CAMIOLA : a girl with A fortune BY JUSTIN M'CAETHY, Author of 'Mise Misanthrope,' 'Maid of Athens, Chapter XVL — (Continued. They had a pleasant drive through leafy reads, the summer still hardly waning. At length the oarriage turned down a quiet, green lane — a lane that bad English land scape in every tuft and blade and flower — uu tuey ubuib ou we river ana saw a email boat rooking on the sonny water, and Joseph with a pair of sonlls in hand awaiting them on the bank. Joseph wore a full beard and moustache of jet black, and had heavy, blaok eyebrows, and a skin nearly as allow— brown as that of an Afrioan. He was dressed muoh like an English sailor. Mrs. Pollen gave him a few directions in Italian— a sort of Levantine Italian — in ac ceptance of which he merely bowed. He helped the ladies into the little boat with the grave dignity of a Red Indian. When they were seated in the stern h8 shoved off into mid-stream. 1 1 cannot tell how or why it is,' Camiola Mid, in a low tone, ' but I feel strangely when I look at your Albanian. There is something about him which affeote me in a y I can't explain. He seems as if he is filfl aI satftr naat avienfe aI «n«i itla t ww»»«w £nwww wuuiws va ei>w« a wonder can I have lived in his country and have been an Albanian during some pre existence, and seen him and known him ? what is the matter with me, dear Mrs. PoDea ? I wish I could see Albania.' Y oo most travel. Yoo have not travelled moeh yet V No, hardly anywhere. We are to travel, I I believe.' We!' Georgia and I, after we are marrhd. I daresay I shall enjoy it very muoh.' Oamiola had taken off her glove and was trailing her hand in the water and watching the ripples. Her tone and manner did not oerrry with them moeh promise of enjoy- msnt ' I have travelled a great deal,' Mrs. Pollen said. I don't knowthatit has done me any pattioolar good or given me moeh instruc tion.' 'But your memory must be suota a treatun-houBe of beautiful pictures and associations. You interest me much, Mrs. Pollen.' 4 Do I, dear? I am glad if I can be interesting to anyone, but especially to yon. I don't interest myself, not one little bit ; but "Wn, you see, I know all my own story.' 4 1 should like to know it,' Oamiola said, JPUblished by special arrangement with the with a simple openness. I know vou have a story.' Nothing new, my dear ; only the poor and common story of a waBted life, though, by the way, it might have a moral and a lesson for you, if one human being ever took a lesson from the fate, and the follies, and the sufferings of another. But human beings don't take any such lessons, and I have long given np the notion of guiding or warning anyone. At least I have got out of the way of hoping anything from it; I am afraid I do try to warn you sometimes.' I should like jto hear the lesson of your life for me — it might do me good ; I don't think I am very perverse. My life was wasted just because I was weak and unwise enough to marry a man I didn t love ; that's the whole story. Take care, Garni la, that you do not commit the eame act of folly — worse chan folly. That's all.' Oamiola said nothing. To argue the question would be useless, she thought. How delirious this air is,' she said ; and this this river ; and those bewitching trees. Suppose we now go olose in under those trees.' Mrs. Pollen said some words to her Albanian, and be brought them with a few rapid strokes of his soulls close to the bank, and nnder the bending branches of some trees that hung over the stream. They were now in a lonely little creek, out of sight and sound of other boats. Oh, this day and this place make me feel happy again, and so young, ever so yonng !' Oamiola exclaimed, in a little burst of gladsome enthusiasm. Fancy; at your age talking of feeling hsppy again, and young !' Mrs. Pollen said. Yon not happy ; not always happy I You who have youth, and beauty, and fortnne, and a lover who adores you, and ' Oh, I wish he didn't adore me,' Camiola said, half in laughter, half in (ears ; it is so dreadful to be adored ; I don't want to be adored; I was never made for adoration;.! am only a commonplace girl ; I hate to see a man grovelling at my feet. There, I wish I hadn't said all that. It was wrong of me ; it was cruel to — to him. of course. If T bad really meant it, hut I didn't. It was your words that drew it out of me, Mrs. Pollen ; and, indeed, I believe you have set your heart on making me reveal my whole bouI and all its seerets to you. I was going to say a rude thing, such a dreadful thing, and yet I was not thinking of being rude— the very oontrary. I waB thinking only of an expression of confidence in you. and affec tion.' I know what you were going to say very well, and I am delighted with it, and I echo it ; and indeed, I think I said much the same thing before.' Then you do know?' Camiola asked, with a faint colour on her cheeks, and you are not offended ?' Of course I know, and I am very muoh delighted. You were going to say that you wished I were your mother.' Yes ; but it was absurd, for you are ever so muoh too young.' ' So far as years go, I might have been your mother long ago ; and I wish I were. But I can tell you, child, that if I were I would stand no nonsense on that marriage question. You would have to go to bed without supper if I heard any more of that.' lam very fond of Lady Letitia too,' Camiola said with simplicity, as if Bhe felt bound to make some acknowledgment to the absent Lady Letitia. Yes, of coarse, you are. But just at present it is a sort of relief to you to be away from her now and then. In your secret heart you think she might have stood by you a little more ; and you resent it.' 1 Oh, no, Mrs. Pollen ; I do not, indeed.' Yes, you do,' Mrs. Pollen said, decisively. You don't admit it to yourself, or you will not admit it, but the feeling is there all the same; x can reaa coax xnucu ok yonr neari. Camiola tried to disclaim any such feeling, but the more she tried the harder it became. The more she admitted question of the matter at all, the more it grew upon her that in her Bcoret heart there was a feeling of disappointment and pain with regard to Lady Letitia. Mrs. Pollen had read her heart indeed. Are you a witch V she asked, with a half- melancholy smile. 'Are there no eeorets from you?' None that you could keep, my dear. Yours is a very transparent soal, and I have an interest in studying it.' Mrs. Pollen made a sign, and they pushed out into the stream again. Your Albanian rows very muoh like an Englishman,' Oamiola said. 4 1 did not suppose that Greeks of any kind rowed like that.' My good English girl, pray do not fancy that there are no sailors in the world but those of Wapping Old Stairs and Portsmouth Harbour. The Greeks of the islands are born seamen. This man is not a Greek, however, and he has been a great deal with English men. How silent and statae-like he Is! He remiuds me of the man of metal in the '.Arabian Nights' who rowed one of the Calendars, the sons of kings, and suddenly l sank when the name of God was reverently spoken. Do you think your mysterious man would sink if I were to breathe that name ? ' No, Camiola ; he is a Christian like our selves ; and he is not made of metal ; though I don't say that be may not be enchanted.' ' Indeed ? How delightfal 1 Bat how !' Oh, I don't know,' Mrs. Pollen answered carelessly. ' He looked at yon I fancied as if he were enchanted, but I don't suppose he could well help doing that, seeing that he has eyes.' I think he is handsome,' Camiola said, not heeding Mrs. Pollen's words ; ' and yet I don't know ; he perplexes me with some dis tracting dim idea of having seen him before. Do you know, Mrs, Pollen, I think I am in a sort of Billy humour to-day ? I feel somehow l<ke a released school girl ; I don't know why.' Don't you ? I do.' Oh no. Why, then ?' Because you are a released school girl — or released girl at all events.' Another touoh at the wounded plaoe. Camiola threw a beseeohing look at Mrs. Pollen. How can I go on teasing you in this way, you were going to ask ? Only for your good, my dear. I want to make you familiar with your real Eelf and your real feelings' » My dear kind friend, pray, pray don't uuiBuuuetBiauu me. ou may see too mucn or see in dreadfully exaggerated proportions. I know what I am doing quite well; I have misgivings every now and then ; bat I think I should have them in any ease. I fancy most girls must have some little touches of mis givings at such a time under the very happiest conditions, and I don't think I am naturally a marrying girl. I think I could be very happy living my own free will with my friends. But I don't think I feel any mis givings on account of him — of Georgie. I think I.oan make him happy, and I don't see why I should not be quite happy too in the end. Now that is really how I feel, and I want you not to misunderstand me ; with all your mysterious insight and reading of hearts I think you do misunderstand me some times.' ' Very good,' said Mrs. Pollen ; we shall see. Meanwhile I take account of your pro- ioot rsflmialfi t molra o nafa at u nn t | ukouc a uuvu sjjl t«| ao a believe they say in the courts of law.' _ They had a delightfal time of it on the river. Camiola had not been so happy for many a day. It seemed to her a season of relief and of resoue. She was really tired almost out of all patience of being adored. She was weary of hearing her own praises eternally chanted in a somewhat minor key ; of listening to words of passionate ecstasy in unending iteration. I love you, I love you, I love you,' such was the weary burden of the song that was always sounding in her ears. She oonld not even resent it ; she had to endure it. She could only encourage her self with the sad, sick hope that it would not last for ever. To this it had already come. Camiola locked out in hope end with positive yearning to a time in their impend ing married life when poor Georgie would not be quite so much iD love with her ; when his passion should have cooled and quieted down ; when he would regard her with less lover-like and ecstatic admiration ; when he would take her lor granted and not weary himself or her any more with protestations of his devotion, his gratitude, and his happi ness. Then we can talk to each other like rational human creatures,' she thought to herself ; we shall be like an ordinary man and woman ; I shall hear no more about my own perfections — those sickening perfections — and I shall like him ever so muoh and be very happy with him. Perhaps he will come not to care for me at all in the end ; but even that will be muoh better.' This was the mood, these were the hopes, in which car poor rich girl was contemplating her approaching marriage. No wonder that ebe found it a relief to spend some hours alone with Mrs. Pollen. Mrs. Pollen- was, she believed, tbe only living creature who under- stood her and sympathised with her. The only advantage she found was that Mrs. Pollen understood her rather too well, and was in the habit of suddenly holding up a lamp by means of whioh Camiola was able, for the first time, to read dearly the inner most secret of her own heart. Yet, even that, while it startled her, also gave her a sense of sympathy and made her feel that she was not alooe. Bhe clung to Mrs. Pollen with a closeness and tenderness that touched the elder woman beyond expression. After a while they landed again, and got into the oarriage to go home. The Albanian mounted the box with the co&obman.; Mrs. Pollen did not say much as they were driving home, bnt whatever she did Bay harped on the one string. It had always something to do with Gamiol&'s engagement to George Lisle. Oamiola's nerves had by this time become a little unstrung, whioh was exactly what Mrs. Pollen wished them to be. Isabel Pollen had to perform an experiment in heart-surgery which she firmly believed was needed for the preservation and tbe welfare of her ail- anoonsoious young patient, and the patient bad to be brought to a certain eoiidftien of nervousness before the remedy could effectively be tried. As they were entering the honse Mrs. ! Pollen said a few words to Joseph in the Italian whioh 'he understood, telling him that she would ring for him presently, sad would have a letter for him to take. The two women entered the musiorcom. Just then it was flooded by the amber-flre rays of the descending sun. Mrs. Pollen had taken her seat at the organ, and was playing a few sonorous chords. Camiola stood near. How beautiful this room is,' Camiola said. 'You have made everything beauti. ful here. How sorry I am the day is so nearly over. I have enjoyed it eo muoh.' ' Come again to-morrow.' Ob, I couldn't do that,' Camiola said, hastily. 'Your lover couldn't do without you I suppose ?' I suppose not. . I don't know.' She took up a book and began to turn over its leaves. ' Tell me, Camiola, has he never kissed you ?' Never, oh, indeed, never.' ' Nor even tried to V ' Ob, no.' Camiola did not add that she bad never since their engagement been one moment alone with her lover. I give you my word, Camiola, I wouldn't have such a lover as that for all the world.' But, dear Mre. Pollen, you don't under stand ; you don't do him justice' — and Camiola could not help laughing at her own defence of her lover. He knows I would not like it ; he falls in with my humour ; he is a very ohivalrous boy; be is indeed. I am afraid he knoas ouly too well that I don't really love him — in that sort of way ; and he is willing to take me as I am, but he would cot do anything that I didn't like.' 'Except marry you,' Mrs. Pollen said, scornfully. 'Yes, but I am willing to marry him; quite willing. It was I who made the advance ; at last, I mean. He had dropped he thing altogether, he was not say in - ft iy thing mere about it; but I told Lacy iietitia that I would marry bim if he liked.' Nice unselfish hoy,' MrB. Pollen murmured.' But indeed he is unselfish ; he was pre pared to let me do as I pleased, he didn't mean to press me any more, and I am very much attached to him, and I am sure I Bhall come so ioyb mm in ine ena ; l am growing quite tender to him hlready. And then they are all so fond of me. Lady Letitia seems so happy. Mrs. Pollen, you are the last woman in the world who could pretend not to understand what a happy thing it is to make other people happy — you who live for nothing elBe ; you who have no pleasure at all of your own that I can Bee, and who only enjoy doing something for everybody and anybody else. Fancy yon cot under standing why I should like to make Lady Letitia and Georgie and all of them happy.' Mrs. Pollen got up and rang the bell twice. That was her summons to her Albanian. She went on talking. Camiola, it . always seems to me that you don't take this matter seriously enough. What do I sacrifice by indulging my whims — for they are only whims and nothing more ? A little money — whioh I don't want and shouldn't know what to do with in any other way. Now,' what arc you going to sacrifice ? Your life — your whole life— your love ; your ifcner sense of what is right. Remember that you have a heart, and a warm heart. Have you thought of what tbe condition of that heart would be if anything were to happen ?' Joseph bad entered the room, and was standing mute as a statue awaitiog Mrs. Pollen's commands. Mrs. Pollen had a letter in her haqd whioh she was about to give him. Have you thought of what your feelings would be if, before your marriage or after it, you were to meet— yes, I will put it plainly — you were to meet Mr. Romont again ?' Camiola was so startled by this sudden ; question that the book she was holding dropped from her hands to the ground. Her face orimsoned ; her hands trembled ; she tri6d to Epeak, and could not find utterance. The terror long present in a vague and sbadowy way and in some remote corner of her mind was made by Mrs. Pollen's words to come out into the light and assume tbe shape of a menacing apparition. Poor Camiola'a nerves, as we have seen, were all unstrung. She had been listening with a strange feeling of morbid pleasure and morbid fear to all that Mrs. Pollen had been saying about her engagement, and everything that had been said was made to lead up to this final stroke now given so suddenly and so keenly that it seemed to set all her heart's blood flowing at once. There was a moment's struggle, 'and then Oamiola broke down utterly. Pride, shame, and all gave way. She covered her face with her hands and burst into tears. The Albanian made a sadden movement as if he were about to go to her ; then he turned and abruptly left the mom. Mrs. Pollen put her armB tenderly round Camiola. ( There, there, my dear ; perhaps I ought not to have touched you quite so sharply. But you understand yourself and everything else better now, don't you? Yon will soon see your way.' Camiola began to recover herself. Ob, Mrs. Pollen,' she sobbed out, ' you have played upon my heart, as on the keys of your organ.' 'X have brought out sweet, true and tender nCes from it, my dear,' Mrs. Pollen answered ; ' the music of your future, believe me.' Mrs. Pollen was well content with the result cf her experiment in playing on the keys of Camiola's heart. Chapter XVII,— But There Remains i soruple.' Camiola had gone home. Mrs. Pollen returned to ber music-room, and, according to ber custom when alcne there, was playing on her organ. She wsb delighted at tbe result of her experiment thus f&r.; She thought ?he had brought Camiola to & point from which the girl could not draw back. How tbe engagement with Georgie Lisle was to be got rid of Mrs. Pollen did not knew, and did not much oars ; but she was determined that it must be got rid cf ens way or another. Her interest was ell in Camiola and Romont ; she bad the poorest opinion of Georgie, and was not in the slightest degree concerned about his feelings. With full recognition of Mrs. Pollen's many generous and some noble qualities, we cannot profess to believe that she was rigidly scrupulous as to means when once she had convinced herself that her ends were all right. The music-room was but faintly lighted as yet. The twilight bad not wholly faded from tbe ekies, whioh could be seen through the small uncurtained windows. Mrs. Pollen, abeorbed in her musio, did not hear the door open or see ber Albanian come is, She started when she heard his voice in the dim light. The voice spoke in remarkably good English this time, although with much emo tion. Is she gone ?' The voice, we need hardly tell any reader, was the voice of Albert Romant, although the complexion was still the complexion of Albanian Joseph. Well?' Mrs. Pollen aBked exultingly, She had riaen from her seat at the organ, and was coming towards bim with both hands held out. Are you satisfied cow? Was I right ? Do you begin to see your way at last?' iiooK nere, riomant said passionately ; l can't have anything more to do with this ; it seems a dreadful thing — we two to find out all about this girl'b feelings — it's like acting the part of a spy. I won't play at this game any more.' 'Isn't that being a little too scrupulous? Have you not a right to know how the girl feels to you ? Have you not a right to save her from a fate worse a thousand times than death to a girl with such a heart, and brains, and sonl? Death ! Why, what is death to any woman with spirit enough to make her worthy to live ?' Still, I oan't do it any more ; I feel as if I were doing something whioh would wound ber to the heart if ebe came to know.' ' What about the wound to her heart when she is married to that young man and finds she has to live a long life with him, tied to bim, oh&ined; to him, and knows Ebe never, neer can love him? What about her heart then ? Stuff and nonsense ; Bertie Romont, you talk like a ohild. If I were you I would carry her off by force rather than let her eaorafioe herself to him. Yes, I would, and more than that, I would kill her ; I would indeed ; kill her with my own hand rather than let her give herself up to him ; and I should feel certain that I had done a good and righteous deed. Ob, you men ; what spiritless creatures you are !' But I so love her,' he pleaded, I so adore her. I bate the thought of hurticg hsr feelings. Every moment I eee her or listen to her I only love ana admire her ail the more. You don't understand, and you couldn't understand how I feel ; there is a sort of terror in my love, I am eo afraid of offending her. You see, a woman can't feel to a woman as a man does. You can't have any of the sort of goddess notion about any woman, bus men can ; I can. I feel to ber sometimes as if she were a sort of divinity. All right.' said Mrs. Pollen, coolly, I am very glad. I don't think any tbe worse of a young man beoause be is a iiitle crazy about a girl. The fault I find with you is that jou are not half crazy enough. But anyhow, my very eensitive and scrupulous voung man, don't your scruples come rather late ? There is nothing more to find out, is there? You can't pretend to have any doubt on your mind as to the Btate cf her feelings now ?' 4 Oh, no, I can't have any doubt now. If I had only known, or thought, or guessed before ! Bat what is the use new ?' There was no watching or spying needful on my part,' Mrs. Pollen said ; I knew it all before. I suspected it from the beginning, I knew it just as soon as she did ; the very same moment that told it to ber told it to me. Later on she told it to to me herself.' ' Told it to you herself?' Yes ; I gave her to understand that I had found out her secret, and she didn't deny that I was right — she couldn't. She bad been in love with you this long time, but not so long as you have been in love with her.' Romont looked at her wish quick surprise, How do you know that ?' he asked. How do I know anything ? Beoause I use my eyes ml my senses. You were in love wifc ta the very firtf jooHwbsr. Ths moment I saw how your eyes rested on her, even when yon did not yet know who she was, I felt enre that yon had found your fate, in the matter of love- making at least ; so far as that sort of work makes op a man's fate. I tried yon with one or two questions as we were driving away — as we passed George Lisle on the bridge, and even before we saw him; and yonr answers mado me quite certain that I was right I daresay you didn't know it yourself then ; bat I did. I didn't find her out antil the sight we saw her stooping over him and kissing him.' 1 But surely that ought to have made you think she was in lcve with him. It made me think so ; it made me sure of it. I made up my mind to leave England at the first possible moment — after tbat.' Men are so dull in these affairs. As if a girl kissing a young fellow whom she had known like a brother — a young fellow wounded, who had just fallen in a faint under her very eyes — as if her kissing bim was any proof of her being in ' love with him!' Well, but anyhow it surely wasn's any proof of her betug in love with me ?' Mrs. Pollen smiled. . Directly, no ; indirectly, yes ; yes. The moment she saw you your name o&me; out in aery from her lips. I saw the way she looked at yon, and to you, and then away from you ; I saw that for the moment she was only thinking that you must have seen her kies him, and then I knew ; I told her so that very night.' Then, in the name of heaven, my dear, kind, and mysteriously-gifted Mrs. Pollen, why on earth did you not tell me ?' My dear, kind, and by no means mysteriously-gifted, but, on the contrary, remarkably doll and stupid Mr. Bomont, why should I have told you anything at all bout it?' Since you professed so be my friend and her friend,' be said gravely ; 'since you are Boanxiousnowto saveber and me from a life of wretched and cruel mistake I don't know that I had professed any great friendship to either of yon at that time ; although I did like you both ; but in any case how was I to suppose that a young man who appeared to have plenty of spirit, and had done aU sorts of pluoky things for people he never Bpoke to, wonld ventnre nothing to fiod out whether the girl he was in love with was In love with him ? How was 1 to suppose that you wonld quietly let the matter drop ? How was I to suppose that she would never make the slightest use of her eyes to encourage you ? If I were she I would have contrived with one little quiet balf-glance that her mother, if she were living, might have seen and failed to understood — I would have contrived to make you understand that yon were welcome to say something to me No, though ; I am not so sure about that. I doubt, after what has happened, whether I could have made you understand ; but I would have tried.' Oh, hut she wouldn't ; she couldn't do anything like that,' he said hastily. Thank you very much ; such a nice graceful compliment to me ! She couldn't do Buoh a dreadful thing ; no, of couree not ; but I could.' I didn't mean that.' Well, no matter; I forgive you ; I quite admit that there are things I would do and your divinity wonld not do. But to come back to the point. How was I to suppose that yon would have acted so absurdly as you did, both of you ? Of course, I wasn't going to betray the girl's secret to you, or to any man alive.' But you have done it all the same,' he said. ' Yes, I put you in the way of finding it out, certainly. Bat I wasn't going to say to you, dear, good, generous young man, take pity on this young woman who has fallen in love with yon, and, if you are really in love with her, prythee be kind enough to tell her BO.' Well, we have muddled it among us.' 1 Excuse me ; we have not muddled anything ; at least, I have not muddled it. You and she may have done a good deal of muddling between you ; but I have not. I have done my best to counteract the effects of your muddling and will still do it.' What would you have me do now ?' Go to her, go to her at once, this minute; and tell her all. Tell her that you are in love with her, and that you know she is in love with you.' And she will say I am too late ; she will say she is pledged, and promised, and engaged, and all the rest of it, to Lisle.1 Tell her Bbe mast break it cff . Tell her she shall not marry him. Don't hesitate, or allow her to think for a moment that you would heeitate. Prevent her from making herself nnbappy, just as you would prevent her from throwing herself ont of the window. I suppose if you saw her going to throw herself out of the window you would not soruple about putting your arms around her waist to hold her back ? Take my word for it, you would do a much kinder thing to a girl like Camiola if you were to let her throw hereelf out of the window than if you were to allow her to marry Georgie Lisle. ' We don't live in the days of young Lochinvar, Mrs. Pollen,1 he said, 4 I wish to heaven we did. I wish I might take her up on my saddle and gallop off with her. But I am afraid Oamicla,' he felt his cheek grow hot as he spoke out her name in this way, 1 is not the sort of girl to stand being carried off in tbat kind of way. And then, don't you know, I am very much inclined to believe that she will think I have played her a shabby trick by getting her secret out of her in this way— this absurd disguise. I didn't think of it before in tbat light, but now it does seem to me an awfully mean thing to have done.' There !' eaid Mrs. Pollen. ' I might have expected this. I put you in, the way of knowing for certain . that the girl yon love loves ycu, and my thanks is to be told that I have done a mean trick, which a woman of better bringing up would despise. I wonder any woman ever goes into any sort of enter prise with a man. Why, you pitiful creatures don't seem to understand even the principle of honour among thieves. Since Eve was fool enough to try to please her shabby husband things were always just like that. Very good, Mr. Bomont ; I have my reward, Settle the matter for yourself.' / - No, no; don't be angry with me, Joe pleaded, 'I didn't meab that of anything like that, but what was only kiajd 'and friendly of you to think of for our sakes, hers and mine, may not have been quite right for me to do. You see, Bhe's not a worn -n of the world.' ' Well, well, Mrs. Pollen sid, impatiently, cutting him off in his explanation, 4 never mind about all that. I don't care whether you include me in your vote of censure or leavf me out of it. I am quite willing to admit that both you and she are far too lofty in your natureB and too refined in your scruples for this rough world altogether ; and I don't feel myself by any means at home in such very superior company. Perhaps, »fter all. she' had better marry Georgie Liele. The bey is a very nice boy, in liin Way, and I daresay she'll get to be. awfully fond of him in lime. Anyhow, we oan't do anything mora, oan we? Now, to come to a practical matter, what is to become of my Albanian Joseph ? Does he disappear from this moment? And how am I to account lor his coming like a shadow and so departing? Must I say he was a mere ghost? Or ehall I give oirt that I have packed him off to Albania again ?' 1 As if it mattered !' Bomont said. As if you cr I oared about thst ! Come, Mrs. Pollen, don't be acry with me ; I can't stand it ; I must have you for my friend and on my side. You see how outspoken I am with you ; I don't keep any of my thoughts from you.' All right, Mrs. rroiien bbiu. a easily offended, and I am very easily appeased. Now about your scruples. Must you tell your divinity the part you have played?' , Ob, yes,' be answered, quietly but very firmly ; I could not keep tbat from her. If I tell her what I know, I must tell her how I o&me; to know it. Why. the whole strength of my position is tbat I know it from her lips almost : yes, it was really from her own lips. Bat in any case I would t-eli her.' 4 Must you tell her now ?' 1 Now? Why, of course. At what other time could I tell her, if not row V 'After,' Mrs. Pollen said, coolly. 1 After what ?' Oh, you moft slupid young man ; after yos are married, to be sure. It would be all right then.' Bomont positively coloured like a girl. Oh, no, that would never do ; th&t; would be a marrying under false preteccer . Basidee, I think it is very, very doubtful whether ehe will ever marry me at all. She isn't like other girls.' ' No girl ever is,' said Mrs. Pollen. 1 Ever is like what ?' Ever is like other girls. At least, _ I never yet heard a man admit that the girl he was mashed upon was one bit like other girls ; and I never knew a girl who would admit or believe that she was like other girls. Weil, ycu must cnly throw youreelf upon her mercy. I wouldn't if I were you ; but that's another matter.' What would you do ?' Tell her that I loved her, and that I knew she loved me, and that we were to be married, and not listen to a single word to the contrary. Show her that you meant what you said and were the master. I wish I might do the love making for you.' No, thanks,' Bomont said, with a bright ning smile ; 4 1 mean to do my love- making all for myself,' Very well ; but do it.' No one could have been more surprised than Romont himself if he had been told that while he was arguing with Mrs. Pollen he was not perfectly sincere. He thought he was sincere ; he believed that he was giving expression to the truest feelings of his heart. But the moment he had left her, the moment he found himself alone, then the real feelings broke out and overwhelmed all others. In the sublime egotism of the lover he yielded himself to the mere rapture of the thought 4 e loves me, she loves me ; come what will she loves me ; nothing can ever alter that.' He did indeed feel alarmed and a little ashamed as to the part he had played ; ashamed on his own account, alarmed at the thought of how Camiola might take it. He felt a little like another Claude Melnotte playing off a shabby trick at the expense of a beautiful and innocent girl. He began to think he had no more right to find ont her secret by means of his mummer's disguise than he would have bad to act the part of a spy on her, or to open her letters. How would she take it ? Mrs. Pollen, of coarse, was absolutely unscru pulous in such a matter, and could hardly understand Bomont s scruples ; hut would Camiola take that view? Sometimes he felt certain that ehe would cot ; tbat she would resent the trick played off on her. All the same, he was deter mined tbat ehe must kcow it. Bot for that, he thought, she might be induced to break off her engagement with Georgie Lisle ; the disguise and the discovery would m&fee; her pause, he feared. ' Still she loves me,' he told himself again and again ; she will novery marry . (to be continued.) 