Thursday Night. The exhibition by gaslight is <.otpe*!ed m % ne*-'<v:*i*y, aud auoipfc».d a.s a -mutter vt tourso, but the exhibition uuder lime-light is not a matter of course, bat a very explosive treat, albeit an exqaiaite attrao&m.; It does no; much interest the general spectators how, or by what means the strange light and fascinating prismatic hues are produced—the effect is what the public want The oxygen, which is gene* rated in gas-tight bags from the chloride of potash und black oxide of manganese, is mixed with hydrogen, produced fr. m ordinary, coal gas, and bidden away from the vulvar gaze and p.iblio ken. The light is then led to the lantern by tubes. 'I he oxo* hydrogen parses over u ball of lime within the lantern, and produces the limelight which again parses through two powerful lenses, aud the light from each lantern was equal to 1,000 candles The larger one of the two lantern* used ou this occasion is the largest in the colony, and has a diso of 60 feet ray-power. The light passes through numerqus prismatic ray producers, and the effect was in some instances weirdly grand, especially the'rainbow rays which by the art and manipulation of the operators seemed to lodge rainbows within the volume of the Bprays of* the fountain. At 8 o'clook the fountain was turned on and the water rose to a height of 40 feet, ' in a steady volume and the two lanterns took i.i the whole of the body of the spray, giving every con ceivable variety of »nade and prism. The artist was Mr. T, M. Tyrrell, assisted by Professor Pepper (of Pepper's ghost fame) and several assistants. Sat much of the grand effect of each remarkably good lanterns was lost by the gas not being turned low enough. There was too muoh gaslight to do justice to the limelighters. Of course it is a grave question whether it would be wise to lower the lights muoh more where so many thousands of people are congregated, and crowd so closely upon one another in their various and unknown t-har*otsr* ; but whether the polioy of pnblio economy admits it or not, all the same the full effects and beauties of the limelight* were to a great extent lost. The surroundings, too, wars altogether too prosaic to produoe anything like the fairy scenes the desoriptivo writers of such scenic displays so often indulge in in doiug this class of show. 