TOPICS OF THE DAY. I We receive from tlio promoters of tlie Adelaide Jubilee International KxhibiMon the prospectus of tho forthcoming exhibi tion, to he held iu June next, in celebration of tho jubilee of the colony. And it strongly recalls the quest ion, What is being done or to bo done lo celebrate the centen ary of this colony in the following year! The circumstances under which the Adelaido exhibition lias been carried forward are very Bimiiar to some tbat we have seen iu this colony. The project when first mooted there received a cold reception from Parlia ment and encountered the opposition of the Ministry, but it was supported by strong public opinion outside, and was in this way forced upon the Government. The argu ment used ngainst it there, ns here, was tlie depressed state of trado and industry. Put tlio depression lias rather deepened than diminished since then, and at tlie present time tlie exhibition represents tlio only bright spot of healthful activity in n bird's- eye view of Adelaide. Tlie enterprise so pluclvily undertaken by its promoters under these discouragements now bids fair to be n 'success, nud has already caused tlie circula tion of a good deal of money which without its stimulus would havo been nlmost with drawn from active employment. We have a much stronger historic reason for a celebra tion than is presented nt Adelaide. Our depression is not so bud. Our means arc far greater. Whnt is beiug done there could far more readily be done here, liad wo ft few public-spirited citizens to put their shoulders to tho wheel aud get the matter once under way. And it certainly would be to the dis credit of New South Wales were we to let the occasion slip of worthily celebrating our hundredth anniversary in sucli a manner as to givo to our Industries tlio encouragement nnd recognition which might be expected to rc-act so favorably upou tlicir growth and development. Tho Rev. Father Cnhill, in preaching the sermon at tho obsequies of Archbishop Goold, of Melbourne, expressed the opinion that thero. was' ground for encouragement for tbo hope tbat these colonics would return to a system of religiouB, that is denomina tional, education iu the fact that Trinco Bismarck, by moving tho repeal of the famous Fulk laws, was abandoning his long struggle with tho Papacy. We nro quite unable, to see in this fact any support for Father Caitiff's very sanguine hope. ' The circumstances which ho compares arc wholly different. Plinco Illsmarck was trying to fight a spiritual foe by temporal wcapous — to, as it, has been said, fight a ghost with a rifle and bayonet— and bo did not succeed. At the same time it is to be remembered thnt if tlio Prince tried to fight the church with political weapons, the church had been using weapons.of the same kind against him and his policy. It was because tho Influence of the church was used so strenuously against tho consolidation of the German Empire that Prince Bismarck tried by his acts of repressive legislation to reduce the "church to a -position of subserviency to tho State. In this ho went from the ground whore he was strong to that where ho was weak,, and in doing so lie sacrificed his advantage of position and, as tho result shows and as he frankly admits, ho faffed. But there 1h not In all this any trace of analogy, with what the State does in these colonics. It does not seek to interfere in the appointment of clergy or prelates or ia ecclesiastical education. It accords the churches tho most unbounded liberty in every particular. All that it says in regard to education is that it docs not feel itsolf competent to impart religious instruction and it leaves this to the churches. Nothing more than this. And the churches, even Father Cahill would admit, are quite ready to take this view of the case, and to accept the re sponsibility cast upon them. Only, tbey waat the State to. pay, thorn for perforailng it, In cnlty Is purely a pecuniary one. What the churches sny, certainly what Father Cahill' church says, is that it cannot givo up oducs. tion to tho Stato but thnt tho State must pay for its performance by tho ohuroji. .TbU is nil that our Culturhampf amounts to in tlicso colonics, nnd with all respect to Father Cnlilll, wo cr.n see no probability that- the State will recede from tlie position it has deliberately taken up. 