THE BIBLE, A25D HOW TO READ IT. [By Rev. F. W. Faeeah, DJ-., F.R.S.] Those to whom it is my duty to speak about sacred things know my desire to illustrate the truths of God from every aspect of the life and work of men. The fact that I do so is not accidental. It is my fundamental conviction that God, revealing himself in many parts and in many ways, desires that we should not confine our thoughts to any one of those fragments or sources of His teaching. His wisdom is, as St. Paul calls it, 'a richly diversified wisdom.' It makes no little difference whether we regard God as a Being infinitely distant from us, a Being who has spoken to us once in Scripture and speaks no more, or whether we think of .turn as epeaKing to us always, ana in many voices. 'He hath made of one all nations that they should feel after Him and find Him, though He be not far from each one of us, as certain also of the heathen poets said, for we are also His offspring.' I purpose then sometimes, as occasion may serve, to speak of some of the great Divine sources of revelation; some of the various teachers of mankind; to treat of the Bible and of nature, and of poetry and of art, of conscience and of history, and of experience, as eternal teachers of mankind, and thus to show from how many sources we may learn God's will, and how unanimous, as well as how solemn, are the lessons which they set forth. For inspiration is a continuous energy of the present, not a mere exhausted edition and isolated spasm of the past. Pentecost was not a eingle outpouring; there are many Pente costs. Pentecost may come to each one of us. Tbe Holy Ghost was not given once and for once only. He is constantly descending into all holy hearts. Do we not say daily in our creed — 'I believe in the Holy CrhoBt.' Our God is IT o sun that once has shone and now has set, Our God is no ebbing tide that left Strewn with dead miracles, those eldest shores For men to dry, and drily lecture on, Himself, henceforth incapable of flood. No ; but our God is a living God. And our Christ is not a dead Christ, bat a living Christ ; and the Holy Spirit is with us, and, except we be reprobates, He is in us now, and ! or ever more, I speak of the Bible first as tbe great teacher of mankind, because it must ever continue to be of the supremest impor tance to the race of mankind. It contains the record of God's special revelations to one chosen people, and of that final all inclusive revelation, wherein He has spoken and is speaking to us by His Son. The Bible is not by any means God's only revelation. It always bas been an evil when it has been so considered. It contains, however, some of the clearest and directeBt lessons which God bas ever spoken to man through the mind and utterance of his brother man. Take but one illustration of its unique supremacy. After all these thousands of years of the world's existence, alter all splendors of literature in all the nations and in all ages, there is no book in the whole world which can supersede the Bible as an instrument for the education of the young. After all these millenniums it remains the most uniquely glorious book which the world has ever known. Alone of all books it is circulated in hundreds of millions of copies in every tongue spoken by man; its eclipse would be the return of chaos; its extinc tion would be the epitaph of history. 'Its light,' says Cardinal Newman, 'is like the beauty of heaven in all its clearness, its vastness like the bosom of the sea, its variety like the scenes of nature.' Perhaps testimony from a religious teacher might be regarded as purely official. Let me, then, quote the testimony of an eminent living man of science ; the testimony of a man like Professor Huxley on this subject will at least not be suspected. ' I have been seriously per plexed to know,' he- says, 'how the religious feeling which is the. essential basis of conduct can be kept up without the use of the Bible. The pagan moralist lacked fire, and life, and color, and even the noble stoic, Marcus Aurelius, is too high and refined for an ordinary child. For three cen turies this book has been woven into the life of all that is best and noblest in English history. It forbids the veriest hind who never left his village to be ignorant of the existence of other countries and other civilisations, and of the great past stretching back to the furthest limit of the oldest nations of the world. By the study of what other book could children be so much humanised or made to feel that each figure in that vast historical procession fills, like them selves, but a momentary inter-space between two eternities, and earns the blessings or the curses of thiB and of all time, according to his efforts to do good and to hate evil, even as they also are earning their payment for their daily work ?'J Unhappily, however, the Bible, in age after age has been liable to such boundless misinterpretation, that it is not passible or honorable to speak of it as the most blessed among the teachers of mankind; without admitting, as St. Peter did eighteen hundred years ago, that it may very easily be wrested to our own destruction. Century after century, men, misled by their religious teachers, have failed altogether to see what the Bible is ; they have made a fetish of it, and under the plea of its sacredness have taken ad vantage of its many-sidedness to get rid of its moBt central and essential teaching; they have made it like the faineant monarchs who have been surrounded with splendid state and almost Divine reverence, while care was taken that their real voice should never be heard, and their real wishes never known. It would require yolume3 to tell how the Bible has been 'grievously wounded in the house of its friends,' how men have set up claims for it which it never set up for itself ; how false the principles on which it has been interpreted ; how gross the arbitrari ness with which it has been judged ; how in solent the usurpation with which it has been monopolised; how it has been loaded with preposterous gloBses and locked up from men in alien tongues. Popes have tried to re serve it for their own exclusive interpreta tion; the English priesthood made it a crime to possess and death to read the first English version of Wickliff. Bishop Tunstall, of Durham, bought up and burnt every copy he could procure of Tvndale's Great translation. Thousands have been slain and tortured merely for attempting to learn from it in Albipensian crusades, and thousands more in the dark days of Philip and Alva, and thousands more in many a century. Men have used the Bible to find an excuse for hating and cursing and burning one another, they have torn it into shreds and turned each shred of it into a fluttering ignoble ray of some party pennon; they have dislocated its phrases and built ialse theologies on the perversions of its texts. Even in the second century St. Irsenoeus compared the reasonings drawn by some from the Bible to great ropes of sand, and the systems framed from it to Mosaics of a dog or a fox made by breaking up the fragments of the Mosaics of a king. Starting from the false assumption that every word of the Bible was verbally dictated and homogeneously supernatural, men have used this or that narrative, this or that sentence of it, to found systems entirely alien from its general purport, and to defend atrocities entirely abhorrent from the noblest spirit which it inculcates. Through the narrow wicket of a text they have let in the crimes and tyrannies which were meant to be excluded by every wall and every buttress of its general structure. There is scarcely ope single form of theological heresy, or of Dolitical outrage, or of social wrong, which has not pleaded Scripture in its defence. Christ denounced with burning indignation — it i ?was the only thing which He did so denounce j — the spirit of Pharisaism, and the spirit of Pharisaism built itself upon texts. The immense usurpations of the medieval papacy were built like an inverted pyramid on the needle point of one perverted text. The odious rutblessness of Calvinism, which turned God into Moloch, and man into human fuel for endless flames, proclaimed itself as the only logical inference from Scripture texts. The slaveholder defended by texts bis hateful interests. The Mormon defends by texts his detestable polygamy. The English clergy defended by texts their slavish tenets of pas sive obedience. The Romish priests defended by texts alike the despotism of one tyrant and the dagger thrust of the assassin by which another fell. Nor were the Puritans any wiser. Preaching before Parliament in the year 1646, I believe in this very church, a great preacher, Stephen Marshall, said to them : ' He is a cursed man that withholds his hands from the shedding of blood, or who should do as Saul did, slay some and save some instead of slay iDg all.' The inquisition lit its fires and turned its racks and plied its thumbscrews on the authority of texts. Tt?xts have been used to crush freedom in her cradle and to strangle science at its birth. Because the Scriptures are the most precious gift of God the devil has taken special pains to turn them into the most potent instrument of evil. Disguising himself as an angel of light he has persuaded aen to make Scripture of mere idoL Now, Gcd will have no idols, not even idols made of sacred things. The greatest of all poets has told us — and it is so true that it has become absolutely trite— that the devil can quote Scripture for his purpose — and he has asked — In religion, What damned error, but some sober brow 'Will olees it and approve it with a text, Hiding the grossness with fair ornament? And all this horrible abuse of God's pre cious gift has sprung from the false dogma that inspiration supersedes tbe ordinary limitations of human imperfection, and that every word and letter of Scripture is supernaturafly dic tated by God. It is time, it is high time, it is more than time, it is of infinite importance to the whole future of Christianity— it will be but a taidy reparation to the insulted majesty of truth— that this lying for God, this degrading and ruinous idolatry of the 'letter which killeth,' should be for ever swept aside. The errors which have been built upon it, the cruelties which have been perpetrated in its name, are a record which, more than any other, angels might blush to make and weep to hear given in. (To he concluded in our next.) 