THE OLD DUItIN STAGE. Sir Jonah Barring ton, in his ~Recolcatlions, gives us a vivid oicture of the theatres at that period. "The old play-houses in Dublin were lighted with tallow candles stuck in two circles, hanging from the middle of the stage, which were every now and then snuffed by some performer, and two soldiers, with fixed bayonets, always stood on each side of the stage, near the boxes, to keep the audience in order. The galleries wore very noisy and very droll. The ladies and gentlemenn the boxes always went dressed out as if for court, and the strictest etiquette and decorum were preserved in that circle; while the pit, as being full of critics and wise men, was particularly respected, except when the young gentlemen of the university occasionally forced themselves in to revengo some insult, real or imaginary, to their body, on which occsion all the ladies, well-dressed men, and peace able neople decamped forthwith, and the young gentle men as generally proceeded to beat or turn out the residue of the audience, and break everything that came within their reach. So riotous, however, was the pit audience, that no female ever sat in that part of thbo ouse." Thenuthorityjust quoted,SirJonahBarrington, tells a story of an amusing bit of realism which it was customary to introduce into "Hamlet." Horatio describes the ghost disappearing at cock-crow. In England we have always been oantent to imagine the notes of chanticleer; not so in Dublin. There an actor was regularly cast for the part, and his perfor mance was as rigidly criticised by the gallery as that of any other actor. In Sir Jonah's time there was one who had acquired quite a fame in the part. But this was net all; five or six real roosters were brought behind the scones, and so natural was his imitation that all would take up the note after him, and the spectre of the Danish king would vanish amid a full chorus. SHSFFIELD AItTIBANS AND FOREIoGN CoMs rr'TriON.-As regards foreign competition, the mind of the typical Sheflield artisan is strongly imbued and fortified with the notion that it can never touch him seriously. Hle admits that the low-priced labour of France, Belgium, and Germany will enable those countries to undersell him in the very commonest wares: but he cares little for that; he contends that the business or a cutting instrument is to cut, and if that is what is wanted people must come to him. It takes a great deal to disturb his equanimity on this subject. When the Artisan Reporter on Cutlery for the French aExhibition of 18St7 (IMr. John Wilson) made his report to the Society of Arts he pointed out very fairly that the Continental productions showed generally a great advance sinco the Exhibitions of 186Y and 1851; but with reference to that fact he makes the following complacentremark: "If the pro gross made by other countries seems greater than our own, it is because in the manufacture of cutlery we are much nearer perfection; and therefore It is im possible that our progress should be as marked as those emerging from a rude staut of manufacturing:'" Th Shelfield forger knows also that a good deal of his work is rent abroad as "job-blades," and he argues that if the foreigners could make good blades for themselves they would notwant his. It also occasionallycomes tolight that finished goods are transported bodily to foreign houses, to be exhibited and sold as of Continental make; and about this Mr. John Wilson, who was also accredited to the Vienna Exhibition, had a" curious tale to tell. He was examining a case of German goods there, and the exhibitor challenged him to pro duce asny Sheffield razors equal to those he was show ing. Mr. Wileon was not then in a condition ti comply; but after his return home be writes: "NB.e circumstances are different, and I can produce the man who ground them, and the manufacturer who made them, with the Shefiield merchant through whom they were supplied." As a conflreoation of this statement, he sent in his card, impr?r?.d by his own hand, in Sheffield, ?sith the very mark which had stamped the rJods with the German manufacturer's name. On so whole, while viewing the present position of the ,radoe in all its aspects, we have no reason to doubt ,ant the proud pre-eminence of the ancient home ' cutlery is well mainlained.-Greac Tielnsrir. of cau Britain. A rlw days ago, during one of his rounds through his palatial hotel, the landlord of the Palmer House entered a room suddenly and discovered a window-washer leisurely engaged in reading a news paper. Being very active himself, he had no use for a lasy man, o. one who slights his work. He dis charged him on the spot, and ordered him to go to the office for his pay. The man obeyed, got his money, went to his room on the upper floor, arrayed himself in his Sunday set,, packed up his duds, and descended to the servants apartment to take leave of his former associates. About this time Mfr. Palmer entered, but did not rocugniso his quondam employd in his best clothes. "Here, my manl, you look as though there was good work in you; do you want a job ?" The ex-washer, somewhat sur prieed, admitted that lie stoo in neod of one, " Can you wash windows?" The man said be could, "Well," said Mr. Palmer, " I have just discharged a man who has been doing that sort of work. I paid him only twenty dollars a month; but, if you take the place and go right to work, I'll pay you twenty-two." The pro, oasition was quickly accepted, and in half-an-hour the discharged cmiployE was scrubbing away in the same aid room. CHIAmLEsLEbvER AND NIXON'e lMULE.---Anincbi dent with the hnarriers established Lover's charactse for pluck, if not for horsemanship. Nixon was the possessor of a mule whose services he placed at the dis posal of his friends, but the mount was always accepted with misgivings, for the animal was the most viciousof her tribe. The operation of grooming could only be conducted with safety to life and limb by the restraint of an iran-barred muzzle, and with a fore leg tied up. Bridling and saddling and mounting were man aged from a loft above, and the animal was backed into the open, and not freed from restraint until a clear stage was reached, where man and mule might try conclusions as to mastery. This was no child's play, for the brute's nose would seem to touch the ground, while ito heels appeared high up in the air. When these preliminaries were safely got through, thera was usually peace for the rest of the day, for once fairly started, the animal seemed to like the work, and she was fleet, sure-footed, had the activity of a cat, and followed sport with the keenness of a dog. A pause, however, or a lull in the amussment was always dangerous ; she would have time to remember her vices, and recommence their practice. The movement was commonly stern foremost, the hind legs. flourishing im advance in a manner that meant mis chief. In this fashion on one occasion, Lever being the rider, a farmhouse was entered, such slight ob stacles as chairs and tables being easily kicked aside. A " dresser," the pride of the family, with its furniture of crockery, was dislodged from its fastenings by these formidable heels, and fell to the ground, with plates, and dishes, mugs and pet ringers, scattered and shattered. Many were the devices that were tried, but failed, to get rid of the intruder, until at last, to secure oviction, the strong measure of igniting hushes of furzo under and behind the animal was resorted to. When Lever emerged from the smoke, still mounted, he was greeted with loud cheers, and, with the assent of a chorus of sponsors, the animal previously called Blazes was re-christened "Knock-a-crockery" in memory of the evont. TUniversity .lfagazinc. GmtNDINc rpE BEAc..--On a calm day when only little wavelets curl on the shore you cannot easily judge what the sea really does in the way of grinding down the beach and tho bottom of the cliffs, justasyou could not form a proper notion of the work of a brook merely by seeing it lIzily creeping along its bed in a season of drought. But place yourselves near a cliff during a storm, and you will not need any further ex planation as to the power of the waves to grind downi even the hardest rocks. Iach hugo breaker as it comes tossing and toasming up the beach lifts up the 'stones lying there and dashes them against the base of the cliff where itbursts intoepray. As the green seeth ing water rushes back again to make way for the next wave, you can hear, even perhaps miles away, the harsh roar of the gravel as the stones grate and grind on each other while thoey are dragged down the beach, only to be anew caught up and swept once more towards the base of the cliff. You could not conceive of a more powerful mill for poundinj down roeks and converting their fragmeits into well-worn gravel and sand. Just as in the channel of every otream so along the shoresof every sea you meet with the fra-nmenteof the rooks of the liird in all sboges of destruction, from Sthe big angular black dowi to tthe linest sand and mud.-- Geolog. us, lrceibahld Geikic. A BosTOn paper notes that a dry goods firm in ithat city ', ias engulphed in tlhe financial aea." It was sieepmt awavs by the ragiiig billers. " A IAI court record," remarkeod a coquette, rs she vrote the naume of hler sixteenth rejected lover iu boo hrio. A DUeal in Pari is called a "l'schutt," and occasio'll'ly t dule in the United States is carried homo " Yors can' m elto a silk purse out of yonr cues iore,,' miuitterd Iisniucrk, so lie sigiied the elict hii nme- utw. lie is srehC ieB cmi tell islwich way- thie i ilt wiill bl o .i m.sn, " t a 31r. 31 1 at homt e " Cautious .hIei' ti: ,,1 "eosr'ai, I s~leet knowse see, liii I go isi' is? 