FREE TRADE RECIPROCITY V. PROTECTIVE RECIPROCITY. It is sometimes asserted that Reciprocity is a step towards Free -Trade; and it is sometimes also said . that a Reciprocity Treaty with another country would be the means of extending the area of Protec tionism. Each of these propositions is true in a certain sense, i.e., in the sense given to the term 'reciprocity ' by those who respectively use it. If the term is only used in one sense, then it is evident I that both propositions cannot be true, for the one is substantially a direct contradic tion of the other. If by Reciprocity is understood an arrangement or treaty, by means of which each contracting country agrees to admit certain products or manufactures of the other, free of dutyi and there is nothing more — no agreement for the maintenance of differential duties or other restrictions on commerce by either party then such a treaty may be regarded as a step towards free trade. Consumers are benefitted by such an arrangement, be cause there is then at least some part of the world from which they can import the articles they require free of duty, and there is nothing to restrict their country from allowing the importation of similar articles from other parts, also free of duty. But if, on the making of such a treaty it is stipulated by the one country that the other, while admitting certain of its productions duty free, shall restrict or prohibit the importation of similar articles trom other parts by the imposition of duties, then such a treaty would be an extension of the area of Protectionism. Suppose for instance that the protectionist manufacture *s of Vic'oria (who are n-w at their wits end to find a profitable market, seeing that their own is over done) and the protectionist farmers of Tasmania should put their heads together and argue thus— 'We are heavily pro tected in our respective countries, and have been for a great many years, and we canpot make our businesses pay : bat if ire could get larger markets with the same prices, those on the one side could manufacture on a larger scale at a lower cost, and those on the other side could grow more grain at a somewhat lower rate, and if we could maintain the ?ame prices we should make good profits! even if we could not get a little more pro- ' tection. We have to look after Number j One, and need not trouble our consciences ; about the interests of consumers. What j we have to see to, is to keep up the prices of the articles we have to sell. In order j to do this we must arrange that while Tasmania admits Victorian slop goods duty free, she shall impose the tame duty on such goods imported from other partsas Victoria does ; and on the other hand, Victoria, while admitting Tasmanian grain duty free, must impose at least as heavy a duty as Tasmania does on grain imported from the rest of the world. This will help to keep up prices, and we shall be happy. It is not of the least consequence to us that Tasmanian im porters and clothiers may have to compete at a disadvantage with Vic torian slop - sellers, or that Victorian farmers may have to compete with Tas manian graingrowers. We need not care for other Protectionists any more than we do for consumers. We have only to look after our noble selves.' This would be delightful for the Protectionists thug protected, but it would be regarded from a a liferent point of view by other cl&BBes; of Protectionists. And the consumers (on each side of the Straits) of reciprocity articles, .which were thus subject to differential duties, would be very likely — unless they belonged to the puzzl^^eaded crowd — to say that they could not see what benefit they, or their respective countries, could gain by imposing differential duties for the benefit of pro ducers or manufacturers on the opposite side. We are in favor of reciprocity without differential duties, or, in other words, we are in favor of Free Trade Reciprocity, and that is all that we can understand by #l Fair Trade ' properly so called. In his recent admirable work, Protection or Free Trade, that brilliant and popular writer, Henry George, speak ing of «' Fair Traders,' says : — ' There iB a certain class of American Protectionists who concede that Free Trade is good in itself, but who Bay that we cannot safely adopt it until all other nations have adopted it, or until all other nations have come up to our standard of civilisation ; or, as it is sometimes phrased, until the millenium has come and men have ceased to struggle for their own interests as opposed to the interests of others. And so British Protectionists have now assumed the name of 'Fair Traders.' They have ceased to deny the essential goodness of Free Trade, but contend that so long as other countries maintain protective tariffs. Great Britain, in self defence, should maintain a protective tariff too, at least against countries that refuse to admit British productions free. The fallacy underlying most of these American excuses for protection, is the fallacy that the country of low wages can undersell the country of high wages ; bnt there is also mixed with this the notion to which British fair traders appeal — that the abolition of duties by any country is to the advantage, not of the people of that country, but to the people of the other countries that are thus given free access to its markets. * Is not the fact that British manufacturers desire the abolition of our protective tariff a proof tbat we ought to continue it V ask American pro tectionists. c Is it flnf*. ft Rninilal nnlira to give foreigners free access to our markets while they refuse us access to theirs 7 cry British fair traders. All these notions are forms of the delusion, that to export is more profitable than to import.' . To illustrate : ine taritt which we have so long maintained upon iron to pre vent our people from exchanging their products for British iron has un questionably lessened our trade with Great Britain. But the effect upon the United States has been very much more 'njurious than the effect npon Great Britain. While it has lessened our trade absolutely, it has lessened the trade of Great Britain only with us. What Great Britain has lost in this curtailment of her trade with us, she has largely made up in the consequent expansion of her trade elsewhere. For the effect of duties on iron and iron ore, and of the system of which they are part, has been so to in crease the cost of American productions as to give to Great Britain the greater part of the carrying trade of the world, for which we were her principal com petitor, and to hand over to her the trade of South America, and of other countries, of which, but for this we should have had the largest share. And in the same way for any other nation to restrict the freedom of its own citizens to trade, ' because other nations so restrict the free dom of their citizens, is a policy of the ' biting off one's nose to spite one's face' order. Other nations may injure us by ' the imposition of taxes which tend to impoverish their own citizens, for, as denizens of the world, it is to our real interest that all other denizens of the world should be prosperous. But no other nation can thus injure us so much as we can injure ourselves if we impose similar taxes npon our own citizens by way of retaliation. Suppose that a farmer, who has an improved variety of potatoes, learns i hat a neighbour has wheat of such superior kind that it will yield many more bushels to the acre than that he has been sowing. He might natu rally go to his neighbour and offer to exchange seed potatoes for seed wheat. But if the neighbour, while willing to sell the wheat should refuse to buy the potatoes, would not our farmer be a fool to declare, 'i Since you will not buy my superior potatoes, I will not buy your superior wheat ! ' Would it not be very stupid retaliation for him to go on planting poorer seed and getting poorer crops '1 Or, suppose, isolated from the rest of mankind, half a dozen men so situated and so engaged that mutual convenience constantly prompts them to exchange productions with one another. Suppose five of these six to be under the dominion of some curious superstition which leads them, when they receive anything in exchange, to burn one half of it up before carrying home the other half. This would in directly be to the injury of the sixth man, because by thus lessening their own wealth his five neighbors would lessen their ability to exchange with him. But would he be better himself If he were to say : — ' Since these fools will insist upon burning half of all they get in exchange, I must, in self-defence, follow their example and burn half of all I get V The constitution and scheme of things in this world, in which we find ourselveB for a few years, is such that no one can do either good or evil for himself alone. No one can release himself fromtheinfluenceof his surroundings, and say, 4 What others do is nothing to me ?' nor yet can any one say, 'What I do is nothing to others.' Nevertheless, it is the tendency of things, that he who does good mos^ profits by it, and he who does evil injures, most of all, himself ; and those who say that a nation should adopt a policy essen tially bad, because other nations have em- j braced it, are as unwise as those who say, ! ' Lie, beciuse others are false ; be idle, because others are lazy ; refuse know ledge, because others are ignorant.' We have quoted thus largely from Henry George's valuable work, and Bhould lik6 to quote more did our space allow. We must content ourselves, however, at present with extracting the noble passage I with which he concludes it. 'Here is] the conclusion of the whole matter ; that we should do unto others as we would have them do to us — that we should re spect the rights of others as scrupulously as we would have our own rights re spected, is 'not a mere counsel of perfec tion to individuals, but it is the law to which we must conform social institutions and national policy if we would secure the blessings of abundance and peace.' We have advocated Reciprocity as a step towards Free Trade, and Bhall continue to do so, but it must be Free Trade Reci procity and not Protective Reciprocity. Although, on its introduction, it may have the effect of freeing any particular class o^ articles imported from one country from duty, while similar articles imported from another country are left for the moment subject to duty, it muBt be understood that the difference is to be reduced, and finally abolished as soon as the exigencies | of the revenue will permit. Though we hold that it would be better by far to ?tart on a Free Trade footing, without differential duties on articles from other countries. Our late Premier, when asked whether the proposed treaty with Victoria would in any way commit the Government of this colony to the maintenance of the differentiation of duties which would be caused by the treaty coming into opera tion, replied that it certainly would not, but that the colony would be perfectly free to m ike whatever arrangements for promoting greater freedom in trade with other colonies it might think fit ; and this avowal on his part disarmed much of the opposition which would otherwise have been directed against the treaty. We are glad to see that the cause of Free Trade is not likely to suffer in this colony for the want of able and energetic sup port. We have long noted with satisfac tion the series of powerful and convincing articles which have appeared in the Hobart Mercury in vindication of the advanced views of modern Freetraders, and we are glad to observe that an able writer whoBe initials, ' A. J.O.,' are well known, and some of whose letters have occasionally appeared in our columns, has taken in hand Mr Ivey, of Hobart, who has lately been giving the public the benefit of his views on Free Trade, Reci procity, and Protection. Mr Ivey is one of those who call themselves Freetraders, apparently without knowing what ?' Free Trade' means, and his first letter presented him in such a questionable shape, that it mystified ' A.J.O.,' as it did ourselves. He could not make it out, and waited for another. This was not long in coming ; then ' A.J.O.' had no doubt, and went for Mr Ivey. His letter appears in the supplement to Saturday's Mercury , and he has certainly performed the operation of disaecting a 'professing' Freetrader in an exceedingly neat and masterly way. He has not only dissected his subject, but has literally turned hiia inside out, and exposed his utter and absolute hollowness. We should think that Mr Ivey must feel rather uncomfortable, but must leave him to recover as best he may. We have some avowed Protectionists on this side of the colony who sail under their true colors, and for them we can feel some respect, but we have not the least for those who fly their real opponents' flag. The session of parliament which com mences to-morrow, opens five weeks later than the session of last year, and it ended its labors on the 5th December. Allowing the new session of the new Parliament to be prolonged up to the 15th December — close enough upon Christmas — the session will still be a brief one for the large amount of work 1 promised and expected. The new mem bers have mostly all made promises to - their constituents of district improve ments, either before or since their elec tion, which they are bound in honor to attempt to carry into effect. The old | members, having been before their con stituents for re-election, are also pretty ! heavily laden with similar promises, and Ministers have held out hopes to deputa tions of aid to numerous localities. Con sequently, in addition to new measures and amending bills to be introduced including the bill for substituting capital for annual value in the assessment of property, the debates on the financial statement, on the public works statement, and on the re port of that very unsatisfactory and severely 'keel-hauled report of the Royal Commission on Railways and Public Works, there will be but little time to spare for mere factious obstruction. During the progress of the general elec tion for the House of Assembly our con temporaries were pleased to brand the caudidates, and afterwards the members elect, as Ministerialists, Oppositionists, or Independents. We declined to classify either candidates or representatives in that manner, as we gave the Wiiole thirty - six members credit for independence to the extent of meeting Parliament un shackled arid free. Members who are capable of binding themselves to become thick and thin supporters or factious obstructionists of any Ministry, are unfit for the high position of representatives of the electors, who hope they have secured men who will deal with all questions on their merits and in regard to their pro bable advantage to the colony, and not as occasions for entering upon party warfare. If there are many fighting men amongst the three dozen elected ' forthe despatch of business,' the wordy strife will sadly interfere with ' private members' nights.' Thursday evening in each week is set apart for the purpose of allowing mem bers to bring forward motions of which they may have given notice, but frequently the Thursday evening is encroached on by mere urgent business or prolonged debates. Only sixteen of those private members' nights can possibly be avail able from the opening of Parliament until the I5th December, and that number is pretty sure to be cur tailed by circumstances over which ] even Parliament can have but little con trol. If, therefore, members mean to keep faith with their constituents by securing time to place before Parliament in a clear light, the wants of their several districts, and to show how com pliance with their requests will tend to the progress and permanent benefit of the colony, they must be prepared to hus band the time of the session carefully, and to put their feet down firm on the professional windbags of the House, who are noW pretty Well known. Parliament is to be opened to-tnorrow by. Commis sion, and the ceremony and swearing in of the whole of the members will occupy considerable time. It is usual to give the youngest member of the Souse the op portunity of moving the Address -in-reply to the Governor's speech, but on this oc casion, all the members having been elected on the same day, it will be diffi cult to find out the junior. The honor will no doubt bo the privilege of some one of the sixteen new members — Messrs. P Barrett, H. Conway, A. Crisp, H. R. Dumaresq, C. B. M. Fen ton, G. J. Fitzgerald, J. Hart, S. Hawkes, W. St. Hill, G. F. Huston, N. E. Lewis, C. J. Mackenzie, H. B. Mugliaton, David Scott, E. H. Sutton, and Dr. Young. Hugo's Buffalo Minstrels. — The re turn of this welcome company iB hailed with delight by the musical community of Launceston. The season which is announced to extend for six nights only, : commences this evening at the Academy of Music, and doubtless a full house will repay the revisit of these old favorites. Miss Priscilla Verne, who made herself such an exceptional favorite on her previous visit ; Chas. Hugo, and . Dave Gardner, are still connected with the company, and several additions of the cleverest artists procurable have been made to the previously strong list i The scenery to be used during the season has been painted expressly for Mr Hugo by celebrated scenic artists in Australia. A new drop scene (Carnarvon Castle), painted for the late lessee, Mr Tom Sul livan, will also be brought into requisi tion for the first time. : False Axaem. — At half-past 7 on Saturday evening intelligence was received at the Fire Brigade Station that a fire was in course of progress at the establishment lately occupied by Messrs. M'Phail and Weymouth, Brisbane-street. The alarm wm immediately given by the Brisbane street bell, and the members of the Fire Brigade, with their appliances, were quickly on the spot ; but fortunately their services were not required, it being a false alarm. It appears that some workmen were employed in cleansing the floors of j the building, in preparation for its new occupant, and a number of nail-cans, filled with coke and wood, were converted into a drying apparatus. The smoke arising from these cans emerged in a dense volume from an aperture in the top of the iron shutters, and, judging from outside appearances, the person giving the alarm was amply justified in doing so. Tasmanian Aoricoltoeal and Pas tor u. Association.— The usual interest shown by exhibitora in connection with the approaching Bhow of this association is now being manifested, and the committee are sanguine of another good exhibition, weather, of coutse, being piopitious. A fairly attended committee meeting was held on Saturday afternoon, Mr T. Hogarth in the chair, when a new section was added to the programme already pub lished, viz. : — For best pair of buggy horses over 14 hands and under 15*2, °an advertisement showing this, appears in another column. Gentlemen to act as judges were chosen, and the secretary was instructed to ascertain if they would kindly consent to act . The attendance of several committee men having been some what irregular and contrary to the rules, rendering^ their seats vacant, it was re solved to infuse new blood by the appoint ment of two or three new men, and it is to be hoped that all will work harmoni ously; together for the benefit of what should certainly be one of the premier as sociations of its kind in the colony. A i canvass committee was appointed to assist the secretary in getting in the annual sub scriptions, which are now due. His Ex ' cellency is to be asked to declare show i day a half holiday in Launceston, and tenders are to be invited for supplying the usual committee and judges' luncheon on the ground, it having heretofore been pro i vided at some distance from the show yards, which has been felt to be an incon venience. The printing of the catalogue, with right of adverti -irig in same, is on this occasion to be let by tender. The Government Plans op West Coast. — We have received from the Sec retary of Mines a lithograph sketch plan of the West Coast, showing the King River and Mount Lyell Goldfields, and also a pian showing the surveyed sections in the vicinity of King River, the latter compiled and drawn from surveys. The map of the West Coast auriferous regions is an improvement upon Mr Gould's sketch map, published in 1862. It is issued with the sanction of the Hon. the Minister of Lands and Works as a sketch plan only,. for the guidance of prospectors; the features of the country not being from actual survBy, its accuracy is not guaran teed. The sketch map of the West CoaBt and the plan of surveyed sections at King River contain information valu able to all visiting or interested in the auriferous deposits on the West Coast. The plans are now obtainable at all mining offices throughout the colony at a shilling each. Blue Ribbon Meeting. — The usual meeting was held at the Wharf Mission Hall, William -street-, on Thursday even ing, when there was a good attendance. Mr Marshall, Town Missionary, occupied the chair, jand after opening the meeting, called _ for experiences' from thoBe who had signed, the pledge. A number of men. and women rose in different parts of the room and testified to the benefits they had derived by signing the pledge and adopting total abstinence principles. The proceedings were varied by solo and congregatiopal singing, and several recita tions.' An excellent address was delivered by Mr Lake, the result being, that five new members came forward and donned the blue. The meeting was closed by singing 'Sowing and Reaping,' and with prayer.' Union Athletic Association. — A com mittee meeting of the above association was hpld on Friday night at the Royal lasman Hotel. The following programme was arranged for the meeting, to be held on the Launceston Cricket Ground on October 2 : — Sheffield Handicap, value £6 ; Hurdle Race, £3 10s ; Mile Race, £2 10s. Full information in regard to entry, nomination, etc.. will be found in our advertising columns. Launceston and Western Railway. —During the late wet weather the ap proaches to the L. and VV. terminus on either side of the Tamar Bridge were almost ankle deep in mud, and it is to be hoped that the road will be repaired with as little delay as possible, in order to pre vent a recurrence of the nuisance. The asphalt platform at the railway station would be improved if the 'puddle-lioles' we'-- filled in. 1 rain Mx Ms. — Messrs. Bath and C F. Shpard pp.fiirnod oa Saturday. The Hon. W. Moore. M.L.C., left by mail for Hobart on Saturday night. The City Footballers re turned- by ..mail from the capital yesterday morning. Launceston Liedertatei. — The 'Smoke Concert,' to be given by the members of the Launceston Lie^ertafe( in the Cornwall Assembly Rooms to-morrow evening, promises to be a great success, and those persons who intend being pre sent and have not yet obtained their tickets, had better make early application for them. The greatest nourishing tonic, appetiser, strengifcener, and curative on earth. Hop Bitters jnade only by American Co; See Pastor (jEokftE SoiTAU.— Thif gentle man) who has been appointed as paBtor of the Temple, Wellington-street, arrived with his family in Melbourne on Satur day in the Orient Co.'s R.M.&. Iberia, from London. Pastor Soltau will Stay in Melbourne until Thursday next, when he leaves for Launceston in the s.s. Flinders, which is expected to arrive at the Queen's Wharf about 10 '30 a.m. on Friday. A reception to Pastor Soltau and farewell meeting to Mrs Baeyertz will be held on Friday evening next in the Temple, commencing at 7'30. Some addresses will be delivered, and the public are invited to attend. Pigeon Match. — By advertisement it will be seen that a pigeon match will be held at the Prince of Wales Hotel, Carrick, on the 2nd of September. Nomi nations close on the 28th inst. Police Court. — There was a clean charge-sheet at the Police Court on Satur day. Intercolonial Items*— In tile Morpeth Police Court, N S.W., on August 11, Henry Miller was committed for trial at the next Maitland Quarter Sessions, on a charge of having attempted to commit an outrage upon Mary Ellen Gray, while travelling by train from East Maitland to Morpeth on Monday night, Atlgust 9 — In the Queensland Assembly last week, the Colonial Secretary said that the native tribes in some parts of that colony were dying out from the effects of opium smoking, — A miner named Patrick Hinckey, while working on the Grant claim, Ravens wood, Q., fired a charge of dynamite. As no explosion followed, he went to ascertain the cause, when the charge exploded, shattering his face and arm, and destroying the sight of one eye. — An inquest was held on August 7, in the South Sydney Morgue, by the city coroner, on the body of a man named John M'Phail, which was found on Augnst 6 floating in the harbor near Pyrmont Bridge. Evidence of identifica tion. and with respect to finding of the body, was heard, after which the jury re turned an open verdict. — Mr Gillies (the Premier of Victoria) has again communi cated with the Premier of New South Wales asking whether another effort should not be made to obtain admission of Australiaa wools into the United States of America under more favorable condi tions than at present.— The rabbits in the north-western district of Victoria have so greatly decreased in numbers as to be con sidered harmless i It appears that very few are breeding yet. No doubt they suffered from the drought as well as other animals. Wild dogs are apparently in creasing in number, it being said that they are still troublesome, more plentiful and bolder than ever. Dog-proof fences are beyond the means of farmers to provide ; so they are obliged to house their sheep. A Doubtful Compliment. — Sir Samuel Wilson, the defeated of Bucks, has found a seat at Portsmouth, displacing Mr Vanderbyl. Among the brief biographical sketches of successful candidates iu the Pall Mail Gaiette we find the following : — Hughenden has brought good fortune to its new owner. Sir Samuel Wilson has at last attained the object of his ambition, and writes MP. after his name. A colonial ' big bug ' himself, he has ousted another, for Mr Vanderbyl, the Minis terialist candidate, is an Australian Vanderbilt, though less famous than Sir Samuel. Born in 1832, at Ballycloughan, county Antrim, one of the six sons of his father, Sir Samuel (he was plain Samuel, and poor Samuel in those days), emigrat ed, like other Irishmen have done, from Erin's Isle. His Celtic acuteness enabled him in time to become a leading member of the great Australian squattocracy — gentlemen to whom a few hundred thousand acres are neither here nor there. They bought, when land was worth a song or a stick of tobacco. To-day they reap the fruits of their sagacity. So Mr Wilson prospered, and two Victorians were kind to him. One helped him on to wealth, the other knighted him, and he arose Sir Samuel, much to his delight. Some day his wealth may float him into a happy land where troubles cease and elections are no more. Well known in Australia, lie found himself an obscurity in London, and, after casting about for a time, procured a great personal advertise ment by buying the retreat of Burke and Beaconsfield, which resulted in ' pars' of which Barnum might have been proud. By this means he hoisted himself above the public, but he is still dangling. Portsmouth has now given him what he would call, in his happy colonial phrase ology, a ' leg up.' He plays the host on an extensive scale, and endeavors to feed himself into vogue. But if Dizzy's ghost ever walks the long corridors of the Hughenden Manor House, he might whisper to Sir Samuel that 'manners makytn man as well as gold, in time. Sir Samuel will develop into a tolerable party hack. He is gregarious as his own sheep. A Modern Sinbad's Mount.— The iron tower which is to form the chief attrac tion of the Paris Exhibition of 1889 is already beginning to fill the Parisian mind with apprehension ; and a savant explains in the Moniteur the curious phenomena which will be produced by this immense mass of iron rising to a height of 300 metres. He says that the enormous blocks of iron running north and south will become polarised, and that this polarisation will soon invade the whole column. Then, who know whether the four lifts with their continual friction will not increase the magnetic influence a hundred-fold? In this case all articles for a mile round will be attracted to the tower, and will adhere to it as a needle does to a magnet. If the troops quartered in the Ecole Militaire, hard by, be called out to drill, it will be all in vain for the officer to shout ' En aixiut !' if they are paraded with the column behind them ; they will irresistibly be drawn to the rear, with the exception of the drummer, who does not carry a rifle. All the houses in Paris will suffer from a St Vitus' dance, and, gradually attracted towards the Champ de Mars, will find themselves stuck to the tower. As for locomotives entering Paris, it will be found impossible to stop them at the various termini ; they will rush through Paris and dash them selves to pieces against the centre of attraction. These and other evils, we are told, will follow the erection of the great Eiffel tower ; but then the Moniteur is opposed to the anniversaiy of the capture of the Bastille being observed, and may have exaggerated the conse quences. 