SPOUTING GOSSIP. (Br VINDEX.) Some of my randers may ask themselvc why Vindex should week after week g on yarning about sporting matters in colony where sport as it exists els* where is practically .unknown. I will te! them. In doing what he eau ia promol mg the practice of health and 6trengtl giving games, any man, I consider, is no only ministering to bis own tastes but h ie at the 'same time doing a service to hi country. The existence of the Britisl Empire in its present colossal proportion ia, I maiutaiu, more dependent upon th spirit that drives our youths to practic football, cricket, ruuning,rowing,and otbe games than upon the wiles of diplomac; or the wisdom of great statesmen Stamp out that spirit and at once thor vanishes into thin air the ghost of Brit ish greatness. Nourish it, encourage il and ne combination of earthly forces, n blunders of politicians will caus tlie vast empire of England eves to totter. Ic is this store of superflou energy which in manhood gets its veatu commercial enterprise, in .thu manufactory . in colonization, in exploration, in science and in art. If a philosopher were askec to point out the secret of England'/ greatness, he would not place his finge: upon ber navy, her armies, or her states \- «nen ; but upon the cricketing ground, the running track, the rowing course, auc the football fields. That the great JDuki of Wellington acknowledged this wai pointed out by His Excellency thc Governor recently in his speech to th« Fremantle Grammar School boys^_Th« battle of Waterloo, the old duke used tc say, was won upon the cricket field, ol " Eton, tf the rise of England has been \- owing to her yontb being devoted tc athletics, ber colonie» are dependent foi r. their prosperity upon the same source. It is the duty, therefore, of men of powei and influence, and also of tho newspapei ;jthat aims at promoting the public welfare, ' ito .encourage in every passible way the fractice of athletic sports. This, per aps, will all sound rather high falutin tc «finie of my readers. I am sure that few of us, wheu we are looking at a cricket match, regard the matter ia the light of "philosophy. We go there as players or . spectators, simply out of love of the thing. I Would not have introduced such -, diy: matter auder the beading of spurting j^OBsip, did I not feel that there are men «f influence amongst us who look upon athletic games as simply passing amuse- ments for the young. V : ; BOOB it sot seem an a nomaly that public . tnoney ia the shape of Queen's guineas should be annually given for the purpose ; ot encouraging the breeding of good horses while not a penny is spent in sup. port of those games which help to keep ; tip the physical standard of the English race. This does not arise. I hope, as the outcome of Dean S wife's contrast between the flbuhynhuis and£he Yahoos, io the ?debasement of the latter. The people in power are not asked to do for the orick \ ^igi. s, footballers, and athletes generally anything that they can possibly do for -: themseh es. What is simply asked ie ibat ¿ aplace of recreation fit for the purposes ^to.vvhich it is devoted should be provided ? foi the citizens of Perth. The present recreation ground is neither suitable nor l£rge enough. The situation is an admir '^ablepne, bat a sight of its condition ' for a ^ -cricket ground would, I fancy, make such ; »en as W. G> Graceaud Murdoch hold up " their hand« in horror. Were this matter ^placed before the members cf the CouBcil taits proper light, I feel confident that ; «bey would give it due consideration. It 4wouid be impossible, I imagine, for them iodo any thing in the matter this year, ' tout agitation and a petition promoted at the right time at a later date might result "ioa^gOod round sam being pot upon the estimates for next year, or perhaps upon "alean schedule for the improvement of .tbe.iiecreation Ground. The members . of the Council are, most of them, now that the bugbear of publie rights has van- ished, Jiearlily in favour of doing what % they can for the local athletes. The re- laying of the recreation ground with soil \- «nd cbvèring with sods or sowing aireBh with couch grass would not, of course, píspense with the necessity of the Crick- eting Association having its leased pitch iThe best turf that waa ever found ^dra-j^ketrag purposes required care and ^Mtteution to adapt it as a bowling pitch. i ; Tbe match between the Fremantle 0.0. and the Perth CO. -was an interesting . affair. ' Though the Fremantle men won ..«aBily by fifty run«, the teams were more .evenly matched than these figures repre- sent. Taken as a whole, the fielding was , «mart on both sides, but when a near ' tiling ms on seme oE the men seemed to 'become a little excited, and failed to r» , turneas quickly and truly ea they might ¿nure done. For the visitors W. Bask, L£n«^àpfai% fieldéd:itt>'eaatiful style at y slip, .while a- ball rarely passed 4& G. B. ^^Bcnat íp^t. :Herbext Ittsfled-: well, bat bateman was not in the form which he displayed in the mateh against M.G.O. For Perth, Bandell bowled well, but Angove was scarcely effective. One feature in the Fremantle innings was the fact that the batsmen played the ball well down, rarely giving a chance to the fielders, and, indeed, they were all either bowled or run out. The strength of the Fremantle team was decidedly in its bats- men, of whom Back, J ose, Mason, Bate, man, and Saw all showed good form. For the Perth O.C. Gamson played almost faultlessly for 16 in the first innings and 37 in the second. He bas a free action, always knows how each ball should be played, and is keen at his work. He ia certainly the prettiest bat that 1 have seen oa the Becreation Ground. C. Bishop, too, plays a sound game, and his score for 38 in the first innings did not in- clude a single chance to the field. Hussey did not come off in the first innings, but in the secoud he batted in smart stylo for 23. The remainder of the Perth batsmen did only moderately. A match which will attract a good deal of attention will be be that between the M.C.C. and the Perth O.G. Upon the recent form of both taams.it should prove a close contest. H. G. B. Mason, who until recently belonged to the ranks of the M.C.C. has resigned his membership of that club and gone over to the Fremantle CO. His retirement must prove a decided loss to the former club, which is in need of a few cricketers of Mr. Mason's stamp. During the past few days some letters have appeared, in the columns of th* West Australian anent the disputed de- cease of the Rowing Club. Like others, I had thought that the movement for the establishment of a rowing club had died a natural death, hat it seems that it still exist«. There is no reason whatever why a prosperous rowing club should not be Eromoted at Perth. But the committee ave, I fanoy, not gone the right way to make rowing popular here. They have put upa nice boathouse with a suitable landing place, but as regards the boats they have not spent their meaty well. The only craft they have are two four oared boats-one with a broad, and the other with a Darrow beam. Four-oared boats are all very well tu their way, but there was never a rowing club establish- ed successfully with only such craft. I may be allowed to speak with some force on this subjeet, as I have been connected with rowing clubs elsewhere.and have seen a great deal of both professional and ama- teur souliing and rowing. The usual stock of boats for a rowing club consists of a couple of racing skiffs such as those used by Hanlan and Beach, half a dozen 22ft outriggers with about 12 itches ¡ beam, a couple of pair oars, a couplo j of double scullers, and two or more j four-oared boats: I have noticed that there was always a greater demand for the use of the 22ft. outriggers than for ! the larger boats. The reason for this was that if a man wished to have a spin he could simply go to the -boathouse, carry out his own craft and take his seat in her. In that case there wa« no hunting up of members to make a crew. It would not be necessary for the Perth Club to have half a dozen of these boats at first, but it should not possess less than four of them. Four such boats could be purchased f .o.b. Londonf or something under £50 the lot. I am unable to state definitely tho price at which they could be bought, but hope shortly to be able to do so. Some time ago, on hearing of "the high prices paid by the Club for boats got from tke East- ern Colonies, I wrote to England askiug for quotations for all classes of craft. I have not yet received a reply, but expeot, to do so hy an early mail and will then place what information I possess at the service of the Committee of the Club. Another drawback to the success oi the Perth Bowing Club is the high charge that is made for admission to membership. This charge I believe is three guineas and the annual subscription one guinea. On these terms they cannot hope to obtaiu a large number of members ; and it is a matter for consideration whether a moderate entrance fee would not . with an increased membership bring in the greater income. An attempt is being made to put a little ' more life into yachting on the Swan. Mr. W. E. Victor has during the past week or so been, convassing the members with a view to the promotion of a handicap sweepstakes to be brought off shortly. The handicap will be made on a fixed basis, time start more or IOBS per foot being allowed to the smaller boats. ¡ The proposal has beau received with great j favour, and it is probable that a dozen { boats will compete. The President, Mr. j Gugeri, has been requisitioned to author- i isa the proposed race, and there is no j doubt that gentleman will do so in the , interests of yachting. There is ne reason why a compétition of this sort should not-, take place each month» - "i Returning to the old subject of the bathing house, I have found an unanswer- able argument in favor of constructing a suitable one for " gentlemen." It was recently announced in the City Council that during the whole of Tuesday the bathing house was set apart for the use of ladies. Anyone who happened to be in the neighbourhood of the bathing house last Tuesday must admit that the ladies make good use of their opportunity. At dix in the morning there were a score of them waiting for admission and during the whole of the day bathing was in full swing. The veteran who has charge of the bathing house declares that there were at least fifty of them in the water at one time. Ho evidently does not eare for his duties on "Lady day" as they consist simply of prowling around tho end of the gangway. It might not bo inadrisablo to place a woman in charge of tho bathing house on the Tuesday. A better plan would be to erect another bathing house for the use of men aud give the present one over to the ladies entirety. In order to cover the expenses of erection and care-taking, the Council might issue season tickets or maka a small charge at the door. There ie no racing news to hand of any moment but we must shortly bu hear- ing something about several of the bureos that will compete at Perth and York meetings. A game that has not found its way yet into Perth, but which is highly popu- lar in England and in tke Eastern Colon ies.iaJaowIing. It is a game not so much for th» young mau aa he that is too stiff or too stont for cricket. It is a game par excellence for city councillors and leg- islators, staid tradesmen and overworked professional mea. It requires, however, i a lawn as even as a billiard table aud that ! is exactly what is not to be found in the public grounds of Perth. In every large city or tonn inhabited by Englishmen, scores of bowling greens are established. I In every park in England thore are two ! or three at least and the players pay a small charge per hour for the uae of the bowls. Scores of men,mauy of them well up in years, may be seen any afternoon or evening playing the game and finding a keen pleasure in it. It is essentially a hot weather game, as it does not call for any great exertion. I am certain that if a elub were to open a green in Perth ou private or public ground, tho gaino would soon become very popular. To the on looker who has not tried the game it seems very simple, but the fact that each bowl kus a strong bias calls for the dis- play of a considerable amount of calcula- tion and skill. A writer in the Colonies and India says :-" We suppose Victoria would be very angry with us if wo were not to share her enthusiasm in respect of tho Cup Day. Well, we do ; but, for the life of as, we cannot see how the Argus can expect people in England to read, some- thing like twelve columns of descriptive matter in order to come to a right appre- ciation ot the delights and pleasures of that day. Obviously, we can spare but little space for what that journal has to Bay about it. It seems, thon, that the Cup was run for by a splendid field of thirty-five horses, was won in the shortest ; time on record, and that " if only both writers had been on thc grouud-"Dar- ley," of Bailey's Magazine, and Mr. E. M. Curr, the veteran Victorian inspector of stoek-they might have settled their little differences about tho Australian thoroughbred. The authority in the Eng- lish paper " describes Australian racers as ** spindle-shanked, upright-pasterued, flat-sided, and longbacked;" they have ¡ " English faults in an exaggerated form," and they can neither " go so fast nor keep it up as long" as the parent stock; whereas the experienc- ed Victorian inspector of stock, after modestly admitting detects, it is said, insista that the Australian horse is drag- ged down by English importations. In Australia the Bheep attains its finest fleece, tho ox its heaviest weight, and tho horse ita grandest development. Under such circumstances, the Chief Inspector declares that it must be bad policy to introduce artificially-reared animals from non-congenial climes. The world, Mr. Curr argues, hos not seen the real horse as yet, but only a quadruped called a horse. Tho real thing will be produced to an admiring globe when the foroiguer is shut out, and Australia is allowed to do justice ti» herself. Between the de- tractor and the enthusiast an average may safely be struck. It tells against Mr. Curr that the siro of tho Cup winner was an imported horse, and that the best animals in the race, such as Nordenfelt and Trenton, were also the progeny of an imported sire. The prow- ess of the visitors from New Zealand caused the loss of Musket to be more than ever regretted. On the other hand, tilter* was the striking fact that au aged Australian horse, such as Sheet Anchor who lau done a world of work in nat' rae.ee, ia hurdle races, and in steeple Lchaaes, can be brought out sound tn wind. and limb to run two miles in 3 minutes 29£ seconds. It seems the Australian, though not so enthusiastic as Mr. Corr, believes in the native horse. If tbr Hon. J. White carries out his declared intention of nominating some Australian thoroughbreds for the Epsom Derby, there would be more populaar ex- citement about the result than there was even about the contests between Grace's team and Murdoch's eleven at the Oval, and between Beach and Hanlan .over the Parramatta course. 