" OÜRMáLÍiñURNE-LADIES' ! LETTER. We have been favoured with thoroughly enjoyable weather all through the spring holidays.- The Prince of Wales' Birthday proved really delightful, just hot enough in the sun and just cool enough in the shade to satisfy everybody. The various places of attraction on the 9th were the review at Flemington, the English and Victorian cricketers at the Melbourne cricket ground, the races at Williamstown, St. Andrew's gala, and the Oriental Bazaar, held on the Warehouseman's grounds. We took the day quietly, getting away to the beach near Emerald Hill before the crowd and bustle began. There a few hours were most pleasantly spent in noting the sweep of the coast past St. Kilda, Elsternwick, and Brighton to Picnic Point on the left, while on the right the eye travelled towards Sandridge, then across to Williamstown where the Admiral's ship, the Nelson, at present Has, our own Nelson being anchored about half a-mile off the Sandridge pier. Seated under a clump of twisted, ragged ti-tree we ate our luncheon while listening to the cadence of the waves that rippled up the sweeping sandy beach, alternated with the distant sounds of city life, the occasional boom of a cannon, and the sound of frequent guns borne on the air from Flemington, and accompanied by clouds of smoke, which, rising high in the gentlest of summer breezes, were wafted slowly eastward. Bat charming as one certain spot may be, it is the nature of humanity to look for change, so after a wee we turned our faces towards the piers at Sandridge, and reaching the goal of our desires at that moment commenced to inspect a few of the ships lying alongside the piers. Everyone was a sailing vessel, the largest being the Aberdeen boat Harbinger, and a London ship, the name of which I now forget. The Ikermorlie, from Greenock, in a pretty vessel, beautifully fitted, but of course there is very little passenger accommodation but immense capabilities for storage. _ About 4 of the clock the passengers came pouring in by train by thousands, so we returned to the city. In the evening every place of amusement was well patronised. Human Nature at the Theatre Royal still draws crowded houses, and is likely to run for some considerable time. Miss Knight and the Misses Etherage and Anson are the principal actors, and the scenery b of unsurpassed excellence. ' 1 Mr. Locke Richardson's recital of " King Lear "da Tuesday night, in the Athenaeum Hall, was attended by a very large andience, and Dr. Lynn's magical entertain tainment, ^ in, which he introduces the " Vanishing Lady," attracted a large number of spectators. Dr. Lynn performs in the Freemasons' Hall. The management of the Japanese Village have, reduced the price of admission to Jas There is no doubt that their having come down to the popular price will ensure them large audiences and. a lengthened run of prosperity, more especially as they have been strengthened this week by a new troupe of Cape. ' i i Mr. Martin Simonsen, who has been in Europe for some time collecting a company of artists will shortly return, accompanied by some fourteen ladies and gentlemen, for whom accommodation has already been secured in Melbourne by Madame Simon lee. The festivities of the past week have been varied by a Mayor's ball, the new Mayor's | inaugural dinner, a musical entertainment, given by Sir Henry and Lady Loch in honour of Lord and Lady Carrington and His Excellency Sir William Robinson. Lord and Lady Carrington left Melbourne on Monday, and the Governor of South Australia took his departure on Tuesday afternoon. Before leaving on Monday, Lord Carrington, accompanied by Viscount Deerhurst, paid a visit to the Melbourne Hospital, and saw the unfortunate jockey free, but he was not in a condition to allow of His Excellency speaking to him. Another operation was to be performed on Wednesday, but none of the doctors entertain the slightest hope of his recovery. With this melancholy exception the holiday sports have been very free of accidents. There is a ridiculous rumour of a ghost having frequented Kew for some time post, and so many dependable persons have vouched for the truth of these assertions that at length Sargeant McGrath has taken the matter in hand, and will doubtless un- ravel the seeming mystery in a very short space of time, unless indeed the reputed ghost should hear of this and think discre- tion the better part of valour, and so give up his or her nocturnal amusements. Miss Minnie Palmer (Mrs. J. R. Rogers) baB fascinated everybody. She Koks the merest girl, and on her first appearance on the stage the cheers were deafening, and a perfect shower of bouquets of the most exquisite flowers fell around her. The Horticultural Society of Brighton held their annual spring show on Friday, the 12th. The Governor, Sir Henry Loch, Lady Loch, and suite were present. The party from Government House were received by the committee and a guard of honour of 100 men, under the command of Captain Tillery. The display of pelargoniums, young flower- ing and foliage plants and cut flowers, was unusually magnificent. Several similar shown are being conducted at present in some of the other suburbs. Some 25 ladies and gentlemen members of the Field Naturalists' Society, took advantage of the Prince of Wales' Birthday, to take a ramble in the You Yangs, where they met by appointment, several members of the Ballarat Field Club. One section of the party spent the sunny hours in searching the stream for plants, insects, etc, while the remainder of their number betook themselves to the mountains, all intent on finding some unique specimen or natural curve. The less enthusiastic students of natural history ascended Station Peak, and were rewarded by a charming and extensive view of the surrounding country, Mount Buninyong, where the first gold was found in Victoria, and the Dandenong Ranges, Mount Macedon, and the Cape Otway Ranges, Geelong and Corio Bay all enclosed in the beautiful panorama. At mid- day luncheon was partaken , of, and all assembled together in the afternoon for tea. The day's outing was brought to a close by the inevitable speech-making, which formality might have very well been dispensed with. The Melbourne Presbyterian Assembly are fighting harder than ever over the Rev Mr. Dads, his actions, and his views. It seems as if there is never to be a settlement of these much vexed disputes, which had their rise in connection with the Rev. Charles Strong some eight or 10 years ago. The Rev. Mr. Paton. gave an excellent address on mission work at one of the meetings this week. His views on religious instruction in State schools,' however, do not coincide with the opinions of the majority of Protestants in Melbourne. iV compeer to Mr. Locke Richardson has come before the public in the person of Mr. Horatio Gilbert Parker, who announces a series of Shaksperian recitals. I have been told that he even surpasses the first named gentlemen in his style of rendition. Kalizoic depots have become a , general institution here. There is now one at St. Kilda. The Collins-street establishments have their workrooms at Windsor. The articles exhibited are very choice and beautiful. The satin-lined work- baskets, stands of various kinds, etc., are all delicately performed The curtains, valences, etc'., are really works of art. An exhibition of 31 pictures was opened in Mr. Fletcher's Art Gallery on Thursday. They are the works of an artist lately arrived in the colonies. The subjects are both in oil and water colours. The former are, very interesting pictures, and suggest a good deal of talent, combined with careful work. The " Parson's visit " is much and deservedly admired, so' also' in "Grand- father's stick," and one or two sporting scenes are admirably treated. Dr. Bevan, the new Congregational minister, was entertained at a public reception on Thursday night. I shall take an early opportunity of hearing him preach. If be only reaches half way to the excellence reported of him, Dr. Bevan will be an acquisition to Melbourne. We already have a number of fair preachers, but on the other hand there are scores of men who weekly ascend the pulpit who are completely mistaken in their choice of a calling. 