AN ORIGINAL BELLE. BY E. P. Bob. Chapter XXIII.— 1 My Fbiendship is Mine to Give.' Strahan's convalescence need not be dwelt upon, nor the subtle aid given by Marian through flowers, fruit, and occasional calls upon his mother. These little kindnesses were tonics beyond the physician's skill, and he grew stronger daily. Mrs. Strahan believed that things were taking their natural course, and, with the delicacy of a lady, was content to welcome, the young girl in a quiet cordial manner. Merwyn tacitly accepted ; he mother's view, which she had not wholiy concealed in the sick-room, and which ho thought had been confirmed by Marian's manner and interest. With teiarning health Strahan's old sense of humour revived' and he often smiled and sighed over the misapprehension. Had he been fully awate of Marian's mood, be might have given bis physician cause to look grave over an apparent return of fever. In the reticence and delicaoy natural to all the actors in this little drama, thoughts were unspoken, and events drifted on in ac cordance with the old relations. Merwyn's self-imposed duties of nurse became lighter, and he took much- needed rest. Strahan felt for him the strongest goodwill and gratitude, bnt grew more and more puzzled ahnnt; him Annarentlv the convalescent was absolutely frank ocncsrning himself. He spoke of his esteem and regard for Marian as he always had done ; his deeper affection he never breathed to anyone, although he b3- j lieved the young girl was aware of it, and he did not, in the least, blame ber that she had no power, as he believed, to give him more than friendship. Of his military plans and hopes he spoke without reserve to Merwyn, but in retain received little confidence. He coald not doubt the faithful attendant who had virtually twice saved his life, but soon found a barrier of impenetrable reserve which did not yield to any manifestations of friendli ness. Strahan at last came to believe that it veiled a deep, yet hopeless regard for Marian. This view, however, scarcely explained the situation, for he found his friend even more retioe&t; in respect to the motives which kept him a civilian. 4 I'd give six months' pay,' said the young offioer, on one occasion, 4 if we had yon in our regiment, and I am satisfied that I could obtains commission for you. You would be sure of rapid promotion. Indeed, with your wealth and influence you could secure a lieutenant-colonelcy in a new regiment by spring. Believe me, Merwyn, the place for ns young fellows is at the front in these times. My blood's up — what little I have left — and I'm boon i to see the sorimmage out. You could control and discipline men without bluster or undue harshness. We need such officere, for an awful lot of cads have obtained commissions.' Merwyn had walked to a window so that his friend could not see his face, and at last he replied, quietly, and almost coldly: 4 There are eome things, Strahan, in respect to which one cannot judge for another. I am as loyal as you are now, but I must aid the cause in my own way. I would prefer that you should not say anything more on this subject, for it is of no nse. I have taken my coarse, and shall reveal it only by my action. There is one thing that I can do, and shall be very glad to do. I trust we are such good friends that you can accept of my offer. Your regiment has been depleted. New men would render it more effective and add to your ohances of promotion. It will be some time before you are fit for active service. I can put you in the way of doing more than your brother-officers in the regiment, even thongh yon are as pale as a ghost. Open a recruiting office near your country home again — you can act at present through a sergeant — and I will give you a cheque which will enable you to add to the government bounty so largely that you can soon get a lot of hardy country fellows. No one need know where the money comes from except ourselves.' Strahan laughed, and said : It is useless for me to affect squeamibhness in accepting favours from you at this late day. I believed you saved my life last summer, and now you are almost as haggard as I am from watching over me. I'll take your offer in good faith, as I believe you mean it. I won't pose as a self-sacrificing patriot only. I confess that I am ambitious. You fellows used to call me " little Strahan." You are all right now, bnt there are some who smile yet when my name is mentioned, and who regard my epaulettes as a joke. I've no doubt that they are already laughing at the inglorious end of tny military career. I propose to prove that I can be a soldier aB well as some bigger and more be whiskered men, I have other motives also and hiB thought was, Marian may feel differently if I can win & colonel's eagles.' Merwyn surmised as much, but he only said, quietly : ' Your motives are as good as moEt men's, and you have proved yourself a brave, effioient officer. That would be enough for me, had I sot other motives also.' ' Hang it all ! I would tell you my motives if you would be equally frank.' ' Since I cannot be, yon must permit me to give other proofs of friendship. Nor do I expect, indeed I should be embarrassed by r6ceivicg, what I cannot return.' 'You're an odd fish, Merwyn. -Well, I have ample reason to give you my faith and loyalty, as I do. Your proposition has pat Dew life into me already. I needn't spend idle weeks ' 1 Hold on. One stipulation. Your physician must regulate all your actions. Bomsmber that , here, as at the front, the physician is, at times, autocrat.' Merwyn called twice on Marian during his friend's convalescence, and could no longer complain of any lack of politeness. Indeed, her courtesy was slightly tinged with cordiality, and she took occasion to speak of ; her appreciation of his vigils at Strahan's side. Beyond this she showed np disposition towards friendliness. At the same time, she could not even pretend to herself that she was indifferent. He piqued both her pride and ber curiosity, for be made no farther effort to reveal himself or to secure greater f av« ur than she voluntarily bestowed. She believed that her father looked upon her course as an instance of feminine prejudice, of resentment prolonged unnaturally and eaprioiously — that he was saying to himself, A man would quarrel and have done with it after amends were mads, but a women—: — ' ' He regards tbis as my flaw, my weakness, wherein I differ from bim and bis kind,' she thought. I can't help it. Circumstances have rendered it impossible for me to feel toward Mr. Merwyn as toward other men. I have thought the matter out and have taken my stand. If be wishes more than I now give be must come up to my ground, for I shall not go down to bis.' She misunderstood her father. That sagacious gentleman said nothing, and quietly awaited developments. It was a glad day for Arthur Strahan when, wrapped and muffled beyond all danger, he was driven, in a close carriage, to make an afternoon visit to Marian. She greeted bim with a kindness that warmed his very soul, and even inspired hopes which be had, as ye, scarcely dared to entertain. Time sped by with all the old easy inter change of half-earnest nonsense. A deep chord of truth and affection vibrated through even jest and merry repartee. Yet, so profound are woman's intuitions in respect to some things, that, now she was face to face with him again, she feared, before an hour nagged, that he coald never be more to her than when she had given him loyal friendship in the vine-covered cottage in the country. By the way,' he remarked, abruptly, « I suppose yon never punished Merwyn as we both, at one time, felt that he deserved ? He admits that he calls upon you quite frequently, and speaks of you in terms of strongest respect. Yon know I am his sincere, grateful friend henceforth. I don't pretend to understand him, but I trust him, and wish him well from the depths of my heart.' 'I also Wish him well,' Marian remarked, quietly. He looked at ber doubtfally for a moment, then said : ' Well, I suppose you have reasons for resentment, but I assure you he has ahanged very greatly.' How do you know that, when you don't understand him ?' I do know it,' said the yonng fellow, earnestly. 'Merwyn never was like other people. He is marked by ancestry ; strong- willed, retioent on one side, proud and passionate on the other. My own mother was not more untiring and gentle with me than he, yet if 1 try to penetrate his reserve he becomes at once distant, and almost cold. When I thought he was seeking to amuse himself with you I felt like strangling him ; now that I know he has a sincere respect for you, if not more, I have nothing sg&inet; him. I wish he would join us in the field, and have said as much to him more than once. He has the means to raise a regiment himself, and there are few possessing more natural ability to transform raw recruits into soldiers.' ' Why does he not join you in the field?' she asked, quickly, and there was a trace of indignation in her tones. ' I do not think he will ever speak of bis reasons to any one. A . least he will not to me.' ' Very well,' she said ; and there was significance in her cold, quiet tones. ' They result from no lack of .loyalty,' earnestly resumed Strahan, who felt that for some reason he was not succeeding as his friend's advocate. ' He has generously increased my ohances of promotion by giving me a large sum towards recruiting my regiment.' ' After your hard experience, are yon fully determined to go back V she asked, with a brilliant smile. 'Surely yon have proved your courage, and, with your impaired health, you have a good reason now for leaving the task to stronger men.' ' And take my place contentedly among the weaker ones in your estimation ?' he added/flushing. ' How could you suggest or think such a thing? Gertainly I shall go back as soon as my physician permits, and I shall go to stay till the end unless I am knocked over or disabled.' Her eyes flashed exultingly as she came swiftly to him, ' Now, you can understand me,' she said, giving him her hand. ' My friendship and hononr are for men like yon and Mr. Lane and Mr. Bl&uvelt;, who offer all, and not for those who offer— money.' ' By Jove, MisB Marian, you make me feel as if I could storm Bichmond single-handed.' 'Don't think I say this in any calicos disregard of what may happen. God knowB I do not ; but in times like these my heart chooses friends among knightly men who voluntarily go to meet other men as brave. Don't let as talk any more about Mr. Merwyn. I shall always treat him politely, and I have gratefully acknowledged my indebtedness for hiB care of you. He under stands me, and will give me no opportunity to do as yon suggested, were I so inclined. His conversation is that of a cultivated man, and as suoh I enjoy it ; but there it all ends.' ( Bnt I don't feel that I have helped my friend in your good graces at ail,' protested Strahan, ruefully. ( Has he commissioned you to help him ?' she asked, quickly. ' No, no, indeed. You don't know Merwyn, or yon never would have asked that question.' ' Well, I prefer as friends those whom I do know, who are not enshrouded in mystery or incased in reticence. No, Arthur Strahan, my friendship is mine to give, be it Worth rnnah or little. If he doeB not care enough for it to take the necessary risks, when the bare thought of shunning them makes you flush hotly, he cannot have it. All his wealth coald not bay one smile from me. Now let all this end. I respect your loyalty to him, but I have my own standard, and j shall abide by it and she introduced another topic. Chapter XXIV".-— A Father's Fore thought. Strahan improved rapidly in health, and was soon abletbfliVfflehis time between his city and his country home. " The recruiting btation near the latter place was successful in securing stalwart men, who were tempted by the onuaualiy large bounties offered throng Merwyn's gift. The young offitter iost m, opportunities of visiting Mariana drawing- room, and, while his welcome continnedas cordial as ever, she. nevertheless, indicated by a frank and almost sisterly manner, tut true state of her feelings toward him. Ihe impulse, arising at the critical hour of hie ilinees, speedily died away. His renewed society confirmed friendship, but awakened nothing more, and quieter thoughts convinced her that the future must reveal what her relations should be to him and to others. As he recovered health, her stronger sympathy went oot to Mr. Lane, who had not asked for leave of absence. ' I am rampantly well,' he wrote ; and while my heart often travels northward, 1 can find no pl&UBible; pretext to follow. I may receive a wound before long which will give me a good excuse, since, for our regiment, there is prospect cf much active service while the infantry remain in winter quarters. It is a sad truth that the army is discouraged and depleted to a degree never known before. Homesickness is epidemic. A man shot him self the other day because refused a furlough. Desertions have been fearfully numerous among enlisted men, and officers have urged every possible excuse for leaves of absence. A man with my appetite stands no chance whatever, and cur regimental surgeon laughs when I assure him that I am suffering from acute heart disease. Therefore, my only hope is a wound, and I welcome our prospective raid in exchange for dreary picket duty.' Marian knew what picket duty ana raiaing meant In February weather, and wrote words of kindly warmth that sustained her friend through hard prosaic service. She also saw that her father was burdened with heavy cares and responsibilities. Disloyal forces and counsels were increaEing in the great centres at the North, and especially in New York City. Therefore, he was entrusted with duties of the most delicate and difficult nature. It was her constant effort to lead him to forget his anxieties daring such evenings as he spent at home, and when she had congenial callers, she sometimes prevailed upon him to take part in the general conversation. It so happened, one evening, that Strahan and Merwyn were both present. Seeing that the latter felt a little de trop, Mr. Vosburgh invited him to light a cigar in the diningroom, and the two men were soon engaged in animated talk, the younger being abla to speak intelligently of the feeling in England at the time. By thoughtful questions he also drew out his host in regard to affairs at home. The two guests departed together, and Marian, observing the pleased expression on her father's face, remarked, 'You have evidently found a congenial spirit.' I found a young fellow who had ideas, and who was not adverse to receiving more.' 'Yon can relieve my conscience wholly, papa,' said the girl, laughing. 4 When Mr. Merwyn comes hereafter 1 shall tarn him over to yon. He will then receive ideas and good influence at their fountain head. Yon and mamma are inclined to give him so much encouragement that I must be more on the defensive than ever.' That policy would suit me exactly,' replied her father, with a significant little nod. ' 1 don't wish to lose you, and I'm more afraid of Merwyn than of all the rest together.' ' More afraid of him /' exclaimed the girl, with widening eyes. ' Of him !' ' Why ? ' Because you don't understand bim.3 'That's an excellent reason for keeping him at & distance, ' ' Beason, reason. What has reason to do with affairs of this kind ?' 4 Much, in my ease, I assure yon. Thank you for forewarning me so plainly.' 4 I've no dark designs against yoar peace.' Nevertheless, thes8 half jesting words foreshadowed the future so far as Mr, VoEborgb and Mr. Merwyn were concerned. Others were usually present when the latter called, and he always seemed to enjoy a quiet talk with the elder man. Mrs. Vos- burgh never failed in her cordiality, or lost hope that his visits might yet lead to a result in accordance with her wishes. Marian made mnch sport of their prot4get as she called him, and, since she now treated him with the same courtesy that other mere calling acquaintances received, the habit of often spending part of the evening at the modest „home grew upon him. Mr. Vosburgh soon discovered that the ycung man was a student of American affairs and history. The fact led to occasional visits by the young man to the host s library, which was rich in literature on these subjects. On one stormy evening, which gave im munity from other callers, Marian joined them, and was soon deeply interested herself. Suddenly becoming consaious of the fact, she bade them an abrupt good- night and went to her room with a little frown on her brow. ' It's simply exasperating,' she exolaimed, ' to see a young fellow of bis inches absorbed in American antiquities when the honour and liberty of America are at stake. TfiCn, at times, he permits such an expression of sadness to come into his big black eyes. He is diBtant enough, but I can read his very thoughts; and he thinks me obduracy itself. He will soon return to his elegant home and proceed1 to tie miserable in the most luxurious fashion. If he were riding with Mr. Lane to-night, on a raid, he wonld soon distinguish between hiB cherished wo a end a soldier's hirdsbips.5 Nevertheless, she oonld do little more than maintain a mental protest at his course, in which he persevered unobtrusively, 'yet unfalteringly. There was no trace of senti- menfc in his manner toward her, nor the slightest conscious appeal for sympathy. His conversation was so intelligent, and at times even brilliant, that ehe could cot help being interested, and she observed that he resolutely ohese subject? cf impersonal character, shunning everything relating to himslf. She ooaid not maintain any feeling approaching contempt, and the beet entreuch- meht she could find 'was an irritated per plexity/ Sheobnld not deny that his face was growingktrong in its manly beauty. Although f at paler and thinner than when she had first seen it, a heavy moustache and large, dark, thoughtful eyes relieved it from the charge of effeminacy. Every act, ana even hiB tones, indicated high breeding, and Bhe keenly appreciated each things. Hjg reserve wis a stimulus to thought, aod his isolated life was unique for one in hie pog|. tion, while the fact that he sought her hom8 and society with so little to encourage him was strong and subtle homage. More thsa all, she thought ehe lecognised & trait in him which rarely fails lo win respect— && Da. faltering will. Whatever his plans or pur poses were, the impression grew stronger ia her mind that be would not change them. But I have a pride and will equal to bis,' she assured bet self. 4 He can come thus far and no farther. Papa thinks I will yitia eventually to his persistence and maty fascinations. Were this possible, no one should know it until he had proved himself the peer cf the bravest and best of my time.' Winter had passed, and sprmg brought not hope and gladness, but deepening dread aa the hour approached when the bloody straggle would be renewed. Mr. Lane had participated in more than one cavalry expedition, but had received no wounds, Strahan was almost ready to return, and had sent much good material to the thinned ranks of bis regiment. His reward came promptly, for at that late day men were most needed, and he who furnished them secured a leverage beyond all political influence. The major in his regiment resigned from ill- health, and Strahan was promoted to the vacancy at once. He received his commies on before he started for the front, and he hrnnohf. il tr» Marian with almost bovish ririfla and exultation. He bad called for Merwyn on his way, and insisted cc his company, He found the young fellow nothing loth, Merwyn scarcely entertained the shadow of a hope of anything more than that time would soften Marian's feelings toward him, The war could not last for ever. Unexpect 3 circumstances might ariee, and a steadfast course must win a certain kind of regpecif At any rate it was cot in his nature to falter, especially when her tolerance was parting with much of its old positivenese. His presence undoubtedly had the sanction of her father and mother, and for the former he was gaining an esteem and liking independent of his fortunes with the daughter. Love is a hardy plant, and thrives on meagre sqe- tenance. It waB evident that the relatione between Marian and Strahan were net such as he had supposed during the latter's illaees, Her respect and friendship he would have, if it took a lifetime to acqoire them. He woold not be baulked in the chief purpose of his life, or retreat from the pledge, although it was given in the agony of humiliation sad defeat. As long as he had reason to believe that her hand and heart were free, it was not in human nature to abandon all hope. On i his particular evening Mr. Yosbu'eh admitted the young men, and Marian, hearirg Strahan's voioe, called laughingly from be parlour : 1 Yon are just in time for be wedding. I should have been engaged to anyone except you.' ' Engaged to anyone except me ? How cruel is my fate !' ' Pardon me,' began Merwyn quickly, and taking his hat again ; ' I shall repeat my call at a time more opportune.' Marian, who had now appeared, said, in polite tones : Mr. Merwyn, stay by all means. I could not thick of separating two such friends. Our waitress has no relatives to whom she oan go, therefore we are giving her a wedding from our house. ' Then I am sure there is greater reason fcr my leave-taking at present. I am an uthr stranger to the bride, and feel that my pr- sence would seeih an intrusion to her, a; least. Nothing at .this time &hoold; detract from her happiness. -Good-evening. Marian felt the force of his words, and aleo was compelled to recognise his delicate regard of the feelings of one in bumble station. She would have permitted him to depart, but Mr. Vosburgh interposed quickly: ' Wait a moment, Mr. Merwyn ; I picked np a rare book down town, relating to the topic we were discussing the other evening! Suppose you go up to my library. I'll join ycu there, for the ceremony will soon be over. Indeed, we are now expecting the groom, his best man, and the minister. It eo happens that the happy pair are Protestants, and so we can have an informal wedding. Oh, stay, Meryn,' said Strahan. 'It was I who brought you here, and I shouldn't feel that the evening was complete without you.' The former looked doubtfully at Marian, who ad ted, quickly : You cannot refuse papa's invitation, Mr. Merwyn, eicoe it removes the only eorople you have. It i®, perhapB, tatara! that the bride should wish to see only familiar faces at this time, and it was thoughtful cf you to remember this, but, as p&pa; says, the affair will soon be over.' ' And then,' resumed Strahan, ' I have a little pie to show you, Mi&B; Marian, in which Merwyn had a big finger. 1 thought that was an affair between ourselves,' said Merwyn, throwing off bis overcoat. 1 Ob, do not for the world reveal any of Merwyn's secrets !' cried the girl. Ifcjs no secret at all to you, Miss Marian, nor did I ever intend that it should be one,1 Strahan explained. - 4 Mr. Merwyn, you labour under a dis advantage inyour relations with Mr. Strabsn. He has friends, and friendship is not based on reticence.' ' Therefore I oau have no friends, is tbe inference, I suppose.' 4 That cannot be said while I live,' began the yonng offioer, warmly ; but her« a rioff at the door produoed instant dispersion. ' I suppose I oan be present,' Straba i whispered to Marian. 4 Barney Ghegan is an older acquaintance of mine than ofyoure, and your pretty waitress has condescended to smile graciously on me more than once, although my frequent presence at your door most have taxed her patienoe.' _ You have crossed her palm with too moch silver, I fear, to make frowns possible. Silver, indeed ! when has any been teeo 1 Bat money in any form is said to buy woman's smiles.' 4 Thank heaven it doesn't buy yours. 4 Hash ! Your gravity must now be portentous.' to terms, and on tbis evening ttww the t award of hn persistent o>iag After th 1 ceremony and a substantial supper, which : Mrs. Vosburgh graced with her silver, the : 453u?le t>ok their brief wedding journey to their rooms, end Barney went on duty in the morning, looking as if all the world were to bis min When Mr. VoBbargh went up to bis library bia step was at first unnoted, and he saw his < uc$t sitting before the fire, lost in a gloomy yftvarie. When observed, he asked, a little abruptly : ' Is the matter to which Mr. Strahan referred a secret which you wish kep:?' 'Oh, no ! Nat as far as I am concerned What I have done is a bagatelle. I merely furnished a little money for recruiting paEiiaae6.' 1 It is not a little thing to send a good mp.o o the front, Mr. Merwyn.' Nor is it a little thing not to go one's self,' was the bitter reply. Then he added, hastily, 4 1 am eager to eee the book to which you refer.' 4 Pardon me, Mr. Merwyn, your words plainly reveal your inclination. Would you not be happier if you followed it?' 4 1 cannot, Mr. Vosburgh, nor can I explain further. Therefore, I must patiently submit to all adverse judgment.' The words were spoken quietly and almost wearily. 4 1 suppose that your reasons are good and eaiisf sotory . ' 4 They are neither good nor satisfactory,' hurst out the young man with sudden and vindictive impetuosity. 4 They are the curse of my life. Pardon me. I am forgetting myself. I believe you are friendly at least. Fis&se; let all this be as if it were not.' Then as if the possible import of his utterance had dashed upon him, he dre w himself up and f aid, coidly, 4 if, urder the circumstances, you feel I am unworthy ol trust ' 4 Mr. Merwyn,' interrupted his host, 4 1 am aCCuFtoaied to deal with men and to be vigilantly on my guard. My words led to what has passed between as, and it ends here and now. I would not give you my band did I not trust you. Come, here is the book and he led the way to a conversation relating to it. Merwyn aid bis best to show a natural interest in the subject, but it was evident that a tumult had been raised in his mind difficult to control. At last he said : 4 May I take the book home ? I will return it after careful reading ' Mr. Vosburgh accompanied him to the drswicgroom, and Marian sportively intro duced him to Major Scrahan. For a few minutes he was the gayest and most brilliant member of the party, and then he took bis leave, the youog girl remarking, 4 SiDce you have a book under your arm we cannot hope to detain you, for I have observed that, with your true antiquarian, the longer people have been dead tue more interesting they become.' 4 That is perfectly natural,' he replied, ' for we can form all sorts of opinions about them, and they can never prove that we are wrong,' M ore's th9 pity, if we are wrong. Good- bight.' ' Order an extra chop, Merwyn, and I'll breskfast with you,' cried Strahan. 4 I've only two days more, you know.' ''Well, papa,' said Marian, joining him later in the library, 'did you and Mr. Merwyn settle the precise date when the Duioh took Holland ?' 4 ' More's the pity, if we are wrong ?" I have been applying your words to the living rather than to the dead ' 4 To Mr. Merwyn, you mean V Yes.' uas ne neen unoosoming nimseii to you : 4 Ob, no, indeed !' 4 Why then has he so awakened your sympathy?' 4 1 fear he is facing more than any of your t iends.' And, possibly, fear is the reason.' 4 1 do not think so.' 4 It appears strange to me, papa, that you are more ready to trust than I am. If there i- nothing which will not bear the light, why is he so reticent even to his friend ?' ' I do not know the reasons for bis course, nor am I sure that they would seem good ones to me, but my knowledge of human nature is ac fault if he is not trustworthy. I wish we did know what burdens his mind and trammels his action. Since we do not, I will admit, to night, that I am glad yoa feel towards him just as you do.' 4 Papa, you entertain doubts at last.' 'No; I admit that something of im portance is unknown and bids fair to remain so, but I oanuot help feeling that it is some thing for which be is not to blame. Never theless, I would have you take no steps io the dark, were the whole city his.' ' Oh, paps ! you regard this matter much too eerious'y. What steps had I proposed taking ? Row much would it cot-t me to dispense with his society altogether?' 4 1 do net feDuw how much it might cost yoa in the end.' 4 Well, you can easily put the question to the test.' ' That I do not propose to do. I shall not act as if what may be a great misfortune was a iault. Events will make everything olear same day, and if they olear him he will prove a friend whom I, at least, shall value highly. He is an unusual character, one that interests me greatly, whatever future developments may reveal. It wonld be easy for me to be careless or arbitrary, as I fear many fathers are in these matters. I take you into my confidence and reveal to you my thoughts. You say that your reason has much to do ith this matter. I take you at your word. Suspend judgment in regard to Merwyn. Let him come and go as he has done. Hs will not presume on such courtesy, nor do you io any wise commit yourself, even to the friendly regard that you have for others. I should be glad if your heart and hand were free when I learn tho whole truth about this young fellow. I am no match-maker io the vulpar acceptation of the word, but I, ap well as you, have a deep interest at stake I have informed myself in regard to Mr. Merwyn, eacior. The son appears to have many of the former's traits. If he can never meet your standard or win your love, that end the matter. But, in spite of everything, he interests you deeply, as well as myself ; end were be taking the same course bs your frieud who has just left he would stand a hetter chauce thah that friend. Ydti seehow rick Lam, and' how true to my promise to help yoa ' Marian came and leaned her arm on his shoulder as ahe looked th ughtfully in the glowmg grafc. At last she said : 4 1 am grateful for your frankness, papa, and uoderttand yonr motives. Many girls would coi make the sad blunders they do had they such a counsellor ea you, one who can he frank without being blunt and unskilful. In respeet fro thee subjects, eve-j with a daughter, there m ist be delicacy as well as precision of touch ' 4 There should also be downright cotnmon- ense, Marian, a recognition of facta and mdencies. of whatie and wit may be. Oa one side a falsa delia&ev; ofta t ea's the lips of thoce most interested until it is too "late to Bps&k; on the other, r >nk, wealth, and like advantages arc urgei without any del'-cacy at all. These have fheir important place, but the qualities which would make your happiness anre are intrinsic to t e mam Yon know it is in my line to disentangle many a snarl iu human conduit. Luck baaT oa the past without prejudice if you can. Merwyn virtually said that ha would make your standard of light and wrong his, that he would measure things as yoa estimate them, with that difference, of course, inherent in sex. Is he not trying to do so ? Is he not acting, with one exception, as you would wish ? Here comes in one thing we don't understand. As you suggest, it may be a fatal flaw in the marble, but we don't know this. The weight of evidence, in my mind, is against it. His oourBe toward Strahan — one whom he night easily regard as a rival— is significant. He gave him far more than money ; he drained his own vitality in seeking to restore his friend to health A coarse, selfish man alwayB cuts a h rry Soger in a sickroom, and ehens its. trying duties even in spite of the strongest obligations. You remember Mrs. Strahan's tribute to Merwyn. Yat there was no parade of his vigils, nor did he seek to make capital out of them wit ; vou. Now. I can view all these things dispassionately, as a man, and, as I said before, they give evidence of an unusual character. Apparently he has chosen a certain course, and he has the will-power to carry it out. Your heart, your life, are etili your owu. All I wish is that you should not bestow them so hastily as not to secure the best possible guarantees ot happiness. This young mm has crossed your path in a psouliar way. You have immense influence over him. So far as he appears free to act you influence his action. Wait and see what it all means before you come to any decision abont him. Now,' he concluded, smiling, 4 is my common-sense applied to these affairs unnatural or unreasonable?' 4 1 certainly can wait with great equa-J city,' she replied, laughiog, and I admit the reasonableness of what you say as you put it. Nor can I any longer affect any disguises with you. Mr. Merwyn does interest me, and has retained a hold npon my thoughts which has annoyed me. He has angered and perplexed me. It has seemed as if he eaid, 44 1 will give you so much for your regard ; I will not give, however, what you ask." As you put it to-night, it is the same as if he said, "I oanuot." Why can he not? The question opens unpleasant vietas to my mind. It will cost me little, however, to do as you wish, and my cariosity will be on the qui rive, if nothing more.' (to be continued.) 