V.A.T.C. BOX NO DAY MEETING', [BY ELECTRIC TELEGRAPH.] FROM OUR OWN CORRESPONDENT.] MELBOURNE, December 28. The following is a continuation of the particulars of the V A T O Boxing Day Meet' ing THE SUMMER CUP a handicap of 200eov8. added to asucopBtilioB of 5 says each for acceptors the second horse to receive 10 boys from the stake for three year olds and upwards 11 mile and a distance Robel (Trahan) 1 The I even I (Cairn boil 2 Motor 3 2 (Redfern) 3 Grace Darling, Dunlop, KuCus, Desperado, Lesbia Empress, Bulletin, Becawmg, honey comb Douglastono, Impulse, Acbmot, Eisu, 0 Silver, and Western also started Betting 4 to I at first 0 to 1 \ Kohai, 5 to 1 Lou to, 10 to! Empress, Dufferin, and Uah o' Silver, II) to 1 Honeycomb Before the stand was reached Dougalston and Robert were at the head of affairs. EmpresS led to the top of the hill but on the crest gave place to Dunedin, with The Levite and the favourite in good position As they swept into the- home stretch the favourite drew away from The Levite who contested every inch of ground, but the black son of Manuka lasted the longest, and won by a short head Then came Metal Grace Darling, Honeycomb. Beeswing, Impulse Dunlop, Achmet, and Rufus last Time, 2min 20sec. Tun Jin BNUK FTARKR of 200 SOVS added to a sweepstakes of 5 Sovs each for acceptors for two year olds colts Ort IIIHOB 8st 10lb The second horse to receive 10 sovs and the third lOsers from the stake Raratonga (73aubs) Perhaps (Fang) 1 Escutcheon (Ivonp 1 2 Horton 2 K (Campbell) 3 Sumatra, Epicurean, Glentworth, Albert Loddon, The Dreamer Marlborough, Lclat, Bingara, Bugler, and Dargin also started Betting 5 to 2 at dear, then 5 to 1, v. Hortense, 5 to 2 Escutcheon, 4 to 1 Perhaps, S to 1 Epicurean, O to 1 Sumatra Perhaps won by a length and a half, a length separating the second and third horses, then came Sumatra, Epicurean, Ttingara Glent- worth, and Albert Godden Time, June 3 [sec. IIANDIL vp STKKI LKCHASIC of 200 sovs added to a sweepstakes of 5 Sovs each for acceptors the second horse to receive 10 BOYS from the stake, "J HlilOB Billy (Williams) 1 Curiosity (King) 2 Moonlight (Allen) 3 Atlas, Lizette, Letitia Contingent, Ilouletto, Itoticont Songster, Promotion, Banker, Topsail and Salesman also started Betting 5 to 4 v Promotion and Contingent 6 to Ruby 8 to 1 Curiosity and Lizette, and 12 to 1 TopBail Curiosity led the field from the start to the fourth jump, and then pulled back Roulette toppled over, and brought Contingent with him, and Promotion fell at the first hurdle. Ascending the hill Letitia baulked, and Curiosity carried on the running by twenty lengths The second time round the jump opposite the stand brought down Salesman, and Songster baulked at the hill and Ruby was used up Kcticont afterwards fell, and Barker and TopSail were in trouble Curiosity entered the straight with eleven lengths to spare, but Ruby beat him easily] in the run home Time, 2min 40sec The MAI A MAN is HANDICAP of 100 nova the second horse to receive 10 sovs out of the stakes, 7 fur Ion B Damocles (Tomlin) 1 The Ghost " (Williams) 2 Honora - - (Ramage) 3 Umberto, Munwyrtina, Uncas, EBptcgle, Honeycomb Lord of the Manor, Mia Mut, New Fashion, Glenlivet, Cestus, Chicago, Rouge ot Noir, and Beckwith also started Betting 3 to 4 first and then 8 to 1 v The Ghost, 5 to 1 Munwyrtina and Damocles, 10 to 1 Rouse of Noir Beckwith carried the field along at a great pace half a dozen lengths in front of Rouge et Noir and The Ghost As they rounded the turn Damocles came with a great rush, and looked like a winner but The Ghost, with a brilliant rush, reached his girth, and the two were nearly head to head as they passed the post Time, Dunn 32 CC 