"Hamlet" in Launceston. LAUNCESTON playgoers have been treated to a production of " Hamlet," with Mr. George Ireland in the title role. " Of Mr. Ireland'^ representation of the young Danish Prince," says a local critic, " we must speak in the most complimentary terms, though his licence with the text was noticeable in several instances. His clear resonant voice, nicely commanded, enabled him to speak the lines with most telling effect, and his acting all through was marked for its genuineness; most notably was this the case where he first sees the ghost of bis father. The closet scene was one of the cardinal features of the performance; but the play scene, ' wherein he catches the conscience of the Kiug,' was marred by tlie bellowing of the prompter." (We presume that G. It. I, not only caught the conscience of a King, but also caught the prompter, and then the latter caughtitpretty hot.) " The Ophelia of Miss Vinson," the notice continues " was on the whole a creditable performance for one so young, her last scene being decidedly her best. Tho quaint dirge was exquisitelysung, and the audience substantial? recognised her efforts. Mr. Charles Hall, in the dual characters of Claudius, King of Denmark, and the Ghost achieved a triumphant success. All the beautiful language allotted these parts was given utterance to with a power and feeling that caused the audience to be riveted in their attention, especially his closing words in the third act. Miss Carry George looked every inch a queen, aud all through nobly sustained her difficult part. The best of the remaining characters were Mr. J. J. Kennedy's Polonious and First Gravedigger, both of which were clever representations, and Mr. Roberts' Horatio. It's not often we hear of the prompter in "Hamlet"getting a notice, even though a bad one. Perhaps he wanted to do as much as possible for his money. We trust he hasn't received a second notice over hismelancholyniistake—to pick up his props and git. It wouldn't be a bad idea for dramatic companies rather pushed for time to study, to engage the services of a ventriloquist. • He could do all the jaw. Anyhow, in the LaunceBton production instead of " Was Hainlet mad ?" let us ask if the prompter was—that is the question. 