ECUJIOLS OF MIELBOUJiRNE. [BY Tim Gnosr.] "The cession' of the New Hebrides to France, which it is now apparent tlioGlad stone Ministry fully contemplated, still continues to be the chief matter at present engrossing the . attention , of Victorians. 'Meetings have been held in every town, village, and hamlet of the colony, at which resolutions,'couched in terms it is impos sible to mis.construe, have. been unani pLously' adopted protesting, against :the great wrong the occupation of the 'group would inflict upon "Austraslsia: The' ox citement over the question has spread to "New Soutlh Wales, and has therei';is with us, found vbnt'in public meotings. -Parlia ment is now in session in the sister colony, anlstlio. people's representatives will then have the opportinity of undoing the lmis chief which the Ministry of Sir Patrick Jennings has causedl New South Wales is showing in an unmistakable manner that wyhatever the opinion of the Government miay be. the heart of her people beats in unison with that of the rest of the colonies, and it may safely bhe predicted that the pioneer. settlement of "Oceans" is ready to hct side by side with her younger sisters in strengthening the hands of the mother country, and getting Lord Granville out of the scrape which his, ignorance, of. Aus tralian 'feeling, • Australian geography, Australian history, and .want of "back bond" have got his Lordship into with France. Were it not that just at the pre sent moment a change of Administration would be most inconvenient in Now Southi .Wales,it 'is certain that the motion tabled by Sir Henry Parkes,censuring the Govern- i ment for the attitude they have taken up ion the New-Hebrides question,.would have been carried with a very large majority. I As lit is :the attack made by the veteran statesman on.Sir Patrick Jennings is most daniaging' to that gentleman and his col leagues, and may be looked upon as the death-knell:of-. the weakest Government I 'that,has occupied thlTreasury benches in r Sydney for the last ten or a dozen years. Notwithstanding .his .rejection by his late .constituency of Ballarat East, Mr. John James, who was appointed Minister of Mines during the recess, and on the re 'construction-of the Government after the defection, of :Messr:s Service and Berry, continues to stick to oflice like a limpet to a rook; or a barnacle to a ship's bottom. But not content with the sweets of office-- eil:e7the pay and 'patronaoge-he is display ing: what -iMr. 'Murray Smith 'once so' haprily trned 'a.: " dis ease activity," and is flying all over the country receiving deputations and inmeting·" interviewers"- His latest esca pade' has "beedi to cause the removal of a diamond drill fsom the Sebastopol plateau, where the Premier had promised an infli ential deputation from Ballarat West it should remain-at work, to a locality within the boundary of his late constituency. As Mr. James. intends petitioning the House to unseat his opponent and give him the seat, his recent action may be assumed as an earnest of his gratitude-that feeling aptly defined as "a lively sense of favours to come." LIr. James's appointment will yet-prove a source of trouble to his col leagues. An act of Parliament would in any case have been required to legalise his appointment, the Constitution Act only providing for eight paid Mlinisters, and Mr. James being the ninth appointee. In all probability Mr. Gillies-will not now see the necessity of introducing the measure, and then Mr. James- will perforce be com pelled solses n olens to bid:a "long farewell to all his greatness." Proper feeling should long since have induced the rejected Minister to resign.. Under similar circum stances Mr., Gaunson, the Minister of Jiistioc,'at oicoe vacated his official positiqn and his seat in the Cabinet of the O'Loghllin Government. But that honourable gentle man was a lawyer, and had his profession to fall back upon. Mr. James, pre vious to attaining legislative honours, and embracing the stelier of paid poli tician, followed the trade of blacksmithing and horse-slioeing. . On his return to the Asseombly he disposed of his business, and now, ther'fore, finds himself in the ' posi tion of having, like the man " all the way from Mancheoter,". no work to do. Hence. his disinclination to renounce his office- anid the pay attacliod to it. T, Thi early closing agitation has subsided, "andiience once more reigns in Collingwood Sand Fitzroy. T'he overworked employes aid their sympathisers have, for the time -eing, accepted the inevitable, and are biding their time until the Legislature undoes its foolish work of last session by repealing 'the Factories Act, and starts on another tack by declaring oight hours to be a legal day's work, and rendering, it an offence for any employer to.keep his hands belindsd a counter for any longer number of hours. Whether the " amendment" of the law will have the desired effect still yeinhins to be seen. With previous ex perience to guide them, the Government should, however, be chary of introducing any " grandmotherly laws. ' In the absence from Victoria of a bishop, thel Venerable Dean has been asked to order that prayers for rain should be offered in the Episcopalian churches of the diocese. Bearing in mind the action of his late superior, during a former period of drought, when Dr. Moorhouse advised that recourse should be had to the construction of water conservation works before suppli cation for rain were offered-by this sen sible advice calling a hornet's nest about his clerical liead-the Dean has applied the rule of" local option" to the request. As rain is not required in some parts of the colony, it is only to be prayed for where specially wanted. In the northern afeas'the clergy have, during the past two Sundays, introduced into the service the pidrtion of the Liturgy bearing on the question. To such as like to couple cause and effect it may be interesting to state d that within the past few days the dro)ught in Victoria and New South Wales has broken up. As in New South Wales no prayers for rain were offered, tihe sister colony has evidently benefited by the pious act of her neighbour. A most disgracefulo episode in connection with whatby a great stretchl of imagina I tion is termed "the administration of 1 justice" has occurred in Sandhurst. Two Chinamen now in goal on a charge of stealing the copper plates from a quartz crushing battery, were supposed, for some reasons known only to the police, to be in some way concerned in the mysterious dis I appearance of a constablbl, who' has been Y absent from his home for some three weeks Sor more, and of whose whereabouts noth . ing can be discovered. The servicesof Mr.. SStuart Cumberland, the " thought reader," were accordingly called into re quisition, and the Chineso prisoners having been duly warned that" A devil man from an unknown country who could read their thoughts" was about to visit them, were brought into a cell where a full I leng5 portrait of the missing constable was Sdisplayed on theb' wall, surrounded with a various accessaries calculated to awaken the 1 superstitious dread of the Celestials, and Sarouse their fears. 'But all Mr. Coumber land's efforts to"read tile thoughts" of a Messieurs AhWong and Ching Yongproved Sabortive, the reason assigned by Mr. s Cumberland for his non success being the low moral type of the subjects operated , upon. The last of this disgraceful affair r has not yet been heard, and tIhe dotectivo , police are likely to receiven anything rather 5 than "kudos" for their silly attempt .to bring the" supernatural into play, to frighten suspected criminals iunto con fessing a crime of which, perhaps, they know absolutely nothing. MIr. Stuart Cumberland is, however, more successful in small things. He is able to read the unmbers of bank notes he has never seen, anid discover objects hidden in all sorts of out of.the-way places. Miss: IHaidee HeIller, it will be remembered, was able to perform the first of these feats, and would, doubtless, have been able suc cessfully to accomplish the other had opportunity been given her. On Wednes day an enormous crowd collected in the front of the Townllall,and Mr.Caimberland; blindfolded,and attached to another gentle.' man by a steel wire, wsalked along Collins. street, followed by at least a couple of thousaud people, and in Messrs. Alston and BIrown's drapery establishment brought to light a breaast pin, which a gentlemanu had purposely concealed there a short time before.. WYhence Mr. Cumberland derives his power as a " thought reader" it is idle to speculate upon, but it is a pity his talent should only be available for. small dis coveries of no use to anyone.. Evidently he is a gre?ter adopt at finding hidden pins than he is at discovering hidden criminals.: The charge of heresy levelled against iMr. Dods will now be investigated. Under the threat of being declared contumacious in the event of refusing, the reverend gen tleman'has handed over the sermons preached during 188.1-85 to the lMelbourne Presbytery, and a committee of that body will ere long be engaged in the congenial task of trying to pick holes in a brother's orthodoxy.- -Whether the "heresy hunt" will bena successful one still remains to be seen.' :'Ample time has been afforded thei. accused to alter,,amend, or even to rewrite' the objectionable sermons, and thus outwit his acoasers. . 