Mr. Herbert Spencer on . JPriegihoods. C By IJichabd A: Paocrom .In .the last number oi KnowUdje J gave a brief a-be&raet; of. Mr.Spencer's discussidtf/ in the book before ma, .of fhe relations between Church and State.; I propose nof tp consider mo regeiie rally hisdisciissipn <>f"Ecelesiasticai Institu tions." It is hardly necessary to point out thatthn greaVvahraof'this work,. Uiof tlmjrbde aeries ©f works by the great philosopher of outage,:. resides in the application of the principles of evolu tion to the subject of discusaiop^ ' It " would be an injustice to Mr. Spencer to say that in regard to the ge neral doc,trine'of evolution, he is as Branca* BaConwhere Dar win is as Newton, For Bacon was , in manjr respects but an inexact student of science, and in regard to Newton's special depart ment not only held, but maintained altogether , erroneous .ideas, whereas Spencer in every department, of seien.ee required for Ids studies has obtained, that true general view which is-all that his general survey - needed.- .or would permit, while in some,. and in particular in Darwin's special depart-, i ment, he haB been among the foremost leaders in exact inquiry. Nine-tenths ! of thesubject-matter which tny-'friehd Mr. Clodd proposes .for example to deal with, ... belongs, to the domain : surveyed by Mr. Spencer, where oner tenth only which belongs to the region surveyed and cleared by Charles Dar win. • In the volume on *' Ecclesiastical Institutions," Mr. Spencer has com pleted the sixth part of the " Princi ples of Sociology/' the parts which re main to be included in the second volume of that great work being those relating to "Professional Institutions'* and " Industrial Institutions." "We read with much sorrow Mr. Spencer's expression of anxiety lest the comple tion of- these remaining sections should be delayed, or even, prevented by such ill-health as has delayed the appearance of the present volume— which follows the fifth division," on "Political Institutions," after .the long interval of three years and a half. Rightly to understand the evolution :pf Ecclesiastical Institutions we must recognise the origin and understand the developemeut of the religious idea in man. Is this idea, and especially the thought or deity, innate ? This is commonly assumed, but all the evi dence is against it. if the deaf aiid dumb, instructed at mature age, told us that they always had the idea of a Creator of the world, that of itself would not prove the idea to he innate, because it might well have been de rived through inheritance; but, as a matter df(fact,~" it has not been found, in a single case that an uneducated deaf-mute has had any idea of the istence of a Supreme Being as Cre^^E' and Ruler of the universe."' Tkiais manifestly decisive against the thec^y that the idea is innate. The lo west savage has no religious conceptions at- alL Gradually the ru diments of religion, arise as ideas of forces outside himself are suggested ' in various ways. Mr. Spencer holds by the ghost-theory as explaining this actual beginning of religion; and he seems, to be undoubtedly right in .re garding it as belonging to the very earliest stages of religious evolution. But I believe there is. a yet earlier and more rudimentary form of the religious feeling, excited by the ap parent existence of power and volition in-objects not really , possession con sciousness or oven life. . We find even the lower animals impressed by a sense of wonder and fear when an inani mate object shows signs of apparent life and power ; and I take ,it that among savage races a, kindred feeling wonid long precede the more philoso phical stage < when the phenomena of sleep and dreaul3 would suggest -the idea of the spirit or.ghost, leadiyg a separate existeuce and surviving the death of a bod v. But undoubtedly so 1 booh as this idea was once formed it! wou! 1 permeate the whole religious . system of a community. In the re-. cognition, of the "double5 would be found the interpretation of the ap parent power and volition . of'"objects themselves inanimate. .And we. jean easily understand how in the course of time all plants, all animals, all natural phenomena, rain, wind, snow, cloud, sun, moon, .and stars, would be regard; ed as instinct, with life and power de rived from the ancestral dead ojr the community. .In this sense and-in this' way, probably, all forms of nature worship were originally derived from ancestor-worship. It is -more than probable, it may be regarded as abso lutely certain', that the belief-in.one. god by whom the sun, moon, aud stars,; 'earth,"air, and sea, were made, . who rules all the phenomena of nature ■ by virtue of the powers of these,..his creatures, was a later development, "a purifijafcion of the original forms "of natural religion. In every case where we can follow the progress o"f a peo ple's religion to the trirfch of a. belief in one God, we find this belief preced ed by belief in many gods, , and rthis belief again preceded by the worship of dead ancestors. We must look then for the idiigm of priesthoods to the times' wkeif the Vaguely recognised powers 'ofnatUre Were to be influenced or propitiateli, and to the later tiuie when the spirits of dead chiefs (and in some*. even of living rulers) had to be ap proached with due ceremonial" Loh serv.mces. The first priests werethe rneliei \e men and weather doctors, still found among various race^ still believed in by the mSre ignorai^tJeyen Among civilise 1 peoples, as yants' faith in astrologers and-wise wbrnen testifies, and as is"'shdiyn;6y the publication of such degrading nonsense as Zadkiel's .Almanac "hhd. the like. The prie jtly cbaTacfceyjyas inore fullv developed w,lieu;it became part of the duties of the medicine men to induce the spirits of^ dcad ancestors to a ield benefits or'.cseahe f .-.itn inflictin g evils by bribing themi praising them, deceiving, cajoling, threatening, frightening, or coercing them. _ It was natural that in primitive communitie ? the chief who ruled the piopls and led them in -battle should also be fcbe chief priest, and equally natural that as each community de veloped these duties should be divided. T ic priestly duty commonly remained in the family of the chief, being dis charged by son, brother, or near relative, in some cases by the king's daughter. But gradually the priestly race5 became, a sect apart, descended; perhaps from the royal family, but no j longer closely connected, with the .actual rulers. " Influences of sundry kinds , tend, everywhere," says Mr. Spencer, to complicate in one way or other the primitive course of develop ment. While we see that worshipping the spirit of the dead chief, at first: carried on by Ids heir, is in the heir's' absence deputed to a younger brother, while we see that temporary assumption" pf the function by a brother or other member of the family tends to become, .■permanent where the business,of the-; chief increases—while we see that: mig 'ating parts of the tribe #re habi tually accompanied by some of thej village god's direct or collateral de-.-i seeiidants, who carry with them thecult itud perforin its rite3 and th)t ! wheii. " conquest of ad j aee ntco mm jpitaes leads^ to an extension of rule, r pqlilh^ ecclesiastical, members cf'tbp^riihjig® family become local priests~;- W&; find1 sun Irv causes at'work wKieh render j this process irregular. Besides the in—: fl ience which the chief o.r his priestly^ relative is supposed to. .iiay8frWi±h-.| powerful supernatural bciiigV-;j_fh*ereus". the competing influence ascribed^lo' the sorcerer or rainmaker Occasion ally, too, the tribe is joined by an im-' migrant stranger, who, in virtue-"of superior knowledge or arts, excites" aV-3; and an -additional ealfc may re-„ suit either from his teachings or his own apotheosis. Moreover a leader of ti migrating portion of the tribe,-if iu some way "specially distinguished, itr likely at death to become himself the rbjeet of a worship competingwitV the traditional worship, and perhaps, initiating another priesthood;' TTnck ■j-ating conditions are thus apt, "even, in early stages, to produce "va^iplisl m }difi .-at":ons in ecclesiastical orgaifiza-v tiort.' v_/ " The development ofta monotheistic i.r'.esthood out of a priesthood essentV Slly polytheistic, is next considered by Air. Spencer, in connection with tb'e hypothesis (with which, and with; which alone, all the facts are congru ous) that monotheistic ideas are de veloped out of polytheistic ideas. "We find, for example, in the professedly jn motheistie religion of the Hebrews' arch angels exercising powers in their respective spheres and practically de migods. ' Iii derived creeds we find clear marks-of polytheism. As .each 3?iji chief has a particular god in whom he puts special trust, so, though the foilowerSof Mahomet shed their -blood and the blood of others.to estab lish the worship pf oue god, the Bel d^ns„4ua:k$eacrifices at the tombs of their saints, and even the more civilised Mahometans " worship their deceased holy men at shrines, erected to ■ them." In -thfe Middle .-Ages^anAih Catholic countries polytheistic ideas can, even iu oar own-time, readily be recognised. 'Even aMtfhg^eople" elaimteg to have1 purified their religion from such im perfections, we find a doctrine at least parti"alty"p6lytheis^ the bulk.of the Trinitarian community, without taking into account belief in Satan, which as recognising an inde pendent'supernatural power undoubt edly ■ implies surviving polytheism. Nowhere if-..except "among the- more advanced, IJiu&arians;, and "by„ those who are called theists, is a pure mono thexsmaccepted" EcSelesfcieal bierarbhlss resemble the political gdyernment with which they, are Sissocia^l; In societies-which haVe! developed ^j0dtf^^rciyh' tseculaiv i-ule wefind'alwUys ... a highly-coercive Migious'rule fahxl vice versa. Neither ^UUderrute-nor the other fcau'be^re^ garded as cause or effect, but- iW tWU are developed from *a Common root, and for a long-time jcan..be-^listxnguish ej but imperfectly .from^each: other. Ifhe icommonrreslilthas;. a-commoti origin TU the-mamliiaturie of the peo ple. encoiiragea aliicethpgroHdii nldqspptic pgliticaland-despotieUcciesiastigal con the senseTOT. Jhe . . .. - Jir- £-iClitT -.T-i* resists alt s^Fu|thermo^ it thale ecclesiastiasna in dev4«pihg^uo-i-'efcie^!1 hi&io;^,'-bttf befwUSa^prb^it geueraf hnC" . pat_er^entxals. "3$e?ii&5 q£?eotfie±f: hagf i|p to the time being been, main tained xtM& hehce^-^eUaM": reason "for^ jresi^ahce Ito" deviatibu^ Even; irrespective -of -the relative npsg pf the inherited^ultytb"the?in Herit^l social emuam^nbjesiithd5fe is an advantagei^,7^^p^andy§ii-a necessity ^or, accep^nceuftraditional;; beliefs and consequent cppformity to the resulting customs: and rules,; For. before an assembly x>i men can be come organised the men must be held together, and kept ever in presence of the conditions to which they have be come adapted; and that they may be thus held the coercive influence of their traditional beliefs must be strong." Among the original offices of the priesthood military functions were conspicuous. .Among the- ^ancient Germans " the maintenance of discipT line in the field as in the council was left in great measure to the priests." Eater the functions discharged in connection with war became more ex clusively "of the kind called re ligious." The Samoan priest prayed for his own people, and ^ cursed the enemy. , In jfcew Caledonia " the priests go to do battle, but sflt in the distance fasting and .praying, for- vic Tiie priesthooil^ainohg -the. Comaueh.es,- Schoolcraft - $SlBp us£ ?u j the^^^imrai^oyemmeiU:,-? but?5 3Isity.t -»Aft Jjn-esahipleef jMs-kftfd StirS cit^d the «mO wing^jg^r directed M'tf&hhief; f riesti jof; £h e.m od 5Vn E'ig ^JlX jherfjgedtafcthe-cbmuieneeinent of I whic]i^ip+; at ta pkeXan ^alienvo Vabestyiving tofcBrevr ofr An intolerable God. of 0"^ popple", -somehow got- thfop Jn-jfyei it begins "O*'Almighty" God,' whose resist, Jkecp we .UoseeQh^ Tii^ oiiiv§bl- ; .aSeef VS&^*He3ts among ourselves have," in '' dw 1 tidleS, ddwn., to the conseci-a t'pPj.pf 4®*8.» :the:trtteranees by arniy cli^fliihs; ipjnn ctions"if fprgiven^ss t6 iiieix who at*-going topxecuteveii gekricej |oihed witlK oceasfouil pra/ei's to the Gol of love (6 bless aggressions provoked or unprovoked. -* "' - ' ■^*1 /. V. ".* v inust-.be conceded, however, that while pagan priests hav* sijperatitiously so-ight tor some; sign of-"divine ap !»fo,v?il l»ef ire priiying foy;^-God'-'to "assist the fighting men of his tribe, the Christian 1 priest has - with calm t8*?,P®r'crity taken...that, approval for granted. / ? There was- something especially: impressive in " this. con° fidenbe when God -was invited to bless our efforts^ in attacking a. people" wW fought against one of the;fduiest tyrixnnies -the ?world has known. ■ s Eocial deveiopement tends to resist the. eivd as vyell as the military fanptions of priesthood. In advanced "societies we. ?fiud that "' so. , far fem taking a Aeading jari;^«the -civil 1 Priests.. are. almost excluded from < ibemv • dfi ; .eojintry "for dxany of the functions -once exejfej'Sed by ecAjsiastice. have now passed from their hands'; and there are some who are 'so intolerant as absolutely to doubt whether even the magistracy should3)e open to clergy men, and to question the wisdom of some of the decisions by which "clerical magistrates have astounded lawyers. Passing over the special question of Church and State considered in the last number of Knowledge we note that Nonconformity, as representing free-, dom of thought and including what is specially called Free Thought, is a development only found in advanced : societies. " The multiplication of j secfe,V as Spencer - well observes, : " with which England is reproached by foreign observers^ is—philosophic cally considered—one - of her superior itraits ; for the ride of every sect, im- < plying a reassertion^'of the' right of iprivate judgment, is a^collateral result ofvthe nature yyhieh makes free insti ftufioiia possible.". V Nnnconfofnnt$ ^meifcasiug as au industrialism -has de-' cveloped, now* ii'charaeteri&ed; -dm the. greatest degrae. those . nations which are most characterised by the develop ment jof the industrial type—America ..andc.2jiaglahdiV'-' :Sis ■% * nThe mqjral influence of :has in. every_age been subject to the "need's! of thdsfr nftdhi of^iilihg- Orders' ;-of whjcli-pSests-haye^bseti; ei ther*- the ,guides or the servkiitsvor bbth; "They tfeive hbya/.s ;iueqlcated,..obedieneec to :fihe .powers -that ..bej :soi longtas - the-ie ^weris r haye^'^jUst^dr |>fopdidyr ;un qjri e stlylhfl. ae nee s~ and have' s ufflci e nt /l^jupportSd'prifestly-rpb'werfe. Moral ish^fceo mingsanay be -forgiven—abkeun |g|i§»le and priests—so loug as " subor dina.tipn is manifested with sufficient ■--qOf the future of ecelesia^iticism, it ^Insufficient to remai;k that, as the jdea.pf propitiation is lost, or as men -learn jbo regard it more clearly as an tjlejr (essentially degrading to thern "aelyg3i and insulting towards the un known Power working in and through 'all -sthjngs, all observances implying this savage (or at its best essentially weak)' thought will disappear ; " yet it does not follow that observances will lapse which tend to keep Slive a con sciousness of the relation in which we -stand to the Unknown Cause, and tending to give expression to the senti ment 'accompanying that conscious iiess. There will remain a need for qualifying that too material and pro saic form of life which tends to result from absorption in daily work; and there will ever be a sphere for those who are able to impress their hearers with a due sense of the mystery in which the origin and meaning of the uaiverse are shrouded." —Knowledge. 