VICTORIA THEATRE ., i. and dme.' Poussard. A SLIGHTLY larger audience attended at the Victoria Tneatre last night than on Mon day, and it would seem as if the talented arclstes nJnw among us were to have the experienco so common in the colonies of neglect warming into eympathy, and sympathy reaching to afiurore. Such was Henri Kett-n'd fire in IMelbourne, when Lyster realised .22000 in eighteen nights, although the ficst four representations were very sparsely attended. Such has been M Poussard's fate also before now, and it seems strange that the Newcastle public does not show an absorbing anxiety to wit. ness the talent of one who is ain artist pre·. eminent amongst many. This, however, Is a digression. The programme opened with the overture from " Oberon," as transcribed by T. Cyril de Valmency. Mt. Horace Pous-ard was greeted with loud applause as he stepped on the platform to act the vicarious part of King of the Elves, and he had hardly touchrd the strings of his violin when the listeners may have thought that Ms. Poust?rd, too, might well have been Kapetlmeister to the King of Saxony, had this been the year of grace 1826. Weber was then slowly dying, but he knew not that in a hemisphere compal atively unknown, and in the latter.day Newcastle, an artist would entranco. a fsshionably-dressed audience with the bold est fight of hai mony andmodu. lation, and the bright spirit of romance. We have unearthod from a heap of dua?t laden papers a copy of the Paris Clraivari, in which is a certoon--half humorous, wholly appreciative--of M. Horace Pous sard, who plays to a concourse of delighted damsels, while overhead hovers the ghost ef Paganini "revisiting the earth to inspire his brilliant successor." Such a complh ment was sufficient to show the pedestal cf success on which the young Frenchman had been placed by the united voice of the gayest of capitals. Alas! time passes quickly, and the antique copy re calls the occasion when 1I. Pous sard came to Melbourne after he had carried off the gr~ad prio of the Paris Conservatoire, taking with him letters of introouetion from Miss tatherine Hayes. Since then Mousieur has visited many countries, his lengthened tour beinga series of brilliant successes in critical Calcutta, in hypercritical Bombay, in London, Paris, Vienna; and the fillip which the favour of Royalty imparts was given to his triumph ant progress when the Empress Eugenie, then in the heyday of power and popu larity, paid him the homage which it well becomes a throne to asign to genius-and the effect with her people was great. We have seen such things happen in Newcastle on a smaller scale. One or two names might be mentioned of residents erstwhile glorying in extreme views which would delight the heart of the Red party; but their matured Repub licanism, if not budding Socialism, vanished before a warm shake or the hand from the Right Eon. Charles Robert, Baron Car rington, or a bewitching smile from his vice regal helpmate; and now no more loyal and devoted subjects to bth Crown are to be found in all Chris-endom than these quon dam free-lances under the ooldeas of Mis rule. M. Poussard's method we have already rieferred to. His bowing is neatness in perfection, and the virtuoso stands re. vealed in pizzicato, double stopping and' especially in cantabile passages. Pinsuti's appealing song "Smile and bid me Live" was sung by M. W. B. Cadzow with expression, and one detects how his fervour glows through juxtaposition with an acknowledgod prince of melody like s. Poussard. M. de Valmenoy favoured the house with a piano solo-(a) Andante, (b) Finale-from the overture to " Guillaume Tell," as manipulated ad 'nguentC by Liozt, and under the player's supple figers the musical beaulies of this ill-constructed drama shone forth with a brilliancy over ahadowint all minor errors in conception. The applause demanding an encore showed that the Newcastle lovers of music are by no meani averse to the German cast of thought which underlies the piece. M. de Valmency is young, but sta'ds in the firsi rank f icnists. 'Ib hat's better than being old ,rel standing nowhere, an aphorism of ih ch Ithe writer feels the truth more keeuly es the years. oll by. MIonsieur's mastnrj of tcolhnique is wonder ful, his accura y of execution faultlesos. In Dr. Arne's . ,ruing old song, " Where the Bee Sucks," Madame Pounsard did her self and her audience full justice. It was an unusuwal selection, and the typical English setting of the work gratifi d many whuse thoughts, it . may be, floated sixteen thousand miles across thie expnse of ocean, recalling the time when Australia, with its magic cities and its lonely bhrh, ws a tcre, in·coqnie and the coming glories of the municipality of Carrington were ye sunk far below the hor,zson of actual evenls. Madame's is a well-cultiva'ed soprano voice, with the adventitious aidof a winning manner. The high notes ring with cower and purity, the low ones are full and sonorous; and Madame ii to be congratulated in that she is gifted with a combination so rare. Spir'it.ueltle, dramatic, graceful, she vocealises with the declamatory power which prdgnosticates success in opera cosmiqruc. The Shake spearian morgeau, which was encor.d to the ech , reminded the old stagers of the time when "The Tempest" was revived. Idow many years ago was that? It is a long time to loole back to; we were then in bananaland, and the hot sun makes one forget. Sufice it to say that the song served admirably to display the flexibility of the sineer's voice and her facility of exe cution. The piece which followed has not, so far as we remember, been played before in Newcastle. It was a violin-solo, it was from " Martha," and we 'presume it was M. Poussard's own transcription of a para phrase. Von Flotow's earlier operas were consigned to the waste-paper basket by managers of Paris theatreS. Since then "Martha" has achieved an almost unparal leled success as a light opera, and thefaent tasis produced last evening by a master-. hand renewed the supreme grief, which came unon us three short years ago. Perhaps the most popular vocal number we s that which concluded the first part of the programme, being Biaga's beautiful " Serenade "-lMelodio VJalaelue--with violin obligato, exquisitely sung, and nobly accompanied. Indeed, Madame's singing of the composition blend-d so imperceptibly with the efforts of M. Poussard and M. de Valmenny, that the trinity of music charmed the audience. The serenato is replete with a soft, poetry, the sentiment much enhanced in effectiveness by the siolin accompaniment. After an interval of a few minutes, MM. Pouseard and de Valmoncy played a duo briilliant, piano and violin contending in friendly rivahlsy to inprovise a tempest of sonorous music. Maillart's grand aria, "Il m'Aime," from "Les Dragons de Villars," is tolerably familiar, and Madame's rendition of seme of the less technical phases if t;hought of that composer may tend .to render the name popular in the coaly city for some time. A rapturous encore was complied with by Wakefield's piqu.snt "No, Sir." De Beriot's concerto, No. 7, a violin solo played by M. Pousnard, and resplendent in the charmn of contrasts; Wallace's " Let me like a Soldier Fall," sung admir ably by MI. Cadzow, and doubly encored; dand M. de Valmency's rendition of Chopin's "Grande Polonaise, op. 58," brimming over with the fantastic concentions of toe ?great Polish piaiist, all drew, in turn, repeated rounds of applause. Then a wee bit popular music. As Madme sang "Comin' through the Rye," she infused into the familiar ballad an additional, beauty by her brilliancy of treatment, and the Scotch element of the audierce pursed their lips and wrinkled their .y, l:ows, as is their wont lhen asexous to show their pleasure. Au encore was rather imperativ. ly demanded, and rewarded with a graceful curtesy of denial. And last, but in many senses bos', a violin solo troan the brain oc the player's great. proto-tyl:e-(a) andrnte and (b) Ca'ruav?r de Vcsnisc. 'I'ruly Paganini lived again. What a brilliant movement, and how fitting a prelude to this carnival, this cbarnlras dc riclteesscs, of which Remenyi, when: he was in Dunedin. New Zealand, a few years ago, told the writer that it could be repeated "two billion limes;" sad yet fresh truatment was evincel aInst night, prodigies of execution following each other in quick succession in the direction of double stopping and staccato playing, anen yie'ding to a sotead as of the warbling of a bird-but we have heard Mone'cur and his silver-siring ere this. Pierre Vceron was right. In April, 1860, he wrote of Poutsard-" He will make a notre in the world." To-night the musical festival will be re. peated, as announced in our business columns. 