tMORMONHM IN VlCiOSit. IHEIB PLCRAL HAIt'UA jK3 EX PLAINED. It may aot ba kaowa that than an sen: oral throngbootTictoria aboat thirty Uorman ,or, a. tbry gall tbamaclaaa, '< Saia.a of At Cnanih at Jtaat Cbrlat of Latter Day Saiata," sag that one alder from Utah is bow in tba colour oa o minion to make conTtriioat to til faith which ba professes. This gentleman is Mr John L, BIyth, and ha hat bald Sunday aft— nitIom daring the put tlx we ska ia At Oddfellows' Ha l, Coo rah street, Richmond bat kit eongrogati— have bean eery amalL One of thorn aareioM wu advu. liead to bo bald on Sunday hot, at Am o'clock la tba afternoon, bat it wu com tiara after that boar bafoto anybody pat in an appearance, excepting tbt Elder Mmaalf and two other rallowara of Joseph Smith, the Mormon Prapbat. At length, whan aboat tan wore praaaat, a number whlch wae labaaqatatly inctaarad to Id, Mr Blyth plaetdi tha Mormon Hymn Book in th bands of each, and uktd if thara wu any body prase nt who wonld land the singing. Thara being no acquiescent raapoaaa, Oa inti mated Ait no wool rud a hymn, aad aaoord- ingly ho did eo. Thia wu followed by an addt— KMr Robert Baanahamp, who oams to ilboarao Id yean ago, aad preached tba doo- Iriaee of Aa Lotto Day Saiata. His ad drat a wu a atatcmaat af the ballet of bis ohanb, which may ba briefly conveyed to oat reader who an act acquainted with it la th brief articlm of faith praparad by ita founder, \- Wa baltavela God tba Eternal Father, and Inhiaeoa June Chritt and ia tba Holy Ghoet. Wa beliavi that rasa will bn pnnuhad tot thair own line, and not for Adam's transgression. Wc believe that through As atonement of Christ all mankind may ba saved by obadienc tg An laws and ordinances oi th Gmps). Wg bflftre that Ibm ordiaaaou an : til . i-l.t- J .L. f Jlll fihpiat a lAfMwd rapentano ; Aird, baptism by immaraioa for Aa remiaaioa of line ; fourth, laying on of hands for tha gift of the Holy Ghost. Wo believe that o man mutt ba callod of God by 1 prophecy and by tha laying oa of bands ' by tt ON who era A authority to preach tha Gorpel ur.ii admlBiator the otdiaaacw tbuoof. We beliero in Ao rams organisation that existed A the primitive church, via , apoulti, prophets, par tors, teachers, evangelists, :e. We bellase n th gift of toognee, propbaoy, ravalatlon, virion, healing, Interpretation of tengnu, ate. Wa believe A Bible to ba tha Word of God, u far aa it ia uaulated 90(, rectly ; »g also believe Aa Book of Mormon ta ba Aa Word of God. Wa believe all that God hu revealed, all Aat He doea cow reveal, tad we be ievo that Ha will yet reveal many avoot and important Alrgt pertaining tc the kitfani of God, W n," 'A Ae li.aaa gaAerlnp ; Terael ahd tae restoration' ®' tboTau J ribet ip-1( yp0n will bo bnilt apea thia (the trarican) continent. That Christ wl.. (T'?t> ponoaally upon tba earth, and Aat t'® earth will ba renewed aad reoeieo in parUiialc glory. Wa claim Aa privilega 0f worahlpiag Almighty God according to th e dictatae of oar conscience, end allow all meo tbe came privilege, lot them woyhlp bow, where, or what they may. We bciicvc in being anbject to kings, preaiieuts, tnlere acd magistrates, la obeying, honoring aad eustaining tha lawa. Wo believe in being honest, tro, obute, baaeeolent, virtuoa, end in doing goon to ell men p indeed, we may say Aat w follow tbe admonition of Paul, ' We believe all tbiuge, we hope nllthings.' a»ve Oilurvl many thttge, aad bo td be able to endure all tr < gs. II an Is anything virtooos, lovely mci v M rdport, or pcaiaeworthy.waaaek after JiiBft,biugs.'' The epeaker,who tea vary old man. wu eome- what pro)ix,and earing the oourra oi hie iddrara three of the endiaaae retired. It wueeUent that tkoy expected aometbiog eerv diffaiantfram w tbe Mormono." At ear rate, ana young man did, tor directly the dm- oonrse wu concluded he torn aad addraeeiag Ae speaker, said, ' We want to, her oouething aboat your havkg more than one wile. Where did yon get Aat doctrine 7" Here Elder BlyA eaid, " We pay tha rent of thia room, aad wa invito people to come and hear as. When wa want to hear you talx era will invito you." The young man Aea oxpeeeood an opinion Aat instead of talking a— t baptism, tha Mormons should baptise tbemaaleu first. From 'tho maonar A wbiA ha apoka it wu gathered that ha meant that tbay ahoald cleanse AemselTM of their practice of polygamy. The chairman uktd the young man to be have himself like a gantlamna, aad Aa reply was, u I believe I always do ; bat i don't lib this beating about Aa bub. Ton talk nt Aa Gospel of Chriet, bat yon say nothing aboat your practice of polygamy. I uiok I bad better retire." Aad ht did tituis Mr Blyth then iMidiid th meat inf. He told hie audience that he had lived ta Utah (or over a quarter at a eenturj ; that God had uatifiad to him 27 yaan ago, and that th« power of tbe laying ou of lands had bean givan to him by the elder. George Bnchaaan, who wai now tho soeond in tha church of Jaena Christ ot Latter Day Bainta. aad who heptieed him in tbn bay of Ban Francuoo. Ha and hie brother vera callad Inspoetora, dopas and foola. bnt tha lame woru warn naad towards Jam and 8U apoattoa. Eidieola did notchanaa tha fact of tha validity of tha it- itorad Gotpel which had bean givan to tba Latter Hay Saiata to preach, and ha had travelled thonaanda of milaa to preach that Gospel without asking anybody for a single penny, and God hud always raised ap friends to minister to his wantf. Ha aakod hie hearer to believe that God had conferred on Joaspb Smith tho holy work of raorganieiagthe cnntch on thaesnb, and had conferred on hiss acd his apostles all tha powers aad bltMiogs aad privileges of the officers of the early church, and warned them that God's wrath would be upon those who rejected HU ptopbet— meaning Joseph Smith. M In oar mountain homo," Elder 01yk.h re marked, u a spirit of persecution is raging. The Government of the United States have Daeicd laws Inimical to ns and to our laws, bat God who restored the Goepel and the Charcn I eocerding to the ancient pattern, trill protect file people who obey Hie Go pel." Polygamy was at this stage of the proceed ings minded to for the first time ; bat only in n cursory wsy, tho speaker merely observing. w Fifty millions of people in the United States sty that the law of oeleetial marriage shall be pat down, and that we shell be exter minated; but wa who know God's testimony trnst to that good Lord, and know that wa are the rrdsemed, and are ready to bear all persecu tion, even as Jesus Christ and His apostles did. Tbe Elder ooncinded by stating that now at tbe closing of the meeting be would be reedy to an>wer unreeervedly any qnt'tions -light be out to him, and that at any tin- iiw- eonld oall at hie hooee in Sydney road, u uoe- wick, when he would be moat happy to giro tbem tbe fullest information in regard to the chnrch in which he belonged. Several questions wets thsn pat, both to Mr Blyth and Mr B auohtap, #no H' «u»wrftd ic the moat straightforv-fi o t .> - Iiae stated that the pre«tut population of Utah, the Mormon territory, la over 800,W»0. As a proof of the power oonveyed by God to His )>ropbet Joseph Smith, and those who followed him as s poetise to u heal " by tbe " laying on of hands," Mr Beaocbamp said that ho was enfioriag from pwalyris and loss of speech that ha ootid only mumble but not distinctly etter; words when Eider Smith arrived In tho oolony, bai that after tbe Elder bad "laid hands" »» bim. on t a o occasion only he was able ! properly. ' Elder B ytk, in reply to another Question, | ssid that tbe first principle wi h tbe Ii'ddok waa the belief in tho gospel of Jeans Chrisr. He wna then qneaUoeed on tbe -abject o pol gamy, and tbe reply which he gave will be interesting to the general poblio I am eent forth to preach the first principle of tbe Gospel The question of the p orality oi marrisge recta entirely with those who heve lived tn th? Goepl aad to whom God has revealed His desires. Plurality of marrisge is not for tbe masaea." u Bat it is understood " raid a questioner, UlSft pOlJgMBJ wiiu fvu iu|rijr inHMB tuiv » mratf can have as many wives as he can affoid to kesp— thav according ta hit in come he may have, if ba ehooee, one, dvs, twenty, a hnndred, or seen a thousand wivoe Elder Blyth : That Is a great mistake. There are tboaaaads upon thoasande of ns who have never entered tut law. Q. : What do yon moan by that law t A. : Eo man can enter the law of celestial marriage emtQ he has proved himself a maa pf God aad Gad, has revealed to him that principle and law. Q. Bm if a maa gnee to Utah cannot he have aa many wives ns ha likae t A. Oh not this law ia not for the meaees;it ia only for thcoa to wham God has revealed himself, end given hie testimony. Oaly twelve per cent of oar people have more then one wife, w;ucb wee proved by a CoaimiMtoD sppoinUd by tbe United Btntee Government t ) inquire into the rubjeot Tbo atetiMics of that Commiasion prove this. Ynu oaople make a great mistake in fanoying that our eeleatlel merrriftfre" m.io aa indsosriminate mixture of men and wouan jo-t as tbay hows. Q. : What thsn decs it mean ? A. : I> mean, Mm, that ao Latter D47 Stint will svsr think of a second or tial marriage on'-U the law and principle bsfl bean revealed to htm by God himaaif, and then ha cmti nevar enter the bouse whore t « nesHng ozdicame is performed unless he r s the best of recommendation from tbe Buoop Mr Btanchamp : I have S eon la Utab who ba horu thwrv for twenty y«wrs, and fi» has onlt 00 wife Mo Latur Day Saint will take a second w ift unti j U law to bim Tr%c wre t: 1 tk.r vlsitorssnd th p<cc4eau.g.i civju. 