Local Items. The Month's Work.—The following is a list of the more important works carried out during the past month by the Sandgate Corporation :—Brighton sea wall, £95 10s. 7d. ; Creek-street, forming and draining, £5 3s.; Connaught-street, earthwork, box-drain, &c.;, £25 10s. ; Hoskins-street, earthwork, box-drain, &c.;, £7 15s. 3d. The balance of the work was small jobs, not amounting to more than 40s. or thereabouts. Total wages list for the month, £168 8s. 10d. Wesleyans.—The following gentlemen will preach to-morrow in the various chapels of the Wesleyan denomination throughout the district :—Nundah, Rev. F. Fletcher and Mr. Riding ; North Pine, Mr. Hawkins ; South Pine, Messrs. Cavanagh and Holland ; Bald Hills, Messrs. Holland and Conradi ; Downfall Creek, Messrs. Oliver and Cavanagh ; Sandgate, Rev. F. Fletcher. Cobbs Camp, Mr. Drew. Government Land Sale. — Messrs. Arthur Martin and Co. submitted to auction on Tuesday, 104 lots in the town of Amity, better known as Amity Point, and situated on the north end of Stradbroke Island. Of the lots put up only, five were passed in, and the total sum realised was £1088. The upset price was exceeded in many instances, and the sale is considered highly satisfactory. There was not large attend- ance at the sale, but the bidding was spirited. A Sudden Death. — A correspondent from Kilcoy informs us of the most instananeous death, on Wednesday, December 1st inst. of an old and much respected resident of Oakey Creek, Kilcoy. Mr. T. Jones. Mr. Jones, though well stricken in years, was to all appearances both strong and healthy. On this day in question, he came home to dinner as usual, and expired whilst sitting at the table. Deceased leaves behind him a wiife and grown-up family—two sons and one daughter—all of whom are general favourites throughout the district. SETTLING UP.—The final meeting in con- nection with the Humpybong and Sandgate Regatta was held in the Royal Hotel on Tuesday night, when Mr. T. Welsby occu- pied the chair, and there were also present Messrs. Stiller, Ham, Bliss, White, and Woods. The minutes of the last meeting having been read and confirmed, Mr. Stiller stated that the regatta had in every way been a success, and that after paying all ex- penses the balance- sheet showed a credit balance of £47, the expenses having amount ed to £100 1ss. 6d., and the receipts, to ac- count of subscriptions, entrance fees, &c.;, to £147, 12s. 6d. It was agreed that the amount of the balance be placed in the Government Savings Bank to the credit of the Humpy- bong and Sandgate Regatta, per R.S. Stiller and A. C. Boden as joint treasurers. Votes of thanks were again accorded to the secretaries for the energy they displayed in bringing the regatta to a successful issue, and also to Messrs. Maxwell, Lloyd, and Deagon for their kindness in presenting cups for competition. The usual compliment to the chairman terminated the meeting. \- ON THE WARPATH—J. M'Gillvery, of Woodford, against whom a prohibition was lately issued, came to Brisbane, during the week, with horses, and commenced to paint the place very red. More suo, he got drunk, and then abusive, insulting, and, of course, fightable. Unluckily for himself, he picked the wrong mark, and fell foul of a well- known boxer, who, after putting up with most outrageous conduct on M'Gillvery's part, turned and gave him what he wanted —a good hiding. The P.M. of course talked about prohibition, but here is an instance of the, absurd way in which it is conducted. M'Gillvery has been on the booze ever since he got into Brisbane, and this in spite of the fact that the police were notified of his posi- tion. Now he is repentant, being both sore and sorry— The devil was sick, the devil a monk would be, The devil got well, the devil a monk was he." THOSE JETTY RATES.—If there is one thing more than another that Mr. Mayor Maxwell deserves credit for, it is the settling of that much vexed question, the rates due from the Sandgate Pier Company. His mayoral precessors have never been able to come to a satisfactory settlement. Mr. Maxwell has, however, managed to squeeze fair dues out the Sandgate incubus. Readers of our report of the last council meeting in another column, will find that for the sum of £20 18s. paid, the council gives the company a clean receipt for all rates due up to date on the white elephant. We might add here that the prompt steps taken to enforce the pay- ment of rates, some being of long standing, have had a most successful effect, and we understand that, with the endowment added, the borough income will be benefited thereby to the extent of something like £500 extra. The present Mayor is actually leaving the chair with a balance to the Council's credit in the bank, an unheard of event in the history of corporations. FOUND DROWNED.—An inquest was held at the North Pine Police Court, on Monday, before Mr. Joyner, J.P., on the body of a man named James Bowden, aged 50, who was drowned In the Pine River nearly a fort- night ago, when there was a heavy fresh. The unfortunate man who was employed at Mr. Scott's farm, tried to cross the river, and was swept away by the flood. The body must have been caught in a snag or by some wire fencing which prevented it being found before. The body was buried last Sunday, by the police, and is but another instance of the folly of giving way to habits of intoxica- tion, for he left the camp, when drunk, to go to the Pine for another bottle, the river being flooded a banker. Deceased was told not to attempt to cross by a woman living at the crossing-place on the river known as the Short-cut Crossing. The decased was seen to undress and disappear in the water, and not until ten days after were the police told of the man being missing. Bowden was about three years in the colony, a baker by trade, and a native of Birkenhead, England, where his wife and three children are said to reside. A ROWDY BULLOCK.—A correspondent from Maroochy relates that a young man named Dicken had a very narrow squeak from being seriously injured, if not killed, a few days ago, whilst employed mustering cattle on Yandina Station. Whilst busy yarding up a bullock took into its head to turn rusty, and with eyes shut, head down, and tail up, shouldering his way out of the mob, he charged the men bringing up the rear. The bullock struck Dicken on the under side of the thigh, driving his horn in five or six inches, and of course the rider was hoisted clean out of his saddle. As he fell, the beast made ready to have another charge. Luckily the young fellow did not lose his head, but as lay on the ground frightened the brute away by shaking the sound leg at him. He mates soon gathered round him, and bandaged up the wounds as best they could. We are glad to be able to state that in spite of such rough usuage and bush surgery, he is getting well again rapidly. ANOTHER VACANCY.—After thirty-three years of solid hard work in Queensland, Mr. John Barker has decided upon paying a visit to the old country ; as he considers, and justly too, that he is entitled to a spell, Mr. Barker, who retires bearing the good wishes of all who know him, proposes to leave Brisbane by the same steamer as does Mr. Maxwell, the present Mayor of the borough, who also contemplates a visit to the "ould sod." Mr. Barker's resignation as alderman of the Borough of Sandgate was handed in last Monday, and nominations will be received on Thursday next, 16th inst., from persons eligible for the position ; poll to take place on Thursday, December 28th inst. We understand that this is a little dodge resorted to ?????? and foist Mr. Cooksley on the rate ?????? whether they like it or not ; as ???????? which this distinguished hodm ?????? are fearful that under the new roll ????? the Baptist" will not have the ghost D a show. Is there anybody in Sandgate man enough to come forward and block this little game, which is most discredit??? all concerned. THE FOUNTAIN.—The drinking fountain promised by Mr. H. Wakefield, M.L.A. for Moreton, so we have been secured by donor, will be erected and in service by the Christmas holidays. This fountain is to be erected on the reserve between the Jetty and the ladies' bathing place, being supplied with water collected from the roof of the Town Hall, and conveyed by pipes. Two tanks, also the gift of Mr. Wakefield, with a holding capacity of 1000 gallons each, have already been put up at the Town Hall, and are now full and running over. When the pipes are connected, and the foun tain un faith accompli, visitors and holiday- makers will have every reason to think kindly of Mr. Wakefield and his most useful gift. A MEAN THIEF.—Mr. A. Adsett, of Hamil- ton, saddled up his horse the other day to go and do a bit of patching to his fences near the North Pine River. Whilst attend- ing to his work, he allowed the horse to feed about, and the brute strayed away and crossed the river. Not being inclined to tackle the stream, which was pretty hight, Mr. Adsett went home and got another horse to look for the truant. He soon found the moke, but some one had been beforehand with, him, and quietly annexed both saddle and bridle. The police have received notice, but we do not suppose the stolen goods will be recovered, as the skunk who is capable of thus acting is quite brave enough to sink the gear in some water hole, and so so preserve his precious hide from gaol. HOW NOT TO DO IT.—We do not know who it is in the Railway Department makes the alterations from time to time in the timetable, but they seem to go out of their way to inconvenience the residents of, and visitors to Sandgate in every possible shape and form. The train leaving for Ipswich at 9.35 a.m. is, apparently for variety sake, now started at 9.30. Persons leaving Sand- gate at 9 a.m. were enabled to catch this train; now, however, anybody wishing to go to Iswich by the 9.30 train must leave Sandgate at 8.8*a.m., thereby entailing a vexatious and unnecessary waith in Brisbane of forty minutes. It would be a blessed thing for the country in general, and the suburbs in particular, if the trains, paid for by public money, were made to run to suit the public convenience. This will never be till it is conducted on business principles by business men—commissioners—entirely free from political influence. THE BAPTIST TEA MEETING.—We are unable to give our readers any detailed account of the tea meeting held in the • liel4 ïn thé Baptist Chapel, Sandgate, last Tuesday evening, to welcome the new minister (the Rev. E. J. Welch), for the simple reason that we were refused admission. On arriving at the door, a gilded lordling demanded from us either a ticket or the money. Although it was explained to him that we came as a matter of business, to report, report and not to gorge cake and buns, he still sternly refused admission. It is not often that members of the press are exposed to such gross dis- courtesy and we ca only attribute it to the boy's ignorance. At the same time, might we venture to suggest to the managing committee, without being considered pre- sumptious, that in future. On similar occasion it would be advisable to appoint a gentleman to so responsible a position as door-keeper, and not choose. a stupid boy. who has neither the manners to appreciate, nor the intellect to understand, the courtesies of the position ? AFFRAY AT NUNDAH—A most disgraceful scene occurred at Nundah last Sunday. A party consisting of some of Hugo's Minstrels and others drove to Sandgate in a four in- hand, and certainly did not impress the resi- dents there with their ultra-refinement and respectability. A woman in the drag in our hearing, used most unwomanly language about an offensive lady walking along the road with two little children. On their return, when close to Nundah, they stopped for a while to witness some blacks throwing a boomerang. An altercation ensued between certain members of the minstrel party, and those engaged in throwing the boomerang, and Conslable Primrose, who lives in the vicinity, went out to a paddock adjoining his own, and there saw two men fighting. He ran between them with the object of preser- ving the peace, and they immediately turned upon him, kicked him, and assaulted him brutally. Although Primrose was badly wounded he immediately saddled his horse and galloped after two of the prisoners, Shannon and M'Gregor, the party having previously decamped. He overtook them in the Valley, and arrested them, and the third man, Gregory, was arrested by some persons at Nundah, who, upon seeing that Primrose had been so badly treated, turned out in a body to assist him. Dr. J. Hill, who examined Primrose, deposed that his seventh rib on the left side, near the heart, was broken in two places, and that he was also bruised in other portions of his body. His life was in actual danger. From something said to him by the prisoners he further examined Primrose to ascertain whether he had been drinking, but the witness failed to discover the slightest trace of drink. Mr. Lewis asked for a remand for eight days, owing to the illness of Primrose. He objected to bail. Mr. Pinnock said there was no intention on the part of the bench to grant bail in the present case. The prisoners were then removed in custody. Gregory was much affected on learning that bail was refused. Haske, of the Exchange Hotel is also remanded on a similar charge, Primrose is better, though still in the hospital, and the P.M. has since granted bail. The worst feature in the case is that the accused state ses****** ustable Primrose was drunk, which must be deliberate false- hood, for we have known him for three years aad he is a staunch teetotaler, and one of the whitest men in the Queensland Police FATAL ACCIDENT.—A sad accident occurred last Tuesday week to a man named W. Stevens whilst at work felling scrub timber in King's Scrub, Upper North Pine, for a Mr. Warburton, in whose employ he was. A large tree fell, pinning the poor fellow to l~Be*reefeU, Jtóniftg the poor fellow to the ground. On assistance being rendered it was found that both thighs were broken, and one of his shoulders. He was imme- diately removed to the Brisbane Hospital, where he died on Friday evening. A GENIAL SEASON—A correspondent from Kilcoy Station writes that the bountiful rains have at last filled the lagoons, so that a little more like it will make them believe that the good old times have come back. again. The road party are hard at work at the bridge over the Stanley, opposite Villeneuve. The grass is not growing so rapidly as might be expected, but plenty of herbage is cropping up. The Stanley River is full of fish. One caught the other day said to closely resemble both in flavour and appearance, a" Burrimundi" supposed to be an inhabitant of the Burnett River only. Commenting on the late sad accident by drowning at Mary Smoke's Creek, the same correspondent insist on the necessity of doing something t oremedy what is at all times a most dangerous crossing. A culvert is badly wanted, which should be built a little higher up, so as to be but of reach of the backwater from the Stanley. Perhaps the members of the subdivision will attend to it. CHURCH ITEMS.—The children belonging to St. Nicolas' Church Sunday school celebrated their festival on Wednesday last. Assembling at the church at 10 o'clock, the children, accompanied by their teachers, at ouce proceeded to the jetty reserve, which proved a most suitable place for the purpose. Lunch at 12, and tea at 4 ; the intervening half-hours being devoted to lighter comestibles, in the shape, of buns, fruit, lollies, slid nuts. In the afternoon, many parents and friends of the children appeared on the scene, and assisted in several ways. Rounds of cheers for the friends who furnished the feast, not forgetting the original of " Santa Clas," for the teachers, for Archdeacon and Mrs. Matthews, brought to a conclusion a very happy day.—A preliminary meeting of members of the church interested in the erection of a church on a reserve near the State School will be held on Wednesday evening, at eight o'clock, at the State School, when it is hoped that all interested will attend.—We remind our readers of the parochial tea, with talk and music, at the Town Hall, on Tuesday evening next, at 6.30. 