Loudon Town Talk. (From tbe Melbourne Argus.) Among the gratuitous entertain ments afforded this season to ^Lon doners has been the exhibition of a city clergyman given by himself. At a meeting of the metropolitan guar dians this gentleman was so good aB to give his views upon the treatment of those whom poverty has driven to their last home—the workhouse. He said that, in his opinion, there was much too much of entertainment of paupers. " He did not .want to make them happy even on Christmas Hay, hut on every day would like to make them profoundly and horribly miser able. He would treat them as crimi nals, |and hoped the wheel and the oakum shed would be kept going." The person who gave utterance to these vile and shameful sentiments is not only nominally a clergyman, but actually holds a eure in the city, and up to this date continues to hold it. We often.hear when some]infamy goes, unpunished the cry, " Where are the police!" but in this case we may surely ask with reason, " Where is the bishop ?" Talking of schoolboys, there were two inquests last week which seem to prove that they are pretty much as they used to be; one poor little fellow -■ was kicked in the stomach " by a bigger boy, whose name be did not know the other was hit over the head with a slate by another lad, also bigger and also unknown. Conceive the universal horror if two men should have thus been done to death by two strangers ? As it is, the coroner's jury have returned an open verdict. I wonder they did hot call it " Death from natural causes." With all our* talk of education, the notion of teaching boys to be a little humane, far less chivalrous to one another, is still in embroyo. As matters stand I believe an ordinary school boy to he far worse generally than an ordinary man. A curious presentation—I conclude honoris causd—has been made to a police sergeant in. Hertfordshire. He has been endowed, under circumstances of some ceremony, with the handcuffs which were placed on the wrists of Thur tell when arrested for the murder of William Weare in 1824. Ik was no doubt, one of the most famous crimes of the century, embalmed in the pages of Carlyle (who took the keeping of a gig as a sign of gentility from it), and sung V Hood— " His name was Mr. William Wear®, He lived in Ijyon's Inn j"~ ^ hut still it seeing nblf altogether decor«s that such ieUi^ sliould assaoiethe form Sophies, ami be "'presented^ to a guardian of the public' peace 'as'a token of esteem: ■' ... ®ELI^ro^sHiiiirciKATro]j.—What is known as " reH^bus hattucmation * is really eitbern this special develop ment °f » geperal morbid state—in otherwords7bfdiE^ry insamtypaiting on a particular type, probably de termined by theenvironmenfc—or it is a variety of hysterical excitement. There is in the weak und -unstable minds ofjwomen a natural tendency to ecstatic engrossment v^th the sub-, ject of religion. .This is fully ac. countes for by-, the fact .that religious beliefs are the only remaining forms of . 'mental excitation about the" unknown and mysterious. The belief in fairies and witches and ghosts of all kinds has already died out in. the minds of edu cated folk. No note heed' now be taken of the lingering trace, of these old phantasies which we find in the spirit ism of the few who still cleave to the love of mystery.1 When the. feminine mind, or the masculine mind of Feminine grade, is perturbed, it naturally busies itself with the affairs of some other world. There is nothing in the leaBt degree remarkable form a physiological point of view in this notorious fact. Nor iB there anything strange in this particular from of excitement, and like it, being found to spread from one individual to another—in short hort, becoming epidemic. Just as stringed instruments are attuned to each other when played in concert,, and sensitive flames respond to vibrations propelled through the atmos phere, brains of like or "sympathetic**' physical structure and organic habit are mutually responsive. The special fea tures of any local and social develop ment of the perturbation called " reli gious hallucination" are doubtless de termined by the type of tbe class, affected, and this, as we know, is de termined by the conditions of heredity,. life, growth, and education. There is ~ nothing whatever wonderful in these Phsenomena. They are simple facts in the light of physiological science, and can be fully and clearly understood in this light only. The remedy for such visitation.sisfuri.herenlightenment. Tbe time is probably not far distant when disturbances ami phantasies of this sorb will .be wholly and everywhere things, of the past.—Lancet. Mark - Twain Neighbourly.-—-The Rev. J. Hyatt Smith relates this : j " When I was living with my brother ; in Buffalo, Mark Twain occupied a cafc ! tage across the.street. We didn't see I much of him, but one morning, as we were ejoying our cigars on the verandah after breakfast, we saw Mark Twain come to his door in his dressing gown, and slippers and look over at as. He stood at his door and smoked for a minute, as if making up Jbis mind about something, and at last opened his gate and came longing across the street. There was an unoccupied rocking chair on the verandah, and when my brother offered it to him he dropped into it with a sigh of relief. He smoked for a few moments, and said : " Nice morning.** 'Yes,, very pleasant.* 'Shouldn't wonder if we had rain by-and by.* ' Well, we could stand a little.* ' This is a nice house you have here.* 'Yes, we rather like It.* 'How's your family j" * Quite well—and yours V* ' Oh, we're all comfortable.' There was another impressive silence, and finally Mark Twain crossed his legs, blew a puff of smoke into the air, and his lazy drawl remarked: "Isuppose you're a little surprised to see me over here so early. Fact is, I haven't been so neigh bourly, perhaps, as I ought to be. We must mend tbat state of things. But this morning I came over because I thought you might be interested in knowing that your roof is - on fire. It struck me that it would be a good idea if But at the mention of fire the whole family dusted upstairs, trailing language all the way up. When we had put the fire out and had re turned to the verandah, Mark Twain wasn't there." 