ETERNAL HOPE-ST. PAUL'S THEODICEE. We recently received the following poem from the dean, but although put into type and revised by him, it has not previously appeared in the Advertiser: — Tea, are there awn who reached tbe door too late To whom the portals are as stern as fate': Do cherubim nith word ot flame still scare The sinlul from the hope of dwelling there ? Must those poor ghosts, for ever wandering, Cn one unceasing round the changes ring— The bliss that wss and is no more to be, This cruel stony blank eternity '? Ko kin, no borne, no garden now to till, Ko human lore the erupt}- heart to fill, Ko lower form of good, to cheat the pain Of withered hopes and aspirations vain ! Ko rest of conscience, and no healing balm; Through ages pass, no interval of calm. But fiercely bums insatiable desire, And vengeance feeds the everlasting fire! U this the sorry ending of the tale That swept like music down the lowlr vale Where sad-eyed men consumed the bitter years In servile tasks, contending with their fears.' Is this the gladsome gospel of Bis grace Who feccined to clasp the world in His embrace? We turn in horror from this clang of doom To Him whose love had surely larger room. He reigns; Bis purpose never shall be foiled— To cleanse the universe by evil soiled. All enemies of His shall be destroyed: Ko word of His returns unto Him void. The victory is His ; and who are they. Those foes whose evil power shall pass away 5 Man is the hapless victim, but the foes The triumph of redemption overthrows Are beasts of prey tbat prowl around his fold. Death lords it much, intrenched in his stronghold. He fain would keep his ciptives—Death must die ! And Sin shall not eternally defy The Master—power of all the universe— That purest of the world's deliverers Who would not torn one footstep from the right: All sin must perish from before His eight. The Timpter, too, must yield—the rebel trill Whose subtlety was worsted on the Hill Of Evil Counsel—he must yield his place, Or setk salvation by the way of grace. And Pain, that like a sleuth hound follona us— Uore keen of scent, more fierce, more ravenous— And strikes his cruel fangs i&tc; the heart. This fee the Lord of Love will bid depart, And all the cries of suffering will cease When he shall reign the acknowledged Prince of Peace. If none shall ever enter Paradise Except with new and wholly cleansed eyes, What words of grace, what blessed ministries, May chasten and prepare those souls for bliss That sometime pined without, we cannot know— Wliat angel messages may come and go— What new rcvealings of forgotten truth Usy bring again the purest dreams of youth, UntO the gold of purified desire Alone remains from the refiner's fire. All this is hidden in the future, but The door the Lord has opened none can shut. Be lived for man ; for man, as man, He died: He claims all Eouls, and will not be dcriitd. 