CAMIOU : I A GIRL WITH A FORTUNE BY JUSTIN M'CARTHY, Author of 1 Miss Misanthrope,' Maid of Athens,' etc. Chapter XL1X.— 4I See All That is a striking passage in ' Philip van Artevelde.' which tells of the mysterious manner in which, 4 when this, or that has chanced, the smoke outruns the flash,' the news gess ro our ears almost m anticipation of the event. The old church by the river had hardly ceased to eoho to the orash of Pilgrim's- fall when, somehow or other, a shuddering sensation Beemed to go through Mrs. Pollen's whole frame, and the words almost rose to her lips that something terrible had happened. Soon the story began to take ehape. Somebody had just arrived, it seemed, who, passing by the churchyard, had seen light within, and while still on his way to Fitzuree House heard a noise which, to bis startled imagination, seemed like the thunder itself. This story was first told in definite manner to Mr. Lisle, who was always quiet and prudent whenever anything had to be done. He went to Mrs. Pollen and said a word or two to the effect that he feared something had fallen in the ohuroh, and he had better go and see about it. At the time he had no thought of anything but some mere accident to masonry ; some falling of part of a roof or other suoh comparatively trivial thing ; but Mrs. Pollen well knew that if anything had happened it was more than that. 4 Take some people with you ; take some men,' she said, quietly. She would have kept her nerves if she were told that the end of the world wae to come next moment. 4 1 fancy something bad has happened ; be prepared for anything. In her heart she was only thinking ' it anything should have happened to Bertie Bomonfc, and it was I who sent him, and she- asked me why did I send him. I most get her out of the way for the present, anyhow, until we know something.' She looked about, and at last saw Gamiola in the centre of a circle of children, to whom she was telling stories, 4Camiola, dear,' she said, 4 1 want the muBioroom oleared. I have a particular reason. There is a little effect whioh I have bad in preparation for some time, and I must get the musio-room all to ourselves for a few moments in order to manage it. How, will you just go. and see that it is cleared out ? You can tell them why, as far as you know ; but get it done, dear, will you? Just go about among them and tell them, and I will come to you bb soon as it is quite empty and tell you what I want you to do next.' What Mrs. Pollen thought was this : ' Ho news will have reached the people in the muBio-room yet. It is barred against all outsiders, and no rumours will have found their way in there yet from this side. If Romont is safe, he will oome back here at onoe, and he will enter the musicroom by the use of his key so as not to be seen comic g in, and to be able to tell us quietly all. Then he will see her. The first thing she will know of the whole affair is that he is safe. Camiola thought there was something rather odd and mysterious about this request of Mrs. Pollen's. She eonld not take it quite literally ; she could not altogether believe that it meant just what it said and no more. She could not help thinking that it must have something to do with the dis appearance of Walter Fitzuree and Pilgrim, and the mission of Bomont to look after them, and her nerves began to quiver. But she had long learned to /have so much faith in Mrs. Pollen as to believe it wae best to do, without question, what her eooentrie friend deeired to have done. So she submitted. 4 Oh, yes,' sfa8 said, with a tremulous lip, 1 I will go, slnee you wish it.' 4 Yes, dear, I wish it.' So Mrs. Pollen said, willing to risk all rather than have some wild, extravagant story shot suddenly into the girl's ears ; and Camiola went upon her carious errand with a sinking heart boding of ill. She sucoeeded in getting the people quietly out of the muBio-room, the general opinion being that something wes to happen after wards in connection with semi-darkness and a magio lantern, and that it would be well not to wander away too far from the door, the inner door, of the musio-room, lest the news of this great treat Bhould get abroad over the whole company, and the whole company accordingly swarm to the oentre of attraction. Gamiola at last found herself alone in the musio-room, and she assumed that she was to stay there until Mrs. Pollen qatne. It was very lonely. The softened lights had in them something snbdued and melancholy; the place seemed like a great chamber of the dead with funeral lamps burning. No doubt it was the contrast between the crowded and noisy condition of the room a few moments ago and ItB loneliness cow that put suoh a feeling into Garniola's mind ; that contrast and the disturbed state of her own nerves and her own heart. She felt utterly depressed and out of oourage. The future looked all blank and darksome to her. She was beeom ing miserably oonsoious that she had eom- mitted herself to a cruel mistake when she onoe again suooumbed to the supposed desire of Lady Letitia and consented to marry Georgie. She was growing to be entirely ashamed of the part she had played, and she began to torment herself with the thought that Romont, too, must despise her now for what she had done, and that he oared nohting more . for her. Everything had gone wrong with her, she thought, since that first night in Fitzuree House when Bhe found out that she was in love with him. Only now, when Mrs. Pollen spoke to her. did she leai'n that Bomont had been in Fitzuree House this evening, this very night; and he had not sought her out, had not oome near her ; evidently did not intend to come amir her. And now he was in danger of some kind, some vague undefined danger ; and suppose she should never see bim again, should never be able to explain or excuse herself to him, . should never have a chance of making bim believe that, however inconsistently or wrongly she had acted, she had loved him all the time and knew that she loved him ? These thoughts filled her mind and blended very sadly indeed with the sounds of the festivity that was going on So near. The mnsic and the noise of talk irritated and jarred npon her nerves. The solitude of the room beoame unbearable. 4 1 will not stay here any longer, ' she said to herself ; 4 1 can't bear it.' Suddenly she heard a rustling on. the gravel just outBide the door, and then a key turning rapidly in the look. Not a great many persons had private keys to open that door, and of these few who had there was one at least -whom Gamiola would not care to see just then and there. She stood cp by the organ waiting, anxious, almost alarmed ; in the mood of one who knows that something ont of the eommon is about to befall ; she stood with one hand resting on the keys of the organ and her eyes intense npon the door. The door opened, and there was an oblong of darkness made for a moment, and then Bomont, in the dress of Albanian Joseph, came into the room. He stopped short, seeing her, and she saw that his clothes Were torn, and that his faoe was out and his hands were wounded. 4Thrre has been bad work,' he said, quietly, not willing to alarm her, yet anxious to prepare her for grim news. 4 Poor Pilgrim is dead.' The long crashed down feeling of the girl roBe in a great wave and overwhelmed her, and she ran to him and cried—— Oh, but you are safe ; thank God, you are safe I' She threw her arms round his ceok. The knowledge whioh she vaguely had that there was danger, and that he was in it ; that he would be sure to go far Into it ; the solitary nerve-thrilling wait in the musio- room, his sudden entrance, the blood upon his face and hands, and yet the assurance that he was safe — all these influences were too much for her, and beat down her self- oontrol, and she bad thrown her arms aronnd his neck before she knew what Bhe was doing, and now that she did know and was endeavouring to draw back, she found that he would not let her. 4 My sweetest Gamiola, ' he said ; and he kissed her again and again, unchecked it must be owned. ' And so you were in alarm for me? How sweet of you ; and how happy for me to oome on yon on this way. Now, of course, you won't hesitate any more ' 4 Oh, no, no ; how could I after this ?' He drew a deep breath. ' I am so happy ; I can't help it; .I-am so happy, although poor Pilgrim is dead. See, I have stained your beautiful dress.' 4 It is your blood,' she said, with a slight shiver. ' You wsre in sneh danger, then, and you are hurt ?' ' It's nothing ; only a few scratches got in trying to save a worthless scoundrel. I am sorry to have stained your drees, but let it be a symbol to show that I w -uld shed my heart's blood tor you, Gamiola. And you really do love me ?' Oh, yes ; I loved you from the very first.' Then there was a silent moment of measureless content to both. Tell me all. that has happened,' she said, suddenly, 4 It is a shame for as to think of ourselves at suoh a time ; it is not like you or me.' 4 Very like me,' said Romont. I couldn't help thinking about you and me — about us— if my dearest friend lay dead. Indeed, poor Pilgrim was a very dear friend.' At this moment Mrs, Pollen entered the room. You needn't tell me anything just at present,' she said ; 4 1 have heard all — yes, and I see all.' Chapter L. — My Two. There was an inquest ; there was a police investigation ; the papers were filled for a time with accounts of th8 Fitzurseham mystery, iand the attention of the public was turned to the place in a manner whioh made the best of its residents very unoomfortable. The ordinary Fitzureehamite, however, was proud of living in a plaoe whioh had a mystery and a violent death, and wae sore to make a boast of the faot that he knew Christian Pilgrim, and that he used to see Walter Fitzursc wfaen Fitzorse was quite a boy. For a while the itoty of Jetbro Merridew'e sudden death got inextricably mixed up ih the public1 mind with the tragedy in the old ohureh, and, indeed, loat'! people will; never succeed in getting them properly separated. A philosophic person might have found some pleasure and profit from observing an illus-i tration of the growth of the myth evolving itself out of the daily developments of legend concerning the life and death of Jethro Merridfew and Christian Pilgrim. One rather popular theory was that Christian was Merridew's spn, and, consequently, the brother of the cirous woman ; that Walter Fitzuree h.adLtnade love to her and then abandoned her ; that Merridew died of grief at seeing what a wreok she had become ; and that Pilgrim tried to kill Walter out of revenge, and, failing in his purpose, endeavoured to escape, and was accidentally killed fh Ihe effort. As far as the more Intelligent part of the public were concerned, Romonfc'e evidence made the whole story olear enongb. Pilgrim's reason bad suddenly deserted him ; and Walter Fitzurse's assailant was for the time a ' mere 1 maniac. From what may be called the Bow street point of view, Fitzuree was in no wise to be blamed. He was defending himself the best he could, and, but for Bomont's intervention, he would have been killed. The event made a terrible impression upon Fitzurse. For a while his whole nervous system was so shattered that it did not seem certain whether his life, or, at all events, his reason, would not go. He was taken to Fitzuree House and oared for there by Mrs. Pollen. When he was getting a little better Janette oame to Bee him. They had a long interview ; no one present;, of course, but these two, the husband and the wife. The result told vary briefly by Janette was, that they agreed to separate, he to go to the United States and try to make a way for himself there ; to do him justice, it was he wbolneisted upon this. Then, after a time, if their afleotion lor eaoh other seemed to return, they could oome together again. 4 Something tells me,' - said Janette, with solemn eyes looking into the syes of Mrs. Pollen, ' that we shall hot meet again. Mrs. PoJlen thought, in her secret heart, that it would be just as well if this propherib warning were to become verified, but she did not say anything - of that kind to Janette. ' She loves him still-— after all,' Mrs. Pollen thought. 1 If there Is anything in him he may have a ehanee even yet.' Meanwhile, the hope was something for Janette to live on, despite her boding ; and she was, perhaps, not altogether unhappy. Her sister Alice clung to her now with a plaintive and eager affection, praying for her love— for all her love. 4 Yon must give me all your love, Janette ; you must, indeed, now that he is gone.' They buried Christian Pilgrim in the old churchyard. His body lies just near one of the paths that lead to the wall overlooking the river. Yianie Lammas must have trodden on that very earth the night ehe ran aoross the churchyard to fling herself into te water. Jethro Merridew sleeps in the church, yard too. His daughter was at his funeral, and comported herself quite decently, people said, considering, that she was. a circus woman. . To days of excitement sucoeeded days of xeaotion and depression for some, at least, of our friends at the Rectory. The.Beofcory wae tor the most part stiil talked of ; but, of oourse, everyone knew by this time that Gamiola would not go, and Lady. Letitia and Janette somehow did cot seem as if they had animal spirits enough . between them for suoh an Undertaking. The Rsator strongly urged it, believing that they both needed to be shaken up and that the very incon veniences and discomforts of suoh a journey would do them good. He did not mueh mind about himself ; it was part of his bnsinees and his duty to pot up with things and not to want to get away from his post. Mrs. Pollen and Gamiola were talking over all this one evening. Gamiola stayed now at the Rectory, and now at Fitzuree House. She had taken almost altogether to Fitzare House since it had oome to be known at the Rectory that Bhe would not go to Egypt and what else that determination on her part implied. Gamiola had been pouring out her soul to her friend concerning her love and her happiness ; and after a while she went on to say that there were some shadows over her happiness, too, aBd that these oame ont of the general .sadness which had settled upon the Reotory. 4 Yon see I am afraid that I am part of it- part of theoauseof it.' 4 Not so far as Janette is concerned.' 4 Oh, no, I didn't mean that. I was thinking of Lady Letitia, and l am still sorry lor poor Georgie. I suppose he is unhappy, but, I -Couldn't help that ; I couldn't marry him. Why should I f Bertie is all the world to me.' 4 1 always told yon so, and you wouldn't believe me. I tell you something else now, Gamiola. I am not afraid of hurting your vanity, my dear, for yon have hardly apy to hurt. I don't believe Georgie. will remain long nnconsoled. 4 Don't you really ? If I only thought that I should be so glad. Don't yon really ? You are almost always right, however you get at things,' . Well, he was always too hysterioal for me ; I have not mush faith in that sort of" thing. He was like a obild, the more you try to keep him from a thing the more be have it. N o — -Qamibla, fag won't die of love for you or any other creature that ever put on a petticoat/ 4 1 wish I might hear of his - getting . married,' Gamiola said, thoughtfully. 4 There must be girls who could make him happy and whom he could love. There is & great deal; that is Moveable in him,' 4 Is there i I suppose so ; I never , could quite see it, but I daresay it is eo. Well, I haven't the slightest doubt that he will get married very, soon— perhaps before you do.' I hope so,' said Gamiola, and there the talk ended. Mrs. Pollen's words might have been taken prophetic. The very next day Camiola received a line from Lady Letitia enclosing a telegraphic message from Cairo. 4 Georgie to Lady Letitia Lisle. ' Dearest Mother, — 4 I have found happiness at last. Iam married to a charming and noble-hearted woman, Agnes Clements, widow of Major Clements, who was killed in South Afrias, We are devoted to one another ; tell father ; I hope you will both be glad. Mrs. Pollen and Gamiola looked at each other for a moment m a Bort of bewilderment, and tben both at onee 'broke out into a peal of laughter, Their mirth was ringing still when Romont entered the room. I wonder who she is ?' Camiola said. 4 Oh, I know,' Mrs. Pollen answered ; 4 1 know her very well. Shs was very pretty ; she is a dreadful little flirt.' Was very pretty ?' 4 Yes ; in a sense, shs is very pretty still ?' 4 Not old at all,' Mrs. Pollen said demurely ; 4 1 should call her young, in fact. About my age, dear ; running rapidly into the forties.I should think ; at all events, quite forty. A very nice age, don't you think? If ho happens to be rather too young, that's not her fault, you know ; she would be younger still if shs ooold.l daresay. I knew her in Cairo. She makes upwonderfolly well ; you have no idea how nice she looks in evening dress and by lamp-light. I should think she would settle down and drop flirtation now that she has got- a nice young fellow to marry her. Aid just to think, , Camiola, that you were really going to throw away jpdr youth and your life, and your love— to say nothing of Beftie ' Bomont, here — on a oreature who oould be consoled so soon by a woman like that V \- 4 1 don't suppose I ever really could have done it,' Camiola said, apologetically, You never oould have done it, Bomont said, 4 because I never wonld have allowed you to do it; not if I had to earry you off ' and do the Loohinvar. I never felt very much alarm about it.' 4 Can she make him happy, I wonder?' Camiola asked. - shouldn't wonder,' Bomont answered. 4 There regular hsck flirts sometimes make very good Wives for the sort of meu who like them. I shouldn't like them mystlf, but every man to bis taste. Oar friend Georgie apparently does. ' 4 It's a good lesson for one's vanity/ Camiola observed, gravely.. 4 1 might have - thought he was dying for me.' 4 Faot is,' Mrs. Pollen said, 4 they don't ' die.' ' Don't they V Bomont =' asked. 4 What about poor Pilgrim ? 1 am convinced that love was in one way of another, the cause of : his death. He went mad, I grant ycu, but it was love that did if !' 4 Then I will put it differently,' Mrs. Pollen said 'the men one wouldn't mind dying for never die tor as.' rI would die for you,' Romont said, 4 if you wanted me -to; and if Gamiola would give me leave.' 4 But she wouldn't, and you know it ; and that sort of dying is easily done. I feel very sad about. poor Pilgrim all the same.' The journey to Egypt was, of oourse, given up now. Lady Letitia felt no very pas sionate longing to see her sou's new wife. The oampaign was all over, and Georgie would probably soon oome home. Lady Letitia felt wretohed over the whole affair, and perhaps oould not quite keep from secretly blaming Gamioia because she had net married Georgie at onoe and out of hand, and so prevented ail possibility of his ever marrying the fading widow. 4 Our only hope must be that she will not fade too soon,' said the Bector, with a determined effort tG make the best of things, 4 and that his glamour may continue, so that she may not fade for bim. You see, Letitia, he would never have done for a girl like Camiola, Although he is our eon, we can't help admitting that, oan we ?' 4 No ; J suppose not. Bertie Bomont is Certainly muoh better suited -tor her ' 4 Oh, yes, ever so much better ' 4 And as it oouldc't be onr son, St. George, I am very glad it is Kitty Romont's son that is toget her. I positively will go and see Kitty Rotnont again. Fancy all that has happened since I saw her last !' It was arranged that the marriage of Bomont and Camiola was to take place very soon, and wae to be altogethsr a quiet affair ; the married lovers were to go to Italy ; the Lisles were to go to a German Bath, t&kicg; Janette with them ; the whole encampment was about to break op ; some going off to be happy, others to make the best of jkhinsBv The 8oft| sweet autumn was fading already Into a mild winter, and Mrs. PoDes, Gamiola, and Bern on f, were standing ©tie afternoon on ?fce lawn of Fitzurss House. Tbe marriage day was coming near? iha lovers would soon go away. Tbgy were talking over many r fcicgf! past, present, and to ©ooie, with their frlmd, whom shortly they were to leave. Acsld all their happiness there was a esrt&ih; » e (.8 of sadness at the thought that tbay vc-re to part. Sa many things bad happened 1 tfcsi it did not seem altogether possible their lives to settle down sgtin into tbe i-imlliar grooves. There Were occasional rn-smsntt of silence. 4 1 suppose ycu haven't thought ye#.' Mrs. Pcllen vaid ; 4 of what yoa are to do with y ourself in the way cf a career ? Whet is he 1 o do with himself, Gstniola? Is he still to hz a professional philanthropist ? Is he ever to be Joseph the Albanian again V Oh, no,' Camiola said, hastily, and then cnddeuly corrected herself ; 4 Yes ; I think be E'all be Albanian Joseph sometimes, for my ( xc- lcrive benefit; I think he mast wear the muu-i—ers disguise on every anniversary of : be cay when be rowed os on the river ; donl yea remember fhst day? 4 Yes ; I remember, said Mrs. Pollen. 4 1 thick you, too, must see him on these treat anniversaries, Mrs. Pollen. W© most lave you. 4 It I am anywhere near, said Mrs. Pollen. 4 If ycu are snywhete near ? Gamiok ntked, surprised. 4 Yoa don't propose to be very far away V The question is,' eaid Mrs. Pollen, 4 what I am to do with myself now ? I have lost r y right-band man in Christian Pilgrim. I don't like the look of this place while his memory is still fresh upon it. I seem to see the stsics of his blood everywhere around. I thril go away for awhile, and travel with Yincie Lemmas, although I am rather eiokof travel, and I shall be lonely.' 4 Come with us,' Camiola and Bomoct exclaimed in one breath, and they really meant it. Mrr. Pollen smiled tenderly on i hens b ?b snd eaid : 4 Ccme, new, that would be shabby and of roe, would not it— to ieflict myself on yoar honeymoon? No, my dear pair of happy lovers, I shan't do that, Perhaps I shall ask yoa to keep this plaee fer me titer: you get bscfc to England, and while I am still thinking things out and not oert⁣ what I shall do. You Eee, I am not quite tiear whether, on the whole, I have made a particularly good Ihisg out of my attempt to put matters all to rights in Fitzorsefoam. I wonccr whether Pilgrim might not be alive, r;d .JuTiztte Lisle unmarried, and W&Ilei; Fitzurse etill spooning on little Yinaie Lammas, if I had ntver come near the place? 1 begin to think T bad better leave Providence to manage things for the future and not take cn roe to intervene.1 V 4 If you hadn't come,' Gamiola said, 4 what would bsve happened te us, I wonder— to Bertie and me V 4 Oh, well, I faney Bertie and yon would have come all right, anyhow ; I am eesti mental enough still to believe that when people love like that they are not to be kept ! asunder. But I don't feel satisfied with the general outcome of my attempt at adminis tration ; and, indeed, it seems in the world &e; if the more some of as tried to do good the leee we saeoeed ; and we lad better jast be commonplace and discreet, and let things alone. I am an anlueky woman, I think, 'Well, IT1 go away for the present. Perhaps I may come back ; although the most grace ful and poetic thing would be now to dis appear and never be seen here any more ; and be always an odd sort ©f memory or myth in Fttzorseham. Who knows bnt that I might in time get into a legend and he regarded as a saint or a ghost# or something of tbe kind? Wouldn't that be better?' . - 4 Yea are a saint to me — a patron saint !' Rcmcnt said. 4 Am I really ? Well, is not that another reason why I should go away, and stay away, and live on alcreje like that in yoar memory, and in tbe memory of my hand- seme Camiola, who is looking so particularly grave just now — ' 4 1 can't beer the thought of yoor talking of going away and staying away,' Gamiola said, with tears rising in her eyes. 4 My dear, you make me very happy— yen two,' Mrs. Pollen said, 4 And yoo make life seem sweet to me; you make me yoncg again. I thall drag but a lengthening cb∈, yon may be enre, at each remove that takes me farther from yon. Yea have done a great deal for me, and whether I aip here or whether I am there, near or far, I shall have yoa with me always In my memory and in my beart. yoa two ; jny two. Tbe bold, dark eyes were racist as ehe spoke, and Ehe took a hand of each ra here. The End. iOHnnMnBte 