Terror of flaunted Locomotives. LOCOMOTIVE engineers are almost, if .not altogether, as superstitions in regard to -haunted locomotives as sailorB are in regard to haunted ships, says the Tribune. About ten years ago the engine Matt Morgan blew up while standing on the track of the Shore Line road near the station in Providence, £. I., killing the engineer. The engine was subsequently rebuilt and put on the road. On the first trip that she made after being rebuilt she went tearing into Providence in the night with the train swinging behind, and the sleeping town echoing to the shrill whistle. On approaching the station the jengineer leaned forward to shut off steam, but to his horror a ghostly form appeared at his side, and a ghostly band grasped his .wrist and held him fast. When the station was reached the ghost disappeared, and the engineer stopped the train some distance beyond. At least, this is what the engineer tells. Many people have not forgotten ths terrible Richmond switch disaster, several years ago, on the Providence and Stonington road. A little brook became swollen by the rain, and carried away a rail-road bridge. The train came rushing along that night, and was hurled in the chasm. Giles, the engineer, when he saw the danger ahead, instead of leaping from the engine as the fireman did, grasped the lever and reversed the engine. But it was too late. The train was going at such a speed that the locomotive leaped clear across the stream, and they found Giles lying under his overturned engine, with the lever driven through his body and one hand clutching the throttle- valve with the grasp of death. Giles, when he came into Providence, waB accustomed to give two peculiar whistles as a signal to his wife, who lived near the railroad where it enters the suburbs of the city, thafc he was all right, and would soon be home. The absence of those whistles was the first intimation which was received at Providence of the disaster. When the engine which made that terrible leap on that stormy night was rebuilt and put on the road again, there was at first greafc trouble in getting engineers for it, with such superstitious horror was it regarded. To-day there are people ready to swear that they have heard whi'stlss, such as Giles used to blow as signals to his wife, sound through the suburbs of Providence, when no train was coming up the road. THULY there is something in the unruffled calm of nature that overawes our little anxieties and doubts; the sight of the deep blue sky and the clustering stars above seem to impart a quiet to the mind. 