I ECHOES OF THE DAY. i 1,'uom tub law courts. I jlaoDcrtnnlfc waa rending somo extracts I from ft will in Chambers, when iio gave voufc to l,o following :-M Ji» "tlio County of Bourko, fpinncrnry. Mr JuBtico Jlnlrnyd mnilcil, mm iJencrnl laugh ran through tho court. Of rotirrft ho explained lime no liau mis- .Lpn word for tho famous Tirmornry. Jriio otlmr day ho finked Mr Duffy if L tl, ought ho wan 44 ho intensely Irish" an to Lid something that) was , nob beforo .him. Granting Ihnt Mr TnoDcrinott in nob "so In- toiiwly JrisU an Inn Iliborniim friends would iittkt' out, and tlmb It i« a very long timo sinco holiad anything to do with Thiggm Thu, yub it is very hard for tho learned gentleman to Miuutd'hif whist.4 'J'lie reading of Weston a allldavit in tho Full Com thy Mr Isaacs, brought repeated smiles io the usually serious faces of tho three learned judges, and' Mr Isaacs himself undoubtedly tiijuyrd thu contents of the document in whieli tho boss of tho niggers" set forth how ho came to a bail end. 'J.ho-wny Weston black- halls the Melbourno HeculnriHts and Mr Joseph iSym«;s would make an ordinary ClnuUan believo that tho inventor of thu ttgftpard Oil" was about to go on tho Annga to propagnto » now doctinoof a short cut to heaven. .Patent medicines, minstrels, and troubadours have Burred him badly, ami there kcoiuh to he nothing left for lum 'but to let out on a "blood and tiro" campaign, coupled with tho most deadly hatred to tho Melbourne seonlnristu. J lo attributes Ids financial failure at tho Nugget Theatre to the "extraordinary notoriety " given to it by the Iktnlar Association's Sunday .night enter- iiiimienls, which brought it into ill. V-or with the general lntblic. 14 Tho action of the Secularists, am! tho constantly recurr ing agitations of their chief, Mr.jofiophSymeH, resulting in his prosecution, brought an un enviable notoriety to the theatre, thus keeping away the very suction of tho community for whom he catered." This is the religious con fession of Weston, tho mvcnto-i of 14 Wizard Oil," which _ was pub out of tho race by "Jacob's Oil," "Vuin Paint," 44 Hop THttem," and Old Mother Gum 44 Sooth ing Syrup." "Tho Mistakes of Moses" are often dragged to tho front, and occasion ally tho secular atrocities of thu Melbourno Ha'shi- Ha/ouks arc pretty well bcKjmttercd with mud, but when a caterer for (kl front teats to fld l».ick seats, who undertakes to edu cate tho public, reform their morals, and ele vate their taste with "Maria Martin, or the Murder nt tho Red Burn," "Turpi u's itido to York," "Jack Sheppard." 44 Sweeney Todd, the Fleet street Barber, and such lUBthctio productions holds up nefarious gatherings to the sentiments of pious horror, it io time Pvmes and hits disciples gavo up tho ghost. Adam Smith says that entertainments of tho Weston typo arc tho !>c.sb antidote to the black melancholy fijiokon of by that eminent economist, and Weston, in limiting a target of Byrnes, seems to forget this. Judgo Moles- worth left Weston on hot irons, possibly not caring togivohim a clean slate, and tho Pull Court refused to grant Ins appeal. Wo may next hear of tho nigger boss 41 bobbing up Bcrcnclv" as tho inventor of a children s "Baud of Mercy" or "Juvcnilo Baud of Kindness," or "Initio Dickie Bird Society," or it may bo that ho will yet distinguish him self as "a matrimonial agent." A curioua enso was revealed to Sir Justico Molrovd. in Chnmbm-fl. vesfiM. day. by Mr Fisher. lb appeared that a girl of i.onsdftlo street cast, in May last year, was in tho servico of a merchant, of Fast Melbourne. According to Mr Usher, her mnstcr gavo her " a jolly good hiding," striking her especially about tlio head. As a consenuonco tho master was to appear at the l'olico Court : but beforo tho case cumo on thrco solicitors, brought . together by dif ferent partica, drow up a doctl, whereby tho master was exonerated. It was alleged that tho girl was persuaded to sign this deed when she was still suffering from tlie effects of tho thrash ing, and in n half-dazed state. When she came to Iter senses she proceeded with her ease in the Police Court. Tho magistrates dismissed it, but gave tho dofondnnb no costs. She then sued her master In tho County Court, but tho latter summoned her to find L2D costs. This she choso to do, but discontinued her actiou and paid defen dant's costs, LGIGb. Sho began again, howovor. In tho Couuty Court, and was nguln summoned to find security for costs. The capo was then adjourned till Juno this year, and afterwards adjourned till July, Wljen July catno tho judgo struck tho ease out with-' out _ costs, tlioro being tio nnpcarauco on either side. Tho girl now brings nor action through ACr Fisher into tho Supremo Court, and Al'r Hodges appears to stop lior from going any further till she finds eccurity for costs. It was said that this was an abuse of the process of Court, thoro being anothor caso i vending in the County Court. Air Fisher snid if a person happened to bo poor, a caso might go on for over. His Honor said tho defendant hud begun too soon; adding that if the defendant wore to go on as he had done, the caso might go on for ever. At lunch timo his Honor adjourned tho ease, a proceeding quito in keeping with its history, to bo brought up again to-day, or somo time beforo the Judgment Ikiy. Tho history of tho cnsoccrtainly presents a curious specimen of law, or tho process of law. Afr Sergeant Sleigh, tho well-known Crim inal Advocate, and who was out hero 6otno years ago, and whoso income at tho Criminal Bar amounted to a thousand a year, laid tho foundation of # his success as a criminal barrister by taking ono guinea fees for defend ing prisoners at tho Old Bailey. Why do not somo of our junior barristers do tlio sauio instead of loafing round tho Courts? Per haps thoywill do so under amalgamation Mr Justice Windcyor, tho divorco judgo, in New South Wales, has laid down Llmt brutal treatment of a child by tho father, if it entails Injury to tho mother's health, may bo regarded as legal cruelty to tlie mother, xl'us luunano doctrine certainly seems a great advance on tho tenets of divorco, as propounded by tho Victorian Divorco Courts. Hero it h adjudged not to be cruelty for a husband to knock liis wife down like a dog, communicate illness or upbraid her with tho vilest of names, no mutter what the conscquenco to her health or hnppl- MCBsmaybn 1 It is said that tho Full Court, as at present constituted, will finish its labors to-day. Thero are, however, a number of appeals termed' "from singlo judges," somo being from the decisions of Air Just'eo Kerf ord and Somo from the decisions of Air Justice Webb, both thcHO judges now sitting in tho Full Court witli Air Justice lligiubotham. As an appeal caiuiob bo mmlo to tho judgo who first tried a case, tho Full Court has reached a block. Ono learned counsol says thero aro appeals that have been 44 hanging on for ages," and aro likely to be hanging on for ages to cbino if things aro not altered. Anotlior Supremo Court judgo is badly wanted, and counsel in tho Law Courts nro anxiously waiting for his ndvont. The Acceptance of the position of a judgeship byeitherAlrA'BccUoltorDr Aladden, will, no doubt, entail a loss of income to tho cxcout of about L150Q. Tho loss of income, however, sustained by a leading colonial barrister on accepting a judicial appointment, is nothing cuuqjurun io nine incurred uy n leading Jngiisu one. It is well-known that Sir Fnrrcr llers- chell, prior, to his acceptance of tho post of IjtU'd Chanoellor in tho Gladstone Ministry, last Novomber, was making an incomo of over L2Q,000. On his acceptance of tho alvovo just this magnificent incomo dropped to iil.0,000, this being the salary attached to tho oflicu of Lord Chancellor. Now, by tho resig nation of tho Gladstone Ministry, Sir Fnrrcr will have to content himself with an income of only L5000 ; this being tho allowance of an ex-Lord Chancellor— or a drop of LID, 000 in ins income. 