%\xz Contributor. AT A STREET CORNER. Mr. Surra ? A Merchant. Mr. Beown ... A Broker. Mr. Robinson ... An M.P. Mr. Smith— Well, we are having pretty rough times of it in South Australia juat now. It seems to me the wholeof the plagues of Egypt are being let loose upon us, and that every body is deceiving everybody else, Talk about ten just men in Sodom ! could we show one in Adelaide and those that ain't rogues seem mainly fools. Mr. Brown — Yes, we seem to have a regular ten-bushel crop of rogues about us, but thank the Lord wehaveatwenty- bushelcrop of fools ; and if it were not so the brokers would not get on eo well as they do. Just you give us tlie slightest ghost of a hint about any company and see what we'll make out of it. I have many a time clothed the most shadowy innuendos with such an appearance of moat solemn and potent reality that I have frightened dozens of silly shareholders into the wildest state of consternation and dismay, and induced them to put their shares into my hands for sale without reserve. These very share holders might have gone to the secretary of the company and have found out directly, if they had chosen, that three-foucths of what I have told them was the grossest exaggeration ; but they were fools, you see, and did not^adopt this simple precaution. Mr. Robinson — Well, old man, I don't think the combined imaginative faculties of the whole of the brokers on 'Change could have concocted a yarn half as startling as the facts divulged at the Commercial Bank meeting on Thursday. Here was a model board and a model manager — a board which looked down on other boards from the giddy height of its own commercial reputation and its high moral standard; and a manager who pointed with pride to Mb board, as his board pointed with pride to its manager. If this immaculate com bination of all the talents could make such a howling mess of it, what may be expected from the mediocrity which controls the other lead ing commercial institutions of the city ? Mr. Smith — I am beginning to think that perhaps after all mediocrity is the safest. Mediocrity takes pains, is slow to arrive at conclusions, mistrusts its own first impressions so much as to pause and think the thing over, and does not suppose that it can focus the whole universe with one glance of its eagle eyes. Mediocrity in the case of the Commer cial Bank might have assumed that it was just possible its manager could take it io, and might have been to some pains to add ap t*ie figures accordingly. I think it is about time the stupid people of the world got a chance to manage its affairs, seeing that the clever people have landed us in such a muddle. Mr. Brown — I don'c think we should use up the stupid people in business though. I have always regarded them aa being specially set apart for members of Parliament and Ministers of the Crown. Look at the state of affairs into which we in this country are drifting now, and not one man puts forth a single suggestion to hit us out of the 'Blough of despond' in which we are fast. There isn't a single mem ber of the Ministry in whose ability to manage the afiairs of State the country has the slightest confidence. Mr. Robinson— 1 quite agree with you, and the humiliating patt of the whole thing is that if they were turned out to-morrow the men who would take their places would be equally mistrusted. In Victoria they go in for a coalition Ministry and so succeed in getting a good one, being thus able to pick from both sides of the House. If we did the same thing here we might improve matttrs somewhat. The decadence of our public men is a serious blow to the success of representative institu tions in this colony. Let us hope that some good man will come to the front ere long and save us from sinking deeper and deeper into the mire, I suppose this unfortunate failure of the Commercial Bank will interfere some what with the floating of our newloan, although Idon't see why it should, because, as the Advertiser very well put it in an article on Thursday last, 'the failure of the bank is in no way attributable to the condition of the colony, but is simply the result of a mode of management which would have wrecked any bank iu the inost prosperous country in the world.' Mr. Brown — Yes, we rather got the wind taken out of our sails there. If it had not been so clearly shown that the management and not the country was at fault hi regard to the stoppage of the Commercial Bank we should have got up a nice little panic in the shares of the other local institutions ; because we could have easily frightened timid share holders into the belief that what applied to one bankwouldultimatelyoperateagainsttheothers. It was an awful sell to have such a chance of brokerage taken away from us so effectually, and the worst of it is people are now settling down to a eense of security again, and who knows how we are going to work up another scare, for a scare we must have somehow, or how the dickens shall we live ? Mr. Smith — I cannot understand how share holders who have been eo often humbugged and bamboozled by brokers continue to believe in groundless rumor and dangerous half truths which they circulate. Why don't they go to the secretaries of the companies and find out the truth for themselves ? Mr. Brown — Because, as Thomas Carlyle eays, 'they are mostly fools,' and a joliy good job for the brokers that such is the case or Othello's occupation would be gone. I thank a beneficent Providence every day of my life for having afforded me such a wide field in which to exercise my talents. . Mr. Smith— I should thank a beneficent Government every day of my life if it brought in a Bill. to regulate the whole business of brokerage, and place it on a respectable and honorable footing. Mr. Robinson — I am afraid that bank shares will be at a heavy discount for some time to come. I have heard of a number of cases of serious hardship to many who have placed the savings of a lifetime in Commercial Bank shares. It seems to me that the unfortunate shareholders will not get a penny of their money back. I don't see why there should be a call except to pay off the depositors and holders of notes, who may argue that they should not be expected to wait the realisation of the bank's assets before getting their money back ; and of course there are hundreds who if they have to wait will suffer great incon venience and loss. All kinds of complications are bound to arise out of this most disastrous affair, and it certainly does seem as though the plagues of Egypt were let loose upon us. Mr. Brown— Oh, no ; not all the plagues. There is another one to come at the end of May — Parliament will reassemble then. The Government will tell us that on account of the bad harvest (which everybody save themselves knew to be an acknowledged fact last Novem ber when the Estimates were before the House) the Treasurer's estimate of re ceipts has not come up to expectations (which every one but the Treasurer knew). They will tell us that we must hare a Stamp Act (which ought to have been passed last session) ; and they will probably suggest some other modes of taxation, taking good care that none shall fall on the land ; but they won't tell us, what I for one sincerely believe to be the fact, that they are in league with the squatters to prevent the further construction of rail ways to develop the country, because the squatters know that if more money is bor rowed for this purpose it might be necessary to increase the taxation on the land pending the railways returning interest on then- cost. Talk about brokers ! why they are not half as deep as politicians. Mr. Robinson— 1 am afraid you lire at Glenelg, and have a down on the Government about the Beatrice. The Ministry have done their best according to their lights ; many of them are new to office, and have probably much to learn, but Bray and Downer are old experienced politicians, and ought to know what the country wants. My fear, however, in regard to them is that they don't quite pull together, and that there is a difficulty about two euch planets shining in one orbit. Mr. Smith — I hope for better things from this Government next session, as they have now had some experience together, bat I don't like the hint about their being in leagre with the squatters, as we shall never get any fair adjustment of the incidence of taxation or any real development of the country if that is the case, 