"GOD'S ACRE." There are many roads in this world, and each has its travellers. There is the road to ambitions heights, on which restless, eager, and daring spirits jostle each other in their impetuous course; there is the road in the lowly valley of common life, along which myriads toil with heavy burdens and few joys; there is the road to riches, and misers reach the end thereof bound in heavy chains of greed and avarice; there is the road to sensuality—a loathsome, bestial way; there is the road to honor—rugged, breezy and healthy; there is the road to drunkenness, with its staggering, blear-eyed, travellers and appalling poverty and wretchedness; there is the road to total absti- nence, with its well-dressed people, its comfort, and its bigoted spirit; there is the broad road to destruction and the narrow way to life:— but, strange to tell, however various and devious the paths of humanity, they all at last converge on the road that leads to the grave —the house appointed for all. Though peopled by millions upon millions, it is a silent home. "There the wicked cease from troubling, and the weary be at rest." It is appointed unto all men once to die, and none are exempted from this inexorable decree. The body must return to the bosom of the great mother from which it sprang, and moulder into dust. Is that the final end of it, or shall it, as Christians believe, like seed planted in the ground, spring up again in due season—the righteous dead in all the glorious beauty of immortal youth, to be re- inhabited by the same spirit purified and exalted, and in comport with the imperishable form? This is a grand faith which tends to raise humanity from the grovelling of earth to the nobility of heaven. Sandhurst has two rooms in the universal house—one at the White Hills, and the other called the Back Creek Cemetery. It is the latter to which special reference is now made. This is under the care of the City Council, with Mr. Redpath as sexton. It is of considerable extent (40a). It is situated about a mile from the Post Office, and is approached by a good road and footway. A paling fence encloses three sides, and on the fourth side, facing the road alluded to, it is guarded by an unsightly, low, broad, stone wall, supporting an ugly iron rail- ing. At the main entrance are iron gates, and just inside is the sexton's residence. About a hundred yards from the gate, at the end of the straight walk, is the small but handsome mor- tuary chapel. The grounds for a short distance from the lodge have gravelled walks, neat bor- ders, beds of flowers and shrubs, and trimmed trees, but a great deal more might be done in the way of ornamentation. Each of the religious denominations has allotments of ground wherein to bury its own dead— divided in life, they are even divided in death, common leveller though Death be. These divisions are the Roman Catholic, Church of England, Presbyterian, Independent, Baptist, Wesleyan, the "heathen Chinee," and the Secularist, or civilised heathen, as they have been called. There are many tombstones, the bulk of them being plain, unpretending slabs of granite or marble, generally of Gothic shape. Some of them are polished red, grey, or dark granite, either singly or in combination, and are very pleasing. A considerable number are handsome, imposing and conspicuous. Numerous graves, of course, have nothing but an iron peg, numbered, to mark the spot where a dear one lies. The Presbyterian and Church of England divisions perhaps contain the finest monuments. In the latter, that to the memory of the late kind-hearted citizen, J. K. Smith, is admirable. It is a square-capped pedestal of granite, partly polished. A less pretentious but no less appropriate stone is a small blue- stone cross, erected to the memory of Augustus Heise, father of Mrs. J. L. Ballantyne. A flat, polished granite tomb, with pretty artificial wreath in the centre marks the resting place of G. H. S. Mueller, son of Mr. Ernest Mueller. It is a novel variation in the monumental way. Old Bendigo is recalled at the sight of the beautifully polished dark granite pillar, on square pedestal, to the memory of Richard and William Francis, two of its merchant princes, and adjoining is a similar effective monument, keeping in remembrance a clever Sandhurst medical man, Dr. James Hoyle. Another very pretty commemoration stone is a white marble pillar on square foundation, bearing the name of T. J. Connelly. In front of this is a stone cross marking the spot where George A. Fletcher, once town clerk of Sandhurst, and noted for his dusty roads, is laid. A very effective and singular appearance is given to a fine Gothic-shaped monument erected to the memory of the wife of Mr. William Gibbs by a trimmed pine tree partly enclosing and forming a dark back-ground. In the Presbyterian division the finely polished granite monument to the memory of Joseph Millin, a once mining king of Bendigo is very conspicuous; while a large and beauti- fully polished Gothic shaped granite stone, erected to the memory of the wife of Mr R. Carr, is noteworthy of its kind. There is also a very neat marble slab at the head of the grave of the wife of Mr. J. Buick. One of the finest monuments in the ground is that erected in memory of Ebenezer Neill, once Mayor of Sandhurst. It is a polished granite pedestal, capped with an urn. A pretty marble column commemorating the death of Jane Gil- lespie bears the following fine verse:— "We know that therebeyond death's gloomy portal. Though none return our longing eyes to greet, On that bright shore where love becomes im- mortal, Earth's children shall again their loved ones meet." There is a very handsome erection to the memory of Mr. Joseph Hunter and his wife, and a similar monument keeps remembrance dear of the wife and three children of Mr. D. Whyte. In the Baptist ground there are not many tombstones. That to the memory of Richard Haynes is the most prominent. Adjoining this division is the Chinese ground, and the chief object here is the brick furnace where the mourners burn incense paper and perform other singular religious services. Little stone or wooden slabs, bearing Chinese characters, mark a number of the graves. In the Independent ground are two notable monu- ments, one to the memory of Mr. John Wybrant—who left a handsome bequest to the Sandhurst Mechanics' Institute—and the other marking the resting place of the late William Knight and six children. In the Wesleyan division, special attention is attracted to the handsome polished granite column com- memorating Henry Hattam, an active local poli- tician and councillor, who occupied the position of mayor at the time of his death; while in the immediate vicinity is a beautiful monument to the memory of Charles Crawford, another active worker for local improvements. The Roman Catholic ground contains several prominent monuments. That erected to the memory of the wife of Mr. John Crowley is striking, and bears the loving inscription: "A good Christian and a charitable woman." A Gothic-shaped polished granite stone, to the memory of Patrick and Charlotte Curtain, is handsome; and a polished granite column and cross, erected to the memory of Thomas O'Grady and four chil- dren, by his wife, is elegant. One monument recalls a sad event on a very joyous occasion. It was erected by public subscription, to the memory of Sylvester Francis Cahill, nine years and eight months, who died from burns caused by the model ship "Galatea" taking fire on the occasion of the Duke of Edinburgh's visit to Sandhurst in 1867. In the Church of England part there is a similar column to the memory of Thomas M. Walters, aged 10 years 2 months, who also died from burns sustained in the same model ship. In the important matter of life companionship, these lads were together, acting and re-acting on each other's character, but in the insignificant matter of place of burial, the bitterness of sects divided them. Where public honors are accorded to the dead, there ought to be an elevated place set apart for the monu- mental records, leaving the sects to wrangle over the festering corpse. The universal brotherhood, with grander view and nobler aim, should exalt the virtues which belong to all people; their memorials of the good, the great and the glorious, should be set on a hill as a beacon light for humanity, and not hidden under the black curtain of bigotry. On rising ground, is the handsome Corinthian pillar erected by the public of Bendigo, in 1862, in honor of the Victorian explorers, Burke, Wills, Gray, and King, who first crossed the continent of Australia, King alone surviving the privations and suffering under which his three ill-fated companions sank. Some of the older gravestones of sandstone have decayed and the inscriptions are obliterated; while the lettering on some wooden slabs has been effaced. In one instance the iron railing round the grave has tumbled over. The time-honored words—"Here lies"—of old country cemeteries are discarded here, whether from a change in the fashion of it, or an acute perception of the fitness of things, it is needless to inquire, but in their place are "Sacred to the memory," or "Erected in remembrance." The statistics of the cemetery shows several interesting facts. For some years after it was opened its occupants were chiefly infants and young people, but upon Sandhurst obtaining its excellent water supply a marked diminution speedily followed in this particular death rate, thus clearly indicating that pure water for drinking purposes, and a sufficient supply for cleanliness, lengthened life. A great debt of gratitude is due on the part of the young to those who gave Sandhurst its grand water supply, as it has doubtless saved thousands of their lives. It is a little over 33 years since Bendigo was opened, and it has been calculated that the persons buried in the district equal in number the existing population. There are notable peculiarities belonging to each of the sects shown on the tombstones. For instance, the Roman Catholic stones are generally marked with a cross, and such in- scriptions as "R.I.P.," "Requiescat in Pace," and "May her soul rest in piece." These are strangely indicative of the teachings in life; there is the evidence of a beautiful trust in "The Cross," but united with it a prayer that the soul of the dead may rest in peace. In this is evinced an apprehension or fear as to the fate of the departed. How different is this to the stern, decided belief expressed on the Presbyterian monuments! "I know that my Redeemer liveth"; "With Christ, which is far better"; "He sleeps in Jesus"; "Forever with the Lord"; "He is not dead, but sleepeth"; "They shall see His face"; "Every atom of my trust rests in hope again to rise"; "We seek a better country, our home is beyond the tide"; and in many cases there is but the bare record of the birth and the death, as if the fate of the dead was irrevocably fixed; and it was unnecessary to express any hope in the matter. There is a perfect knowledge expressed which throws out fear and uncertainty. The Baptist inscriptions express a longing for heavenly joys and a tender remembrance of dear ones gone to the abode of bliss. The Wesleyan inscriptions affectionately dwell on the sound of Jesus' name, and have a trium- phant ring about them. "Only for Jesus"; "She fell asleep in Jesus"; "Go, by angel guards attended, t0 the sight of Jesus"; "He shall gather the lambs in His arms;" "Gone with Christ, which is far better." "For ever with the Lord." "Home at last." "Blessed are the dead who die in the Lord." "Safe in the arms of Jesus." The Episcopalian inscriptions are indicative of strong faith and remembrance of loved ones. "One by one our friends depart." "Blessed sleep." "A voice from our household gone." "Happy are they who believe in the Lord." On many graves are little bundles of flowers, in wreaths or in cups or jugs, telling a sweet tale of yearning affection. A glance at the ages on the inscriptions reveals the fact that the sweet infant, the hopeful youth, the vigorous man and the white haired patriarch, are all cut down by the scythe of the destroying angel and gathered into the silent tomb. What hopes, what joys, are buried under the sod! Death is no respecter of persons. "Wise men die; likewise the fool and the brutish person." The mightiest ruler and the meanest beggar must yield to his cold and powerful grip. It is needful that all should be ready when he appears. To some he comes suddenly, like a flash of lightning; to many mercifully, like the creeping shadows of night. He is a dread monarch—a king of terrors to the wicked; the righteous fear him not, as he is but the menial who opens the door for them to the glorious mansions of the Lord of Life. Happy are they who, in view of his inevitable approach, can sing the triumphant song, "Oh Death! where in thy victory? Oh, Grave! where is thy sting?" At one grave there is a humble slab, bearing this touching memorial: "Our little Polly, aged four years and ten months," and at another "Georgie with Jesus." Indeed, on every side are sad memorials that Death reaps an abundant harvest amongst the very young. How many mothers and fathers have been pierced with the keenest anguish at the loss of little ones, whose prattling and inno- cent ways have wound chains of love around their hearts! Greater, surely, is this harvest than it ought to be. What is the cause? Is it that the vices of the age have de- teriorated the race, and thereby prematurely nipped the bud of life? Is ignorance or neglect responsible for so large an infantile sacrifice? In the first ages of our race, parents, under the in- fluence of religious fervor, frequently burned their children, to appease and propitiate the gods; and we regard them as having been in human savages. But in this epoch of boasted high civilisation, children are no less surely sacrificed, for the records of the grave bear tes- timony. Wherein, then, is the difference be- tween the civilised and the savage parent? Bitter tears have been shed over these darlings of the hearth; but there is a sweet solace for the mourners, for the Great Teacher has said, "There angels do always behold the face of My Father which is in heaven." The tears, there- fore, should be tears of joy. The inscriptions bear record, also, that Death lays remorseless hands on the strong man, as well as the weak. The ship strikes a rock, and with its living freight is swallowed up in the great sea. Railway trains meet in dreadful collision, and many deaths ensue, and the stalwart miner is killed by an unexpected explosion or fall of rock. Blessings on those who have labored to lessen these life's risks. The aged, too, yield up the ghost at the inevitable summons. "Died at the age of 70 years." "Died at the age of 80 years." Such are inscriptions, but no surprise is felt at this, because they have reached the allotted span of human life. Happy are they who fear not the going, and doubly blessed are they if they can look back on a life of usefulness and integrity; if they can feel that in their day and generation they have done some- thing for their fellow-creatures, that they have succoured some wretched outcast, relieved some dire distress, comforted some aching heart, and brought hope and gladness to some despairing soul. Such a life covers a multitude of sins, for it is the God-like exercise of the greatest of the divine graces—Faith, Hope and Charity. 