Football. "WARRIGAL. [Secretaries of country clubs are requested to send Gossip for this col*mn.] Pktuees : August 7, Brisbane v. Ipswich-Queen's Parle. As the season has progressed, it seems very strange that an increased tendency to rough play should characterise the three games of football played in and around Brisbane. As the season terminates at the end of the present month, it is hardly worth dealing with just now, ibut I would suggest to the governing bodies of the various games to take some steps in the beginning of next season to punish the offenders-say by debarring them from playing for certain periods. The programme of the trip of the Wide Bay team playing under the Australian rules, has now been definitely decided on. The matches are as follows : -Wide Bay v. Combined Brisbane and Ipswich, August 18, at Albert Sports Ground; Wide Bay v. Brisbane Club, August 21; Wide Bay v. Toowoomba, August 24, at Toowoomba; Wide Bay v. Ipswich, August 25, at Ipswich ; and Wide Bay v. combined Excelsiors and Rovers, August 28, at Albert Sports Ground. The following are the namns of the Mary borough portion of the team:-Messrs. Adair, Booker, Corser, Eckersley, Hunter, Maitland, Montgomery, Stafford, Waterston, Woodrow, Young, Nicholas, Thompson, and Trivett. Steps are being taken for the reception and entertainment of the team during their stay in the metropolis, but this I am given to understand will be done on a smaller scale on account of the limited funds of the Queensland Football Association. Further particulars of the first Intercolonial match, played on the 24th July last, are to hand, from which it appears that the match was a for ward" game, and in this department Tom Manson was specially conspicuous; Durham, Frank Baynes, Eddison coming next on the list. Orr, at quarter, also played a good game, his taekling of "Jumbo" being a treat to witness. Byron (who appears, to have been mistaken for Manson) did not play up to form at all, and appears to have borne little or no weight in the scrimmages. The Rovers' ball committee are hard at work still, as from latest accounts they have secured the ser vices of-flerr Bosentengel for the music, and White house, of Ipswich, for the catering, and as these two items are important ones, they should be a greater inducement to the footballers to roll up in goodly numbers on the 28th of next month. Tom Bothamley, who I remember playing in the Excelsiors in 1879-80, made his appearance in the field last Saturday in the Wallaroo ranks. Tom thinks that football is a noiser game now than in the old dayson the then South Brisbane reserve. The junior Kovers managed to turn the tables on their old opponents, the junior Excelsiors, last Saturday on the Albert Sports Ground, owing to the latter's erratic goal kicking. The Bockhampton trip is now definitely settled. The team leave Brisbane on the 10th, returning on the 19th, and will be chosen from the following: Uickson, Murphy, Kerr, Tayloe, Hughes, Farquhar, Campbell, A. Pratten, G. Manson, Howell, Heastie, Arnot, Macartney, Farrington, Caldwell, Haseler, Haselhurst and Gardner. The following is the first team of the city of the three S's-Messrs. Coffin, C. S. Jones, Smith, Gorrie, Crane, Dickie, Skeene, Laird, Burns, Galbraith, Schmidt, Mathias, Mackay, Oelricks and MfWilliam. Great interest is being taken in the matches, which promise to be very successful. Philiipson, of the Fortitudes, is evidently a school boy yet as regards football, as on Saturday last, when Tom Pratten would not give way on a certain point in the game, he said, " I'll go off the field, and I won't play with you any more." The Fortitudes should relegate him to the ranks, as that is his proper place. The victory of the Excelsiors against the Unions at Ipswich amply repays them for the big defeat experienced at that town some time back* The win appears to have been a popular one, and more so with their zealous and jovial vice- president, Mr. J. C. Moffatt. Would that the footballers of Brisbane possessed a few more like him. Queensland v. New South Wales.-Played at Sydney on Saturday last and won by the latter by 28 points to five. Tom Maneon obtained the try for the Banana landers, from which Roberta kicked a good goal. From the way in which several of the Queenslanders were knocked about, it would appear that the Welshmen were determined to win at all hazards, but this will not be known until the arrival of the team in Brisbane, so I will hold over my comments till a later issue. Fireflies v. Sand gate.-Played at Sand gate on Satur day last, and won by the former by 13 points to nil. Byrnes obtained four tries and Gl-raham one, one goal being kicked from the former. Wallaroos v. Fortitudes.-This match, which was played at Kedron Park, ended in a fiasco, as Tom Pratten had to withdraw his men from the field. The Fortitudes, with two or three exceptions, viz., Silvester, Eason and Spencer, are evidently unacquainted with the rules, the infringment of which made their opponents talkative, as well as themselves. As the Fortitudes are at present constituted it would be well for the N.R.U. to look after them somewhat stricter. Excelsiors v. Unions.-Played at Ipswich and won by the former by 3 goals 5 behinds to 8 behinds. Cotham (2) and W. Hutton were the successful goal kickers for the winners. The Unions seemed to fare badly as Jeff coat, Lennon and J. Real had tries for goal in which they were unsuccessful; For the winners Loughnan, Cotham, English, Perkins, O'Carroil, Greenwood and Welaby, and for the losers, M'Donald, Lennon, Ban some, White, Martin, Little, and M'Grath were pro minent in their various positions on the field during the afternoon. The game was an exceedingly pleasant one as there was not the slightest ill feeling of any kind exhibited during the time of play. Brisbanes v. Rovers.-This match was played in the Gardens, and was not up to first-class form, the Rovers being weakened by the absence of 8 of their first twenty. They managed to play a good uphill game, however, but PS their opponents played too well together, they were unable to gain any advantage. The reds won by eight goals to nil. Junior Rovers v. Junior "Excelsiors-Played at the Albert Sports Ground, and wou by the former by 2 goals 6 behinds to 1 goal 11 behinds. Rosewood v. Second Ipswich,-Played at Rosewood and won by the latter by 9 goals 13 behinds to 3 behinds. The Rosewood, though defeated, showed considerable improvement in their play, and will be able to give a good account of themselves shortly. A GREAT meeting' of freemasons was to take place in Springsure on the 16th, but few put in an appearance. Jimmie Bryden, Emerald's jolly pub lican, was there; also two or three from Clermont. Devitt and Co.'s engine brought them to Fernlees, where the " Special" and Bro. Huston met them, and drov^ them to Springsure. The latter had a good repast spread for the whole brotherhood after the meeting terminated. Jollification kept up till the " wee sma' hour ayont the twal." GEORGETOWN is without a medical man at pre sent, Dr. Gunn having left for the South. TOOWOOMBA has lost that genial little fellow, C. H. Hodgson, who for years held a prominent position in the Bank of New South Wales. He has been removed to Roma. THE new board of the St. George Hospital is con stituted as under:-Mr. B. D. More head, president; Mr. Amos, vice-president; Mr. Tosh, treasurer; Messrs. Whyte, Lamb, Goddard, Abrahams, Payne, Anderson, McMahon, Munroe, Sutherland, and Stevenson members of the board. Messrs. Casper and Whippell, auditors. BARRON, from Queensland, was the highest Australian scorer in the contest for the Kolahore Cup at Wimbledon, which was won by England. Barron scored 88, and Grimes 83. AT a meeting of the Townsville Municipal Council, the Mayor ruled Alderman M'Kierman out of order on a certain point, upon which the alderman sat down, saying that he did not care a rush for the ruling of the council. What a Rushian ; Alderman M'Kierman should tak' Keer man. SAMUEL R. POPE, who was charged at the Roma Police Court with tampering with a letter, the pro perty of the Postmaster General, and with the larceny of £20, was found not guilty, and discharged. THE Registrar General of New South Wales has sent in his estimate of the population of that colony, on the 30th June last, as under:-Males, 561,429; females, 442,438; total, 1,003,867. J AMIES ROONEY, Doctor of Medicine, has been sent to gaol for two months by the Townsville Police Court Bunch. The charge against him was vagrancy. DURING the debate in Committee 011 the Justices' Bill, and giving expenses to witnesses., Sirrah Sam said-" Up to the present they had always gone on the principle that it was the duty of every man, if need ba, to sacrifice himself to a certain extent to the ends of justice and the good of the community. If no one was to give his services to the country without being paid for it, they would have to increase the taxation very largely.-" Sam loq. " Let legislators cop two hundred pounds, And let us pay our worthy judges' screws, But as for witnesses' expenses, zounds! List, till I let you hear my honest views. " Each man, I think, should sacrifice himself, And his help to the country should give gratis; Except ourselves, let us be paid with pelf, When that is done, thenlet us shout jam, satis.'* THAT is a wonderful name which is borne by the tree which Mr. Palmer managed to get protected by law-<c Calophyllum Inophyllum." The Lunatic says it reminds him of the last occasion when he went into the Australian with the Bard. He said " Call, O! fill 'em/' and the Bard replied, " I no fill em, Toswhollphy 11 am." SAMUEL JOHN PBEK, the well-known and popular Aseayer, of Charters Towers, is no more. About a fortnight ago he complained of a choking sensation, and took medical advice on the subject. For a few days the doctors treated the diseased as a bad case of bronchitis, but they soon found out that it was a hopeless case of aneurism of the heart, and the news went forth that poor Sam, to all appearances in good health and strength, and in the pride of manhood was a doomed man. A few days ended all. He haB now joined the great and Bilent majority at the early age of .39. His death as east a heavy gloom over the Towers, and the news of his decease will bring sorrow and pain to many a friend's heart. Sam was no church-goer-like most men who have knocked about the North-he was " abroad " in his ideas and free of thought, but when the great "panning off" takes place lie will be found amongst the gold. If not, there is little hope for most of UP. His remains were followed to the grave by numerous friends and honored with a Masonic and Military Funeral. Charters Towers has lost a good citizen, and Peek's friends a comrade that can be ill replaced. Vale, Sam ! may we meet again. MANY express surprise that Bell's Life in London, that has existed for over half a century, should give up the ghost. How long do you expect a Bell's Life in London to last P F. CRAWLEY, says the Southport Bulletin, per formed a phenominal feat in fishing by capturing a groper which weighed over 300 pounds at Mr. C. A. Beetham's jetty at Woodlands. It took about half an hour to land the monster, and Mr. Crawley had to get assistance before lie succeeded in getting the fish ashore ARTHUR WOOLRIDGE, manager of the Union Bank, Toowoomba, who has been in ill health for some time back, departed this life on Friday, the 30th ult. He was only 42 years of age, and leaves a widow and six children behind him. THIS is how the Townsville J'JulLelin writes of Lutnley Hill and his attack on Mr. Macrossan: " He is the type of all that a public man should avoid being. Narrow, spiteful, evil thinking, utterly lacking in political principles, he is the helot to whom we can with advantage direct the attention of men seeking honor in a public career, as a 'shocking example* of the evil passions and political excess which are a certain passport to a dishonorable end." That beats Thady O'Kane's style - well, very nearly MESSRS. LYONS & REID have Btarted fish monger ing at Nanango. They are supplying the township with beautiful cod and mullet from Oooyar Creek at two pence per pound. That beats Brisbane. DOCTOBS are getting more and more into the habit of prescribing proprietary medicines in their practice, especially that known as Dr. Bell's (Kidney and Liver) Bitters for diseases of the kidney, liver and bladder. They know from experience that is of more value in such diseases than any prescription they can write. 