Theatre. On Friday, the Gtli inst., the immortal Tragedy of Hamlet was produced by Mr. W. J. Holloway and his talented company in a manner surpassing any of his former efforts. Space this week is too short to allow of any notice sufficiently long to do justice to the various artistes; but the grand scenic effects produced at " Elsinore," -with the magnificent castle back ground, and ocean dashed cliff, solid stone walls, and keep, rendered transparent and the apparition seen through them j the summit of the cliff, where again the appar ition of Hamlet's Father appears to him; the oratory, and all thro, especially in the last act where the curtain rises on a perfectly lovely view, the open grave in the fore ground, a few old tombstones in all their picture squeness scattered at a short distance from it; and in the back ground the church with its beautiful windows, surrounded by innumerable monuments to the departed, groves of poplar trees, and in the middle ground the slanting road down which the mourners with their black velvet covered tier come in Bolemn procession, are not to be passed over without the highest recognition of their merit. " Hamlet" is without doubt, Mr. Hollo ways greatest "Tour de force" in Skakesperian reading, and leaves simply nothing wanting, his appearance being marvellously youthful, and the rich black velvet brocade Venitian doublet and black silk tights giving his well proportioned and manly figure the slimness of youth. Miss Essie Jenyns as " Ophelia," especially, in the mad scene, held the house spell bound, and to the surprise and delight of all who had been wondering how she would manage the quaint weired songs given by poor Ophelia, her fresh sweet voice rang out in perfect melody, and to the unbroken list of successes she has scored, this vocal triumph was another. Mr. Hodson's " Polonius" was a grand and masterly performance; and Mr. Norman's " King " was in many parts truly magnificent, notably the Oratory speech, and his action also excellent, but in the first speech on the chair, and two or three other occasions he seemed to writhe about as if he could not speak comfortably unless he stood up. Mr. Charles Holloway looked and walked in the most approved manner adopted by well brought up ghosts, and delivered his lines with due monotony ; later on, as the second grave digger he was in more congenial business,and as usual secured every token of the highest approval. Mr. Richard Stewart as " Laertes " and in the '* First, Player " was everything tliat could be wished. Mr. Solf was a trusty and manly " Horatio." Miss Nita Steel the prettiest little Osric ever seen on th Brisbane stage, and also made such use of her lines as to impart an importance to her character that ie often over looked, her costume of cream broche and pink satin doublet and cream tights wasbewitchingly becoming. Miss Bate A.rden, as "Gertrude of Denmark," displayed quiet dignity, and made by her refined interpretation of the character rendered that odious person far less hateful than she really should be. Every other member of the company deserves a full share of praise, for no one in any way failed to do justice lo the part allotted him or her; of course all Theatre goers, or " Hamlet " lovers would see at once the changes brought about by Mr. Holloway in his " Lyceum reading of it, and approve the change, as it is the Drama gains much and looses nothing. Tonight (Friday) Mist. Essie Jenyns will play " Juliet" in " Romeo and Juliet," and all who did not. see her in that glorious production in the earlier part of the season should avail themselves of this opportunity. 