A R ELIGIOUS .CA.$. PLAYER, ,d .tA:privat e, soldier,3 by he name.of Richard Lee, ,was ?taen before the magistrates for playing cards during -:Divi~ e :service.; ' Theosergeant - com manded : the:-soldiers ht- the. church, and, when'ithe parsa-"had- read thd .prayers he. took t text Those who had bibles tookl't hem 'iout,. buit this soldier had neither bible bor common prayer book, aiid, pulling. out a pack of cards, he' spread" them" before him. He- first looked at one card and then at the other. The sergeant :of:: the company sa him and' said : . "Richard; put up the cards this-is no place for them."' "N ever mind that." NTWhent th seirvicesa were ovier, the consrtable took Richardi . prisoner.and brought him befodr thieMayor. , , Well," said s the' Mayor, " what "have you brought-the soldier here for," "For playing cards'iii the churdh.' "Well, soldieri, what have you to say for-yourself ?" "Much, sir, I hope," " Very good; if not, I will punish you severely." " I hare been," said the soldier, "about six weeks. on the march, I have' neither bible nor common praver book. 1 have nothing but a pack of cards, and I hope to satify your worship of the purity of my in tentions." Then, spreading the cards before the Mayor, he began with the ace:-" When I see the ace, it re minds me that there is but one God. When I see the deuce, it reminds me of the Father and Son. When I see the tray, it reminds me of the Father, Son and Holy Ghost. When I see the four, it reminds me of the four evangelists that preached- Matthew, Mark, Luke, and John. When I see thefive, it reminds me of the five wise virgins that trimmed their lamps. There were ten, but five were wise, and five were foolish and were shut out. When I see the six, it reminds me that in six days the Lord made heaven andl earth. When 1 see the seven it reminds me that on the seventh day God rested from the great work he had made, and hallowed it. When I see the eight it reminds me of the eight righteous persons that were saved when God destroyed the world, viz., Noah, and his wife, his three sons, and their wives. When I see the nine it reminds me of the nine lepers that were cleansed by our Saviour. There were nine out of the ten that never returned thanks. When I see the ten, it reminds me of the ten commandments which God handed down to Moses on the tables of stone. When I see the king, it reminds me of the great King of Hea ven, which is God Almighty. When I see the Queen, it reminds me of the Queen of Sheba, who visited Solomon, for she was as wise a woman as he was a man. She brought with her 50 boys and 50 girls, all dressed in boy's apparel for King Solomon to tell which were girls and which were boys. The king sent for water fior them to wash. The girls washed to the elbows, the boys to the wrists; so King Solomon told by that. "Well," said the mayor, " You have described every card in the pack except ono." " What is that 1" "The knave," said the Mayor. " I will give your honor a descrip tion of that, too, if you will not be an gry. "I will not," said the Mayor, "if yeu do not term me to be the knave." " The greatest knave I know of is the constable that brought me here." "I do not know," said the Mayor, "if he is the greatest knave, but I know he is the greatest fool." "When I count how 'many spots there are in a pack of cards,. I find three hundred and sixty-five, as many days as there are in a year. When I count the number of cards in a pack I find fifty-two, the number of weeks in a 'year. I find there are twelve picture cards in a pack, representing the number of months in a year; and on counting the tricks I find thirteen the number of weeks in a quarter. So you see, a pack of cards serves for a Bible, an almanac, and a common Praver Book." Then the Mayor let him go. 