Miscellaneous. At Portland (Vio.), on Friday last, a man named Try bulla ted himislf par a revolver. The South Australian Government doesn't want the Vanoourar Island cable. They ara warned by example. Arthur Adair was again before the Watei Police Court on Friday. Remanded until the arrival ol warrant from England. At the Central, the other day, Sydney McGovern and W. Einohala were committed for assaulting 'and robbing Robert Turner in Sussax ?treat. ' . ..- . Y ;; : The Prince of Wales— not Bertie, but a ' ateam-tug— was run' down - and ... sunk by the . ship Peterborough on Friday morning. Engineer and fireman drowned. Thurston represents England on the Anglo-German CommiaBion on :the Samoa : affair. England's Thurston Samoaland opposes -Germany's thirst 'for some mora land. Joseph Banks has gone wrong at Port Augusta (S.A.)— four ohargea of embezalement — committed for trial., Thia ia a nasty jar for the ghost of tha grand old botanist who oame oat with Captain Cook. Barah Horsey, who stabbed Constable Hiokey, has been fined £5 or two months. This is the ifirst Horsey woman the: constable has had deal ings with, and the metallioians refuse to take cog nisance of the affair. When the Prince of W ale» was expected at Niaeara Falls, Mf. Bennett, proprietor of theNlW York Herald, instructed his reporter to aeoure the ytelegraph'wires. could only be'done}J-y(keeping 'them 'at work' on th'e principal of ' First' conie, fir«t served but there, was for a.:. time ^nothing to report. Thfc'j'repbrt'er, .therefore,'^ asked iwhat '.;He should do. 1 Send on tha Book of Proverbs,' was the reply. The Books of Proverbs concluded, the re porter added to . the^last verse,' '''No sign of. 'the Prince. '. What.next ? ! iGivei.us r Bcclesiastes,' wal the answer; and the operators -wera kept at their long and unusual ^Scripture lesson .atra heavy. price until the cannon thundered, and' the' long-expected Prince came ih sight of the great cataract.' In the portfolio of Mr. Longfellow, soon after his death, were found the following lines to his ;wife, which were written by'him in: July, If 79, but '.were not made public until recently : : . In the loner, sleepless, watches of tbe night, A gentle face— the face of one long dead Looks at me from the wall, where round its head The night lamp costs a halo of pale light, Here in this room she died, and sonl more white ~ - Kerer through martyrdom of fl'e was led To its repose ; nor:can in books be read :The legend of a life moro benedight.: : There is a mountain in the distant West That, Bun defying, in its deep x&Tines; Displays $ cross of snow upon its side. . Suoh is the'erbs's I wear upon my breast \- ' These eighteen years, throngh all the ehanginr seenes And Beasons, changeless smee.the day she died. -1 About :6o .years ago j on the coast' 'of Peru, there was -a .story extant- that the -Indians in .Alta Peru-were-in^hpihabit of .chewing: .the leaves of *1 plant :or' shrub',, wfiicli would' 'stava .off hunger, thirst,;sleep,: and faligue,' and that they used it wnen working in the silver nines on such' occasion's : as' they were allowed to raisa ore for their -awn benefit. This shrub was.the ideatical Cocaina. A celebrated traveller remarks .? ' For the past ti years I have been in the constant , habit of: usingi rirythroxylo'n Caca, always taking it ZJ drops in a wiaeglass with' two 'teaspoons of water before 'going a journey or undertaking any unusual exertion i and' as Iam now 8a vears of age, it has, at least, not done' me much harm. ?:I.;' also irepeaU the dose on^ campleting my werk. But the great object I have-in view in asking for, your.no tiea of: the subject is that Cocaine is slid to be a grand '.panacea for seasickness.' This, if truej wauld indeed he a great blessin? to travelling, Mankind, and-'make it indeed a wonder. It is said to deaden'tha nerves of the stomach, aad thus aid in peeping off the 1 mal-de-mer.' 1 i A reporter, having dined with some frienefs,. attended a leoture i afterwards, and favoured the world with the following report : ' Tha lecture last evening was a brilliant affair. The ball ought to have been filled, but, we are sorry to say, only forty persona were . present, - The speaker commenced by saying that he was by birth an ecclesiastical do . duotion ; gave a learned description ol Satan, and his skill in sawing trees. Among other tbinga, he stated that the patriareh Abraham taught Cacropa arithmetic. We trust that the eloquent divint may be induced to repeat that leoture some day.' This is what the leoturer aaid to the reporter : ' Dear Sir, — In a report of my leoture in your beautiful oity, you made Bome mistakes which I wish to cor reot. Ton have made me speak of myself as by birth an ' ecclesiastical deduction.' What I said was that I was not by birth, but only ecclesiasti cally, a Dutchman. Instead of Satan aawing trees, I spoke of him sowing tares. I said nothing of Abraham, but[spoke of die Arabians as being nomads of patriarchal simplicity. I said that Ceorops was the founder of Athens, and instructed the paoplp in Bgrionltnre' 