STRAY NOTES. BY JAMES GRASSIE. A recent traveller asserts that the natives of New Guinea are a simple and unoffending race, pleased with a rattle or tickled with a straw, and he doubts the truth of the statement that at tributes baby eating as one of their propensites. He only however saw a few tribes whose habitat is on the coast line, where fish is so plentiful that there is no necessity for eating each other ; and they showed no desire eat their visitors. He thinks that the ground on boty' sidesof the Fly River could fce"easily drained/'arid'thatthe valuable timber, on it would pay for the draining. The climate is hot, but not more so than that of Borneo ; and the luxuriance of the native herbs and trees shows that the_ soil possesses great fertility, and some parts of it near the ever tranquil sea, are flowery and very beautiful. The birds there are lovely beyond description, and the rose of Sharon W0(ild pale before'some of the Papuan roses; but the' island' excels others chiefly in the 'beauty and utility of its timber-as for instance its yellow mahogany, one tree of which may rival a Honduras one, and there are other trees whose clasp andyalue have not been determined. What the interior is is not yet known to Europeans, apdthe British are very long'winded'in making the discovery. They Bpent mines of wealth over a lossless ex ploration of the dismal pojar regions, " The ghost of a sea, in its white winding: sheet, The ghost o{ a land and its shore But neglect Papua which might beoome a outlet for their super-abundant population The Australian Night Jar, or "More Pork," as it is sometimes called, is a nocturnal bird, so silent in its movements that it flies like a shadow. It is about the sise of a pigeon-its plumage the colour 6f lead, slightly spotted on'its breast and wings with' ^hite. Its' head, which" is flat, ' is very large,' and it can open its mouth wide enough to swallow a large mouse or full grown frog. Its beak is slightly hooked, somewhat re sembling the bill of a hawk, but in magnitude is out of proportion to the size of its body, and it is consequently an ungainly bird. Its eyes are nearly useless to it in day or moonlight, and it sees best in the dark j but its sense of hearing is very aoute. . . - Another pamphlet has appeared op the si)b jeot of the authorship of Junius, the greatest of all newspaper correspondents, and it certainly shakes the claim put forth in favor of Sir Philip Francis, whose title rested on the similarity of his handwriting with that in the manuscripts. It has been found that the writing of a man in one of the public offices at that time much more closely resembles the caligraphy of Janiys, &nd;, in faofc, is identical with it; ana the pamphleteer conjectures, therefore, that that man was merely an amanuensis or copyist engaged by the withering and sarcastic writer, and if he was, he kept liiB secret well. Further, when Woodfall offered Junius a thousand pounds for a letter, the latter replied that he ^as " rgr above pecuniary considerations and would have no gratuity for hia writings," the pamphleteer shows that Francis was bard up for money at the time, and he concludes, therefore, that (he could not have been the auther of Junius? Again when John Wilkes invited him to visit aud dance with Miss Wilkes incognito, Junius, in reply, said "I am too old for dancing," whereas JTrajacis was a great daacep and vara far from h«inn in nM .«.» . THE NIGHT JAR. TOiqpfS AGA^K. It will be seen therefore that the authorship of the Junius corruscations is still shrouded in darkness. GARDENING. Chinamen as gardeners in Australia owe their success to irrigation, and if it was more attended to by Europeans we might have some of the finest gardens in the world here. In the lower mallee country growing on ap parently pure sand sweet melons in, consequence of regular irrigation, have attained a great weight, and there are many rich fruits unknown here which, by means of manure and irrigation would grow as well in the mallee country as they do in their native climes. The wide district vt Benyeo resembles the rice countries of India, and parts of the South Australia border line resemble both in soil and climate, the cotton countries of America. The importance of garden ing is either not generally known or overlooked here. STATE SCHOOLS. The Victorion State seems to be getting tired of school building, which is a more endless task than was at first expected ; and the people at Benyeo, Booroopki, and many other places have been told that if they want schools they must build them themselves. The worst of the matter is that the rejected people have stronger claims on the State than many of those who have palatial schoolhouses, and the rejection looks to them like making fish of one and flesh of an other district, and they naturally ask them selves, "If it is a crime to let h?o or three children run wild at Hotspur, why is it not a crime to let two or three hundred run wild at Benyeo ?" In the country the system is not working nearly so well as people try to believe. Fish. The waterholes about Benyeo are fast drying up, and those in the main line of the watershed daily expose hundreds upon hundreds of tiny fish fully formed, and about a quarter to half an .inch in leDgth. Some of these are evidently bream, others resemble perch, and a few are not unlike diminutive Murray cod. They have, some think, come from a spawning lake, and if so, the loss there must be great. THE DINGO. An adage says that one may " as well hang & dog as give him a bad name and there is truth in the proverb. The dingo, for instance, has a very bad name, and is often painted blacker than he his, for, although he likes a piece of good fat mutton occasionally, there are others of the clan canis as fond of chops as him. For some time back scores of selectors' sheep on Benyeo, near Apsley, were nightly worried, and the mischief was all laid at the door of the much maligned dingo, and cave canem appeared on every tree, with a poisoned bait at the foot of it; but, nevertheless, the night prowler could never be seen, his tracks followed, or his mach inations circumvented. The other morning, however, the real murderer was detected in flagrante delicto, who, although he had five fat wethers at his feet hors de combat, was still kil ling and seemingly inclined to destroy-the whole flock. And " tell it not in Gath, nor repeat it in Aacalon," it was not a dingo, but the selector's own canis ; a favored animal supposed to be as innocent of sheepicide as a hedge- nog. There is a permanent camp of blackfellows at a spring on the outskirts of Bringalbert run, who have a pack of hounds that would delight the eyes of Sir St. George Gore, who kept 300 pointers-more pointers than grouse-at Loch Broom, in Scotland, some years ago. One of these blacks has twenty hang dog looking animals for his share and the others are equally well provided. These sheep in that quarter ought to join a Protection Society, or insure their lives with Mr. James, at Casterton. MORE MILK. An industrious man at Benyeo, while making a dam single handed the other week, came upon a milky way-a kind of spring from whioh some thing like milk exudes copiously. Professor Faraday once made "very fair milk " from magnesia and a few other minerals but at the dam in question the milk comes direct from Nature's laboratory, which ought to be news for the cheese-makers. The dam in question is neither large nor deep, and is what is called in sheep run parlance a " weaver's dam ;" but I could defy the Fat Man at Penola to say that the milk is not worth a dam, however cheaply the dam may be made. DESIGN IN THE UNIVERSE. A geologist who visited Australia some years ago gave an opinion somewhat singular when compared with later revelations. IJe Eaid that generally speaking the upper stratum of the soil is a thin porous. crust of vegetable matter, sand or a combination of both called "crab hole," through which water oozes freely, as through a sponge, and beneath it is clay or some I other deposit impervious to water ; and conse quently all. the rainfall drains through the sur face to the sea, none getting' below to generate thoBe gasses that fertilise the upper soil; but, he added, " Providence, in its own mysterious way, will ultimately find means to let the water down." Last year a farmer living near Horsham, writ ing on the rabbit question, said, " The evil does not rest there (alluding to the destruction of crops) for by burrowing they will drain away all tbe rainfall from the surface of the earth." Can it be possible that the sorely hunted cony is an important agent in the hands of providence used to perfect the structure of Australia. If so we may well exclaim, " How wonderful are the ways of the Creator, and His designs past finding out." He does not select lions, tigers, or elephants as his agents, but proferring feeble creatures, makes the ant, the grasshopper, the cony, and coral insect work out stupendous de- signs, and aid Him in the structure of worlds. 