Ipta^aittte. THE TREASURE OF THORBURNS. By FREDERICK BOYLE, Author of 'On the Border Land,' 'A Good Hater,' 'Camp Notes,' &c; {Published by special arrangement with the author. All rights reserved.] Chapter TT. — The Tkeasuue. ' Menders is thegreat bank of Shuttle ton, a house so well established that the joint-stock companies have not jet injured it. The head of the firm at this time, called 'Jim' by that irreverent population, 'was recognised, of course, by the county families ; could he have been persuaded to join the Church bis position would nave oecome regular loronwwa. For, besides his acknowledged claim, Mr. Mendel kept the harriers, and gave hand some entertainments. But this gentle man, rather Bimple in other matters, had one crank. He belonged to the brother Jiood of -which Mr. Fanshawe was a mem ber. The rough craftsmen and struggling employes of Shuttleton liked this per sistence, ' Old Jim' was still one of them selves so long as he attended the ugly, mean little chapel, though his carriage had a crest and his horses were thorOUgh Arthur Mendel, however, had been trained in the modern school, which was so little satisfactory to his father's partner that he insisted the young man should take no active part in the business. This resolution was conclusive proof, had any been needed, of Mr. Brown's shrewdness -and insight. For there was no harm in Arthur Mendel. He had not a single bad quality apparent, whilst showing the rudiments of several virtues — rather a .muff, not very much of one, but inclined that way, the fast youths of the neigh borhood thought him. TTjh father made .a liberal allowance, and he spent it freely in little 'games' of various sorts, but sever beyond his means. Mr. Mendel was not exacting even in iis demands for attendance at chapeL Though he allowed himself to be reckoned .among .the brethren, Arthur seldom ap peared 'in their midst. Of late years, -however, he had grown less patient, and the idea cf a trip to South Africa was not -elders. Shnttleton felt a good ' deal of interest 'when it was announced that old Jim's only son was returning after adventures ?mysterious as awf uL There was some talk ,of triumphal arches, bat common .sense rather than enthusiasm was the pre vailing characteristic of the borough, and it dropped unpereeived. The brethren, .however, made up their minds to receive the traveller in state, and Hubert was ?appointed to represent Mrs. Fanshawe. Her family and Mr. Mendel's were the -only persons of standing who belonged to the small connection. This lady dwelt in a large, cheap, old house, flat and square, away from the haunts of business, though in the town. I have little to say about her, for there is aittle to telL What character she had in a secular point of view seemed to have been knocked out by the wreck of her fortune. When the son and daughter-in-law came home they had an ingenious explanation ready to account for the transfer of their ?visit from Little Thorburns to Scar borough, and it was backed by a diplo matic note from Mr. Esking. The old ?_ J3— nAflnntnrl 54- net erTiA «k s»r*AT-ht-A*3 jtf-1? Alt limy cLUUCI-'vcu. iUj ao C3JJ.O ovvvii'Ku uvuvi things, not satisfied, but uncomplaining. Hubert did not like his commission. Those worthy elders had always regarded him with strong disapproval, and he was delivered into their hands. They knew much more of his proceedings than Mr. Fanshawe did, and in the meetings sum moned to decide what steps should be taken to welcome Arthur Mendel their thunders broke [upon his head. Hubert -was not regular at chapel, and besides, it would be injudicious to risk offending their second-best convert. Now was an -opportunity of rebuking the backslider, and they adjourned time after tune. He stood fire very well, sustained by a lethargic temperament, good humor, and utter indifference, Mendel's return was a pleasing event, and for his own reasons .Hubert would have wished to take a lead ing part in the welcome. He reconciled - himself to the annoyance as well as might be. The fact is that Arthur had furnished a pretty regular income to his associates. Though he would not play high he played -often, and with bad luck as extraordinary as his want of skill. Hubert trusted that those halcyon days would return. Mr. Esking's loan — which he regarded as a gift — had enabled him to pay almost .all his debts. There are few things in life so properly to be termed ' comparative' .as embarrassments, and the burden which may seem crushing to a young man who has no resources beyond a mother's allow ance would not be grave perhaps to one who enjoys a position and an income. The only creditor yet unsatisfied when ?claim might be annoying under certain conditions wasMr. Thwaite's head clerk — Jackson. This good-natured fellow did not gamble himself, but he had a pleasing readiness to lend upon such security as young gentlemen can offer when their parents are solvent and pious, and reason ably affectionate. It is not to be under stood that Jackson was a usurer or a bill discounter. If his transactions were pub lished he had very little to fear. But in a friendly way, with the goodwill of every one concerned, he got an unusual interest for his spare cash. This gentleman Hubert had not paid tut the omission gave him no uneasiness. It was understood between them, without the formality of a promise, that the ac cumulation of various small loans was not to be demanded until ' something turned «p.' Hubert, therefore, felt not the slightest thrill of alarm when he met his ?creditor on the evening of the 6th, after an impressive seatice with the eldeis. ' You're back just In time for the great clay,' .he said cheerfully. 'Arthur Mendel comes home to-morrow. We've just had a telegram. He brings a friend, it seems.' 'I can give you further information. The friend is Eldred Thorbnrn— perhaps jour uncle will be pleased to hear that, perhaps not. Are you on-corresponding terms with him ?' ' With my uncle ? Bless you, we were as thick as thieves !' 'Are you — well — I want my money, Fanshawe, and I should be glad if you could get it from him or somebody.' ' I say, this is sudden ! What's the meaning of it ?' 'I can't see that any explanation is needed. You owe me nearly a hundred in notes of hand. I want it back, or security. That's all.' *' Notl can see it isn't all. The money's right enough, and you were as certain about that fact as I am before you went on your holiday. Are you going to get married? I say, don't !' good fellow, and loyal in his way. 'Look here, Fanshawe,' he said at length. ' Your mother has been insane, but you will excuse me if I put it that she's a desperately good life — better than mine or yours, I dare say. I can't reckon much on her. Then there's your rich uncle. If you're as tMck as thieves just get a trifle from him to go on with. I don't want to be hard. Say you give me five pounds a month for the next two years. There J' ' I cannot ask the old boy just now. He gave me a handsome present the other day.' * ' Did he ? Then let me have my share, come.' ' I've paid it all away, Jaekson, on my Honor ? lours is tne only aeot x nave left. Ask the other fellows that used to bother me. They'll tell you.' ' That's how a good-natured chap suffers. Well, you can afford five pounds a month. Til draw up the agreement, and you shall sign it to-morrow.' 'I'm sure you've heard something. Come, now, we've been friends a long time, old man, Tell me honeBtly .' 'Well, I'll say there's a report that you've quarrelled with Esking, or he with you.' ' What a monstrous joke '. He gave me a magnificent cheque when I bade him good-bye, and told me outright I'm down for something handsome in frig will.' ' Bless me !' said Jackson, and hesi tated. He really liked his debtor. ' What do you mean?' 'Why, it's a fact, as you say, that we've been friends a long time, Fanshawe, and we've done a deal of business one way or another. I'll tell you so much, you should have stuck tight to the magnificent cheque, for it may be the last you'll get from old Eaking.' ' Great heavens ! I say he told me at the last moment. Do you mean that I'm cut out of his will ?' 'I mean just what T said. I've no confidence in your uncle as security for my loan. There ! Good night ! If you see your way to pay off that little sum more quickly I shall be pleased to aceom medate you. But five pounds a month I must have.' ' This isn't fair ! Is uncle ruined ?' ' Lord, no. If he was, should I tell of a client ? Good night !' Jackson would say no more, but when Hubert came to put his hints together, dull though he was, the conclusion formed itself plainly in a few moments. Thwaite had drawn up a new will for Mr. Esking ; uavineuu mvu eccu ait— jj.oij.vo jjjjs iuuuivv uu get in the debt, for Hubert Fanshawe took no interest under that deed. The idea of regaining his uncle's favor did not occur for one instant. Stupid indeed the man must have been who, knowing Mr. Esking, thought to soften him; and Hubert) was not stupid in this way. Be sides, he had no opportunity. The blow made him savage, and the pro spect of paying five pounds a month for twoyears was actually desperate. But spite and malignity were foreign to the man's nature. He could not ba unaware that the incautious disclosure of Mr. Esking's plans gave him a certain hold, but beyond deepening the sum of injustice and . treachery this recollection had no effect. Hubert would have given a good deal for five minutes' quiet talk with his uncle on the subject, ending with a steady, grand ** one from tne snoulder, in satastaction of his wrongs ; rage carrried him no fur ther. But there was another spirit in his household circle. The news that Eldred Thorburn accom panied the hero of the hour spread fast through the town. Mr. ifalrliig had been a great manufacturer, and more than that, a great notoriety of the place ; his withdrawal to Little Thor burns did not chill the public interest. When somebody heard about ' the Treasure,' and told the legend of it with surprising scope of detail at the tea parties of Shuttleton, it had great success. Popular instinct — soeeldom wrong, though popular knowledge, taste, reasoning, and all else popular is rarely right — connected Mr. Tfalnnfr with the story in a moment. And thus it happened that the folks of a busy town 50 miles away, of which his ancestors had never heard, were familiar with Eldred Thorburn's name and family history to some degree. Kate was excited, of course. After telling her mother-in-law, all over again, Hubert's battle with the dogs, and sketch ing with a lively fancy the aspect of Thorburns in its decay, she went out to call,, with the pleasing assurance of ex clusive information. When Hubert got back to supper — for Mrs. Fanshaw kept the early and virtuous hours of her youth — she had aot yet returned. What Kate said, what Mrs. This and Miss That replied, with excursions suggested by the circumstance, furnished conversation of a sort. The old lady took little share therein, and Hubert none at all beyond giving the replique ; but his wife had stores of talk enough for half a dozen. Her eyes were as sharp as her tongue, however, and she saw that Hubert was preoccupied. In fact, he had a des perately unpleasant task before him. If five pounds a month must be deducted from his allowance for so long a time It was absolutely necessary to give Kate an explanation. Supper ended, Mrs. Fanshawe went to bed, and Hubert withdrew as usual to en joy a cigar in the street — or elsewhere. His mother had points of humane intelli gence, and she recognised that a young man must have some freedom, showing therein the common sense* of an elder generation, tor Jvate aid not willingly make this allowance. But this evening Hubert returned after an absence not longer than may reasonably be granted for smoking a cigar, and then she knew that something was wrong. In the security of -their bedroom he confessed his trouble, with the slight deviation from truth that he referred Jackson's debt to the expenses of a time in which Kate might feel a gentle interest — his courtship. But she did not believe a word, and flew into violent passion, up braiding him for his habits of drink and play, vowing she would let Mrs. Fanshawe know what hours he kept, and so forth. Hubert had not meant to tell in the same day his present difficulty and Mr. Esking's treacherous conduct, but troubled imagina tion did not suggest any other theme to divert the torrent of abuse ; out it all came, and the manoeuvre was successful. Kate's sentiment for Mr. Esking, and for Hilda also, was no less than hatred, and she turned her wrath on them for the mo ment. So Hubert was led, acting uncon sciously upon the strategic principle of pushing by the line of least resistance, to tell what he believed now was the secret reason of Mr. Esking's ill-will— his re fusal to aid in stealing the Treasure. Kate could not believe her ears. She declared it must have been a dream. Not till all the circumstances were repeated in detail, and Hubert recalled his impatience that night when she and Hilda lingered in the Charter-room — impatience for which he had been vehemently rebuked on going to bed— not till then would she admit the truth of his amazing story. But when convinced she sat up, laughing with fierce content. 'Dear uncle shall rue the day he was such an ass as to trust you with a secret. We have him now. It's all clear as day light. When he heard how you killed the dogs, he thought, 'Here's the man for me — brave, and strong, and a fool.' _ Then you refused, and to keep you quiet he promised to remember us in his will. I see it. How could dear uncle suppose you would find out that he was. lying ?' ' It is a strange chance, isn't it ? If I hadn't owed Jackson that money he would never have told me about the will.' 'I don't grudge him five pounds a month now. It's cheap for all he has done. Oh, uncle shall repent his be havior.' ' But, my dear, what can you do ? Of course, he has given up the idea now young Thorburn is coming home ?' ' Of course he has done nothing of the kind ! If I saw the new will I could tell you who is going to help him in your place. But I know ! It's young Genest, and he's down for a thumping legacy — or for a wife ! Yes, that's it. I saw how he was in love with Hilda. Leave me alone. Go to sleep, my dear. I've got something to think about.' 'But be careful, for heaven's sake, Kate. You may bring an awful scandal in the family, and put me into a most un pleasant position. Uncle has only to deny it, and where are we ?' ' He won't deny when we prove it. Go to sleep, I tell you !' ' But, my dear, young Thorburn is coming home. What are you to prove ?' ' He's coming, but he hasn't come yet. At this very moment, I dare say, your dear uncle and George Genest are at work 1' Kate was wrong as to time. At that moment Mr. Esking sat, beaming with intelligent placidity, in the drawing-room at Bolum Castle. George arrived before the hour of start ing, and found him dressed in the Charter room. ' I have fulfilled your condition,' said Mr. Esking, taking his hand. ' We may congratulate each other, George, shortly.' ' Hilda consents ?' ' You may learn for yourself, as soon as she comes down, if there is time.' ' I couldn't to- day ! It is a horrible bargain — on my Bide, though no*;, I hope, on hers. What did she say?' ' Very little— in fact, nothing, after I explained my wishes.' ' But what was it ?' ' Why, to speak frankly, she said she did not care for you in that way, George — that is, she corrected herself, the idea had not passed through her mind. Bat if I desired it very much, she had con fidence in my affection and my judgment. Most marriages seem to be very unreason able and very silly. She hopes hers will not be so bad as some, and she thinks it will not. That was all that passed. ' 'All?' ' Actually all, upon my honor ! Then she kissed me, and went to dress in good spiiits.' ' I have to win her love yet, but, please heaven, I will. I could not speak now, even if there was new encouragement. Let it remain there for a time.' ' You are satisfied, however 2' ' Quite satisfied. 'I will pay the price. I would risk ruin in this world and the next for Hilda.' 'And I for knowledge ! Then we'll start if she's ready.' They found her in the breakfast-room, looking out of the window. She turned, showing no embarrassment, but coloring slightly as she took George's hand. Her eyes met his with a strange expression — curiosity, and doubt, and frank goodwill were its leading motives, perhaps. They set off at once. Mr. Esking talked pleasantly, and the others replied at such length as was needful. George recovered his spirits in Hilda's presence. He was a man who could direct his brain to the future, but his soul lived in the present. Before this type of absolute lovelinessGeorge remembered only thatshe had promised to be his. The view of the reward obscured the sacrifice. Sir Philip Bolum and her ladyship, their sons and daughter and governess, their antique abode and its memorials, would deserve a note had I room for it. They were all astonished at Hilda's beauty, seen now for the first time under circumstances that displayed it to perfec tion. Mr. Esking was never indifferent to his daughter's dress, but he made no remarks so long as it was fresh and graceful. Two years before he had in structed M. Worth to fulfil any commission from her, and he took it for granted that her pretty things came from Paris. Few of them appeared on the bill, but when Hilda let it be understood that she paid cash for common dresses Mr. Esking asked no questions. He complacently wondered how she found the needful, but kept his wonder to himself. The robes of ceremony, however, Hilda would not undertake, and these were actually sup plied from time to time by M. Worth. Miss Bolum was astonished and not pleased to note that her dress was as ex quisite as her face and figure. It was near 11 o'clock when they drove away, after inspecting the treasures of the castle. Heavy rain had fallen, but the moon shone brightly now, almost at the full. Unaccustomed to adventures of this kind, George had not given a thought to the chances of the sky, and this brilliant radiance, recalling painfully the work in hand, filled him with dismay. He almost hoped for a moment that Mr. 'RaVing had forgotten also, and would give up his plan ; but a glance in that smiling, calm, cheerful face dispelled the pleasing halluci nation. His spirits died out blankly ; a sick excitement gripped his heart. On arrival at Little Thorburns Hilda went to bed at once. George stayed only to hear again, in an impressive whisper, his instructions, and drove away. He had made himself acquainted with the spot where his dogcart was to be concealed near the gate of Thorburns, and then — with a mind perpetually recurring to bolt at full gallop — he awaited Mr. Esking. It was not long, or he might have fol lowed his idea. Within twenty minutes a figure, white from top to toe, came gliding through the shadows of the avenue. There was no man on earth more disposed by nature or training to disbelieve in ghosts than was young GeneBt, but conscience and terror are our masters when they get a hold. He stood paralysed an instant — his flesh bristled ; but before he could turn Mr. Esking's low voice reached him. ' What's the meaning of this ?' George asked angrily. ' I forgot to tell you. Here is your ghostly .equipment, son-in-law.' The title produced its effect. Sullenly, but obediently, George took the robes. ' You see,' Mr. Esking continued, ' I reckoned with the moon — coma under the trees. In the first place it enables us to dispense with a light, and in the second it transforms us into, with the help of a table cloth, judiciously arranged, into super natural and awful beings, not to be meddled with, irresponsible and unaccount able. Thus legend is made.' His tone was almost joyous in its ease. George felt the influence, but he could not speak. They walked on beneath the shadow to the tower archway. 'It is here,'' said Mr. Esking, who betrayed excitement at last. 'And here are the tools. I've measured the distances exactly. One hour's work, or perhaps not that — and then !' From amidst the ivy he produced a pickaxe, two besoms, a crowbar, and two spades. ' We may break one,' he muttered. Through the open doorway and the latticed broken windows of the clock tower the moonlight streamed, giving a misty, solemn glow to the vaulted room. It was half full of rubbish and discarded implements, but theystood against the walls, leaving a central area. Mr. Eskiog stood in the very middle, measured the space thought fully once more with his eye, and struck his crowbar on the worn pavement, which resounded hollow under the blow. ' This is the spot, now !' He no longer hesitated. .'' Le vin est bilefaut le boire!' George said to himself, and the old proverb droned in his ear with monotonous iteration, keeping time to every movement in the long hour that followed. The cement was hard, but when in ages long gone byt at the date of Edward Thorburn, that pavement was laid, the imagination of builders did not go beyond rough flints for material. They were worn smooth upon the surface, but when the first imbedded half its diameter had been forced out the rest was easy. Mr. Esking worked like a young man ; those night sounds which made George's heart leap had no effect on him. A space 2 feet square was uncovered, the pebbles ranged neatly alongside in the order of their extraction for relaying. Then George took a spade, while his companion loosened the earth around. They dug 12 inches, 18, 2 feet— and Mr. Esking became anxious. ' It cannot be much deeper,' he muttered. 'Edward Thorburn was in haste. What's that?' He seized a bit of some material, not earth, which George threw out. 'Old steel ! Now we are upon it ! Be careful — be careful !' 'There's a hollow here— yes, and something like a box !' Mr. Esking pushed him furiously aside, and fell upon his knees, scooping at the soil. ' It is a box, but not wood or metal. Oh, what a fool I was not to think of leaden ! Oh, what a fool !' 'What do you mean?' George asked. But the old man labored unheeding. 'Tough and firm as the day it was buried,' he murmured to himself. 'In this dry place, protected by a casing, it would last to the Day of Judgment ! Well, well ! I have it at last!' 'But you remember your promise? For twelve months it is not to be opened.' 'You have my word of honor, sir,' Mr. Esking replied irritably. ' ' Now let us get it out — quick !' That was very difficult, for though the leaden chest was small upon the surface, it was deep and heavy. ' Don't be so rough,' George remon strated. 'You will break it.' The other paid no attention, but the material held. Gradually they worked it out, and at length deposited the rude old kist, shapeless with earth and mould, upon the floor. Mr. Esking fell upon it—' At last ! At last ' he exclaimed, passing his hands round lovingly, eagerly. ' Don't make more noise than can be helped,' George cried. ' See you have knocked off great flakes of soil. Let us fill ( up and get away, in heaven's name — if it* isn't blasphemy to speak of heaven here !' He would not allow the further search which Mr, Esking desired, but threw in the rubbish passionately. There was not enough to make the ground even, and they collected such broken tools and things as lay to hand, swept the earth on them, spread a layer of cement, and em bedded the pebbles neatly. George had not patience for this. He wanted to fly the spot. But Mr. Esking toiled on methodically, and would not.desist till his eye was quite content. Then he strewed dry dust above, brushed it with his handkerchief to smooth out the footprints, and surveyed his work. 'Now, George, we will go. A Red Indian would not suspect that this ground has been disturbed.' They slung the chest upon their crow bars and nastily made off, following the narrow, weed-grown path that led to the garden door, and through it. The moon was lovely by this time, and they kept beneath the shadow of the wall and shrubs— reached the verandah, crossed it, and gained the Charter- room. Not a word passed until the treasure had been deposited in one of those capacious chests and locked securely. ' Now it is safe !' Mr. likTriTicr whis pered, ' and I am the happiest man in England. To you I owe7 it, - George, and believe me if I could not pay the debt my gratitude would be painful. Here is whisky — take a full glass and go. Heaven tless Man. mv bov !' ' How shall I go ?' said George, paus ing with the bottle in his hand as a thought struck him suddenly. ' Not by the way we came ! No, not if my salvation de pended on it.' 'I will go with you.' *'No, no! He drank greedily and filled again. ' I tell you I dare not ! Let me out through the front door. ' 'Well, well! Go quietly, though there's no danger.' They went out, George almost reeling with the excitement and the strong liquor. Mr. Esking unlocked the door stealthily. ' Good night, my dear, dear boy ! You will come in the morning ?'. It was morning long ago, but not dawn. George hurried along the road, fragrant with the perfumes of summer night. An intense relief, a horrorof rumor and dread, a wild txiumph in the thought that Hilda was won, tumultuously mingled in the confusion of his spirits which the drink had stirred. He found the dogcart safe where it had been left. Bayleaves threw up her head, and snorted as he touched her, quivering with impatience. At another time, knowing the hour so well, George would have. recognised these symptoms; he recognised them now, indeed, but paid no attention. After leading her out and soothing her, he tried to gain his seat; but the moment her head was free the mare broke into a sharp trot. This manoeuvre repeated several times roused the young man's passion. He jerked the bit and struck her. After this correction BayleaveB stood like an effigy until he turned — then, his foot upon the stop, sprang forward. George fell headlong backwards, and- the wheel passed over him. (To be continued.} -? 