g eg Ua no The Measureless Deeps- I think sometimes that the silence itself has a soundless ghost, A stillness deeper than ocean, where gather 1 the countless host Of shades that are shade s reflections, of glooms that are shades of gloom, And echoes of thoughts unfathomed which never in' words find room. There arc thoughts which move at midnight too deep for a vision's reach ; . There arc waves' deep down in sitence, too strong for 1.1ic grasp of speech : And a mystic intuition in infinite depth of space Too fnr to impress reflections or shades on a mortal face. " We know in the silent chambers the beats of a distant heart, We have seen with an inner vision the cur tains of silence, part, , And far in the shaded distancc have read, as on magic scroll, The words no sound could utter, addressed to an earnest soul. There are things so deep and sacred they flee the approach of sound, ' There are ideas pure and holy no natural hedgerows hound, And somewhere, well adjusted, unseen, un heard, intense, Are the truths which reach us only through a seventh mysterious sense. We hear not, speak not, feel not, yet we tjiink, and trust, and know, While the viewless mystic currents sweep by in their endless flow, While above the mirrored crystal there flutter the ghostly wings, Aud a song too sweet for language its jubi lant anthem brines. The grandest truth of the ages have entered the heart like this, The things we can never utter producing the greatest bliss ; Mysterious intuitions, swift shades of a shadow-thought, Have flooded tlio soul with sweetness in miracle wonders wrought. We know there are soul vibrations, a subtle and glorious bond, Uniting the world material with a something so far beyond That it reaches us in soul waves, too delicate far for touch, That the brightest words arc heavy and burden them overmuch. So we learn its beautious wisdom. Its peaceful currents flow Too far for the reach of evil, too high for the touch of woe, Too deep for our words to fathom, too soft for the grasp of sound, In a place which God hath guarded with a silence most profound. Then welocme the mystic message, the peace beyond all compare, Too sweet to be grasped or measured, found but by a voiceless prayer ; The sign of a higher (presence, a rapture \- which may not cease Till it reach the great Nirvana and blend into endless peace. A . symbol of something coming, revealing some time to be, The ripples of glory lapping the shore of an endless sea : The secret of life eternal, too grand for the bonds of speech, Conveying a soundless messa e to the wait ing souls on the beach. So the soul receives its message, by a . route we may not trace, From the deeps where fathomless silence broods ever in endless space ; Where the finite may not measure with 'its puny rale and rod The truths which the soul rcceiveth direct from the heart of God. J. Edgar Jones. 