THAT JUBILEE LETTER. We printed lately, a copy of a docu ment, picked up in the neighbourhood of a B. C. priest, very much soiled, which was a circular from his bishop, urging on the clergy the obligation of the jubilee, promulgated by the present JPope. . The letter had lain in the priest's pocket for about two years, so that the jubilee referred to must have been held about the year 1883-4. -.But the present Rope had proclaimed anjather in ,1879. ThuB the jubilee vjbicb kiti-i SjjSitinpj hfalmy'- meant the fiftieth year, j and | which; the Church of Rdme in her ; first adaptation of it called the 100th year, became so profitable that some four years are sufficient interval between one and another. They are all similar, and the directions for. one. avail for all. Leo XIII. in 1879 proclaimed an Ex traordinary Jubilee and Indulgence, in 'order, as he stated in his " Letters Apostolic," that "the Father of Mercies might deign to look propitiously not only on his flock, but would vouchsafe to aid, defend, and nourish the shepherd of the flock." The reasons assigned for this course were " the unhappy condition of the times, the dangers with which the Church had to struggle, the apprehension of jgreater evils from a. growing de generacy in public affairs, and the wicked councils of impious men." — By this Jubilee and Indulgence the Pope" granted -and imparted the fullest remission of all their sins" to all who visited certain churches in Rome, and " there prayed for the exaltation of the Catholic Church and the ApoBtolic See, for the extirpation of heresy, the conversion of sinners, the concord of Christian princes, and the peace and unity of all faithful people," provided that they " had fasted once with in the time appointed, had confessed, bad received the Sacrament of the Eucharist, and had given alms, or performed some 'other pious work of devotion." Per mission waB also given that the Indul gence might be applied for the benefit of the souls in Purgatory. The full benefits of this -Indulgence might also be obtained "by "all Catholics who were unable to visit Rome," upon such conditions, and "by such visitation of the churches in "their respective neighbourhoods, as might . be prescribed by their Diocesans. It might appear unfair that those who should undergo the toils, the perils, and the expenses of a pilgrimage to Rome, should be no better off than those who \- should stay at home, but a brief exami nation of -the case will show that the pilgrims obtain a fair value for their trouble and their money. Pilgrimages in France are under the direction of the "'Conseil General des Pelerinages," es tablished May, 1872, under the Bpecial benediction of Pius IX. Full reports of its proceedings are published weekly in Le 'Pelerin, the special journal issued by the "Council. Prospectuses are circulated, setting forth all the benefits to be ob tained, including a plenary indulgence, granted by Pius IX. to all who take part in a pilgrimage organised by the Conseil General (Le Pelerin, 3rd year, p. 35.) These benefits are not merely spiritual. -The prospectuses state "that arrange ments have been made with the railway companies for a reduction of 50 per cent, in their charges, and sometimes more." Le Pelerin (4th year, p. 325) states, that the circular tickets issued give the right to travel over Northern and Central Italy " as far as Rome. The pilgrimages, more over, were arranged to take place during the finest season of the year. Le Pelerin (1st year, p. 165) states that " the journey is free from all risk, and most agreeable." Florid descriptions are given of the en chanting scenery surrounding the sanc tuaries, of the attractive spectacles and fetes, of the bands of music engaged, to which are added illuminations, fireworks, and a display of the electric light (Le Pelerin, 1st year, pp. 210, 351, 1065, and 2nd year, pp. 22, 137, 156.) In short, the attractions offered combine all tem poral and spiritual advantages — happi ness, health, and heaven — and all at the 'lowest price. It is open to question whether the faithful can have availed themselves of the immense advantages offered by the Jubilee of 1879. Be this " as it may, the Papal expectations have \- not been fulfilled, for the Pope now feels himself constrained to proclaim another Jubilee. He is evidently impelled to take 'this Btep by the aggravation of the ' very evils which he so deeply deplored in ii1789.; In his "Letters Apostolic," set forth in the Tablet, March 26, 1881, Leo Leo'; XIII. reminds the Episcopate of the ofyvarfare cai-rjed on against the Church, ' 'whose; salutary action it is desired t banish from public life. He complains bitterly that this' Criminal conspiracy has been chiefly prejudicial to the Roman r1JPontiff; to whom, deprived of His' legiti- 5;timate ' rights, : has been left, as if in J mockery, nothing more than the mere "semblaiice'rof' regal majesty:1 'Here,1 ;he -'states, in the'very centre' of Cathblic'truthj ' -'the a'nctity of religion .is' mocked1 at, 1 the ''dighity'bf the' Holy See is' wounhed,' and , fhe'-il/biitifical ;r Majesty ' is 'exposed'" 'to fr-'threr; frequent 'insults of ''profligate1 men ; and while many Catholic churches have been closed"' or profaned, those of .heretical worships-have been multiplied. In this lamentable state of things he/iias no pp'wer Of remedy,,; there is no resojurqe but to -supplicate the Most High, and to that end His Holiness proclaims this Jubilee, and sets forth in detail conditions precisely similar to those prescribed for the . Jubilee in 1879. A brief reference -to the history of Jubilees, will serve to. .diBclose-additional. motives which have induced the Popes to proclaim these festivals. According to the Weekly Register, March 15, 1879, Boniface VIII. was the first Pope who proclaimed a Jubilee and accompanying Indulgence, a.d. 1300, but to make the "outpouring" of the treasure of the Church more preciouB, he proclaimed that a Jubilee should recur but once in a century, and added, " Let no man dare to infringe this Bull of our Constitution, which if he presume to attempt, let him know he shall incur the indignation of Almighty God, Ac." (Corpus Juris Canon. 1. v. tit. 9, c. 1, vol. ii. p. 315. Paris 1512.) The event was an immense success in a financial point of view; Villani reports that " much treasure was secured to the Church from the offerings made by the pilgrims, and the Romans enriched themselves by their merchandise." Filled with a desire to benefit his faithful subjects at Rome, and to reap the ad vantage to be gained by exchanging earthly treasure for heavenly, Clement VI. reduced the period for holding a Jubilee to 50 years, but in his Bull pro claiming it he imposed the same Curse as his predecessor upon those who violated his Decree. Nothing daunted by the Decrees pronounced by these Infallible Popes, Urban VI. reduced the period to 33 years. Paul II., not to be outdone, fixed the term at 25 years ; the late benevolent Pope reduced it to six years, having proclaimed a Jubilee in 1851, and another in 1857, while the present Pope has " determined " that the rich treasure at his command may be dispensed at an in terval of two years. And why not an nually, or even oftener ? If the Pope has the power to grant to the faithful " the remission of all their sins," and to extend his Indulgence for the benefit of the souls who are still said to be under going the torture of the Purgatorial prison-house, is it not cruel to withhold the Plenary Indulgence which confers such inestimable blessings ? It will at once be asked, does the Church of Rome profess to grant by its Indulgences the fullest remission of sins ? It iB a matter of history that the sale of Indulgences for this express purpose was one of the main causes that led to the Reformation. The form of the Indulg ences issued by Leo. X., and sold by Tetzel, is given as follows in Wadding- ton's Church History (iii. 344) : — " May our Lord Jesus have mercy upon thee, and absolve the by the merits of His most holy passion ! And by His au thority, and that of the blessed Apostles Peter and Paul, and of the most holy See, granted and committed to me in these parts, I do absolve thee, first from all ecclesiastical censures, in what manner they have been incurred ; and then from all thy sins, transgressions, and excesses, however enormous soever they be, even from such aB are reserved for the cognis ance of the Apostolic See ; and as far as the keys of the Church extend I remit to you all punishment which you deserve in Purgatory on their account ; and I restore you to the holy sacraments of the Church, to the unity of the faithful, and to that innocence and purity which you professed at baptism ; so that if you should die now the gates of punishment shall be shut, and the gates of the paradise of delight shall be opened. And if you shall not die at present, this grace shall remain in full force when you are at the point of death. In the name of the Father, the Son, and the Holy Ghost." — F. B. J. Tetzel. — Several genuine copies of these Indulgences, issued by successive Popes, are in the British Museum, and a genuine Tetzel will be found in a glass case on ' Table XII. in the King's Library. Notwith standing such evidence, Roman Catholic priests assert that it is a libel to say that and Indulgence is a pardon of sin. But how does the matter stand ? The Church of Rome has not given by . the Decree of any Council a de finition of an Indulgence, or' of its efficacy. The utterances .of , Infallible Popes .are, however, recorded 'in' t(ie Canon Law. The Bull of Boniface VIII. off the first issue 'of a. jubilee s'tatqs,','' We ' grant not '.only full 'and largef,l;but .the !fulles.t i ; remission ' 'of ail '' sins.'." ' 'Glemeht !-Vt.d by his1 'Bull affirmed; th at the';yef 'cipientsrof his indulgence " might obtain the fullest pardon' (vcniam) a£' all their sins;"' and commanded the angels - !of Paradise to admit to heavenly glory the souls, of those whom he had absolved, The present Pope;- now grants to the faithful by1 WsFLetters Apostolic " the1 fullest; indulgence j 0f j all their sins-rr- plenissiman peccatoqum omnium indulgen' Ham." — This .plain language ought to-be accepted in its literal meaning by the faithful. . But no ; Roman Catholics de cline to. accept the., full extent of the blessing implied in these words. Indi vidual Romish.theologians have furnished several definitions of an indulgence, which differ essentially from one . another, but the definitions given in the Catholic Directory, published permissu Superior.um, will, it is presumed, be generally accepted as correct by the devout in this country. It states : — " An indulgence is a remission granted by the Church to those who are free from the . guilt of all mortal sin, of the whole or a part of the temporal punishment due for sins already for given." — " By temporal punishment is meant punishment due for sin, to be undergone either in this world or in the next world, in purgatory." — " A plenary indulgence is a remission of the whole of the punishment due for forgiven sins." — These definitions do not assert that an indulgence confers pardon of the sin itself, but the denial of such doctrine is a mere distinction without a difference. One of the conditions for the reception of an indulgence is " confession and absolu tion." By absolution the recipient of the indulgence has. obtained forgiveness from the priest, and all that remains is the temporal punishment still due accord ing to the R. C. Church as satisfaction for the sin. This remaining item of dis comfort the indulgence effectually gets rid of. But take away the punishment, and a premium is at once offered to criminality. Men who desire to indulge in sin will readily yield to its fascina tion, if all its painful consequences are removed. — The Catholic Directory further explains that " the Church, in granting an Indulgence, offers to God, for the remis sion of the temporal punishment, the infinite superabundant merits of our Lord," and also, as if these were not enough, " the merits of the Blessed Virgin and the Saints," all of which, as Leo XII., in his Bull announcing a Jubilee in 1825, informs us, " the Author of human salvation has entrusted to Papal dispensation." The Popes have lavishly drawn upon this " ce lestial treasure." Indulgences without limit have been attached to the visitation of various shrines, to the wearing of blessed crucifixes, scapulars, and rosaries, to the recitation of prayers, to acts, and even to ejaculations and gestures of devo tion : all of these are commended to the attention of the faithful in numerous manuals published in France. In the "Letters Apostolic," Leo XIII. also " exhorts all to undertake pilgrimages to the sanctuaries of Saints," pre-eminent amongst which he names " the sacred house of the Virgin Mary at Loretto, which the memory of sublime mysteries consecrates." It would be well for simple Roman Catholics in view of another Jubi lee soon to be announced, to ask them selves whether all the advantages offered to pilgrims may not be secured at far less cost and inconvenience than weuld be incurred by a lengthened journey to Rome or Loretto. A brief examination of the Manuals on Indulgences, will speedily satisfy them upon this point; but' still fuller assurance may be obtained by further consulting a Manual published by Mgr. de Segur, entitled Le Cordon Sera- phique, Librairie de Propagande, Paris, 1874, Roman Catholics may here learn that all the Indulgences attached to pil grimages may be obtained by simply wearing the Cordon of St, Francis' and the repetition of a few short prayers. Mgr. de Segur, in fact, asserts, " that every time that the wearer of this Cordon makes six recitations of the Pater, Ave, and Gloria, he obtains all the indulgences, plenary and partial, granted by the Sovereign Pontiffs to the sanctu aries of the Holy Land, of all the basilicas and sanctuaries at Rome, at Assisi, at ' Loretto, at St. James de Oompostello, and all the sanctuaries of the world " — that is to say, according to Mgr. de Segur, " thousands of plenary indulgences, and certainly more than one hundred thousand years of partial indulgences." Mgr. de Segur adds, " You can gain these treasures as many times a day as you wish:" English Romaii Catholics indignantly deny . that indulgences-: are " bartered for money at ' the ; present day. j; yet1 the giving of alms- is. made 'by 'the Pope a -'special dhionghinitfgtheVihfiulT gence imparted, 'at :';the' ,jhbilee:7 Sub scribers' tb' Romad Catholic-'institutions '' 'ae'-'clSnStanH fchWy "may thereby uiobt ain';:a plenary; indulgence: The ' !S pc.iety1 pofSt. ...Vincent; fle'-' ; Paul publishes monthly a " Bulletin' " o flits prb- ceedings. In the number for July, 1880, obtained by the Protestant Alliance in that year, appears the. followiug notice, signed by Cardinal Oujlen " Indulgences. Granted by the iBriefs of ' the Sovereign Pontiffs, Gregory XVI: and Pius IX. dated January 10 and August 12, 1845 March 18, 1853, March 28, 1854, and' September 13, 1859, to the Society of St. Vincent de Paul, to the benefactors of the society, and to the poor assisted by it."— Section I. sets forth no less than five plenary indulgences; each to be ob. tained once a month on certain conditions by the members of the society, as well as a plenary iudulgence at the hour of death. — Section II. is headed "Indul gences granted to the benefactors," and places the question of " sale and barter " in the clearest light. A plenary indul gence, to be obtained once a month, is offered to all the faithful who " regularly give some fixed alms to the General Council, provided they be truly penitent confess their sins, and receive the Holy Communion." Two other " Indulgences of seven years and as many forty days," as well -as an indulgence of oue year and another of 300 days, " are obtain able, likewise, once a month" by the faithful who give some fixed alms to the Conferences, or, " who collect contribu tions in aid of the Councils," or, who being "benefactors,, recite the peculiar prayer of the Society ; " but, lastly, there is offered " A plenary Indulgence at the hour of death to all benefactors (not exclusively to the faithful) of the Society, who, being truly penitent, and confessing their sins, or should circumstances pre vent their doing this, being at least con trite, shall with their lips, or if unable so to do, in their hearts, devoutly invoke the holy name of Jesus, and shall, with a patient and ready mind, accept death from the hand of the Lord as a penalty for sin." — Many Roman Catholics have doubtless effected au assurance of their lives for the benefit of their survivors, but it is plain, if the foregoing statement is to be believed, that a judicious contri bution to the Society of St. Vincent de Paul is in reality a better mode of invest ment, assuring as it does an instant admis sion to heaven upon the sole condition of uttering a pious ejaculation, and devoutly accepting the inevitable, and thus reliev ing the heirs from all anxiety, and render ing unnecessary the useless expenditure of money in masses for the repose of the soul of the deceased investor. — These superabundant and easily gained out pourings of the " Celestial Treasure " may be judiciously recommended' to the consideration of Roman Catholics in Australia who are out of the pilgrimage and wine. If they avail themselves of the opportunities offered, they need not, according to their belief, have any fear of Divine punishment for the sins which from " month to month " they may feel an inclination to commit. But such a belief cannot prove conducive to morality, and may possibly account for the exces sive criminality of Romanists as shown in the Judicial Statistics of every country. 