: Caboolture Divisional Board THE usual General Meeting of this Board was held on Tuesday, 30th inst., at the Board Hall, Caboolture. Present : Messes. Bat- tersby (chairman), Wood, Campbell, Caton, Carseldine, England, Leitch. C. Hay, and D. Bryce (secretary). CORRESPONDENCE. From S. Clarke, Purga Creek, in reply re road through his property, portion 5, parish ' of Parker, agreeing on certain conditions, and making certain proposals. A plan and tracing of duration to be forwarded to Mr. Clarke as requested. - I From Lands' Department, forwarding pro- clamation opening road through secs 131 3784, and 3745, Maroochy ; also' forwarding plan of same. (2). Stating that the Executive authority for the reservation of sec, I 4394 (H. Armstrong) for camping and water : reserve is about to be sought. (3). Forward- ing plan showing roads proposed to be opened through Woodward's and others, Samson Vale. (4). Forwarding proposal frmn Mr, W. Butler to widen road in the parishes of Durundur and Kilcoy, also plan of land to be given him in exchange therefor. The Board has no objection to closing unnecessary roads on Kilcoy property so that the main road may be widened, but it decidedly ob jects to reserves being alienated for such purpose. (5). Asking what determination Board has arrived at about road through portion 38 (Herrons), parish of Parker. (6). Stating that road through sec. 1283, parish of Moleeny, will be proclaimed as soon as road is cleared andifit for traffic. The De' partment to be informed that road is cleared and is being used. (7). Forwarding Mr. Carroll's application to have road closed in parish of Maroochy From T. H. Warner, forwarding plan of alteration of road through portion 81, Maroochy. To be sent on to the Lands Department, From Post and Telegraph Department, forwarding tracing of new road from Woodford to the proposed Gympie railway line. The Department to be informed that as the Board had been ignored before, they now declined, to In* terfere. From the Treasury, stating that the Government were not disposed to assist by means of loan for the construction of the Blackall Range tramway, also enclosing Mr. Stanley's report. This report was decidedly adverse to the scheme. He considered the sum alloted per mile by the Board was far too small; that the tramway would be unnecessary when the North-East line was open. Though he was favourable to a tramway from the railway to the range. It was decided to apply for the plans, &e.;, to be returned to the Board, and at the same time to ask the Government to give a definite reply whether they would loan money to boards for tramways or not; specifying especially the second section of the tramway which would act as a feeder to the North Coast Railway. From Messrs. Dickson and Co., warning board from removal of gravel from their property portion 32 at the North Pine River, parish of Redcliffe. Referred Mr. Hay to report on. Finance Committee's Report was read and adopted. „ SUBDIVISION NO 'LI Stoney Creek, Mary Smokes',road £36 12 O Mellum Creek and Caloundm roads ; .I. 39 6 O ' Petrie's Creek, Gympie road ... £119 36 19 0 O « SUBDIVISION NO. 3. £111 > 18 O Samford Range SUBDIVISION and Owen's NO. road 2. 31 14 6 Upper South Pine Caboolture Farm road Farm ... roads *> ... 39 61 15 4 O 6 Humpybong road 33 110 Kings' Scrub road A £»3 94 4 9 0 6 Mount Salaries, Mee £39 road 17s; culvert sundries, £34 25 13s 0 lid; 0 election expenses, printing, &&, £23 13s 6dî making the total for the month of February £423 lis 5d. J . It was announced thaV jElOOO had been placed as a fixed deposit for three month» at i 3 per cent, interest, and £1500 for 6 months at 4 per cent, interest in the Queensland National Bank. . .-. • .' .. , Sundry aniountg which the Finance Com-^ mittee refused to pass without the Sanction of the board were presented. Preparing list of land Bold by- auction during the year, from March, 1885, to,. February, ' 1886, £3 3s ; passed. I*tejGblŁ'« travelling expenses and auditing books, £3 ; passed. T. Fisher, as auditor,£2,hfiswork was unfinished; refused. Old Survey Abet.. £7 16s 7d ; passed. Overseer's report was read as follows :— On RushCreek road to Baker's, .recommending box drain and logging,^ £25*'; adopted. On road" fro m Gympie ixtadî» Humpybong, forming, clearing, and gravelling, £82 JAir adopted. On Blackall Range road, near Burgess' ; best to keep old road open and close new one, as bridg® would be too expensive ; to stand over. tir. Burgess to be asked to allow the deviation, ana if he fused, board to take active steps. , OnVfeoad * from Samsonvale to Cebble Creek, repairing ! and cutting side drains, gravelling and clew? , ing trees, Łc., and repairing two ^inrnfe culverts, £82 ; adopted. The chairman' reported re the maps of the - Division, progress was very sloV, bqt the work wa« good. The maps wçxp promised by beginning of August. \- * ' PETITIONS— Nftjl Subdivision.?* From residents ortîobb's Camp, asking that road lately written a&iut; ïnay be opened. A letter Was alsà read, ktitàng the ' signatures to the petition had :been -obtained under false pretences. ;Ręferred to Overseer for report - -V" From «.Nichols, Petrie's Creek, Marao- 'diyi asking that road by .his house might be ! ^shifted ; to be held over pending the scttle- \- ment of the river joads. : From ratepayers of Petrie's Creek, stati ing that a road through portions 135 and 145 was heavy and circuitous, and asking for a deviation ; referred to overseer. No. 2 sub- division—From H. Tubbs, of • Eedcliffe,ibomplaininK of state of road lead- , ing from the beach, Redcliffe Point, to the main coast road. Fwwn E. Johnston, Petrie's Creek, com- • plainingjtlhat the Bqard in repairing Petrie's ' Creek Wharf-road, have left no outlet to drain, and that his land is flooded in conse- \- quence j overseer was ordered to attend to it. • • No. 3 sub- division—From D. Prothero, North Pine, for 12 trees taken off his property at 8s each, and threatening legal proceedings ; to be returned, that dates and \- particulars may be supplied. From W. C. Joyncr and others, re. state .-of road from Hamilton to Cobble Creek ; • referred to overseer for report. . Feront ratepayers of Upper North Pine, re < opening of roaa through Cornell's and others properties, Mount Brisbane Road ; the . committee appointed are to .visit the place . at once and report. From Charles Clarke, Samford, complaining of bad road through portion 5, parish of Parker, owing to fallen timber, &c.; ; referred to to overseer for report. HATTIGKS HELD OVER. Mr. Wood stated that die water and .camping reserve on Conondale might be cancelled and another, one appointed in place of it at the foot of the range, as the : stages then would be more equalised The Board decided that Mr. Woods' request be aceeeded to on condition that theGovernjnent appoint another reserve farther south NOTIFIED MOTIONS. t j I By Mr. Carsledine—" That £g0 be voted for Mount Mee-road." Carried. By Mr. Campbell—-' That £20 be voted for erecting culvert at Karangal (Warners) North Arm, Maroochy." Carried, By Mr. Duffield—" That L100 be voted for the Rush Creek-road." Carried. By Mr. Campbell—"That a sufficient sum of money be voted to construct bridge on site of one destroyed by fire at Monkey - bong Creek—viz., L165." Mr. Wood objected to the vote as unnecessary. Mr. Campbell made a hard fight for the vote. The motion was postponed to next meeting. By Mr. Battersby—"That ą LI00 be voted for the main rood and by-roads, parish of Redcliffe." By Mr. Campbell—" That L20 be voted for clearing track from Hislop and others to •Gympie-road, Cobb's camp." Carried. By Mr. Carscldine— " That the rate for the year be struck at 5 per cent on improved and 10 per cent on unimproved land, as per valuation ; and that the general rate be Is in the Ł, and the special rate be la in the L for jetties." By Mr. Campbell—" That the Board taką. into consideration the advisability of appointing convenient centres at which the ratepayers can pay their rates, and to avoid «xpense of travelling to and from Caboolture, and that the members of each, sub-division be committees to recommend places and .suitable persons to give interim, receipts." Carried. By Mr. Leitch—" That a L100 be voted for erection of a culvert, and repairs on Kobble Creek road." Carried. } By Mr. England—"That £70be voted for culvert, &c.;, on South Pine Fat m road."— Oftrripii» By Mr. Hay—"That, £200 be voted for 'the mitin Gympie road* between North and South Pine Riven,"—Carried. By'Mr. Caton—"That £30 be voted for itedecking Yandina Creek Bridge, and that Mr. Goeth's tender for doing the work be Accepted."—Carried. ** Re Munkelwifz's wish ±o purchase a bit of land, l>éing a reserve at Bribie, the board •declined to allow the reserve to be altered. The 11th May was chosen for the next board meeting. The meeting then terminated; POSTPONED. —Mr. W. AndreWB' sale of «tock at Sandgate, as advertised for to- day, is postponed till next Saturday, 10th inst, ON THE BEINK.—We 'are glad to be able to report that M. J. N. Carseldine's son, residing on the Upper Caboolture,'and who has been dangerously ill from typhoid fever, has taken a tarn for the better, and is now jdowlvbut surely approaching convalescence. ' RMLWAY WORKS.—Great headway is being ma£e~ by the contractors for the first «ection of the North Coast Railway. From •the^jtinction to Caboolture, groups of navvies are hard at work raising the earthworks. Others, again, are felling timbei f or .sleepers, fencing, &c.; Pile-driving is in full swing At tiie North «bd' South Pine rivers, ana jp.ręlimińaty arrangements are being made to «ta& at the bridge over the Caboolture. If they go'on as they have began, the contractors will have completed the work within contract time. " THE BLACK APONY.—Again we have 4» "*" "" ! st- the pestilent nuisance-of _ allowed, to hang about Sandgwe. Tfyeycainp about the beach, loafing, arising, and -fighting, interspersed with an occasional dance in the naked brown, muchtothe disgust of decent residents. It is high time the superior officers in Brisbane, instrtcted t^ie local police to clear the rubbish* out ofthe place altogether. Perhaps, His .Worship the Mayor, might interfere. When some brutal ailault on some female has befen committed, people will exclaim; " Law now ! just what we expected." LovKRS of tit bits for breakfast, ought to try Baxter's smokafl fish ; they arę simply delicious. >~ - HOUSE-KEEPERS BEWARE.—Snowdroppers are about On Wednesday night Mrs. Glen had her line stripped of a lot of linen belonging to her customers. It must have been done by a woman or a much-married mau, as the goods stolen are all ladies' wearing appareL The police at present have no clue. With so many strangers ti$mping between Sandgate and the Bald Hills, it is positively giving a premium to crime to leave goods of any kind out at night. A DISTINGCISKLD EXIT.—Old Kitty, the mother of Adam, the absconding slayer of his giii, is dead at last. Poor old creature, it must have been a happy release to her, for she hus been hopelessly crippled with rheumatism for years past, being all twisted up like a trussed fowl. The blacks have vacated the camp in consequence, as they have a holy horror of ghosts, especially those of old women. They have adjourned to Nundah. A blessed thing would be if they never came back again ; none would regret their absence. SKYLARKING.—A number of boys were playing at the North Pine State school on Thursday. In crowding together several of them fell. Among these was a boy 12 yearwld, named George Hubner, who when the other boys had risen from the ground, was lying, evidently suffering great pain. On eetaminatisn, it was found that his left thigh bone was fractured. He was removed to the Brisbane Hospital with all possible haste, reaching there about 8 p.m. The broken limb was set by the resident surgeon, and at latest accounts the boy was aoing well. THE NEW POST OFFICE.—We have had an opportunity of looking at the plans for the new post and telegraph office, at Sandgate. It will certainly be a most handsome edifioe, being both an ornament aud a credit to the place. It is a pity that the (government had a no more elevate^ site at their disposal on which to build. The building, a two storied one. is to be of brick, cemented with large balconies and verandas all round, above and below. The rooms are to be large and lofty, in fact our postmaster and his family will be completely lost therein. A handsome tower iu tlie centre will crown the edifice. SALE BY AUCTION.—We have been requested to call the particular attcntiou of our readers to Mr. J. W. Todd'snoticeof properties, to be sold by him on Tuesday next, situated oil ami near to the Gympie railway, now in construction. These are all most valuable properties, and persons seeking good investments could not do better than attend this sale. Mr. Todd is also calling for tenders for the stauding timber oil a farm at the Bald Hills ; time given, nine months. Railway contractors and others would do well to inspect and make a note of. A MIBACULOCS ESCAPE.—The promising son of a resident of Sandgate, had a narrow escape of beings trampled to death by his father's buggy mareV few days' ago. The family had just returned home from a drive, and the child was supposed to have gone into the house with the others. The father being still in the yard, turned round and saw the little fellow had gone fast asleep with his arms clasped round the mare's hocks and resting his head thereon. Horrified at the sight, the father called in a loud voice, this startled the mare and she lifting one of her hind legs, struck the child on the side of the mouth and nose with the end of her iron shoe, cutting his face terribly. The poor little fellow of course fell senseless behind her heels, and then the mare stamped her foot twice hard ou the ground, actually not half-an-ioch from the child's face. The father did not dare to move, for fear his boy was killed, at 'last he mustered up courage enough to run forward to pick him up. Although his face was bathed in blood, no serious damage was done, but the little fellow will most likely carry the mark of his adventure to his grave. Where do I get my household supplies? Why, at G. J. Walker's Tea Emporium, Sandgate, of course. 