FOUNDED OM FACT, VI T. KAtCOLftfl WATSON, : I liad written a novel ivlucli, 1 may say wihout ; affectation, had been received, • alike by the . public - and tho press, with' marked favour. Possibly- the "generous -, reception extended to m may, m some measure, have been the result of my OWH . frankness 111: at once acknowledging - the source .from Avlncli I had drawn my inspiration* Novoi'tlicless, I-ain, I think, justified in saying that the hook oWed it? ;success:;loss:to the- mtncacy of its plot.' than to.the-adroit .-manner -ill : which the " incidents w;ere handled, -and, above all,.: to the subtle analysis "'of a mind giftsd. beyond the common. \- The volume has been so recently 111 Uve hands of: readers, and by them so fully discussed; that -X -feel - a, not urniatuml difSdenes-m referring io it hsra m anything.like detail. If tliero is one thmg I dislike more than another, it is the. thrust- • •ing. of my oivn personality before the" public. But, unfortunately, I have no; option .m the present ^instance; I have ^given asolemn pledge under circumstances,! of .pecuhar.gravity, and the responsibility;: restingon me untiLfchat pledge is redeemed - •caiuiofc readily be. over-estimated. I-have —umvifctnigly, it_is true—perpetrated a ? serions WTong-vaflSinst^jiellow-crenture,: and-the only method- open 'to mo of'un- the evd thus wrought: is to -doing make: -my recantation no -less public than 'the! error which renders it necessary \- . Although, therefore, I do not feel called upon 1 to enter with any degree of minuteness into'the particulars of my -stoiy~a task particularly distastefuUto one of. my modest disposition—I am forced to call to the reader's memory ohe or two of the "leading events set forth 111 its pages. - It. will be remembered that m the preface I at once,.as I. liave said, .disliarmed hostile criticism on -the score of-originality by can-;, didly Saclaring the basis- of niy tale to be., the account of a certain trial for -murder; ., which I had unearthed from an oldnewgpaper. It would, however, be unfair to. my own share-in the work did I not add that the details there given-were of the most meagre kind—a- veritable "Bkeleton .in -fact from which not only every vestige ^f flesh had long since disappeared, • but which, during-these years of sepulture, -had lost a goodly number of its original . bones; and among -these many of its most important. . To me, -tlien^IeH the task of rehabihtatmg this time-worn atrue(;ure : of clothmg it again, so to speak, with -its former wrappings—and of : miparfcihg to it -such vitality as might prove acceptable to the public-of the presentday • The newspaper .report to which I have •alluded: was short and to many miglit-scem prosaic. . It- told• m .-concise'language how a certain Benjamin North had been- tried' and convicted of the murder of "his wife, Hypaha, whioli crime no doubt, although the fact remained unrecorded, he in due -course expiated. on. the scaffold The evidence went to show that for "many years previous to their marriage the union of these two had boon looked upon as probable, and that only a series of malign influences -had prevented the consummation of their hopes at-an earherperiod Their happiness, however, was fated to be of brief duration. - Shortly . .after :the; wedding, ITypatia—-no longer, be it said, •in the feist bloom of her youth—developed" symptoms of ill-healtli. -Tlie circumstance did not pass unobserved by her husband, m whose favour it-was urged at the trial that no one could have .displayed 'gi'eater patience or devotion.. .The haunts of her ,-eailier days-were forsaken, and Bid fiiends". saw-almost nothing of them former- comrade, On the rare occasion which found linn absent, from :1ns wife's side it was apparent, morover, that I10 had changed greatly. His manner was more serious "imd at tunes even depressed. A certain -gloom had settled upon his face, and-his very gait betrayed a mind anxious and harassed.-- .- . r - The sudden death of his wife followed soon after. .Of its cause there never was the slightest doubt: a day or two previously Korth had purchased a quantity of arsenic with the- ostensible purpose of giving it to his-horses to improve the ap-. pearance of their coats.- ' It' was -clearly pio ved, : and - indeed was never denied, that his wife's death had resulted from a i-dose of:this very poison- .Tlie defence appears to have been conducted ;on: the-most primitive. hues A -plea, .certainly was advanced - that- the woman had, either byaccidon! or design, \- taken the.:arsenic-herself; but^as no: evi- 1 dence was adduced in support of the as serfcion, the man's case quickly fell to the ground. -Nor, from what I could gather, ry, . did the result cause,- him - either surprise; or uneasiness. . Like the Greeks of old,' \- he seemed to see m his approaching doom:-. the hand of fate from which no mortal aid ; could save him > Such was the framework u.> in which: I had avowedly built up my stoiy, cai-iylng candour even so far as to give chapter; and verse-for iny authority. And although; lfmayj-v at--first-glance,, be thought that- . the nsurative contained little either.ofcan .extraordinary or sensational nature, to ;me there -was. much:{both keenly pathetic and dramatic m it I conjured up the eaily struggles of these loving heaits — the long, slow years of waiting until; their hopes at last should be clowned with fruition In Hypatia I re cognised a woman of a tiusiing and. loyal disposition; m Korth amau of lofty, if - somewhat self-contain od, icharacterj-x AnU towards these two. just as the cup of happmess was - raised to their lipa,- the - i-l^nd-'of»death;was^seen-tK>-;streteh?iorth ;; : an d-theinevita'Ble endto -approach. ..Tha.fc'- Horth -was convinced of lus wife's nea r diBs61ution-I,hadiiio-doubt,-;and::ihat^ felt the coming separation even more acutely than herself was no less clear to me. And so he had. taken his deteimina • tion. If they might no longer live to-. them Imbued with this lesolve, he had ^urchasedahejoisonjfjntendiiiofitQ.^make, away with both his wife 'and himself, "But,'after-administering; her portion, his -jierve:-hadfailedhim:;.andbefore-he«ould snmmonup-courage-sufiicieiit- to:eomplete. his purjiose, justice was on lias tiaok eNeyerthelessjwlienliis- fate-c^ it calmly andheroically; conscious that if.bo had sinned in act he was at leastinnocent in intention 1 i 1'The chai-aotfer of Jfche man had grown! -upon me Tvlttf^wonderful "vividness, and 1J -the "motives he hadi been: -o animated "Thasuccess jaf tjie book"'may -jefforts were not -wholly in .vain Some few "weeks after its publication! uras sitting one evening alone m-my^tudy, It was close-upon"jnidmghtj^ and I had already been vratmgior several'hours, as )t was neces'jary -the wo^k Ihivd inAand should be finished by a specified .time;,and j 1 was anxious to koep faith. Just at that jnoment:I;found myself brought to a stop 1 by the want of certain data, which I remembered wore tg be found m one of-my. reference-books. •• Being'desirous fcocom- i plots the article before-retiring for the night, 1 accordnigly laid aside my pen,. and proceeded downstairs m pursuit of the. volume in question A few minutes'- search .suSxced to provide me with what I required, and, taking the book in my hand, I -returned oncemore to my work. . Entering the room hastily, it was not until I reached my place at the table that I noticed the chair' opposite to me to bo occupiod ' : .1 must confess to considerable -surprise." and.even.some-httle -alarm at-the apparition of a stranger m my house. With the exception of the servants I live alone, and" certainly .1 had no recollection of having : invited anyone of this;gentleman's appearance to call on me at .so unseemly an hour : as midnight.. Besides, how had he contrived to enter without-:xnaking. himself :-heard1 . -•-. - - . \- ".Good evening, sir," lie said with a strong provincial accent, as I took my scat. - -.--.-; - .-- ..-- . .. Good - evening," I -replied, -not very cordially,- perhaps ; but under.the circumstances an absence of warmth might be excused. ''Ifear, however;" I continued,:; "I have -not the -advantage of knowmg whom I am addressing." Ispokal madgji hasty survey of the stranger :.ia the hope of recalhng the occasion on which we had met before. ; But my. efforts were m vam. His features seemed wholly unknown to me. Ihesej.it may be observed, were sufficiently remarkable to leave a lasting impression upon a. memory- less retentive than my own. But what struck me mostiorcibly in this first examination was the old-fashioned air of the-man ; an impression, by the way, considerably heightened * by his style of coBtume, which appeared to be modelled upon a pattern fashionable m the years of tins century, but curiously, out of keepmg -with the .present-day furniture flf. my room. The other: points in .particular: attracted my attention: the: \- first,-that he was a very small man—so small, indeed, that as he sat on a not inordinately -high chair, his feet did not even touch. the ground, but hmig sus- • pended in mid-air,: oscillating backwards and forwards.hke a pair of pendulums ; the other, that his face igis. exceedingly red and chubby. There was, moreover, a" good-natured-twinkle about iu3 eyes which • immediately suggested to the observer a. power of appreciating a joke, if-not of too -subtle an order, quite equal to the average. -:. Although J myself was unconscious of having given utterance to anything particularly humorous, he ^seemed to draw; from my reply a considerable fund of amusement, for-it set him laughmg somewhat boisterously. " And yet," he answered, "there s;nobody living knows— or thinks he knows—more about me and my doings than yourself." - ••-.-.. " You must.be labouring under some mistake,",-I rejoined gravely. " Unless my memory greatly deeeivea me, we have; never met before- tonight, so that it is impossible -1 should be acquainted. with your history." . " That's precmely -whafc I have come to -complain- about;'-, said the-little, man-,• .turning a shade redder," and with a touch of-imtation in his voice ;• "you admit you have never seen me before—know nothing of my thoughts, actions, manners, or tastes, and yet-, forsooth, you coolly con-, stitute yourself my biographer!" . • v- . " Your—your—vrliafc ?' I quened. :-•'•.'•••" My biographer," rephed the stranger. "My name, 3ir, -is North—Benjamin Northland I've taken some-httle trouble,; let ine -tell, you, to come here to-mght, that I-may have.the- satisfaction of a personal .explanation with the gentleman who' has bsen good enough to write my life." "-. i I sat.back in ray cliair speecliless," overcome with the-variety-of emotions .-which crowded upon me. -But what, perhaps,, oppressed , me more than any,: was -the thought that 1 had- bsen-basely tricked; and deceived. TVsh Benjamm North— red-faced, commonplace, fat httle person, theprototypeof thatIngh-souledandgentle; man .whose career .1 had traced-with so lovmg a hand 1: It was impossible ; or,-if it were indeed true, then I had been deeply wronged : robbed , of what is dearest to the writer's liearfc^-a noble ideal. . . : -• "" " I thought: I should surprise you," he -resumed, " and I'm glad to find that you have atleast the grace to be'silent; But :d..on' suppose Fve comeall the way from the other world simply to taunt you. No, sir, m so acting I had a definit^object in :view—an object, moreover, I intend shall ,: bs accomplished before I return." He •paused for a moment, whether from esciteinaiit or .want of . breath I was unable to determine, -but quickly continued in an -impressive tone, contrasting ludicrously with his appearance,:" -You, sir; have done; vine a serious injury." ••--: •:. • :-;-;:-: . ; ;•••. As he said these words I felt mclined . t0'.-break,iiit0 -..a-.-hysterical^^•laugh -at the ; -absurdity of the accusation, but with: a • strong effort • I. .controlled . myself• " I do not," 1 observed, quite underetaud what grounds you have for-complamt.?' - ^ No sooner had I spoken tlian I would : have given much to recall the sentence The efiectupon Mr. North-was so decided as to -cause -me serious alarm.: .His face became purple,-,and I feared-every instant - to.^ee.Jiim. roll off.:his:-seat-'in a fit -of apoplexy;-The horrible thought forced. ifcselfupon me : -V(-2iat jf- I were left with, the corpse of: a ghost upon my hands ? "Fortunately,- hmvever, -I was spared'that.; calaniity,---.foi^;-..: recovering ."hmiself,"- -he 1 again addressed -me, .• this -.time-'ialmost"-: savagely— is^-iiSxBiaiaB'iois- Gomplamt.!';he,-echoed; ; .•'•5^y.,:sir;i,jiuttmg;. : aside.'all^ to facts, Regarding which, by the way, be, wlieie, may I ask, did you find : .aufclioi'ityfortheeharaefceryouliaTOgiven; me'" i •:The,question-certamly;.OT me; : not a little "1—1 must allow" I ;answered) -"I d-rewtliatfrom-my-imagni- v ation " " ' Imagmition ! ' he replied in an: accent of the most profound contempt. 'Exactly, you novel write'-s seem to Sfaii^-!thatj$he.aiomentigrou:;-haTe.-uttered-; shibboleth "Imagination" the last word has been said It never occurred to you, J Mini l t-> i'i u\ hi 1 1?, ft 1pi<* might be on the subject^?' J 5 " I confess/' 1,'-::,returned, somewhat SonSdera&on-it; doubtless deserved. You must lemember, however," I added in 'extenuafionjJ " that ? y"6u had .been .dead" -some seventy^ears -or moie M01 w. er. I: t"»k the piocwion <I chai,i m^ jour n imo , | " < ^hat'fl gcot:, 1 r-torted the little man, -swinging-his legs'to -and -fro withadcli tional force; - /Really, you are too considerate. .- And such -a disguise, 'too 1 -Nobody, of course,-could-possibly recognise Benjamin North:under the pseudonym of Benjamin South' " The two names are at least as Jarapartas the poles," I suggested with a vacuous smile, hoping ;to turn the matter into a humorous channel \- " ' Egad ! you've a pretty vrit,' he answered, 'a most excellent wit;;' - Then, waxmg warmer-^! Damme, sir 1 I've known a man run tlirSugli the body for a worse joke ' I hastened to express my -satisfaction, that the quahty of mine was: not such as to call down upon me a similar fate: But 1 spake to -regardless ears, for; -payingno heed to my interruption, llr. North again proceeded to the attack ;—- '"Come, sir, let's have a look at this precious book of yours. You've a copy -under your hand, I see.: There are one or two passages I'd like to havo the , pleasure of hearing you repeat aloud. Suppose we begin- with page twentynine!' .-..-.• • •.:--.-.-.-. The. consternation visible upon my face at tins proposal brought back my interlocutor to a pleasanter state of things,-and' -a look of marked content settled upon his : features as lie said, with a grim chuckle, .'It isn't'every .day an author lias the privilege of declaiming: his own productions to 00 appreciative,, an audicnce ' .- .Recognising the futility of. resistance, I .took- up the volume -and opened it at the point -indicated; As I read, the words • ;-seemed -to.take a- new. and unnatural meaning,- and I could - hardly Teahse that they were the same which, an hour ago had . appeared so full of power and descriptive insight-. ...,:,.... r. •:•',... : " ' The laws which regulate Nature and Humanity,' I began,in a hard, spasmodic voice, ' while working towards the sameends, have each their different methods of attaining results. With the. former the thing that is precious is too often hidden; beneath a valueless husk ; -with the latter seldom or never. So it was in Benjamin South's case. The noble soul within was adumbrated by the lofty expression of his -face ; the unconscious yearnings of a higher nature were traced upon every line of lus features. Tall and meagre,- almost to emaciation, his very person mdicated, a disregard , for, all-sensual pleasures, which, it was manifest, swept past shamestricken-and abashed, leaving him pure and unsullied as the soft white light of the crescent moon." , - ... . '" It's a little mixed,'said my listener, with a grin of malignant 'pleasure, - ' but it describes me to the life. And your elocutionary style brings out the points with such vividness, that you really must; allow me -to. congratulate you upon it Pray continue, sir, for next • to epitaphs on gravestones, it's , the most entertaining reading:I have met with for a long time.' '-.,..- -.•"-.".'•• .-:-.•--••-' Unwilling as I felt, there was nothing for it but to do as he requested. : "•He was gifted," I proceeded, " with a mind of smguarly analytical and introspective type, possessed, too of an unequalled faculty of projecting .itself : into the future, and of bringing back thence much that would have proved elusive to. a nature less hberally endowed, The 'potentiality of Jus presence . was apparentunder.any circumstances ; it dominated all-with whom he came m contact, and may perhaps be best described by: the word electrical. - It will-not, however, surprise anyone that a mind so purely" subjective in-its-action should have had its weak point, and it must be admitted that synthetically South's was a comparar: -tive. failure. . The creative faculty had been in a great measure denied to' lum, and herein he fell short of greatness. • But in saying so much I do no more than allow-that he was one of those who only just miss attaining the heights upon which men of the noblest genius and power of expression have walked and lived.-'" * ' Thank you!' said my guest, whose face during the recital of the preceding had: gradually become overcast and troubled; ' I think I Tvon-'t ask you. to go on. It's very fine, no doubt, but I'm afraid I don't quite-grasp the meaning. Besides, xt makes me sleepy, and- I-have one or two mattersto set right before I •leave.' - - • — • • . - • • I laid aside the book with a sigh of relief. For the first time in my life I had found the pages dull. •. - . • .-•: • Mr.; North's next remark surprised me not a httle: : You're not married of. course ?' he saidi : v. . - - , " 'No ' I answered, 'but why " of course" ?' , 'Then he contmued, disregarding -my question, 'in. describmg the relations exiBtmg between my wife-and myself you drew, I .presume upon your nnagmation again ? " Xes " I rephed with some enthusiasm, "I pictured to myself the uidissoluble union-of two souls, bouud together by no earthly tie, but merged tho one into tlio .other by tho sublime alchemy of "a divme i hand " " Thank you 1" he said drily. " When T want extracts I'll refer, to the book itself. You coriamly 7wu)eapretty power- ' : -ful imagination;" - - -:..:-1 looked down, colourmg a little at the direct compliment. . . " You hadn't .the pleasure of knowing Hippy, I think ?" he asked • * "Hippy?"' I repeated interrogatively. " I mean, the late Mis North?" " No," 1 replied. -.- : - . ••• >,;.-• "Ab,' he went on- m a dreamy way; : , " You missed a great treat." -- •: Then, rousing himself,: he leaned forward in- his' chair, holding the arms firmly so as to prevent himself from . falling,' and m a hoarse Tflusper addreesed me : " If there over was a shiew and a termagnat born mto this world, it was my wife " -; Tho intensity with which the -'words •were spoken bore evidence to their truth If other proofs .had "been wanted, it would • have been found in theexpression of hatred and fear apparent on the speaker's face To me the shock although painfull was notaltogether unespected.^-A^ illusion had been swept away, and now I could hear with a certain degree of calm ness the loss of the second " My dear sir," I said, " I begthatyou; will not excite yourself. I think I begin' to understand the object of your coming tonight Let me assure you that any; .statement .you raay.deEireto-niake willbei not only impartially judged "by me but : ^treated as_ wholly private^' t ' " Private 4" he mteirupted with an angry wave of the hand ~"3Egad, sir, the greater the publicity the better I'll be ? pleased. You don't suppose I came here merely to set myself Tight with you 1" ; j!"thought;it,prident tti -pass over in; silence the slur -implied by his words "HI have injured you in any way," I; said with chilling ^courtesy, am pre- - : pared to do whatfiW"lies jn my power to place the matter,upon its right basis," : - My assurance appeared to give Mr- Nortli profound satisfaction. . -fie . sat back;in his plaee-once.more, and -afteiv a little-prelimmary: cough began to speak. "•That's all 'I ask-for," he said, • " and .when I'-ve told you the real facts of the - case I shall expect you to make them as widely- known as the .imaginary details contained in that volume." : ' -f" •: "-"•:" " It's very disappointing to 'you,' I "ad- : , mit;"he went on; settling dowja to lm Btory,." but truth compels me to say that I -never was anything but a Tery- ordinary ~ happy-go-lucky sor,t of a mortal. I don't quite uuderstand what is meant by - pro- • jeet-mg oneself into", the future,' but in my •_ -case the nearest approach to the process, -I take it, was -when my father threatened to kick me mto the middle of - next week on account of some , youthful escapade. As-to the other complimtary : things you - liave been good enough to say o£. me, I'm sorry to confess they're quite.beyond'my . comprehension... •.. -.:. ...:.; . "I.was.: a. little bit of aSiarum-scarum > fellow ; but I never wanted for friends. And-these were the days, ,letme tellyou, sir, when a man did'nt shrink,from his . second; of even his tlurd; bottle of wine ; and when the nights were all too short for . the fun and.frohc we sought to crowd mto them. . Perhaps we weren't so hberally gifted with. imagination as the present generation; hut, by gad, sir ! we were •-• ready enough to . back -up; our opimons , - with solid facts if,required., -. • . '' I was barely thirty when my father :, died;- leaving me a-Bnuggish, bit : of property. \--Its didn't represent a fortune of : course, but the income yielded by it was - sufficient for all wants and a few luxunesover and above. Alas ! my seeming good . fortune was to prove the cause of my rum, • for from the day. on which Hypatia learned the news of my altered circumstances she made up her mind that I should be her husband. . At this point his voice sank to a deep and impressive tone:— • .- , •. \- " For ten years she gave me no peace, followmg me from place to place with the tenacity of a bloodhound.- From .the beginning :I knew that; there was no hope for me, but I died -hard. - I racked my bram for-excuses: I threw obstacle after -. obstacle m her way, yet all to no purpose. It was only a question of - time; .and she knew it.-. The moment at last cameTvhen I could struggle 110 longer, but found myself forced to yield up my freedom at the altar of our village church. "Then beganior-me a life of unutterable .misery. .-The late Mrs. North was a woman of noble proportions, while, as you have possibly observed, I am not myself a Hercules. When, therefore, as was her wont, she placed lier back agamst the door, .protesting that I should no longer visit.my old haunts and cronies, I could not but recognise how. vam was the power-. of.prayer to move her-from the position. :" I became depressed-and moody- ~ All my former buoyancy deserted me"; andwhen by chance I -encounterod .aii-'old : acquaintance; I shrank- away -from his presence out of pure shame.- " Two years passed: and' my wife: fell -ilL What the disease was can be of no interest to you, but by the village doctor it was pronounced to be-deadly: It was- . my sad duty," contmued'thespeaker with • a. curiously comic glance at myself, "to communicate to her tlie -terrible mtelhgence.- :• :-• - ... • ... .,',' The habit of -obedience- had- by this time become so engrained mT-.my nature that I did not even dare to take advantage of her helplessness, but remained constantly^ at her side. • Upon this, "mdeed, she insisted ; and-as: her malady did" not confine-her. to -bed :I acquiesced in her wishes with my usual alacrity. - '•- . :." As the end drew -near :she became imbued with a most unjust suspicion that her death would not be unwelcome to mo- • I cannot tell you, sir,"said the:little man with, a break m_ lus- voice and making believe to wipe away a tear, " how deeply, this delusion-pamed roe. .- " And.now, sir, what do you tlnnk the inhuman , monster did ? You- are >awarethat I had. purchased the arsenic to give " to the horses. Impressed by the idea : I have mentioned, and determined that I should not be left to rejoice m my new- : found liberty, she resolved upon poisoning'- herself, well knowmg how fatal to myself . the consequences must prove. And, being a woman largely :gifted- with.the courage of her convictions, she actually did it-." Exhausted . by, the: narration- of his wrongs; Mr. North paused here. For my own part I hardly- knew ; what to thmk of so extraordinary a story. ' In -a moment or two; however, he-resumed-•—^ " That, sir, is the truth. Now are you convinced of the.wrong you have done to me?".-- .."• -. "• -..:.: "••-...•'•. • -•- - " Yes," I admitted; " your version certainly throws a new light upon the incidents." , . - - ' - . • " Be assured it is the correct one, and ' accordingly, sir, I claim the fulfilment of your promise, and ask that, you will clear ; my .character.from the. tissue of falsehood ' —don't be oftended, sir, for it is a tissue of falsehood—with which yourimagmation has n'.terivoven it." •"'...• -.. : •. " You mean," I.answered somewhat reluctantly, " that I shall place before thep.ubhc the.particulars you have.just com-.:. inumcated ?' "Exactly" . Isighedas.I thought, of .my lost ideal; : but .1- had -pledged uiy word. ''As you: 1 will," I replied; . ." I.promise." - - - . " Good ! ' he rejomed. Then suddenly changmg the subject, .'':By the way, have you ever. noticed the pecuhar conforma- , tion of that bust over 3*our head ?" - ,-...".No,'.'- li,answered,.-lookmg--'in ..the - direetion-indicated-; "I don't know that I- have.-.: Perhaps^:' I- suggested,'turning .- again towards him, "it is the eftect I stopped. The chair before me was empty. 