THE VICTORIA AMATEUR TU lil CLUB SPRING,MEETING. ' THE CAULFIELD CUP DAY. On Saturday the sixth Cnp mee was rnn nt Caulfield, under circumstances alike favourable to tlir- iinnnec-sof the club nnil to the plci-mre ni" those win» wished to seo the mein-,'. 1'liDilny niny be- »aid to mark n bound ¡ti the progrcs-i of the duli, since for the first time mi utu-iid.nce of ¡¡0,000 people was ¡-inhered on the Cuullie-ltl couise. i The stream of cubs and carriages to the course was something exceptional, for as a rule the Toad traffic to Caulfield en- tirely lucks the amnzing vnriety of the Flemington ronds on Cup Day. There were several good teams of four on the road, and Hil Excellency the Governor drove his own drag. The drive to Caullield is becoming deservedly populnr, the pleasant features of the latter part of the journey more than atoning lor the tribula- tions of the main St. Kilda Hoad ; and as the carriage paddock at the course lins been considerably increased in area of Inte, there is every inducement for those possessed of private vehicles to avoid tile trip by rail, which this year was attended with rather more Worry than usual. Nearly till those going out by special trains walked down to the station ritt' Swanston- street, and rushed to the nearest ticket window. Jlcro at one time people were st_t"ilii¡g 10 deep, and there was au almost continuous struggle for tickets, l-'urther down the windows were almost de- serted, so that the difficulties of intending passengers were, in a lurga measure, ?elf, created. Next year a placard nt this point drawing attention to the windows lower down should have the effect of lessening the crush at any one point. The Blow pace of some of the special trains on the road out to the course was hardly in con- sonance with the feelings of people whose heads were Ulled with racing. Tho view of the course itself, which has yet all the pleasantness of spring with nothing o£ summer, was an agreeable relief after the Btrife ot reaching it by rail. The stand was filled with Indies, but the bright costumes which are generally seen on an im- portant race day in spring were missing alto- gether. Except iii size the gathering was. In its general aspects, that of a midwinter meeting. The mounted troopers had some difficulty in clearing the ground for the first race. As they turned the people from the lower end of the straight they streamed in at the other end through the railway gates. The stand on the upper Hat was packed with people all through the day, and the crowd opposite the réserves was out of all proportion' to what had been seen at previous meetings. In one Bense-the choice of pronounced colours the bookmakers on the Hat have set nn example to racing men, and one which the V.1Í.C. executive are most anxious ttint the owners of horses should follow. The effect ivns noticeable in some of tho improved costumes worn by jackeys for tho first time on Saturday. TheJiumber of peoplo carried by rail was 12,1.5, as against 8,843 last year, and the re- turns from all sources show that the attend dance must have been n few hundreds above 20,000. At the best meeting previously held nt Caulfield the attendance was not more than 11,000, ao that the increase Is a material one. The financial success of the meeting may he gauged from the Inct that, as inr as can be learned, the profits are about ¿1.000 more than on the last spring meeting. These figures compare most favourably with the returns ot the annual spring meet- ing on tile Randwick course at Sydney. And the racing proved worthy of the occa- sion. A more sensational finish than thnt made by Hen 13olt in the Cup race is rarely witnessed; and although, gauged by the tune- test, the performance', like that of O'liricn's other winning mounton Calmn, was only a moderate one, the success otu popular rider and ot the most heavily backed horse in the race was Buflicient to please the great ma- jority of those present Some English visitors ¡who saw O'firlen's feat on Saturday, were__«)ced what, weight the great English rider, Archer, could give him in n (¡nish, and the reply was, " Not au ounce." It was some . t what strange that although no horse has fallen at Caulfield since the last Cup race, bnturday'se hlef race should witness a repeti- tion uf themishapthatthen led tosomuch mis- chief. Last year the-mnre Too Too waa sup pused to have crossed her legs and fallen, thus cnusing the calamity. On Saturday Jim Cain went down in very much the same way shortly after the start for the race, but with n slower pace and a smaller field those horses behind were able to ¡»void him by awerving sharply. It was, however, a vivid re- minder of the iormer accident The other exciting, incident of the day waa the defeat of Malua, and there lins rarely been such a shout ut Caulfield ne waa raised when the South Australian colt fsonomy passed him near the post Twice before the defeat of Malua with his owner in the saddle lins been followed by a brilliant victory. Will racing history repent itself? In connexion with the Steeplechase the most serious nppreheiislons were felt for M'Cowan when Sir Samuel fell at the logs, but, though the jockey seemed to full on lils head and was stunned for a second, he escaped ab- solutely without injury, though his horse was less fortunate. The appointments tor the day's racing, us far as the'club were con- cerned, were as perfect as could be desired, except in the fact that the last ruco was started at too late an hour in ' the afternoon to suit the general convenience of visitors. Mr. Skinner was, ¡is usual, to be commended for tho excellence of his catering, and War necke's band filled in the pauses of the racing most Bgreeubly. THE RACING. For the opening event the Selling Race, there were eleven starters, a couple of thom being rather above the average stamp of candidates for these events. Honora, ridden by Power, was ut first m general demand, until it wita found that Toronto, with Gorrj in tho »addle, was being bucked bj lim owner tmd friends down to the short price of 2 to 1, anil when they went down to the post he was rather a better favourite flinn Honor«, though there was barely a point iltirerenee in the tute of odds separating tlicm '1 ho chesnut Artel was the only other ubout which nnjthing like a fair wager was booked licttveeti the two favourites there was considerably more thnn a point differ- ence in the running, lor after Honora lind been permitted to cut down Ariel, 'loronto, whose effort was reserved for chu liniih, ptBscd the Mordialloc mure just as euailj, mid won bj nearly two len"ths, 'lich burne gelling into third place The race was a profitable one for the club, as it gat the whole of the ¿ICO for which Toronto wits bou(,lu bock for his owner 'Hie introduction v I"I> R00'' "»"'l«'''-'01 a8e ï"0« 'llt0 t,le i A IL programme has lons been con sulered ti ntceaBity, and judging by the interest taken in the Cnullield Makes on buturtlay the club made no mistake In recognising the popular wish buch tin event ¡s calculated to still furihcr raise the lone of Caulfield racing, us there are fen spi rts men who would no1 sooner see one meeting between such celebrities as Malui, Sluet Anchor, and Crace Darling limn unj num ber of scrambles amougit the »printers Mulila s presence lind a puruljsiiigcllccioii llie betting for it so m bccnuie known thal nts owner was to ndi lum, nlihonc.li he vv. uld have to currj lili overweight lh< horsclius seldom looked belter, mid with Kobi rtsun lu lue saddle the race would lune been luukcl upon us tin absolute ceriunty lor lum Niict Anchor w is m splendid health, but will he nearer his r.cmg con dillon a fortnight hence, when the Mel uouriie Cup is run Hie Adelaide colt fsonomj showed plentv of muscle and had Walu i liccn ulisent lu» would have earned a perfect pile of bouth Australian cash mid conhilcnie As it uns, he was bulad with binue spirit, though no oller of less . i lour to one was noticed Miluiwas 1 . uni dunn locveiunoncj, and the book wkirs wcrciinximis to write his name in iltublis rutliei thnn siituglit out If theper loruuincis of some of the horses engaged were not ible the records of three were at least mdillereiit, and it seemed lather astir prise to ImiUoung Horatio, Upai, and lietort it the post Malua got lirst into the i"riue,ht v/itlinut being apparent!} extended, .II m li lsonuniv was IIIWIIJH close at hand J"» Hie distance was neared the Adelaide horse was brouulit ulong willi a rush close on -lulim a right und, keeping him to the rails, iirvniuchnsMiuldelinndid Volcano in the ¡?¡ni Inline lor the Guineas, Isonomy passed ' ,?at ?"','" ? leni1 01 ll>ree quartets ol a iwu Whether Irom the illct ihut Mr t Trull« wilt) unililo to use his whip, or from ¡luuliiliiy on tua part of the horse, Malua appeared to tit) ia!) Hluggishiy, and the bril liant run b) which lie has won most of his roeta was altogether missing In another eouplo of lotictliH I he Nun would have ! nteii bim for si cond place, her hnal run being made ut such a mee that it tried earlier it might lune been too much for Iso norn) also,stronglyashecamehome Hie lilly a penormanee was sufficient to give a renewed intorist to her three j car old engagements. She is not in the Di t b), but should hut e n good chance o-iiinst Madilehnn, Crossfire, Acme, lamana!, anti Gi III) or an) ot the other probable starters foi the Unis Hie allot mont of wei-lits for the Nurser) Handic-ip so htiti.lied the owner* of two )eirs olds that l8 out of 20 namul i n the card went to the post And although Hortense carried top n i"ht she waa tiutrkly made ftr«t favouriti, fier -tarling price being 2 to 1, while lair odJs were obi unable against Hiilomn anti Lad) Loiel All calcul ttions ab mt Ilonenae winnin- were upset by the lill) getun_ away baili), but although she lost mucli (.round, tilts stout diu.hter of Oang lorvurd again run so gamely that she was just beaten b) n short neck, and was in front at the second stride I)ist the post it was a fine nertorni ance on the part ot Hortense and both her owner und backers deserve 1 better luck Uedoutn ¡,ot third pinte m i ilma the three best backed )oung3ters m the ruce tilled the places 1 he sensation of the morning in connexion with the Caulfield Cup was the scratching of Little Tollu, mid the oui) other horso with drawn was Marone), leaving a held of l8 to contest the event As the hor-es filed out thousands of ejes as usual, looked them over Millstream was led up to the Dost early and wall ed about in the i.uict comer near the siartni" point, so that the lretful gelding ruicht have his temper rultle.il as shjitly as possible before the alart Remus s bright chesnut skin shone like satin, but the horse, tall thin, and legg), haidl) looked like saving the ring in this race-which, according to popular opinion, was Ins mission Hie black Silver mine looked one of the grandest of a field in which were several horses of commanding carnage Bonnie Doon was rot specially con spicuous while 1 irstConsul s performance in the Guineasnaturiilly broughthim into notice, und he took runic ai being one of the three lintst-looKing horses in the event in Ins condition there is however, jet some room for improvement 'i nrpein, like some of the other chianina, was light, and Mentmore had much less llesh on lum than usual I he gold cap with black seams now worn by Mr U hit lingham s jockeys is in public cstimntionadis tmct improvpmentoii the old costume, and on Saturday it shone like a star, even at the further side of the course Boolka also car ried new colours for Mr. Miller, the jacket half way up being scarlet, while all the test waa pure white A peculiar interest attached to Jim Cam, -for he belonged to the same owner as the withdrawn Littlejohn He has a rather coarse neck, but with the tailing quarters which have in the case ot more than one good horse Leen the accompaniment of both speed and staying power 1 urther, if appearances were any guide, he waa in condi tion to stay the distance Recall, and the peculiar faded brown /clio, were next, and then carne the other Ballarat horse, Britisher, sharing with Silvermine ana lirst Consul the credit of being fmong the finest trio on parade, and when they Btood up side b) sitie at the starting post, they towered above the rest like troop horses Lesbia, always thin, looked more faded than ever, and hut for the fact that this was to some extent her natural condition, everyone would huvo dismissed her from lurthernotice as being overtrained St John, with the white sear an his fetlock showing plainly as he cantered up the straight, was hard and bright, a perfect model of racing form, but Islander (the only gre) in the Held, and a not verj conspicuous one) was considered out classed lien Uolt, who came next, was m popular estimation somewhat leggy, but he is rouud m the barrel and wiry m general ap peuraiice, though of somewhat unusual build. IlieLewtecarricdhispurpleandorungein the tail ot the procession Hut for the unties of Millstream there would have been little delay at the post \\\ hen not sulking he wus walt- ing everywhere except in the line of horses waiting patientl) lor lum to rome to reason J he little jockey coaxed and humoured bim fora time, and then losing patience with the brute, lind on his whip amorti) Twice borry hud to dismount und drug Ins horse to the starting point, where 'lim LoMte was kicking t round generally, but very unxious to go I inully Millstream was jammed in between two of the more patient horses, the jockey was lilted into the saddle, and olf they went to a splendid start the two held horses, Jim Cam and Millstream, being last to leave the mark, while St John antici pate-d the signal and gained it length, which he at once lost bv a slight stumble Hushing past the stand, /eno, the Lévite, lloolka, und St. John were in front, and exactly abreast ot each other, but at the turn, as it to remind the onlookers of the last un- fortunate Cup nice, Jim Cam crossed his legs and fell At lenst n dozen of the horses who were close to lum Bwerved sharply out, and another calamity was thus avoided, the lad w ho rode the fallen horse not getting even a single scratch It was with n feeling of great relief that people snw lum on his feet aeain when the dust rolled awn. Boolka and Bonnie Doon, who were on the inside, profited to some extent over the others by this mishap, and taking lull advuntage ot it, shared the lead right round to the home turn Britisher and St John fought round tho bend, while Robertson had the favourite at tbeir heels, and was watching the Dowling Forest horse, lo people standing at the turn it seemed that the-horses Silvermine uni! Britisher had the nice to themselves, and although the former was going easiest at the turn he was the hrst undtr tbo whip O'llrlen, lying about sixth, as tiley gained the straight toole lien Holt with an easy curve on to the soundest bit of track in the struight, urging lum all the time with whip and heels, a bad sign with any other than a lazy horse Then with nothing to block lum aud a fair run home the hardest finisher amongst Australian jockejs set lumselt for one of his characteristic efforts Intent on the struggle between Lritishcr and Silvermine, few saw lien Bolt coming until he had almost caught the leaders, then e\cry eye was drawn to his rush, and the voices of those who, under in tense excitement, find relief in shouting, screamed the name of the Queensland horse as he caught and beat Silvermine b) n short neck, though people doubted how the race had gone until the numbers appeared Oui) along neck separated Silvermine and Britisher, und a length further back wus Re call As a proof ot honest efirjrt it was noticeable that the eight horsescarrying most public money were amongst the first nine to puss the post '1 he winner was bred in Queensland, and bought lor £70 by ¡t working mun, who lcasi d him lo some Melbourne sporting men for a racing season His sire- Newbold-was a very lair performer at I lemington some sears ago As he ia not a training ground horse, atidonl) gives good gallops when vigorously ridden, a cerium amount ol mystery at tached to all betting tiansactions in con nexion with lum On one day the longest prie s were upathettcally retuaed, and on the nett almost sensational wagers were being made , but the outcome of all the financing was that the horse carried more inonei than ntl} other m the nice, und the ring lost heavily by Ins victory His best previous perform ance wns Ina defeat of Tempe ni the Carring ton Stakes at Sydnc), where he was also pluced in n couple of other events. Amongst a dozen starters for the Steeple- chase, Blackthorn, ridden by Corrigan, was a strong favourite but thou-h he tenced as clever!) us usual he was too slow at the finish, where Contingent ran away from ever)thing Sir hiunuel, when going well, carne down and injured his fetlock so that he is hardly Iikel) to race again Hie South Australian mt»e Lad) Callington although not b-ckt 1, ran gnniel), us a daughter of Pani«* should, but loat lier chance by striking heavily at the last jump the race was run at u last pace and but few mistakes were made 1 or the \\\ indsor Handicap li started, William lill, Don Oiovan, and 'Toronto being all backe I Don luovan, who has more than once shown nidifièrent form m third rate compaii), di veloped a fine turu ot speed, mid heit William le'l rather ensil) Hie following are details of the racing - SELLING RACE Of 100 sovs. Winner to be sold for £150 Five furlongs Mr H Oxenham's b g Toronto by Maribynong- Canico (late Artranto) (nil) 6 yrs 7st. 2lb (Gorry ) 1 Mr J Whittingham's br m Honora (nill) 6yrs 7st. 2lb (Power) 2 Mr G. M'Auleys's b h Tichborne (nil) 6yrs, 7st 7lb (Etteridge) 3 Mr W. A. H (Ellgate's ch h The Baron (£50) 6yrs 8st 7lb (Quinn) 0 Mr T Jones s b h Mistake (£25) aged, 8st (R Bence) . 0 Mr A F Bradshaw's ch m Seaweed (£25), aged, 7st 9lb (Williams) 0 Mr R Bence ns br h Cadland (nil) 5rs 7st 7lb (J Bence) 0 Mr D Robinson's gr g Land Shark (nil) aged, 7st 2lb (Brett) 0 Hon W Pearsonss g f Meleagrida (nil) 4yrs, 7st 2lb (Churchill) 0 Mr H Hoystead's chi g Ariel (nil) aged 7st 2lb (Harkett) 0 Mr D Fountain's br e Rouge et Noir (nil), 3 yrs, 6st 7lb (Fountain) 0 Betting -2 to 1 agst Toronto,5 to 2 agst Honora, 6 to 1 agst Ariel After a couple of false starts they were sent away Cadland on the outside, showing just clear of Honora who lias followed by Toronto and Tho Baron both close up to the leaders. Passing, the half-mile post Honora had a bare lead from Ariel, and the pair were closely attended by Seaweed. Tichborne, Rouge et Noir with Maleagrlda who had got off badly, running last. Rounding the bend Ariel and Honora were still at the head of the field, but had changed places the chestnut now holding a slight advantage. Ariels lead into thu straight was on sufferance only for as soon as they faced home Honora headed him, and Toronto was brought into Second place. The finish nwas left to Honora and Toronto, and when at the upper end of the lawn, Gorry pulled on the latter he came away, and won easily by a length and three-quarters, Honora beating Tichborne for second place by two lengths and a half. Mistake was fourth, Ariel filth, The Baron sixth, Rouge et Noir next, and Land Shark last Time, lm. 4s. The winner was bought in for £160. CAULFIELD STAKES, Of £00 sovs., added to a sweepstakes of 5 sovs. each. Weight for age. One milo and a furlong. Mr. M. Locke's b c Jsonomy, by Winterlake-Ruby, 4 )rs, Ost, earned Oat lib. (Quinn) .. .. 1 Mr. J. O. Jnglis's b h Malua, a¿ed, Ost -Jib., carried Ost. 81b. (Owner) . *.. 2 Mr. W. D. Robertson's b f The Nun, 3 yrs, "st (Jib, (Fnldcs).3 Mr. u Kruslika's br h Young Horatio, aged, Oat 41b. (.Mastern).0 Mr. Al. Loughlins br h Sheet Anchor, aged, Ost ' 411) (O'Brien).0 Mr. ii. U. ialbot'abo Highland Chief, 4 jrs, Oat (Moore).0 Mr. J. 0. Reid's ch ni Grace Darling, 0 yrs, Sst 131b. (Williams) . " 0 Hon. W. Pearson's h c Opal, 3 yrs, 7st 111b., car» ried «st 3lb. (Wood).0 Mr. U. Cray's b or br c Retort, 3 yrs, 7st lllb. (M'Mahon) . Betting.-Evens on Malua, i to 1 ajsfc Isonomy, 6 to 1 agst Grace Darling, 7 to 1 agst Sheet Anchor. The start was from the foot of tho hill, aud when Mr. Watson sent them off lnonomy Ud up tho slope, followed by The Nun, H ii: I ii und chief. Malua, and Jtctort. Before, thuy gained the mile post, however, the two last-named had passed to tho front, aud tho rnoumu h rid a slight lead. Behind Retort at tho mile point vvcroShcetAnchor, The N un, uud Isonomy, with the Ia7y Opal driving them along. The posi- tions changed frequently, for as tho field ncarcd the further turn Ibu Nun, Retort, and Malua wero battling for the lead, Highland Chief and Isonomy being next to thuin and clow together. Highland Chief improved his place ut the luck, and showed in front of Malua and just, bemud Ino Nun, v.no was still leading and going well within her powe Isonomy and Sheet. Anchor, t>idu by side, wt treading closely on the heels of Malua, and Upai btill watched the rate from the rear. At tho llvo-furloug point there wus no change In tho position of tho leaders, exctpt that The Nun in the lead showed clear, and wai bein.* t-teadicd to keep with the field. Cloie upon the half mile post Grace. Darling, wno had remained tn tho rear, carne forward rapidly, and tho geranium and gold showell alongside the somewhat similar colours of the Nun, only rather moro prominently. Malua and Isonomy were to. gether next, and Sheet Anchor just behind them. Highland Chief hud fallen back beaton. Rounding ttiu bend towards home Malua easily passed to the front, being followed by laonomy, Crace Darling, and lim Nun. As they entered tho straight, Isonomy closed with Malua, and tho pair wera level as they turned towards homu, whilst Ino Nun patucd Grace Darling and went after them. At tho distanoo the favourite, was in front onco moro, but the South Australian horse, cornhill again with a rush on Mama's right and so closo in that Mr. Inglis waa unable to uso his whip, .beat him in tho finish by three-quarters oí a length, 'The Nun also carno very fast as they ncared tho post aUt* finishing in Uno stylo got within half a length of Malua, ¡sheet Anchor was fourth, Graco Darling fifth. Highland Chief sixth, Young Horatio seventh, Opal next, and Retort a bad last. Time, 2m. ljs. NURSERY HANDICAP,_ Ot 150 sovs., added to a sweep of 8 sovs, each. F< two year olds. Four furlongs and a hair. Mr. P. Cliesold's br f Lady Lovell, by The Drummer -Paradigm, 7st. 121b. (Uobertaou) Mr. O. L. M action aid's br or hi f Hortense, by Gang Forward-Josephine, Sst 81b. (Campbell) Hon. \V, Pearson's br o Ücdoutu, by Darriwill Blaok Gipsy, 7st 101b. (Power) .. Mr. T. Jones's b g Lplouroan, Sst 41 b. (O'Rrlon) .. Mr. E. Harlot's b g Firebrace, 8st (Itiokctson) .. Mr. T, Colley's bro Jebuslte, 7st lllb. (William- son) . Mr. It G. Talbot's ch o Lord Allen, 7at 101b. (Nelson) , son) . Hon. W. Pearson's b or br o Citadel, 7st 01b. (Churchill) .*.0 Mr. J. II. Hill's b f Probation, Vat dib., carried 7st Olb.(Fagg) .0 dr. A. Chain'« h f Murmur, Tot 51b, (Howie) .. 0 Mr. S. Horsfall'« b o fat Miohael, 7st. 41b. (Turnhamt .0 Mr. J. Haime»'« br o Albert Loddon, 7st 4lb. (Brown).0 dr. J. Harper's b g Julian Gray, Vat. 21b. (Steers).0 Mr. J. O. Raid's ch I Golden Floece, 7bt. 2lb. (Corry).0 Mr. J. Harper's br f Nectarine, 7st Sib, (Boneo) .. 0 Mr. A. P. Bradalmw'a h u The Dreamer, 7at, (Williams) .0 Betting.-2 to 1 agst Hortonso, 6 to 1 agst Bedouin, 0 to 1 agst Lady Lovell, and S to 1 agst Probation, , Albert Loddon was mischievous at tho post nnd i vvhon tho flag fell Julian Gray and Firebraoo were | quiekest in gottlng oil, with l.ndv Lovell, Golden Fleece, licdouiii, and Probation next. 'Murmur vi as left at the post, and Hortense got away' very badly, losing several lengths. At tho half*nillo point Fire- brace had a lead from Julian Gray, who in turu was followed by Bedouin, Probation, and St Michael, Entering the bond Firobraco was two lengths clear of Julian Gray, and these positions were maintained Into tho straight running, where Redonln was next thom, and Uortenso making up the ground silo had lost at tho start Lady Lovell aleo showed promi nently amongst tho leaders at this point Beforo they got to tho distance J mian Gray was beaten, aad Firebrace held a reduced lead. Lady Lovell, ho», ever, challenged and beat him as they got to tho top of tho lawn, and thon Hortenso, who liad been creep- ing gradually up, madu her clTort Tho ¡south Aus- tralian fitly, finishing as gallantly as she had donu in tho two other events for which sho has started In Melbourne, gained lu every stride, but sho got up just an Instant too lato, and Lady Lovell won by a I short neck, Bedouin being third two lengths and a half back, vvhllo Firobraco was fourth, Julian Gray fifth, Kplcuruati sixth, and The Dreamor last Time, 51s. THE CAULFIELD CUP, Of 1,500 sovs. 1,000 nova, to the first, SOO sovs. to tho second, and 200 sovs. to the third. One milo and a half. Mr. W. Strickland's b h Ben BoUV-by Newbold Lady Baldwin, ß yrs, 7st.01b (O'Brien) .. .. 1 Mr. R. J. Sadlier1» bl h Silvermine, 6 yrs, Sst (Itobcrtson) .2 Mr. M. Laughlln'a b g Britisher, aged, Est 21b, (Fallon).8 Mr. tí. Miller's br h Boolka, aged, Sst. 71b. (Olds).. 0 Mr, W. A. Sparkes'« br or bl h Zeno, 5 y re, 7st 101b., Including 71b. penalty (Ellis) .. ..0 Mr, s. G. Cook's ch o Remus, 4 yrs, 7st 81b, (Dal- ton) .'.0 Mr. T. Coffo.v'a br It fat John, 0 yrs, 7st 5lb. (W11» klnson). '.0 Mr. A. F. Smart's b o Burrllda, 4 yrs, 7st 31b., in- cluding 71b. penalty (Qough) .0 Mr. o. Baruett's br m Lesbia, aged, 7st 21b. (Red fearn) . 0 Ir. R. Orr*s b o Recall, 4 yrs, 7st lib. (Power) .. 0 Mr. L. C. Macdonald^ b ti Ibo.Levito, aged, 7st lib,(Campbell).' .. .. 0 Mr. L Foulsham us ch o Bonnie Doon, 4 yrs, 7st lib. (Stebblngs) ^.0 Mr. w. A. I'ilgato's oh m Tarpela, 5 yrs, Oit 13ib. Mr. J, whlttlngham's bh Mentmoro, Oyrs, Cat lllb. (Walker).0 Mr. J. G. Ruld's bg Millstream, Oyrs, Ost. 01b. (Gorry).'.0 Mr. W. Moran'« br g Jim Cain, 4 yrs, Ost. 01b, (Au win) .0 Sir W. J. Clarke's br c First Consul, 3 yrs, Oat 81b. (Bruce).*0 Mr. 0. U. Road's g o Islander, 4 yrs, OstOlb. (Tom- lin) .0 Betting.-í to 1 agst Silvermine, 7 to 1 agst Boolka and Britisher, S to 1 agst Bocall aud lien Bolt, 15 to 1 agst St John, 20 to lagst Lesbia and The Lévite, 25 i toi agst Mentmore, Millstream, and First Consul, U3 i to logst Jim Cain. t i As the horses mustorod at tho starting post Lesbia, Islauder, and Boolka bad tho host of the punitions on the Inside, whilo on tho outside the colours wero those of 'i'arpeia, Hie Lovite, Burrilda, Zeno, Jim ' Cain, and Hen Bolt lu tho centra fivo horses, Silver* ' mino, Britisher, ttecnll, Mouttuora, and First Consul, stood up In perfect line, and remained as closo and | motionless as cavalry on pirado until they got. tho ' signal to go. The Lovtto kicked about a good deal, rather playfully than otherwise, but Millstream , gavo great trouble. Either he remained doggedly ' behind tho field refusing to stir, or danced inward until tho fence blocked his further progress lu that direction. His little jockey flogged and threatened without effect, and was obligea to dismount twice in order that the horse might be led up in Uno with tho rest. Finally he was brought in between two of tho steady ones, and Mr. Watson, as ho walked his pony In front of tho Uno suddenly wheeled into a gap, and shouted for thom to go. Tho start was, perhaps, the finest ever seen at Caulfield. St. John jumped away with, perhaps, a length tho best of it, but, stumbled, and lout his advantage in au instant Millstream and Jim Cain being both hold at tho post natural tv lost a Uttlo ground, butj tho other 15 horses shot oil as one. Zeuo making over towards the rails from his outside pot.it.on was tho fln»t to break tho line, and at the horses strung out Islander. Boolka, and St John showed as au imdde group, w hilo further over In tho centre Zeuo, Britisher, and Ihe Levi to wera striding in closo company, fat John forged out again as ho had done at the start, and half way down tho straight ho hael a shuht lead and good position closo lu to the rails. "Boolka, Lesbia, and Zono wero in a group uoar to him, and Tho Levity, Brimmer, and Hen Bole wore all close up. As they went at a stashing pace past tho stand, Zeno, Ihe Lévite, Boolka, and St John wero running BO nearly In a Una that it was im- possible to givo any of thom tho slightest, prefere-noo, while next to them were First Consul and Bon Bolt, and in turn closo upon their heols tho palo bluo jacket of Tarpela. Just where tho course curves sharply up towards tho hill, Jim Cain in tho front division crossed his legs and fell. Bool Ka and Bonillo Doon, on his leis, wero not alice ted, but nil the others Bwerved out to get away from tho tallen horse, and lost ground. Boolka led up tho hill with Bonnie «Doon, Meutmure, and liritl-dier follow ing him closely, and Recall, Tho Levitt), and Lesbia heading the matu group. All along this stretch, and up towards the back thero was bvrel) a change nmongdt the Una Ilvo, except tlut Mentmore'» gold cap once appeared elo3e up to tho front At tlio hack Boolka was still clear of every- | thing, and lu the centre of ttio bend tho order of ttiu | horses immediately behind lum was Ltortnie Doon, Mentmore, He call, and ¡J ntl slier. AB they turned to run down the railway side Bonum Doon moved out, and took a slight lead from Boolka, who waa followed in order by iiritisiicr, lim Lovite, Mentmore, at. John, lïumus, ¡silvermine, I tecali, Lesbia, tirât Con- sul, Ben Bolt, Zeno, Milstream, Bnrnlila, and Inlander, with Tarpela last When they neared the sod wall Uonnle Doon resigned the lead to Britisher, who, as ho moved out, waselosolv followed bj fat John and The Levito, while Booka, s hermine, und K cea 11 all held good punitions. In the li rut curve of the bend ¡st Johu showed for a moment in advance of Britisher, but tlio green and while jacket waa in front again half- way down, wboro ¡ailve-ninnc, going well, was in tho front rani., and CtmplicH waa hard on The Lovite with lila vviiip. As the) wheeled into the straight- Britlt-hor, close on the railm, held a lead of half a len-tli, M. John luv big his no^e jiiat on the girths of tlie Ballarat horte, while ai vumuna was third a length further bael.-, and then caine Bonnie Doon, llce-atl, Lesbia, Hen Bolt, Ile) ii us, aud Zeuo. St. John- heio.appeared to have had just as much galloping as ho wanted, and ltoboie-oii. on the favourite was watching fallon closely, but neither jockey had yet stirrid on his, horse. At this point theio appeared to be hut two hot-he.« * 'ic race. Ben Bolt, ruuuitu about tixth, being ridden all round the bend, und O'ilrîeu took him out on the Urtu ground In the Uro of thecoursu and drove (um along harder than jr. Karl) In tho straight Robertson drew his whip to Silvermine for the tlr*t time, and the rider of Britisher promptly accepted tho challenge. The black horse gradually wore down tho ba>, and In tlio t:\citeimiiD of the struggle between them nearly even olio lost HIL-M of the persuveriug Ben Bolt, so sure]) gaining ground. At the top end of tho lawn O'Urieii gathered himself for a final elTort Amid gicat excitement the crimson and black jacket streamed down upon the leadeia, and with one of his remark- able rushes the rider of Ben Bolt snatched the ruco from Silvermine by a short neck, the* favourite in turn beating Uritishcr by a long neck. Recall was fourth, length further back, Lesbia fifth, St. John sixth, Mentmore, Millstream, and Tarpot*. Time, t'u). 41s. " ,-?> i- . « The follow ing is the list of previous winners of this i-vent:- ' , TUE CAULFIELD CUP WINNERS. 1S81 Master Avenel, uyrs »ÍSS2 Little Jack, 3 yrs .. 1833 Caima, 4 yrs. ÎSSlBiink Bonny, O)» :886.Qraco Darling, 05rs 18-CBcnBolt,5)ri King Cole-Cha. nulo .. ., Yattendon -Lon< don Pride St Albans-Medea 7 12 2 20. 1 8 11 2 41J S 2 42 2 40J S 7 10 2 40 7 0] 2 42 . Distance Increased to ono milo and a half. OPEN UAN'DICAr STBEPLECHASK, Of 260 sois., added to a sweepstakes of 6 «ovs. each ; second. 60 sovs. About tito and a half miles. Mr. J. L. Clough'« b g Contingent, by the Wizard, aged, U.L 121-. (Gardiner). 1 Mr..-. Miller's ggThe Irishman, 0 yrs, list 01b. (Watson) .2 Mr. 1!. oxenham. br a Havelock, aged, lost (Malone).3 lion. W. Pearson's b m Lady Ashton, aged, 12st 71b. (M-Leod).0 Mr. W. K, Power'« br g Blackthorn, aged, list 2lb. (Corrigan) . Mr. W. A. Filgate'« b lu Lady Carrington, oged, lost 101b. (Kano) .0 Mr. J E. Beeeton's br g Terang, aged, lOst. Sib. (King). Mr. J. Pile'« bra; Brown Eajle, aged, lOst 71b. (Flo)d) .. .. .. f. .0 Mr. J. U'Gradc's br g Moonlight, aged, lOst (Cupitt).0 Mr. M. Moran'« b g Victor, aged, Oat 81b., carried Ust lolb. (Roi«) . Mr. C. Filgate'« b g Our Boy, aged, Ost 71b. (Kilduf!)..I . Mr W. Neil'« b tr Sir Samuel, aged, Ost Tib. (M'Goivatl) . ¡letting.-4 to 1 agst Blackthorn and Havelock, 6 to 1 agst sir Samuel, 0 to 1 agst Lady Ashton and Irishman, and 8 to 1 agst Contingent The pace was fast from the start, Blackthorn and Sir Samuel leading over the first fenco of tho Btatid treble, followed hy Terang, The Irishman, Lady Carrington, and Havelock. As they approaohed tho log« Terang went to tho front, and was followed past the stand by Blackthorn, sir Samuel, and The Irish- man. There ware further changes a« they went up tho hill, and at the jump there, as at the llrst, Blaokthom and sir Samuol nore once moro alonado eaoh othor in tho lead, vvhllo the laut two wore Moonlight and Our Boy, tho latter airead) far behind. Beforo they got to tho bock Teran,: passed sir Samuel, Brown Kaglo and Lady Carrington bong next to them, foi Ianed ia turn by Blaokthom and Ladv Carrington, who «truck the fence sharplv, hut lost little ground. Down to the sod wall .orang led Sir Samuol, Brown Eagle, Blackthorn, I_uly Carruvjton, Lady Ashton, and Havelock In the order mimed. At tho rail fence In the bend Viator struck and fell. Ov cr the first o! tho treblo once moro Blackthorn and 'terang wera In front, all tho horses jumping rleverlv, though there were one or two hard raps on the palings l'ost the «taud Lady Carrington was In Iront, with Terang, Blackthorn, Contingent, Brown Eaglo, Lady Ashcon, and The Irishman, following in that order. S>r Samuel struck the logs, and caine donn hard, shoot in. M'Gowan, his ruler, over his head. Lady Carrington led the field ov cr the hill for the second time, Terang, Contingent, and Blackthorn being tho three In closest attendance. Lady Ashton na« beaton already, and had tallon back to the tail of the Held. At tho back Terang retued, but otherwiso the leading positions remained as befure. Contingent headed Lady Carrington In tho run don n to tho nail, but the Adotalda maro carno a.aln, and, with Contingent, cleared this jump a length in front of Blackthorn, whowas the same distance lu advance of Tho Irish- man. At the last fenco Lady Carrington struck so hard that, although koopiug on her legs, she was unablo to make any lurther effort, and Contingent gotto the straight several lengths In front of Black- thorn, who was unable to litakotbo leader gallop in tho run home. Contingent won ca>ily by ten lengths from The Irishman, who came pretty fast In tho Btraight, and beat Havelock by thrco length« tor second place. Blackthorn was fourth, Lady Carrington fifth, Moonlight sixth, Terang sevonth, Brown Eagle next, and Lady Ashton lost. Time, 6m. 28.«. THE WINDSOR HANDICAP. Of 150 sovs., added to a sweepstales of 3 sovs. each. Six Furlongs. Mr. J. Morrison'« bo Don Gioinn, by Don Giovanni -QulokBtep, Syr», Ost lill». (Johnston) .. 1 Mr. a. Miller-« oh h William Tell, li )r», Ost 61b. (Olds).2 Mr. 11. Oxenham's b g Toronto (late Atranto), U ) re, 7st. 21b. (Uorry).S Mr. J. Cripps'« bl Ii Duration, 0 yrs, 8st. 181b. (T. Bromi).0 Mr. J. G. Reid'« cb g Tho Ghost, aged, Sst 31b. (J. Williams) .0 Mr. S. Miller, bro Munwyrtlua, S yrs, 7s1101b. (M-Intosli) .0 Mr. S. Martin's eli c All Gold, 4 yr«,7st8t_., carried 7st 01b. (Hales) .0 Mr. S. Nathan'« oh m Straight Shot 6 yrs, 7st. 71b. (Williamson).0 Mr. R. Howie's br c Huron, 4 yrs, 7st 01b. (Power) 0 Mr. M. 1-. Whitty's ch f Vaseosa, 4 yrs, 7st 01b. (O. Urown) .. .. -*.0 Mr. G. M'Auley'a b h Ticlibourne, 0 yrs, 7st Gib. (Ettcrldgo) .0 Mr. M. Jacobs'« ch f Sedition, 4 yrs, Tat 61b. (Rcd fcaru) _ .. ...0 Mr. C. Krushka, b g 8t Albert, 0 )rs, 7«t, car- ried 7st. lib.(Nelson).0 Mr. L Foulsliaiu us b h Mrooco, 6 yre, "st. (Stab- bing«). .0 Mr. W. A. Filgate'« ch h The Baron, 6 yrs, Tot. (Fogg) . 0 Mr. M. M'Kcnzlo'e bl Mia Mia, 8 }r«,0st 121b. (Martin O'Brien) .0 Mr. J. Whittingham'« ch I Oclsta, 4 vre. Ost 111b. _ (Walker).. -.. .. .. .. .. .. 0 Mr. W. Y. Bryant'« b o Lord of tho Manor, Syr«, Ost 111b. (D. William«) .0 Mr. H. R. Korr's b o Donald, 3 yrs, Ost 01b., car-* ried Oat 111b. (Bruce).. .. 0 Mr. F. Long as di g Cc-etus, aged, Ost Mb. (Tomlin). .. .. 0 Mr. J. M'Grade's b g Muítang, 6 yrs, 6st 5lb. (J. Bence) . 0 Mr. It G. Talbot'« b li Blondín, 8 yrs, Ost. 41b. (W. MorrUon).0 Bottlug.-4 to 1 agst William Tell, r> to 1 agst Don Glovan, ti to 1 agst Toronto, 8 to 1 agst straight Shot, 10 to 1 agst All Gold. From a «traggling -tart Sedition got away perhaps 3 wella« an) thliw In the race Before they had gono any dlst-uoe Vaseosa was loading from Hurricane, but half way down to the mud wall theso two vvcro being closely lollowed by Lord of tho Manor and Wil- liam Tell. Lord ot tho Atanor was in front a« they passed tho BO. wall, and Mia Mia had moved up into second place, William Toll and Hurricane yet holding good positions. A« thoy entered on tho bend, Olds took William Toll out for a lead, and the chestnut showed the way around the turn, but Don Glovan, who had threaded through tho held, hero shuwccl sllgbtly in advance of him, the othor« prominent nt the hoad of the field being Mia Mia, Toronto,,ai]d Cestus. At the dlstanco Willi mi Tell had regained hi« lead, while Don Giotan, The Ghost, ami Toronto vvero all handy, lho lutter modo lils cITort, but failed to got with tho leaders. From the rails Don Glovan oliallcnged William 1 eil, and with a fast run boat him home by a tchgtb, the favourite finishing a length and a half In front of Toronto. The Uhost was fourth, Cestus fifth, Mustang sixth, and St. Albert last Timo, Im. 17«. 