[?] WB' - i ? . - a{j£v w-wVI-Am S[ill leeo . ,'^H ; --^Tfae,xritcWflUM^Bg&fc;facc so fair. -?I.'vatdt.^'fe^Hg^.UftaoTerdica .- '.' ? '^^ffSjKMH^feoybur hair. ; j^B '?' '-? . ;?:.I-Cft»o!^K^fflSjPHj»feFro'»ght,my woe, IM v. '-' Xhe £^Sfl5iHBtftI^n^'nL'atli their Lvov; jhT ,L|4tohyhtrqpri®B».o upon youriche c' ,?» £o -fairer tin] jpie gcncr^JBfnikSMB I-, - ;' - ? -- ??^r . n, ? - --?^aiaSSwWfcthe facellovcd ? ACAJRIn KJiM'i,tfe^'BqRaiPst myown, P^j^f ^a- k| i I . CS^l ^TT*^ 'V.-tii-Jr - I- and % rr^ZH »®V' - -/ ? *'x - Th-!aT^*Bis-S8 wj iy^jv^ h, '.iuve used tit sAqjg)- 'infy - ?VUfLfSreaicut AjESifci. » ; ? V' . ,'-^i§. a *^E^-iy£L3f -?hSt?--.- -j ''A papa a^TjgaSmw ;-*-'- .jnegay0 -. ? San nratfriscjl _yS»-£ .W^rT^Mrr. S 3 *.„ X^F/a*' ^Mir^ loan b . the ''-. j — j&ZXrA; nJznZ£i^yf- fernery. One could '--.-gJfcMh, y/^^L6nd Viola in the con ?7 the bright smte like the dietant ® '' ^Ifislijn of thnnder, on the night of the /etc. r ' ' ' -' met Onwde had assembled, hoping tor catch L ^Jea ono glimpse ol the brilliant figure* that I oof' ItetgedHrpm them. The honee was like a L - - s timiimol fiawea and lights. The brilliant I ''' ilSaiii Jure not crowded, bat they were well t ffiedwtth^guests. Never .was scene more f 'Saotifcll, more dazzlin& vtv. I '% - IjMsfltoI Scotland, in net em£ nd veil, with w '. - jP*ili«Ftrosary shining ini&r; black velvet - WT- .ffradtSae roridElirabeih.'mxloth ol gold, |- '' Mid ?? jewrijed crown ; . Katfglrio of Valols, ? '* Sjf&ir; of fsibe and stately of Eatherine of B .sJledicls/magnlfioent aid imperious ; Josn of B- f^tre; tail and fair ; MargneritlT with a wealth ? SJ-jt golden hair; Cleopatra, with the imperial K ^^ohe» -of an#mprsM. Onjfhoy ewept. that B imperialprooeesloh of womb'. Every raoch ? ih'cln bistoiyi every fignnmdet remarkable in B i j«t, toifijilion, in peeU/WvU there. Undine, K , looking as tbongh tb/rh&i; hut risen from the £ /* fonotsio; Beatri*«enci, Amy Bobsart, Di ► ~ ; Vcrnoalr* faillisW yet, in soma respects, a ' , J^^m pealuM; Italian brigands, Ffttich '?--- ehcTSners, Sptftsb grandees^'gipsies, Swiss r - rnCantdiaeeri,98ome of the gentlemen wore S tfaerichwiapd most pictaresane of dresses.' ' Tlif in^isligiiril Ccrar^s Inon ; the Blscl^ Prince i »Hettt fonr CkBls's. , One of the ntosrsnfiring llgtuwui wrocm was that 6f ji , a Khf*8MMitin tlv'cistiupgoe attire ( , Ailsmn»u- ftnd ne muk wu to be re L mfijid ritdHBSppw-tirgs, The disgnises were'fDtdjRK.ivell imstained. Zstdy West I'-; lsks. j*n-^Bbei-ted a Water.Iiflr, talked i ^ fwjf«Sfr yMSi-wiai Oswald Clyde, the i f »oA' WWOT^KBtoflg him, sltbongh be I I wa^f^^^Kw^or, andi she talked I f aftenvarddiMiBba Troobadoor she had met hf at' ^^rafKahg declared that the one 1^ 'ioriglm^l^nUs'wM-to meet biro again, I^L -T*^£|to5Qwror as ' Flora MscDonald, I -2?' . -andVMWriMbe most animated dgnrei in . 4he secne^Trotibftdbbrt, fairies, gipsies, all lOQIMJBldtbill' ? ' I* J -. ,Tb«4EnIgbt Templar wa » oonspiooooi I'f Mjong tbemon, and a wasksd figure ealJed I the SnowCpsen was eonspiswms among the l r jwomen, tall and dszriingly wbitefc A slender I fignrs, whicb wss the psrfeotion of girlUb I gS5»^ t«riect Snow Qosen, Her dress waa L„ vShntmvlrdi The snow wis w»«w»ted Hfc ; jS^SKtahdwbitest (d tbe swanVdMn, Ma 1 tbsroonded' white 'AStti tnthe ehnnidsrs. the graesfal nsek. Mt ? 'j ii|iji|mi|TBLk I r^r wbariooked like proooonesd on.all sides . tMistUnl fi&M; *u- «tlW /^^^Ms^tPlmsbks 'cri 'loU t dUoonds formed ^^KoliiotprsMnt a - brown of stars graced. a ^^Htaaotltah qm^ly hMd,' Dawri wss elswdy ^^^Kudnd^and woret iMr dlstraiss.wril. Tbs ^^?BSMflw^.lAayrOaroemalee, Dawn -TJbe.oniy person who seemed to recognize If y Casllfmaine was Lady *JIefitherp. _- 1; I should know yon,' . ebe whispered, where others wonld fail ; yon are teller than -lost of the ladies present, and I should know. In anywhere by the carriage of yonr head, /shall not betray yon,' she added, ' though' lam going to take advantage of the masks fad speak my mind to several people to. Right.!' ' I ' That will not be an nnuBoal luxury lor won,' to tho.langhing reply. S ' It will be in the fashion. 1 shall do it to, jhigbt,' she answered. ' I think the' chief fceanty of a masquerade is that for once opa. fmay Eay Just what one likes.' 1 . No one seemed to recognise lady Castle, mains. As. the hours passed the scene grew moro brilliant; the lights seemed to grow brighter. The scenes were like fairy-land; an artist who could have sketched some o t - those groups, would have I made' his fortune hrihfcbeauty of his .paintings: lf«l ? awss one group that .drew much at. rtaJjteJ^Undine.in her white' dress and white Tfcfasfifla cnntrasting-with Msry Stuart, in KBBvabeljStemjJfhnTVehetian noble in I hfJbrb' obitnme .of, crimson velvet and / were oqlyibgetherif or a Jew minutes, . f ! I hnwpictore coald'hava been more beantif ui fj/'Sef dsnceTB danced tcgither, as the. differ r.-i'§B*oupa fopnied'iandi relormed,' -it seemed ^Jpfaapi all the different' colors of the rain 3p|amet,'ahd broke dp, and broke away into W^tBousaud gleaming lights and' shades ; where The radiantjlnow Qoepj stood, or danced, or 'Bat, she eecmed ib'makh the light brighter. TimTTnight Templar walked about restlessly ; ?.hajisd hot' yet 'menefrate'd the seerets of .'the diffasht diBguiEeB.; JHia 'attention had ijieen drawn fpriome ti'me'to the Show Queen ; A-r AaJMmagined that it must baliady Castle urMuek^she war - toll, - and had - such a jwuK#riy proud carriage of her head. 1 -'-^C iVeihiled as he thought to himself that it Aafdly wonderful that he should- not ihpP^-fber when her'fa'oe was Ridden, -for aU rthe tim; e ke had pa6B/d With,' h6r'.-%ad been r ^a-l?at'hing the p«ieo'tibn. pi that face. _. were Lady Oastlwhainef. he resolved ^cpon beguiling her into 'a long conversation: with him. He would perauada her ta go into, tho oonservatory, where the ^flowers' breathed such rich perfume'^ er into the oool, green fernery, where- the 1 moonlight waa'; brighter than the faint glow of tho lamps, and he would Bee if the future held shy hope for him. I ^ .. He seemed to have con is to his sepsea with ' a sudden shook. It was characteristic of him that the first great, real love of his life should be for the wrong person. He never thought of checking or controlling his lovo because Lady Castlemaine was married. Marriage, the sanctity of married lito^tbe holiness of ! the marriage tie had never formed tho slightest ! barrier between him and hiB desire. -He Thardly gave it a thought. It was the first, time in his life that he had fallen deeply, passionately in love, all his other pnrsuits had boon fanoies— the foolish pursuit of pretty faces ; this was a very different matter. The pride and the ooldness of Lady CaeUemalne only deepened his love. .''??j' i. ? If she would have flirted with hiiri, have en-' , ctmtaged lrim, have given him smiles'.in re- . twrn for his profuse compliments, aff. would have been well, but she was 'a goddess in thp blonds.' She liked talking to him,- she' con^ sidered him a great hero, she enjoyed bis storie3 and his anecdotes, she. thought him. one of the most distinguished of men, but she never deigned even to listen' to eompliments, - implied flattery, op. implied love-making, it was that that mads the pursuit of her all the' ' more piquant to him; . The man who had broken so many hearts, .who had rained ko m any homes, who had blighted'so many'lives, the mdn who had for gotten that the true test of a soldier is not only his. bravery- in the battle-field, but his reverenoe' fqr women— this man had fallen in I love at lost, and, as a matter of oonrsewitha -man like himself, bad fallen in love with one Jtfhom he conld never marry. . , ' OHAPIEB XXVIIL ' ? : ' EIOTDEZS FBOa THE UASQUEMOE.' . Picture thejirit, in a group of tall, slender palmdin thq background, nestling at their feet a group pf rich Indian blossoms, scarlet in colonr, stiaped like a bell, fragTant with rich odours, that belong to. flowers ol the East. A gronp of tall white orchids on one side, a magnificent mass o! stephanotis on the other, between a prettily covered iron seat. . On it sit the beantifal figure already known through the room as Lawn, in the charm ing blush of pale rose -and gold, and a -tall, aristocratic figure in the dreta of a Venetian nobleman. @ Lord Castlemiline not only had no taste for flirtation, but Jfe despised it ; he consideredit, \- and had the frankness to say so, always the refnge of p weak mind. . ' when a woman has few charms of mind,' Lord Castlemaine was accustomed to observe ' — ' when she lacks intelligence, wi t, and poetry, she takes to flirtation, beoanee she can do no better. When a man lacks brightness and in tel. lect, he does tho same.' . . _ ' Flirtation was a fault of which be had never been guilty, and for which he had little toler ation.. ? . There was no trace of it in his manner now, ss he leaned over the eeat, ' talking earnestly to Dawn. A faint light reaped them, and it came filtered through tho whito orchids; sweet sounds reached them; the '^woetbeart Waltz ' was being played In the ball-room, and from tho fernery came the sound of the rippling water as it fell from the rocky stones to tho moss-grcen below, t ' I cannot imagine who yon are,' ho said, ' that yon can ssy such a thing to ms, above all other men.'! 'Have yon no Idea who I am?' aakea a low volco, the sweetness ol whieh iwas dls goised by a faint whisper.. « Not the leaBt, but I sboold say from yoor observation to mo that you cannot know much of me, and that you know still less about my affairs.',- - - „ ' So'-yon Imagine,' said rbeauliful Dawn, « is there nothing familiar either In my faoe or figure 7' ' ' fle looked ct her enriously. - ' The light Is so faint,' ha said, 'and yop apeak In a wbUper,. No, I havo not the Ieaat idea who you arc,' ..V'- 'lam surprised,' she said ; ' yot I bave lived- in the world Jong enough not » be. eurprised at anything. Do you tbfak any dja-. BuJsa would prevent you Iron? knowlng^youi-, 0,'No, none,' be replied. But then, yoaeoe,-, she h toy wile. Tb»t juet makoa the differ. ^And / ought to havo .hosn,'', ibonght beautiful Dawn to bsraeif, » L and no otbar,' 'It von' do not know me,' he earn, it w»e \- a atartling remark to make | 'If yon do not know ma, tbs remdrk la even more strange,' 'lam not quite aure,' ebo eald, 'HI re memb»lrh(Hn-y remark ww,' . 1' ffo much the better,' be anewered. I'll ihowe. at lewt, there ww no meaning in II.' 7'. WW von mind teiiing me what it WW?' '^'Vo^wldtbai I ww bopplly mwri^-jril I bad no| married lb« ono woman In the world wbo loved mo beet.' ... gbedrewa bcantlfol bongh of Iba White orobfde to bereell and bent bar faeo oyer '£» rnUi-^l m~ anra thatorcblde mnet bare grown in Iba gw» ^NwrrmJnd Iba orebldl,' ba aMd, drav. lag Iba wbitabloobj from bar, Wbat did yon maaar' ? ? ? PGive me yonr hand,' she said. 'Nay, draw off yons golden, broidered glove, or it will be ot little nse to me.' , . . He did so, and placed before .her a strong, supplo white hand — the clean, honest hand of an upright man.; She touohed it. with hers. 'Let me Bee it moro plainly,' she said, parting with the other hand the branohes of the orehids. ' ' . - . ' - She looked at - it long and steadily. .The sweet, sadmnsialof the ' Sweethekrt. Waltz' came from the ballroom, and - tho' ripple of water from the fernery; there were hp other sounds. - It seemed to her that be most hear the quick beating of her heart. She had never held his hand in her own so. long before. ~~ While shekeld it, she repeated the vow that she had -whispered to the white lilacs. Then suddenly she let it fall. \- -? j am a fortune-teller, after A fashion,' she said, ' a fsshioh that 'holds good in the Moorish camp, and among the gipsies of Spain.' ?'* ' She cannot possibly be a Spaniard— she Bpeaks English too well'' he thought. 'And what has that 'to do with my for hice7' he asked. - ?' She looked at him thoughtfully. . ' Tout fortune' has interested me. I know, yon, although you do' not recognize mo, and ' what I read In yonr-fac'o I have read now in.' yonr hand.' My ideas'aie confirmed.' - ' From tho white orchid and the stephanotis came a great gust of perfume ;~ the ripple ol the water, was sweeter and stronger 'And yonr ideas are ? ' - . ' Jnst what I said, 'she interrupted. ' First that you did not .marry the one woman iiishe' world who loved yoa beat ; and how in soar 'hand I read all. It is better not to speak about it.' ; 'I should like to know,' he persisted. . ? ' ' 'Well if the'old Moorish tcatming be right, it' is not good fortune that lies in that strong white hand of youra.' ' HeBmiled. 'What fortune. does lie there?' he asked. 'Tell me,' V ' ... ' A sqd. one,' abe replied ;' 11 There is a sndden and: violent termination to the line -of i love. anSthere are aomo' terribielinea of pain J' 'What do yon doduee from that?' he bsked.t ? .' NqtlnDg?-' Bhe replied; it is for you to draw what deductions you will.' I'.I draw none,' he replied ; ' I have firm', 'faith.' - _ '- ' His heart beat and his face flushed as it al-. ways did when he - thought of his beautiful Gertrude, whom he should love unto death. ' Ton. will remember my words some day,', hIia ra?H —'I hope it will he only to Iangh at them,' , he replied. ; - - _ . , . ? ! Justthen the music ceased, and several people oame into the conservatory. Dawn' suddenly robe and Bhook her long shirts ol palo pink and flecks of gold, and before he, conlu say 'more, she had vanished from - among the Blender green palms -and left him ' there. } Picture the second.— The pale crescent moon is rising' in dark ahy,' and ita light penetrates into the cool green fernery, where the lamps, . like pale golden stars, are hall hidden by the. .gredn leaves, where the ferns grow strong and moist, and the rippling water falls -from the stones' to- the' soft springing moss. A sub dued light, as of palo gold, lingers there. In the midst ot the rook-work there stands a tall fountain, the spray of which rises high in the air, the mnsia of which, as the spray falls into the marble basin, -is soft and sweet to the ear. By the fountain stand some elegant -bamboo ohairB, easy and luxurious as chairs' eas be. \- In one of them sits the white and radiant Snow Queen. Bhe looked bright and attrac tive enough in the ball-room; but here,. in the soft light, among the tall feathery, ferns and.the ripple ol miming water, she looks dazzling, the one centre of white and light in that ocean of green. She lies baek thoughtfully, in her ohair ; the snowy robes form graceful billows around her and sweep the ground ;1 tho light falls on the diamond stars, and. trembles in the dia mond icicles her lovely face is pale ; aho has removed her glove, and laid her hand in the dimpling, reBtless water of the fountain. A shadow falls over the green ferns and.the water, and the tall figure of . the Knight Templar draws near. He elands for a few minutes in silent contemplation of what seems to him the most charming picture he has ever beheld 'Eve in the Garden of Eden was never one half so fair,' he said to himself. Then he went hp to the bright; white figure. ? '.The Queen of Snow,' he said, with a pro found bow. '.Would that I were a Knight of the Frost end the Ice.' ' You look much better as yon are,' replied a laughing voioe. . ^ \- ' Supposing,' he Baid, that yon had some very fragrant roses, and you tried to hide them between green leaves,, so that no one could discover them, the pertume woufu be sure to Steal through the leaves and betray the roses.' . ' Quite sure ? ' was the laughing reply. 'If a bright, golden star was shining, yon conld not. Unless yon dosed yonr eyes, help seeing it?' '? Oertainly not,' was the answer. ' If the sweetest music was stealing softly ronnd, yon conld not help hearing while yonr ears were Open* and yonr senses, alive* So, so,' he continued,. passionately, 'you may' hide tho fair loveliness of your face, you may disguise the tone of yonr voice, but I should know you among ten thousand. Yon are Lady Castlemaine, aqd yon have rightly eallcd'yonr self the Snow Queen.' . ' -' Jnst as yon have called yourself a Knight Templar; yon ate Colonel Lennox.' , ' ' You make rne the proudest m&n; in the world,' he said. \- 'I have not given yon mnob reason for sud denly occnt-yingwuoh a very exalted position,' she said. * '' Yon arc always satirical to me,' he said. ' And'yhn will persist in being sentimental with me,' she replied. - ?- 'You aid, cruel to me,' bo eald.. 'The' flowera (bat lie tin yonr heart aro happy be: .cause yon jireathe on tbem ! tbey. love the freeb, sweet wat&r; dimpling round your. fin- gere; they mqgtfee happy because yon qaress thpm, wtfic I, who. wonld give my life for a enrils, ore k|na (ford, can never win .either.' * $ba rose from her scat, a dazzling White flgnrif/lalli Basgbty. and erect. ' , . .T'r-I am Ladj Cietlomalno,' sbo said, ' and yob orsColcnsl'Lonnox, but I am ballin l0UoW to.1orbid.you ever to cntor my.prcsanoc Again-.!1 - - 1 ' ' Why.1'.he oiled, despairingly.- . ' . . ' '-Beoduio I'do no -not like those. labored .qomplfuenia of yours. J doellno to be .com 'paroa to rosea, nr muilo, or stars.' ; ' I will never do it again ,' he eaid : ' never.' ' Yon promise mo most faithfully f' she ukod* * ' I promise, on my word,' bo replied. ' Then yon-can sit down hero, and wo will go on talking.' . - . And with a carolers grace she resumed her Beat. ': PUtton tin Third*— In Iho groat drawing room ot jrbite and gold Lady Heathers, as Flora MacDanald, alta leaning languidly on f dark vein! choir, She was talking most con fidcntlaliy to a bandiomo roan who, woro the droMotSlr Walter flalslgli. . - , ' ' Yes,' she was ssying, ' I, b»va eirioyed Iho first port of the swung bettor than I shall Iboaeeond. WaawWunrooek at supper, then, so far as I am noncerned all the pleasant oltbc night is over, I have enjoyed some ^'ftoalwaya8s*trael plenty ol amueement from everybody,' iaid her companion, ' Uhat J|a one happy faculty I envy /on, . - l t - 'I have been tailing to (he pott, and .ho AldnolksowtM, IhMthcplcuanolabHlng iiw- . «, v. «-»?* bis poems) bis themes, and his ideas to bta face, which, yon will admit was a treat tea rag.' 11 I ean.well imagine th&t; it wm so/* ho aa ^^a'-wiu'nevfir snspeot. Poor Oswald! We.are very good'friends to all' ontward ap ' pearances ; but I have often longed to give him a bit of my mifid, and now he has had it.' ' And Lady Heathers began to discuss the characters of the evening. ' I have found out the Knight Templar,' she said. ' That handBomo, bravo, graceless Colonel Lennox. - How the poet hates him !' ' ' He is sure to do so. The inan who wrote ? ' Xhe'Lovea of the Liliea' would never toler ate a man of the Colonel'a stamp.' Then Sir Walter Raleigh bent his head, and whispered to her. j Lady Heathers listened with a sorrowfnl ex pression ol face. ' No,' she replied, ?' I had not heard.' 'Not a whisper ?' asked her companion. ' ' No not even a whisper,' said Lady Heathers, 'and I am with her every day.' ' Have you seen him with her 7' ho asked. ' Yes, continually.. I have -been at Neath House once with him.' 'And you saw. nothing ?!' . ' Less than nothing^ .-Lady Castlemaine i3 too pioud and 'too cold. She will never be «C81ked about.'' ' ' But Bhe tj- talked about. Lord Merton ?told me.' ? ' ? ' I do not'believe a. word about it. Bemem ber,' she i added, -'-'raising, one white finger warningly to him, -' no ecandal about Queen Elisabeth.' ? He laughed, and moved away. - . .. Picture the fourth , and the Int. — Beantifnl Dawn, standing in her room alone, still flushed with triumph. ' He did not know me,' she was saying' to herself. I- oame from nnder tho same roof. Trno I did not go there in tho same carriage. I have pierced his heart, and he will never suspect mo. I am- nearer— to the end.' .. ' CHAPTER XXVI. IHE wife's, teub ouaediae. Lord Castlemaine was just a little puzzled ; not suspioious, but puzzled. He had nothing to be suspioious over. He waa in the readiDg room of his club. his f ace and head hidden by a copy of. the Timer, on which he was intent. Two members of the elub,- both well known to him, came in' and sat . Sown close to him, without perceiving him.- Thoy had evidently been deeply engrossed in conversation, and thev eontinnedit now. ' There iB nothing in it,' said one to the .other. 'I know' her well. I am cure there there is nothing in it.' ' It is seldom yon find smoke without fire,' said the other. .' ?'I do not know. I feel sure this ia all \- smoke. How many Euch rumors are born :and die'in a day.' This was spoken by Sir Harvoy Hope, who always took a bright and hopeful view of things.-' Colonel Charters, who answered him, waa a' man. who took a dark view of everything. . 'True,' ho replied, 'hnt I think there is generally some oanse for them. I am -sorry in this case, for I have a sincere liking for'tho lady, and the husband too,' - ,' ' ' I do ; not belieYtr it,' . said Sir Harvey Hope. 'I know them both, hnsband and wile, rod I do hot think thero is a happier pair inLondon.' ' I most admit the 'same thing,' said the dark-minded colonel ; ' whenever I have seen .then? together they have seemed moBt united, most devoted to each other. - I was nttexly astonished.' . *?--? 'But what did you hear,' aeked Sir Harvey, ' only foolish rnmonrs ?' ' I heard the same old story — that he had gone mad over her.' ' That is not her fault,' interposed Sir Harvey. ' She oannot ba blamed for that.' ' Certainly not ; but knowing the character ol the man, she should not give him the .lightest encouragement. When he was in England; before, there waa always some scandal or other about him.' ? ' That is not her fault either,' interrupted Sir Harvey. , . 'True; but it should make her careful,' said the colonel. ' Probably, being yotmg-and nnaeoustomed to the world, she knows nothing whatever of the evil side of his reputation, and only knows him as one of the bravest officers in Eng. land.' . ' Then' her husband should look after her,' grumbled the colonel. ' I have no patience with the men of to-day; they sit by. in silent inactivity, while . their, wives go straight to ruin. 'I oannot tell what they are made of.' 'This is ratner a sweeping assertion,' said Lord Castlemaine, laying down his paper, . and looking both gentlemen in the face. They could not have been more horrified if they had suddenly ocen a ghost. Sir Harvey's ruddy face suddenly turned pale, and Colonel Charters, in his ' agitation, almost dropped his cigar ; hut Lord- Castlemaine waa serenely unconscious; he had hot. the most remote idea the conversation had been about him; ho. would not have believed it if aithef ol them' had sworn it. ' That is a sweeping assertion, Charters, be said again ; ' and, do yon think, quite do served?',' ' ' I am sorry to say I believe it to be pdf« footiy tine. I am amazed at the indifferent, callous fashion in which husbands see young and beantifal wives laanabod on the very sea of -fashion, dissipation,' and excitement, and .make no effort whatever to help keep them safo. . I' say that it amazes mo, A hnsband shonld be the gusVdian ot his wife.' -Bin Harvoy Hope laughed; but his life was not a bright one. - - - ' '-I- jo not- thipk many wives wonld like l lhat notion,' he said. , Lord Castlemaine remarked : \- ' I am proud ol the ropotation the Castle maines havo always enjoyed, ot being good husbjroda.' The two gentlemen looked at each other. Their eyes met, but they spoke no word. . 'It wonld bo indiscreet, he continued, ' to ask of whom you wero speaking?' \- Sir Harvey admitted that it would, ThO Colonel- was eilent. I could not help overho&ilngilbe; conversa tion,' bo said, ' and it ia no matter ot mine —no binincu whatever ol mine: bat it I understand you rightly, rumour Is bosy with tho namo ot some young and beautiful young lady.' ? ... . ? . Tho two friends looked at eaoh ' other strangely. 'That Is II,' replied Sir Harvey. ' That uma man describes hlmsall U going mad about her, while she Is a married woman?' ' True,' nodded the colonel. Ha wished himself far away, and evidently thought the less aald tho bettor. ?? It she 1* married, she has a husband to to UWoiearo of her. I suppose, and to' keep all snob men at a distapoe, Mid Lord OaiUt malna. Bath gentleman nodded, but did not answer. The situation, to say the least ot it, waa piquant and peculiar, . ; 'I should very qntokly .deolds ' what todo in his oass, be be whom he may,' continued Lord Oastloraainc. 'Ube has darad to speak in that way of any married lady, 1st her nor band tabs op her dafenw. There la no hood to whisper it in. corners, Let her husband And a whip with a strong lash j then 1st him seek out the cnwsrd who has K'tpokgn ofbiswifs andUsbblm In pubUo. Ooq or two sueh essmples would mm sueh (coua- droii n( trying to make lovt to other men's wives,'' . , ? a'« ' _.r*r~Z.Z.A s Again the two gentlemen looked helplessly'' one at the other. ? ? 'That is the right thing to do,' added Lord Castlemaine. ' To quarrel with suoh a man is to encourage him ; to fight with him would he to dignify him. The right thing is to horsewhip him.' ' ' How can you horsewhip a gentleman?' asked the colonel, helplessly. ? 'A gentleman 1'- repeated Lord Castle maine, with infinite scorn. 'We are -root speaking of gentlemen; we are speaking of cowards and traitors, who have no respect for women, and no respect for the honoor of their fellow-men. We do not call suoh persons ' gentlemen.' X wonld brand snoh men, I bey' Iieve and Lord Castlemaine'a face ehonp with a noble light as he spoke. : ' I believe in the sanctity of-marriago 'and in thehononrof women.' . 'A noble fellow,' thooght the oolonel; ' but wliat a situation I ' ' Curious things will happen, he said, alond. ' The world ia pretty much what it has always been. The sins ot Adam andEve, of Cain and Abel, of David and Solomon', are onr sins.' * ? ' We may an be sinners,' said Lord Castle- J maine, ' that' lies between ps.and oar QpfiV we may all be at the eame time- loyal and honest men, that lies between ns'and onr fel low creatures.' - l. ^ Colonel Charters. rose' from his seat and yawned as polifely 4a' possible.' Sir Harvoy imitated him ns' quickly. Lord Castlemaine wondered why their . Interest in the subjeot died so soon, and^hy thoy- seemed in- snoh a hurry to leave. 1 ' I am going your way,' said Sir Harvey to the colonel ; ' Bhall we.RO together ? ' . . The two. gentlemen 'left the club together, arm in arm.. ?? '? .- ??-Of all thO- strange things,' said Sir Harvey, solemnly, '-' That is the strangest. To think that we shonld hBye gonb into the very room where he was; hnve taken seats near him, yet not have no' i^ad it was; he.' '.And to tlfinE that within sound of his own ears wo' Bhould -have discussed his wile and' Oolonel Lennox.'' . ' ' He has not the faintest ideojjt whom ' we . were speaking,' Baid Sir Harvey^^ 'Not in theleaat,' replied' the oolonel. 'If wonld not have been a pleasant hpnr for as il; he had done so, and it wonld have beenharder still for Lennox.' ' ' ' V Yes,' said Sir Harvey, with a grim sinilol ' even his viotories in Znlnland, the Tie-* toria croaa, and All the honours he has re ceived wonld not have saved him from'. that. \- terrible whip.' .- ' (To be eentinued.) 