MATTIE'S WISH, liATTir EVERoE'r was oU of thlo prettiest girls in Now York. Shelo new olloe was pretty whlen lho lookeld in the glass-she saw tile relecotlon of her rose-bud beauty in the admoring faces of chtanco tpasoer. Aod yet, withal, Mattio Everett was not conteatedt. Shelo wanted to te rich. She yearned fora peep into " fashionable society." She wos tired of the commonplace existence which she led overy day, nnd longed for an advontureo of some nort \--a stecak of romance to dapple iher 11s I For Mottle waso only a drressmaker's opprentic, laorn ilg thie trade under the auopices of iMadame Genevlovo. So matters ntootd, when lMis Bellefont'o weddintg-order canoalin. "W'loere's that little blue-eyed girl you sent to my house to alter my white caslmero nlornilng robe ? " said leoss Dollefont to lMadanto Geoevioeo. c I ct her corme ngin., Shloe has a capital ildea oo of triniog, nud her lit is excellent." Augusta Dollefont woas not unlike lMattio hereolf--a pilumpl, frersh-complexiloned girl, with bloue eyeo and pale yellow lhair--and lafter eho was gone, lMattlo hoardl the full particulars of tile casoe-ihow Illss Belloefolt was to be married tohe next month to Major Carlyle, who rhad moru moleoy than he okneow what to do cwith. " She's a lovely girl, I'm sure," smld Mien tarnett, tihe forewoman, as shlo cut off yard upon yard of binos white lnatin for tie trinmming. "Andt for iall thatn they any there's a young follow, without a penny in thle world to bless himself witlr, tihat hio loves to distraction. " Oh, how delighfully romantol," cried Mattl?e, wit aparkling eyes; and nlo worked vaway, thinking of 1Miss Bellofont nod lor two lovers. " Our hIts her heart," sRiloe mused, " tie other will have her rhand ! Dear, dear wlcat a world tll is I " cTwo or three days afterwards, lIattle Everett tooek a big paper box of halfoompllelted dressrbodiees to the pretty little brown-stone house on Creusn-park, clwheoro lMiss llellcfot lived. lThie servant showed hoer lto the library, where the bneauty nat, picturesquoly poned in a leepy thollow cliair, with iher ratin-olilppored feet o0 econ broldered footstool. And lenning oginsot thie opposlte wiolow stood a taIll, luindorec mat, whlom lnilattio recognised at olce for Iajonr Carlyle. " Ialoli I " cried tle, ill his of-ilooaod way, "is that the nmillincer'o littloe girl ? Protty as a dialty, in't sho i" " I told yon u o was pretty," onid Miss Bell'lfont; anld Mattl stlled hotid blushed andt dimpled, nld la cnrcely IoeOw which way to look. " IMajor, I sloll have to leaveo you for a foew nminutto. I dare say yoll can amuse your clf very well ey e with the books and mgazins. Little olOe, come wicth nrc." And then Mattio was hollered inti o a seatin- lung booudoir, of whose splleldours aol had never before dreamed, " Oh, lis Uollefonlot," said slhe, " I olhoulo thlukt you woe ld nt o happy o " " nllppy ! " vaid llisa llcllefolt, carelesoslv. " WhichI of ul is rtcllv irpy it tioso wOorhiil? Conoir', tep try oil thie eloeraid-gvoreer natio, aod tIhCn we shaldl bto tIIhreooIh.' I)ay after day Mallle Everellt c:ne, untlI the weddlc ing tdrew ile.'c Soniethioes she s0aw 'Malor Carlyle, rceilo thiee ele did lot. But the oftener she came, the oftener one fixed fact became evolved from her inner ccnseioouPne 0, that Augusta Ielleeout wO,- or ought to be --the Ilalicet ghirl in thie worll. Ytt tIhre wa:: an aehent lookl in Augusta'e great, blue C.vs, a troubled eXi.presionie of tile mouth that forbade the it:rfelencie of peret I)c lihs "I woeeder nwhat it is thalt is waniting in her life? " :id l lattic to lherelf. " O, if only I ns in iher place! " LIil.hts and hlo mie , anti d the clhintnier of ,lii: inld catiii tLhered in Mits I lilelfoeint' weddiog vening; and lilttlic iwas there, dimplel., caililng, and eager to help. The bri.!ie'mdi werle ready--nall was ready lut the bridie. Aegtejta Ilelllcnt hal becll otrangelyly capricious, in I full of vilgarics all dy)', joleItimecs aIuoghilg, LoIte onleE~ aiiiieit i ii. ' eyll' i;le coiel, glancing at tile little mralalchite clock il tile ImtL], thl l asit lml lolilloci c!nce. " Surely, it ir not time yet. I won't ltres until I nam obliged. See here, little cine," to lMaltie, " I've an idea of tet:illg whalt I ain like ici tis fline bridal garb of miie. You arce tahout y height land buil:1. ou dlall iput oil tlhe weddingiidreisl and veil, the white satin cliplerro, and tile wre.at h , I , lics AISguta i? " " You. Why not ? (uiek ! Off with that cober brown ging??llll tLat taoen?t Buch cll insignificant broWe uparrow of roll!' 'end half-llaughig, ihalf -reluctanut, Miettie Everett obeedl, inot nlogetlecr averrso to deckling mherelf, evei tiiiiigi it was in jct, wlith te brillinmt robes and rec cplelhl it.n t pelll ic of the lheiress. '1rhe re :ctioll ill tile iiirror brought tile rosy ecarnitne to i:cr clieek. Involunta'rily tlie drileped hlier eyes. "i Y eu iri charmiiig, mae Ctite," crietld Mis Ilolle font. " ut otay, tile bollluiet from thile other rooin. Wait half ii second, and I will briig it," " iOh c! hliu ellefonlt, let iiie to." " N,." Atld oaway nie Ilitted. ClOe mniute wenit by-- two, three, four, and five, and still Miia Bellefont diid cot cmule backl. llattic began to girow unueasy, intl ve'etutred to iipeop it the reooli hleondl. 0No one wan there. 'loThe gir't hearlct ogave a greant jump, at the snamno imonetii the bevy of briden ltilio flutteredl into tile roonll 'r?onte, AIgusita, are you ready ? T'he groom ic wait ing--the clergyman's oloc, indl-- Why lilas Everett! " Maltte ic grew sncarlct. /iShe lmade put it on " chei faltered, conncious of the aweiwardnessof her nosition. " Anld where is slhe ?" demanded indignant lMrse, elle. font. " Gone for tile bourluet." 'lThey mlade immedliate ocarchl for lher, but, as tile render will probably coni:ceture, hlilis Auguslta was fanr enough away, andi only a n ote, whlichl Clara MIordaunt, the acconl bridesmhaei, found slippet d into tile winldow casing, gayea ano' idea of hlier IIwhei'abou(s. " Goodl-by," it atid, deboilanirly. "I love larry Filtoie, andl I have gone to marry him. Al.." And ill tile midst of thle iecie, 1lajor Carlyle's tall head wac s seeno, towering over tihe rest, like Saul above his fellows. " Geon, is Alio?' isaid he, wtih a composure which wies quite woniderful inlder the circmnlstinlices. tlnd I nll left to wear the Initten l But iwho in this little ghost in the wceddling- robe i" tlateic Everett lifted lher pleading eyes to his. " .I idi't irmean to do wrong," said shol. ", O, believe moe, sit I knew niCtlling of nall this !" Mlajor Carlyle lhokedl gr'navely at hler. " IHere is a bride," naid he. " And hero is thi wedding frest, time olcrgytmn, and thie iguests--andl, last of all, tle groom ! So I think it would bo a pity to lose tihe wceddieg. If Miss Bellefont does not care for nlme, tihat is no sign that others iay not. Colllmo lIlel, little Malttio Everett--will /out be tihe bride ?" lattio looked in his face a mlnutleo, and then o)lo naid, T ]en." It was a strange wedding, but it was a wedding, aftor nil l Antd liattie is tlappier now than she ever dreamed it possible to be. Silo has gained hlier wish--stle is a rilch and fashion. able lcady Iooc, and orders all hier drauscs frot Madament Genevieve. PIr. and Mrs. Iifr ie are living ill Paris, lhappy and impecunious--- ned Maiijor Carlyle is just as devoted to lis pretty young wife nas if hie had never ihad any other love! 