Bran^metfe, jihorot" ritri,bxe," "Mot.tr Bawn," » Mica, " vohib," tea, CHAPTER XV, mfititli wow what octmo into Ms hoa<l,V [ll It Is only Mrs. Billy horsolf who meets thoir jt Mrs. Billy, gowned In a charming cos\x=req-\ tvhlto sorgo, and nocotnpnniad by Dick, Her 3 Is wreathed In smiles, nnd oho aocosts Mnr\x=req-\ ■nlte ii nwllnnt faflltlon. [etc, Mog, 1'vo got ft roftl good thing to »' [li slio stops short, nnd tho good thing is lost She stnrei onqulrlngly ivt Tommy, who Is returning tho attention, having hie round jd immovably upon her, At last Mrs. Billy Sho smiles brondly. j'don't help mo Mog," sho says with a little K" Tho situation I linvo no doubt is full'of in\x=req-\ lit aj yot I am mthor in tho dark, Is this," Iccond swift glanoo at Paulyn,. "another of pnsjmon?" squestion, uttored In tho airiest manner pos\x=req-\ lr. Bellow—who up to this has maintained a gorged with dynamite—breaks into a short laugh I It ends almost ns it began, and |take3 tho sllghtost notice of it except Margery, i upon him a glanoo fraught with many mean pinly not," sho says, in answer to the question, ply Tommy, Tommy Paulyn you know." yes, certainly," says Mrs, Billy, beaming Ee Hon, Tommy, and holding out to him a I hand. 11 When did you come, eh ? 1 seom to ten you for oonturies, the girls talk so muoh [girls" look scornful—Tommy grins. would, you know-—" hq says, giving his Elara conceited pull, "They are so,fond of •,«yl laughs. > ' ' \ it ttne Angolloa?" persists Mr. Paulyn, un\x=req-\ [by the dark looks cast upon him by that sedate "Don't you love tne?" |e 1 said ao, Tommy ?" asks she, in her quaint, pketlsh fashion. lousand times," replied he. Ill not contradict you. I leave it to- your oon\x=req-\ I" saj-3 the slim, tall, childish, little thing) .with jteptoach in her soft, steady, eyes. ] leave it in safe quarters then," declares the |ible Tommy, who seems to find a speoial joy in "You have named as umpire in this otise ! beat thing of its kind. Don't mind her, Mrs. ic adores me. Dome over here, Angelica, and me, 1 have a whole budget of news to open peks towards a sofa as he speaks—a patriarchal furniture that has been in the family for E0S3, flvrill not," says Angelica, with all the sweet pMssof a child. "You have not said what's |willnot go near you." 1 ym'U be sorry presently," says Mr. Paulyn, Notion, "Vfhen I'm gone t . I shall only be week or so at the farthest, and who knows r w'"-soe we again 1\ Here he seats himself PP® the ancient sofa, which oreaks aloud in ^pWng agony, Tommy being no small weight. ^ o! passage, you know 5 hero to day, and |j to*worrow" is squealed out in a stiflod r° sofa having given way beneath him and ^ amongst the ruins. In his exit Mr. Paulyn ' ' to 'mve surpassed himself, naught of him 0 admiring audience save, a pair of ^pointed legs. Heels up the Hon. Tommy (rf 1)c'm" discovered a little later on to and indeed kicking vigorously, fcho unhappy vlafclm of n sofa's woaknoss Is onoo moro hauled Into Bight by those around, "Woll, I'm da , I'm bio——. Oh, oavfound It I" gasps ho, growing irritabla over his Inability to glvo wtiy to naughty language In tha prosonoo o£ tlvo girls, " What tho doooo Is tho good oil a sofa liko tlint oh? Regular mantrap, what? I'll take jolly good oaro I don't trust myaolf to its tondor morolos again," " You havo takon oaro,'1 orys Margory, who is roaring with laughtor. "It's in bits, poor old thing, And such an old friend as it was too I You ought to bo ashamed of yourself, Tommy," 'f Woll, I'm not," says Tommy, and thon ho joins in with tho majority and laughs porhaps tho loudest of thom all at his mishap. Evon Mr. Bollow has boon so far improssod by tho soono as to forgot his wrongs and give way to moody mirth ) but now, rooollooting himself, goes bnok onoo moro to gloom, and tho shadow of tho window curtains, "Are you staying at Branksmoro?" asks Diok. << Muriel said something about your ooming," " Yes, at Branksmoro, Fine old plaoo, By-tho-byo," glanoing round him confidently und evidently aooopt\x=req-\ ing Mm, Billy as a confidante upon the spot, u I novor saw anything so awful as Muriol is looking! Liko a handsome ghost. "White as papor, don't you know, and her eyes as big as'a pond," " IQlegant description I" murmurs Dlak, admiringly. " Boon getting it up, Tommy." " She regular frightened me, I oan tell you. I used to bo spoony about that girl," oonfessos Mr, Paulyn in a loud, olear voice, " I loved hor liko—like—woll,'like anything you know j and now to find hor so palo and —and still, rather took it out of me. Somobody ought to see to it, you know. Branksmoro must bo treating her very queer to bring her to such a pass, I can't get her out of my head," doolares Mr. Paulyn, earnestly. " Kept droamin' of hor all last night." "You're in lovo with hor still," laughs Mrs. Billy, 1 gaily } " that's what's the matter with you." She has loaught a nervous light in Margery's eyes, and thus comes to her support and comfort. " Not a bit of it," says Tommy, stoutly. " Only she worries me. She's as good as my sister, you know. In faot, all the girls here make up the only idea of home I've ever known. And I'm certain Muriel " " Is quite happy," interrupts Margery, decisively, her face a little pale, "Why, what silly notion have you got into your head now 1 Is Muriel never to have a headache 7—never to look pale? Is she such a favorite of the gods that all the ills of life are to be held back from her 7" .« What I want to know is," says Mr. Paulyn who is hopelessly unimpressed by this eager defence, " why she married Branksmere. He's a good old chap enough and I really like him, but there was that other fellow, Staines he's staying there now by the way—■ dooced bad taste of him, I think—well, she was going to marry him a while ago', eh ?" "I'm jolly glad she didn't," says Dick. . " So am I," supplemented Angelica. " Dancing master sort of man 7" " She married Branksmere because she chose to do so," declares Margery,; slowly. " Who shall arrange for her her reasons." Not I for one," says Tommy. "But " "You will understand that there are to be no ' buts ' in this case," interrupts Margery suddenly, with a little flash of anger. " I will not have Muriel's motives publioly banvassed. Do you hear 7" Her eyes are bright, her lips tremulous. " Ah 1 I've discovered it," cries Mrs. Billy at this uncertain moment, with the brisk air of one who has at last achieved a viotory over a treacherous memory. " What 7" asks Angelica, eagerly. " What it was I was going to say to Meg when first I came into the room. It escaped me then, but now I have it—recaptured. Margery, a word with you. She draws Meg aside, out of bearing, out of the late discussion altogether, and, whatever she says to her, in a minute or two the angry flush fades from the girl's face, and she grows calm again, if still a little sad. As for Tommy, he is loft upon the field in a distinctly injured frame of mind. " It is an odd thing if I can't discuss the girls' wellbeing amongst themsoi'ves," ho protests indignantly; " lb is all vory flno tholr protending to. bo bo indo pondont, bub I'm their cousin, and a sort of a guardian by Jove, In faot, it fool as If bhoy wore all flung upon my shoulders now, somehow. Billy Is, of aourso, too muoh takon up with hla lato purohaso to boo anything beyond his noao, and Poter'' (mildly) " la about tho blggoat fool I know I" At this ono of tho twins bursts Into a flt of inex tingulnhablo laughter, £fo pure, so jolly It la, that porforoo most of the others ohimo In with It. Mr. Paulyn, hosvevor, rogards tho outburst with a grave oyo. "That child's not woll," ho says slowly. "Some body had bettor look to it. If that sovore paroxysm continues muoh longer, I wouldn't answor for the oon\x=req-\ Bcquonooa," " What la It, May, Blanche ? " aaks Dlok, who genor ally addroaaos oaoh of the twins by botli tholr namoa, so as to make suro of them. But May la still boyond apeooh. " Pat hor on tho back, somebody, mildly but ltrraly," entreats Mr Paulyn generally, shifting his glass from hla right to hla ,lofb oyo, " O-lvo it hor atrong, Now thon, my poor ohild. Bettor, oh ? Woll onough to explain 1" " It's only this," orles May, with a faint relapse into hor explosive stato, "that what you just now said of Potor la oxaotly what ho said of you yoatorday, that you woro the ' blggeat fool unhung,' That was how he put it,' " " Ah I an improvement on my little speech," declaims Mr, Paulyn', unmoved, " Petor, If a little want ing, is still a specially nioo follow, and to think mo tho biggest fool unhung only proves the truth of my opinion of him, You agree with mo, Bollow 7 " dragging into tho foreground the morose young man amongst tho window ourtains. " Do I ? " says he, in a tone that warns Mr. Taulyn, "it will be unsafe to follow up tho argument " " What is tho matter with you this morning, CJur\x=req-\ zon ? " aaka Margery, who has again joined tho throng " You look to mo so sour, that I shouldn't think you would agree with anyone," " 1 don't want to," returns Mr. Bollow, with unwonted force. His wrongs burn within him, and his anger waxes warm. " Luoky you ! as matters stand." " I wonder you have the hardihood even to address mo," breaks out ho in a vehement undertone—his wrath at last getting the bettor of him. He does not wait for her answer to this, but turns abruptly aside, leading her amassed and Indignant, and in faot, as sho whispers to herself, with a good deal "in for him I" 