Myra Ktmble j'b loBing ber power, Scarlct stockings will produce eczema. Bed bair is every day becoming more fashionable, It It worn by savera', Madame Jenaurebeck bee alloirfd an artist to }hc(r£r»j>b her jo*t f a »be is, wrinkles, freckles 2nd,all. She is evidently going ost of her mind. Tbcre is a boree thief in Camden gaol, Arkansas,who names eleven women, *11 alive, lowborn bs has been mucb.'married within the past few years. Poor man ! The following clumsy joke appears in the NeozE " Women, ihey ray, alwaya hart tbe last word. la Mia. J. C. Ntild the exception tbat proves the rule." Tha next time the Voom wants to exael itself, let it remember tbe^neighbour's wood-heap. Four female medical students wore re moved by force recently from an operating room at Boston, whither they had foreed themselves whan the siirgeens were cutting up a man. They wouldn't go, and ao they ware removed. They've since cut up|rough akeut it. Not so dusty for one who, being a woman, never gained jary experience as a mimber: "If you didn't wear a wig I'd like to pull your hair for you, you nasty thing." And this was said to a feminine stealer of hearts, justly proud of har gorjuB raven looks, ten years youager than the bald headed speaker. A youngster aBked his bereaved father's housekeeper what a miracle was like. The plump and dtmure one replied "that he'd know by-and I bje." Thejfollowing day he burBt breathlessly into her room with a howl of delight: "Ah 1 Miss Sly game, I know what a miracle is. Aunt Sally Bays that if you don't marry my pa, 'twill be a a miracle." A little four-years old plagued his father incrasantly the other day on an exciting tonsorlal problem. The youngster's dad had a head as highly-polished as a Billiard-ball, and the twin marble-loot ing sphere rested on the (ihoulders of a visitor paying attention, presumably matrimonial, to the little chick's maiden aunt t " Dad," aaid the baby, " what makes no hair on that cove's head t" Dad : "Hush, Tommy, I'm bald, too, remember." Tommy : " Oh, yes, I know that, but that bloke ain't married, fa he f " The London Globe says an absurd but not wbo'Jy uncomio idea has been mooted in a leaflet. It is the establishment of an agency for providing ladies who' visit London with on escort. Unemployed gentility is the field from vhich.the ncceesary supply of gentlemen is to bo obtained. There are already several younger sons of peers, baronets, officers, clergymen, and one ex-colonial bishop on the list, and these will escort ladies about London for remuneration varying from Is. 6d. to £1 per hour. A "high-toned escort" can bo ob tained for the medium price of 2s, 6d. an hour, or 41 per day. . Madame Rhea, a well-known actress, has been interviewed on the subject of stage kissing. It is a debatable point whether actors are influenced by this kind of delicate salutation, and the interviewer put the question straight to Madame Rhea when he said, "Do actresses experience any emotion in kiss ihg or being kissed by men on the stage?" The answer is interesting. " At first they do. They are embarrassed, and shrink from the necessity of it. But that wears off in course of time, and we become so indifferent to it that it is like kissing so much wood. I have reached that point that I can look upon the man. I have to embrace on the stage as part of the furniture, a mere lay figure." In the little villago of Mount Pleasant, in Staffordshire, England, is to be found a child whose extraordinary growth excites great wonder. Little Alice, as she is humorously called, is four years of age, yet turns the scale at 160 pounds— the oiroumferenee of har waist being no leBS than five feet, while her height is four feet, so that literally she is broader than Bbe is long, She is bright, intelligent, and remarkably pretty, her bead being crowned with a mass of golden hair. Her size does not interfere in the least with her activity, as she may often be seen playing with the other children of tbe villago or wandering in their com pany through the country lanes, Her appetite is enormous. A shocking tragedy recently occurred at Tienna. A aervant girl out of employment entered a strange house, and, ascending to the third atoray, thraw herself into the courtyard, first throwing her baby, and carrying with her in her own fall her little boy aged four. The girl herself and the baby were killed at once, but when found the boy was still alive, having been protected in his fall by his mother's body, but he also was in a dying state. It appears that the woman had been wandering about for days without food, and that with the last two kreutzers she possessed she had bought some bread for the boy, who devoured it juBt before the deed was committed. It is not often, says a French correspon dent, that a spectator at the theatre can sit in his stall and see his two wives acting in tho same play. Such, however, was the case at Toulouse the other day, when M. Ismael, the well- known singer, went, while travelling in the south, to hear the opera of " FanBt," and found his first wife, from whom he had been reoently divorced, playing the part of Mar guerite, while the seoond wife, to whem he was married a few weeks ago, represented Slebel. The looal journals state that, while the two ladies— Siebcl more especially—were muoh agitated at' the novelty of the situation, M. Ismael seemed to enjoy the opera very muoh, and applauded with calm im partiality the performance of his past and of his present Bpouse. A hundred years ago and more there Jived in the northern part of New York a family of 'five girls, known under the fictitious name of the Jukes. The history of each "of their descendants has been oarefully looked into. Of tbe twelve hundred allied by blood or marriage, 280 were paupers, 140 w'ere conviots in gaol, 60 were habitual thieves' seven lives were sacrificed by murder. The direot and indireot loss to New Yerk from this one family is put down at £200,000 dots. It is written on the surface of this history that badness may get into the blood. A century of sinning makea sinning easy. * If some motherly woman one hundred years ago had shaped these lives into purity and righteous ness, what streams of wiokedness had been pre vented ! Good people sometimes oomplain of the coat of sohools and churches. A few pounds and a few wise hearts would have saved a score of lives and a million of money. Snobbery is peouliar to no clime, and to no country. "Atlas," in tho London Won® writes like a snob, and tho social soribo of the Sydney Twaddlkobath quotes it—apparently with gusto. This is the flummery written by " Atlas" (whoso mother was, no doubt—a Dutofcess) and echoed by tho Rum's artist (whose father was—a dook, probably) :—A rumor says that the daughters of a ci-devant dressmaker wero presented to her Majesty last Thursday. If this be true, there is indeed, no limit to tho powerful influence of a full Eurso. We have heard. of long-suffering modestes eing pacified by tho presentation of Hurlingham tickets; but presentation of the over-paid to hor Majesty is another and more serious matter. "We don't care whether it was " Rumour" that said it, or the Rum ; but why in Sheol shouldn't a brace of pfirls bo presented to the Queen, Wo recolleot Mr. Hamlet's remark about the fishmonger, and would to God Mr. "Atlas" were as honest a man. The seriousness with which "Atlas" (who has most probably never seen tho Queen in his life) regards tho presentation of daughters of a presumably honest woman to her Majesty, who is generally re garded as ono of tho best women of her time, is amusing in the extremo. Thero is a fly on the nose of royalty j speak softly, the fate of em pi r or trembles in tile scales, Flummery 1 "Atlas," when he vro! o this, was moBt likoly lying in bed with his aing?e shirt drying before the fire, afterwards sneak ing out like a guilty ghost to loot the pantry of his unpnid landlady s cold sausages. But we dont think "Atlas" was a man. Tho quotation is spitoj ful enough to bo feminine. 