%ht Contributor, UNDER THE SPEAKER'S EYE. [By the Member fob Saltbush.1 The House has been m a state or un rest during the past week or two — almost approaching spontaneous combustion. Whether it was the electricity in the atmosphere or the near approach of the 5th of November I cannot say, but there has been more ill-temper shown and more hard words said of late than was either seemly or necessary. The Opposition have much to answer for in this respect. They have been making an expiring struggle, lashing around, and fussing and fuming. They are very much like a kangaroo — far more tail than head, and will never do much in the House till they are a little more patriotic and painstaking. It seems to be taken for granted that the Government of the day. are to be the constructive element and the Opposition the destructive element, and that the only cue which the latter can adopt with any degree of success is to frustrate ana hinder. Mr. Moule, who is said to be one of the independent party, but who votes against the Government with a persistency worthy of the most pronounced Oppositionist, has had several rebuffs of late. The Premier steadily refuses to pay any attention to anything he says. The other day Mr. Moule brought forward a matter in the House which he conceived to be of sufficient importance to move a formal motion on, and having reference to the refreshment-rooms at the Murray Bridge, but the Government did not think it worth while to answer him, and nobody else took the question up. Mr. Moule looked unutterable things, and had the rules of the House permitted: would no doubt have said things he -*|ght not to utter. If he passes over to the Opposition altogether it will not be a matter of sur prise to anybody. :? Mr. Newland has for so small a man filled a very large space in the House of late. But stop ; I withdraw; that word 'small' — he doesn't like it, and I don't want to wound his feelings. He was very angry with Mr. Bray the other day for saying 'he could not sea him although he supposed he was in the House.' This is one of those little pleasantries which probably might as well have been left un said, but coming from Mr. Bray I don't think Mr. Newland need have taken any notice of it.. Mr. Bray has been called 'Little Johnny' from time immemorial,.! .and stall he comes up smiling. 'A two-feet rule wouldn't feel insulted by being taunted about its height by another two-feet rule,' I heard Glyde say the other day apropos of this matter. It is getting rather difficult to see anybody in ,the House now ; the papers on the tables ate being piled op so high that they obstruct, the view. Mr. Furner, Mr. Bray, Mr. New land, and one or two others/are. gradually disappearing from our gaze, and when Mr. Kingston said of Mr. Furner the other day that 'little boys should be seen but not heard.' Mr. Furner might have retorted that, as under present cir cumstanceB he could not be seen he was quite determined that he would be heard. Mr. Tennant, the biggest of our members, is, however, neither seen nor heard ; and Mr. Basedow, another big menaber, is like Mr. Kingston's little boya seen but very seldom heard. Mr. Howe is one of those who are both seen and heard. In his anxiety to keep nothing back from the House he becomes too loquacious and detailed, and gets tangled up in a net of his own weaving till ' Little Johnny,' or some other member of the Ministry comes to his rescue, reminding- one of the fable of the mouse and the Hon. Mr. Howe is too conscientious and impulsive ever to become a successful politician ; his heart is too warm, and his nature too kindly. Mr. Glyde rendered the Government considerable assistance last week in passing their Loan Bill, ThiB member makes the finances of the colpny a very prominent question in nearly all his speeches, and what he says on this subject is attentively listened to. His facts are reliable, and his forecasts usually correct. His defence of the Attorney-General for bis change oi iront on tins question was the orjly one attempted,* and seemed to tell with the House. There was a patriotic ring in what he said as to the future of South Australia which many of us would do well to take to heart. The dark side of the picture is so persistently held up before us that many are beginning to believe there iB no bright Bide at alL We are, as Mr. Glyde put it, «o constantly brooding over our liabilities that we have neither the time nor the inclination o consider the value and extent of our asset*. Mr. Ward's -big policy, which included two railways in his own district, and a proposal to sell millions of acres of land for 5s. an acre and upwards, was very judiciously withdrawn by that gentleman. Any pro posal emanating from anybody else to sell land is regarded by Mr. Ward as conclu sive evidence of lunacy, but he does not hesitate to recommend the same course himself, and his inconsistency in this respect was pointed out most forcibly by the Hon. Mr. Hawker last week. The cry of ' sell the land' is gradually grow ing from a very feeble solo into a very powerful chorus. Mr. Ward usually sings as loud as he can on the other side,, but he is always reminding us of his star per formances 14 or 17 yean ago, whereas the present and the future are what we have to consider. To be always digging, up skeletons may be useful from an anato mical point of view, and ghosts are good for frightening boys and have served weir purpose for protecting orchards and store rooms from childish marauders, but all the power is with the present and all the hope is with the future. Mr. Ward re gards the discovery of the Teetulpa goldfields as a special interposition of Providence on behalf of his argu ment, aud it is gratifying to be told that Providence takes so much interest in our Parliamentary doings, albeit that is a discovery which is not altogether without its elements of disquietude. The celebrated Mrs. Partington, who tried to sweep back the Atlantic with her broom, was not engaged in a more hopeless task than is our Ebenezer in trying to stem the tide of public opinion which demands the sale of land. Mr. Ward will utter this cry in the wilderness of Frome ere long ; he will tell the farmers of all the ills that will result from the policy he condemns ; but will he tell them that he hiuiself advocates it, only in another form, and that the consequence of not selling the land may be a vastly increased land tax ? Our other great orator, Mr. Rees, has been very silent of late, but on Wednesday week he spoke with his usual ability ana enpigy on Mr, Kingston's motion. Ha evidently hasn't a very high opinion of his fellow members, which seems strange considering their high opinion of him. He told us that already he had been asked to stand for five districts at the ensuing election. What a pity it is that he cannot cut himself up and divide himself into a sufficient number of parts to satisfy everybody. Couldn't he do like the cele brated Mr. Bunthorne, 'put himself up to be raffled for ?' The entrance fees might be made very heavy, and the proceeds devoted to the permanent reduction of the deficit. I commend this idea to .the Treasurer. I wonder he hasn't thought of it himself ; he is great on discovering 'nest-eggs,' and has a scent for a hen roost which is almost suspicious. Some thing certainly ought to be done to give each of those five districts a fair chance. Fancy having set your mind on being represented by Mr. Rees and then to have to fall back on Hawker or Smith, or Play foid or Symon ; the disappointment would be almost greater than the well balanced mind of any ordinary elector should be called upon to bear. Oh, Onkaparinga ! Onkaparinga ! thou little knowestthe envy thou has caused, and the danger that lies before thee ; petition, deputate, testimonailise, at once. Give a dinner or do something, and do it quickly. The life of the present Parliament will cease probably about next Tuesday or Wednesday week. How many of those who now have the privilege of writing M.P. after their names and of taking excursions by train in the capacity of deadheads will thiB time next year enjoy those proud distinctions ? But why should I think of such a gloomy subject ? Already there are about 15 candidates spoken of for my own district, and I am not sure that Mr. Rees is not one of them Already I have been threatened that if I don't support all sorts of measures which are diametri cally opposed to each other, and many of which I would a great deal rather cut off somebody else's finger than agree to, my chances of success in Saltbush are small indeed. The Catholics will go against me if I support the Bible in schools, the Wesleyans will go against me if I don't; my sporting friends will oust me if I don't vote for the totalizator, and my religious friends will consign me to limbo in this life and to Sheol in the life to come if I do. The odds in favor of any one course of action which has for its object the securing of votes are so trifling, that recognising the futility of succees by trying to please anybody in -particular, and the positive certainty of failure by trying to please everybody in general, £ mean to adopt the more manly course and try to please myself, and I think I shall be once more the. member for Saltbush. 