South Australia. (FAOM OUR OWN CORRESPONDENT.) Adeiaide, Janunry 6. Four turther deaths occurrred in the city yesterday, resulting from the excessive beat. The weather hns now tuned cool. Mr. Clement Wragge, the well- known meteorologist, has returned from Queensland after a six month's tour over a large part of that colony. He says that he has made some discoveries now to science, and found evidence of the rising of the coast between Brisbane and the Gulf of Carpentaria. Back Plains Subscription Libt.— On our fourth page will bo mad a list of sub- scriptions collected at Book Plains in aid of the widow of the Into Mr.John Naumann. Scott's Iaiolsioh op Pube Cod Livek Oil with Hypopiiobphi 'es, as n remedy for Consumption, Prone.' 'tis, Scrofula, all washing diseases, nnd Gcjurnl Debility, hns no equnl in the whplo'renhe of medicine. It is more nutritious and "trongtbening than nny other remedy. Any Chemist can supply « . -|. f ' Thanks.— Tho Hosphal Committee ac knowledge, with many fianku, the receipt of papers from Mrs, B.iyna . Mr. Damner, Sirs. Krnntz, Mrs. Bnrnell, M . W,' Robinson, and Mrs. G. B. Kiog. Also.arec eases of oranges from Mr. Roesslor, liner from Mrs. Oelkcrs, fowls from Mrs. W. ,1, Robinson, a lamb from Sirs. Davenport, cad biscuita from Air. Meish. Illustrated Almanacs.— IVo have re ceived from Mr. James Taton, an illustrated nlmanao which ccrtainlj c.HTics off the palm of all we have received for beauty of design and artistic excellence. It is entitled, " Flowers of Loveliness " and represents two little children encircled by a wreath of roses and spircas, and shaded by ferns, the 'whole blended with a very harmonious effect." Mr. Paton is to be congratulated on the taste he exhibited in selecting such a work of art as a New Years gift to bis friends and customers. We havo also received illustrated almanacs from Messrs, G. & J. Black ; Messrs. J. Tucker & Co., Mr. Dougald Paterson ; tbo Queen Insurance Company ; Mr. F. Jensen ; Mr. A. Gaydon ; Mi". J Hillis ; and Mr, J. Moloney nil of which are well got up. Toowoomba iliterary and Pabllv- mentary debating societt. — The Com- mitteo of tbo Toowoomba Literary and Par liamentary Debating Society have, wo are glad to bear, mado every nrrnngemcnt for tho success of their first annual soerlc which takes placo nt tho Assembly Roomstbiscvcn- ing. Availed programme of songe, recita tions, and instrumental musio has been pre pared for tho occasion, and in addition there will bo a collection of works of art, curiosities, nod other objects of interest on view in tho Boom, Amongst thc carioeitics will be a newspaper published in London ninty-nino years ago, nnd a copy of tho 77m&tcontmnfc; jng tho Duke of Wellington's despatch of tho Battle of W&torloo.; During tho cveniog short addresses will lie dclivcrd by the Rev, George Hcrvoy, President of tbo Society, tho Hon. W. H, Groom, and Mr, R, Aland, M.L.A, The Musgravf. Election.— Tho polling for the Muegravc electorate took place on Tuesilny last, and tho returns from fifteen palling places are as follows Philp, 532 ; Wimble, 246. Salr of Furniture.— Mr. J. S. M'ln tyro will offer for sale to-doy nt ' Mountain View," Toowoomba Racecourse, a quantity of household furniture and effecta, including a semi-grand piano by Ktuttgnrt, tho pro- l>orty of Mr. II. A. T. Bhura, who is leaving tho district. For the convenience of those desirous of nttending tho snlo cabs will run from tho Auction Mart to " Mountain View." Revihion Court,— Tho quarterly meeting of the Registration Court wns hold at the Police Court on Monday, before tho Police Magistrate, when thrco applications were re ceived for Aubigny, two of whioh were registered and one rejected. Ten applica tions wero received for Toowoomba and Drayton, nine of which were registered and one rejected. Visit of thr Bishop of Brisbane to Toowoomra.— Tho Right Rev. Dr. Webber, Bishop of Brisbane, having intimated his intention of visiting Toowoomba on Satur day, tho members of tho congregations of St. James' and St. Luke's Churches aro in vited to meet nt the School of Arts this even ing for tbc purposo of forming a xccoption committee on the occasion of Dr, Webber's visit. A Prophroy of the Rainfall during 1886, — A correspondent of the Brisbane Telegraph prophecies that the rainfall during 1880 will bo as under. Ho thinks the pro phecy should bo mado generally known in order that farmers and graziers may be pre pared : — January, 7in. ; February, 7in, ; March, lin. ; April, 15in. j May, lin. ; June, 4in. ; July, Gin. : August, $in. ; September, 2in, ; October, fijin. ; November, 2£in. ; De cember, iio. Total, 49 inches during 1886. Poets, Patriots, and Politicians.— The "Anglo Australian" in the European J/aif of the 20th November writes The Duko of Westminister sailed on Tuesday with a batch of about 400 emigrants for Brisbane. These were of the usual excellent class. It is worthy of note that l)r. O'Doherty goes out as surgeon. Dr. O'Doherty is really going out, 1 bcliovc, to wind up his business afiairs in Brisbane. Mr. llcmnmnt, formerly noting Agent-General for Queensland, gave a lunch in Dr. O'Doherty 's honour on Friday last, whereat several representative colonists " assisted and Mr. Gnvrick has shown on every occasion the utmost attention nnd kindness to one who really reflects no little credit on the colony, and who, a9 the persis tent admirer and patron of the local poet, Mr. Iirunton Stephen.", has been instrumental in making his adopted country known wherever there arc lovers of genuine humour and no less genuine poetry. Loyal subjects of Her Majesty can only hope that Dr, O'Doherty may mellow with age and legisla tive experience, and yet live to become the advocate of a united Anglo-Hibernian Em pire, rather than the apostle of an indepen dent, nnd probably hostile, Ireland. The writer adds that Mr. Weld- Blundell has just left on his way back to Queensland. Not the Man. — The Ipswich Handi cap Race.— At tho Western Siar Lodgo of Oddfellow's sports on New Year's Day, a Handicap Race for £40 was run for, and was won by a " ped," named Lowe. A protest was entered by the second man, O. M'Anany, on tho ground that Lowe had run under an assumed nnmo, nnd had therefore deceived the hnndicnppers. Evidence was taken, but tho Committee decided in favor of Lowe. Sincothc race, however, evidence from Roma has been adduced which proves pretty con clusively that Lowe's proper name is Nonan, and that be is a successful athlete, and well- known in tbc Western districts. Referring to- this matter the Ipswich correspon dent of the Telegraph writes : — " Some tall talk has been indulged in sinco the £40, tho first prize in the Western Star Grand Handicap, was paid over to F. W. Lowe, the winner of that ovent nt tho recent sports at Sandy Gallon on New Year's Day, It will be remembered that O. M'Anany, the second man in the event, entered a protest ngninst Lowe for not being the right man who bad entered for itho event. Evidence wns taken on both sides, nnd the committee decided to hand tho stakes to Lowe, nnd accordingly did so. It now turns out that M'Anany was right, for the man who took first honours turns out to bo none other thnn Nonan, nnd not Lowe, as was nt first sup posed. Several persons in responsible posi tions are implicated in the affair, and tho committee, 60 it is rumoured, intend bringing nil concerned in the case to task. It is their intention also to disqualify several well- known ' peds,' who have played first fiddles in the aflair. It is hoped that tother sports committees will follow suit, nnd thus put down all Buch underhand work at future gatherings." Brick and Stone.— TnE New Treasury Buildings. — Any dcubts which may exist ns to the extent anil quality of building stono in tho colony mu9t be dispell-;'! after reading tbo result of a deputation from tho Operative Masons Society, which waited upon tho Minister for Works on Monday last. Tho deputation was introduced to the Minister by Mr. F. Beattie, M.L.A. Mr. W. Hall acting as spokesman. Mr. Hall explained that the deputation had waited upon tho Minister, rclativo to an articlo which had ap peared in tho Courier of the 24th ultimo, and which stated that tho Government had under consideration the advisability of substituting brick aod cement for stone in tho construc tion of the new Treasury Buildings. It was nllogcd that the reason for this cbango was that it had occurred to some of tbc officers in tho Public Works Olfico that if the first portion were built of a certain kind of stone tho department would not bo able to get sufficient for tho second pari. Tho deputa tion therefore wished to point out that it was not necessary, or even desirable, that the same stone should bo used for both portions of the building ns many of thorn, both hero, and in ihe old country were built with stono from several quarries, nnd often with great ad- vantago both to their harmony nnd stability. Willi regard to any doubt which mieht exist as to tbc difficulty in procuring stone, Mr. llall alluded iojthe number of stone buildings in Brisbane of which any city could bo proud, remarking that it could not bo imagined that tho quarries bad been ex hausted, from which tho stone was obtained that they wero built of. On tho contrary, they had hitherto been able to satisfy their requirements out of what were little better than holes in the ground. He considered that a large public building would have the effect of inducing tho quarry owners within easy distance of Brisbane to get proper plant nnd open out their ground so ns to he able to lay down stone in Brisbane at a reasonable cost. A second reason had been given for substi tuting brick for stone— namely, that it would effect a saving of some £30,000. Whatever saving might bo effected, was not to be con sidered when compared with the beauty and nobility of a stone building, while the rein- tiro cost of keeping tho brick building in re pair would be considerable. Mr. Hall con cluded by pointing out tbat there wero free stone quarries at Breakfast Creek, Murphy's Creek, Hclidon, Grautbam, and Goodna, at which stone could he Innded in Brisbane at 2s. fid. to 3s. fid. per foot cube, wbi'o nt Lutwyche, O'Conncll Town, Spring Hill, and Barkers Quarry good porphory suitable for foundations could be obtained atDd. porfoot. Mr. Finney nnd Mr. Heal having explained that tho main object of the deputation was to dispel any idea that there was n scarcely of stone in the colony, Mr. Miles said the Government were not at all anxious to put up a brick building, but tboy had called for tenders for a stone one three times, and there was only one response. After some further conversation, Mr. Miles remarked that ho waB prepared to call for fresh tenders for tbo orcotlon of a stono building, contractors to find their own stone, after which the deputa tion retired, State School and Band of Hope Picnic at Crow's Nest.— The members of the Band of Hope with the scholars at- tending the State school at Crow's Nest held a picnic at this township on Saturday, 26th inst. It had been previously arranged for the children to meet here in the first instance and then proceed to a field at a distance and have the day's pleasure there, but the threat- ening aspect of the weather suggested to the leaders of the fete the more prudent course of remaining at the place of meeting, so as to be within reach of shelter in the event of a storm. As the preceding day of Christ- mas was one of almost constant rain it was greatly feared that, owing to the unsettled state of the weather, unwelcome visitants in the form of sudden showers would spoil the effects of the sports, or perhaps bring them to a sudden close. Nothing of the kind however, I am glad to be able to say, hap- pened, and the day turned out extremely favorable for us, being both cool, dry and pleasant. I really do not think we could have made a more suitable day for ourselves, even if we had had the privilege of just making one for own special use— a privilege which at any rate I can inform you as a real matter of fact we did not possess. About 1 o'clock the children, together with their parents and friends, had assembled at the appointed place, and there under the shade of the fine old gum and apple trees, the trunks of which looked grey with ripening years, and foliage sparkled in lovely rich green from the radiance of yesterday's showers, began the anxiously-looked-forward- to amusements of the day. The men and senior boys entered cordially, into a few games of cricket, and for the junior children swings were provided, thus affording them a species of pleasure which they seemed to enjoy immensely, while the others joined in games of rounders and various other kinds of play. The scene of the frolicsome, inno- cent, and happy days of childhood life in contrast with the thoughtful and careworn demeanor of more mature years can best be observed in its natural colors on such an oc- casion. The children in the country can en- joy a day's outing and games most thoroughly, possibly it may be because they do not get very many of them, and this day certainly was not an exception. The younger children evidently relished the pleasure of racing for certain prizes. When one turn at games was finished refreshments were served to all at a tent erected in the centre of the sports' ground by some kind ladies who had libe- rally, indeed I should say luxuriously, pro- vided a lot of delicious things to please their varied tastes and desires. For me to take the trouble of saving that these viands were done ample justice would be only wasting time, but I will hereby certify that such was the case. There are two ladies who deserve special mention in terms of praise for their untiring attention and energy at the duties of the tea-table - namely, Mrs. Littleton and Mrs. Dowling. As soon as tea was over the games were resumed and kept up with unbated interest until the sun had disappeared in the western horizon, when a few of the company having far to go started off for home ; but most of the pleasure seekers stayed till a late hour with a view to witness a change of scene. I had almost forgotten to remark that towards the evening the young men and girls spent a very happy couple of hours with music and dancing. Maybe I am still in time to record this important event in the history of our proceedings. When night had fairly set in the people retired to the church which was close at hand to hear the children belonging to the Band of Hope going through their recitations and singing a number of songs which they had practised for the occa- sion. The chair was occupied by J. T. Little- ton, Esq., who, after making a few intro- ductory remarks, opened the following pro- gramme consisting of recitations, songs, and readings: Song, "Now don't you know," by Misses Sutcliffe, Barnes, and Brass ; " Cold water boy," recitation, by Cornwall Wil- liams ; " Ghost on horseback," recitation by Miss Sutcliffe ; " Red, white and blue," song by Mr. Thos. Williams ; " The doctor's mis- take," a recitation by Miss Emily Barnes ; "Thirty bobs' worth of smoke," a dialogue by Mr. Barnes and Owen Williams; "Mrs. Caudle's lecture on an umbrella," a reading by Mr. John H. Littleton ; " Hodge and the Vicar," a recitation by John W. Brass ; song by Miss Sutcliffe; recitation by Mr. Wil- liams ; "The Irish schoolmaster" by Messrs. Littleton and Barnes; "Mary Cannan's pledge," a recitation by Miss Brass ; " Op- posite my window," a song by Miss Mole ; reading by Mr. Jackson ; " Sonny's Joy," a recitation by Miss Maggie Sutcliffe. It would be invidious to make comparisons be tween the styles in which the boys and girls rendered the several pieces and sang their songs, and therefore I shall content myself by simply remarking that considered in gene- ral they did credit to themselves and to their instructor, Mr. John H. Littleton. The pro- gramme was exhausted at an advanced hour, and the enjoyments of the night and day were brought to a close by hearty and en- thusiastic votes of thanks accorded to the ladies for kindly providing the necessary re- freshments during the day, to the chairman for the good order and conduct of the meet- Ing, and to the young women with the boys and girls who had assisted in the entertain- ment of the evening. Thus ended one of the most pleasant and enjoyable days that it has ever been our fortune to spend in this peaceful young township.— (Communicated.) Moral Turpitude.— Blame attaches to a jury of intelligent men when they condemn a man for crime whose moral nature has been perverted by indigestion, desensed liver, and kidneys. A thoughtful judge may well con sider whether society would not be better sorved by ordering a bottle of American Co's., Hop Bitters for the unfortunate in the dock instead of years of penal servitude. Read. A Good Account. — "To sum it up, six long years of bed-ridden sickness and suffer ing, costing £40 per year, total £240, nil of which was stopped by thrco bottles of American Co's., Hop Bitters taken by my wife, who has dono her own housework for a year sinco without tho loss of a day, nnd I want everybody to known it for their benefit." — John Weeks, Butler. Find. 