! PUBLIC FUNERAL OF THE ! LATE SIR LUKE LEAKE. _ i THE remains of the late Sir Luke Samuel Leake were ou Tuesday buried in the City Cemetery with public honours. Apart from the fact that tho deceased gentleman was au old and respected colonist and had for sixteen years ¿lied the omeo of Speaker of the Legislative Council, the circumstances of his death evoked the sym- pathy of the public, fie left Perth dur- ing the early portion of the year in fairly good health and spirits with the intention of spending a short holiday in England. That what was regarded as a journey of pleasure and recreation should have had so melancholy an ending, could not fail to stir tine sympathies of those to whom the late Sir Luke Leake was known. It was, therefore, doubtless in accordance with the general desire of West Australians, as well as with the wishes of the deceased and of his relatives that it was decided to bring the body from England to Perth for interment. The remains of the bate Speak- er were brought nut from England in the Elderslie and' arrived at Fremantle last week. Thence they were brought by river up to Perth and placed in his residence in St. George's Terrace. His Excellency the Governor directed that the late Sir Luke Leake should be given a public funeral " as a mark of the estima- tion in which he was held by his brother colonists of all grades and in recognition of his services as Speaker of the Legisla- tive Council during a period ot sixteen years." This proclamation, there is no doubt, met with the approval of all our colonists. Soon after midday yesterday, it was evident from the appearance of the City that a great public event was abo'.it to take place. Every street was thronged with people in black, many of them having come by rail from Fremantle, Guildford and even more distant places. The flags upon the Town Hall and upon the Bar- racks were flying half mast high. By two o'clock, a large number of people had col- lected in St. George's Terrace near the gates leading to the Cathedral doors. Here the volunteers began to muster and place themselves in position for liniug the way. The Metropolitan R.V. march- ed from the barracks and lined the foot- way from the gates to the Cathedral door. They were given this position of honour because the late Sir Luke was their first captain on the corps being formed. The Fremantle Volunteers, the Naval Bri- gade, the Fremantle and Perth Artillery Volunteers, and Guildford B.V. aud the Cadets, along with the mounted police lined the street from the gates to near the Post Office. The footways in St. George's Terrace were thronged with spectators and people waiting to take part in the procession. Shortly after tho ap- pointed time, 2.30 p.m., the body was car- ried from the residence of the deceased gentleman to tho bearse, and there receiv- ed by the pall bearers and chief mounters. The hearse, which was drawn by four handsome black horses, moved along St. George's Terrace to the Cathedral. The coffin was then removed and placed in the porch of the sacred edifice, where-it remained during the service. The con- gregation was alargo one, including as it did the mourners, and a great number of the public. His Excellency the Governor and all the members of the Legislative Council were present. The interior of the Cathedral had -been suitably draped for the occasion, while with- in the nave window and upon the font, evergreens had been tastefully ar- ranged. The service was conducted by the Very Rev.Deah Gegg, assisted by the Rev. Mr. WatkiDsjuid the Rev, M*. Carter, mantle churches taking part in the sir ing. At the conclusion of the servi the clergy and choirs led the way fr< the Cathedral and then the coffin was : placed in the hearse. The approaches the Cathedral were now lined by the mei hers of the Freemason's Brotherhood the number of ninety, all wearing t regalia proper to their rauk. As t hearse moved away from the Oathedr the procession heg&u; to joiu and ia a it minutes had formed. It was composed follows - I 1. Mounted Police. 2\. Metropolitan Volunteers ; 104 rai and file. 3\. Bands of the M.RV., F.R,^ Gr. R.V. and Naval Brigade, massed. 4\. Choristers in their surplices. 5\. The Clergy. 6\. The Hearse. Pall bearers : M Strickland. Mr. Lochee, ¡áir Thomi Cockburn- Cauipbell, the Hon. the Col nial Treasurer, the Hou. the Survey General, the Postmaster General, tl Hon. the Actiug Attorney General, ai the Hon. the Acting Colonial Secretary. 7\. The Chief mourners : Mr G. T Leake, Q.C., P.M., Mr. George Leak jr., the Hon. J. G. Lee Steere, Mr. C. . Lee Steere, Mr. Richard A- Sholl, D Waylen, and Mr. J. C. Dyer. 8\. Members of the Perth, Fremant and Guildford Municipalities. 9\. The Freemason Brotherhood to tl number of 90, including members of tl Fremantle and Perth Lodges aud a nut ber of visitors, Mr. W. H. Strickland ac ed as M.C. for the occasion. 10\. Government Officials. 11\. Heads of Departments. 12\. Members of the Législatif Council. 13\. His Honour the Chief Justice au His Honour Mr. Justice Stone. 14\. Hts Excellency the Governor (o foot) aud staff : Captain Alison A.D.C and tlie Hou. J. G. H. Amherst. 15\. Volunteers in half Companies. 16\. The Public. I 17. A number of private carriages. * As the procession moved off to the orde of Captain Phillips, and to the soleini notes of the " Dead March'.' in " Saul," i $resented a most imposing appeareucf t was estimated that nearly eight hun dred personstook part in it and in additioi many hundreds of people made their wa} to the cemetery. Here there wasagrea crusli near the vault in which the cofih was to be placed. The ceremony al the grave was of a simple charac ter. Deau Gegg read a portion oi the service for the dead and thc choir saug hyam No. 399 A. and M. Dean Gegg then addressed a few words to the assembly. He said: " The Governor, the Legislature and the officials who have attended this funeral, together with the general public have doue so iu honour ol the memory of one who rendered public services to this colony. We, the clergy and the choristers who are more imme- diately connected with the duties of the Church have also attendended this funeral with a hearty feeling of gratitude to the memory of one who was ever foremost in aiding the material welfare of our church, in erecting a house of God, Sun- day-schools and other works more imme- diately connected witli the Church of Christ. With these words I dismiss you with the blessing of Almighty God. May the Father, the Son aud tho Holy Ghost be amongst you now and always. Amen." The mourners then passed round the grave for a last look and the Freoiuasous paid their tribute to the deceased by throwing upon the coffin the acacia S2>i*ays which each of them carried in the proces- sion. The coffin consisted of a leaden casket covered with polished oak, mounted with brass, and bore the inscription " Luke Samuel Leake, died May let, 1886, iu his 58th year." The proceedings then ter- minated and the vast assemblage returned to the city. The whole of tho arrange-" ments for tho funeral were made by Captain Phillips, and were quietly aud moat admirably carried out. Mr. Wini bridge performed the duties of under- taker. As a pageant, nothing, certainly, to compare with the funeral ceremouy of yesterday luis ever been seen in this colony. It was a fitting and grand last tribute to one whose heart had been wrapped up iu his adopted country, who for many years had held the most honourable position iu which his fellow colonists could place him, aud who, by his genial kindliness had won the good-will aud affection of hosts of friends and acquaintances throughout the length aud breadth of Western Australia. 