SPORTING INTELLIGENCE. ELSTERNWICK-PARK RACES. The Elsternwick park Steeplechase Meeting was held on Saturday, when, both in quantity and quality, the racing was above the average at this course. Bright weather and exceptional variety in the programme brought together the largest attendance that has yet been seen at Elsternwick A trot. for the three minute class horses was contested by only three starters and Gentle Annie won with the greatest ease Something much butter was presented in a field of 16 for the Hurdle Race, and as several of them were new to the busing 99 a mishap with such a field seemed probable Joey and Black Diamond were equal favourites, but the result was another victory for the Messrs Miller Olds v he had his first mount in a hurdle race bringing Walsh ills home one of the easiest of winners M Gowan, who rode Black Diamond, was fined 5s for disobeying the starter s orders V held at 28 horses for the July Handicap over a course of his furlongs, reduced the race to a scramble with short odds about those getting first away Some of the riders caused much delay by over eager- ness. Honora who got the best of the start won by half a head, the rider of straight Shot delaying his rush just an instant too late. After the race, Sanders, Stratford, Johnson, Tomlins, and Brown were called before the stewards, and suspended for a month, for refusing to obey Mr YA Watson's orders w Sale at the post Amongst nine starters for the Steeplechase, the unfortunate Clarence was again made favourite Kulkyne was also supported at first but the odds against him lengthened materially before they went out the result was a fine finish between Signal and Mid night, the former just getting, the verdict. The pace was slightly too fast all through for Kulkyne. Only three started for the betting Hurdle Race, and Barney was the best of them, but corrnnL, up the straight, the horse twice blocked Chatsworth on the rails. Although it was palpably no fault of the rider (Thornton), this of course made no difference in the effect of the act and on King the rider of Chatsworth entering; a protest the race was given to him At auction Chats worth was sold to Mr W asks for 120, the money going to the club The Pony trot was signalised by protests, the driver of Creole, who came in first having lost 2lb of his lead, and consequently the race A complaint against Charlton, the driver of Frederick the di eat for shouting to intimidate other r horses as they were about to pass him was in the animation of the stewards met by a line of a and he was awarded the race For the hearing Steeplechase there were five starters-?, and Union Jack was the favourite He tell at the second last fence, burnt, and the race was won by Mrs, fortune The performance did not, in the estimation of buyers materially affect the value of the horse, as at auction he was knock ed down for £11 only borne rapid changes in betting were noted in connexion with the last race, the 1 Intern wick Handicap for which there were 135 starters At first Kitaivii was a warm favourite III d Meteor an outsider but the positions were reversed before the horses went to the post Moore who rode Meteor, brought him home a comfortable winner, though hat the Duke of Athol got away as well as he afterwards finished the last annual horse would have put Meteor to his best to see in front of him at the finish Although the programme was so lengthy fair punctuality was observed in starting at the time set down for the events so that the game, finished early) The following are I de slips on each event - IIIHLL JIMMIE CP NSW TROT Of 20 sons, with a sulky proposed by Mr J J Col 1 till Harness or 14 One least 20 sets to the first horse and the sulky 10 sovs to the second hurst Itto mill-, Mr S Itaiusbury s be in Gentle Annie aged 10st 10lb (Godfrey) 1 Mr N Lacaton s eli in those Rose Orrs lust. 101 b (Wilson) 2 Mr J llInchclIlTüSbg Juinl of 6 yrs 10st 10lb (Uljtln) . S Deccan" -3 to 1 agst Gentle Annie Her start was never in doubt from the start. Gertie Annie On soon as the word was given went away from the other and be, to her in L. list place now by about 3) yards from Moss 1 ese Unit, Um 19s HVNUlCir HURDLE RACE Of 30 Sovs One mile and a quarter Mr S Miller's b g Walhalla (late ironically) by Rrasduitr-Ptr-w-carla fired it (I I Is) 1 Mr M Mill t s bg souvenirs aged lit. Jib (Carey) Mr P Colley such t July 4 yrs Oat 7lb (J C or on) S Mr S I Green s br g Del are aged 10st. lb (Casey) 0 Mr C of Acres s b m Wild Wave cold Just 218 (Ditto) 0 Mr J Patterson's big Black Diamond, and lOst lib (M Leod) 0 Mrs L, Ion ci s br g Fitzroy, 4 yrs 10st Gardiner 0 Mr W Dean s b c Aristides 4 yrs 6st 10lb car do I 10st, lb (M Loan) 0 Mr W Shiers be. Spider aged 9st. 10lb (SI Mahon) 0 Mr h Parkers ch h Touultj aged 9st 7lb (everett) 0 J T H 1 riel ens b or br g Discount aged, Ost lib carried ist Olly (Morris) 0 Mr IV Cochianus br g The Irttcudtr attend Ost Lib carried his. (Jib (Ca side) 0 Mr C A Filgate s br g Derby 6 yrs 9st, carried stills (Hill) 0 Mr A G ounces or bril Hector (late Chance) 6yrs 0 t (I Olio) 0 Mr C, W Wilson's b (g Canute aged 9st, (Williams) 0 Mr A ( cuba In g Basil "or, 6 yrs 6st carried Oat 10lb (1 Butler) 0 1 title, -1 to 1 each assist Joey and Clock Dial ton 1 (I to 1 such as Kuti "o Find WA Alliance I t) I agst 1 lUroy all day I cut them Is was quickest in motion within Bitk Dia ion I had Hw worst of dollars As they came up the straight Walhalla Joey and Airs to let at the lea Uni, threat but on im. over the hurdle at the stewards stand Hector just short of in front of the c Collar towards the all the order «as-«allulla two for girls in front of deciding the i Joel and Elector in order shall louttit) list and also by far behind the war croup At the back To vciiBc drew up level with Walhalla and the pair sat 1 paid half a length in front of Joel but as they got down tenants the home turn Mr Miller's horse is is in front again a lot "lit clear of Rivers, of and four hours the saint di tar to in advance of fitzroy VV all along held the same lead from severe 1 into the straight he. Joey and Fitzroy had fallen into lengths behind the bacon 1 horse H Itho it been" on a troubled Walhalla proved an easy winner by two ltl "lbs from Heretic 11th Joey a moderate third Fitzroy was fourth Canute fifth and Tosti ity a bad list. Time in 23s till iltWHCU Of 60 Sovs Five furlongs. Mr J Whittingham s br m Honora by Hawthorn. denote sal to yrs st, lb (H Brown) 1 Mrs after a eli t Stro 15ft shot 1 pre 8st 3lb (W llllnni on) 2 Mr J H Chapman's b in Cuba 6 yrs 7st bill. (I at) 3 Mr J 0 Reid's ch g The Ghost aged 8st 12st (J Williams) 0 Mr J A Li in s b m Medea 0 v rs 8st 4lb (Cox) 0 Mr J Cohen's b f Umbra 3 by re 8st 4lb (Landels) 0 Mr T Lewis b li JTiiliboino 5 yrs 8st 3lb (W Blair) 0 Mr H Hall as such (, Brice aged East (Fiddes) 0 Mr 1 1 scott na b " snip aged 7st 10lb (U mi mato) 0 Mr Iloystulschg Al Iel 6yrs 7st 10lb (Pen or) Mr A Dean s b m Beta (late Dot) aged, "7st. 5lb (three) 0 Mr J Wilson's (jun ) b g Tabby, 4 pre 7st 4lb (Hargreaves) 0 I Mr T Rennison's b g Sorcerer, 4 5 yrs, 7st lib (Johnson) 0 Mr T Jones s 161 Violet 3 j rs 7st lib (G Ulah) 0 Mr li Conolly as to Orlando 4 yrs 7st, (Churchill) 0 Mr J Landy s br C. Boreas Ovens "st (Halliday) 0 Mr H Tibballs s b in south Sjrs (Ist Uli (O Connell) 0 Sir H i\cernís b g Lamond G yrs 6st 10lb (Corry) 0 Mr J Thom pson s b of Master John, 2 yrs 6st 8lb (Stratford) O Mr J Ryan's ch g Shaughraun aged 9st 7lb (Lord litt) O Mr H Hart ns b g Amateur II (late Amateur) (personated (1st. lb (t maintain) 0 Mr It Grey i b "' « articles aged, 9st "lb , carried 6st 10lb (Turnham) 0 Mr 1) Robinson s b or br f Gipsy Queen, 3 yrs (9st 7lb (Rhodda) 0 Mr M Heliums like Whitebait (late Dr Lauder) yrs 9st 4lb (Carroll) 0 Mr H Tlbbsllschelilbiroo 4 yrs, 9st. 8lb (B Fountain) 0 Mr W Langley s b h Bon Bon 5yrs 9st (Tomlin) 0 Mr W ii Copious b o LJ. I really 4 yrs 6st (at John) 0 Mr J A P Grimes A h g Navy Blue and Gold, 3 yrs, 9st, carried 9st 4lb (Turner) 0 Butter g, -3 to 1 agst Master John 7 to 1 ance Straight Shot 8 to 1 each cast Breeze Honora and Violet 10 to 1 agst Umbra, At the starting, post there was considerable delay, Warleigh being restless and Honora very anxious to get away Honora jumped away claim of the other and a Uti so loreto a field the start was necessarily a straggling one more bell c yards of a gap between the first and last horses before double that distance had been covered Snip was the last to leave the post Rounding the turn Cuba had the lead for a moment but Honor: was in front again as they came into the straight and apt dared to be leading home an easy winner In the lost 50 yards Straight Shot made a dash at the leader but Williamson had waited just a second too long and the rider of Honora who was fairly caught napping had only half a bead the best of it as they shot past the post in the next stride Straight Shot was in front Cut a westwood third, Tichborne fourth son Bon fifth, Tabby mull, and Snip last time, The 798. OMSV STEEPLECHASE Of 100 sovs second 10sovs. About two miles Mr F Tozer s b g Signal by Alarm Frederick William mare Cjrsoraetd lost (A Williams) 1 Mr Is Treuouithsbl g Midnight aged, list, 7lb. (M Leod) . 2 Mr V Fountain's b g Oaroiics aged list 12lb (Corrigan) 3 Mr S Miller's b g kulki tie, aged, 11st 4lb (Morris) 0 Mr J Carroll's b g Peter, aged 10st 2lb (T (W Hill tin) 0 Mr G Glasscocksbr g Blare, and, lost Nowland 0 Mr U Hoisted a boring Misfortune aged, 9st 7lb (Malone) 0 Mr H Tibballs by Our Boy, ated, Okt 7lb , carried 6st 111 (Tibballs) 0 Mr A M. Laverty s b g Danger, aged 9st 7lb , carried 6st 10lb (b Sanderson) 0 Betting -5 to 2 First Clarence 6 to 1 (at first 5 to I) see KulKj at 5 to 1 each agst Midnight a-J Desert-, 0 to 1 at st Danger 7 to 1 a"ht Misfortune Kulkyne led over the first fence where Blaro struck heavily and brought the rider out on to her neck jNtwiandgot back into the saddle cleverly but not in time to prevent the horse from running round the second of the stand treble. Over the logs the standing order was Dancer Clarence and Signal Going along the side Our Boys, as usual baulked but jumped clear at the second try At the back Danger was leading from Clarence and Signal Cheetham with the exception of Our Boys being in a bunch close at hand Danger hold his head over the Jump below the railway entrance, but running wide on approaching a.. state, "mu, unabled Clarence, who kept close to the flags to draw up level with him. All Jumped splendidly over the treble again and crossing the logs once more Clarence was in front, with Danger Minna and misfortune following In order The spurs were being used on Kulkyne and the pace was evidently too great for him At the back Clarence and Signal were side by side, with Misfortune a length away, then came Danger and later following In order There were racing hard at the last fence M d Chu nee illness awkwardly lost some ground but was with Menai as they entered the straight Here Midnight joined Issue and Clarence wing unable to maintain the pace a fine race home ensued between Midnight and burned, the latter winning but so close was the finish that the onlookers were divided in opinion as to which of them was really in front Clarence was third. Dancer fourth Misfortune fifth, Bulk, no sixth, Peter next, and Our Boy last Time, 4 1923 SCLirvO HURDLE iiAor Of 75 sovs. Winner to sold for £74 About one mile and five furlongs. Air G Dawes b g Chatsworth by Argus Scandal sMall stop (all) 0 J ra, 10st 10lb (Mue) 1 Mr A li, M Donald son Inglesides (nil) aged, 10st 10th (Batt)) 2 Mr H. H Dalton's b g Barney (till) 3rd, 10st. 10lb (Thornton) Disq | Betting., -5 to 4 on Chatsworth Time led away, and was a couple of lengths in front of Chatsworth passing the stand Going up the side that worth took the lead but Barney shot past J him again on the back stretch and passing the , in France plates the three were almost level Racing up the straight Barrie) had most pace and kept the , lead but he twice bored in upon Chatsworth and a big ked his Barn e j won by three quarters of a , length from chatsworth, with Ingleside four lengths | away like, an ass On a protest from Kim, -to first horse (Darley) was disqualified and the race given to Chatsworth, who, at auction, was sold to Mr Weeks for 25. 50 TROT, Of 25 acts, a sweep of sea each from starters to go to the second horse, one heat, harness and Two in near. Mr O MAuloysgg Frederick the Great aged, 10st (Charlton) 1 Air G Milhoiud br or bk g Dark), haired, lOst (J Miller) 2 Mr A. Bolgersch h Builder, aged 10st (Bolger) 0 Air H Ban n3 bk in Lottie aged 10st (J Barr) 0 Mr W still s b Tops), aged 10st (A A Woods) U Air J UinchcliUeâur gJhunn, aged lOst (Up John) ; 0 Mr I Edward ns L g Jack 6yrs 10st (Reed)) 0 Mr J Anderson s been 1 resto aged, 10st. (Anderson) 0 Mr J Leek's g g Random, BL cd. lust. Mulholland 0 Air J C Jones ns br g Creole 4 yrs 10st (H Barr) Dist Betting -6 to 4 agst Frederick the Great 2 to 1 agst Harry 4 to 1 agst Creole Harry and Creole exchanged leads for the first part of the journey with Frederick the Great near to tram At the finish Fred erick the Great leased land) but could not catch Creole who won The driver of the latter on weighings in found that he had boat lb of his weight on the journey and was there fore Unqualified and the race was given to Frederick the G out. On a second prove featuring the day of the 5 hours for shouting at his opponents when passing him L h urn ton was fined 25. The time for the ra of was on ISs SELLING STEEPLECHASE Of 2sovs winners be bold for £100 About one i ill and three quarters Mr H Hostels For FULL, Alfsfortune by Oliver Twist, (nil) aged 10st 4lb (Mulonu) 1 Air G Lewcock s but Mcklu (250) and list 4lb (I ted)) 2 Mr h Oraj sbpTandsticker(nil) aged, 10st 4lb (Batty) Mr W V Pereses dig Stockman (£25), aged, lost his (Nu Ion) 0 Mr J CiulkBhanks b or Union Jack (nil) a ted, lost -Jib (Ulm.) o BOWMER -u to 4 nest Union Jack J to 1 open land sticker 1 to 1 agst Misfortune Lickloaud Misfortune led over the first jump side p iv II In while at the third fence near the entrance hall all the horses excepting stockman were all on i III, an oat level during, the stand Misfortune ltd J from 1 sickle with Stockman Uti Lou Jack and land a sticker following in that order b took man went to unduly over the long line and the other horses fell and well Gain j, up the side I'miaaticl er had the load for a moment but along the back 1 sickle went to the front again as he pleased Just opposite the stand the favourite fell but Kim, got off at right Kieklo showed the way over the last jump with lands refer and Misfortune, close behind him Halfway up the ' straight Bill brought Aliiiortuno up to Mackie, and in the race he in the Latter won by half a length Tan i ' sticker HILL, the same date to behind tickle is It Jm SGjs the winner was bought by Mr J Darby for 12 I ELSTERNWICK PARK HANDICAP, Of 75 sovs. second horse 10 so s One mile and a fur coat and a half Mr S Hamilton t br h Meteoric St. Albans Deception oars 8st 8lb (Moore) 1 Mr J ivrulkt.bank's bp stone-road 4 yrs, "7st, 2lb (Gorry) 2 Mr H J Dean s br h Duke of Athol 6¿rs,7at.4lb (Browne) 3 Mr J D Robertson's br h Coriolanus, aged 8st (l i Ides) 0 Air T 1 Jamison's b g Maroney, aged 8st, (St. Ila chus) 0 Mr T totTcysbrc Kitana 6yrs, 7st life (Will Lambert) 0 Mr J L Reilly s b g Breton aged, 76. 101 b (Stonnell) 0 Air J Kessels b h Belmont 6 yrs. Tot 8lb (llutobctia) 0 Air U Brooks such g Footman 3 yrs 6st 12lb (J Hunt,) 0 lion U L. bmithsbg Dougalston aged 6st 8lb (M O brien) 0 Mr J lull) us to K I) 6yrs 6st. 7lb (Cracknell) 0 Air J G Reid s b g Millstream 5 yrs Oat Gib, can cd 0 t 11th (Levier) 0 Air C is Agnew s c m Pocahontas G pre Ost. Gib (shorter) 0 Air J W hitUngham s s o Achmet 3 Mrs 9st 2lb (D-\h>) 0 Mr A C. "V ounces b or br h Hector (late Chance) 6yrs 0 t (Hector) 0 Mr D Robinson s bl or bro- Crown Brand, 4 yrs, (9st (G Blair) f 0 Betting 2 to 1 (at first 7 to 1) first Meteor 5 to 1 agst Preston 0 to 1 and L D 7 to 1 (at list S tol)agyc Kitawa Tulse Duke of All of, Btol caclia~8tA has at and stoned make. After some little delay, Meteor was one of the first to Loft when the signal was given while b U Pocahontas in i Belmont were also quick on their legs The Tasmanian horse Duke of Athol was one of the last to get going- and lost many lengths at the start I can If, the stand Pocahontas took the lead from a Meteor with Mare. C), Stone broke Preston and Ash nat folio win. In the case of i at I Duke of Athol though last in aid g up 1 ii around rap The Meteor took the lead again as they can do in from the back with Stone-broke local rates an 1 Preston Still as this we trust at tend nits Duke of Athol was now she wins in the first division also Meteor of late into the sunlight and gallon) of here one of the cases of winners star) broke blue. second an 1 Duke of Athol con riders, his head that a most creditable third K D was fourth Foot nan filth Preston sixth, and Mill street u I viz Time 2 in f H 