Erickmakers' Strike. GIVING UP THE GHOST. On Saturday last a meeting of the representatives of the Building Trades Conference, the Trades and Labor Council, and the board of management of the Brickmakers' Union was held in the Temperance Hall. The meeting was conf ened ior the -Dumose of deciding what coarse to puruse. Mr. Drayton, eheirman, called on Mr. Cook, the secretary of -the Bookmakers1 Union, to inform the meeting as to what bad been done since Saturday last. llr. Crook eaid he had come Itsfore the meeting to aoknotriz-dge that they vrere beaten. At the meeting: held last Saturday a resolution was passed to the eSect that a mass meeting of the brickmakoro should be called to obtain their opinion. The meeting was held, and an unanimous resolution passed so cunfirm the action of this con fereace. It transpired uiterwarti that some of those present at tlia meeting had voted against their wishes, and were very shortly afterwards applying' to their oid mat-tors for em ployment. Some brickmakers would return to work on Moncay moi- niag ender the ten hours syeiem until Movember 1, -vrfcon the eight hours ?would coise into force. The following com* msnication was forwarded to the Masters to ascertain whether, in the event of the men going in again under the tea hours, they would recognise them as an eight hours body : — 'Sjdney, August SO, lc'S6. — Dear Sir, — Being de sirous of seeing the present dispute terminated, I wish to submit for tie consideration of your body the fol lowing proposal, which I trust you will lay before tha association as early as you can : — The proposal is that the men return to work as required by you, to work until November 1T tea hoars per day, or aa before the strike ; but that your association recognise the union as an eight-hoar union from Monday, Augufct 23, and th&t; the two hours worked over and above the eight houra shall be considered as over* time, without any estra charge on tbe part of the men. Trusting that this will meet your viewB, and that the matter may be amicably settled, — I beg to remain yours Ha., Jas. Cook.' The board of management had an interview with the masters on Friday, and thay had refused to make any alteration in the hours -until NoTember 1. Mr, Kagaey, of ISoith bhore, stated that the workwonld be paid for after tha system came into force the same aa before. A meeting had been held of the speaker's branch of ike union, and a resolution had been pMsed by the majority to return to work, and the men would presont themselves at their old em ployer*, and thoEo who were notf ire-engaged would be sepporte*'. Sir. A. Boot verified Mr. Cook'estatcment, and eaid that a victory had been achieved and the eight hours obtained. The men had given in, bntnot the leaders. He die! not expect to be taken back, as ie could not sacrifice hi6 principles. Messrs. Wit&ena;, Steward. Erase. Hinee. Watitinn. Reiily, Lyle, and G. Waite spoke in a similar man ner, A resolution to the effect that it would be wise to accept tho masters* offer of the eight hoars system irom the 1st November was put before the meeting, bat nothing was done with it. After the representatives of the Trades and Labor Council and Building Trades Conference had wifeh dr&wn;, the following resolution wag passed : — ' That this board, having received the recommendation Of several branches of the Brickmakers' Union, is o£ opinion that, under the circumstances, it wilt be wiee tor them to accept the employers' offer aa recognising the principle of the eigot fcourBi they having promised tiie eame from Xbvember 1.' 