Sfcetcber* Indian Myths. by * Steija Occidess." Should yon ask me, whence these stories— Whenee these legends and traditions ? ****** I should answer, I should tell yon, From the forests and the prairies, From the great lakes of the Northland, From the land of the Ojibways, From the land of the Docotahs. I repeat them as I heard them.—Longfellow. Daring the long, cold, winter nights, the Indians gather round the camp-fire, and relate the wonderful tales and myths of their country. Under the great pines, in an ever-green forest of the Eocky Mountain region, by the blazing light of the camp-fire, and surroanded by the darkness of night, stands an old man, telling in simple language the story of Ta wats, the hare god, and his encounter with Ta-vi, the sun-god. The Iadians are great actors, and tell more by action than by words. The elders listen with reverence, whilst the younger members are often so excited as to dance with delight, or shiver with fear, accord- 1 ing to.the influence of the orator and his fitory. The old man tells them how in long past times the eun god Ta-vi was free to roam about the world at pleasure, scorching people when he came too near, and leaving them shivering with cold when he hid away in hia ; cave. One day Ta wate, the hare- god was sitting round the camp-fire, out in the woods, with his family gathered round him, waitind for the son-god to come ont of his cave ang warm them. At last they grew tired of wait ing, and fell asleep. The sun god then approached the hare god and his family so neat that he scorched Ta-wats' shoulder. Then Ta-vi ran away and bid himself, for he was afraid thai the hare god would be angry. When the latter woke up, and found how badly the sun-god had treated him, he was very angry, and determined to be revenged. He travelled for dayB and days, meeting with many adventnres, and overcoming many obstacles: At last he arrived at the brink of the world, and he waited patiently until he should see the sun-god. Presently the latter, thinking his enemy had gone, peeped out, and the hare-god shot an arrow in his face, but the rays of the sun burnt the arrow before it reached him. Ta-wats shot again and again without effect, until at last he sent a magical arrow, which never failed to reach Its mark. This struck Ta vi full in the face, and the sun fell to pieces, setting the whole earth on fire. The hare-god fled, but as he fled tbe burning earth pcorched his feet, his lege, bis body, until at laet only his head was left. This went rolling along, bumping over rock and crevice, across mountains and valleys, through deep ravines and abysses. Finally the eyes of the hare-god burst, and tears gushed forth in such a flood that it quenched the fire. The sun-god was conquered and he was summoned to appear before a council to await sentence. The judges con demned him to travel across the sky day after day, on the same path, and he was only to appear at certain times. The days, nights,, months and seasons were also regulated by this council. The Algonquin race have the beautiful myth of the Bed Swan, somewhat similar to the above. They bel:eve that the hunter Ojibwa, whilst skinning a bear, noticed that the sky gradually became tinged with a bright red light. He saw a Beautiful red swan with brilliant plumage flying across a lake, and tried in vain to shoot it, his arrows proving useless. Ha then tried three magic arrows, only succeed ing, however, in striking the swan with the third. The wounded bird flew off, feebly flapping its wings, until it sank at last tinder the water. Ojibwa pursued the red swan westward, and discovered that she was the daughter of an old magician. The eld man had lost his scalp, which Ojibwa fonnd for turn, and put back on his head. The magician then gave his beautifnl daughter, the Bed Swan, to Ojibwa, as a bride, and they re turned to the earth together. In Longfellow's "Hiawatha," this myth is referred to by Iagoo, the marvellous story-teller, at Hia watha's wedding, when he relates tbe story of " The Son of the Evening Star":— Can it be the sun descending O'er the level plain of water ? Or the Bed Swan floating, flying, Wounded by the magic arrow ? Staining all the waves with crimson, With the crimson of its life-blood, Filling all the air with splendour, With the splendour of its plumage ? Shortly after the San had been condemned to travel across the sky, another council was held to elect a Moon winch was to shine during the night. Whippoorwill, God of the Night, was chosen to preside at this council. After a long debate, a frog offered himself as a willing sacrifice, and was chosen. Various magical incantations and ceremonies were need, and he was changed into the new Moon. Naturally the Moon gives no heat, being made out of the cold body of a frog. TMe Dahkotah IndianB believe that the Moon is made of something good to eat—as good, probably, as green cheese. When the Moon is full, a great number of small mice commence nibbling until they have eaten it all np. A new Moon then begins to grow until it is full, when it is in turn devoured. The Dahkotahs count their months by the Moon, as follows:— 1\. Witeri, January; the hard Moon. 2\. Wicata-wi, Frbruary; the racoon Moon. 3\. Istawicayazan-wi, March; the sore-eye Moon. , 4\. Magaokadi wi, April; the Moon in which the geese lay eggs; also called Wokada wi; and sometimes Watopapi-wi, the Moon when the streams are again navigable. 5\. Wojupi-wi, May; the planting Moon. 6\. Wajustecasa-wi, June; the Moon when strawberries are red. 7\. Canpasapa-wi, July; the Moon when choke-cherries are ripe. 8\. Wasuton-wi, August; the harvest Mo©*. 9\. Pginhnaketu-wi, September; the Moon when rice is laid up to dry. 10\. Wi-wajupi, October; the drying rice Moon. 11\. Takiyura-wi, November ; the deer-rotting Moon. 12\. Tahecapsun-wi, December; the Moon when the deer shed their horns. The Indians have many myths concerning Day and Night. Schoolcraft, in his " Algic Be searches," describes the Haron nature-myth concerning Day and Night:—"Iosco," says Tylor," seems to be loskeha, the White One, whose contest with his brother Tawisoara, the Dark Oae, is . an early and most genuine ; Huron nature-myth of Day and Night. Iosco j and his friend travel for years eastward and eastward to reach the sun, and come at last to the dwelling of Manabozho, near the edge of the world; and then, a little beyond, to the chasm to be passed on the way to the land of the Sun and the Moon. They begin to hear the sound of the beating Bky, and it seems near at hand; but they have far to travel before they reach the place. When the sky came down its pressure would force gusts of wind from the opening, so strong that the travellers eould hardly keep their feet, and the sun passed but a short distance above their heads. The sky would come down with violence, but it would rise slowly and gradually. losoo and one c2 mg friends stood near the edge, and with a great effort leapt through, and gained a foothold on the other side; but the other two were fearful and undecided, and when their com panions galled to them through the dftrkness. Leap! leap! the sky is on its way down, they looked up, and saw it descending; bat, paralysed by fear, they sprang so feebly that they reached the other side with their hands, and the sky at the same moment striking violently on the earth with a terrible sound, forced them into the dreadfnl, dark abyss " Th' Ottawa tribes also believe the San and Moon ta be brother and sister. "Two Indians, it is said, sprang through a chasm in the sky, and found themselves In a pleas ant, moonlit land. There they saw the moon approaching as from behind a hill; they knew her at the first sight; she was an aged woman with white face and pleasing air. Speaking kindly to them, she led them to her brother, the San, and he carried them with him in his coarse, and sent them home, with promise of bappy life." There is an Ottawa myth about Mana bozho, the solar god, among the Algonquins, which tells about his driving his father, the West, across mountain and lake to the brink of the world, bat he was not able to kill him. The conflict 1b described in11 Hiawatha"; the West-Wind or Madjekee'wis being the father of Hiawatha. Then began the deadly conflict. Hand to hand among the mountains. Back retreated Mudjekcewis, Bashing westward o'er the mountains, Stumbling westward down the mountains, Three whole days retreated fighting, Still pursued by Hiawatha, To the portals of the West Wind, To the portals of the Sanset, To the earth's remotest borders, Where into the empty spaces Sinks the son, as a flamingo | Drops into her nest at nightfall I In the melancholy marshes. " Hold 1" at length cried Madjekeewis, " Hold, my son, my Hiawatha! 'lis impossible to kill me, For yon cannot kill the immortal. I have put you to this trial But to know and prove your courage." In the Ottawa myth, Manabozho is called Na-na-boujon, and is the elder brother of Ning-gah-be-ar-nong Manito, the Spirit of the West, god of the conntry of the dead, in the region of the Betting son. This sun hero, Manabozho, when he angled for the King of Fishes, was swallowed, canoe and all; then he smote the monster's heart with his war-club till he would fain have cast him np Into the lake again, but the hero set his canoe fast across the fish's throat inside, and finished slaying him; when the dead monster drifted ashore, the gulls pecked an opening for Manabozho to come out." This story is likewise told in " Hiawatha," in the account of the LHtle Monedo of the Ojibwae. The Oraibi philosopher, who lives in a putblo, knows something about architecture; therefore, he imagines the world to be a building, and seven BtorieB high. We an supposed to occupy the second story, one being below, and five being above. The thiri story is ocoupied by the rain-god, who sprinkles the earth with rain by dipping a brash made of birds1 feathers into the lakes of the skies. The Indians who live on the cliffs of Arizona believe that the rain is sent for the irrigation of their crops and to refresh the thirsty earth. In the winter this god causes a snow-fall by crushing the ice of the heavenly lakes, and scattering it over the earth. The reason why we occupy the second story of this wonderful building is presented in the following way by the Oraibi philosopher. It was supposed that people originally inhabited ft lower world by means of a magical tree, which served as a ladder from the lower world to this. They found the firmament resting low down on the earth, forming the floor of the world, and Mateito, one of their goda, raised the firmament on his shoulders to his present place. He is also supposed to have made the moon oat of seven baskets o£ cotton balls, woven by seven maidens, and the bits of cotton which were scattered about whilst they worked were made into stars. Mateito then made a son to keep the people warm, for they complained because the moon was cold. He made the son of the hair of seven buffalo robes. He also appointed the times and seasons for the heavenly bodies to appear ; and the gods of the heavens have obeyed his commands from the day of creation till the present time. According to the ShoBhoni Indians, the sky is ice (being of the colour of ice) and the fall of snow is caused by a monster serpent-god, who coils his hnge back against the sky and brashes the ice dust off with his scales. That serpent-god is supposed to be the rainbow, and the Shoshoni philosophers believe it to be the serpent-god of storm. In the winter time the serpent sends snow, and in the sum mer time rain. Schoolcraft, who spent some time visiting among the Indian tribes, relates a story told by a North'American Indian prophetess, de-1 scribing s vision she had of the Bright Blue Skf* " At her solitary fast at womanhood she fell into an ecstasy, and at the call of t*ie spirits she went up to heaven by the path V.M at leads to the opening in the sky; there *£>e beard a voice, and, standing still, saw the .gore of a man near the path. Hia head vi as surrounded by a beauiful halo, and his breast was covered with squares. * Look at me,' he said,' my name is Oshaunauegeeghick, the Bright Blue Sky.'" She likewise described the spirit as being ornamented with the hiero glyphic horns of power. The North American Indians called the Pleiades the Dancers, and the morning stat thePay-bringer. Stories are told of an Indian who had long gazed on a star in childhood One day it left its place in the heavens, and came down to the earth, and talked with him. When he went out hunting, and had poor luck, the star would lead him to the place where there was plenty of game. The Indian myths about the planet VenuB are interesting. Iiongfellow tells in " Hia watha "how.— " The Star of Evening Melts and trembles through the purple, Hangs suspended in the twilight. No; it is a bead of Wampnm On the robes of the Great Spirit, As he passes through the twilight, Walks in silence through the heavens! " Then Iagoo, the story-teller, relates how Osseo, the son of the wandering star of Even ing, was beloved by Oweenee, the " silent, dreamy maiden," who refcsed41 all her young and handsome suiters," and married— " Old Oaeeo, poor and ugly, Broken with age and weak with coughing, Always coughing like a squirrel, Ah, but beaatifal within him Was the spirit of OsEeo, From the Evening Star descended." All the heavenly bodies, indeed, were sap posed to be human beings or spirits by the North American Indians. The ghost theory was very obviously held among them, not the mere Fetish worship imagined by some modern writers. "I suppose I'll have to go; but, indeed, it wasn't my fanlt," said a pretty servant girl when the mistress of the house surprised her husband hugging the lass. " Ob, no, don't think of going,"replied the practical mistress; " since yon have been with ns we are saving money. My husband remains in of evenings, watching for chanees to hag you, and I stay home to watch him. His remaining at home is from $150 to $2 in his pocket every night, and I'll want some of the money shortly for ft sew dress, and there'll be trouble if I don't get it. Most married women will not have a pretty servant girl about the house; but when a pretty servant girl will enable me to get pretty clothes I'm willing to tolerate her." —Philadelphia Daily Herald. 