Sunday School Teachers' Conference. THE Brisbane Sunday School Union held their first conference in the Divinity Hall, Creek street, on Good Friday. There were three diets, morning, afternoon, and evening. In the morning the President of the Union (S. Fraser, Esq., M.L.A.), was in the chair. There were about 120 ladies and gentlemen present. The meeting having been opened in the usual manner, the president announced with regret that Mr. J. S. Kerr, who had promised to read a paper on "Sohool organisa- tion," was unable to attend through illness. The Bev. Mr. Whale read the following paper: — 'I rejoioe greatly that the union should bring together the teaohers for consideration of important aspects of their work, and that the teachers should seek to fit themielves for the more complete realisation of their desires. The work of seeking the religious welfare of the ohildren is one the importance of whioh cannot be over-estimated, and the large army of teaohers who go forth to teaoh and train them for God are amongst the greatest bene factors of their race. Seeing you have honoured mj with the opportunity of taking part in this conference, and given me an im portant Bubjeot to consider, I will at once ask you to accept a brief statement on ' The aim of tho Sunday school teacher.' The com mittee appear to recognise the faot that eaoh teaoher should have an aim. This means that there ahould be careful thought and earnest prayer, followed by direot effort to gain the object in view. It is to be feared that many teaohers have not defined to thenuelves the purpose of their Sunday school efforts. Desire for occupation is not a sufficient reason for being in the school, neither is love of friends and fellow- workers, hut we need to havo all our work for Christ in pulpit and in olass more direotly the expression of well- considered pur Soao. And now, what should be the aim of le teaoher ? Put emphasis on the distinguish ing word ' the.' There should bs a supreme aim, and that nothing Ioes and nothing lower than the aalvation and religioua oulture of the ohildren. Consoious of God's love to us, we wish by sorvioe to show forth our gratitude to Hun. This may be called the motive power, and the form in whioh it expresses itself is in jronv oases Sunday sohool work. I do not know if teachers havo sufficiently thought upon Eelf-oolturo and de velopment of oharaoter as grand aims in con neotlon with this work.' It is well that the teaoher Bhould aim to be, that ho may bo the better able to do. It is proof of wisdom when a person eeleota company, occupation, or read ing whioh will tell for individual improvement on the mind, heart, and life. That teaoher will do well who puts the matter thus — ' The oon soiousness of God's love to me inspires me with doeiro to serve Him.'- I oan best servo Him by seeking to savo and guide and bless tho dear ohildren. The Sabbath eohool offers many facilities for that speoial kind of service. That I may bo able to honour God by doing this work I will diligently apply myself to the study of His word, and of the best ways of ac oomplishing His purpose in tho lives of the ohildren.' Need I say that Buoh a defining to oneself of motive and method would be a moans of aoul-oulturo and a source of power. You will see from Hub that the groat aim of the teaoher is roachod by attending to sovoral Rub ordinate aims. Eaoh oause !b an effect, and eaoh effect becomes a causo. God tho groat first oauso, and then causation goes on, may be inondlesspiogreesion. The great aim should centre in God. Tho second' aim Bhould be the personal realisation of tho Christ lifo — tho ideal lifo. Tho outcome of theso in tho teacher is the effort to save and bleea tho children, for whom Christ died, and who aro objects of tho Fathor'R love. Then as a tcaohor eimply his greatest aim is to save tho souls of tho ohildron. Two questions might ho asked at this point, and the answers would bo of great practioal value : . ' I. What do you mean by Baviug the souls of tho oblldreu f ' 2. By what means may this bo boat accom plished? 11 li What do yon mean by saving the souls ofthoohildren? . . 'Thedfsoussionof this question would soon bring ua into theological debates which aro not doalrablo in a oonf erenoe suoh as this, bat 1 may perhaps ventaro a few aaateauoa entirely on my own responsibility. I regard /salvation as either tho roscuo of those who are pruotioolly lost or tho prevention of evil to those who othorwiao would bo lost. The formoris our gonoral idea of salvation, and that is reaohed by all ovaugoliulio agenoioj. Tho Utter is not often taken iuto account, and yet it ia the only eeuto, Iboliovo, in which it oan bo said to savo. tha young. Bolieving, aa I do, that all infanta dying in infancy aro saved, I also bolievo, it Bccms to ma of nocossity, that all infants living in infanoy aro safo. Dying does not save luem, tuoreioro inoy woro saio Deiore they died. Such beiug kopt in tbo simple love of goodness and truth, first as seen in good paronts, then ns taught to find tho perfect good of God rovqalod in Jesus Christ, may ba eavod from the evils whioh aro in the world, saved from untruth, and impurity, and envy, and enmity, and all that is oruel and unjust, and mean, from nil that whioh brings the blush of shame and stains tho consoienoe with tho sense of guilt. Tho first effort, then, iBto take young lifo and koop it from the evil whioh is in tho world, and nurse atd train it up by love and truth as soon in Jesus Christ. In so far as from any roason whatsoever tho child goos wrong, and if it should broak away from tho truth and love of God to any degree, thon the second needs to ho added. We should strive to convert tho sinner from the error 6f his way ; for many of tho soholars are wrong to some extent, though not so wrong as many, others who are far gone in sin. These will need the proteotivo salvation of whioh we have spoken and the rescue salvation from the evils into whioh they have fallen, and from the state of heart whioh prompted them to stray. I have exprossed it thus so as to avoid theologioal and ecclesiastical terms as far aa possible. By salvation of ohildren I mean not the imposition of eoolesiostioal rites or oeromonies, or tha inculcation of tho formal Btatoments of theology, but the preservation of simplo and beautiful child lifo by bringing upon the children the bloesing of ChriBt, or the rescue from evils into whioh any may havo fallen, or both. In all oases there is a nature whioh oalU for renewal in the love and truth of Christ, and a life which calls for guidance, promotion, and oulture, for the divino glory. The teaoher is under God, and aa the servant of Christ, taking up this work of guiding, protecting, and onlturing the lives of the ohildren. 'I comenowto the second question. — 2. ' By what means may this salvation be best se cured ?' How thall the teaoher reaoh his ideal of advice for Christ ? Lft us nsk where God begins, and where He has taught parents to begin. It is in the heart and with the heart. God is love, therefore He loves, and we love Him because he first loved us. The first step towards the final aim is to love the ohildren, and eash step needs to be prompted by love. To beget tho confidence and affeotion of the scholars is essential, and these will not be given in reeponee to anything whioh comes of mere thought or organisation ; it will he in re sponse to confidence and love on tho part of the teacher. It 'will be much easier to get the ohildr#n to lovo God, if first of all the teaoher oan win th-.ir love to himself heoause of some what divine in him. The young will also go from the leaser to tho greater, and from the known and seen to the spiritual and unseen. Love will do inoro than logic Love ia the highest learning. Love is the most effective disoiplinarian. Love begets love, and 'He that dwolleth in lova dwcUoth in God and God in him.' Other influences spring forth from this, for love must needs be fruitful of results. Children are sooial beings, and the oompany of the Sunday sohool needs to be congenial. Seek to make it a happy family ; give the scholars, as best you can, an interest iu eaoh other. Organi sation has its uses. God is not the author of confusion. Love is orderly and methodical, heoause order is more pleasing than disorder to the beloved. Sohool life forms companionships for time, and even for eternity ; so it should be. Let the soholars find the school a home and a temple in one. The teacher will not regret any oare and kindness shown to the scholars. Eaoh one should he upon the teacher's heart, and something more than a few minutes' teaming on Sunday Bhould come of being a teaoher in a sohool. I know teachers are busy, and have not much Bparo time, but those who have elder classes can hardly expect to reaoh their aim, unless, indeed, it bs a vory low aim, by the Sunday lesson only. The young people are setting forth upon the way of life, and if they are to he secured for school or ohurch, or for tho cauje of God and truth, it is imperative that there he personal attachment between teacher and scholar, and with a view to that there must he warm and loving interest in all that ooncerus young life. Not putting old heads on young shoulders, hut keeping a young heart in the teacher's breast. Teaohing there must be, but th-) effect of the teaohing, i e., the spiritual results, will depend more largely npon thogo cords of sympathy whioh hind the teaoher and tho taught than upon any learning or 'skill displayed in the lesson itself. I do not undervalue anything whioh oan come as the result of study, organisation, or authority, but it is not possiblo to over estimate the value of the social and heart work, first as an aid to order, and then as a power for getting the heart for Christ. If the soholar loves you, and you love Christ, the scholar will he predisposed to love Christ too. The I anchor's aim may he scoured by providing such pleasures as are of a sooial and helpful kind ; and euoh lessons as are instructive ; and such f liends as are amiable ; and suoh devotions na aro enjoyable. I have said nothing about the oross, but I wish for the shadow of the cross to lie over every page. Teaohing of the cross as the result of the world's sin and the source of the world's salvation. Let the ohildron he taught from the oross to suffer rather than sin ; to suffer, if needs be, for well- doing. Let them loam that Jesus by thus suffering conquered gin, and that having oon querod sin death could not hold him, and heaven oonld not refuse him. Trusting in Jesus they will receive of His spirit, and be con formed to His image. When the soholar ia be coming more and more like Jeans, the teaoher has reached his nobloat aim. It will be helpful to teaohers if they are found at the prayer meeting, and get the scholars t» be there top. Sit with some of them, and keep them in countenance. Get them under the notioe and into the acquaintance of tho pastor, and have them mindful of tho ohuroh »s a home for the hoartin religious fellowship. Do not make critics of tho soholars by teaohing them to note defects und faults in tho people or pastor of the ohurch ; rather eeek to develop some love and even pride on ncoount of the place where they are taught, and tho ohuroh and all elio oon nested with it. In closing this short paper I oan only pray that we may all be filled with the Holy Ghost, and moved to suoh service and such methods as shall have divine approval. May you all have a high and noble aim, and nho the pleasure of seeing that your efforts are not missing tho mark, whioh ia to you ' The prize of your high calling of God iu Christ Jetus.' ' No discufsion followed, and wo understand the paper will be published in pamphlet form under tho auspices of the Sunday Sohool Union. Mr. E.. GnEaonY read a paper on ' Sunday sohool addresses,' in whioh he dwelt especially on tho capaoity and fitness of ladies to engage In this work. The Sunday sohool was the tnrsecy of tho ohuroh, and ho asked, Who so fit for nursery work as our Bisters, mothers, wives, und daughters P He illustrated what ho considered the best methods of inouloating the all-importiuit truths of our roligion in a lasting and attraotive form to infant minds. Dr. William HAnvnT, a visitor, ondorsodthe last speaker's remarks rospeoting tho oapa^ity and fitness of ladies to toaoh tho yonng by Sunday fiohool addresses, stating that tbe London raggod sohool, whioh had had suoh Buocees, and whioh had now developed iuto suoh proportions as a Christian institution, had had its bogiuning in the work of a few young Indies, ouo of whom, ho was prondto pay, had now been hia wifo for many years. Eo garding subjects ho saw no diffloulty. To teach, ns to love, oatno naturally to tho ladies, aud their own inetinotive delioaoy would always euggo-t suitable uubjeotn. Aftkbnoon Burma. Mr. N. Lado prealdod. ?' Mr. Jones road a paper on 'Teaohern' Training,' in whioh ho suggested thoncoessity of having teachers oarof ully and thoroughly trained . in all the beat arts and mothods of teaohing. Mr. E. GnnooiiT spoke at some longthj giving his experience in the methods of teaohing he had lQund best suited to tha ohildjent .'? '? ? ..- ?. ?/-.' ' ;?.: ?.:-''.?;'? abi.ivi f . ?'.:????.-? it ' ??? jtC, ;j ??.-:?. : Mr. B. Buloook, M.L.A., a.'so made some suggestions, showing that ohtldro*1 of different ages required different mothods i'1* teaohing to bo adopted. Ho found it a vory different thing to toaoh a child just learning the rudiments to ono who was morging into youth nnd x'oll of secular knowledge and intolll- ronoe. Mr. SLAtKHiTim was afraid 'that tho propoa'ed method of training toaohors would destroy aiH originality in toaohing, and destroy also the j individuality of tho teaohors. Sovoral othora spoke and Mr. Jones replied, and iurthor explained his theory and proposals respeotmg training the teaohers, and two of their number were appointed aa visiting inspectors, to give hints and lossons on teaohing. Mr. Habms then asked to read his paper on tho management of infant cIbbsos, instead of in the evening ap originally intonded, but time did not promit. Evening Sitiino. The oonterenco met again after toa, when Mr. R. Bulcook, M.L.A., took tho ohair. There were at this diet about 80 ladios and gentlemen present. Mr. Jonathan Hariiis read a paper on ' Infant classes,' in whioh he said he was in favour of excluding very young ohildron from Sunday sohools, and therefore ? affirmed tho necessity of having infant classes. An entiroly separate room should be kept for infanta, who Bhould be under a toaohor of very speoial qualifications. Mr. Jonbb, in oritioisiDg this paper, said he was glad Mr. Harris had given some praotioal hints as to what kind of oral teaching should be given to infants. Fiotures, he thought, should bo one of tho great featuros in imparting know ledge to infanta, bnt there the difficulty camo Infants wero tho most difficult problem in Sun day sohool teaohing. Mr. .Tentms gave an example^of his method of teaohing, which was oral. Mr. Kere, in showing the importance attaoh ing to infant olapseB, cited tho saying of a cer tain popn, ' Give me a child until he is seven years of nga and then I don't- care where he goos.' Alter some further expression of opinion, Mr. Karris briefly replied. Mr. H. M. Rkkvu introduced the subjeot of sohool organisation by reading a few para graphs from a work by Mrs. Louis* David. Mr. T. Slaughter expressed his regret that Mr. Kerr, who had promised a paper on the aubjeot, waB unable to attend. He would like to boo somo system introduced in the work ing of our Sunday eohools. -* Mr. Gbhoobt thought a system of admission should ba irtroduoed aa in day Bchools, registering names and addresses, with a visit ing staff to look up absentees. Alter some further discussion the conference terminated. ? 