PARLIAMENT. LEGISLATIVE ASSEMBLY. s TUKSDAY, SKPTKMUKII 21. The Spka kids took the chair at half-past 4 o'clock. ANSWERS TO QUESTIONS. Mr. FLETCHER, in answer lo Mr. Davie. for Mr. OUiffe, said that copies of the Lithgow and Ferndnle Collieries Commissions would bo laid ou the table of the House that evening. When ail the members of the commission were present at a sitting the cost per diem was £21 as., exclusive of cost (one shilling per folio) of transcribing. Dr. RKNWTCIC, in answer to Mr. Day, for AEr. .Hugh Taylor, said it was not intended to erect a residence for the master of the public school at Farramatta North 'on the site adjoining the public school, and purchased by the Govermcnt. A residence of seven rooms and a kitchen, the property of the department, was already provided. Sir PATH EC EC JENNINGS, iu answer to Afr. Garland, said a gratuity of £821 war voted by Parliament to the late AEr. Michael Family, who served fur 20 years as a clerk to the Health and Emigration Officer, for which lie never applied. Air. FureUy died in 1882, and the amount was subsequently written off in the books of the Treasury. Air. LYNE, in answer to Mr. Day, for Mr. Ilugh Taylor, said that preliminary plans had been prepared for carrying out the sewerage of the Borough of ParramaLta, so us to abate the nuisance flowing from the Government estab lishment which emptied itself at. Lennox Bridge. Tracings would he forwarded to the Parruinatta Borough Council for their inspec tion. AEr. LYNE; in answer to Atr. Davie, for AEr. T. R. Smith, said the increases to officers under the railway classification could not be granted until the question of granting increases to tho civil service generally had been decided. FORMAL BUSINESS. The following motions were agreed to with out discussion : — By Air. DIBB.S, — That this House will, to-morrow, resolve itself Into n committee of tho whole, to consider tho expediency of bringing in a hill to imivide for periodical invest!- initlon, reduction and re-organisation of the Civil Service— for the better regulation thereof— for grunt ing compeusUidu for loss of olllco— for granting allowances utui gratuities, and for other purposes con nected with the uilmiuistrutiuu of the said service. By Mr. DAY1 ES, — -That there bo laid upon the table of this House copies of nil correspondence, letters, jmpera, Ae.. hav ing reference to the retirement of Mr. P. M'Douagh from the i.rovcrmucut priuting otltce, and his subse quent appointment to the dispatch branch of the Kducutionnl Department. By Air. ABIGAIL,— That there be laid upon the table of thn House copies of all letters, ruports, minutes or other docu ments having' reference to numerous charges made against .Mr. Qninan, uf the Fisheries Commissioners Department, together wkh a copy of the letter ol .Mr. J.P.Abbott to thu lixooutivo Council, on Mr. quiuan's behalf. ' By Mr. IE. STEPHEN,— That there bo laid upon the table of tins House a return sbowlug uutubor and otvd, in detail, respec tively, of Koyul Commissions appointed during the lust it) years, and tho duration of cucb. By AEr. STOKES,— That there be laid upon the table of this House copies of all letters, circulars minutes uud telegram sent from the Lauds Department, Sydney, to thechuir- mim of the Forbes Laud Hoard between January I, 1RS5, and September 3b, 1SS6, having reference to tho confirmation of conditional purchases ami rents of coiuliliou.il leases and confirmation of same : also a copy of all replies thereto from tho chairman of said board to thu Lauds Department. THE PRISONER REYNOLDS. Sir PATRICK J KNNINGS, in answer to AEr. H. STKl'HKN, said that it was intended that the law should be carried into effect in the caso of the condemned man Reynolds. (" Hear, hear.") PAPERS. The following paper were laid on the table and ordered to be printed : — Copies of the com missions issued in connection with the Ferndnle and Lithgow collieries. Copies of the official correspondence relating to the action taken towards obtaining supplies of sleepers and per manent way materials for the Wiloauuia end of the Forbes-Wilcanuia railway. THE CENTENARY. Sir PATRICK JENNINGS moved,— That this House will, to-morrow, resolve Itself iuto n Committee of ihe Whole to consider the following resolutions 1. That this House approves of steps being taken to ensure a due and fitting celebration of tho Centenary of the colony in the year 1888 ; aud that for the purposes of such cclubratiou a sum not exceeding £60.900 be expended. 2, That there he erected, at a cost uot exceeding £75,000 sterling, ou the site of tho present National Art Gallery of New South Wales, in the Domain, Syduey, a building, com memorative of tho centenary of the colony, to be designated "The Ccmenu.al Memorial-hall.' and to be used for the purposes of a National Art Gallery aud Technological Museum. The motion was agreed to. PATENTS AND DESIGNS BILL. The House went into committee for the further consideration of the Patents and De signs Bill, resuming at clause OU. Clause Ul was postponed, atiu verbal amendments were made iu other clauses. Clause 92 was being discussed when progress was reported. SUPPLY.. The House then went into Committee of Supply to consider the Estimates. Legislative Assembly, £9295 ; Speaker, £1500: In this item Sir Henry Parke had moved on the previous day a reduction of £300. Air. SHEPHERD expressed a hope that, this matter would be fully ventilated ; £1200 per annum he considered to be a handsome remun eration for the high position occupied by the Sneaker. "Mr. O'CONNOR said it must be patent to every person who looked into the matter that the civil scrvieo was growing to an exteut utterly beyond the needs of the colony. They were all responsible for the "prescut condition of affairs. They all agreed that retrenchment was wanted and soouer or later it would come, but a com prehensive scheme with this end in view should be drawn up by tho Government and sub mitted to the House. He did uot thiuk that | it was the right course to adopt to cut down tiie salaries piecemeal, and he was eertaiuly, averse to any reduction in the Speaker1) salary. The gentleman now occupying that position discharged his duties with the gteate/Dt credit. The salary attached to the office was not by any means too large, and the present Speaker was well worth the money. Mr. WILLIAMSON considered that it wars ab surd to reduce tho Speaker's salary as proposed. There were many other items on the Estimates that could bo reduced and substantial retrench ment be thereby effected. If hon. members wauled the chair tilled by au able occupant, they must pay the Speaker a snilieieut salary to secure the services of a gentleman worthy of so important au office. . Mr. DllJBS hoped that Sir Henry Parkcs would withdraw the amendment. No member of the Civil Service of this colony earned bin salary by such hard work as that performed by the Speaker. Could anyone say that the duties of the President of the Legislative Council, who received £1200 a year, could For oue moment be compared with thoje of the Speaker of the Legislative Assembly 'i What Sir Henry Paikes proposed was a cheese paring policy, the carrying out of which would be lowering the dignity of the House and tho country. (" Hear, liear.") AEr. BURNS intended to oppose the amend ment. There was no member of the House wuo could fill the chair so worthily as-tbe present Sneaker, whose remuneration was none too high for the duties he performed. He would oppose uot only a rcducLiou of the Speaker's salary, bnt also any rcductious of the salaries of the Chairman of Committees or tho Ministers. He regretted very much that this matter was being made a party question. Sir HENRI PARKKS admitted that there was a great deal of force in the observations hon. members had listened to to-night against retrenchment by reductions of salaries, aud &aid; that if anything could be a distasteful task to him, the moving of au ameudmcut of this kind was distasteful; but the Government had not attempted to carry out any system of retrench ment, and he asked, lookiug at the present con dition of the couutry, why should the public expenditure of this colony be increased 60 per cent, in four years ? A community of u million of pcoplo was being governed on a scale of ex penditure that ought to be sufficient for a com munity of IU millions. The bread-winuers in this country could not afford to be bled iu this manner. By some means we must bring our expenditure and our income into something lik'o a fair balance. As far us he could foresee, we would iu another year havo another deficit. (" Hear, hear.") It seemed to him inevitable that, at the rale we were now going, wo should have another deficit at the end of the year unless some resolute, determined course were taken. Unpleasant it would lie at all times to cut down a salary. Hon. members hud heard from some gentlemen who had just spoken, and notably from Air. O'Connor, that tho time was not opportune. Ii would never be opportune unless they made a beginning. (" Hoar, hear,") It would always be too soon or too late. (" Hour, hour.") They mud they had got to the ninth mouth of tho year. Whose fault was that 'I It only showed how completely the power was taken from the House by the horrid system of monthlv supply bills ; it only showed how completely the Mouse had lost all control of the public expenditure of the country. (" Hear, hoar.") A few words about tho great office of Hpeakor. By far the ablest Speaker we ever had was Air. 'Arnold. (" Hear, hear.") No other man who ever occupied the chair uf this House could bo compared with Air. Arnold iu point of natural ability, In point of his tenacious hold of all tho constitutional rights of Barliameut, in point of his assiduous atten tion to tho duties of the Chair. In moving this amendment ho (Sir Henry Parkcs) did so becauso this was tho first opportunity tlr.it presented itself. ('Hear, hear.") It was no reduction of salary. ("Hear, hear.") His motion was to restore tho salary whicli hud existed in this country for mora than a quarter of a century. ITu did not usk tho House to reduce the salary, but to restore it to what it was for-nll former Speakers. If £1200 a year was sufficient to induce a man of ths great capacity of Mr. Arnold to take the office, why was it not sufficient to indnco others ? They were not likely toseo an abler man thau AEr. Speaker Arnold. They would not effect much l»y rodnciug salaries, but at least they would set an example. (u Hear, hear.") How could they touch subordinate salaries if they passed over the high salaries? ("Hear, hear.") Conld they touch a salary that had retnuined at a certain figure at nil limes if they passed over this increase? for it was simply an increase which he asked theui to remit. He asked for no reduction, but he asked the House to restore tl\e salary to the amount which secured to them Sir Daniel Cooper, Sir John Hay — for night years — Sir Terence Aubrey Aturray and, that abler man than any of them, AEr. Arnold, and which secured to Sir George Wigram Allen — Mr. Daviks : " Aud the 'present Speaker' — and which secured to them Mr. Speaker Barton. Jle thought that, in the peri lous condition iu which this country was, drifting steadily and with fearful rapidity upon the breakers, hon. member would be justified in introducing a bill to reduce the judges' salaries. (".Hear, hear.") He said unhesi tatingly that those salaries were raised in an extravagant manner. Why, the Chief Justice of that great court the Supreme Court of tho United States, who had to travel from Washington to San Francisco, had a salary only equivalent to £25(M.i a year, and the Suptmno Court of the United Slates was one of the greatest judicial Benches, in point of the illustrious talent, in point of t ho power of the men who had adorned it, in the world. This House had made a great mistake in the course thev had taken in raising salaries right aud left. It was a part of the torrent of extravagance that set in about three years and t wo months ago — (" hear, hear ") — to which they owed nearly all the difficulties —("hear, hear") — iu which ihey found them selves struggling now like drowning men. How were they to escape except by their own energy and their own effort ? And it they wme to commence they had better commence at the beginning, and, reluctant ns he would lie to move in this direction at any time, seeing no hope of escape from the embarrassed condi tion of this country, with the increased causes of embarrassment which thoy accumulated around them within the last few days, he for one would go in for an) kind of retrenchment, and especially retronelimont iu the public salaries. He 'would not lend his hand to re ducing the really needed public works of .tins country. That was not retrenchment. (" Hear, hear.") He would give no assistance to dimi nish the necessary cost of public improvements. What was really wanted was to narrow down into something 'like reasonable limits— limits proportionate to the resources of the country — the civil service of thi colony. (" Hear, hear.") The army of civil servants tliey had would soon overmaster the couutry, and the men they pre tended to govern they would not have the power to govern, for the interests of the persons who ought to lie their servants would make them their masters. (Glieers.) He would not withdraw the amendment. Moreover, he should take this course stop by stop all through the Estimates. ("Hear, hear.") Liu should take it from a feeling of despair that the Go vernment did not intend to carry out. any scheme of retrenchment. As to the salary of that chair — no man ought to take it for the sake of the salary. (Gneers.) The man who stretched out his hand' to take that chair for the sake of the income attached to it was unworthy of the chair. That chair ought to be the symbol of Parlia mentary honor, and the person who went into it took the most honorable post in the country. ; The salary attached to it was enough to afford ! reasonable support for any occupant to main tain himself as a gentleman. ALore than that was nut wanted. When they reached the Minister' salaries they might have to deal with them. He did not think they were too high, and lie was glad to say that those salaries had never been increased since the old iiominec days. Nevertheless, the existing circumstances might- justify their reduction. ("Bear, hear.") AEr. AEELVILEjE said it was all very well for the hon. member for St. Leonards to talk of retrenchment now. Who was it that had spent tens of thousands in bringing foreign labor to the Australian market ? Sir Heurv Parkes had expended vast sums of money in tho reproduc tive works of the colony, (Laughter, and Opposition cheers.) He might mention that one of tho Shakespearian quotations of the hon. member for West .Sydney was before his mind when he made the statement which seemed to amuse the other side of the House. Air. ABIGAIL: J.t must have been the graveyard scene. (Loud laughter.) Sir." MELVILLE: It wus a graveyard scone, iu which tliey saw the political ghost of the hon. member for St. Leonards, with the lion, member of West Syduev holdiug tho sheet. All. ABIGAIL rose to order, ami submitted that the hon. member had no right to waste time in the service of the Itonse. He was the paid whip of the Government. That he could not deny, and lie (Air. Abigail) had frequently noticed that when there was any time to /be consumed ho came to the rescue of the Govern ment, aud he also noticed that when spekiug he frequently looked at the clock. The CHAIRMAN ruled that tho fftebate must be confined to the question before the com mittee — the roductiou of the Speaker's salary. AEr. G ARRETT said that w-uen the increase was proposed by the Stuart Government he opposed it, and iu view of'Hie financial position of the country he would support the proposal for a reduction from $7f500 to £1200 a year. Mr. ABLGAlL sagd that wheu the increase was proposed Mr. Sipeaker Barton himself moved the reductiou of tjhe item from £1500 to £1200 a year. ACorer/vor, Mr. Lyue tho present Minister for VVorks, on the same occasion opposed the increase on the ground of economy. And, surely, /If economy was necessary tlieu it was more necessary now. If the House allowed this iteui/to pass, how could they touch the salaries 'pf civil servants receiving only £200 a year ? ' Mr FORSYTH thought that it was impos sible/ to take up the question of reducing salaries at the present time. H would be much batter to dispense with civil servants uot re quired than to reduce salaries. The Government now in power had had no time lo deal with this 'matter of retrenchment. But there was no doubt that they would be obliged to take action towards this end before very long. Afr. DI BBS did not think the llousc would do itself the iujustico of voting for the amend ment. Mr. KIDD deprecated tho waste of time that had taken place iu connection with this mutter, lie would support a reduction in next year's estimates, but he considered that, seeing that nine months of the year had passed, it would bo a most dangerous tluug to deal with the salaries at the present time. Mr. O'SULIVEVAN was very, anxious to see a reduction in tho Civil service, "l>ut it should be a reductiou in numbers and not in salaries. It was a very paltry thing to commence to reduce the salaries in this way. Those who raised tho cry of retrenchment were not the persons who should do so, as some of them — especially the member for St. Leonards— had beeu guilty of great extravagance in connectio'n with Go vernments of the past. He contended that no gentleiunn had occupied the position of Speaker with mora credit lhau the present one, and he was' surprised nt members who were in favor of payment of members advocating this reduc tion. He should ever set his face against re duction in wages eithor iu the Civil Service or out of it. Al>. DAVTES, in order to be consistent, felt that he would havo to vote lor the amend ment. He had a high veneration for the gen tleman now occupying the chair, but it was not a question of salary with the Speaker, but rather a matter of the honor connected with the office, that ie.l him to take the position and to continue iu it. Air. (>. A. LLOYD .held that this question was not a party one at nil. Those who hud ad vocated the reductiou in the Speaker's salary hud not done so out of any disrespect tor the Speaker or with regard to his impartiality or ability. Air. WALL thought that the personal refer ence to tho occupaut of tho chair had lowered the dignity of the House, and he regretted exceedingly the statements that hnd been made. Mr. R. B. WILKINSON would vote for a scheme of retrenchment if brought forward at the proper time and iu the proper manner. Atr. IE. STEPHEN deprecated the discussion on the ground ihut it was derogatory to the dignity of the Chair. ( The amendment was negatived by 23 votes to 10. "Chairman of Committees, £800." AEr. LLOYD moved us an ameudmcut that the sum be reduced by £1100. The amendment w'as negatived by 27 votes to 7. The estimate was then agreed to. Under the heading of Legislative Council and Assembly, £2005, Air. GARLAND tgoved the omission of the item "stableman " £105. Tho motiou was negatived by 2ff to 9, anu the ostiniato was passed. As were also tho estimates Parliamentary Librnrv £1755, Parlia mentary Reporting Staff £41125? Tho estimate, Colonial Secretary £8002, being submitted, Sir HENRY PARKES pointed out tho extra vagant increase which had taken place iu the Colonial Secretary's Department, and lie moved the reductiou of the estimate by £1000, which represented the amount of increaso of tho pre sent year. AEr. Dl. BBS said the hon. member mndq no allowance for the growth of the colony aud the couauquent increase of work lit his department. He would rend a Htateiuout to show the extent lo which the work hud iucnjnsed. He romiqded the hou. member of his extravagance whilo in the department, whenfim expended some £50,001) in works of art without Parliamentary au thority. Sir HENRY PARKES said let any member bring forward any resolution with reference lo his pureliu?ert of art treasures, and he would be prepared to defend everything he had done, but to impute these charges against him when he had no opportunity of defending him self was ungcutlemauly, unfair and dishonor able. Ho challenged unyono to bring forward a resolution ou the subjuot. Indeed ho. would be ghul if any hon. member would do so, lie would now say that before inakisg these pur- chases he explained to Parliament what the Government intended to do with a part of tho Garden Palace, aud no objection was takeu. These works of art were purchased for the pur pose of being placed in that building. 11 had been said that he made those purchases without the knowledgo of his colleagues, whereas he had a letter of credit from the Government, and he never went beyond. The amount was about £lfi, (JUU, and uot the exag- A gorated sum stated by the Colonial Secretary. '&T; The item was agreed lo. The item £4170, Aborigines Protection Board, was passed. The military vote was postponed, a special day to be set apart for its discussion. The llousc adjourned at 1.4U p.m. 