Thf Ret. H. Laurence And Me. Gribble. From the Victorian Express. Sir. — " Carnarvonite's " letter is so evidently written with perfect good faith, and without a suspicion that there is anything else to be said about the matter with which it deals, that it deserves, the most respectful treat ment. The Gascoyne settlers, how ever, seem to mo to be most unfor tunate in the choice of their advo- cates in the press. AVith the excep- of the leaders in the West Australian almost all that has been written has been quite naive in its self-betrayal. " Car- narvonite " for instance introduces his claim to give an impartial account by the avowal that he and his fellow settlers were quite content with things as they were, that is, without a clergyman, aud without anything be ing done to christianise the natives. Seeing no necessity for a missionary at all he must be a very impartial judge of how the mission should be con ducted, and of the balance of gain and loss arising from it. In your same issue another settler has his \ sneer at the Government for giving / precedence to cases against white 1ft men over those against natives, and naively, enough the instances he gives are of police giving precedence to cases of homicide over cases of stealing. AVhat civilised Government does otherwise? The great mistake the whole body of the settlers seem to make is that if the mission is to be conducted at all it must be carried on in ways which approve themselves to them. But why ? They are not ask ed to approve of Mr. Gribble's me thods. They are not asked to main- tain him. He may have behaved in such a way as quite to justify them in ' withholding their support, in having nothing to |do with him. Almost everyone thinks the journal he has published excuses if it does not justi fy such an attitude as that. I have not met a single person who defends its publication. AVhat it dv>es not justify is the imperious demand for Mr. Gribble's recall, without as far as the public are aware, any sort of charge against him except that of not pleasing the settlers. AV"hat it would not justify is the withdrawal of the Bishop's license without any ecclesias tical offence, or indeed the withdrawal of the Missionary Committee's sup port, after having brought Mr. Grib ble and his family round here from their flourishing work among the ab originals of Riverina ; or again, which we have heard desiderated, the de nunciation of him for his mistakes by his brother clergy at a moment when he is standing alone against a whole district confident in its power to stamp him out. We are asked to consider, without any charge being made, much less proved, the mere fact of the whole district being against him a sufficient condemnation. How can we do this and remember how a whole district besought Mr. Gribble's master " to depart out of their coasts ? " How can wo do this when we find that what most moves their abhor rence is his use of a few prayers and other words from our marriage ser- , vice in the case of two natives at the- mission to whom the missionary was trying to give the first rudimentary notion of something sacred in the ( union of the sexes. And this from men who show no horror at the far greater sacrilege of the bodies of Christians, the temples of the Holy Ghost, the members of Christ, being desecrated by deeds of lust with those same natives ! Is our marriage ser vice more sacred than our persons ? I am not defending Mr. Gribble. I am grieved to the heart that he should have thrown away the opportunity of ' influencing for good a body of young f\ men thrown into circumstances of ex ceptional difficulty, yet preserving their self-respect, their desire that others should respect them, their self- command among temptations to ex cesses of various kinds, and who, I verily believe, in those points in which some of them have yielded, would have b en thankful to anyone who would have helped them to take a better way. But what I do wish to persuade them to do, is to let Mr. Gribble alone, and not try by methods which they think brutal and cowardly in Ireland, to prevent his doing his work in his own way. Such a resort » to might will only make people think the right is on his side, and it is not English. If he interferes unjustifi ably with them or their servants let them put the facts, not their feelings about them, before the Bishop or the Committee, and they will receive the most careful consideration. If t ey really think they have experience enough of missionary work among savage tribes to warrant them in pointing out faults in Mr. Gribble's work among the aborigines, the Com mittee will bo glad to hear from them, even if it cannot agree with them ; but let them give the mission fair play even if they hate and disapprove of it, and then they put themselves in the right. Yours, HENEY LATJEENCE. One word as to your own sugges tion. I have for many years been urging that some Christian teaching ( should be given to natives at Rottnest. Bit no one can think it the most hope ful field. Who would begin with the criminals in attempting to teach a new religion to a nation ? Who does not know that it is quite as much through domestic culture as through scriptural instruction that the first seeds of better things spring up among degraded races ? By all means let us tackle Eottnest, but not for that give up the Gascoyne Mission and take Mr. Gribble from much more congenial work. H.L. 