MONDAY, MARChI 1, 1886. Tire brood of political ingrates in the s North Gippsland electorate seems to be more numerous Ith:l was at first imagined ; and, what is worse, tlhe c generation of vipers of 1886 was, if we may accept tile assurance of an infllen. tial Bairnsdale journal, preceded by an elder one in 1883. There is, however, soime difference Ietween the two races. The genus is thle same, but tihe species I diverge, and the habitat must be sought for elsewhere. To-day they are, I according to the latest Sale authority, to be found only amongst Constitiu tionalists, while those of three years ago were, alas, part and parcel of the great and magnanimous Lilberal party. If this assertion Ibe unslupported by fact, we can only plead in our defence that the Hairniedsale Advertiser voclhes fur its truth in the leading columns of its last issue. Hear what our northern contemporary says in reference to the claim made by the supporters of Mr lLlntlis on the ground of gratitude : " Gratitude, forsootll-a mere subter "fuge and election cry. Did this " district, on the same grounds, three "years ago not owe a debt of gratitude " to Mr MI'LEA.tN Most assuredly it "did; libut was the cry of ' gratitude' " then raised by the Radicals Most "assuredly not; for they foiught as " ihard itas they ere mentally ani " phllysically able to do against him, and "they circulated as many falsehoods "and disingenuous allegations against "hint as their imaginative minds coull "invent. That was tie description of " gratitude the adicalils manifested ill S1883 towards Mr lM'LE:.\s, and yet, "witlh ail the sophistry of their " traitorous nature, they unblushingly " preacl ' gratiti.de ' on Mr HAItiis's "lbehalf. They read homilies which " they 1raetise not, fur though Mr " M'KE.S's Suppllolters made the same "plea on the last occasion as Mr " I-IAnns's friends do now, the Radicals "tlhrew him over and went for an old " hat which had proveda altter failure "and an untried mani. Had there " been the ghost of a shlow to upset [Mr "M'LxEAs now, they WOuil do so, "gratitude due to hiis notwithstand "ing." This is truly awfil. Here we have a samrle of a far more " thankless and ungrateful child" than Sale could ever show. We contented ourselves with drawing the attention of the electors to the high qualifications of Mr DAvIs for the office which lie seeks at their hands, and to his proved etli ciency in the service which lie has ren dered to them in municipal business. But the northern journal goes so far as to accuse the party of having attempted three years ago to supplant Mr M'LEA.t " with a HAnaIIl or anL ANDREW," and to declare that our senior member "nas spared from politieal sacrifice on the Radical altar" only by the fact that in the division there were enough clear headed and sober-minuided tmen to avert it, and it continues further---"Though, "as we have observed, the Radicals "w'ould, three years ago, have foisted "on the country a parliamentary repre "sentative of ia very mediocre descrip "tion in Ilace of the intelligent, con "sistent and honorable ALLAN M'LEAN, " they are now, it appears, extremely " anxious to tack their present candi "date to our late senior member's coat " tails, and so get a lift through him ,into the House again." It is clear that there is a strong feeling il Iairns dale that it by no means follows that even i member who has dlone his duty to his constituents should be returned again without any reference whatever to political considerations. In listening to the objections imiade against the can didature of Mr DAVs, one wouhl al most be induced to believe that the Liberal party were quite innocent of any desire to retuirn their men to the new Parliamuent, and that their most fervent wish is that the GILLiES-DExAKIN Ministry shouli be well supportedl. There are few greater mistakes. The leading Liberal journal in Melbourne, from which the minor organs of the party in the provinces take their cie, has been notable ever since it became public that the latei Government in tended to retire, for its fierce attempts to round up the Radical forces, andil only in its issue of Satulrdly it declares that the great object is to get as manyii Liberals put into the new Assembly as possible. It is simply incredible that, given another candidate oil thei side who woull be likely to runii with Mr Haluius to the exclusio. n of .Mr M'LE.N froi, the Ilouse, the iparty woutll nlot take hiii up. llThee arare exceptions, we known, but these exceltitins wouldl be nleiitlmer inulerois nor intfltential lenoughl to affect tihe working of thet rule. THi: receniitly lpasseid measure entitled the Factories and Shopis Act comes I into force to-day. Its provisions are so iniierois, mind ilemil itli so lily i subjects, that it is iiuluossible to com wess tliemi into anything like ani ordiary paragr:ahl, and we can only I irepeat tile recoummendation whlichl we gavo when dealing with the Licensing I Act, and advlise those of olir reailers siwhom thi niiw law will aitffict to piir-i chaise a copy of the Act and study it iat their leisure. Slhopls in which retail iuusilllnsses are carried on colie under the clauses of the Act, andi thle followr ing summnary of thle lurincillal regula- 6 lations affecting retail traldes lhas beena publishedl:--" With regardl to shops,a thie Act legislates that all other tlamnc chlemists' shops, coffee houses, confec tioners', eating lhouses, fislh and oyster sllopls, fruit iand vegetable shopsi, res- I tauranuts, tobacconists' sliloS, and book- t sellers and news agents shopsi, and otlher than such as nilty be liceunsed to remaini open ait niighlt under anly bIy- lawe imadle uidler authority of the Act, are t to le closed every eveOIing of tile week, excepting Saturdayi , at seven o'clock, andl oni S:tutrday night at ten o'clock. a On a day iimnuediately precelding a Imlblic hIolilay slhopls imaiy keep open until tenl o'clock. Powelr is given to nmunicipal coiuncils, on petition, to umake iy-lnaws fixing the lhoirs of closing of shops in thIe thlird sclhedulle, or extend ing thIe hours of closing o oother slhopls. Thie petition must lie sigiineld by a iiajority of the sllolkeelpel- in tile dis trlict keeping slhopls of the cliass to be t allTetetl. A nuunicipal council may also liiiit the total iinuiiiiiber of lhours p iersons may be enlployed in shops 1 licensed to remain open at night, but the limit is not to be less than eight j hours a day or night. Sitting accom- g modation and intervals of rest are to be it provided for persons employed in shops; but it is obvious that to enforce this provision inl its integrity will be a nmat tr ter of difficulty. The final clauses of a the Act relate to the recovery of fines and penalties under its provisions, and the modifications which may be made to fur'ther its working by the Governor in-Council." We think that in the case of such legislation as thie Licensing Actand the SFactories and Shops Act, it brief sum e mary, intelligible to the non- professionnl e public, should be prepared, which woult s at least give those affected by the pro 0 visions of the measure some idea of P their duties and responsibilities. Both the laws mentioned are lengthy and elaborate, and it is too rmuch to expect the general public to make themselves acquainted with all the requirements of thle statutes, while it is rather hard that their first acquaintance with their new responsibilities should possibly be made on the floor of a police court at considerable personal expense and inl convenience. We throw out this hint to the authorities, in tile hope that before any prosecution is entered under the Act which came in force a few hours ago, possible defendants may not he taken by surprise, and that they may be given some little warning before they are summoned for breaking regulations of the existence of which they-almost universally, we should say-are entirely ignorant. We have received two letters in reference to the proposed line of route of the )argo rail way, both of which will appear in our next. Owing to great pressure of advertisements on our colunms, a portion of our Melbourne letter and a large amounl t of correspondence alt other items are unavoidably hehl over. The altered list of the dates and places of the I:ippsland licensiug courts will be fomol elsewhere. \\\e observe that Mr Howitt, in addition to taking part in these courts, is also gazetted to act at seven others, amsongst thetm being P'reston and Heidel berg. We would draw the attention of our roaders interested in the licensing transfer sitting to the 79th section of the act, which requires seven days' notice to be given to the clerks of the courts, and to the inspector ; and to the necessity of inserting a notice in a the local newspaper. The fallowiug are the chief items of European telegnophic news :-Earl Gran- t ville has assured tile agents-general that lhe will endeavour to prevent any further an nexation by foreign powers in the Pacific. \--The position of the King of Greece is con. sidered critical, as his action in submitting t to the powers s has caused great dissatisfac- I tion to his subjects.-The medical advisers 0 or Lord Salisbury have ordered him abroad a for the benefit of his hecalth.-Earl Granville j has announced that a cosmnittee has been ap- 1 pointed to confer with the agents- general, regarding a scheme for rendering the Im perial forces available for tihe defence of the colonies. The Sale Assizes collmmence to-morrow 1 morning at 10 o'clock, before Mr Justice I Hliginootloamo. The calendar, whilch ap- i peared in our last, is a lengthy one, and thei proceedings are likely to be protractedl. The Iishop of Melbourne preached yes terday in St. Paul's Church, for the last time in Sale, aml probably for the last time in the colony. In the mornhig His Lordshlip conducted a confinlmtion'service, at whlichl 23 young persons, 13 females and S males, presentel themselves. Tihe building was tilled to'overflowing. The bishop addressed the eonfinlees in an eloquent and practical I discourse, pointing out the serious nature of the duties and responsibilities which they I had taken upon tlhemselves on tihe occsion. Dr. Moorhouse preached in the eveninig, and in the course of a feeling and practicalo sermon, implored those present to avail 1 themselves of the opportunities which were placed before them, remarkion, at the close of his discourse tlhat hie shoulT never again address them. The bishop was visibly affecteol during his closing sentences, and o tihe congbegation generally were also deeply imoupressed by his reomar'ks. The choir ren dered the musical portion of the service very creditably. Drill-instructor Jeffrey, V.M.R., will drill i the Gippsland detachments, Victorian i mounted rifles, as follows :-Trafalgar. March 1 (dismounted), S p.m.; Yarrageon, March 2 (dismounted), 7.30 p.m.; Drouin, March 3 (guard mounting), 7 :30 p.m. ; Glene garry, larch 4 (dismounted), 7.30 p.m. lHeylield, Malrchl 5 (monlted), 5.30 p.m.; (laflfra, March 6 (dismounted), 2 p.m.; Sale, ( March S (mounted with rifles), 6.30 p.m. ; Itosedale, Marchll 9 (guard mounting), 7.:10 p.m.; Morwell, IMarch 10 (dismounted with rilles), 7.30 p m. ; 3le, March 11 (molnted without rifles) 6.30 p.m. ; Trafalgar, March 12 (moounted without rifles), 6.30 p.m. ; Yar ragon, March 13 (mounted without rifles); 2 p.m. ; )rouin, March 15 (dismounted with rifles), 7.:30 p.m.: Glengarry, .March 1i (mounted with rifles), 6 p.m. ; Heyfield, March 17 (dismounted with rifles), 7.30 p.m. ; Maffra, March IS (dismounted with rifles), 7.10 p.m. A conmmittee meeting of the Sale turf club was held oil Saturday afternoon at the Iloyal Exehange hotel, when tlhere were present-Capt. Russell (il the chair), ,lessrs 31. L. Paterson, T. 1i. Little, T. t Norton, \W. 11. C. Thlomson, D. L:unb and the secretary. The statement of receipts and expenditure in connection with thie late annual mleting was submitted, and showed a most satisfactory state of affairs, there being a credit balance in favour of the cllub to the amount of £71 18s ld, the total receipts being set downl at £jS3 s anod tile expendliture £13 7S db. Accounts amoount ilg to £124 17s ail were passedl for payment, as also were thle prizes, after lwhich tlhe moeeting adjorned. t A meeting of thle coouoittee of thle Agri cultural society was lhell in tlhe Club hotel on Saturolay. A letter was recived from thle acting secretary to thle IRonyal Coomis sion of Victoria stating that tihe colnis sioners were desiroos of makiog a collection of gralinl in tile Victorianl colrt at the Colonial and Ildiau Exhiilition to be ope00cd in Lo dol in Maly next, anad asking tile coopera tion of thle society anid tlheir assistance in ob tailing' exhibsit.s I also foronardlcd a 0num oer of grai0 entry forms, askilng that thlese hlie forwardedl to likely elxhibittos il thle dis tcict, ando rorotesting that particalars of the proposedl exhlihit be lilteol in anod returned as soon as possible, lwhen labelcs anl railoway 1 certificates will be immoediiately forwarded - to tthem. Last year's prize list was revised c asd adoptedl ; judlges and steCwards were also appoioted for thle autumnu sholow. Mr :0. f dMackintosh ldesiredl to say a frew worls in regardl to a mootion whlich had heenl carriedl at a proeviols meetinlg, that thle prize list libe not advertised in the newspapers. lie ire licvedl in adolvcrtising ton a limiteld extent, 0and hlie suggested thalt ian eplitomisedl list be givel to thle papers, for wsitthout doilg tlhis they coull not expect a very large nnmiboer : of cslxhibits It was agreedl to to carry oot :1r olackintosh's propori tiono. The memblers of thle Sale rille club are requested to attCendl at tile butts, Coolun.o gooluh, on Frilday niext ith llst., on whrichl occeasiol thle lirst comlpetition for a mIilitary saldlle will taike place. Sworl in memcobers of the club only are eligible to compet. A coveyanece wrill leave thle Criterion HoItel for thle hbutts at 10 o'clock n.m. tl A voluhteer encautnipinent will blie lhell at Easter at Quecnsclillb, ando thle captain of thle Sale dletachmenlt molulted rilles, has re ceived ajn noler from Coloncl 'Price, thie omt mandling otticer, notifying tlSht inen m0st join thle eam: on Thursday night. 20 April, and will not Ie allowed to leave until tile folloowing Molnday eveninog. Moen aol Iorses will e conveyedl free of expeoneo to 0omle place aot iot a dlay's march from tlhe eollnp, and ,hrlile in thle oounp woill he foragled a0ld ratioellcd free of expenlse. ('Captoains of detotconluentsl are reouolested to foroooard lefore Arlil ist thle r1111111)1o1" of mIeIOn and loorsea likely to attend thle icamp. A return mlo atclh was played between tSle Iatirnslale .and lMatfra cricket clolo on Saturtlay hast, onl thle groundl of thle former, rcsultiog in a wii for thle visiting toasm by seven rouls. "'loe gaene thrlloulgllholt was very keculy conotetedl, and l muchl exciteilcnt pre- - vailed. Thle following areas lre gazetted as temporarily reservcd from sale :--Two ih roods sixteen perches, townshlip of Orbost, l us a site for a mnechanics' ilnstitate; clven S perches andl a half, parish of Stratford, s as a site for railvay parposes; two acres, parish of \Walhalla, as a site for a State sheool. S. The accounts of thle Sale and Rosedalo cometries are published in last week's R gazette] e \ork at the first portion of the Sale canal is progressing satisfactorily, and the con tractor, Mr T. G. Mattinson, expects to have it finished within the specified time. There are now from sixty to eighty men engaged on the operations, and they appear to give general satisfaction to their employer. No horses and drays are employed in re moving the earth, as Mr Mattinson finds it -smuch cheaper to use earth scoops, of which there are eight to tell in use at the present time. The kind employed are Chesney's patent autolmatic earth scoop, the frame work of which is supported by three iron wheels, while the scoop itself is a square iron box and is regulated by means of a lever. Tile implement in question costs about £35. The contractor, previous to using these, gave the skid scoops a trial, but the old style of machine was found to lose half of the earth before it was out on the tip, and iMr Mattinson then resorted to the one mentioned above which removes the earth at a much cheapcr rate, for at tie present time each scoop takes out on an average of from thirty six to thirty eight loads of earth per hoor. A piece of the work on the other side of the river at tile south approach is nearly completed. It consists in trimming the slopes and removing the earth from the hottom, and in order to keep the latter dry a California prump, worked by three mien is employed for a few hours during the day. Mr Walshe, the foreman of the works, very obligingly gave us such particulars as we requested as to the works and their progress. The locality now presents quite the ap pearance of a little township with its offices for the inspector and contractor, its hoard ing houses, its carpenter's and blacksmith's shops etc. Tihe total number of cattle trucks to lie loaded oni all lines for this week's Melbourne sales is 153. There will be despatelsd from Sale to-morrow three trucks for Messrs Powers Rutherford and Co., two for Dal. Campbell and Co., and one for A. MS'Lean and Co., from RIosedale, eight for A. Mi'Lan and Co., five each for Dal. Campbell and Co. andi Powers Rutherford and Co., and one each for It. Gilison and Co., Dougiharty Son and I'arker and the Mutual Live Stock Co. ; from Traralgon, three for Powers P.ntlier ford and oC,, and one for R. Gibsos anil Co. ; from lleyfiels, three for Peck and Co., and one for Dal. Campbell and Co.; from Cowwar, one for the iMutual Live Stock Co. ; from Morwell, one each for A. M'Lcan.andl Co., R. (ilbson and Co., and Doughiarty: Son and Parker. Whilst the fire engine was proceeding to the fire at Crosslca on Thursday evening last, the cap of one of'the axles was lost. We are reillested tdstiitetthst tile fidi er will oblige by forwarding it tr6Mr Horllny. STile qarterly meeting of the committe of the Gippsland auxiliary of.the British and a Foreign Bible society was heha in the vestry I of the Presbyterian Church, Raynlond-street, I on Friday evening. The members-presont were the Rev. J. S. H. loyec. in the chair, the Rev. i. M. Fergus, Messrs Howden, Mills, Dove, and the secretary, Mr WY. de T. Tracy. The mseeting was oppene.t iii the usual devotional manner, -and after; the , minutes of last meeting were read, a few a small accounts were passed for payment.:It b was decided to inform the:.Rev. Mr Rob- a johns, the travelling clerical agent, of the i timle fixed for the annualmneeting. 8th June 1 next, asking hint to be present on that date, g and should he not be able to come, to send a e supply. Liberal support has been already pro mised, says our Woodside correspondent, to the formation of a racingscluh, and the hold. ing of races allnnally on St. Patrick's Day.1 The stewarnls met on Wednesday ands drew P up a programme for next St. Patrick's Day, when prizes to. theammtnt.of £38 were ar ranged for. The meeting will be'under the V.ll.C. rules. Our correspotident..wsrites tlhat the weather has been 'ery chbangeable,*a ant although the season is a grand one for graders, te rain.. is seriously hindering a threshling operations. h " Augur," in the A tsaralasian, selects the following horses to till the places in the Australian Cup, to lie run for on Thlrsdays j next:-Winchester l 'i Ditto 2;' Stornsaway q or The Israelite 3.' , tl Early on Saturday n~rning a munler of a g very 'shocking nature was perpetrated in n SHotamm in a lhouse in a small right-.f-wcsyliffs i Villiers-street, close to the'Flcmiington road. t A youth lnmed Patrick Lullis; who had licei' a living ili the house of his throther- in-laws o William Byrne, a railway lalourer, stabedl d hini in the nteck, severisig the ciarotid artery, r and caunsing almost instasit deatih. It ap- t pears that the wife of deceased had had some words with himn anld herbrother. The prisoner being present interfered, and a si scullie ensued, durinsi which he gave Byrne o the fatal wound. iHe sas comasmitted for trial by thie coroner during tie day for wil fill murder.l ' The attention of farmnners, graziers, sparting t men, and others is directed to the "business t announcement of the Gippsland Hardware is Co., corner of York and Macalistcr streets, c which will he fonnd in our advertising b columns. 