PUT ASUNDER: OR LADY CASTLEMAINE'S DiyOEOE.' ? » ? By BERTHA M. OLAT, iUTHOB OF ' HIS ONE MISTAKE,' ' IBBOWS OH THE WOBLD,' ' A STBUOOLE FOB k BBtO,' 'A BITTEB AIOSEMBHT, ETC.' CHAPTER XXVII. (Continued.) pronounced Denbam House to be the finest mansion in' London. It had certainly the largest conservatory and the moBt extensive ground's. The night of tbe fete the Ma; moon was shining brightly— bo brightly at to form a beauty in itself no art could imitate ; tbe yellow lamps, half hidden in the trees although they were like golden stars, bad no snob light as the lady-moon— a orescent moon rising in a blue night-sky. Ah 1 what is it to be wealthy ; to be able to nnrrnnnd nne'B self with all that there iB ol tbe most beautiful, the most exquisite ; to be able to make a fairy-land even more lovely than that which the fairies make for them selves. To have the power of Harrying out every, beautiful idea that comes to an artistic mind. Lady Denbam was able to do this. Lady Denham or her guests were able to walk from the great drawing-room, where the hangings were of wbite-and-gold ; through the smaller room, where the hangings were of palest blue, and where two of Claude Lor raine's fineBt landscapes hung; through a . third room, where waB every luxury that art or money could procure ; through the magni ficent ball-room, with its painted ceiling, its fine etatues, and grand decorations ; through the great domed conservatory, where flowers of the richest color gave forth the moat fra grant perfume ; through the cool green fernery, where the light was dim, and the constant sound of wafer Slipping from the rooks was heard; through to the green lawn, where tall, noble trees lent their shade, and pretty foun tains threw their silvery spray bigh into tbe air— a perfect fairy-land. It had all the charm and beauty of a town residence, oombined with many ol the advan tages ol the country. The plaoe above all others for a masquerade. One oould imagine a golden-haired Undine among the rook-work, the cool ferns, and the tiny silvery fountains of the fernery. One oould . fancy Juliet, Rosamond, and Viola in the con servatory, flitting daintly among the bright blossoms, just as one might fancy royal women sweeping through that superb suite of rooms. Tbe roll of carriages was like tbu distant vibration of thunder, on the night of the fete. Vast crowds had assembled, hoping to catch even one glimpse of the brilliant figures that emerged from them. The house waB like a paradise of flowers and lights. The brilliant rooms were not crowded, but they were well filled with guests. Never was scene more beautiful, more dazzling. ' Mary of Sootland, in her ooif and veil, with a silvery rosary chining in her blank velvet dress ; the royal Elizabeth, in cloth of gold, and a jewelled crown; Katberine of Yalois, fair of face and stately of mein ; Eatherine of Mediois, magnificent and imperious ; Joan of Arc, tall ana lair ; Marguerite, with a wealth of golden hair; Cleopatra, with the imperial robes of an empress. On they swept, that imperial procession of women. Every epoch in history, every figure most remarkable in art, in fiction, in poetry, was there. Undine, looking as though she had just risen from the * fountain ; Beatrix Oenoi, Amy Bobsart, Di Vernon— a brilliant, yet, in some respeots, a motley crowd. Italian peasants, Italian brigands, French chevaliers, Spanish grandees, gipsies, Swiss mountaineers. Borne of the gentlemen wore the richest and most picturesque of dresses. There was Biohard Oceur de Lion ; the Black Prince; at leait tout OhatUs's. One of the most striking figures in the room was that of s Knight Templar in the picturesque attire of his order. AU wore masks, and no mask was to be re moved Until enpper-time. The disguises were good and well sustained. Lady West lake, who represented a Water-Lily, talked for twenty minutes with Oswald Olydo, tbe poet; without recognizing him, although he was dressed as a Troubadour, and ebe talked afterward abont tbe Troubadour she had met at the ball, and she declared that the one -longing of her lite was to meet him again. Lady Hfa**'1'1 went »B Flora MacDonald, and was one of . the moat animated figures in the scene. Troubadours, fairies, gipsies, all in one mad whirb . The Knight Templar was . oonspicnous among the men, and -a masked figure called the 8now Queen was conspicuous among the women, tall and dazzlingly white. A-elender figure, which was .the perfection of girlish grace— a perfect Snow Queen. Her dress was of white velvet. The snow was represented \- by the finest and whitest of the swan's down, the icicles by diamonds; the rounded white \- arms bare to the shoulders, the graceful nesk clasped Jiy a necklace ot what looked like frosted diamonds— so white, so virginal, so dtniUngly beautiful, no radiantly fair, thgt the Bobw Queen was pronounced on all sides the greatest feneoesB. Another very beautiful figure was called ,iDawn. This was also a tall, graceful figure, \- iftJaWKdln pale Tow-oolorea tulle, in whioh ; : f TWere finest flecks of gold ; diamonds formed 1 tJO^Atip .present a orown of stars graced a ? beaoHM.qneenTyhewl.' Dawn was closely mukea; -nd. wore her itaguuw *nlL The Bnow Qoeen was tidy OulsmiJne.- Dawn was tatoevajoe; tori Oaittimtlnt wort \- Ihepirturesque $m 01 VVtrwHan- noble ' ' ..im»v£vv -.-??- -?:???-?. '???:;-*?: v ?{.-:- --. The only ptreon who seemed to recognize Lady Oaellcmaino was Lady Heathers. ' I should know yon,' she whispered, ' where others' would fail ; you are taller than most of the ladies present, and I ehonld linow you anywhere by the carriage of your head. I shall not betray yon,' she added, ' though I am going to take advantage of the masks and sneak my mind to several people to night.' ' That will not be an unusual luxury for you,' was the laughing reply. ' It will be in the fashion. I shall do it to night,' she answered. 'I think tho chief beauty of a masquerade is that for once one may say just what one likes.' No one seemed to reoognize Lady Castle mainc. ? As the hours passed tbe scene grew more brilliant ; the lights eumed to' grow brighter. Tne scenes were like fairy-land ; an artist who could have sketched some of those groups- would have made his fortune by the beauty of his painting?. There was one group that drew much at tention ; Undine in her white dress and white water lilies contrasting with Mary Stuart, in her rich velvet dress ; the Venetian noble in his superb costume of crimson velvet and point lace. They were only together for a few minutes, but no piotare could nave been more beautiful as the dangers danced together, as the differ . ent groupB formed and reformed, it seemed as though all the different colors of tho rain botrmet, and broke up, and broke away into a thousand gleaming lights and shades ; where the radiant Snow Queen stood, or danced, or sat^sbe seemed to make the light brighter. The Knight Templar walked abont restlessly ; he had not yet penetrated the eecretB of the different disguises. His attention had ' been drawn for sometime to the Snow Queen; he half-imagined that it must be Lady Castle maine — she was tall, and had euoh a peoutiarly frond oarriage of her head. He smiled as he thought to himself that it was hardly wonderful that he should not know her when her taoe was hidden, for all the time he had passed with her had been spent in watching the perfection of that face. It it were Lady Oattlermins, he resolved npon beguiling her into a long conversation with him. He would persuade her to go into the conservatory, where the flowers breathed such rich perfume, er into the oool, green fernery, where the moonlight was brighter than the faint glow of the lamps, and he would see if the fnture held any hope for him. He seemed to have come to his senses with a sudden shook. It was oharaoteristto of him that the first Rreot, real love of his life ehonld be for the wrong person. H» never thought of checking or controlling his love beoause Lady Castlemaine was married. Marriage, the sanctity of married life, tbe holiness of tbe marriage tie had never formed the slightest barrier between him and his desire. He hardly gave it a thought. It waB the first time in his life that be had fallen deeply, Saesionately in love,' all his other pursuits ad been fancies— the foolish pursuit of pretty faces ; this was a very different matter. The pride and the coldness of Lady Oastlematne only deepened his love. If ehe would have flirted 'with him, bave en- couraged him, bave given him smiles in re turn for his profuse compliments, all would have been well, but she was ' a goddess in the clouds,' She liked talking to him, she con sidered him a great hero, she enjoyed bis stories and hiB anecdotes, she thought him one of the most distinguished of men, bnt ehe never deigned even to listen to compliments, implied flattery, or implied love-making, it was that that made tbe pursuit of her t»U the more piquant to him. Tne map who bad broken so many hearts, who had ruined so many homes, who had -blighted so many lives, the man who had for gotten that the true test of a soldier is not only his bravery in the battle field, but his reverence for women— this man had fallen in love at last, and, as a matter of coarse with a man like himself, had fallen in love with one whom he could never marry. CHAPTER XXVIII. ' PICTUBES FBOSI TOE HASQUERiDH.' PMure thefint, in a group ot tall, slender palms in the background, nestling at their feet a gronp of rich Indian bloBBoms, Boarlet in colour, Bhaped like a bell, fragrant with rich odours, that belong to flowers of tbe East. A gronp of tall white orchids on one side, a magnificent mass of stephanotis on tbe other, between a prettily covered iron seat. On it sit the beautiful figure already known through the room as Dawn, in the charm ing blush of pale rose and gold, and a tall, aristooratio figure in the drees of a 'Venetian nobleman. Lord Oastlemaine not only had no taste for flirtation, but he despised it ; he considered it, and had the frankness to say go, always the refuge of a weak mind. ' When a woman has few charms of mind,' Lord Onstlemaine was accustomed to observe — ' when ehelacks in telligence, wit, and poetry, she takes to flirtation, because ehe can do no better. When a man lacks brightness and intel lect, he does the same.' Flirtation was a fault of which be had never been guilty, and for whioh he bad little toler ation. ' There was no trace of it in his manner now, ss he leaned over the seat, talking earnestly .to Dawn. \- A faint light reached them, and it came filtered through the white orchids ; sweet soundsreachedtbem.the ' Sweetheart Waltz' was being played in the ball-room, and from the fernery came the sound of the rippling water as it fell from the rocky stones to the moss-gicen below. ' I cannot imagine who you are,' he said, ' that you oan say such a thing to me, above all other men.' 'Have you no idea who I am?' asked a low voioe, the sweetness of whioh was dis guised by a faint whisper. 11 Not the least, but I should Bay from your observation to me that you oannot know much of me, and that you know still less abont my affairs.' 'So you imagine,' said beautiful Dawn. ' Is there nothing familiar either in my face or figure 7' , He looked at her coriously. 11 The light is so faint,' he said, ' and you speak in a whisper. No, I have not the least idea who you are.' 'lam surprised,' she said; 'yet I have lived in the world long enough not to be euTprised.atanything. Do you think any dis guise would prevent you from knowing your own wife 1 ' ' 'No, none,' he replied. Bnt then, yon see, she it my wife. That just makes the differ ence.' 'And I ought to have been,' thought beautiful Dawn to herself, ' I, and no other.' ' If you do not know me,' he said, ' it was a startling remark to make; 'if yon do not know me, the remark is even more strange.' ' I am not quite sure,' she said, 'if I re member what my remark was.' ' So much the better,' he answered. ' It ?hows, at least, there was bo meaning in it.' ' Will yon mind telling me what it was ? ' ehe asked, slowly. ' Yon said that I was happily married— yet I had not married the one woman in the world who loved me but.' She drew a beautiful 'bongh of the white orchids to herself and bent, her taoe over them. ? ? ' How sweat they an I' the said. ' I am aura that orchids must have grown in the gar den of Eden.' . - 'Hever mind the orchids,' he said, draw ing the white bloom from her. What did you mtanr* ' Givo me your hand,' she said. 'Hay, draw off your {golden broidered glove, or it will be of little nee to me.' ? He did Co, and placed before her a strong, supple white hand— the dean, honest hand of an upright man. She touohed it with hers. 'Let me see it more plainly,' she said, parting with the other hand the branches of tbe orobids. ' She looked at it long and steadily. The gweot, sad musio of tbe 'Sweetheart Waltz' came from the ballroom, and the ripple of water from the fernery; there were no other sounds. It seemed to her that be must hear the quick beating of her heart. She bad never held bis hand in her own so long before. While she held it, she repeated the vow that she had whispered to tbe white lilacs. Then suddenly she let it fall. ' I am a fortune-teller, after a fashion,' she said, 'a fashion that holds good in the Moorish camp, and among the gipBies of Spain.' ' She cannot possibly be a Spaniard— she speaks English too well'1 he thought. ' And what has that to do with my for tune ?' be asked. She looked at him thoughtfully. II Tour fortune has interested me. I know you, although you do not recognize me, and what I read in your face I bavo read now in your hand. My ideas are confirmed.' From the white orchid and the Btephanotis came a great gust of perfume ; the ripple of the water was sweeter and stronger ' And your ideas are ? ' ' Jnst what I said,' she interrupted. ' First that you did not marry the one woman in the world who loved you best ; and now in your hand I read all. It is better not to speak about it.' ' I should like to know,' he persisted. ' Well if the old Moorish teaching be right, it is not good fortune that lies in that strong white bond ot yours.' He smiled. 'What fortune does lie there 7' he asked. 'Tell me.' 11 A sad one,' Bhe replied ; ' There is a sodden and violent termination to the line of love, and there are some terrible lines ol pain.' 'What, do you deduce- from that?' he asked. 'Nothing,' she replied; it is for you to draw what deductions you will.' ' I draw none,' be replied ; ' I have firm faith.' His heart beat and his face flashed as it al ways did when he thought of his beautiful Gertrude, whom he should love unto death. ' Ton will remember my words some day,' «h» «M II 1 hope It will be only to laugh at them,' he replied. Just then the mnsio ceased, and several people oame into the conservatory. Daws suddenly rose and shook her long skirts ol pale pink and flecks of gold, and before he could sty more, she had vanished from among the slender green palms and left him there. Picture the teennd, — The pale crescent moon is rising in dark sky, and its light penetrates into the aool green fernery, where the lamps, like pale golden stars, are half hidden by the green leaves, where the feme grow strong and moist, and the rippling water falls from the etones to tbe soft springing moss. A sub dued light, as of pale gold, lingers there. In the midst of the rook-work there stands a tall fountain, the spray of whioh rises high in the air, the music ot which, as tbe spray falls into the marne basin, is soft and sweet to£ha ear. By the fountain stand some elegabt bamboo chairs, easy and luxurious as chairs can be. In one of them sits the white and radiant Snow Queen. She looked bright and attrac tive enough in the ball-room ; but here, in the soft light, among the tall feathery ferns and the ripple of running wBter, ehe looks dazzling, the one centre of white and light in that ocean of green. She lies back thoughtfully in her chair ; tbe snowy robes form graceful billows around her and sweep the ground;'thelight falls on the diamond stars, and trembles in the dia-, mond ioieles ; her lovely face is pale ; she has removed her glove, and laid her hand in the dimpling, restless water of the fountain. A shadow falls over the green terns and the water, and the 'tall figure of the Knight Templar draws near. He stands for a few minutes in eilentcontempl&tion; ot what seems to him the most ohorming picture he has ever beheld. 11 Eve in the Garden ol Eden was never one half so fair,' he said to himself. Then he went up to the bright white figure. 11 The Queen of Snow,' he said, with a pro found bow. ' Would that I were a Knight of the Frost and the Ice.' ' Ton look muoh better of you are,' replied a laughing voice. . . '-Supposing-,' he said, 'that you had some very fragrant roses, and you tried to hide them between green leaves, so that no one could discover them, the perfume would be sure to steal through the UaveB and betray the rotes.' ' Quite sore ? ' was tbe laughing reply. 'If a bright, golden star was shining, you oould not, unless you. closed your eyes, help seeing it?' ' Certainly not,' was the answer. ' If the sweetest music was stealing softly round, yon oould not help hearing while yout ears were open and your senses alive. So, so,' he continued,' passionately, 'you may hide the fair loveliness of your face, you may diEgniBS the tone of your voice, bnt I shonld know yon among ten thousand. Yon are Lady OBBtlemaine, aid you have rightly called your self the Snow Queen.' -''~ ' Just as you have oalled yourself a Knight Templar ; you are Colonel Lennox.' 11 You make me tbe proudest man in the world,' he said. ' I have not given you much reason for sud denly occupying suoh a very exalted position,' she said. ' You are always satirical to me,' he said. ' And you will persist in being sentimental with me, ehe replied. 'You are cruel to me,' he said. 'The flowers that lie on your heart are happy be cause you breathe on them; they love the fresh, sweet water dimpling round your fin gers; they must be happy because you oaresa them, while I, who would give my life for a smile, or a kind word, can never win either.' She roBe from her seal, a dazzling white figure, tall, hanghty, and erect. ' I am Lady Castlemaine,' she said, ' and you are Colonel Lennox, but I am haltin clined to forbid yon. ever to enter my presence again.' 'Why?' he cried, despairingly. 'Because I do no not like those labored compliments of yours. I deoline ts be com pared to roses, or musio, or stars.' ' I will never do it again,' be said :' never.' ' You promise me most faithfully 7' ehe asked. ' I promise, on my wora,' he replied. ' Then you oan sit down here, and we will go on talking.' And with a oareleEE grace she resumed her seat. ' Picture the Third,— la the great drawing room of white and gold Indy Heathen, as Flora MacDonald, sits leaning languidly on a dark velvet chair. She was talking most con: fldentislly to a handsome man who wore the dress of Sir Walter Baleigh. 'Tea,' ehe was saying, '1 have enjoyed tbe first part ot the evening better than I shall the second. We are to unmask at supper, then, so for as I am concerned all the pleasure of the night is .over. I have enjoyed some things exceedingly.' - 'You always cxtraot plenty ol amusement: from everybody,' said her companion. 'That it one happy faculty I envy you. 'I have been talking to the poet, ana he dldnotknowme. I h»d the pleaiore of abusing his poems, his themes, and his ideas to his fate, which, yon will admit was a treat to me,' ' I oan well imagine that it was so,' he an ?wend, alowly, 'He will never suspect. Poor Oswald I We are very good friends to all outward ap pearances ; but I have often longed to give him a bit of my mind, and now he has had it.' . And Lady Heathers began to discuss tbe characters of the eveoing. 'I have found ent thft Knight Templar,' she said. ' That handsome, brave, graceless Colonel Lennox. How tbe poet hates him 1' ' He is Bure to do en. The man who wrote ' The Laves of the Lilies' would never toler ate a man of the Colonel's stamp.' Then Sir Walter IWleigh bent bis head, and whispered to her. Lady Heathers listened with a sorrowful ex pression of face. ' No,' ehe replied, ' I had not heard.' ' Not a whisper ?' asked her companion. 'No not even a whisper,' said Lady Heathers, ' and I am with her every day.' ' Have you seen him with her?' he asked. ' Yes, oontinually. I have been at Neath House onoe with him.' ' And yon Ban nothing ?' ' Less than nothing. Lady Casllemaine is too proud and too oo|d. She will never be talked about.' ' But she U talked about. Lord Merton told me.' * ? ' I do not believe a word about it. Remem ber,' she added, raising one white finger warninRly to him, ' no t-cuuld about Queen Elizabeth-' He laughed, and moved away. Picture tlit fourth, and the (cut.— Beautiful Dawn, standing iu her room alone, still flashed with triumph. ' He did not know me,' ehe was saying to herself. I came from nnder the same root True I did not go there in tho same carriage. I have pierced hie heart, and he will never suBpect me. I am nearer— to the end.' CHAPTEH XXVI. THE WIFj'B TnDJS OUABDIAN. Lord Oastlemaine was just a little puzzled ; not suspicious, bat puzzled, He hod nothing to be suspicious over. Ho was in the reading room of his olub, his face and head hidden by a copy of tbe Times, on which he was intent. Two memberaof the club, both well known to him, came in and sat down close to him, without perceiving him. , They had evidently been deeply engrossed in conversation, and thev continued it now. 11 There is nothing in it,' Paid one to the other. ' I know her well. I am cure there there is nothing in it.' ' It is seldom you find smoke without fire,' said the other. ' I do not know. I fral sure this is all smoke. How many such rumors are born and die in a day.' This was spoken by Sir Harvey Hope, who always took a bright and hopeful view cf thiDgs. Colonel Charters, who answered him, was a man who took a dark view of everything. 11 Trne,' ho replied, ' but I think there is generally some cause for them. I am sorry in this case, for I have a sincere liking for the lady, and tbe husband too.' 'I do not believe it,' said Sir Harvey Hope. ' I know them both, husband ana wife, and I do not think there is a happier pair in London.' ' I must admit the came thing,' said tbe dark-minded colonel ; ' whenever I have seen them together they have seemed most united, most devoted to eaah other. I was utterly astonished.' * 'Bat what did you hear,' asked Sir Harvey, ' only foolish rumours ?' ' I heard the same old story — that he had gone mad over her.' 11 That it -ot her fault,' interposed Sir Harvey. ' She oannot be blamed for that,' ' Certainly opt ; but knowing the character of the man, ehe should not give him the lightest enoourtgement. When he wa^ in England before; there was always some scandal or other eboot him,' ' That is not- her fault either,' interrupted Bir Harvey, f 'True; hut it should make her careful,' eaid the colonel. ' Probably, being young and unBCoastomed tp the world, she knows nothing whatever of the evil side of his reputation, and only knows him as one of the bravest offioera in Eng land.-1' ?' ' Then her bUBband should look after her,' grumbled tbe colonel. 'I have no patience with tbe men of to-day ; they sit by, in silent inactivity, while their wives go straight to ruin. I oannot tell what they are made of,' ' This is rather a sweeping assertion,' taid Lord Caettanaine, laying down hfs paper, and looking both gentlemen in Hie taoe. They could not have been mote horrified tf they had suddenly seen a ghost. Sir Harvey'i : ruddy face suddenly turned pale, and Colonel Charters, in his agitation, almost: dropped his cigar ; hut Lord Castlemaine was serenely ' anconeciocs ; he had not the most remote : idea the conversation had been about him; he would not have believed ii it either ol them had sworn it. , . .?* 'That is a sweeping assertion. Charter;,™ he saitagain ; ' and, do you think, quite de * I am sorry to sty I believe it to be per fectly true. I ara*mazed at theindinerent, callous fashion in which husbands tee young and beantifuljtfives launched on the very tea of fashion, dissipation, and excitement, and make no fffoit whatever, to help keep Asm safe. I say tnujt amazes me. A husband should be the gutr3iun of-his wife.' Sir Harvey Hope laughed ; but his lite wH not a bright one. ... . 'I do not. think many wives would like that notion,' hesud. - ' Lord Castlemaine remarked: ' I am prond ot tba reputation the Castle maines have always enjoyed, of being good husbands.' ' The two gentlemen looked at eaoh other. Their-eyes met, but they «poke no word. 'It wonW-be indiscreet,' he continued, ',to askatv/iom you.were speaking?' ..- .... . SIT Harvey admitted that it wooU. TJtt Ootael was silent. - . . :.^ ' 'tiould not help ovorheaiingitheoonVersS Hod, ' he said, ' and it in no matter ot ' mine — no business whatever of mine; but if I understand you rightly, rumour it busy with the name of some young and beautiful yotng lady.' ' , ??- ..-./., Tho two friends looked at each other strangely. .... ' That is it,' replied Sir Harvey. .., 'That samt man describes himself, as going mad about her, while she is a married woman?' -' .'? . ?. . .,.. 'True,' nodded the oolnnel. - . . He wished himself far away, and evidently thought the less -aid the better. ' If she S« married^ She has a huibtoa to' to take care of -her, I -suppose, and ito keep all such men at* distance/' eaid Lord Oastle maine. ^ ? ~f- ' \ Bothgentlemen nodded, hot did not answer. The situation, to, say JBio least of it, was piquant and psoulito. - , jli' . .''... ' 1 should very quickly dflito8 wn*' f° °° in his case, be he whom he mky,' continued. And CtBtlemaine. MUheKuidareatospeak in that way of any mtrrjedjaily, let her hus band take op her defence. :-5rhere is no need to whisper it in oomerf. iXiit herhnsbt»a find % whip with a strong lath -then let him 'seek out the coward who' has bo spoken of hiB wife andltBh him in public. . One or two such examples would once eueh scoun drels ot trying to make, love to other men1! Again the two gentlemen looked helplessly one at the other.. 'That is the light thing to do,' added Lord Oastlemaine. - ' To quarrel with each a man it to encourage him ; to fight with him would be to dignify him. The right thing it to horsewhip him.' 'How can you horsewhip a gentleman?' asked the colonel, helplesdy. 'A gentleman 1' repeated Lord Oastle maine, with infinite scorn. ' We are not epeaking of gentlomen; we are speaking of cowards and traitors, who have no respeot for women, and no respect for the honour of their fellow-men. We do not call such persons ? gentlemen.' I would brand BUoh men, I be lieve ; ' and Lord Oastlenraine's face ehone with a noble light as he spoke. ' I believe in tbe sanotity of marriage and in the honour of women.' 'A noble fellow,' thought the colonel; ' but what a situation 1 ' 'Curious things will happen,' he said, aloud. ' The world is pretty much what it has always been. The eins of Adam and Eve, of Cain and Abel, of David and Solomon, are our sins.' ' We may all be sinners,' said Lord Oastle maine, ' that lies between as and our God; we may all be at the same time loyal end honest men, that lies between us and our fel low creatures,' Colonel Charters rose from his seat end yawned as politely as possible. Sir Harvey imitatedjbim as quickly. Lord Oasflemaine wonderefewhy their interest in the Bubject died so soon, and why they seemed in snob, a hurry to leave. ' I am going your way,' said Sir Harvey to the colonel ; ' shall we go together ? ' Toe two gentlemen left the olub together, arm in arm. 11 Ot all the etrange things,' eaid Sir Harvey, solemnly, ' That is the strangest. To think that we shonld have gone into the very room where he waB, have token seats near him, yet not have notioed it was he.' 'And to think that within sound of his own ears we'should have discussed his wife and Colonel Lennox.' ' He has not tho faintest idea ol whom we were speaking,' said Sir Harvey. ' Not in the least,' replied the colonel. ' It wonld not have been a pleasant honr for us if be hod done sc, and it would have been harder still for Lennox.' 'Yes,' said Sir Harvey, with a grim smile ; 'even his victories in Zululand, the Vic toria cross, and all tbe honours he bos re ceived would not have saved him from that terrible whip.' (To be ccntinnrA. ) 