ECHOES OF MELBOURNE. (BY Ticr Girosa.) Considering the very " mixed" aspect of parties, and the disorganization of the Assembly, fair progress has Leon made :with the business of .the country. The Irrigation Bill has bean got through Com ilittee, and only awaits its third readine before being banded over to the tender mercies of the Council. Members,in sheer weariness of spirit appear to have accepted the Government proposals in regard to riparian rights of property owners, and although Messrs. Gillies and Deakin have "backed down" considerably, and mate rially modified the clauses without which the measure, according to these authorities wouldprove unworkable, it remains to be seen whether the Upper House -will rest satisfied with the conccessions to "vested rights," or insist on preserving intact the privileges of the possessors of water frontages, who in many instances paid a high price for the land on account of its position. Party con siderations have less weight in the upper chamber than in the "popular" house, and it may therefore come to pass that after all, the "smag'us opus" of the session, "'rThe Great Irrigation scheme," upon which the second coalition ministry maiy be said to have floated into existence, may come to naught and haveto be abandoned. Messrs. Deakin and Gillies have so often and so energetically asserted that unless the whole of the rivers, lakes, and streams of the colony are handed over to their con trol, irrigation on any extended plan will be impossible, that it will be curious to sed what course the Government will take if "the bottom is knocked out" of their pet project- a contingency by. the way far from unlikely. If the Government is not a united and happy family the Opposition is in no better plight. During the week this was made all too plain in regard to two of the enfaitse lerriblcs of the band that sit to Mr. Speaker'sloft-Messrs. W. C. Smith and, Gaunibn. These two 'hoonourable gentle men, under the influence'6f the conviviali ties incidental to the annual dinner of the Victorian railway employes, allowed their unruly tongues to wag too freely in regard to Mlr. Speight and his two brother Rail way Commissioners, and not only did Mir. Speight's underlings-as bccomes godd and faithful servants, dependent on tile greatman for their present position amid future promotion--hasten to assure tlje chairman that the utterances of the tJo M.'sP. did not meet their approval, bthl the Opposition tooki up the cudgels don behalf of the maligned trio, and refused to endorse the sentiments of the two oratots' at the banquet and actisally, though soma-1 what mildly it be must be confessed,l blessed where thsy were woirt to curse and repudiated the Uiallar to Colonel and the chosen representative of, South Melbourne, as their mouthpiece o:is regard to railway management under::thh commissioners' regime. s.o The utterances of Sir James Martiti anl Sir Patrick . Jonning, who, at a banquse tendered in Sydney to the Frenclh co sulate agent, wont out of tlidir wi~y.t place themselves in opposition to the senti ments. of all. Australasia in rdgaird to thb French occupation of the Now Heb?ide4 have been the theme of miuch adverse conm ment. 'The speeches might have been per mitted to pass with the contempt thme merit, were it not for the official position of the two recreant knights in the sistte colony, where one occupies the post of Chief Justice, and the other is, unfortu nately, Premier. Carried away by "thu exuberance of' their own verbosity," or something else, the two orators have given vent to ' sentiments which not only will find no echo beyond a few disloyal persons in Sydney, but will awaken widespread and strongly expressed feelings of disgust and shame among the vast majority of the people of Australasia. The colony that did so numch to assert its loyalty to tile mother country by sending her soldiers to the Soudan to assist in fighting their Queen's battles, should hasten to repudiate the cringing, time-serving pair who have done so much to rob her of her good name, ancd who, ignorant of the drift of public opinion, ore yet presumptuous and vain enough to arrogate to themselves the right of speaking on behalf of others. yIenceforth newspapers will have to mind their p's and q's. The Legislative Assembly in its wisdom, has refused to assimilate tholaw in regard to journals publislhed in Victoria to that which obtains in England. At present any journal report ing the proceedings of a public meeting will be compelled to omit mention of allremarks made by the various speakers in disparagement of tany public function ary or private individual under pain of being cast in damages for libel if unable to "justify " the aspersions of the critics. Like Monsieur Jonrdain, in Moliere's comedy of " Le Bourgeois Gentilhomme," who had been talking prose all his life without being aware of the fact, news papers in Victoria have hitherto been in the habit of giving full and faithful reports of all the speeches delivered at public meetings, and have used their own discretion in regard to damaging state moents made respecting people reflected on by the various orators. The debate in the Assembly has robbed them now of tihe plea of ignorance in regard to their trans grcssions, and henceforth the morning paper will be devoid of one of its chief sources of attraction. The world now is just as ready ma it was in Larochefoucauld's time to tlake pleasure in the misfortunes of its friends, and spicy little bits of suandal aro generally welcome reading to most people, and more especially to such of the community as know the individuals " gib betted "at public meetings. The Victorian Assembly by its vote on Wednesday even ing has virtually decided that itis unsafe to grant to the journalists of the colony a privilege enjoyed by the Press of the mother country. As "one good turn de serves another," the Press should recipro cate the compliment by insisting on the passing of a bill curbing the license of speech in Parliament. In " the good old days,' honourable gentlemen uttering olfensive or hinsulting remarks, were corl polled to afford the injured one "tlhe reparation of a gentleman." Now their only punishment is the contempt of their fellow membcrs-a penalty apparently not very much drea'lcd if one may judge by the frequency with which it is incurred. "The privilege of Parliament" is in very truth a remnant of barbarism, for the continuance of which there is in the pro sent day not even the shadow of an ex cuso. With what rapidity thoe recollection of great crimes fades from the public mind is now being exemplified. The grave has hardly closed over the remains of the victims of the murder and suicide of Williams and his wife, and the tragedy is already almost forgotten. The oyster shop, the scene of the double tragedy is no longer besieged by a curious crowd of sensation mongers, anxious to see the knife with which the death blows were dealt, the stains left by the blood of the victims and the surroundings of the crime, but is now besieged by an eager crowd of sight seers intently gaping at a large octopus, dis played in the window of the next door fish shop. Septcmber 28. 