— : - " The Bewitched King | fAN EPISODE IN THE HISTORY OF BOHEMIA. fif. By HAROLD W. H. STEPHEN. .a V CHAPTER IY. the castle in the woods. 6A; ' 111 the midst of the dark forest which ' stretches away from Prague to the north, lay a small, still, lake, so secluded and hemmed in by tall pine trees that it seemed altogether removed from the world, and fitted only for the use of the curlew and bittern, and other birds of melancholy disposition. Ho joyous ripple ever disturbed its glassy surface; no fierce storm ever a lashed its waters to frenzy : it wa,s always calm and still and sombre — in fact, just , such a place for a despairing lover to prowl around aud think of suicide. Fortunately, in the days when that, lake rejoiced in its primeval loneliness, young people had other things to do besides despairing and committing suicide : so the evil reputation _ which the place undoubtedly possessed was not enhanced by any such records: of human follyr " - j Nevertheless tfie 'peasantry of the -j district rejoiced in an ample store of weird legends of the lake. It was supposed by them to be inhabited by a nixe of extraordinary beauty and malevolence, who had sung her siren song to many a wanderer by its shore, and lured many a knight to a watery grave. But. these peasants were all charcoal-burners,, and eharcoal-burners haye from time imme- morial been mixed up with sprites, ' gnomes, and demons, to such an extent ; that their evidence can scarceiy be. accepted as reliable in such matters. lln Alia TlAln f hAnrairnM VIA AAVJ nyiTWUl tueie TTclS 110 a doubt ; at certain seasons the ghost of a departed king, who had been foully v murdered and thrown into the lake, arose from thefitB waters like 0'Donoghue|trom A Killarney, and indulged in a iiromenade / a a cheval ovsr its moonlit surface. This i ghost was born as the Elf-king, and its (TV appearance, was always attended' with a disaster to the royal family of Bohemia, f' , In the centre of the lake, on a little inland, a former king, (the. Elf-king, in ; fact) had caused a hunting castle to be //erected, and connected it with the main- land by a long causeway, planted with ; . lime and chestnut trees. This castle had for some time been a 1 / favourite resort of the Kings of Bohemia '; \- but, since the Elf-king had taken it into //-.. his head to re-visit the scene of his death, it had been inhabited only by its custo- Adian &nd; his family, and neither the : ..present king nor his predecessor ha:l ever /set foot within its walls. ' Nevertheless it was this castle that . 'King Johann Franz Amadous Rudolph Conrad Joseph Marie ' Heinrich Albrccht . Friedrich Karl Moritz Nepomuc elected ".-/as the place for his- cannibal feasts. a Ilis \- Majesty hoped that, the evil reputation | "of. the castle would serve to deter his royal spouse from seeking to accompany ' her lord on his expeditions ; aud he was hot disappointed, for, not only the Queen, |r;hut every lady- of the Court, solemnly declared that nothihg would induce liur to her person in such uncanny quarters, jjp .. Tlie King expressed his regret very )f Politely, but neither offered to persuade .-flthp, ladies to yield, nor consented to .give up the expedition ; but, on the contrary despatched a. stock of furniture - and gpfrovisicins in advanco.- and shortly after : Iqjlowed, with a retinue, composed of five i meraoers ot tm fnvy Council, and N company of his body guards. Arrived at the castle, His Majesty sent ) : or a cook. r This important porsoiiaga- was a- man 7 wejlon in' years, of 'grave, aud' reverend- aspect a man properly respecting his -/'calling, and having nothing in common jiAvith the modern chef except the white freadgeav and apron of his office. He entered the royal presence' with the -..confidence of a conscientious servant ; /neither faltering nor cringing, but respect fully, as became a nnui summoned to an interview with his royal master. ' - /;« When the usher had loft the room Hie King began ' /' . .// _ .£v "We have sent for you, master. cook,' on a most- important matter. You wb ' sent here some days ago with the convoy — with that convoy were sixty-two babies. Did they arrive in safety ?" "They did, your Majesty, and are carefully bestowed in the picture gallery, under the care of two of my assistants, who, being fathers themselves, know liow to do what is needful for the littlo ones," "riTis well," said the King. "Kuow now what is to be the fate of those "babies— we are going to eat them." " Going to— what ! !" exclaimed the cook, surprised into forgetf ulness of his respect. " Surely I cauuot- have heard aright 1 Your Majesty never means to eat those poor little creatures ?" "Question not, knave!" replied the King' "It is thy duty to obey. Cook me one of those babies for supper this evening." | "But, your Majesty" — pleaded the COok. : / I "Let up. !". interrupted the King — " If thou dost thy duty Awell tliou shall have rich reward ; but - if thou failest — - tcluck !" and his Alaj esty made a certain noise and gesture demonstrative of the process of hanging. What , could the poor cook do ? He whs in a tight place, and tosave.his neck was forceil tq promise obedience.- — "All serene," said the King — " you do your work and act on tlie square by me, and I'll do the square thing by you." "I'll do my best," replied the cook, "but I have- no experience in cooking babies. It is ticklish meat to meddle with, and I confess I' don't see my way clear. How would they do stewed m poit wine sauce The King shook his head. "The savages, I am told, always bake such meat. I should like mine baked, I think— with a roast apple in its mouth." "Your Majesty shall be obeyed," said the cook — "I must, however, crave the royal permission to dismember (t-he babe before it come3 to the table. I dare not let any of the servants know what kind of. meat they are serving. Even your Majesty could not save me if the secret got abroad." a" Be it so," replied the King— " We see tlie pull of your remarks, and give the permission to do what thou likest, so thou do not fail to provide us withwhat we require. Come now— we will ourselves select a baby for the supper to-night." So saying the King proceeded to the gallery, and, after dismissing the atten dants, carefully chose out a fine plump infant, which the cook conveyed away in a basket brought for the purpose. That night there was high revelry in the banqueting room of the castle, for His Majesty had supped famously off baked sucking pig (so the guests thought), and- was in rare good humour. When the dessert came on. however, and the servants had left' the /room, the King enlightened his convives, informing them that what they thought was sucking pig was in reality baked baby.. Then five noble lords," who had partaken of the dish, ffroseslowly and j sadly from" their seats, / and' silently | stalked out of the ' liall, and a "minute | later five forms might. have been seen loaning over the battlements, and gazing' intently into/the lake/below. They were also otherwise engaged, after -fashion: which it is needless to particnlarise. The King stayed for a week - at the castle, and enjoyed- himself, hugely, . hunting all day and :: supping every; evening off baked sucking -pig /(as it was ' termed in the . menu), but none of tlis courtiers ever again eviniced any disposi tion to share in His Majesty's dish. Experiontia does it, so.nio.tiines. CHAPTER V. the second show. Time passed, as he generally, clues : though by the. way it does not appear that auy one has ever been fortuna'e enough to sue him passing ; yet wiseacres are very fond of telling people to " take Time by the forelock." I liav.c grave "doubts as to whether it is respectful to" speak of the old party as if he. were a man, though I know he has a forelock, for I have seen his picture often, and. the fore- ! lock is always the principal -feature in i'. | As for catching hold of his forelock, I 1 think I shall have to get you to excuse me— the gentleman is armed with a formidable scy the,. which . might get into iirrt if T ' miAbn '»P- T - v. iuy jl gucoa x auumu ever ue thrown into his society I will nbt make myself intrusive at_ all; 'but- just quietly let/liim :travol. Well, Time passed, and there came a day when the King was informed that the last of the babies had been eaten. He called a meeting of the Privy Council, and laid the matter before them after this fashion ' " My Lords and Gentlemen, — We have summoned you together to inform you That a terrible disaster has befallen us. . We .arc out of babies. The 'small supply originally provided us lias run out, and your King has again to appeal to you for aid." "/'./a : ' '' . "May it please your/ Majesty," said the Lord High Chamberlain, " the subject of kcuping up a constant supply of your Majesty's favorite food has engaged our attention for some time, but I regret- to. say we have-not been able to see our way. Babies are at a premium at.pieseiit, and. unless your majesty will coudescend to put up with criminals, we fear you w;ll have to, subsist without humiin flesh in future."/ "Now by the sacred beard- of St. yepomuc, that will be never !" ruared the King, " Abstain from human flesh 1 And that when we feel it has given .us new life/already ?. Formerly we existed now we live! We run, we- jump, we laugh— we are in fact as lively as a young .buck rat on his first- war-jjathl Abstain from human food. isideed ! Not if we are aware of it. As for 'eating, criminals—" "once fnr all, we are not on'. No— will hold another Baby-'sliow." .. . \- Arguineht being evidently useless, the- Council. set to work to draw . up the programme, a copy of which has for- j tunately come to hand. It ran as follows : — Preliminary Announcement. On the afternoon of- Saturday, the 19th , instant, will be held at" the Hradschin Palace, ' A G R, A N D S H O W. . j Three Prizes for Boys, and Three for | Girls. " . ' Boys.. ; 1st Prize.— The title of Prince and Post of HereditaryGrand Toothpick, with a ! : salary of 20,000 gulden per annum. 2nd Prize.— The title of Count and' Post j of Hereditary Grand Corncutter, ! - witii a salary of 10,000 gulden per | . annum. > '-'' ' ; 3rd Prize.— The title of Baron and Post . I of Hereditary Grand Snuffbox /in- Waiting, with a salary of '5,000 \- gulden per annum. . ' Girls. 1st Prize. — The title of Princess and Post of Hereditary Grand Staylacer, with '- a salary of 20,000 gulden.per annum'./. 2nd Prize)—. The 'title of Countess, and Post of Hereditai-y. .-.Grauidi). Grog- mixer to the Queen., with a salary of 10,000 gulden per aunumi / 3rd Prize. — The title of Baroness and Post of Hereditary Grand Back- soracher, with a salary of 5,000 gulden'per annum.1 / Judge. — His Majesty the King. LVliTxiiUitiS. "T A liU iligU - ctUU > bli-UUili Countess of Stifelputz. - ; - The show will be confined to babies of noble race, and all unsuccessful competi tors will be forfeited for the use of the State. / - . Entries close "on the 18t-h inst. N.B. — Parents ai-e requested' to take notice that although it is uiilikely that they, will ever again meet in this world those of their children who do not take prizes, they may rest assured that the welfare of .their littlo ones will be tenderly cared for by the King, who will bestow them to the best "possible advantage, in accordance with the resolu tion of the Privy Council, and will take particular care . that they want for nothing hereafter. The Secretary of State for the Home Department will be in attendance at the Hradschid Palace every day from 2 till 4 p. in. to receive entries aud supply any further information . that may - be required. , - DO NOT FORGET. - A- GRAND BABY SHOW; r SIX MAGNIFICENT PRIZES. ' : Parents, secure the future of your , children by entering them for this show., By order of the King, ' / : ' Stiefelputz. ' Will it be believed ; that, /notwithstand ing the magnificent inducement held out 'in this programme,- the Secretary /of. State for the Home Department found . iiimself on the eve of the show without one singlolentry. . To say that the King stormed when this news Was conveyed to him, is to give no ? adequate idea of what he did do. Suffice; it, however, to say that ho made it so lively in/ the place that the next' morning the place looked as if a hurricane or tidal wave had" been around on the previous might. - / /Then began a Aweary period, duri ng' which His Majesty. felt life to be a burden; to him; and strove to make everybody' around hiui equally - "miserable. Whilst he was; cursing, and kicking, and hanging, aiid beheading, and drinking, and gene rally conducting himself in an objec tionable manner, the Queen.' good gentle lady, -bestowed upon him a son and heir. a'). . This joyful event served for a while to divert ti.e current of the King's thoughts, and, during the course of the festivities usual on such an occasion, he behaved' hiuiseli more after liis old fashion. / . But tiiis ha/ppy state of .things did not last Jong. Evil habits, once acquired, cling to a man with wonderful pertinacity, and, at least for a time; renew their j vigour in exact proportion to the opposition they meet with. Possibly, had our King determined of I113 own free will to overcome his abnormal appetite; he- might have conquered ; but lie had maue no such effort, and the impossibility ot obtaining satisfaction only added to his desire. -/ He addressed himself to tlie Privy Council ; but with 110 satisfactory resuit, for even the most pusillahimous amongst them had sufficient piuck to refrain from making any suggestion, and His Majesty found himself j on this occasion, as barren of id.>a as the rest. Then be tried .another, show,, admitting to the contest tlie offspring of any respec table parents. This/: also was a total failure, for the people had begun to suipect : - and, moreover,- mothers, amongst the lower orders, actually /lo ved their children too much' to sacrifice them at the shrine of ambition. Noblo ladies who have already got rank aiid wealth always want, more, but those who have not either do not fret about it. Crescit amor nummi quantum ipsa pecuniti crescit. ;/: - , \- His Majesty at last suggested kidnapp- ing a tew lilcely. oabies, promising not to indulge himself so- freely as heretofore,, but just to have one once in a way/ when the fit was 011 him.' ; To this the . 'Council- objected that discovery must come sooner or later, and the result would be ruin. They reminded the King that the public school system, introduced iff the early years of flis Majesty's reign, had already / 'begun. - to . bear its fruits'-; that' the young men. now knew liow to read, and were therefore dangerous, and that a revolution would j surely ensue if h;v were to put liis "project ! ii-io exceution.and by any chance it were discovered; / a// Tiie poor. King cursed his folly in it aking. provision for- the -education of a race of traitors ; but the mischief was done, for already the people we're crying out for manhood suffrage, vote by ballot, and other democratic abominations, and he was compelled to admit that trouble might ensue if liis plan/ were adopted. He remarked, however, that lie was not going to be euchred, a socond time, and ..issued an order for .the .withdrawal- /of-. Stato-aid to all schools/ and the. suppres sion of every journal in his dominions. ! Digression No. 3 —To be slcipped-by ihe;. intelligent reader if crowded for: time a\\- It might be thought that this strong measure; would. . have ' brought about- the re volution ' he dreaded ; but -the /King knew better. He knew that those who could not veacl despised the art, whilst those -.vhu could were not yet sufficiently aware of- their advantage to risk their neclcs to. obtain . it. -for others ; and- educated and non-educated alike despised" -the newspapers." You see; in those days; every man ' who c.ould' write at all .was inwardly, convinced that- if he gave Ms mind to it he":could write as well .as thdse- nevyspaper fellows ; and as for news, \vliy there never was anything in- the papers ! ; A Bohemian, in those days, would spend a couple "bf'/hours'-'over a- -'joui-hai; arid, then;pass iJ,qn-to Ijis neighbour ?j»ith- the- remark " There'sjiothing in it. "'.'Nobody does this nowadays; of- course- ; but it- is a fact that no man in tlitpse benighted' ti in 03 ever was known to lend a paper to: "a- fridrid . without accompanying the loan by the observation above quoted . People used to borrow papers then : now no /onq, with the slightest' self-resnect would ever; dream of doing such a- thing. /It, -may .here be" remarked thai)- .the repressive measures adopted by our King, had a moat salutary effect in checking the spread of education, arid bringing ;t he people back to their pristine state of ignorance arid bliss/ When they were.- a little educated they were dissatisfied and miserable, . when they knew! riothing ,they were contented and happy — which proves that a little learning is a dangerous thing. - f-I began this 'story intending simply to" . attempt to amuse the reader, but /I find that I cannot help occasionally instructing . instead. And it makes me" feel good," for - it must be admitted that ''hitherto I have riot been conspicuous as an educator. " I like to show, however, that I can $each if the fit takes me, and so I will continue to introduce little titbits" of. wisdom arid; instruction/ as/ occasions, offer. Besides, a-few details respecting the manners and. customs ' of the Bohemians cannot be regarded, as out 6f pace in an- historical-' tale, and 'I- ought to kuow a little about Bohemia; having lived there all. my . life./ ; /- -."a //; /// - ; CHAPTER' VI. : tIie queen and the . hermit. ... '/. -" The rising sun, peeping through the /shutters one fine morriing, awoke the Crown ;Pririce:qf . Boheriiia, who in turn woke his mother. - / -/ Then -began the - usual crowing-; cooing, petti'rigf/ 'dandling,' and tickling: process; familiar, to, all mothers siric/qihe Fall. ./Xt .' last the Queen, in toxica'ted ; . witlri tKe-idfev lights of; maternity, .'arrived at that state where participator - in her joys became a/ necessity;- arid- she, in her irirn,/ woke the King, by placing the s\ye6't' little cherub lri his arms. That is, she attempted -to: "wake' the' King, but was"not Immediately successful. Baby, after the. manner of his kind, opened liis ..darling little linrii.'h, in expectation of the usual /kiss.— (ri'l /do; babies . al ways open t heir mouths to 10-: ceiye a kiss ?- Dojthey know the hprrorhe average male has; to that feminine luxury, : ,a wet kiss?)— No result : followed the Baby's first offer, so he curiningly. deter- . mined to forage for himself and inconti nently proceeded to thrust- his little fingers intq his father's mouth, intending- of course to . open-it and receive the kiss he himself worild bestow. . -;. : . / Our King was at that moment enj lyiiig again in a dream the delights of: the past. Once more be was ' at t-lie Castle in/ the Forest, and - one iriore he was eatirig of ( he meat he loved. Tlie_Crow.ir"" Prmce!s ii rr-" gers were introduced ; at->'tt/ uippportrinq : moment, for His Majesty/s lips /-closed.- over - them with a delicious smaek . - and . presently liis teetli brouglit ari- unpltsant- conviction to the riund/of./ his si u and .heir, that. .'tlie /method/ of awakenii-g /Pa-pa .coulcl scarcely be regarded in the light of an unqualified'success. Let us draw a veil, over the scene that followed— it was not a pleasant one for any of the' parties concerned, and the less ' said about it the better. ". . . ' ; But thereffqm:tlie|King'"conceived an idea. '/ - /-' . -. //. Digression No. %—Tobe skipped by the intelligent fj'eadcr:. ifyt crmvded for time. " . ' / . /- a I must pause herevfor a moment to ob serve that ' kings, princes,- govei'uors, 'arid legislators,, have no business, irith ideas at .all.The true art of government is/to let; well-alone- and never originate.'. Reform- must come from - /without to be effective,1 and a mail of ideas is not a safe inaii to back-in the long run.' . Look f.or example at Napoleon III., the monarch of all others of this' century who was: troubled with, ideas. Any time during liis reign his downfall was prophesied, arid, after mak- . nig. France, by dint of his idea's, the won der and. admiration of theAyorld, he ended Oy ail J-UUa » ILOUnow XU. Cliiu.-Ul broken heart. . . / . -//_ Tlie idea conceived by our King was, that his duty .tOAhimself demanded; that; in Hid. pressing strait: to which /lie / was.-r'e- duced, ho shouldnot hesitid;e,taavaiL.hiiii- self of any means to savb Ida /-.life: arid reason. In otherAvords he deteiiniried to eat his own baby. - ' ' ; After fortifying himself for- the task by f- copious draughts : of lager-beer .and schnapps, .. mixed up into a drink called I Hund's-nase," he" proceeded 'to; break | the inatter gently to the Queen/ . Result/: j Hj'sterics. - - | V Tlie fnext vday/ri prpcoedings-majr /bo ' briefly snmiricd up /as; follows,:— Lageri j beer and schnapps, gei itle breaking :of / tlie / matter and 'inorc hysterics. And so ou 1 for five clayS ; during which the courtiers, as you may imagine, had a lively time. On the sixth day the Queen arose early in the morning- and slunk out of the castle by a postern gate, before any one was up, taking Baby with her. She was going home to her mother. /After walking a few miles, she sat/down to rest and fell asleep. She awoke, and found, a man standing over her. ' " It was-the Hermit of the /Dale, -the-, friend of Edward and Angelina— -the friend- of our youth, in fact. . ".My daughter," said lie, " whence this tliusness ? " . " Oh, father, " sobbed the poor Queen, '' ".you don't know — you don't know ! " j " I'll bet I do then," said, the Hermit. . \ "You do! You know what a that j vyreteh— that monster !— proposed ? " j . "I dp. He wants to.eat the kid,'' rer- qilie'd the Herniit, coolly - , knocking - the aslie's out of his pipe on the heels of his.j boot. / ; / - | " You know that? You know then I that Twill never submit ! A Never ! " /Ex- j claimed tlie Queen, drawing herself up to her full height (she-was f pur feet ten, aud . high heel boots /had; just - gone .out .of fashion.) " I arii gping tp my inamaj arid .Baby is going my d'arliiig ? ' My chickabiddy !;----. Did . they .- want to eat its" iiVu'dd"er's 'ittlepet ? The nasty, cruel brutes ! / - ' //-:/ 1" Biiby said they did,-and it was riiighty, \- rough 011 a" chap who wasn't able to take liis own part. This lie conveyed in lau- "guiige pi'rfectly comprehcrisible to . his mama, at any rate. . " Queen," said the Hermit, 'severely — "qu it that; fooling, : and lis ten. Obey my behests, and I .will pull you through." . " You will ? Oh, you- dear creature ? " exclaimed the Queen, after she had' taken the Babjs toe oufc of lier mouth. "I will. Now pay attention. Go back to the Castle. Go. to your husband ; tell, liini you .are sorry ; givp him the; baby, and— wait." . - /: - - -' '" -v " Go back to my husband ? Give him" ilie baby ? . Man, are you mad ?" cried the Queen, almost' choking with indigo natioir. : / a "Nay, lady," replied the Hermit sooth-, ingly, / " I am not mad. Follow my ad- ' vice and all will, bo well— -neglect it and you/will be. arrested before the day's out, and ruined for ever. Here— take a pull at this flask. It cbntaineth a rave cordial manufactured. by the sage N. S. E., which never failetli to cheer the. drooping heart and administer consolation to the afflic ted. . : ' . ' '. . :-;/ - / So saying the Hermit' handed a. curious .leather flask to the Queen, who put it to her lips and took a deep ;draught. \- " Dass schm eek t gut"! " she . exclaimed as she'wiped her lips witli'the baby's pina- fore,.-; . ; ; . :- ///" ' -' . - " Das3 mrigt . Ihr wettori ! " replied/ the Hermit. /" Es" ist rhuin aus Qveenslantj yierzig O.. P. ! But . lioiv- to business. Give the baby to the King-arid; tKeii wait/ Ixriijia'-ltis Majesty show any signs'of ill- /ripsssfind. hirii to : me. // I shall stay-in -Prague ' for a while at -the -. Gasthof zurii Yyiesseii/ Adler. .//It "is true /I am a' bush missionary.; but tramping, around the country at winter tiiiie- is'heavy work, 'and I regret . to ' say, the people are not; as .ffberal;ris they were. I shall stay in tPwn for a wliile/and start a 'comic paper. / The Queen cast a look. of admiration 011 s the great.boing in front of her ; :she. could ! riot speak, being overcome by emotion. ;/: After a few more words, and a further /-nlicitipri to iiie flask, they parted, and tlic Queeu retraced her steps to the OasticA ,; .. ' - / v /'a: ''''; Rll D ll O 11 II i \ f I tfsir I O ,'nL A. L .. a; - . rr\\. rr-u wcauic eiit? ucuuiiie. ;awarc of the Hermit's prognostication that- shc would be arrested before night-: fall, for she met a .troop of horsemen, whose leader in formed her that : parties had been sent out in every, direction to sea ch for her. — The Queen returned with them to the Hradschin. and lost rio t-ime in informing tlie enraged King that, after consideration, slie had determined to yield to his wish" and surH'uder her baby. A TP -A-trlightful news put His Majesty in a'gojd temper at once, and the rest of the day was .spent in-revelry and rejoicing. . CHAPTER VII. / / / A NOVEL FORM OF DYSPEPSIA.' a . . The King made a very squaro nneal iu the forest tlie next everiini?. and en invorl himself; hugely. His Majesty knew that his chances,, qf obtaining a further supply of his favourite food were but small, and therefore determined not- to stint him self. He was lolling' lazily in his armchair, listening to the chatter of tlje Graf von Leberw.urist, and picking his te'rith with his dagger, when thri first "fruits of his im prudence made themselves manifest. He felt a s idden sickness ; a strange qualm, altogether unlike anything he had before experienced. Turning to the Grand Cup bearer, he demanded a basin.- ' The |ccourtier3 were alarmed. ,) and crowded around him ; for, notwithstand ing his quick temper arid peculiar tastes, he. was beloved by his subjects, being, after all, what we should term, in the lan guage of tlie peri;>d,\" a" good sort," - in : many - particulars, resembling. ; that good King Renb-of Provence of whoiri Beran- ger sang :— - . J; " 11 ofaiit'un roi d'Yvetot, . Beu' cpn'nu cbins 1 h'istoire ' \- Selev;.nt tard/ secouchanttofc, " \- Donnantfort sein sans grloire. A Oh! Olil.Oh! Oh ! Ah ! Ah!:Ah! Ah! \- Quel hori iietit roi c'etait la ! . - 1//- a -A. ' ./ : : . -La! La!" / ;// -The basin was brought,1 but 110 satisfac tory resrilt followed ; rand; after soiiie hours of protracled agony. His Majesty. ..sank into a fitful : slumber, broken by drehiris. of the , most unpleasan t nature, ; in the.-, course of which ho performed ' rill manner/of extraordinary feats in the Way of cannibalism. / : /;. . v That. was an- anxious tinie.for the cour tiers,- who" knew not whatto do to alleyiato. ' their sovereign's, pairi, the Cogrt Physician j riot having accompanied the company to the castle. A courier was, however dis- patched for that functionary, and ordered, at peril of his .life, not to delay by the way. Of course nobody went to bed, and all was confusion in the castle ; 'a confusion, which culminated " into/ a/ panic, when shortly after midnight, a terrified sentinel came' rushing: into the dining hall, where the' courtiers were " assembled, and an- . uouriced that the Elf King had risen from the waters, and might -then be seen riding around the castle on his celebrated ,-st.eed, -which, like that- of The O'Doubghue possessed fins instead of hoofs, and was covered with scales like a mermaid. This terrible news completed the dis comfiture of the household, . and their courage evaporated so completely that the strongest, liquors in the' castle cellar failed to restore them to equanimity. Z "Shortly after day. break the Queen ar rived ; witii lier. suite, accompanied by the Court' Physician and .the ;Herniit qf .the Dale, the latter disguised as a Dominican friar. //". ;' : :"'/;:: ' " a;- Her Majesty, was at once ushered into the presence of her consort, who lay,, pale aud breathless, upon a.couch in a cham ber off the great hallr' 1' -':: : ".-/ ' / . .The Court Physician lost rio.tiinp in awakening 1 His Majesty; and inquiring j -into liis symptoms. - .; ; For all reply the King /gasped rind pointed to his, mouth. The Physician took hold of-' his .wrisjb,/ and pulled out his watch,, whilst every-., body present. held- his breath and anxious ly awaited tihe result. After the lapse of a niiriute or two, wliicli seemed an age to the bystanders, the. learned Doctor, laid the King's hand on the coverlet, and sighed after the most approved fashion. " '-Is lie very bad, doctor ? " asked the Queen. The medico shook his head. I regret, your Majesty," said he, "to . say that our beloved King is very bad—very bad, indeed. He must be blooded at :pnce, and leeches put to his forehead and armpits. These; with an', application of hot bricks to his royal feet,, and a cata plasm to the abdomen, will, I hope, tend to give His Majesty relief." ./ " Bo-oli ! " yelled the King, jun-ping up in bed. " Leeches ! Cataplasms ! Hot bricks !— Hang the man at once, before he murders me ! " ; : "Nay your Majesty," urged the Queen, " the a learned doctor - must know. best. Suffer bim to. do as he wishes." "Not if the prisouer is aware of it ! " exclaimed the King, jumping out of bed, arid beginning to truss his points — " I'll let the insolent rascal . know- who- lie has sot to deal with. Bleed me. will he ? I rather guess l. kriow wlio'll be tlie party to bleed ! " . : . . .. /' The . physician fell, / upon/ his knees. " Mercy, Great ZKing ! ".lie cried. " Thy servant did; but speak as it seemed tlie case deniaHded /of hiiii. Spare ine, I be- seecli your highness. ' / / " Cut off liis : ears ! " saidthe King, cpHtemptuousiy. ; ; " tlie knave is not worth trouble , of hanging.", ; .The result of that prescription was that a new ' ornairient was added to/the castle gate, iu the shape of a pair/pf liuirian ears, neatly nailed- to one' of the side posts. From that day the practice of phlebotomy fell into disrepute in medical circles. The feeling of compassion which might have arisen for the sad fate of the Court Physician "was completely lost in that of wonder at the marvellousl-eco very of the .-King, who, but a few moments before had seemed at the point of death. But-, alas ! Only a short time elapsed before his Majesty was worse than ever ; A.. 4 U.«A ftli m nlrrt rtf O OAAIVI _ 5U Lllltt Wic OLLIICIVO KJL : wii»u ttwum panied the mutilation of the physician were mingled with those, of his royal master, whose pains had returned with renewed vigour, / / What was now to be done.?, No one would offer a suggestion, for fear kept every tongue still/ Eats, though not al ways ornamental, are useful appendages, and the fate of the physician was a warn ing that His majesty was in 110 humour , to be trifled with. / At last the Queen — who had waited until she thought the King's sufferings had reached such a pitch that .lie would be willing to accept any means of relief tliat offered— suggested that in her suite was a learned friar, who might be able to effect a cure ofliis Majesty '.disease, if, as she believed he was bewitched and not SLUitJilUg iruiu ciuy UJ.Uiuatjr AJJU.AIAWJ. The King hated friars, but he hated pain a good? deal more, 'and had already begun to repent of his harsh treatment of the physician ; so he growled consent, and the Hermit., was sent ior. That individual entered the „ royal presence with a//nonchalance that con siderably, surprised the courtiers, who had been accustomed' to approach their sove reign with awe and trembling, / and could not comprehend such extraordinary au dacity. :" " Who aie you ? " asked the King. \- ''What's, that to you?" retorted the Hermit, "lam come to try and cure you. Who I am; matters nothing ; what I can do, is the. only question" with you have any concern.". . : ' The courtiers wondered whether His Majesty would- select hanging, drawing and quartering/ or burning at- the stake, as a fitting punishment for such unheard ;or insolence ; dug, totneirgiuaL suqjneu, the/King merely smiled grimly, and bade ;the Heririit- set to work without loss of tirne, as tlie agony he. suffered passed en durance. " Clear the room," said the Hermit ; "I must be alone with their Majesties before I can do anything." A sign from, the King confirmed tlie Order, and the courtiers filed out in silent, amazement, wondering what had worked so marvellous a change in the habits of their sovereign. r"Does your Majesty suffer much?" asked the Hermit, as soon as liis order "had been complied with. " Do I suffer much ? By the bones of St. Nepomuc I am in agony ! Oil ! oh ! oh ! " and His Majesty began to twist and jump about as if possessed by the spirit of St. Vitus himself. " King," said the Hermit, severely, your pains are the result of your sins. To gratify an unnatural appetite you have not lieritated to sacrifice, not only some of tlie best blood of your kingdom, but even your own son. You are now reaping the reward of your ill-doing." " How know you that," inquired the astonished King. "I know it — that is sufficient. Now, if I promise to cure thee, wilt thou repent and mend thy ways ? Wilt tliou overcome thy depraved appetite for human flesh ? " "I will," said the King faintly, "I will— -I will swear it- by the blessed beard of St. Nepomuc ! " "Then, exorciso te ! " said the Hermit, " coirie forth thou unclean one, aud be take thee to thy proper place ! " Immediately the King's body was con vulsed in the most frightful manner,. and, amidst throes and spasms which seemed to threaten his instant dissolution, a lean, skinny arm wasprotuded from his mouth. The Queen shrieked at the sight; but the Hermit clapt his hand over her mouth and bade her be silent. Presently the arm was withdrawn and a leg extended instead, and then in its place withdrawn. At last, after one awful con vulsion, a little black demon tumbled out of the King's mouth, and incontinently, vanished up the chimney. The poor Kingsauk back on the couch, his whole frame blanched and quivering, but free from pain, and in his right mind. Tlie Hermit then proceeded to adminis ter to His Majesty a severe reproof for his incontinence, and also some consola tion from the wicker flask already spoken of. " Friar." said the Kiny, as soon as he had gathered sufficient strength to speak — I owe thee a debt of gratitude — name thy reward." " Pardon for the royal cook," said the Hermit, stepping to the door, and usher ing in that personage, who approached with much less confidence than he had dis played on the occasion of his last_ inter view with his royal master. " What hast thou done, fellow? " asked the King : "we know not thy offence — speak ? . Thy pardon is already granted." " Well, your Majesty," said the cook," twirling his cap between his thumbs — " if so be it as I must, and his reverence here'll go bail for me, I'll own up every thing." " Speak man," said the Hermit, " thou hast naught to fear." - ; " Well then, your Majesties, likewise not forgetting your reverence — what I say is that there is things as no man aint got no right to do, ordered to do 'cm or not." " Conscience is the only safe guide," said the Hermit-. " That's so, your reverence," said the cook ; " what I mean to say is that con science is the hoss as '11 carry, my money. Well then, may be your Majesty '11 re member about them kids- as you told me in Viftkr wfr/h rnhatorl nnn1«Q in fltaiv mouths ? " " Well, fellow?" asked the King, im patiently. " Well, your Majesty, w hen you gave me them orders, my conscience objects ; and, not to put too fine a point upon it, I says to myself, I'll see you jiggered first." " What ? ' roared ihe King, forgetful of his promise — "You don't mean to say that you had the audacity to — " " I mean ter say that I had the audacity to plant them kids in the cellars, and mix you up a dish of baked sucking-pig in stead ! " The King groaned . and fell back upon his pillow. It was the first time within the memory of man that any order of the Monarch of Bohemia had been disobeyed. He felt deeply humiliated at his degrada tion. " This comes of educating the people-! " he muttered. "Ah! what a double-dis tilled ass I was to allow them to learn 'to read ! Well — well — well — disobeyed by my own cook ! This is indeed a bitter trial ! " . "Bear up, my son," said the Hermit — " bethink thee, -the varlet's disobedience has- saved tliee froni foulest sin. Here — norranriAlhAW n 1 i-v nnH a ciiAULAJd emu UCLUJOU uic lliUULCL from your mind for ever." So saying the Hermit again handed his flask to the King, who feebly muttered "Here's luck," and took a deep draught of the elixir. " But you have not told us what be came of my son,"' said the Queen anx iously. "His Royal' Highness is among the other kids in the cellar," said the cook — " they're all well and hear y, and as merry as grigs." £ " Let them bo restored to their mothers," said the King ; " The poor wo men will gain by thy disobedience, if no one else does. — Only sucking-pig!'? he continued, muttering to himself in a con temptuous. tone — "Only sucking-pig! Faugh! It is a wicked world — a sad wicked world ! " - But- the cook had not done yet, — Your Majesties," he faltered, "as to giving 'em back to their mothers, there's a little difficulty " — - ".What is that, fellow 1" asked the /King, impatiently. " They are all mixed. You see I just tumbled 'em into the cellar naked as they was, and didn't keep no count of 'em at all." # . # a- # I am particularly anxious to finish off this tale in an artistic manner, but I really don't know how to set about it. There does not seem to be any. need to say anything more about the interview last recorded, and the perspicuity of the intelligent reader will have divined that all our friends lived happily ever after. — How shall I fix it ? — There's the hermit now — a good deal might be said about him ; but as he, shortly after the events I have related, took to preaching in the public parks 011 Sundays, I do not think his after career would be likely to prove of interest to the class of persons who will purchase this paper — and you can easily ' believe that at my time of life I am not going to cater for the delectation of the demoralised borrower: So after all I shall have to end with the Babies. Ah ! But there was joy in Prncriift wlimi orrnfAfnl O VllttV these little ones were on hand rit the hunting castle and deliverable to the mothers or upon their order ! It is true there was trouble when the delivery took place, for only very few mothers were so fortunate as to be able to offer satisfactory proofs of the identity of their offspring ; and as there was something very like a free fight over the better specimeus, it was eventually found necessary to settle the matter by casting lots. The memory of this transaction has been kept alive in Bohemia by the saying:— It is a wise mother that knows her own child. ' ' 'A An Arkansas horse-ihief confessed that he had eleven wives living, and the' cru vigilance committee refused to hang liini but sent him home to. tho bosoms 'of his fa«rity- 