WHAT OAREER FOR TOM? He need not necessarily be Tom Junes, Tom llrown, or Tom Hobinson. Tin agnomen, "Tom," may be accepted in this instance as applicable t. male growth generally, just as Tommj Atkins is accepted as the embodied representative of a soldier There is a "Tom" taken from this standpoint in most families, ar.-.i any man of experience knows that, especially in the uver-crowdod marts oi the old world, it is too fre iiently a ve:y serious consideration for his parents l< know what career to select for "Tom." Most of the social newspapers are considerably exercised about "Tom:' and our old friend, Ciuimberit Jo iirnn' for June, has a short sketch of one paiti- eular "Tom," which might be read vvitli advantage oven in this favored part of the globe. Tho "Tom" in question is fifteen years old. He can hold his own at cricket and football. He can ride a bicycle better than most boys, but becoming tire d of remaining at> school while other bov t are going into business, he confides to ill sisters that unless his father finds him something to do he will incontinently run amy to sea. The sisters are naturally alarmed. Indeed they weep bitterlv. and en the entrance of tho mother, Tom's fierce determination is revealed, but soothed by a promise that " pap:: will do something. " Accordingly, tin next morning Tom's father, a country doctor, of a school now fast dying out. is duly apprised that something must la- done for "Tom." It does not ap- parently strike either of these affectionate parents that allowing " Tom " to " run away to sea" would bo k lair test of his ability to look after him self. Some boys run away to sea, and come back good sailors. Others conic hack, ran away again, and come back iunmi alternatively, generally wanting fresh outfits, aud with no apparent regard for anyone's convenience but their own. They may be high-soaring adventu iTius BuLiiui w ucu tne nc is on them, but they are of uncommonly little aee in the practical battle of life. They are roving, tiles-hauutuig " Toms' and as a rale gather no moss. In the instance we quote, however, "Tom" is not allowed to ran away, and after lib father has made a few remarks on the " redundancy of boys in the world, all wanting careers," it is determined to hold a family ootmeil, consisting of a reverend uncle, n laol uncle, and an agricultural uncle, hi order to decide upon a career for "Tom.'' The Army and Navy are not alluded 1 1. possibly because unless a man has not only a little money of his own but a good sha.ro of the luck generally attributed to the Prince of Darkness, he has but little chance of career in either. Hence "Tout's" choice is confined to the church, the law, modicine and farming. Bo far as the first i.-. concerned the clerical uncle sits upon "Tom" at the outset, "Tom" will never bo a scholar, and, therefore, he will never be a good divine. The reasons are not given, and although, as a matter oi fact, Luko and Paul were the only scholars among the apostles, wo suppose that the dictum of "Tom's" reverend uncle should be eoeepted. The legal uncle next gives his doae of oold water. The liip' profession was a good ono once, he admits, but ibis so no longor. It is not a money- making trade aa it was, and will he soon less to. Befoima are making sail havoc with the profit. Great Britain will toon follow the example of the colonies in introducing registra tion of titles. Chambers of Com merce will go on with arbitration and conciliation ; and aa for the crimi nal courts, "as soon as the tee totallers have made another million or two of converts the ineome of legsl men from criminals will he nil. What with popular education, milder man ners, law reform, land reform, and the zest, no man would think of puttings youngster into the first decaying legal profession." Thus speaks the leal uncle of the anprovidod-for "Tom," nut the final douche is gives by Ms medical father, who does not see the "ghost of a prospect" lor his oflkpring in that line. A few men of supreme ability in medicine and surgery will, says the old oountry doctor, monopo lise the profeerios, and the " general practitioner will not make his salt. "More than this," continues Tom's father— When I was walking the hospital, sjrmotios weretsMgularasthetidasiana all the ysar sound, fevers and amss went their profitable Sonne. Everybody Sad shad sold si rant ones in the winter. Goat nod rheumatism wen redid annuities to most of us. Broken limbs were lairly oommoo in most familim. Is short, as the proverb ran. "the doctor was sever out of theoooer. Alas, aH that hne gone I People take each ridiculous ease of themselves j "sanitation is the ahsMsr of «uw alnoom- poop ; sad the fees shnutelssn wnsauile, pure water, pure air, and the neb is cutting off the doctor's income st the roots. —Have I eaid noogh, dear friends, to prove to you that Tom SNtnot he a doctor f Professionally speaking, poor " Tom's" aareor appeal to bo blighted, but the fanner uncle puts a brighter tinge to the picture. He has brought his sous and daughters up to farming, and though "thsy have hail to take up the rough end of the stick, they are none «the worse for it." " Therefore," says tho farmor, "take 'Tom,' open the gate of a field and turn 'Tom' into it to piek up what pasture he can. He is not ilsly to starve." The rev. uncle warmly approves of tho idoi, And "Tom" is turned into a field accordingly. There is a moral in tho choice of "TomV career worth studying, There is already a dangerous tendency among Australian parents to put thoir children into what are called genteel professions and employ ments. "Genteel !" Heaven savo the mark ! How many meaning it hAs had until it lias sunk finally into another term for snobbery! Suggest to a Sikh that he should make aught but a farmer or a soldier of his eon find ho will takq it ss a deadly insult ; And yet the descendant of ono of tho proudest families in broad Scotland is » a successful grooor. Tho uo of all the snobbery of the (last is over, and tho test of a 44 gentleman" is now Ms conduct, ami his denu unor, bo hv rich or be ho poor. TlhtnUs to some persistency, agricultural eJueation will soon lie easily obtainable, and we would ask any mrent,before condemning 1:U son to an uphill light in a crowded profession to look at his tbows and sinews, and see whether it would not bo bettor to tutu Mm into a field. 