ECHOES FROM MY STUDIO. I will now introduce my readers to a gentleman named Mr Rufus Great Words, from a township called Little Sense. He is a very wordy brother. He employs fine words because they are fine and make him appear a very learned man. Asa rale such men read bat little, bat they study the dictionary with considerable diligence to find words diversified, long, and hard, which they sometimes use in the most ludicrous j manner. j One of these men, in company with a friend, once made a call at the house of a neighbor. When they reached the door, Mr Great Words said to his friend, * Will you do me the exuberant honor of agitating the communicator of the in gress door, that the maid may receive the information that some attendant in dividuals are leisurely waiting at the exte rior to propose their interrogatories after the resident proprietor.’ ‘ Did you want me to pull the door bell for you,’asked his friend, ‘lf you have that extremely obliging state of mind which will enable you to do that deed of exceeding condescension I shall experience the deepest emotion ils of un precedented gratitude,’ replied Rufus. ‘ Hang it, why didn’t yon say if you please, and have done with it,’ said the impatient friend. The bell was rung, the servant appeared, and they were ushered into the presence of the resi dent proprietor. * How do you do V said he, addressing Rufus. ‘I am in the highest state of excellent health, ex tremely obliged, neighbor. I am san guine to hope, sir, that you live in the felicity of enjoying and possessing and feeling an undistracted state of the phy sical constitution.’ ‘ How did you leave your wife, Mr Great Words v ‘ It gives me no ordi nary pain, and no usual grief, and no common sorrow, to inform and instruct you that I left my dear wife, my choice companion, subject to, and suffering from, and enduring under, a severe and trying affectation of her respiratoiy organs, superinduced by an exaggerant cold, received and taken and caught by her ihe> other day of last week when we were travelling and riding and going to the village of Burnley.’ How absurd! Another of the same class once when speaking of a man who was found drowned in a canal, said— ‘ He is sup posed to have perpetrated, committed and done, voluntary, willing and of him self destruction, suicide and drowning while in a mood of mental aberration, superinduced, brought about and effected by long indulgence in and continued habits of inhaling drinking and swallow ing to inebriation and drunkenness in toxicating fluids.’ Ridiculous in the extreme' How often this style of talk is adopted in common conversation. Some persons regard themselves so learned that they deem it vulgar in the highest degree to use what is termed plain language A nervous man, before getting into a hired conveyance, said to the driver. ‘ Can yon, my friend, conduct this quad ruped along the highway without de stroying the equilibrium of the vehicle 1 When be reached the inn where the horse was to lodge for the night, be said to the ostler, ‘ Boy, extricate the quadru ped fiom the vehicle, stabulate him, de vote him an adequate supply of nutri tious aliment, and when the aurora of morn shall .again illumine the Oriental horizon I will reward yon with pecuniary compensation for your amiable hospi tality.’ My readers, never get too learned to call things by things by their proper names; call a spade a spade. Don’t be among those who never walk out, but promenade; never go to bed, but retire to rest; never ill, but get seriously in disposed; never marry the young woman they Jove, but lead the individual to whom they are attached to th- hymeneal alter; never consult a doctor, but call in a medic il adviser; never work at a trade, but engage in agricultural or commercial pursuits; never Keep a shop, but an emporium; never die, but expire. But these remarks apply, and also very forcibly, to much of the so (Allied preaching of the day. Rufus sometimes gets into the pulpit, and a sorry figure he cuts. How awful to see a man professing to be moved by the Holy Ghost to preach the gospel, and at the same time hear him dis coursing in such a manner that he cannot be comprehended by bis bearers Such a state of things is nut as rare as we could wish. Never was there more said about great preachers than now, but many entirely mistake the elements which go to make a great preacher. They think they must have a great subject, a fine, florid, incomprehensible introduction, three general divisions, and as many sub divisions under each head They then soar away above the heads of their hearers, and do not deign to come down to their capacities again till they close their miserable apology for a ser mon by saying, ‘ Dear friends, I leave these few remarks with you.’ It would serve all such preachers right if they were dealt with as an old Cormshman once dealt with one of that class The would be divine had been dealing out stones instead of bread to people, and at the close kindly informed them he would leave the few remarks with them. ‘No,you needn’t’ responded one of the hearers, ‘ take them with you; we don’t want them hero.’ A severe, but just rebuke. Rufus once when preaching had occa sion to quote ‘ Give us this day our daily bread,’ which he rendered, ‘ Confer upon us during this mundane sphere’s auxiliary revolution our diurnal subsist ence,’ On another occasion, when quot ing the well known passage, ' He that believeth on Me as the Scripture hath said out of his. 5 Here he paused and at last said, ‘ Well, out of bis ventricu lum shall flow rivers of living water.’ We'do not mean by our remarks to infer that pulpit language should not be chaste an£ beautiful. God’s service de mands the best of everything. But every man who preaches the Gospel should make n •> of words be under stands, and should deliver his message so clearly .that the most unlearned in his congregation may see their way to the Saviour of sinners. In closing, I would say to my readers, let ns communicate our thoughts in such -« style that those to whom we are talk ing know what we mean. We shall not then be charged, as yes the metaphy sician by the American, who defined the matter thus, ‘ One man telling another something about which he knew nothing, and the other could not understand him.’ 