"ONWARD AND UPWARD." Foo|rscRsY, S.VUDRI,.\V, Seer. IS, IS86, Solitary Confinement. 'l'ims question has had a flood of light thrown upon it by the publication of a quantity of Correspondence on the subject, that has been submitted to their Honors, the Judges, on the 5th April last, but of which no notice appears to have been taken as yet. The opinions of the Inspector General of Penal Establishments (Mr. Brett), the Medical Officer, and the (',overnor of l'entridge Jail are all perfectly unanimous in con demning the practice of ordering soli tary confinement, mare especially in the cases of first convicted prisoners. The regimen itself is severe, consisting onlyof one pound of bread and water per day, then the twenty-three hours in the cell, with only one hour's exercise in the open air, without the slightest associa tion or commnunication with any other person, is found to be so depressing to the system that prisoners ask for flog sing tO be substituted, and it takes from seven to ten days for them to recover from the effects and semi- starvation so far as to be able to renew their work. The Inspector General says-" The strongest men are soon subdued and reduced, and men are often fed on a special diet, such as beef tea, rice, and other farinaceous footL `'r some time after they come out from solitaryconfinement and while suffering a recovery. Solitary confinement may be placed under the same category as the lash, and when all three punishments are inflicted, that is-separate confinement, solitary confinnemnt, and flogging, we think that the limit of humatl endu rance may be considered as having been reached, and if the severity of the punishment be such as to harden the heart of the criminal, aind render him insensible to better influences, there is little hope of making this punishment the means by which the moral reforma tion of the prisoner may be attained, which is the foundation of an enligh tened system of penal discipline" It is apparent that the principal officers of the department, who have the best opportunity of marking the effects of the sentences upon the prisoners are decidedly against solitary confinement, and in favor of the separate system, which it is said, "has much to colnumlcnd it, and differs from the former in two important particulars, namely, a better dietary scale, and light occupation in a separate ce:l. It is restricted to siY months, but may be extended to nine months by bad conduct. Young prisoners might be discharged from gaol after separate treatment, without having to pass into association with other offenders through the progressive stages of long sentences." If there were no other objection to the solitary system, the following remark of Mr. Brett would, of itself, form powerful argu ments against it :-" The occupation of prisoners is interrupted to such an extent that continuous and sustained efforts, so essential to profitable employment, and to learning a trade cannot be expected, and this unproductive system of punishment is incompatible with industrial pursuitsswhich constitute so im portant a part of an enlightened system of penal discipline .... The mental and physical organisation are subjected to a severe strain, and I am not prepared to say that every man who has entered the prison with a sound intellect and good constitution, goes out of it in the same condition. If there are any latent or hereditary symptoms of insanity they are almost certain to be developed." In the face of such reports from such quarters,'it is surely time that the Judges gave their attention to the subject, for what is wanted is not the wearing the lives out of prisoners, rendering them insane, or keeping them in enforced idleness and semi-starvation, turning them out more callous and at war with society than before. We wish to secure their relormation, and to learn them trades, while at the same time their labor in the jail should be made as reproductive as possible, so as to reduce thle cost of their detention to a minimum. If the Judges do n-t or ill not take actiots in the matter, it is the part of our Legislature, as ren of humanity, to alter the la s relating to the tower :of the administrators to adjudge such sentences of which it is evident they had no knowledge of the effects, until the corrcspondence alluded to has made them, public property. Si'ot'rs.-The members of the Foolscray Rowing Club, have decided on holding a demonstration in the WesternGardenson Prince of Wales 1Birtllday, November 9th. A good programme rf events has been arranged, including a Sheffield Handicap of ,ao, Mile and Half-nmie of £5 each, and a Publican's Purse. Entries close at the Ielgravia Hotel on Saturday evening;, October 30th, and acceptances most be sent in not later than Saturday, November 6th. An Art Union for a number of valuable prizes has also been prepared in connection with the Sports. * * RoullnEy.--The local police have received information from the Rev. John Adams, that his house, in Cowper street, seas entered by burglars on Sunday night about 9 o'clock, and the following articles stolen :--Three gold brooches, and one silver Geneva watch, valued at £o o; also jewellery worth £2, the latter is the properly of a Mliss Daniels, who was staying at the house. The sum of £2 in cash, and a nmoney box containing, as nearly as can be estimated, about 7,about has since een missed. Entrance was effected through the window of the front room, the catch of which was defec tive. No clue has as yet been obtained to the offenders. YARtetAvttI.F. BAzAA\R.-This three days fancy fair seems likely to eclipse all previous experiences at Yarraville. The amount of preplarations of things rich and rare, by ladies dark and fair, is a proof that where, the ladies care, to exercise their talents they are all there. Then to add to the attractions the bazaar will be, opened by the lion. Dr. Beaney, M.L.C. The lion. W. If. Roberts and W. Ma. Clerk, Esq., M.'., have promised to assist in making the affir a success, and the Mayor, Councillors and Magistrates, have all been invited, so that Thursday, Friday and Saturday, shouhl be red letter days, and a capital fund obtained for tile improvement of tihe Recreation grounds. malting them a thing of beauty, and a joy for ever. Asrus.Oet..N'r.-TThe May Gordon trouple once more essayed tile task of delighting a Footscray audience on Thursday evening. Tihe " Shows. " went off very satisfactorily but the attendance was very limited. Miss Gordon, tihe versatile artiste, sang a pretty song. entitled" When we sleep beneath tihe daisies," she also gave an exhibition of Fire Eating and danced a Sailor's IIornpipe. Miss Ilattic Ray, who has ntade herself a popular favorite, gave the t well-known ballad " Swce: Chiming Bhells," and a serio-cornic song, " If I only knew how it was done." Miss hIella Watson received a triple encore for her contributions. The Kelly Birothers, step dancers, and Mr. T. l)uria, speciality performner also deserve praise for their efforts. The entertainment concluded wi:h " A Ghost in a Pawn Shop." TiE: USE OF I IIre GARDrENS.-It does seem rather peculiar on the part of the Council to decline to grant, and to hold over the request of the United Friendly Societies for the rtte of the W\estern Gardens Reserve on Bloxing )Day. What more deserving charity can there be than these societies, which provide medical attend ance, sick pay, and funeral funds for eleven hundred nmenbers. If their wives and families are added, it will be found that probably one half of the entire populati:n is concerned. and deeply so in tole success of the undertaking. and when no other application was belore the Council, it seems strange that the ratepavers shlould not be allowed without delay or hesitancy, the use of a public reserve when it is known that a length of time is always required for preparation for a gala and sports in a large scale for such a purely public object with such a wide sprdad interest. \'I;tI..\NCE COIart-TTE.E, Tihe second meeting of the Vigilance Committee was held at Shepherd's rooms, on Monday, with a full a'tendance. The minutes of the previous meet ing were read and confirmed. Two donations of ros. each were received. After some dis cussion, it was resolved to allow the printing account to lie over for a week. It was also decided that the committee give every assist ance to tile ratepayers of the South \Vard, at their Indignation Meeting. On the motion of Captain Collins, sec mded by Mr. Underhill, it was decided " That the committee pay all accounts against the originators of the Indigna tion Meeting held on the 2nd inst. Mr. IR. T. Leek reported that the expenses incurred by the 'Soutl Ward committee amounted to about a2 t5s., but several ratepalyers had promised tlonations. Tie meeting was then adjourned till Monday night. GRAND NOVEt. V :I'terAINMEsMT under the auspices of St. John s Church. There will be on Tuesday andti Wednesday evenings next, a Royal 11all, a Grand Cake Fair, and MMnsica and Elocutioaing Entertainment. We are in formed that a committee of thirty ladies thave tihe affair in hand, and have been working in its interest for over six weerks, and that promises well for its succees. They have been very fortunate in obtaining tie gratuiltios services of such artists as Mrs. lRoberrtson Smith (.Miss Holland), Mr. Smith, of Williamstown, Mr. Cecil lorrester, the incomparable mimic and humorist, Mr. and Mrs. W\indass, Mr. G. A. Smith, Miss Mark, Mr. Styles, Misses Norris, Middleton, and Lyne, ant Mr. Colhoun. Sluch anl array of talent is not comlnmon, and we ve.nture to prognosticate that the promoters will not be disappointed at the patronage awarded. The musical conductorship will devolve on Mr. \\\\. It. Wilkes, tile organist of St. John's Church. JltsTrucrs. -Last eek a petitli .; signcd by several Councillors, Magistrates, and Residents of the lIorough, was lor-warded by thie Town Clerk to the Crotrwn Law D)epartlent, praying that the ex-Mayor, J. Ctnin~g, Esq., anti Mr I. M1. Sahlon shollul be added to the rol! of Justices. It seems that Mr. Cunring i;tmade verbaland written protests against the associa tiont of names, and thee heing overlooked lie wasintroduced to the Minister of Justice, on Tuesday evening, in thse Ministerial room by Mr. W. M. Clark, anti arkel that his name should be omittedit. i e ad no peritonal oltjec tion to the other b-einlg appolinte but declined to have his name coupled in tile samte paper. It was frther pointed out that the original pelitiotl drawvn out contained the namles; of Messrs. W. 1'. Smith and J. Cumting, as there was no resiJent J.I. in Varraville, and persons living there had to come to Flootscray to sign legal documents. Alr. Cuthblert said ihe wo.hld consider the advisability of appointing one justice for the former place. but thought thItt Footscray was sufficiently well provided for at present. * * hfAIDS'roNE.--The third grand land sale of the Town of Maidstone, Northl Footscray, has now been definitely fiued foir Saturinay, 2nd October, at 3 o'clock, when too lots will be put up at an upset price of ros. per foot. Tile terms are very easy so as to suit all customlers, viz., ?i per lot deposit and balance by umonthly instalments of one pound each. lFrom the splendid position of the land and its proximity to tile new railway station there is no dous:bt that purchasers will quadruple their capital on tihe investment within a very short time. The auctioneers in conjunction are Messrs. \V. 1E. Muriphy, I. M. ltarr anti MlclKenzie and Ballard from wlomn all information may be procured. As arrangements have been made for the sater supply to ire extended to Maidstone at the earliest possible period, railway station acom:noo.lation being now an eatcmplished fact, anttd large reserves being left for factory sites, howling greens, or other public matters, it needs only to be added that arrangements are in contemplatiosn for a line of busses to afiord accommodation to the residents till the railways have met the public demands. OUtL R\lt.\\\svs.-Vesterdlay af:etnoon M.r. Speight, Chairman of Commissiconers, and his colleagues visited Footscray by the 2.30 train, and were met at the station by the Member for the District, the Mayor, Councillors, and other gentlemen interested is the new station near the Western Gardens. After visiting the Town Hall, andl the Nicholsun street siding. where several necess'ry improvements were pointed out, the party swere driven in vehicles to the proposed site of the new station near the Geelong road, where tltey were met by a number of residents. A view of the locality, and a stalk over the ground, convinced the Commissioners of the necessity for giving increased facilities to the daily increasing traffic. After a careful survey of the locality, the porty :rove hack cvia Buckley street, and ,henee to the Varraville station, where the absurdity of compelling passergers from Mclb,umrne to climb up and down over the ov,:r-hea I footbridl;e, instead of going through the r icket gate, s.s pointed out. !MIr. Spoight anct his colleagul?s agreed with the views put v rwart, nail r.der'.l that every facihlty, con.istent with ?aft'; -.o;lhl be afforded to passenger trafiCr .in;;:betr the visit was ine of great public i:::.r~a:.c., and we feel a sured will resutlt inl a compliance swith the requests urged by thoae interested. MOORE'S TeROUrADOUnS.-The Varraville fall iwas well filled on Monday evening, when Moore's Australian Troubadours appeared for the second time in their unrivalled minstrel entertainment. The first part of thlle rogramne was very well carried out, Ilosea Easton and Geo. Bureness as bones, and Johnnie G(ardnler and ellrtie Daly as lambos, fairly bringing down the house with their comicahlties. The singing of Miss Osborne and Miss Ada Malt. land was alson greatly admired. The sp?crialities of the second part were the banjo) play;ti of HIosea Easton; the sand jig dancing of "Little Flot" and Iertie D.lly, and thle cotic;alities of Johnnie Gardner, Fitrzgerald and George llurness. The farce entitled--"Snails, the Lawyer" in which the characters were ably sustained by Messrs. Geo. lurness, Johnnie Gardner and All. E.ldwards, brought tile entertainment to a conlclusion. Thile trouipe will again appear at thle Hall on Monday even ing, when anl entirely new programmne will be produeed, and it is hoped a Foodl attendance will reward Mr. R. E. Mor.re for his efforts in securing such all able cofmplany, each and every member of which being well worth listening to. AN OstIssIoN.--We regret that a notice of the marriage of Miss New.ell, daunghter of our worthy Mayor, and Mr. W. FeIhon, only son of W. M. Flhron, Esq , J.IP., was by some un lucky mischance left out fronm our last issue. The Editor having given Iris tn ;ltivided atten tion totie election for the North \'ara Irovince, a report of the interesting ceremony anti the accoampanying festivities was left to a Special, and he in turn concluded that somlebody else could do more justice to tile subject, and so what should have been dlone ntas left undone. Our readers would observe by last week's HIrald that the marriage was celebrated with great eclat. while the ball given in the Royal Hall in the evening, made many celibates of both sexes long for such an occasion on their own account, and a like large and happy gathering. Tile health of tie parents and tire newly made twain in one was heartily pledgedt, and we now join those who were present in wishing the young couple every earthly pleasure and hiappiness. Thley have growin fromt childhood among the comingt generation of tile btisotiugh, and we are sure, should they remain here they will merit and win the same amount of esteem and respect in which their forbears are held. 