Up in the Gallery. (FaoM OUR IroRTEnR.) SDNswrY, Sednenday. HONOURAnLE gentlemin having refreshed the inner man with tea and toast, returned to the Chamber resolved to do or die-but the attendance was not particularly large to witness ltheir brave deeds, ib being under. stood that nothing more important would come on that evening than the "Ereadi. cationof Prickly Pears." The Government main benshes were fairly filled; the Govern. ment drose benches were thin; while thl Oppositlon main benches weoe decidedly thioner-not being occupied by more than half a dozen hon. gentlemen. The Opposn tion cross benches were absolutely bare. Bur, '.o make up this paucity of atte:dance oa the part of bon. me mbter, the galleries were crowded, by strangers and--: other wise;" and some of them may fairly be said to come withii this clss, for their faces are familiar, as they attend in their places nighti after night, until they are almost as well known as hen. members themselves. On the invitation of the Minister for Mine?s, the House went into committee to consider the Prickly Pear Eradication Bill, and thines almost immediately began to get lively. Mir. Wisdom objected to the bill in tote. He had a prickly per in his back yard. It bore a very pretty flower, and he objected to its being "eradicated," and the fact wene, said the honourable gentleman, there wsee no occasion whatever forr such a bill--it was like the other Government bills, simply brought forward for the purpose of creat ing bidlets (Mr. Fletcher-"N-t a billet.") But Mr. Wisdom shook his head, end re miaded the H)use of the Rabbit Act. That Act had created hundreds of billets; hundred of rabbit inspectors; and the more Inspectors they had the more did the rabbits increase; notwithstanding the fact that three or four scalps for every rabbit in the' coouy was constantly being "flopped down" befo-e the members or the Rabbit Boards. The hen. m, mber for Morpeth contended that the prickly pear was a hanm's , not to say useful and beau iful, exdtic. It the Government want'd to go into this eradica tion business, let them "go for" the' Bathurer. burr, which really was a nuisance that ought to be eradicatd without delay. At thatmoment I had in my minid a eye one or two honourable members, who' are a bigger nuisance than the:Bathurst burr, the pricitly pear, and the rebbirs allput to gether, audwondered wh tlihr Itwoult not be possible to intreduce a bill to eradicate them. Th.s by the way. ' While Mr. Wisdom was beseeching mercy for the ptar, Mr. Huugerford more than once interrupted him, being evidently an intense hater of the "fruit" in question. To one of his interjections, Mr. Wisuom retorted that the pear would soon die ou', '" Like the honourabl- genulemanhimEs.f." Mr Bun gerford remarked, ""He knows nothing. about it," possibly intimating that he had been taking Parr's lite .pills, ad never in tended to give up the ghost. M-Ir. Galland, thehon. member for Carccar, made quite a point when he observed, " You have to catch your rabbit before you can eradicate it, but the prickly pear aoes not run away and.burrow in holes;:it is always there, and consequently the hon. gehtleman (Mr. Wisdom's) remartls are nuit~e beside the question." The member tor Morpeth had been speaking about the inmense cost of putting down,. or.rather trying to put down, the iabbit pest and prophcsying that it would be the same with the prickly pear. In reply to. the remarks of one:, hon. gentleman,' who stated that. it was impos-. sible to put down the rabbits; the Minister very truly: said that if these destructive animals had been dealt with when tha nuisance was in its infancy, they could have been put down. easily enough: but they had been allowed to occupy ",nmllious ot acres" before any attempt was made to. destroy them, and the same would be the case with the prickly pear unless dealt with without delay. At the present time, it had been asserted by oue hen. member that this obnoxious woee only c vered a couple of thuu-and acres ; but unless this bill were passed, they would find that this nuisance, too, would soon extend over a like.area. 'Mr. Wisdom posed. asa'. very ignoramus in the matter of Latin.' "Little Latin and lees' Greeko" Well, the.'hon. gentleman adimtitted that' the species of prickly pear as printed in the bill was Litin asid Greek 'to him. 'He contended that .it would be necessary for 'eveiy' persn interested 'to purchase a Latin grammiar and, dictiboary, and' likewise to provide himself with a photographic apparatus with which to take "pictUr'es" of the weed 'growing on h`s land, 'in drd(r to determine as to which .particular species it belonged. At the' sam. time, Mr. Wisdom showed' some acquaintance with the Irish language, as hiipronunciation of the word " detined" sounded very much like "defoined." Or was it' that he was trying' to' imitate the sterling: Hibernian accent of Mr. Hunger .ford P If so, it showed very poor taste. ''.a ., ' * ' * ' . . W"hen, on the grounds of beauty, Mr. Wisjdom found he could not save his favourite flwer, he appenld to the com mittee on the ground of its useful and "nourishing" qualities for man and b-ast \---specially beast, though in what way the nourishment was to affect the same he did not: clearly "defoine." Sir Patrick Jca. hings, however, did-he said it was so nourishing that it cos; him .l600 in a single year to eradicate in one particular part of his pcssessions; and Sir John Robetson warned honourable members not to make fiun of this business, for it was no laughing matter. :He then pathetically described how, the weed was first imported " by an old lady, in a flower-pot, who was still alive.'" It was not very clear whether it was the lady in the flower-pot, or the weed, or whether it was the weed, the flower.pot, or the lady who was still alive. Itf the lat'ber, as a matter of paivileoe, she ought to be at once summoned to the bar of the House to answer for her misdeeds. If bher explanation be not satis factory she should without delay be placed in the custody of the Sergeantat.Arms, to be immediately placed in the deepest dun* geon beneath the Parliament walls. * * ' It is now ll'o'cloclr, and there are exactly seven of an audiente in the stranger's gal lery, and two'in the Speaker's. 'There was a general' casebf "sbunt" a few minutes ago, probably to get a last drink before the pubs closed, and the Chamber is nearly as bare of mrembers as the gallories are of "strangers." But "Hughey" has sought hisiParrama'ta couch, and so the Sergeant at-Arms has pea e. At this stage, Mr. Wisdom again w.ke up and pointed out that the supporters of the 'Government in this matter were divided amonget themselves, inasmuch ss one sec tion of them fought on behalf of one genuts of the pear, others fought for another showing, he contended, that before they could come to a thorough understanding, it would be necessary to obtain possession, and study the grammar, the dictionary, ani the pbotgraphio apparatus aforesaid. In the words of salem Sc.dder, "The ap paratus can't lie." And again expressing his opinion that the bill would be. a miaerable failure, and that he would much sooner be belching forth his nmmunition in the shape of an attack on tihe tariff pro posals, tbhe hen. gentleman sat down, Which reminded the once "honourable Eczekiel Bakor" (himself then Minister of Mines), that he had something to say. He would like to know what the Government 'was wasting time over this trivial, not to say trashy, affair for while the floancial bulsinehtss of the country wass going to the. d-ence. It is necessary to tone the word down, because the ex?Minister of Mines is a devout and hoty churchman, who car ios round the bag-a warden at least. Here weme they absolutely f ittering away their time when h- had come down to that House that evening for the express purpose of renouncing the d-, he meant the Governmeot and all their works, if they didn't so modify their views as to be thoroughly in accord with his well-known proelivities. But the' chbairman imme iaoely sat upon him for travellng bhyond, the question before the House and Ezekiel subsided. Oh! his chince has come at last. He hasn't spoken to-day, but the opportunity is now to6 good to be lost. Lie has just entered the Chamber, and easting his eagle eye around, and twirling his moustache with a Napoleonic air, he rises to the full height of his six feet and a bit, and makes the speech of the evening. " ir, Chairman I beg to call your attention to the 'state of the House." The bell is rung, and a quorum formed, and a minute afterwards the hen. gentleman himself rises to address the committee on the burning question before it. Looking from the gallery, I notice there is again, "no quarum." Oh! for an avenging Nemesis-for a " lughey" Taylor; bu', alas, that hon. gentleman has long since disappeared from the enchanting scene, and sought his downy couch; and if not concqcting " some diabolical and Marhiaeeve'lian scheme for a " count out" next Friday, is probably dreaming of the weeks prfils ftlou his bu~chering establish. meet. so At a few minutes 'to, midnight'the Hossoe prcs- nted a most dreary appearance,. the 'oer-dication" business being still under discussion. Eixactly twenty membois are present, pretty equally divided between 'the Government and toe Oppsition main: benches, there not being a solitary soul on the croes benches of e.ther Opposition or Government. The seven and the two still maintain their places in the stranger's and Speakers gallerie's respectively. Evidently those who weont out for a dink thought they could employ their time better than by coming back again, and stayed awily accordiugly. And now the bill is through' committee; it is reported to the Spexker, who. comes from his retiring den to gaze once more on those beloved forms; he blesses them with st;ic' impartiality, and then, with a sigh for their sine, dismisses !hem to their homes. When the House met to-day (Thursday), 'there was a very good atteneance, it being understood that the Governmeunt would biing on their Income and Property Tax proposals. Therefore, nobody wished to obstruct by moving the " adjournment of tie: House," but to gee to business as soon as possible, so that the stonewalling process might begin. "Leave off your damnable faces 'and begin," as Billy Spokeshave said thbiough his friend Hamlet, when addressing the played Ping. And in the same way tha obstructionists arc crying to the Govern ment, "Oh! •Drop 3 our prickly pear and other bills, and let's get at you oi the 'tariff." Two or three pitilions were presented on the subject' of the tariff, but certain mem hers of the House give little heed to theose k'nowing, or pretending at least to knoir,' how they are manufactured. '' Bogus prayers," they call them. Then,' wheni the' fosial motions were calltd on ihe Government were causht tripping, for they failed to A"object" when ttw.. lach'ymoseo Hlamumi'd got up to move'a resolutioun about going.into. co i.mittoee to consider the expediency of a daily llansard. Mr.'Hammond can't wait for a whole week befor. he' reads his speech in print. Be sides he lites ,to '.cut.it out ", and take it round to the "local rag'"for them to print il eteeso: . At letast that what most of them do. .:'cll the Governmcnt did'not obiect, and, the motion. ,was, carried, dis nussion not be ng allowed on formalf motions. Now all that the hon. member for . Aehfid, :in theo, ;.electorate of Canterbury, has to. do is to get the motion placed in a good position for debate. ' * * *'. Then the Government brought forward a " formal" motion on their part-and one that was of much more.iinportance than that of Mr. Hammond, It. was in refer ence to prohibiting the"' importation of grapes and grape vines of all description, and.taking prompt steps to stamp out the fell disease known as phylloxera, which is understood to be a kind of extra intoxicat ing property in the fruit in question. At least that is the.opinion of several members of 'the House, who don't think that such' a long word could possibly mean anything else. Therefore they intend to oppose the motion with all their might and main; These are the sanme hen. members who ar' thirating for Mr. Thompson's motion re the non-sale of intox':cting drinks in the Parliamentary refreshment rooms. ' When it does come on they will, to a man, vote for it-to be burnt by the Sorgeant-at-Aims. Well, the phylloxera motion was not objected to, and was carried with great success, not a voice being raised against it. So that phylloxera ought to feo happy that they will be m committee before long. ' * , We thought we had' done with the prickly pear nuisance-but, no, When it was called on for third reading some hireling ruflian (Pickwickian, of course) moved that it be recommitted for the purpose of reconsidor ing a certain clause. Good heavens !-were we to have the whole thing over again P It s.emd like it, especially wheon the Speaker left the chair and Mr. T'ickett took it. The prickly-pear rose up before honourable members like an Arab zareba, against which the New South Wales contingent would have huled themselves in a line of steel like a tidal wave breaking upon the shore. if they had only had the chance. But it quickly sank dawn again, for a couple cf minutes sufficed to amend the bill, and the atmosphere was clear again. Then arose tho joyful cry amongst the obstructionists of "The tariff 1 The taxes! A bas the 'Government I Dissolution I Dissolution l" and similar cries of rebel lion. Thesi exuberant cries of the Hay and Corn 'Party and the Nobodies and Nowheres were caused by the 'motion for going anto Committee of Ways and leans, in which it was understood the fight would take place--a fierce and bitter struggle thant some honourable members do not hesia tate to say will extend over four or five months. If this be so, Mr. Trickntt, the chairman of committees, would be justified in asking that his salary be doubled. But Mr. No'lJ, the honourable member for Paddington (of whom, by the 'way, a spilendid likenes. appeared in the Dulletin last week), rose up to stave off the "fun" a bit, and spoke at great length on a contin gent motion, opposing the taxine of land within municipal boundaries when they were already taxed by the council. And in order to make his arguments clear beyond the shadow of a doubt, the hen. gentleman narrated to the House a history in early days; a touchidg picture of a dark-haired boy being transplanted with his family from the smoke, dust, and dia of Lindon to the picturoseque scenery and lovely climate of New Plymouth in New Zealhnd. Thao was in 1853, when the hostile natives were going through the land in a condition of war.pathe.o-ness, seeking whom they could tomahawk or knock over the heJd with a ?seri-a Maori toy generally made of greenatono - not unlike a burglIr's "neddy." Ore crack with the weri is usually iufl-ient to bring about a tangi---or lamentation for ,the dead. As the hen. member for Paddington graphically told the story of his youth-how the fighting eavages desoleted alike garden and orchard of the white aiac, who dared no: in thoso days even lift up. his hand to protest; how coitain hun. gentlhmen on the other side of the House wondered why the seeris of those savages had been restrained from making the acquaintance of the hen. gentleman's head. Could they but have foreseen that that dark-hanired boy would one day become a New South Wrales legislator, bis Isfe w.3uld not have been worth a khumara, for the neri would hi~ve done its work and New South WVales would have been deprived of one of its moset brilliant legislative oratos. Among other brilliant things said by Mr. Neild was tbis-that the Government were to be congratulhted on at last having found an organ, and on being queried "What organ ?' replied "The Echo," whtCh elicited a loud laugh. Why ? The Premier in replying, said he Twts not aware that the Government had an "organ," although it could not be denied that a large number rf very extra.rdinary tunes had been played by:certmin membrs of the louse-whose proper pY!oion tbh hon. gent,!ooen vQry probably thought wou'd be to eart roaud and turn the handle. of hardy gurdies, and look after the wants of the accompanying monkeys. But with regard to the BEcho the hoo. tlhe Premier said he w:shed to acquit thae "respectable" journal of any svch uspicion as that which had been cast upon it. ' In the course of his remarks the Promier referred to local self-governmeut, and hcped his Governmuent would be spared to bring in a measure of~ this description. It was a disgrace that such a system had not been established years ago, but the reason irmplain. lhe talking powers of our lcgie latureis s tremoendous thalt five Govora mehts ou; of six are afraid to tackle such a measure for fear tha P'arliament shoakd last thirteen months every ye.r. Messrs. Bolton and Hammond having thrown their small lights upon tho subject, the.House adjouroned for tra. The motion of Mr. NbiTelais likely to be negatived son~ after the resumption, "and then" (as I hea'd an Opposition member scy) "for the fun:" 