THAT SCOTS' CHURCH AGAIN. N0TK3 AT THK MFT, BOURNE PRK3BY- TF.UV. The intermionble Scots' Church question was again ths piece d» resistance before the Proby- tcry of Melbourne, at their monthly meeting to-day. Matters in connection with the pro tracted dispute and embittered negotiations between th. Pritahvt.rv and »h. qaai.- oongregation, relative to filling i he long-vscant paatorebip, which forma one of the chiefest and choicest of tha ministerial appointment tof Victorian PriMbyterianlnm, have at length reached an ad vanced and crucial stags. 1 hs position of affairs at the pre'ont junctors may be breifly recounted for the special behoof of those worldliugs whoso thoughts and affec tions have of late been diverted and seduced from the Presbyters of Melbourne an! their proceedings to the vanity and vexation of electioneering excitements or borseraclng. At the last msetlng of the Preebytery, the revised roll of the members and adherents of the Scots Church congregation, duly purged of alt thoea aecertainct to bo in connection with Mr strong's Australian Church, was laid upon ths table and duly attofiol by tko Moderator ; and ths Presbytery, at the rcu<>.jt of the congregation, granted that a moderation in a call should take place on tho 15th ulk., tlf Rev D. M'Kenzie being appointed to pre tch and preside. It has bean made koown to all, through tic pTce, that the congregation almost unanimously "called" tho Rev Oiorge Dods, the popular young minister, who assisted the Ilev Charles Strong when the Utter was pastor of the Scots Church, and during the Interreg num that followed thereafter filial the ipulpit with acceptance to the people generally. There were tome members of the congregation, how ever, who dissented from the call to Mr Dods, aad on their behalf and his own, Dr Morrison lodged with the Clerk of Presbytery acomplaint ond appeal against the call of the oongregation' Trie report by the ltev. D. M Kenzie of the moderation in tha call was the first bualnes on to day s agenda. It waa noma minutes past the appointed hour for meetings-ten o'clock— when the Hev. T. M'Gregor, of North Cirlton, the Moderator, opened the meeting with the aerial devotional exorcises, a hare half-dozen ministers and eldera being preoat to listen to him. A staunch champion of the Scot' Church case was prcsent'in the ltev. J. Hay; a resolute upLolder of the Presbytery's action in Professor McDonald; and tbies were also the Rev James Ballantyne, clerk, aad two or three elders. Bnbaequently, however, there were nume rous arrivals both of ministers and cldere, as well as of spectators. Among the prominent Presbyter who flocked in were the llev l)r U'Donald, the HevD. S. M'Eacbran, the Rev A. Yule, and the Rev J. M. Abernethy. Owing to tha non-attendance to time of the Rev D. M'KuDxle, with his report of the moder ation. the Scots Church bueinoie was post poned till 11 o'clock, by which time between thirty and forty Presbyters were present. There waa an attendance of about as many spectators. The Rev George Doda wee an early arrival, and among other in terested auditors were about a dozen ladies. It wee not till nearly II o'clock that the Com- miesionere appointed by the Scots' Church for the purpose of holding and supporting tho call entered the hall and took their aeate. They weiethreein number, namely, Messrs Thomas BalUie, Alexander Dick, and William Strachan. In response to the call of the Moderator, the Rev. Dr M'Kemie rose to report tthe Prsioy tery tit moderation in the call He did so with deliberation and marked impartiality. The meeting held on the 15th nit. was, he said, marked by enthusiasm in respect to the choice o( Mr Dods. At a large meetiog all appeared in Mr Doda's favor except fonr persons. The call to Mr Dods was signed by 179 members and 1 ii adherents. The num ber of members ou the communion roll waa 337; and it teq aired three- fifths, to make a cell possible, so that the call to Mr Dods fulfilled this requirement, although there were M members absent from Melbourne, The rev gentleman's statement was folio wed with keen interest, and he gratified fhoic of hii hearers who were outside ' tha bar by anuriog tfae Presbytery that he was satisfied that tba signatures to the call to Mr Dods were those of bona fido members of the Scots' Church. The commissioners were then called on to address the Presbytery in support of the cat). Mr T. llailUa waa the first to speak. Hu did not detain the Preebytery long, bat what be said was clear and to the point, while character ised by moderation and all the respect for the reverend assembly in wnose presence ne stood. He carefully abstained from all useless recrimination or references to the hostilities of the past. He simply asked the Presbytery to bear la mind that the meeting on the 15th waa harmonious in character and enthusiastic in its expression of affection and admiration for Mr Dods ; that it was the clear and derided wish of the congregation that be should be their poster; and that it would promote the beat interests of thecbnrch to allow the calL Mr Dick followed with an effective speech delivered wltbrugged cm phasis. It waa evident that, ae ha es;d, he fait very etrongly in the matter, and that he was exceedingly anxious the call should be sustained. He con tended that to do ao would promote not only the prosperity of the Scots Church, but the peace and prosperity of the Presbyterian Church in Vietoria. He spoke of the deplorable condition ths Scots' Church congregation had been reduced to since the prohibition of Mr Dode from preach ing to them ; and gave several example! of the state of things that had resulted. Members of the congregation now found that their sons and daughters did not caretego to the Scots Church, and one lady had told Lim that her little ion said, " Mother, why are we not so religious as we once were V" In another family a daughter, who formerly attended the Scots' Church, had joined some such sect as the Plymouth Brethren, while the son now went to hear Mr Byrnes. The call to Mr Dods was approved by all the members and adherents of the church, except a small number and ae to Dr Morrison be was not recognised as a leidar in tt« Scots' Church, or looked up to in an j way by tbe members. In Mr Dods, said Mr Dick, they had a man approved of by the Church of Scotland, a man with full credentials, against whom no word had ever been epoken in public, a man whom all ratpictedandadmlicd, of whose abilities they were satisfied, and against whom no charge had been made ; and it was perfectly unreasonable to ran tbc risk of a possibly unsuitable eolea. tion at home for tbe pastorate of tho congrega tion. Mr Dick strongly urged tbc Presbytery to accede to the wishes of the congregation, and resumed his seat amidst slight applause. Tbe Moderetor promptly interposed to inp- pnsithe meol'eittiion of popular sympathy, but tha Rev. Mr Robertson quietly observed that "it did not matter; it was only some people outride the bar.' Mr Bti-achan waa the last Commissioner to speak, and ha followed much in the lines of his colleagues The Rev George Dods had seated himself on a bench immediately iu front of that occupied , by the Commitrionera, and followed ths pro ceedings with blushed countenance and anxious looks. As the morning were en, the spectators were considerably reintoroad. A few additional members of tbe Preebytery had also come on the scene, lnelndiag the Rev, 9, L. Ben- toul. Dr Morrison's oomplelnt and appeal was next read by theClerkof th Preebytery, and wae base on threa grounds. Firet— That a minister of greater ability, wider experience, and weight of ofiaraeter than Mr Dodi was required for the Boots' Church sad that tha most Ukely way of obtaining euoh a minister wgs to send home a commlseios for tbe selection of a suitable man ; nex because Mr Dods had Identified himself wit a the past aotlon of tha congregation in opposi tion to the chureh, his appointment as minister wculd not tend to the preservation bf peace or the restorotion of cordial relatione between the ohurch and congregation; third, because in tbe judgment of the objeotor, Mr Dods' teaching with reepaet to the eereatial Verities of the faith wae vague, negative, and : ussetis'a tory. Dr Morrison enlarged on the written state ment he had forwardei to tbe Clerk of Presby tery in a carefully prepared address which he read, and in which he took grave excsption to Mr Dodae act ou in oonneetion with the aggressive party ia the Boote Church, and also Is regard to his aeouifcomed silence ooncemlng the Holy Ghost and tbe Divinity of Christ, He characterised Mr Dods' teaching as rationalistic. "I tu commissioners briefly replied to Dr Morrison' allegations. Touching tbe doc trinal point they contented tbemselvu with stating that they had not observed anything In Mr Dods's teaching to jnetify the appellant's charges; and, as Mr RailUa said, thay left Mr Dcils and Dr Morrison to fight the question out between themselves. Tic commisrionere were sharply catechised on several points raised on charges against Mr Dods. by Mr Morrison, bat they either answered or parried tbe questions pretty ineolsefnUy from their standpoint. An animated discussion ensunl as to whethar tba farther consideration of tha wboia question shoal. I be adjourned for a week or ao, or whether Uahoulii be at once proceeded with. It eooa became evident that the leading membera of what formerly wae regarded aa tha Anti-Strong party, were united in a desire for the adjournment. The friends of Mr Dods, on the other band, wiihed, as tbe Rev Ground water Fraser put it " to go at it tooth and nail,' ' and go right through with tha matter. Tbe Rave I). 8. H'Eochran, J. L lt?ntoul, A. Ynle, 8. Robertson, and Mr Patten ware ar raigned on the one aide; and the R?v J. Hay« Hev Dr M' Donald, Rev G, Eraser, and Mr H. R. Re id on the other. An extraordinary ecena resulted. The Rev J, Hey eonnded the war note by atyllng his op ponents " those men," a mode of designation they strongly resented. Then Mr Reid greatly angared them by dascribing a private meeting they bed held aa ' hole and corner.' A prolonged and bitter wrangle followed. Mr Hay brought down upon himaeU a furious onslaught, by dacUrlng that a state ment made by Mr Yule was untrue ; It is" and "it is'nt " were bandied freely from side to side of the house ; anl there wae an unmistakable aotto voce of "liar." On one occasion tbe Presbytery was in a seething state of excitement tba spectators applauded or hUsed according aa their sympathies or disapproval wera aroneed, and the Moderator looked on help lessly aod iopotratV unable to maintain any thing approaching order or d« -ornm. 