TALES AND SKETCHES. BORDERLAND/ By MISS JESSIE FOTHERGILL. Auiiiok op "Kith and Kin." " Probation," " Tins 1'iiisT Violin," ic., &c.; chapter II. — MaODALHN and the Nkioiihou- nooo. Otho's arrival had bceu in the oariv part of October. The inlimncy between hiin anil Gilbert gradually increased, and the visits of the friends were" not by any menus confined lo one parly of the alliance. Otho was found as oilen seated in an old arm chair in some one of ihe now faded mid shabby rooms of the ltcd Gable?, as Gilbert was in the statelier anil better preserved apartments of Thorsgarlli. Gilbert nnd his father lived alone foirethcr. They had so lived ever since Michael, lmvin » finished his medical studies, hail come buck nnd bceu made Dr. ilowutreo's assistant. Mr. Langstroth was eno of these men who un doubtedly exist , who, by some moans not to be accounted for by nay personal charm or fascina tion, always have either a devoted wife or a friend who seems willing, ii.y, eager, lo give of his strength in order to make up for their weak nesses. So long as his wife had been living, Mr. Lang, troth had bad a prop. After her deatli her place, ns prop, had been taken by l)r. ll'jwutre.'. nn old " friend of the family," whose yellow washed house, with its green door and brass knocker, stood almost npposito tho Bed Gables, 011 the other side of tho broad old square which formed the west end of Brmlstauc town. Dr. Huvutrce liad indeed been ouo of those friends who stick closer than n brother, who get little nnd givo much, and who seem quite satisfied so long ns they may go on giving, and got an occasional word .'lignilioalivo of trust or appreciation. Sometimes it seems ns if they could exist wilhont even 'so. much aliment for their regard. It was at his instigation und by his advice that Michael had adoutcd the medical profession us his calling in life. Something had to be done ; their fortunes no longer per mitted idleness 011 tho part even ot tho eldest son of tho house. Michael was utterly dis inclined fpr the church, nnd his father for the espouse of preparing him to enter it. For " doctoring, ns they roughly nnd ignnrautly called the healing art, ho had always sliowu n liking nnd, as most ot his spare lima had always been spent at tho litllo Quaker doctor's honse, it was considered that ho had had ample opportunities of judgiug whether this calling would suit him or not. Ho linil elected to follow it, greatly to tho jubilation of his old friend, nnd, having finished his student life, it had been decided that it would ha to tho com fort oud vantage of ull if ho wero to take up his quarters with Dr. Kowutrec, instead of re maining at homo. iuu wont really be separated from them, you know," said tho doctor; "and, being on the premises, you'll got so much better broken in to it." Mr. Langstroth agreed. In his heart he despised tho doctor's calling, nnd wns angry aud ashamed llmt a son of his should have to live by it ; bat, like many another before hint, he took tho benefits that lie hated, and was satisfied so long as they wero not put lietoro him too prominently. IIu would Iiavo been best satistieil if Michael could have followed l'is "trade, ".as tho elder man contemptuously called it, away from Brddstnuc and his nobility-, but the ndvnutngcK of tho present arrangement were loo great nnd too obvious to bo thrown away ; there were no premiums fo pay, on struggle to inako. So Michael lived with Dr. Rowntree, and began lo inako himself acquain ted with tho far from easy life of a country doctor, llis temper was sweet, and his spirit beyond nil idea of stiume in bis position, or complaint at having to work. Ho said little, but went to work with a wi.ll, Gilbert had all along, and as it wero by a sort of tacit consent of nil parties, remained at home with his father, who was now a querulous invalid with n heart complaint. Incidentally, too, as has been said, he devoted a good deal of his time and mind to tho contemplation and PuMhhwl li)- , pedal orrrncemculs vllh the author. All ri- hti ivwivcd. manipulation of their nfiairs, family and | financial. "While Michael hml been studying | in London, letters had now anil then come to him from Gilbert, suggesting flint it was ad visable to sell this or iliat farm, this or that lot of'timbcr in the woods which still belonged to them. To do so would lessen their debts by so much, would case their father's mind, nnd in crease their income by diminishing the amount they nnnually hnd to pay away in interest. To nil nnd each of which propositions, Michncl had been in the habit of yielding unqualified assent, saying that he thought it very good of Gilbert lo sit boring bis eyes out orcr accounts, in the days of his youth. Jfc might ns well have congratulated nn old spider on weaving wclis so skilfully, or complimented a shavk on his kind ness in following that which he best loved — prey, namely, or, in short, have thanked any person warmly for being so disinlorisled as to find pleasure in following his 11ntur.1l bent. Michncl was very young, and hated nil such tasks as those in which Gilbert passed his time. He might have hud Gilbert's office, and Gilbert his, hnd lie so chosen : tho option had been giveu him ; but he did not so choose, and it always seemed lo liim that his best thanks were dne to bis brother for industriously doing that which be would lmve so tinted to do him self. Interested in his studies, and seeing n good deal of society, in which lie was popular, by reason of his good lonk.i, good birth, nnd entire absence oi selfishness or self consciousness, Michael often thought what a good old man Gilbert wn', and what thanks lie, Michncl, would owe hiin, for this sacrificing me unys 01 ins youiii 10 1111 nivalin ! father and a complicated account book, in a 'quiet little country. town at tho world's end. j It certainly was n very quiet little town, as ! it is now, and probably always lias been. ! " Casllo Drudstnne," says'an old chronicler, " standing stately upon Tese." At the time of which ho wrote, he probably literally meant the castle, the grim brown pile which stood 011 the Durham side of tho stream, cunningly planted just nt nil outward sweep of one of its many curves. Gradually it had fallen into decay ; other houses and a small town liad gathered about its feet. Ivy nnd other creepers and climbers now clung about its fierce old towers. Walillowors, ragwort, and the ivy leaved snapdragon peeped and nodded in nt the narrow little slits of windows : kindiv nature did all in her power to beautify wlint bad been so cruel and so liineou«, till now the grim old fastness sat harmless aloft, aud the river rushed aud murmmed far below, ns of yore. Auy 0110 who chooses mny lenrn how Walter ScoltJ ivi h the seer's eye of genius, pictured Bradsfimo Castle, and the prospects which from its " wilt ell tower high gleamed gradual on the jvnrder's eye nnd to this day. tho prospect upon which it looks is little changed. Though the streams sweeps by beneath it, laden with the tale of several centuries more, their woe nnd bloodshed, grief and tragic story, yet the outlines 01 tiie lanu itseir, the woods, rue 11111s, must be similar to what they where when old J, eland, looking upon it, "recorded, "Caslle Bradstanc sitiudclli stately upon Tese." Tho inhabitants, who gradually built houses, and clustered about the old pile and beyond it, to the east, had been, taken nil in all. u wild race of people, a herder race. To this day tbey arc bold, sliirdv, and independent. Strange tales are sometimes told of the ohl families' of (lie vicinity;, gentle nnd simple — tales in which boili gentleness and simplicity are conspicuous by their absence. Great cities have their great sins, their great faults, wrongs nnd iniquities ; and we arc very much in the habit of speaking in condemnatory terms of them, and of lauding the beauties of tiie ccuu- try, and tho simpleness nnd gentleness, and, above ull, tho naturalness nnd absence of pre tension in Die life there. Aud, certainly, city life, rnrricd to excess, has in it a morbid foverishuess and nnrest which is uo true life. But in country life, wlieu it is lived in out- of- the-way spots — moorland farms, secluded dales, places far from railways and trallic— there is often a certain morbidness, ns well us in the life of a town. Tho very solitude nnd loneli ness tend to foster and bring out any peculiari ties, any morbid characteristics, and to confirm nnd strengthen eccentricities and idiosyncracios. One of the good tilings that much-abused pro gress will do in lime, will be to sivcop away some of these ugly ohl country habits of indo lence aud eloddisiiness, nud selfish, soulless sen suality, which still exist, and that sometimes amidst tho sweetest aud most exquisite natural surroundings. At this later time of which I write, Brad stanc was more the abode of confirmed Philit- tiuism than of anything else. There were a few wealthy nud well-born families, who possessed seats in llic neighborhood — Halls, Parks, Courts, Houses — and who shut them selves up in tliem, aud led their own lives, on 110 evil terms with tho shopkeepers and dis senters of the village itself, hut quite apart mul distinct from them. The only ouo of these houses which stood within the preciucts of tho town was the Red Gables, Mr. Langstrotlfs rlwelliug-plnce. It was a large old house, rising straight out of the street. Tho laud that belouged to it consisted chiefly of farms in the vicinity, nud some woods more distant still. Further out, at a fine old place higher up the river, situated like Thorsgartli, crt one of its tuauy " reaches," nud called Balder llill, lived nn old maiden lady, Miss Martha Sirangforth, at whoso (loath, which, said wise report, could not bo very far off, seeing that she was older tliau Ibo cculury, and a luuriyr to rheumatic gout, her cstalo aud fortune would pass to a nephew of the saino name. Four years ago hnd corno lo live with her an orphan grand niece, one Magdalen Wyntcr by namo ; a cold, handsome, self contained girl of eighteou, who made no frieuds, aud was seldom seen walking outside her aunt's grounds, but who sometimes passed through Bradstanc town, driving in one of the Balder Hall carriages, dressed with n perfection of simple clcgnnco which the Philis tine inhabitants called " plainness," and lookiug as if. for auglit tbey could say to the contrary, all tho woild belonged to her. Sometimes she stopped at ouo ot the shops, aud thon she was treated with respect, as tho uicce of ricli old Miss Stmngforth. On tlieso occasions, sho was wont to give very clear, concise orders, in n very clear, decided voico, low und gentle, hut too monotonous to bo called musical. Her beautiful young face was seldom, if ever, seen to smilo ; and yet, ono could hardly lnivo said that she looked unhappy, though sho might havo been accused of appearing indifforeut. Oaco, some few weeks after her arrival, stopping al the stationer's and bookseller's shop kept liy Mr. Dixon, iu the main street of tho town, the footuiau opened the door, and she got out and went into tho shop. Mrs. Dixon caine forward to attend to her wants, nnd wns followed hv a pretty little girl of some ten years old, a child with a delicate skin, small; oval fuce, straight little nose, brown liuir nnd eyes — all very neat and clonr, and clean anil pretty. She hid rather shyly behind her mother. Is that your child ?" asked Miss Wyntcr, pointing with her parasol nt tho girl. " Yes, miss, this is Ada, onr only one."' "Oh, indeed! How old is she " Ten, was a month last Sunday." "All, she is a pretty little creature. Docs she go to sciiool 1" " Yes, miss ; but it's lier holiday-time now." "I wish you'd let her come home with me, and I'll show her soma pretty things. I am very louoly." Tho last words were spoken in the quiet, un interested tone in which ouo says. " What a dull day it is !" ns ii they hardly referred to herself, but to something outside her. " Oil yes, iniss, she may go. I'm sure it's very good of you. But I fear she'll bo a trouble to you." ' Not at all, or I should not have asked her. Would you like to conic with me, little Ada?"' asked Miss Wyntcr, turning to tho child neither coldly nor unkindly, but with no change of expression at all — no lighting up of her soit, dark, quiet eyes : not the ghost of a smile upon her tranquil sculptured lips. At first, Ada hung back ; and her mother began to expostulate with her, saying how good i it was of the lady to invito her to go with her. a no lany, in 111c same soil ana gcniic tone, remarked presently — "Oil, she won't understand that, of course, j If you will come with 1110, Ada, I will give I you a pretty uecklacc, and a ribbon." ! Al this prospect, all hesitation fled. Ada ! submitted at once to bo made ready, Mrs. I Dixon remarking admiringly — ! " I'll:, but you have found the right lead to her heart, miss, and that cleverly." " I will sit here aud wail till she is rendy. Don't put on licr best frock or anything of that kind, you know. She will do just ns she is." Miss Wyntcr furthermore promised to re store Ada to her home and frieuds later in the evening, but Mrs. Dixon said she had to send her servant to the Balder Hull farm for butter, and she should call for the little girl nnd bring her back. Ada was perched in the carriage beside Miss Wyntcr, in which position she was seen of sundry comrades as she drove away. They called to her ; asked her where she was goiug. aud cried — " Eli, bur, Ada, what a grand lady you arc, to be sure !" Ada took nn manner of notice of tliem, but looked straight before her. "Why do you not kiss your baud to your friends, and "say good-bye to them?" asked Magdalen, turning indifferently, ns she lay uaCK, niso liuuirercnuy, anuiooxcu wiui rnngum curiosity at the little Hushed face nnd small figure, bristliug with importance, beside her. " 'Cause I'm a young lady, aud they arc little common village girls," was the reply, so unexpected, that even Miss Wyutcr's cyo3 were opened wide, und her eyebrows were raised, as she heard it. ' Indeed?" she said. "And do you think you nrc really a yoiiug lady ?" " Not like tou, yet," was the reply, " be cause I'm not old enough ; but I shrill be sometime. Mamma says I'm so pretty I shrill be sure lo marry a gentleman ; and I'm going fo Icurn French and music." "Oh. indeed!" drawled Magdalen. "You are going to marry a gentleman. What is a gentleman ? Did your mother tell you that, too ?" "She did'nt tell rac, but! know," replied Ada. " Well, suppose you tell me. Then I shall know, loo." " A gentleman is rich, and has a large honse, aud " " Docs a gentleman keep a shop ?'' "No." "Then what is your father ?' " Oil, I don't know." Magdalen proceeded, in a languid, indifferent way, to draw her out. lu a very short lime she lmd gauged the depths, or rather the shnllows, of Ada Dixou's mind. It contained nothing but shallows then ; it was destined never to coulniii anything else, heuccforth aud for evcr- From that day sho was more or less Miss Wyutcr's inutajt'e and plaything. Sometimes the connection flagged ; sometimes when the winter weather was bitter, or tiie summer beats overpowering, when Miss Wyntcr was iudolent and when Ada was promoted to 11 boarding- school, there were gaps iu the intercourse ; but tho acquaintance was never broken off, aud it was not without its iufluencc in both lives, nnd on more destinies than theirs alone. The Dixons were well to do, prosperous, con ventional tradespeople, more retail than whole sale iu every sense of tho words. Ho had grown fat by charging sixpence where other people charged fivepence, by a consistent practice of telling many lies during the week, and dili gently repenting him of his transgressions aud bowailiug his sius twice every Sunday iu the parish church. That is, ho bewailed his sius with his mouth, and wheuovor tiownmug nnp- poued to be printed iu the prayer- book ; but bo knew much hotter than the prayer book what was the way iu which to get ou iu the world, nnd perhaps, if lie liad spoken out his whole mind, cleanly and honestly, would havo said that since tlio Lord, by pulling so much com petition into tho world, had made it such a hard business for folk to bold their heads above water, lie must even excuse them from doing it iu the best way they could. Mrs. Dixon, like 11 faithful nnd loyal wife, had aided and abeticd him in his praiseworthy offorts to get on in the world. Tliev liad suc ceeded iu their aim, nnd were respected and looked up to by all who knew them. He was vicar's warden, an overseer of the poor, one of tho best known men iu public and parochial affairs in "all the district, llo could afford to send llis daughter to school ; to keen her out of tho shop ; to dress licr " stylishly, ' as they called it ; to givo her a piano, and buy pioces of music for her to play upon it ; nnd all these things ho did with a good grace, nnd looked to Ada to form an alliance which should be to the credit of the family and her owu glory. Thero were other woll to do tradesmen in Bradstane, and many who wore but ill to do. There was the lawyer, Mr. Couingsbv, who lived not far away from tbo Langstroth ; thero wns Doctor Rowntrco ; there was tho vicar, Mr. Johnson, with Mrs. Johnson, bis wife, nnd their numerous progeny. They lived in nn old brown house, in n kind of close, near tho church, with a wailed garden containing apricot nnd plum trees. Other religious bodies were represented by two dissenting ministers and their flocks, nnd by a Friend's Sleeting, the liead und front of which was Doctor Rowntrec. These denominations, of course, had churches and chapels iu which they worshipped. There wero some curious old houses iu the main street, and there was a long and unlovely thoroughfare called Bridge-street, more like a slum than anything else, where the women were pale, nnd the children stunted, and the inhabitants of which, taken all iu all, did not enjoy the best of reputations. One side of tins street was built to Hie liver bank over- Iiauging tiie stream ; nnd in the spring and autumn, or when thunderstorms prevailed, the lower rooms of those houses would be flooded. Going along Bridge-street, one did not guess how near the liver ono was, till one came iipon an opening here and there — a gully or a tunnel, or a narrow, dark passage — aud looking down it, one could see ihe rushing brown waters flow ing ceaselessly on, without haste and without rest, from the fastness whence they had sprung— Where Tecs in tumult leaves his source. Tluindurhig o'er Cauldron n;u' Force. Such was, superficially, the outward aspect of Brailstan'o town, when Otho Askam and the two Langstroth? met after, ' their many years separation; such it had' been for years back. It was not wliat is culled "a growing town," nnd whatever drama mignt be played within its pre cincts, its exterior, objective side, was not likely to change very much, Caaitei: III. — L.ixosTnoTit's Fou.v. Ono November evening, or rnlber, late in tiie afternoon, Otho had dropped in at the Red Gables, where ho had found Gilbert nud his father. Mr. Langstroth received the young man with urbanity ; lie had all along seemed satisfied with Gilbert's new friend. Gilbert himself looked up from his desk, and greeted the visitor tranquilly. " Sit down and make yousctf at home," said he, pushing a tobacco jar towards Askam. But Otho did not nt. once sit down. " Will you come home nud dine with me?" lie asked, in his curt way. "I'm sorry I can't," Gilbert said, polite as usual. " You see these papers ? I hnve more than an hour's work upon them vet." Otho never scoffed at Gilbert's "business," though ho was rendy to sneer at that of any oue else. All lie uttered now was a disap pointed "Humph." " Stny aud have diuner with us," said Gil bert. " How did you come ? " "I rode." "From home? Oil your way anywhere," "No. I'm ou mv way irom Balder Hall," replied Otho, with something like a scowl. Gilbert looked at him, carelessly, it seemed. 1 lien lie sain — " Well, send your horse round, and stay, as I said — I want Askam to have dinner with us," iie added, turning to his fattier. " 1 wish lie wcu'd. We shall lie delighted, if lie will take us as we are," responded Mr, Langstroth. Otiio still seemed to hesitate a little, till Gilbert, with a rather steady look nt liiui, which was not seen by his father, continued — "Look here. I'll propose something else. -I've been tied down to this work all day, nud I haven't hnd a turn ont of doors. Dine "with us, ns I said, nnd afterwards I'll walk back with yon to your house. I iiavo 'an errand iu the town. It'll do yon no harm to travel ou vonr own legs for once in n way, nnd \ ou can 'send I one of your fellows for your horse, llow will j that do ? " I Otho's brow cleared. " That will do very I well," paid he, taking a chair, "it suits 1110 j down to the ground. Get on with that work, : and I'll talk to your father." Gilbert, having rung and given liis orders as to tho accommodation of Oilio's horse, turned liis back upon t'nein, and did not address another word to them until the man announced diuner, when bo put liis papers iu a drawer which lie locked, and gave bis arm to llis father to sup port him to the diningrooin. Otho followed them. Despite the poverty of the house of Langstroth, the meals there were nlways rather choice, well-cooked, and well served. Mr. Langstroth, it wns understood, depended n good deal for liis health of mind as well ns of body upon the due observance of such tilings. Soon after thoy had begun. Gilbert observed care lessly that liioy hadn't seen Michael all day ; lie had expected him to dinner. . "He's diniug at Balder Hall," said Otiio, even more curtly than usual. ' All ! Had he arrived when von left ?" " No." " And how was my future sister-in-law?" " She said she was all right," was the gruff reply, ns Otho fixed his eyes for a moment upon Gilbert, a little deliautlv, one might nlinost have said. Nothing more was said about any of these topics — Balder Hall, or Michael, or Magdalen. When dinner was over, and tbey bad gone back to the library, Gilbert settled his father with the greatest care, arranging with liis own hands liis easy-chair, small table, reading lamp nnd nil his other requisites. » 1 OU iyuu I iiutui iiijr leaving ) mi iui an hour or two ?' lie asked. "Notntall, Gilbert. You wnut some air aud exercise. Go and get it." " Would yon like me to ask the doctor to call iu V" " No, no," was the somewhat testy reply. " 1 seo him of leu enough, without yon asking him lo come." "Michael is sure to look in on his way home, hut I shall most likely be back by then. — Now, Ortio, if you're ready." As they slopped out of the house, they be came aware that n change bad fallen over the weather, which bad been cold. Tho sky was full of rack, driven rapidly across it by n strong yet soft south-west wind." The moon gleamed through the clouds, nnd a gush of rain was blown against tlieir faces, " llnlloa 1 Raining!" exclaimed Gilbert. "Do you mind a drop of vain?" ho addced, "or will you ride homo?" "Oh, i'm not afraid of a litllo weather," replied Otho. " Where do you want to go?" " Where you have never boon yet," said his companion. " "Down to the Townoud, as they call it Come along. It isn't much ont of onr w.iy fo Thorsgnrlh." 6tbo followed in a docilo manner. Now that ho had got what ho soomod to have boon aim ing at, his tete-a-tete with Gilbert, nil traces of 6uVlenness and impatience bad vanished. Bull- dogs, surly to all the world beside, are tame and obedient to their masters ; and there wns a good deal of tho bulldog iu the way in which Otho followed Gilbert about. When they had got through the busiest and most inhabited part of the town, they found themselves almost alone in a steep street, des- ccnding rapidly towards the the river. As they got further down it, the houses gradually be came more bare and rough looking ; and, some of them, more and more ancient in appearance. Looking down the hill, it appeared as if the street ended in a rid clc snn, as if there were no egress tliat way from Bradstanc town. And the avail which appeared to sbat the place in, nnd block np the road at that side, consisted of the frontage of lavo high factories. There aa-ns in reality a narrow passage between them, through which access was obtained to the river, and by menus of which oiio arrived at an iron footbridge, itglv,' but useful. This could not lie porcciv.nl at the distance they uoav were from ' the mills. ' What 011 earth do you want down here?" growled Otiio, between two puffs ut his pipe. " Wc possess a bit of property down there," Gilbert auswcreil him. " It is "perfectly mean ingless anil perfectly useless to us. It cumbers the ground, and has swallowed up n pot of money which wo ought to be enjoying the benefit -of now. I sometimes walk down to it, to look at it, and (hink what a folly it was. ' Langslrolh's Folly,' it ought to he cnlled. Townciid Mills is the name it actually bears. There it is !" as the moon shone out brightly for a few miiinics, and showed the dark' mass of roc inciories rising inmost uircctiy in iront or. them. " You're a queer one !" said Otho, not with out 11 kind of admiration in. liis tones. " Where's the sense of fretting yourself by coming mid looking alii? It's like trying to ileal a raw by scraping." " Your simile would lie just, if I did irritate . myself," replied Gilbert gently. " My dear Otho " — lie spoke impressively, aud laid his hand for a moment on tho other's arm — " I never let anvthing irritate me. I make it a rate " " Never — 1 never say never," said Otho. " No saying what will turn up. Leave it to chance. That's the best way. Besides. Mag — some one was saving to rac, only the other day, that it's only very young people who never do what they oughtn't." It wns on the tip 01 Gilbert's tongue to say, - ' I know 1 ran young, but, then, I have taken cure to be very wise, too," because we are npt to Uurt out the thoughts nearest our hearts- But ho said quietly — " Yes, I know 1 am young, but I have bad a good deal to do that generally falls to older people. With Michael choosing to leave us and lake liis own way, I have had 11 good deal to think about, and a good deal of help to give to my poor governor in liis business affairs ; and I soon found that, if you want to get ou at all in business, you must keep your temper, v<|'vCiuiiy wiicii jCii nrc «i poor nii n j wim fallen fortunes, against the world " " Be banged if I could over keep my temper a' out business, or anything che tliat wont wrong with me i" "Ah, you can afford to lose your temper," said Gilbert, iu a cold voice, which caused Othc hastily io say that lie had meant no offence ; aud Gilbert proceeded — " So, as 1 say. 1 doa't let the Towncml Mills irritate mc, though one might get irritated enough about tliem if ouo would : but I come nud smoke my pipe, and walk round tliem now and again, aiid think quietly. I feel as if I might, some time or other, have a good idea on the subject, you know — an idea that might ha worked into something. Don't you trouble : yourself about them. I won't detain you long. Here we are 