MR GEORGE MULLER. The final meeting of Mr Müller’s services was held last night, in Congregational Church, Dawson street. The church was packed, many standing in the aisles and ■numbers being unable to secure admission. The Rev. Dr Roseby presided. Mr Müller chose John xiv., 25, 26 “ These things have I spoken unto you, being yet present with you, but the Holy Ghost, the Comforter whom the Father will send in my name, he shall bring all things to your remembrance, whatsoever I have said to you.” Mr Müller remarked that again and again before our Lord’s crucifixion He gave the pro mise of the Holy Ghost, and after the resur rection the promise was repeated. On the Day of Pentecost the Holy Spirit was given. He sustains a great variety of offices, being spoken of as a teacher, as one who would bring all things to their remembrance. An other office of the Spirit is to testify of Christ; also, to convince the world of sin, righteousness, and judgment. Again, it was said, He will guide you into all truth. He also opens prophecy to us. He glorifies Christ; He sanctifies believers. The main subject of the address was stated to be this: —By gift of Spirit the Church of God receives spiritual power. The Apostolic office was not now in existence, but the grace which the Apostles enjoyed still exists for all be lievers. Consideration was next given to Acts, i. 8, “Ye shall receive power after that the Holy Ghost is come upon, you.” What was meant by power? It.was not miraculous power, but a complete alteration in spiritual state. Peter was given as an example. His conduct at the trial of his Master, when three times he denied with oaths the Saviour, was contrasted with his subsequent conduct, when he stood without shrinking before the rulers of the people. The reason was the Holy Spirit had been given. The conduct of the disciples before and after Pentecost was afterwards referred to. Before that time these men disputed as to supremacy—afterwards they would have taken the lowest place to glorify Christ. Mr Müller said we should not seek after miracu lous powers, but obtain spiritual power., There was no change in the temporal posi tion of the disciples after Pentecost; they did not attain intellectual, but spiritual gifts. They had not wealth or influence, after, any more than before, Pentecost, but power attended their lives and utterances. This spiritual power which they enjoyed may be possessed by all Christians now. The spirit of God is as much with the church to-day as at any time. He was given to abide for ever. Wherever Christians are there the Holy Ghost dwells. Mr Müller then asked the all important question:“Have you the Holy Ghost?” quoting the Apostles words—“lf any man hath not the Spirit of Christ he is none of His.” We may attend meetings, conduct family prayer, observe religious ordinances, and yet be without the Holy Spirit. We must not be satisfied with the form without the power. The question for each is, “ Have I the Spirit ?” And if any one is convinced that he has not the Spirit let him remember the text in which it is said “ After ye be lieved ye were sealed with the Spirit.” The Spirit of God comes when a man passes 1 sentence of condemnation on himself and receives Christ as his Saviour and Lord. The question was then dealt with, “How does spiritual power not come as it came to early Disciples ?” It is true the Spirit is grieved by the lives of Christians. Worldliness creeps in and the channel of communication between us and God is closed up, and spiritual power is lacking. Quenching the spirit Mr Müller next referred to and said when this takes place, though the Spirit was not withdrawn, He was as a spark of fire beneath a heap of ashes. The truth taught in the verse:— “ Greater works than these shall ye do,” was next spoken of, and it was shown that after Pentcost the disciples won more for Christ than our Lord Himself, in His last ministry. The reason was clear. It was Christ’s de sire to give this honor to His followers, and in all work after Pentecost the same gracious purpose of our Divine Saviour was notice able. Mr Müller then referred to awakenings in Scotland and England and other places where spiritual work had been accomplished. After stating that because of the Holy Ghost dwelling in Christians all such men may be soul-winners, Mr Müller asked each Chris- tian to put to himself the weighty momen tous enquiry, “ How many have been brought to Christ through my instrumen tality ?” Let us fear lest we grieve or quench the Spirit by living in sin, yielding to fleshly lusts. Then there will be no spiritual results, but merely barrenness. It was stated that God delights in seeing us win others to Himself. He has pleasure in Christians leading devoted lives, but desires also that we should bring others to the Saviour by the might power of the Spirit. Reference was then made to the words, “If any man thirst let him come to me and drink.” An invitation was given to the un saved to come to the Saviour, who was so ready to receive all poor sinners who ap proach Him—trusting Him, accepting Him as their sin-bearer. Mr Müller then spoke of the latter clause of the same verse, when it is said, “Out of believers’ inner being should flow rivers of living water,” i.e., the Spirit of God. If we are believers (he said), we should enquire why we do not minister the Spirit to others whom we meet. If we do not, lot us ask, “Should we not shake off those things in us which are contrary to the Spirit of God ?” Though we have not miraculous gifts, we should possess spiritual power. If the spirit of grace and supplication were poured out upon us, what blessed days we should be permitted to see, to the honor and glory of God in this City, and throughout these southern lands. After prayer by Mr Müller,' Dr Roseby referred to the fact that as this was the closing meeting, he desired to say how much Mr Müller’s visit has been appreciated, and stated that members, and especially many of the natives of the colonies, will look back upon the visit of the venerable philanthropist with great delight. Mr Müller had been heard of by all, but this visit would be re garded as a red-letter day in their history, when they had the honor and privilege of seeing and listening to the devoted servant of God. All present and all Christians every where prayed that the richest blessings of our Heavenly Father might rest upon the honored head of their illustrious friend and father. Prayer by Rev. John Garde having been offered, the chairman announced the mission of Mr and Mrs Mountain, to be held by night next week, beginning this evening, in the Congregational Church. Mr Müller then pronounced the benediction, and the meeting closed. 