ECHOES AND RE-ECHOIS. LUNATIC LYRICS. SECOND BUSIES. [Br March Bare.] No. S-A NEW PYGMALION AND GALATEA. Young hearts we know are like sensitive places, Where Photographer Love has the chemicals mixed; One glimpse of a face or a figure—ye fates!— And the neaven-lunnea image instanter is fixed. With man or maid it is much the same, A glance of an eye—be it blue or block— And henceforth then 'tis their only aim To feast on the ieatures beloved—good lack! Come list the tale of a Government clerk, Of susceptible soul and of temperament warm, One bound to sblne as a person of mark. Since trough doing small good he was guiltless of barm. At 10 a.m. be was at bis post, At 1 he his stomach with buns would stay; At 4 he left—and I haven't a ghost Of a notion what duties were his all day. One eve as homeward he leisnreiy strolled, At the Waxworks he paused, paid his coin and went in; Twas Kismet clearly his footsteps controlled, The romance of his life was that eve to begin. Too late for nebs and too soon for snobs, The rooms seemed deserted by all but he; A crowd one of half of one's pleasure robs. When going wax figures which "move," to see. Onr clerk, whose name was Bartholomew Green, On the right saw a form which deprived him of breath; No maid so fair in his dreams had he seen, And he knew that this vision would haunt him till death. Brown hair, broa d brow, and a small, pre ud mouth, A waxen complexion of blush.rose tint, And eyes like skieB of the sapphire South, Bat of softness, or love, in those orbs no glint. With white bands clasped, and an uplifted face, She stood gazing forlorn at a big belted knigbt, Who.e frown so stern bore no signal or trace That his soul in such homage as this took delight. Bis list. Green scanned, but sue was not there. "New figure, no doubt," be again must come; One farewell look, with a love- sick air. He fled for bis train and suburban home. At Ave next day, with a iast beating heart, Be was back at the Waxworks—enraptured young Ah, well, 1' faith, might he stagger and start As the figure to " move" at hu entrance began. One glance she gave, full of cold surprise, Of hauteur made angry by shame and pain, Then slowly turned and half lowered her eyes, Then resumed her first picturesque pose again. "She moved, she moved," what a goddess-like head, Every action is perfect, what science, what skill, "Her name aud price I" he excitedly said, " Though I starve on a crust till I settle the bilL" The attendant stared, gave a low, short laugh, Then bent nearly double with vulgar sport, And sobbed, " Oh, Lord, what a hiuuersent calf I If this baint a cove of the greenest sort I" "He jeers, coarse brute I" said Bartholomew Green, " bis low mind cannot grasp such devotion to Art! I muBt watch and wait till I win her, I ween, And when once she Is mine we will nevermore part." So thence each eve at the hour of five, He tendered bis Bbilling and throbbed and burned, And mostly, thus, did this clerk contrive To be there when her questioning eyes she turned. At last one eve she was missing, he found; And he rushed to the checktaker, pallid and hoarse— " The figure, the figure, that used to turn round! bbe is stolen, ye gods, send, oh send for 'the Force' I" The coarse brute laughed with his loud guffaw, "Sire's a young married woman, you drivelling fool; She's bought the knight which yon no doubt saw, nd carted him off to a Sculpture School." The Czar of Russia must have been pain fully surprised at the unexpected arrest of Prince Alexandor of Bulgaria. He is so wrapped up in his domestic duties, and takes so little interest in foreign affairs, especially anything connected with Constantinople, Afghanistan and Bulgaria, that the news must have " tore him all up," as the Yankees put it. It is a shame to startle .a Czar like that, it might spoil bis digestion, and upset his judgment. How very vexed he must have been at the disturbance. It is no wonder that he was "took all aback," and it was quitB unneces sary for him to take such pains to assure Yurrup that he was quite innocent of the whole affair; all Europe implicitly believes him; the Russian is always so fair and above board, so open hearted and candid that one cannot but believe him when he says, like the schoolboy to John Bull, "It wasn't me, Sir." A boy was seriously thinking of running away from home ia the North some time ago, when bis mother asked him to go and bring in some light sticks to kindle the lire. The boy went out but did not return. No tidings were heard of him for months, when one evening nearly a year afterwards he walked in carrying a bundle of sticks, saying, "where will you have them, mother," jnst as if he had not been gone five minntes. There was something comic in that boy's nature. It looks like irony to manufacture a new gunpowder for the pnrpose of destroying millions of our fellow-creatures and call the new compound by the domestio name of "cocoa." Fancy a man being killed by "cocoa-powder"—"a nice cup of tea" that would be for the victim. But gunpowder by any other name would kill as dead. They have coffee and cocoa at some restaurants quite enough to kill any man not case hardened in the stomachic region. Perhaps it was experiments In this way that led to the manufacture of the " cocoa" gunpowder. There might be some riBk of mixing np the cocoa of the battle-field and the coooa of the breakfast table, especially at country stores where they sell everything from a needle to a needle-gun, and some unhappy honBehclder may ses the eook going through the kitchen roof while in the act oi making his morning cup. The idea that poverty must necessarily manifest itself by palpable external signs is pretty general, and a number of well-to-do spectators of tiie working men's celebration on Wednesday appeared to be much exercised in mind because there were no bare feet, out at-elbow coats, torn garments, and bare beads abroad. The general comment was " Well, this does not'look much like distress." An eight-hours man in reply to such a remark said —'"A decent coat don't always mean a full pocket, no more than a ragged one means no coppers. Many a man you see here and his wiie and family don't exactly know where the next shilling ib to come from, bat you see working people here put more store by clean clothes than they do at home. You can't often see a man going down the streets of Adelaide in his shirt sleeves — he respects himself too much or that unless he is a'lusher.' If he ashes well he don't care much how he goes I about. I wouldn't mind betting that Bome | of the holiday clothes here to-day are bor rowed ; poor people are very kind to each other, more than the rich are amongst | themselves, yon can make sore of that.: There is many a heavy heart nnder their holiday clothes, thongh they don't think of it yet, bnt times is cer tainly looking more hopeful, and a holiday ike this does people good, freshens them up j little and keeps the heart up. It's only once a year, and many of them pats the money by for months before in pennies and that in the money-box or the old stocking, Don't yon make a mistake and think a olean rigout means wages constant, not a bit of it." I 