TRAINING NOTES. ELEMINGTON, ToesdAt. This vu a morning of good sound work, there being plenty to mo on both the ton tmck and inside the course, with nothing aensational or exception ally brilliant. The one drawback, if it our be eo con sidered, waa the terribly cold wind ; but luckily the rain held off, and the morning'* proceeding*, from before 6 till btlf-put 7, were of a abort, sharp, and deoidve character. The firit to claim attention were Ail Gold-and Don 01ovan, who went a mart mile, inside the oouree. Cyotopa and Bern us had a mile and three-quarters etroqg on the same track, and were brought home by Mainsail Shan Trident apd Monte ^risto wen ottered onto, the ordlnenrtea track by Mr. Fennrtty, tad the pair did a 1 mile and<a half. tAaotr Mao oegStieted the 1 tf« round the tin, recording 3m. 56s, for the first, and! two seconds more tor the second. Halcyon was re stricted to three-quarter pace work, and Bnrrilds ] was similarly employed. Crossfire had Louie for a | companion round the tan gallop, one being as good [ as the other at the finish lor 1m. 553a. Brown and j Rose and Silrer King were given a couple of rounds ■ strongly, while Tarpeia went at hall-pace. Acme I and Tamarisk performed their allotted task inside j the course. The first circle was slow, by j way of preliminary, after which they were let , , out, and marked lm. 54js. for the second round. | | Chcshaui and Blairgowrie worked moderately, the j ; former on the tan and the latter on the sand. Aber- | | deen and Lara were sent a smsrt spin inside the ; course, doing hall a mile in 56a., whilst Pontiles and ; I Sumatra negotiated five furlongs in lm 7s. Metal j | took the tan track (with O'Brien up), and he strode | I round, then being joined by Cat's Lye (or another • | circle The Baron did a useful gallop, as d:d also j Go'dlake ; while Eckersley, Hinemoa, and Matanina galloped five furlongs inside the course in lm. 7js. i Trenton (with Robertson up) and Dunlop were sent , for a strong two-mile gallop, while Commotion ; had a long sweating bout on the tan. Pcylla and ; Liberty were given a strong gallop, and Lord H ilton j and Lara were treated in the same way round the tan track, St. John and Genoe working indde the course, where Jessica and Esperanoe spurted. Mi randa and Abvdos brushed borne, and Lord William and Industry were Bent along the coarse track for a good mile and a half, a round of which was done in lm. o7s. Bravo and Kingfish likewise were asked to do the same amount of work ; and Zeno was given an improving gallop round the tan. Ellington started off on the tan, and slipped on to the outer track to finish. New stead, who is gradually becoming like himself of old, went at three-quarters paoe; and Toronto and Hiiron galloped. Uortcnse only- exercised ; but Affluence had a couple of turns round the tan, at the conclu sion of which be pulled up decidedly groggy. Iscnomv began with a round at three-quarters pace, and then struck out for a genuine gallop, which he accomplished in the excellent time ot.lm.61s. A number of other horses were down for unimportant work. Wednesday. The sand track was in fairly good order this morn ing. thanks to the change in the wind, and everyone looked forward to a splendid round of work on Thurs day. This being one of the off mornings of the week, little strong galloping was anticipated. Yetman and Lancer opened the ball soon after daybreak lor ser viceable work. Commotion treated the onlookers to one o! his old-time performances, as the champion was sent on a fast two miies gallop round the tan, the genuineness of which may be judged from the fact that the last round was'compassed in 1.52. Tren ton followed in precisely the same style, having Orator to assist him the last mile ; bat the latter was of no use, and died away to nothing in the last 100 yards, Trenton accomplishing his second mile in half a second more than Commotion, whilst he bad the outside of the going into the bargain. This was altogether a fine performance. After this, Miranda and Abydos executed a smart five furlongs, while Cfaesbam strode round the tan; and Hunting Tower and Oceana went a fast five furlongs in lm. 7Js. Mr, Fennelly's youngsters were treated to gentle exercise round the sand, where Hexham, Volcano, Trident, Monte Christo, Acme, and; Tamarisk were similarly employed. Eckersley (with CoUey up) strode round the outer trade, and spurted home; while Industry cantered on the tan. Aglaos and Opal galloped inside the course, and the latter fairly pulled up to advantage. Kingfish and Bravo each had a useful gallop on the sand track; and Lord William went at three-quarter pace round the tan. JFish o' Silrer, First Consul, and Mcnotti all cantered; and Hinemoa and Matamua galloped fire furlongs on the sand. Uaddelina, The Agent, and Louis all went slowly ; and Caloola was given useful work. The Pencil and Huron were despatched in company for a strong gallop inside the course ; whilst Ellington, Hareiock, and Toronto were amongst those that cantered. The following also went slowly: —Isonom.v, Satyr, Perhaps, Sardius, Kit Nubbles, St. John, Genoe, Metal, and a host of others. Thcbsdat. The sand track was in splendid order this morning, the result of the favourable wind that followed the rain, and the training ground was occupied at the | various points of vantage by hundreds of spectators for folly three hours after break of day. For the I principal morning of the week, and almost on the eve of the Maribyrnotig Plate and Derby, the anticipations of plenty to see were amply realised, and the broken and fitful work of the previous fortnight or three weeks was at last replaced by a succession ol genuine galloping. The Cup horse Lancer was sent on to the tan at a quarter- j past 4 for a couple of strong rounds, the last of which be covered in lm. 51s. Cyclops was despatched for the Chip journey round the Band trade, with Remus and Mainsail at different stages as assistants, and the I final circle was done by the eon of St. Albans in 2m. 36s. All Gold was given a strong round on the outer track, and Hogmanay bad a useful spin round the tin, where Halcyon and Burrilda worked strongly. First Consul and Menotti were •Hotted three-quarter pace work; and then Brown and Bose and Silver KiDg were despatched for a mile and a half on the tan, the last mile of the journey being accomplished by the little mare in lm. 62js., while her stable companion was beaten off. Cbesbam and Orator ran round (be sand in 2m. 37s., with 2s. 23a. for a mile and a quarter. Edith and Umbra were treated to good work on the tan ; and then Trident, who had been anxiously looked for by the occasional viators, made his appearance on tbe sand, with Hales up, and Volcano followed. The delegated task was a mile and a half, the diffe rent points of which were marked as follows:—Five furlongs, lm. lis.; seven furlongs, lm. 40s.; a mile, lm. 541s.; a mile and a quarter, 2m. 23s.; the round, 2m. 37Js.; and the full journey, 2m. 54£s. Before the finish of the spin it seemed as though both were pretty well all out. Metal and Cai's-eye went a mile and five furiongs, doing a mile and a half in 2m. 54a Sumatra and Pontafex, without plates, were stripped for a fire furlongs' bunt, at tbe cud of which the palm of supe riority had been fairly earned by the former in 54ja for iudf a mile, and lm. e|a for the full distance. Pontile* playing the part cf stemchoser at the finish. Haddelina commenced a mile and a half gallop, with Crossfise a score yards in the rear. The round was covered in 2m. 34£e., and when they palled off Crossfire did not appear to have decreased the gap a yard. The Agent went a mile and a half round the sand, and Sedition was given a good gallop. Trenton and Dunlop were restricted to three parts speed, and Industry and Goldlakc worked strongly on the tan; while Kingfish, piloted by U'Grade, was let out at futl speed. Lord William and Bravo went a sterling good gallop round the sand, cover ing a utile and a quarter in 2m. lSJa, and the circle in 2m. S3}a Aberdeen and Lava went for a fire-furlongs spin, Holes being on tbe colt, and Ellis on the filly. 1 It was very soon evident how the gallop would end, for Aberdeen, who lost ground through run ning toward* the gate, was in trouble at half-a mile, and Lava consequently came in alpML with the record of lm. &s.;, or 52&e.; for the half-mile., Both youngsters had jbqir plates off. Lesbis srent afast mile and a half Inside the course, brought home by Margrave. Ringmaster, First Prinoe, and The Fobber did tho same amount Of work en the same track. Hinemoa, Matamna, and Bckeraley spurted fire furiongs in fine style, and Jebu ats, atoog wuh Straight Shot, did a three-furlong sprint lutOJa Hexham and Monte Cbristonex t com manded attention, when they started off at the half mile posh The journey was a mile and a half, and fire writings marked lm. 7a, a mile lm. 50a., the rotmd2ro.82}a, and the fnll distance 2m. 40a This was one of the best performances of the morning. Oemmotioo strode round the tan in half clothing, Where lapnbmy went; a round by himself, ond wa*; then joined by Jtatyt for a secoud cfrde, which was covered in lm.fifja Lord Wilton and Lara galloped a mils strongly, and Myall King did a fast mile and a half on the sand track, while Sardine and Kit Bubbles were tally extended. Elliogtdnend Zeno spun over seven furlongs; and Acme and Tamarisk were despatched for a strong, round, doing a mile in lm. 621a, and a mile and a quarter in 2m. 22Ja The Pencil was Indulged with three-parts paoe work on the tan: after which there was a lull till after breakfast, when tbe Maribyrnong Plate straight was opened for the first time. Tba first pair, were Bedouin and Ham odes, who went the five far* [ longs in good style, the time oocupied 1 lm. fie; Espcrauoe and Jessica then being slip and passing the post in lm. 8a Boru Yetmon, ana iBoees were next companions, and the 8outh Australian filly thoroughly distinguished berself. finishing in front of Yetman, for the excellent reoord of lm. fia Probation and Perhaps then galloped the five furlongs, the first-named having the 'worsted it, eeeingthotthe filly shot past the post in lm. 6ia, with the boy holding ber bard ot the finish. "inttnr- " Hunting Tower followed by defeating Abydos and Ormonde, In lm. fija, whilst 8t Ursula oompleteiy nstonbhed her owner by the ease with wfaloh she beat yisdartafel, and Murmur in lm. 7k. MUanda and Ooeana apbrqpHately wound up an intewatlug morn ing's woWr; me last-named just having s trifle the Sept of it (n **»•*)*• • - ftapAT, "JS* Waoksprerentedn reiydeeerted tfab morning, in oomperfson with; there was very little to do, most of the klaribyrnong Plate and Derby candidates having had the finishing touches put upon them, whilst Done ot the Cup horses would be' called upon to do their final 6trong gallops till Saturday or Sunday. Cantering and or dinary exercise was, in fact, the general run of busi ness from first to last. Trenton and Orator, however, created a diversion, as the New Zealander, going very strongly, completed a round of the tan by himself in L51, the chestnut having been pulled off a hundred yards from the finish. Commotion etode three times round the tan, looking and working ashealthi}y as ever. Trident and Volcano wound up their morning's work with a fast six furlongs ; and fsonomy executed a good fast |round of the tan, whilst Hexham cantered and spurted by himself. The Agent and Caloola were eiven useful work inside the course, pre paratory to Tuesday's Hurdle Race. The Ballarat new arrivals were down for the first time, namely, Sheet Anchor, Britisher, and Game, and Colley, who is to steer last year's Cup hero, led the way on the outer track for mild exercise. Chesham spurted over half a mile; and Lord William, after commencing slowly, brushed home fast, whilst Bravo and King-fish began and ended in the same way. Huon and St. L'rsula gaIio;>ed half a mile fast; and The Pencil, j piloted by Cracknell, did a five-furlongs spin in capital style. Isonomy went round the tan strongly, and | Bedouin and Citadel spurted half a mile. This was I about the whole of the fast work ; the majority of I the horses were never moving out of a canter. ) CAULFIELD, Tcesbat. Notwithstanding the cold boisterous weather trainers were at business earl}'. Mr. Connolly was the first to commence with Lady Ash ton, who strode along on the sand for three miles. Louise Berta, with The Loafer, ran fire furlongs on the turf for a smart gallop, Eugenie and Upper Crust following suit. Bonnie Lid, Geraldino, and Capturon ran a smart cailop over a mile, and Newinaster, with Gasburncr, went a strong galiop onoe round the sand track. Townley and Umberto strode along once round the sand at a sound pace, and Pocahontas ran a useful gallop over a mile on the turf. Kelly's horses were all on the various tracks at intervals. Ben Bolt, who had the company of Western for the first mile and Lando for the last one, accomplished a good working gallop. t'|)On rounding into the straight Lando overpowered his jockey, ran wide, and came in con tact with the outside hurdles, toppling over and over. Luckily man and horse escaped any serious injury. Silvermine and Sirocco ran over two miles for a useiul gallop. Bridegroom, Whitebait, Warfield, Revenge, Anarchy, and the Sussex colt all did some nice pace work on the sand and tan tracks. The Ghost gal loped once round the sand, the old borse going strongly. Grace Darling cantered twice round the turf, and Crown Brand was doing baif-pace exercise for a circuit of the running ground. King of 1 the West and Jim Cain in company moved along briskly about a mile. Amateur, a three-year old colt (brother to Little John), and others of the Messrs. tloran's were treated to good pace exercise on the sand. Little John, to most people's surprise, was an absentee. The Wave, Delamia, and Dongaiston had pace exercise, and afterwards the latter galloped once ronnd. Bohemian, like Little John, was absent. Highland Chief executed a nice gallop twice round the ground, Blondin joining him at the mile post, and they ran home for a strong gallop. Came rine and Daystar galloped about a mile and a quarter, both going well. In the afternoon Little Joho, with a companion, cantered once round the ground. Thursday. In consequence of a nice breeze having blown during the night, the running ground was in capital condition to-day, and some good work was done during the morning. Louise Berta led Geraldine for a smart spin over a mile, and Eugene and Carnarvon ran a brisk gallop over five or six furlongs. Bonnie Lad was doing moderate work on the tan. Little John accomplished a working gallop over two miles, and King of the West joined the Cup horse in the first mile, and Jim Chin the last part, finishing at the top of the bill, the favourite going well. Several other horses in this team were treated to striding exercise. Ben Bolt, after cantering, 6trode along for a good extender over a mile and three- quarters. Lando joined him at the mile post, and the Caulfield Cup winner executed a capital gallop, going with more determina tion than he usually does. Anarchy, Ambassadress, Western, Revenge, Bridegroom, Whitebait, and others of Kelly's team were doing some smart spins over five or six furlongs after cantering. Kewmaster accomplished a striding gallop once round the ground, Gasburner joining him over the last six furlongs. Silvermine ran a useful gallop over a mile and three quartets, Bonnie Boon joining in at the nine furlongs' post. The black horse looks bright and well, and be went in good fomi. Goodwood strode along for sound exercise twice round the ground. The Wave and Epicurean ran in company fur a brisk gallop, four or five furlongs. Ilia lEa and Dougiaston worked together ior a useful circuit of the sand, when the latter bowled along tor a good paoe gallop over another round. Grace Darling and Empress jumped away in the straight for a strong gallop once round the running track, Gadfly joining them at the mile-post. The filly kept them going at a rare pace for the re mainder of the journey. Pocahontas was treated to some strong pace work over a mile, and Townley did good exercise on the sand, where Umberto also was given similar work. Nectarine and Carnival galloped half a mile, and Kobai cantered on the tan track. Marmion was doing good exercise on the tan for a eouple of rounds, whilst Glentworth cantered once round the ground. Cricket and Patienoe were on the tan. moving along at from half to. three-quar ters pace for a circle. The Ghost bad a sharp ran over three furlongs. Bence sent - Albanns and First Pop a useful paoe gallop over a mile. They were followed by Cadland. Berkeley, and Footman. The former pair, after doing a brisk spin over -five or six furlongs, pulled off, and Footman executed a working gallop once round the turf. Boreas and a Conrad colt rattled over three furlongs fast Dexter piloted Meerschaum for a striding gallop about a mile, and Daystar led C&merine; for a strong gallop of nine furlongs. Highland Chief cantered to the mile and throe- quarters post, when he was set going and picked up Btondin at the mile pos He ran a fair gallop over a mile and three-quarters, but probably a shorter distance would be more to his liking. Moonlight was doing some capital work on the tan; and Mustang rattled over a mile for a-strong pace gallop. Sea Breeze was cantering; apd Tack Koaeh, after traversing onoe round ata medium paoe, increased it to a strongish gallop. Bohemian, after cantering a circle of the tan, galloped a mile ,aqd a half. Be want well, aud left the ground *11 right and sound. BALUAKAT, MONDAY. It *u raining all yekterdav. but it cleared up this, morning, though it was very cold and windy. BeoalL' Sir Launoelot, Blue Mountain,arid ali'the rat of' ScoWe's string trotted twioe round; as also did Fer guson's. Wilson's lot were doing walking exercise. tfpKDAT AFTEttNOON. " The weather was still ootd and web- Beoall and Brac&iusn; went onoe round at three-quarter pace, and . theaebood time they improved it, Beoall pedUngdrar hUboutpariioii, Katfresras stut twine rpund at medium pace, and Mlohael cantered tour timee.rpsud dowjy, Wilsan'ghorsee, British or and Sheet Anchor, got once round when they bad to return to their boxes In consequence ot tbe rain. ' ' - TOBiDAT tlokNIKO. ' 8oobla* horses were the first on the oours^ The Ate wpA mated to bice striding work twioe round, » King Oole Ally and Insolvent's brother trotted onoe rpssd, jhon inoreased the paoe and finished with a snub Recall and Norfolk pent onoe round at hall paoe, and then rattled along (or sbodt a mile. Qua Moon tala cantered tarioe :roand,£t.'Bonis foaAtered twice roundand flnidbod with a sport. Native galloped about throe miles,'BraoSmkri' foIIowed suit. Michael being treated to atoadr wortr. Wilson* Britisher and Coronet were treated I half steady, when the paoe was IrioreaegA for another round. Sheet Anchor and Oakleigh did simitar work. Game cantered twioe round, and was followed by Colonel •, . Tokdat Afternoon. Ferguson commenced work with Native, who wa tered twice: roarid. Jhe Khtg Cole Iil|y trotted about three miles- Michel cantered tonr times round, Beoall and Braoeman webt onoe ronnd stead lly.improving the pane for the aeoondmsad. SoobiWs-i-Bb Louis, Norfolk, Bine Mountain, Insotarenty and Argument^ cantered tarioe round. , Wilson name next with Sheet Anchor, Britisher, Oakleigh, Oorouet, sun' dame, who trotted twite round, the-rat.doing walking exercise. WkBKKT)AT HOBJTINa. Ferguson atarted again with Native, srho cantered twioaround. Mi^aMtactted twioe and can tar sdty|oe., lion. Britisher and Game went once round »t medium pace, improving it the second,and CmiA:" strong. Uuntsman cantered round twice. T*f fillies. All Black and Promona, trotted twice round WEDKBSDAt AfTERHOos Michael went lour times round at modetate taw Kative cantered twice round. Yet Again caoterS twice round, a King Cole filly trotted twice room! Britisher, Sheet Anchor, OaUeigh, Colonel, and Qami trotted twice round, the rest ot Wilson's string doW slow work. T HCESOAT Scobie commenced this morning's work with Vir Launcelot and Argument, who were sent twioe round at a fair pace, finishing with a spurt. Tba^oe, Re call, St. Louis, Blue Mountain, Norfoft, snd iB. solvent's brother trotted round twice, the rest walking. Ferguson seat Michael twice ronnd at a lair pace also; Braceman and Katirs trotted three times round; King dole flUy esn. tered twice rotmd. Wilson's Oolonel, All Blank, and Promona trotted about three miles; Monarch ud | Oakleigh went twice round half naoe; Huntsman trotted three times round, his other horses were not ' ou the course. Britisher, Sheet Anchor, and Game > leave for Melbourne to-day. 