An English Ghost Story. LADY Hoby is again said to bs haunting Bisham Abbey, and is causing no little sensation. She was tbe wife of the English ambassador to the Court of France in 1566. The abbey is the most historic religious house in Berkshire, and in one of the apartments is a peculiar painting representing"the lady with a very white face and hands, dressed in the coif, weeds, and wimple then allowed to a baronet's lady. In this identical dress, it is moststrofigly averred, she has been frequently seen in one of the bedrooms of the Abbey, with a self- supporting basin moving before her, in which she is perpetually trying to wash her hands, but the moat remarkable part of the'story is that the so-called apparition always appears in the negative, viz., the black part white and tbe white part black. The story, as now told by the domestics «nd villagers, is that she beat her son William to death because he could not write without making blots, and a singular part of the tale 1 is tbst a short time ago, in altering the shutters of the dining-room, a great number of children's copy- books of the time of Queen Elizabeth were discovered pushed between the joists of the floor, some of which answered exactly to the tale as if the child could not write a single line without making a blot. Neither the domestics at the Abbey nor the adjacent villagers will hear one word against the narrative.-—London Letter in the Philadelphia Telegraph. " I WISH to know the amount of lumber received at this port annually, from the north," said Deacon Fitch, walking up and down the sanctum with his eyes on the carpet. " I wonder whom I had better apply to for the figures." " That'3 an easy one," said Mr. Upton, Bmiling good-humoredly at his chief's oversight of an obvious source of information. " Shall I ring-for the commercial editor ? " " Oh no, no," the Dercen exclaimed, motioning his obliging subordinate to keep his seat: " It isn't for the paper; the figuresare needed to guide me in a private investment. I \f&nt; the truth." 