Miscellausea. Mr. Nordenfeldt, the celebrated gunner, has illustrated the old proverb that truth is sometimes stranger than fiction, for he has out-rivalled the French? novelist, Jules Verne. The latter once gave an imaginary realistic description of a fairy-like ship which moved vn instead of on the sea. So does the new submarine boat in vented by Nordenfeldfc, which he has just explained in a lecture at the United Service Institution* He told his hearers that uis new boats went by steam, and could travel 150 miles without re-coaling—they can descend or ascend the depths of the sea at will, and can sink for the purpose of ap plying a powerful torpedo or a charge of dynamite to the bottom of any man-of-war. When his boat arrives within such a distance of the enemy that it may he discovered, all it has to do is to descend into the water so far that the cupola alone appears above the water. The boat runs thus until it arrives so near tbat even tbe small cupola migbt be discovered. If it is, tbe boat descends altogether below tbe surface, and advances up to the striking distance entirely submerged. The only crew required for this marvellous submarine boat are three men, who can remain submerged for six hours. They can carry with them two White bead torpedoes, each with a charge of 3001b. of dynamite, and with such power that no steel nets can ward off the blow of these weapons. Mr. Nor denfeldt has reached the high-water mark of destructiveness in his new submarine boat. The machinery devised for producing cold air, and hitherto exclusively used for freezing meat and other perishable things, has lately been employed in Stockholm for quite another purpose. A tunnel has been iu course of construc tion there which passes through a hill, the soil of which is of a wet, gravelly nature. Upon this hill stand many buildings, which would have been in great danger if tbe work bad proceeded without some means being taken of supporting their foundations. Under pinning was considered too expensive, so the contractor hit upon the entirely ; novel plan of freezing the wet gravel into a solid icy concrete. The plan has ; answered admirably, and many: of the j houses are being tunnelled under with pel feet safety. The question as to the relation of intelligence to the size of the brain and head is one that is always cropping up in social conversation, and in which a good deal of personal feeling is in volved. The man that takes a 7£ hat ] is naturally inclined to maiutain that intelligence is obviously proportioned to size of head, while a man that can fit himself only amongst the boys' sizes is certain that intelligence depends far more on quality than on quantity of j brain. A recent article in the French anthropological review shows that there is certainly no definite relation between size of brain and intelligence. A single j fact just published by an English specialist in insanity emphasis this. He weighed the brain of a poor de mented paralysed engine-fitter, who died in his asylum, and found it exceed that of the heaviest on record. It is really the quality of the brain cell that is the important element Mere largeness in the brain cells no more argues intelligence than in the cells of a strawberry it argues a fine flavor. One of the competiting systems of j electric motion is in full swing in New York on the elevated railway. It ap pears to be a great improvement as regards noise and dirt over steam loco motion, but it has not been long enough in use to give a fair idea of its cost. New York is the first city to possess an electric railway on a large scale. A new form of locomotive is being intro duced for short journeys in Germany. The fire of the ordinary steam-engine is abolished and its place taken by an outer boiler enclosing the ordinary boiler. The later is filled at a station with water heated a great deal above its boiling-point, while the outer boiler j is filled with a strong solution of hot caustic soda. The steam fiom the inner boiler after doing its work in the cylinder of the engine is led into the , outer boiler, where its combination with the soda generates more beat to keep up the supply of steam. The j system promises to be very convenient for tram wcrk ; it produces no smoke, and there is no necessity for engine driver or stoker, and ordinary tram conductor can take charge of it. Another advance in photography is represented by a process invented by M. Thiebaut, which has recently been, de scribed before the Photographic Society of Great Britain. In this process the glass plate which usually forms the support of the photographic film is superseded by a sheet of cardboard. In other words, the sensitive mixture of j silver bromide and gelatine is spread upon sheets of cardboard. After the i picture is developed, the film is separ- I ated from its support, and can be printed from by the sun in the usual way. The advantage of this precess is that a tourist can carry with him the material for a gross of pictures, while. the weight is only about that of a dozen of the usual glass plates. More than this, several negatives when complete can be stored away in a very small! space. The Inquisition.—Two witnesses, and those to seperate facts, were suffi cient to consign the victim to a loath some dungeon. Here he was sparingly supplied with food, forbidden to speak, and left to himself until famine and misery should break his spirit. When that time was supposed to have arrived he was axamined. Did he confess and forswere his heresy, he might escape with the confiscation of his property ;! did he persist in the avowal of his in nocence, two witnesses might send him to the stake, one witness to the rack. The rack was the Court of Justice • the criminal's only advocate was his forti tude. The torture took place at mid night, in a gloomy dungeon, dimly lighted. The victim, whether man, matron, or tender virgin was stripped naked and stretched upon the wooden bench. Water, weights, fires, pulleys, screws—all the apparatus by which the sinews could be stretched, the bones! bruised without breaking them, and the body exquisitely racked without giving up the ghost, was now put into operation. The imagination sickens when striving to keep pace with these dreadful realities. Moreover, the period during which the torture might be in flicted was unlimited! —Motley's Rise of I the Dutch Republic. 