travelIer. In Its Ruins. Aroso six hundred years before that Birth at Bothlehem which gives modern time its index-namely, in 582 D.c., the year when the Isthmian. games were restored-a cast of colonistsi, swarming out of Gels, not very far off, founded Acrgas, which afterwards beocame, as Pindar wrote, ' the most beantiful city of mortals.' They could not have chosen a fairer spot on all the coast of this fair island of Sicily, rich as it everywhere is in loveliness and charm. Broken and accentuated ground gave natural ramparts to the city andthe ma. resty of domination to the temples; while tho wido stretch of bluh sea in front brought the beauty and burden of ships to the port, which opened its gates to its friends and shut them like a trap against its foes. Jupiter and Minerva-or, more correctly, Zeus, and Athene-were the tutelary deities of the city. The one was Zenus Atabyrios, an awful form of Moloch; the other wms the wise grave god des worshipped by the thodians at Lindcs \--from which city came the original colonists of Gels, bringing their familiar deity with them. We have all heard of Phalaris the tyrant of Aeragas, with his red- hot brazen bulls, in which he roasted men alive. But we do not all know that this was not only from wanton cramuelty ; though, as with the Inquisition of later times, much personal hatred and malice might have been more mixed up with it; but that it was also ona form of religions superstition of the kind only too common in all faiths. Greek feel. ing, however, did net tolerate human sacri. flees. Milk and honey, fruit and flowers, and poor innocent beaste, which at the worst served aftewards for food, were offered to. the gods, to gain favour or ward off punishment. But save in very rare and exceptional in. stances, of which Iphigenia and her subse quent uonlt are the most notable, the deities of Hellas were not propitiated by the blood and tears of man. The men of Acragas there fore, soon rose up in horror and indignation against Phalaris and banished him for his blood-guiltiness ; for all that he had greatly embellished the city-always a claim on the gratitude of citizens. Among other things, he built a temple to Jupiter Poleins, the Sfounder of cities,' on the sight of which, and in a manner inuorporated with while over powering the older fane, is the Christian church of Sta Maria dei Greci. Thereon, that wise and benevolent despot, whose tomb is still to be seen, was the real star of Asragas. He made that Greek luxury, a spacious fesh-pond; he built the best of the ,iseels oP !hi, h tha wne still rei-n to attract travellers from countries then on. known, but now deominant, while all this mas jestic past is cbut a remory and a name; and Pindar celebrutea and extolled him, which perhaps is th firme eit holding on immorality. that he ponssese . Among others, he built the temple now n?lled 3ono Looinsa; that is, the same Juno as was worshipped at Lsci nnm; as a modern Catholic might dedicate a churh toSta'ariadella Catena, or di SGea; or della Piehr, h ., always the same goddess, but with specialiaed attributes. It was for this temple that Zeuxis painted his famous picture of Juno, taking forhismodels the five most beautiful virgins of Aeragas. and produeing a masterpiece such as the world had nevce.een before. But the forces of netor,. lLke the passions of men, have no respect for works of art, whether in paint or in atone. Earthquakes and storms, winds, frost, and fire did their work of deelrution on alt these splendid conceptions and perfect achievements of genins ; and Saracen and Norman completed the suiL which Cartha ginian and I[tman had begun. And now o ehave of Aeregas, 'the most beautiful eity of mortals.' only the unintereeting lit:lo town of Girgenti; and the ruins of the ancient temole. But what mins I Ont on tho edge of the rook etanda the bzautiful and still perfeot skelton of the Temple of Concord. It needs no great sketch of fancy to reconstruct the pas,to repeople the void. to call hack from that dim and misty Bedes where the pals ghosts wander mournfully. the forms of those who once filled the temple with love, and light. and youth and heanty, with musia and song and the lsfr, eo Ioryer of pious souls, asking the benign Geddecs of Peace to shed her influence over meo, and stay both war and laoghtecr. The hecoti?el Sicilian girls who were the reali;slions of the nymphs and youoncr goddessee, some sing log, some playing, others hearing baskets fiall 'of frti and flowes--their roft feet falling in measured tread and the rhyth mie swaying tof their bodies making nisabls o nieto the ye ;the staely mntreon. grander and graver, the Junoe, the Denetere com plted. to wvhom life had brought its cares as well its fIlilled jnye, its imperative duties as wellas its pleading love? ; the young men Canning the maidens and falling in love at a glance, as love is kindled into flame by a spark: the hhsbands and the elder fathers, oceupied with things and indifferent to beauty; the poor dumb beasts, garlanded with flowers, and led to the slaughter as offerings to gods slow to save and quick to punisb, as even the gentle gods of Greece themselooes were :-all file along the paved road and up the marble steps, and range themsoelves wthir the enlmnsed hall. which then had no Christian arcbe. to block up the space. The cymbals clash and clang: the shrill note of the double pipe sounds far and clear; and the echoes of the saored' songs come back from shaft to wall in a full diapa son of joyous melody. Who cannot bring bok thateceno, as he stands among the asphodels and violets. and forgets time and epace in memory? Fatler away is tbha Temple of Juno Lacuba, already spoken of, where the skeleton is by no means so perfect as this, and where the red hand of fire has left its crimson ooech on the old gray stones. Farther lstill are the nine of the Temple of tlercoles, from which ,he infamous goverPnor Verres, he who was denounced by Cicero in -one of his most eloquent orations. attempted to steal the magaifient bronze statue of the god; send ing his slaves at nieght to pries down the sacred icon; but failing-as the pious of the time said, by the miraculous energy of Hercules himself workeing through his effilgy -until the horrified men of what was then Agrigentum, no looper herasges, and not yet Girgenti, rshed'to the rescue and delivered their deity from harm. And there is still more undistinguiehahle chaos of the Temple of Jupiter-ruinEd beforefinished-where the great caryatid lies prone on the greonsward, like one of the old gods despoiled of his glory disjointed, broken, destroyed, preserving only the dim and ronghened outlines, bat wanting all that made the life and beauty of the faith. Near to these confueed ruins is the beautiful little upright frogment of the Temple of Onstorand Poll'a, those twin-eone of Leda who stand as the emblems Oe fraternal fidelity. The airis fall of old- world mmories, and -involintarily hymn by.Tbearioetu to the Diosenri eomos to us like a living nund 'wafted by strange eingers ocross the, scentled bean- fields-" dear workhsteads of the hairy been"-and shaken like perfume from the floshed branches of flowering fruit.trees, and the sweet pale loveliness of almond bloseoms. But their day is done. Their Temple is but a hint, precious for arohiteetursl grace, and beautiful in spite of its decay ; and they them selves, this heroic pair, ere as dead as the the stone effigy lying prostrate on the graess. "Farewell, yea sons of Leda"-" Castor of the swift steeds and swart Polydences," "to whom all minstrels were dear," "the twain that aid all mortals," ." the beloved pair," "euecourera of man in the very thrill of peril, and of horses maddened in the bloody press of battle, and of ships that, defying the stars that set and rise in heaven, have en countered the perilous breath of storms" farewell I The present has dees!ro~ni ths 5 sr and Jndma has oouqoerea to.r?e?o. n what the world has lost in substance it still retaine in spirit, and gratitude for beauty may out. live belief in its divinity. If Theocritus pervades all Sicily, Girgenti isposeeseed by Empedooler. Clad in hise purple robe, crowned with laurel, shod with golden sandal-what woas this man? Was he the wise measurer of mortal force, the diligent observer and partial conquerer of nature, some affirm him to have been? Was he the self-consecrated seer and mystic, sincere if also eelfldeceived, who imagined more than he know, and who obscured his clearer thoughts by phantasies and his per ceptions by illusions ? Or was he the con. Feious charlatan who traded on men's creda. lity and discounted their ignorance ? Who cansay? He, too, is one of those faces in the clouds for which each observer has a different form. But whatever he was, he was born and bred at Acragas, the beautiful city whore the gods were housed in glory- and worshipped with fervour; and it was from there that he set out to seek for immortality in the eternal fires of Etna. And now, what do we find at the modern town and station of Girgenti? A country barren of trees hut fruitful in grain; uplands as green with sprouting corn as English fields scenting the air with perfomealmost as rich as that which steals from the jessamine and orange blossoms of the -high-walled gardens ; uncultivated tractso fallofasphodele and violets, of borage and the garden discs :yellow chrysanthemom, of fragrant herb, and the. rarer sorts of our wild-flowers at home tracts where a botanist may spend his hours in rejoicing. Leaving the country and going into the town, which is sot unon the" high rock dominating the plain, we find but little beauty. The women no longer "card the soft wool about their knees," as in the days of the proud Ennico, who refused to love at all that desperate timmtha who loved too moch ; huot they are said to be the most prolific of all Sicilian women, and for a man to marry a Girgentese is to be sure of heirs and the tradi tional quiver-foll. The chief object of interest in the town is of course the Duomo or cathred ral, where they show you superb vestments wrought in gold and silver, with garnets and tonrqnoiees mixed in with tlhe embroidery ; on engraved ivory stalff. nd two splendid molstranceso-tho one of gold and jewolls in the form of a seon rayed and banded; the other, of silver flowers, with the Madonna's hair in the centre. The plain white-washed columns dividing nave from aisle agree but ill with the florid ornamentation of the high altar or the bold carving of the roof; and the echo which seems to run round the wall like an invisible flame was once the caunse of more heart-brtnings than the architect knew when he storuck by chance on that fatal angle of incidence, If yon are at Girgenti at Carnival time and go to a ueglinoe or masked ball in the theatre yon will see a little of Sicilian manners and something of Sicilian feeling. Among the Savages and the swallows, the gold-horned, red- bodied Fiends, the Sailors and the nonde scripts who dance together with more vigour than grace in the platen, you will not see one woman. The Sicilian blood is too hot and Sicilian jealonusy too rampant to permit the pobllo and indis criminate mingling of men and women; and there still exist in these less visited and less continentalised places, strong traces of the Saracenic seclusion of women. In the boxes, two female masks-the only female masks in the theatre-come down ever and anon, attended by their male companion, to cross th plate o for such refreshmentss s are to. be found at the beek of the stage. No one speaks to them, and they spena to no one. Eoen that group of Zuloe who respect no man, make way for them: as do those halfl dozen Swallows who ran in and out with short steps and ehnll'trieo, letting fly live birds as a dirersion the mom. These two bands are evidently well known in the place. They go in and out of certain boxes offering bonbons, which are laughingly accepted, and they dance with less clumainess and more grace than the rest. - Among the spectators in the boxes are two or three exquisite little masks of children. One curly-pated Louis XIV., of perhaps the ripe age of three, after making frantic efforts to ki.s papa with the intervening mask to prevent contact, is handed about from hbox to box like a big doll. -In one it is the centre of attraction and wore abip to five stalwart men; for Italian men are like women in their love of children, and you will constantly sea the father performing what-we consider to be essentially womanly offices for a little child, while the mother stan?ebylookiog on complarently. There i a tiny, gold.horned, red-bodied imp, whoso delight in hin horns is such as one might havc expeeted from a yoong fawn when he first learned that he roold bolt that bold kid with his own weapon. For a last word : Girgentl is now abso lutely safe. A few yemr ago, brgnads might have been found lnrkiog behind the fallen columns with the snakes and the liznrde, and tholong pun hondy . 'ow yon have onlythe lizards. The enaken have been friehtened away by the throng of viwsitors; esrabiniri keep evil disposed men in chae?: and bri gandage, like the old onlt. has vonished into the dust and vapour of things praEt and dead. The editor feels lone and miserable When he can find no joke that', eecoseorable : The falsely honosrcld ,ro-erb tallik ''i that a rogue can't look .:o in tha fae.. vh'.rc we all know he can share ur o:t ,t f cai, . tenancc, is typical of oura unseooig blind I cmdnlitr. 