\\.argory's Guardians. CHAPTER XII.-Conthzued. Thank you,' she answered, warmly. '.I can safely i-,romise to be the first, a~d, indeed, I will try to be the second. And now I want to tell you of something that occurred last night, which I think you ought to know, as it may in some wa.iy bear upon the matter in question. I told my uncle, and he would only laughat me. Per haps you will do the same, but it is true, for all that.' And with this pre face, Margory, in a few words, told her story of the ghost. Mr. Coulter listened in silence; not the faintest suspiciqn of a smile flitted over his face. At the clos. he looked at her scruti nizingly, saying, C' You are certain of this, miss ?' 'Perfectly,' she answered, stead fastly returning his glance 'AAnd you are not given to seeing or expecting to see ghosts ?' 'I should think noc! I never did such a thing before in my life.' ' And you really saw your guardian, miss ' 'I saw his ghost as plainly as I see you now.' And after you screamed, it disap peared. How did it disappear?' 'Stepped back. into the shadow.' 'mWhere it would have been, in any c~ase, out of silght ?? 'Yes.' 'And you are quite certain, miss, you have made no mistake?' 'I am convinced of it.' For some minutes Mr. Coulter sat silent, leaning slightly forward on his chair, one hand engaged in softly caressing his chin. 'Strange that the body should not have been found!' he exclaimed ab. ruptly, at last. 'No; I don't think so,' said Mar gory, answering the': half- implied query. 'The sea is only ten miles off, you know. It would soon have been carried down with the ebb tide; and the coast is so:rocky, and there are so many cross-currents, it is very rare for anything to be washed up there that the river carries down.' Mir. Coulter relapsed again into silence and stroking his chin. After a few minutes he rose. * Thank you, Miss. I need detain you no further .now,' he said, with a bow. : 'But the ghost ' cried MIargory, S'disappointedly. 'Set your mind at ease, miss. If he shows his niose again I will nab him fasKt enough. I shall sleep in the gal lory.' 'But will youv wake ?' she asked, doubtfully. wkif .W Vake! Why, I should wake if a fly walked:over the floor when I am on duty?.' ' Oall me, please ?Mr. Coulter, if you think I can be of use. My room is vary near, and I will leave my door open, and lie cldown ih my dress.' ' I will seeo, miss. ".Now, please to go ihto your room,: to showme which it is, and I will watch'you from the gallory.' Margory obediently. opened the dooi, and led the way down the pas sasa. In the gallery they found Mr. Com myne'walking up and down, looking -very impatient, and his eyebrows bent Sinto a most decided frown. 'What the dickens have you been about all this time, Margory?' he ex claimed, fretfully. 'I.was on the point of coming in to see if you had gone to sleep.' 'Not exactly,. Uncle Ned; but, of course, I had a good deal to say to Mr. Coulter. WVhat a lovely evening it is! Loet us go out and take a stroll before dinner. I' will get my ~t;.' And without waiting for an answer, MVargory darted through the archway to hero room. ' Left thus high and dry, Mr. Com. myne endeavonred, by the .nainten ance of a dignified silence, to iiflict a snub on his companion, but without avail. The irrepressible detective leaned against the bnalustrade, calmly survey ing his surroundings, and at the same time carossing his chin, apparently quite oblivious to the fact that such a person as Mr. Commyne was in exis tenco. In about two minutes Margory ap peared, fully equipped. 'Oh, Mr. Coulter, are you there still?' she exclaimed. 'Would you not like to go downstairs and have some tea? I willriug for Dixon to see after you. Come, Uncle Ned I' And running lightly downstairs, she rang the bell, gave Dixon his orders, and fairly swept her uncle out of the house. Mr. Commyne's anger was never long.-lived, and he soon, under his niece's potent influence, relaxed into his accustomed good humour; but no representations she could make would induce him to alter his opinion of the detective. 'No, no, my dear !' he obstinately affirmed 'Leave me to know a fool whlen I see one; and if that Coulter fellow isn't the most conceited ass in creation, my nume's not Ned Com myne !' And Margory, in despair, had to drop the subject. CHAPTER XIII. The evening passed quietly enough. The household retired to rest at its usual hour, and the silence of night fell on the lonely Grange. Margory's heart beat fast with ex citement and hope. Sleep appeared out of the question, and, without undressing, she silently paced the room, or peered eagerly out into the passage through her half-closed door. At last she could bear the suspense no longer, and wishing to see if Mr. Coulter was on guard, she stepped out of her room, but no sooner had she reached the archway than a dark figure rose, spectre-like, from an old mnoth eaten ottoman that stood near, and the detective's bright eyes looked at her. 'Go back, miss!' he whispered,.-'go. back, and don't leave your room again to-night, unless I call you! That light of yours would scar: all the ghosts in England, especially suca a wide-awake one as this fellow promises to be,' he added to himself, as Margory, having satisfied herself he was really on watch, turned obediently back to her room. She lay down on her bed, and soon was sound asleep. It was broad daylight when she awoke. The servants were stirring in the house, and she had barely time! to close her door, throw off her clothes, and jump hastily into bed, before Alice appeared with her mihtress's early cup of tea By the time she was ready to go downstairs, she found, to her great dis appointment, that Mr. Coulter had taken an early breakfast and left the house, bound no one knew whither. The day dragged more heavily even than ordinary Sundays drag'in this en lightened country. Captain Grander's usual business seemed to have failed him, and as he passed most of his time in endeavouring to make himself agreeable to Maargdry, it was with an intense feelino of relief she at last saw the sky lit up with the red sunset glow. With the twilight came alsdo Mr. Coulter; but MIargory watched in: vain for an opportunity of seeing him alone till late in the evenig., .. Making some excuse for entering the butler's pantry, she found him smokin a quiet pipe in company with Dixon. To dismiss the latter was the work of a moment, and then, 'Well? she exclaimed, interrogatively. 'I have nothing to tell you, miss; but tmo will prove. I have not been exactly idle to-day.' 'But about last night?' she cried, eagerly. 'Nothing turned up; but I shall watch again to-night. Keep it dark, that's all, miss. You had better not let MIr. Dixon find you here; he has some sort of a brain, that fellow!' Margory nodded, and quickly left the room, while Mr. Coulter relapsed once more into his arm-chair and tobacco wreaths. lIargory had dismissed her maid that night, and was just considering what nceupation she could devise to keep herself awake, when a slight noise at the door attracted her atten tion. A glimmer of white appeared be. neath it, and the next moment a folded paper was pushed into the room. Eagerly picking it up, she tore it open, and ran her eyes over the con tents: 'Don't come into the passage unless I call you, miss; but put out your light, leave your door ajar, and wait in the dark.. I have reason to believe this night will not be quite un disturbed. If I call you kleep perfect silence; don't breathe a word; but when I give you the sign, run down stairs as quietly as you can to the butler's pantry. There you will find two policemen. Lead them straight back to me, wherever I am, as noise lessly as possible. Excuse these peremptory orders; but you offered your help, and I am in the habit of taking people at their word. Burn this when you have read it. ' s. n. COULTER.' As a commencementof her obediende, Margory, when she had mastered her instructions, held the note in the candle, aud flung it blazing into the grate. Then she softly opened the door, extinguished the light, and sitting down, commenced with what patience she might her lonely watoh. Every sense seemed merged in one facsulty of listening, and the tumultuous throbbing of her own heart sounded painfully distinct in the stillness. 1ore than an hour had passed thus, when the sound of a quick though stealthy foostep in the passage maie her start up and stand in breathless waiting before the door. The footsteps were distinctly ap proaching now they had almost reached her room; another second and the door was pushed open, while the deteotive's voice whispered hurriedly, ' Come 1' Margory obeyed, following her guide down the passage to the partially curtained archway. Here he motioned her behind the curtain, arranging it so that she could peep through into the gallery, and finally made the same arrangement for himself. It was not done a moment too soon. The instant Margory had taken up her position, she became aware that the same scene was to be enacted of which she had been a terrified witness before. The moon shone brightly, and she clearly saw a figure mounting the topmost stairs. As it reached the gallery it turned its head a moment towards the arch, and again MIargory beheld the features of her guardian. It was but for a moment, then it glided down the gallery, and passed through the arch beyond, which led to the dead man's study. As it disappeared, the detective turned to Margery. 'Go!' was all ie said, in a scarcely audible whisper, pointing to the stairs, and then towards the archway opposite. And, without a word, Margory went. Speeding through the hall towards the servants' regions, she opened the door of the pantry, and perceived two black pillars, which rose from each side of the fireplace, and a man's voice said, composedly, ' Go ahead, miss; we are ready!' Margory remembered her directions, and turned back across the hall and up the staircase, the two men following her closely. The gallery was empty, but, obey the detective's gesture, she made straight for the opposite arch, and, proceeding down the passage, found him with his eye to the crack in the study door, which stood partly open. Looking up for a moment on his missengel's arrival, he again resumed his watch through the door. A light burned in the room, and, overcome with curiosity, Margory stooped below the detective, and peered eagerly through the crack. The figure she had seen in the gallery stood with its back to the door, holding a lighted candle, and ap parently absorbed in studying the grain of the dark wood, with which the room was pannelled. Sudd mly to her great amazement she saw one of the panels start open, and a small recess appear in the wall. Into this aperture the figure in serted its arm, drawing out a folded paper with which it turned round and approached the writing-table. The sight of its face revived all MIarn e y's terror. She shrank hack, forgetting she could not be seen; and, indeed,· :wats so taken up with her own fear and bewilderment that she hardly noticed some rather strange proceedings :on the detective's part. He had motioned his two men for ward, taken from one ,a peculiar looking instrument, which he scrutin ized'closely before returning, and stepped himself to the threshold of the room. Suddenly he made a sign, and they all three rushed forward into the room; and MIargory's bewilderment was raised to its height by hearing Mr. Coulter ponounce the usual formula of arrest, and seeing through the open door the unknown article slipped over the supposed ghost's wrists. A fierce oath was at first the only result of these proceedings. Then her guardian's well-known voice exclaimEd, wrathfully, 'What the deuce is all this about, I should like to know I Arrestme! For what, if you please? If a man can't return to his home at what hour he choos s without being molested by a set of tipsy scoundels, things have come to a pretty pass!' No notice being taken of this little ebullition, the prisoner demanded furiously for what he was arrested; they had no warrant to show. Mr. Coulter begged his (Mlr. Gran ders) pardon; he had a warrant; and producing it as he spoke, he also in formed him it was for conspiracy. Here the prisoner burst out again. It was infamous-disgraceful; they could not prove it. 'Perhaps not, sir,' returned the detective, composedly, though I have a fancy we cn; but all that concerns me is to produce you before the magis trates bench to-morrow morning, where a gentleman is to be tried for your murder. If his friends choose to prosecute it is no affair of mine. Per haps, miss,'-turning to Margory, who, utterly dumfounded by the, to her, very unexpected turn affairs had taken, stood leaning in the open door-' Mr. Commyne might like to hear the news. Will you go and call him, or Ihall I send one - He hnd not finisbcd speaking when a heavy step came down the passage, and Mlr. Commyne's astonished visage presented itself in the doorway. 'Well, what the dickens is all this row about ?' was his very natural ex olamation on glancing round the room. One of the policemen's figures com pletely hid Mr. Grandoer from his view; and seeing this, MIargory stepped for ward, and laying her hand on his arm, led him within the sight of the prisoner. She said othing-only pointed; and as his gaze followed the direction of her hand, Mr. Coommyne's arms dropped motionless at his side, his mouth and eyes opened to their widest extent, and a look of petrified amaze mcnt spread itself over his face. For a whole minute he gezcd thus, clearly past all power of speech; then, with a deep-drawn breath, he turned towards the detective, .stammering in his eagerness, ' What-what-is it really-' 'It is Mr. Horace Grander, in flesh and blood,' answered the little man, cooly. 'I have done my duty, tMr. Commyne; the mystery of the 1Haworth murder is unr.vellcd ; and there stands the proof of Mr. Ragland's innocence.' 'God bless my soul!' cried Mr. COmmync, half beside himself. 'I beg your pardon-at least, I mean I have been a great fool.I Do tell me how you did it all ?' ' First, you muet allow me to place this in Miss Grey's hands' And he delivered over to Mnargory, the mysterious document, watching her closely as she glanced at its contents, anl. at a word from her u, cle, began 'eading it aloud. 'The last will and testament of-of -my father !' And the sentence ended in a gasp. ' Give it me, child-quick !' And Mr. Commyne almost snatched it from her. ' Good Heavens! so it is!-signed and dated actually two months later than the other one !' 'Yes;just a week befor, he died,' said Margory, peopingoverhis shoulder; ' and witnessed by papa's valet and the doctor. Uncle Ned, what does it say ? -and is it legal ?' 'Yes, it is quite correct,' broke in the detective. 'I made sure of that before giving it you, miss. It appoints Mr. Commyne your sole guardian. Mr. Grander's name is only mentioned as the recipient of a trifling legacy.' Margory gave an exclamation of sur prise and delight. 'Am I mad?' she cried. ' Surely we are in fairyland ! It is impossible to believe in such happiness! Uncle Ned, tell me the truth; I must be dreaming.' 'I think we are all in a dream to gether,' returned MIr. Commyne, with a bewildered look; ' at least, there is only one part of it that is real, and that is certainly too good to be true.' And he marched deliberately up to Mr. Grander, who (luring the enactment of this little scene had ceased struggling with his gaolers, and was looking on with an expression of mingled fury and disgust. 'You scoundrel !' he said, slowly, eyeing the prisoner with a look of horror and, aversion. 'You black, dastardly, unmitigated scoundl~ i!' 'Thank you, sir; anything else ?' in quired Mr. Grander, in his old sneering tone. 'Your extreme generosity in hitting a man when he is down is highly characteristic of the British nation.' 'I wish you were free for half an hour, you should have a hit from some thing a little harder than my tongue !' thundered Mr. Commyne, viciously eyeing his antagonist. 'My dear sir, allow me;' and Mr. Coulter quickly interposed his trim little figure between the discitants. 'I really must forbid any furtler con versation between you and myprisoner.' 'Well, well, the fellow isn't worth wasting words on. You are in the right, Coulter; you are in the right, my good fellow;' and with an effort smothering down his wrath, Mr. 06Com myne turned his back on his enemy, and hurried to Margory, who was deep in her father's will. 'So you are my child now, by law as well as love,' he said, fondly laying his hand on the girl's shoulder. ' Oh;, Uncle Ned !'" and Margory flung her arms round his neck, hiding her happy face for a moment on his shoulder-' I can't believe it; I really can't ;'it-seems so much too good to be true.' (To be Contina'ed.) 