SPORTING TOPICS. William Miller who now signs himself "retired champion Grmoco-Roman wrestler and athlete of the world," states thlst in consequence of having established an academy for gentlcmen amateurs lie has retired from the competitive athletic world. We thought the herculean Miller had retired some time ago, but we are con soled for our mistake by the knowledge that his attention in future will be given to teaching gentlemen amateurs. It has been hinted that Miller carries a "white feather" among his plumage, but he evi dently has more courage than was ex pected, or he would not insinuate that there were any amateur athletes who were not gentlemen. Everybody knows that Whistler made a holy show of Miller in Mfelbourne, and most people will hardly understand how he can style himself champion after the defeat he then ex perienced. Ever since Miller was successful in his fight with Foley lihe has been pressed to make another match with him, but although Foley at one time offered to lay ?500 to £400 he has steadily refused. When Miller was last in Sydney a second class boxer was backed to box him, but "the champion athlete of the world" made excuse after excuse, and would come to no terms. Still he publicly styles himself "' champion of-the world," despite the fact that there are now in America numbers of men who would like to meet him, and Connors here in Now South Wales would be only too pleased to get a match on in mixed styles. Nelson has arrived in New Zealand safely. Studley and Midnight are expected to arrive to-day. Acceptances for Newcastle races are due at 4 p.m., to-day. Newcastle Grand Handicap requires attending to to-day. Yates has many admirers for the Wara tal Slheflield Handicap at 0 to 1. The first English St. Leger was run in 1776, the first Oaks in 1779, and the first Derby in 1780. Entries for the Balmain and Burwood Bicycle Clubs sports close to-night at Milthsorpe's York Hotel. The Australianteam will play the Surrey Club on Kennington Oval, commencing to-day, and continuing over Saturday and 1Monday. His Royal Highness the Prince of Wales has intimated his intention of being pre sent at Kennington Oval to witness the match between the Australian cricketers and the Surrey County Eleven. Jack Wannop, the Lancashire champion of England, issued a challenge, last month, through the Bporting Life of April 3, to wrestle any man in the world catch-as catch-can for £200 a side, any point down to constitute a fall. The thirteenth annual meeting of the Sydney Grammar school will take place on. the Association Ground, Moore Park, to morrow. The handicaps for the Strangers' Race and Bicycle Race appear elsewhere. The first race starts at 2 o'clock, and the admission to the ground is only 6d. Our Newcastle correspondent informs us that Albert Victor arrived in that district yesterday, in order to fulfil his engagements at the forthcoming meeting. He also predicts a very satisfactory meet ing, as everything is being done to make it successful. Little wagering, so far, has taken place. The Murrumbidgee Turf Club meeting at Wugga, has been fixed for November 17, 18, and 10. The date for the nominations for the principal handicaps, including the Cup and Grand Stand Handicap, is August 10\. Weights for the same events wil be declared on Monday following the Mel Jbourne Cup week. Acceptances and general entries on November 12. The following composed the Essendon (Melbourne) football team for Tasmania, leaving per s. Flinders- yesterday :-Cole man, Eady, Fleming, Gordon, Hall, Knopp, Knowles, M'Leod, Meader, Moore, BMorris, Nally, Pavis, Pearson, Robertson, Sadlcir, Sebire, Smith, Tully, ,Whitd, Wickham. We notice from a Brisbane exchange that Battailous is Working well and didan excellent gallop on Monday morning, pulling hard all the way. Yately was cantering, and His Worship did a strong round Folly,after a slow round, slipped over a half-mile in 54sec., and Wollongong ran round after a slow circle in 1min. 51see. Bonuie Bee, with sweaters on, accompanied by B.Y., did steady work, spurting up the straight in good form. The Christchurch (New Zealand) Foot ballers, have offered very generous terms -to our Union for a visit from our inter colonial team. The other unions do not seem to be imbued with the same spirit of generosity, and their terms, we fancy, will have to be considerably modified before they are accepted by the New South Wales Union. The intercolonial football match, Sydney v. Melbourne, takes place to-morrow. By wire we learn that the Sydney men practised yesterday, and their style was' greatly admired. Mr. J. J. Traitt has been appointed field umpire for Saturday, and Mr. R. C. Randall will act in similar capacity in the Williamstown match on Monday., The coursing match between Mr. W. IH. Fagan's Fantome Fortutse and Mr. W. J. Hardiman's Hawk was decided at the Oval, Melbourne, on Wednesday, and resulted in a victory for the first-named, who beat his opponent pointless in a satis-. factory trial. Fantome Fortune led three lengths in an average slip, and after scor ing eleven times he wound up a one-sided performance with a kill. At the termina tion of the contest Hawk and Falka (late Marionl) were matched for .30. There was nothing unexpected in Keith coming with a rush into'the betting market last evening. The only wonder is that he has remained at such a long price so long. There is no horse on 'the track who has shown so much pace, nor any who have been more consistent. Perhaps the public have learned a lesson with this stable, and thought it advisable to stand eoff until a move from the proper qluarter was made. The Australian Jockey Club have en dorsed the following disqualifieations : 3Zfon. or Maurice Connors and K. Lunley, jockeys, Summer Island Race Meeting, January 26, 1886, for fraudulent practice, the former for ever and the latter for 12 months; S. F. Giblet, Upper Macleay Jockey Club, April 28, 1886, two years, bribing the jockey M'Anliffe, swho was dis qualified for 12 months; brown horse Enfield and nominator and rider James Mutton, for 12 months, by the Dubbo Jockey Club. The following is the team selected to represent Victoria in the Intercolonia' match against N.S.W., to be played on the Melbourne Cricket Ground to-mnorow: J. Baker, S. Bloomnfield, T. Leydin, WV.. Strieklnnd,3M. Wheh.la and A. Wilson, of the Carlton Club; F. Graves, J. Miuchin, Purdie, and;R. Roy, of South Melbourne; J. Tankard, H. Todd, R. Houston, endiW. Johnston of Hotliam; It. )Dusn. E: Poevoll, and M. Rout, of Essendon; Wookey and D. Elder; of Richmond; and J. Camoron, of Footscray. The emergencies are: H. Woods, of Footscray; T. Rout, of Esen don; and R. Harper, of Richmond. , The Australian v. Nottingham cileket onateh, which was resumedl yesterday, brought out a greater attendance of spec tators than on the previous dlay, owing, in a great measure, to theiee li weatiher. The Australians, with one wicket down for 50 guns, continued their innings, which closed for 100, Garrett being hiighest' icorcr, with 30 to his' cr'-r t.' Th:: h:iuse team wcrmite ;t so ec.c...'ul, hw.?a r , nud only succeeded in placing ~1.0 on the board. ronm this we may conclude that the Australians have commenced to get over their sea voyage, and are getting into their old -form. Be this as it may, the fact remains that in meeting Notting ham they faced the strongest county team in England, and their exhibition was of a meritorious description. A New York journalist says:--"I see Jack Hopper is not going to Australia to fight Larry Foley, I said it was merely a whimsical feat of the well-known Pro ridence boxer when I heard it, for he would not stand the ghost of a show against a man of Foley's calibre. By the way, I see Hopper is out with a challenge to hbox any 1251b. man in America." 