ci.1P'i'i:r XXvt. Mr. Blackader rmcaainecd in his clambcrs about two hours after Sir Richard's departure on the evening when that magnate held his audience of housekleepers. By that time he felt pretty well satisfied Sir Richard would be safely landed at Dul wich, and probably in the height of a con viviality which he knew he had invited some of his city friends to partake. Mr. Blackader amused his leisure, mean while, by effecting some considerable altera tions in his personal appearance and costume. He put on a sandy wig and a pair of bushy red whiskers-the latter ornaments being prohibited in the- staid, =and old-fashioned style adopted, and enforced with all the rigour of a Peter the Great ukase, in the banking-house of Graham': and Holtwhistle. Nor, indeed, had all the biushy 'honours of George the Fourtlh's poiiderous visage rendered whiskers at that so essentially" the thing" that banking-house clerks would risk their situation to wear them. Mr. Blackader also donned over his usual habiliments a large--and a good deal worn great coat with several capes, very like those, which cabmen and coachmen continue to' exult in. He tied a handsome red belcher round his neck, put on a pair' of: greasy leather gloves, and after surveying' himself carefully round and. round, with the aid of a hand-glass and mirror, he. seemed on .the whole satisfied with- the :effect produced.' He then extinguished: his candles-he did not effect the;luxiury ot a lamp-and groping his way down stairs, turned. into the open street. He called a -.Charing Cross omnibus, and alighted in that locality, shouldered an umbrella ; and afterlingering for a little time -in the neighbourhood of a showy cigar shop,' to.make certain he was-not observed by -any one wbo might have an interest in tracking his- whereabouts, he .trudged on towards Westminster. - • He passed the Abbey, which seemed as usual, asleep, with- its shadows of- the centuries around it,. and speedily made his way to Tothill Street. Traversing - this locality at a rapid pace, he stopped beneath -a fluttering black doll hung from a first floor ,window over the entrance of a repository which - doubtfully combined the stock in trade of a dealer in-second-hand clothes, with; the more general assortment of goods usual: in a pawnbroker's display. There were; watches, rings, and some articles of plate of no great value, but sufficient to indicate that the proprietor of the establishment dealt in them, mingled with the trumpery 'of faded shawls, dyed silks, furbished broadcloths, and other 'kinds of wearing apparel customary to \- the shops 6f traders'in the ontward necessi ties of the poor. Perhaps we should not be far wrong if we held the entire display a decent cover for a receptacle of stolen goods. At.ail events, the mistress of -the establishment looked' not unlike a suitable head-for 'one engaged in the latter industrial department. She was an enormously fat Jewess, .with a large oily visage, goggle eyes, and a leering debauched expression, meant to be very inviting, but, inexpressibly disgusting in reality. She was bedizened in a variety .of showy but worn-out apparel, which perfectly realised what one might expect as outward: adornments -for a personage enjoying the title of the -Duchess of Druly Lane.. This territorial designiation she probably derived from a previous resi dence in the district whence she derived her honours. And it was that by which her intimates it appeared, usually addressed her. 'Well duchess, how are you this fine night? Still puffing and panting with your asthma?' said Mr. Blackader, entering with the familiar greeting of an habitue. ' I'm rather in a hurry to-night, besides being late, Mrs. Sellshore. Is my sister at home ?' Your sister! Ha, ha, ha; well dear me,' what a respectable man you-must be,- if the \-- truth were .knowni Mr. Rigol,. to keep that relationship up so,'-, said the Jewess, with her unpleasant leer, and seeming to pause for.,a confidence. -Receiving none: 'She's up " stairs, in her oivn'partments, I suppose; 'I saw her come in again in her widow's weeds, more than an hour and a half ago,' she resumed huffily; 'the little girl's been . annoying me almost to death ever since she Swent out-'Where mamma? where's -mammy ?'--I never saw such a restless little pimp. .But now, Mr. Rigold, who' dead in reality, that she puts on widow's weeds? Any one,-or'no one? She's such a close fist, no .. one'can get nothing out of her.' ' Her husband, of course, duchess,' replied the visitor, who appeared not to be made of much more penetrable-stuff. 'Then why was you so partickler that the mourning was to be old, as if it had been in wear for six months or so ?' ' Because Mr. Bickers has been dead for that time, and now his relations have taken pity on the widow and child, and mean to take charge of them, I thought it would look more decent and respectful if she seemed to be in mourning all-along,' replied Blackader, evidently rather annoyed by the questioning. 'But you have been fairly paid for the rig out, Mrs. Sellshore, and I thought your maxim for getting on in the world, was, 'No ques tions asked."' \- ' And so it is, sir; well, I'11 ask no more, only it was so unusual in our line to have a person give an oider-'for things -to look worn- out- and shabby on purpose. You paid for the clothes like a gentleman, Mr. Rigol; but who's to pay me my rent that's due,. and a lot of other little things she owes me ?' 'Everything shall be made right before we go, Mr. Sellshore, of course.' Rebecca--here, show the gentleman up to Mrs. Bicker's partment,' screamed the Jewess. 'There is no occasion-I know the way,' said Blackader, pushing past her through' a maze of corduroy trousers, scarlet comforters, Swaistcoats, gowns, brooms and frying pans, hanging on lines along the shop. ie gained .an opening in the wall, and disappeared up a flight of narrow steps, covered with tattered oilcloth. The Jewess followed him with her uncom fortable leer. '.He an't no coachman, nor nuffin of-tlihe sort,' she murmured to herselt. 'I wonder whether he's a gen'leman in disguise, as has a wife and children all proper of his own-he comes it so cautious, always a-asking for his sister, as if she was any more his sister than I'm Lott's wife.' -' The subject of this astute commentary had meanwhile reached a landing place, into which- several narrow doors opehed, He selected the one in front, and knocked very- loudly at it, as if he intended to be heard down in the magazine, which he probably did. 'Come in I how tiresome you are with that respectful humbug of yours i' returned a sharp voice, the voice ot a femnale, evidently an irritated one, -' I thought, Maiia-I didn't quite know if you wi .'irc ;dolli or inot,' replivll llt-alckadCr, ,pl.ning the dlo r and ist cplpitn i. Sl'mn not--thiciet thii litti:e disobedient mi;n h. re, iiho tal-cs after you in everything but her good looks, teasing me to death by refusing to go to bed,' said the woman-a woman in widow's weeds--in whom Sir Richard Graham would have been a good deal surprised to recognise the pathetic relict of the late Lieutenant Snodgrass, of Wood bine Cottage, Kingston-on- Thames. 'She is evidently getting too much for you to manage, Maria, and you will be well quit of her before your foolish indulgence has given her the complete mastery over you,' said Mr. Blackader, looking vengefully at an impudent and rebellious-eyed, but very beautiful little girl, of about seven or eight years old, who stood glaring defiance at him, and her mother too, from her large blue eyes. 'I want to go-I should like to go-I don't want to stay with mother any more, and I hate you, I do !' exclaimed the child. ' Do you hear that, Rigol ? She hates youl' said, the woman, and in a tone of some emotion. 'Well, perhaps there's no great love lost,' replied Blackader, coolly. 'You never taught her that, however, I know, Maria. Order. her to her bed, and let'us talk over what we have to do.' ' 'I won't go to bed,' said the child, with dogged resolution; though the reverse of that before announced. 'I like best to 'Sit up. I won't go to bed-I'll go and play with little Warner.' 'We shall see whether you will or not, Miss Positive,' said Blackader, with more vehe mence than he usually put into his tones. ' Mamma, mamma ! don't let that man touch me !' shrieked the child, hiding her little head in her mother's bosom. ' It will be the making of us all,' continued Blackader. 'You have no notion how extremely rich he is, and bow he hates his only natural heir.' ' Do you think he bites at our bait ?' ' He nibbles beautifully; he is too cautious an old fish to bite all at one. You will have some trouble before you can get the hook into his gills. But that will only be the better sport for such a clever woman as you are, complimented Blackader. ' Did I go through with it pretty well, do you think ?' returned the woman, hastily, as if rather pained than flattered by the remark. '.I.never saw a finer piece of acting in my life. You get-up. was perfect. The more I saw, of it the more I wondered how it was you didh't succeed:in your play acting specula tion?. . The 'woman coloured, and bit her lips. 'The manager's mistress couldn't act, and was determined I shouldn't-but you knew all about it long ago,' she replied, sharply." 'Do you mean, then, to say 'that the old fellow seems likely to fall into the snare ?' ' He is quite . taken with you, I tell you, and has already given you the ;preference over all your competitors.-- Ilhough, to be sure,'that-isn't much ; I took care-that no idne likely to suit got access,' said:Blackader, ' So he says, if your references are all right, he thinks you will suit-him to :a. T.. I'll take care `they are pretty, favourable,; you, may depend. Btit.I had a good deal'of work to hinder him''fromh going down:to' Kingston himself, after all, to make the inquires ; not that he suspects anything, but he is really quite anxious to install you, and proposed to' go in his carriage and bring you up on the dickey.' 'Thank hifm ! with the coachman ?' 'I told. him I was sure you .were too much the lady to like that, I impressed upon him how terribly.ladylike you are-that he mayn't' think you- will disgrace his choice .when he makes you' my; 'Lady Graham I' 'And you are really in earnest in'twishing me to become s?' ? ' Whiat could I wish to make you better ?' observed the managing clerk, with an iionical smile... ' ' Well,'it is even not yet too late,' replied his accomplice, with excited earnestness.. 'Not for my own sake-you know I care nothing about such nonsense as honour or character, now. But for the sake of that poor, wretched child, Rigol, who is also yours; fulfil the promise you made me so long ago; and marry me yourself. I will make you a good and constant wife, I swear, in spite of all 'that is past, for her sake. And let us give up your" wicked project on' that old man's money:-it. will never do us any good.' There was something redeeming yetin the woman's nature. The divine' instincts of the mother yet held sway in it. There was none whatever in the man's. ' Nonsense, Maria I time enough to talk of all that when we have secured the main chance,' he said. 'Sir Richard is an old man now; he can't live for ever. And when you are in reality a widow, and one of the wealthiest in England, then we will make a glorious match of it, andour own little heiress before all England I at least as our pretty orphan niece.' ' But are you sure I shall renew my suppli cations then ?' returned the wo0an,'witli eyes that flushed full of fire, :' You know honors change manners.' 'I am sure that as long as you love that child as passionately as you do, I possess a talisman whose power you cannot resist,' exclaimed Blackader, triumphantly. 'But how long will you possess it, exiling her from my sight and every endearing as sodiation, as you propose?' said the mother, with a bitterly mournful, and yet as it were, also exultant query. She spoke in some measure perhaps to herself. It might be, she foresaw, in this project the breakingof the last link of the chain that bound her to the base and treacherous man who thus outraged every lingering feeling of womanhood in her breast. 'Oh, she will live-she is not the kind that 'die so early. She is not by any means too good to live-the angels are'not on the look out to reclaim her as a strayed cherub,' said Blackader, jeeringly, but not appa'fently dis cerning the true meaning of the woman's question. He was too utterly without feeling to understand it. There was a pause. 'Well,' said the widow, 'after a brief inter val, during which her countenance twitched and'worked with a curious spasmodic action, 'since'it'is'all to be as you say, how are we to carry on the farce ?' ' SI want you to go down to Kingston this very night-there is still time, by the ' Flower Pot' omnibus-and to-morrow I shall come down first "thing in the morning to inquire into your character. You will have let your house, I shall find when I comei, Mrs. Snod grass, and you will be staying at the principal ion in the place.' 'Have I a lIouse there, then ? Pray in what piart? ? I ought to knowv;' returned the acccomplice, carelessly,. ' m'u: t make inquirii ; I saw a \Wood line Cottage adverticd two or three days iea,, at Kinston, and on mi:king my re searc:cs at the agent's, i: town, I fou' d it Ielonged to a Lieutenanlt Snoc'.gras,'s widow, which lieutenant died about six months' ago. Do you think I christened you haphazard ? said Blackader, smiling cunningly. \'hat a clever villain you are. Well, I am a widow. 1 have just let my house ; and am staying a few clays at an inn. Let me see if I have my lesson perfect. My name is Snodgrass-Maria Snodgrass, I presume ?' 'No, Susanna Snodgrass ! we must not leave the least clue to your identity-and Susanna is a much more staid and re spectable name. Besides, there's the story about ' Susanna and the Elders,' you know and it is a good omen,' observed Blackader. ' Very well, Susanna Snodgrass, I am quite indifferent. But who will pay the people here, and the expenses of my trip? They won't let the child go, I can tell you, if even .they let me, without being paid. They know she is the only hostage for my return, for I have not a shilling's worth of anything left belonging to me.' ' I will pay for everything and everybody -I know I am putting out my money to good interest,' said the managing clerk, glee fully. 'I thought you said you had no money? That you were completely beggared by a failure in some speculation you had foolishly followed your wealthy owner in?' returned Mrs. Snodgrass, as we shall call her until she changes the name to her advantage-with contempt in every inflection of her voice. ' Yes : but-but '-I have borrowed some,' returned the detected knave-that most' despicable of all compounds, a miser and a profligate at once. 'You have borrowed the money, have you and you could not borrow a few sovereigns a few days ago to save me from \- no matter !--- from worse than star vation. Very good,' said Mrs. Snodgrass, and she registered a secret vow as she uttered the words. ' It is useless, however, to reproach you,' she continued with perhaps unnatural calm ness. 'Let us talk of something else.' 'Besides, we have no time to lose, the omnibus. starts very shortly; but you had better not fluster yourself by a parting scene with that little minx,' said Blackader. ' Now, that's my own brave Susanna, set to work, and pack up whatever you mean to take with you, while I go and make it all right with the old flounder.below,' 'Am I not to see .her again, before you take her to Portsmouth ?' 'Yoi had better not.' 'Will her aunt write and say how she is getting, onh? I wish I had her- taught some little things herself, poor child ! but I had no time,'mrlimured the mother. : 'Her :aunt will write' to, me,' and I shall oftensee., you, and bring you the n,iewss; it wouiild not be safe, you know;, to have letters come to Sir Richard's place where you will soon," if. I am idt much mistaken, have enviers ,and ' ill-wishers enough,' said Blackader, with his'sickening smile. But I have hardly any cl6thes. I should lilkle 'to have a, few absolute necessaries from' Mrs. Sellshore's stores ?' hesitated the-widow. ' Do you think ':she has got any with the S'S. upon thiem?' ' ' We can. see;, at 'all event-she has all manner of things in her private stores. And perhaps I' miay manage to Isee-my little girl again if:it be for the last. time, the better for her, she conclted, inwardly. ; It wals Tuesday -Before' the =week came to ani endi Mrs; Snodgrass was' formallyWin stalled ..housekeeper at Dulvich Villa, and her "cdaughlter Malvina, -on";: theli- following Sunday, was confided to; the' safe' keeping of a drunken old Portsmo6uth pot-house, pub lican and his wife. :. CHAPTER XXVII, It was the Sunday night after the discovery of the murder of the unfortunate watchman at Charlton House, on the previous one. The manufactory, as we have formerly observed, was built near an old mansion of that* name. The family resided in this house,.which was separated by ornamental gronnds, and a plantation of very ancient trees, from the buildings erected for the paper mill. Beyond these there was a tract of wild common, bordered by the hop plantations of an extensive grower who farmed under the Sidneys. Corn had for a long period been superceded throughout the district by the culture of this more valuable bitter. But, in the midst of the acres of hops that extended a good day's ramble round Charlton, still stood the remains of a windmill that had once found full employment in converting the harvests of the neighbouring districts into flour and meal. Its occupation had now been gone for nearly half a century, and the place had been so long untenanted by beings of flesh and blood as to have acquired the reputation of being haunted by others of less tangible and substantial make. Black Mill was its name--and there is more in a name than the enamoured Juliet could bring herself to ac knowledge. The first proprietor of the mill doubtless either pitched or painted his timbers of that colour, tobring it boldly out in relief, as a point of attraction to the .surrounding farmers. Time and decay contributed to keep it .quite black .enough to preserve its visible claims to the epithet. But if half the country-side stories were true, Black Mill had also moral-or rather imnioral-claims to the designation. The ancestor of the family was declared to have been a poor cottager that suddenly enriched himself by the murder of a pedlar who unavisedly ventured to accept his hospitality for the night; which pedlar carried an untold treasure in a stocking-foot about his person. With the money thus acquired, Leppard the first built the Black Mill. It was never proved in any legal form, but the last possessor of this ill-got property ?ias'.said to have experienced the truth of the jingling proverb in style.. Ill-got was indeed ill-gone, if-as was currently reported in the neighbourhood for many a long year after the last old Leppard, Jerdmiah John, was cast into' the machineay of his mill while in full whirl, by conspiracy of lhis. own wife and children, and literally torn and ground to pieces ! He was, however, a horrible old wretch, if the stories told of him were to be believed, and richly deserved his doom-but not from the hands that inflicted it. SPerhaps this fearful parricide was merely a version, bestowed by country credulity and love of the dreadful,, on an accident that might have befallen the 'old man, probably enough, without the aid of any such un natural violence. He was a noted drunkard, and might very-easily have fallen into the works while superintending their operation. His falnily unanimously witnessed that such was the case, and that he was alone at the tine of the catas trophec-clse ccrtantly thlcr: weas no very clear reason why he could not have beet saved, or at least rescued, before bein;; literally pounded, flcsh and bone?, to the miass of hideous pulp lwhiclt was all of Jeremiah John that remained to be interred inl Brook churchyard. But people's suspicions inclined to the beltf that a fearful crime had been com mitted, however incapable of legal proof. Under the pressure of that conviction, and of the changed cultivation of the district,. the Leppards were driven into exile, and not one of the name now remains in that part of the country. They emigrated, it was be lieved, to a southern state of the American Union, where it was reported they turned slave-dealers on a large scale. But the place they had inhabited continued long afterwards to be held as once accursed. It was shunned by all whom necessity did not take that way; and they were few, for Black Mill was remote from any high road. When the wind was high on boisterous nights, it was said to set in motion a solitary vane that stillclung to the mill, and therebythe whole rusty internal machinery. Then shrieks as of an old manin a fearful death-struggle and suffering were audible amidst the clanking and whirr of wheel and cog,, hopper and clapper; and the whole parricidal tragedy was believed to .be re-enacted, with a con tinual accession of damned spirits, according as those of the miller's unnatural children passed, in the process of time, from this into the future state of existence ! It was not. every inhabitant of those parts who would have known how to make his way to this evil spot through the mazes of the hop plantations surrounding it. But a person who took himself thither on the evening we have mentioned from Charlton-although he adopted a very considerable circuit- seemed perfectly familiar with all the windings of the labyrinth. Young in years, but old in hypo critical villainy, Augustus Pophly had already found the desolate place an appropriate scene for some of his performances. It was he who now stole, like a young fox already craftier than his sire, through the brushwood, by a long roundabout, to the Black Mill. It was.about three miles 'from Charlton. Augustus started after "nightfall on:his excur sion, telling his mother and the family- at home that he was only:going to the village to learn if there were any news; It was a dark night when he arrived, if we except the scattered light shed by the stars. There was no moon. Augustus reached the congenial scene, looking very pale, and panting as if hunted by some pursuer, a cold perspiration bathing his visage. It was not very strange, either, that a coward should have done the brutal deed that placed him in such jeopardy. He got over a. stile in a half-fallen wall of rubble-stones, that formerly enclosed the mill-yard, and found himselfunder the shadow of the ruin. Ruin it was; only one of the vanes remained, which .projectel, like some gigantic black finger pointing upward,. and as it were menacifgly;. to the heavens.!' A por tion of the: lower fourdation--=the ..mill was built on cross piles--had decayed 'away, and the whole structur.. leaned on one side, and seemed to. intend going over'some day bodily in that direction.. . Roofless' outhouses, a garden choked with :hemlock and other weeds, completed the dilapidated scene; A wicked.species of'desolatioidwas around the murderer indeed ! :: A .After a careful survey, Augusttis began to wtvistfle'at first a rvery timid.pipe: 'Rather by habit :than - purpose, hie favored the silent sceni, witi the blythe notes of " Whistle, and .I'11 comie to:you, my lad." 'It-had often been his signal with. poor;itrusting Mary Rourke.' -There iwas little5cheeifulness : in the present performance;' however; '-: ' ,But it was doubtless still rmeant as a sunis mons. .Augustus looked fearfully, round as he whistled, and seemed dismayed and puzzled at the silence that alone replied. ' Where can the' drunken wretch be ? The whole day drinking at Jollie's' beer-shop, they say. Can he have forgotten our appoint ment ?' Reflecting thus, he was startled by a noise resembling the lifting of a wooden bolt ii the interior of the mill. Looking towards it, he was still more struck with a red gleam that shone round a square wooden pane in the upper part of the ruined structure, probably an aperture used of yore to admit air and light. It disappeared almost before he could make certain it was really to be seen. ':The mad' villain i has he taken up his quarters regularly, and intends to call atten tion'to this old murder-hole? I wish I had a chance of setting him and the whole mill in a blaze together. It would make.a proper 'bonfire for him. Rourke,' he continued, raising his voice in passion; 'why don't.you come here? Here I am ! What do you mean by playing at hide-and-seek with me?' 'Oh, Mr. 'Gustus, is it ydii ?' exclaimed a coarse voice,, and Augustus Started to find thatV his ruffianly' accomplice bolted up close behind him, on the other. side of the wall;. . * 'Why, who, else did you expect it could be ?' returned the young criminal, peevishly. ''The devil, for anything I knew !--or the ghost.of the old murdered miller, which they say haunts hereabouts. I did'nt like to come to over close quarters until I saw somebody else of flesh and blood to the fore,' said Rourke, Augustits thought in his own mind that he lied. He was convinced, from the light he had seen, that the discarded over seer had taken up his domicile in the ruin, as a good pelace for prowling and conceal ment. He knew Rourke had received a peremptory notice to quit the cottage in Brook where he and his daughter lodged. The latter was only permitted to remain until her father provided himself and her with another asylum-at the earnest request of her youthful patroness, Miss Sydney. The younger desperado conceived that it would be a good occasion to retrieve some credit for courage with the bolder ruffian, who he was aware held a very slight opinion of his resources in that respect. 'Well, I am solid enough I should sup pose, to satisfy you. Let us go nearer the mill, that we may make certain no one over hears us,' he said. 'Be hanged,if I don't think we are near enough, Mr. 'Gustus,' said Rourke, whose brawny frame quivered as he spoke. 'I have already had a turn to-night, for as. sure as my name's Patrick Rourke I saw a long, lean figure, dressed all in white like a miller, go up them broken steps into the mill, or may the next drop I swallow choke me !' 'You have already had one too many, and see visions, man ! You taunt me with want of nerve; let us see now which of us has the stouter heart, after all!' And Augustus de scended from the stile and walked delibe rately up to the mill. 'Nerve !--what the devil's that ?-But I'll ic s f;;r: a the )) S 1 mall in:1111~11 \: it inoa turn.:(:c (f fItc !' saild Il.I)utkc, in a 1tcrt'rin:; and bullyiniz torsoL, that tcVcttIWIc~s did not quite ootccaI a cqltavcrinti of rcsolu tion. TO Ill: COtINTUEDt). 