The Mystic Shots; on THE HAUNTED ROOM OF PORT LOUIS. By Fairs FonassrTa. I was proceeding homeward in the Gippe. land train the other evening. The only oo. cpsents of the compartment besides myself were an old Scotohman and a young Ameri. can; the formerbeingwship carpenter, and the latte a.sailor. During conversation, the elder man re ferred to the superstition which exited among sailors when he was a boy; and re lated several stories of witches, ghosts, and fairies, the particulars. of. which had. come underhis own observation. Theyoungman, too, related many amusing instances of the superstitions belief. of those with whom he had come in. contact in the course of his travels ; but the following account oa great fright he experienced upon one occasion impressed me so much that on reaching home I wrote it in my notebook, and now reproduce it for the. numeroas readers of Tit.Bits, I give it as nearly as possible in'the young man's words, and will allow him to, tell his own story. The biggest fright'I ever had was In the Mauritius, at Port Louis, the capital. I had been allowed a ran on shore, and towards evening found myself. at a French restaurant. I indulged pretty freely, in French olaret, the wine of the country, habut not-being much aconstomed to the drink, I mixed about equal quantities of rum with it in orderto make it more to my taste. The landlady and her serving women were French. They could not speak much English, nor I.much French ;, so that.we be came considerably mixed in our attempts at conversation. I managed, however, to-make them under stand that I wished to stay all night, and they succeeded, after. a great deal of gestico lation and shrugging of the shoulders, in making me understand. that the only avail able room I could occupy was haunted. I, being young and fearless, told them I cared neither for ghost nor devil; and a haunted room would suit me just as well as any other ; in fact, I should rather enjoy the new sensation. I was shown the room; it was up a-small flight of stairs ; rather small, but.there was nothing visible to cause it to look different to any ordinary bed-room. On the floor was a dull discoloration, which they informed me was caused by human blood. They had tried to wash itoff, baut had not been able to remove it; and there the dark black stain stared me in the face. Evidently some dismal tragedy had been perpetrated there. My attendant managed to make meander stand that a former proprietor had been murdered by some coolies in that very room, that the stain was his blood, and that the room had been haunted ever since. I confess I didn't like the blood stain, but a sailor sees too much in his knockings about to be too fastidious. So, after a ' Bon soir, monsieur,' from the landlady, I quickly an. dressed, and being very tired after my day's carouse, and very drowsy after Imbibing so much French claret, speedily fell into a sound slumber. How long I slept I know not; but I was roused by a shot fired above my head. I was awake in an instant, and found myself bathed in a cold sweat. My first impression was that I was dream. ing, and the horrid sensation I experienced was owing to the quantity of liquor I had imbibed. I listened, bat everything was still, and I quickly dozed off again to dlep; but not for long. Again another shot was fired, and instantly I at bolt upright il bed. \The room was in perfect darknss,.bat there came a sound that made my blood run cold; it was a drip-drip-drip of some thing, what I knew not, upon tha end of my bed. I began to repent of my foolhardiness in consenting to sleep in .that haunted room. Though usually afraid o.L neither man nor devil, I confess I did feel frightened. However, after a little while I plucked up courage, and thought I would try-and find out where the shots- came from, and what was the cause of the drip-drip--drip s r me. So after fumbling about a wilkl managed to find some matches and struck light. No sooner had I lit my small bit of oandl than I was literally paralysed with My clothes, which I had placed stthe of the bed, were soaked with blood I What possessed me I know not, but I gave one terrifio yell, and, clutching at the bed clothes, I fell insensible on the floor al rolled under the bed, upsetting the table so my fall and extinguishing the light. The noise I made alarmed the inmW and they came rushing up stairs, thinki no doubt that I had been dreaming of haunted room and of the tragedy previou enacted there; but the sight that met eyes on opening the door of my room as unexpected as it was tragic. There, extended at full length n floorq lay the sailor boy covered with b evidently dead, the table overturned, the bed clothes disordered, and every siof a fearful crime having been committed.J The sight so filled them with al that they instantly fled, and had a very w escape of broken bones in their hlt re. treat. Meanwhile the landlord, hearing ?he un usual commotion that was going o, came with candle in hand up the rickety stairs, followed by other inmates of the hou, and quickly reached the entrance to my room, where the same scene presented itself had been witnessed by those who had a igno miniously fled a few moments before By this time I had regained my ness, and was crawling from under bed. The blood was dripping from my fe and. hands, and I mvet have presented a tmo~t ghastly and hideous sight;. hot ad of uttering any exclamation of s ee or alarm he only burst out into a fit o hsster ous slaughter, and,almost ahoking t?maer. riment, exclaimed "Le Vin I La V? I'' Just at that moment the report oe another of those terrible pistol shots through the room. This, instead of alarming the F ?man, only made him shriek with la , as he stain excitingly exclaimed " .Vil Le Vin I" By this time the truth began cdawnthat it was not blood but wine upon , and on looking up on a shelf over my I saw a number of bottles of wine. me were corked, but from others the orwere gone, and the wine, evidently f t, was orzing out of the top, and, pig.from the shelf to the bed below, sahined my clothes. The noises Ihad sfacied to pistol ashots were the corks flying from t botths, and the drip-drip--drip was the ?inI claret falling on the bed. A supply of cold water set me all right; my clothes were not -the worse, and I slept soundly the der of the night, without being muolsted by ghost or demon. I learnt afterwards that story of the hau?nted room was only. trick of tim Fre:lchwoman to frightat poor sailor Ali's well that ends well, Ioan assure you I had the greatesat sight that eCmI hadti my lij(% 