"MODER.ATE, BUT PROGRESSIVE." TO-DAY'S ELECTION?. - Tnlls daywill, we suppose,;decide{ the rather vexed question ; as to ,yhether Mr. Roirr. MiLL or 1iDi'. ALL.A WALKER shall be one of 'the reprsen tiatives of the :central :ridiig of ° tis' shire. Ever. since the extaiordiiiary 'acancv.n as proclaimed, the supporters of each'candidate have been work-ing most assiduously, and the results of their labor will be seen to-day.- The respective claims of .the candidates have 'been well aired thi"o'gh our columns, both by correspondence and otherwise and there is. bIut littlef? any voter q:do tiieow- ,wyrhe .WaynO? making up his Inmid; there is little consideration necessary anywhere, and we have no doubt that the majority of the voters will go to the boothl with minds that have been made up at least a week. One matter. wemust refer to now is the feeling of security many voters have with regard to their favor ite candidate. This feeling is often crri-d sQ far at times, that voters do not go to the trouble of voting,think= ing that one vote cannot make 'suclh diflerencei to eitlierside. ".But "we~ would point out that one vote not being recorded is =the oaus.e of. this extraordihnary election, additional e-. r peise to the candidates,'and nej.less 1I expInSe to the shire, and "ergo" to c the ratepayers themselves. Apart, I however, from the expense often in- t volved throug through the inaction of some o.elr-confidhit 'ratepay?r, or"tli?'gh F the' indiffoi?ico some~persons exhibitos - to who shall represent them, the prin ciple of not voting is a bad one. It .gguestse'is--tlh -ind ividual-either -the" incapacity to judge between the candi ,dates forý otiice, or gross ?eguligence, of his'duty: - It'is every ian'shduty to do the best lie can for himself, his shire, .nld iseountry, aii one of the ways to do the best hli can for his shire is to try, in shire elections, to put the best nanl in office. Every man and woman who has a vote should not let anly small matter prevent them froim voting; and those who are fortunate enough to have two or more votes should give them all to one candidate, and not split theum up. Instances are common cnougll all through the country where ni;m, ivin vo votes. rive one to each oAndidate.ý"ý en of touind common sense in mosPthiugs h:ve been known to do this sort of thing, but surely they could never for one moment have thought of the absurdity of such action. For example, A and B are candidates, C is a voter, and lie gives a vote to A, ,utle has another vote, and lie gives ,thatto B. By thus causing the can didates to maintain their relative positions, lie hais done neither of them any good, and they were just as well before lie voted as they were after. By such a course lie has influenced the election no more by voting than if lie lhad not taken the ballot paper in his hand, t all.o n fact he only took the rauble to go to fihe booth to deprive himself of any voice whatever in the result of the election, and lie is im measurably worse ofl; as far as his influence over the election is concerned, ,tlhin the man who only had one vote, ?imd record'ed'it" ' But as regards the candidates them selves, a word or two nmay not be out of season. Mr. AILL said, on the oc casion of his adidress to the electors before the i last .election, ; that ' his opponient, dMr. 'WALKER, i.as a foemall worthy of his steel. We think so too. As far as the two candidates are con sidered morally, intellectually, and so -ially, there can lie nothing to choose betw'een lielii,: andl:the olily difference hetweeij them appears to be that 'Mr. MILL is considered to be the town member, while Mr. WVALKER is con sidered the country member, anud that Ir-: 3MiL. is fivor?able to the floating of a loan in order that some reproduc tive works may be begun at once, while r Mr. 'ALKER is opposed to the floating of a loan. Therein lies the whole dif ference, and it is for the ratepayers r to-day to decide whether that difference the state of the streets and the drainage system generally, they will probably; vote for the candidate for whom they entertain the most kindly feeling ; but if they are not satisfidd with the state of affiirs, they will prolably enquire as to which candidate will. look after, the interests of the town i?ast, and, on learning, vote for that can lidate. If Mr. WrALKER canlnot pledge himself to work as hard as his opponent pledges himself to do for the welfare of this t torn, then we submit, with all respect to him as a gentlemen, that lie lihas no t claim upon the votes of the town. The r town is entitled to a loud voice on this moatter. Twenty acres of the town property is rated as heavily as fifty thousand acres of the country, there-, I fore we urge upon all town voters to vote only for that candidate who will \- give the town its due share of his con sideration. We have no desire to deprive the country parts of anything which is cldue to them, we only desire that which is fair and equitable. The country is at the present timne repre sented by seven members of the coupt cil, and surely those odds are great enough. We have received a oommunication from a lerson signing himself " NVictory," and :ve imust say that:watjcninoti sdmit any such effiltions to a place in onur coluimns:s If .'Victory,"p .wishmd to do 31r Allatm W? alker a serce da,-he would have written in a less imupertinent and lesi scurrilous tone, but the publication of the letter would not unly injure Mr Walker's cause, but would probabhly plunge us-and deservedly-into a libel asc.s. We. have always been most happy to puluishl letters from the supporters of both culdidates bultwc.lb not fedl onmmselfcs stified) iii d'ii.agwliat oightrto caue usethj eanxiety of defetnding a libel ietin'di, just to"ilkse some irate individual who jumps at rash conclusione.u& , " i Tie result ofyesterday's election for h ·Pcrovince ihtheeti' "sl.ti?'e' Co~iriiil, wn? iss'doiiiwlielmingmunjority. for the Hoil. \Vm. Pearson. At the time ofour going to press the otingstood :-P-earson 1633, Sarecrait 533;: Stich retnrns as came tb hand we publish elsewhere. I "t' ,nalnts have pachedros cencernugit( sat' id , c 'teth smr al lowed to wander about in the streets of -the town douring nigiht. The other crveti ing ia hIldynightl havg eto irtli i senous accident; she ws walkilglngFrinklin street, and-when mid-way between tlhe local Police Station and the new Post Office' she almost walked;over a horse which ,was ,lying, in the middle of tlihe fdoktf~th.: Had she bdoei wanllinh ;iiickly anRnccidbeiit 'culd not have!.eeb avoidedl; ,for it was most certain if she had fallen over 'the horse, she would have been tirampled upni, and pirohbably kicked. We tlthink it w-Ould be well for these matters' to be looked into a .little, to i'iire 'the 'sifetj of liofeand limb. / -At - the Traralgon police court on Wednesday. before Messrs Peterkin and 'Morrison, J.'sP. PThe following c'ses werec didalt with :-Hughl M'Auloy v. Peter 3.'Ewani: 17s due for monney lent; R. B. B3Udersmn vI .l Frser, 2 3i:7i for , o gds anidelifeied.'inibtllcases. onles were made for for the amounot claimed, and hi latter case 5s costs were allowed. Parkin v. Keesing for an alleged a:riaunlt was dismissed on technical grounds. Mr. Screijcant who appeared for defendant asked for costs, but they were niot allowed. The Davis Sewing Machine Company have, through their local agent Mr,. Parkin given a prize of a Silver hunting. watch to be awarded by the Agricultural 1 Society ot the forthcomingshow, The election of a candidate to represent the centril'ndiilg of this shire, will- take a place todaylihen it is hoped'that every p voter 'lwh6 can, possibly record his vote a will doso. " \ t o . " Messrs Sp ioht,'Ag, -and Frid, Corn- 3 missiondrs of Victori'an nalways, acco?o m a .panied by several of the officers of the a deplartment, and Mr . A C. Grooni, M.LA., t plassed through Traralgon on `Monday. On their arrival at the railway station ri there was a good number of persons to f geet theim., Mr J. 13odycombi ,(sh:mro, president); and Fgonucillnrs Peterkipn,( Tiunrk, English,iand Firmii ore ? ire- t sent. But while the Commissioners are s willing to listen to anything that may be r said.regardlig. theh-wats-Or.to. various towns they less throughl, it is after all t almost a waste of time for persons to a meet them on the platform of a railway i station, and merely tell them what is re- t quired. The Comnmissioners seldom stay at astation for more thanua few.minutes, 5ir hi-tl i rs cm yt ef iv, e vii t ani ihed answers. On the occasion of their visit 1 to tiis v~tiithey st?aled proltbiltfiquiartee 1 :of an hour, and in that short time Messrs Bodyoomb, Peter'iFn'aund'3"as. Campbell (shire secretary), told them in a thorough busiiis .likematminei'a f dfnio ofi,thelfew things we require.., The,first thing msn tioncd was the inconvenience often caused to persmis.wishing to cross the ?ine. It was pointed out by the three gentlemani mentidid,'tli.it~'perons lifad'dftdn' touvait half an hour. before they could get tlhroughl tld raiiway go wstou; , w'se nt. ofithe shunting, and passengers eitherleaving or coming ; to. the station,, were in great danuer of 'inig.r'iuoi overby ai-ssing. tnrucl s. Mr. Speight "TuTheshunting can lss ? bill gid ulatl i to'!suit':that ;a Mi Campbell : "Thatls-ll.we want. If you can, hiv:o the. shunting so reg.slated ,ve sill be quite satisficd ; but I t'ihiik either a bridge or subway- would be the only effectual way to prevent a serious acei dent, which must inevitably haplun,.with the-pri~siilt, stfie f things.': Mr. Speight : "My experience of bridges is that they ieo tierely puit up to look at; 'n o nne:ever uses them, and if we put one up it would be to say, imiithd event of.uiiuaccident, that the bridge was there." Mr Campbell: "We wiould ijrefeia:aoubway, iand !that I am sure would be used." MIr Speight : "Yes, that is a-much greater trap, they go down one side and forget about coming, up. the:other until -:they come to it." Thcerelpringsheds werejust toruched upon, bilt Mr. Speiglht could not say anything veiry definite abnut them just yet.: However; as these have been promised to Traralgon, there is little doubt that they will be established here by and by. Another niatter of import ance .to which the Commissioners pro miredL'togiv their atteltiln ?aa:.the questionl of bringing cheap gravel for the streets of this town from Cowwar. This is a matter of niu.h ilportance, andl as there will be a large quantity of it iused for the ntmaintenance of the streets, there is not ia doubt the matter will get the fair consideration of the Commis sioners. We are informed on good authority that two men, who have been irospecting for coal in the neighbourhood of Moe, luave dlriopped across it mineral they consider to be of great value. but as to the nature of the discovery, they refuse to give any in formation until they receive ani nalysis of it from a professional, to whom a sample is to be submitted within the next.day or two. Our inforsunmut also stated that oie of a prospectinig party told him that in testing the counltry his coin a pany had lroved the existenice and im . ovemeit in lthicknless of the. Moe. coal companies are about to be frrmed in that direction. This minor tried his hand at hewing coal, and experienced nodifilcuilty, the week or so he stuck to it, in taking t out his two ton and over per day in the 3Moe Comluny's tunnel. e At the local land board onil Monday ait . case of alleged dummyism against ,Mr. Boldiilg of Hlazehlooid, ?ms investi~ated. A neighbour of Mr. Bolding, named Wood, had written'-letter to the 'lunds Office, asserting that Miss Cmanwell was acting Sas a dummy for Mr. Boling, and asserted that Mr. Bo:ling used the puuldock as "I "publicly" as if lie had selected it himself. Further lie stated it was Boldings money. which hadpaid for all the improvements. The other side of the story was; howiver, very different. It was shown to the satis faction of the Board that Miss Cranwell Ha,'s a bona-fide selector, that Bolding had Spaid her £15 for permission to graze o cattle uponi her selectioni, and that her I temporary absence was tirough' illness, during which she was under the continual care of Drs Gunst and Take,. of Mel bourne. 'Whed "Wood thas ex.imined by the Board he ,had 'lothinl lwhatever to say, by way of sustailliing the allegations lie had made in his letter. The only thing he could say wis: that Bolding used tlhe paddock as "publicly" as if it were his own. ThetiBoard had little hesitation ill' saying.that the 'allegations of dummyism' were in no way sustained, aiid they "con sidered that Miss Cranwell proved her Sbon-:fides.'! Mr' Serjenit watchei the I case oar behalf of Miss COmnwelL - " A football match was played at Sale on Saturday, .between ,the Criterion (Sale) club and 'the 'Roedale club. "The Cri. terion.won the game by one goal, after a .ivell'contested match.. ,The visitors, how ever felt. that' they, made a. grave: error when -they.. took. the - supporters :of the Sale ,lub to be gentlemen. Not onl.y jwe're !nmilii f the' iruiar t liiid hurlufed at thoe visitors ind thleir fricinds t ila t imijury was - also added. Mlany of- the blackguards, of whbmti we holpe the Sale Club are heartily ashamed,.went even so far.eas to pelt some of the.visiting players ifith tiines whliile the, iveru: enmt 'orng to mark a charge at-the gbl. Probably ruffians of this kind would feel hurt if it were hinted that tlhey twere :uncivi lized beigs, hbut evdi atrthd risk of hurting their feelingi we ;nsstuay that those wsho delight in such blc, hkuardl. co~idioctiur6! far lessi civilized thuni the Victorian aboriginil of the present day. I.rTie lceln intends to createthroe royal ditleedtoos, to sighalise tlthd'?elhioation of hei- tliiled. The' llrinI:seletidd'for this honor are Albert Victor, Christian, anlli -.el.nryofBa.ttenberg: 'The;:ceurt circle is Iconcerte?i over Prnice Alleit Vititr's peachacut- ff -th&SPrincess; Victoria, daughter ofrthe Duchess of.Teck.. At k recent private bll'thc' youlig 'lpriice in sisted on dancinig five tiners with his iianimorata. The Queen and the Prince of Wales both disapprove of this infatuatiosn. They intend to have Priisce Albert'Victor marry outside of the family. Tihe deplltatini fronil the new Boer Re public in Zululaud has wiaited upon Sir Arthur Havelock, Goveruir of NataL The deleglites'claim the recognition bf "the independence of a polrtton of thie Zulu ter ritory, covering an area of 2,269,600 acres, and the suzerainty of the Boers over the whole of Zululanld with the exceptiolt ofI the reserve. Sir Arthur refiLed to unego tiate unless the Boers renouilced a third i of the acrcage for which the" demandled 1 independence, and also their claim fora suzerainty. A deadlock in the niegotia-j tiols has cousequently enstued. A shocking accident receutly hL'ppenOd at Woolwich. During the casting of a 1 steel iigot 100-ton giolu, nu irish laborer was sent down into the pit to do sone necessarry work, when the mass of solteC c metal exploded. The man was over- I whelmed, and it was with the utmostt difficulty that part ot his body was withdramwn. Tile other remains to-day part of castingo( 100--on gun. We hear that during the waek our eniterprising townsmanl, Mr. Peterkinl has purchased through A. M'Leau and Co thm whole of. Mr. Win. Whittakers redgum timber, which covers an area of about 3000pcrces. 'This is a good guarantee that , active sawmill operatilons ill be cariied y oi' for somei considerable time to come in h this district. What appeared to beaphenomenon was f noticed in the vicinity of Mt. l?awbaw on t Sunday and Monday last. Itappears that s dluring the 'h? vy, thunderotorm- which t iassed ovAr this district dh Sunday even- t inwhal ap'lm uerd't b ie 7 lill'df fire ijah seen to fall towards Mt. Bawbaw, and i, remain there for upwards of an hour. It I 'wS seenfrom-- Morweil-as -well"ai-frim this town. On Monday several persons 1 who saw the strange light on the previous a night looked in the direotion of the monu tain and were surprised to see a column of steam, or very white smoke, rise from thofikfl .to?t?he mountain. -Those-who watched it carefully escribeid k ig + like a jet of steam which rose apparently thirty feet abmretlie Tyers-range, and sprad ount jnt p gloud ;tit'ould then sublside. These suppised jets of steai would rise every few minultes, and colln tinnued throughout the whole of the day. It could scarcely be a fire, because it rninild hevily on Sunday evening, and in the vrcimity, of Bas~ w ,onitinuonisly all' day.f4 molnto hntli?r wliositw the curious. sight were the Rev. Moisrs. Walker aid Cfoneerning ghosts and haunted houses, the experience of odn~fit'Lti :iimembei's of the Seybert investigation committee is riather interesting. }le is a professor at 'the University of I'ennsvlvaina,' and resides in the suburbs of Philadelphia. At a certain hour each 'day 'omne of .the windows of his house rattles quite violently,and this entirely independent rof ;wimi or# weath?er. , Naturadly, the -gentlenmanI sas comsidrahlvy pu.zled at the phenomenon, for while there was alsonlutely no visible cause alppamrnt, cach day brought this manifestation of activity on the part of hisotherwise quite window. Ile determined to discover the cause, and thou'ght at once of the railroad which ran but a short distance from his hone. lHe found, however, that no trains were in the vicinity at that time of d:ay The re currence of the noise at precisely the same hour so far unpresed him with the belief that it must have a connection with sometsio ll-oiserveda time table, that ,he t it~held' his .investigstionu farther, iiol incluided another riiilroad'seiveml miles distant. On comparing his observation with the train schedule the significant fact e was discovered that a heavy train passed aspiot within two or three' miles of the house at about the same time that the C window rattled. Following this cle lihe Sexamined the formationrs, and found that an outcropping ledge which the full force of the traiii vebratiuons came to uin end it iminulisstely under his ivindow. This gave a satisfictory explanation 'of a t phenomenon which, in the hands of a less investigative person, who would havebeen sufficienlt . foundation for, a mild ghost story. Tr Te Porte has. authorised the free e pss-ae through the Dardanllles ofRussian 0 tor oo boats proceeding to Odessa. The regulations from the Public Act, 1883 With the examination papers from 1s Juno 1885 to Jutly 1886, are to hand in a 0 neat little book of about 60 aInges. Mr 1 Samuel Mullen, of Collins-street is the publisher of this cheap aind useful compi lation. We have received "The Kitchen Garden and Cottager's Manual" (A. II. Massina and Co.). an extremely reliable guide to culinary crops for the table. Mr. Wm. Clarson is the author, and it is well worth Sthle'shilling charged for it. 