? VICTORIA. ARCHDIOCESE OF MELBOURNE. FAST DAY. * Monday, 28th June, being the Vigil of SS. Pet® arid fiiil, will be a fast day. HOLIDAY OF OBLIGATION. Tuesday, being the Feast of SS. Peter and Paul, will be a holiday of obligation. DAY OF DEVOTION. Friday, being the Visitation of the BleBsed Virgin Mary, will be a day of devotion. TUJ5 SODALITY OF THE BLESSED VIRGIN MARY, ST. PATRICK'S COLLEGE. At a meeting of the sodality on Friday evening, 18th inst., there were present, besides the members, a number of candidates for admission and friends, and the Rev. Fr. Murphy, S.J., delivered a lecture, which was highly appreciated by all present. After devotions the company adjourned to the large hall to hear an excellent paper read by Mr. J. M'Clean, entitled, "Notes on the Colonies," and his contribution was thoroughly enjoyed. The chair was taken by Mr. C. Gavan Duffy. Dr. Doyle proposed a vote of thanks to Mr. M'Clean, which was seconded by Mr. Rogers. We understand his Eminence Cardinal Moran has kindly promised to address the members when be returns to Melbourne for the Month's Mind of the late, lamented Archbishop, and most probably he will celebrate Mass for the sodality, who will approach Communion in a body, and offer it up for tbe repose of the Archbishop's soul. His Eminence and the Bishop of Ballarat and coadjutor- Bishop of Sandhurst are greatly imssed with the importance of the sodality, and the good work it is capable of doing.—Communicated. THE LATE ARCHBISHOP'S SUCCESSOR. In conformity with the instructions of the Very Rev. the Administrator, the enlightenment of the Holy Ghost in the appointment of a successor to the late Archbishop was implored in several of the churches of the city and suburbs on Sunday last. The form of prayer used was the Litany of the Blessed Virgin, which was recited after Mass, and the devotion will be continued till the appointment bas been made by the Holy Father. CATHOLIC SOCIETIES. A meeting of the Victorian Catholic Young Men's Societies' Union was held in St. George's Hall, Carlton, on the 18th inst. There was a good attendance of councillors. Mr. J. J. M'Cartby, C.P., who presided, referred in feeling terms to the death of the Archbishop, and, having alluded to tbe great interest taken in the Catholic Young Men's Societies by the lamented prelate, reported that the obsequies were attended by a large number of tbe members of the Catholio Young Men's Societies of Melbourne, its suburbs, and Geelong. A resolution, lamenting the death of the Archbishop, and bearing testimony to the veneratiou in which he was held by the Catholic young men of Victoria as their beloved Father in Religion, and the patron of the Victorian Catholic Young Men's Societies' Union, was proposed by Or. M. P. Jageurs (St. Patrick's), seconded by Cr. B. M'Mahon (Melbourne), and carried unanimously. On behalf of tbe benevolent committee of the old Victorian Catholic Young Men's Society, Cr. Jageurs offered the services of that body to the council, and explained that the hospitals were visited every Sunday, that over 200 papers were received each week for distribution among the patients of the hospitals and other charitable institutions, and that many poor families were, from time to time, assisted either by food, work, money, or clothing. The offer was thankfully received. It having been decided to hold the first annual public meeting in August, tbe meeting adjourned till Friday, 25th inst. The seoond half-yearly meeting of the St. John Baptist's (Clifton Hill) Christian Doctrine Society was held on last Sunday ; the Rev. M. P. Carroll presiding. Miss Davoren was elected to membership. The secretary reported that the society, financially and otherwise, was progressing very satisfactorily, and at his request the reading of the half-yearly report WBB deferred till the next meeting. The balance-sheet showed the receipts from all sources to have been £33 5s. 8d., and, after paying all debts, a credit balance of £4 6s. lid. The election of office-bearers resulted in the re-election of the following :—Spiritual director, Rev. M. P. Carroll ; president, Mr. R. M'Kernan ; vice-presidents, MiBS M. M'Kernan and Mr. J. Sheehy; hon. secretary, Mr. C. W. Smithwick; treasurer, Mr. W. P. Ditchburn. The newly- flectccl officers bavin,?: returned thaDks, a vote of thaDks was passed to the esteemed spiritual director for the assistance, monetary and otherwise, rendered by him to tbe society during the past term. Tbe meeting then terminated with prayer. It is satisfactory to note that six more nominations for membership were received at (be last meeting of the St. Patrick's Catholic Youug Men's Society. The following nominations for the halfyearly elections 'were received, viz,:— President, Messrs. J. T. Delaney, J. Hood,and M.P. Jageurs; vice-presidents (2), Messrs. D. J. Dunne, T. P. Deegan, J. Hood, and G. O'Sullivan ; treasurer, Mr. T. B. Davis; warden, Messrs. D. Tobin and J. Horan; editor of "Magazine," Mr. J. Hood; committee, Messrs. G. Culshaw, J. Conry, J. T. Delaney, T. P. Deegan, D. Ddly, D. J. Dunne, J. F. Daly, J. Horan, M. P. Jageurs, R, M'Kernan, J. C. Nolan, J. Smith, and J. Summers. Dr. A. C. Brownless and Mr. W. H. Archer have kindly consented to deliver lectures during the ensuing quarter. In connection with the SS. Peter and Paul's Catholic Young M«n's Society the fifth of a series of lectures was delivered on Monday evening by the Hon. John Gavan Duffy, tho subject being " A Summer Holiday in New Zealand." Tbe attendance was good, and the president was in the chair. The Very Rev. Dean O'Driscoll, the Rev. Dr. Graber, Mr. James Clarke, and Mr. Nicholson were on the platform. The lecturer gave a most amusing and instructive account of New Zealand, including a description of its grand mountain and lake scenery. He also referred to the lovely white terrace which HAB been destroyed in the recent volcanic eruptions. Ou tbe motion of Mr. Clarke, seconded by Dr. Graber, a vote of thanks to the lecturer was carried unanimously. Messrs. Morrison, Nichol- son, and Russell were admitted members of the society, and eight nominations for membership were received. (From our own Correspondent.) A special general meeting of St. Patrick's Society was held on the evening of Tuesday creek, in St. Mary's School, for the purpose of electing a medical officer for the Society. Mr. J. Kerley (president) occupied the chair, and there were nearly one hundred members present. Three medical gentlemen tendered their professional services. A ballot being taken, Dr. Croker was elected by a very large majority. On the motion of Mr. T. Shannon, Messrs. P. Healey and M. Hassett were appointed auditors for the ensuing half-year, after which the meeting terminated with expressions of general satisfaction at the result. In accordance with the instructions of the Very Rev. Dr. Fitzpatrick, the Litany of the Blessed Virgin was recited after each Mass, on Sunday last, to implore tbe direction and guidance of Almighty God in the election of a new Archbishop. Mr. P. Preston, of Little River, who a few weeks ago sent a cheque for £100 to the new Presbytery Fund, last week sent £5 as a contribution towards the House of Mercy, which is in course of erection under the direction of the Sisters of Mercy. There was a fair attendance of members at laBt Friday night's meeting of the Geelong Catholic Young Men's Literary Association, Mr. P. J. Wallace in the chair. One nomination for membership was received. It was decided to give an entertainment to the inmates of the Benevolent Asylum, and the arrangements were left in the hands of the committee. 