CAMIOLA: A GIRL WITH A FORTUNE. By justin McCarthy, Author of "Miss Misanthrope," "Maid of Athens," &c.; [Published by special arrangement with the author All rights reserved.] Chapter XL VIII.—"I Can Die Alone." When Walter got out of the grounds he wandered, dragged himself along with slow, uncertain, unsteady steps in the direction of the old church. He had no purpose of any kind; he was not thinking of going to the church until he saw himself actually near it, and its spire came between him and the clear starry sky. Then he saw, too, that a faint light shone from one of the windows. There was something unnatural and mysterious, some thing that hinted of spectral presences and in fluences in that faint light coming from the church windows at that unwonted hour. He took out his watch, and was able by holding it close to his eyes to make out that it wanted but a few minutes of eleven o'clock. He would go into the church, he thought; in his present mood the sight of anything beyond the common and the natural would be welcome to him. It seemed to him that it would be well if he could go into the gallery on the left as on a enters the church, the gallery on the wall of which is the monument to the great man who he was still pleased to regard as the historic chief oE his house. He thought he should like to lie beneath that monument and die there. He got over the wall and into the church yard. The sound of the river flowing beneath came with a melancholy cadence into the thoughts of the ruined young man. One of the doors of the church was open, and Walter went in. There was no ghost to be seen there; nor ghost nor living creature ; yet a light was burning, and in the gallery which he meant to reach. That one light, a jet of gas, half turned on, made the darkness.of the other places seem unearthly and appalling; one would naturally long to get within the shelter and protection of that one ray of light. Walter crept with the softest tread up to the gallery and stood alone beneath the historic monument. This egotistic dreamer of sick dreams fancied himself for the moment some ruined scion of an illustrious house who comes to die beneath the trophy of his greatest ancestor. Thus far he was alone in the church. He did not now trouble himself to think about the reason for the light burning and the open door. The reason was very simple. There was some work of cleaning which had to be done that night, and which had to be put ofi until then; it concerned the gallery with the monument, and the old woman who kept the keys and lived in a cottage near was up and doing and superintending the business. She and her girl-assistant had merely gone back to her cottage for a moment to gladden and strengthen themselves with a good cup of tea, and naturally left the light burning and the door open not thinking of the slightest possi bility of any sane Fitzursemite or other per sonage caring to go in. Walter was alone. He leaned his back against the railing of the gallery, and was gazing upwards at the marble effigy and inscription on the wall. Once he glanced casually over his shoulder at the pave ment of the church beneath—a pavement much made up of the flat tombstones of the dead—and he thought how horrible it would be if he were to fall over and come crash on the pavement and be killed in that hideous way. He drew away from the railing and nearer to the wall with the historic marble to which his eyes were upturned. Suddenly he heard the sound of a quick footfall on the gravel of the churchyard. Some watcher or workman coming back, he thought; and he roused himself from his dreamings and returned into reality. It would be ridiculous to be found there; and yet if any one came in he must disclose himself or run the chance of being left behind and locked up in the church for the night. The sound ceased ; but Walter felt sure there was some one in the church ; inside the door—below. Then the footfall was heard again. The man—it certainly was a man—was coming in, was coming towards that very gallery, was ascending the stairs. What matter? Walter was doing no harm, and could easily explain that he had come in out of mere curiosity, seeing the light. At the footof the stairsleadingupto thegallery thenew comer suddenly stopped, and Walter heard him lock and bolt the door behind him. He then, and this new comer were locked and bolted in together in this-gallery; the locked door on one side, the depth from the gallery to the stone floor beneath on the other. What did it matter? The man would unlock the door and let him out; and yet it felt appalling somehow j and now the man came rushing up thestairs, and Walter drew away to the further end of the gallery, and set his back against the wall, like one who is prepared to defend nim self. In another second Christian Pilgrim came tearing along the gallery towards him with eyes sending out a light like that of the corpse-candle that bnrns pale on the sea washed rocks, and he clutched Walter in his strong, fierce arms, and gave a wild laugh of triumph. "Come," he cried; "I have found you at last! I told you I would kill you, and I'll kill you now ! No one can get to us here; we are locked in. Come!" He was dragging the wretched young man to the railing of the gallery, evidently deter mined to fling him over, down upon the pave ment, In another moment Walter would have to die the very death the bare thought of which had just set all his nerves in quivering, shuddering motion. He struggled with all the passionate energy of youth and despair ; but he was struggling with a man of far greater physical strength, a man now, as he felt sure, possessed by the demon of insanity. Walter gave vent to his feelings in a shriek of agony ; a cry for help where he believed that help there conld be none. "You fool," Pilgrim said, with a terrible laugh; " if you have to fight for your life you oughtn't to waste your breath. I don't care; I want to die. Come with me." At that moment step^ were heard as of one rushing into the church; then a beat ing and clanging at the gallery door. Walter cried out again. Pilgrim laughed in a low chuckling tone. "Too late now," he said between his teeth; the words went into Walter's very ear; "they can't get at us here. He redoubled his effort to drag Walter away, but the moment's interruption had caused him to relax his grip a little, and Walter was now clinging with both hands to the projecting marble which symbolised the shield of his supposed ancestor. The struggle began all over again with the most savage energy. Pilgrim now knew that he had no time to lose. Some one run into the church beneath and gazed up and tried to pierce the gloom and see what was going on. The struggling forms were almost directly between him and the light, and he took in the whole situation in a moment. One quick glance all around told him what he must try to do; the only thing there was to do. Beneath the railings of the gallery and not far inside it, although far below it, stood the pulpit. The pulpit was almost directly in front of one of the pillars, narrow wooden pillars they were, which supported the gallery. Above the pillars came the gallery ; that is to say the pillars did not rise outside the rails, but ceased where the rails began. Still if a man could reach from the pulpit to the pillar, and could shin up the pillar, he might by a sudden and venturous effort suc ceed in flinging himself out so as to catch at one of the rails, With one each grasp the rest would be easy work. In much less than the time it has taken to put this into writing the man had sprung into the pulpit, leaped like a cat from the pulpit to the pillar, climbed up the pillar hand over hand, then with a desperate spring and clutch upwards had suc ceeded in getting hold of one of the rails, and in another second was with the two fighting creatures in the gallery. Walter was breaking into a cry of relief when his eyes, dazed and startled as they were, could see that his sup posed rescuer was Joseph the Albanian, and then he remembered his dream, and believed that Joseph, too, had come as his enemy, and he thought that all was over, and closed his eyes and gave up the struggle. Pilgrim had succeeded in dragging Walter away from his grasp of the monument, and was backing towards the edge of the railings with, his wretched prisoner in his gripe. Ro mont promptly thrust himself between the two struggling men and the rails, and he caught Walter round the waist. His own back was squeezed hard against the rails. Even in this moment the sort of good-humored coolness which was his characteristic did not desert him. " If only this railing holds," he thought, " we shall do well enough." But he already felt the rails bending and creaking ; they would never hold out long. " Pilgrim, my good fellow," he asked in a low quiet tone, for he assumed he had to deal with a madmaD, " don't you see that you will have us all over and down on the pavement in another second? Good heavens, Eitzurse, have you no strength at all; can't you help yourself one little bit ?" Walter was hopeless. The voice of Romont Bpeaking as it seemed to him out of the lip3 of Albanian Joseph was too much for him. His head swam round, his limbs relaxed; he fainted in Romont's arms and hung down limp as a dead body. Pilgrim was still holding his grip, but he was no longer crushing against the rails. He had sense enough still to understand Romont's words and to keep from injuring him. His strength was terrible, but Romont braced himself up for one last effort, and literally tore the swooning body free of Pilgrim's clutch. At the time Romont did not fully understand Pilgrim's purpose. He believed that Pilgrim only meant to kill Eitzurse. Afterwards it dawned on him, and by degrees became clear, that Pilgrim meant to: die with his victim. Now, when he had torn Eitzurse free, Romont made no attempt to restrain Pilgrim. He had no time; he did not think of it; he could not have done it if he had to care for Eitzurse. He was stretching Eitzurse on the floor, and meant then to appeal to Pilgrim, and try to calm him and get to know what it was all about. Pilgrim gave him no chance. With a wild cry, "Keep him, then, if you will keep him— I can die alone!" he flung himself heavily against the frail railings. . Some of them gave way; there was a plunge forward; Romont heard another cry, this time inarticulate, and then a crash on the pavement below, followed by such a succession of echoes that one might have thought for the moment all earth's caverns were in succession breaking into tumultuous applause over the deed which had just been done. The dust flew in clouds, the rats were heard to scamper affrighted among stools and seats, some dog in a barge on the river answered to the noise in the church with a prolonged howl, which might have seemed the death-wail over the man who lay killed on the pavement. 