THE PE-ERYBIMGLE I have often read of the morbid cariosity of the idlers who orowd roan i the soeae of some tragedy ; bat I was under the impression that the knot that congregated in saoh cases consisted of ever-changing units, who just stopped for a moment oat of cariosity and passed on. I had a recent experience, however, that this is not alwaye the ea?e. The day after the shocking murder and suicide at the oyster saloon in Elisabeth street, I was passing along that thoroughfare, and saw half-a-dczen men sitting on the " street- repairing materials " in front of the oystsr- shop. They were gazing fixedly at the closed shutters. About lunch time I passed again, and these same men were still sitting on the plank Once again in (he afternoon I passed on my way homeward, and still that half-s. dozen idlers were there with their gaze riveted on the shutters, Why thsy remained there is a mystery. They could bardly have expected the ghosts of the unfortunate woman and her murderer to issue through the dosed shutters, for ghosts are populary believed to walk only at eight. Yet they sat there all day, expecting to see nothi g — in fact, knowing that they coaid see nothing. Since then I know what is meant by morbid enrio8ity, although T cannot understand that mysterious fascination which causes people to gazs for hours upon the outside of a building where some deed of blood was done. Advertisements in newspapers appear at times in very onrious forms, thanks, I suppose, to the carelessness of a workman entrusted with the making-np of the page. The following notification from the London Lancet reads very strangely A eminently rettorative miuerl Water. Contains chlorije of soda, Mcarbou t#s. asen>o (23 i'iijr. of mar eoite of anda per li re). Half » glass t j three glasses per day. regenerator for weakly children ; general debility, lymph atism, sffecti »na of the skin audi respir+torv organ, diabetes, rheumatism, and intermittent fevers. Mountainous country; very varied excursions; evangelical and Anglican Divine service r.n buotGye Si; Id by — 1 on-. on ; Oaliais and i_'o, Ingram and Royle, Henry Best and S-jns ; Liverpool aud Bristol : Ingram and Boyie. The statement that " evangelical and anglioan divine service on Sundaya" was sold by various firms of patent- medicine vendors sounds terribly shocking to one's sense of the proprieties, but the explanation probably is that the two lines concerning 44 mountainous country " and " divine service" belonged to some health-resort advertisement, and accidentally got mixed-up, like the babieB in 11 Pinafore.'' A man may have too much of a goo--? thing even of the rowing championship of tbe world, I should fancy. Poor William Beach is finding this out in London, for bis severa contests have knocked him up. Should there not be some limit to the number of 44 big matches " which a champion should row in a given time ? Beach is unquestionably the best man now on tbe water ; but if he has to go on rowing man after man, without the opportunity of taking a spell and going into fresh training, there is not a doubt of his being beaten, and by a man who would have no show with him did the contestants meet on perfectly fair terms. Fancy a man having to meet all earners in a contest of strength, " one down, the other come on !"' Why, a Here ales would in the end, when exhausted by his previous contests, fall an easy victim to a pigmy. One of the happiest men to be fonnd with in this serious world of csre and sorrowl met last Saturday, He was as supremely happy as a bridegroom on his wedding-day, Ha glowed with pleasure "f aa h:< Sold me bat ! : /" 1? fee had. in receiving v a sovereign, taken' a counterfeit -vlATimg. " But I don't see," said L 1 that yea have any particular causa for pleasurr; in having had a bad coin pasted off on you/' " Don't you ?" replied he, pityingly ; 44 but I do. You see, 1 hsve just taken to afiiateur1' analytical chemistry. I have tested the milk and tbe bread left at my house, bat I regret to say that my dairyman and baker are too honest. Now, however, I hva a ep leaded chance of a bona-fide qualitative and quanti tative analysis in finding out tho materials and their proportions in this counterfeit." And proud as a young mother of her first babe, he rushed off to Rocke, Tompsitt's to give them a large oruer for a supply of test- tabes, beakers, flasks, acid a, aod etceteras. They say that a bashmau will walk two miles to catch a horse in order to go a journey of one. The dweller in tha City has somewhat of this mania at times. I know an always- busy man who is so firmly convinced that he cannot go anywhere In a harry without ridicgfch&t; he will walk nearly a mile to fiad a cab for she purpose of being driven one half that distance. JOHN PEERYBINGLE. 