\--o,,-~-;;--~ FOR THE LITTLE FOLKS. nor going to tell you a ghost story-a tine ghost s, ory, mind. I shall roll it what the country foe5 called tile place where it all happeoed, "TIIE MAUNTED N MiANOn HlOUSE." It was a big old neglected mansion in a midlaud couaty. Nobody would live in it. Asl old miserly squire used to dwell there wihen your grandad was quite a boy, but ie was such a had lan that no one cured to have anything to do withll him, and at last lie ,grew quite an old hermit, and barred all hIis doors and swindows up, and only looked out onlce a day to ihurriedly taike in food, payment for which and orders for sahe Iss would lay on tile doorstep on a scrap of paper without speaking, and often without being seen. Thei old squire was very miserable, and ino one seemed to piity hIim. IIe had turned hIis only dauglster out of doomrs yulrs before for marrying against hIis wishes, and soon llis wife died. From this timclle wasneverhappy aigain. He used to pass his long days and nigsts toying over hIis hoards of gold, and looldkig at old letters and kespsdtes tlist, wretclled as lie was, Ihe yet prized. Tlucre was one pearl necklace that lhad been hIis AsIy's. He had given it her. And wllhen, one wild winter niglst, lie thrust lher out of hIis house, in hIis inger lie tore tihe trinket from her neck, and broke it. 'Thle bIroken necklace hlie used to take out of hIis oak chest, and look 5at, and cry over, and wish hIis girl were back again. If that could only be, bad as lie was, ls felt lie would try to be better, iand behlave kindly to her again. But one day, whllen lie lhad grown very old, a letter came. from America telling lhim how she had lost her hIusband, and after hIaving herself been ill a long time, died in want and suffering. He grew harder and colder after that, and scarcely ever spoke again. In a few mnoetlls, whien tile nman from tile grocer's called one morning, lie found thle parcel Ihe had left two days before still untouclled on tile doorstep. hI iand tile villige policemai broke in, and the old miser was fouLndlying deaid on ithe floor in his room, the broken necklace tightly held in lis hand. He ]ad knocked it by accident from the old table, and in reachling out to pick it up stumbled and fell forward brleakling Isis neck. One bead had been broken from the string in thle fall, and this wias never found again. It must have rolled on, and fallen through a crack in thle floor. Tile village picople always said his ghost used to come backle from Isis igrave in tile clhurchyard at misdnight to search for the lost bead, and thie house soon got a bad name. No one claimed it, and it went all to ruin and wreck. Owls used to go Iooting about inside it, and bats flow out at dusk, anud all tile broken windows were covered with cobwebs. Sometimes gipsies or tramps would go in and stop thie night for shelter, but this only made thie "Haunted iManor House" mnore feared and shuned by the countryfolk. Early one very dark morning, two boys \--Bob and Harry-were going past to tile next village. It was raining and blowing, and there were no stalrs nor moon to be seen ill the sky. They were very munch afraid, asd were Isrryinig along tile foot. path whichl passed through tile manor grounds, when a great dog from the farm near came running towards them, barking and snapping. To escape from the savage asimal, whlichl they feared was mad, tllhey lad to take tile direction of tile manor parlour-window, and climb an old elm tree till the dog went iaway. They could see into tile ruined roomls; and whlet was their Ihorror, soos after thle fierce slleep-dog haid tiliaken off, to catch a glimpse of an old white-llaired, hlollow checked man, groping about tle pairlour floor on his knees,lholding in Ihis hland aglo\sing brand of lalf-biurnt stick, whlich just showedhis glostly-lookilg face whesn it was turned towards thelboys. Tlesn tlhecy were i i a dreadful shtate of fear, for 0now they hald seesi thei ghost, and tlhey felt sure lie would fied aInd lira them. They slipped quietly down tile tree, isand crept softly along back to tie patll, wienI tllhey were ging to rml for life. But at thle slile ly rise high ric:I there was standing, whcn tlhey reached the i:eet, hie1 same dreadful person tllhey lied only jls-t lbefore si--i in tle lamlted house. A light hlie Ichl before Isis fco showed it quite pliinly. He had gone out ait the sile door and through the sllrubbery. ilob ianid Larry both niow nearly dropped to the gound i tllcheir fear. The ghost beard tshem, and extingsushhilg tlhe light went towards tlem. They dared ilot to miove, dread seeming to fix their feet to the foot. path. But when the ghost only asked them lthie way to tle •nearest town, thelcir fears begaiL to give way, and soon left them. Tile iman wds oely a poor old half-starved tramp, ani d hie had been pais;- ing tie night in the dcserted Manlor IHousc. lie had made a fire on tile Iheartll of a few stices, ald, going away, se found hlie had lost Iris Lobacco-hisx, whlich Ie was searchling for on tile floor by tihle light from a half-burnt brand, wellen tile lads were so lnllch alarmed. So tlie ghost, you see, thlough nlyi story is quite true, was not ai real ghost after all; and all tihe stories about this "Haunted House," or aniJ otlher ?n called Ihaunted house for that matter,, aoe just s? gromsdless wihen well looked into. Nowfor a little pieceof poetry all about bahly. It was written by a lady,namcd i ilrs.Denison. I think it pretty, as was the dear little thing whichl it is all about, for it is called snETTIEST nony. Dainty carriage, lined witi down, Prettiest carriage in tlhe town, Wait, little darlings, wait a minute, You and Iwill see wllat's in it.. Oh, thle wonderful vision there I Saw you ever such golden hair? Saw you ever such lholy eyes ? i Half of tihe sunshlinec, half of tie skies? Sonme sweet motler Ias kissed thieir blue, : Gazed their mirror depths through and througli, Parted the curls with a saint-like touch, Thinking that never before were such. Oh, some father Ihas clasped the form, Round and clubby, so wlite and warms, Breathed tile passionate vows of love, Over thie sleep of thie Iousehold dove. Warm wraps cover tle dainty feet, ' Far too pure for tihe toiling street. Oh, sweet lips, shall an angel there Open tile portals of heaven with prayer? .':. Dainty carriage, lined with down I But daintier silo in lier snow-wihite gown; Prettiest carriage on thle street !. And prettiest baby one could meet. I suavE a little story to tell which is rather funny. It Is about THE 6CIIOOLtiAbTERS' P1OMISE. ".Boys," said an old schoolmuaster, smiling one day, "I am going to bargain with you for good behaviour. Idesire that you will behave yourselves with order for one whole week, and I will promise to ashow you a curiosity--what no man over saiw-and, having shown it to you, what no man will ever see again." An asxious weekl followed-a weekl of curiosity and puzzled guessesc. Out of school it was all the talk l" What could. it be?" Another and anothler day until at last Saturday dawned uipon the expeetant schloolboys' hearts. Nine o'clockl came; every lad was at his post; books and slates all in readinesa; every task committed to memory. "Tinkle, tinklo !" sounded thie bell, and at last tie msster entered, seated hiliself, then. raised the lid of hIis desk, and drew the wonderful thing forth, put on his spectacles, ansd said: "Boys, tile hIour Ilos at lengthl arrived. BIehold in my up raised handsa single filbert nut. In tlis filbert is a kernel." Ceremoniously brelkingr thie shll, and cx posingi thie tiny thiing to view, lie continued: "This no mlaun ever saw;" tlihen openilig his mouth, ilo swallowed it. "Boys!" exclaimed lie, witll great emphasis, " boys, you will nevcr-I shall nevcr--sno mns will ever see tlat kernel again. To your lessons, every one of you." lThat is thel story. I think the master wos a very unkind one, to raise the expectatioas of his scllolars so, and then only disappoint tshem. Donit you think lie was? UNsrsE t'ILLIAMi. "I THINK, my dear," said MrSs. Brodyn t;i her weighty half, " that I will esort Olara to theo ball this ovening. Everybody will ray, 'How like she is to her mother at her ago!'" " Yes," replied her hmsband, " but it is not imnomiblks thathey may oay, 'Bee how she will look wlhon sho is of her mothor's 0110!'" JMIsse had been doing somothing whichbo her mamma had told her bos mustn't do. She had been esting currants, and, of courseo; got her mouth all stainmed; that's the way she was found out, Her mamma said, "You know you are forbidden to eat ourr~ntis" "But, mamma, Satan tempted me."' "Why didn't you say, 'Get thee behind me, Satan?"' ' "I did oay, ' Get thee behind us', Satan;' and he went and got behind me, and pushed me right into the currant buaboes!" A WILL-N?OWNN playwright was objeoting to certain changes that a manager declarod necessary m one of his pieces. "You must admit," said the author, "that I understand my business." "I think also that I iundorstand mine," returned the manager. "Perait now to say that I know better than anybody Eco hosw iny owni work should be laosogedd," said the author. " My dear sir, os that theory a father to do his behst for his child would never need a dotore," rejoined the mansager, 