THE SON OF HIS FATHER. BY MKS. 0LIPHAN1, Author of the "Chronicles of Carlingford,' "Oliver's Bride," "Madam," Ac. [The Eight ot Translation is Besetted. 1 CHAPTER XX. LONDON. He had eaten, for he was hungry, and ham and bread and batter are not to De despised when nothing better ia to be had. Even, which was curious to his state of mind, he had eaten largely, putting up betore him the railway-book which he had not read on bis journey, and going on unconsciously with hiB vigorous youthful appetite. This, the first act of his solitude, was by no means so dis agreeable, sb he had proved. It increased his personal comfort, for he had eaten scaroely anything all day, and the increase of his personal comfort annihilated everything. When he bad finished he carried one of his candies to a small table near the window, and sat down there and read on, finishing his book, which had interested him. When he had closed it and laid it on the table, the realization of all the inconstanoy which re turned to his mind was not so heavy as the first time. His heart began to spring np again after being crushed under the foot of fate. It began to throb and tingle with the thonght that he was in London, on ths border of everything that was most living acd desirable. The little fornu of interest of bis story increased the effect by soothing away his personal misery. And now, as he Eat in the little, silent room, something came to him whioh he had been conscious' of all along, without knowing what it was, sound continuous, like the far-off sound of the sea or of the wind, but subdued, as though the storm w&a; far off — a sound which, now that he was far from the claims upon bis mind of bis lowered bodily condition, became more and more apparent, filling tbe air with an uninter rupted murmur. What was it? He sat up and listened, and tben with an excitement which made his heart jump, he recognised what it was. It was London! had he not read in many a book of that great low volume of sound, which some people de scribed as the sound of many waters, and some as the distant roar oi a tempest It was soft here in the little hermitage amid the strange solitude and silence, but rolled and murmured continuous, never ending. He perceived, now that he had noticed it, from tbe first moment, that all along he had wondered when it would stop, vaguely dis quieted by it without knowing what it was; and now he knew that it would never stop, that it was the breath of the (great multitude, the hum of their endless going on and on, John sat and listened to it till it went to his head, exciting him like wine. He conld not rest. The contrast of this little prison chamber in which he sat, and all that was implied in that low, continuous roar and bum of men, stirred Mb imagination more and more. He got np and opened the window, and looked out. Opposite to him was the great mass of building dark agahwt the sky, which seemed to oppress and stifle the neighbourhood, Itaking J away the air, but outside of that, away acrosB the river, where the world was, the hum, the roar, tne continuous roll of sonnd came stronger and stronger. It called upon j the young soul whioh.stood, and throbbed, and listened. He had the habits of his youth and innocenoe strong upon him—a sort of |unspoken sense of duty that re strained him and kept him from following his own impulses. It was not till some time had elapsed that be began to think it possible to obey that call—to go out and 'see what it was that gave forth that mighty voice. When the thought entered his mind it filled all bis veins with excitement. Should he go ? Why shouidn t he got The word had been said to him to bind him to remain where he was. It was not to waste day and night shut up in a dreary little room that he had come | to London. He looked round upon the blank grey walls, and found their bondage in tolerable, It was like a box in which he | was shut up. His brain and his veins seemed to be swelling, bursting with I life that must have an outlet somehow, j Ho, certainly, he could not stay there. He must have air and room to breathe; he must j see for himBelf what was meant by London. But John, even in his excitement, was pru dent. He pnt away his watch—which was not tbe one Mrs. Egerton had given him, but the old dear silver one, the one that had no value at all and yet so great a value, fie was aware that in London the natural thing was to rob a countryman, to take his watoh from him. He would not expose his treasure to such a risk; but when he had laid that away he felt with confidence that there was nothing else to lose. They might hustle or knock him down' if they oould, bnt there was nothing else they could do to him. Nevertheless, it was with something of that warlike exhilara tion, with whioh a struggle is foreseen at his age, that John bnttoned his coat and took hiB ] bat. He felt that " they" (though he had j not the least notion who they might be) would not have an easy bargain of him. He went out withont even being remarked. No "Where are yon going T" "When will you come back ?" to impede his liberty. That fact also went to bis heart a little. He had felt his loneliness very forlorn—now he felt it exciting^ exhilarating. He set bis hat firmly on his head, and drew a long breath when he felt the fresh air of the night, so different from that of any parlour, encircle [ him with its coolness and vastneBB. That, too, has an intoxication in it which every thing that is yonng acknowledges. The air may be sober in tbe morning—it is like wine . at night. The darkness has a mystery, a magic in it—tbe lights twinkling through it— the world made into something ideal, in which wonders and miracles are. John stood still for a moment at the door, realizing that he was there, tbat he was unshackled—his J own master—and tben, drawn by tbe quiet voice that called and called him, he turned his face towards the distant blazing of the lights, and set out—to discover that new j world. To discover London ! how many do it every day, with hearts beating high, with hopes immeasureable, which so often col lapse and oome to nothing, or mean nothing; but this is not the time for moralizing. John , set out. His way began in the darkness of this little street, with its little houses, faced ' by the quiet sombre shadow of tbe hospital, which shnt out the air from it and the sky. He plunged into the darkness st first, making his way betweenTrows of insignificant build- 1 ings, with a feeble light here and there flashing its faint illumination, and then with a great sweep of freBh air serving him, came out upon the bridge. The sky was fall of 'the charms of spring, though there was no I moon. The river flowed dark and silent I below, faintly visible further up the stream in pale streaks oi reflection comes, which | would rise a dark and ghostly shadow of something floating, a barge, a heavy blackness ' in the middle of the faint light, bnt lamps blazing overhead, the glare of gas, and then and there the chill contradictory artificial wave of the electric light "swearing1' horribly, as tbe French say, with all tne yellow lamps around. The murmur of sound grew and grew as the bo; went on; it was with a rythmic roar &b; of waves beating against a shore, or the rush of a prodigious waterfall, a great'moral Niagara, bigger than any physical falls, however gigantic. It was made up_ of the sounds of carriages of every description, of voices, the hum of the crowd constantly broken by some shrill interrup tion of a cry or shout, whioh gave emphasis : to the grand continual unfailing current of sound. He harried along, quickening his pace, led by it as if it had keen a syren's song, On the other Bide of the river a great noble mass of walls and towers rose against tbe night. He gnessed what it was. and his heart beat high. Then suddenly he was over—he was in it, in the very crowd itself, among the thunder of the carriages, the perpetual movement of the passengers, the very heart of London, he thought—even in awe, holding his breath— of the world. Was that Parliament! He got as near as he could and watched the carriages, the _ heads appearing at the windows, men in whose hands was the fate of the world. John felt as if he had some 1 hand in it all as he watohed them dashing up . to the doorway, sometimes cheered with a i merry fire of remark volleying about from the voices of the crowd. It was all so unuGual that he oould scarcely make out at first what tbe people said about him, and when he understood the words he did not understand the allusions, not knowing who tbe members were or anything but that they were members, and therefore surrounded i with a halo of wonder and interest. Pre sently one oi the men standing near began to perceive his ignorance and curiosity | and to offer explanations. Bat John was pot so simple as that, lie said to himself. He knew that the danger of London was to listen to people who expressed themselves benevolently towards you, and wanted to give you information. He with drew accordingly from that spot, and by and by. feeling that there were still other worlds beyond, left this scene of overwhelming interest altogether, promising himself that he would look up all the printB in the shop windows, and so learn to identify the members himBelf. That dark shadow to his right band was that of the Abbejr. He held his breath with awe, but he was in no mood for the silence and darknesB. He followed the roar and crash of the crowd through a dark, hard, vacant Btreet or two nntil he emerged into another kind of blaze and din, j into the tumnlt and bostle and noiBe and commotion of the Strand. Here the shops, the lights, the wild confusion of traffic, the hearse ones, the flare and glare and riot, the wild medley of life, the wretched figures in squalid gronps, the gentle men passing with dress-coats under their overcoats, the ragged and shouting vendors of the newspapers, the crowds rnsh ing to the theatres, the other crowds that hnng npon their steps and importuned them with unnecessary services, ended in turning altogether John's young and unaccustomed brain. He was buBtled by the ceaseless stream of people rushing past him in both ways, coming and going, and after awhile felt himself like a straw upon a river, carried along withont knowing where he was going, tossed into a corner, seized again by the stream, swept away breathless, with a strange pleasure ana wonder and disgust and incom prehension, He was doing nothing but gazing, looking on wondering where they were all going, what they all meant, what need there was to harry so, to shout so, and yet he felt as if he too wob living as he never before had lived all his life, Strange delnsion; an older man perhaps wonld have concluded that here was no real life at all, but only a fantastic, half-conscious dream. Half the people electing along were doing it by no will of their own, but only j because of the treadmill action of habit, which made them fancy this way of spending the evening, thenatnral thing to do—and that to go somewhere, to do something, as they said; that is, to frequent noisy places in which the depth of duilnesB was tonched, yet j where rampant folly extracted a strained laugh—or to bustle out and in of swinging doors, and exchange jests at bars, and rah shoulders with crowds, coming and going was life. It was life indeed to the poor hangers-on awideof pence or sixpences, to the poor hawkers of miserable merchandises to the servants of the crowd. To them it was fatigue, cold, disappointment, weary wait ing, miserable snatches at recompense, eager greed, and accumulation and gam; { hard, perhaps, to poor little children in sqnalid rooms, sometimes stout or whiBky at the street corners—at all events, a mad yet horrible existence, the only one of which they were conscious or capable. The more wretched in each scenes have the advantage of the two. The newspaper boy, the girl with her poor basket of faded flowers, the hundred other rascals of the crowd, are real in their poor work and competition. It is their masters, the lords of creation, who are the ghostB. John, driven hither and thither by the currents of passengers, happily was as nnaware bb a woman of the darker and more horrible dangers of Hie streets. No squalid grim smile for him ; he did not understand that more possible depth. Bat the confusion and the noise, and the strange contrast of pleasure and wretchedness, the carriages passing, with pretty glimpses of white figures bound for the theatres, the groups of the ragged and miserable on the pavement, the whole resounding, conflicting, moving world, gave him a sort of intoxication, so that he scarcely knew what he was about or where he was. He had got in front of one of the theatres I in the midst of a crowd more noisy than | usual, the pavement encumbered—poor and squalid spectacle—with men shrieking their wares to Bell, and pushing bookB of words into the carriage windows, the confusion of j cabs and carriages greater than ever, when John was suddenly roused out of all thiB phantasmagoria to something real. As he stood gazing his eyes suddenly fell upon a group at the entrance of the theatre, a man j with a tall, shiny hat, and coat buttoned up to Mb throat, with a woman, somewhat fan tastically but poorly dreBsed, on hiB arm. They were standing to see the people get out j of their carriages with looks somewhat I wistful, as if half curious of the pleasure they were bent on. The man, who was tall, inspected the ladies with a smile half patro nising, half satirical. But the wife looked patheticallyt wistfully, with an envy which was not bitter, nor bore any trace of J unkindneBB. They were standing close ' together, rapt in that sight. At the woman's feet was a child, holding fiBt by her skirts. While the parents gazed something caught the eye of the little girl, a flower which somebody had dropped out of the window of her carriage. The little thing made one spring, while the absorbed attention of her parents was fixed npon the playgoers, and secured the prize out of the mud of the etreet, but not before the prancing horse of a hansom, drawn back suddenly on its hauncheB, was dashing its hoofs into the air over her ] head. There was a universal shriek and commotion, in the midst of whioh the mother put down her hand instinctively bat tran- < quilly to grasp the child. Then, finding it absent, she gave a wild cry, and turned round with armB wildly waving, facing the crowd. John took no time to think. He was the nearest, or thought himself eo, and he was pushed forward by the shrieking crowd. He flnng himself on the child, caught it, tossed it back to some one—he could not tell whom—but fell forward with the impetus. He felt a sharp touch on his head like a knife, and then no mors till he came to himself with the sensation of a crowd round him and of cool applications applied to his head, which seemed to grow under the hands of some _ one who was leaning over him. "It will be nothing; it will be nothing," he heard some - one say; and then " A wonderful escapeI " It might have killed him," in different j tones. It seemed to John at first to have , been bnt another soene in that bewildering phantasmagoria through which he had been I walking. When he opened his eyes be fonnd that he wob in an apothecary's shop, whioh wsb orowded with people, forms everywhere filling np the window outside piled npon one another. Close to him stood a man in the tall and very shiny hat. John caught in it the reflection of the great bine and red bottles In the window, and bnrst into a feeble laugh, "Gently, gently, you're all right, bnt there's nothing to laugh about," some one said. "Where am I?" said John, still fascinated by the reflection. " My dear young gentleman, yon have done a heroic action. Ye've behaved like a hero. You've saved me child,' said the man in the hat. ' Now stan3 hack. Let him have plenty of air. Try if you can stand," said another V°John stood up, but felt faint and giddy. ^ seemed ridiculous in a few minutes to change from the robust village youth who feared nothing to a oreature whose head seemed to Bwlm independent of him, and who could not steady himself. He caught at the arm of the tall man to support himself. "That's rieht, that's right me noble boy, I11 take him home with me. The child is un hurt, me young hero. She's waiting out o door with her mother, who's longing to em brace ye and bless ye. Come, it s but a step " o my humble door." John wasnot quite clear about this address, but he was glad of the tall man's arm on which he could lean, and allowed himself to be led away in a dazed condition through the crowd, followed by the woman and the child, who was still crying with fright and excite ment. The mother happily neither embraced nor blessed him, but he was so dazed that he scarcely knew what happened except that she looked at him anxiously, with troubled eyes. He was glad of the support of the man who guided him very kindly lor a little way through the crowded street, then suddenly turned down a quiet one. Here the waft of a purer, colder air upon John's faoe brought him to himself, and he would have drawn his arm from that of his guide. "I can go now." he Baid, "thank you. I'm myself, now" " What, let you go like this—the saviour of my child's life—when we're close to our humble door? Never!" said his new friend. "Maria, go first and light a candle—you ve got the key*' And presently John found himself, after stumbling up several flights of stain, in a room high up, very shabbily and sparsely furnished, where there was a glimmer^of fire, and where he waB not unwilling to sit down and rest, though his senses had come baok to him and he began to recover from the shook. While he sat looking round him, vaguely wondering with his still slightly clouded faculties where he was, and wondering if perhaps he might have fallen into some of the traps he had read of, the couple talked a little in whispers bebindhim. Was it of him they were talking! Were they consulting together what to do_ with him? He smiled at himself even while he half entertained this thought. Then one innocent word came tp his ears which made him laugh to himself. It was "sausages." [ John in his most suspicions mood, in the deepest alarms of the country lad, could not suppose that they meant to make sausages of him. The sound of his laugh startled both himself and the little group behind him. The woman hurried away, and the man came for ward with thegrand air which sat so strangely on his evident poverty. "Ye laugh, me young friend," he said, 'perhaps ye overheard our consultations how to receive ye, onr young benefactor. It is not much at present that is in Montressor'a power, but what we have is at your service to the last sou. I am not au ungrateful, though ye eee in me a fallen man. Did ye eee the crowds at that theatre door? Young sir, a few years ago it was to see Montressor those crowds—and there were more, more 1 than are ever drawn now—that those crowds flowed in to boxes, pit, and gallery, and not a scrap of paper, but all solid money through out the house." John but dimly understood, but yet had a . limmering of what waB meant, " Are you dontressor?" he said. Montressor lifted his hauds, in one of which was still the shiny hat, to heaven-7-or rather to the low smoke-darkened ceiling, which was a substitute. " The downfall is indeed proved," he said, "me young friend, when you have to ask that question. The >ortrait was once in all the shop windows, but now" The armB were raised again. and then Montressor put down his hat and drew a chair towards the waning fire, which be poked gently and with precaution. " If she s to cook 'em when she comes in we must mind the fire," he said, falling into a more familiar tone, and raking together the embers with a more oareful and experienced hand. " Ye find me, young gentleman, iu a small apartment that is kitchen and chamber and hall, as the song says. What does it matter to a lofty mind s'longs ye find honour and a warm heart of gratitude there ?" "Bnt. indeed, I think I must go," said John, with the timidity of his age. " I feel all right now. It was only just for a mo ment. I feel quite steady, and I think I must go." "Not before ye have tasted such hospi tality as I have to give ye, me heroic boy. The saviour of me child must not go from me doors without a sign of me appreciation —without a bit of eupoer at least. Maria ! are ye come at last? And here ie our honoured guest that says he must go. Come, child, and bid ye're deliverer stay." "Wait and take some supper," said the woman with her pathetic look j "it will be a pleasure to us both. It's not late, and you needn't fear; you'll get no harm." "Harm!" said her husband, "from you, my love, or from Montressor ? No, he will get no harm, whatever a brutal message of designing critics may say. Thank God, Maria, corrupting the young was never laid to your husband's charge, me dear. He shall see that conscious virtue is not ashamed of humble offices. I will prepare the table while she makes ready our food. There is nothing derogatory in that, me young friend. Look at Mrs. Montressor if you would see one that is superior to every fortune. She has had her cooks, her housemaids, ner governess; she had driven in_ her own car riages, and wore silks and satins. And now ye see her preparing to fry the sausages. And which is the first office—the last, sir for she's always a lady—a perfect lady whatever her occupation may be. John did not feel called upon to make answer to this, He sat in a half ^drsam or wonderment, while aU these domestic arrange ments went ,on in this strange little ^interior, where all was so new and extraordinary to him How had he got there ? What sort of a place was it? What kind of people were these? Theenriousserio-comic character of the episode did not strike him as much as it would have done an older spectator, but the hissing of the sausages on the fire, before whioh tins unknown woman stood, her wistful eyes fixed upon the fryingpan, while her husband, with his fine language and fine sentiments, laid the cloth upon the table behind, were too strange, too peculiar, too ridiculous even, for he was hungry again, and there was a sort of warm friendliness in the Mr that comforted his young, childish soul— too comfortable not to affect the boy. He felt a sort of pleasurable disquietude and alarm and embarrassment. He ought to go, he felt, but he was shy and they were tired, and he did not know how to get himBelf away. Presently the child who was the occasion of it all, and who had clung to her mother's skirts all the time, pulled a stool towards John's feet, and sitting down by him began to pat his leg witii soft little touches. "Did it hurt much," she' said, " that big horse's foot? I called mamma and it was you, What irade yon get hurt for a poor little girl like ' me ?" " What made him. It was God, Edie, to rave you to mother, and God bless him for it," said the woman, turning round. " It was a heroic action," said Montressor; " it was the act of a hero, me chyild, Your • saviour will always be to us a noble youth. Me young benefactor as ytt we do not know your honoured name." John paused for a moment. He never could tell what curious impulse possessed him. PerhapB it was because he was in a new world of his own discovery, with which no one else had anything to do. He said, with the blood rushing to bis face, "My tame is John May." When be heard niB own voice his heart gave.a great leap and throb, but whether it was the feeling of one who takeB a false name, or of one who for the first time claims A true one, he eould not telL The act which was almost involuntary filled him with an excitement whioh he conld not explain. /' May!" cried MontTeBsor—" Maria! what -did I say, that tWe was something in the countenance of mis noble youth not un familiar. 1 knew a May once—I have not forgotten him. Me young friend, yon are like that companion of my youth—yes, yon are like him. I felt it from the first. He was the kindest, the dearest—but misfortune fell upon him. Ah! shall it be that the blood of our friend rnns in your veinB." "Montressor," said his wife hurriedly, " this young gentleman can have nothing to do with the May yon once knew. It is not a thing to be talked about, that connection. Yon know what I mean. There is not the slightest likeness, nor the least possibility: for goodness sake keep yon to yourself, and think bow impossible. The supper is read; " she added, in a lighter tone. "Gome, £ May, a little food will do you good, though it is neitheriich nor rare." 