? PROTESTANTISM ' Oit TOAST. TO THE EDITOR OF THE HERALD. <_rr,-Undor the above title Nova Cambria" defines what, in his opinion, is the essential point on which Pro- testant differ from Catholics. As I understand, he agrees in thinking "that a presbytery to our notion not differing in any supernatural respect from the laity-have by the Catholics been transformed into a priesthood, who claim to have acquired by consecration much that we attribute solely to the Deity and who further claim we fear and shrink from the infection) to be able, by benediction or some other form resembling incantation, to fix many of the Divine attributes into material objects inch as the scientist mixes electricity into stool. Nova Cambria," improvidently pacific, suggests that Luthor once for all in forgotten times fulfilled the task of guarding against relapse Being thus inoculated against any future attack, why need we be scrupulously logical to our principles, by expunging from the Prayer-book a few lingering traces of the pureut-superstitíons, such as absolutions by the presbytery, and a fawshowy trivialities ? Why now become disagreeable to a few innovators in our body by " drawing our line " in front of the " so called after? Notwithstanding Nova Cambria" well meant suggestions, I am mistaken if our laity have forgotten the abuses traceable to the heresy of trans- substantiation, and will not, in every category thereof, opptwo the apparent sneaking, in of any superstitious reaction ; especially as they tooiustlyfeara misleading of our descendants by a presbytery who are naturally biassed into favourable regard of the profit and position that have attended the enforcement of supernatural claims by the priesthood. " But since we allow pictures elsewhere in the church, why not on the so-called altar P For much the same reason as, while allowing hats to be carried into church, we yet object to their being placed on heads of the owners while in church. Eastern precedent rather suggests that we ought to wear our hats in church, yet to mv mind we properly avoid giving scandal thereby to the weaker brethren. Let me, however, observe that the covering of heads in church being admitted to be a circumstance outside of religion, equally with the adorning of the altar, as explained to objectors by its advocates, we could not refuse the liberty of m oaring, hats in church to the few who might care to copy this primitive custom without granting a similar liberty to another few who persist in claiming to adorn our communion-table in either case, to the outrage of the majority. I cannot believe that Moses intended differently from Him who was to perfect Mosoa's religion. One said, and both meant, that God was to be worshipped in spirit and truth. We are assured that even divinely assisted Miss could not enforce has inspired ideas on the yet unevoluted hard hearts of the, Israelites., Much as Moses had swept away of superstition, he yet left much to be done by a more potent Reformer after the evolution of ages-all in the direction of worshipping God in spirit and truth. None of the Christian sects has, yet reached our ideal, but after the example of Christ and of Closes we must strive towards it. in this direction we may advance, we may change forts and; but i to go back is impossible. There are but false teachers and prophets sincerity against the Holy Ghost, who would so misunderstand the written constitution bequeathed to us by our Sovereign. ' No thoughtful man will maintain that the blessed instinct of religion was intended to be fostered up to its possible purity, under the changing circumstances of time, by words or phrases ' of changeful morning. For instance, those original terms ottawa, once expressive only, of the feeling of a dog, a slave, a paramour, towards their master or mistress, utterly vilify and misinterpret the sincerity with which grateful Christians would render due homage to their worshipful Cioator. Religion is a reality, not a wind bag of sounds, or glitter of tinsel. The moral influence of clergy is a real necessity their showy and magical trifles hut a lulling- delusion, i True prayer is the mindful attention to) and the dread of interfering with the evident designs of im 'aU-jnvrag Creator. His living ' temple is the Protestant cathedral, and a godly spirit therein his recedes. , I am, cure., I LAYMAN. , November 4. 