Am Out Story in Verse. ITc was a guileless college youth, That mirrored modesty and truth And sometimes at his musty room ? His sister called, to chase the gloom. .One afternoon, when she was there, : ' Arranging things with kindly care, ? As often slie had done before: There camc a knock upon the door. Our student, sensitive to fears Of thoughtless comrades' laughing jeers, Had only time- to make deposit ?Of his dear sister in a closet ; Then haste tlic door to open wide ; His guest unbidden stcpt inside. He was a cheery-faced old man, And with npologies began For calling, and then let him. know That more than fifty years ago, When he wns in his'youthful bloom, He'd occupied that very room ; So thought he'd take the chance, be said, To see the changes time had made. ' The same old window, same old view— Ha, 1m 1 the same old pictures, too ! ' And then he tapped them with his cane, And laughed his merry laugh again. ' The same old sofa, I declare 1 Dear me ! It must he worse for wear. The same old shelves 1 ' And then He camc And spied the closct door. ' The same ? Oh,, my I ' A woman's dress peeppd through. Quick as he could he closed it to. He shook liis head. '? Ah 1 ah 1 the same Old game, young man, the same old game I ' ' Would yon my reputation slur ? ' -The youth gasped ; ' That's my sister, sir 1 ' H All I ' said the old man, with a sigh, ' The eatne old lie— the same old iic f ' An English divine once told of passing a night in a haunted chambcr in an English castle. He described how the ghost slowly 3talked into the chamber, and described the armour which covcrcd the form of the mys terious visitor. u But how did you get rid of this vision ' ' cricd some of those who heard the story. 'Oh, very easily,' replied the minister ; ' I merely took my subscription book from tho table and the vision quickly .faded away.' A lady, who was a member cf a class studying art, concluded a recitation on Bcti jaman Ilaydon by/saylng that ' towards tbe close of bis life hL\comniittcd suicide. A lady writer asks : ' Why don't bache lors marry?' .That/ft so— why don't they? Cnnie.tp.thjnk about it, we have not yei seen a bachelor who wasmarried. It's lamentable, too. ? . ? 