i , VICTORIAN ITEMS! the The tender of Messrs Bailey, Davis and Wishart, of Adelaide, for £78 340 has been accepted for the first section of the Watts River scheme of water supply for Mel- bourne I j I Arguments were heard before the Full Court on the 17th Inst in connection with the proceedings taken by Thoms Hurtle and J J Miller against the Hon James Campbell late Postmaster General, who last year prohibited the transmission of letters addressed to Miller at the York Hotel, Sydney, the same being presumed to be re instances for lotteries on horse races The principal question in dispute is whether the provisions of section 28 of the Post Office Act apply to letters to be transmitted from the colony and delivered in any other country, the action of the Minister having been taken under that section ! Judgment was' reserved iii! I I) At the inquest on the body of James Lane the victim of the recent mysterious murder in Simpsons Road a verdict of murder against some person or persons unknown! was returned a ho coroner stated that the determined violence of the fatal blow proved that the robbery was not the principal object of the murderous i assault upon the deceased i I I 1 is ! A committee has been formed with the object of raising the sum of 300 guineas for tho]bustjaiul portrait of Bishop Moorhouse, to commemorate his connection with the city of Melbourne s i < I i I In reference to the proposal to invite the Prince of Wales to visit Australia next year, Mr Gillies has replied to Mr Downer, Premier of South Australia that the doubts) whether, in view of the serious aspect! of public affairs in the United Kingdom his Royal Highness would be induced to under take the voyage, but,'! should the other colonies deem, it desirable to Friday the france the Victorian Government would have much pleasure in joining in; the imitation is the vijutiwoulid ,bo(ihoth gratifying to Australians, under bencGoial to the colonies Mr Gillies has asked tCjbo iufonnud,--of the views of the other colonies on the subject and the particular form which it is proposed the invitation should take "' ¡, I in the Legislative Assembly on the 17th Inst Mr Hunt drew attention to the death of Sir Alexander Stuart, and suggested that it would be a graceful compliment to New South 1|Yalo8 to adjourn the House, Mr Gillies said that they were all exceedingly sorry to hear of the death of fair A Stuart, but apart from there being no precedent, for such a course as that proposed, the pressure of public business rendered it necessary that the House should not run Previous to the opening of the new Masonic temple in Collins street, east When the Masons used to meet in the old hall in Lonsdale street,, they met and transacted the ordinary business, etc, connected with the craft and then adjourned to refreshment, but since the opening of the new temple, with its magnificent lodge rooms and large hall, several Worshipful Mas us, who have been instilled in the new temple up to the present time, have, on the night of their in stalin tion given a social evening in the large hall, instead of a banquet, thereby extend ing their hospitality to the wires of the brethren of the craft, an innovation which finds very general approval Arrangements In connection with the opening of the through line to Adelaide, which it is expected will take place at the beginning of next year, are being pushed on As it already the practice on the Sydney line, where inter looking apparatus is used to con- from the points, this salutary system, will be adopted by the Railway Commissioners, and the South Australian railway authorities have signalised their intention of following this example The Castlemaine correspondent of the Bendigo Adver here writes -"Mr Hamilton, president of thoNowstcadshire Council, has lost a number of valuable cattle during past weak He ploughed up a considerable area of land which was covered with the rain legated thistle, and turned in a portion of his herd that ate heartily of the succulent roots A few hours afterwards Mr Hamilton found the cattle dead " The whole matter regarding the seizure of 275 kegs of herrings shipped by the Trial era from London to Melbourne has been practi- fully settled The agents of the VCSSBI, MOSMAN Diokbna and, Co , have agreed with Mr T H ?? Young Customs -agent, who is the representative of the consignee, to pay for the fish according to the actual market value in Melbourne, Which value will be de- termined by experts. Mr Young has not included] El rijiiUr Umiuc-isillûi continue o -22?" received Mr. Cosmo Newbery's report upon the sample of the substance-said who arsenic found in the kegs. The Local Beard of Health intend to order the fish to be destroyed is unfit for human consumption. Had not a timely discovery been made of the condition of the kegs, the fish would have been sent to various parts of the colony. In point of fact, 40 or 'J) of the kegs were already loaded for the country at the time of the discovery. , An individual clad in ghostly raiment caused a little sensation at Black Hill, Ballarat, on several nights last week, and his senseless pranks have led to at least one young lady being laid up with illness brought on by fright. This young lady was (writes the Courier) visiting a friend on a recent evening, and as she said she, was afraid she would meet the ghost, a young man was deputed to accompany her to her residence, It was about the hour of the visitation on the previous evening, and the escort said he fussed it would be as well for him to arm himself with something that would enable him; to give the "ghost", the thrash- ing it deserved. He, therefore carried a stout stick mono hand and a poker in the other, and proceeded to take the young lady to her home. They had not gone very far when, sure enough, a personage dressed in white was, observed a short distance off. The brave, young man thus concluded it safer to retire, and, dropping his weapons, he ran away. The young lady fainted, and had to, be carried to, her residence. She is reported to be somewhat seriously ill, Several gentlemen have resolved to administer a sound horsewhipping to the individual, whoever he is, who has been carry I ing on this senseless practical joke should they be successful in tracing his identity. 