TUESDAY, DECEMBER 22, 1884). One disadvantage in connection with the Centennial Exhibition is that the time for preparations is short What has to be done must be done quickly Our Government is not to blame for this because they had to wait for New South Wales, and could not bring down thou proposals until the Faiha ment of that colony had been pro- rogued, and it had been made plain that the scheme for centennial colt, brations there would not include a grand exhibition such as Victoria is now prepared to hold Having made the first move, however, Mr GILLIES and his colleagues hav of not dallied over the second, and the appointment of the Royal commission, which is to be made on Thursday, will relieve them of further variety regarding details The commission will be constituted for wool soon after the holidays, and when the commissioners approach their duty they will see how large it is and how necessary it will be for energies to be promptly concentrated upon the organising of' the vast machinery for the successful completion of the project So far as appearances denote the Government; intend choosing the com- mission-at any rate the principal members-from among gentlemen who have had little direct association with exhibitions in the past, and in doing this they are acting wisely. They are avoiding the mistake of providing comfortable public positions for persons whose administration of other such displays has not been altogether satisfactory. But the rule should not be pressed too far. Room should be made for gentlemen who have rendered worthy service, and whose' ability, experience, and uprightness will guarantee that the colony will be made to stand well in the estimation of the world. On the same principle that it is good for parliamentary institutions that the electors should re-elect a large number of ex members after a dissolution in order that continuity may be preserved, so is it good that the governing body of one exhibition should bear some relation to the governing body of the last. The many mistakes of the world's fair held in Melbourne in 1880-1 will be best remembered by those who knew something of the inner life of the commission, and the points of merit will be fresh in their minds also. Examples will be found on both sides of the account, and they will best be applied if the Government place on the commission some of the gentlemen just indicated. The Exhibition of 1880 was very successful, but it was not so thoroughly international as was desired, nor as was possible then, nor as is possible now. It would be a poor count of the nations of the world that omitted Russia, Spain, Sweden and Norway, or China, yet the displays which we were so proud contained little or nothing from the countries mentioned countries which should have so much to show, and which might be induced to co-operate if approached in a liberal spirit. Austria and Italy each had a court, but no one could say that a comprehensive exposi- tion of the resources, the arts, and the manufactures of those countries could be seen there. Germany and France by splendid contributions overshadowed all other foreign countries. They may be relied on to do as well again if negotiations are not delayed until the war drum is set throbbing in Europe, and Governments find themselves with such momentous issues on hand as to prevent attention being given to the request for exhibits at our great centennial gathering. Peace may have her victories not less renowned than those of war-in poetry, but in fact the shock of arms banishes all thought of the caress of amity. Victoria had therefore better make known her wishes speedily, and make them known in a way that will ensure a hearty response. It took a long time even to secure such a collection as that rejoiced over in Carlton Gardens on the memor- able 1st of October six years ago, but it will take longer, unless more active means are employed, to bring about in 1888 such a representation of all the countries of the world as will make the Exhibition truly international, complete as a spectacle, and thoroughly valuable as an educator. The United States was the only country in America North and South represented at the last Exhibition, and unfortunately even the court of that republic was shorn of its fair propor- tions by the wreck of the ship Eric the Red on our coast. The authorities at Washington, with whom Australasia has since been brought into closer connection, will no doubt readily take the steps necessary for adequately illustrat- ing their productions. There need be little fear on their account. Our fellow subjects in Canada were unaccountably strangers to us in 1880, while foreigners were at home within our gates. They have much to show, and, perhaps more than any other country in the world, have much to gain by cultivating trade relations with Australasia. Their section in the Colonial and Indian Exhibition just closed in London was a superb demonstration of their resources. Their participation in the display at Melbourne in 1888 will be a pleasure to us and a profit to them, but their absence must be a source of regret. Mexico is an interesting though comparatively unknown republic, with vast wealth of minerals and natural products, with a Government very well disposed towards Europeans, and some enterprise. An International Exhibition could be held without its co- operation, but would be more attractive with it. Then there are the great dominions of South America, which are very little more than geographical terms to very many Australians. They have never taken part, in previous exhibitions, probably because they were never asked. We are particularly concerned in the progress of some of them, because they are competitors with us in the markets of Europe, and it will be for the commission to see how they can be best reached, if they are worth reaching. The gentlemen to whom the fortunes of the undertaking are to be entrusted will best show their appreciation of their positions by losing no time in making the preliminary overtures to all the nations of the world. It is a good thing for the future of Australian wine that the article is not now patronised in press notices in England, but is discussed as a reality, The remark may be made that, in one sense, the " wine of the future is now taken seriously. An astute writer comment- ing on the brilliant accounts given by the early Spaniards of the glories of Aztec-Mexico, points out the disposition that exists to enhance the intelligence and civilisation of races far below ourselves. On the other hand, given races who are our equals and our rivals, and the tendency is to belittle them. The two stages are common to all things. When kind remarks were made about Australian wines years ago, that was a condescension to a praiseworthy, harmless, amateur effort, but now the product is classed with the wines of the world, and such a recognition involves fault- finding. A lengthy discourse in the Saturday Review on " Australian Wines," need not be distasteful to the Australian vignerons. If the writer is frank about faults he appears to be perfectly honest, and in this instance the candid friend is not a nuisance but a treasure. The great scarcity of the day, it is said, is that of pure low-priced wines. Owing to the phylloxera and other causes, it has become extremely difficult to obtain the pure ordinaries largely drunk on the Continent, and exported in increasing quantities to England. The factories of IWdcaux are working up all sorts of law material to be passed off as the Medoc of old, and consequently there is an opening for a pure, palatable, cheap wine, which could be put upon the market without manipulation Australia so far has not considered this demand The endeavour has been rather to imitate port, sherry, burgundy, madeira And the writer thinks that this is an error, apart from considera- tions of price The wise course, he contends, is to ascertain which vines best suit our soils and climate, to refine the wine thus obtained, to do it the utmost justice, and to press the sale of that article on its own merits " The pro " duction of imitations," the sale day reviewer thinks, will not be " to our advantage as exporters " The writer continues -"We say as ex " porters, because if wine drinkers in " Australia like to have these scarcely " recognisable imitations of the wines of " Europe, there is no harm in supply ing them, but it does not seem to us " that there will be a demand for them " in the old countries There is no " lack of wines at present of the finer " growths in any of the wine- producing " countries to be bought at from high to moderate prices, and, value for. " value, these remain superior, so far as "our experience goes, to anything that " Australia has yet produced " Victoria is credited with having taken the lead in viticulture, and her wines are subjected to a critical analysis Their characteristics, as we are told, are "Great body, full but often unpleasing bouquet, and an earthy or medicinal flavour underlying the first taste Those of the burgundy type seem to approach nearest to their name, the bouquet is cleaner and more pleasing than the other wines, and the Savour better and less earthy , but if tried against a stout command, at a similar retail price to that quoted is the list, the advantage will clearly lie on the side of Europe. The wines called Riesling (in Australia transformed into Reisling) shipped from St. Hubert B vineyard possess a Savour something between chablis and overseeing, and are light and clean Hermitage would seem to be a favourite wine from the number of samples sent, both white and red , the red is of enormous body and of a rich dark colour, but the bouquet is so pleasing, and the taste strikes us as unclean , the white is a strong wine, full and sweet Saviour, but cloying A specimen of sparkling hermitage was a very palatable wine. Of the port, sherry, and Madeira we would rather not speak " The whole of this passage is suggestive Many people will be surprised by the statement which the critic makes that the strength of our wines will act as a deterrent to extensive consumption, that what is required is a wine of moderate strength, and not one the effects of which are felt after one or two glasses If this be correct, we must suppose that a cultivated taste is spreading in Great Britain, and that there is less now than there was at one time of the barbarism expressed in the passage " port for men and brandy for " heroes " Readers of Mr HUBERT DE CASTELLA interesting and valuable little work John Bull's Vineyard will be aware that the author and the Saturday reviewer are at one here. Mr. DE CASTELLA mourns over the circumstance that at our local shows the preference is given by the judges to wines toostrongforordinaryconsumption. The judges, says Mr. DE CASTELLA instead of favouring clean, dry wines, as light as their climate can produce, give the prizes to what their lists of awards call " full-bodied red and full- bodied white " the abomination of desolation" The reason, according to the author, is that wine sellers and grocers are ready to give a larger price for the sweet and strong article, the prosperous Australian middle-classes not having been educated to the charms of lightness, i " invitation," and bouquet. Our London critic believes in the future of Australian wine. If he had the local knowledge of the author we have quoted, and who speaks with authority of our possession of the fittest soil, and the " best climate,'' his faith would be still firmer and more pronounced. As it is, he anticipates that at no distant day soil and climate and local skill will have done their work, and Australian wine will become a reality as Australian wine. " We shall then have not distant " resemblances report, sherry, claret, and " a host of others, though it may be part taking of the nature of one or other " of these, but a genuine vin du pays, "differing course inqualityin different " districts, and influenced by the various " conditions of climate in the vast continent, just as France produces chain pagne, burgundy, and claret, but still a wine peculiar to Australia " and distinctive from that of Europe. The Saturday reviewer is probably right in saying that it was injudicious for us to exhibit in London an enormous variety of wines, " many of them .' unpalatable, and most of them imma " ture," and he is certainly right in so lieving that the Australian vignerons are likely to take the lessons of the Exhibition to heart. The authorship of the unfortunate proposals recently set aside for the European Mail Service is popularly attributed to Mr R C BAKER, of South Australia 'That gentleman voluntarily started on a tour through the colonies with a scheme of his own, and after consultation with the various Governments, he proceeded to England, where tenders were called for If a service had been obtained Mr BAKER rtouldliavo had all the credit of the success, but as it was the service miscarried, and as negotiations have to be opened on a new basis Mr BAKER IS scarcely eager about accepting any responsibility for the failure In a lengthy communication to the South Australian Advm ruses, he replies to some incidental remarks in our columns made while dr cussing the subject as a whole, but really the explanation amounts to little more than a statement that Mr BAKER was not original, but took one idea from the Paris Postal Convention, another from Mr rActer, and a third from Mr J OAMIBELL, the then Postmaster General of Victoria Such facts, however, do not much concern the public Mr BAKER undertook the negotiation, formulated principles, and finally came out with official proposals, and if the scheme cannot be referred to us the ' Baker " scheme, ' then the name of a public man can never be associated it with any public proceeding some of Mr BAKER'S criticisms are hard to understand He writes -" I never proposed a 24 days "set vice from Brindisi to Adelaide, as he had mentioned in our columns Yet he admits that he put his name to a proposal for a 20 days son leo from London to Adelaide, and that the English postal authorities translated that tor in into an equivalent of 028 hours from Brindisi to Adelaide of a service of 226 days 4 hours But those are petty details Mr BAKER does not seem to me sun is esp of the funds in neal objection which we took to his scheme when it HUB just published, and which we re stated the other day This is, that he proposed or adopted a fancy " as opposed to a commercial For late cleverness Governments said to the steamship companies "Wo Ment this done,' anditiiuiorseomstohmeaccurrcd to them to ascertain whether the companies could do this thing or not The colonies can afford to spend so much money They want the best value for that money that can be obtained, and instead of ascertaining how to obtain best value they have time after time asked for a service which would give a minimum of result at a maximum of cost At one time tenders are called so as to exclude Sydney, at another to leave out Ade aide, and, again, harassing conditions as to speed and penalties, and speculative terms as to payment by weight of postal matter, are introduced It seems to be forgotten that all " extras " apart from the commercial service of the day have to be paid for heavily as extras Mr BAKER says that in other instances besides this last Australian fiasco mail service proposals have been ignored by the ton doors, and other and different offers made It may be so But surely it adds to the unwisdom of administrators that they are not taught by prior failures Our present position is that not a response was made to the official call for tenders, that the only offers sent in departed altogether from the official lines, and that now the Governments have to do what they should have done in the first instance namely, ascertain from the steamship organisations what it is in their power to perform for the money If there are people who believe that it is statesmanlike or prudent to propose terms which no shipowners in the world will comply with which have to be taken back, which render possible a break down, we must beg leave to differ in opinion _ Nearly five years have gone by since Mr GLADSTONE and Lord KIMBERLEY concluded the humiliating surrender of the Transvaal territory to the Boers Each succeeding year circumstances have added to the dissatisfaction and regret which that wretched transaction caused to British colonists in South Africa Within the last 18 months it has become plain also that the territory flung away by the two sentimental and pusillanimous statesmen in question abounds in mineral wealth A recent correspondent of the Natal Mercury describes a journey of 600 miles in a waggonette from Durban to the De Koop goldfields and back, made by a party of Englishmen in August last Barberton the Ballarat of the Transvaal, is about 160 miles from the Vaal River, the northern border of the British colony of Natal It lies in the beautiful De Kaap Valley, and is probably one of the very newest of mining towns extant About six months ago the site of the city was overgrown with tall reeds Barberton to day boasts of an orderly and intelligent business population, two banks, several hotels, a large and commodious stock exchange, steam sawmills, a circus and a thriving newspaper, but no church of any kind Quartz reefs and " quarries " occur in the surrounding mountain ranges The correspondent's description and the local notions about mining might sound a little primitive to Australian ears However, rough facts about Bray's quarry" yielding 8oz to the ton, and pay mg 75 per cent on the original capital, and Thomas s iioef- whoro they had quartz studded with tiny nuggets yielding 33oz to the ton do not need any embellishing At Bray's quarry, " Caffres were busy carrying on their " heads small bags of the quartz to the " top of the hill " Thence the quartz journeyed 12 miles to the nearest stampers The visitors descended the Victoria. Company's" shaft, on the Queen River, to a depth of 420ft in a small bucket, " not much " larger than a water bucket, at " tached to a wire rope the thickness of " one's finger " As Barberton, reefs are spoken of in the feminine gender, in variably as she Italian miners are much in request A " prospector " pays £6 per annum for a licence, a digger £12 per annum, to the Boer Government Only some 2,000 diggers are prospecting on a Gold about 40 miles square A disagreeable circumstance is that, while it is British Labour and British capital which develops this auriferous territory, the unprogressive Boers exact a frightful " tariff on all goods and necessaries consumed or required by the diggers, while the goods consumed by the Boers themselves are scrupulously except His Excellency the Governor and Lady Loch visited Winchelsea yesterday, and were present at the annual local race meeting His excellency and Lady Loch were most cordially welcomed to the district. 'I beg spent last night at the residence of Mrs Austin, Barwon park, and will visit Ballarat to day in company with the Marquis and Marchioness of Stafford The Marquis and Marchioness of Stafford arrived from Sydney on Sunday in the RM SS Rome. They purpose proceeding with the Rome as far as Colombo, whence they will go on to Shanghai Christmas Day was marked by all the customary observances this year The day was kept a close holiday, and the city was more deserted than on Sundays. The usual services were held at the churches, many of which were beautifully decorated The weather being delightfully fine on that day, the parks and gardens of the city and suburbs were visited by thousands, while the railway trains and steamboats took heavy loads of passengers to the popular watering places on Port Phillip Bay In the evening the Town hall was crowded on the occasion of the 34th annual performance of the Messiah" by the Melbourne Philharmonic Society, and the same great work was rendered at the Exhibition building, in connection with the brand Opera Carnival Sacred concerts were also given at the Alexandra theatre and the Japanese Village, As Christmas Day fell on Saturday, yesterday was observed as Boxing Day), business being altogether suspended The attractions were as numerous and varied as ever, but the threatening weather militated against large attendances at many of the outdoor sports and pastimes About 1 o'clock, however, the dry, hot wind changed to a cool southern breeze, accompanied by just enough rain to lay the dust, but not to mar the pleasure of the tens of thousands who were seeking enjoyment in the open air at the race and cricket meetings on the bay steamers, in the country, or at the favourite watering places around Port Phillip harbour I here was a fairly good attendance at the intercolonial cricket match between representatives of Victoria and New South Wales, on the Melbourne Cricket Clubs ground, but the race meeting of the V A T C at Caulfield, was not so well at tended as last year, while 7,000 persons were estimated to be present at the temperance Oula In the I Friendly Societies Gardens 'The Zoological gardens, at the Royal park, and the aquarium, nttheLxhibition building, had the usual crowds of visitors In the evening most of the theatres and other places of amusement were filled to overflowing, and the display of fireworks on the East Melbourne Cricket-ground attracted an immense number of spectators To day will be observed as a holiday in the Government offices, banks, on the stock and share market and in most of the chief places of business The intercolonial cricket match will be continued on the Melbourne Cricket ground, and a number of bay excursions are advertised the thirty seventh intercolonial cricket match between Victorian and New South Wales elevens was commenced yesterday on the Melbourne ground The attendance was poor for Boxing Day, and at the best part of the afternoon there were not more than 5,000 people present. M'Donnell, who captained the New South Wales team, won the toss from Blackham, and sent his opponents into the field The batting of the New South Wales team did not, however, come up to expectations Within a few minutes of fl o clock the last wicket fell for a total of 220 at least a hundred runs fewer than had been anticipated 'farmer who did some good hitting, was highest scorer with 77 runs and next to him came Jones (40) Terms (66), and M Donnell (30) None of the Victorian bowlers got more than two wickets, but 'trott, McShane, 1 rumble, Morris, and Mid winter all showed good form The match will be continued at noon to day. The Boxing Day meeting of the Victoria Amateur Turf Club was held at Caulfield yesterday. The excessive heat of the weather militated against the attendance The Selling Race was won by Hot Iron, who easily defeated the favourite, Mistake. In the Hurdle Race, Mosstrooper was brought down by Aristides falling in front of him. Goodwood won, with Marron second, and Whale- bone third. The Summer Cup had a large field, of which Kohai proved the victor after an interesting finish with The Levite ; Metal was third. Perhaps won the Juvenile Stakes, with Escutcheon second, and Hortense third The Steeplechase brought several horses to grief, and when Promotion came down Corrigan lay motionless, and appeared to be seriously injured. He was unconscious for a quarter of an hour, but was otherwise only shaken Ruby won, with Curiosity second and Atlas third. The Malvern Handicap was won by Damocles, after a close touch with The Ghost The traffic yesterday on the three lines of tramway which are now open was very large, although not so great as would have been the case if the weather had been more favourable for outdoor pleasure. Arrangements had been made to meet a heavy demand. On the Richmond line 40 cars were run during the day at intervals of rain. The Fitzroy and Victoria street, the two lines which terminate in Collins street, were worked with, 59 cars, starting from either end every minute. The provision thus made was more than sufficient to cope with the tree at any time during the day The lines worked smoothly, and no mishap of any kind was reported during the day. Towards the latter end of last month a passenger on the St Kilda line, named Louis Le Gould, was observed to deliberately break one of the louvre blinds of the carriage in which he was travelling, and another passenger, named W Craig, gave information of the vandalism to the railway guard. The result was that Le Gould was taken before the St Kilda magistrates, who fined him to, with 10s. damages and £3 3s. costs. The Railway Commissioners, in order to show their appreciation of the action of Craig, and to encourage similar conduct in others, determined to reward him £5, and the money was sent last week to Constable Flannery, of the Hobson's Bay station, who paid it over to Craig on Christmas Day. The Veto York Times of the 4th November contains the following account of the loss of the barque Tresaurora with seven hands, and the subsequent rescue of the remainder of the crew, six in number, in an exhausted condition, after being five days on a raft without food or shelter.-" The schooner Anna Hutcheson arrived here yesterday, having rescued a portion of the crew of the Spanish barque Tresaurora when off the Tortugas on the 14th of October. The captain of the schooner states that at 2 pm. on that day a piece of wreckage, to which several persons appeared to be clinging, was sighted a short distance ahead. The schooner's course was quickly altered, and in a short time they were alongside the wreckage. Six men in the last stages of exhaustion were clinging to the raft upon which they floated. Two of them were dying and insensible The clothing had been washed from the lower portion of the limbs of the BUT, men, and their legs, hands, and feet were badly swollen. With much difficulty they were lifted aboard the vessel, craving for food and water in Spanish and broken English. After some hours they recovered strength, and stated that they were the survivors of the Spanish barque Tresau- room, which had foundered six days previously and that seven others of the crew went down with her. She was bound from Barcelona to Havannah, and on the 8th of October was disabled in a hurricane, and foundered before they could adopt means to leave her. The second mate, cook, and five seamen went down with the vessel, and never rose. The captain, mate, and four seamen reached the surface after being carried down with the wreckage. They succeeded in reaching the top of the deck house, which was washed overboard by a sea before the vessel sank. To this they clung for five days and nights without a particle of food or drop of fresh water. Several times they were washed off the house, and with difficulty reached it again, bails were seen, but at a distance. The captain and mate became delirious on the fourth day. When rescued the men were unable to move hands or feet The Independence Belge relates the following curious story as illustrative of the eccentricities of Englishmen .-" We recommend the following facts to M. Jules Verne, who might certainly utilise them. Two friends, Messrs Stanhope and Colvin, were recently sitting face to face in the London Jockey Club (sic) playing a game of cards. The stake was important. The loser was to offer the other ' a breakfast such as he had never had before.' Mr Stanhope lost He invited his partner to come to him on the following day, October 25, in Hyde park, for the famous breakfast At the stated hour Mr. Colvin presented himself at the rendezvous Mr. Stanhope was standing near an inflated balloon, in the car of which was an aeronaut superintending the preparations for a voyage in the air. As the two friends entered the balloon, a cook arrived out of breath with cooking apparatus. Mr. Stanhope ordered his cordon bleu to Sx the stove in the car. This having been done, he called out vigorously, 'Let go, and the balloon rose majestically in the air. The cook, who had not counted upon the voyage, uttered cries of fear, but Mr. Stanhope, calm as the captain of a ship in a storm, said to him Now, then, cook these two beefsteak, and take care that no sparks fall out of the stove, or the balloon will explode.' The cook proceeded to carry out the order, and Mr. Stanhope, turning to his friend Colvin, more dead than alive, said, 'I have kept my promise ; this will be the most expensive breakfast that we have ever eaten There are £300 to pay for the balloon and £200 as in- demnity to the cook " " The Academy of Sciences in Paris has sent out the following circular to recognised street corners in all parts of the world :--" Paris, October 1, 1880 The great progress made for some years past in celestial photography, and the remarkable star photographs recently obtained at the Paris Observatory by the Messrs Henry, made several astronomers think that the moment had arrived to under- take the construction of a chart of the heavens by photography. This great work, which would be of such great importance to the astronomers of the future, could easily he executed in a few years, it 10 or 12 observatories, well distributed over the globe, could conveniently divide the task and operate according to an identical process, so as to have in the different parts of this chart all the indispensable homogeneous neaR. The Academy of Sciences having taken cognisance of the official communications received from a great number of astronomers by the director of the observatory at Paris as to the opportunity of the meeting of an international conference, where the subject could he studied and discussed together, has thought that the conference might take place at the Paris Observatory during the Easter vacation on the loth of April, 1887, and hopes that you will he able to give your assistance on that occasion " Copies of the circular have been received by the Australian astronomers, and we are informed by Mr Ellery that he received an earlier private invitation from Admiral Mouchez, the director of the Paris Observatory, requesting him, if he could not find it convenient to attend the conference, to give his co-operation in the proposed undertaking The chief object aimed at is to get a complete photographic chart of the heavens by some pre arranged and uniform method, with similarly constructed instruments, and tins conference IS invited to decide upon these points. If the conference decides upon harry in,; out the scheme, every national southern observatory must take part in the work, as there are so few in this hemisphere to divide it amongst Mr Ellery believes he will experience no difficulty in taking a fair share in any such undertaking as may be agreed upon, nor in inducing the Government to provide the, probably, very moderate expenditure that will be necessary. The Paris correspondent of the Daily News writes "The Jun Lung, a Chinese well-known to the literary world of Paris, died on Saturday, November 13, of pleurisy, and was buried on Monday The invitations sent to his friends to attend his funeral announced that he departed this life strengthened with the sacraments of the church He was attended in his last illness by Alexandre Dumas, Mdme Judith Gautier, and his parish priest, M Dumas visiting him often several times a day, and seeing that he wanted for nothing Lin Jun Lung was one of the first Chinese who ever came to Paris. He was left behind as a youth at an hotel by a merchant, who was taking him to London from Canton Théophile Gautier picked him up and thought of utilising them as a servant, but the Chinese waif gave proof of such high breeding and intelligence that he became one of the family, and taught Chinese to Judith and Estelle Gautier, and many Chinese handicrafts and arts. He became such a good French scholar as to be able to furnish various playwrights and novelists, who laid the action of their dramas or novels in China, with not only hints but whole gates and chapters Indeed, it was he who laid on the local colour in nearly all the works of fiction dealing with the Flowery Land which have come out here since he was adopted by Théophile Gautier After the death of his earliest friend be almost found a home in the De Cassagnac family He was amiable and affectionate He spoke the Chinese of the literary class at Pekin. The whole Chinese Embassy, and all the pupils of the Oriental School, of which he was a professor, as well as a delegation of the Société des Gens de Lettres, of which he was a member, followed his coffin to the grave M Alexandre Dumas was one of those who delivered funeral orations." A public meeting for the advocacy of the principles of total abstinence will be held in the Temperance hall, Russell street, this evening 