íhc^joviúuji bulletin, ROCKHAMPTON. FRIDAY, JOLY IC. 1886. THE SOUTH AUSTRAL! t N DEFICIT. " DEAD BROKE " is the expressive term which sums up Mr. J. C. Bray's financial statement, recent'y delivered in the South Australian Assembly. His budget for the year is a roll of financial dis- asters, and he is compelled to admit that even the modest anticipations of twelve months ago have been proved erroneous, and every prophecy then uttered has been falsified. Under such depressing circumstances as these, Mr Bray is far from being an agreeable companion. His position as Treasurer is the most difficult in the Ministry, and he belongs to that uneasy class of financiers who walk at midnight like insolvent ghosts, ! thinking of approaching liabilities which ! it seems impossible to meet. At the present critical juncture it might, per- haps, be more appropriate to allow the public creditors to do thc walking for a change, whil<j Mr. Bray goes to bed, but the latter gentleman evidently regards himself as paid by the nation to play tho part of a family banshee, and weep over the past glories of South Australia, and he fulfils his roh with a perse- verance and energy worthy of a more cheerful cause. The people of the Colony, however, are beginning to realise the fact that Mr. Bray, despite his unquestioned abilities, is hardly at his best when placed in charge of a valuable deficit the only thing of which he is at present thc custodian. Mr. Dickson, in a similar position, would assume his blandest smile, and point out how a shortage or at lerst this particular one furnished the highest possible testimony to the wisdom which irradiated the inmost recesses of the Griffith Cabinet ; Sir Patrick Jennings, on the other hand, would mildly hint that there should hate been more money available, but that the Opposition, in some unex- plained way, had embezzled the balancu ; while Sir Julius Vogel would toss double or quits with Fortune, and trust for success to that double-headed coin which has so often enabled him to cheat the fickle goddess. But Mr. Bray has none of these resources with which to lighten tho gloom of his annual state- ments, and he possesses instead an artistic sense of colour, which enables him to paint a national disaster until it assumes thc ebon hue of a national crime. His budget speech sounds like a funeral oration pronounced over the mortal remains of South Australia, and such orations are dreary things, even to the corpse. Tlie figures which the Treasurer laid before the House, suggest the idea that he has lent out the deficit at usury, for it is increasing with the phenomenal rapidity of a loan at compound Hebrew interest. At the commencement of the financial year, the debit balance stood at £436,000, and it was then confidently assumed that the turning-point had been reached. Kew imposts were freely resorted to, which, it was asserted, would infallibly close the gap between the two ends that so obstinately refused to meet. The laud and income taxes I alone were estimated so highly that some sanguine spirits even hoped for a surplus, especially j when it was ascertained that the expenditure was likely to be much I lower than had been at first anti- cipated. But the revenue, as it now ! appears, has undergone the enormous depreciation of £448,000, or, in other words, one-eighth of the expected re- ceipts have vanished into ethereal space ; and consequently this' year's deficiency, in spite of new taxation, is greater by far than that of the disastrous twelve months which preceded it. The colony now finds itself £853,000 to the bad, with every prospect of seeing this balance increasing, within the next few months, to a million, and it is freely de- clared by many to be on the high road I to insolvency. The causes which arc assigned for this state of things arc too numerous to be recounted. By some it is entirely ascribed to lavish borrowing, by others to a species of cowardice, which pre- vented the Government from borrowing enough. The construction of railways leading only into a wilderness is de- clared in many quarters to have ruined the exchequer, while, on the other hand, it is asserted that had the Ministry pro- ceeded to build lines in every empty spot in their vast territory, South Aus , tralia would now be the richest and most prosperousof all the British Colonies. The influx of Chinese, the bad state of public morals, and the parsimony of Christians when the hat is passed round for Church purposes, are all named in various quar- ters as causes which have led to disaster. Among the remedies proposed, that of appointing a season of humiliation and prayer seems to have found favour with an extensive class, and its advocates ap- parently imagine, that Providence, thus appeased may endorse the colony's paper at three months after date, and make it again negotiable. A few ram- pant atheists issue a counterblast, in which they call for the abolition of religion as the panacea for all evils ; but the greatest hope of the colony seems just now to be centred is the issue of State guaranteed paper, as a means of creating capital where none at present exists. Unfortunately, however, those who advocate this remedy are quite unable to devise any means by which its use could be kept within due bounds, and past experience has shown that where it has been employed, a time has almost invariably come when a barrow load of Government paper would barely pay for greasing the wheel of that humble vehicle. As for the Treasurer, he is reduced to fall back upon the old expedient of more and yet more taxa- tion, though it is getting difficult indeed to find anything in South Australia which can stand an additional impost. At such a juncture, the want of a great and daring financier is keenly felt. The position of the colony is abnormal, but it is very far from being desperate, and a statesman who is qualified to wield a sceptre could even now galvanize it into new life. But Mr. Bray is fitted to wield nothing more imposing than a cotton umbrella, and though he man- handle that weapon with grace and dexterity, it cannot supply the place of the magic wand that is needed to restore order out of chaos. Such an expedient as the establishment of a Government monopoly in spirits, would till the empty Treasury to overflowing, but unless some scheme like this is resorted to, the Colony must ap parent'y struggle on in the mire until a general revival of trade sets in. Ordinary men would, no doubt, stand aghast at so revolutionary a proposal, ;and would require some time to grow accustomed to it, but the idea is far trata' being unprecedented, even in British territory. The Government of India |is supported to a very great degree by its monopoly of opium, while Peru, until the recent war, depended less updn taxation than on the guano deposits on its coasts. South Australia has sun'k so low, not because of its wickedness, as the ultra-Christians of Adelaide are fond of asserting, but because its three staples-wool, grain, and copper-have undergone a depreciation which hats dried up the springs of industry ; an 1 no ordinary means can keep the Tra . sury supplied until better days arrivi t. For the present, Mr. Bray's budget wi! I furnish a text for such prophets as Mr. Froude to dilate upon, but it presentjs at least one redeeming feature. The colony stands aghast, it is true, at the gap in the national finances, but the outcry raised, both by the people and the Treasurer, shows how thoroughly they appreciate the danger of tlieijr position. In half the countries of Europe, much larger déficiences are no\ of yearly occurrence, aud are regarded a matters of course ; they are simpl; added to the growing mass of deb which will never be paid, and becaus nothing is said the superficial prophet who take so deep an interest in colonia finance pass them over in silence. 