Original Correspondence. We do not identify ourselves with the opinions of our Correspondents. SCOTTISH NATIONALITY. To the Editor of the Bathurst Free Press. SIR, — I am not at all ambitious to have the last word in the discussion raised by Autolycus on Scottish Nationality, which is no longer a 'fabulous monster' dressed in kilts, playing the bagpipes, and regaling itself on haggis and whiskey. Moreover, this last 'dissertation' on the subject shows such a complete change of front with regard to his former 'facts ' that it would be idle to expect him to benefit by criticism, either serious or jocular. Thus Autolycus — ' The only serious part of my paragraph — the proof that the custom with which Scotchmen love to deck them- selves, is not Scotch — is dismissed as apparently 'jocular.' Well ! Well ! the kilt is serious is it ? Serious enough, no doubt at Waterloo and Tel-el-Kebir, where it clothed the gallant forms of our soldier heroes, but I was under the impression that there were very few Scotsmen who did not know that the kilt was a comparatively modern article of attire. How could I think that Autolycus was serious, as serious as that young gentleman who had been in England for four or five years finishing his education and who inquired of me in all innocence 'your father was Scotch was he ? then I suppose he wore a kilt and played the bagpipes ?' The costume, too 'in which Scotsmen love to deck themselves.' Might I ask where ? In Bathurst here or in Sydney, or Melbourne, or in the Lowlands of Scotland, which include the Eastern Seaboard from Berwick to Thurso ? or, might I whisper, at fancy dress balls in London, and on the persons of English sportsmen. So much for the kilt, and there remains that joke of the surgical operation con templated by Sydney Smith on the devoted craniums of Scotsmen. What a God-send has this joke been to those whom Davie Lindsay designated 'witless fules' — that class of person who with a wonderful perverseness of comprehension which no surgical operation could remedy insist that all Scotsmen must of necessity wear a kilt and play the bagpipes. Unable to make a joke on their own account they have recourse to that tongue worn jest, the wit of which from long iteration has at last become apparent to the meanest intellect. Surely if jokes have ghosts, the ghost of this joke might well desire to be laid forever at rest. I am glad however to observe from Autolycus' second 'jotting ' that he has taken to arming himself with the weapons of the enemy — 'conceited gowk ' may be allowable in the address of one 'stane brig ' to another, but is hardly polite or parliamentary in a newspaper discussion. However, I won't be critical, but conclude by hoping that Autolycus will stick to his Burns. He could not find a better corrective of misinformed prejudice. I am etc., LOWLAND SCOT. Bathurst, 15th Dec. 1886. 