THE EVICTING IRISH PEER. The. London correspondent of the Argus writes :—Why Irish landlords: do not now resent the gentle pressure from Government to reduce rents is, firstly, because they know by praotical experience that an eviction involves a clean loss of the whole rent of the evicted farm for an indefinite period. As Jqng as they thought they were fighting.the.battle;of their class and of the law, pride or resentjnent 7 led'thezn to brave the IOBB. But now that the authorities themselves whisper them to make terms they do so, and reductions which a year ^;or two.ago wqjild have been soouted are cow 'made amidst hand- Bhaking, whisky-drinking, and other rejoioings. In the next place, the landlords are in turn using the attitude of the authorities in order to abate the claims of their mothers, sisters, and other " encumbrances." The agra rian difficulty has been greatly compli dated by the proportionately extravagant provision under settlement which Irish landlords were wont . to make for their widows and unmarried daughters. A Kerry landlord told me recently that he was much more. afraid of his stepmother than of the Moonlighters. Hundreds of men who a few years ago were wealthy are now dependent for food and clothing on their mothers and sisters, whose " charges on the estate" swallow up the whole of the reduced rental. The Marquis of Clandcarde's muchtalked-Of quarrel with his tenantry is regarded by the Nationalists as offering material for a good "test-case." His father (if the fact has anything to do with the merits of "judicial rents") was undoubtedly a model "wicked nobleman" of melodrama, and his many outrages on propriety shocked society half a century ago. In order tb inflame the Irish mind, the Nationalist newspapers are re-telling the story of those iniquities, culminating* as they did, in the notorious "Hancock will case," in whiob it was shown that the old lord ran away with the wife of a gentleman named Hancock ; that. the njured husband.died of a broken heart, eaving his property to his daughters, nd that the . three daughters were 1 done to death' one after the: other by their mother, under Lord Clanicarde's eyes. The last of them -was forced to make a will leaving everything to her illegitimate brother, Lord Clanricarde's son, since known to fame In London as an officer of Hussars and man f faphion. The will was abandoned, but the Marquis and his paramour forced the Hancock..f^jly. tq pay i/lO,000 as _a compromise. When Lord Palmerston, shortly before the fall of bis Ministry/in 1858, nSade him Lord 1 Priv£ Seal* it was .too strong an order even for the easy- -going British public of eight- and-twenty years ago, and he ..disappeared from official life. The present Marquis is a batchelor, and a comparative recluse— 'being a man aa feeble in mind as in body, •and dbing no good thing that is known, except playing thepiano,- H& never visits his proper ty, refuses all reductions in rent, lays out no money in improvements, and treats petitions from his tenants either 'with jocose insult or .silent contempt. In 1882 Ms tenantry petitioned for a reduction, asked him to cdtiiW over and judge for himself, and promised him a hearty welcome. He wrote back to say that he was ,«orry to: hear that they conld not 'maker*living <fetK*f their land; \but that there waft one* thi6g he was deoided on, Bnd that was thst they should'not make a liviHg out of him. . He declined their profcotel^td^•' -visit' :them with ithanbs; observ^g;ihatt£fterthe^iforegjoftig answer he' im^ibM' jfiit '.jdnga would enter l^g^.liA|^ito'«6lnpjbatn»l'pt : tlle' -welcottie whibb .they/offered Him. Soon' after; his agept was shot. /The. tenants have been petitioning him again, bat he has eent'ao reply whatever. A.go'od deal will be heard of the Marq&fc; of Clanricarde withiil the next few'weekf,;and eome- particulars may be 5§itei%«ting, writies th^ London corresidfetat vtff . th^ Sheffield Independent. ,|sthe%eSbt|9'^bn;6f tt^i^emarqnip plahi;ip^dB. r r tbrf" InupieliinV, mi e!de8§sbh„ba& '.a^politi^l^otoriety ot,a' few,..weeks w»s' be jrh?' moved the; smend ment that'proved iatal to the: Rafleell-Grl ads tone Reform Bill and .Miixisfry. Lord "Dunkellin was a mvmt 'fK. tWe ireest type, and was : bUtj.J forty y<stirt of age when he died. There ? are^ahy «iribtis k fetones tola of his life, ^ which"^he^jjiff of Zola [poMd r juStice ' the sWry of fig" ' deathVe^ ,»s i%^jpffigfeniBj i%acjferislio.- Xib jt^ad io liv,e, ,waB T , told, a, qouple-of hours, jtnd' thereupon he requeatwl hiB valot to ^ndi up the musical box, *nd it .^ras yrjbile listening jtp v %e «Wains^b! melody tfokt. hpiient rest. ^isjTinAhss, up tj>* VWWHn jiadi h^tookiiheititlfriwhe&he;^ inbmted! ; hts-pK^arfy. < The»old attarquis jof Glanrsoa^>(i«r3nixe«dupin<all kiiidfofecatt- /UMl^Vi imte %e-ai«iiB8ia ^nmlsy^ the. eapy-going .Lord Palmerston from the , Postmaster-Generalship in consequence. Lord Oanning sat for a while Bs member for the- oounty Galway, and during this period, there is a vague tradition of his having paid his estate a visit. It was the only occasion within living memory when he was seen in this country, or on his 51,000 broad acres, from which he draws, nevertheless, the handsome income of £30,000 sterling a year. He is an ex- Attache at Turin. He iB still a baobelor, lives in the Albany, once made famous as the residence of Macanilay—and, if 1 mistake not, of Byron—and is only known to his tenants by demands for rent, and eviction notices. There are two small towns on his property—Loughrea and Portumna. On these he has consistently refused to spend a penny, with'the result that they are both in an advanced state of decay, while pauperism has increased, in them to an alarming degree, and when the winter weather comes bands - of men parade the Btreets, besiege the doors of the bishop and the clergy, clamouring for bread and work, and even in the west of Ireland there are no towns so desolate or so hopeless. The National League has Bhown very good judgment in its election of a test case. Lord Clanricarde (says United Ireland f 30th October) has written to the Timet. The letter is worthy of the man. till, it iB a. satisfaction that he has written. It is something to prove that he sting, of public loathing and conempt can pierce even that sticky hide. t is the nature of the cur to snarl when e is safe, and to whine when he is hipped. The policy of the letter is his avourite policy of cowardly subterfuge the policy which cost the life of his retched old agent, Mr. Blake. He no onger, indeed, prates about the ingratiude of his tenants, or drags the ghost of is " revered father" into the controersy. -He has had enough of that. ut still, even while he whines out his xcuses in the Times, he keeps his iserly hand clutched tight upon his ack- rents. He was so busy, he conescends to explain, evicting the-wretehed enants who were in arrear that he had o time.to think ;or speak about reducions up to this. . Now that he,has those retches in gaol, and that hiB name has rown a by-word throughout the three ingdoms, he comes forward- with his unificent proposals-;'' He basdirected, 1 ' e proclaims, "in a large number of gricultural cases, where rents have not een already reduced.by the liand Court, n abatement s 20 per cent. Bhall be iven to. tenants : who,, by a fixed date, hall settle their vents, mp to the 1st of ovember, - ; •< • >' 