An American Hair-Lifter. Writing from Erie, Pennsylvania, U.S., on the 18th ult., the correspondent of an American con- temporary recounted the following grisly narrative, which rather reminds us of the absurd stories that used to terrify our grandfathers : The newspapers this week gave a thrilling account of the dreadful fate of Samuel Meeter, of Harris burg, who, with a number of ribald comrades, had j an imitation of the lord's Supper, with bread and beer. In the midst of the mockery " an immense ill- formed and foul beast, with cloven feet, pointed horns, and eyes that flashed fire,," appeared. Meeter died a maniac, declaring that he had seen the Evil One, and was lost. Erie has a case somewhat similar, only that five lives were the penalty of blasphemy, instead of one. Although the tragic events occurred half a century ago, they have never appeared in the press, notwithstanding that the older inhabitants remember them distinctly. To-day the cor- respondent was shown an old house iu Greenwich Township, east of this city, to which attached a highly dramatic story. It is a large structure, three stories high, and of quaint architecture. It was erected in the early days of this country, has been untenantcd more than a genoiation, and, it is said, no amount of money could induce a Green- field citizen to stay in it over night. In 1830, when the house was in an unfinished state, but nearly reaay tor occupancy, a party of five men, bent on devilry, took possession and held high revelry until morning. They wore shockingly impious, and deadening their consciences with libations of whisky, brandy, and rum, they cursed God in turn. A Bible was torn up, burned, and the ashes mixed with the fiery beverage. Then the men, lifting high their cups, drank to the confusion of the Christian God and success to the Prince of .Dark- ness and Ruler of Hell. During the dreadful toast a terrible storm sprang up. Lightning blazed from the dark clouds, and a fierce clap of thunder shook the house to its foundations, making the blasphemers pause. Three days after one of thom told the other four that he had had a frightful dream. In the vision he saw himself and comrades as they were three nights before. He saw the sacred book blazing and reduced to carbon, and mingled with the liquor, and he recognised in the _ clap of thunder the voice of God telling the five that 2>unishment was to be visited on each. It is a singular and well-attested fact that a fearful fate befel the participants, and the superstitious of Greenfield regard it as the vengeance of Heaven in fulfilment of that vision. Adam Schober was the first to die. His end was made horrible by delirium tremens, and he raved about everlasting torments and hideous demons with spears. Joseph Neil went next, being drowned in a stagnant pond. The third, Goorge Hodge, perished by the hand of au unknown assassin, who plunged a dagger into his body in the dark. Jonas Sarkin was struck dead on a waggon, and his horses drew the body home. The doom of Peter Fuller wa^ suggestive of his pledge to Satan in the blasphemous bowl. He was imprisoned in a burning building and roasted alive, and his charred bones were gathered from the ruins. For many years the place was believed to be haunted by the spirits of the " Fearful Five," as they were called. It was insisted that upon every anniversary of the unholy orgie their spectres entered the house and went through the Bible burning and drinking scene again, after which each was seized with tho agonies peculiar to the death which overtook him. Twenty-five years ago, when the ovil reputation of the house was at its height Noah W. Lowell, now the Erie agent of the American Express Company, with a party of young and ghost proof companions, determined to dispel the fears of the people by having a dance in the house. They assembled against the advice of the oldest ghost-seers, aud in the middle of a waltz a mighty rush of cold air extinguished the lights. The dancers shrieked and fled, each fearful of being seized by the spirits of the dead men. Most pro- bably a gust of wind put out the lights, but many still believe they had a supernatural warning. 