MULTUM IN PARVO. It is proposed in Spain to start a fleet of ships, representing all maritime nations, from the little port of Palos, in Spain, on 3rd August, 1892, the four hundredth anniversary of the sailing of Columbus, and to have the fleet sail to San Salvador over the route taken by the great discoverer. In size and extent Tashkend covers as much ground as Paris. It is one of the largest towns, not only of Turke stan, but of the whole of Central Asia, wherein the number of its population is said to be equalled only by Bokhara, and its extent by Khokand. It is reported from the fishing grounds in Arranmore Bay, West .Donegal, that large sharks of a most voracious species attacked the fishing boats, and in one case gave battle so desperately that the men had to use all expedition in getting into the safety of shallow water. One boat was nearly sunk, and fishing has been interrupted, few of the men caring to venture out. The substitution of natural gas for coal is proceeding rapidly at Pittsburg, Pa. At present over 1500 dwelling houses, 6G glass factories, 31 rolling mills, and 45 other industrial establish ments are being supplied, and from 3000 to 10,000 tons of coal are daily displaced. In St. Louis on a recent Sunday 40,000 people witnessed a cowboy ex hibition, ‘20.000 attended baseball games, and another 20,000 spent the day in beer gardens. The aggregate attendance in the churches is only 10,000. Cholera lias-swept away 3000 French soldiers in Tonquin this summer, and reinforcements sent thither are only J sufficient to make good the losses by disease. Lobsters are found in immense num bers at a place in Newfoundland bear ing the curious name of “ Seldom- Come- By,” and there is a large canning establishment. As many as 4000 of these Crustacea may be taken in one morning. “ Daniel in the Den of Lions,” that fine picture by Reubens, has just been sent back to Hamilton Palace, and again occupies the place were it had hung for so many years previous to its removal for the great sale. This pic ture was sold to Mr Beckett-Denison for 4900 guineas, and when his collec tions were dispersed it was re-purchased for the Duke of Hamilton for 2300 guineas. The picture and frame were carefully retouched and renovoted when in Mr Beckett-Denison’s posses sion, so that both have been consider ably benefited by their temporary change of ownership. A ghost had great succees in a cer tain neighborhood at Derby, England, recently, until it was arrested, and a matter-of-fact magistrate confiscated the sheet and fined the owner for carry ing concealed deadly weapons. Among the more serious results of the pranks of the spirit—a 16-year-old boy—was the critical illness of an old lady whom he scared nearly out of her wits. A German traveller in Africa, who witnessed a cannibal feast of the Pau hins tribe, says the young women who participated were the most ravenous and gluttonous. They ate incredible quantities of flesh, and at the close of the feast carried off the bones that had not been picked clean. Hunger was not the motive, for they feed every day on antelope and white boar. They prefer the flesh of a white person to that of a negro. A malicious boy created a panic in a Montreal hotel one day last week by thrusting his head into the dining room and calling out, “ Here comes an officer from New York with a war rant.’’ It was several hours before some of the more nervous persons could be persuaded to come out of the woods and return to their meal. “Won’t you sing something, Miss do VereT simpered young Dwadler, sentimentally; “I am always carried away by the inspiration of your heavenly melody.” “If it promises so ■well, in the interest of those present, let me join in the entreaty,” added a rival, meaningly. Mr Dwadler looked his thanks, though he didn’t quite like the other’s tone. A pompous fellow was dining with a country family, when the lady of the house desired the servant to take away the dish containing the fowl, which she pronounced fool, as it is not uncommon to Scotland. “ I presume, madam, you mean the fowl,” said the prig, in a re proving tone. “ Very well,” said the lady a little nettled; “be it so; take away the fowl, and let the fool re main.” Its Purpose.—“Dauvid,” a Scotch character, had a big mouth ornamented with a big tooth in front. Some of his friends wished him to have it removed, but he would not listen to them. He maintained that Providence had some purpose in putting it there, so it did not become him to frustrate that pur pose. One day at a public dinner, a maiden lady of uncertain age and ap pearance, quizzed him about being a bachelor. With the bluntness of those days she said at last, “If it were not for that tooth I might take ye myself.” Looking in his quaint way at her, he quietly replied, “ Providence likely put it there, then, to save me from that fate,” ... An-Inexperienced Critic,—‘My little boy,’ said a gentleman, ‘you ought not to eat those green apples. They are not good for little boys.’ • ‘They hain’f, eh?’ the hoy replied, with bis mouth full. ‘ Guess you don’t know much about ’em, mister. Three of these apples ’ll keep pjQ out of school for a week.’ 