Literary Notes. The project of an English Goethe Society has met with an encouraging measure of support. It aims at promoting the study of Goethe and publishing matter illustrative of his life and works. It will be affiliated with the German Goethe Socioty, and will receive its publications on advan tageous terms. Among the Goethe scholars in Finglnnfl who have already signified their support of the project are Professors John R. Soeley, John Stuart Blackie, Edward Dowdcn, Oscar Browning, Mr. Buchhcim, W. C.Coupland, and T. Lyster. Robert Louis Stevenson will publish immediately, through Longman in London and Scribner in New York, a most curious and striking — not to say startling — story, filling a small volume, under tho title of 'Strange f-aaa of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde.' Without being a ghost story, an Edgar Poe story, or falling under any of the hitherto recognised categories of strange and weird imajrin^Hnrnf ft is likely to furnish the most hardened with a genuine thrill, if not a shiver, by one of the most singnlm- and original conceptions that over entered the mind of even -*»'» writor of tireless fancy. The most curious book in the world is one that is «'»*her written nor printed. Every letter of the text is cut into the leaf, and as the alternate leaves are of blue paper, it is as easily read as the best print. The labour required and tho patience necessary to cut each letter may be imagined. The work is so perfect that it seems as though done by machinery, but every character was mado by hand. The book is entitled ' The Passion of Christ.' It is a veiy old volume, and was a curiosity as long ago as the year 1640. At this timo it belongs to tho family of the Prince de Iagne, and is kept at a museum in Franco. A leading publishing house states that when a manu script is received it is turned over to a ' reader,' who, after examining it carefully, returns it with his opinion as to its merit or lack of merit. If a reader returns a manu script with a strong indorsement, the merits of the work are I considered from a commercial point of view — whether it is likely to sell, how much it will cost for production, &c; . Frequently the manuscript is turned over to a reader, sometimes to a third. If all say, ' This is a strong work ; think it will pay you to publish or woids to that effect, of course their recommendation goes a long way in the question of publication. Tho next work of an autobiographical nhn.wy.fcr fW I likely 'to bo read' is the ' Hayward Correspondence' promised by Mr. John Murray. Mr. Carlisle has finished i sifting the mass of material that has been placed before : him. Letters to and from Mr. Hayward will tell the story of 'the life.' The book, we understand, will be to a large extent political. Further, the volume will also show that, with «11 his persistent labour, the writer, from a monetary point, was not a successful journalist. Rarely at any time of his life did Mr. Hayward earn more £200 a year on journalistic work. j ' During one of my visits to London,' said Mr. Lip pincott, leaning back in his chair one day, ' I called to see Thomas Carlyle, and was told he could be ?found in the British Museum every day between 10 and 2. I went there, and one of the attendants pointed out to me tho place where he was sitting. I approached and found the philosopher i behind a pile of books about two feet high- He was rapidly ! turning over their contents and making notes with a blunt $ pencil. I waited until he raised his head from the (able, and then handed him my card, lie read it without saying a wend, put his notebook in his pocket, seised me by the wrist, and led mo from the reading room down the steps of the museum and around into Oxford-street, until we on'.' to a small chophouse called the Thistle. Entering, Car lyle led me into a little back room, and, summoning a 1 waiter, called for whisky and cigars. I told him £ did not drink whisky, nor smoke, whereupon he expressed great astonishment that an American should not indulge in the two chief products of his country. He said he was sorry £ he was too old to visit America, as he would like to see Niagara and shake Emerson once more by the hand; that he regarded the former as the greatest of God's works on earth, and he looked upon the latter as his literary dis- s I ciple. Ho talked for an hour, and said that America would i | never have a literature of her own until the blade flag was [ drawn down from American publishing houses. f t ? ? i i 