Ai'sthat.un Cup Dat. (BT "T1IH WOVICB.1') To-day tho 23rd Australian Cup will bo run at Flemingtou, under tho auspices of the Victoria Racing Club. Tho first cup was won by Mr. Harper's Bnrwou, the distance, two and a quarter miles, being done iu 4 mius. 27 sees. With tho exception of tho following yesir when Nathalie won in 4 mius. 38 sees.,this time is tho worst tip to tho presont timo. In ISS2 Pollio oclipsed nil other winners by accomplishing the dis tance in i mius. OJ sees. This year it remains for MaltiA, Sheet Anchor/Grace Darling and such liko flyers to beat the fastest record. Great interest has been taken iu this event, tho piece do resistance of tho second day's autumu meeting, for some months past. The bookmr.kors have beau kopfc busy booking wages, both in singlos aud in doubles. Iu the latter, however, they are likely to bo " struck," for they laid William Tell, the winuer of the Newmarket Handicap on Satur day, with about eight or nine of tho favorites for to-, day's cup. Jn all 24 horses are left in, but it improbable that leas than 510 will face Mr. Watsou at tho post. Mnlua carries top weight—l)st 9lbs—whilst Yellow Hammer is at tho limit, with Cat. Of tho. former sUlficiout is known, And although he was unable to catch William Tell in the Ituudicnp on Saturday, lie may shine bottcfrat the longordistance. Shoct Anchor Oarrios Qst 3lbs, but. from his training I should imagine that he is beiug reserved for the Champiou on Satur day. SardiuH and Grace Darling look well upon )>aper, and should the latter bo in good fettle sho will no doubt run well forward, as her running in the last Mel bourne Cup waa a good criterion of her staying powers. Mozart's downfall in the Newmarket Handicap should almost knock him out of thisevout, whilst Matchlock's win in the St. Leger Stakes should gain for him several supporters. Sandal: at 7st- 7lbs, and Winchester one 1 pound less, bavo proved good performers already this meeting. The Israelite has boon installed first favorito atG to 2, on account of his ruunitig on Saturday. His followers are to ry confident of his success. Of those also backed are—Miuervn, a dangerous horse, at8 to 1; and Sandal, 5 to 1, Under 7st weight the mostimporlaut are—Cerise nnd Blue, llomus, Atflueuce, First Prince and Ditto, aud a deal of money has been staked upon the three latter. With such a fiuo field.of racers it is almost a difficult matter to hazard an opinion, but I venture to place them thus :—Miuerva, 1} Malua.il; Tho Israelite, 3. Best outsider, Ditto. Sinco the abovo was written Matchlock has come in to the market with a rush, and all the available money down to 8 to I has been tukeu. Shoot Anchor lias been knocked out of tho betting, and has beeu inquired for for tho Champion. It is probable that 18 will face tho starter for the Cup raco. The Corinthan Cup, tho first race of the day, has a Hold of over twenty-Are horses, aud should result in St. Odillo or Silvermino winning, with The Ghost close up. There aro a dozeu youngsters eugaged iu the Sires' Produce Stakes, nnd I will place them thus—Phillip. Augustus, 1; Mtmwyrtiua, 2; Maddolina, 3, Thonoxt race, the Australian Cup, has already been dealt with. Tho Hurdle Raco should bo a good thin? for Insol vent, Scobio up, and iu tny opinion those likely to 'rivo him trouble are Drummer and Waverley. As usual the Steeplechase is a very open event. Amougst tho lint of horses appears Trumpeter, Lady Ashton, Hob Cooper, Native, Wymlet, Pride and Studley, in the heavy weights; and Sailor, Hard Times and Patchwork in the lesser weight division. Of this number I have a strong fancy for Pride, and will tip Pride, 1; Wymle., Sailor or Hard Times, 3. Thero is an immense tield for tho Bourko Handicap. William Toll heads,tho list of weights with9st Dlhs. Silvermine, who ran second to him in tho Newmarket Handicap, has Sat 31bs, whilst Napier, who ran third, carries 8st 51bs. Solo looks a good thiuir on paper at 8st "Jibs, and should run well forward should a good start be effected. St. Odille is also lightly treated, but Mozart should do something in such a short distance. In conclusion I venture to go for—Mozart, 1; Napior, 2; Solo, 3. The following are the probable starters and riders for the Australian CunMalua, G yrs, Oat 91bs, A. Robertsou; 'Sheet Anchor, aged, Ost 31bs, —; Sardius, 5 yrs, Sst 131bs, Wynmu; 'Grace Darling, 6 yre, 8st lllbs,-; Mozart, 1 yrs, &<t 51b.-*, Fiddcs; 'Off Color, 5 yrs, 8st libs, Moore; Moondhce, -i yrs, 8st Slbs, M'Grade; 'Silver King, 1 yrs, 8st, —; Liverpool, t yrs, 7st lolbs, Derritt; 'Don Quixote, aged, 7st 121bs, Yates; Minerva, 5 yr«, 7st lllbs, Gough; Matchlock, 3 yrs, 7tft 01 bs. Hales; Plausible,,6 jra, 7st71bs, Rammagc; Sandal, 1 yrs, 7st 71bs, Hutchius; Winchester, 3 yrs, 7st Gibs, Power; Stornoway, 1 yrs; 7st Mbs, Sanders; The Israelite, aged, 7st 41b.«, M. O'Brien; Cerise and Blue, 4 yrs, fist Kill*, Gorry; Kftmun, 3 yrs, fist lllbs, T. Brown; Aflluence, 3 yrs, fist 81bs, Orackuell; *Koh:ii( 3 >rs, t'St 81bi, S. Davis; First Prince, 3 yrs, fist 21bs, rknnagan; Ditto, 5 yre, Cst 21bs, William*; Yellow Hammer, o yrs, . * Doubtful starters. CRICKET. A special meeting of tho juuior cup committee was held at the donors' room, llath Corner, ou Monday evening. All the clubs were represented; Mr Birch dolt in the chair. A protest was lodged by theC.ipulets against the action of the Eaglehnwk Juniors playiug a man Harvey, ho havine played with a senior club this reason. After considerable discussion the protest wr.s withdrawn, the match to proceed as it stands. It was moved by Mr Johns, and seconded by Mr Grellis, that the disqualification of Messrs Stephenson, M'Gregor, and O'Donahoo be removed. An amendment was moved by Mr Boweu, seconded by Mr Stean aud carried, that tho decision arrived at by the cup co mittco previously remain unaltered. It was resolved that the cup committee select 15 players from the clubs that nominated for the junior cup competition only, to compete with the B.U.C. 1st eleven ou 27th iu*t. The match Golden-square Juniors v. London re sulted in a draw greatly in favor of the Juniors. The London went in, and made 60, James II ami Huston 18 batting well. The juniors at tho call of time b;id lost three wickers foro7. Frost 12, not out, and Andrews 10 not out, battiug well. Frost, 3 for 6, and Hayes 3 for 2t, bowled well for the Square, and Blandy and Jamos bowled best for the London, P1GEOX SilOOTJ^G. Sakdiiukst Gi:.v Club. A meeting of tho above club took place yesterday afternoon at tho Sydenham Gardens. There was a fair attendance present. The club's trophy for firrft- class shots fell to Mr, Jones,aud Mr. C. Edwards won the prize for second- class shots. The following are the scores Burns, 011110 4 Phelvn, 111111011 8 •Jones, 1UU1111 0 Pascoe, 100 ... ... ... 1 Arblaster, 0111110 .. ... ... 5 Ties for saeond placo. *Conv7(iv, It) ... ... ... ... 1 rwian.il 2 Srcoxi) Class Titorirr. Marshall, GO 0 Walsh, 11O110100 5 C. Edwards, 001111001... C Higlimore, 1160100 ... ... ... 3 Tippett, 00 0 Ogilvie, 00101110 4 Cook, 100010 2 Several sweepstake* were bhot forj'the principal one was won by Mr. Arblaster, who shot the whole of his birds. ATHLETICS. Hu.^tKKr Sponrs. These sports will be held on St. Patrick's Day. The programme consists of Miiokcrry Handicap, 120, 2^'j and -too yards *, Handicap Hurdle Race 2,.*J y;"rds, si* hi.rdles ; Hack Race, one mile and a half; uud several other races. CYCLING. The monthly inciting r,f the KamLJcrs' Chib will fake place to-ni^ht instead of to-morrow, it the Metropolitan Hotel. 