MR. LABOUCHERE AND THE HOUSE OF LORDS. On Friday, 12th March, Mr. Labouchere, M.P. for Northampton, introduced in the Souse of Commons a motion for the abolition of the House of Lords, in the following terms :— “That, in the opinion of this House, it is inconsistent with the principles of representa tive government that any member of either House of the legislature should derive his title to legislate by virtue of hereditary descent.” The hon. member supported his motion in a very able and amusing speech, which is briefly reported as follows in the London papers :— The House of Lords was powerless for good, but it was powerful for evil. It was absurd, he said, to suppose that any class wou'd legislate for any other class than them selves. It was supposed that the noble lords were independent, hut so far from that being a fact, he contended that a more self-seeking body of men did m>t exist in the Kingdom. An ideal House of Lords ought to be free from every species of partisanship. It ought to interfere when partisanship went too far, so as to balance the parties in the House of Commons. Was that the ease in the Hr.use of Lords ? lie thought, there was no more; partisan assemoly in the country than the House of Lords. There was not a single Radical there (hear, hear), and even Liberalism drooped in that house (Ministerial cheers). The leader of the Conservative party in the House of Commons had the House of Lords in his pocket, and that was what he com plained of. His motion did not go so far as to say there should be only one chamber, although he might quote the late Lord Beaconslield’s opinion in favour of a single house. His lordship said :—“Nobody wants a second chamber except a few disreputable persons. (Laughter.) It is a valuable in stitution for any member who has no distinctive character or talents.” (Laughter, and cries of “ When did he say that ?”) These opinions were to he found in one of his early works, but he did not know that the late earl ever changed Lis opinion on that subject. (Laughter.) Mr. Labouchere denied that the second chamber was as in nocuous as some supposed, for it was power ful for evil. (Radical cheers.) It did not follow that because a man was clever his son would also be clever ; and in this country they proceeded on a wrong principle all together with regard to hereditary legislators. The best cine for admirers of the House of Lords was to visit that chamber when it was sitting and a great debate was on. They would sec one peer speaking to half a dozen others, who wmuld sit till near dinner hour, and then vanish like ghosts. (Laughter.) He admitted that there were able men in the House of Lords, but that did not make it an able house, no more than Africa could be said to be inhabited by white men because a few Albinos were there. (Laughter.) It was sometimes said that the House of Lords was recruited from the nation. Some of them were politicians, but others had been bores and nuisances in the House of Com mons, and who had been kicked up- stairs. (Laughter.) Rut most of the Upper House were raised because they were rich men, and he took one of the latest instances, Sir H. Allsopp. He brewed beer (laughter), and made a fortune ; but no one would say he had distinguished himself politically. He (Mr. Labouchere) had no objection to anyone being made a baronet, because it seemed to him almost cruelty to animals to refuse any body a baronetcy who asked for it. (Laughter.) He would just as soon think of refusing a thistle to a needy and hungry donkey. (Laughter.) But he did object to such a man being made a legislator. If Sir H. Allsopp had a son, he would in due course go to the Upper House ; but when he got there, would he allude to the paternal butt? (Laughter.) Would he not forget the respectable vendor of intoxicating liquors, and only be the descendant of the Plantagenet kings, as it was said he was ? (Great laughter.) They had heard about the Irish Land League, but could there be a more pernicious Land League than the House of Lords ? (Radical and Irish cheers.) A more self-seeking body of men did not exist. They sought honours, and when the Ministry was changed they fought for places. Some got a sum of money for looking after the Queen’s dogs, another for looking after the Queen’s horses, another after the Queen’s footmen. (Laughter.) He believed the only persons in the House of Commons who know their own minds were the Radicals. Demo crat and Radical were convertible terms. Democracy recognised no class distinction ; it recognised no hereditary legislators, and it regarded a house of heritary landlords, claiming the right to overthrow any judg ment come to by the representatives of the people, as a baneful and pernicious institution. (Radical cheers). lhe debate which followed Mr. Labou chere’s speech was terminated by Mr. Glad stone, who, while opposing the motion, said that the nation had much to complain of in the legislative action of the House of Lords, and admitted that a point had been reached when many members thought there ought to be a reform of that House. The tone of Mr. Gladstone’s speech was unfavourable to the Upper House, and foreshadowed a coming change in the constitution of that assembly. The division which followed Mr. Gladstone’s speech was ominous enough for the Peers. The numbers were—for Mr. Labouchore’s motion, 1G6 ; against it, 202 ; majority for the Peers, 86. The result was received with loud cheers by the Radicals and the Irish Nationalists ; and Mr. T. P. O’Connor ex claimed—“ The writing on the wall ! ” The majority, including tellers, opposing Mr. Labouchere’s motion, was composed of 149 Conservatives, 54 Liberals, and one Inde pendent—the lion. W. J. Fitzwilliam. Of the Liberals in this lobby, nineteen—including Mr. Gladstone, Sir W. V, Hareourt, Mr. Childers, Mr. Mundella, Mr. Trevelyan, Lord Kilcoursie, and Hon. C. R. Spencer—are mem bers of the Government ; while among the Independent Ministerialists were Lord E. Cavendish, Sir John Lubbock, Sir J. St. Aubyn, Sir J. W. Pease, Sir T. D. Acland. Hon. E. B. Portman, Hon. H. 11. Brand, Colonel West, and Mr. G. 0. Morgan. The minority was composed of 57 Parnellites and 111 Liberals, four of whom are sons of peers —viz., Hon. R. P. Bruce, Hon. B. Coleridge, Lord W. Compton, Hon. W. James, and Viscount Wolmer. Sir E. Grey, also con nected with the peerage, was in this lobby. The following members of the Government took no part in the division :—Mr. Chamber lain, Mr. Broadhurst, Mr. John Morley, Mr. Charles Russell, Mr. Codings, Mr. Campbell Bannerman, Mr. Flower, Mr. Henry Fowler, Sir U. Kay-Shuttleworth, Mr. Woodall, Mr. Herbert Gladstone, Mr. Hibbert, and Mr. Mel lor. The Lords will do well to look to it and set their house in order without delay. The nation will not much longer tolerate their obstruction. Hitherto they have always and uniformly opposed every popular measure passed by the House of Commons. They yield only when the indignation of the people shows the danger of further resistance ; and even when they do yield, they generally manage to mutilate the bill over which the 1 dis. ing>. . .. — the esumate of £32,000, for the maintenance and repair of royal palaces, Mr. Labouchere moved its reduction by £8,274 with respect to a number of items to which he objected. The Queen’s civil list is supposed to amount to £385,000. In reality it is £500,203, for, excluding the cost of maintaining the royal parks, which is £112,952 yearly, the nation has to pay for a whole host of palaces and mansions, which are used by the Sovereign for whatever purpose she pleases. The pnr pose she likes best is to turn them into alms houses for poor German relations. Another grievance to which Mr. Labourchcre drew at tention, is the large sum spent upon Bucking ham Palace—that enormous and useless bar rack, which is visited by the Queen only about twice a year. Then the workers are asked to pay for a royal mews at Pimlico, where a hundred horses belonging to the royal service are stabled, with 230 servants. What royal service ? The Queen is practi cally never in London. She is generally in Scotland or the isle of Wight, and of course she has horses in those places. Then who employs the army of 230 servants domiciled there ? It it the Prince of Wales, or is there some mystery about the matter ? The people are actually called upon to pay a portion of the rent of Clarence House, the residence of the Duke of Edinburgh, who receives £25,000 a-year from the nation, and for the fuel bur ned in Kensington Palace, which the Queen lets out in apartments to her favourites. When the house went to a division only 25 members supported Mr. Labouchere’s amend ment, against 240 Whigs and Tories who voted on the other side. Air. Labouchere was, however, more successful with his next motion, which was to reduce the sum of £112,619, paid for the maintenance of royal parks and pleasure grounds by £50,403, the cost of the three so (.‘ailed royal parks in London—Hyde-park, St. James’s-park, and the Green-park. Mr. Labouchere, however, carried a majority of the Committee with him —131 to 114 : so that unless the Government can induce the house to reverse their decision on the stage of report, a special bill will have to be introduced to moot the case. There was much jubilation on the Radical benches when the result became known.” This is a first blow struck at the lavish ex penditure of the money of the over-burdened taxpayers of the nation. The amount of money spent on royalty, on the aristocracy, on sinecures and pensions is a scandal in a nation in which there is such a vast amount of pauperism, and at a time when trade de pression and consecpient distress are so wide spread. We may look for radical changes in the privileges of the feudalism which still weighs so heavy on the people of the Three Kingdoms. 