OUR LOCAL CHURaCHES TnUMB.!NAI.L SETC?HES. No. 1.-91. GEORGE'S PRESBYTERIAN, EAST. ST. HILDA. "They have taken away my Lord, and I know not where they have laid him." This quotation formed a part of a,lotter addressed to one of tho omlcers of the above church by one of its moenbers, who desired to relinquish his esat holdership. This gentleman, I am told, was a strong partisan of the Ryev. Rentoul's, and he, feeling annoyed at the action of the sessign, took up his books and de parted; but, I have since learned from good authority, that thisI is not the true cause, and as 'soewanon-asuignot induced me to visit at. 'eorgos I see for myself. if such worda would bear that natruction, I think the true explanation of that ique specimen of the letter.writer's companion uld be made ptblio, for many garbled accounts spread abroadi and even found a plaeo in the mns of one ofiour leading weekly newspapers, h even went so far as to credit the Rev: Rentoul e lord, who was taken away. But how any in their sane Imomonts could conceive such blasphemy ib beyond my ken altogether. pears, so my friend informs me, that the eman had chimpioned what he considered to o rights of the retiring pastor, but seeing that as in the minority, he was willing to settle as a peaceful member, under the ministry of o. the Ohurch were most desirous of giving pointment to. The choice fell on the Rov. J. n Maokie ' well, all went on smoothly for a bbathe, when" ourrespected Onesimus beaome \--Christ, sorrow for sin, pardon and justifl the witnees of the Spirit, etc.-all thoes ale of Christian doctrine were laid aside, and, says, "nice little moral essays were given in This was too much, so he sent a note, lag that he could not remain a so tholder hrist was not prominently kept in the fore and thon closed with the quotation given This was construed into a meaning not d; but Ii think I have given a correct of the whole affair, and if I have erred, I am to make the amends honorable. I am sorry is introduction has been of ench a lengtlhy r, it will, however, not be necessary in ketches. corges' has rather a peculiar external nee, but when entering from the spacious e to the interior, the eye rests with plea \- well-cushioned pews, a handsome oraon, and a thoughtful; inlelligent congregation, and it is a very!pleasing (sign to see eso large a proportion composed of young people. It is also very satis factory to note the kind and obliging manner the officers usher strangers into vacant seats, and try their utmost tolmake the visitor feel at home in God's sanootuary.'. If there is one thing that will I draw a large congregation, next to a popular divine, it is good singing, and there can be no questioe, but it is splendidly conducted under slr. Julius Herz, and will greatly tend to make this church an attractive one to the casual visitor; but it would be a consolitary thought to those who are desirous of seeing the world won to Christ, if the means .sed for drawing the outside world to this place of worship, by the power of an excellent choir, were utilised to preach the gospel as John the Baptist, and Peter and Paul did, with power and the Holy Ghost, not shrinking from boldly declaring that " 0 hrist Jesus came into the world to save sinners." But, alas I it is Iwith feelings of great pain I have to record the fact that it is not done in this church to the extent I would like to see it. It is true, M~r. Mafckie speaks sometimes (for I have heard him on several occasions), in a very plain manner to his people, but it has always been of their meoral obligations, not i" Come unto me and be ye saved," " Iepent for the kingdom of heaven is at hand," or " God so loved the world that He gave his only begotten Son, that whosoever believeth c:ay be saved." I never heard Mr. Maokie ring out the gospel bell like that; and it is very sad when one thinks of the amount of sin and wickedness that is around us, and that perhaps some poor soul has been attracted to this place of worship by hearing tbhe'soud of a well-known hymn, he or she sangin their youth, and are allowed to leave God's temple without a tender and affectionate invitation to enter his banqueting: house, and that occasion may be thelast chance they had. "Son.of man, I have made thee a watchman unto the house of Israel. When I say unto the wicked, thou shalt slrely die,, and thou givest him not warning, nor speakeest to' warn the wicked from his wicked way, to save his life, the same wicked man shall die in his iniquity, but his blood will I require at thine hand." I trust; the rev. genitleman, for whom I have the greatest respect, will plter his mode of preachiog, andt remember, that " time is short," and people are hastening intoleternity, and that it behoves him to preaoh the gospel of Christ, and to do this it is necessary to be imbued with the Spirit of God; and to get into that state, it is necessary to live near to God by constant prayer and faith. I do not know whether MSr Mackie is what is termed a "good visitor," or not, but I know that he is very attentive to the sick, and that he is a gentld? man of culture, and to be in his society and enjoy his conversation is a treat that any person of education can highly appreciate, but " One thing thou lackest."r DANIEL THE SEER. 