A SUCCESSFUL RUSE. "I hope, my dear, you won't object, to John's folks," said the bride, timidly, ooking P into her husband's face. "John's folk's !" repeated the tall, black- in eyed young man, who had just now been E made happy, and was sitting beside M1rs Frederick Fane, in the railway train, steam- cc ing toward Owl Mountain. "Not in the si least, my love. Why should I object to nI them 1" "Oh, I don't know !" said Mrs Fane. tr " Some people do, you know. But, of course, it seems hard to turn them out after all these m years, and----" "Stop half a minute, my dear," said Mr h Fane. "I'm not certain that I understand w you. Who are John's folks ? and who, if I may take the liberty to ask, is John T' tl Mrs Fane turned pink, and looked hesita- wv tingly down :t her lace-bordered pocket-hand- o: kerchief as if uncertain whether a tear or two jc would not be appropriate. s1 "Oh, Fred," said she, "what a question ! b Just think a minute. And, of course they always expected to have a home with me !" s " Oh !" said Mr Fane, making up his lips p into a whistling position, as he remembered that Mrs Fane's first husband had been named I John Quincy Adams Larkins. "Yes o I comprehend. Are there many of 'em my g dear " o "Well," hesitated Lilias, again colouring, fi "there's John's stepfather-a dear old gen- p tleman, but a little peculiar. He's an escaped o Mormon " " A--what "' said Mr Fane. r "A Mormon," explained the bride. " He s joined the community, and then he didn't like them as well as he thought he should, c so he ran away and married John's a mothFr. And after she died nothing could induce him to leave the scenes endeared by f her presence." "Ah C' remarked Fane. "A sentimental old party." I "lHe's very agreeable," added Lilias, "if only you let him have his own way in every- I thing." " Do you know, my dear, that is a charac teristic which I have observed in others ?" gravely remarked Mr Fant. "Then there is Aunt Grace," went on Lilias. She is an excellent house keeper- 1 in fact is cleaning nearly all the time. It does get a little uncomfortable now and then, but it's Aunt Grace's way, so I put up with it. And John's two sisters \- Dorcas and Keturah - are watercure people. They like the place because there is a cascade at the back and a river close by." " Ah !" said Mr Fane. "And CousinFerdinand-thlat'sall!" added Lilia.?. with a sigh of relief. " That's all, eh T' saird the bridegrnom. "Cousin Ferdinand is very agreeable," said Lilias. " He's waiting " Waiting r' echoed Mr Fane "For the millennium," explained Lilias. "He's been waiting these many years." "Oh !" said iMr Fane. " He's crazy, eh I" "Well," confessed Lilias, "he is a little peculiar; but we're used to it, and don't notice it now." "And are these people all to live with us? asked Mr Fane, a little gloomily. "If you don't object," said Liliasl, timidly. "Not in the least, my darling," said the young husband. "Your will is law to me. " "So kind of you, dear !" said Mrs Fane, apparently much relieved. And then the train stopped at Owl Mountain station, and the young pair got out. But during the long drive to Laurel Farm -Larkin Farm it had been when Lilias first come there, but she adopted the more eupho nious name--Mr Fane turned over matters in h's mind. His mother-a shrewd old prophetess of evil' -h~ald warned him that he couldn't expect to marry a rich young widow, who was pretty aad attractive into the bargain, without s me quid pro quo ef.annoyance or trouble to balance his bliss. And here it was, the first thiing. Not the ghost of the dear, departed Larkins-that he thought hlie could have endured-but five substantial bequests fastened to the old farm like limpets to a rock, barnacles to the hull tl of aship. And Lilias evidently expected him n( to adopt them into his affections, and tolerate at their various eccentricities, even as she had done. Lilias was such a pretty, dove-eyed, cl confiding little thing! She should not be tormented, at all events, he resolved. If fi' "Jolhn's folks' were to be met and conquered w in a single combat, he would do it alone. ki And so he leoked down with a smile on her innocent face, and replied pleasantly to F her timidly-hazarded observations, studiously fe veiling the current of his thoughts ; for, as a they neared the old home, Lilias was evi dently growing nervous. It was a fine old brick house, as Mr Fane could see in the cold December moonlight, sl surrounded with alternate rows of leafless maples and evergreens, with lights gleaming w from all the windows, and 'John's folks' were all assembled at the door to welcome the new married couple. First and foremost stood the " Escaped Mormon"-a tall, vener able gentleman, with a flowing beard and a " suit of pepper-and-salt, with red necktie and turnover collar. ai " Welcome, my children, welcome," said li this venerable relic of the past, with an air e as patronising as if the whole house belonged m to him. "I shall use my every effort to a] make your stay at Laurel Farm agreeable. rm You're a little late"-glancing reproachfully G at the clock-" and I am afraid the roast cA fowls will be spoiled. It always disagrees F with me to eat over-done poultry; but of course this will not happen again. " Oh, no, indeed, papa," said Lilias eagerly. w Aunt Grace stood in the background-a d( grim, bony female-with her face tied up in her hankerchief,-and a dress of badly-dyed in merino stuff made in the most outlandish cl fashion. . l ' You will have to sleep in the garret ei chamber to night, Lilias," she said, gloomily. ai "I've had yours whitewashed and cleaned, hi and it ain't dry yet." "But it was calcimined only last fall, Aunt Grace," said Lilias, piteously. m " I can't help that," said Aunt Grace, with ni a sniffle. '- Cleanliness is next to godliness, and I ain't one to live in dirt. You wouldn't ask me or your step-pa to turn out of our rooms, would you 7T sl " Oh, no, no !" cried Lilias eagerly. Dorcas and Keturah sat knitting on either fc side of the fire, evidently in a very ill humor. al " We'were invited to tea to Miss Deacon m Plumbago's to-night," said Dorcas. "And the train's late, and we sha'n't be in time to go there now," moodily added Keturah. " But some folks don't care how they in convenience other folks," said Dorcas, as a she extended a flabby, mittoned hand at her D new brother- in-law without looking at him. "I am very sorry," pleaded Lilias, with a troubled face. i " Well, then, Grace," said the millennium ci man-a stout, rubicund little fellow, with a c( red nose and hair as white as silver-" let us have supper served at once. What are we waiting for ' aL -Mr and Mrs Fane were compelled to seat themselves without loss of time at the table, t without an opportunity to remove the dust of travel or to refresh themselves after their journey. Mr Fane had indeed ventured to s' say something about towels and fresh water, h but Lilias whispered- ' " ever mind just now, dear. Pa will be a so put out, and Grace and Keturah like d punctuality. For this once, do oblige me!" c Mr Fane looked around in some surprise. Here were he and Lilias, the rightful owners c of the house, placed in the position of second s guests of no great importance one way or the t other, while "pa," Aunt Grace, the resent- - ful sisters, and the millennium reigned su preme, and Lilias hardly dared to express an r opinion of her own in their presence. But he made no comment, to Lilias's great relief, and endured everything with the serenity of an Aristotle. r Early next morning he descended into the s cellar where Aunt Grace was skimming milk and looked sharply about him. "My dear Aunt Grace," said he, cheer fully, "will it inconvenience you if I use some of these shelves for my chemicals T' "Your-what :' said Aunt Grace, drop ping her cream spoon in amazemeut. " I intend to use this cellar as a labora tory," said Mr Fane; " and as some of the chemicals are explosive-" " I -I had better move the pans out to the spring house," gasped Aunt Grace. "But Dorcas and Keturah are very timid, and-" " In that case," said Mr Fane, " perhaps they had better remove themselves to the spring house too. I really cannot exist with out my scientific studies. i Anlt Grace sat down and thought it over. Was slhi, after having lived for sixty-odd years in peace and quietness, to be blown up > like a torpedo at last ? There was Cousin York out West. It wou'd not, perhaps, be such a comfortable home as this, but there would )be no chemicals. I Mr Iogle, the recreant Mormon, was cozily reading the paper by the fire when his stepson's successor blandly requested him to move a little. 'Move,' said Mr Bogle, dropping his glasses. ' Where ? and what for ' ' I am endeavouring to attach electric Swires here,' said Mr Fane. 'I am getting " up a small battery to assist in my chemical s experiments.' t ' Chemical experiments! Here! cried the ex-Mormon. ' But I dislike chemistry, and ? I dont approve of electricity. In my opinion it is a trifling with the gift of Providence.' ' Electro- chemistry is a wonderful agent,' 1 serenely remarked the bridegroom. ' I am 0 thinking of charging all the boards of the door with electricity, in order to observe the , effect produced by the footsteps of different e members of the family. "Sir !" cried Mr Bogle, involuntarily lift I ing his feet upon the round of his chair. " I i will not tolerate it! I-I am no lamp, to be ;lighted by electricity, or a battery to be S-charged !" " My dear sir," said the bridegroom, "in less than three days I shall have made a ! convert of you." y "Never," roared Mr Larkin's stepfather. it In the meantime, Cousin Ferdinand was Le dubiously eying a pair of superb bloodhounds which were clhained up in the stable. ce '- I don't like dogs,' said cousia Ferdinand;. ie "and I always used this particela. stall for me my pony Grub." " I have ordered Grub to be changed into the stall beyond," said Mr Fane. " And you need not be afraid of Star and Planet; they are chained carefully." " But suppose they should break their chains I" croaked Cousin Ferdinand. "In that case your life would notbe worth five minutes' purchase," said Fane. "But my wife and I. are very fond of the dogs; they know us." "I'll leave the house !" roared Cousin Ferdinand, retreating as far as the barnyard fence would permit him. "I won't be m ide a martyr to hydrophobia !" "Pray reconsider your determination," said Mr Facre, politely. But Cousin Ferdiinand was away like a shot. Lilias came to her husband that evening with flushed cheeks and brilliant eyes. "Fred," she cried, "they're going !" " Who are going, pet 1" he asked. "John's folks-to-morrow morning." "Impossible !" said Mr Fane, tragically. " How should we ever live without them I" "Every one of themn," whispered Lilias; and, oh, I am so glad ! Because they had lived here so long that they had become exacting and cross. I didn't observe it so much in the old times, but it seems more apparent now, and I think we shall be so much happier by ourselves. You see, Aunt Grace and the girls are afraid of your chemi cals, and pa don't like electricity, and Cousin Ferdinand has a horror of dogs." " I am very sorry,"said Mr Fane, solemnly. "Fred," cried the bride, quickly looking up with a sudden light in her eyes, " you have done it on purpose !" " Done what ?" said the bridegroom, innocently. " Wasn't I always an amateur chemist and electrician I And are not Star and Planet my inseparable companions wher ever I go I How can I help it, if my tastes are antipathetic to those of your deceased husband's relatives I" But Lilias shook her head and laughed. "Fred," said she, '` I have penetrated your mystery. But I shall not scold you, for it is nice to have the house all to ourselves !" " So you will not mourn hopelessly for " John's folks I" said Fred, mischievously. "No," said Mrs Fane, "I do not think I shall." For it was as she had said-" John's folks," had become chronic, and people are always glad to be relieved of a chronic ail ment. 