OLD ENGLISH CUSTOMS AND FOLK-'LOR15. FRv IiVtftwI IL— GOOD AND BAD LUCK. ideas winch prevail in the present day concerning 'lucky' and 'unlucky' things occupy a Bort of borderland be tween the natural and the sunarnataral. xne modern man ot business who talks of having had 'a stroke of good luck' probably intends by the saying nothing more than that various fortunate circum stances have combined to favour his inte rests. If ' unlucky,' circumstances, he concludes, have gone against him. In neither case does he suppose that the unseen powers hays had anything to do with it. But this matter-of-fact philos ophy of the fortunes of life ia of very recent growth. In hundreds of homes in England to this day there is a rusty horse Bhoe nailed to the doorpost, or a string of ' holy - stones,' ' lucky - atones,' or 'hag-stones,' as they ate indiffe rently called, still hanging behind the door. The old people whe half a century ago nailed many of these potent spells up to ward off disaster had a firm belief in their efficacy. The younger folk have left them undisturbed, think ing, in a half -superstitious way, it waa better to let well alone. Or they have followed the example of their elders from ei sort of vague notion that there was ssome sort of good luck in these old fashioned symbols, and therefore to hang them up would do no harm, and secure whatever advantage there might be in them. Modern ideas of luck are almost synonymous with chance, but to man in his primitive condition good and evil fortune came direct from some form of spiritual intervention. He was imme iiately subject to the pleasure or displea sure of the gods, the manes of his ances tors, the elves that haunted woods, glens, ind caves, and, what was perhaps most dreaded, human beings possessed of 3ome evil spirit by which they could use all the powers of the devil against those who displeased them. With the world crowded with such spiritual agents intent upon interfering with human action, it was natural that the excited imagina tion Bhould see in every unusual circum stance or remarkable coincidence examples rf direct spiritual intervention* These accurrences would soon become classified into good and evil omena/and these again prould give rise to 'lucky' and 'un- lucky' distinctions with regard to certain jbjects or methods of work which have developed in most countries into an elabo rate wealth of folk-lore touching every ispect of life. Ideas of luck represent spiritual conceptions in their simplest and most generalized form, and therefore- we find them as universal as man himself, md having the longest survival of any of tris superstitions. Most nations have come to regard- cer tain parts [of the year aa either fortunate jr otherwise. This distinction was so ? far recognised among the Romans that the Calendar was divided into cdbi dies and itri dies, marked in the Calendar by white md black letters, representing lucky and unlucky days respectively. The month of May has been very generally considered m unlucky month. Old people -will insist upon drowning all May kittens, aa it is popularly thought that they are in some way possessed, and if allowed to live they, will forsake their proper vocation of latching rats and mice, and: suck the breath of children. A May 'baby, it is said, willhe a sickly child, and will die before reaching maturity. It is also unlucky to marry in bhe month of May, and.it is still very Dften the case in England that nuptials are either hastened or deferred to escape the ill chances of a May marriage. This superstition is as oldas Ovid, who refers to it hi hifl ' Fasti' a quotation from which (* ' Mense mdlas Maid' nubere vulgus oii'), embodying the popular Buperstition in the matter, was found written on the gate3 of Holyrood Palace on the morning after the marriage of the ill-fated Mary Queen of Scots to Both weJl, which took place on May 16. The 01 distinction which belongs to this beau tiful spring month evidently dates from pre-Christian times, and probably arose in connection with the Lemures, or feaats of ghosts and spectreH, which formed the principal festival of the month. From some unknown reason Friday has been from time immemorial considered an unlucky day, a belief common to many of the European countries as well as Eng land. Few sailors care to begin a voyage on a Friday. Landsmen will not begin any new job of work, or undertake any serious journey, or remove from one house to another on a Friday. In the North of England, even at the present day, perhaps the majority of the working classes are influenced by these considera tions, and it is a common saying amongst them — . A Friday's flit . Is a short sit. ? In Lancashire the rule is made to apply to lovers. No man must go a-courting on a Friday. If caught paying amorous attentions to his lady-love he is drummed with pokers and tin pans until he supplies money for a drink to appease his tormen tors. A lady in Haltwhistle, Northum berland, informed me that it was a belief in those parts that if an article of dress be begun on a Saturday the person who wears it will not live long. In an old calendar in Graf ton's Chronicle (a.d. 1565) there are no less than twenty-seven days of the year marked as 'unlucky' and thirty-four as 'very unlucky,' or sixty-one in all. An interesting illustra tion of how some days may come to be considered unlucky is given in Sir John Sinclair's ' Statistical Account of Scot land' (1793). He says— 'No gentleman of the name of Sinclair, either in Canisby or throughout Caithness, will put on green apparel or think of crossing the Ord upon a Monday. They were dressed in green, and they crossed the Ord upon a Monday on their way to the battle of Flodden, where they fought and fell in the service of their country almost without leaving a representative of their name behind them. The day and the dress are accordingly regarded as inauspicious. If the Ord must be got beyond on Monday the journey is performed by sea.' It is an almost universal belief that it is more lucky to travel from east to west — from right to left— following the course of the sun than the contrary. This preju dice is to be found in almost every country, and interwoven with most creedB. The monks of certain Buddhist sects use a kind of praying machine. To save the trouble of repeating many prayers the would-be saint writes his prayera on a cylinder which ia provided with a crank, so as to be capable of revolving, each revolu tion counting for a round of prayers, and the more prayers, or, in other words, the more revolutions of the machine, the more merit will a«toue to the operator. But the devotee must take eare always to turn his machine from, rjghc to left, and is assiduously watckful lest some other person should give it a reverse turn, which would undo all his meritorious work. The Mohammedan pilgrim in marching round the Kaaba, the most sacred build ing in Mecca, and consequently to the Mussulman the holiest place on earth, must follow the same direction. The pea santry of Scotland and Ireland have been accustomed from time immemorial to begin and end their journeys and important ceremonies by a turn the right way round. To pursue an opposite course, especially by marching backwards round a house or a Church and reciting the creed or prayers, is called ' withershins' (widder shins), and implies that the person so acting has abjured religion and placed himself in the power of the devil. Mr. Napier, in his work on 'Scotch Folk Lore,' says that 'Highlanders in going to bathe or drink in a consecrated foun tain approach it by going round the place from east to west on the south side. When the dead are laid in their graves, the grave is approached by going round in the same manner. The bride is con ducted to the spouse in presence of the minister round the company in the same direction ; indeed all public matters were done according to certain fixed ideas in relation to the sun.' The origin of this widespread habit is easy to trace, and indicates that sun-worship ha? been one of the most universal of primitive religions, the traces of which have not entirely faded from the habits of the most civilized peoples. Throughout all the Northern counties to find old iron is regarded aa lucky, and such things as old nails, horseshoes, &c.; ought to be picked up and taken home. If not earned home they ought to be thrown over the left shoulder. This custom probably points to the time when iron was the rare and precious metal. Throwing it over the left shoulder ia the symbol of sacrifice to the unseen powers. We have already referred to the horse shoe as a universal emblem of good luck. Dr. Inman, in his work on 'Ancient Faiths in Ancient Names,' gives an en graving of a Buddhist goddess, corre sponding to Venus of the West, sur rounded by a horseshoe instead of a cres cent. The same author states that the horseshoe was anciently held as the emblem of that voluptuousness which characterized the worship of this goddess. If thia analogy be correct the nailing, of the horseehoo on the door-post was an attempt to break the spells of witchcraft through the influences of Venus. The association of woman with ideas of bad luck is peculiar. In the North cptintry there could not be a worse- omen for the year than fcr a woman to- be a ' first foot' in any family on New Year's morning. To escape such a fatality a 'firstfoot' is often picked beforehand from amongst the family's acquaintances. There are few miners, even yet, that would venture to go to work in the 'first shift'1 (aWt 2 or 3 o'clock in the morning) if they met a woman whilst on their way to the pit mouth. There is a general belief that when such happens it is- an omen of ill-luck, and if they went to work they might expect to meet with some accident. Can this be a relic of the inferior position occupied by women in the lower stages of civilization when sons are valued but daughters and women held in contempt 1 There are a vast number of sayings bearing on the subject of luck which might be added to an indefinite length. Thus- it is- said that parties ought not to marry whose names begin with the same letter, as the union will be an unhappy one. This is expressed in rhyme: — To change the same and not the letter Is a change for the worse and not the better. Spilling salt at table has been very gene rally considered unlucky, and if it happens whilst being passed from one person to another it foreshadows that their friendship will be broken. To break the evil spell the person spilling the salt must take up a small quantify and throw it over his left shoulder. Many persons on entering a new house at a flitting are careful to throw a bag of salt in first or sprinkle the floor with salt for good luck. It is also reckoned lucky to carry the Bible in first. Salt was an im portant element in ancient sacrifice?, whilst the Bible is the standard of the Christian faith. The character of the custom in each case is probably the same, the former having passed into the latter in some cases through the influence of the prevailing religion. English farmers, in the olden times, were accustomed to leave a portion of their crops ungathered as an offering to appease the evil spirits, and this was called 'good man's croft.' Latterly it has been observed simply from custom, or from some ill-defined ideas of its being lucky to leave this ungathered corner, and is at present almost obsolete. It ifl unlucky to pay away money on a Monday morning before receiving some, and to sweep the dust of the house out at the door instead of to the fireplace, as by so doing the luck is swept out of the house. A knife or pair of scissors given away, without a return present, would sever friendship between the parties. To have luck with a new dress it should be worn first at Church. To pat on an article of dress the wrong Bide ^fore shadowed success for the day, but the article must be worn as first put on, or otherwise bad luck would follow. Many persons refuse to have their likenesses taken, as it is considered unlucky, and likely to induce sickness. Some savage people have shown the same superstition, believing that it would in some way de tract, from their own personality. The writer had a little girl under 4 years of age who was greatly agitated by fear on going to have her photograph taken, as she feared they were going to put her on the card, and it was only by stealth that the process was accomplished. Childhood often presents the best clue to the mental condition of primitive man. The subject we have been dealing with belongs to a form of divination read from the casual events of life. These popular beliefs have no doubt had a diversified origin. One of the most influential of these, I should conclude, has been the force of custom, doing things after the methods of a received and long-established custom, resolving itself ultimately into the only right and lucky way, ?whilst any innovation would bring bad luck. The ghosts of their departed chiefs and kins men still walked amongst them, and would avenge the bleaches of tribal customs. When any remarkable or oft-repeated coincidence took place, this would also at once stamp a day as lucky or other wise, and the same thing would occur with coincidences of objects or methods of work. Thus old nurses will tell you that it is lucky for a baby to vomit its food, probably from no other reason than that all babies are subject to this disagreeable upsetting of their stomachs. Perhaps for a similar reason it is declared to be lucky for children to fall out of bed, because, if some special precautions are not taken, nearly every child gets its turn of toppling over the bedstock. A poor woman of my acquaintance in a northern country town has a large family. They are all strong and healthy but one, and he is a weakling and an idiot ; every one of the children, the mother informed me, fell over the bedstock but the poor idiot. A third and doubtless the most prolific source of the ideas of luck has arisen from the ancient pagan rites and sacrifices and the profound belief which has possessed the popular mind in relation to the numerous orders of spiritual beings who were ever bent on mischief to man. Their wiles and fatal powers must be met with the influence of sacred things bor rowed from the altar and the emblems of the gods. ? 