The Newmarket Handicap and the Australian Cup. By Nemo. The 127 horses in the Newmarket Handicap had their weights apportioned by Mr. Barnard on Monday last, and to select the 12G to be defeated out of that number will be a prodigious task, and yet that is required of backers before they can win, for only one of the 127 can be hailed the 'winner, unless indeed the race ends in a dead heat. How very many of those nominated have not the slightest show on paper, and vet how many have been carefully nursed and Dottiea up tor months past for this particular race. Many an owner -who hugged himself with the belief that he had successfully manipulated his horse, and had com pletely hoodwinked the liandicapper, has now had his i eyes opened by the weight given the animal that was to make his fortune ; while some are just satisfied, and a few are already speculating what they will do with the enormous sum they feel certain they are about to land — and yet only one can win. Malua has the honor of heading the list with 9st. 121b. ; and when it is remembered that he carried 9st. lib., and was only just beaten by Newstead, in the ever memorable and aptly-named Flying Stakes, when the six furlongs were run in the lightning-like time of 1.14J, it cannot be said that he has received a pound too much, for with his present weight he can cover the journey faster than three-fourths of the field could with jockeys' caps in their saddles. - His long holiday has evidently done him good, and it is said that he is now in capital health and condition at Ingliston. Grace Darling's first for the Caulfield Cup and second for the Melbourne Cup has brought her into trouble in the shape' of the, to her, thumping impost 'of 9st. 31b. Still slie is such a beautiful creature that there is no telling what she may be able to do, and perhaps the handicapper if he has erred at all has done so on the safe side. At 9st. each Middle igarch Stafford, and Mozart do not encourage invest ment, but Coronet's reputation quite entitles him to Sst. 131b., though that is within one pound of two stone more than he carried to victory for last year's Newmarket Handicap, when he was seen home by j Middlemarch, 8st. 4lb., and Sheet Anchor, 7st. 71b. The Caulfield Cup winner of 1884, Blink BoniQe, has the same weight, and at that Coronet should be the better of the two. The great form shown in Tas mania by Duration brought him in for 8st. 'lllb.; and after his Barb-like performance of carrying lOst. 81b. to the front for the Hobart Cup, li mile in 2.43}-, it cannot be said that he has been ill-treated. Merrimu and Iralee have more than sufficient, and it is clear that Battailous's fourth last year with 8st. 91b. has not been overlooked, and that he has been strictly handicapped upon that running. With. Sst. 91b. Honeydew has received all that his best deeds demand, but he is such a real trimmer over the dis tance that there is not any reason why he should have come in for anything less, and he and Malua read best amongst the top weights. When allotted 8st. 81b. Silver King seems to be overrated, and of the five that have the same weight, Liverpool and Prince Imperial have the most tempting appear ance. The unreliable Ghost and the recently well .performed Sea Horse have been about properly placed, and of the half dozen set down at 8st. 61b., Gratitude, ? The Israelite, and Dirk Hatteraick appear to be the most kindly treated. The last-named is said to be very well just at present, and if he returns to his best form he may be classed amongst the dangerous divi sion. With 8s. 51b. each, the better of the two Uralla and Monte Christo must be hard to beat. When well, Uralla was always faster than the black colt, but she has not filled out and furnished so much, therefore it may come to pass that the son of Chester and Kathleen will be the more trustworthy on the day. At the same weight Lord Wilton has been left with a good chance, and with lib. less the once promising Velocipede may have a pretty good show, for his pace is beyond question, though it may be doubtful if bis performances on several occasions can be so described. Bis Bis and Thunderbolt are called upon to pay the penalty of their many speedy journeys, and Solo has to thank his recent January Handicap win for fris present oi 8st. 31b. We have a couple of swallow-catchers in Anchorite and Trump Yoss's brother St. John, and the Geelong running will afford us a special line about the former, while Dunlop appears to .be badly used at 8sL' Were it not that Cerise andBluewill be as stale as an oft-told tale she would be sure to have a deal to say in the matter with 7st. 131b. The three that follow on, the list may be allowed to pass without comment, but -Claptrap should be rather dangerous at . 7st. lllb. Ironmaster cannot be trusted ; but Ben Bolt, who pulled up lame a few mornings since, must - be regarded as ! being well in with 7st. 91b., for he possesses a great dash of foot, and his determination at a finish was convincingly proved in Tattersall's Cup and the Car rington Stakes. A lot can be passed until we come to Euroclydon, 7st. 51b., awieight that should help him to get home in very fast time ; and The Jewel should also be in the argument with 7st. 31b. Fair Ellen and Erie have a healthy appearance with Tst. 21b. ; and Oakleigh cannot quarrel with a couple of pounds less. Buriilda may run forward, for he is evidently i improving, but even in the face of that fact I cannot j beget anything like an affection for him when he is introduced to first-class company. Another whose pace is undeniable, but who has been on the shelf for some time, is Astroea, the speedy daughter of TerguS the First. At one time she held forth promise of being quite as good as Uralla, but went off suddenly ; and it is an undecided question whether she will ever return to her two year-old form. All Gold has recently placed several good brackets to his account, and he has been fairly handled when allotted 6st. 121b., and at a couple of pounds less the handsome Leporello should not be overlooked. Cardigan appears to have lost all form, '6nt !RepTcaljina and Corday have not any reason for declining their respective imposts ; while Perchance, the brother to Guesswork, is said .to have so vastly improved that he must be regarded with more than a passing glance. When the first batch of malcontents have had their resignations sentin, I shall refer again to the weights, and in the meantime shall rest content by selecting the following 16 to provide the winner : — Malua, Coronet, .Honeydew, Prince Imperial, Dirk Hatteraick, Gratitude, Monte Christo, Thunderbolt, Anchorite, St. John, Euroclydon, The Jewel, Evie. Astraea, Uralla, and Perchance, and had I to reduce them to three they would be Honeydew, Malua, and Monte Christo, who, be it not forgotten, ran second to Newetead for the Maribyrnong Plate of his year.. Malua also holds the flattering position of top weight for the Australian Cuj., with 9st. 91b., and is called upon to concede Clb. to the other Melbourne Cup winner, Sheet Anchor, and that he is well able to do, great horse though the last Cup winner has proved himself to be by his many good deeds. Reginald's recent running has not served to ease him down, and of the four top weights commend me to Sardius, who it is said has quite recovered from the effects of the Caulfield accident. With 8st. 91b., Duration must play a prominent part, and what a singular coincidence it would be if he were to win ; for Ringwood, after carrying all before him in Tasmania, as Duration has. done, sailed home in front for last year's Australian Cup with 7st. 131b. in 4.1£. The length of the journey will suit Welcome Jack, who, if quite dressed in his .best, he should not be much affected with 8st. 71b. ; but Mozart, who is not a glutton over a long journey, should have been handled with more tenderness. Tli is race has frequently gone down before a three year-old, for Barwon, 7st. 81b., won in 1863 ; Nathalie, 6st. 81b., 'in 1864 ; Gasworks, 8st. 51b., in .1869 ; Richmond, 7st. 131b., in 1876 ; Sibyl, Gst. 121b., in 1877 ; First King, 8st: 51b., in 1878 ; and Navigator, Sst, 31b., in 1883'; and upon the coming occasion we find Nordenfeldt asked to carry the same weight as that which was imposed on Gasworks and First King. No doubt his field is more aristocratic than those which faced the flag in 1869 and 1878, but then on the other hand I take it that Nordenfeldt is pounds better than either of the winners referred to, and therefore with him at 8st. 51b. I cannot be tempted to look further for the winner than this gallant son of Musket and Onyx, who never appears to have enough of it, and finishes in a manner that delights the hearts of- all who really love a good, true, honest horse. Off Colour has been handicapped, out of it if his late running is to be accepted as true ; but Coronet and Moonshee have been fairly treated, and so has Honeydew, but Kit Nubbles and Silver King had better remain at. home. Britisher will be troubled by the length of the journey,' but Liverpool,* Mont^ Christo, Matchlock, and Ben Bolt have reason to cry content. The heavy weights appear to be the best in, but the race does not appear to me to be at all hard to pick, and even thus early I shall plump for Norden feldt and Sardius, with the former for choice. 