LONDON GOSSIP, BY ONE OF THEMSELVES. JACK FROST. THE winter season in London has now fairly set in. »I do not mean only that Jack Frost has arrived, and is pinching our toes and biting our fingers, but that the entertainments and diversions always associated with this second society season are in full operation. Invita- tions to dances and dinners arrive by every post, including private theatricals and amateur concerts, and it is difficult to arrange a little dinner party at all just now by reason of the numerous engagements of one's ¿I friends. %'? '** "SELECTION OF GUESTS. By the way it is very important, arid adds much to the success of any such entertainment, that those who are interested in each other, or are pleased by an intro- duction, should be brought together, and so I find it quite necessary to give long invitations in order to have a chance of a second judicious selection in case of refusal of any on the first list. I think it is very neces- sary for a hostess to know something of and try to consider the relative positions and therefore the feelings of her guests, in order to avoid any disagreeable contre- temps. Unless very intimate, however, with all whom she receives, she can scarcely be expected to know the history of everybody's past life, or to steer clear of the strange fatality which once befel a friend of mine who introduced a gallant officer, just home from India, to a spinster lady no longer young, to whom fifteen years ago he had plighted his troth, and left her with fond adieux, only t,o break his faith, and marry for money, rather than love, after a short absence. His wife sat opposite, happy in possession of a riviere of diamonds and bracelets of gold and jewels, whilst her husband was obliged to endure a very unpleasant two hours, with his uncomfortable conscience, by the side of the gentle lady who had never married for his sake. My friend never knew what she had done till long after- wards, and wondered why her military guest was less amusing than usual on this occasion. DINNER A LA RUSSE. The fashion of having no viands whatever on the table at a dinner party is a very convenient one for the host and hostess, and gives them a chance of enjoying the conversation of their friends ; it also greatly relieves the anxieties of the gentleman who is placed at the right of the hostess, to whose lot much carving would pro- bably fall. But in order to have a dinner comfortably served in this way, a good carver must be secured in one of the domestics who officiates at the side-table, whilst the others offer each dish in succession according to the menu, which .tells every guest what is presented to them. GOOD CARVERS. I know of several excellent waitresses, who are also skilful carvers, and who now make a good thing of their abilities by attending to dinners where men'waiters are objected to. I much prefer a neat-handed Phyllis to serve me at table to a pretentious hired waiter, and I find that several young women who have lived in good families, and been well trained, having married into homes of their own, are now adding considerably to their means by carving and helping at dinner parties for :a small fee, with none of the extravagance and pre- sumption of hired professional waiters. I think dinners so served are less costly than when dishes are carved on ^. the table, for no more need be provided than is abso lutely required, and nothing merely for show. The *^ dishes come up one at a time from the kitchen, hot and fresh, and if a series of plates already heated be kept ready for use in an old-fashioned plate-warmer before the dining-room fire, one great desideratum for a good dinner is secured, and there is no cold food or greasy gravy to spoil the feast. 1 think the modest fee of a good female carver is fully justified by the result. But then, it is not every one who can carve, and I am often struck by the foolishness cf domestic servants who will not see that careful training and intelligent understand- ing is as needful to their work as in any other, that domestic service is as much a business as tailoring or dressmaking, and requires both practice and thoughtful attention. It is only ;"iose servants who approhend this and bend their mind to their work of any sort, as if it were worth their careful attention, that ever rise to the top of the tree, or realise the proud satisfaction of knowing something throughly well, and so having at least one marketable qualification to offer, which is worth money, and can always obtain it, when the ignor- ant and careless, who think " anything will do," go to the wall. A NEAT DINNER TABLE. But the table should be pleasant to look upon at this sort of dinner, with flowers and fruit arranged judi- ciously upon it. Flowers are difficult to get here now, excepting at fabulous prices, and the recent frosts have damaged all the.chrysanthemums which lend themselves so well to table decoration. The other evening ] arranged a pretty table with all white flowers and plenty of green leaves, in old-fashioned Nuremburg glasses, with an Indian bowl, in which was planted a pretty shrubby maiden's hair fern in the centre. The middle table had a long piece of golden greenish plush stretching nearly from end to end, edged with some narrow old gold lace, bordered at the sides with the slipB of white damask, and on the. plush I placed the bowl and the four glasses of white chrysanthemums. The white French china dessert dishes, with latticed «dges and four little opal glasses filled with coloured bor bons, completed the arrangement ; brass branched three light candlesticks, one at each end, looked very pretty, and the menus written on papers in charmingly painted cardboard frames, done by an artist friend, and coloured hock glasses, added to the general effect of the table. It is best to have only one'shade or tone of colour in table flowers. Another evening I had the same dull green glasses, only chrysanthemums of a'bronzy yellow, shading to golden colour, on the ground of plush, and they were very effective. NAMELESS TELEGRAMS. Sixpenny telegrams are a very doubtful boon to housekeepers, in fact to anyone in their present form. It is exceedingly embarrassing to receive a pink message, answer paid, in the middle of the afternoon, with such an intimation as this, " May I dine with you to-night ? " without the slightest sign as to who the sender might be. A reply is, of course, impossible, for no name or address is given, and so, on the tip-toe of expection, one orders an extra knife and fork to be laid, perhaps an additional dish to be prepared, and no one comes ! This happened to me only last week, and I have been quite unable to discover who was my self-proposed guest, though I have enquired at the telegraph office, and even have written to the Postmaster-General with no better success. Some one went without a dinner, or thought me very inhospitable ! Senders of telegrams should be very careful to append at least their names to their messages. An impetuous friend of mine got a message, "Dine with us to-night. Charming and eligible lady expected." No hint as to name or address. He was furious-"charming and eligible" might be handed over to someone else ! On his way to his solitary club dinner he called on me, and professed his intention of persecuting every Post Office and Govern- ment official with a series of nameless telegrams till the form of transmission be altered. Imagine the conster- nation and confusion that might be caused in various households by a series of well-planned alarming tele ,giams, which would remain perfectly anonymous, and could never be traced to their author. " Your house is on fire, come at once !" "A valuable appointment waits your presence here," and so on. No end of mis- chief and annoyance is likely to result from the absurd omission of any regulation that the name and address of sender shall accompany every sixpenny telegram, as under the old shilling regime. , THE INSTITUTE OE PAINTERS IN OILS. Outside one's home there is plenty to see and to do just now, and Bond Street is renewing its pictorial charms for me. I could not go-to the private view of the Institute of Painters in Oil Colours in Piccadilly, but I have been to the exhibition since, and was much pleased with it.1 I have my marked catalogue beside me now, and I recall the jrieasant afternoon I spent there very vividly, for I have the advantage of many nice illustrations or reproductions of the pictures bound up with it. The first thing that struck me much as I entered the gallery was the work of a lady, Miss Jane M. Dealy, called a "Dutch Bai'gain." It is on a large canvas, and two quaint little Dutch children painted thereon, whom I shall not soon forget, seeing that 1 have some dear little semi-Dutch relatives of my own in the far off island of Java. But those in the picture are genuine little Dutch maidens, in quaint costumes, bargaining over their dolls, the elder one trying to effect an exchange greatly to her own benefit, the ex- pression and attitude of both children telling the whole tale most wonderfully, and illustrating the accompany- ing verse " In matters of commerce, The fault of the Dutch, They give too little And take too much." NEW PICTURES. Then I looked with interest at a touching picture of rural love, by the late Everton Sainsbury, a young fellow of genius and mark, early lost to art and his admiring friends. It is. called "Their Eden." A picture that attracted many gazers is called " A Home Scene and a Heart Study," by Solomon, and is exactly of the class of picture I most dislike, and which seems to me to be unworthy of art. It is a purely conventional ordinary drawing-room, not even artistic in its arrange- ments. A rich damask-covered ottoman occupies the foreground, on which are seated a young lady and gen- tleman, in evening dress of the period, in a very affec- tionate attitude. He has evidently just taken advantage of the opportunity and popped the question, and as she leaves her hand in his, we may conclude that he h accepted, but the whole conception of the picture if vulgar, though the technique may be clever. One would pay something not to have such a picture hung on one's wails to gaze at always, unless it was a warning that riches and well-to-do surroundings are apt to take all the romance and beauty out of life ; even out oj love-making ! But there- are charming bits close by tc take the nauseous flavour of this production out 01 one's senses. The ' ' Sunny South, " by Walter Langley and a pretty well painted bunch of "Marigolds," bj Mrs. Sheriff, still an Academy student, and daughter 01 Mr. Henry Robertson, the recently elected M. P. foi Merionethshire. The " Moated Grange," by Georg( Elwood, I recognised as a portrait of an old anc haunted country manor house in Warwickshire, knowr as Compton Wynniats, where, in my younger days, w( believed many a ghost was both seen and heard " Sunny Hours," by Keelley Halswelle, is a large anc attractive picture, erring perhaps on the side of to< bright and green an aspect, in strange contrast to hil usually clouded skies and subdued and sombre light! on the landscape. Lady artists are well représentée here. "Sunny Days," by Edith Sprague, is a pretty and quaint conceit, in which a whitewashed cottagî wall and a birdcage are the principal subjects ; " Fright fill News," hy George Morton, the result of a sudder blast of the newsboy's horn in a little maiden's ear "¿Stop Thief," by H. Dollman, a dog running awaj with a goose ready for roasting, regardless of the hats,' ^ turnips, and other missiles hurled after him ; and many another beside possess a humorous element which makes them attractive. But from this point of view not less than from their own merit as good paintings, are all the works of Mr. Burton Barber, whom I remembered as the artist of one of the cleverest pictures in last year's Royal Academy exhi- bition, the dog being fed out of the mustard pot by a mischievous little urchin-" Once-bit, twice shy," it was called. Now we have " A Song without words " by the same artist ; a fair-haired little girl sitting on a high' stool at the piano, with her dolly reclining on the keys ; she is evidently strumming away on the piano, while her pet fox terrier is howling an unmusical accompani- ment from below, while a pussy cat perched on the top of the piano hears the unharmonious duet with surprise. It is a clever bit of painting. Frank Walton's land- scapes and trees are always good. His " Oaks and Ashes " in this exhibition are worthy of his reputation. He takes the part of landscape painter in the fashionable picture of the collection, called "The Start of the Season," which is the joint work of himself and Mr. Walter Wilson. It shows the meet of the Four-in- / Hand Club and Coaching Clubs in Hyde Park during the London season, and of course attracts all country visitors. Although I object to paintings of this class as a rule, there are so many good portraits of London celebrities crowded together on this canvas that it is amusing to discover them. The central object is the carriage of the Princess of Wales, in which she and her three daughters are seated, while the Duke of Connaught stands leaning his hand on the carriage door. All round, as far back as the eye can see, are the faces of people of distinction in the political, social, artistic, and literary world. Mr. Gladstone is conversing with Sir Frederick Leighton, Lord Randolph Churchill with Mrs. Langtry, while Miss Ellen Terry, Mr. George Grossmith, Sir Farrer Herschell, Lord Coleridge, and Mrs. Weldon are to be seen in close proximity, besides numbers more, to be made out by those who cannot recognise the faces by the map of a key to the groups on the frame below. Lovers of horses and judges of animal drawings are en- thusiastic over the pervading spirit and grouping of this picture, but excellent as it may be, it gives me no plea- sure to recall it, nor should I care to "possess it, save for its money value. "Water Lilies," by J. Aumonier and F. D. Millet's " Amanuensis,' and " The Grand-daughter" are notice- able paintings. The former suggests Millais, and is after his style. But I could lead my readers all through the pleasant airy galleries from memory had I space or time to do so. I will only add that Fantin, the prince of flower painters, is represented by a garden basket full of most exquisite "Roses," such as seem to have been laid living, and breathing out their sweet perfume on the canvas ; he has also sent some delicious grapes, which one longs to pluck. Mr. R. A. Bell, quite a young but clever artist, must be mentioned for his good work in " A Young Slave," and Mr. Thos. Lloyd's painting of two dear little muzzled calves watching the favoured baby and pussy drinking the milk denied to them from their own natural fountain may well be called " Jealousv." 