[?] Father Burke* ' It is magnificent, but it is not history,' might be considered the verdict of the present generation on those brilliant but untrustworthy sketches by means of which the great Whig historian, Macaulay, secured for himBelf fame and fort-unc while proving to the world the depth and sonorousness . of the English tongue. There are those who would extend the same verdict to most of the works of the trenchant writer who lately visited these shores. It was in 'The English in Ireland' that Mr. Froude was supposed to have wandered farthest from the broad pathway of fact into the seduc tive realms of fancy. The views he enunciated with such elaborateness of detail and minuteness of rcseaTch were so antagonistic to those generally accepted that the controversies aroused by tbem bave scarcely yet sub sided. But when, some thirteen years ago, he signified his intention of visiting America for the purpose of obtaining from the American people a verdict in his favour, his warmest admirers — remembering the largo Celtic element west of the Atlantic — received the an nouncement with the gravest forebodings. It was in replying to the historian that Father Burke . secured both opportunity and reputation. Before this he was known as an eloquent preacher, whose pleading in the cause of charity had met with gratifying ?uccess. Subsequently be was known, at least among bis countrymen and co-religionists, as the- doughty champion who battled for them against one whose writings were admired wherever tbc tongue of Shake speare and Pope found a home. On the result of the contest it is not our province to dwell. Opinions vary. Indeed, in matters of this description reason has email chance of making headway -against racial and religious prejudices, The chance of discovering the fountain of perpetual youth is scarcely more remote than that of finding a Bincere Protestant and an equally sincere Catholic who agree regarding the characters of Scotch Mary and of English Elizabeth — accept as true the same portraits of Guy Fawkes and of Cromwell. Some think Froude was obliged to make a masterly movement to the rear ; others that Friar Burke's proper place after the fight would have been a cosy bed in the nearest hospital. We liave no doubt that ' Father Tom,' as his country men affectionately called him, was an able, earnest, and eloquent divine ; but we doubt very much whether he was such a prominent figure in the world's eves as his biographer would lead us to suppose. Size, after all, is entirely comparative. The fir trees which in our boy hood's eyes touched the sky with their slender tops, appear mean and insignificant beside the giant gums of Gippsland. just as years, generations, centuries some times, bave to go by before a great man's pedestal in the world's Pantheon can be decided upon, so with living men, you have to get a good distance away from them before estimating their real proportions. Besides, a . man, like an event, nyy be of vast importance in a small community's eyes, while attracting but little notice from the great outside yvorld. To England and Spain the Peninsular war was second to none in moment. To Europe and France it was a mere affair of out posts. 'Father Tom' was lucky from the start. His mother was a woman of deep religious feeling. She had a presentiment that the child would be born on the 10th of September — tho Feast of St. Nicholas of Tolcntine — and vowed that, if a boy, ' I should follow his order, but if I turned out to be a girl, I was to become a Sister of Mercy.' lie turned out a boy, but with the waywardness of boyhood, sent his preliminary squeak across Galway Bay on the 8tli instead of the 10th — an act of disobedience that filled his parent with apprehensions concerning his future. He was called Nicholas all the same — Thomas being added subsequently. The next two sentences in the 'life' are ? — delicious, one would say, for want of a better word: — ' So long a period elapsed between the birtli of the third Bister and of Nicholas, that the parish stared when he appeared. Wat Burke (his father) had been a stooped elderly man as long as most Galway people could remember him, but noted for his vivacity, and he took with good humour the congratulations which greeted him on all sides after the birth of little Nich olas.' From the beginning, Nick was destined for the church. The hope of sempiternal happiness in a future world and the certainty of frequent applications of a stout leather strap in this could not entirely control the lad's boisterous levity. It was not until he was sent to Mr. Magrath's school that bis thoughts took a serious turn. Mr. Magrath's system was attractively simple. We quote : — ' ' If I cannot drive it into your head, I'll drive it into you somewhere,' was a phrase of his, as stroke after stroke fell on the screaming victim.' With such aids to learning and faith it is small wonder that, further on, we find the youth, when ordained, saying, in connection with baptismal regeneration: — ' There is no fear of a Catholic priest, as I have known other ministers do, take ten or twelve children in a district and baptise them all together by dipping his finger in the water and giving them a sprinkle.' This is a serious charge. He certainly might have taken all ' the fingers. In countries like Ireland and America, where the rainfall is abundant and large rivers arc easily accessible, there is no excuse for this gingerly application. It will occur to most readers that the despised negro method of 'chucking' the children over a bridge so as to make sure of com plete immersion leaves no room for cavil. At an early age young Burke was beaten, in mistake, by a nun. So soon as the good siBter discovered her error she said: — ' I am very sorry for the mis take, Nicholas, but your own good sense will tell you that often when you ricbiy deserved a whipping you escaped.' Surrounded by influences like these it is little wonder that the boy's mind soon 'acquired a stub born bent. It is bad enough to be beaten when you deserve it; but to be corrected by proxy, and then ex pected to feel grateful, is peculiarly irritating. Tom's father was a baker. But the family was an old Anglo Norman one— the De Buighs. By long oppression they bad oome down from baking heretics to baking bread. | Burke pere was fond of music, and ' a poor man used regularly, to wait upon him to . play on (he flute.' j With the single exception of the trombone we know of ? Life of the Very Rev. Thomas N. Burke, O.P. By Wir.MAM J. Pitz-Patrick F.S.A. London: Kegan r«uL Trench, and Co. 1885, no instrument 60 conducive to melancholy as the Ger man flute. It never appears to speak out half what it means — keeps a .reserve stock of gruesomencss behind | to ' spring' upon one as a sort of funereal ad j dendum. Wby the instrument still keeps its place in the modern orchestra shows how little musicians are I alive to their best interests. The more you strive to improve it by putting on an extra key here, and drilling a larger hole there, the more distressingly melancholic it becomes. That Walter Burke should keep up his ' vivacity' under such a strain is an additional proof of the mercurial temperament of the Celtic race. And so young Nicholas Burke grows up — an idle, noisy, spirited lad, but entirely free from anything that would come under the head of ' vice' — unless smoking tobacco be 'considered incompatible with morality. With increasing years levity gave place to serious ness — indolence to affliction. His facility for acquiring languages was extraordinary. In Italy his novitiate was passed, and between that country and Ireland his life was mostly spent until 40— Thackeray's ' age of reason ' — was left well behind. Fragments from his sermons, lectures, and conversations are given in the book before us. They point to him as one who loved his kind, who was ever ready to use his great powers in the cause of the poor and down- trodden. Still, it is impossible for men of the world, whose philo sophy was not learnt in the cloister, to repress a smile when examining the opinions and logic of an amiable ecclesiastic. On the subject of 'confession,' for in stance, he is charmingly ingenious. ' If you find a truo friend that can keep a secret, the next thing is, what can he do for you? If you tell liim your secret can he lead you out of the difficulty. . . . God has provided in the church a mighty vent for this natural craving of man. The Catholic. . . . knows that in the first priest he meets he has a friend whom God has provided for him, and in whom he can place implicit faith.' We forget how many centuries went by before the discovery was made that the road to heaven lay through the confessional. There are, no doubt, men so constituted that they cannot kiss their wives without blabbing the fact to the neighbourhood ; who can no more keep a secret than Charles Surface could preserve the family portraits. But because A, who cannot keep bis own counsels, derives relief by letting B into the secret, it is hard that C, who would fain keep things to himself, has to go to — that is, has to risk his soul for not telling D all . about it. From food upon which some thrive, others turn away. It does not agree with them. It is just the same in the world of thought and morals. La Place's guesses at the secret of the universe appear to the village rustic the mere hallucinations of a madman. The elementary moral code which satisfies the devotee is not comprehensive enough for the philosopher. Wo are not arguing that auricular confession is not a divine institution. It is the logic by means of which Father Burke proved its necessity that charms us. The great dominican had a leaning towards hyperbole. When he speaks of O'Connell as 'tho man who shook the world,' and alludes to the Nation newspaper as having 'created a national poetry, a national literature, which no other country can equal,' the statements set one athinldng. During his novitiate Father Tom met a young priest who nearly lost his life by going to bed with cold feet To ward off such a calamity, young Burke used to dance in his cell ' every night before going to rest.' If the enemy of mankind expected to make the young man renounce his views by plaguing him with cold feet, he little knew the ingenuity of the person with whom ho had to deal. Had the licv. Mr. Barham seen the youthful Irishman struggling with temptation, Ingoldsby might have given us another legend. Of course, for a person with corns the method has some drawbacks. At mimicry Father Burke was inimitable. Cardinals, bishops, and the lower clergy gave way to unbecoming levity at his sallies. lie had a fine voice, was a good pianist, and, the book says, ' Among the songs Father Burke sang at this time were ' Finegan's Wake,' ' Scroggins' Ghost,' and the 'Gallant Hussar.'' One of the best representations was that of a blind beggar's dog. 'Some of the time ho was posed as tho dog begging, his hands hanging down like paws, his face was one of perfect caninc expressiveness, and he did not hesitate to hold between his teeth the little skull cap of his Order.' That ' holding the cap' we consider the picce de resistance of this remarkable menu. It was more than talent — it was inspiration. But one of his best performances was the imitation of a peripatetic Tuscan dentist who used to drive down the Piazza di San Agnesi at Borne blowing a trumpet for custom, much like our suburban ice-cream traders. At dinner Father Burke would hide a dessert knife up his sleeve, set one of the canon's heads in chancery, and pretend to draw a tooth. Sometimes when there was no person present on whom he liked to operate he ' used a loaf of bread as the skull, previously sur rounding it with a napkin.'- Over this performance he often got so excited as almost to forget the fitness of things and seize the first head presenting itself. So that we are not surprised when, a little farther on wo read of his reaching for a cardinal guest and subjecting him to this unseemly operation. Fortunately, his Eminence took it all in good part, but wc may be sure that the feelings of the assembled ecclesiastics when the audacious friar gave the Prince's head a preliminary twist preparatory to business, were wrought to a high pitch. Even before the Papal chair be could not quite suppress his hilarity. For we . arc told that when a number of English converts attended the Pope's levie, Father Bourke stood beside his Holiness to tell him the antecedents of those approaching. The following ensued: — Pio Nono. — ' Thomas, my son, who may this be ? ' Thomas. — ' Tho Ducliesa of Leeds, most Holy Father.' P.N. — ' What a colossal figure ! ' T. — ' Yes, Holy Father, faith moves mountains.' The Vatican Council, whither he attended the Bishop of Dromore as ' theologian,' made a deep impression on him. The number of priests, guards, zouaves, leguriarics Avere bewildering; His Holiness passed to the basilica ' amidst the hum of thousands, and the sheen of naked swords ; amidst the crash of musket hutts, as the military knelt and presented arms ; amidst the thrilling strains of martial music, booming bells, and thundering volleys of artillery.' But nowhere in the book arc wc told the part that foreign bayonets took in making this display possible, nor is an allusion made to the fact that when these bayonets were removed the temporal jurisdiction of the Vatican shrank to the walls surrounding it. Father Burke died in July, 1883. He was a kindly, versatile, able man, devoted to his church and to his country. His life, as told in the volumes before us, throws a good deal of light on matters which seldom fail to puzzle an English man — matters connected with race, religion, and con duct. which are not yet thoroughly understood by the less mercurial people on the east of St. George's Channel. . 