AMUSEMENTS THE CRITERION THEATRE. The Criterion Theatre, at the corner of Park and Pitt streets, hereafter to echo with the sound of many a new opera and much sweet music, at present reverberates only beneath the carpenter's mallet and the mason's trowel. But it is now so near completion that Mr. John Solomon, its fortunate proprietor, invited those interested in the matter to see what had been done, and as theatre building, though a private enterprise is at the same time a public benefit, we herein give our reader some idea of the interior of the new place. The site is very central, and although the ground available did not appear very large, the ingenuity of the architect, Mr. George R. Johnson, of Melbourne, has succeeded in building upon it a theatre which we have no hesitation in saying will be the most complete in the matter of de tail of any that we have. Mr. Johnson's name as a theatrical architect is well-known in Aus tralia. He designed the Opera House, Mel bourne, the Sandhurst Theatre and the Theatre Royal, Adelaide, the latter one of the cooicst and most commodious in the colouics. The Criterion is only of moderate size, but as the stage is ample, that fact is all in favor of the play-goer. At the same time, it cannot be called a small theatre ; as it will hold upward of 1400 persons, 400 of the these finding room in the stalls and 200 in the dress circle. The dress circle will probable prove the best place in the house, which, it does not, to our mind, in the Theatre Royal, where the people in the stalls are best seated, in the new theatre the dress circle is very little higher than the stage, and both it and the gallery above are built upon lines which seem to give an unusually fine view of the stage. The "gallery" are allotted seats running a long way back, but which give a pefect view or all that goes on and, moreover, enjoy the ventilation of windows opening on to the roof which they overlook. The front of the gallery will be called the " family circle," and will be upholstered accordingly. In the centre of the dress circle the vice-regal box will form a permanent feature in the arrangement and design of the house. The stall accommo- dation is unusually large, as the orchestra will be seated beneath the stage, just under the footlights, after a fashion now commonly adopted at home. The decoration of the in terior is not yet finished. It is in the hands of Mr. J.G. Beeler, and the prevailing tints are sky-blue and crushed strawberry. A fine sun light, with cut-glass lustres, has been put up by. J. T. Conolly and Co., of Sandhurst, and effectually illuminated every part of the theatre last night. The gas plant on the stage was designed by Mr. H. D. Smith, and manufactured by Messrs. Reid aud Arnot (Melbourne). All the lighting of the stage is concentrated at one place and can be worked by a novice, so clear are the directions for turning on or off the various effects on "borders," wells, or " floats." The stage itself is of considerable size, namely, 68ft. broad, 64ft. high (from stage floor to grid-iron), and 26ft. deep, with an alcove giving an additional depth of 10ft. for about half its breadth. The mechanical arrange ments have been designed and carried out by Mr. Thomas Holt, who has had a long experi ence in the leading theatres at home. There are two "star" traps near the front, and a flirst-class Vampire trap, those being, as may be imagined, chiefly for pantomime use, to enable demons and such like to take a header down below or bob up serenely as occasion may require. There are three "bridges" running the whole width of the stage (platforms on which the actors sink through the floor or come up from below) and 11 "stuks" or "sliders" for removmg scenery. In this respect the new theatre is well furnished, as scenery can be shifted below into the well, which is 26ft. deep. Beneath the stage, too, we come to the dress ing-rooms, of which there are 14, besides two large general rooms, each 30 x 14ft., with washiug basins and water laid on. There are also green rooms, and retiring room for or- chestra, so that the profession has not been for- gotten, and so far a our experience goes, accommodation in this respect is, for the size of the theatre, equal to anything we have seen of the kind in London or elsewhere. The prin cipal staircases are all of brick and stone. There are three floors of " flys" above the stage, where also are carpenter shops, a scene-painter's room and wardrobes. The contract for the building, £20,000, was taken by Mr. Herbert Tupper, under whose direction the work has been kept well up to time, so that there is little doubt but that it will be out of his hands by Christmas Day. Mr. M'Donald has acted as clerk of the works, and we understand that Mr. Solomon is delighted with the progress made. The whole cost of the building with decoration and extras is quoted at £25,000. Mr. Alfred Clint has been engaged for some weeks upon the new drop scene, which promises to be highly effective and well worthy a brush which has already given us much good work. The subject of the centre piece was suggested by Mr. George Hill, and the subjects for the border by Mr. Solomon, though, of course, the carrying out of these suggestions was left entirely to the taste and discretion of the artist. The centre piece illus trates the annexation of Australia to Great Britain by Captain Cook in 1770, and shows also the figure of Dr. Solander, Sir Joseph Banks and the French Admiral, La Perouse. It is after Giltinan's picture, now in possession of the Royal Society of Melbourne, and is the same that, has been lately engraved for "Pic turesque Australasia." This is bordered by Shakespearean subjects: Othello relating his perilous adventures to Desdemona on the balcony of her house; Touchstone musing under a tree in the Forest of Arden; Romeo aud Juliet at tbe balcony, after Frauk Dicksee, A.R.A. ; the closet scene from Ham let, with the Queen Mother and the Ghost ; Shylock refusing Antonio's appeal for mercy, with Saranuo and the gaoler standing near and the sea-bordered Rialto as back-ground ; Richard III. offering his hand to the Lady Ann on the death of Henry VI. ; the appearance of the witches to Banquo and Macbeth ; and Falstaff drinking with Prince Hal in the Boar's Head at Eastcheap. Medal lions of Tasman and La Perouse are in the top corners of the scene, the decoration of which represents amber and satin drapery covered with lace. It is, at present, full early to anticipate the criticism which we may give upon this work when it hangs in its place, but the centre piece is drawn with spirit and dignity, and of the Shakespearian subject, the two from "Richard III" and "Macbeth," the former in its dramatic power and the second in the airy lightness of the drapery and majestic pose of the figures, may be distinguished as especially good. It is probable that the new theatre will be opened on Boxing night with the new opera "Falka," and the event will be looked forward to with interest. Another successful concert took place at the Raudwick Asylum on Tuesday last for the en joyment of ihe children. Tho honorary trea surer (Mr. Joseph Graham) presiueJ, nail thero were about 699 visitors in the large ball. Miss Wurdle, tbc matron, had the room very beauti fully, decorated, and for her great interest iu the whole of the proceeding a special vote of thauks was accorded her at the request of tho chairman. The programme was a good one. It contained 22 selections, and the lady and gentlemen artists, together with the children, gave every satisfaction. The part songs and duets of the children were so plcnringly ren dered that Air. Laurie came in for a good share of commendation tor tne care and nttcution she has bestowed upon ihein iu tho cultivation of their voices, whilst Messrs. Nicholson and Co., Mrs# Peareo and the adult singers and accoui- panyists received Hie thanks of all concerned for their valuable assistance. The house com mittee also received a voto of thanks for pro viding sweets for tho juvenile, ami the supor- intendendent, Air. Coulter, received a demon strative recognition of his ondcavors to make everyone enjoy the treat. A sacred concert wa given last evening in the Y.M.C.A.-hall bv the Sydney United Evan gelistic Choir. Tue soloists ' were Airs. J. Wheeler, Atrs. innos, Air. E. R. MorrU, Miss Liutern, and Messrs. J. M. Callaghuu, E. Booth aud \Y. Herbert. An orchestra under tho baton of Air. I. B. Mote played several sciec- tiouB very skilfully aud elicited loud applause. Tho choruses were rendered by a choir of about 09 voices, and the first, " Sing unto the Lord," revealed careful traiuing. "The Wilderness" was beantiiuily sung, ihe sopraui bring parti cularly prominent for efficiency. Tue choir had beeu selected with excellent judgment, and the niuuncr the choruses wore given reflected credit ou the able conductor. The hail was crowded in every part, and the concert was, ou the whole, most enjoyable. Mr. George Perry's usual weekly temper ance concert was held at the schoolroom, corner of Bathurst ami Kent streets, lust even ing. Loug beforo the hour of opening the room was' crowded lo excess. AH. Perry was supported on the platform by his coadjutor, Mr. Curd, and by Mr. Melville. Al.P. The pro gramme wa more tbuu usually varied, oue of the chief items being a temperance address from Mr. Atelvllle. This was followed by a loug and varied exhibition of vocaUsm, inter spersed with clog and ttep dances. Nine per sons signed the pledgo during the meeting. A benefit is to" be tendered Mr. E. C. Dunbar, one of the members of the Uickards company now performing at the Academy oi Music, this evening. Special attractions are offered iu the performance. Mr. Duuhnr, who is leaving for England by the Mussilia, is down for a number of ballads and descriptive sougs. 