AUSTRALIA V. ALL ENGLAND. JULY 5, 6, AND 7. Unto a level mead they came, And drave the wickets in. I From our Special Correspondent. | When Tom Hood wrote these words cricket v as a very different game from what it is to-day. Round-arm and over-arm bowling v ere unknown, and Graces and Murdochs, JM assies and RoeB had not astonished the v orld with their wonderful skill and gigantic scoring. Fifty years ago middle-aged men of the Dumkins and Podder tvpe, wearing high silk hats, and round, jolly, rubicund faces, vied with each other in attacking by meanB ofthe under arm "grabber," or defending withthe heavy club-like bat. And afterwards they joined together in a real old English convivial, and in solemn, bombastic, and eloquent language professed their mutual admiration for each other, not only as cricketers, but as gentlemen, amid the ringing cheers of their fellows andthe clatter of mugs and jugs and glasses. But those good old days are gone, and now, instead of the natural level of the meadow, we have carefully prepared wickets that are brought almost to absolute perfection ; we have "breakback" bowling, with a "work from leg or the off" from bowlers who can make the ball do anything; we have batting tbat can wear out the patience and defy the skill even of " Demons we have wicketkeeping tbat is nothing short of marvellous : and for first-class contests in place of tbe jolly rivals from neighbouring counties we have cricketers travelling from the remotest corners of the globe—from parts then unknown—to do battle with the sons of these old heroes npon—in many cases—the same time honoured spots. These great cricketing contests may be looked upon as peculiarities in our nineteenth century civilization, as no doubt they are by our Continental friends. Indeed, a cricket report, with its strange sentences and the impressivenees—almost sadness — of its tone! must be considered by the uninitiated as a niece of literary composition at once curious and striking, for it is as_ terribly earnest as the account of an execution. But enough of retrospect and idle musing. Let us write a record of the last great match. The sixteenth match, and tbe first of the three between England and Australia, was commenced onthe Old Trafford Ground, Manchester, on Monday, July 5, in a dull and difficult light. The vapour from the neighbouring manufactories seemed to hang all around the district, and the sun's efforts to break through clouds and smoke were worthy of greater success. Only for a few moments at a stretch could its cheerful beams hold the mastery; time after time they were beaten back, and the broad shadow would chase them across the green sward and out of sight like a victorious monster after a vanquished and retreating foe. Then they would peep out again cautiously, as if half-afraid to let the enemy know of their presence, till, growing bolder by degrees, they would at length come forth, with something like a touch of courage, only to be ignominiously worsted at the next encounter. But just when we had stoically settled down and resolved to bear it like philosophers the clouds, as if tired of their dog-in-the-manger policy, skulked gradually away and left the sun in possession, and after all we had a beautiful afternoon. The second day was also fine, and the third, though not equal to the others, was nevertheless guite good enough to allow of an enjoyable outing. The attendance was fair throughout, and during the first day somewhere about 10,000 persons had gathered on the ground. The greatest interest was felt in the match by the cricketing public, as this was generally considered to be the best and most representative team that had yet'been pitted against the colonials. The Englishmen had hoped to play Hornby, but he was unable to be present, and his place was filled by Briggs. Their list included names known throughout England and Australia for their cricketing ability; their bowling strength comprised such men as Peate, Grace, Barlow, Ulyett, Steel, and Lohmann, and their batting was reckoned quite equal, if not superior, to the Australians'. A fast wicket was provided, which, though not perfect, was fairly good, and die. not allow of much complaint, and if the rain held off the chances of victory seemed about equal. It was not surprising, therefore, that the Australians took some time to decide whom they would leave out, and it was only at the last moment — after the match had commenced, in fact — that Evans and McHwraith were announced as the martyrs selected to " efface themselves for their country's good." The Australians did their utmost to win, and it must be admitted that they were fairly beaten on their merits. The element of chance was not noticeable throughout the whole game—there were no miracles, no particular " hard luck," and no peculiarities of ground or light that did not operate with about equal advantage or disadvantage for both sides. The batting of Jones and Jarvis was good in the first innings, though the latter was not up to bis best form. Scott defended grandly in the second essay, and his score of 47 was made patiently.. For the Englishmen, Read's 51 was decidedly the best performance, and next came Lohmann's 32, Barlow's contribution was, as usual, more effective than brilliant; and Scotton's batting made up in usefulness what it lacked in grace. In bowling Barlow got S wickets, the largest number secured in the match by one bowler. This players name figures frequently in the scoring-sheet—he caught three, bowled eight, and scored 38 not out and 30, a good record in such a match. Grace failed in both innings, his maimed finger evidently causing him some pain and inconvenience. With the exception of Read and Ulyett the Englishmen's batting was remarkable for its extreme caution, every batsman playing a very careful game. Giffen was not able to do anything with the bat, though he played with ease and freedom. His hits were all fielded, and it will give an idea, of this department of the opponent's game when it is recorded tbat he was at the wickets twenty-five minutes before he scored, and forty minutes for a total of 3 runs in the first innings. Jarvis kept tickets during the first and Blackham during the second innings, THE PLAY. At five minutes past 12 Scott and Jones took up their places at the wickets to the bowling of Peate and Lohmann. Runs came Ten slowly, the field working with a will and the bowlers both being well on the spot. After fifty minutes' play the register showed 32 runs, and then Peate was changed for A. G. Steel, whose first Jones sent for 2. The third ball of the same over nearly overthrew Scott, and a few overs later he snicked one high in the slips, but fortunately the enemy was not near, and he scored 4. A quarter of an hour afterwards he did the came thing, and was safely held at long-slip. 1—21—58. Giffen came next, and began resolutely, his last three or four heavy scores evidently giving him pluck. He bumped one back to Steel—which the crowd mistook for a catch—and pretended to leave the wicket. The people laughed, and a spectator standing by remarked that " he was a giddy dog," to which another rejoined that, if so, " a bit of tbe wag was not out of the way." Jones went on batting carefully in the meantime. Ulyett, who had relieved Lohmann, was very hard to get away, and Barlow, on in place of Steel, was also very accurate. A few singles were all that resulted for some time till Jones got a pretty 3 to square-leg. Peate came on again and Steel also had another try, and then an adjournment was made for lunch, the score standing at 09 for one wicket, after just on two hours' play. On resuming, a couple of maidens were bowled, and then Steel got a clever 1 past Giffen. 2—3—7L Jarvis drove Steel for 1, and he and Jones placed Peate for singles, and the latter soon after lifted the same bowler for 4. Another 4 bv him off Steel left Jarvis facing Peate, and he got a single. A leg 4 to JoneB—a nice stroke— brought down applause, and Jarvis reached out riskily to Steel, and brought him round to square. The bowling for some overs had been pitched on the on-side. Ulyett altered it by beginning again with a wide to the off, and then Jarvis got a mighty hit under the on chains—100 up. Bates then fielded a hard cut from the same batsman in a wonderful manner, and nearly succeeded in running him out. Jones, who had been quiet for some time, got a pretty 2 along the grass off Lohmann, which he followed by a couple of singles and a 4. The scoring now became too fast, and Grace went on. Jones nearly killed the umpire off his first, and sent it snooting under the chains, but " the old W had him leg before soon after. Jones had played a fine patient innings, and his all- round hitting, clever back-play, and careful judgment earned him the rounds of applause that greeted his retirement. 3—87—134. Bonnor came next, and after a couple of strokes he glanced a fast one into Lohm inn's hands at slip—a brilliant catch, the fieldsman throwing himself off his balance and catching the ball while falling. 4—4—141. Trumble played uppishly at first, but soon got more at home, and made some good strokes, including a cut for 4, all run. Jarvis put one up in the on-field, but the fieldsman could not get to it, and shortly afterwards he got a powerful cut for 4. Trumble jumped out and drove Steel, and then took a maiden from Ulyett, and a conple of overs later he skipped out again, and lifting Steel, was held near the on-chains by Scotton—a big catch. 5—24-18L Trumble has played many a better innings for fewer runs. Bruce came, and Jarvis greeted him with 4 —a drive. After staying for half a dozen overs Bruce made a late cut, which was fielded with astonishing smartness by LohmanD, and Bruce, who had started to run, did not attempt to get back. 6—2—1£7. Garrett came in time to see J arvis caught in the slips off Ulyett. 7—48— 188\. The Hindmarsh man pliyed a free innings, as usual, but many of his strokes were not clean and sure. He was received by the pavilion with a hearty round of applause. Garrett next succumbed and Palmer joined Blackham. Both men tried hard to force the game. A conple of singles and a 2 brought up 200 at a quarter past a, and then Palmer cut a bumpy one into cover-point's hands. 9-4-201. Spofforth drove Ulyett for 1 and Lohmann for another, and Blackham got a snick to leg for 2, and then Spofforth was caught at the boundary by Barlow. The last three wickets fell in ten minutes, and the innings cloBed for a total of 205 runs. The Englishmen began batting with Scotton and Grace. Spofforth bowled a maiden to the former, and Giffen opposed the latter. A single to Grace brought him opposite "The Demon." He snicked the second for 4, a ball he knew very little about. The English champion had the misfortune to split his finger in a match played tbe previous week, and he was using that hand in a gingerly manner. He cut Spofforth for 4, and was again beaten by a fast one in the next over. The over following he was taken by Bonnor in the Blips, off Spofforth. 1—8—9. Shrewsbury was missed by Bonnor off the next ball. Then several maidens, Spofforth bowling at a terrible pace. A 3 and a 2, and another succession of maidens. The fielding and bowling were of the highest order, and the batsmen's defencc was excellent. Shrewsbury got Spofforth nicely to square-leg for 4, and Scotton got a very pretty 2. At 0 25 Garrett went on for Giffen, and shortly afterwards stumns were drawn, the score standing at 36. SECOND DAY. Play was resumed at five minutc3 past 12, Scotton and Shrewsbury facing Bruce and Spofforth. After four overs Scotton got a single, and Shrewsbury got a 4 to leg off Spofforth. Fifty went up at 12 30, and then Spofforth clean"bowled Shrewsbury. 2—31 —51. Read stepped in, and tbe crowd testified to his popularity by their reception. Scotton, who had only added 1 to his previous day's score, now awoke and cut Bruce for 4 and drove him for a single, and Giffen came on. Read got a 3 off Spofforth and a 4 off a square bit from Giffen. He continued attacking the South Australian's deliveries, scoring 1G off the same number of balls. Garrett then relieved Spofforth, who had bowled 7 maidens and a wicket out of 8 overs. Scotton put the new bowler up at point, and Trumble held him. The Outgoing batsman had been in nearly two hours for his Bcore. 3—21—80. Steel appeared and was loudly applauded, and Giffen made way for Palmer. The scoring now got faster and the century went up at eighteen minutes past 1, but soon afterwards Jarvis was allowed an appeal against Steel. 4—12—109. Barlow helped Read, who was laying about him right lustily, and Giffen was ordered on again. Read was shortly afterwards had by Scott at third man off Garrett. 5—51—131. He played a splendid innings. Ulyett took the vacant wicket, and Spofforth went on again, bowling fast. Jarvis stood back from the stumps, and four men were placed in the slips. At luncheon time both batsmen held their ground, the score standing at 140. On getting under way again Spofforth continued his "windjammers." Ulyett hit the'Demon twice in one over for 4 and 2, but presently the latter had him in _ the door, clean bowled. 6—17—156. Briggs got one, and then made a paralytic stroke at Spofforth, and was easily taken by Garrett. 7—1—160. Lohmann immediately placed one in Palmer's hands, which the latter dropped again, and then settled down steadily. Giffen came on instead of Spofforth, and the second hundred went up amid loud applause, and a little later the Australian total was reached. Palmer relieved Garrett, but Giffen eventually separated the pair, bowling Lohmann_ with a nice one. 8—32—206. Peate bad his bails lifted by Jarvis, and Pilling was caught by Bruce, both off Palmer, and the innings closed for 223. Scott and J ones soon appeared for Australia, and Peate started the bowling. Scott got hold of Lohmann for 4 and 3 in an over, and Barlow came on. The deficit was soon squared, and then Jones let out at Steel, who had come on for Peate, and was well taken by Ulyett in (the long-field. 1—12—37. Giffen was quickly caught at point by Shrewsbury for 1, and Jarvis was also had in the slips. 3-^2—44. Bonnor joined Scott, who was batting well, and Grace soon afterwards relieved Barlow, Peate going on again for Steel. Bonnor was caught at mid-off just on the stroke of tima. Four down for 55, or 37 runs on. THIBD DAY. The match was resumed punctually, Trumble accompanying Scott to the wickets, Peate and Barlow bowling. Great caution was shown at starting, the first four overs being maidens. After making 4, however, Trumble got under one from Barlow. 5—4—68. Blackham filled the vacancy, but only succeeded in adding 2, when he got his leg in front of the wicket and was given out l.b.w. to Barlow, and the next ball settled Bruce, who gave Grace a nice easy catch at mid-off, 7—0—70, Matters now looked very bad for the Australians, and Garrett was sent to stem the tide of disaster. Three runs only were added when Scott was bowled by Barlow. His innings, which lasted two hours and a quarter, was an excellent display of cricket, and he well deserved the applause bestowed by the crowd. He had not given the ghost of a chance. 8—47—73. Palmer appeared and began steadily, both batsmen being evidently determined to fight gamely to the death. Brings had a hard chance off Palmer, but he could not hold it, and Garrett played up at a oouple of loose ones, sending them for 2 and 4. The bowling wasagain changed,and Garrettsnickedl, causing the century to appear, and then Palmer was caught at the wicket. 9—8—103. Spofforth came last, and after 5 had been added Steel went on for Barlow, and shortly afterwards an adjournment was made for lunch. On resuming, Spofforth hit out, and made things lively for a few minutes, adding 15 in three overs. Garrett, in following the example, lifted one into Grace's hands, and the innings closed for the small total of 123, leaving the Englishmen 106 to get to win. Grace and Scotton started, the former taking the stroke from Spofforth and Giffen attacking from the other end. Mr. Pope, who has acted as emergency man before, fielded in place of Jarvis. After about ten overs of very cautious play Grace hit Giffen into Palmer's hands at mid-wicket. 1—4—7. Shrewsbury got Giffen to square-leg, and Scotton got a '3 off Spofforth—10 up after half an hour's play. Shrewsbury was then badly missed by Jones at slip. Later on be hit one back to Giffen, which the latter could not hold, but managed to knock it up in the air three times, and at length he secured it. 2—4—15. Read hit a full- pitch from Giffen for 2, and ore to square leg for 1. A hit to the on-chains for 2 from Read brought up 20, and a very pretty cut for 4 followed, and then he skied one from Spofforth. 3—9—24. Barlow followed. The crowd was intensely interested, every ball being watched carefully. Two byes were run, and then Scotton snicked Giffen for L Giffen was working the ball on the now rather tricky wicket with some skill. Barlow put Spofforth cleverly to leg for 3. Giffen appealed twice in the same over for leg-before against the same batsman, and then struck Scotton, who took some minutes to recover. The latter then put up 1 from Giffen to very close mid-on, but Scott, who threw himself down at full length, could only touch it with his fingertips. Then Barlow snicked one high in the slips and scored two. A quick ran and an overthrow added 5 to Barlow, amid excitement, and then Garrett went on for Spofforth. A nice off-drive by Barlow brought up 60. Palmer relieved Giffen and bowled two maidens, and then clipped off the top of Scotton's wicket. 4—20—65. Steel got 1 off his first ball, and a 4—a pretty drive—off Palmer's next over. At 77 Spofforth went on again vice Palmer. Bonnor soon alterwards missed Steel at slip off Garrett. Three byes were again run—6 off two overs—and a 2 to Steel brought 90 up. Barlow then hit 1 hard to Palmer at mid-off, which was held. 5—30—90. Ulyett got 1 at starting, and another off the last ball of the over. Steel hit Spofforth to leg for 4, and Ulyett made a late cut for 1. 10G up. A 2 and three singles made the tie, and then Ulyett, anxious to make the winning hit, jumped out and skied Garrett into the long-field, where he was secured by Scott, amid excitement. Briggs, who came next, soon got a cut off Spofforth for 2, and the Englishmen won by a run and 4 wickets. Scores:— AUSTRALIANS. First Innings. Second Innings. Jones, Lb.w„ b. Grace ..87 c. Ulyett, b.Steel 12 Scott, c. Barlow, b. Ulyett 91 b. Barlow .. 47 Giffen, b. Steel „ ..3 c Shrewsbury, b. Jarvis, c. Scotton, b. Ulyett 45 Barlow c. Lohmann, b. Bonnor, Lohmann, Barlow Barlow b. _ 2 c. Barlow, b. Trumble, Steel Scotton, b. Peate .. .. 2 c. Ulyett, b. Bruce, runout _ Barlow .. 4 Garrett, c. Pilling, b. Lohmann c.Grace,b. Barlow o c. Grace, b. Blackham, not out.. Ulyett.. _ 22 Palmer, c. Lohmann, b. Lb.w., b. Barlow 2 Ulyett c. Pilling, b. Spofforth, c. Barlow, b. Barlow .. 8 Ulyett _ .. „ Sundries „ _ not out .. .. 20 Sundries .. 3 Total ..206 Total ENGLAND. First Inninss. Second Innincs. W. G. Grace,; c. Bonnor, c. Palmer b. tpoffoith _ ..8 Giffen.. i Scotton, c. Trumble, b. Ganett 21 b. Palmer .. 20 Shrewsbury, b. Spofforth 31 c. and b. Giffen 4 W. W. Bead, c. Scott, b. c. Jones, b. Spot- G«rett 61 forth „ 0 A. G. Steel, c. Jarvip, b. " Palmer „ „ „ 12 set out „ 19 Barlow, not out .. c.Palmer.b.Spof. forth _ Ulyett, b. Spofforth 17 c. Scott, b. Garrett Briggs, forth c. Garrett, b. Spof- ..1 not out lohmann, b. Giffen ..32 Peate, st Jarvis, b. Palmer 6 Pilling, c. Bruce, b. Palmer 2 Sundries „ „ .. 4 Sundi Total _ .223 BOWLING ANALYSIS. AUSTRALIANS. First Innings. Second Innings. O. M. R. W Feate ., m. R. w lohmann 19 7 30 0 Peate 46 35 45 t-teel _ 23 9 41 1 Lohmann 5 3 14 Ulyett . 27 5 47 2 Barlow .. 52 34 44 barlow .. 36*1 20 45 4 Steel .. 8 Grace 23 IS 19 1 Grace „ l 9 3 21 Ulyett .. 6"3 Ulyett bowled a wide in the first innings. ENGLAND. First Innings. j Second Innings. M. R. W R. W Spofforth £3 22 4 Spofforth 29-2 13 Giffen .. 40 S2 15 11Giffen .. 24 31 2 Garrett .. 45 23 2 j Garrett 17 9 14 1 Bruce .. 9 6 0 Palmer „ 7 3 11 1 Palmer .. 17-2 4 3 I 