SPORTING. A pedestrian match has been made between H. Davison and M. H. Combe for £10 aside to run three distances—100, 150, and 220 yards, Combe to receive 5, 7, and 9 yards start re spectively. A deposit of £5 each wa3. placed in Mr. C. Wadey's hands on Thursday night, and the balance is to be paid on the night be fore the race. The match will probably be run on the Adelaide Oval on Saturday, Feb ruary 20, Davison is pretty confident of victory. We learn by telegram from Orroroo that Czarina, Galena, Peru, and Plunger have been scratched for all engagements. We hear from Melbourne that Nordenfeldt is supposed to be wrong, and he was restricted to walking exercise on the course yesterday morning, and has receded in the betting for the Champion Stakes. A week ago one metallician laid a thousand to five hundred against him at the Victorian Club. General entries for the V.R.C. Autumn Meeting are due on Monday next, February 8. Steps are being taken to form a polo club for Melbourne. Messrs. A. and R. Chirnside and Rupert Clarke are at the head of the movement. In the Trial Stakes at Geelong the promising filly Citoyenne by Gang Forward—La Naine (dam of Tyrolean) ran against a fence, and was so badly injured that she had to be de stroyed. The shocking death of Huht, the steeple chase jockey, on Saturday (says the Argus of February 1) will make the Geelong races re membered for yeara to come. Although he had ridden publicly little more than four years, he had already attained the reputation of being one of the cleverest, as well as the most fearless, of cross-country riders in Aus tralia. At the same time he was one of the unluckiest, and those who only hear of it now will be surprised to find that on three successive Saturdays be was thrown. A fortnight previously Chester II. fell with him in the Victorian Club Steeplechase at Flemington, and the next Saturday saw him apparently so seriously in jured on Moscow m the Steeplechase at Elsternwick park as to necessitate his re moval to the hospital, whence he was dis charged in time to steer Sinking Fund to victory in the Geelong Hurdle Race on Thurs day. Two days later he mounted Patchwork for his fatal ride. Huht was a general favorite, not simply for his prowess in the saddle, but for his modest and respectful bearing, his honesty, and steady irreproachable conduct. His parents are well-to-do German colonists resident in the neighborhood of Albury, and some time back he accompanied them on a trip to the fatherland. Huht was engaged to be married, and had promised his sweetheart that he would not ride again after his mount on Patchwork. Apart from this distressing accident the wind-up of the Geelong racing was remarkable in its surprises. The first was Donald's un expected success in the Juvenile Stakes, for which he started friendless after his sorry dis play on Thursday in the Sires' Produce Stakes. On Saturday, however, in the handicap, at a difference of two stone from the favorite, and a stone and a half from Damocles, he cut everything down in the straight, and confirmed in a measure Mr. Yuille's previously-expressed opinion that he was a promising colt. Donald is by Progress or King of the Ring out of a Musidora mare, and is in next season's V.R.C. Derby. The most severe blow administered to backers, however, was in the Geelong Handicap, which looked so certain a thing for Claptrap after his Gold Cup victory. But again the unex pected was provided in a runaway race for St, Odille, who was never caught. The filly was turned loose without being backed for a penny, in consequence of more than once disappoint ing her owner previously, and it was only by the merest chance that she saw the post, as Mr, Harper's intention, almost at the last moment, was not to start her. St. Odille is by St. Albans—Prioress, by Croagh Patrick— The Novice, by The Hermit, and is in the Newmarket Handicap at 6 st. After winning the Geelong Handicap the filly was backed to win a large stake at 100 to 4. The last win ning outsider—also unbacked—at Geelong, was the Tasmanian four-year-old Silvermine, who is by Napoleon—Silverhair, by Cervus— Prudence, by Jersey—Black Sal. The colt has been for some months in Foulsham's stable, He is in the New market Handicap with 0 st. 13 lb. Some excitement was occasioned during the day owing to the action of the stewards in ejecting Mr. B. Thompson from the stand en closure. Mr. Thompson was in the ring offer ing to bet on the first race, but did not book a wager. The stewards demanded the fee charged for all bookmakers, which Mr. Thomp son refused to pay, as he was not on the course on the first day of the meeting. He, however, tendered half the amount, which the stewards refused to accept, and as he did not leave when desired to do so he was ejected from the stand enclosure by the police. Mr. Thompson said that he had not made a bet, and offered to re frain from betting if permitted to remain in the stand enclosure, but this proposition was not acceded to. A fund has been organised by the bookmakers to test the authority of the stewards to eject any'one from the course. The Geelong racecourse, it may be mentioned,, is the property of debenture nolders. Since the publication of the Newmarket Handicap and Australian Cup weights busi ness at the rooms has been a bit brisker (says the Melbourne Sportsman of February 3). The six furlong race, which commands more atten tion than any other event, has been very freely operated upon, Uralla, Xantippe, Mer rimu, Malua, St. Odille, and Honeydew having each been backed at thousands to thirty straight out; and in doubles with Nordenfeldt, Matchlock, Sheet Anchor, Duration, and Grace Darling, at from thousands to two to five. _ No business of any importance has been done in the Australian Cup so far, and nothing appears to go down with backers for the Champion, bar Nordenfeldt and Sheet Anchor. The following are the latest quotations Newmarket Handicap—1000 to 30 St. Odille (tic.), 1000 to 30 Honeydew (tk. freely, 1000 to 40 off.), 1000 to 30 Solo (tk.), 1000 to 30 Malua (off.), 1000 to 30 Merrimu (tk.), 1000 to 30 Xantippe (tk. to win £5,000), 1000 to 30 Mozart (off), 1000 to 30 Silvermine (off.), 1000 to 30 The Ghost (off.), 1000 to 25 Bis Bis (tk.), 1000 to 20 William Tell (off.), 1000 to 20 The Israelite (tk.), 1000 to 20 Quentin Matsey3 (tk.) Australian Cup.—No bnsiness, save in doubles, about which 1000 to 5 on the field is j offered. Champion.—1000 to 500 Nordenfeldt (tk.), 1000 to. 150 Sheet Anchor (off.), 800 to 180 Sardius (tk.) A telegram sent from Pittsburg to the'Frisco press'on December 30 said John Teemer, the oarBman, has entered into an agreement with Reginald Laidley, of Sydney, Australia, to visit that country next spring and row two races with Beach. Laidley promises him a royal reception, innumerable presents, and immense winnings, when he pays the southern continent a visit. 