AUSTRALIA# PRESS AGENCY. (By Electric Telegraph.) Melbourne. August 9. At a meeting of the City Council to-day, a motion which was to be brought forward re lating to the re-establishment of tolU or a suitable substitute was postponed for a fortnight. A deputation from the Shop Employes' Union waited on the Chief Secretory to-day, and disclaimed any connection with tbe early closing disturbance which recently took place in Bourke Street. The Government have granted the unem ployed the use of a room in the Supreme Court building as a labor bureau. A number of men were put on at stone-breaking by the Railway Department, and several proceeded np the country on free passes under engage ment to railway contractors. A deputation from the Ironworkers' As sociation waited on tbe Minister for Public Works to-day, relative to a dispute in the iron trade, protesting against any concessions in extending time or remitting penalties bring accorded to the foundry proprietors in connection with Government contracts in case a threatened lock-out in the iron trade should take place. Mr. Nimmo said that AlWi IiUV UCUMkUlti uuui uuc uwu uianiiua had stated the other side of tbe case to morrow, lie would then annonnce his de cision. Alderman Benjamin has consented to al low himself to be nominated as next Mayor of Melbourne, conditional on the Council's choice being unanimous. The Chief Commissioner of Police lias received instructions to prohibit, in tbe fu ture, gatherings of tbe unemployed near Parliament Honse. Becently a meeting has been held in the front of the old Treasury, in contravention to law, which prohibits demonstrations being held within a e tone's .thro w of Parliament House. An inquest was held on the body of AI- phonsos Joseph M'Donnell, son of Mr. M. a M'Donnell, formerly Attorney -General of the colony. Tbe jury returned a verdict that deceased died from blood poisoning, caused through wonnds occasioned by falling off a tram-car while in motion. Tbe jury added the Melbourne Hospital, which, in their opinion, is the worse place to which wonnded persons era be taken. No blame was at tached to any of the officials. The Government have resolved to appoint a Commission of 19 members for the Vic torian Court at the Jubilee Exhibition to he held in Adelaide. At the Executive meeting to Jay the fol lowing Commission was appointed : — Mr. E. Mnrray Smith, President ; the Hon. F. T. Sargood, M.L.G., Vice-President ; Messrs. C. Young, A. L. Tucker, T. Bent, Hall, Officer, M's.L.A.; Winter, M.L.C. ; J. C. Stewart. Mayor of Melbourne; C. Salter, Mayor of Ballaiat ; S. H. MGowan, Mayor of Sandhurst ; L. L. Mount, President of the Chamber of Commerce; W. Trenwith, President of the Trades' Hall Council ; Dr. Plummer, Chairman of the Council of Agri cultural Education; J. Davies, J. M'Dougal, H. R. Hogg, D. Beath, and J. A. Kitchen. D. M. Cameron, oqe of the clerics in the office of the Colonial and Indian Exhibition, has-been appointed Secretary to the Ade laide Commission. The Wrights for tbe V.A.T.C. Grand National Meeting — Hurdle Race —Duration , 12st 41b ; Sheet Anchor, 12st ; fiuby, list 61b ; Huntsman, list lib ; Sir Launcelot, lOst Sib ; Ocean, 10at-5ib ; Koolyte, lOst 41b; Trataliser, lOst 21b ; Yet Again, Distiller, . a . . a .1 141k. j n-l JlVSb S JUUWU1| iuim , uuww A-tuiu, «ysw - 121b ; Mirth, 9st 111b ; Grattan, 9st 81b j Whalebone, 9at 71b ; Ebony, 9st 51b ; Lous, Black Diamond, Townley, Sultap, Bonnie Lad. Joey, -Sat. " Steeplechase. — Game, 12st 121b ; Lady Ashtpn, 12at 61b ; Studiey, 12st 21b ; Native, list. 101b ; Irishman, list 91b ; Goodwood, list 41b ; Wicklifie, lOst lUb ; Havelouk, lOst 81b ; Roulette, lOst 51b ; Tersng, lOst 41b ; Brown Eagle, lOst.; Letitia, Kestrel, Poor Lass, Sat 101b; Vowles, 9st 91b; Michael, Sir Samqel, Contingent, 9st 71b. Balaclava Stakes. — Boolka, 9st 61b ; Wil liam Tell, $st Sib; Grace Darling, 9st lib; Duration, 8st 121b; Mozart, Sst 111b; Cbnckster, Set 71b; The Ghost, Sst 61b; Meteor, 8st 41b; Gardenia, Sst 31b; Quia tin Metsya, Cameriae, and Middlemarch, Sstl; Allender and Plausible, 7st 121b ; Country Boy, Medea, Straight Shot, And Stafford, 7st IHb; Bridegroom, 7«t 101b; Maroney, ?st 91b ; Preston, 7st Sib ; Huron, .7st 71b ; Kobai and Salvo, 7st 61b ; -Vascosa, 7et 51b ; : Landon and Gadfly, Jet 41b ; My Dream, 7st 31b ; MMnsailjSt. Paul, Kenneth and West ern, 7sti Bathnret, Edith, and . Black Diamood, 6st 12lb; Mia-Mia, Ocista, Maori 1 1 lb; DonGio Van First Ptm.flat 101b; Bichworth, 6st 91b ; Mustang, The Ming's Son. Honey Bee, Millstream, 6st 61b ; 6og- reany, flat 71b; Pocahontas, Garibaldi/Fi tst Consul, Lady Bell, Walballa, Doogalston, 6sfc Olb ; St. Louie, 6st 51b ; Protector, fist 41b ; Meleagrida, fist 2lb ; Lord Sutton, Ex- Premier, fist. A better fee'.ing exists iu trade circles to day, In the inquiry for wheat for Sydney, better prices arc pending. Flour, £10 15s, feed grains, quiet ; oats to 3s 3d, market easier ; malting barley In Tequest to 4s fid paid j peas, dull to 3a 7d ; maize, 4s 2d ; bran, quiet, Is l£d. Midnight. In connection with' the crisis in the iron trade, the employers this afternoon endorsed the action of the Ironmasters1 Association in decidmg on a general lock -out on the 12th inst. if the dispute with the ironworkers is not referred to arbitration. The Langl&nds; Foundry Co. have virtually joined the .Iron- Masters' Association. They made a proviso to tbeir doing so, to the effect that the em ployers union shall, in the event of a lock- oat, make good any loss through the penalty clauses bring enforced in regar J to the non completion of contracts. Tbe Fonnan's Foundry Co. will state to-night whether they will join tbe Ironmasters' Association. A deputation of Ironmasters waited upon the Works Committee of tbe Harbor Trust, urg ing that specifications for future contracts should contain a clause exempting ironwork contractors from penalties for non-completion of contracts, when such nou- completioa shall arise from strides or lock-outs. The Works Committee promised to lay the matter before the Trust. A deputation from the Iron workers' Union also waited upon the Works Committee, protesting against the proposal of tbe Ironmasters, as stated above. The Works Committee promised to lay the views of tbe Ironworkers before the Harbour Trust also. An ordinary meeting of the Seamens1 guiuu was neia co-mgut. ine press were not admitted. The only business done iu connection with the crisis in the shipping trade was the discussion of a proposal re ceived by telegram from the Brisbane branch of the Union in favour of delegates being ap pointed to attend a conference amongst the Unions in Sydney. It was ultimately decided to take no action until further advices had been received from Sydney. The annual mask ball of the Melbourne Deutecher Turn Verein was held at the Ex hibition building to-night. It was a brilliant success, and tbe building was croivded with masqueraders, while the galleries were full of spectators. The Chamber of Manufactures held a meeting to-night, when a motion was carried unanimously supporting the action of the Melbourne City Council, in urging upon the Government the necessity for an extension of tbe city westward towards the Salt Water River. A lengthy discussion then took place on the motion affirming the desirability of the establishment of a Board of 21 members representing the whole of tbe commercial and labor interests of this colony to consider the question of intercolonial free trade and reciprocal tariffs. An amendment was moved to the effect that the different colonies should appoint delegates and meet in conference to discuss the question of intercolonial free trade based on a Customs Union with a uniform tariff. The debate was eventu ally adjourned. The feeling of the meeting was in favor of suspending discus sion until a report was received from the conference between the Chambers of Manu factures and Commerce, now considering the subject. Tenders for the first section of the Great Southern Railway, viz., 57 miles from Dau- denong, will be called for on 1st September. 