OLD MASTERS AND TURNER -AT THE. ROYAL. ACADEMY. (FROM OUR SPECIAL COlUl-Sl-OKDHKT.) LONDON, JAN. 8. The Royal Academy opened its galleries at Burling- ton House, Piccadilly, to the public last Monday, with an exhibition of " Old Masters," Turner drawings, and works by Joseph "Wright. The Exhibition is one more proof of the enormous wealth of England in the shape of art treasures. There are twelve works by Wright, forty-six drawings by Turner, and no less than one hundred and ninety- eight pictures by Old Masters and deceased British artists. It would be idle to attempt a descriptive article of such a collection which would convey to persons at a distance any adequate idea of its contents ; but it is intended to try to convey a mental impression which may be interesting, even though it add but little to knowledge. Recalling, then, what one has seen after a saunter through the rooms, great names suggest themselves the greatest of names, indeed-Titian, Corroggio, Both ceUi, Giorgiono, Clause, Jon Stcon, Toniers, Reynolds, Romney, Gainsborough, Wilkie, and the rest. Then, on you further thought, those illustrious names become associated in one's mind with certain pictures. Let us glance at these, and, for a help to memory, we will put against each artist's name the period during which he lived. Titian (1477-1570) is represented by no less than five works. Brilliant as a colourist in almost all departments of an historical and religious compositions, landscape, and portraiture-it is as a portrait painter that he stands pre-eminent among the painters of the sixteenth century. Of the composite order there is a splendid example in the " Venus and Adonis," the nude figure of the woman in which is almost perfect in fleshing, and scarcely less so in the drawing of the strained body as she embraces Adonis and seeks to do tain him from the chase. This picture, like Shnks peare's poora, illustrates the ardour of rival passions; those of love and of the chase. But on this occasion, as in the year of the far-renowned " Queen of Cyprus," Titian is best represented by a portrait ; which is that of "An Admiral of the Contarini family." In manly beauty' and in the depiction of armour this is very fine. Correggio (1404-1584), "tito anatomised of light and shade in endless gradation," and brilliant colourist, is represented by three works, all of which are "Holy" Families." One of these, the property of the editor of the Nineteenth Century, is a half-length figure of the Virgin seated, with a child on her lap, and with a landscape in the background. This work is as brilliant as if painted yesterday, and has all the transparency of a painting on ivory. Botticelli (1447-1-15), in pictures of a " Virgin and Child " and " La Bella Simonetti," has all the charm of the old pre-Raphaelite school. Jan Steen (1620-1070), in an origin in a public-house, and Toniers (1610 644), in a large landscape, in which his own peculiar in drawn Dutchmen are making merry, are admirable examples of the Dutch school, which is largely and very finely represented. Reynolds (1723-1702), especially in his sweet " Mrs. Sheridan," the actress Miss Linley, with whom Sheridan sloped, and Gainsborough (1727-1788)-onco more show themselves stalwart masters in portraiture ; as does also Romney (1784 1802) with his often-painted, and ever beautiful Emma Lyon, afterwards Lady Hamilton. Wilkie's (1785 1841) " Chelsea pensioners reading the Waterloo despatch is true historical painting, and is of perennial freshness. The greatest picture in the present collection, perhaps, is that of "Temperance," by Giorgiono (1477-1511). All that goes to make a picture in the highest and best sense is here. Drawing, richness of texture, and grace of fold of drapery, expression, feeling, all are manifest. And yet it is only a girl taking a drink of water at a fountain. It is a full length draped figure, with a golden light upon her long and abundant auburn hair. The perfect draughtsmanship, the graceful poise and modest bearing, and the beauty of colour, thrill the spectator, but are wholly inexpressible. If this exhibition were not certain to be known as the " First Turnor Drawing Year," it might be identified as that of Giorgiono's " Temperance " year. Happily this picture belongs to the Royal Academy, and not to a private collector. The Joseph "Wright whose works figure so largely; here is known as " "Wright of Derby," to distinguish him from " Liverpool Wright, the marine painter, and from "Wright the miniature painter. He was born at Derby in 1784, and died there in 1797. He was a gentle and modest man of versatile talent He is represented among others by " T_9 Orrery." In his early life he evinced a great taste for scientific pursuits and studies, and when, at mature age, he visited Italy, he was fortunate enough to see an eruption of Vesuvius. It was, this combination of disposition and experience which largely influenced his subsequent work. In this picture of the " Orrery," for instance, we have Mr. Denby, the scientific lecturer, with an artery before him,' addressing a small assembly of persons, all of whom are portraits. It is almost Rombrandtish in its effect of artificial light and shade. "We have said that Wright was a man of versatile genius. Some of his portraits and portrait compositions are re- mindful of Sir Peter Ladies, and His landscapes, well composed and carefully drawn, are really full of power. Even in these, his studios and love of violent light in contrast to deep shade' are evident. His " High Tor, Matlock," is a moonlight scene, with reflected light on the water, and deep, dark clouds scudding across the sky, from the previously obscured luminary. He was admirable, too, in allegory. In the " Old Plan and Death," an illustration the well-known allegory of the utterly poor and wretched old man who, gathering sticks, wishes himself dead, and then, being confronted by grim Death (represented by a skeleton), is appalled, is an exceedingly able paint- ing of horror. It is an extraordinary fact that Wright never had recourse to picture dealers. So much in request were his productions that they were purchased off the vessel and there never has, until now, been an exhibition of his works in London for just a hundred years. It was in 1785 that he himself gathered a collection of his works together in an auction room in the Piazza, Covent Garden. It is not to be wondered at then that his works are little known out of Derby. He was made an Associate of the Royal Academy, but subsequently threw up his diploma in pique at a rival artist being made a full Academician in preference to himself. It may have been observed that in the foregoing remarks no reference has been made to Claude except by name. It is proposed to turn into the now water colour room and look at Turner's drawings, and come back to Claude's landscapes incidentally. The present exhibition of Turner's water-colours which is intended to be the first of a long series comprises 40 works. These include some of Mr. Ruskin's, some from Farley Hall, near Otley, in Yorkshire, the host of which, Mr. Fawkes, was one of Turner's greatest friends and admirers and the rest from private galleries. Those drawings, happily, are nearly all in good condition, retain apparently all their original brilliance, and shows the great landscape painter at his best. It will be sufficient to refer to a few only to convey an idea of the whole, and to indicate what Turner really was in this department of Art. The pictures range from the tiny six inches by nine up to the 40 inches by 27. The method usually pursued by landscape painters is to accentuate the essential human association with nature. That was Claude's method. here is the description of one by him A wooded landscape near a bay, a mountain rises on the left ; while in the foreground is a bridge over which the Holy Family are about to pass. Not only a human association is here, but also a divine impress. In all of the three pictures by Claude now exhibited There are pleasing phases of nature, dazzling sunset with the sun- glow on the foreground, the repose of quiet pabtomlnosB, and what not but withal, some conspicuous, almost self-assertive, human suggestion. By that method the paths of nature may be interpreted, but not its grandeur. Turner, on the contrary, had an overpowering sense of nature's mightiness, grandeur, and awfulness. In this exhibition there are works which show the artist's skill in dealing with more pastoral Sweetness. Such, for instance, is the Farley Hall." Turner visited at country mansions, and really, in the deep-down kindness of his being desired He do the best he could for his hosts in the delineation of their resi- dence-. " Furnley Hull " is a case in point. It now belongs to Mr. Ruskin, and he thus speaks of' it: " This drawing of Farnley Hall is an entirely characteristic one. The subject itself is by no means interesting, and would not have stayed Turner for a moment in itself, the blank, broad hillside being extremely difficult to treat, and its scattered piece of wood apparently in- tractable into any trace of composition. But not a space of the park is modified ; just as the to see really vi ere yet, I he eats them j marks "carefully the line of the drive M to the house, and then applies his whole skill to lay the eye delightedly into the finances of distance- across the moorlands and to find minute decoration of herb. age and death among the sandstone blocks of the fore. ground. There is nothing more lovely or more trot existent by his hand." But it is in such works as The Devil's Bridge, Mont St Gothard," " The Right at Sunrise," and "The light at Sunset," that Turner por! trays for us, with an unfettered hand, the exceeds grandeur and awfulness, and the glory, too, of nature as she rises far above the littleness of the poor children of earth. " The Devil's Bridge " is a large picture (40 x 27). On the left rise enormous sunlit brown cliffs reaching to the top of the picture, where speed is obtained of snow-capped distant mountains; on the right the corresponding cliff, in grey and cobalt shadow" Along a mured causeway to the left pack mules make thee- sad Away. From the heights of rock on the right jets of water shoot down into the gorge, which is W in the blue of infinite depth and up the same germ come ghost-like volume of mist. It is a scene familiar to all tourists in Switzerland ; but no one-. save soul ever gazed upon the like without feeling, with the Psalmist, "What is man that Thou art mindful of him." Nature in her grandeur; God behind Nature and man humbled by the very pressure of definiteness. And what this picture is in awfulness the two Rights aroiasplen dour. In the first, AVO see the sun rising behind the Right, with Lake Lucerne in the foreground. Above the peak is brilliant yellow light, with a Bothlehom star yet shining far up in the morning sky, while below on the lake all is yet obscured in blue mist. In the other we see a soft roseate after-glow on the mountain, while below there is wealth of colour on the water, on the shore, and about the Swiss water-folk who pursue their avocations on the lake. All that the most fortunate tourist has experienced at foot of Right is here recorded by a divinely endowed seer and artist. These Rights are two of a set of ton Swiss pictures which Turner, when. 65 years of age agreed with Mr! Griffith, the dealer, to taint for 80 guineas apiece' including commission. One of the set Lucerne Town-! Mr. Ruskin subsequently sold for a thousand pounds. A few years ago," Mr. Ruskin says, "Mr. Vokins came to me, saying he wanted a first-rate Turnor drawing; had I one to spare? " "Well," I said, "I have none to spare, yet I have a reason for letting one first-rate ones go, if you give me a price." ' " What will you take ? " "A thousand pounds." " Mr. Vokins wrote me the cheque in Denmark Hill drawing-room (my old servant, Lucy Tovey, bringing pen and ink) and took the Lucerne. Lucy, annoyed and sorrowful, put the drawing into his carriage. "I wished to get dead Turner for one drawing his own. original price for the whole ten, and thus did." "With this pretty story, so full of noble sentiments the part of the great art critic and interpreter of Turner, we take our leave of the Turner drawings until another year. 