Aunt Betsy's Present. ' Wull, T Tr.uBt say I thinV it horribly moan of jour Aui c BotBy, Butella. After ma ing such a fuvuurilo of you all your life, and having you with hor cvor since you woro a more baby, slio might havo sont you something worth htvirig on your twenty-first birthday, esp--oUllv as she knows how poor wo are sinoo jour father's doatb,' caid my mother sharply, 'You had bettor Uko it ns a hint for tho future rmd not build »nv more e:\Btlea on what Aunt JJctsy is likely to do for you,' remarked my sister Lena. Walt'r, my brothor, added with provoking g'inmce : — ' Horo endtth :ny sister Stella's ? great expec tations,' ' 'Ton need not mako such unpleasant ro mark*,' I&ddid;, pettishly. 'In sending mo the portrait of her old swouth'es.rr, poor auntie has given me her greatest t oiBure, and she, no doubt, thinks I shall value it as much as Bho decs' ' Well, it may come in useful, after all, for if, as I oipeot, you never get a sweetheart, y ju can imagine he was your.}, when you ar-) a sour old maid like Aunt Betsy,' said Lena, who prided herself not a little on being engaged at 18, Tvhi'.o I at- 21 had never had en offer, or oven I he ghost of a lover. I had lived with Aunt Botsy down in her quiet oouttry homo in tha south of Cornwall until n-y father's death two years before, whon ooming up to I.onron for his funeral, I found my mother left in such straitened circuruatancea tbut I ielt it my duly to Bluy and earn whufc money 1 could to help her. Thereby, however, I incurred Aunt Be'sy's ang(-r. ' Surely,' she wrote, ' your brother and sister can help your mothsr. You hava no neod to leave mo lonely in my old ago, after I have had all the trouble of you as a child.' &o.; I would willingly hava returned, for a oloie London lodging waB not at all to my tasta after my aunt's largo, airy country house, but my mother teemed to lean on me, and co dre&ded; my leaving hor that I had not the heart to go. Aunt Betey noithnr came nor wrote, and I had quite resigned myself to the idea, that I was hopelessly on hor bleck books when the above related evrot took p^uce. B'ow I knew that I was forgiven. In her eoriy youth Aunt Betsy, then tha beautiful Elizabeth Maraton, my father's only sitter, had bton engaged to the son and heir of a wealthy London banker. He had been »ont abroad on business for his father juit boforo they wora to havo bson mar ried, and through the jealous treachery of an other man who had madly loved her, and wished to supplant his rival the engagement had been suddenly broken off by him. Ho then remained ab.-oad, ucd Aunt Betsy never hoard from him again. Just before he left England ho hud presented her .willi a beautiful little miniature of himself set in gold and diamonds, and this flio kopt, together with her maiden name. Jio other lover ovor induced her to olmnge it. As a girl I had often soon and reverently ad mired tho pretty souvenir, arid I bait taken all a girl's leen interest, in the love-Btory attached to it. Aunt had always told ma it was to be minp, and nnw I felt cerlaiu, with this treasure in my possession, that I had not quite lost my old place in her favour, though I heird in tha same letter in which she solemnly commended the portrait to my care, that Bhe had adopted an orphan girl in my place as her companion and probable heiress. I put the letter and portrait away with a sigh of rolief for my eld happy home, with its quiet and freedom from tho daily toil and worry that were now my portion. ThingB went on from bad to worse with us, and my twenty; second birthday found me in despair. Walter, in despair, had gono to New Zealand, Lena had married on a V6ry elender income, and gone to Jive in tbe north. I could not bend to aek help from Aunt Betsy, and my mother was ill, and my work bo spares that I could barely find us in the necessaries of life. At lest I, too, becamo ill, and we had not a penny in the Iioubb ; everything wo had, eveu poor mamma's engagement ring, had gone for food. ' IStolla, you must go and got somo money. Mrs. Burton cars she wiil have the rent to morrow, or wo shsll have to, turn out into the circa. ' Thire io— would you mind, dearP — your. Aunt. Betsy's present ?, you could get enough for that to keep us for a long time.' ' Mamma, dear, I cannot, dare not Bell it ! Anything of mine I wculd not withhold, but this— oh, don't ask me !' 'jirid yet the generous donnr has novor sent us the price of a loaf,' said my mother, bitterly. 'Well, take my wedding-riDg ; it has never beon off my finger sirjce your poor, dear father put it en 26 years ago ; but it tnuBt go cow.' 'No, no, mcinnro, you must not, shall not take it off. I will go end tske aunt'B present, not to sell, but to the pawnshop ; then I may, perhaps, get it back when Walter sendB us some money.' ?With a heavy heart and weary, lagging steps, I dfparted on my hateful errand. All our. tbiDgs had been sold ; wo had preferred to lose them to going into tlitt last disgraceful refuge of the destitute, a London pawnbroker's. .Arrived outulde, I paotd to and fro, until my tottering limbs, weak from illness and crntiuusl fasting, warned mo that my Btrength would not hod out much loEger. . I entered. Only one othor person — a tall, dark gentleman, vrhose faco I could not see in the Eemi- darkness — stood there talking to the ehoprron. 'I tell jou, my man, the plate is here. It hBB been traced by a clever detective, who will join me here in a few minutes. He is. only delayed because he thinkj ho has traced the thief, and has gono to follow up the search.' ' Well, «ir, I am sure you aro mistaken, but my prinoipal will bo hero in a few minutes ; you must talk to him. What can I do for you, joung woman t' he asked, turning to me Borne what eagerly, evidently glad of an excuse to eya^e tho unpleaiant visitor's conversation. Unable to speak, I drew forth my treasure. The shopkeeper looked suspiciously at me as he took it up and tested it. 'Tour name and address, pleaBO,' he said, Bharply, ' And how much do you want ?' 'I -nanl a— a ltttle money, if you please,' I faltered. Ab I spoke the gontleman turned, and I oould feel a pair of bright, keen eyes scanning my pole face I grew more helplessly oonfusod; my tongue refused to utter a word. '? Tell the Bhopman how- muoh you want and your name, my good girl,' he said, in s kind and pitjing tone. Then, for the first time, I raised my eyes to his face, feeling that I had found a friend. Merciful heaven ! was I dreaming, or had my late troubles driven reason from my brain, and. filled it with wild dehisivo fancies. Surely there stood the original of Aunt Bttsy's portrait, ink yonng and stalwart ss he had berp 40 years Ego, when it was taken. In vain I tried to spoak, I could only point helplmly to the portrait; the shop witn its occupants and its contents swam around me, and with a cry for help I sank fainting to the ground. When I next woke to eonioiouaness I wao lying on an improvised bed on the old couoh in our littin . room at home. I moved my head ; it felt weak and sore. Then I tried to lift my hands, hut to my surprise I was powerless to do io. A woman plainly dressed, with a kind, motherly face, was sitting near me, and rose as Imoved' I looked around bewildered. 'Mamma I ' I called feebly. 'Hush, huth, my dear miBS,' laid tho kind' looking .woman soothingly. ' You -must not speak ; jour mamma is asleep, and you might wake her.' Bo I lay still, wondering weakly who she was and who had Bent her there i but presently, seeing hor stir the flro into a blaze, I i'orgobher caution, as ell my old anxieties came baok, and I laid pleadingly : 'Don't poke the fire, please It will burn out too quiokly, and Tre have no more cools.' ' Oh, now, miis, you have been dreaming. The cellar is nearly full, the coals only came last week.' Again I essayed to answer, but was so gently jet with suoh authority ordered to be quiet that I was glad to o»By, so I Ibj still, enjoying the sensation of being able not even to think. Ia a day or fwo I grew stronger, and one morning, to my delight, my mother oumo in, and I had leave given me to talk a little.. .. - Then I heard all about my late adventure... . ' It is really- a moit wonderful event, ,my dear, and readB like a chapter out of a three- ' volume novel,' said my mother, who, by tho way Icoked quite bright and stroDg again. 'When you fell down, in a fuiut, you lot fall Iho envelope in whioh you had carried tho miniature, and the gci tlcmau who was in the shop ? ' \- 'I remember him,matnnia,'I cried oxoilcdly; 'he wan the very imago of tho portrait. I fancied I mUBl bo dreaming.' '3hat is tbo strangest part of the story, but you won't let me (ell it to you properly, my dear. That gontleman saw your name and address, brought you homo in a oab, eont a nureoin and evorj thing wo wanted, and he has been our good an^el ever sinoo. Me ia Arthur Baobleigh, the only son of your aunt Betsy's old lover, who, after mourning the supposed failhlessuctB of hia old lovo, married late in life, and has not, long been dead, leaving Arthur u lar£P fortune His astonishment at seeing you with hia folher'B poi trait, you may bo sure, was vciy great. However, it was a very luoky thing foruB; after all, aunt Betsy's proaent waa not such a poor one. By tho wa-, here it ia ; Mr. Bath'eigh was kind enough to bring it back withi him.' There was ono thing which diJ not appear to concern my mother in the least, hut uiado my. pule face flamo, and that was tbo idea of ro ceivitg oil these benefits from a more stranger, ? upon ?whom wo had ni.t the slightest olaim, unless the fact that his father. 40 years ago, had been my aunt's lover could bo considered one. So I made up an eloquent speeoh, in wliioh I thanked him warmly for all hi-i goodness, and delicately yet firmly conveyed tho information that ] intended to repay him as soon as I could get work again. But. carefully ub I rehearsed it, that eloquant I peech wns ntver utterod, nor did I wonder at my mothtr's willingness to re ceive benefits f rom him,' when once 1 had Been and talkodwitii him. Ho was so lonely, ho eaiii ; he had not a friend or relative in Sngland, und a man cervaut, whom he had treated with kindness and confidence, had just robbed him of some ?\ aluablo old family p'ato which his father had thought highly of, and had carried with him in all.hiB wandeiiDgs. For me, mny 1 confess it without oh*me —tha grateful interest I f-jlt in him soon grew into love, and, ahj happy us my life has been Bines, can 1 cvtr forget that happy evening when walkirg home from the thoatrc, whithorha had token me, he told me that he loved me dearly, und titled me to be his wife P ' But I— I am poor, I am not pratty, and I »m eo old!' I pleaded, fearing to acoept this fiweet cow happiners, and minuful o£ Lona's drpiecibtion of my personal appoaranco, age, Arthur laughed and drew my arm clcsar in his. ' If you aro too old for marriago at 22, how may I hope, with lix more years added on, over to enter that blisoful olato ?' ho asked. . 66 I Enid yep, and Boon after we all went dewn to Aunt L'etey's, and there I was married at the little village churoh to the son of her old lover, who loved and reverenced the queer, touchy old maid not a. littlo for her loyal de votion to hiii father. So Aunt Betsy's present saved my dear mother's life, and also saved me from tha dreadful fato Lena had threatened me with. I bad it nrado into a locket, and wear it con stantly. It is generally mistaken for tho pro trait of my dear husband, eo is the large oil painting of hia father whioh hangs in our drawing-room, from which the miniature was copied. We aro very happy, and when my brothor Walter comes home, as we expect him to do with hie young bride, nexb Ohristmas, we shall havo a wonderful etory to tell him of that same present which he and Lena had thought so little cf. _____________ 