THE BROKEN SEAL. A NOVEL. By DORA RUSSELL, Author of "Footprints in the Snow," "The Vicar's Governess," "Out of Eden," &c.; [Published by special arrangement with the authoress. All rights reserved.] flFTAPTTTR TTI.—Tm KnuivBTaw Anus. Nearly every afternoon the bar of the Bur leigh Anns (the old-fashioned Plymouth tavern into which John Lester had been carried half fainting more than twenty years ago) tvas crowded with customers. The house had a good reputation, for one thing the drink sold was said to be good drink, and for another the landlady was a popular woman, and many of the frequenters of the Burleigh Arm3 had known her since the days when as a slim, Eink-cheeked young girl, old John Burleigh had rst brought her to preside there. But she was no longer slim. A rosy, comely, very stout woman stood turning the tap3 where she had stood for thirtv years. She was a good-natured creature, and had a smile nearly as bright now as when she had won the hid landlord's heart, and he had married his sister's nursemaid. She had her je3t and her laugh with her customers always ready, but she was known to be a highly respectable person, and no man ever said a rude word twice to her. Her second marriage was a well-known fact, and her second husband was generally considered to be a very foolish man not to take full advantage of all the gbod things that had fallen to his lot. He had had several rivals for'the hand of the fair and well-endowed widow, and a certain Captain Dow, a retired master of a sailing vessel had felt himBelf particularly aggrieved when Mrs. Burleigh wedded John Lester, the handsome soldier. Not that he had any real reason to feel aggrieved, for Daniel Dow wis a man of slow and steady ways of life, and he had never yet hinted to Mrs. Burleigh that he wishedto marry her, when to his great disgust he found she was going to marry somebody else. He had only sat and stared at her, and drunk his rum with unfailing regularity from her hands. And now for twenty-three years he had drunk hiB rum and stared at her still. He came so surely, and sat down on the bench opposite to her, twice a day, that Mrs. Lester took no more notice of him than she took of the glass bottles that decked her shelves. She never thought of him, in fact. She tfas a married woman, faithful and true to her hu3 bandj absent or piesent, but this old wicked, rum-imbibing sea- captain sat there and thought of her day after day, always hoping that something would happen to the absent soldier. Daniel Dow reckoned bis chances in his slow way, and hope never died out of his heart. There was the sword first—the old, Bad words of Holy Writ so often fulfilled, that he who taketh it up shall perish by it—then there was climate, the cholera, fever, snake bites, ship wrecks. ' Surely a man exposed to all these dangers would not hold on so fast to life as the steady-going person who sat there daily staring at his wife and wishing him dead! The only danger that seemed to threaten Daniel Dotv's existence was too much rain. But he fras prudent withal. He kept none at home; he drank four glasses every day at the Burleigh Arms, and he was a seasoned cask. In person be was stout, very stout and short; in visage round and red, in speech slow and sure. He was Eitting in his usual place, at his usUal hour, and at his usual occupation on the day following Major Doyne's ill-omened visit to Roden Court. It was about 3 o'clock iu the afternoon, and the bar was fairly full. Petty officers, dockyard men, commercial travellers, soldiers and sailors, were passing out and in. Daniel had come to his second glass, and his round eyes were fixed on the buxom landlady with a persistent stare. There Bhe stood, florid, comely, with blue eyes, and a large flat, shining face, and her light brown hair in crimped bands on either side— her dress apparently made purposely to attract attention toner excessive rotundity. At least, it was light-colored and flowery, and her bibbed apron was light- colored and flowery too, and trimmed with white lace and tied with a colored ribbon. But she had been a pretty woman. She had a clean, honest, smiling look that was pleasant to the eye, and a dimple in her round white chin. She was very busy, when a hansom cab, containing two gentlemen, drove up to the door of the " Burltigh Arms,"'and a minute later en tered i he bar. No (ne can stand thirty yeart Jlooking at their fellow-beings without getting some knowledge of what people are by their appearance. As the brown slender little man, with the long tawny moustache, advanced towards her Mrs. Lestsr knew very well he was a military officer. Army men (officers) were out o! her line of business, but she had seen dozens of such as this in the Btreets, and ehe at once addressed the two with marked civility. " What can I get you, gentlemen ?" The little soldier pulled his long moustache and looked up at his taller companion before he replied, who gave a very feeble smile in return. They had forgotten they were ex pected to drink something, and they were not thirsty. They had come there on an errand that made bodily requirements seem as nothing to them. They were both very pale, and Major Doyne was nervous and fidgety, and Alan Lester cold and reserved. He had made up his mind; he was hiding the bitter blow that he had received under a little extra calmness and steadiness of demeanor. "I'll have a brandy and soda, I think," jerked out Major Doyne. "Can we have private room, landlady ?" "Certainly, gentlemen. Rose (Rose was the barmaid), show the gentlemen into the blue parlor." Rose proceeded forthwith to usher Major Doyne and Alan Lester into the very room where John Lester had been carried all those long years ago ! It was a little room behind the bar—neat, tidy, flowery, as the landlady herself. The furniture covered with a bright blue print; the walls were painted in two Bhades of blue, and the mantelpiece was adorned with quaint offerings from foreign lands, brought by Mrs. Lester's various sea faring acquaintances. Big shells (awful to ba hold when we reflect on the living monsters that must have inhabited them), little Indian ivory figures, and in fact strange things wrought by strange people; bits of Chinese embroidery, maBBive in gold and silver, and rich colors ahd extraordinary designs. Alan Lester looked at these things vaguely; the thought crossed his mind, did poor John bring any of them here? Had he sat here ? Was his pale ghost perhaps here now to see justice ddde'to his wife and child ? In the meanwhile Rose had brought in the brandy-and soda, and given the bright maho gany table a little unnecessary polish with her checked white muslin apron in passing. " Is there anything else, gentlemen ?" she asked. Alas, poor Rose! Wert thou given that sweet name in mockery to thy dull pitted 1 skin, thy uncouth features? For certain reasons of her own Mrs. Lester always en gaged a plain barmaid, and she had certainly done this with a vengeance when she took poor Rose. Yet the girl was honest, handy, would work and moil while others played, though nature had indeed served her a scurvy trick. She stood there, perhaps, conscious of her ugliness when she asked Alan and Doyne if they required anything else. There was none of the coquettishUess of young womanhood. She had a humble deprecating look; the look you see on the faces of the very poor. "Can we see the landlady here?" asked Alan Lester, in a low steady voice. " The missus—Mrs. Lester?" enquired^Rose. " Yes," said Alan, and a little quiver passed over his pale face as he heard her name. "I'll see, sir," said Rose, and she dis appeared, and a few moments later Mrs. Lester came bustling in. < "Is there anything I can do for you, gentlemen ?" she asked, with her pleasant smile. "I want to ask you a few questions," said Alan Lester, Mrs. Lester looked uneasy. She lifted the end of her flowery apron as if to examine the pattern; she heaved an anxious sigh. " My Jim's not been getting into any fresh trouble, I hope, gentlemen ?" she said at length. " Your son ?" asked Alan quickly. "Yes, sir, my only one—and his pa's not here—and he's getting past my management. " It is not about your son I came here to speak," said Alan, forcing his words from his lip3 with a painful effort; "I want to ask about your marriage ?" "My marriage, sir?" answered Mra. Lester, sharply, her complexion deepening in tint. " There is nothing to be said against that, is there? That's all right, anyhow." " I mean your second marriage." "Yes, sir, I married John Lester twenty-ohe years ago gone June—do you know anything about my John?" Alan hesitated. How could he tell this poor soul that her John lay cold and stark ? "John'sa soldier," went on Mrs. Lester; "folks say I should have done better than that," eke added [bridling, and with a smile, " but I just took to him, and I had no one but myself to please—my first old man had been dead and gone these three years when I married John—but I have had a lonesome life of late, for John's regiment has been in foreign parts these five years, and they have only just got home, and I'm looking now to have my man back, and I've made up my mind I'll not be parted from him any more." Lester looked at Major Doyne, and turned away hi3 head. He felt the task was beyond his strength; he could not give the poor woman this cruel blow, and Major Doyne understood. "I am sorry," said Doyne, casting down his eyes and pulling his moustache, " to be obliged to tell you bad news. Your husband, John Lester, was stationed at Gortmouth " "He is there, sir,"interrupted Mrs. Lester, turning very pale. "I am in command at Gortmouth, "proceeded MajGr Doyne, " and I regret very deeply to tell you that John Lester died quite suddenly in the barrack-yard the day before yesterday." The shriek that Mrs. Lester gave when she heard this dreadful news rang through the house. The men standing round the bar heard it, and Captain Dow heard it, and jumped to his feet, and ran as fast a3 he could go into the little blue parlor, "What's the matter?" he asked. Poor Mrs. Lester had flung herself on her knees on the floor and had thrown her apron over her head. "Oh, John, John!" she wailed, wringing'her hands, " shall I see you no more ?" "What's the matter?" again asked Daniel. "John's dead, Captain Dow," answered the poor woman, "my John's dead." Daniel Dow said nothing. The hour had come that he had waited for so long, and dull sense of pleasure and satisfaction crept into his heart. "Perhaps Mrs. Lester would like to see her son?" said Alan Lester, gently and com passionately. "Ob, yes, sir, send for Jim, send for Jim!" cried Mrs. Lester in bitter distress. "He'll be at his billiards. Tell him his poor pa dropped down quite Budden in the barrack-yard !" Alan went out of the room to dispatch a messenger to seek young Lester, and Major Doyne tried to say some commonplace con soling words to the poor widow. "HewaB a good soldier and a brave man," he said ; " we have all to die, you know, Mr3, Lester, and his sufferings were very brief." " If he had only been at home, sir !" wept Mrs. Lester. " I've urged him so often—he had everything comfortable here—oh ! why, why did he go away !" Daniel Dow upon this went back to the bar, and demanded a third glass of rum from the hands of Rose. Then he sat down on his old seat, and began vague speculations for the future. There was a row of Dutch-shaped bottles on a high shelf just opposite to him, and he fixed his round eyes on these, and thought they would look better and bs handier lower down. He thought of various alterations and improvements, and was only interrupted m his mental calculations by the entrance of ycung James Lester, who had been sent for from a neighboring billiard-room, Alan Lester was walking slowly up and down before the door of the Burleigh Arms, waiting for this youth, when he made his appearance. Naturally Alan looked at him with strong interest. He was about twenty; good-looking, fresh colored, with a bold pro minent blue eye, and rather a swaggering manner and gait. He blushed when he saw Alan. He thought he was the officer who had come to tell his mother of his father's death, and he was ashamed of his father having been a private soldier. He little guessed the keen and miserable in terest with which Alan Lester was regarding his face. His brother's son, his near kinsman, the heir of the old name! These thoughts passed like lightning through Alan's brain as he stood there looking intently at Jame3 Lester, and beneath his fixedj gaze the bold blue eyes shifted and fell. "Are you the gentleman who has come to tell my mother that poor father i3 dead, sir ? " the next moment asked James Lester, again looking up at the grave sad face before him. "Yes," answered Alan briefly, and he turned away his eyes with a stifled sigh. " I regret to bs the bearer of ill news, but your father died the day before yesterday at Gort mouth." "Awful sudden, sir. What did he die of ?" asked the young man. "He dial of spasm of the heart—he had had attacks before—but this one killed him in a few minutes." "Dreadful thing, sir; I'm awfully sorry. It's very good of you to come and tell mother. Won't you come into the house and have some thing to drink ?" " No, thank you ; but I will speak to your mother. I will call on her again about some arrangements." " Yes, to be sure. Where's the funeral to be?" "We can arrange about that to-morrow; I will go in now and speak to your mother." As he said this Alan Lester re-enterei the tavern and went straight across the bar to the little blue parlor at the back, followed by James Lester. Mrs. Lester was still there, crying bitterly, and Major Doyne was trying to say soma kindly words to her, but at the sight of her son she rose and flung her arms aro and his neck. "Oh, Jim!" she cried, "have you heard, have you heard ? your poor pa's gone—he'll not come back any more—he won't be here at Christmas as he promised—and the pudden's made. I alwayssent him a Christmas puddein, sir," she continued, wiping her streaming ejfes with her flowery apron, and addressing Major Doyne; "wherever he was, in the Ingie3, and all, John had his puddeu quite regular, and this one he was to have at home, and he won't be here to eat it !" And again sobs Choked the poor creature. It was impossible hot to sympathise with her, Her genuine bitter sorrow, her homely language, touched Alan Lester's heart so much that he went up to her and wrung her hand. "I will come and see you tomorrow," he said; "try to take some comfort. Your hus band was a good man—a brave and good man. Major Doyne will tell you so, who was his officer for years; and I think you would like to see poor John again." " Ob, yes, sir; I was going to ask about that," said Mrs. Lester, now looking up eagerly, " but my head's in such a whirl, like, I can remember nothing; but may I have him home, sir—may I have nis body home ?" And she looked at Major Doyne. "Certainly, Mrs. Lester," he answered; "I shall see about all necessary arrangements. And now we shall leave you with your Bon." And he put his arm through Alan Lester's, and the two bowed and were just leaving the room when Alan Lester suddenly remembered something. "I will leave my card," he said, "and write the address of our hotel on it." He did this, and after he was gone young Jim Lester, who was by no means heartbroken at the news of his father's death, for he had been but a youth of 15 when poor John LeBter went away, took up Alan Lester's card with some interest. "Hollo, mother," he said, "what's this? Had poor father any swell relations—Sir Alan Lester, Roden Court. Can this swell be any relation of ours ?" " Don't talk that light-hearted, Jim," wept Mrs. Lester; "your poor pa's gone where swells and no swells is all the same—there's ho difference there—but poor John had no rela tions that I know on; this gentleman is nothing to us." "The name's the same, anyhow." Mrs. Lester made no answer; she continued rocking herself to and fro in her grief, wail ing [and bemoaning; she would not be com forted. In the meanwhile Daniel Dow had fallen into a gentle dose on his accustomed bench be fore the bar. He had gone on counting the bottles on the shelves until sleep over came him, and he went on counting them in his dreams. Suddenly, however, he was aroused by a louder wail than ever from poor Mr. Lester. Daniel started, rose to his feet, rubbed his eye3, and remembered what had happened. Then he stood listening a moment or two with great apparent satisfaction to poor Mrs. Lester's cries and sobs. "Ay, ay," ho muttered to himself, as he walked out of the bar with his rolling gait, " she'll soon get over it—them that squeals so loud don't squeal long!" 