"AiNNABEL'S RIVAL," By DORA RUSSELL, Author of " Footprints in the Snow," "The Vicar ' Governess." "Croesus' Widow," " Beneath the Wave, etc., etc." CHAPTER XLVIII. A SrAocGE MvErrNu. I would fain not write of the next few days; the miserable days when the dead are with us, and when their shadow hangs like a pall over those who have walked with them as familiar friends. Annabel was very ill, and suffered very much during these sad hours. The bright August sun came shining in at the win dows, and the ripple of the summer sea broke with its sweet cadence on her ears; but she shrank from the brightness, and tried to shut out the murmuring of the waves sweeping over the brown rocks where she and her sister had so lately sat. Oh !it is a terrible presence, that of death. Terrible when we watch the last hours--the laboured breath,the fading eye -but more terrible still coming nn awares-coming on a holiday; coming, as Sarah's had done, in a moment when she was unprepa.-.l; when all her sins were fresh upon her. Annabel saw her dead sister, though Colonel Fraser was most unwilling that she should do so. But the poor girl en treated so piteously, that at last neither he nor Bessie had the heart any longer to refuse her. It had been first arranged by Colonel Fraser that poor Sarah's body should, im mediately after the inquest, be conveyed to Copely, and from thence carried to the family vault to Sallford. But Anuabel was too ill to travel, and she implored her brother-in-law that Sarah might be brought to Scarley, and remain there till the day of her burial in Sallford churchyard. Very unwilling was Colonel Fraser to comply with this tearful request, but poor Annabel prayed so hardand so long, that at last he yielded ; and after the inquest on her body, and on that of the two other poor young ladies and the unfortunate 1 young ensign was over, Sarah was brought in a coffin back to the house from whence she had gone but yesterday so smilingly I alnd carelessly away. It was verypitiable to see Annabel when e she first saw Sarah's dead face. It was all I decent and composed then ; the slime and I the mud that had befouled it when she I had been first carried into the little inn I where her husband was waiting was now e all washed away. It was Sarah, yet not I the familiar Sarah. The features had I sharpened, the skin refined. Poor Sarah looked fairer in her coffin than she had I done in life; and Annabel hang over her I and kissed her, bidding them all go away and leave her alone with her "dear sister." Colonel Fraser did not go often to the room where his wife lay so white and stilL He sat by himself mostly down stairs, or with Captain Layton and the I naval doctor who came to see him, and I avoided intruding either on Annabel or the dead. The first shock was over now, and the first horror, and M3rs Layton, who forced t herself on one occasion into the sitting- t room where he was, declared that he cer tainly did not look broken-hearted. That lady had tried frequently also to gain admission to Annabel; but Bessie. by her young lady's orders, positively refused to allow her to go upstairs. s " Miss Annabel isn't one of those who like to mourn in public, ma'am," said I ;essie, in her grim fashion, looking with a anything but approving eyes on Mrs layton's pretty, mincing face, " and she idoesnt wish any one to see her poor sister." I Thus Mrs Layton was forced to go, away with her curiosity ungratified; but as she was quite a heroine on her own s account at the present moment, this some what consoled her. " Oh! if poor Mrs I Fraser had only listened to me," she would say. "I said, 'Dear, it is. not safe, really not safe, to sit in the drag while 3 we cross in the ferry.' Oh I oh !" andso 3 ,n. It was an occasion on which Mrs Layton could be, of course, very gushing I -and very gushing she was. Her kind little husband said nothing, hut he did I almonnst everything for Colonel Fraser, and without saying a word to his wife, brought Annabel a beautiful basket of white t flowers the night before poor Sarah's remains were finally conveyed from Scar- t rle. f I need not tell all about that sad part- f ing. The last gloomy carriage that we t ride in came to the door, the last kiss that she would ever give her sister on earth t was given by the weeping Annabel, and I then strangers came and carried Sarah away. Colonel Fraser and Captain Lay- t ton followed the hearse in a mourning- e coach, and they drove to a station of a c line by which they travelled direct to Sallford. There they were met by the 1 invited funeral guests and the Rector, and poor Sarah was laid with due solem nity in the Frasers' family vault. After the ceremony was over some of the guests 1 accompanied Colonel Fraser to Copely, where his mother, who had arrived there I tlhe day before, received them with dignified hospitality. Bessie remained with Annabel at Scar ley, and it was understood that Colonel Fraser and his mother would go there on the day following that of the funeral, and renmain until Annabel was well enough to accompany them back to Copely. All this was arrangedl by Colonel Fraser. As for Annabel, she felt as if she did not care where she went-as if she never wished to raise her head ag?ain. She was ill, broken-down and miserable. The shock of her sister's frightful death, and her near and terrible escape, had ntterly unnerved her, and she lay through the day of poor Sarah's funeral, after the body had been taken away, weary with weeping, and utterly prostrate both in body and mind. The faithful Bessie never left her, and if the truth were known, was, like the Cilonel, by no means broken-hearted by poor Sarah's death. "If folks deserve love they get it," Bessie remarked dryly to one of the maids, as she was making a list of some mourning that they required. t' ?or if it had been Miss Annabel, I shouldn't have been considering whether reps or alpaca would be the best for us." But Sarah had one true mourner, and this was Annabel They were .he children ,f the same father and mother; they.had grown up together, and in spite of Sarahl's shortcomings, Annabel had loved her sister, and now bitterly and truly re gretted her. The doctor came to see her in the evening of the day of the funeral, Colonel Fraser having asked him to do so, know what a trying time it must be to poor Annabel, and the kindly naval man per suaded her to rise for a short while when he was there. "You will be all the better for being up if it is only for half an hour," said the cordial doctor, who was much touched by Ahnabel' s beauty and sorrow. " Come my dear, make the exertion. We all have to go through these sad hours ,,f trouble, but it is of no use making them worse than they are." Annabel was of a very gentle and yield ing disposition naturally, and so, to please the doctor, who had been so kind to them allshe allowed Bessie to dress her, and after she had done so Annabel had ano ther interview with the doctor, who had waited downstairs for the lpurpose of see. ing her, "try to cheer her up a bit poor thing," he said to Bessie. In the meanwhile Bessie had received her reps and alpacas, and had rot found the trimmings enclosed exactly to her taste. There was a small shop not very far from the house they were staying in, and as the doctor was with Annabel, "to keep her company," Bessie thought that she might "slip out," as she expressed it, for a quarter of an hour, to see if she could suit herself better. The doctor, however, afraid of fatigu ing Annabel, left the house a few minutes 1 aifeer Bessie did, and with the exception oi two maids in the kitchen, Annabel was thus entirelyalone. She felt very miserable and restless - after he was gone, and by-and-bye went to the window and looked out. It was past nine o'clock now, and everything was very quiet and still. The house stood as I have said, close on the edge of cliff otily the narrow roadway, with the strong railing on one side of it, which literally was erected on the very verge of the rocks, being between it and the sea. It was a beautiful night, balmy and silent, and the noon was shining in lnng lines of light on the rippling waves and on the great dark rcks that jutted out as far as you could see along the coast. No living creature was visible, and Att nahel, with the sick longing for any changa that comes over us often in great grief, felt a strange wish to go out, and sn, wrapping a black shawl over her head, she stole quietly dlown the stairs (so quietly that the maids in the kitchen never heard her), and crossing the narrow roadway, leant wearily on the railing, and fixed her eyes vaguely and sadly on the sea. Long she leant there, thinking of many things. Her shawl had fallen a little back, and her sweet, pure prfile was quite risible in the nioonliht, when she heard footsteps coming; quickly aloin the walk by the elre of the cliff: " It is some fisherman," she thought, and she drew her shawl a little closer, but still kept leaning on the railing. The footsteps canme nearer to her, came behind her. passed her, and then suddenly stopped. Annabel raised her bead alittle as they did so, and looked round. A man was standing. in the mnooonlight not three yards distant from her: a man who, as sithe turned her face towards him, camne quickly forward, holiing out his hands. " Annabel !" he sbid, " can it be you ? It was Robert Yere, and as he sioke Annabel recognised him, and gave a cry of surprise. "?Robert '!" she said, " Robert !" and she held out both her trembling hands. Robert Vere was deeply moved. He had seen the account of the accident in the papers,and the ithole affection and tenderness that he had felt for Annabel had stirred more deeply within him at the knowledge of her near escape from death, and her certain suffering and grief. He had come to Scarley for the purpose of enquiring after her, but had learnt at one of the railway stations that this was the day of her unfortunate sister's funeral, and he had therefore waited till it was dusk before he had ventured to approach the house, and being unacquainted with the neighbourhood was actually looking for it, when he was startled by seeing in the moonlight what seemed to him like the ghost of Annabel "Are-are you better 1" he said, hold ing her hands, and looking pitifully at her with his grave sweet eyes. Annabel's answer was a quivering sob. " You have heard," she said, a moment later. "I suppose you have heard 1" "I saw it in the papers yesterday," answered Robert Vere. in his gentle way. " I was at South-hill when I saw it, but I came at once to Scarley, for 1 wished to hear how you were." "It has been so miserable-oh ! so miserable, Robert," wept Annabel "I can understand that. And you the papers said your head was hurt. Is that so, Annabel 1" "Yes I have a great cut here," answered Annabel, and she pushed back her fair hair as she spoke, and showed the wound on her white forehead. " My poor girl-oh ! my poor girl," said Robert Vere. " It stunned me ; I did not know what I was doing, never knew how I was saved." "Colonel Fraser saved you, did he not 1" asked Robert gravely. "Yes, it was very good and brave of him, was it not, Robert " answered Annabel, innocently. " He has the reputation ofbeing brave," said Robert, and be turned away his head. "Oh, I am sure he is. And you, Robert, you have had grief too l" " Yes, my poor father." "I saw his death. I-I wondered why you had never come; but I suppose that you were with him ?" Robert Vere turned sharply round and looked at Annabel as she said this. " I could not come," he said, "after my letter." "Your letter," repeated Annabel, " what letter ? I have been wondering, too, that you never wrote." "But, Annabel," began Robert, and then he paused. He was agitated, but he feared to agitate her by renewing a pain ful subject; and yet he felt it. was but right that she should hear the truth. "The letter to which no answer ever came," he said almost in a whisper ; "' the letter I wrote in town." " But I never got any," answered An nabel, looking at Robert with her truthful eyes, and he gave a glad low cry as she did so. "Thank God !" he said, "Thank God !" "I do not understand you, Robert," went on Annabel still looking at him. "No. Annabel, you hare lifted a weight from my heart. I wrote to ask you to be my wife-to be my wife, if your heart was free to lore me-if not--" and Robert hesitated. " I-I never got it," said Annabel. "Then-tell me now," said Robert, and he came nearer to her, clasping her hands tighter, which he still held; "tell me now, Annabel, in this hour of trouble. is there anyone more to you than I am 1" "No--no one,"answered Annabel, and her head sank low. "But Robert, don't talk of this now;" and he felt her tears fall fast on his hands as she spoke. " No- no, my dear one," he said, as if he were thinking; but hie put his arms round her, and drew her to his breast " I'm so glad," he murmured; "so glad and thankful. Annabel.?" "When may I.see you again !" lie asked, presently. " When do you think that it waoult be right for me to conte e" "I don't know," answered Annabel, in a low tone. "You know, Robert, she was buried to-day. They would not let me go; they said I was too ill to so. Oh. it's so dreadful, Robert-so dreadful ! I can't realise it, even yet" And her head fell shudderingly on his so,ulder. "In time it will be softened to you," said Robert, gently. "Dn't afitite yourself, Atntabel. And is this thie ,lace where you wcre hurt '?" hle went on, smootlhing back her hair cressinly. "Let me menl it." And he stnreed down and kissed tile wounel t o ne beer w. While tlhese words were -a'oint. he tween Robcrt and A.\nnahlel. Iessic was hasteninn back from thie little ship in h, village to lo-k after her chargs-. She h ol not got what she wantei,, anl wa0 0 ,, e-. quently rather in a rmiledl stateli of ri. anind bhoy, andrap l rapped vry sharply iwhen she arrived at thei back dlor nf thie houLse on her return. Annabelrl hear thlerapthlrongh thie hmu=e in thie clear, still air, anid startedl to, hear it. " I mu=nt go in, iohFert," she s?iol. " That will be Bessie comne backl, and slhe wroull thlink it strange if she found me here." " Perhlaps -and yet I can't near to part with you. Annabel, this isn't a dream, child --I sha'un't nwake inn tle mnornino andl find you have Ilown away someann'ere or other again F' "So, Robert." " As you say, this is n, time to talk ,.f such things ; but I may depend on wihat you have said .' " Yes- yes, indeed." While this strane hethrotllhal was ,uint on Bessie had hurried upstlairs, and to her terror and dismay had found that Annalel was not in her room. "She's gone to poor Miss arnah's, thought the old woman, hurrying into tihe apartment that poor Sarah mad occupieid, which was close to Annabel's. All was desolation here. Tle ritnn light was shining on thie trestle wheire tihe coffin had stood, and the lookinag-.l:,s and the furniture were still covered with i:n hite draperies, and Bessie set up a prtfect wail of despair when she found it. was empty. "Where is she l--whcre is shle " slhe cried. "Miiss Annabel !-Miss Annabel? -where are you " And shelo rushed downstairs, hurrying from one room to the other, and screaming at the top of her voice. Annabel heard her name in Bessie's excited tones outside, and after wringing Robert's hand, ran hastily across the road, just as Bessie was darting out of the front door to seek her. "Have you been after committing suicide now, Miss Annabel I" said Bessie, seizing her by the shoulder as she met her ,t the doorstep, and giving her a sharp shake in her real gitationatd nervousness. " Now, I do call thai too bad, to go out and frightea onie sO. You have given me quite a turn." And she she at downt on one of the hall chairs really quite pale and faint ing. " My poor Bessie, I'm so sorry," said Annabel. "\Vhere have you been l" gasped tIeosic. " Only leanits on the railint just across the ral ,"l a rnsoered Annabel, feeling very maIet embarrassed at the qutestion. " Well, Miss Annahl l," said Bessie, raisin, her stiff li-1e ur ce once erect, for she wras ine of these wht- diedain to give way to " f;ints and such-like ;" " I think you migh.. t have tol me if ylllo wished to go. It isn't quite manners, givist. people such turn-, fCr I male sure you'd been cuttitn. your thron t, or Cllttnittillg n01110 other destruction." (T2 ('eltitsl.l) 