Police Court. Wednesday, Nov. 10. (Before the Police Magistrate.) Discharged Again.— The two men Spencer and Brown on suspicion of the robbery of the safe belonging to Messrs. Wilson, Hart & Co. were discharged there being no fresh evidence to offer. Language — John McLean summonsed Mary Moran for saying, in Byron-street ' by the Holy Ghost I will wreck the building.' Mr. Wright appeared for the plaintiff and Mr. Smith for the defence. Defendant pleaded not guilty. John McLean (sworn) said I am a carter residing in Byron- street, Mackay, I know defendant. On the 4th instant between 8 and 9 p.m., she came out from her house, which is just opposite mine, and walking about in the street used the words complained of. John McCullock corroborated this evidence. For the defence Mr. Smith called Elisabeth Roach who said she knew the defendant she was at her mother's house on the night in question, but did not hear any bad language and was there all the time. Cross-examined.— We were inside having tea ; when stones were thrown on the house, we went out on to the Verandah. I have just come down from Townsville where I have been working, when I was in Mackay before ; I was kept by a man. Another witness was also called for the defence. John McLean v. Catherine Moran, obscene language, was then called on. This was withdrawn, owing to an error in the information. In the case of McLean v. Mary Moran, the Police Magistrate said he did not like to be hard on a young girl, but she had got into a bad lot. He warned her not to come into Court again, and fined her £1, with £1 5s. 6d. costs, or 14 days. A Chinaman paid the fines. The dog hit him. - Croft v. Hollands, or keeping a dog that bit plaintiff. Settled by agreement. Bonnetting. - Cairns v. Gralow, assault. Messrs. Wright and Smith appeared respec- tively for the plaintiff and defendant. Evidence was taken showing that defendant tapped plaintiff on the hat, and called him Milord. Fined 1s. with 16s. 6d. costs. Drunk.— Peter Dunne was charged with drunkenness and fined 10s. or 48 hours. Wife Beating.— Peter Dunne was charged with unlawfully assaulting his wife. The unfortunate woman appeared in court and showed signs of evident mistreatment. The Police Magistrate in sentencing the prisoner to 14 days hard labour, commented very severely on the brutal conduct of a man who would so illuse his wife. Good Resolutions.— At the commencement of every new year hundreds and thousands of our young men - and old as well - form their resolutions for their guidance for the coming year. Many keep them, while others break them. To such we give a word of advice. In order to sustain your determing ation of leading a better life in the future you should use Hop Bitters. The judicious use of Hop Bitters strengthens, cleanses and purifies the stomach, bowels, blood, liver, nerves, and kidneys, and is just what you want to build up and invigorate yourself.- Geebuck U.S.A., Dem, Read Wells' Hair Balsam.— If grey, restores to original color. An elegant dressing, soft- ens and beautifies. No oil or grease. A Tonic Restorative. Stops hair coming out, strengthens, cleanses, heals scalp. Skinny Men. - "Wells' Health Renewer" restores health and vigor, cures Dyspepsia, Impotence, Sexual Disability. At chemists and druggists. Elliot Bros. & Co., Agents, Brisbane. 