FOREIGN NOTES. Of the 15,000 Government clerks at Washington, 4000 are women, and of these the majority are of good family, some being the widows of distinguished military officers, daughters of ex-Governon and ex-Congressmen, or the nla* tivn of Presidents or Cabinet Ministers. Salaries range from £145 to £400 a year. A buUding has been hind at Alencon by tho Assistance Publique (France), when a printing offloe will be eatabliahed in which orphans and other destitute chUdren wUI be taught the trade. A generous laraelitiah lady, Mme. Henie, who ia alnady known as the foundrenof many charitable institutions, has presented a mag* nificent synagogue to the Hebrew congrega tion of VenaUlea (France). •'Hamlet "was to be given at the Francais (Paris) on 28th September. Some of the authorities concerned in the preparation of the mice-en-seine held that the apparition should throw a lurid light on tho Prince of Denmark, itself remaining in aemi- darkneas. Othen de clared for an illuminated ghost The fencing aaaoter, Vigeant arranged the duel scene in accordance with the of the sixteenth century, and the Firat Gravedigger waa to aing a song written by Dumas the younger, and oomposed by Amhroiae Thomas. The Moravian settlements in Labrador have just been visited for the fint time by two American ladiea—Mias Hayden and Mias Ward—wbo took a camera with them, and must doubtleaa have obtained somo moot interesting photographs. Mn. Bodgora (Chicago), wifo of a .pro minent labour man, and mother of olevon chUdren, has been appointed " master work man" of one of the district aaaembliea by the Knights of Labour. She waa judge of the aasembly three yeara ago, and her rulings are said to have proved her the most impartial judge -"ho over officiated in that poaition. Slater Mari-», tho Mother Superior of the Nuraing Siste-*-, whose hoaoital is built at the foot of Anc-n (V.hrcus of Panama), Is described aa "tho nor-iing central figure of the ono bright spot in tho terrible fever asramp." The hospital cellan were about to be pillaged, d ng reoent riots, by a h-jtf- intoxicated rabble, when the good nun went down alone to reason with them, and the hospital was saved. "Lampera" is the name given in Philadel phia to women who arrange to caU every day and set the lamps ta rights, ready for nse in the evening, Housekeepen find it quite worth whilo to pay the Uttle they ask, and the lampera make a good Uving. Perhapa this may be the indication of a final solution of the servant difficulty—every department being nlegated in turn to apecialists, and the semi oonventual system of 1( domestica'* awept away. 