THE GREEK QUESTION. ThenewB from Greece which we have been lately publishing is sufficiently dis quieting. In the present state of affairs in Europe, when the enmity of 'the Great Powers against each other is buttbinly veiled— with Great Britain and Austria ? jealous of Russia, with Russian and French jealousy of Great Britain, with Germany and Italy jealous of any nation Beeking to upset the balance of power— the slightest cause' might provoke international hostility and bring on a European war. . The Eastern ?? Question has always been the bugbear of Europe, Its final settlement would in volve such a general conflagration that; the Great Powers have invariably devoted themselves to the endeavour - to find a temporary , relief from its ? consideration. Now one Power has been obliged to give in, and now another. : The question of the disruption of the Turkish Empire in Europe is associated with such ? wide-reaching issues that even nations not directly interested— save in regard to the preservation of the balance ' of power — cannot/, in the. Interests of ? the' ; general' 'peace, regard it ' 'with ? indifference. Turkey in Europe1 can not be seized upon and divided just- as Poland was cut up between Austria, . Russia, and Prussia. Europe, as ft-body, . haB decreed that it is important to main tain the existence of the Ottoman Poker. Russia covets Constantinople, aud Austria - would fain annex certain of the Danubian provinces, [but the fulfil ment of their wishes would- ? «o - obviously give them the preponderance in the Councils of Europe that the deter mined opposition offered to their designs ? is not to be wondered at Germany,- as - the greatest military power and the highest authority in -European politic*}, is - bound to protest against such a settle ment; and inner train follow, at a con siderable ?' interval, France' ' and ' -Italy; Great . Britain is prepared to. .preyeiit- - to the utmost of ;:fcer£ abiiityJiiiKe '? possession of Constantinople by a Powee which threatens her' empire over .liuiUa. Under these circuinstancesthemsintenanoo; ? of the Turkish Empire'beopmea a political . necessity, and to this end the obunsels-of ' European statesmen— always ^xc^p'Sn^', those of Russia— have been twnt, ' ?*? Great events spring from little cauads, and the. disraption of the -Turkish Empire - in Europe has been threatened of late years by a multitude of insignificant events. The Serro-Bulgariai^war, which was the latest' of these, has been safely weathered, but there is another' ijfi. within the lute of European, conejjfcct which bids fair to set the world inans1 uproar. Greece, the puniest of puny kingdoms, has exalted herself above Jall that is called order. She will not *ubm& to be confined within the narrow limits assigned her by successive treaties by which she has been the gainer. Sha does not see why Bulgaria should bo* increased in power and in' extent of dominion while she ia left as she was. She has her own little balance of power * to maintain. Hers is the balance', of power as between the provinces which were once ruled by the -Porte, .. and Bhe wants to rectify .that.* balance as soon as she E&7' ^0 would suppose that the union of Bolgaria and Eastern Roumelia has no more to- do* with Greece than it has with Sooth Australia, especially since the governorship^ of Bulgaria's latest acquisition is of quin quennial appointment only. ButGreeea» has been worked up to such a stateTftat she believes this union to be fraught jn^ the utmost danger to herself. S^f^Sf not bear to be outdone by Bulga^^n|^ therefore she demands the mcorpo'w'flonm her kiogdom of Bpitus and part of Macs. A Did/rOilibi^aiCotert-ahe.ifl. prepaid to take up arms a^aSflai'the Forte and obtain^ioaaeaaionotthfl SOYfcted territory by force^.bf ioin8.s-'la1jtliiB-the national feeling— has been * stimulated by Jhe aggressive policy - of r M. Delyann&j; the Greek Premier. He and hia party are in mortal terror. If . they do not go further ' they nm 'an excellent chance of falling victims tor public rclamour, and if they do go forward without success they are mire to ~ Buffer an equally unpleasant fate.' Choosing rather to postpone their dismissal from this vale of tears, M. Delyannia and hia Ministry are trying all they know to provoke Turkey at' the same time as they1 carefully challenge the inter position of the Great Powers. In thia they are doubly safe. They fall in 'with the popular excitement' so iar as to make every preparation for war, and they provide for the ' contingencies which they are ready to make byithe plea of superior force. They know, as 'well as anybody could know, thai the Greek Army is not in a condition to meet with the Turkish troops, and they fervently hope that some supreme change' trill' take away all the danger of their situation, leaving them -with the reputation of pluck and patriotism. '. The attitude of the Powers is quite in ielligible. They have had ample expe rience—even if they go back in history no further than the Servian revolt in 1876, Khich ended in the RusBo-Turkiah war— of the dangers which underlie the struggle for independence or greater dt minion of the Turkish provinces. -They are morally and politically bound to nip such efforts in the bud, knowing that they would almost inevitably lead to a great European war. It is nothing to them whether the balance ©f power amongst the erat while' provinces of European Turkey is main tained or not. They do not care whether Bulgaria is or is not more powerful than Greece; nor are they agitated ba cause the Greeks, deem that an injustice has been done them. ; What they want to secure is the peace of Europe and the maintenance of the balance of power there. '. The' upshot is that their interference in petty squabbles is necessary, not because of the squabbles, but through fear of their consequence They must prevent the Greeks attacking the Turks :for two reasons mainly. The first is that such a war must - mean disaster and useless loss to Greece, which may as well b avoided. The second la tb.it a new uprising in this part of the world mig it herald a great and disastrous wa». Their interference may have the appear ance of tyranny, but they are 'cruel only to be kind.' Their position is very difficult, and may be gauged from the fact that Russia, which, with. Franca has all along been a hindrance, is now directly hampering their efforts. It would suit Russia entirely to see Turkey harassed by insurrections, because then she might be able to reap a harvest of great value. But it would suit only her, and the Powers are f ally justified in resisting a movement which must mean serious loss to the nation which begins it, and which can only result in the benefit of Russia. Civm Sebvice Saiaj&tes.; — The Govern ment have reconsidered their proposal for the readjustment of the salaries of Civil servants, and have made np their, minds to delay the contemplated reductions until Parliament meets. The decision 13 one upon which they are to be com plimented. By bringing the decreases into ? ?operation oh the 1st of May, or even on the 1st of June, they would be .running counter to the law and to the deliberately ?expressed wish of the House of Assembly, and all for the '.. sake of a saving of some £2,000- or '£3,000. . What course will be followed ; by Parlia ment remains to be seen.r There can be no doubt that the statement .of accounts to ;be presented by the Treasurer wiU 'be a gloomy one. The deficiency, in fltead of being reduced, as' he ' fondly hoped would be the case, Unas - been increased, and the Assembly will have to seriously face the question ef how to meet the emergency.- In order to bring ?matters financial into- a more ' healthy condition rigid economy will have to be practised, and this economy will probably have to : take the form T not only ! of a reduction - of' officers, but also of a reasonable reduction of salaries. It is to be hoped that there will be ao delay in. presenting., the Budget, and ? thus placing, the House is possession of the real position^ of affairs. It is, per haps, looking for too much to expect the speech, to be delivered bef ere July, but it should be forthcoming aa soon as possible after the financial year bis closed. Meanwhile it will be well if ths Civil servants prepare themselvea ?or the decrease ?wtich will almost .mevitabty be brought into force ear% inj'tiie next ?financial year. They ; have bden -relieved from i the hideous -feead. of Awing 20 per -cent, deducted item, -their salaries priorto;July, but they -cannot eepectto €8cape altogether from the effecte of the policy of retrench»ent which -niuat be relenflessly pursued. The Y.M.0.iu IfeFALCiiaiONS. — The 'Board. of Management of the ¥.110. A. -are to be rongraMarted -upon their determination to prMeoute the late ?General Secretary for the .embezzlement of their funds. If tfeey hid arrived at a different coneluaion-they would have done a wrong te the Association, to the cause of juslace, and 4o the cause of religion as well as to Mr. Walker iiimielf. ' Mercy is not itself that oft: looks so,' And any attempt to hush np ibis unfor tunate affair w«uld be an even graver scandal than the offence itself. This is not the jaine\ to moralize upon Mr. Walker's ^elinqueittfes. The deciaioa to bring the matter before ? tke Court -does not necessarily imply that a conviction will be obtained. Precedent and faS-play alike ?demand that, pending the issue of the trial, judgment shoiSd be suspended. Even the fact that Mr. Walker has made a confession must not be regarded as condaaive against him. The regular , ,proeess of law must be gone through. And every opportunity girea to the defendant to bring forward whaterer defence be may have to offer. From the enquiries that iave been made into the ^ircomataneea under which the defalca tions took place k would Been that the greateet laxity iuu prevailed in &he; matter of ovenfcbt over the accounts. This is a subject that demands the attention, of the Association. '.'?'. Had the audit been as regular and strict iu it should have been it wouldhave bee&impossiblefor; Mr. Walker to have concealed year after year the true etateof aftairg. It reflects little credit up cm those who have had the management of the business of an 1 Association which has to do: with jextenHive worldly concerns as well as with themoraltrainlcgand oversight of the young that so little care should have been taken to 'protect the finances. How far the- negligence displayed con jrjbnted to Mr. Walker's downfall we are lot 'able to say, but had the accounts beenr- properly looked after by those ffh'tisWdnty it was to co-operate with the Secretary the Association would probably not have had to deplore so serious a loss a3 the £1,300 .which Mr. Walker will be formally charged with, embezzling. : The Weathes.— For some days past the barometer has been gradually falling until at 3 o'clock this morning it Btood at 29'25. Up to that hour there were only a few showers, but as the barometer during the last sis hours had fallen about 20 points the break up of the drought is nob at all improbable. ; Telegraphic Notices.— On Good Friday all the telegraph offices in the colony will be closed all day, but on Easter Monday they will b8 open from 9 to 10a.m., and from 7 to 8 p,m. Officers will be in attendance at the head office on both days. Saigon advises that the Saigon and Binkok line is restored. la formation from Hongkong states that the ines to northern stations ars interrupted beyond Swatow. I Passengebs by; the RMS. Sutlej.— The tallowing is a list of passengers booked to leave by this steamer today: — For Xiou don— Messrs. W. A; Horn, C. F. Temple, S.'F, Johnson, J. Wood, and Picton, Mm. Johnson, infant, and native, Mr. and Mrs. E. M~. Ashwin, and Misses Kennedy and Allen. For Bombay— Three natives. i Seduction m Salakies of Civil See YASTS.rrihe Government at a Cabinet meet ing held on Wednesday considered the memorial from the a Civil. Service Asso ciation protesting against the proposed reduction of 20 per cent, in the salaries of Civil servants over £150, and decided to postpone the reduction until after the end of the present financial year June 30. This will give Parliament an opportunity of discussing the question and expressing its approval or otherwise of the proposal made by the Government. I EAnwAY: Time- table Alterations.— In another column are advertised particulars of alterations in the railway time-tables for next month. Fewer trains are to be run on the Southern line, and there will be, only one train a day from Adelaide to Victor Harbour. The traffic is said to be utterly \ inadequate to pay for the running of the second train. Changes are also made on the other lines. ! The Smallpox Case oh the Chtmbobazo. —The Chairman of the Central Board of Health on Wednesday received a telegram from the Secretary of the Board of Health in Victoria, stating, that the cargo by the steamer Chimborazo had been thoroughly dis infected, and^ the South Australian portion transhipped to' the steamer Victorian, which sailed with a clean bill of health. The re port from the Quarantine Station on Torrens Ieland on Wednesday was satisfactory. . j The Echtoga Goldfields.— On Wednes day Mr. Brown, the Government Geologist, returned from Ectranga, where he has made an inspection of the two trial shafts. In the upper shaft they have sunk to a depth of 82 feet, and rather a peculiar formation has been obtained.' . It comprises ..black clay with lignite and leaves and lumps of iron pyrites. These are generally found overlying deep leads and trunks of trees in Victoria, thoagh such -have not yet been discovered at Echunga. Water is ' nearly reached, and when !t is struck the ground will be tested by the main shafts. The wash dirt is exactly similar to that obtained on the old diggings at Echunga. Mr. Brown thinks the indications are favourable. He also inspected the new rush at Echunga. at the old dicgings. Good flaky gold, though not coarse,' has been secured here, and a pros pecting claim has been issued to the dis coverers. It is adjoining the old Christmas rush. There are three or four other claims sinking close tojthe Bame spot. ; : The Recent Action Boxgay v. Sabine. —We understand that Messrs. Symon, Bake well, & Symon; representing the defendant in this action, which was heard on Monday last, when a verdict for £302*183. 6d. was given against defendant, have given notice to the Clerk of the Local Court that they intend to apply to His Honor Mr. J.M.Stuart, S.M., on Wednesday next for a new trial. New Road ts the Hundred of Tip aba. —Mr. W; H. Beaglehobi M.P., waited on the Commissioner of Crown Lands (Hon. J. H. Howe) on Wednesday, and asked that a road might be opened from Palm's Corner, Hundred of Tipara, to Price. Mr. Beagle hole pointed out that if the road were, opened a saving of 9 miles would be effected. Mr. Beaglehole presented resolutions passed at public meetings held at Clinton -some time since in favour of the new road. The Com missioner promised to give the, matter his earliest consideration. The GovEKNOR and the Boys' Brigade. —Mr. S. Dixon, the Hon. Secretary of the Boys' Brigade, . has received the following note from the Private Secretary to the Governor:-1-14 1 am desired : to . say. that His Excellency will be haDpy to subscribe £10 to the funds of the Boys' Brigade, and if you will let me know when you open the library Hia Excellency will probably be able to send you a con tribution Lof some suitable books. The Governor -cordially sympathizes with the movement for the benefit of the newspaper boys and others of a similar class, and wishes it every success.' The following other sub scriptions have been received:— Mrs. Evana, Evandale, £2 2s,; Mr. 3. Chapman, £2 ; G. P, HarriB, Scarf e, & Co., £3 33.; Elder, Smith, & €0., £3 83.; D. & W. Murray, £3 3b. ; G. & R. Wills, £5 ; Mr. J. W. Porter, £1; Francis J. Fisher, 10a. j Thk Y.M.C. A. Befalcations.— A meeting of the Board of Management of the Y. M.C. A. was held on Wednesday to consider what further Btsps-should be taken with reference txTthe defalcations by Mr. A. Walker, the late General Secretary. The following gea tlemen were present : — The Hons. J. Coltoa, M.P., and V. Murray, M.L.C., Kevs, W. K. Fletcher, M.A., E. Borke, and E. M. Hunter, and Messrs. R. Searle, L. Chambers, J. Marshall, JS\ Chappie, C. H. Groode, J. M. Anderson, W. Gilbert, M.P., W. Rhodes, R. G. Wiikinaon, G. P. Doolette, T. W. Fleming, and the Acting Secretary (Mr.T. H. Smeaton). The- JFinance Committee reported that Mr. Adamson had finished his special audit, and that -no further deficiency iu the funds had been discovered. The irregularity appears to have passed the audit through the list of subscriptions in the Building Account not having been, placed before the Auditors, and 'the amount short on March SI, 1835, having been made good out of these funds. JFor instance, ike balance-sheet made up to March.31 would show say £250 cash to credit. The balance-sheet would, it is said, not be submitted to the Auditors until about a fortnight Liter. In the meanwhile the de faulter would collect outstanding rents and UBe other income-falling in, and paying these into the iBank would present to the Auditors the pay-in receipt slip from the Bank. The deficiency has been added to during the current year by abstracting from the osdinary income of the Association, and muatrhave been detected at the audit now. due, when the balance-sheet would be required to be laid before the members. The matter, however, first-came to the knowledge of tke Board through the confession of Mr. Walfcsr. Aa -soon as -the facts were known the special aodit was begun, with the result previocaly announced. -On Wednesday night, after considering the question most tho roughly, the Board of Management decided to prosecute Me Walker on the charge of embezzleEent. Tie amount of the deficiency is&,300, about £700 of ?sriach is taken from the Building Fund, and the remainder from the general .account. It \ia understood that but for a defective system of audit it would hav-e been impossible for ths manipulation to have gone en mope than a year or so. Aa a matter of fast the frauds have extended over more than three years. Mr. Walker, who is a native of Victoria, came to this colony about ten years ago, and worked for a while before he joined the Association. He is the ssn o£ a veteran and highly esleeised minister of reSgion, who next weak will celebrate the jnbiles year of his official cosnecSon with the Church, Mr. Walker was a most energetic and zealous executive ofneer of the Association, aad on Eev.eral occasions his activity in the advance ment of its interests secured for him special recognition by those whom he sought to benefit, JQ connection with the formal open ing of the Association's new buildbg in July, 884, at the close of aff intercolonial con ference, which began on the opening day and extended over a week, Mr. Walker waa pre sented by the visiting delegates with a pair of bronze' metal ornaments, and by the workers of the Association with a gold symbol chain. Several times he visited Melbourne and Sydney and a few weeks ago Hobart as a delegate at Intercolonial Young Men's Association Conferences. Mr. Walker was appointed Secretary of an Intercolonial Council of Youag Men's Christian Associa tions. The warrant for Mr. Walker's arreBfc has not yet been issued. V.M.F. Encampment;.— In General Orders issued to-day it is stated that no attack on the camp at iargs Fort will be permitted without the special sanction of the Brigadier General Commandant of the S.A. Forces. The following will be the daily routine, subject to alteration :— 6 a. m,, reveille ; 6,15 a.m., dressing bugle ; 6 30 a.m., noncommis Bioned officers' call; 6.45 a,m., fall in for adjutant's parade, officers' sword drill ; 8a.m., breakfast; 10 a.m., dressing bugle for CO. parade; 10.15 a.m., non-coms.' call; 10.30 a.m., fall in; 1 p.m., dinner; 2.30 p.m., dressing bugle for afternoon parade; 2.45 p.m., non-coms.' call ; 3 p.m., fall in ; 5.45 p.m., tea; sunset, retreat Tattoo — 9.30p.m., . first poat ; 10 p.m., second post ; ? 10.30 p.m., lights out. No man will be allowed outside the precincts of the camp by day without a pass. About 200 men have intimated their intention of going into camp. They will pay their own expenses, which will amount to 5s. each. The members of the L Company V.M.F, will meet at the Port Railway Station to-night and proceed to the camp at Largs by the 7.15 train. The members of N Company will parade at the Semaphore Institute at 7 p.m., and proceed thence to the camp. The tents were pitched by the Permanent Force on Wednesday afternoon on the ground where the last encampment at Largs Bay was held. Provision is being made for 200 men, and each tent is arranged to accommodate eight men. The commissary officers have been there to make the necessary arrangements with contractors for provisions. Captain Fowler, of the Port Company, who is the Adjutant, will have a guard on duty to-day immediately the Adelaide contingent arrives. Captain Legoe and Leiutenant Oldham will be responsible for the duty. The colour-seigeant will be Sergeant Ferguson. Brigadier-General Owen has a programme of duties for each day in the camp, which will only be made known from day to day. In addition sundry drills will fill up the available time. The clouda promise, too, ts test who amongst the men jure only fine- weather soldiers, Removal op T^ees in CcfB&ifi-stfiEET.;— At the meeting of the City Council on Monday, when it was decided that the Bank of Aus tralasia should be allowed to. destroy. the Moreton Bay figtrees which are in the way » of the contractor in building the new Bank, the division-list showed that those in favour of the motion were — Aldermen Bullock, Shaw, and Solomon, and Councillors Frcafe, Newman, Nicholls, Robertaon, Boouaevell, and Sketheway ; and those against were Alderman Davis and Councillors Downo, Elauer, and Roberts, The trees have not yet been removed. New Zealand's Trade and Revenue.— From an abstract of the trade and revenue returns of New Zealand for the quarter ended December 31, 1885, we find that the value of the imports amounted to £1,781,927, and the exports to £1,764,483, while the revenue reached £963,564 5s. 2d, The exports of Bkins amounted in value to £44,297, and included 3,228,115 rabbit- skins. The wool exported from January 1 to the end of the year reached 86,507,431 lb,, valued at £3,205,275. The estimated European and Chinese population is 582,300. Deaths from Want of Water.— The Commissioner of Police has received from Mounted-constable Bannigan at Diamantina information that a Chinaman had been found dead on the Innamincka-road about three miles from the Haddon Downs Station, There were no marks of violence on the body, and the cause 'of death was apparently thirst. There was an empty water bottle lying alongside the body. An inquest was deemed unnecessary, further information is to the effect that the Chinaman, in com- pany . with a fellow- countryman (who has since also been found dead), left Innamincka in March en route to the Haddon Downs Station. They came from Queensland. The Rev. James Bickford.— On Monday evening, as the Rev, Mr, Bickford was on his way to the Parkside tramcar for the city to attend Mr, Booth's meeting in. the Town Hall, in rapidly passing over the waterfcable, St. Ann's-place, his step fell Bhort of the kerbstone and was followed by a heavy fall. On rising Mr. Bickford fouud himself so much injured by bruises and cuts on the nose and lips as to render his immediate return to his home in Young-street indispensable. In addition to the facial injuries the fall so shook his whole frame as to prevent his leaving his house since, and some days must intervene before the rev. gentleman will be able to move about as heretofore. ; S.A.R.A. Rifle Matches.— On Wednes day the first annual prize meeting of the S. A. Rifle Association was held at the Smithfleld AVUUgVB] KSMV VUV ^/JL Ugl ULULU V ITUV] UUU UU1UUUU) and two matches will have to be fired off to day, The top score in the smallbore match was Mr. McCallum, and Mr, J. H. Robertson tied with him in the total, but was counted out, , The Eight-hours Celebration Union.— A conference between the trustees of the Eight-hours Celebration Union and the Trades and Labour Council was held on Wednesday evening at the Bristol Tavern, There waa a very large attendance from both bodies, and Mr. H. J, Pndney occupied the chair. The Conference waa [held for the purpose of considering what steps Bhould be taken to procure a Tiades Hall. Mr. -F. J. Morris briefly explamedthe wishes of theTrades and Labour Council. They wished to secure ihe hearty co operation of the Eight-boors Trustees in any action they might take towards obtaining a Trades Hall. He had heard several ex pressions of opinion favourable io the amal gamation of the two bodies as a preliminary step, and he could say that the Trades and Laboar Council were unanimously in favour of it. A long discussion ensued, but on the motion of Mr. Kirkpatrick the following resolution was passed:— 'That this Con ference is of opinion that the Trades and Labour Council and the Eight-hours Celebra tion Union should amalgamate, but that definite action be deferred until the meeting of the next Eight-houra Committee.' Pataw-aIiOUga 'River Improvements.— It was an interesting sight to see the sluioes of the Patawalonga lock-gates opened on Wednesday morning and to watch the effect the scour had on the banks of sand and seaweed between the dam and sea. Mr. G. Chamier, C.E. (the Engineer), inspected the works, and in order to test the power of the outlet of water Mr. Wishart gave orders for the eluicea to be opened. On Tuesday evening the epring tide was very high, and consequently deposited a great quantity of seaweed in the channel leading to the sea. Immediately on one of the lower sluices being opened there was to be seen a great whirl' of water, made thick with the weed, and when the six sluices were raised the rush of water scoured all before it, It took away fixed banks at the side of the channel and carried them right out to sea. There was to be seen a clean stream of water as it issued from the sluices and made its way seaward. About twenty men then -eet to work shovel ling ssaweed and sand ircm the side of the channel into the stream, which produced the same effect on it as it did on that which was in midstream. Mr. Chamier expressed himself well pleased with the leault, and said it realized folly what he expected. He asserts that it will be a gradual process to clear a deep channel, and he is confident that when ever the sluices and gates are opened, especially when the Start jfiows down, a great quantity of stuff will be washed out. It is expected that & south-wester will clear away all the seaweed from the front of the seawall, and very soon leave a clear channel and beach between the dam and the sea. The width of the channel which was cleared is about 60 feet in the widest part, and about 50 in the narrowest, so it will bejjeen that at a time not very far distant: there willbtf plenty of room for craft to sail in and out. The cement apron was. tested, ind found to be in a sound condition. Before the Bluicea were opened very little sand was felt on the bottom, thus proving tha6even with Buch a high tide as there was on Tuesday evening no very great amoani of material will be deposited against t'le gates. It is highly probable that what little the e was there on Wednesday morning was well scoured out. The depth of water in the basin was 11 feet, and after the sluices had been open for about au hour and a half the depth was about 9 ft. 9 in. The works on the whole are fast approaching completion, the sea wall having been paved with lime stone and is now being rolled. The gap in the sheetpiling which was left for the drays to go through during the work of excavation is being filled up by piles and sheeting. Amusements in Quarantine,— We have been supplied with the following record of the experiences of the Chimborazo's passenger i now on Torrens Island, written by one of their number, dated Tuesday: — 'Life in Quarantine, by a passenger of the Chimborazo. —I have no doubt that this heading suggests to the uninitiated a life of unmitigated dis comfort, almost amounting to misery; but such is not being the experience of the quarantined passengers of the Chimborazo. We landed here about 9.55 p.m, on April 16, filled with gloom at the prospect of having to Bpend three weeks in burdensome, close confinement. But our gloomy forebodings were speedily dispelled by the kind endeavours of the officers to render our life as agreeable as circumstances would admit. Almost immediately on arrival a supper, consisting of the most delicious fruit that this southern land furnishes, was awaiting us in the dining-room, We need hardly say that after six weeks of ship's fare as third-class passengers it was amply dis cussed and appreciated. After a cigar and a walk to the pierhead we turned our attention to an inspection of the sleeping arrangements, and found that every care had heen riven both for health and comfort. Waking early on the following morning and taking a bath in the inviting clear water we again went to the dining-room to find the table groaning with viands tempting to the stomach of every Englishman. The remainder of the day was spent in exploring the island, which we found far more interesting than its appearance ft om the water would lead one to believe. Since then our days have been spent in fishing, On Monday we formed two teams and com menced a cricket match, which we expect to finiah to - morrow. We reached the climax of our enjoyment this evening, When we had an entertainment, consisting of Bongs, readings, and recitations, in the large dining-room. There were eight performers, land seventeen items on the programme. Some of the songs were tastefully sung, and caused a great deal of. applause, and in one or two instances encores were accorded. The concert was brought to a close at 9.30 p.m, We wish to take this opportunity of express ing cur thanks to Dr. Bayly and the officers under him for the great kindness and courtesy received at their hands, parti cularly to the former gentleman, who has exerted himself in every way to make our forced imprisonment as agreeable as possible.' Sanitabt Condition of oub Colleges.— At the meeting of the Central Board of Health held on Tuesday last Dr. Borbhwlck, Health Officer for the Municipalities of Nor wood and Kensington and St. Peters, fur nished a report on the sanitary condition 0! Prince Alfred and St. Peter's Colleges. The report had been prepared under instructions from the President, owing to the recent out break of typhoid fever at St. Peter's College. The doctor found the sanitary arrangements of Prince Alfred College to be in a satiafac tory condition. The system of drainage is carried out as efficiently as possible. It, however, has many disadvantages. Deep wells are to be discountenanced as possible sources of danger. The Head Master would be willing to do away with the danger by connecting with the deep-drainage system. With regard to St; Peter's College he found the drainage system to be defective. With out ascribing the recent outbreak of typhoid to the defective sanitary arrangements, he had no hesitation in saying that if the fever had once gained a footing it would have spread with alarming rapidity. It was a wise decision of the Governors to dismiss the boys. In his opinion the whole drainage system requires overhauling. Mr. Booth's Mission.— On Wednesday evening the Adelaide Town Hall was crowded to the doors, when Mr. R. T. Booth delivered a lecture entitled 'No Callfor Men who Drink.'' The Mayor of Adelaide presided, and there were on the platform a number of ministers, temperance workers, and the Gospel Tem perance Choir. After strongly appealing to his hearers to 'sign the pledge and don the blue,' and stating that so far 175 persons had taKen me pieage ana i« 01a auatainers nau donned the blue ribbon on the previous even ing, Mr. Booth asked what occupation, pro fession, or walk in life was there where men were employed because they were non abstainers. He saul employers did not advertise for this class of people. Why was this? Because people of intelligence and reason had become aware that the person with a clear brain and steady nerve was the most suitable, and had a better chance of success than the man who drank, This fact ought to be recognised, Because people forty and fifty years ago were not teetotallers, it was no reason wby the present generation should follow in the steps of their fathers. Publicans even liked to. procure teetotallers as barmen. There was such a demand at present for teetotallers, .because abstainer 3 had some rights that others were bound to respect. They were justified in demanding that railway engine-drivers, doctors, lawyers, and ministers should be sober for the proper fulfilment of their respective func tions. Another good reason on the side of temperance was that those who earned money could not afford to spend it in drink. He utterly disapproved of intoxicants, and he had on his side Drs. Richardson and Kerr, who had declared that there was 'no good in drink.' The lecturer described the beer sold in these colonies as most wretched stuff, and said it simply drove people mad. Of the lunatics in our asylums 80 per cent, were there through drink, and 93 per cent, of the wife beaters in America became what they were from the same cause. Throughout Mr. Booth kept the attention of his audience. A large number remained behind to sign the pledge. To night Mr. Booth will lecture on 'The American War.' He will conduct midday prayer meetings during the week. Discussion upon Agricultural Subjects. —At a meeting of the Agricultural Com mittee of the Royal Agricultural and Horti cultural Society on Wednesday, April 21, Mr. J. Robertson, J.P., was appointed Chair man for the. year, becoming in consequence one of the Vice-Presidents for the same period. A suggestion was made by one of the members of the committee that the old practice should be revived of each member relating, for the information of the members of the committee and (through the medium of the Press) of agriculturists generally, any mattera which might be deemed to be useful and calculated to advance the knowledge of farming. The subject was taken up warmly by nearly every member of the committee, and various suggestions and items of infor mation were offered and detailed during the discussion of the proposition. In reference to experiments at the Roseworthy Agricultural College Farm it was stated that whilst the value of the experiments made there would be recognised in time to come it would still be very useful information if the Professor would bow a large number of sorts of wheat upon equal-sized blocks {all on the same day) during the months of April, May, and June. It was ebown that the result in a crop of wheat depended very much on the time of Bowing ; that one variety would do well if eown later, and another required to be sown earlier ; and that the comparative results of the forty or fifty sorts all sown at the same time, and repeated for three months in suc cession, would perhaps bring out the various requirements of the different varieties. It waa remarked, however, that a newly intro duced wheat might improve very materially after the second or third year when it became Acclimatized, and several inajances .were gjyen bymembeTE. Itwaa alw conaidered important tphavehw^i^wneveiTyhcie which were the varieties of wheat beat suited to the different localities, those that are most 8ubject to red rust, the advanfcigea of change of seed from a cool or temperate climate to one that ia warmer, and to make every farmer acquainted with the fact that blue stone pickle is an infallible preventive of smut or bunt in wheat, but that the solution must not be too Btrong. The advantage of silage of green fodder, especially in the dry Northern regions, was forcibly dwelt upon by one member, who laid particular stress upon the fact that when once the fodder is in the pit it is practically indestructible by fire, and thus whilst all fire premiums and all anxiety would be avoided, the farmer is certain to have a good Bupply of green fodder for his cows and other stock throughout autumn. The subject of irrigation and water conservation generally was mentioned as of great importance, and as being worthy of full discussion wherever practicable. Fully an hour was spent in this discussion, and it is hoped that in future opportunities will occur for the dissemination of muchaseful knowledge gained from experience. Mr. O. V. Morgan.— Some weeks ago news was received by cable of the resignation and the subsequent re-election of Mr. O. V. Morgan— who is well known as a visitor to .Australia— as a member of the House of Commons. We take the following from the local Battersea paper :— ' The new writ for Battersea, one of the Metropolitan Parlia mentary divisions, is issued under rather singular circumstances. Mr. Octavius Vaughan Morgan, who wafl returned at the general election, belongs to a firm that held a Government contract. Mr. Morgan duly re nounced the contract before coming forward as a candidate, but failed to give legal notice of having done so, in accordance with the requirements of the Statute. Aa there waa some doubt on this account of his eligibility he refrained from taking the oath, and it waa declared necessary for him to undergo re-election, now thatthe Statute has been com plied with, if he meant to sit as member for Battersea.' The Late Mr. R. C. Ransome.— Mr. Robert Charles Ransome, ot the well-known firm of Ransome & Sons, of Ipswich, died recently at a comparatively early age. The founder of this distinguished firm of agricul tural implement makers was Mr. Robert Ransome. He was the son of a schoolmaster \- f Wells, Norfolk, wag born in 1753, was ap prenticed to an ironmonger, and spent hiB spare hours in studying the natural sciences, and in amateur work as an en graver and lapidary. Presently he opened a sm all ironmonger's shop in Norwich, and added to it, in a humble way, the casting of small articles in brass by crucible, There was capital in those days seeking honourable and trustworthy men to make good use of it, and Gurneya' Bank presently helped the young ironmonger to set up a small foundry at Thorpe, Norfolk, for casting iron, It was not long before the young ironfounder left Norfolk, and came to Ipswich, with a capital of one hundred pounds of hia own and one hundred borrowed of a friend. He bi ought with him devoted workmen, who worked with him to the end, and eeb up business as an ironfounder in an old malting in Ipswich in 1789. Robert Charles Ransome, now dead, was a grandson of this founder of the houj-e. By three years he has missed seeing the centenary of the opening of the business in Ipswich. The real beginning of the fortunes of the home was the first Robert's patent, dated 1806, for 'chilling' the under edge of cast iron ploughshares, leaving thenpper edge of the metal comparatively soft. The operation of this invention is that the upper surface of the ploughshare wears away, and the edge grows sharp instead of blunt by working. The chilled ploughshare of Robert Ransome is now the ploughshare of the whole civilized world. The Industrial School for the Blind.— The monthly meeting of the committee of the Industrial School for the Blind was held at the institution on Tuesday. The Finance Committee reported that they were about to examine the items of income and expendi ture, in order to place them on a firm basis. Mr. D. Garlick of a cornopean, and from Mr. Fray of a viola. The concert by blind persons at Mount Barker resulted in a profit of £11 10s., which will be devoted to the pur poses of a band composed of blind persons in connection with the institution, satisfactory progress in which has already been made. The question of female workers was referred to the Ladies' Committee. Mr. Hammond, writing from Sydney, was of oDinion that the local institution had not much to learn from ?those in Sydney or Melbourne. He had been received with much courtesy there, and was invited to inform them of the results_ of his purposed enquiries in Europe. Applications from persons desiring admission were con sidered. It is reported that one worker, John McMahon, had died in the Hospital from hydatids, and that enquiries were being made for boarding workers away from the institution, the accommodation being much [taxed at present. : The Australian Mutual Provident Society..— We have received the thirty seventh annual report of this Society from Mr. R. B. Cameron, fiEsident Secretary of the S.A. Branch. This shows very satisfac tory results at all points, Ths new business JB represented by 11,257 policies, assuring over four millions sterling. The funds have been increased during the year by £598,751 8s. Id., and now amount to £5,970,217 18s. lid, The report of Mr. Teece, the Acting Actuary, shows that after conducting the valuation on the most conservative principles the surplus is £427,128 0a. lid. Special re serves from this are made amounting to £148,761 9s. 7d., and the sum of £278,176 13a. lOd. is set apart for distribution amongst the members. The rate of interest realized on the funds invested throughout the year was ££ 3s, 4d. per cent., a rate slightly in advance of the previous year. The accounts are pre sented in the form required by the Life' {Assurance Companies Act of this colony in its first and second schedules, and the fifth schedule relating to policies in force, &c;, also accompanies the report. We learn from this that the local branch has on its bocks 7,421 policies, assuring £2,342,671. We are informed that the 'bonus certificates are now being prepared, and will in all probability be issued to members about the same time as last year— towards the beginning of July. ; The Semaphore Literary Society.— The first meeting of the session of this Society was held at the Semaphore Baptist Schoolroom on Wednesday night, April 21. The Mayor (Mr. J. Neill, J.P.) presided, and there was a fair attendance. Mr. C. J. Stevens gave 'a lecturette on the ' Ladies.' The report of the Hon. Secretary (Mr. Woodroffe) showed that the Society was in a fairly flourishing state, both as regards members and funds. The Pope on Church and State.— In the latest Encyclical of Pope Leo XIII., on the Christian constitution of States, the Pope says he deems it his duty to compare with Christian doctrine the new opinions advanced concerning the State, Ihere could be no public power except from God. The State waa clearly bound to satisfy its many and great duties towards God by the public profession of religion. There was once a time when States were governed by the philosophy of the gospel, But that fatal and deplorable passion for innovation which was aroused in the sixteenth century first threw the Christian religion into confusion, and then, by natural sequence, passed on to philosophy, and thence pervaded all ranks of society. From this source issued those late maxims of unbridled liberty which, in the midst of the terrible disturbances of the last century, were excogitated and proclaimed as the principles and foundation of that new juris prudence. Amongst these principles the chief one was that which proclaimed that all men, [as by race and nature they were alike, were also equal in their life. In a society founded upon these principles government was only the will of the people, which, as it waa under the power of itself alone, so was alone ita own ruler, Since the people waa said to contain in itself the source of all rights and of all power it followed that the State did not deem itself bound by any kind of duty towards God ; that it made no public profession of religion; that it .held itself bound to give equal rights to all religions, to the end that the public order Bbcrald not incuf rlnjttry'Croinj;aay ot them. All questions concerning religion were to be referred 'to private judg ment, and every one was allowed to follow whichever religion he preferred, or none at all if he approved of none. Hence these con sequences naturally arose— the judgment of each conscience was without regard to law ; the freest opinions were expressed as to the practice or neglect of Divine worship ; and there was unbounded licence for men to think what they liked and to publish what they thought. It was hardly possible to lay down any one fixed method whereby the objects they had in view were to be attained, because the method must suit separate places and times, which differed greatly from one another. Nevertheless, before all things unity of purpose must be preserved, and simi larity must be sought for in the plana of action. Both these objects would be attained without fail if all would regard ths directions of the Apostolic See as their rule of life, and obey the Bishops whom 'the Holy Ghost has placed to rule the Church of God.' The integrity of Catholic faith was incompatible with opinions approaching either to natural ism or rationalism, the essence of which was utterly to do away with Christianity, and to establish the Bupremacy of man in society to the exclusion ot God. In the struggle for interests of the highest order there was no room for intestine strife or party rivalries, but all must endeavour with one mind and purpose to Becure that which is the common object of all— the preservation of religion and of the State. '. , iJ Attempt to Kill Jules Verne.— -An ; attempt waa made on March 9 to kill M. -, Jules Verne, the novelist, at Amiens. ' He : had come from the Union Clubhouse at 5 p.m., and was about to enter the door of hia house, 2, Rue Charles Dubois, when he saw a young man, fifteen paces higher up the street, pointing a revolver at him. Two reports followed. One ball rebounded from the stone doorpost, while the other struck M. Verne on the leg. Without losing his self-possession M. Verne went up to his assailant. What was his amazement when he recognised hia nephew, M. Gaaton Verne. With the help of his servant, who had run' up on hearing the discharge of firearms, M. Jules Verne disarmed the yonng man, who offered no resistance.' M. Gaston Verne is 26 years of age,? and has for some time shown symp toms of insanity, He suffers from a ' form of melancholy madness, and has been : saying that he would be revenged. M. Jules Verne took him into hia house, where the Police Commissary examined him, but to none of the questions put to him could he be induced to reply. It is thought that he had escaped from Blois, where he was watched by hia family. Under the influence of hia delusion he went straight to the Rue Charles - Dubois, where the neighbours saw him walk ing backwards and forwards for two hours. As soon as he Baw M. Verne he fired at him. ' After the examination M, Gaaton Verne was ? removed to the hospital. M. Jules Verne received immediate medical attendance. The ball struck him in the left leg. It perforated the boot and sock, and caused a rather deep wound, but the state of the wounded man gave no cause for alarm. Arrest of an English Professor in Italy. — Professor Nichol, writing to the Standard, gives an account of his recent arrest in Naples. He says :— lk I came to Naples, and was arrested under the following circum stances. For several years I have occasionally carried with me a small sword-stick, of the same kind as those of ten exposed for sale in the windows of large towns throughout Europe. While paying for some articles in a shop I handed the stick to my daughter, who, unseen by me, drew it out for a moment the space of a few inches, and gave it back closed. I had scarcely left the shop when a policeman laid his hand on my arm and seized the stick ; between him and another! was conducted to a police station, questioned, n*-i s3 ^*\1H ^Vtn4- T tMnfii* **f\w*n i vi ^Vi o«*A T/\i* fno night, 'awaiting, asl understood it, release from the Procuratore del Re in the morning. The landlord here applied to the British Consul. The latter (Mr. Grant) waa good enough to obtain leave from the Qussstor for me to pass the night in the hotel, but still under the strict surveillance of the police Next morning they brought me to a roonu where I was confronted with the stick sealed and labelled ; then to another with manacled criminals; finally before the Procuratore, who received the evidence, delivered with all the gesticulations of the South, and my few words of depoBition. I was informed that I. had 'committed a great crime,' for which (though, 8peciali gratid, allowed to go free in the interim) I must on summons return to stand my trial, expecting the minimum penalty of three' months' imprisonment in a Neapolitan gaol, so that in my present state of health I could not regard it as a desirable residence. At Rome I found a friend who introduced, me to Sir John Lumley in person. His Excellency recommended me to abide my trial, under taking to use his influence to procure a mitigation of the sentence, Meanwhile I bad communicated with the Foreign Office, and' owing to the kind promptitude of the Under secretary matters have been much expedited. I returned to Naples on summons, and was tried with all the formalities of a High Court '. of Justice, having to employ counsel, \&o-y; and was dismissed with the nominal penalty ; of the confiscation of my stick. But the real penalty has been considerable,' ' ' *l ? ; A Wealthy Beggar.— ^Numerous instances ' are on record of the large income that may be made by a professional beggar. Another ^case ? has just been discovered in Paris. A woman ' of about 75j who lias been in the Tiabit of begging in the streets of the capital for forty years past, turns out, according to a state- . ment in the D6batet to possess a fortune estimated at five hundred thousand. franc?. She lived at the suburb of Levallois Perret, whence ehe came to Paris every day to exercise her vocation! ' Her property consists of thirty houses, railway shares in different Companies, and obligations of the City of Paris. The discovery was made by one of her habitual benefactors, who is stated to have engaged not to prosecute her on condi tion that she will henceforth abandon her profession and give a thousand francs to the poor. Singular Discovery of Lost Jewel lery.— The jewellery of the value of £50,000 which bo mysteriously disappeared about five years ago from Brynkinalt, near Chirk, Den bighshire, the residence of Lord Trevor, has mysteriously been found. A manservant at Brynkinalt happened to go into a disused cellar, where he. saw some glittering object upon a heap of rubbish, and upon examina tion found it to be one of the missing articles of jewellery. He at once informed the Hon. George Trevor of the discovery. Major Lead better, chief constable of Denbighshire, and the family solicitors at Oswestry were com municated with, and upon the arrival of Major Leadbetfer a complete Bearch was made, and the whole of the jewellery re covered, It is a singular coincidence that the jewellery waa both lost and found on a Sunday morning. British Shipbuilding. —In a recent number of the Nautical Magazine the ship building of 18S5 is discussed at length. A further decline in the industry is chronicled, Upwarda of 200,000 tona less were built in 1885 than in 1834, but the great feature of the past year was the demand for sailing vesoels. From 1880 to 1884 there has been year by year a decrease in the registered tonnage of sailing vessels, but in 1885 there was an actual increase, and that of the respectable figure of 36,781 Ions, On the other hand, the increase of registered tonnage of steamers was never smaller than in 1885, when, though it stood at 84,328 tons, it was but one-fifth ot the increase of 1884. The conclusion drawn s that Bailing vessels are once more gradually coming into favour. It ia also predicted by the writer that ' shipowningj if not ship? building, has passed through the deepest period of the present depression, but to such an extent waa overbuilding indulged in a few years ago that it is scarcely likely we shall see any eudden improvement in the Bhipping trade.' The' percentage of steel vessels to the total tonnage built reached 48 in 1885 : in 1879 it was only 101. 