An Unmaslicd Card-SIiarpcr. THK STOni OB1 k T0UX0 MAN WHO WAS DETECTED OnEATINO AT A CLUB. Tiiey werb diseuasing the latest scandal. , A young man of good connections had been ignominioualy expc-lled from a club. Playing in collusion with n professional gambler, he had cheated at cards, and in a few months bad «7ftn n. nrtTiHiHarfthla nnm. ' And has he killed himself ? ' asked some one. 'Bah I' replied another. 'Do men kill thomnelvea for do little nowadays? Itwaadif. rent in the good old times.' ' In the good old times, aa you call them,' said old General Iioy, ' tho3o who adopted the card-sharper's profession killed themselves no more than do those of the present time. A few exceptions thero may have been among those who were detected at the outset. But if the first attempt succeeded, they did aa they do to-day, they quickly accustom themselves to their degradation. Ah, it ia so easy! When respect for his own good name will not restrain a man at the first step, it ia entirely dead within him, and even a scandal will not revive it. By the way, I can tell you of a curioua case in point, where the hero blew out hi3 brains, but it was not suioido. No, strarigo as it may souud, it waa not a suicide. Listen : ' ' 1 It was Borne fifty years ago. Tha press of that time waa not tho terrible gossip that it ia to-day, aud Ben? atianal news never passed certain bounds. There wero not fewer soan dala, but tho scandftla were .lesa known. In fact. I think tlio.rn \vn.a vathpr mnvn. Nnt: fhof we were more virtuous, but tho. fear of pub licity ia ccrtainly a great chcok. ' Among the olegaut young follows, tho gilded youth of those days, who furnished the greater part of the uoandalous gossip by their' eccentricities and duols, waa a young gentle man attached to tho king's household. I ahall call him tho vicomte Itoland. The namo waa an illustrious ono ; in fact, the vicomto was the -fruit of one of thodo mixed marriagea introduced by Napoleon I. Gene ral Comto Rolaud, whose heavy cavalry oharges.aro mattep.vof history, had married tho daughter of^o Mur^uin do .B/ansac, a member of ono .bi the wealthiest and^iost powerful families of France. Hia aon^wu:. than about twenty-six yeara of a^o. Ho had not the robust, pleboian beauty of hia father, ^ho had been one of the handsomest men. in : tlio army. Ho waa rather the delicate and distinguished praco of hia mother, whose idol he wa3. Having loved her husband pafl.' ipn&telyi; tho countosa was ngv? wrapped- op in her son, « / ' The extravagant lifo lod by tho aon Iiaa caused a quarrel between tho parents.. Tho countesn lived in the Branaac H6fcel, ono of the finest in the Faubourg Samt Germain, whilo tho general, secluding himsolf in a little ohatoau m tho forest of Senait, passed I his time in tho pleasuroa of tho ohaso. Thoy I Kftv ho had lll-treatod.his wifo, but it waa forth »a fliat thfira had beeu between tho general aud hia wifo two terrihlo Gccnca. . . .?? ' Tlie fiv.=c was caused by an idea which took possesion of the countess. Sho found, thia namo ' Poland ' too plebeian foi her bod, aud tormented her husbaud to obtain tho king'a authority to add to it that of Do: Bransno, Tho general enerc;ctioally.refu3ed» ? ''Mv namo haa sufiiccd for mo,' eaid he,i ?l'ormnwho havo mado it famous. It- will do fortius hno gentlemen, my son.,, .11 ho doea not hnd it biilhant enough, let him try to add to lts'luatro.' ' ? ' Tho accond Bcen8 was brought about by. the vicomte abducting a ballet dancer, and -by a duel and a debt which were the consequences of this littlo aliair. ? Tho general brought tho son bofore his mother and- rougWy reproved him for hia folly. ^Instead of snppoitlng her. husband, the oountoss made exouses;-for her son. Women always are indulgent ;to ward - the man in a lovo scrape. - . ^ '?Afc tlie:general told his Bon than lus for tune .was not BufTicient. to maintain : such. Bcandaloua absurditiea, tho countess - un? happily interjected ; ' Oh, the fortune of the Da Bransaca will amply enfhee for him. - v: ? . . ' Sho had not calculated, tho .effect .of her speech. An hour later the general left. tho hotel and went to^hia-chatcaa; at the end . of a week- tho-family notary, informed tho oountesa that her entire personal fortune was., at her disposal. The separation was complete, and the general lived- alone on the fifteen, thousand franca which constituted tho revenue ho received from hia own fortune. ? 'The son mado ducka and.drakea of her. fortune. At the end of six moo tha tho coun tosa wa3 naif ruined, ana tne energy oi ino notary alone saved her from hor lion's extra- ? vagancea. 'All at onco it became known that tho vicomte Roland no longer belonged to the king's household, and that ho .bad handed in hia resignation aB lieutenant in a cavalry re giment. That ia what waa given out, but rumoura of a different charactcr were afloat. - The countess no longer appeared in publffif, but confined herself to her hotel. In a few weeks sho seemed ten yeara older. ' The vicomte, aftor a voyage of somo weeks in Italy, returned to Pari3, took apart memo m thn Hue de la Chausroa d'Antin, und lived tho life of an idler on the pension of a thousand franc3 a month allowed him by his mother. It would be littlo to-day ; but at that time it enabled a man to make a figure in the faahionable world. He passod Mriime between love adventures. fVa Iheittres, and the green table. .Then little by little hia eleganee apd hia eccentricities began to be talked 'iiboufc. Oluba were not aa plentiful as they are now, but the gilded youth and the ^ameatera had a few of them where lovera of '.lie green cloth could amuse themselves. 'One evening when the Vicomte Roland, ifter having, won a considerable sum from one of his friends, offered him hia revenge, '/?na opponent roBe, and pushing away the jards, looked at him in a singular manner, ' ' Well, no, Roland/ aaid he ; ' what with your luck with women and your luck with yards, you have too much luck for one man.* .'Roland, though somewhat cholerio, dq-v haeif with laughing. . -I ' Some days after, ' the Prefect' of Police announced himself to 'the general iat ' hiY chateau. What passed between them ' I do ^ not know. . All that ia known or the affair .is that they returned together to Paris. ' ''At eleven o'clock of the evening following that interview, tho vicomte was seated at a table playing ccartd. Ho had juat won ten auccesaivea game8 from an Englishman, who, passing through Paris on hia way home, had been introduced at the club by ono of the members. Roland had- a considerable Bum. before him. Tho loser had just risen, and bBforo leaving the tablo had bowed thrioe, when an elderly gentleman approached the tablo. ''Will the Vicomte Roland permit mo to1 take the gentleman's reveuge ?' .- . v i ' Tho young man paled. It waa hia father; ''As you ale a bord player, I offer you.a;, bold game. It will be useless for' you to say ? that it ia loo high. R?ad.' And the general ..handed him a note folded twice. ? ?: .. . ? 'The vicomte glanced over it,, and.sliuid-^ dered visibly. ; 'MDo you accept?' ; . . 'He bowed. The gehoral, seated himself : opposite his son, cut .a king, and dealt the oarda.- He won the first hand. When it waa the vicomte a deal ho trembled slightly, -and a ; strange light shone in hia eyes ; nevertheless, , heplayed on. The general won again. . 'The vicomte rose, pale as a ghost, and in. a smothered voice said : 'Mlnan hour, sir, I shall have acquitted myself.' ' Ho left the room without another word, 'On the following morning the guardians of the Bois de Boulogne brought in the body ? of the Vicomte Roland. Hia head waa blown ? to pieces, hia hand still grasping the pistol. In a portfolio waa found an unsigned ecrap of paper, on which wero the words : Thejoscr will blow out his brains. \- 'The pretended E nglishman waa an accom pliajisd card-sharper, cent by tho Prefect of Police. The threo bov/3 had been tho aign agreed upon between him and the generul to indicate that the vicomto had cheated. ' The game was ono for life and death between father and son. Both were dis honored— the son by hii own net, tho lather by the son's. But thia dishonour waa a secret, which threatened to become an open Bhame. D.yath could stifio it — the son'a death or the father's, for the stern old aoldier would . himself havo disgraced hia son had'that son not kept their pact. The price of the general's aecracy waa hia son's life.'— Translated from the French of Edouard Sicbeclcer. 