WHITTIERR LATEST POEM Tbe following ia Mr.T G. Whitlier' Ut«i poem, extracted from the February numbei the Atlantic Monthly THE HUHEBTEAD. Against tte wooded bills it stands, P Ghost of a dead home, storing through H Its broken lights on wasted lands fl Wbero old-time harvests grew. Unplonghed, unsown, by scythe unshorn, The poor, forsaken farm-fields lie, Once rich mid rife with golden corn And pale groea breadths of rye. Of healthful herb and flower bereft, Tbo garden plot no housewife keeps ; Through weeds and taugle only left, T he anake, its tenant oreeps. A lilac spray, once blossom clad, Bwaya bate before the empty rooms ; Beside the roofless porch a sad, Fathatic rtd rose blooms. Hto track, in mould and dust of drouth, On floor and hearth the squirrel leaves; And in the tireless chimney's mouth Hu web the spider weavo. The leaning bare, about to fall, Resounds no more on htukiog eves ; No esttto low in yard or stall, No thresher beat hto shelves. Bo B d, so dear ! -It eeeaa almoet Bome bauuiing Pretence mokes its sign ; Tuat down you shadowy lane soma ghost Might drive his spectral kine ! 0, home ao droolate and lotu ! Did all thy memories die with ibee? Were any wed, were any born, Beneath this low roof-tree ? WhoM axe the wall of forest broke, And let tte waiting sunshine through? What good-wife ae -t tte earliest smoke Dp the groat chimney fine ? Did rnatic lovers hither come ? Did maidens, swaying back and forth In rhythmic grace, at wheel and loom, Ma <e tight iheir toil with uuirlh ? I Did child feet patter on the stair ? lbd boyhood frolic in thu snow 't Did gray age, in her elbow chair, Knit, rocking to and fro ? Tbe murmuring brook, the sighing breeiti Tbs pins'a slow wbinper, cannot tall ; 1\. )w mourMH beneath the hemlock tress Keep v ic home secrets well. Cease, mother land to fondly bout Uf hous far uff who strive and thrive, oi -eM : i bat ea< h swarming host Must leave an emptier hive ! o wai-derers from ancestral soil, J.cave uoiriomu miil and chatlvriog sU>ra ; U;.u up your U-.ue for sturdier toil, A-iu bu;iif Ui« home once morel Con e ba.'k to bay berry - scented alope«, A n- 1 f i vgraot fsru, and gruuuJ- uui viae ; i;rt4ihe_iiis blown overhult and copse bwcet with black birch and pine. What matter if tbs gains ore small Tbat life's essential wonts supply ? Your homestead's title gives you all That idla wealth can buy. All tha4. tte many-dollared crave, The brick- walled slaves of 'Change and Lawns, trots, fresh air. and flowers, yoa have, More dear for lack of art. Your own sole masters, freedom-willed, /W.th noneo bid you go or stay; Till the old titles you fathers tilled, As manly men as they ! With skill that sparer your toiliug baud And ctiumic aid tnat science bi.ngH, Reclaim tbe waste and outworn Unit, And reign tnciuon a.- knws : 