SPORTING INTELLIGENCE. flemington in curl-papers. S (Br Gabnet Walch.) "^J 1 ™' experience of a racccourae-oh! memorable event of my hobble Jc- boyho^L o t «Son 55 h StOTJ on ° fuVe occasion—p as ever so many years ago, the ™ J « r u 1 >? New T -°™ toeing J%und Hobart My last such visit-up to datewas on yesterday, the 23rd day of June, in this year of grace 1866, and the place Plemimrton We "sporting" reader, with tie distinctive atonce perceive Ct ™ the day in question there was. as with Hans Bmunann's Wasser- Madchen, " n o S " And that is what attracted me iust J it \- ^e ballad. I^'aS £ £ £ place sang tbe people, the course and its concomitents without the crowd. I happened to mcDU< niliifi a little time back to a member of tbe Melbourne Presbytery who is a regular attendant at the Flemington meetings, and he promised me an introduction, to Mr. Byron Moore, tbe setretary of tb& V.B.C; a gentleman of whom my readers may possibly have heard. Mr. Moore, who visits tbe course .thrice & week all the year round, was good eaotigh to offer me a seat in his trap, and to him am I indebted for such facte hereinafter set down as did not come under my own immediate observation. We approach the course by the main carriage, drive, with its rows of symmetrical pines and handsome post-and-chain border — a vast improvement on the galvaui-ed iron fence of yore —and alightiog, make our way direct to the Hill. Here we find a large body of workmen engaged on (the new Hill-stand—" the pit, so to speak, of our theatre," says Mr. Moore, rapidly scanning the work, while his trusty henchman, Jonathan, stands ready for quick but compre* hensive orders. A fine stand this will be in a few days, capable of accommodating 5000 people, while the earth excavated from its foundations, added to the Hill itself, gives vantage-ground for 2)000 more—a sort of practical version of the Irishman's blanket-lengthening feat, to which Mr. Moore, teste further proofs, is rather partial. We mount the stand, and " view the shining landscape o'er." In the distance, lying in front and to the right and left of us, in an extended cresccnt, are marvellous Melbourne — great G.A.S., we thank thee for that adjective — aud several of its further suburbs, still — though it is 10 of the clock ^-somewhat veiled in morning haze, but with all prominent spires and bulky buildings clearly distinguishable; nearer still, FJemington, Essen don, and Footscray, with the " silver streak " of the Saltwater River, beloved of bream fishers j and in the immediate foreground, the course— every iuch of it discernible from "start" to "finish"—the "jumpp," training tracks, and dividing fences mnp-like in their distinctness. The training tracks in themselves, we learn, extend over four and a half miles,, and one of them just completed cost £1000. The.ground covered in rolling and harrowing the various tracks amounts to no less tb&t; 7000 zsiles per annum. Close beneath us are the many buildings dotting the saddling-paddock; then the dual grand-stand, whence u the swells," by the way, will have no better view than we, and then the Hill itself, sloping up to our feet, ruled across its verdant face with the " barriersor breaks/' so admirably designed, partly as rests for the elbows of the.' 1 madding crowd " and partly as safety-valves for the pressure of surging humanity. Pasting to the rear of the Hill-stand by a convenient gangway piercing it through the centre, we sec the preparation for the bars that are to take the place of the unsightly, sheds of old, tbe convenient range of lockers for the caterers, and the extensive lunch eon-rooms, where the public are henceforth to enjoy a good and comfortable " square meal" for their halfcrown Enough accommodation here for the appetite of . a Gargantua, and for drinkables to assuage even the thirst of the famous period when Pantagruel was born, end when the drought— to quote tbe chronicler— 41 had Jasted thirty aod Fix month?, three weeks,'four days, thirteen hours, and a little' more," or about as loDg as ic recently lasted throughout the Aus* traliaof to-day. Facing the verandah at the back of the new stand is the seren-acreTecreation reserve, already a favorite resort of the Hillites, with its sheltered nooks, its mirror-embellished rustic pavilions for ladies a.nd family parties, its belt of-flourishing shrubs, its flower parterres and fountains, and its pleasant greensward. Here, remote alike from lhe hubbub of the Flat and saddling pad- dock, or the rivalries of the fashionable lawn, can mater/amilias and the ".chicks" enjoy tlirmeelves, and eveu miss a race, in domebtic dolce far niaite, while their own special babd discmrsetli them sweet music. Truly this recreation reserve is a prand idea, liberally carried out. No wouder that the attenlance at tbe Hill alone last Cup Day was upwards of 6000 iu excess of any previous meeting. As we shall see anon, Mr. Moore bas proved that he recognises the requirements of the "upper ten but here, on the Hill, he is essentially "the people's caterer," and as such say I, for one, " Long may he wave," While still on tbe brow of the Hill, we commnnd the various approaches to the course, the wide gravelled paths, the equally well-kept roads, the overhead bridges and subways by.jfbich the great masses of the people move lo and fro in three great divisions, like so many battalions of one vast army, without any of the. jostling and clashing of the former days. Mr. Moore must have studied the acience of war, orat any rate have played many a bout of ffnegapiel,' to hare mastered the difficulties of the situation as behaP. Descending tbe Hitl, my attention is drawn to still further improvements now making to'the main grandstand, which is being substantially lengthened at both ends by the addition of 1 new committee and stewards' rooms, members* lavatories, &c.; I am' also allowed to~inspect the fuit /of apartments specially prepared-for! His Excellency the Governor and his friends, inclndlug reception and retiring rooms, .aa elegant boudojr, and a spacious lancheon- room, all richly Juinishfd and decorated with great taste. Noticing in passing the new Press-room: where ray brother " hireling hacks"— Strong,'-* forgive thee, but never more be preachifier of mine where we scribes sit cheek by jowl beside a .green-baize covered table, much like a row ofr amiable penguins by the sad sea waves-paasW tbis now centrally .situated and well.arranged Toom, I am shown the new tea and coffee room, ; 80ft. long, with its excellent appliances; and next tbe two spacious apartments,-one at each end of the stand, provided specially for tbe ladies, and so much appreciated at recent meetings. My Brace is limited, and I cannot enter into details of bow .every possible want and wish of the fair SK» h T 6 ^orcelaUcd - Mr. Moore, with all his . is also evidently^. m ihe T ™ f « T sense of lhe wori But. J mUBt i filld to mention that the very chaste' decuratiOEs of tbese apartments, as well as of thc Gcvernor's suite, &c;, are by M. Duturbure, a gentleman recently settled in Melbourne. &n; improvement that will escape the notice of racegoers, but will be almost unconsciously appreciated, is a new grassy ridge towards the western end. ;of the grand stand, formed of the earth excavated from the foundation ot the extension cl&se; by, and capable of Accommodating a thousand spectators. I here learn that no less than 25fQ00 cubic yards of earth have thus been utilised throughout the grounds, while at the western end of the grand stand I see preparations for removing the electric telegraph office and clock tower to more -central positions; also, for the erection of numerous electric "scratching boards 11 here, there, and everywhere—an item that the public will hail with pleasure.. Betnrning along the front of the grand stand —a lengthy promenade in itself—noticing en passant the luncheon-room, with its thousand and odd chairs ready at a moment's notice, we come to further extensive alterations in active progress at the eastern end, the approaches being greatly widened, and a new slope being made to lead late oomers directly from the train to the back of the stand, thus saving them time and trouble. A new grass terrace at the eastern end of the lawn provides increased facilities of view for 6000 people, the earth for this being obtained from .the excavations for the foundations of yet ahother new grand stand on the slope hard by. This stand, now all bat completed, affords a splendid overlook for some 3500 spectators, with fine bar-accommodation, luncheon rooms, Jcc., at the Tear. With just a peep at the railway station, whence ou last Gup Day no less than 22 train** were despatched in seventeen minutes, where three trains can draw up in readiness on each side, while the central rails hold carriages foj 10,000 more travellers — and where the very lengthy platforms help the crowds to melt away as by magic—we take a hurried tour amongst the hothouses and nurseries, where the " flowers that bloom in the spring" or autumn, as the case may be, are coaxed into floral perfection and meet their engagements with a promptitude that savoursof commercial morality. The fernery with its wealth of foliage and its " Minnehaha V fountain, the roomy carpenter's shop, paint- room, ironmongery store, stables, Sec, all removed ' from their former locality so as to improve the general' entourage of. the course ; the afternoon tea-house for the ladies, the carriage paddock, and the plots of ground where the Club grows its own horse-feed, &c; ; the quarry whence excellent road, metal is obtained at prime cost—all these are rapidly visited in turn; and then mounting once more into the trap, we proceed between beds of mignonette and other flowers along .the new members 1 drive (in itself an exceedingly convenient and excellent affair), and' pause at the top of the rise to take a comprehensive view of' the conrse and its surroundings. The improvements .we have just inspected provide increased accommodation for. upwards ot 20,000 persons, and furnish, with their former congeners, a capacity not only far outstripping, any modern racecourse, but exceeding the great' show-places of old. .The Coliseum of Borne, so often quoted as one of the seven wonders of the Middle Ages, held some 70,000 people. Fleming-, ton can'now accommodate half as many again, without taking into consideration the numerous natural slopes and " coigns of vantage "' round about \ Leaving the course, my attention is drawn to a new street about to be opened m the Flemington-road. This will be a great convenience, as it will save a long detour, affording at the same • time better travelling for the vehicles. Taken altogether, the recent improvements at Flemington make it, apart from other considerations, e plaoe well worthy of a visit even when it is; ae above," In its curlpapers." With the splendid programme of the forthcoming Winter Meeting oq the 17th July superadded, who would not be there? 'You must bear in mind that this is all an adjunct to the real ^business of the day, namely, ' -the racing, and to those who are really fond ot ' that most English of English, and Irish of Irish pports, cross-country racing, the programme will indeed be a treat. The first event on the card of the day's sport is the Maiden Hurdle Bace, specially intended to introduce new blood into the ranks of the hurdle- racers; and here we see blood, bone, and beauty in fair skins, for here such celebrities on the racecourse as Plausible, Sheet Anchor, First Prince, Seahorse, -Aristocrat, Country Boy, Ebony, Black Diamond, and a host of others, will do battle. Then comes the Maiden Steeplechase, and here' here we find Royal Maid making her debut over big fences,' among many whose names are new to lame; as well as those whose essays over fences. have. been .numerous but uncrowned hitherto with success. . • The -Grand National Hurdle Bace follows, and as Mr. Barnard has had his usual success in alio ting the weights, one of the grandest races • over hurdles: ever seen should result. Insolvent, Huntsman, Tantallser, Ditto -(who .ran close up in an Australian Cup),, Duration, Distiller, -Caloola, Koolyte, Aristocrat, Hilltop, Don 1 Quixote, Sinking Fund, Sheet Anchor, and Grattan should all prove worthy rivals to the first* named pair .at the burden sallowed them.. The event, however, which always causes the most -intense excitement on hiil, paddock, or law is the Grand' National Steeplechase, in' which .the great Tasmanian son of Horatio, Denmark, holds, by' vzrtne of many, victories, the pride of place, giving weight even unto the ' giant Mernder, a thoroughbred horse standing nearly, -if not quite, 18 hands- -Then Lady > Ashton; the: granddaughter of Panic, is Alone worth going to see. Studley, who has placed a . lot of jumping events' to his credit is also here. Game makes his.first appearance over the big atioksi- whilst those ancients of. days, Kanaka ' and blackthorn, again revisit thie scene of their \- farmer. triumphs. Adelaide sends Brown \- Eagle hnd Charcoal; BlackaU is from Queensland; Clarence represents New Zealand; Euchrc is a-Gippslander, though-trained at Ballarat Besides these, a host of lesser lights adorn the programme/end tliis should be the greatest 'Steeplechase ever seen at Fleming ton.: , A flat face en dathe day's sports, and here all -the speedy; nulers .of the. day are. engaged. Boolka, Uaroney, Britisher, Ringmaster, Acolyte, Silvermiuc, The Ghost Mozart, Ironmaster, and: St Odille are in themselves sufficient tj show that sport of the merriest kind may be expected. Trains from the country will be run at holiday excursion fares, and many of the farmers' trains will fit in to enable the sturdy yeoman of 'Victoria to combine business and pleasure. 