PARISIAN ECHOES. Paris, 19th June. (FROM OUR OWN CORRESPONDENT.) Money is the sinew of war and of canal making. Just now, M. de Lesseps is ex periencing that it is more difficult to obtain capital than to arrange the difference in level for .his watery highway between the two oceans, or to conquer the freaks of the River Chagres. M. de Freycinet has at last made up his mind to cover the Panama enterprise with the agis of France. The Government has submitted a bill to the Chamber, authorising the Canal Com pany to issue new capital on the lottery principle, redemption of bonds with the bait of prize-drawings.: This i3 not hopeful as an outlook. The introduction of the bill was welcomed with anything but marks of favor, nor is at all certain that the guarantee; asked for will be voted;' ..That Banquo’s ghost, Mexico, is ever before the eyes of the deputies. Mexican, bonds,. thanks to the Due de Moray—who was in the swim—shot up like a rocket, but: they- fell 50 per cent., that is, descended like the stick, when Uncle Sam put his foot down on the project of Napoleon 111. to occupy Mexico, under the guise of prospecting, protecting, or Latin-race planting, Central America. . France is not at all iu the humor for in vesting her savings iu foreign investments; her people have been since three years, too, .livingon their capital, so it is questionable, if the country be now as rich as formerly it was reputed to be. Millions upon millions have been- sunk -in 'house building, iu'un healthy commerce and industry;. specula tions about as ■ remunerative-- oSVSpanislT bonds. - Trade is so persistently' stagnant," that there being little business there can be little profit, and concurrently, establish ments have to be kept up, and indispeusible employes retained though really haviug got no work to do, as certain horses in a stable eating each other’s heads oil’. The last fourth of the Panama shares, which run up and down like the mercury in a weather glass, must soon be called for; this will go, not so much to defray the current expenses of the works as to finance the new paper thrown on the market. opinion will likely not permit the Government crutching up any private enter prise, even indirectly, no matter what amount of trumpet blowing be indulged in, either in the way of patriotism or puffs. Gold may be bought too dear. Put in a tight place to pay contractors who must have ready money, the shareholders, who also are the chief proprietors of the Suez Canal scrip, will be forced to place such on the market to. raise the wind, when England if she likes can buy them in, and so become the Canal Coinpan}'. Then the transit rates through the Suez Canal would be largely reduced, to encourage Indian and Australian products. This may be the way a popular prediction perhaps /is to be realised, that the casting vote oil the Suez Canal board will be Ulti mately held by the Australians. For the moment, however, Australians have to look nearer home. The question of Che New Hebrides is ugly, and can rapidly become grave. The expedition from New Caledonia, so secretly fitted out, setting sail with sealed orders, landing troops, unfurling the tricolor—all that smacks of business, and the making of one self at home. Yet the treaty between Eng land and France, debaring either Power from occupying the islands, is so explicit, so re cent, that even in this age of tearing-up of inconvenient treaties, of Russsian Jtnesse, of land-grabbing, of puuishiug natives for out rages, and then remaining to “ protect,” or annex them after the castigation, one cau hardly believe France would deliberately provoke a serious misunderstanding with England. As yet opinion has not expressed itself on the new difficulty prepared for the Re public; aud the most serious it could en counter would be the gratuitous offending of a first-class Power. It is surmised that be hind the cession of New Hebrides, or the connivance of their annexation by France; England has a secret compensation, just as she winked at the “ protection ” of Tunisia to punish the Kroumirs as a write-off for her own occupation of Cyprus. M. de Freycinet, too, is “devilish sly, Sir,” but that game does not always succeed with him. He may play the New Hebrides card to stir the English out of Egypt, or may continue it so long as to involve the good relations between Australia and the mother country, or to in duce a collapse in the Imperial federation crusade. There is still the not unlikely motive to force England into a kind of joint ownership of the New Hebrides, as Bismarck compelled her to knuckle down iu the case of New’ Guinea. That accom plished France would claim the right, like the Duke of Northumberland, to do what she liked with her own. On the Continent, so weak in the knees and backbone is Eng land viewed, that if she be only sufficiently badgered and bullied, it is believed you can obtain what you like from her, even to Home Rule. Russia, too, only waits for the mo ment of a complication between France and England to revenge her defeat in Bulgaria. Xiie solution of the New Hebrides im broglio largely rests with Australia. If she be divided on the course to adopt, it is better to let matters slide at once. If she remain united, she has only to “corner” the mother country iuto plain speaking and vigorous resolution, in order to prevent the question from becoming deplorable. France cannot exist in the Southern Pacific with an unfriendly or hostile Australia for neighbor. Then, Aus tralians, being modern business men, capable of seeing through milestones as well as any diplomatists, may resent the French flag being hoisted over New’ Hebrides, and may not allow French ships to touch at any Aus tralian ports. Will the mother country back up the giant infant in her manifest destiny ? Once iu possession of the islands, nothing could preveut Franee from shipping thereto her “best” recidivistes from New Caledonia, as the pioneers for her “ worst” | habitual criminals, exported direct from the Continent. People do not swallow’ anything ugly with out makiug such wry faces as would secure the fortuuc of a photographer could he fix the grimaces. The Senate is iu such a posi tion respecting the bill sent up to it from the Chamber of Deputies for the expulsion of the Princes. The Fathers will consent to vote it, after all their vowing they would ne’er consent. Aud public opinion will neither curse them nor bless them for so doing, being perfectly indifferent whether four or 40 princes be sent out of the land. Any public opinion in France at the present moment, is the product of professional politicians, aud theuewspapersthey influence, or own. The real pulse of the country can not be felt, as the institution of open air meetings, iu addition to not being a fashion, are illegal; hence do not exist. There is a kind of Brahma resignation abroad, a creep ing comatose condition provoked by chronic disappointment at the cloud of commercial and industrial depression not lifting. Iu the way of securing posts and pensions, business is brisk. An onslaught is now being made on the Ministries of Finance aud Foreign Affairs, to clear these offices of all anti republicans. The game is not at all new, and is common to all parties. The Mackay-Bcunett cable is telling on the French Telegraph Company to New York. The directors of the latter will not resign, though requested to do so by two thirds of the shareholders. Ye Englise, as she is spoken:—“ The English ‘ biers’ sold here,” and “ The best and cheapest ‘ taylor’ in Paris. Worth trying by young ladies—-A French proverb says, “ If a girl treads on the tail of a cat she will be married within a year.” The tale of Beauty and the Beast exists in English, German, Danish, Nor i wegiau, Russian, Bohemian, Servian, Greek, Italian, ' Spanish, Portuguese, French, and Breton. These languages and races bad a common origin; it seems reasonable, therefore, to conclude that this story was the common property of these peoples before they separated from their early Aryan home iu Central Asia. The opinion is ’ entertained now by many men of science that the art of making stone for structural purposes is prehistoric, and that the Pyramids were, | in fact, built of artificial blocks manu- j factored'from the surrounding plain. I 