"The Sphinx: A Mystery. I. I At by profession a barrister, and as there seems to be a popular notion that all young barristers who write their experiences, or otherwise figure in Spolite literature, are briefless, it may be right to say that I am not alto. *gether a briefless barrister, having held several briefs', and earnestly ex pectinig more. My friend Charley Deben, from the City, came up to my chambers one day last December, bringing me an in :viteation from his family to go home with: him and spend Christmas. Ihad been a good many times with Charley to his paternal roof-tree in Essex, and SI never failed to greatly enjoy myself each time. I liked the old people, and also .hs brothers and sisters whom I aw. They were true and natural Eng.. lish country people, who had grown, as it.werp, out of the soil, like. the violets .lby the hazel-roots or the may. blossom on the hedgerows. But there was a secret attraction for me in that home Swhich outweighed all the rest a hun dred-fold. Charley's grown-up sister Ethel had fairly entered into posses sion 6f the vacant space in the core of .my Effections. The very first time I met her she exerted her peculiar influence over.me. What young man does not 'know the tender anticipation with which he looks forward to meeting the sister of his friend, whom he has heard aboutmoret than once before in lovable terms from her brother, and who 'already has excited a gentle interest in his breast'? It was with this feeling '-that I first encountered Miss Ethel .Deben. I had gone with Charley to * 'his home, "Oak Hall," Essex, to -spend a-week in wild-fowl shooting, ;and it .wac then I met her for the first :time. Her almost perfect features, her 'rich' blnck'hair, her bright complexion, :her dark-blue eyes in which truth and .tenderness seemed mirrored, her quiet °lady-like manners- and sweet semile, hd captivated my heart. Succeeding visits had only completed .my thraldom, and her .dear image was never far from my .thoughts; it disputed my attention with files of parchment deeds, and perpetually obtruded itself amongst Sthem as a picture of Arcadian life in a laboratory of physical apparatus. It 'was:rather- a hopeless passion of mine, however,for EthelDeben was not only beautiful, amiable, and admired, but .also well .dowered, and I calculated, with legal acumen, -but at the same time with very small satisfaction, that such aprizeas she was would soon be carried off. My own circumstances were at best only promising, and I ecould only keep in the background while.e'me more fortunate individual, -whose bread had been buttered for ;him by a kinder Fortune, played a lead ing part,.aid weont the rare-meed. But, •although I kept carefully in the back :ground, I was only too glad to avail myself of ACharley Deben's -.invitation to spend Christmas in her • sooity. Lihe-the month, Iwae drawn invincibly to the candle, and so I went -down with him to Cakl Hall, happy to see and be near her again, but gnard S.ing mysslf cautiously against any be trayal of attachment. :W 'e arrived at Oakl Hall .on Chriat anes Eve. We had found a trap wait ixg for us at the nearest railway station, and had driven six miles in the dark, through a wooden upland country, to the house, which stood on S" hill surrounded by a park with some fine old timber. It was a wet, inflated, boisterous night, and we were gratified to see the warm light of the windows of the old family home appear through the trees at last. Charley urged on the horse, and we soon drew up in front of the house-a square, comfort able, old red-Irick mansion, with a pillared portico, many plain oblong wtindows, tall chimney-tops, and a itone doatwof-arms over the doorway. T'wo great coedar stood sentinel at eaok end, and spread their black flakes. over the lawn. Mr. Deben, a hale, hearty old gentleman, was ready to receive us at the door, and Mrs. Deben met us in the lobby, where Obarley was soon en gaged with his young brothers and sisters in a scramble for presents. When I entered the drawing-room, I found a good number of people there, one or two of whom I had met before, and others who were strangers to me. Ethel Deben was the first to meet me and shake hands. She came forward with her usual frank manner, and at once introduced me to another smiling beauty who followed her. Miss Rose Herrick, Ethel's friend, was a fair, Staxon type of beauty, all roses and lilies and dimples. Her hair was of a flaxen brown, but soft as silk, and wavy over the temples. When she laughed her blooming face was the in carnation of merriment and fun. Another of the guests to whom I was introduced for the first time was a young squire called Heywood, a fine, brown-haired, broad-shouldered, young fellow, with many fine brown and broad acres to match. He looked and was a good fellow, I am obliged to confess it; but I felt little desire to converse with him. The fact is, he damped my spirits for a little while: Iwas foolish enough to feel the slightest shade ofjealousy at seeing him, without any reason, I own; but love does not wait for reasons. On calmly considering the matter, however, I forced myself to dismiss any feeling of jealousy from my mind, because I had no right to enter tain it. If young Mr. Heywood admired EthelDeben it wasno business of mine. 'Let it be so,' I said to myself; and I determined to be as cheerful under the circumstances as if no thought of Ethel Debon had ever agitated my bosom. So, while Heywood lounged very close to Ethel, I sat down just as close to Rose Herrick. We became friends in a moment, and very soon we were laughing gaily together over repartees that seemed to flow (at least from me) with unusual copious ness and brilliancy. The more Rose laughed at my jokes the better I was pleased; and I was not sorry to see that Mr. Heywood said little to Ethel that could be called amusing. I fear I was jealous still. 'Oh! by-the-by, Mr. Temple,' said Rose to me, 'I ought to tell you your bed- room is the haunted room. Do you know there is a haunted room in this old house, with a wonderful ghost in it, or voice, or something? Ethel will tell you the story. On former occasions the ghost has made its appearance, or the voice has been heard, about Christmas time; so don't be surprised if you hear a queer voice talking to you to.night a weird elfin voice, complaining of it's sad fate, and warning you of future ills." 'I should like to talk with a spirit,' I said. 'I should like to know my future lot-at least, une or two things abliouit. I wish some kind angel would deign to enlighten me about them. But the days of genii, and wizards, and magic glasses are past, and angel's visits are very, very few and far between.' 'Oh, no'! they are not," said Rose, 'if we only had eyes to see them: you will believe me yet. But how about the automaton Zoe? I have never seen her yet. What is she like? They say the old automaton Psycho has fallen in love with her, and is quite off his head. II. I thought very little about ghosts, or indeed anything else, when I got to my chamber that night. I was too tired for thinkling, and very soon went to bed. Next morning was Christmas Day, and, according to all immemorial legends and tales, the country ought to have been lying under a close white coverlet of snow; the holly.trees, with their red berries, should have been stuffed with the powdery crystals; and the lanes should have looked like the galleries of some ivory palace under the intricate fretwork of snow-laced boughs. But our Christmas Day was mild and almost balmy-a green yule. A light grey fog lay in the hollows, a mellow sunshine enlivened the moist air and gilded the bare twigs of the trees against the blue sky. It was a quiet, still, genial day after the bois terous night before, and there was a Sabbath calm about it in keeping with the time. In the forenoon we all went to ser vice in the village church.. I walked there beside Miss Ethel, and returned along with Miss Rose, exchanging places with Mr. Heywood. It was only a short walk across the park to church, so we did not have much conversation ; but it was a happy time for me. Ethel seemed so kind, charming, and withal sensible, that I wished the time would never change, the walk never come to an end. Rose was in capital humour, and asked me if I had not had any communications from the spirits during the night. I said that theymight have been in legions round my nightcap, playing at bo-peep in my ears, and pirouetting on my nose, for all I knew or cared, I was so tired-out last night, ;and had slept so soundly. ' I see you are a sceptic,' she said; 'you are spirit-proof. Even Allie _lade would not convince you.' 'I am a lawyer,' I replied, 'and like to see black on white.' 'But I suppose you would be satisfied with white on black, and that is what Allie would give you with her slate.' 'I think we lawyers rather expnsed Allie's slate.writing.' 'That is matter of opinion. Y.u had popular prejudice on your side, and played upon it to great purpose. Yonu couldn't explain the raps, and lights, and the ringing of bells. Ah! there are more things in heaven and earth, Horatio, than are comprelsended in Joke and Dlack stone." In the afternoon Charley Deben and his brother Frank, who had just come home from abroad, Mr. Heywood and I, took a long walk, and returned to the Hall in time to dress for dinner, which was served earlier than usual. At dinner I found myself between Rose Herrick and EthelDeben. The meal was a substantial specimen of old English Christmas cheer, refined by modern taste and science. We were a merry party. Charley Deben and his brother Frank were especially entertaining. The host and hostess looked the picture of good hamourcd happiness; and the old vicar of the parish, with his ruddy but refined features, and thin grey locks, smiled again and again at the ready sallies of youth, and toasted Ethel with a grave but fatherly courtesy that was almost a benediction. After dinner we had music and games, dancing and acting charades. Often during the dance my eyes furtively sought out Ethel, and stole a gaze at her radiant beauty. If her eyes chanced to turn in my direction, I was quick to lower mine or avert them. I danced several times with her, and found her ever the same; charmig, gentle, natural, and true, with apparently no vestige of affecta tion in her whole demeanour. Hey wood led her to the floor a great many times, and seemed very attentive to her. Her manner was at least as gracious to him as to me. If any jealous feeling crossed me, I sought out Rose Herrick as soon as I could, in order to regain a proper tone. Supper was another meal alinost as substantial as dinner. By this time the old vicar and one or two more had taken their departure, so that the party was smaller, but even more e6nvivial. It was not very late whenwe broke up for the night-at least, I do not think it was. When I got to the sitting-room from which my bedroom opened, I drew an easy chair before the fire and sank into it. I was in that delicious frame of mind induced by good cheer, well seasoned with good wine, good company, but, above all, with love. I was deeply in love with Ethel Deben. There was no questioning it. My chamber was a cosy, old-fashioned place, with high wainscoting of carved oak, blackened by time. There was a quaint look about the ancient place, and it seemed to me the very acme of comfort on a winter night. A fagot fire blazed and crackled cheerily in the grate, and cast flickering lights on the furniture and damask curtain hangings of the window: for I had turned the lamp low in order to recede within my own thoughts. The wind, which had been laid all day, now began to bestir itself and hurry round the chimney-tops. I felt inspired with a poem-a poem expressing my presdnt happiness and my love. My heart struggled for utterance, and a feeling of inspiration grew upon me. I was possessed by the muse. A little writing-table stood near, with writing materials all handy, and kindly pro vided for my use by a thoughtfully hostess, or perhaps by Ethel herself. I drew it close to my elbow and pre pared myself to write. The thoughts came glowing, but disjointed and in coherent, from my heart. I wrote them down as they came, intending to put them into verse form afterwards. I wished now only to express my confused happiness and passion. I covered sheet after sheet in a few moments with the rapidity of a short band writer, and then I stopped, having worked off the superabundant feeling. I began to declaim to myself what I had written, and to polish it into form. SVision of Beauty, gliding through mylife. ' Icommenced, in a fine and elevated voice, 'Ethereal goddess haunting'dismal groves, And bringing to men lost in the earthly haze, A glimpse of azure fields f ivory gates. and golden rivers In the ideal regions, too much forgot. Divine Ethel ' I stopped to correct this into ' Ethel divine,' and almost fancied that I heard a sound of mocking laughter quite close to my face. Ilistened, and could hardly believe my senses, but I Iseemed still to catch a light laugh--a faint, tiny, muffled kind of laugh, but yet perfectly distinct. It seemed to be in the air and to hover over the table. There was nothing on the table but my writingpaper and blotting-book, the ink- bottle; a pen-holder, and a pen-wiper. The holder was a repre. sentation of Cleopatra's Needle, open at the top to insert the handles of pens; and the wiper was made up in the form of an Egyptian sphinx, and was at the same time a pin-cushion. It was a neat little sphinx in dark-red cloth, with a woman's head. The body served for the pin-cushion and the pedestal for the wiper. That was all the table contained. I fancied I must have been dreaming, or perhaps I had taken too much wine. I was a sleepy fool, and ought to get off to bed as fast as possible; but the mysterious voice again seemed to break silence. This time it spoke, and seemed to issue from the sphinx, whose impassive face regarded me with a calm and rigid solemnity. ' Ohild of mortals,' said the sphinx, ' know that the immortals brook no comparison with things of clay. Cease thy futile ravings, thy incom prehensible cries of a passion that is as fleeting as thy ephemeral race, which is as the grass that is cut down.' £ Who art thou ?' I demanded, in a clear but forced voice. SI am the Oracle of Tumrn. I know all that is past and all that is to come. Excuse metre.' SWilt thou answer the questionsI would put to fate ?' ' I will. ' 'Oracle of Tumrn, thou knowest I love. Deign to tell me if there is hope for me in my attachment. Answer Ay or No ' ' Child of mortals,' replied the sphinx, 'know that there is no Good night I' And the voice abruptly ceased. The silence recalled me to my senses, and I was certainly surprised at myself. Was it an illusion I had suffered, such as I had often read about? Was I ill? Had the wine really gone to my head ? And then I suddenly remembered Rose Herrick's banter about the haunted room. Too surely it was haunted, but by a real spirit? I was sceptical of ghosts and spiritualism; but it seemed that the superstitious fibre which I believe exists in every man was strangely vibrating in me now. What if after all there were more things in heaven and earth than were dreamt of in my philosophy ! As to the answer of the spirit, I can't say it troubled me then. I was too much concerned about my strange experi ence. III. Next morning when I awoke, with the genial sunshine streaming into my window, the event of the past night seemed like a curious dream or night mare, and I almost persuaded myself that I had been the subject of some waking dream; which are common enough, although I had never experi enced one myse.f before. Still, I was not perfectly satisfied with this explana. tion; the whole affair seemed to be so real. I determined, however, to say nothing about it to anybody, and when Rose Herrick twitted me again at the breakfast-tablefabout ghosts, I vowed an utter immunity from any of their clandestine visitations. I thought I_ observed a suppressed smile on her lips, but she only replied ' Ah, then! Mr. Temple, I'm afraid the spirits think they will make no impression on your hard legal soul.' I was left alone the greater part of this day-the day after Christmas. In the morning the young la dies, Miss Ethel and Miss Rose, and some of the children, paid a visit to a neighbouring family, Mr. Heywood driving them. Charley Deben, his brother Frank, and some more, went out shooting. I remained at home, having some letters to write, and wishing to be alone. I was somewhat sulky and jealous at Heywood's monopoly of Ethel during the entire day. She sat beside him on the front seat of the trap, and they went off very gaily together, Rose Herrick laughing and wavi g her hand back to me as I stood rath glumly at the door. I found the d wing-room empty when I went indoo,, and was not sorry at it. I lay own on a lounge and reflected over y visit. It had been a happy one, and yet an unhappy one. In Ethel's company I was happy, and yet I wae tung by the presence of Heywood, sjd the atten tions he paid her. I 5pasoned with myself, and came to ae conclusion that it. was silly on ;y, art, and useless, to be discomfit~efl.1 (nythbing of the kind. I convinc'.mayself that I ought to act as if she Jas no more to me than Rose Herrick. ?r was spoiling my holiday by my absi fancies, and if I could not master my filf, the sooner I left for town the better. ' Yes,' I said to myself; ' I will make my exit to-morrow, or at least as soon as I can get away.' Then I fell to thinking about my uncanny experience with the sphinx. -I was not satisfied that it was an illusion of the senses, snd yet I could think of no possiljle eiplans tion of it. It could not be a trick, for there was no mechanism about the little table, with its slender sten, and two knick-knacks. Ventrilbquism, too, was out of the question Idid not know what to make of/it. It occurred to me to consult the library about 'illusions,' ' dreams,' ' spiri tualism,' &c.;, and I went to it at once. On the library table lay a collation of newspapers and periodicals, some of which were scientific, others popolar There was an electricaljournalamongst the former, with an illustratid cover which interested me. I took it up, and it opened at a marked page. The mystery of the sphinx was at once revealed. On this page was adiagram representing the practical use bf a new invention called the telephone, an instrument for conveying accurate speech by means of electricity. . It was the first I had heard of the artiou lating telephone. I saw it all now. Charley's brother Frank was an electrician by profes sion, and he had brought home with him two small American telephones. The girls had conceived the idea of tricking me by their means, anhd had got him to fix a telephone 'ire for them, which they had skilftlly en closec the little instrument in the sphinx pin-cushion on the griting. table. No doubt they had the other telephone at the other end of the wire in a convenient place, where they could use it without being geen or heard, and thus by speaking inta it they were enabled to act the Oracle of Tum, since the telephone inside the sphinx reprpduced whatever 'sounds they made. This revelation filled me with glee and triumph. I now resol-. lected about the laughter at the beginning, and sudden stoppage of the oracle at the end of the conversation I had had with the sphinx; and as I did not doubt that Rose Herrick played the oracle, I imagined that Ethel had suddenly ended the seance by forcibly stopping her mouth. I went to the sitting- room and examined the sphinx and table. Sure enough I felt the hard frame of the telephone inside the pin-cushion, and trroed the wire, a fine silk-covered wire, like thread, down the leg of the table, under the carpet, and up the wall, till it joined the ordinary bell. wire of the room, which had been utilised as part of the telephone cirouit. Evening came, and the young ladies returned. I met them with my uneual manner. They had had a splendid day, and so wished I had been along with them. I had quite lost mysoelf, moping up in the house all day. The shooting party arrived soon after, and we all spent a comfortable, social evening in the drawing - room with music and conversation. When the ladies had retired for the night, I was not long in following suit. I went at once to my chamber, and took my seat as quietly ac possible beside the little writing table, and applied my ear to the sphinx. I could hear indistinct sounds. as of speaking, and occasion ally a little low laughter. In a few moments the sounds became more distinct, and I heard perfectly, as well as recognised, the voices of the speakers-Rose and Ethel. " I wonder if he is in his room yet ?" said Rose. 'Oh, no, he can't be,' said Ethel; 'gentlemen never break up all at once. ' Now, Ethel, after stopping me last r:;ht, confess you do like, Mr. Temple -1 little.' 'Well, then, I do like him-a little.' 'And you don't care for Mr. Heywood-not much.' ' And 1 don't care for Mr. Heywood -not much; but I know who does.' This was indeed a revelation to me. The blood rushed into my face, and my heart palpitated so that I feared they might hear it through the tele phone. 'Who would have thought MIr. Temple was a poet?' said Rose. I strove hard to hear more, buht could only make out indistinct sounds. Suddenly it occurred to me to make a noise to attract their attention, and inform them that I had got to my room. I flung myself heavily into the easy chair, and heaved a long, hope less sigh. 'Oh, there he is I' I heard Rose say, in an intense whisper. ' Did you hear that groan ? Oh, he is very bad.' There was a period of silence. Then I heard a voice issuing from the sphinx in lofty and solemn tones. It was the voice of the Oracle of Tum. SChild of mortals,' it began; ' where art thou ?' 'Oracle of Tum,' I replied, 'here am I.' ' Wouldst thou know to whom thy destiny is linked in future ? Wouldst thou know the fate that hangs over thy love? Wouldst thou lift the veil of the unknown to gaze uipon the features of thy beloved? Thou whose soul is yearning for a daughter of thy transient race, wouldst thou know if she loves thee ?' 'Oracle of Tum,' I replied, in calm and measured accents, 'know that I am indifferent. Know that a child of mortals, that passionate and feeble race which you seem to despise, can also display the unshaken self com mand of an immortal. I solicit no revelations from destiny. I am content to wait with fortitude. Oracle of Tnm, I am indifferent.' I heard a half-suppressed 'Oh my ? and that was all. Need I say that I went to bed one of the happiest of men. The next morning I preserved my usual gravity at breakfast, and read my letters dilligently, but with agitated thoughts. During the fore noon I found an opportunity to seek Miss Ethel in the garden, where she happened to be alone. ' Miss Ethel,' I said, as we reached an arbour at the end of the Pear-tree walk, 'I had a strange experience last night.' She blushed very deeply, and turned aside her head. 'Did you ever hear of the Oracle of Tum ?' There was no reply. 'Ethal,' I said earnestly, taking her hand, ' you know that I love you. I am here to ask you if you return my love-to ask you if youwill be my wife.' Ethel Deben was as true then as she had ever been. I took her in my arms, and she laid her beautiful head on my breast. At this moment there was a light foot on the walk and a light laugh on the air. We looked up, and saw Rose Herrick tripping towards us with a roguish look in her face, while Mr. Heywood stood behind at.the far end of the walk. 'Destiny has revealed itself at last,' she said, in coming forward. 'In spite of Tum's great oracle,' I replied. 'Well, did I not tell you that there were more things in heaven and earth than were dreamt of in your philosophy?' 'Name them,' said I. 'Why, the telephone. And did I not tell you that there were angels still who came to do good deeds to men ' ' ' Who are they ?' I asked. 'Why, myself,' answered Rose. ' That is Mr. Heywood at the end of the walk. Had we not better go to him ? ' said Ethel. 'That is my own Tum,' said Rose, 'and henceforth I am his own ex clusive oracle.' Dr. Reid was requested by a lady of literary eminence to call at her house. "Be sure you recollect the address," said she, as she quitted the room. "No. 1, Chesterfield Street "-" M£adam," said the doctor, "I amn too great an admirer of politeness not to remember Chesterfield, and I fear too selfish ever to forget one number." "Papa," said the daughter of a large employer of labour, "are you in favour of the eight-hour system ?"-" Well, daughter," he answered, " under certain circumstanoes, I am,"-Oh, I'm so glad," abshe rapturously exclaimed "Why, my dear, why are you so interested ?"-" Because, papa, George has been only staying four hours every evening, and he told me last night if you favoured the eight.hour system he need'nt go home nearly so early. You dear old papa, I am so glad you are in favour of it I" and she threw her soft, white arms about his neck, and choked off all explanations. 