fiCTidH. I Lady Branksmere. 1 By the Author of 'Phiiub,' 'Mou.t Baws,' 4-Me6. GEOFrBEY,' --Dobib1'' &c.; Chaptek XV. He said, Or Tight or -wrong, -what camc into his bead. After all, it is only Mre. Billy herself who meets their expectant gaze — Mrs. Billy, gowned in a charming «o£tomo of white serge, and accompanied by Dick. Her bonny face is wreathed in smiles, and ehe accosts Margery in quite a radiant fashion. 44 See here, Meg. I've got a real good thing to ? ?' Bat at fhfa she stops dead short, and the good thing h lost for ever. She stares inquiringly at Tommy, who is genoreusly returning the attention, having his round eyes fixed immov ably upon her. At last Mrs. Billy gives way. She smiles broadly. ' You don't help me, Meg,' ehe says, with a little laugh. ' The situation, I have no doubt, is full of interest, bat as yet I am rather in the daik. Is this,' with a second swift glance at Paulyn, ' another at your young men?' At this question, uttered in the airiest manner possible, Hr. Bellow — who up to this has maintained a silence charged with dynamite — breaks inlo a short sepulchral laugh ! It ends almost as it began, and nobody takes the slightest notice of it except Margery, who caste upon him a glance fraught with many meanings. 44 Certainly not,' she says, in answer to the question. ' It is only Tommy. Tommy Paulyn, you know.' Why, yes, certainly,' says Mrs. Billy, beaming upon file Hon. Tommy, and holding out to him a friendly hand. H 'When did you oome, eh ? I seem to have known you for centuries ; the girls talk so much about you.' '' The girls' look scornful ; Tommy grins. 'They would, you know ? ' he says, riving his shirt collar a conceited pull. 44 They are so load of me.' Mrs. Daryl laughs. 44 Isn't it true, Angelica?' persists Mr. Paulyn, un daunted by the dark looks cast on him by that sedate maiden. 44 Dont you love me ?' 44 Have I said so, Tommy?' -mVn ehe in her quaint, grave, quakerish fashion. ' A thousand times, ' replies he. ' I will not contradict you. I leave it to your con science!' says the slim, tall, childish little thing, with a lovely reproach in her soft, steady eyes. 44 You leave it in safe quarters, then,' declares the irre pressible Tommy, who seems to find a special joy in teasing her. ' You have named as umpire in this case about the best thing of its kind. Don't mind her, Mrs. Daryl ; she J adores me. Come over here, Angelica, and sit beside me. I j have a whole budget of news to open to you.' j He backs towarcls a sofa as bespeaks — a patriarchal piece I ?f furniture that has been in the family for generations. ? ' *4 No, I frill not,' Bays Angelica, with all the sweet, cold j sternness of a child. ' You have not said what's true. I j will not go near you.' i 44 Then you'll be sorry, pretitntly,' says Mr. Paulyn, | with conviction. ' When I'm gone ! I shall only be here j for a week or so at the farthest, and who knows when you will see me again ! ' Here he seats himself heavily upon the lUieicnt sofa, which creaks aloud in an expiring agony, Tommy being no small weight. ' I'm a bird of passage, you know-— here to-day, and gone ? '' The word ' to-morrow ' is squealed out in a stifled tone, the old sofa having given way beneath him and buried him amongst its ruins. In his exit Mr. Paulyn may be said to have surpassed himself, naught of him being left to the admiring audience save a pair of perfectly appointed legs. Heels up the Hon. Tommy disappears from view. But these heels being discovered a little later on to be fall of animation, and indeed kicking vigorously, the un happy victim of a sofa's weakness is once more baulod into eight by those around. 'Weil,I'mda ? . I'm bio ? . Oh, confound it!' gaBps he, growing irritable over his inability to give way to naughty language in the prcsonce of the girls. ' What the dooce is the good of a sola like that, eh? Regular man-* trap, what V I'll take jolly goud care 1 don't trust myself to its tender mercies again. ' 1,4 You have taken care,' cries Margery, who is roaring with laughter. ' it's in bits, poor old thing. And such an | old friend as it was tool You ought to be ashamed' of yourself, Tommy.' 'Well, l'n. not,' says Tommy; and then he joins in with the majority and laughs perhaps the loudest of them all at liia mishap. Even Mr. Bellow has been bo far ini- j pressed by the scene as to forget his wrongs and give way to moody mirth ; but now, recollecting himself, goes back once more to gloom and the shadow of the window curtains. ' Are you staying at Branksmere ?' asks Dick. ' Muriel said something about your coming.' ' Yes, at Branksmere. Fine old place. By-the-by,' glancing round him confidentially, and cvidontly accepting Mrs. Billy as a confidante upon the spot, ' 1 never saw anything so awful as Muriel is looking ! Like a handBome ghost. White as paper, don't you know, and her eyes as big as a pond,' ' Elegant description !' murmurs Dick, admiringly. ' Been getting it up. Tommy V*' 44 She regularly frightened me, I can tell you. I used to be spoony about that girl,' confesses Mr. Paulyn in a loud, ?Hear voioe. ' 1 loved, her like — like — well, like anything, you know ; and now to find her so pale and— and still, rather took it out of me. Somebody ought to sec to it, you know. Branksmere must be treating her very queer to bring her to such a pass. I can't get her out of my head,' declares Mr. Paulyn, earnestly. 44 Kept dreamin' of her all last night.' 44 You're in love with her still,'' laughs Mrs. Billy, gaily; 'that's what's the matter with- you.' She has eaught a nervous light in Margery's eyes, and thus comes to her support and comfort. 44 Not a bit of- it,' says Tommy stoutly. ' Only she , worries me. She's as good as my sister, you know. In fart, all the girls here make up the only idea of home I've ever known. And I'm certain Muriel ? ' 44 Is quite happy,' interrupts Margery, decisively, her face a little pale. ' Why, what silly notion have you gut into your head now ? Is Muriel never to have a headache '( — never to look pale '( Is she such a favourite uf the gods that all the ills of life are to be held back from her-'' ?' What 1 want to know is,' says Mr. Paulyn, who is hopelessly unimpressed by this eager defence, 'why she married itrauksuiere. He's a good old chap ciiuugli, and 1 really like him, but there was that other U-iiow, lie's staying there now, by the way— dootasd bmt tu.sU- «( him, I think — well ! she was going to marry him a while : ago, eh?' ! 44 I'm jolly glad she didn't,' says Dick. So am 1,' supplements Angelica. ' Dancing master eort of man !' ' She married Branksmere because she chose to do so,' declares Margery slowly. 41 Who shall arrange for her her reasons ?' Not I, for one,' says Tommy. 44 But ? ' 44 You will understand that there are to.be no 'bats' in this case,' interrupts Maxgeiy suddenly, with a little flash of anger. 44 1 will not have Muriel's motives publicly can vassed. Do you hear ¥' Her eyes are bright, her lips tremulous. 41 Ah! I've discovered it,' cries Mrs. Billy at this un certain moment, with* the bride air of one who has at last achieved a victory over a treacherous memory. 44 What?' asks Angelica, eagerly. 41 What it was I was going to say to Meg when first I eame into the room It escaped me then, but now 1 have it— recaptured. Margery, a word with you.' She draws Meg aside, out of hearing, out of the late dis cussion altogether, aud, whatever she says to her, in a minute or two the angry flush fades from the girl's faoe, and she grows calm Vfgain, if still a little sod. As for Tommy, he is left upon the field in a distinctly injured frame of mind. _ It is an odd tiling if I can't disonss the girts1 well being amongst themselves,' he protests indignantly. 44 II IS all very fine their pretending Is lie so independent but ; Pni their cousin, and a sort of a guardian, by Jove. In , foot, I feel as if they were all flung upon my shoulders now, somehow. Billy is, of course, too much taken up with { his late purchase to eoe anything beyond his nose, and I Peter' (mildly) ' is about the biggest fool I know1.' ] At this one of the twins bursts into a fit of inextinguish able laughter. So pure, so jolly it is, that perforce most of the others chime in with it. Mr. Paulyn, however, re- | gaids the outburst with a grave eye. 44 That child's not well,' he says slowly. 44 Somebody J had better look to it If that severe paroxysm continues much longer I wouldn't answer for the consequencea.'' 41 What is it, May, Blanche?' asks Dick, who generally addresses each of the twins by both their names, so as to make sure of them. But May is still beyond speech. 44 Pat her on Che back, somebody, mildly but firmly,' entreats Mr. Paulyn generally, shifting his glass from his j right to his left eye. 44 Give it her strong. Now then, my poor child. Better, eh? Well enough to explain ?' 44 It's only this,' cries May, with a faint relapse into her explosive state, 41 that what you just now said of Peter is exactly what he said of you yesterday, that you were the 4 biggest fool unhung.' That was how he put it.' *4 Ah ! an improvement on my little speech,' declares Mr. Paulyn, unmoved. 44 Peter, if a little wanting, is still a spedally nice fallow, and to think me the biggest fool un hung only proves the truth of my opinion of him. You agree with me, Bellew?' dragging into the foreground the morose young man amongst the window curtains. 44 Do I P' says he, in a tone that warns Mr. Paulyn. 44 It will be unsafe to follow up the argument.' 44 What is the matter with you this morning, Curecm?' asks Margery, who has again joined the throng. 44 You look to me so sour, that I shouldn't think you would agree with anyone.' * 44 1 don't want to,' returns Mr. Bellew, with unwonted force. His wrongs burn within him, and his anger waxes warm. 44 Lucky you ! as matters stand.' 44 I wonder you have the hardihood even to address me,' breaks out he in a vehement undertone — his wrath at last getting the better of him. He does not wait for her answer to this, but turns abruptly aside, leaving her amazed aud indignant, and in fact, as she whispers to herself, with a good deal 'in for him!' Chapter XVI. Frowning they went. Mrs. Billy is still laughing over May's revelation of Peter. 44 Poor Peter,' -ehe ia saying, 41 what a shame to betray him. He certainly docs say funny things at times.' 44 Not so funny as Dick, breaks in Blanche, airily, who thinks she sees her way to creatine a sensation at least equal to May's. 44 He told us all about you before yon came. But 1 don't think he could have known, because what he said wasn't a bit like you.' 44 What did he say ? Was it too flattering a picture he drew ?' asks Wilhelmina, laughing again. Blanche ! ' calls out Dick, who has grown very red. ' Go fetch ine my fishing rod from the den, and I'll go and get you Bome trout for your breakfast to-morrow.' 44 Mot until you have given me Dick's portrait of me, drawn from his inner consciousness, says Mrs. Daryl, mis chievously. 44 Now begin ? 1 was ? 44 Tall — verv — very big,' nods the child solemnly. 14 And you are quite little after all. He said, too, that you would be a dreadful woman— a sort of an Orson! and that you would ? ' 44 Blanche! ? ' in an agony from Dick. *' You would hate little girls like me and May, and go ibout the farm all day in topboots and leggings. You wouldn't like loggings, would you, now?' 44 No, no,' assents Mrs. Billy. 41 And he said you would always carry a cartwhip with pou, to strike the farm people with — with, just like Legree, md Sambo, and Jumbo— -rec'lect.' 44 Perfectly. Oh ! Dick ! and so that was what you thought of me. Say, Billy!' accosting Mr. Daryl, who has suddenly appeared on the doorway. 44 A fetching des cription, wasn't it? I'd have known it anywhere,' says Daryl, who is now shaking hands with and welooming roniiuy. 4- Staying with Muriel, eh ?' he asks. ' I'll tell you something,' says Blanche, who is busy idorning all Wilhelmina's buttonholes with Primroses. 14 Muriel isn't a hit like the rest of us, is she now P When Bhe gets in a rage ? ' 44 Which is about once in a blue moon,' interposes Angelica. ?' She never stampB,or fumes, or boxe6 people's ears, as Meg does.' Here everybody laughs involuntarily. ' As anybody would do,' corrects Blanohe, with a penitent glance at Margery. 41 She only stands straight up, l:ko this,' drawing up her little fat body into an ! absurd attempt at dignity. 44 And opens her eyes wide, like this, and fastens up her fingers so ! It is terrifying, I i can tell you,' with a salient nod and the expressive little ' slung of the shuuldcrs that is an heirloom in the Daryl family. 44 Wo never vexed Muriel if we could help our- I selves.' I 44 Muriel was clever, it seems to me,' exclaims Mrs. 1 Billy. 44 1 wish you to understand, Billy, that now, at last, I know the way to manage you. The wisdom of babes is astounding. When next you give me a bad time I shall be terrifying. Blanche has just shown mo how 1 shall draw myself up, so,' throwing herself into a pretty but exaggerated position, 'and open my eyes bo ; and close my fingers upon you, so,' giving him a dainty little pinch, 'and then you'll be done for in no time!' She looks so bright, so gay, so replete with honest life, so defiant, yet so loving withal, that Billy must be forgiven for resorting to instant measures for tne reducing of her to order. He gives her first a sound shake and then a sound kiss. 44 And that's what I'll do ! ' says he. 44 Billy ! what a barbarian you are ! ' cries she, blushing hotly at this breach of etiquette, but as they are all enjoy ing her discomfiture, she gives up expostulation, and pre sently her laugh is the clearest and merriest amongst them. 44 Pity the ball next Thursday isn't a fancy one,' sayB Angelica. 41 You could manage to look a part, I am sure. As a rule, I am told, the Madame Favarts looK like Joan of Arcs, and the Marie Stuarts like Serpolettes. That must rather destroy the effect.' 44 What are you going to wear, Meg,' asks Tommy Paulyn. 44 Nothing.' 44 * Nothing.' My dear girl, consider. We are advanced enough iii all conscience, but ? there still is a line !' '? ' I'm not going,' says Miss Daryl. 44 That is what I iiuiin.' '? Not going 'r' ' .No. i'iie iat t ia, I haven't a gown,' declares Margery, bluntly, disdaining subterfuge, and secure in the thought iJnii it ik too lute for anyone touched by her state to older one for her.' ' Nonsense. Meg,' cries Mrs. Daryl sharply. 4 'Of course you air going. Why, your gown came half-an -hour ago by the mid-day train. I'm wool -gathering to-day . That is another thing, 1 forgot to tell you. It is upst— — ' But there is no longer a Margery to address. Miss Daryl has flown from the room, and presently returns to them with a mystic mass of tulle and lace carried reverently between her outstretched arms. 44 Ah! W illy, what can I aay ?' whispers lihe ; tears in her soft eyes. 44 Why, you pretty little goose ! Did you think I could enjoy myself without you ? It is all selfishness,' smiles Wilhelmina. ' There is Peter ones Margery presently in an excited tone (they have all gone into raptures over Worth's last triumph by this time). 44 He is coming across the lawn. He must see it too.' She runs to the window and waves her handkerchief with frantic grace. 44 Peter! Peter'. Peter! Pi — i — i — pear,' calls she gaily. At last he heare her, and leisurely (being ignorant of the greatness of the occasion) crosses the lawn lower down and comes up to her. 44 AVhy on earth can't you hurry yourself,' dries she. 44 The day is long— and patience is a virtue to be culti vated!' 41 Perhaps ' {ironioally), 44 ycru think you have iLn 44 1 know I have it.' ' Pouf 1 How men deceive themselves? Patience is a virtue, Catch it if you can ; ; It is seldom in a woman, | But never— never— MK-fsa in a man? I However, don't mind thA, Peter ! Oome in until I show I you my new gown that Willy has given me. Isn't it a beauty? A lovely thing P' 44 it is indeed a charming dress,' savs Peter, looking at Wilhelmina as gratefully as though the gift to this, his favourite sister, had been made to himself. 44 Where is Curzon ?' he asks presently. 44 X thought he was here.' At this they all look round. 44 He certainly was here a minute or two ago,' says Dick, who has been heaping ashes on his head ever since Blanche's disclosure, but now thinks it better tirasaert himself, if only to see how the land lies. ' He went away,' savs little May, blandly ; 41 he was cross with Meg, and I think he didn't like Willie to give her the pretty new frock, because the moment he saw it he went out of the window.' Oh! terrible eyes of infancy— what smallest mood escapes you ! Margery feels that the gaze of those assembled is by this untoward speech fastened expectantly upon her. 44 1 think he was vexed aboat something,' she stammers. 44 But I don't know what it was.' 44 He is walking up and down the garden,' cries Blanche, who has been peeping round the window. 44 He has his eyes excitedly glued to the ground. I'm sure, I'm certain, he is looking for cockroaches!' 44 Looking for a reason for his ill-temper, more likely,' says Margery disdainfully. 44 Go and find him, and have it out,1' says Mr. Paulyn, good-naturedly. 44 Why should If One would think it was a tooth you were talking about!' returns Miss Daryl indignantly. 44 Go and have it out with him yourself. He was looking daggers at yon all the time he was indoors. What have I got to do with him ?' 44 1 leave your own innate sense of truth to answer that question, Margaret,' says Mr. Paulyn solemnly. ' No, you don't,' wrathfully, 'you want to answer it yourself. It is a most extraordinary thing, Tommy, that you will interfere in the affaire of other people.' 44 It is my opinion that you have had a right-down flam up wich him,' says the Hon. Tommy, unabashed. 44 Do you really think, after all your experience, that such an opinion as yours is of any consequence at all?' 44 A reg'lar shindy,' persists Mr. Paulyn, untouched by this scathing remark. ' Pshaw!' exclaims she, in an accent of unmixed scorn, and stepping through the southern window may be seen presently marching off in the direction of the wood, a route that will convey her far from tho garden made obnoxious by Mr. Bellew's presence. She is haraly gone upon her solitary journey when the upper window is darkened by the incoming form of that moody young man. He looks forlorn and crestfallen and altogether out of it, as one might say. Hecoiacs awkwardly in, and gazes eagerly, but somewhat shamefacedly, around, and then looks distinctly blank. 44 Looking for Margery ?' asks Peter, blithely. 44 No. Oh no,' returns Bellew, with a miserable attempt at a lie. 44 If you are,' insists Peter, with a noble disregard of this feeble assertion, ' you'll find her in the bcech wood.' 41 She has only just gone,-' puts in Mr. Paulyn, with an encouraging air. 44 The trail is still fresh. If you hurry you'll catch it.' 44 I'll catch it, anyway,' returns Mr. Bellew, darkly, as with a gloomy eye he drops onoe more on to the verandah and turns Ins footsteps in the track of his false love. (2b be continued.) 