Thirst for Gold. T&taUliag; Ste?y of Te-a&y.;: CHAPTER xxyn. rWf --bl the poor proud creature on Ill's aofas 7.7 ahd. bxthei' hie face with eau de Colongue. Ho poke directly! and laid that was nice, and 'His head ! head !' And I don't think he was ever quite insensible, , but ne dia not know what was going on, for presently, he. opened his eyes wide, and stared at us bo, and then closed with oh such a sigh ; It! swelled my heart almost to bursting. And to think I cou'd say nothing ; but mamma soothed him and insisted on his keepingTjuiet ; for he wanted to ton away ; from ue. . . : She was never aq. good, to. bim before : she .said,. 'My "dear child, ybu have, my pjty .'and my ' " esteem! j alas! that at yourAge you' should be tried like this. How few in this sorry world would hare acted like you I should have sided with my own ' flesh and blood, for one!' ' What, right or .wrong ?' he asked. : , 'Tea,' said she,' 'right or wr6ng.'"Tben she turned to ma: 'JnliB, shall all the generosity be on his :'' iideP' . "" : . :'.;i : V. I. kissed her and clung to her, but dared not- speak ; : i but -I was mad enough to hope, I scarcely know what, till she. said in the same kind, sorrowful. voice, 'I egree with you; yon can never be my'ion ; nor Julia's husband. But as for that money, it revolts ' me to proceed to exlrsmes against ooe, who .after allfis your father, my; poor, poor, 'chivalrous boy.' . . But she .would deoide nothing without Edward j he ,. had taken hii father's plac6 dn this house. So then I gave all up, for Edward' is made of iron. Alfred Mas clearer 'lighted tban X, and never had a hope ; .. he put hi# arm round mmtna and kissed her, and she kilB<d him; and he kissed my hand, and crept away, and I be&rd; his step. on the stsir, and on the road ever so far, and life seemed ended for me wheD I heard it'no more. Edward has come home. : Mamma told him all ; he listened grsvely I hung upon hie , lips ; and at last the oracle spoke;. and said, 'This is a nice muddle.' More we could not get from him; he'inust Bleep on it. O suspense ! you torture ! . He hod seen a plaee he thinks will' suit ue it is -a. bad omen1 his saying that so aoon after. As I went to bed; I could . not help whispering, ' If he and I are'parted, so will you and Jane.'" 'The cruel boy answered me out loud, 'Thank you, little girl that is a temptation ; and- you hove put me on my guard.' . . Oh, how hard it is to understand a man ! thev are . .so impracticable with their justice and things. I , came away with my cheeks burning, and my heart like a stone ; to bed, but not to sleep. : My poor, . Vpoor, unhappy, noble Alfred !' : ' Dec. 27tb. : Mamma and Edward have discussed it : they say nothing to me. Can they have written to him r I go about my duties Iike'a ghost; and pray for submiesion to the Divine will.' ' December 25th. To-day as I was reading by main force to Mrs. Eaglton's sick girl, came Sarah all in a hurry with, I was wanted, Miss. But I would finish my. chapter, -and O how hard the devil tried to make make me gabble it ; so I clenched my teeth at him, and read it as if I was spelling it ; and then didn't I fly? : He was there; and they all eat waiting for me. I was hot and cold all at toe same time, and he rose and bowed to me, and I curtseyed to him, and eat down and took my work; and didn't know one bit what I was doing. And one new oracle, Edward, laid down the law like anything. 'Look here, Hnrdie,' said he, 'if abybody but you had told ue about thie fourteen thousand pounds, I should set the police on your governor before now. But it seems to me a shabby thing to attack a father on .the son's information, especially when it's out of love for one cf us He has denounced his own fleeh and blood.' ' No, no,' said Alfred, eagerly, ' out of love of justice.' Ah, you IbinV «o, my fine fellow, but you would not havo don i! ; r a stranger,' raid Edward. Then he went o" : f ail blunders, the worst is to fall between'. y.p6!s: look here, mamma; wa decide, for. the son'o sake, not to attack the father: after that it would be very inconsistent to turn the cold shoulder to the son. Another thing, who suffers most by this fraud ? why the man that marries Julia.' Alfred burst out impetuously, 'Oh, prove that to me, and let me b» that sufferer.' . Edwsrd turned calmly to mamma : ' If the fourteen thou sand pounds was in our hands, whst should you do' with it?' The dear thing said she should' settle at least tea thousand of it on Me, and marry- Me to this poor motherless boy, ' whom' I have learned to love my- self,' said she. . 'There,' said Edward, ' you bcs it is you who lose by your governor's — I won't say what — if you marry my sister.'" Alfred, took bib hand, and said, ' God bless yon for telling me this.' Edward turned to mamma and me, and said, ' This poor fellow has left his father's house because he wronged us ; then this house ought to open its arms to him ; that is only justice ; but now to be just to our side % I have been to Mr. Crawford, the lawyer, \- and I find .this Hardie junior has ten thousand pounds of bin own. That ought to be settled on Julia, to moke up for what she loses by Hardie senior's— I won't say what.' Jf anybody settles any of their trash on me, I'll beat them, find throw it in the fire,' s&id; I ; ' and I haled money.' The diaole asked- ine directly did I hate clothes and food, and charity to the poor, and cleanliness, and decency ? Then I didn't hate money, ' for none of these things can exist without money, you little, romantic humbng ; you shut up . Mamma rebuksd. him for expressions, but ap; proved his sentiments. But I did not care for his' sentiments ; for bo smiled on tte, and said, 'We two are of one mind; we .shall transfer our fortune to Captain Dodd, whom my father has robbod. Julia will consent to. share my honest poverty.' 'Well, we will, ta'k about that,' said Edward pompously. . ' Talk about it without me, then,' I dried, and. got up, and. marched out indignant ; only it was partly my low cunning to bide my face that I could' not beep the rapture out of. And, as soon as I had re tired with cola dignity, off I skipped into the garden to let my face loose, and I think tbey sent him after me ; for I heato his quick stop behind me, so I ran away from him as bard as I could ; so of course he soon caught me, in the shrubbery where he asked me to be his ; and he kissed both, my hands' again and again like wildfire, as he is, and he said, ' You are right, dearest ; let them t»!k of thoir trash while X tell yon how I adore you ; poverty with you' will lie the soul's wealth ; even misfortune, by your ride, would hardly bo misfortuv ; let all the world go, And let yon and I be one, and live together, and die together; for now I see I could not have lived without you, nor without your love.' And I whis pered something on his shoulder, no matter what what signifies the cackle of a goose? and we mingled onr happy tears, and our hearts, and onr souls. Ah, Love is a eweet, a dreadful passion: what we two have gone through for ooe another in a. few months! He dined with us, and Edward and he v sat a long, long, time talking ; I dare say it wss 1 isrily about their odious inonsy ; still I envy Edward having him so long. But ' at last he came up, and ! devoured me with his lovely grey eyes, and I sang j£ him jAilesn Arcon, and he whispered things in my Jf -ear, oh, suoh a weet,' sweet , idiotic, darling, things ; \- I will not part with even the shadow of one of them ..... by. putting it on paper! only I am the blfssedest ereafcure in all the world : and I only hope to good- " riess it is not very sicked to be so bappy'as I am. ; '"Doc. 81st. It is all settled; Alfred reiurns to Oxford to make up for loit time ; the time spent in " construing me instead of Greek ; and at the end of the term he is to come of age and marry— somebody. Marriage! what a word to put 'down! ' It makes ' metingie; it thrills me; it frightens me delioiously: co, not deliciously : anything but that : for suppose, being both of ns fiery, and thsy all "say one of thom \- ought to b# cold-blood for a pair to be happy, I should make hiia a downright bad wife. Why thsn X hope I shal! die in a year or two out of my dar- ' ling's way, and let him have a good one instead. : I'd come back from the grave and tsar her to '; ' pisess.' jan. 4th. Found a'ssint in a gsmt over a stable. 1 Took her my lunchoon clandestinely : thsfc is lady- ' ' 'like for ' under my apron ; and was detected and r ' ' ; = eypostulated by Ke3. He took me into his studio i O carpeted with shavings— and showed me the lieer digest, an enormona book he? has made of newspaper euttings all in applepie order ; and out of this authority he proved vice and poverty abound' most whenever there abe most bharities. Oh, end _the poor' a set of intnxicated sne?k?, and Me: a Demoralising ; influence. It is all very, fine': but why ore there saints in garret), and half-sbafved ? 'that rouses all my evil passions, and. I caririot bear it ; it is no use.' ' . ; . ' Jan. 6bh. -Once a gay day ; but now a sad one. Mamma gone to see poor paps, where is he. Alired found me sorrowful, and rested my forehead' on bis shoulder ; :qhat- soothed me; while it lasted. I think I should like to grow there. Mem. ! to burn this diary ; and never leb a creature see a syllabi, j . As soon as he was gone, prayod earnestly on my knees riot to moke sn idol of him. For it is our poqr idole that are destroyed'.' for our weakness. Which really I cannot see the justice of.' , 'Jan. 8 th. .Jape does not approve my proposal' that we should praise now and then at the same hour instead of. always praying. I he dear girl sends. ; me her unconverted diary to show me she is brand.' I have read most of it. But really it seems; to me she was- always goodish : only she went to jpartise, and read novsls, and enjoyed society. There, I have finished it. r Oh dear, how like her unconverted diary- is to my convsrlod one! j 'Jan. 14th. A sorrowful day : be and I parted, after a fortnight of the tenderest affection,- and that mntual respect, without whioh neither of us, I think; oould love long. -I had resolved to be very! brave , but we were alone, and -hiB bright facs looked so sad ; the ohsnge in it took me by surprise add my . resolution failed ; I olung to him. If getlvineh could interpret, as we oan, he would never have left me. It it better as it is. He kissed my tears away as fart as tbey came : it was the first time -'he baft ever kissed more than my hand : so that I shel: have that to think of, and his dear promised letters 1 bat he made me ory more at the time, of course. Soma day, when we have been married years and years I shall tell him not to go and pay a lady for every tear ; If he wants her to leave. off. ! The whole place so gloomy and vacant now.' V ' Jan. 20th. Poverty etares us io the face. Ed ward . says we could make a modest living in. lion: don; and nobody bo ths wiser: but here we are known, and must be. ladies and geatldmcn, and foolo, he says. He has now made me seriously promise not to give money;and things out pfthe house to the poor : it is robbing my mother and him. . -Ah, now I see it is nonsense to despise money: h9rel come home sad from my poor people ; and I used to return warm ail over. And the poor old souls do Dot enjoy my sermons half as much as wheii I gave' them nice things to eat along with them. /, The dear boy. that I always loved dearly, but ad mire and love row that he has turned an intolerable tyrsnt, and hs used to be Wax, has put down two maids out of. our three, and brings, opr dinner up himself : in a j&oket;,' then puts on his ooat and sits down with us, and we sigh at him and he grinB and derides us ; be doss sot care one straw for Pomp. And mamma and I have to dress one another: now. And I like it.' 'Jan. 30th. He says we may, by great economy, subsist honestly till my wedding-day ;"but; then mamma and he must abgquatulsto. ' Oh, what stout hearts men have. They can 'jest at sorrow : even when, in spite of their great thick skins, they feel if. Ah, the real poor are happy; they marry, and need not leave the parish where their mother lives.' ' Feb; 4th. A kind and most delicate letter from Jane. She says, papa and I are muoh grievedjat Captain Dodd's aSiotion, and deeply concerned at your loss by the Bank. Papa has asked Uncle Thomas for- two hundred pounds,, and I entreat you to oblige ine by receiving it at my hands and apply ing according to the dictates of -your own affec tionate heart.' Actually onr Viceroy will not not let ma tare it: he says he will not accept a crumb from tho man. who owes' us a loaf.' : < : , ' Feb. 8bh. Jane mortified, and no wonder. -If ohe knew how very poor we ore, she would be surprised as well. I -have implored her not to take it to heart; fcr that all .will be explained ons day, and oho jwill soe we could not. 'I ! His dear letters ! I feed on them. We have.no, secrets, no two minds. He is to be a first class and then a private tutor. Our monoy is to go to mamma : it is he and I that are to work our fingers to the bone (l am to htppy !j and never let them.be driven by injustice from /their home. But all this is a great secret. The Viceroy will be defeated, only I let him talk till Alfred is here to back sn'eV. No ; it is not jiist the rightful owner of fourteen thousand ponndB should b9 poor. How shallow.: female education is : X.-was: always led to suppose modesty is the highest virtue. No such thing! Justiceia the queen of the virtues : He is justice incarnate.' 'March 10th. On reperusing this diary, it is de moralising; very: it feeds itself. Of aU the de testable compositions ! Me, Me, Me; from one end; to another : for when it -is not about myself, it is ' about Alfred, and that it is my he-Me though not my Bhe-one.- So now to turn over a new leaf : from this day I shall record only the things thst' happen in- this house and what my betters esy to rbe, not wb&t; lsay: and the texts; and outline of the ser mons ; and Jane's Christian admonitions.' . Before a resolve no virtuons all impure spirits re-' tire, taking off their. Hats, and bowing down to the very ground, but apprehending Small Beer. . CHAPTER XXVlir. ' Esctracts from' JajieMardit's Diary : . ' March 3rd. In my district again, the first time sincevmy illnses, from which I am indeed but half recovered. .. fipoks faithfully to Mrs. B. abont her infidel., husband : told her not to try and talk to him, but to talk to God about him. Gave her my tract— A quiet- hearl. Came home , tired. Prayed to' be used to sharpen the sickles of other reapers.' ' March 4tb. At St. Philip's to hear the Bishop. In the midst of an excellent sermon on Gen. i. 2, he came out with the waters of baptism, to my horror - be disclaimed the extravagant view some of them take ; then hankered after what he. denied, and then; partly unsaid, that too. While the poor man was .trimming hik sails, I slunk : behind.. a pillar in tho corner of my pew, and fell on my. knees, and prayed against, the stream of poison flowing on the congre gation. Oh, I felt like Jeremiah in hi9 dungeon. In the evening papa forbade me to go to church again: said, the wind was too cold : I kisoedjhim,. and went op to my room and put my head between" the pillows not to hear the bells. Prayed for poor Alfred.' . v ' ' March 5th. Sadly disappointed in J. D. I did hope, he was embittering the world to her by degrees. But for some time p>st she. writte in ill-concealed spirits. , - Another friend, after seeking rest in the world, ii now seeking it in Ritualism. May both be drawn from their rotten reeds to the cross. - And oh thi« moral may iay heart retata, All hopes of happiness on earth are vain. : ' March 6th. The cat is oot of the bag. . She is corresponding with Alfred; indeed she makes jno secret of it; Wrote -her, a faithful. :leitor. Re ceived a short reply, saying I had made her un happy, and begging ms to suspend my judgment till' she could undeceive me without giving me too much -pain. What mystery is this ?: ' March 7th. Alfred announces his unalterable determination to marry Julia. I read the letter to papa directly. He was silent for a longtime: and then said, "All the woree for both of them." It was all I could do to suppress a thrill of carnal com placency at the thought (his might in time pave the way to another union. E reh to think of that now is a sin. 1 Cor. vli- 20—4, plainly shows that whatever position of life we are placed in, there it is our duty to abide. A child, for instance, is placed in subjection to her parents ; and must not leave fcbem without their consent.' ' March 8tb, 8ent two cups of cold water to two fellow-pilgrims of mine on the way to Jerusalem, vie. : to B. H., Rom. riii. 1 ; to Mrs. M , Philipp. ii. 37. Frayed for inorease of humility. I am so afraid my great success in His vineyard has seduced me into feeling as if there was a spring of living water in myself, instead of every drop being derived from the true fountain.' Maroh 9th. Dr. Wycherley closeted two hours with papa— papa had sent for him, I find. What is it makes me think that man is no true friend to Alfred in his advice P I don't like these rounds about speakers : ths li7oly oracles are not round about.' 'Marsh 10th; My beloved friend and fellow - -labourer, Charlotte D — ruptured a blood-vessel at 3 p.m., and was : conveyed in; the ohariots , of angels' to the hesvonly bAnquefcing'hbuEe, to go no more out. May I be found watching;' ' Msrch llth.: : DreaHf tdly etar ved with Ihrsa afternoon sermons; ' If they go bh like thie, I really must stay at home,, and feed oppii tbb word.' 'March 12th; ' Alfred baa written to' his trustees, and'annbuhced'hii coming indrriage, and told them he is' going to eett-le all:bis money upon the Dodd«.. Papa quite agitated by this news-: it did not: coms from Alfred ; one of the trustees wrote -to papa. Oh, the blessing of Heaven will novsr'rert on .this unnatural marriage. ' Wrote a faithfiil ' letter to Alfred while papa was 'writing to our trustee!' .' ; 'MatbhT3fch. My book onB&lbmoh;'s Song ; now ready for publication. -But it,:is sb difficult now-a- 1 days to find a publisher for such a; subject. Tbo; rage is for sentimental sermons, or /else,, for. fiction under a thin disguise of religious biography.', ' Maroh 14th. Mr. Piummer, of whose; zeal and! unction I had heard so much,; was in town and heard of me, and came to ,sse me. by appointment just after lunoheon. Such a sweet meeting. He. came in and took my hand, . and in that postnrs prayed thet the Holy 8pirit might bs with ns to make our conversa tion profitable 'to ns, and redound to His glory. Poor man; his wife leads him. a oat and dog. life; Y; hear, with her jealousy. ; We had a sweet talk ; he- admires Canticles almost as muoh as l do : and has promisod to take my book and get it oast, on the Lord for me.' March 16th.' T« please, one must not be faithful. Miss L., after losing &U; her relations; and at thirty years of age, is to be marriod next week. She came to tbe and guchid out about the blsesibg Of having, at . last one earthly friend to whom she could confide everything. On th!e, I felt it my duty to' remind her she might lose him by death; and then wist a 'blank ! and I was going on to detach her frem the wrm of flevh, when ric' burst out crying and left me abruptly ; couldn't Da®? the trath, poor woman. , In the afternoon jgtek him and bowed, and longed to speak, but thocgw it iny duty not = to: .cried bitterly on reaching home.' ' Mareh 17th. Trenseribed all the texts on Solo mon Song. It seems be the way He bat msrke, 'out for me to serve him.'. : Maroh lQth. R-ceived this letter from Alfred : "Dear Jane, : I send yob a dozen kisses and a pisce of ad- v,icb ; learn more ;. teach less study mora ; preach I&sb;:. and" dont be in suoh a harry to judge and caudetnn your intelleotual and moral; superiors, ;on insufficient information. - ' " . . , . ; Your affectijnate brother, AiBBBD.' ' A poor return tor me loving his soul as my own. I do but advise him. the self-denial I myself , pursue. Woe bo to him if he rejsbic it.' '.March 20th. A psrvorse reply from, J. D; I bad proposed we should plsad for. our parents at the Throne. She says she fears that might seem like assuming the.ofuee of- the 'mediator: and betides her mother is nearer .Heaven than she is. What bliodnessj I don't know a more thoroughly un healthy mind than, poor Mrs. Dodd's. ; I am learn ing to pray wejking. ; Got this idea, from Mr. Tiammer. How closely he walks ! his mind so ex-, actly suits mine.' ... ! ' Maroh 22nd. ; Alfred returned. . .Went to 1 meet him at the station.; How bright and- handsome he looked ! He kissed me so -affsotionately ; and vyas as kind and loving as could bo: I, poor unfaithful' wretch, went hanging on his arm, andrbad not the! heart tod&sh; his carnal happiness just .then. He is gone! there.',; .. - i i j ' March 24th. Stole into Alfred's ..odging rwh'enj i he was out ; and, after prayer, pinned Deuterorio.mf: ixvii. 16, Proverbs iii. 1, and xv. 5, and iMark. i vii. rlO,. upon-bis bed-curtsins.? T\ ? s ' March 25th; : Alfred'has b'sen iri-my rocm. rond nailed Matthew vii. 1. Mark x. 7, and Ezvk, xriii. 20, on my wall. He found my diary, and has;read it, no.tto profit by; alas !; but to Scoff.' ; j : (Specimen of Alfred's comments. N.B. Fraternal gritioism! r Nolo. Bpiseopari. , It's an ill wind that blows nobody, good. . The old trick; picking one text,. straining it:; and.ignoring six. .,,So thou nob.qdy who is nob born married, must get married. , . Reoipe. To know : ptople's real estimate of themselves, study their langusgf of self- depreciation. If, even when they' andertake sb; .lower, themselves, they cannot help insinuating .seif-praise,: be. sure their humility is a puddle, their yaDity is a well.-. Thia sentence is typical of- the whole Diary, or rather Iary ; it sounds Publican;, smells Pharisee; '- , : i!"v. How potent a thing is : langnage 'in ';the! Hands 'of- a master 1 Here is sudden deaf-n made hump'roue' by afbw inbpngruou3 phrases neatly dis paced! Bxeu«e me; there is still a little -mtrkvt' for tho Liquefaction of Holy Wrtfc, and the Psrveraioii of Holy Writ; two deathless arts, which inset in your comment on the song ; you 'ascribe to Solpmon.. More than Mrs.JPlummer does, apparently. : , Apotheoris ; of the. .British- public. How very like profanshbss some people's piety, is! ; t. Faith, with this school, ' means ' anything tho opposite of Charity. ' . You are morally truthful : bat intsllectpally mendacious. The texts on Salomons' Song !. You know very well there is not one. No grave- writer in all Scripture has ever deigned to cite, or; notice, that coarse composition ; pnellaram 'delicla. : Modest periphrasis for "Hike it." Motto for this Diary ; " Ego, et Deus meus.' In . othar . words a good, old-fashioned, - sober, humble Christian, to whom the daring, familiarities, of your school seem blasphemiesV - J -! Here. I recognise, my. sister ; somewhat : spoiled by a detestable sect ; but lovable by nature i (which she is for over aburing) ; and therefore always ami-: able, when off her guard.) ' . , , !' 1 March 28th; .Mr. Crawford the attorney: called and told papa his son had instructed him to Examine the drnst-deed, and to draw his marriage ssttlemJrnb;' Papa treated him' with the' greatest ! civility, and brought him 'the deid.. He wanted to take jifc away. to copy ; but papa :said he had better send a,(olerk here. Poor papa hid His distress' from this ' gentle-" man, -.though not from me ; -and. gayo . him | anglais of wine. ... Then Mr. Crewford ohatted, an let 'out! Alfred had asked bim 'to. advanoe ahuudrecl pounds for the wedding presentB,: Papa.sid'he .'might !do:;fed witHperfeot safety.. .. ; ' But the moment he was ne, . his whole manner, changed. He walked about in terrible anger and agitation r and then sit down' ahd wrote letters; one was to uncle - Thomas | and ' one to a Mr. Wydherley; I believe a brother'bf the : doctor's. I never knew him so long writing- two letters beforo. Hoard a noise in the toad,, and it was Mr. Max- ley, and tho boys after! him Hooting ; they .Have found out his infirmity : what a savage animal is man, till graoa changss Him ! The poor aoul had a tick, and now and then turned and stiuokat them:; but His tormentors were too nimble. I draw papa to the window, and showed him, and reminded him of the poor man's request. He; answered, impatiently , what was that.to him? .'we have a worse cave n«rec: band, i Charitr begins at home.' :.:I ventured to say- yes, but it did not begin and end at horns.'; , ' March, 31th. Mr. Ovmond. here to-day ; and over iny work I heard popa ;;'tell him Alfred is blackening his character in the' town with some -im- posrible story, about 'fourteen thousands pounds. Mr. Osmond verykind and sympathising ; aet it all down to illusion ; assured papa tbee was neither malice nor insincerity in it, 'But what the better am I for that ? ' said poor papa : ' if I am elacdsred, I am slandered.' And they went out together., ....... Papa seems to feel this engagement more than all his troubles, and, knowing by sad experience it is useless! to expostulate with Alfred, I wrote a long and faithful letter to Julia, just before luncheon, putting it to her as a. Christian whether she could reconcile it to her profession to set a Bon against his father, and marry him in open defiance, i She replied 8 p.m. that her mother approved the marriage, and she owed no obedience, nor affection either, to my parent., . . . - - - ; .3.80; Sent back a lino rsHuVing her for this quibble. ! ' / ' , i - At 5 reoeived a note from Dodd proposing that the corfespondehco between mysslf and her daughter should cease for the present. 5,80. Retorted with an amendment that it should cease for ever- No reply. Such! are wordlings ! Remonstrance only galls them. And eo in one afternoon's oorreipondenoo ends one more; of my ; Christian friendships with persons of my 'own sex. This is the eighth, to whioh a carnal attachment i has baen spleedily fatal. r. : r ' In the ovenihg, Alfred came in looking very red, and asked me whether it was. not v> self-reliant and unoharifcabie of me to condemn Bo 'manyestimable person?, all bettor acquainted' vrihfthocitonmslvihqej ; than I am. T toplied w'th the 'fifth' c6tnman|lmeiitV He bit hisTip and said, ' We bad better not 'meet again, hntil you have found out which is worthiest ; of honour, your father or your brother.' And With this he left. abruptly .; and something telle mo I shall" not see ,hiin again. .My. feithfulhsss has wonnded- him to the. quick; Alas ! Prayed for bid : and .cried myself to sleep..' ' ' April 4th. , Met him divguisad .as; a qpEataori workman, and-.carryihg a saok fall of .thiugs.! T was so shooked loould not . maintain myo resolution ; I said, .Oh, Mr.: Edward, what are syou doing ?. He blushed a little, but told ms he.' wan going to sell. I soine .candlesticks and things of 'his making : and he should get a better price in that droso j all -traders looked on a- gentleman as a thing msde to be pillaged. 'Then he told.me he was goihg toi turh them ; into a., bonnet and a wreath ; and his beautifnl brown eyes sparkled rwithi affeotion. What egotistibal creatures they must be ! : : I was qnite overoome, and: ' Said;;. oh: why did he refuse our offer ? did he hate me Igd-Tery much that he would not even take bis due from; my hand? No, 'he- ssid, nobody in our hduse is ad unjust to you as to hate you.; my listor.honours you, add is verjr sorry 'ybu. think ill of. her': and, j as for m(e, I iove.yoa; youknow how l love you. i I- Hid my face in my hands ; and sobbed .out, .Ob, you must pot ; my poor. father has one disobedient ohild already. ' He said softly, "Don't cry, dear one ; have a little patienod ; perhaps ' the " clouds wilt clear : I and, meantime, why think so ill of ! us P Consider, I we are four in number, "of ! diff stout disporitions yotali of one. mind about Julia marryiog I Alfred. May we.ndt be right ; may we not know something we lpve.you too well, to. tpll yon P !:Bi words and; His rich maaly voioe were so soothing; I gave him just one Hand while I still Hid my burning face with the other ; . he kissed the hand I Ieft me abruptly. - j . ' If Alfred should be right! I,am staggered now; he pats it, so muoh more eonviueiugly.' . ; .'April. 5th.; A letler . from Alfred, anupnncing his wedding by special license for the the ll&h.; ... Made -no reply. What could I. ear ? : Papa, on my reading .it out, left! his very break-' f&sb; half finished, and paoked up his. bag and rnshed up to London. I caught .a eide view of hisl-face and I sm' miserable. SuoH a Hew, suoh a ; terrible expression I a vile expression ! "Heaven forgive me, it seemed, the look of one whoi meditated a crime.' ' ohapter'ixii; ' The .spirit of diesebaib'Uj in; Muigra re Cottage, penetrated ItoJ.'tbe l e'tf iitohen.: : Old Bitty - Bided? with Alfred, Jand .combktsd in.her plaoa the oriel of the Iparlorj; WHj', accbrding;to Misi, the; young; , sparro ws ere bound never to fly out1 of tho nest ; .or ' else have the Bible dung at 'em. She. do go on about God's Will: seeins to' me 'tie Hie will th' world should bs peopled by body and .beast— which they are , both His creatdreiWand, by the same toaken; if ' they don't marry .they does wus. Cer tainly, whilst a young manbideaat' home, it behoves ; him to be dutiful ; but that .mn't to say he is to bide | at home forever. . Mr. Alfred'stime to leave iseome we, and be.master in a .houio of " bis own,- as hjs' father done before him, Which be, .fbrgeUltoat WoW ; he -is- grown to inan's est6ts, and got;his ;inother's mon0y, and hb more bound to our master! tlan I .bej' - flhe ! said too, that 'parting biishts.mori qjiarrels than-it .reeui V, and' she constantly invitBd ' P«ggyrto speak aai;iM>y;. . er.,' i But '.1?egwjWy.aS y6ubg:: woman with white eyelashes, und. giving to lobking down, and not to speaking upj."r8he .wasljalways watohing:Mr. Hardie in' company, like a cat eriam.; and: hovering about him when alone. Botty Went. to: far- as. to: sccu- j "Her eof. odllq'&g;'-.iwtTriili,nf?"' against Alfred, and: of ' eettlng her cap at fimt8ter,' ! which accusation"eliciled hb 'ditoct: replybjut stibg- - ing innuenddej houre aftir.- "; j \- Now; if ptie looks into the thing, :;thei:oieine'nto j)f! I discord had attacked ! Albion Yilla quite as ipower- fully as : Musgrove Cottage ; but Had hitherto failed!' ! signally : ; the mutual affection of-'the Doddej was'so ! I bprnpletsi'-aiid no Unpfihoiple'd person smong 'thein" tb'kplit' the good. ; ' \ r!""'.! i'!', ?! i ' - / ! ( f' Ahd now that' the- wedding'JdreW! nsr/ttiBre wm hut' one joyful heart /within ' the: rwalis, phiodgH.' the others were; too' kind'and unselfisH'.to!. throw .cold. J wxteri Mrai'Dodd'sWwn wedding had endid .in a- i piteous separatiob!" and now to part with/Her jdarling I child : and . "lBubch her ;bh the ' uucetoih .'wave9 pf , matrimony ! ; Shs' heaved mi'ny a sig'H!! wHen: alone : ..but as' there .were'nd' bQpnds.to her" ihiitornal love, so fere-W0fb,ftb . exto'pttbparto.'iwr pbiitcnesi i.over her aching heart she fpto;ed.',bn!a'Wedding.fioe, sub dued; but hopeful, for, hoc j daughter, as shei would fbr; any!' other young; lady/.abou't to be married beneath' hsr roof. .'! . f ...!; ; . . . ;. It.Wanted but six days, when oho morning after breakfast the bereaved wif?,' and mother about to be -deeerted, addressed her son ! and! Viceroy: "thus : ' Edward, wa must: boiroW fifty pounds.' : . 'Fifty/pounds ? What-for? Who wants' that?' Why I want it,' said Mts? Dodd, stoutly. .: 'Oh, if you wantib— whatto do, please ?'' ' Why; to buy her wedding clothes/desr.' : ' I thought , what .her " I " would come - to;' said Julia, i-eproaohfully. .! . vK ; ! " ! ;Edward shook his head, and said; 'Hb who; goes a borrowing goes a sorrowing.'! ; ; '! But she is mot a he,' objveted MrvDodd with the: subtlety of a schoolman : ' and who ever heard of a young lady being married without some things! to be married in ?' ' "W»U; Fve heard Nudity is not, the: cheese on pub- He occasions ; but why not go dreaoed" 'like allady bh she always, does, only' With-, white gloves ; -and be I married Without any bother- ahd boniense.' ! ' You talk like a hoy,' said Mrs. Dodd. 'I could not bear it.; , My poor child r 'and she cast a look of tenderest pity on the prbpbssd victim. : -' Well, 'sup- : pose We make' the:pqor child -'the judge,' kuggertad Edward? He th'en ;putf it to Jiilia whethpr! under.' the circumstances, she- wontd wish them' ta rnu in debt, buying her finery to wear for a dav!!! !It'Was: not fair .to ask hcr>'; 8a!d_Mrs: Dodd;with a rigb; Jiilia .blusHf d and .hesitated j.'an'd ' 'said she Iwpuld: -He bandidV'aod theh stopped. \" '! ! , ; .. i -Ugh I'/ejacnlated Edward, 'This .;is a- |)ad:.be- gifinihg. Girl's "catdbur !' " Now for AmastOfpiiice I - of duplioityj.. - v. r ;(? - rrrl- V) n.' Jnlia. inquirq JHort''e i/bnd- Dodd w8 .'! r .aimlyVhatj .Jiilia. "w'aSjjndfclike .!otb« she' J' could ob" candid"; Had ' acbiiaUy ,. dope riti move than l.onoe, , within. herr recqlleetidn;.i.,.THe yoong lady jut,-; | tlfied the exe'eptigp;! as' follows!: l.t'lfj was-, going!tq. | be msmed to m'yaelf, . qr to epme gentleman . I did ! not cato for, LWquld not eoend a ehilling. ; But I am. going to .marry. Him ;: and eo— ob, Edward, think of them smyipgff;WHatpHat he. married f a dqwdy!:.' why she hadn't new things on ? to, go to qhurch with him. no bonpet, no -wreath, . no.-; new white dress !' To mortiff him the Very first, day of ; onr— r-rV .The ,8sntsnce;remained unfinished,, butr bwo lovely .eyes filled to this1 very , brim , without running . over; and completed the M.nse, and did the Tieeroy's business though a brother . Why you .-dear Jittle. gooaeif: »aid he ';ot oourec ri don't mean ; that.; . I have: as good as got the thinge we ..muet;buy ; end, those are a new bonnet— — .> r : 'Ah !' . ' A wreath of orange blobiom#——' : : - 'it' 'Ob, you good boy I' , ' Four pair of gloves i-itwo .white— one is ieafe to break — two dork:; -very: dark. i/invisible: green, cot: visible black ? lasfc the horeymoon. - All the rest you must find in the hensi.? -- : ; - . . ' What, fit her out with1 a parcel of old' things ? Can you be so cruel, re unreasonable, dear Edward?' 'Old tbiogs! Why, where is all jour gorgeous: attire from Oriental climes P I see the splendiferous articles arrive, and then they vanish! for ever.' : ' Now, shawls ahd Indian muslins ! pray what use are they' to a bride?'' - ' ; ! .: ' Why what - looks ' nicer . that a ! white j muslin dresB ?' ; i i ' Married in muslin ? The very idea makes me ' shiver. ": ! , ; ' Well, clap her on ahothcr peUicoat.' ! ' How can you' be so childish P Muslin is hob the thing.! ' ' !v .!.: :!v,!..!; - i '-"vVv 'No more is running in debt.- ! . '! | , He then suggeitsd that a white shawl i or two should bar out itito a bridal dreis, ! At, this, both, ladies' fair throats oplsnad on hirh; with ;ridieule : out fifty guinea shawls into tsn-pohnd dresaes ; that was inale economy ! was it P Total!; a, wedding was a wedding;: new. things 'always! hqd to bs bought for a , weddiDg,' add .always would! !iu sscule sssulornm." .'.!! : (To B.5 Cqsthtubd.) _ - Why onght March to be the ; twilftb, instead : of the third, month?— Why,! beoauso at winds .up the year,;of oourBe.i : ! ..» j 