j DERBY DAY JOTTINGS. " satheb gloriously fine, attendance \- , but select, course as hard as a iled road. rd Carrixgton ubiquitous — here and everywhere. Inclined to fancy gowrie for the Derby. j 1 Sonique was going as well as any- : when he fell; but, although he ' 1 ..." 1 1 ; have finished second, I doubt very 1 : n- whether he would have been able, ; : any circumstances, to beat Caloola . ; -I .e weights. | Tee whole day's racing was singularly j J.. .-lid of anything approaching the sen- ' >-' onal. The ring generally had a ' re.-ribie time of it, as every winner was I I fc-'ked, but for a Derby Day things ; Kc. i quieter than I ever remember on. a j y ; ions occasion. j .'.eno— a good-looking son of Golds- : liro-igh out of Avalanche — won the mile ! -a.-> very easily, and landed a big stake ! for his party, who hail from Maitiand. Z' lo is, I believe, the property of a . :her in that town, and poor Donald "i iolson is credited with having stated 'j.-: he was the best horse he ever threw I . -.-g across. i On the strength of the form shown in ' ' two previous races by the blue and viuite representatives, Monte Christo had a big following of backers for the Epsom Handicap, but the stable did not fancy his chance, and refrained from backing the big colt, who got away badly, and was never dangerous right through the race. Lobd William, a slashing chesnut by Grand Flaneur out of Bohemian's dam, finished so strongly in the Spring Stakes that inquiries were at once made as to his Metropolitan price. Crossfire and Tren ton each pulled up dead-lame, or the result would probably have been different. The former, however, threw off her sore ness on Tuesday, but after the Oaks went lame again. Only two horses — Meteor and Indus try — were backed for the Welter Handi cap, and they finished second and first. Barring his breakdown, I think Meteor would have just about won. A good deal of uncertainty prevails as to where the injury really fies. It is very gene rally stated that the big muscle of his shoulder is strained, but I incline to the opinion that the foot is affected. With something like 3st. more in the saddle Caloola won the Hurdle Race even more easily than he did last year, with only 9st, 51b. up. What a luxury his party must have had last Spring i The result was never in doubt on Satur day last, as the son of Gemma di Yergy, despite his big impost, was kept well in the front rank ail the way, and won, hard held, as he liked. His owner took £1000 to £500 about him in one pop. Neophyte, the winner of the Trial Stakes, is a very handsome brown filly by Chester, and I am inclined to think that she will be heard of again. Bravo was looked upon as a real good thing for this race, but on the numbers going up. the up-conntrv horse was missing from the list, Thc\Yreckka good-looking son of Robinson Crusoe, was dished up very warm at evens, but both Neophyte and Fernandez beat him at the finish. Tee Victorian horse Kitawa was backed by his party at 8's to 1, hut the pace was too hot for him from the start, and I fear that he is overrated ; anyhow, 7et 101b. it just 101b. too much for him. " Our only hope now is My Lord and the Melbourne colts," remarked one of the leading Sydney fielders, somewhat woefully, as Trident sailed home. The layers to a man were heavily hit over the race, more particularly as concerns the future, as Trident has been heavily backed for the V.B.C. Derby, and his presence in that race is bound to paralyse specu lation. My Lord may be the best of Mr. Long's lot — and he will need to be to have even a ghost of a chance of extend ing Trident, whose forte is evidently staying. Tee Derby, as I have stated in another column, was really nothing more nor less than a procession. Acme cut out the running at high-pressure pace, and Hales — contrary to his usual tactics— ran second, a couple of lengths in advance of Blairgowrie, all the way to the turn, where he allowed Blairgowrie to make his run, and creep up to him. It was here evident to everyone who had their glasses up that Hales was simply playing with his field, and the moment he slackened the short hold he had of his horse's head the gallant ches nut bounded awav from Blairgowrie and Kingfish, who finished all out eight lengths off. Knowing apparently that he bad a brilliant stayer underneath him, Hales wisely kept well behind Acme in front of the others all the way, and really had his field beaten before the home turn was reached. 