BY T. MALCOLM WATSON. I had written a novel which, I may say wihout affectation, had been received, alike by the public and the press, with marked favour. Possibly the generous reception extended to it may, in some measure, have been the result of my own frankness in at once acknowledging the source from which 13Kiel drawn my inspi ration. Nevertheless, I am, I think, jus tified in saying that the book owed its success less to the intricacy of it3 plot than to the adroit manner in which the incidents were handled, and, above all, to the subtle analysis of a mind gifted beyond the common. The volume has been so recently in the hands of renders, and by them so fully discussed, that I feel a not unnatural diffidence in referring to it here in any thing like detail. If there is one thing I dislike more than another, it is the thrust ing of my own personality before the public. But, unfortunately, I have no option in the present instance ; I have given a solemn pledge under circumstances of peculiar gravity, and the responsibility restingon me until that pledge is redeemed cannot readily be over-estimated. I hav.e : -unwittingly, it is true-perpetrated a serious wrong against a fellow- creature, and the only method open to me of un doing the evil thus wrought is to make my recantation no less public than the error which renders it necessary. Although, therefore, I do not feel called upon to enter with any degree of minute ness into the particulars of my story-a task particularly distasteful to one of my modest disposition-I am forced to call to the reader's memory one or two of the leading events set forth in its pages. It will be remembered that in the preface I at once, as I have said, disharmcd hostile criticism on the score of originality by can didly daclaring the basis of my tale to be the account of a certain trial for murder, which I had unearthed from an old news paper. It would, however, be unfair to my own share in the work did I not add that the details there given were of the most meagre kind-a veritable skeleton in fact from which not only every vestige of flesh had long since disappeared, but which, during these years of sepulture, had lost a goodly number of its original bones ; and among these many of its most important. To mo, then, fell the task of j rehabilitating this time-worn structure-of j clothing it again, so to speak, with its former wrappings-and of imparting to it such vitality as might prove acceptable to the public of tlio present day. The newspaper report to which I have alluded was short and to many might seem prosaic. It told in concise language how a certain Benjamin North had been tried and convicted of the murder of his wife, Hypatia, which crime no doubt, although the fact remained unrecorded, he in due course expiated on the scaffold. The evidence went to show that for many years previous to their marriage the union of these two had been looked upon as probable, and that only a.series of malign influences had prevented the consum mation of their, hopes at an earlier period. Their happinessy'however, was fated to be of brief duration. Shortly after the wedding, Hypatia-no longer, be it said, in the first bloom of her youth-developed symptoms of ill-health. The circumstance did not pass unobserved .by her husband, in whose favour it was urged at the trial that iio> one could have displayed greater patience or devotion. Tho haunts of her earlier days were forsaken, and old friends saw almost nothing of their former com rade. On the rare occasion which found him absent from his wife's side it was ap parent, moroyer, that he had changed greatly. His manner was more serious and at times even depressed. A certain gloom had settled upon his face, and his very gait betrayed a mind anxious and harassed. - The sudden death of his wife followed soon after. Of its cause there never was the slightest doubt: a day or two pre viously North had purchased a quantity of arsenic with the ostensible purpose of giving it to his horses to improve the ap pearance of their coats. It was clearly proved, and indeed was never denied, that his wife's death had resulted from a dose of this very poison. The defence appears to have been con ducted on the most primitive lines. A plea certainly was advanced that the woman had, either by accident or design, taken the arsenic herself j but as no evi dence was adduced in support of the as sertion, the man's case quickly fell to the ground. Nor, from what I could gather, did the result cause him either surprise or uneasiness. Like the Greeks of old, he seemed to see in his approaching doom the hand of fate from winch no mortal aid could save him. Such was the framework upon winch I had avowedly built up my story, carry ing candour even so far as to give chapter and verse for my authority. And although it may, at first glance, be thought that the narrative contained little either of an extraordinary or sensational nature, to me there was much both keenly pathetic and dramatic in it. I conjured up the early struggles of these loving hearts - the long, slow yeara of waiting until their hopes at last should be crowned with fruition. . In Hypatia I re cognised a woman of a trusfing and loyal disposition ; in North a man of lofty, if somewhat self- contained, character. And towards these two, just as the cup of happiness was raised to their lips, the hand of death was seen to stretch forth, and the inevitable end to approach. That North was convinced of his wife's near dissolution I had no doubt, and that he felt the coming separation even more acutely than herself was no less clear to me. And so he had taken his determina tion. If they might no longer live to gether, death at least should not part them. Imbued with thiB resolve, he had purchased the poison, intending to make away with both his wife and himself. But, after administering her portion, his nerve had failed him ; and before he could summon up courage sufficient to complete his purpose, justice was on his track. Nevertheless, when his fate came, he met it calmly and heroically, conscious that if he had sinned in act he was at least innocent in intention. The character of the man had grown upon me with wonderful vividness, and I had taken the greatest pains to portray the motives by which he had been animated. The success of the book may be accepted as some indication that my efforts were not wholly in vain. Some few weeks after its publication I was sitting one evening alone in my study. It was close upon midnight, and I had already been writing for several hours, as it waa necessary the work I had in hand should bo finished by a specified time, and 1 was anxious to keep faith. Jusb at that moment I found myself brought to a stop by the want of certain data, which I re membered were to be found in one of my reference-books. Being desirous to com plete the article before retiring for the night, I accordingly laid aside my pen, and proceeded downstairs in pursuit of the volume in question. A few minutes' search sufficed to pro vide me with what I required, and, taking the book in my hand, I returned once more to my work. Entering the room hastily, it was not until I reached my place at the table that I noticed the chair opposite to me to be occupied. I must confess to considerable surprise and even some little alarm at the appari tion of- a stranger in my house. With the exception of the servants Hive alone, and certainly I had no recollection of having invited anyone of this gentleman's appear ance to call on me at so unseemly an hour as midnight. Besides, how had. he con trived to enter without making himself heard ? ""Good evening, sir," lie said wifch a strong provincial accent, as I took .my seat. "Good evening," I replied, not very cordially, perhaps ; but under the circum stances an absence of. warmth might be excused. "Ifear, however," I continued, " I have not the advantage of knowing whom I am addressing." As I spoke I made a hasty survey of the stranger in the hope of recalling the occasion on which we had met before. But my efforts were in vain. His features . seemed wholly unknown to me. These, it may be observed, were suffi ciently remarkable to leave a lasting im pression upon a memory less retentive than my own. But what struck me most forcibly in this first examination was the old-fashioned air of the man ; an impres sion, by the way, considerably heightened by his style of costume,, which appeared to be modelled upon a pattern fashionable in the years of this century, but curiously out of keeping with the present-day fur niture of my room. The.other points in particular attracted my attention : the first, that he was a very small man-so small, indeed, that as he sat on a not in ordinately high chair, his feet did not even touch the ground, but hung sus pended in mid-air, oscillating backwards and forwards like a pair of pendulums ; the other, that his face was exceedingly red and chubby. There was, moreover, a good-natured twinkle about his eyes which immediately suggested to the observer a power of appreciating a joke, if not of too subtle an order, quite equal; to the average. Although I myself was unconscious of having given utterance to anything par ticularly humorous, lie seemed to draw from my reply a considerable fund of amusement, for it sob him laughing some what boisterously. "And yet," he an swered, "there's nobody living knows or thinks he knows-more about me and \- my doings than yourself." "You must be labouring under some mistake," I rejoined gravely. "Unless my memory greatly deceives me, we have never niefj before to-night, so that it is impossible I should be acquainted with your history." "That's precisely what I have come to complain about,": said the little -man, turning a shade redder, and with a touch of irritation in .his voice ; " you admit you have never seen me before- know nothing of my thoughts, actions, manners, or tastes, and yet, forsooth, you coolly con stitute yourself my biographer!" " Your-your--what ?" I queried. " My biographer," replied the stranger. " My name, sir, is North-Benjamin North-and I've taken some little trouble, let me tell you, to come here to- night, that I may have the satisfaction of a per sonal explanation with the gentleman who lias been good enough to write my life.',' I sat back in my chair speechless, over come with the variety of emotions which crowded. upon me. But ,wliat, perhaps, oppressed me more than .any, was the thought that I had been basely tricked and deceived. Tish Benjamin North red-faced, commonplace, fat little person, theprotobypeof that high- souledandgentle man whose career I had traced with so loving a hand ? It was impossible ; or, if it were indeed true, then I had been deeply wronged : robbed of what is dearest to the writer's heart-a noble ideal. " I thought I should surprise you," he resumed, " and I'm glad to find that you have at least the grace to be silent. But d on' suppose I've come all the way from the other world simply to taunt you. No, sir, in so acting I had a definite object in view-an object, moreover, I intend shall be accomplished before I return." He paused for a moment, .whether from ex citement or want of breath I was unable to determine, but quickly continued in an impressive tone, contrasting ludicrously with his appearance, " You, sir, have done me a serious injury." As he said these words I felt inclined to break into a hysterical laugh at the absurdity of the accusation, but with a strong effort I controlled myself. " I do not," I observed, quite understand what grounds you have for complaint." No sooner had I spoken than I would have given much to recall the sentence. The eifcct upon Mr. North was so decided as to cause me serious alarm. His face becaipe purple, and I feared every instant to see him roll off ' his seat in a fit of apoplexy. The horrible thought forced itself upon me: what if I were left with the corpse of a ghost, upon my hands ? Fortunately, however,-1 was spared that' calamity, for, recovering himself, he again addressed me, tliis time almost savagely " ' Grounds for complaint!' he echoed. 'Why, sir, putting aside all question as to facts, regarding which, by the way, you arc about as far wrong as a man can be, where, may I ask, did you find authority for the character you have given me ?" The question certainly nonplused me not a little. "I-I- must allow," I answered, "I drew that from my imagin ation." "'Imagination!' he replied in an accent of the most profound contempt. {Exactly; you novel-writers seem to fancy that the moment you have uttered shibboleth "Imagination" the last word has been said. It never occurred to you, I suppose, to think what my feelings might be on the subject Y " I confess," I returned, somewhat humbly, "I had not given that point the consideration it doubtless deserved. You must remember, however," I added in extenuation, "that you had been dead some seventy years or more. Moreover, I took the precaution of changing your name." " 4 That's good,' retorted the little man, swinging his lega to and fro with addi tional force. Really, you are too conside rate. And such a disguise, too! No body, of course, could possibly recognise Benjamin North under the pseudonym of Benjamin South.' '' The two names are at least as far apart as the poles," I suggested with a vacuous smile, hoping to turn the matter into a humorous channel. " ' Egad ! you've a pretty wit,' he an swered, 'a most excellent ?wit.' Then, waxing ?warmer-' Damme, sir I I've known a man run through the body for a worse joke.' I hastened to express my satisfaction that the quality of mine was not such as to call down upon me a similar fate. But I spoke to regardless eara, for, paying no heed to my interruption, Mr. North again proceeded to the attack: " ' Come, sir, let's have a look at this precious book of yours. You've a copy under your hand, I see. There are one or two passages I'd like to have the pleasure of hearing you repeat aloud. Suppose we begin with page twenty nine !' The consternation visible upon my face at this proposal brought back my interlo cutor to a pleasanter state of things, and a look of marked content settled upon his features as he said, with a grim chuckle, 'It isn't every day an author- has the privilege of declaiming his own pro ductions to so appreciative an audi cnce.' Recognising the futility of resistance, I took up the volume and opened it at the point indicated. As I read, the words seemed to take a new and unnatural meaning, and I could hardly realise that they were the same which, an hour ago had: appeared so full of power and descriptive insight. " ' The laws which regulate Nature and Humanity,' I began, in a hard, spasmodic voice, ' while working towards the same ends, have .each their different methods of attaining results. With the former the thing that is precious is too often hidden beneath a valueless husk ; with the latter seldom or never. So it was in Benjamin South's case. The noble soul within, was adumbrated by the lofty expression of his face ; the unconscious yeanlings of a higher nature were traced upon every line of his features. Tall and meagre, almost to emaciation, his very person indicated a disregard for all sensual pleasures, which, it was manifest, swept past shame stricken and abashed,' leaving him pure and unsullied as the soft white light of the . crescent moon." . ' Ik s a little mixed,' said my listener, with a grin of malignant pleasure, ' but it describes me to the life. And your elocutionary style brings out the points' with such vividness, that you really must allow me to congratulate you upon it. Pray continue, sir, for next to epitaphs on gravestones, it's the most entertain ing reading I have met with for a long time.' ' Unwilling as I felt, there was nothing for it but to do as he requested. ° " He was gifted," I proceeded, " with a mind of singuarly analytical and intros pective type, possessed, too of an un equalled faculty of projecting itself into the future, and of bringing back thence much that would have proved elusive to a nature less liberally endowed, The po ? tentiality of his presence was apparent' -under any circumstances ; it dominated all with whom he came in contact, and mayporhaps be best described by the word electrical. It will not, however, surprise anyone that a mind, so purely subjective in its action should have had its weak point, and it must be admitted that synthetically South's was a compara tive-failure. The creative faculty had been in a great... measure denied to him, and herein he fell short of greatness. But in saying so much l do no more than allow that he was one of. those who only just miss attaining the heights upon which men of the" noblest genius and power of expression have walked and lived."' ' Thank you!' said my guest, whose face during the recital of the preceding had gradually become overcast and troubled. 'I think I won't ask you to go on. It's very fine, no doubt, but I'm afraid I don't quite grasp the meaning. Besides, it makes me sleepy, and I have one or two matters to set right before I leave.' _ I laid aside the book with a sigh of re lief. For the first time in my life I had found the pages dull. Mr. North's next remark surprised me not a little: You're not married of course ?' he said. 'No ' I answered, "'but why ." of course"?' Then he continued, disregarding mv ,uest.on i" bribing ft! rel&Zs; existing between my wife and myself you drew, I presume upon your imagination agoin f {<T Tef I replied with some enthusiasm, 1 pictured to myself the indissoluble union of two souls, bound together by no earthly tie, but merged the one into the hand '' sublime alchemy of a divine " Thank you !" he said drily.4 " When I want extracts I'll refer to the book it self. You certainly have a pretty power ful imagination." I looked down, colourings a little at tho direct compliment. . You hadn t the pleasure of knowing Hippy, I think ?" he aslced. ' "Hippy?"' I repeated interrogatively. J tlie late Mrs. North ?" ce No,^ I replied. he went on in a dreamy, way, You missed a great treat." Then, rousing himself, he leaned forward in his chair, holding the arms firmly so as to prevent himself from falling, and in a hoarse whisper addressed me : "If there ever was a shrew and a termagnat born into this world, it was my wife." The intensity with which the words were spoken bore evidence to their truth. If other proofs had been wanted, it would have been found in the expression of hatred and fear apparent on the speaker's face. To me the shock although painful, was not altogether unexpected. Already one 7 j°? ^?een swept away, and now I could bear with a certain degree of calm ness the loss of the sccond, " My dear sir," I said, " I beg that you will not excite yourself. I think I begin to understand the object of your comhig to-night. Let me assure you that any statement you may desire to make will be not oiJy impartially judged by me but treated as wholly private." " Private !" he interrupted with an angxy wave of the hand. "Egad, sir, the greater the publicity the better I'll be pleased. You don't suppose I came here merely to set myself right with you V' 1 thought it prudent to pass over in w T?T\ . ?r imPlied by his words. it 1 have injured you in any way," I said with chilling courtesy, "I am pre pared to do whatever lies in my power to place the matter upon its right basis," My assurauce appeared .to give Mr. North profound satisfaction. He sat back in his place once more, and after a little preliminary cough began to speak. " That's all I ask for," he said, " and when I've told you the real facts of the case I shall expect you to make them as widely known as the imaginary details contained in that volume." " It's veiy disappointing to you, I ad mit," he went on/ settling down to his story, " bub truth compels me to say that I never was .anything bub a very ordinary happy-go-lucky sorb of a mortal. I don't quite understand what is meant by ' pro jecting oneself into the future,' but in my case the nearest approach to the process, I take it, was when my father threatened to kick me into the middle of next week on account of some youthful escapade. As to the other complimtary things you have been good enough to say of me, I'm sorry to confess they're quite beyond my comprehension. "I was a little bit of a harum-scarum fellow; but I never wanted for friends. And these were/the days, let me tell you, sir, when a map did'nb shrink from his second, or even his third, bottle of wine ; and when the nights were all too short for the fun and frolic Ave sought to crowd into them. Perhaps we weren't so liberally gifted with imagination as the present generation; but, by gp.d,. sir ! we were ready enough to back up our opinions * with solid facts if required. "I was barely thirty when my father died, leaving me a snuggisli bit of pro perty. It didn't represent a fortune of course, but the income yielded by it was sufficient for all wants and a few luxuries over and above. Alas . my seeming good fortune was to prove the cause of niy ruin, for from the day on which Hypatia learned the news of my altered circumstances she made up her mind that I should be her husband. At this point his voice sank to a deep and impressive tone:- . " For ten years she gave me no, peaca; following me from place to place with thfc tenacity of a bloodhound. From the be ginning I knew that there was no hope for me, but I died hard. I racked my brain for excuses. I threw obstacle after obstacle in her way, yet all to no purpose. It was only a question of time, and she knew it. The moment at last came when I could struggle no longer, but found my self forced to yield up my freedom at the altar of our village church. " Then began for me a life of unutter able misexy. The late Mrs. North was a woman of noble j)roportions, while, as you have possibly observed, I am not my-' self a Hercules. When, therefore, as was her wont, she placed her back against the door protesting that I should no longer visit my old haunts and cronies, I could .not but recognise how vain-was the power of prayer to move her from the position. , "I became depressed and moody. All my former buoyancy deserted me; and when by chance I encountered an old acquaintance, I shrank away from his presence out of pure shame. "Two years passed and my wife fell ill. *What the disease was can be of no interest to you, but by the village doctor it was pronounced to be deadly. It was my sad dutjr," continued the speaker with a curiously comic glance at myself, " to communicate to her the terrible intelU-. gence. , _ "The. habit"of obedience had by this time become so engrained in nty nature that I did not,oven dare to take advantage of her helplessness, but remained "con stantly_ at her side. Upon this, indeed, she insisted ; and as her malady did not confine her to bed I acquiesced in her wishes with my usual alacrity. . "As the end drew near she became imbued with a most unjust suspicion that her death would not be unwelcome to mo. I cannot tell you, sir," said the little man with a break in his voice and making believe to wipe away a tear, "howdeeply this delusion pained me. " And now, sir, what do you think the inhuman monster did? You are awaro that I had purchased the arsenic to give to the horses. Impressed by the idea I have mentioned, and determined that I should not be left to rejoice in my new found liberty, she resolved upon poisoning herself, well knowing how fatal to mj'self the consequences must prove. And, being a woman largely gifted with the courage of Iier convictions, she actually did it." Exhausted by the narration of his wrongs, Mr. North paused here. For my own part I hardly knew what to think of . so extraordinary a story. In a moment or two, however, he resumed : " That, sir, is the truth. Now are you convinced of the wrong you have done to ifie 1" "Yes," I admitted; "your version certainly throws a new light upon the in cidents." "Be assured it is the correct one, and | accordingly, sir, I claim the fulfilment of j your promise, and ask that you will clear my character from the tissue of falsehood -don't be offended, sir, for it is a tissue of falsehood-with which your imagination ha3 interwoven it." " You mean," I answered somewhat re* luctantly, "that I shall place before the public the particulars you have just com municated i" "Exactly." .. I sighed as I thought of my lost ideal ; butl had pledged my word; "As you will," I replied. "I promise." " Good !" ho rejoined. Then suddenly changing the subject, " By the way, have you ever noticed the peculiar conforma tion of that bust over your head 1" "No," I answered, looking in the direction: indicated I do'ici't know that I have. Perhaps," I suggested, turning again towards him, "it is the effect of " I stopped. The chair before mo was empty. 