Terror of Hannted Locomotives. Locomotive engineers are almost, if not alto gether, as superstitions in regard to hannted looomotiveB as sailors are in regard to haunted ships, says the Tribune. About ten years ago tho engine Matt Morgan blew np while Btand ing on the traak of the Shore Lino road near tVift nfftltnn in PrntMcnno Tl. T. trillinn f.ti0 engineer. : The engine was' subsequently ro- ' built and put on the road. On the first trip that she made after being rebuilt sho went tearing into Providencbin tho night with tho' train swinging behind, and the sleeping town echoing to the abrill whistle. On approach ing the station the enginoer leaned forward to shut off steam, but to his horror a ghostly form appeared at his side, and a ghostly hand grasped his wrist and held him fa&t.; When the station was reached the ghost dis appeared, and the onginccr stopped the train some distance boyond. At least, this is what the engineer tells. Many people have not forgotten the terrible Biohmond switch disaster, Beveral years ago, on the Providence and Stohington road. A little brook becamo swollen by the rain, and carried away a rail-road bridge. The train came rushing along that night, and was hurled in the ohasm. GileB, . the engineer, when he saw the danger ahead, instead of leaping from the engino as the fireman did, grasped the lever and reversed the engine. But it was too late. Tho train was going at such a speed that the locomotivo leaped dear aorosB the stream, and theyiound Giles lying nnder his overturned engine, with tho lever driven through bis body and one hand clutoh ing the throttla-valro with thegrasp of death. Giles, when he came into Providenco, was ac customed to givo two peculiar whistles as a signal to his wife, who lived near the railroad where it enters the suburbs of ths oity, that - bewas.all right, and would soon be home. Tho absence of those whistles waB the first in timation which was reoeived at Providenoe o! tbo disaster. When the engine which mjde that terrible Ioap on that stormy night, was rebuilt and ' put on the road again, there.was at first great trouble in getting engineers for it, with snolf superstitious horror was it regarded. To-day there aro peoplo ready to swearthat they have heard whistles, such as Giles used to blow as signals to his wife, sound through the suburbs ot Prdvidonco, whan no train. was ooming up tho road. ; T(ioi,y there is something in tho onrufi?ed palm of nature that overawes our littlr^n xieties and doubts ; the sight of tho deepolue sky and tho clustering Etars abovo seem tp ua. part a quiet to the mud. ^ ' 