The Brisbane Courier. WEDNESDAY, JUNE 2, 1886. The plan of Mr Griffith's anti-separation campaign has now become very evident. Beginning at Cooktown, where the enthu- siasm for separation is not very great, and going on to Normanton, where the local interests are distinctly opposed to those of Townsville, the Premier apparently hoped to descend on the rear of the Northern con- federacy, carrying with him a wave of Unionist sentiment If these were his ex pectations, they have been disappointed. If the searation movement could be disposed of like a question for discussion in a de- bating club, Mr Griffith and his colleague, Mi Dickson, might claim a success. Many of the aigitments used by the sepaiation leideis vveie «011 answeied, md if it cm be said th it Mi Dicksons ligines would bear a difleient niteipietation to that which he put upon them, the sepaiation agitators on then side achiev e some uua/ing íesults when making up statistical ai guiñents But, is the Noithe>)i Minet ens, "this is poor 1 md of stuff to come fiom Mimsteis of the Ciown Something moie vv is expected fiom Mi Gilfhth-something moio tangible than the f untly urged objections by winch Sir Thomas M'llwraith gave the sepaiation movement Buch imnked impetus It is because of Mi Gnihths legal ti am ing-a training which has accustomed lum to believe that if he could pick i technical flaw m au argument he could esc ipe from the mel its of the case-that he lefnined from going straight to the loot of the matter We quite agiee with linn that the sugar planters and their filends gave their powerful aid to sop nation because they knew that by isolating the white woikruen of the Noith they would have a good chance of overcoming their objection to colouitd labour, and that the main object of the lovvnsville people vv is to obtain the sub stantial advantages which would acciue to the virtual, if not the nominal, capital of tho new colon) These vveie the two main causes of tho mo\ ement, the matches which kindled the flame But if the fuel had not been theie, the fne would not luve been lit Theie is the genuine desne of the Noith, to quote again fiom the Mino, "That instead of Noimanton sending to Brisbane to make a jettv, to mend a school ence, 01 make a lailvvay, the local authority, duly lepiesentative of the distnct, could older the ueces aiy voik to be done, md become liable for its pa) ment "We do not know, as we vnte, whethci thePiemiei or Treasuier intend befoie leaving the Noith to say anything on this point but up to the time of leaching Hughenden they evaded it Mi Gnfhtli claimed that they had done their best to render justice to the North, apparently oblivious to the fact that the more coidially the claim was admitted, the more clear the need for a reform Let us sav that they have done their best and what do we see ? The masses in the Noith accepting, or seeming to accept, the tianspaient sophistries of the plantel paît), because they feel the evils of the ptesent s)stem so strongl) that the) me anxious lo escape fiom it at the risk of encounteiing still greater ev ils in future "We aie quite suie that the masses in the North are making a mistake m urging sepai ation We can see no reasou for sup posing th it Northern Queensland, separated from the rest of Australia, vv ill be able to resist m the long run the tendency of all ti opical settlements, and ce ise to be a home foi white labouring men Hie working men of the North could safe!) concede colouied labour to tropic.il agncultunsts, without luniimg the risk of spoiling then market so long «tbt Noith remained un divided , beciuse ilthough a comparativti) small section of the commuuity in the tropics, they would remain in political alhmco with the large homogeneous populition of the South It is safei to make concessions when j ou aie strong than when )ou are weak, and the concessions which would have to bt ni ide in a sepaiate Northern colony would L only place employers of all sorts in a post tion to make further demands for cheap, disciplined, and reliable coloured workmen ; which the isolated white labouring com- munity would be unable to resist. But though these reflections must occur to manj' of the more intelligent workmen of the North, tiley do not check the movement. The obvious conclusion is that the smart of over-centralised administration, the constant irritation caused by official delays in far dis- tant departments, has overborne the consciousness of political danger. That this effort has not been produced in the Gulf country is due to the fact that people there dread-and dread very justly-the hostile influence of Townsville which would certainly be exerted in a Northern Parlia- ment to prevent the construction of a Normanton railway, at least for some years to come. What, then, is the obvious course to pursue if separation is to be avoided 1 Remove the pressing grievance which makes so many Northern residents deliberately choose to incur a great future social risk, in order to remove an intolerable present evil. The real disease of the North is over centralisation, the real remedy is to be found in decentralisation. There are some fevers in which the patient sutlers from delusions, imagines that he is haunted by apparitions,and craves relief from their presence. What should we say of the physician who in such cases con- fined his efforts to attempting to persuade the sick man that he was the victim of his imagination, and neglected to attack the disorder which was the cause of the symp- tom ? Yet that is really what Mr. Griffith has been doing. It was perhaps easier to expose the delusions fostered by the separa- tion leaders than lo attempt the cure of the North ; but the exposure will not check separation. Mr. Rutledge, wc notice, was struck with the beauty of the remedy which has been proposed, but he did not venture to approve of it. It was perhnps too much to expect of a politician who seems to imagine that his highest public duty is to obey someone-the majority of his cousti tuentsor thePremier-thatheshould venture to pronounce decidedly in favour of any line of policy. But we hope before Mr. Griffith's "campaign" has ended that we shall hear of his addressing himself to the root of the Northern movement. And we hope more particularly that we shall hear no more of such pernicious nonsense as the threathe is reported to have used at Cloncurry of adopting retaliatory measures against the Northern sugar- planters in the event of separation being accomplished. THE judgment just delivered by Mr. Justice Harding in the case of the Booroo dabin Divisional Board v. The Corporation of Brisbane seems, we think, lo show the necessity for legislation on the subject of water and drainage rights in this colon}'. It is easy to understand that a law which has gradually grown up in England during the last eight hundred years may be no more applicable now that it has been fully deve- loped toanew country like Queensland than it would have been to England eight hundred years ago. There the law has been gradually moulded to the circumstances of the country as it grew. Here it is proposed to enforce in a new, unimproved, and undeveloped country that law which has been adapted to the circumstances of an old and fully im- proved one. One of the contentions of the Booroodabin Board was that although the natural water- courses of Fortitude Valley undoubtedly run through the Booroodabin Division, yet that the Corporation of Brisbane had no right to improve them so as to make the drainage more rapid and complete than it naturally was. Undrained swamps might, it is true, slowly drain by a natural process into Booroodabin, but the longer the process of drainage the greater the evaporation from those swamps would be, and consequently less water would pass from them into Boo- roodabin than if the water was artificially prevented from lodging iu them at all, and at once carried away. And the same with the natural gullies. By straighten- ing their course and paving their beds soakage and evaporation were diminished, and a greater quantity of fluid reached the lower levels than if it had been permitted to stagnate and evaporate as it would in the natural beds of the watercourses. And Judge Harding's decision was that this claim was well founded. There was no assertion that the works of the corporation had increased the area of the land that drains into Booroodabin. In fact it was admitted that the drainage of a large area of land which naturally went into that division had been diverted from it at Petrie's Bight and Bowen Park, and it was not attempted to show that, bj giving an easier and more rapid escape of water from the area, which did drain into it, any property had been flooded or otherwise damaged, and, there- fore, no damages were given to the plaintiff in this action. But, if we understand the judgment aright, the Judge decided that the right of the owner of the dominant tenement over the servient tenement is simply restricted to hav ing|the natural condition of thingsmaintained unaltered. The Corporation of Brisbane cannot be compelled to divert all the natural watercourses of Fortitude Valley and take them round Booroodabin, but they must not attempt to improve them, since by doing so they would cause the water to run off' more quickly, and drain the ground more thoroughly, and, by doing so, would pour into Booroodabin more water than it would get if the watercourses were left in their natural state. To us it seems, however, that this decision to a certain extent reverses the position of the dominant and servient tene- ments. Booroodabin say3 to Brisbane be- cause I hold the lower ends of your water- courses you must be restrained from drain- ing your city. We do not think that this theory has ever been established before. Of course any proprietor or corporation may be restrained by law from pouring noxiouä matter into a watercourse to the injury of those below, but the claim that the upper proprietor should be restrained by the lower one from draining his property into the natural watercourse we have never seen advanced. Judge Harding, however, seemed to go further than this, and to imply that the right of drainage was restricted, at all events, to the number of people who lived upon the watershed when the Booroodabin Board came into existence. If he did not, we do not know what he meant bj' alluding to the in- crease of the population of Brisbane as affecting the rights of the dominant tene- ment in this case. If one tenement or one estate has an casement over another as by a right of way, or a right of watercourse, the easement is aníioxed to the iand, and J not to the individuals who may live on it, and in this case if the increasing population of Brisbane made the enjoyment of the natural privilege of using the watercourses a nuisance to the people of Booroodabin, the remedy, we think, could have been more properly applied by legislation than by a decision which in reality reverses the posi- tion of the dominant and servient tene- ments. Legislation títere must certainly be upon this subject, and probably his Honour's in- tention in suspending the issue of an in- junction against the Corporation of Brisbane for four months was to afford time for Parliament to deal with the case. It has often struck us before this that the English law with regard to water rights was very inapplicable to the circumstances of this colony, and certain to lead to litigation and a great deal of it-before many years are over. In Victoria and New South Wales, during the late drought, there were several instances in which private dams on watercourses were cut, and litigation with respect of the owner's right to erect and maintain them threatened, and at the pre- sent time no one can venture to say posi- tively whether an owner or leaseholder has a right to dam a watercourse passing through his holding in order to savo water for his stock. Hitherto this question has not received much attention, because the grazing lands were held in im- mense areas, and comparatively little was done in the way of damming creeks and rivers ; but now the drought will compel stock owners in future to do much more in the way of conserving water than they have done, whilst at the same time the introduc- tion of a system of stock raising on com- paratively small grazing farms will have the same effect. Now, if we suppose six grazing farms to be occupied on a small creek some twenty miles in length, which is not naturally per- manently watered, the question of the right of the different holders to dam this creek may, it is plain, give rise to any amount of litigation. If the highest holder dam the creek, and a thunderstorm falling on its head fills the dam, but does not fill it to overflowing, so as to replenish the dams of the lower holders, would they be justified in cutting his dam, or could they recover damages from him for obstructing the watercourse and preventing the water from flowing down to them ? This is a question which we may be sure will be raised and practically tested if we have another drought at a time when the grazing farms now about to be thrown open in the Mara- noa, the Warrego, and Mitchell districts are occupied, unless it is previously settled by legislation. And, in fact, the uncertainty of the law on this point will be a serious hindrance to successful grazing on a small scale if it is not at once remedied. We hope, therefore, that Mr. Griffith will take this subject in hand generallj'. Wo have no doubt that he will find it necessary, after the decision in this Booroodabin case, to bring in a bill to annul the present law so far as to prevent the owner of the lowerpart of a watercourse from obstructing the proper drainage of its head, but he should, we think, at the same time define the rights of landholders with respect to impounding waterilowing through or past their property by damming creeks and gullies. If this is not done we feel satis- fied that an enormous amount of litigation will be the result of the present uncertainty of the law. WIIEK the Estimates for 1885-80 were framed the sum of ¿100,000 was put down as the probable proceeds of the sale of land at auction. The amount which had been received in 1883-84 from this source was ¿70,261, and in 188-1-85 ¿43,139. It seems, therefore, that the Government which had just passed a Land Act to prevent country lands from falling into the hands of hungry syndicators were not averse to town and suburban lots being gobbled up bjr them to au almost unlimited extent. This was the more remarkable-or, perhaps, we should saj' it would have been if Mr. Dutton had shown more consistency in his short political career-because of the many public utte- rances of the Minister for Lands in respect to the necessity for the Crown lands being retained by the State. But though the Government have shown a decided disposi- tion to prevent squatters from becoming large freeholders, the manner in which allotments havo been offered to the public at almost every town in the colony can onlj' be de- scribed as reckless. It seemed as if Ministers had been attacked by the speculative fever which induced syndicates to purchase large blocks, cut them up into little plots large enough only for a fowlyard, and hurry them into the market. But while the private speculator had in view the prospect of getting an immediate and extraordinary profit, the object of the Government was to compensate to some extent for the loss of income that bad resulted from the land policy they had trumpeted forth with so much exultation only a short time before. But it seems as if purchasers were fully supplied, and are not disposed to help the Treasurer much more. They have been buying up allotments in fa- vourable positions, and. in places the names of which have an unfamiliar sound, for some of them are townships whose existence is scarcely known outside the Survey Office ; and now they refuse town bts at Coochiemudlo and at Tingalpa, while suburban sites of great beauty at Yeppoon and Stanwell are also allowed to pass the hammer without a single bid. Where is this sort of thing 'to land the country if it continues ? For there is no hope that rents from runs and selections will for a long time bring in as much as bas been lost bj' the repeal of the old Acts and the passing of the new. Will the Treasurer in his ex- tremity have to resort to the issue of Treasury bills, as was suggested in one of his speeches not so very long ago ; or will the Government be forced to admit what has all along been insisted upon by their opponents - that the Land Act of 1884 is not going to quadruple the land revenue and provide the money for paying the interest on the £10,000,000 loan.butthat, on-the other hand, as a revenue Act it has turned out an ex- ceptional and extraordinarj' failure ? It would be hard to be compelled to make such an admission, and we fancy rather than do that, thej' would go out of office, complaining that it was the clerk of the weather alone who was to blame for the non-fulfilment of those great expectations with which their advent to power was so closely associated. IT is not often that the proceedings of a court of law are provocative of humour. And j-et gleams of pleasantrj' occasionally fhish from ¡the genial Chief J ustice, caustic sarcasm from the urbane Mr.Justice Hard- ing, or scintillations of playful fancj- from the courtly Mr. Justice Mein. The Bar is arid -very arid-the lucubrations of its members ungraced by a spark of wit, not even by the ghost of the soul of wit, which Polonia described as brevity. Too citen attendants in our forum have to be content with' the tedionsness which is " The limbs and out ward flourishes of wit." It happens" however, on rare occasions that au' extremely humorous saying drops from a forensic orator, though the speaker is all unwitting of the gem. Stich occurred yesterday during a debate in the Supreme Court in the case of Halcrovv v:. Fletcher. Into the merits of this litigious duel it is not our purpose to enter Suffice it that the custom of ignorant anti stupid persons signing blank transfers to facilitate the sale of land was referred to and the learned Judge condemned the' practice as a most improper proceeding This gave occasion, not to the enemy to blaspheme, but to a bright ornament of the junior Bar. to shine as an unconscious humorist. Interjected Mr, Lilley, with a truly pathetic readiness :-" The fault is with the (Real Property) Act sim- plifying the transfer of land so greatly. Everybody can be his own lawyer." The near approach of such a consumma- tion seemed to excito his fear that Cicero's occupation would be gone. Or in lamb- like innocence did lie wish to translate into euphemistic language the terse old proverb that "The man who is his own lawyer has a fool for his client," and thus warn self enlightened amateur conveyancers of the dangers to which they expose themselves 1 Or was he merely ironical and desired to covertly convey his incredulity'that our sapient legislators could do anything to simplify the law so as to render it compre- hensible to and by the common people? Whatever was the real state of mind of the budding Solon, the humour of the situation was not the less real. It is so. characteristic of all lawyers to start bac"\ affrighted at the bare proposal to simplify law, or at the idea of everybody being his own lawyer, that the querulous though unconsciously humorous plaint may be forgiven. The Beal Property Act con- stitutes one of our short, useful, practical re- forms, inasmuch as it enables us to transfer property in land with the ease and almost with the inexpensiveness of, say, property in a wig and gown. Contrast our procedure with that in England, where an exchange of hard cash for even a diminutive allotment can only be accomplished by endless forms, couched, as Mr. Bright once said in a jargon which the greatest master of English litera- ture could not understand, much irritation, great expense, and after all no absolute guarantee of title. It is all very well for lawyers to wail over the loss of possible fees on account of the law having been made so easy that their costly counsels are unsought, but the gain is to the general community, and the efforts of common-sense laymen ought to be directed to a reform and codification of the whole body of the law, by which all and sundry, whether versed in the mysteries of legal formula} or not, may grasp readily and easily the scope of their rights and duties. THE Civil Sittings of tbo Supremo Court were concluded yesterday, before Mr. Justice Harding, The action Halcrow v. Fletcher, which was partly heard on tho previous day, was concluded, judgment being for the plaintiff on the second paragraph of tho prayer, in which an account was asked for, although the allega- tion of fraud was not sustained. The decree was for the transfer of the property concerned to stand as a mortgage ; and the account, when taken in court, involved the payment of £2 19s. Id. from the defendant to the plaintiff. No damages were awarded, but the defendant was ordered to pay all costs. THE following telegram was received by tho Colonial Secretary yesterday morning, from Mr. Smith, Acting Colonial Secretary of Western Australia, communicated by direction of Sir Frederick Broome, Governor of that colony, for the information of the Queensland Govern- ment :-" A goldfield has been proclaimed in the Kimberley, and wo bave every reason to believe that it will be extensive. About 2000oz. of gold havo already been obtained at Mount Barrett, which is near the centro of the field. The distance from Derby is about 350 miles, and from Wyndham about 300 miles. The ormer is at present the better route. There are indications of gold 150 miles from Derby. Drays can travel without great difficulty for about 300 miles, and pack-horses have to be used for the remainder of the journey. So far as has been gathered up to the present there are not a largo number of miners at the diggings, but more than 1000 men aro stated to be on their way there. It is most essential, iu order to avoid hardship and risk, that parties proposing to go to the diggings should be well equipped with drays, horses, and tents, and should take provisions for several months. Nothing can at present be obtained except at Derby and Wyndham, and all parties going to the cow field are recommended to bring their own supplies of drays and horses. The Western Australian Government are awaiting a report from the police party who left Derby for the goldfield on the 10th May. A. warden has been appointed, and he will pro- ceed shortly with an escort to the goldfield. Various works aro being undertaken at Derby to facilitate the passage of vessels to Port Derby, and the landing and storing of goods. The passage from Point to Port Derby is being properly buoyed. The jetty is being added to a tramway constructed from the jetty to the town of Derby, and a large bonded store is being erected. An engineer has been sent to Derby to superintend these works, and to ex- pedite matters as far as possible. An addi- tional forco of workmen, too, is being despatched there. The town site of Wyndham, at Cambridge Gulf, has been selected. The harbour there is excellent. A Government Resident and police party aro established at Wyndham, and a surveyor is also at work in the district. At present from what wo can learn it would bo easier for all parties travel- ling to the goldfield to go to Derby." BY direction of the Colonial Secretary work at the buildings in course of erection on the old gaol reserve was yesterday morning stopped, in accordance with the promise made by Mr. Moreton to a deputation. The build- ings consist of an armoury, store, tailors' quarters and workshops, and temporary stables for the use of the officers of the Defence Force. Thcso stables aro intended ultimately to be used as gunsheds, as it is expected that the police stables will bo secured for the horses belonging to the Defence Force. INFORMATION has been received in Brisbane that John James M'Corkill, who was arrested hero in Decembsr last for fraudulent bank- ruptcy, at Armagh, Ireland, and remanded to that place, has arrived at his destination ia charge of Sergeant Maxwell, of Ulster, and has been committed for trial. It is said that tho sergeant, in taking his man from Sydney to Ireland, in the steamer Tasmania, had a difficult task, and nearly lost his life from an attack of fever. The case against the accused was a long and intricate one, some twenty witnesses being examined. A large quantity of the bankruptcy stock with which tho accused had absconded has been recovered. THE tender of the A.S.N. Company for the supply of 3000 tons of coal for the Central Railway bas been accepted. The successful tenderers undertake to supply the required quantity of Queensland coal at 20s. 8d. per ton. A. WELL attended devotional meeting was lield last night in tho Vulture-street Baptist Church, with the object of offering special thanksgiving for tho safety of the Rev. Wm. Poole, tho pastor of the church, who was one of the survivors of tho wreck of tho Ly-ee Moon, and also with a view of sustaining the interest in connection with tho mission services about to be conducted by the Rev. Mr. Kerry. Tho Eev. Wm. Higlett, president of the Baptist Association of Queensland, presided at tho opening portion of the proceedings, but ho being unable to remain to the close, Mr. Georgs Grimes eventually took the chair. There were also present the Reva. J. Kings- ford and E. Moore, and Mr. M'Phcrson, tho Baptist city missionary. Prayers were offered expressive of gratitudo for tho preservation of the life of the pastor of the church, and interceding for Divine comfort and graco to be bestowed upon 'those who havo suffered tho loss of relativos and friends by the disaster. The mission services about to be held were also made tho subject of prayer, The Kev. J. Kingsford gavo a short address concerning the Zenana mission, in the course of which he made a special appeal to the ladies for their sympathy and practical assistance in order that the work of propagating the gospel amongst the women of India may continuo to bo successfully carried on. Several appropriate hymns were sung at intervals during tho ser Tice. The Rev. E. Mooro having pronounced the benediction tho service closed. A SPECIAL parade of the Brisbane Volunteer Rifle Corpa was held last night at tho .Boundary-street drill-shed. Captain Thynne was in command, supported by Lieutenants Cahill and Jones. The parade mustered 100 strong. After the inspection, the corps marched out, headed by its fife and drum band, to Wickham-terrace, returning by way of Queen-street. Before dismissing the men, Captain Thynne reminded them that an in- spection parade would be held on the 26th instant, tho same day as the usual quarterly Defence Force parade, and it would bo neces- sary to attend it in order to obtain qualification for efficiency. He was glad -to seo so good a muster. It was like the attendances of some months ago, and ho hoped that, now the cool weather had returned, the interest would continue. With regard to a notice which had been issued, stating that he intended to inflict a fine for non-attendance at this parade, he wished to state that it was a mistake on the part of those issuing the regulation. The matter had vexed him, becauso he was opposed, for his own part, to the system of fines, and would never inflict them. Ho further reminded them that the annual meeting of the corps would bo held in the School of Arts on the 25th instant. TIIE usual weekly meeting of the Young Men's Christian Association Debating Society was held last night in their lecture hall, Queen-street. Mr. T. Logan occupied tho chair. The proposition for debate waa, "That the State should make Life Assurance Com- pulsory." Mr. W. J. Costin opened on tho affirmativo side of the question. Mr. W. Jones opposed. Ho said there were better invest- ments, some of which wero in land, building societies, and business. Life Assurance might be a good thing, but for tho Stato to enforce it was despotic, and contrary to our constitution ; it would unduly interfere with the liberty of the subject, which was dear to tho British people, &c.; The discussion was well main- tained. There were four speakers for and five against the proposition, which, upon being put to the meeting, waa negatived by sixteen votea to five, Thcro was a good attendance, and a fair number of ladies. Next week Mr. J. B. Crowther will read an essay on " Character." All aro cordially invited. DECISIÓN in the case of Court v. Maher, for the alleged larceny of the racehorse Darkness, was given by Mr. Pinnock in the Police Court yesterday afternoon. Mr. Drake, instructed by Mr. A. J. Thynne, appeared for the com- plainant, and Mr. Winter for the accused. The case was previously completed, and was ad- journed in order that the counsel for the pro- secution might advance reasons to establish a prima, facie case. Mr. Pinnock gave his reason for adopting this course. Ho reviewed the evidence, and pointed out that the partner- ship agreement and the manner in which the borso had been taken showed that there was no felonious intention. The rug and bridlo were returned by the accused ; in fact, every- thing pointed to an absence of felonious intent. Mr. Drake, in reply, presumed that the counsel for the defence wished to establish a plea of bona fide claim of right. Mr. Pinnock assented. Mr. Drake submitted that that was rebutted by the way in which the horse was taken by Maher, who should have demanded the horse, and not taken it slyly, as was done. Aa to half the winnings of Darkness claimed by Maher, Mr. Drake reminded the bench that the earnings had been swallowed up by ex- penses. He further submitted that this ques- tion of bona fide claim cf right was one to be decided by a jury. The plaintiff had advanced money to the accused and held the horse as security, therefore the former waa entitled to possession as a bailee. Under the circum- stances, the manner in which Maher took tho horse could not be regarded as an innocent action. Mr. Winter, in reply, quoted authori- ties to show that whero a person had a feasible ground for belief that ho owned a property, and appropriated it upon that belief, he could not be deemed guilty of a ?felonious offence. Mr. Pinnock considered for awhile, and eventually agreed with Mr. Drake. The question was one for a jury to decide. The accused was accordingly committed for trial at the next sittings of the District Court, bail being allowed. MR. D. D. ARNOLD and Mr. William Webb, of Lytton, together with a black boy, were out in a' boat in Moreton Bay last Tuesday week, ?fishing, at a point about 200 yards outside the red beacon, off St. Helena, fully three-quarters of a mile from St. Helena, in seventeen fathoms of water. They had anchored the "boat and been engaged fishing for some long time, when they observed a flag ¡flying on the watch tower of St. Helena, and simultaneously a rifle bullet ?whizzed just over their heads. They hauled up fishing lines and anchor in double-quick time, but not before another shot had been "fired at them, and as they were rowing away two more shots were fired at them, one pass- ing over their heads in unpleasant proximity thereto, and one striking the water a few feet ?astern of the boat. Needless to say Messrs. Arnold and Webb received a great fright, ?and are at a loss to account for such a proceed- ing, considering that they were in the channel used by trading vessels, and BO far off St. Helena. This is certainly a matter for inquiry. lu regard to the sudden death of the man James Peddler, while on the road from Tingalpa to Brisbane, on Monday last, the result of the postmortem examination shows that the deceased died from peritonitis. The police will not hold further inquiry into the matter "the medical certificate being considered suffi, cient. No rain has fallen on the Enoggera catch- ment area since Saturday. On Sunday the water was lift. GUn. below the bywash, and yesterday lift. 6ir. MANY of our readers will regret to learn that amongst the passengers drowned by the ill-fated steamer Ly-ee-Moon was Mrs. Jen- nings, sister of Mr Stanley, Chief Engineer for Railways and of Mr. F. D. G. Stanley, architect .Mrs .Jennings was well known in Brisbane, her husband having hold the position of chief clerk and accountant in the Railway Department many years ago, a post which then ranked next to that of the permanent head of the department, Mr Herbert. IT is stated that the master of the hopper barge Nautilus has been asked to supply a re- port concerning the fatal accident which befel Robert Wilson, who died from injuries re- ceived in a fall while assisting to discharge a cargo of silt in the Bay. After consideration of this report, the desirableness of holding a magisterial inquiry into the matter will be determined upon. ONE of tho unfortunate men who wore drowned by the loss of the Ly eo Moon was a Mr. M'Gregor, a member of the Holloway Dramatic Company Mr. M'Gregor, who was a native of New Zealand, and had already gained considerable reputation as an actor, w as only 24 5 cars of age. Ho was engaged by Mr. Holloway in Melbourne, and was coming on to Brisbano to appear with the company for tho first timo on Monday next, when his untimely fato overtook him THE polico lcpoit an accident having oc- curred about half past 2 o'clock on Monday afternoon at the intersection of Sidon and Stanley streets While a man named James Reynolds was at woik for the corporation near tho water trough at this place a heavy waggon pulled by two horses, driven by a man named Tozland, the property of tho Graziers Butchering Company, approached When Hearing the trough the horses turned in sud denly, and before Reynolds got out of the way the polo of the waggon struck lum on tho back Ho was dashed violently against the trough, and his head was rather badly cut The wound was dressed by Dr Kobble TOE following defended cases were heard in tho Petty Debts Court yesterday before Mr W H Day, water police magistrate -W. G Billington v Gartside and Son, appeal for a fresh trial, which was refused Mrs Bragg \ J Aitchcson, good«, £i 5» lOd , vcidict for plaintiff for £1 ös lOd , and lus expenses John Swindells v |Luko and Hansen, work, £5 17s , Mr Jones for plaintiff, verdict for plain lift for £3 Oí Gd and costs of court Thomas Townsend v Michael Megan, detention, £30, Mr Hamilton for plaintiff, Mr Tecz for do fendant, verdict for plaintiff for £1 17s , costs 5s , and witness s expenses, 5s SOME little time ago we published a report describing the symptoms of an alarming and fatal disease amongst horses in the Birdsville district, which was kindly placed at our dis posal by the Colonial Secretary's department Mr James Irving, M E C V S , has conveyed to the Acting Under Colonial Secretary infor mation respecting the treatment of horses suffering from it. The report, which appeared in our columns, was forwarded to Mr Irving who writes -"From symptoms described, as also from information otherwise received, I am of opinion that the disease is caused by a species of small worms infecting the stomachs and in testincs of horses, and the fact of green food having a beneficial effect on horses affected (as the young grass is one of the best natural remedies for worms) also points to the conclusion of worms being the cause of the disease As a remedy I would suggest that each horse be given a dose composed of two fluid ounces (one wine glassful of spirits of turpentine and a pint of raw linseed oil), one half of the foregoing may be given to sick horses on the third day after the first dose If the horses will eat give bran and maize, with a little salt mixed, and give hay tea to drink every two hours, say about two or three quarts each time. To make hay tea fill an ordinary stable bucket about one third full of lucerne or oaten hay. Then fill up with hot water, cover over with a bag, and let it stand till cool " Two casks of beer not bearing tho excise duty stamp, also some bottled beer, havo been taken possession of by the Excise Department at Mr Charles Alford'» place, at Bundanba Alford has been summoned to attend before the Ipswich bench on Friday, on a charge of selling liquor without the usual permit from the Treasury, and called on to show for what purpose he became possessed of the liquor Wo understand tho beer is of tho manufacture of Mr Georg Gordon, brewer, of Milbong, near Harrisville His Honour Mr Justice Harding was ex cecdingly annoyed yesterday morning in court by the way in which the names of witnesses were called outside his court, and when they came into the box and gave their own names they were found to he altogether different His Honour had accordingly to make an alteration in his note book, having entered it as announced by the solicitor in tho first instance, and ho told counsel rather sharply that he had made up his mind that, in future, if such careless ness occurred on the part of solicitors, he »ould disallow the fees and expenses of the witne»s in question He had done this before in Brisbane in Rockhampton, and in Mary borough, and he should not hesitate to do it again ¡solicitors were paid for doing the work, and people must do what they were paid for His Honour looked round towards tho Press box as if he wished the intimation to go forth to the whole of the profession concerned in his ultimatum Subsequently his Honour was even more severe in regard to witnesses being in court before examination Mr Marshall town clerk, had been sent for, and was conversing with Mr Bruce the defen dants attorney, when his Honour said he sup posed Mr Marshall was to be called, and if so he should visit the pains and penalties incuri ed on someone who was to blame When some minutes afterwards Mr Marshall entered the box he said, m answer to his Honour that he did not know of the proclamation His Honour said the proclamation had been made and must be obeyed, or he should inflict the pains and penalties for contempt Ihe conduct of the attorney in talking to the witness had been very reprehensible and if he saw it again he should call upon him to answer to the court. It was a thing no ofheer of the court should do This being the first case of it he would pass it over, but if it should occur again he should call upon the attorney to answer to the court Pro claraations of the court must not be tampered with cither directly or indirectly, and officers of the court must obey and submit themselves Any attorney act ing as Mr Bruce did ho should call upon him to answer for his misbehaviour Mr Lilley said neither Mr Bruce nor Mr Marshall knew of the proclamation His Honour replied that the attorney should have done eo, parties, as he had said before that morning, must have from professional men what they professed to give them. A IOUTH named B Levett, a compositor, who resides at Paddington, invested ia a bicycle on Saturday last, and being only a novice in the art of kcepmg his seat thereon ho cautiously manoeuvred round the flats until Monday morning, by which time he felt con fidence in his powers Accordingly he selected a steep pinch on Given terrace and started down the hill Before he had gone far the bicycle ran away with him, and eventually tilted up, throwing its rider The step of the machine struck him behind the right car causing a larj,c swelling, and he lay on the ground completely stunned, so much so, in fact, that his brother, on picking him up, believed he was dead The prostrate cyclist was carried into his home hard by, and his brother threw a blanket over him and came into town to inform his employer that he could not come to work that day in cousequence of his brother's death On his return horne, however, ho was overjoyed to find that the venturesome rider had revived from his swoon, and was curio jsly contemplating the I cause of his downfall Levett is now doirg 1 fairly well Two of his fingers were broken, and he ia a good deal bruised about the body. Mu C H. HV.RTMYNN, of the Range Nur »ery, Toowoomba, writes to us complaining bitterly that ho has no redress from an injustice pcrpctiated upon lum under the Licensing Act. He states that ho has al« ay s been known as an upholder of tho laws of tho country, and not a law breaker, and yet ho finds himself summoned at the Police Court foi " unlawfullj disposing of wine on a Sunday," when his only offence w as offering to some fi lends who visited him a glass of the puro juice of tho grape, an act which common courtesy makes imperativo upon a host to his guests A MEMORANDUM from the Electric Telegraph Ofhco states -"Madras notifies that the Turkish route is still interrupted. The next mail leaves Buahiro foi Pao Friday, 1th June, 2 p m." OWING to the very heavy sea running outside Cape Moreton, rendering it dangerous for such small craft, the Otter has not yet been able to start on her Northern trip, in connection with the Townsville encampment. She will, how- ever, start today, weather permitting. The delay thus occasioned will prevent the Com- mandant from carrying out his original inten- tion of inspecting the various corps in the coast towns on his way to the North, but he will probably be able to make his inspections when returning from Townsville. AMEETOsa of tho Selection Conimittco of the Queensland Football Association was held at the Cafó Royal last night for the purpose of selecting the team to represent Queensland m the forthcoming Intel colonial matches to bo pla} ed in Sydney during tho current month, and tho follow mg names were accepted fiom whom tho team will bo chosen, namely-J. Atkinson, W. Baynes, W Burton, E Bulcock, R Catherwood, J L Campbell, -English, J Gibson, S. Han ison, W Ham, E Hutton, P. Huntingdon, C Hegarty, O. Lather, P Loughnan, P. Murphy, E Morgan, W. Mooie, J. M'Donald, W. F O'Cairoll, J. O Gorman, W. Pilkington, T. H Perkins, H Silvester, T Slattery, H. Stewart, J. Thorns, S. Welch, G Wairy, and E. Young. A team will be selected from the foiegoing to play against the ne\t best twenty five at the Albert Sports Ground, on Saturday next, and the names of the respectivo teams appear in our advertis- ing column» A GLMLEMVJT now m Brisbane, who was well acquainted with Mr. Fothcnngliam, third mato of tho ill-fated Ly co Moon, has furnished us with somo particulars of his career. After going to sea in sailing vessels for some time he served in the Glen lino of steamers. Ho carno out to Australia as first mato of tho steamer Newcastle. After this ho was first mato on the R M S, Australia, hut a new captain carne out to take chargo of that steamer, and brought his own firat mato with lum Mr. Fothering- ham then being out of employment, applied to the A S N. Company, and his papers wcro so good that ho was put down fust on ulong list of applicants for appointment in that service Ho joined the Ly ce Moon for tho first time when sho left Sydney for Melbourne on her last ill fated round trip, Mr. Fotheringham, wo aro assured, is a man of very steady habits MB. G*ORGH DOWN, returning ofhcoi for tho lato gcneial election for Booioodabin, attended at the board's ofhco at noon ycstoi day and stated that in accordance with an ordei of comt dated 29th May, and served on lum that day, he had to declare Mr. William Macnaughton Galloway to bo tho duly elected member for No. 3 subdivision instead of Mr. Francis Beattie. Mr. Gal loway said it was just four months that elay Binco ho was elected by the rate- payers The opinion of some wis that Mi. Beattie had been elected, and of others that ho was elected. If Mr Beattie vvcic alive ho (Mr Galloway) could now have explained away somo of the differences that had anson on that occasion, and w ould, no doubt, have put mattera straight between them Ho waa son y so ninth time had been lost and waatcd, aa during the paat few months the business of the division required that all the members should have been present to attend to then duties The division had boon neglected by Mr Beattie not taking his scat, and other members holding aloof just at tho time their host efforts were required. These members had veiy much neglected their duties Ho trusted now there waa a full board all diffcicnccs would be sunk, and the iiicnibera work liai moniously together in the future for the good of the ratepajeis and the divison in general He would do Ina best in the interests of all This terminated the proceedings Till' weather in Brisbane yesterday morn ing was fine, with a cool westerly brec/e, but as the day wore on ram threatened, though nothing more than a very few dropa fell. Ac cordingto tho ofhcial reports for the twenty four hours ended at 9 am yesterday, seme light showers had fallon on tho Southern coast At Brisbane 0 20in. was recorded , OOGin. at Redcliffe, and 0 20m at Caloundra, In the Southern interme díate district 0 03in. had fallen at Banana, 0 02ln. at Gayndah, 0 32w at Taroom, and it had been showery at Gin Gin In the southern portion of the Western interior 0O3m had fallen at Bollon, and it had also been raining at Roma and Mitchell Downs On the Control coast 0 Um. was recorded at Bundaberg, C 07m at Rockhampton, 0 04in at Gladstone, and it had been showery at Woody Ialand In the Central intermediate district there had been a dn/iling rain at Clermont Mr William Cratnb, of Goondiwindi, who ia at present in Brisbane, received a telegram this morning stating that Friday s coach had not, on account of the rains, reached Goondi windi up to last night The town had been flooded on Sunda}-an event unheard of during the past seven or eight years At the time the telegram waa despatched the Macintyre River was falling In consequence of the inclemency of the weather there the Goondiwindi races have been postponed foi a w cok Mcaars B D Morehead and Co recen ed the following telegram yesterday -"Moree, N S W.-470 points of rain Welbon station since Monday Inglewood -Water (> n. in telegraph office, gi cat deal fencing carried away, approaches both ends of bridge com pletcly gone " WHILE a New Farm tram was passing the Brisbane Volunteer Bille Corps, in the direc- tion of the Valley, last night, opposite Morse's Hotel, the horses took fright at the band, and dragged the tramcar some feet off the rails The horses' heads were quickly caught, and after the Volunteers had passed the car was replaced on the rails with little delay. FIIFSII tenders aro invited by the chairman for additions to tho Brisbane Hospital THE Brisbane Musical Union advertise fora conductor. A i ULL rehearsal of " St Paul " takes place by the Musical Union to moirow night MEMBERS of the Theosophical Society meet at Mr. J. Bailey's, Wickham street, to night THE regular quarterly communication of the District Grand Lodge, E O, is to bo held this evening. MR H. A LONG delivers a lecture in the Mowbraytown Presbyterian Church to night in aid of the Sunday school library. THE Union Athletic Club advertise two special trains to the Union sports ground on Saturday next, on the occasion of their annual sports. MAILS for the United Kingdom and the Con- tinent of Europe, per Orient line, close at the General Post Ofhco on Friday at 1 30 o.m foi ordinary letters. THE first examination under the T rmacy Board of Queensland commences in Pehool of Arts this morning The examiners and list of subjects and the hour of meeting aro adver- tised. MEETINGS under the auspices of the Social Purity 'Society are called for Friday night in the Oddfellows' Hall, Caxton street, and m the Mechanics' Institute, Stanley-street, to advo- cate the repeal of the C D. Act, Tar last four nights of Lingard's Diorama of Scotland are announced. There was a good attendance last night, and the distribution of gifts aa usual formed an attractive feature of the entertainment. Part.c alar» of these appear in another column« 