REVIEW. Miscellanies, Pbose and Verse, by William Maginn. Edited by E. W. Montagu. 2 vols. Sampson Low and Co. London, 1885. Maginn stood in the foremost rank of the periodical writers of a very brilliant era. He had ?wit inexhaustible, profound and varied scholar ship, literary talent of the most Protean kind* and marvellous readiness as well. Sheridan's famous saying as to the value of easy writing might in fact be reversed in the case -of the ' Doctor.' What he wrote with, the utmost rapidity and, according to all accounts, with the utmost ease was really some of his best work, and his best has, in its way, been seldom bettered by anybody. A great English novelist, who knew him intimately, has pictured this gifted but ill starred Irishman, for it is he who figures as . Captain Shandon in Thackeray's ' Pendennis.' Those who are familiar with that in imitable portraiture will remember the, pathetic touches of humour with, which . it is replete, and the moral which, it serves to point. There is, in many respects, a sad similarity be tween the career of Maginn and that of our own Deniehy. In connection with both there is the same melancholy story of genius frittered away, and splendid promise unfulfilled. ? With regard to the causes which mainly led to the waste and ruin of the two lives, the parallel is, unfortunately, still more complete. Maginn's was not, indeed, brought to so premature a close as poor Deniehy's, and left more in the shape of actual performance, but yet fell far short of what, under happier con ditions, it might have achieved. There is hardly any sort of composition in which, he did not show faculties entirely beyond the common order. As an essayist, as a critic, as a political writer, as a humourist, as a romancist, and to some extent as a poet, he displayed excel lence of an exceptional description. The periodi cal press has been styled the grave of genius. It is, perhaps, perfectly true that much of Maginn's lies buried there, and that it is not wholly to his irregular habits that the circumstance of his never having produced a single work which, could be regarded as a fitting monument of his intellect is to be ascribed. If. a trenchant leader was to be struck off at a moment's notice, no hand was more prompt at the task than Maginn's ; consequently, during the twenty odd years that he passed in London his pen, when he chose to exercise it, was in constant demand in that line. But it was employed in numerous directions besides. There was hardly a serial of any note in his day which was not more or less enriched by his contributions. He was one of the main props of Blackwood's Magazine. Some say that it was he who suggested to Professor Wilson those colloquies which under the title of 'Noctes Arnbrosianao,' became so great a feature in 'old Ebony.' It was he who took the principal part in launching Frazeb's Magazine, and it was chiefly, through him that, almost at a bound, it fairly caught up with its great northern rival. There is a tradition among London litterateurs that he once wrote an entire number of Fbazer's at a single sitting. Whether this be correct or not, it is at all events certain that the earlier numbers of that publication received from him the distinctive stamp, which ' recommended them. In one of those appeared a study of his on Hamlet which i which has been repeatedly referred to by Shakes pearian scholars as a most subtle and penetrating piece of criticism. It maybe observed that that masterly, paper is not included in the volumes under notice, and it may be added that it ia not the only omission which there is reason to com plain of on the part of their editor. But on that subject there is more to bo said, by and bye. Macginn was born in Cork in 1794, and was the son of a schoolmaster. He was a singularly precocious boy, and so well grounded in the classics that he was able to enter Trinity College, Dublin, before he was in his teens. 'He took his degree there as LL.D. in his twenty-third year. Toung Maginn acted for a while as his father's assistant, and for ten years after his (the father's) death carried, on the school. He had as one of his ushers a Corkonian youth, destined to be remem bered, perhaps, longer than himself, for the usher was none other than the poet who wrote the beauti ful lines on Gougaune Barra. But the drudgery of such an occupation was totally unsuited to the temperament of Maginn. The school was given up, and he went to seek his fortune in London. His reputation had preceded him there, for while residing in Cork he had contributed to Blackwood a number of articles which had'at tracted great attention, and which had left no room for doubt as to their author being a man of rare natural ability as well as an accomplished scholar. It was with a Latin version of Chevy Chace that he. broke ground in Blacicwood. The facility with which he turned English verse into Latin and Greek has, indeed, not been equalled ex cept by his fellow-townsman, and sometime literary colleague, the Eev. Francis Mahony, better known as Father Prout. Maginn's metrical effusions were not confined to translations. He could produce very vigorous original verso. It was not often that it ran in a serious vein, but when it did it was ' genuine enough. As characteristic of the whimsical spirit of the man and his versatile talents, it may be mentioned that he published in Blackwood a third part of Coleridge's ' Christabel,' in which he imitated with wonderful closeness the weird style of that fine poem. Where his cue was parody, pure and simple, he wa3 unapproachable. One of his hap piest specimens in that way maybe fdund in Murray's edition of Byron's works. It is entitled 'Don Juan Unread,' and is. placed there side by side with the exquisite poem'which suggested it, to wit, 'Wordsworth's Yarra Unvisited.' To Blackwood also he had sent from Cork several parodies on Tom Moore's 'Irish Melodies,'' the fun of which parodies, however, as might be expected, was not much enjoyed by Moore. He refers in his diary, and with evident annoyance, to the countyman (as he shrewdly guessed him to be) who was thus ringing the changes on the Harp of Erin. Apropos of Moore,' it is worthwhile to mention that the task of editing Byron's letters and journals vhich he subsequently performed was originally proposed to Maginn, shortly after the arrival of tne latter in- London, a fact which is sufficiently indicative of the high opinion enter tained with regard to his capacity by some of the keenest of contemporary judges. It would by far exceed ? the limits to which this notice' must be confin d if Maginn's course were to be followed in detail. The most notable events in .it must e barely referred to. Among these was his duel with the Hon. Grantly Berkely in 1836, .which encounter was brought about by a review written by the Doctor, and which was certainly a unique sample of the 'slashing' style of criticism. The belief was and is that Maginn must have dashed it off when labouring under the ? effec of that stimulant to which about this ^period he so frequently resorted, and which, a few years later, was to bring him to his grave. The fatal habit alluded to brought proverty and other attendant evils in its train. Maginn more than once was consigned to a debtor's prison. From his last imprisonment, in 1842, he emerged, utterly broken down in health, and died in August of that year, at Walton upon Thames, a village near London. These selections are by no means so complete as' the volumes which appeared in America, nigh thirty years ago, edited by the late Dr. Shelton M'Kenzie. Some of his most admired pieces are not to bo found in the former. Of his ' Shakes peare Papers' but one is given, and that decidedly not the best of the. series. It is that on Lady Macbeth. His view of the character is not particularly original, while on the contrary his disquisitions on those of Falstaff, Jacques in 'As you like it,' and Iago are strikingly so. His two celebrated Irish novelettes — ' Bob Burke's Duel' and 'The Story without a tail,' are included; but then they are to be had in the ' Tales from Blackwood,' while a story that' is not so readily accessible, namely, the beautiful eastern legend of 'The City of the Demons,' is left out. Indeed, it might be inferred from a remark of Mr. Mon tagu's that J10 was not aware of its existence at all. Speaking of Maginn's contributions to the annuals, he says : 'We give a 'Vision of Purga tory' from 'The Literary Souvenir/ This,' he adds, 'was designed as a specimen of ' Tales of the Talmud,' which, though repeatedly an nounced as nearly ready, never emerged from the light of day. The specimen of 'Tales of the Talmud ' was not the ' Vision of Purgatory,' which is an Irish legend, but clearly enough ' 'The City of the Demons.' As evidences of Maginn's poetic faculty the ballad of 'The Sack of Magde burgh' and his noble paraphrase of the passage in Sb. Matthew descriptive of the mocking of the Ee deemer by the Roman soldiers might have been remembered by the editor. The paraphrase has a simple grandeur of diction which reminds one of some of Dryden's' versions of the old Latin hymns. Neither j however, of the two poeins mentioned has been accorded a place in these, volumes. On the whole, it is to be feared that these convey but an imperfect notion of' what Maginn was. A couple of his Homeric ballads are given, and happily in this instance there is no occasion to grumble at the choice. Here are. a few stanzas from ' The Funeral of Achilles' :— ? The ghosts of Leucn's rock had gono ;' Over the ocean streams, And they had passed on To the prates of tho sun, And the slumberous land of dreams. And onward thence to theso verdant mooda Flowering with asphodel, 1 Their course was led Where the tribes of dead ' - * In shadowy semblance dwell. And so it runs on with a fine ballad swing and true rhymthic reverberation. - Tho flight was checked and round thee oamo The maids of the Sea-god old ; Sad weeping as they wrapped thy fraino In vesture of heavenly fold. A mournful dirgejthe Muses nino In strains alternate sung, And from every one the tearful brino Through the Argive host was wrung ; For none could withstand tho lay divine Of the Muses' dulcet tongue. ? By day and night for ten days' space— For ten days' space and seven, Wept we tho men of mortal race, And the deathless gods of Heaven. A little poem addressed to his daughters presents him in a very engaging light. 0 my darling little daitghtors ! 0 my daughters lov'd so well ! Who by Brighton's breezy waters For a time have gone to dwell. Here I come with spirit yearning With your sight my eyes to cheer, When this sunny day returning Brings my forty-second year. Knit to me in love and duty Have you been, sweet pets of mine ! long in health and joy and beauty, May it bo your lot to shine ! . And at last when, God commanding, 1 shall leave you both behind, May I feel, with soul expanding, I shall leave you good and kind I May I leave my Kan and Pigeon Mild of faith, of purpose true j Full of faith and meek religion, With many joys and sorrows few. Now I part with fond caressing, Part you now. my daughters dear, Take, then, take your father's blessing In his forty-second year. The sportive and satirical bent of Maginn, and his wide range, are nowhere throughout his writ ings more remarkably displayed than in the short descriptive notices which: he supplied to the Fbazer ' Gallery of literary portraits,' sketched by the Cork artist, Daniel Maclise. They are not to be found in the volumes before us, nor was it to be ex pected that they should ; but anybody who may be curious enough to hunt them up in the old volumes of Fbazeb, or who happens to light upon them in the collected edition, edited by Mr. Bates, will be richly entertained, and will probably be dis posed to admit that Maginn was not overrated by those who, while crediting him with manifold mental endowments besides, discerned in him. something of a Eabelaisian breadth of humour. Though often quoted, the epitaph written on him by his friend John Gibson Lockhart will well bear repetition. A high authority has pronounced it the best sample of the jocular-pathetic in' the English language — ' Here early to bed lies kind William Maginn, Who with genius, wit, learning, life's trophies to win, Had neither great lord n6r rich cit of his kin, Nor discretion to set himself up as to tin ; So Ms portion soon spent, like tho poor heir of Lynn, He turned author ere yet there was beard on his chin, And who ever was : out or who ever was in, For your torics his fine Irish brains he would spin, Who received prose and verso with a promising grin, Go ahead you queer fish and more power to your fin, But to save from starvation stirred never a iin. Light for long was his heart, though his breeches were thin, Elso his acting, for certain, was equal to Quinn. But at last he Was beat and sought help of tho bin (All tho same to the doctor from claret to gin), Which led swiftly to gaol with consumption therein ; It was much when the bones rattled loose in his skin, He got leave to dio hero out of Babylon's din. Barring drink and the girls I ne'er heard of a sin. Many worse, better few than bright broken Maginn.' The errors of the man have been hinted at, and it would be useless to dwell upon them at further length ; out it is proper to say a few more words on the shortcomings of the writer. The value of much of Maginn's work, especially of his critical articles on the authors of his time, is, it must be confessed, detracted from by some very serious defects. It was the bad fashion of his day to carry political animosities into the field of letters. Where his partisan feelings were touched he had little regard for ' the amenities of literature,' and wilfully shutting his eyes to what was admirable in a writer whose political notions happened to differ from his own, delighted in magnifying his weak points. Thus he was glaringly unjust in his judgments on such men as Hazlitt, Hunt, Eeats, and Shelley, and assailed them in a style which was totally unworthy of him. But like many other critics who could be cruelly bitter on paper, he is said to have been kindly and generous in every other respect. If he dealt hard, knocks, he certainly received with the utmost good hum»ur those with- which he was paid back. He had prematurely turned grey, and he used to speak with great glee of O'Connell's reference to him as ' that hoary-headed libeller, Doctor Maginn.' Readers of Sir Charles Duffy's 'Young Ireland' will remember his mention of a dispute in which the Nation was involved with O'Connell, touching its praises of Father Prout and Maginn, and how it declined to admit that even the fact of their having both attacked him should cause a nationalist journal to ignore their undoubted claims as distinguished Irishmen. 