A Yicious Bog A shopkeepei residing in Leichhardt-street, Bris bane, had a narrow escape on Saturday last. He was teasing a dog/which he had in his back yard, when, without a moment's warning, it sprang at him, and seized him by the nose, inflicting a nasty wound, which had morfe the appearance of a gash inflicted by some sharp instrument than the bite of a dog. The wound bled profusely and some con siderable time elapsed before the bleeding could be checked. The dog ill question bears a very bad character, and his victim may consider himself for tunate in escaping without the loss of his nasal organ, and he will think twice before interfering with dogs again. By-the-bye, I have heard of men having a partiality for a dog's noise on certain occa sions, but never before of dogs having a partiality for men's nopes. That dog should suffer the extreme penalty of the law, if he were. mine. " —— ♦. Ds. it. Fbost, of Townsville, is great at putting broken bones in a fair way of recovery, and setting joints of limbs that have been out, iu place again. It is asserted, however, that some time ago he met with a case which completely baffled his professional skill, a fact which was extremely annoying, as had he but performed a successful operation in this instance, his name would probiably go down to posterity among the great men of the present century, such as. General Gordon and Attorney-General Eutledge You see Mickey McKee, the Townsville cab>by, had a horse, he (Mickey) r set great value on, and being in the neighborhood of the Rising Sun, the animal, unfortunately, was hit by a snake. Mickey, how ever, had implicit faith in the doctor, and he wanted to save that horse anyhow; so he set off on foot to walk the few miles which intervened between the professional residence and the scene of the accident. He became awfully anxious las he went along* and it is stated, in his eagerness to reach his destination, actually refused a porter-gaff at the Gamers' Arms; but this may be a fabrication. However, on reaching Doctor Frost's, he was breathless and flustered, and introduced himself to the medico's notice with a kind of rush. "Ob, Docther! oh, Docther I" he exclaimed, ''cum quick, cum quick, or he'll be dead." " Come where or who " "Oh! Docther, Docther,me horse bit a snake at the Risin' Sun, and if je don't cum quick he'll be dead." The doctor, however, didn't go, probably thinking it better to have a consultation on such a serious case. And strange to relate, like the man bitten by the mad dog which Goldsmith tells of, in which " the dog it was that died/' in this instance the horse gave np the ghost. Peculiar, wasn't it, unless Mickey reversed matters ? Maybe he did, too, especially if the porter-gaff story is true. A man who would do that'is capable of anything almost. # - # , A cebtain party in town suffers from a complaint that is far from uncommon, viz. {—Running up little scores for shandies, &c.;,on the elate and forgetting to call when a settlement is required. He managed to work on his last victim to the tune ef 37s. 6d., and when his little bill was tendered;'he promised to call in on the following Saturday and settle it. Week after week passed by, without his putting in appear ance. One evening, however, the boniface in question was conversing with several gentlemen in the private bar, when who should pop in but the long-looked for and long-winded customer. : ' "Good evening, Mr.-Longshandy, you 're quite a stranger. I thought we had lost you altogether," was the salutation he received from the publican. " Oh 1 I'm all right, old man, but I've been so confoundedly busy that I have not been able to get about at all, or I would have been down and settled that little account with you. What are we going to have f—give it a name, gentlemen j you'd better have one yourself." The drinks numbering five were quickly served. How much do they come to, old fellow ?" " Half-a-crown, and there 5s—" but before the unfortunate publican could finish the sentence, Mr. Longsbandy, with the utmost tang +roid, finished it for him, saying " Oh 1 yes j 37s. 6d. before. By Jove 1 I almost forgot that y well, that'll make it £2," and he sauntered out leaving the too-confiding landlord iti a state bordering upon appoplexy. 