turf topics amd anticipations. By Abmodeus. Thoso who ore interested in tho welfare of tho Victoria Amatour Turf Club must havo felt highly delighted with tho brilliant gather ing at tho heath last Saturday. Circumstances and surroundings woro exceptionally propitious and affairs passed off with great cctut, strongly demonstrative of tho rapidly increasing popularity of the February fixture. Not onlv was tho attendance imposing, tho weather charming, and tho courso arrayed in its brightest attire, but tho fiolds throughout wore numerically largo, whilo as for tho sport, none but tho most hyporcritieal could havo found fault tliorowith. Tho menu embraced varioty as well as tho twin concomitants of quantity and quality, and the most avaricious turf gourmand must havo had his appetite amply gratiflod. Notwithstanding that tho largo field of sixteen runnors elected to inaugurate celebrations in the Hurdle Itaco, tho numbor of compotitors did not appear to havo any consideration with the baokors of Vandorbilt, who fairly sorambled over eaoh other in tho pell moll rush which onsuod instantly tho metallic operators commonoed business. The defunot millionaire's namesake looked in muob better condition than when ho last disappointed his admirers over the samo ground, and ho succeeded in pulling through after n groat finish with Iioyal Maid, whom ho only dofoatcd on the post by half a head. I fancy that Batty rather than tho horse is to be blamed for cutting matters so fine, for had he made better use of his light impost, and not hung so far away from tbo leaders 6 furlongs from home, he would havo achieved a much easier victory. Ferguson, on Royal Maid, ap peared to err equally in the opposite direction, and asked his mare to come much too soon with the steadier of 11 st 12 lb. She tired percep tibly when the pinch came, and, thanks to tho generous response whioh Vandorbilt made to Batty's vigorous riding, the favorite's supporters were relieved of a heavy burden when they per ceived the victory gained in the very last stride. Insolvent and Sinking Fund both appeared to havo put on a bit of flesh since Geolong, while the -conspicuous position occupied by Doringa throughout tho. greater portion of tho race shows him to havo greatly improved on his lato display at the " Pivot." Tho New Zealand bred colt Agluos, by Apremont from Agiaia, .became a strong tip for tlie Criterion' Stakos, and not a few pinned their faith to the feather weighted Master John ; hut both youngsters grieviously disappointed tlioir respective adherents, and it remained for The Nun, who was conceding 3 st., all but a pound, to the last named, to unco more assert her superiority. The performance ft-as highly meritorious, and directs attention to -tho collateral worth of such animals as Maddclina, Acmo and Blairgowrio, all of whom could run over The Nun in the spring. That Mr. Robertson's filly has since iinprovod will roadily bo allowed, but I ques tion whether she ha3 advanced in greater pro portion than Maddolina, who fairly reefed over Ajcuuwg uiruu wuexs ago. Everybody was prepared to see The Israelite come with a rattle in the pencilling operations which preceded the contest for the great event of tho afternoon, the Oakleigli Han dicap, and as the stable commission for the Newmarket Handicap had boon satisfac torily executed on tho previous day, it seemed good business booking tho stylish looking half brother to The Assyrian, more particularly as he had executed on the preceding Thursday one of the fastest miles ever traversed at Fleming- ton. Besides, a whispor wont round that it was the only time tho horse has been really well since he landed his memorable Spring Handicap coup at Flemington in the spring of 1883. The cognosconti were, therefore, on him to a man, and his gontlemanly demeanor as ho paraded the paddock served to aggravate the Jurure on his behalf. Reputablo judges voted the raee a downright good thing for the long idle son of Bluegown and Tinfinder, and so it would have resulted but for William Tell, who proved his greatness by conceding the favorite a pound and decisively defoating him. The performance was a creditable one, and stamps the son of Kettledrum ahorse of prodigious pace. Before his number was hoisted people were running about iiiquiringhia price for the Netvmarkot Handicap, and he was at 13 to 1 by the time ho weighed in. His previous victories at. Elstemwick Park and Moonee Valley have made him fami liar with mntrnnnlitian turf bnlntuds. flllfl but for those expositions of form the Newmarket Handicap would have been sacrificed to him. Evon as matters now stand his prospects of success are quite colueur tie rote, and whatever beats the speedy chestnut will very nearly win. Although nominated by Mr. M. C. Moylan he ran in the "crimson and white" livery of Mr. Septimus Miller,' to whoso stable at Craigieburn he has only recently bocomo attached. The . same colors .wero carried to tho fore by Studley in the succeeding race. Pride foil Isadly when he appeared to have the verdict in baud at the last fonco but one, and Progress and Patchwork also came to grief just as their respective friends wore beginning to flatter tbom- eelvcs. - Another success or two will place Studley on a Iovol .with his rela tive and stablo companion, Mernder. Morven failed to improvo on Wymlet's performance at Flemington, and the repeated non-succe9S of the Dowling Forest contingent in jumping con tests proves thom to have deteriorated in a department in wbich thoy so long maintained superiority. Gold Top succeeded in defeating one of the host fields of selling platers brought together for somo time. Amongst the unplaced division wero the favorite, Squireen, and tho Tosmanian horse First Light, who, a couple of years ago, defeated a Melbourne Cup and a Caulfleld Cup winner— Sheet Anchor and Blink Bonny — over two miles of ground at weight for age. Tbo public would havo nothing but Duration for tho IlawkBburn Hau- dicap, albeit Gipsy's Warning, Ringmaster, Irralce, Dunlop and Lesbia wero well supported by their respectivo etabies. The favorito was never once in tho huut, and as ho carried 1 sr. 1u id. loss lliuu no wun rue ooearr Cup with the deductienn are extremely damaging to Tasmaniau horses in general, to some of whom he conceded 4 st. 8 lb. and made an example of. I shall be quito prepared to see Duration run abetter horse in the Australian Cup than ho did last Saturday, when his display of form was irreconcilably bad, so much so that I fear Cripps has been too indulgent with him since his return from the southom island. It was a splendid finish butweon Ringmastor, Gipsy's Wavuiugand Lesbia, and Moore's offort on tho winner was worthy of his splendid Jiuale on Meteor in tho Moonee Valley Cup last year. William Toll's victory on Saturday laBt lias boon tho means of firmly placing him at tbo bead of tho Newmarkot Handicap quotations, and unless thoro is somo carefully presorvod candidate in tho background on whoso behalf a markot sortio is in contemplation, tho hand some chestnut bids fair to maintain the premiorship to the fall of tbo flag. His masterly performance in tbo Oaldcigb Handicap created a very strong improssion, and tho followers of form are bound to deolnro for him en matte on Saturday next, when ho has to carry 4 lb. less than ho won with at Oaulflold. In this respoot he will moot Tbo Israelite m> l " ll"— terms, and as there is no reason why ho should not be able to get tho extra half furlong, he appears to have the advantage over tlie South Australian representative. Excusos have not been wanting to acconnt for the letter's defeat, chiof among them being tho allegation that ha passed a very " had night" preceding the. race, that tho broke out in a cold sweat, matters' assuming so serious an aspect towards inid-' night that a veterinary surgeon had to be called in. Wonderful to relate, these unfavorable symptoms had disappeared by tho- time the light of daypeerod into The Israelite's box, and the horso was so thoronghlyhimsclf In the pad- dook- that his owner, trqiner and the Lockleya- camp followers in general had no hesitation in piling tho money on him in hundreds. Under theso circnmstances, therefore, will any eane follower of the turf bo induced to believe that there was anything radically wrong with The Israelite on the night preced ing the race? Tho "cold sweat" incidont- is Incongruous with the transactions known to havp taken place on the hotting bourse, and for my own part I can scarcely reooneile myself to tho belief that a decidedly clever faction like that ot Lockleys, who know their way about on the turf as well as mo3t people who exist thbreon, could have so far sacrificed their native astuteness and judgment as to entrust with loads of money a horse who was, according to their own representations, or what aro thought to bo their own representations, virtually a ' dead un " twelve hours before the race. The story in truth would bo more suitable for tho marines than for oven tho most gullible of turfites. Besides, the secret would havo been too valuable to bo bruited abroad. To run into second place after passing such a ter ribly bad night as that alludod to, would simply mean that, fit and well at tne post, his ohance of winning the Newmarket Handicap would be considered next door to a certainty. Upon mature considera tion, thorefore, the volunteered statement relative to the "cold sweat" episode must be taken cum rjrano talis. If The Israelite is des tined to reverse positions with William Tell in the great sprinting championship, the same will bo brought about by improved condition and a penchant for the extra distance rather than the evasion of another cold sweat visita tion. That bo will be able to do so I would not be the least surprised. Tho fortnight's interval will enable Mr. MDonald to administer the finishing polishes — tho last touch of tho artistic hand — whioh struck me as being wanting last Saturday. The water marks in his proposing gear were not quito so well defined as thoy might have been, and with the neces sary improvement in this direction I shall he quite prepared to see the illustrious representative of tho land of farina mako another bold bid for victory. There is no grander looking horse in training, and ot his courage those who closely watched tho bulldog tonuoiouaness with which he pursued William Tell must have been forcibly impressed. " Handsome is that handsome does," is an aphorism the veracity of whioh could frequently bo questioned in its symmetrical relationship to equine performers, but there can bo no doubt that three of the very best looking horses now en thn tnrf tilln.it t.lie situations In tho Oskleivh Handicap, and I question whether the one that gained least honor ou that occasion, viz. , Silver Mine, is incapable of avenging himself whon hostilities come to bo renewed on the Flemington battle ground. Tho Tasmanian will be assisted in the effort by meeting William Tell on 6 lb. and The Israelite ou 7 lb. bettor terms than when he recently suffered defoat at their hands. The extended journey is also calculated to suit him. Of tho tiveuty- threo candidates that took part in tho Caulfield sprint, eighteen aro engaged in tho Newmarket Handicap, namely, William Tell, The Israelite, Silver Mine, Coronot, Tho Ghost, Xnntippe, Fair Ellon, Duke of Athol, Oakleigh, Umbra, Leporolto, Salvo, St. Odille, Delamia, Uncas II., Seaweed, Islander and Millstreain. .If that running is to be relied on, I fail to see how any of those who finished in suoh straggling order behind tho placed horses can possess a chance of reversing tho fiat whon there is to ho a rehearing of tho case within tho V.R.C. jurisdiction. Still there are more unlikely thinga than that tho short distance hero or heroine of 1885 may crop up from amongst those that Btruck thoir flags to William Tell. It freqneatly happens that merit in a racehorse can only be de veloped under tho ameliorating influence of market fuietse ; and as I fancy more than ono which took part in tho Caulfield contest was not in possession of a duly authenticated stablo certificate, tho Newmarket Handicap may to a corta'u oxtent he productive of reversals of form. Intervening market operations will probably be the most reliable barometer in that direction. Apart from those who encountered de feat in the Oaldeigh Handicap, the separate per- t nt TrnW Dnnlrin. MUtabo. Kauiar. IVlUiUUV 9 ws 4HW.VV| — -fl 1 r > Squireen, First Light and All Gold do not en hance their prospects of success over tho 6 fur longs courso this day week..The candidates will, howevor, include a large number of animals of whoso prcsont form nothing reliable is known to tho public i honce recent trausaotions at Caulfield may after all prove of little use in illuminating tho darkness which still envelops tho Newmarket Handicap. Malua is one of the giants capable of assorting his superiority if iu bis former buckle, but if tho wliisporera ape not at fault tho designs of tho distinguished Tasmati aro more in the direction of tho Cham- pion Stakes than for a repetition of his 1884 coup. Pencilling indications favor tho assump tion that Solo will provo tho shoot anchor, of tho Kingston faction, and that Mr. Whito anti- oi pates making a bold stroke for victory with either Monte Christo or Uralla, noithor of whom havoboen in the slightest degree favored .-by tho liaudicapper. Quiutiu M:\tsop maintains a hoaltby tono in tho market, and the increased support awarded Silver Mine - is . sug gestive that wily Isaac, of Brighton, ..and his long rotlnuo of followers are : by, no means: discouraged by thoir non-success last Saturday.- Next weak I shall deliver mywlf /finally.,, on; the imports ut six furlougsTsn'Meot, and ntresout will content myself by naming William Tell, The Israelite, SilverMino, Bonnie Doon, Quintin Matsop, Juanna, Claptrap, Warfield, Uralla and Solo as tho batch from which I shall selecl a representative. As j et there has been no genuine enthusiasm worked up over the St. Leger, Australian Our or Champion Stakes, all of which events hav a very vague appearance. The heavy emiteri of the motallio hrothorhood appear dis inclined to lounge out with anything like thoir wonted energy, and are re cently as much disposed to promote post bet ting as tho public generally. Their totalisator -troubles across the Straits appoar to havt ruffled them, hut, like Tetoran chargers, as soomus thoy sniff tho smoke of tho battle field their weapons will bo well burnished for the fray, and many a luckless backer will doubtless Be numbered among tho slain. First Chester's promised appearance on the scene will invest the St. Leger with additional interest, and it is to he regretted that this is his only engage ment at the meeting, There is no prospect of I.souomy also coming over, but with the addition of Monto Christo, Uralla, Ma- roondali, Ringmaster, First Prince, Remus, Sunny Days and Matchlock as eligible candi dates, an uncommonly well-matched team will essay to appropriate tho spoil, which, at one time, appeared at tlie mercy of the disabled champion, Nordonfeldt. As. Mr. Inglis appears to have set his boart on winning a Champion Stake, the greatest of all turf honors in point of merit, there is every prospect of seeing Malua make his first esray in the great clAssio event. The worthy son of St. Albans is hound to meet with a splendid reception after bo pro longed a retirement from tho scene of his most wondrous exploits, and provided he re appears like the proverbial giant, refreshed, I snail confidontlr expect to seo him plainly demonstrate how far Sheet Anchor and Co. and the three-year-olds of the present season aro removed from tip-top weight for age form. . Elsewhere will he found the weights for the Y.R.C. Hurdle Race and Steeplechase, al60 for tlie Brunswick Stakes and Corinthian Cup. A cursory glance couveys tho impression that thoy aro very equitable productions. In the HurdleV.ace Insolvent occupies thopride of place with II Bt. 12 lb., and is 09ked to concede 5 lb. to Hazard. When these horse3 first opposed each other at the previous autumn meeting Hazard allowed Insolvent 2 st. 5 lb., and defeated hun decisively ; but of course tho Panic horse has since made marvellous im provement, and may now be quite able to meet his former coequcror on tho terras pro posed by Mr. Barnard. Tho Queensland craok, Drummer, is handicapped at 11 st. 5 lb., or exactly a stone loss than he recently carried to victory at Roseliill. The " Sugarcaner" has no cause to grumble at this treatment. Sinking Fund has 3 lb., Mirth 3 lb., Mistake 4 lb., Chatsworth 6 lb., and Dcringa 7 lb. less than they carried last Saturday, and lower down the list - are two favorably positioned marcs in Galatea 9 st. 6 lb., and Brown Girl 9 st. In the Steeplechase, Studley 11 st. has been raised 8 lb. on the impost bs succ.3sfully negotiated at Caulfield, but as Pride 10 st. 6 lb. meetB him at an advantage of 9 lb.. I Bhall look to thelustnamed to reverse that ruling. Bob Cooper has to meet Native or. 3 lb- better terms than when he suffered a length defeat at Geelong, and could Wymlet or Morven bo relied on to keep on them legs they would be greatly fancied at 11 st. andlO st. 6 lb. respectively; but the Dowling Forest people must be well nigh tired of befriending them, kuikyne is nicely placed at 10 st. 3 lb., and may be equal to following up the successes recently scored by his stablo companions Mernder and Stndley, unless indeed one or other of the Iastnamed may provo their ability to extent the area of thoir triumphs. Tho stable is in remarkably good form just now, and well worth following. The advent of the Tasmaniau crack, Caledonian, 11 st. 4 lb., is being awaitd with some degree of curiosity, for wo aro assured on good autho rity that he is a star of considerable magni tude and well qualified to walk in the footstepr . of his countrymen, Denmark, Echo and Cole- brook. Cripps has had him in hand some time, and he ought to bo very nearly ready to rondor a taste of his quality. In the Bruns wick Stakes the best treated appear to be Minerva 8 at. 2 lb., Ringmaster 8 St. 1 lb.. Claptrap 7 st. 13 lb., Lavington 7 st., Kohai, 6 st. 10 lb., Losbia 6 st 13 lb., Hippogriff 6 st. 6 lb., St. Odille 6 st. 8 lb., and Gipsy's Warning at the same woight. Mr. Barnard has formed a tolerably high estimate of the Queensland gelding Preston, by awarding him 8 st. in tho Brunswick Stakes and 12 st. in the Corinthian Cup. For tho Iastnamed event Lord . Wilton 11 at 12 lb., Allander 11 st 8 lb., Yeronique 10 st. 4 lb., and Salvo 10 st 2 lb., oonvey the idea of being favorably handled. Tho nostnonod meeting of tho Williamstown RaciDg Club, originally intended to be held to day, will tako place on Tuesday, when a num ber of the regulars will doubtless make it con venient to undertake a trip to tho seashore. As the acceptances aro to bo made at scale, th. probable i6suo of events is at present enveloped in uncertainty. Under such circumstances the element of luck Is an all-important factor in compiling selections. Howevor, I Bhall hazard the followiug !— Hurdle Rico : Koolyto, Mirth, Chatsworth. Maiden Plate : Per- ohanco, Tho Lovite, Parwan. Steeplechase : Kuikyne, ine irisumuu, ---'""q . Gold Top, Squireen, Mabel Groy. Newport Haudicap : Honora, Allander, Albauus. Nordonfoldt was scratched ior all his V.R.O. autumn engagements on Saturday last, Mr. Jonnelly finding any further perseverance to got him to tho post absolutely useless. . It may be as well to state that his elimination from his throo valuable engagements, the , St. Loger Stakes, tho Australian Cup and the Champion ltaco, was held in aheyanco as long as possible, in ordor that Mr. Jas. White might come to Melbourne from Sydnoy and see for him self tho precise uatureo! the injury Nordenfeldt had luot with; Mri White intended ..boiug , in. M«l bourne at the latter part of -last; wools bat finding th»t hs could not possibly arrive I hero till about tho middle of tho present week, Jnstructod Mr. Fonnolly to scmtcb his colt on Saturday last, which was accordingly done. Although Mr. Yi'hito has on more than one oc casion appropriated therioh Maribymong Plate, Victoria Derby Stakes and Melbourne Cup, he has been singularly unfortunate in the Cham pion Stakes. Martini-Henry, it will bo re membered, left tho paddock a red-hot favorite In 1884, at 2 to 1 on him, but failed to obtain even a place in a field of seven ; while lost year tho fortunes of tho stable wero entrusted to Trcmando, who is many removes from a first class animal. Mr. White is still represented in the Champion Stakes by Monte Ohristo, Uralla, Matchlock and Peroussion, but as the latter will not take part in any events at tho forthcoming meeting it is moro than probable that ono of the two colts will en- ' deavor to sustain the prestige of the stablo in the big three miio event. Several improvements were noticeable on the . Canlflold course last Saturday. Tho steeple chase course along the side of the straight has bien widened from 32 foe' to 64 feet, and was found to be a great improvement. About 25 cb&ims; of tbe new course which is to form the . turn out of the straight have been completed, and the grass is growing strongly and well, hut it was not fit for raoing on on Saturday. This . work was accomplished in six weeks, at a cost of £2000. A contract has been accepted for rais- . ing the wbolo of the lawn, nud this work is : now being proceeded with. As a mark of respect to John Huht, the . Jookey, who was recently killed at Qcelong, all \- tho jockeys riding at Caulfleld on Saturday wore a black bandago of orape, which in each ease was supplied by Mr. B. M'Kenna, with whom Huht resided at tho time of his death. The' 3-year-old colt, Kohai, by Manuka from Idalia, has arrived from Tasmania, Ho Is en gaged in the Australian Cup at 6 st. 8 lb. The Sydney filly, Astrcea, who is engaged in the Newmarket Handicap at 6 st. 12 lb., Is cx- pected to arrive at Newmarket at tho end of the week. Should she eome she will join the re mainder of Mr. J. Monaghnn'e string. The steeplechnss horse, The Mashcrvhas been placed in H. Connolly's care, at Canlfield, and Will be trained by him for future engagements. The Shareholders' Cup, a very handsome gold (ropby, value 100 guineas, which is to be run ' for at the St. Patrick's Day Bace Meeting of tho Victorian Trotting Club, Is nowon view at the establishment of Messrs. V. H. Glen and Co., ilolUns-etreet east. The manufacturers are Messrs. T. Gaunt and Co. A rumor le prevalent that Sardius will not start for the Australian Cup. Owners and trainers are reminded that tho forfeit of £3 15s. each for nominations for the l3t. Leger, and 5 sots, each for Ascot Vale Stakes, Sires' Produce Stakes and Champion Stakes, must be deolered and paid to the V.B. 0. secretary before eleven a.m. on the day before the race, or nominators will be liable for the full sweepstakes. Amongst thoae visitors who SESlsted in a pro fessional capacity at Caulfleld last Saturday was " Trumpator," whose visit in tho interest of the readers of the Adelaide Observer will ex tend over the V.R.O. meeting. The following horses have arrived at Fleming- ton: — Minerva, Bnrrilds, Nepicaliina, Honey- dow, CrosBfire, Tarpela, Ceriso and Blue, Copra, Tuscarora, Drummer, Preston, Cairo, Moreeau ' and Lavlngton. Tho two-year-old filly Brlgantinc has been ' transferred from Mr.M. Fenneily's team to that of Mr. J. Cohen. Nominations for tbe approaching meetings to be held at Moonoe Valley and IVyndbam close Oil Monday next. Thunderbolt pulled up very lame at Fleming- . ton on Wednesday morning. The privileges of tho V. H. C. autumn meet ing, comprising the gates, booths, outer car- ' rlage paddook, oyster stall, and fruit site on tho hill, will be sold by auction, at Kirk's Bazaar, on Monday next at twelve noon. Major George Egerton has been appointed bandieapper to tho Jockey Club on probation, vice the Messrs. "Weatlierby, resigned. Owners and trainers aro reminded that second forfeits for tbo Newmarket Handicap and Australian Cup must be declared and paid before four p.m. on Thursday, 25th February, or nominators wilt he liablo for balance of sweepstakes. Tho following events have been arranged for the Gobur annual races, to bo held on Mon day, 22nd March Maiden Plate, one mile' and a half ; Handicap Cup, two miles, 20 sovs., and cup presented by tbo members of the ftunt ; Hurdlo Baco, two miles, 17 sovs.; Sbire Plato, one milo, 8 sovs. ; and Consolation Handicap, one mile. Tbe following programme was adopted at tbe meeting held at Valo'u Hotel, Dargalong, on Monday evening, for the raacs to ho held under the auspices of tbe Dargalong and Murchieon Turf Uiub, Easter Monday : — Muidon Plate, of . 10 govs.; Juvenile Stakes, for 2-ycar-olds, . sweep of 1 eov., with 10 sovs. added ; District Handicap, of 15 sovs. , for horses tbe bona Jide properly of residents within 25 miles of the course ; Hurdle Bace, sweep of 1 sov., with 25 " sovs. added, two miles ; Turf Club Handicap, sweop of 1 sor. , with 60 sovs. added, one mile and a half: Selling Bace, 20 sovs.; Consola tion Stakes, 10 sovs. A £10 note invested on F. Barrett's mounts' throughout the year would hare won £638 Is. : 8d. This is in contrast to Arober's essays, for notwithstanding tho " tinman's" marvellous ..' record, a £10 noto invested on his mounts throughout the year at starting price would i . Wive resulted as follows Lost, £4181 ; won, . £3404 ; showing an aggregate losa of £777. According to tho Paris correspondent of ono of the English sporting dailies, tho English bookmakers who carry on busi ness iu Franca ore an exceptionally honest raoe. This is what ho says of them : — ''People are apt to forgot tbata horsoisliablo to all those uncertainties of form which constitute Ifco sole chances of fielders, who gamble against the fsvorite now that the days of all round j hotting are in the memorios of Messrs. Wright, Saffrey, Gideon and -Bobinson as tho sweet legend of some Munchausen' telling of trees laden with ortolans, and gutters running with eaok and malvoisie. The ring has, of course, taken advantago of weaknesses on tho part of favorites, but no owner can maintain that any single penoiller has over bribed his employes or tampered with stable secrets. Our leading pencillers have no objection to Bhow their books when called on, and more than one regret has bcon expressed by them when public opinion could have been amply satisfied as to the repu tation of certain owner or owuers by a search ing inquiry that no questions were asked." Another misfortune has happened to Mr. J. White's racing stable. A few days ago the chcsnut colt Trident, who is lull brother to Navigator, was being shod, when tho farrier by some unaacountablo mcauB managed to prick tho colt no Boveroly that ho has been utiablo to leave his loose-box for some days. Tbo injury is of so serlouB a nature that there is little probability of his competing at the forthcoming autumn meeting of tho V.B.O. M. O'Brien, tbo accomplished professional horseman, has been specially retained by Mr. John Crozier, jun. , to rido Tbe Israelite in tho Newmarket Handicap. Tho following aro the latest scratobings for the Albury races : — St. Patrick's Day Handicap, Norman ; Hurdle Bare, Magnet, Leo ; Steeple chase, Leo. The next meeting to tako piaco at Moonce Valley is fixed for 1st Mai oh, and not Tuesday, 2nd March, as advertised olaewhoro. 