BOOK V.— ROUSED TO ACTION. Chaptee I.-— Late at Night, Yes, Mary Smith's new life began with the next morning, just as she had prophesied that it should. There had been too much grieving over the unalterable, and life had its duties, responsibilities, set tasks before her. She had not wholly given up, but her energies had been misdirected, and her sorrows were keen, though her powers of self- repression had been great. There had been no impetus to work— the future lay before her, dim and grey, a steep, upland ' path, ending, she hoped, with heaven very soon ; and all the past ambitions, her hope of future fame, did not seem worth thinking of any more. She had worked hard to get back Dids Chinery, but it was in vain. That was her present task still, as well as to keep house and home together by the aid of the pen— never a very easy task to the authoring, let his success be what it may. In this unsatisfactory world there are so many things to pay for. But she was at heart unhappy. Ever before' her was the fact that she had broken her word to Ambrose Chinery, and all that he had planned and prayed for, and all that he had trusted her to do, were miserable failures, and 'his girl' was with, the mother, from, whose bad example be would have kept her away. It was hard ; but perhaps it was as well that Ambrose Chinery lay at rest midst the sands, and his place in the ranks of life knew him no more. What would he have said to her — thought of her — if he had com 9 back .and asked, ' Where is my little Dids ?' She won dered sometimes that his spirit did- not haunt her, she heard the whisper of his reproaches eo often in her sleep, She found that her work became a solace to her as honest work always is, and she went at it very diligently to make up for lost time. This was the reaction from the hours of idleness of which she had spo'ken; but it was.setting the wheels spinning round a little .too rapidly, and over the edge af Charles Lamb, and under the shadow of a pair of white eyebrows, peered very of ten two watchful, fatherly eyes. _ ' Don't you think, Polly, you are just— a little — overdoing it now V he suggested one«= night. ' I am trying a short tale or.two, dad. Little . extras, for the magazines —to confront the- poor rate, and bring peace to the. confiding heart of our butcher.' She spoke lightly, but Mr^ Smith was. in.no wise deceived by her manner, Her's was a 'speaking, face- 'that did not deceive) one very of ten, and the color had gone from it of late days, and even some of the lustre had flickered out of the eyes. 'You have been writing from. 9 this. . morning,' he said warningly. '. 'Nine is rather -late to. begin,' ' And there goes. 13* by Joye-!' 'No, by Big. Ben,, dad,' said his daughter, . . trying to put a humorousaspect onthfi matter ; but Mr. Smith did not smile at the joke. He turned to -the fire and spread his thin bauds before it. and Mary Smith, looked from , her manuscript to the bowed form crooning over the flames, with the skull-cap awry, and the silver hair straggling beneath it. A very sad and neglected, old dad indeed, .she thought, at last. . 'What a time it is since we played -chess !'? she remarked. : ' Yes. Two months.' : 'And you are so fond of the game.' ' I was once. It makes my head ache now.' 'What a story- teller!' was the, candid: . observation here. ' WelL I want you to get to bed to-night,' he confessed. ' I caafjb Bleep, directly after writing,' she said.. ' I Me awake and stare, and have heart burn and dizziness, and eee ghosts.' ' I said you wereoverdoing it.' 'Nonsense, dad J' she cried. ''I have a . grand capacity for work, that's alL' The' manuscript masJiuddied away into hex desk -a&ffe;&sppke;, and the; desk closed with a , bang- Two minutes afterwards* chess table and meni - were : between . her : ami Let father, . and they, wercehortly deep -im the. intricacies ofthegame. The.gamewas not a langtone— Mr. SmUto played. chess very mush -asi a_man plays 6ki«&s-and;'i)o.wled..bis;j-wbite; forces about untiihe was.utterly routed aBddiacom fited. Then hevsat .amitirtgat his own. defeat, and looking: down; at the* posiifcnjB-hieh; had: led to a niDstsummaity.cheoknttadB. ' Norr- yoaarftJiDb iixed ont.PoUy;,' he.said. 'Upon-iny word;, you: played; that -. game excellently^' 'Shall we play lanotbei-J' . ' Blessjny soul, no. Not to- night.' 'Cribhage? You ueedto beat meat crib- bage once.' ? ' So I can jio w, ' he said, a trifle conceitedly, ' but not to-night.' 'Very-well. ;To-naorrow, dad, w.e will begia . earlier, and I will get up earlier too, to allow for the grace-hours after supper.' 'Ahemr— yes?— just as you «ayj' heiirepliedw 'And now, will yon do me the insxpreaslbte satisfaction of bidding me good-night and of retiring upstairs to bed V ' Yes, if you wish.' ' I mean to bed — not into your room.' ' Yes— to bed — to bed;I'*he quoted ; ' ' there good-night.' ; 'Good-night.' At the door she paused. The: -silver-haired parent seemed in no particular hurry himself ; he was actually filling Ms pipe with tobacco out of his jar. ' Are you going to sit up very late to-night,' she asked. 'Only a little while longer than usual — till the fire is lowers— and i if :you don't mind?' he suggested. ' I can rest in ? the morning as long as I like you know. No taskmasters, in big counting-nouses to growl anathemas at you for being a minute late, I am a., gentleman at large for the present.' Mary Smith regarded him attentively. 'Do I detect an emphasis on 'the present,' dad ?' she enquired, 'You domy-tJear. Candidly ; I did .give it a little emphasis.' . ' ' Then yon hav.e news forme ¥; ' Not yet. I have a little idea in niy-he»d — a faint, fugitive idea.— which' will 'probably ? come, to nothing. My- ideas. generally-driftia- that direction, unfortunately. But- this, very particular and especial idea, he remarked, .'I should ' like to consider in the seclusion of a - fiont parlor from which an- inqirisitivedaughter has very graciously taken her departure.'' He bowed with mock politeness, and there' was a twinkle in bis bright -eyes suggestive of bis having: actually arrived at a state of high spirits. Ghees had done him good, fox' great , is the power of a little cbaDge, She had. been, selfish in her new phase of hard work— if is the fault of hard, workers to be bq. SJie ,had ! forgotten the old dad from morning till night; \- '-Gcod night; then,' she said. There was nothing remarkable in Mr. Smith's sitting up after his daughter had with drawn ; he was always the last 'up— the one to go round, the house, see to the bolts, and make sure that the lights were out and the cat in. This was his province which he would never resign. And if a book came, in his. way ? crossed his path very persistently— he would sit down again and read a chapter or two. He pottered about after the fashion of gentlemen of his age;, and having wound up ms watch, and shaved for the morning, under the im pression that he should be far too busy for that operation next day, and put out the milk-can, to be replenished by an early riser in the milk trade,, who could not wait tor anybody, he would, as a rule, be heard ascending softly to bis room half an hoar or so afterwards. But there was extra business on hand that night ; Mr, Smith had confessed to it. When the daughter had gone he lighted'hjs pipe and sat down to consider it, and having threshed the matter out, he got up, crept softly about the.rpom,. lest the faint sound of his slippered feet should disturb his daughter upstaus,: opened Mary's desk, and sat down before it to write, something for himself. Oiir heroine, was asleep then,; with perfect con fidence in her Bire's precaution ana his capa bility for taking chwge of .the. lower part of, the house, and locking up pxopeily, knowing.! that. he!- was fond of. l^te hoia-a. and' .''quiet1 thinks,.' and, /'ijocd .long, reads' iwhen. the house was^tilL^she^ tiied .toUi: wirk,, and by* Hie deej. vdull -;f|pugh^ .jshifi^ ca^e, to iex, Avhen.,w«rk, was' done,' V^isUimberJng peas?, lully tm .i4gU.! -Mt^wtirS^uStt paper and.enyelope^and^at. tiibbing^niB^b^e, with along penholder, in order to collect those ideas of his of which he had spoken dis paragingly. He had a diffieult and delicate task before him, and there should be no hurry over it. He would weigh every syllable before committing himself; he would even take a copy of his letter, lest Mary should say presently that he had been indiscreet, or foob'sh, or would like to know what he really had said. This in case he was found out— for after alL he did not intend to tell Mary anything of his own free will. It was his consummate artfulness, he con sidered, to hint at revelations in the future; he was quite sure that Mary, absorbed in her work, living only for work and slaving her heart out at it, would quickly forget their little dialogue. And if nothing came of it, why he would be glad to forget it too, and be extremely sorry- that he had taken the matter in hand, and been officious and foolish. But 1 it was evident that something must be done/he thought, as he rubbed away vigorously at his nose with the penholder, an i stared at the note paper befoft hue, and wondered which was the best way to commence. He opened the desk again, after he had written 'Dear Sir, 'as though an idea or two lright be inside along with the postage stamps, . and his eyes fell on Mary's manuscript. Per haps there was an idea in that. He took it from the desk, turned over the closely written —and, worthy to be recorded, in the annals of authorship, neatly written — pages, and read all that she had done that long day before he went on with his own composition. There was neither beginning nor end to it, and the early pages of the MS. were upstairs in her room ; but Mr. Smith was born a reader, and inter ested in anything that was good. He was a fair critic, too, and his judgment was seldom at fault. He was a lover of the best books, and could repeat pages of them by heart. 'There's a lot in old Smith !' one or two clerks had been heard to say in the office from which he had been cashiered; and there was a lot in his daughter, old Smith thought that night, and even drew a deep breath or two over her pagep, and once passed the back of his hand across his eyes. ' How she. has improved ! She writes like a woman who has suffered/' he soliloquised ; ' and yet she has been happy enough,- cheerful and contented always, and had no troubles. She and I have never had. an angry word between us, and yet — great heavens ! how she can write ! Perhaps I onght not to interfere — perhaps I am doing a foolish thing. For I am foolieh — very !' He put away the. manuscript, looked rue fully at Ms note paper and. the 'Dear Sir ' that had been: dry this. quarter of an. hour, and then dipped his pen in the ink and made an impetuous dash at the baainess on hand.. ' I'll eee how it reads afterwards.. I can but tear it -up,' he muttered-; 'it's no use sitting here like a fool !' He did not stop again to think, till the. letter was completed ; he , went right on. till the ' your obedient servant, Abel Smith,' was reached, and then he read the letter -softly to himself.. ' I think it'Jl-do,' he: muttered; 'nponmy vrordi. and taking- everything into considera tion, I am sure it will do. It's very nicely put indeed— not too stiff, not familiar, not cringing, just the. thing. I've a very good mind to take to authorship myself — I'm sure it's in me.' He was not quite so pleased with his own ' production after a second perusal.. 'I hope he won't, think. I. am. hinting at — oh ! that would . never do,' he said, tumbling his white hair all ways at once with both bands, and knocking, his cap on to :thsitable. oh, that'* dreadful!' Still, a man has a.: leaning: towards his ovn composition, and on the: third perusal he folded the note up, put it .into art envelope, and, ad- dressed it to Jonathan Lovetfe, Esq., Castle Lovettt Keccleson, Lancashire. . ' Off it goes,' he-said firmly. He pocketed the letter, put his cap: on bis head, 'buttoned his coat, went into another room and changed iiis slippers for boots, took his walking-stick from the top of some hat; pegs in. the passage, opened the street daor, closed it softly behind him, and then proceeded to . make his way along the small strip of front garden to the pavement, at the edge. of -whiih, some thirty 01 forty yards distant, was the pillar-box, into whichhe intended to drop, hia.lefcter without Mary rSmitir being- a bit tie wiser. But before he had reached his own rusty iron gate--which' he was afraid1 would 'creak- most . frightfully as he opened- it — he \- had become aware that he-had not the whole thoroughfare to himself, late as was toe-hour. At his own gate, leaning upon it, with his . hands:daspingthe spikes of the iron Tailings, ' stood a -man who had been watching the house . intently, and who, taken ? by surprise by Mr. Smith's sudden egress from it, made no move ment to -withdraw. ' On the contrary, . the. watcher waited for Mr. Smith to approach. It was : as well he should face the old man, he thought. He had some rows for him, after all. Chaptee II.— Street Gossip. When Mr. Smith, was close, to the gats the man opened: it aad; allowed him to pass onfc. ' Goodrevening; Mr. . Smith,' he-said^ as they iStood.tQgetheron.the pavement. ' Jack Dodson !' exclaimed . Mr Smith-; 'why, what are yow doing her*: at this time of ? night!' . ... ' Oh ! I am often herej.' he answered, with . forced ease ; ' I live in the neighborhood.' 'Where?' . : ' A.few.streets-off.' ' Which street?' : Mr. Smith seemed, determined: to have an ex plicit answer, but Mr. Dodson was as equally . determined that he,should not. ' 'To tellybu the truth, :I,. would prefer .nnt. to giveyoBjny address,' came tha quick reply tO thJS* . ? . : ' ? 'Why not;?' was, Mr. Smith's next remark; : Mwhjj*aise,'youaBbanied3o£g''. ' . . Th«yj*were,-YaUsing o» aids. by^id« towards . the pBlar-boxj^Mr.. Smith) iK&lmg; now .his ?; letter in: hislhaad.1 - ' 'I'don-t know that I.amiashamedoLanyT ? fliing,' young; .Dodson said:in,Teply, 'hut I do not wieh it to be known, -where JliseK jnsfc at present. (I am being harassed — advertised for— by that old idiot, of a Lovett* and I am. ? determined inever to. see him.' ' ' Perhaps it's as-welV' was thedry response. . ' How' do I know it .is nota;plotto arrest me?' . , 'They would have got hold of you at the. : theatre, had they wanted' to lock you iip. ' t 'Youknow, then— -Mary haa told you about the bag*' . . ' Ma^y has.no secrets from me J' ' Gredsdous i f other i' eaid young Dodson scofiinglyi; 'hasBlie.notT-really?' Mr.: SjBditib. ? did ' not xeHsh.' ? thi3 remark; He stood upon bis dignity at oncev 'I fail to see why lam credulons^sir,' he observed.. \- 'I beg your parden. I did- not: mean to hurtg'Ottr.ffielingSi. Dorr't/muKLmei' ' The yoHHg man-waa ro ready to apologise: that Mr. Smith: immediately 'abandoned the high, and lofty tone, he had assomed. ' Is anything the mattpr. Jack 2' be asked. 'Nothing moce, than usuaLj. sir. There is always, something the matter, you know.' 'Withyou?' 'With my affairs in general.' ? ' Are you hard up ?' ' Tolerably so,' he answered,: shrugging his ? shoulders-; 'not. begging, from, door to door yet awhile, bjit.pressed a little.' Mr. Smith had ia pencil in his pocket, and he wrote something on the back of hie envelope at once. 'I haye forgotten nry postscript,-' he, eaid, in explanation, then he dropped the tetter into, the pillar-box and, turned back . with J.ack. Dodson. . 'You have not told nie why, you yrfive hanging about our house this evening*' he. said. ; 'I have been hanging^boiii; all .tha week,' young Dodspn answered; 'when the theatre, is over I generally take, this .street on my way back.' ; 'If* very attentive of you, bitt what is the useof.it?'' ' I like to, think I amneai' her, Mr. Smith,' he explained,; ' that, we.- are, onfe' a. few yards apart from- each other.'- ' Fanciful and poetic, Jack, but, rather silly, Don't you. think: so 2' ' I awixaiher^sLUy.' \- 'And sncha terrible waste of time— -tor inj.y- - Mary is not likely to be flattered by -such extra attention as that?' ''I am awaie of it. I know she bates me.' 'Not quite so bad, as. that. But she would not like it.' 'She does.bate me, sir, and that is what is making me miserable.' he replied. 'The last tune I met .her there were hatred and horror of me in every look of her. She re gards me as a thief ; she told me so very plainly. And, after all, I am not machbetter. I begin to see it in . her light now that all the. money is gone. And yet that money was in tended for me.' 'So I have heard.' 'Itl.hadonly done the right and proper thinsr.' ' Which you consider was ? ' ' To send the bag back, and never touch his money. That's what I should have done, had I had a spaik of pride left in me.' They weie standing, at thegate again. 'Yes, that would have been better,' re-: marked Mr. Smith. ' But I can't stop talking, to you here, and it's too late to ask you in doors.' 'I Shouldn't .have come, .sir. I am 'under a vow.' 'Vows are ridiculous things. Goodrnight.' ' *' Good-bye, sir* I don't.supppsa,'he aadejdi . with a wistful look at his . companion, '.that I ' sliattsee. you, or M*ry} again* TJbs, Thespian,, closes tormsicDw* and with, it my sfege. !cai-ef)iiw ' ' .. . ''..-' 1\. '5Vhafeai»ynn;1gqing.tpdQ?'': ? . .'. '' \- - ''TjiaiYG aifciqleiEk. ibi* 'Ai3^frpJ,y»- ia the.righ$,; r^)lac^,fot,TOe.'-' saia^Mfe'Dodsf-n^ ?' it^flot .sp'; f .conventional,- aBfl-Vnftvt' ideas . auit 'tha. new, Jjapds;'* ? ' - - - ? ;! '.Ohl-ypahaTOsoiaejnfinLidea8,thfiaJ'.'- ' I have an idea that would make my fortune if I liad the capital to work it out.' ' You want a capitalist to back yea ?' ' That's it.' ' Why don't you write tq Mr. Lovett?' ' Gocd-night, sir,' said Jack Dodson, walk iiig away at once down the street. It was - time to close the interview ; he had had enough of Mr. Lovett ; he loathed the very mention of his name. He would not even stop in the same street, before the identical house in which Mary Smith lived, if he were to be compelled to hear of that man again. Perhaps Mr. Smith thought that this might ba the case, for there was a peculiar smile on his face as he unlocked the door of his establishment and crept stealthily into the house, like the amiable conspirator that he was. Chapter IIL— A Little Beeakdown. Mary Smith kept her promise of beginning work earlier the next day, and her father, over the top of his book, kept a visitant outlook . upon her, the daughter being perfectly aware that he did so, and wondering why he was so disposed to watch her in this way. Air. Smith knew that there were rhyme and reason for this early beginning of work, and was aware that it was in his interest— a, sacrifice on her part, so that he should not be left again too much to himself in the evenings, but be kept amused by a daughter's companion ship. He was hardly grateful, fond as he was of his Mary ; it made him a trifle sad. He knew that in the mornings, in such. limited space as thehoueein Paradise-terrace afforded, there was no escaping tbe daily horrors of tradesmen calling for orders ; of hucksters call in g on their own responsibility with huge baskets . of glass and crockery — all flawed, but nice and showy — which were offered- in exchange fer any left- off wearing, apparel, old boots, waste paper, even rags or. bones; of collectors of. rates and taxes.; of people, getting up. small directories, . and eager for Christian and sur name of occupant, and, if. possible, for a shilling from him by way of subscription;; of school board officials; of: men, women, and children, with collecting cards, foe various worthy but exasperatiug . motives ; of . be wildered beings who had friends somewhere in. the terrace, but who had . a fondness for knocking at. the wrong, house, and were detar miped.tobe put in the right direction; before quitting the. door-step.; of beggars, and tramps,; of grinning organ-grinders,, all teeth, and felt hat held downwards fox. coin colleethig purposes ; of Equalling children with .divers., musical instruments; of peripa tetic and seedy people %vithspesimeas«£ their handicraft to be lift . at thadoor, or put under the door, ox into the letter- box, and to becalled for in three-quarters of an.hour.whenihe pro prietor had quite made np his jnindifco. what; extent he should .invest, ia .purchases; of :±be tradespeople again, bringing the goods that had been, ordered' an hour -or two earlier; -of. the boys-next door, who had knocked their ball or shuttlecock into Mr. Smith's back garden and wanted to. come through, . as Mr. Smith had so strongly objected- to their constantly getting over the wall, and bringing a few bricks down, with them on every occasion ; of gipsies with hu^e-cara vans of baskets and brooms, samples of which were flourished wildly before the parlor window; of the. man who had come at last: about .the repair, after incessant writing to the landlord,, or the landlord's agent, and who had turned iup with a hammer, at a time when it - was .worth- at least five shillings not, to have him on .the premises; of postmen and parcel delivery folk, and musty . individuals anxious, for election purposes, to know the exast state or Mr. Smith's, politics., All itnese distractions, from; which the night was almost free* and. Mary Smith1 -worlrinff- away as- if :they did:not affect her, faMyused '- to them, 39 the phrase runs,- and- bearing'them at least with much commendable philosophy. The one- thing that disturbed her was her father's, quiet study of her, and in her-room she took a steady survey of herself in- the glass to make sure that she was not lookingnll, tired, or worked to death, and- not being quite sure afterwards how sbe looked, which' is the invariable result of staring- at one's own re fit ction ; ihree days after this new regulation of things, a quarter of an hour. before tea-time, when- Mr. Smith, was looking out of the window previous to drawing the blind, down - for -the night, and his- daughter Mary was -thinking -of - lighting- the gas, which was already gUmmre-. ingr from the street lamps outside,a,nd thinking, byway of a luxury for . a-few-mmutes-of the;-, life that -was past, of -the life that was. to ?come,- and l«oking-at both oftheinia the briglftly bumiBg'feBi'her fatherBtartledherby ^sayinpr1— . 'BleBtihy s8n];'Mary.!'whois.tMsccmnngux'. at the front gate?' Surely this can'6 be'Mx. Lovett !' . . : Mary Smith was, at her father's side the next ? instant, looking over his . shoulder at. the. figure which was now. tramping ateadily.np the strip of garden path— the square, burly, un mistakable figure of the Lancashire .cotton spine er. ' Yes. It is Mr.- Lovetti' cried Mary, taken off her guard foe once.in;a way, and clap ping her hands in hex excitement.; ' I am- so: glad ! He— he hasn't forgotten us altogether, then.' ' '. ' ? . ' ' But won't he be a Uttlein the way hese?™' . 'Notatall.'. '. 'It's very extraordinary.' ' And then,; as Mary. Smith ran. into the narrow, passage and, opened the street *Iooe; to . admit him, this arch; hypocrite, of a.fatiier rubbed his hands together . and; indulged in- a sDent little laugh all to himself^ . - : Meanwhile. Mary Smith sod Jonathan: Lovett. had shaken, hands; and: exefeaaggd' greetings.,. ... ..-??.???:-'?? 'I hope I have not very: mnch surprised you,' he said; - .... -..-?? .:? ' ' You have surprised me,, certainly. ' 'Ihadbpsiness in town. Ithoflghtit.ireoBld, BotbeqBitetbething,tcigQbacktoL.an.casaice without ^cglliig.upon^ypwff'he, explained, stitt further, .'I prpinjeed Mjs, DalrympJe.tbAt 'I, ?would caBU'' '' .' . ' - '. ' ' 'SheiiBweD. Jibpe?' . ': . ? ' Asfwell .as .thejw.eaiber . Jets ' her .bei, . We-: haiVe.it very-, ©oki inriaBsashireiTaboftt^tfaws time^feebwjingwe&ther;, butifcihaxdiyBuits mysiEter altogether.' He passed into the parlor along, with Mary.; Smith, and'Bhook hands with Mary Smith's,' father .grayejy and deliberately, .:.' ? ? ... . 'I hope I am welcome, Mr. Smith ¥' ? . ' '? W©are very g^ad^to see you— r'both- of -ns,'-1 was ;?? the reply, . and .'Mr. S inith .wheeled ? his - ea6y*cbair witiiin comfortable distanceof ? the fire and took charge of- Mr. Lovetti's- hat ,and stick, and pot them in *a- eafe- plaee- on the : little chess-table in the corner, Mr.. Lovett- . keeping .his. eye- on him until he was qaite eure where hispuopertyiiad been stowed: 'You- have ijbt bad- tea,,! hppe?' said Mr; Smith-; 'we tea early asu- rule,~becau3e Mary likes-a long evening for hex- work. J-: 'What work?' asked Mr.- Lovett,' quite sharply. - . ' Her -literary- work.' ' 'Ah.!.yra— of coarse. Xhad forgotten: the novel-.writingj:fox a; moment^'.* hersaid.- ';Yes,.I shjall be gkd of ra .cup cftei.— any amount of: tea. IhkYebeeiiaboutLLQadDnagDQddealtor. day.'' 'Youhavenot dined,: perhaps J' said Mr. Snciiih;; 'mfe have a joint, ofjcoll=-rr-'? 'Yes, I have, long ago,' interrupted Mr* Lovett ; ' I dined in the city — and 'exoelfently ? well, too, for one-and-ninepeuce. I thought I ' I might-'run' against: you ih the- city,- Mr* Smith;' ? ' Itav.eleftthecity,'said Mr. Smith. 'Altogether?' and Mr. Lovett elevated his eyebrows, and appeared to be greatly astos ishedi. Very-^nuch^too attomshed, Mary Smith thought, as he-took his seat and folded his . hands together. ' ' Yes ; altogether,' repeated Mr. Smith. ' ' WeU; vow are- not an ? old man— it ' willrtwt . be difficalt to find_a afresh occupation, I'dare say,' said'Mr.. Lovett; 'MayiT ask how old' . you really are ¥' ??? ... 'EftyfiW ? ' Gompa^atively youngs s-r. 'pronounced the ? owner- ot Cattle 'Lovett, ' with-- years of' work . left in you. What one might alcaost'caK the prime ofilife,' ' 'I' have- clipped- pasti ray' prime, Mr; Lovett,Mwa841ie.lausa&ig;' reply; 'boftl,'h*ve all niyvfaculties«ti]l»' ' Nofca- doubt ©fit. I could ?' get youhalf a -. dozens good bettiis if you were living my.wayi' ' 'Lancashire way?'* enquired Mr.; -Smith, .. ? innocently-^-very much: too innocentlyj .Mary - Sffiith.-conaiiiJered in this instance. ? - 'Yes^ Lancashire way, I' mean.' ?' ; Mr. Smith laughed again. 'I shouldn't object to a, decent salary— even Lancashire way,' he said, 'unleasMary- has any- particular love for London and ' London life, and work in the great city- I . ba re never asked her. It has never stmck me about living in the provinces until — until just noWi' 'My work can at least be carried easily with me, and done anywhere,' said Mary Smith, ' that is the one advantage of author ship—but I have not thought of living from London till just now, as father said.' ' Ahem ! my dear,' observed her. father, . with a nervous little cough'; ' I suppose- not/' 'We can discusB this another time, ' Mt. Smith,', said Mr. Lovett, with his old fixed stare at the party -whom he was addressing; ' I will make a few^ enquiries when Iget'home again. I have not the least doubt of putting, you into harness — and good -harness teoy' 'Thank you. I shall be indebted to yon, Mr..Lovett.'' __ Then- the SBbject was; dismissed,', and rM^xy-. Smith made tea for Mk Lovett'and'her. f**^?*. andiitoBght whaVa strange little 1»a,-partgr i£ was,-«nd1joHr.-Hi-! jtseeraed thajt-th? owaerof: Castle Lbvettshbnld be isiftinirin the.f&n;^lx- aim-chair opposite,, as mueh si' home' ajid/ati ' , his ease as thongliie was^ iti thjq big''drawrflg; ?tandiwoi!BjLe«e1i-'ff mia^p^^fBntp^rnOT'b-ek'.:' 