THE KNEBWORTH SPECTRE. ; Many years ago, Lord Castlereagh, afterwards' Marquis of ' Londonderry, wept on a visit " to Knebworth, the seat of Mr Bulwer, father- of 'the first Lord Lytton. Knebworth could boast, 'even in those days," a haunted room, and this apartment was' put aside for Lord Castlereagh, without nnv unkind intention on the nart of his host, however, as the ghost which was supposed to visit this chamber very seldom mado his ap pearance. So rare, in fact, wore his visitations that hiB existence was not even suspected by any o'f- the servants then iu Mr Bulwer's employ., Lord Castlereagh arrived at Knebworth late in the evening,, re tired early to rest, and went quickly to sleep, only noticing before closing his eyes that a comfortable wood firo had been lighted in the quaint, -old- fashioned fire-place;: opposite to which /stood: tho foot', of -.liis bed.;. Suddenly he awoke, with the unpleasant con sciousness that he was not alone in the room, and, looking up, he saw, to his great amaze- meut, that somo ono was sitting, by the hearth, resting his head upon his hand as he leant for ward In his chair, and apparently gazing in tently, into the fire. Greatly surprised at seeing a stranger in his room, Lord Castlereagh sat up in his bed, and was further as tonished to see that tho figure was that of a young boy, with a profusion of long yellow hair, and clad from head to foot iu yellow garments of a picturesque and medieval fashion. "While Lord Castlereagh was still won dering how so strange a figure could possibly have gained access to his room, the Yellow Boy turned slowly round, looking steadfastly for an instant, drew his hand rapidly across his throat, and vanished. Next day Lord Castlereagh re lated to his host his curious experience of tho night before. Mr Bulwor appeared somewhat horrified at wluit lie heard, but ho endeavoured to make light of the matter, carefully concealing from his visitor tho popular superstition that the apparition of tho Yellow Boy not only fore told a violont death to tho man who saw him, but also left no doubt as to tho manner of the death that he should dio. Strangely enough, a few years later, Lord Castlereagh committed suicide by cutting his own throat at his country residence in Kent— a fact which, taken in con nection with the apparition of the' Yellow Boy, was certainly a curious coincidence1 if nothing more.- Lady's Pictorial.' 