THE HORSE AND HIS SENSES. Tho horso comes iulo tlio world, says the Ohio Farmer, with his five senses in full vigor. His ears aro so arranged that they can bo turned to catch a sound from any direction. His uoso is large, and he can scout his friend or enemy a great way off. His mouth is so mado that he can tell what ho is eating hotter than yon or I can. His feeling is as delicate as tho touch of a blind man, aud his eyes are so placed in his head that ho may havo a largo field of vision. And yot his mastor, man, who does not like to be doprived of any of his senses, shows a lack of even horso souse when ho puts bliuds on him and drives him. Why should not a horso see anything approaching in tho rear as well as from tho front ? Why not put blinds on him when you rido him or turn him out to graze ? Why not hinder tho proper oxc- roiso of his hearing, smell or lasto? Tho horso is tho only animal, savo tbo mule, that is blinded. Porhaps his . (tho mulo's) heels might bo leathered with more proprioty. Blinds cover tho most handsome features of the horso. What is prettier than tho full hazel eye of a horso ? Can u horso reason ? We say yos. Then can not ho como to a hotter conclusion when his eyes aro not obstruotod ? Tha horse should seo tho whip in tho driver's hand and know when all the members of tlio family aro seated. If ho oan'tseo tho whip be soon learns to hear tho driver pull it from tho whip socket. More horses run away becauso thoy cannot see, but hear tho ghost than if tlicy oould seo and boar it too, as seeing often dispels all fear. Nature put a handsome suit ot hair on tho horse, and yet men uso tho clippers. And what for ? Tho man who would do so ought to be stripped of all clothing aud made to stand in tho cold till — well, till ho could praotico tho ' 'Golden liulo." All horses when warm should be well blanketed, aud iu fly timo well nottod, as stamping nt tlio flies will stiffen tho joints and worry tho animal. It was a humane act to ccaso tuo practice of nicking aud decking tho tail. Tho horso is one of man's most useful animals, nnd wo ought to treat him kiudly. Don't let us mako him "go it blind" any more. 