SPORTING. MELBOURNE HUNT CLUB RACES. Melbourne, October 2. The Spring meeting of the Melbourne Hunt Club was held at Flemington to-day. Owing to the threatening aspect of the weather the attendance was very sparse. His Excellency the Governor and suite were amongst those {iresent. During the Hurdle Race Lottery fell and killed herself. The following are the re sults of the various events: — 6EUJKG RACE, Five furlongs. AmbHradress, G st. 11 lb, (Guy) 1 Sorcerer, C st. 11 lb. (Wilkinson) 2 Bnip. 6 *t. 11 lb. (Eedfearn) Jf Garibaldi and Relieux also started. Betting—7 to 4 against Sorcerer, 2 to 1 Ambassadress and Snip. Sorcerer and Ambsstadress were first off, acd led to the distance, where Snip came up, but in the race home Ambassadress beat Sorcerer by a head, Snip being third a lead behind Sorcerer, Garibaldi and Relieux finish ing in the order named. Tims, 1 min. 4| sec The winner was bought in for £45. HUBDLEBACE. One mifa and a half and a distance. Louis, 9 st. 101b. (O'Brien) 1 Kevenge, list. (Floyd) 2 Joey, 9 et. 7 lb. (Smith) 3 Olher starters—Distiller, Tantaliser, Mid night, Wild Dog, Encore, Geraldine, Marion, Fan, Lottery, aud T.B. Betting—7 to 2 against Tantaliser, stol Marion, 6 Louis and Geraldine, 8 Revenge, 10 Joey. Revenge was the first away and led past the stand, followed by Lottery, T.8., acd Geral dine. Rounding the torn much the same order was maintained. At the hurdle on the hill Lottery came down, and Joey ran to the leader. At the back Distiller unseated his rider, and Joey went to the front. Revenge again assumed the lead at the abattoirs, where Louis came up and led into the straight, closely followed by Revenge and Joey. In the rmce home Louis won comfortably by about two lengths from Revenge, who beat Joey for second place by ? similar distance. Wild Dog was fourth, then Encore, Marion, Fan, with T.B. last. Tantaliser afterwarde cautered in. Time, S ruin. 5 sec HUNT CLUB CCP. Three miles. Curiosity, 11 st. 4 lb, (Mr. W. A. Menzies) 1 Baldy, 11 st. (Mr. Griffiths) ~. 2 Robin, 11 st. 12 Ib. (Mr. Watson) 3 AbdaUah, Albatross, Civalier, and Sara also started. Betting—C to 4 against AbdaUah, 5 to 1 Albatross and Kobin, 6 Cavalier, 10 Cariosity. Sara led past the stand and soon had 20 et gths between her and Cariosity, who was her nearest attendant. This order was main tained right round the course, AbdaUah being third, followed by Albatross, Baldy, and Robin, and Cavalier a long way last. Rearing the stiaight Ccriofcity supplanted Sara, and those two led pact the stand, followed by BUdy, AbdaJlab, Robin, Albatross, and Cava lier. Rounding the turn Mr. Menzies took a pull on Curiosity and allowed Sara to come ui?. Round the back Baldy went up to Curiosity, and Sara dropped back. Baldy assumed the lead at the abattoirs, but Curiosity was first into the straight. In the i&ce; house Curiosity won easily by 12 lengths from Baldy, who was a similar distance aheai of Robin and Cavalier, who came on fourth a long way behind. AbdaUah came down at the last jump, Sara having fallen two jumps before. Time, 7 ruin. 17A sec. ILAT RACE. One mile. Middles arch, 7 it. 101b (Power) 1 liogmanay, 7 st 4 lb. (Robertson) 2 Salvo, C st. 12 lb. (Wilkinson) 3 Othtr flatten —Dualop, Gardenia, Ghost, Huron, Sedition, Claptrap, Clarendon. Duke of Athol, Levite, Kohai, Moroney, Islander, Western. Douglaston, DonGiovan, Highland Chief, Devotion, First Consul, Cestus, Sara, aid Report. Betting—3 to lat first, then 10.to 1 Kohai; 5 to 1 Levite and Don Gtoi-an, 100 to 15 Middltmsrch, 7 to 1 Ghost, S Duke of Athol, 10 Gardenia, Clarendon, Hogmanay, and Devo tion. Devotion took the lead shortly after the flag fell, Huron, Douglaston, Cestus, Clarendon, and DonGiovan keeping dote up together. At the sheds Cestu? led Kohai by a length. Turning into the ttraight Don Giovan was in front, First Consul being next, followed by Kohai. Half way up the straight Hogmanay came thiough on the outside and led, bat Middle match followed suit and shot out from the ruck, be challenged Hogmanay and beat him hi me by three-quarters of a length, Salvo w<u thud, tben came Huron, Gardenia, DoujU- ton, Claptrap, and Fittt Cuutni, Seditiou beiug las*. Time, 1 min. 42} eec. STECPLtCHASK. Two miles. Sir Samuel. 9 st. 7 lb. (alcLesd) 1 Reticent, 10st 121b (Fergu&uu;) 2 Brown Eagle, 11 at [Floyd) 3 Songster, Kulkyna, and Wiekliffe also sta>Ud. Betting—7 to 4 ftgatntt Reticent, 4to 1 Sir S?n:cel, f? Br?wn E*^le, C Kulkvue. Kulkyne vm nrw ??sy ?od led into the straight, eutcriug which Wickliffis fell. Kul tj ue wo* tint past the e(and, followed by Sir S&iLuel;, Songster, Reticent, and Brown Eagle. Round the turn Reticent went to the front, and at the bridge had a long advantage of brown Eagle, Songster, Sir Samuel, and Kulkyne. At the back Brotm Eagle went up tu the leader, but soon dropped back beaten. Sir Samuel meanwhile improved his position, end at the abattoir* was on level terms with Reticent The two raced away from the field, and negotiated the last jump both together. A grand struggle up the straight resulted in a win for Sir Samuel br three quarters of a lergth. Kulkyne was third about 40 length* behind; then came Brown Eagle and Songster. Tin:e, 4 ruin. 44& sec SAPLati: STAKES. Mistletoe, by Boiworth—Star of Love, 7 st. 4 lb. (Fiddes) 1 Horteose, 7 st 5 ib. (Robertson) 2 Harridan, 7 Bt. 51b. (O'OonneU) 3 Other starters—Firebrace, Patience, Eclat, Carnival, Upper Ciurt, Citadel, Glenworth, Albert, Lodaoa, St Michael, Teuton, Alex andra, Lady Lovell, Design, LiedertafeL. Lt-ttbg—3 to 2 against Hortense, 4 to I TtutoD. 7 Carnival and Mistletoe, 10 Patience, telat, and Harridan. slistletoe was very fractious at the post and bulted two or three tiatee. When the tiig fell Carnival and Hortense were the quickest away, Firtluace acd Alexandra coming up at the tan. Enteiirg the course proper Carnival retired U-ateo. Mistletoe came at the distance, and won a fine race by three-quarters of a length from Hortense; Harridau was a bad third; then came Ldedertafe), Citadel, and Eclat. Time, 51 sec. 