CHESS NOTES. Mr. H. K. Torode, who was a fellow-pas senger with tne late Dean Russell on board the Wavarino from England in 1354, has shown us a set of chessmen which Mr. Torode cut with his pocket-knife for the Dean?s use on board. The Dean officiated as chaplain, and was very agreeable to bis fellow-passengers, doing all he could for them to relieve the tedium of the voyage. How would a collection of the best games ever played by Steinitz and Zukertort any where compare with an equal number played by Paul Morphy.- ? The answer (says the Gin . cinnaii Gazette) is easy. They wouldn't com pare at all. They belong to another and in : ferior grade of.ability. If anybody has been deceived on this point by the egotistic claims of Steinitz and Zukertort, let him examine the nine games of the pending match. Morphy could have given such blunderers Pawn and move with ease. The friends of, Morphy never had to plead that he was "out of form." The London correspondent of the British Chess Magazine writes to- the April number:— My friend of Purssell's amongst his other . notions holds very firmly to the idea that good chesB-players are short men, and instances Steinitz and Zukertort as strong proof of the truth of his theory. I asked him what about Blackburne? "Blackburne may be looked upon as being only an exception proving ■ the rule," < was his reply, " but I am of opinion that _ nature made a great mistake in making him so tall; now had he been only 5 feet 2 or S inches no one would have- bad a .ghost: of a .chance with him !" ".What facts haveyou to; go upon for your theory," I enquired. f' Eacta,.sir,iacts 1 Why common observation. .Look ..at Potter, or Gunsberg, or Masofi, all short men, every one of them. Yes sir, and look'at'Lord, who.ha3 just drawn with' Hirschfeld in the St. George's and City match. Why, had he been a six footer instead of the neat 'Httle man he is, he would have been playing-at the bottom insteadJ of the top,and'a poor, player even then!" I looked .at my friend's own stature, and asked' him' what he thought nature had done for him1 in the matter of body. "Scurvily, my dear sir, most scurvily has she treated me I own. Ido envy these little7 men." Well, well, thought J,; every-man to his.humor! . -The Nuova Bivista degli Scacchi, in its: double > numher for. January-and February, only lately . to band, publishes the programme of the Fifth; Italian. National. Tourney, which was . to com mence at Rome on March 15. There were to be two:tourneys,, one for masters, the other ajhandicap. In?the former,: the prizes- would be—First prize, 1,200 .lire,-or £50psecond prize, 7 700 lire; third pri ze; .400!. lire; fourth, prize,$250 lire.. In . therharidicapthe.firstprize was,to_.be 600 lire, and. the rest in proportion. 1 .Thefollowingopretty verses :by the Rev. J. Pierce-.appear in the April ^number of the British: Chess, Magazine under the heading " A Gamerof Chess (opening, ratheri irregular)." A pleasant sight to see Alice andMaud, ;Withi8eriau8 looks intent, .Over.the checkered board ,On harmless mischief heat. The stately-Maud,; with rippling-, nut-brown hairl And voice like chiming.brooks ; Alice, as sunshine fair, And soft, appealing looks. Broken the play by lively interlude (And this we like the best) Of silvery laugh, subdued. That meets the sparkling jest. The saucy "check," anon the false alarm, The flush on Maud's fair face, Lend to the game new charm, Brightness and joy and grace. The fancy comes that one would like'to stand As yon tall Knight and; proud," Clasp'd by that gentle hand, To its sweet service vow'd, Amid the reeling squares our way to make, Fill'd with, devotion's breath, The serried files to break, And then to die the death. A fancy vain; the while the fight goes on, The busy warriors pass, Clash and are quickly gone, Till comes the coup de grdce. And so the game is done; no doubt the play At times was very queer, Some plots went all astray, And some were far from clear. Well, there is Chess more sound and hard and deep That may be found elsewhere; Still in my heart I keep That picture ever fair. 