WAIF 8 BY ZEN 6. A correspondent is good enough to inform me that "Erebns never was the God of Chaos, according to ancient mythology." " Thanks .worthy friend for the lessi n thou has taught." But "what is writ is writ — > would it were worthier." " Ignorance my ' good air, sheer ignorance," as Doctor John son or somebody else remarked. Tt has been my fortune or misfortune, — for T cant say that lever "tron<ered any do lai s " iu the business — to assist uiidi r various skies and in various capacities — from Hotiy. Scretaey to Ticket Taker, at all sorrs of charity shows, Conversaziones, Fete Champetres, Bazaars, ami the like. Eirty in the sixties— I think in 63 — but my memory is getting somewhat shaky aud I wish " to speak by the card lest equi vocation undoes me," a real "big thing" in the shape of a Baz-iar was organised in the Empire City of the United States, it was for the benefit of the " wounded in the. war," ami the preserva tion of the graves of those heroes who fell at he terrific tight at Cemetery Hill, on the bloody field of Gettysburg, ami of course the indefatigable Bartiuiti was.asusnsl to the front. It was then he perpetrated a clever hoax, aud as I was " in the swim," and do not remem ber having seen the story in print in the colonies, 1 tell it here. For some days the curiosity of New York had been awakened aud kept alive lay blazing advertisements of all sorts and sizes which read somewhat thus — Behold and read, Will be exhibited at the Bazaar, and Never before seen in any Show on earth, a Fully developed Male Infant, half of whose body is Perfectly Black. This wonderful pheneuout was born in Ken tucky, and accompanied hy its mother lias beeu secured by Mr Barnum regardless of cost. After the visit of the President The show will he open to the public. The day of opening came. The President with Chief Justice Cuase came also and in due course were ushered in to tne special apartment where tins precious phenomenon held his court. Some of lis were very dubious as to how the joke would be taken. But B.rnuin knew his man, and judged correctly that Old Abe would be the first to appreciate it. The " sell " consisted in the simple fact that when the visitors entered all they saw was a particularly well preserved tiegress nursing a negro baby. " Why," they oaiurany exctaimei.1, Halt of whose bodv is perfectly black, but what's the other half?" " Well, that's black too. I never said it wasn't," replied the inimitable showman, without as lunch as the ghost of a smile, neither indeed had he. For four daj's the secret was wonderfully well kept. The Tribune , Sun, and Herald gave its good notices, aud crowds flocked to see and be sold. After that someone " blew the gaff," any how it was a great success, and Barnum was able to add a goodly sum to the Treasury. I suppose it was a case in which the end j 'istiti.nl the means. In any case I know New York Uity innghed over it for a week. In " Our Note B >ok " Illustrated London News of Feb. 13rh is rhe following ; — " Many unmes are remarkable for their oddity, many more for their inappropriatoiiess, of the for mer class, Neptune. Blood and Preserved Ftsli are typical illustrations among the latter, we have abundance of brave cowards, slow hares, living deat.ii riders who never yet were on a horse's back. But oddity and iuappro. priateiiess can seldom have been more per fectly combined than by « Innocent Bibe Esquire who on Feb. 3rd 1721 was convicted at Dublin of the crime of perjury." To which I may add that in the year 1843 in the city of SMtsoiiry, the uatne of the leading Baptist Minister was Isaac New and the uaine of the leading lavnian in his church was Jacob O.'d. This is from notes on popular science, by Dr. J. E. Taylor, whose name is a sufficient guarantee that it is not a near Yankee yarn. As a matter of fact it has nothing Yankee about it. Mr Nordenfeldt, the celebrated gunner, has illustrated the old proverb that truth is somet'nies stranger than fiction, for he has out-rivalled the French novelist, Jules Verne. The latter once gave an imaginary realistic description of a fairy like ship which moved in instead of on the sa. ?o does the new submarine boat invented by Nordetifeldt, which he has just explained in a lecture delivered before the United Service Institution. This boat goes by steatn and .will travel 153 miles without re coiling. They can descend or ascend the depths of the sea at will, and can sink for the purpose of applying a powerful torpedo or a charge of dynamite to the bottom cf any man of war. When bis boat arrives withiu such a distance of the enemy that it may be discovered all it. has to do is to descend into the water and advances up to striking dis tance entirely submerged. The only crew required for this marvellous sub narine biat are three men who can remain submerged for six hours. They can carry with them two Whitehead torpedoes each with a charge of 300 lbs dynamite, and with such power that no steel nets can ward off the blow of these weapons." Surely in this new submarine boat the very highest water mrkof destruc- tiveness is reached at last if not— where is it? 