AN AFFAIR OF MONEY AND OF HONOUR. D'Esterrp, a noted Trish duellist, and afterwards shot by O'Connell, had been one of the most gallant ollicers in the navy before he became a Dublin wine merchant, in which business he embarked about the beginning of the century. It would appear, unfortunately, that he did not bring strictly comnmercial habits into his new order of life. When he put his name to paper, the discounter of his acceptances might safely, as a general rule, deduct, with the interest, the price of the "pro test" as well, and even leave a margin for the cost of the writ, which would require to be threatened at least, if not served, before the obligation would be attended to -and satisfied. One day, Billy Kirwan, a well-known bill-broker, of great wealth and equal shrewdness, was offered, as he sat on his accustomed window- sill in the courtyard of the Commercial, Buildings, it bundle of liills for discount by a merchant who had taken them in the way of busi ness. It was Mr. Kirwan's boast that he instinctively knew bad " paper" by the feel of it. "There's bad paper in your lot-I can perceive, sir, without taking the trouble to look over it seri-ah-tim et lite-rah-tim," remarked Billy, who had been originally intended, by his pious Galway parents, for the Church, and had in his boyhood a decent converse with the preliminaries of the classics. "1Fosnum habet in coran," he continued, "as a body might say to a spavined horse. You had better remove it, if you playse, sir, before I have anything to say to you; for I wouldn't touch it with a pair of kit chen tongs, much less dirty my hands with. it." "I am astonished to hear you say so, sir," said the merchant; " and would you be pleased to mention what it is in my hand that encounters your objection ?" "Why, a certain acceptance signed H. D'Esterre, and if you must know .my opinion, I would not advance the, value of a brass button on all that a jackass could draw on the same security." " And why not?" For a rayson I have; and nobody knows it better than Mr. D'Esterro himself," an swered Kirwan. As Mr. Kirman was sitting alone after dinner the same evening, enjoying his pipe and his glass of punch over one of 'Ghlee's latter leaders in the Evening 'ost, or, just as probable, one of Dan O'Connell's earlier speeches in favour of Catholic eniancipation, the servant came in with a card from Colonel Henry. ""Who's Colonel Henry P" demanded fKirwan. "Faith, and it's myself doesn't know him fronm the man in the moon." \- "Rowl in the colonel; and lay another tumbler !". said the master of thei house. Colonel. Henry, a tall anid gentlemanly looking man of middle ago, was ushered in. " Mighty: glad I am to see you, Colonel, wllhatever you've come about," said our host; " but before you begin I would ad vise you to mix a tumbler of that excellent Johullsy Power that's forenint you. If you take it off at once it will pull you throughl the opening part of your business plea santly and comfortably; and then you can mix a second at once to prepare you for contingencies." Colonel Henry having taken Kirwan's advice,'sb far as mixing, but not suddenly absorbing the liquor, opened his business with all the grandeur of a perfect Sir Lucius, as in days long gone by Jack Johu son used to enact the part, not Tyrone Power. The colonel very much regretted that it fell to his lot to have to deliver it hostile message to a gentleman of such respect ability as Mr. Kirwan from one equally respectable and estimable as Mr. D'Esterre. He repeated theinjurious and insulting expressions which the gentleman whom he had the honour of addressing had made use of in speakingof his friend during the day to a certain merchant in the Commercial Buildings, and which had travelled the round of the city before nightfall. He pointed out, moreover, the utter impossibility of Mr. D'Esterre allowing such an outrage on his name and character to be uttered and sent forth to the world without demanding the satis faction of a gentleman. "'lhen, colonel, honey, come to the point, and just tell me what it is that you want," demanded Kirwan. "An apology or the alternative." "Which means that I must eat my words or fight P" "Most decidedly." "It can't be done for the money." " For the money P" "Yes, for tile money. I'd be glad to accommodate you, my dear Colonel, in any way in my power; but the money stands in my way most completely and entirely." Coloneli Henry looked bewildered. Kirwan's argusmentuls as. crumlnic'ui was evidently beyond him. "What money . -whose money ?" he exclaimed. " Why, sny money, to be sure; the money that your respectable friend, Mr. D'Esterre, owes me this last couple of years-nothing more nor less than a cool hundred, independent of interest and x. penses. I lent it to him at first as a matter of business, but on his pledged word of honour that he'd return it to me at the time he promised; and upon my honour and sewl .he hasn't done so from that day to this." The colonel doubted what he had to do with the money question. "Everything," said Kirwan, "in' the regard of your not having the ghost of an argiument on your side when you ask me to apologise or fight." Theo colonel still could not see it; but his opponent very soon made him, in this wise. JIe'd be a liar and a coward to apologise, or in any way retract what he had said and still felt of D'Estorre, so long as D'Esterre chose to act dishonour ably towards him ; and to go orit and fight him would be to act like the biggest fool in existence. " Blood-an'-'ounds ! Colonel," said Billy, "do you want me to fight against my own money? On the other hand, D'Estorre may hit me." " Very true," observed Colonel Henry; "hut (he added) will you, if I satisfy you on the money question -" "If you pay me-that's the chat I" roared Billy. "Pay you-certainly; that's what I mean; but will yeou then fight ?" " Like a trojan, Colonel," cried Kirwan; "anything to. oblige you, anything for pence and quietness." "I shall see you to-morrow gsorning again, Mr. Kirwan," said the colonel, rising and formally bowing to his host, who vainly endeavoured to make him take another jorunm, "just to show there was no animosity between them." " You'll have your friend ready in the morning, when I call?" asked Henry, as he turned for the last time. " Tlat's my intention," responded Kir wan, " and all my wordly affairs settled." Colonel Henry did not see the face of inimitable drollery that Mr. Kirwin as sumed as he uttered the last observation, for his back was turned, and lihe was half way down the hall doorsteps hailing a passing carman. Next morning, the gallant hearer of the cartel was at the house of the challenged party, who received him most graciously, " But your friend, Mr. Kirwan ; I don't see the gentleman to whom I expected to be presented," exclaimed the colonel, look ing not a little surprised. "Layve that to me," Kirwan remarked very coolly. " Business before pleasure, if you please; have you brought my money ? Let's settle that before we proceed to the sintimental part of the matter." "Certainly," replied Henry. "Here's a hundred-pound Bank of Ireland note at your service, which discharges my friend's obligation." " And here's a receipt for the same, with an apology for your friend, which he and and you would be the most unreasonable man alive not to accept and be thankful. " What, then! you don't intend to fight after all ?" exclaimed the colonel, on hear ing, what appeared to him an extraordi nary declaration, and perceiving the per fectly ridiculous result which his grave embassy had at length been brought to. "Yon won't fight ?" he repeated. " Not I ! Colonel, honey; and that's as sure as my name is Billy Kirwan. I un say all I have said of your friend, and apologise to him and you in the hand somest manner." " I can't just at this moment see," rumi snated the baffled envoy, " how my princi pal is to come out of the affair creditably in this fashion !" " He comes out of it with flying colours, for his fellow-citizens will think more of him when they hear he has paid his debts than if he had shot Billy Kirwan." The celebrated bill broker of the Dublin Commercial Buildings thus brought this, at first sight, formidable-looking affair to a successful conclusion, according to his notions of common sense and common honour. Even in a duelling age, and by a fire-eating generation, people said, when a quarrel took place and a money grievance was at the bottom of it, " Settle the latter first and the former afterwards;" and before running a debtor to the wall, "Take Billy Kirwan's advice, and don't fire against your own money !" 