DOMESICAST CONVENT, GOOD WOOD. The ceremony of solemnly blessing and open ner the new convent at Caora, Goodwood, was performed on Sunday, January 24, by His Lordship the Eight Rev. C. A. Reynolds, D.D., Roman Catholic Bishop of Adelaide. A temporary sltar was prepared at the end of the main corridor of this large and handsome building, and the first part of the ceremony of consecration was here performed by the bishop, who was supported by the Rev. Arch deacon Eussell (vicar-general), Dean Nevin, and Fathers Sullivan, Gandolfi, Healev. O'EeUly, O'Brien, and McCluskevT A W« number of visitors were present, and attended in the corridor. A procession was then formed, and the three storeys of the building were traversed, the bishop sprinkling each room with holy water, the St. Patrick's choir, under the leadership of Mr. Naylor, chanting the litany of the saints. On arriving at tie large schoolroom the ceremonial of blessing it was gone through, and a crucifix was erected. The procession then wended its way back to the extemporised chapel, the choir in the mean while singing tile litany of the Blessed Virgin. The Bishop then delivered an adddres. He said it was barely ten months since they asked the benediction of God on the foundation of the building and the oratory attached to it, and to day they came to ask Him to take possession of it for His honor and glory. He need not enter into the particulars of the object of the building. They knew it was for conscience sake that they had made sacrifices to erect it, -in order that Christian and secular education should go hand and hand together; for, let states men say what they might, the two were in separable. Separate them and you rear up a race of infidels; and many non-Catholic divines, even in Australia, were seeing the error of the step they had made in throwing themselves into the aims of secular education and its abettors. The Protestant bishop of Melbourne had raised his voice against it ; so had. others who had passed away, such as the Protestant bishop of Sydney ', and if the rest of them were true to their instincts, and manful enough to declare them, they would also go in heart and hand for denominational, otherwise re ligious education. And yet, when the Catholic Church is concerned, they all united against what they termed the common enemy. The common enemy ! What would become of them if the Catholic Church did not exist? The very fa«t of her existence gives them vitality, let her cease to be for a moment, and they sink into utter annihilation. The common ,enemy indeed! was she who by her authority — divine in its origin, and strengthened by the Holy Ghost — arrested the folly of the people when it rose and went beyond the bounds of righteousness. It was she who corrected the excesses of HngB, for she knew no distinction between the king and the ' beggar when the honor and glory of God was in question, or when religious principle was concerned. Tney knew the sacrifices they had made during the last twenty-five yeara, and these were the be3t proofs of sincerity to their non-Catholic fellow colonists that they were determined at any cost, at any sacrifice, aye, or at any hazard, to secure for their children a pure religious educa tion, together with that secular knowledge which would fit them for their various voca tions in life. The Vicar of Christ had raised his voice on this subject often and often, and he had recently done so once more when he saw from the public prees and from the declaration of the English bishops in Synod assembled what sacrifices were demanded of them in regard to religious education, and how they were ready, as their forefathers had been, to lay down their lives to maintain it. It was a glorious thing for us in Australia to be neld up as examples not only to the English bishops but also to those in America, The Vicar of Christ said— 'Look to the young church in Australia ; they have made sacrifices, and have partially succeeded in keeping Catholic education in their own hands, and in defraying the expense of it.' That was the highest eulogy that could be given to the Catholics of Australia. 'Big holiness had recently issued a letter to those self-sacrificing English prelates, which was given in full in Saturday's Advertiser. That was the voice of the holy father, not only to Catholics but to other Christian people who are earnest in their wish to preserve the Christian revelation, and who believed that religious teaching must go hand in hand with secular training. They therefore thanked God who had enabled them to bring this work to a happy completion, and in tbe name of the Sisters of St. Dominic he thanked the Catholics of the city and many of their non-Catholic fellow- colonists who had stretched out a helping hand in raisin? this noble pile, knowing it was a home for good women who had given up the world for the purpose of devoting themselves to the Catholic training of the young, and to_ the bringing-up of non-Catholics who might be entrusted in them in the Christian idea that God is the beginning and end of every work, that Jesus Christ is our Saviour, and that to him we must look for redemption. He must also remind them that there was still a debt remaining upon the place. They had spent over £6,000 upon it, and he confidently hoped the debt would be cleared off ?next year , if not this. He knew the times had not been prosperous of late, but he asked them to give each according to his means. An .offertory was then made amounting to £50, and the ceremony cloBed with the benedic tion. 