An Unmasked Card-Sharper. THE BTOEY OE" A TOURS MAN WHO WAS DETECTED CHEATING AT A CLUB. THEY were discussing the latest scandal. A young man of good connections had been ignominiously expelled from: a club. Playing in collusion with a professional gambler, he had cheated at cards, and in a few months had won a considerable sum. "And has he killed'himself?" asked Borne one. 1 "Bah!" replied another. "Do men Mil themselves for BO little nowadays? Itwasdil rent in the good old times." " In the good old times, as yon call them," said old General Eoy, " those who adopted the card-sharper's profession killed themselves no more than do those of the present time. A few exceptions there may have been among those who were detected at the outset. But if th9 first attempt succeeded, they did as they ? do to-day, they quickly accustom themselves to their degradation. Ah, it is so easy 1 "When respect for hia own good name will not restrain a man at the first step, it is entirely dead within him, and even a scandal will not revive it. By the way, I ean tell you of a curious case in point, where the hero blew out his brains, but ib was not .suicide. No, strange as it may sound, it was not a suicide. Listen: "1 It was some fifty years ago. The press of that time was not the terrible gossip that it is to-day, and sensatianal news never passed certain bounds. There were not fewer soan dals, but the scandals were less known. In fact, I think there was rather more. Not that we were more virtuous, but the fear of pub licity is certainly a great check. " Among the elegant young fellows, the gilded youth of those days, who furnished the greater part of the soandalous gossip by their eccentricities and duels, was a young gentle man attached to the king's household. I shall call him the vicomte * Boland. The name was an illustrious one; in fact, the vicomte was the fruit of one of those mixed marriages introduced by Napoleon I. Gene ral Comte Boland, whose heavy cavalry charges are matters of history, had married the daughter of the Marquis de Bransac, a member of one of the wealthiest and most powerful families of France. His son was then about twenty-six yea?B of age. He had not the robust, plebeian beauty of his father, who had bean one of the handsomest men in the army. He was rather the delicate and distinguished grace of his mother, whose idol he was. Having loved her husband pas ionately, the countess was now wrapped up in her son. " The extravagant life led by the son hacl cauBed a quarrel hetween the parents.^ The countess lived in the Branaao Hotel, one of the finest in the Faubourg Saint Germain, while the general, secluding himself in a little chateau in the foreat of Senart, passed his time in the pleasures of the chase. They say he had ill-treated his wife, hut it was . utterly untrue. The fact is that there had been between the general and hia wife two terrible scenes. " The first was caueed by an idea which took possession of the countess. She found this name .«Boland' too plebeian for her son, and tormented her husband to obtain the king's authority to add to it that of Da Bransac. The general energetically refnsed. "'My name has sufiiced for me,' said he, ' for me who have made it famous. It will clo for this fine gentlemen, my sou. If he does not fii}d it bxilliant enough, let him try to add to its lustre.' " The second scene was brought about by the vicomte abducting a ballet dancer, and by a duel and a debt which were the consequences of this little affair. The goneral brought''the son before his mother and roughly'reproved him for hia folly. Instead of supporting her husband, the counteHS made excuses for her son. Women always are. indulgent toward the man in a love scrape. "Aa the general told his son that his for tune was not sufficient to maintain Buch scandalous absurdities, the countess un happily interjected: " Oh, the fortune of the De Uransaos will amply suffice for him. ." She had not calculated the effect of her speech. An hour later the general left the hotel and went to his chateau; at the end of a week the family notary informed the oountess that her entire personal fortune was at her disposal. The separation was complete, and tho general lived alone on. the fifteen thousand francs which constituted the revenue he received from his own fortune. " The son made ducks and drakes of her fortune. At the end of six months the coun tess was half ruined, and the energy of the notary alone saved her from her son's extra vagances. "All at once it became known that the vicomte Boland no longer belonged to the king's household, and that he had handed in his resignation as lieutenant in a cavalry re giment. That is what was given out, but rumours of a different character were afloat. The countess no longer appeared in public, but confined herself to her hotel. In a few weeks she seemed ten yeara older. "The vicomte, after a voyage'of some weeks in Italy, returned to Paris, took apart ments in the Hue de la Chausi-6a d'Antin, and lived the life of an idler on the pension of a thousand francs a month allowed him by his mother. It would be little to-day; but at that time it enabled a man to make a figure in the fashionable world. He passed his time between love adventures, the theatres, and the green table. Then little by little his elegance and his eccentricities began to be talked about. Clubs were not as plentiful as they are now, but the gilded youth and the gamesters had a few of them where lovers of the green cloth could amuse themselves. "Ono evening when the Vicomte Boland, after having won a considerable sum from one of his friends, offered him his revenge, his opponent rose, and pushing away the cards, looked at him in a singular manner. "' Well, no, Eoland,' said he; 1 what with your luck with women and your luck with cards, you have too much luck for one man.1 "Eoland, though somewhat cholerio, de manded no explanation, and contented him self with laughing. " Some days after, the Prefect of Police announced himself to the general at his chateau. What passed between them I do not know. All that ia known of the affair lis that they returned together to Paris. ' " At eleven o'clock of the evening following that interview, the vicomte as seated at a% table playing ecarte. He had just won ten successives games from an Englishman, who, . passing through Paris on his way home, had been introduced at the club by one 'of the mepabers. Eoland had a considerable sum before him. The loser had just .risen, and before leaving the table had bowed thrice, when an elderly gentleman apnroached the table. "5 Will the Vicomte Eoland permit m9 to "take the gentleman's revenge ?' " The young man paled. It was his father. " ''As you are a bold player, I offer you a bold game. It will be useless for yon to say that it is too high; Bead.' And the general handed him a note folded twice. "The vicomte glanced over it, and "shud dered visibly. "' Do you accept ?' " He bowed. The general seated himself opposite his son, cut a king, and dealt the cards. He won the first hand. When it was the.vicomte's deal he trembled slightly, and a strange light shone in his eyes; nevertheless, he played on. The general won again. " The vicomte rose, pale as a ghost, and in a smothered voice said : "'In an hour, sir, I shall have'acquitted myself." ' \ " He left the room without another word. " On the following morning the guardians of the Bois de Boulogne brought in the body of the Vicomte Boland. His head wa3 blown to pieces, his hand still grasping the pistol. In a portfolio was found an unsigned scrap of paper, on which were the words: The loser will blow out his brains. " The pretended Englishman was an accom plished card-Bharper, sent by the Prefect of Police. The three bows had been the sign agreed- upon between him and the general to indicate that the vicomte had cheated. " The game was one for life and death between father and son. Both were dis honored-the eon by his own aot, the father by the son's. But this dishonour was a secret, which threatened to become an open shame. Death could stifle it- the son's death or the father's, for. the stern old soldier would himself have disgraced his son had that son not kept their pact. The price of the general's secrecy was his son's life."-Tro -Translated from the French ofEdouarcl Siebecher. 