(Etormtt potes. The weakness of the United States navy has long been a source of anxiety to patriotic Americans, and the Government, fully recog nising the necessity for a better system of marine defence, has lately made a splendid addition to the armed fleet by building the s.s. '* Motncan. This vessel was con structed at San Francisco, and was believed to be capable of sending any European iron clad now existing to the other end of infinite space. Her trial trip, however, according to tne Ktc York Hrrtdd, has been somewhat disappointing, though the nation are still confident, and declare that as a coal hulk she has few equals. She was launched on the 20th of last October, and walked the waters of San Francisco Bay like a thing of life. Her engines, which are said to be of about 5000 mule power, were set in motion, and she started for the Golden Gate at a splendid pace, while the small boys ran ahead along the shore, and cheered from every point and headland as she passed. The first ten knots were accomplished in two hours and five minutes, but though four big boilers were doing their best the result did not satisfy the engineer, who was anxious to accomplish the quickest trip on record. The two remaining boilers were accordingly brought into requisition, but just as they were getting into operation something gave way, and sent one officer and half a stoker to cleave the blue ethereal vault above, from which region they have not yet returned. The 44 Mohican ' was laid up for repairs, and the captain retired from tbe service, being called home on private affairs of so urgent a nature that he did not even wait to complete the trip. The vessel, however, started again with a new commander, and under better auspices ; and with some incarnate demon of recklessness at tbe engines she sped away at the rate of eight knots an hour until out of sight of land when she stopped again for repairs. After some temporary patching it was resolved to I run for Pichilingue, on the Mexican coast, so the crew were put on short allowance, aud ! prayers offered up for the safety of the vessel. I On reaching harbour sbe was ducked and ' carefully overhauled, where it was found tliat I her condition was, after all, much better than had been anticipated. A new bottom and ' sides were all that was urgently required, the keel and stempost proving on examination to be still thoroughly serviceable. With characteristic recklessness the captain resolved to proceed on hb voyage, and once more the '* Mohican ' faced the billows of the wild | Pacific, heading now for Acapulco. Only half the distance, however, had been accompbsbed when the engines once more came to a ?»d- stOL and for two days the huge vessel drifted about at the mercy of winds a»d tides. This time itappeared as if witch-eraft had been at work for no effort could discover the cause of the mishap, until, on the third day after the disaster, the engineer accidentally ascer tained that the fires had been allowed to go out. At Acapulco a few new hands were shipped, several of tbe American crew having died from old age ; and ultimately Panama was reached in safety. It was then decided that the original intention of taking the 'Mohican' round via Cape Horn to New York must be abandoned, life being too short for such an undertaking ; and it is uncertain whether sbe will lie at Panama until the canal is completed, or be taken to pieces and brought back to San Francisco by train. Still tbe American people are proud of her, and even now it is confidentiy asserted that when she is rebuilt and supplied with new engines she will be a capital vessel to swing at anchor and overawe the enemy. A general im pression is abroad that as a Naval Power America is not quite played out yet. The number of societies with which every important British and Colonial city now swarms is something fearful and wonderful to contemplate, and every day new ones are coming into being. The foundations are very easily laid — all that b wanted being an hon. secretary, a free lunch, a minute book, and a long-felt public want. Societies of all kinds fill the columns of the daily press with their announcements— Highland Societies, Cockney Societies, Societies of Men who drop their H's, Societies for prosecuting Clerks who embezzle the Petty Cash, Societies for tie suppression ot Temporary Insanity, and last, though not least, London now possesses a Society for the Investigation of GtaostB, which will possibly prove more valuable than all the others combined. The funds of the last named institution are spent in renting deserted houses ; and the members pass their nights in damp corridors, and behind moth-eaten tapestry, or lying under bedsteads, or squirm ing up haunted chimneys, in the vain attempt to catch hold of even the tail of a spectral night shirt, so that they may stop and question some visitant from the spheres. Banshees have risen to an alarming premium in lie market, but probably the Land League has driven them from their ancient haunts, and very few are obtainable. As yet the society has only one goblin to its credit. This ap parition is now serving a term of three years penal servitude, for investigation proved that it was in the habit of haunting other people's ancestral halls in preference to its own ; it had also a fondness for family plate, and paid regular quarterly dividends to its fortunate proprietors. In spite of their Ql fortune, however, the members of the Investigation Society have accumulated a great quantity of valuable information about spirits, and some of the facts they have ascertained are worthy of preservation. The popular idea about the n6h:material character of goblins proves to be well founded, and there is reason to believe a whole spectral genealogical tree, if boiled down, would not yield more thf-Ti an ounce of Liebig's Extract of Ghost The cause of their walking about the eartfr instead of remaining peacefully underground, is uud to be irrigation, or raider want of drainage. No ghost can spend his whole time in a damp tomb without contracting an illness which might prove fatal, and if he comes out to dry now and then who can blame him. The hoUowness of his tones when be condescends to speak is owing to bis having nothing in side him : literally, he is ' 6Ued with the east wind,' and not having seen a good dinner for, perhaps, two centuries, it is not surprising that he is somewhat empty. The partiality for churchyards manifested by modern goblins is the direct result of over crowding. Coffins are often buried two or three deep nowadays, and when the senior ghost, who is naturally at the bottom of the pile, wants to revisit his ancestral home, he has no means of escape except by forcibly ex pelling those above. But it frequently happens that the latter have no home to re visit ; a spectre which ended its days in the poorhouse, for example, has no desire to return there, and take a fond look at the skilly and the parish beadle ; so they loaf about the cemetery and read the inscriptions on the tombstones, until the overbearing spectre who expelled them thinks fit to re turn. Whether apparitions have their re gular evenings out the society has not yet been able to ascertain, and thongh it is taken for granted they are built of some substance, however impalpable, no reliable analysis has been made. The ordinary ghost, it is found, does not get his clothes made to measure. He is invariably dressed in slops of tbe sloppiest description, and is always holding up the tail of some nondescript garment lest it should trip him up. His aspect is sorrowful, as if he almost wished he were alive ; and his expression resembles nothing so much as that of a policeman who has been detailed to run in a fighting Irishman and a bull-dog. Some second-rate spectres have been made out of a turnip with a light inside and this species, when boiled, make excellent soup ; but these lie beyond the sphere of the society's investigations, and do not require any detailed description here. Tut advent of Lord Carrington in New South Wales has drawn renewed attention to one of the most reinarkabhj social phenomena of the time- viz., the rapid and unprecedented rise of the Smiths, of which m^rL ?n,^CeU'inCy ** » r^t member. Their advancement has been especUlly marked of late years, and as the spread of democratic ideas has now opened out a fair field for every Briton of mergVand intelligence, their inborn genius is npmZ bringing them to the front. The origi, of the family is so remote that it cannot be traced mth any accuracy but jh, disco,,™ of several fossilised Smiths among the rocks of the oolitic period is in itself sufficient proof of their antiqaity. Previous to the year 1 there seem to be no authentic records of this remarkable race, and as they are not men tioned among the unclean animal H who | entered the Ark thete may possibly be some , troth in the tradition, which asserts that several prominent Smiths escaped on a raft, and thus preserved the name from extinction. Undoubtedly, however, a great number must have perished at the Deluge, for it is not nntQ many years afterwards that they again emerge from obscurity. The legend that one Pharaoh Smith reigned in Egypt during tie period of the iBraeUtzsa captivity is too shadowy to be admitted to a place in history ; and the claim recently set forth that Jonah and the Whale were both members of the family must be accepted with caution, for even modest men are apt at times to sacrifice truth far the gr&tificatiou; of ancestral pride. Bat Benhadad, the hero-king of Syria, belonged undoubtedly to this remarkable race, and his courage and ability entitle him to be regarded as one of its greatest oma menta. After his death unfot tunately, another great gap appears in the family records, and though there is reason to believe that a number of Smiths gained undying glory in the commissariat department of the Philistine army their names have not been handed down to posterity. In March, 1135, however, the veil of ohliviou is lifted, and the family once more rises from the mediocrity to which it had sunk. At that date John Smith was hanged at Durham for stealing a hog, and thus an honoured name re-appeared in the pages of history. The next two hundred years were spent by the Smiths in minding their own basiness, by which they grew rich ; and a further period of three centuries they devoted to looking after the concerns of other people, an occupa tion that proved equally profitable. A taste for science and art sprang up in the family in, later years, and the names of Dirk Smits, the Dutch poet, Gaspar and Lodewijk Smitz, the painters, Smet van der Ketten, the antiquary, and Martznus Smigletius, the Polish theo logian, are in themselves sufficient proof of the versatility of their genins. In the eighteenth century, however, the sudden rise of the haughty and overbearing house of Brown threatened for a time to reduce them to insignificance. The head of this upstart family was Charles Brown, Duke of Places tia, who was for a time a member of the French Consulate; but their greatest strength lay in Central Europe. The two families met, sword in hand, on the blood-stained field of Loaowitz, and there the Austrian*, headed by Marshal Brown, swept the Prussian troops before them in a pitiless rout, nearly three hundred Smiths being aiBflnjg the dead. This estimate, more over, is probably below rather than above the actual number, for the calculation was made several days after the battle, and nothing is added for decomposed Smiths, who were un recognisable. After this disaster the family seem to have abandoned the practice of seeking glory at the cannon's month, rightly con cluding that the other end of that implement was much the safer of the two ; bat they still served their country nobly by mule-driving at the rear of the contending forces. Regard ing their military career, however, mention must be made of Captain John Smith, who had the honour of being scalped by the Indiana in Virginia about the year 1624. During the present century the Smiths have mostly trodden the paths of peace. Kingdoms are now won oftener by Able diplomacy fch«.p by the Bwocd. and the steady rise of this remark able family gives us reason to believe they may yet win nack the throne of which force and fraud deprived their great Syrian ances tor. Solid ability goes further in the end than shining frilwif: and it fr*' frw*1 truly ob served that— For borini: iu the tree ol life, imd getting out the No mortal can excel the *''i who bears the nine of 