C AMI OLA: A GIEL WITH A FORTUNE. Br JUSTIN McCABTHY, Author of 'Miss Misanthrope,' 'Maid of Athens,' &c.; [Published by special arrangement with the author All rights reserved.] Chapiee XLIH.— Pilgeim Gives his WAENtNG. .Wight was blackening down upon the place as Pilgrim turned from Vinnie's door. After he had steadied himself for a moment or two he made a wild rush forward ; he rushed like one in pursuit of some victim on whose trail he has suddenly come. All the passion of his heart was absorbed into hatred for Walter Fitzurse and resolve to be revenged upon him. Nothing being actually known to him he magnified Fitzurse's guilt altogether ; at least he magnified its deliberateness. He was convinced that Walter had set himself again to fascinate Vinnie. He did not even know whether Vinnie had not been the cause of the quairel between Walter and bis wife. In the bitterness of bis heart he wished he had never helped to save Vinnie from the river. If be had not told Romont that she was likely to come there to drown herself Bomont never wculd have known, and she would have been drowned. Better that, a thousand times better, he thought, than to live to be deceived by Fitzurse. He began to ask himself whether it would not be an act of mere justice if he were to interpose and kill Fitzurse before it was yet too late, before Vinnie had really been brought to grief and shame. Dreamers of Pilgrim's order are dangerous men when their dreaming gives to their hatred the form of an act of jugfeico. They are apt to make that dream a reality. Pilgrim was himself now ' distinctly conscious that he was moving like one in a dream. The men and women who passed him in his rapid way might have been shadows. If a ghost come from the grave had walked by bis side he would not have been surmised or dismayed. Nothing could seem to him more spectral than himself; phantoms appeared, vanished, and reappeared around him as he went. Suddenly he was brought to a stand by a short odd figure which came in his way and barred it, This proved itself no phantom. Tbe thin piping voice of Jethro Merridew spoke out of the night and shadow which seemed to Pilgrim to be within his own being as well as without it. He turned wild wondering eyes on the little man. ' Whither awav so fast, fair cousin ?' Jethro asked. Since it had been found that Pilgrim and he were connected by marriage Jethro had taken to callinc him ' fair ennain .' Th«v haA been brought together a great deal by reason of the enquiries they had to make, and Pilgrim's kindly melancholy nature was always full of compassion for the half-crazed old man. 'Who rides so late,' Jethro went on, 'in night and in wind? Hurrah! Hurrah! the dead ride fast ; doBt fear to ride with me ?' ' I'm in a hurry, Jethro,' Pilgrim said, after a gasp or two and a determined effort to pull himself together. 'Life is alia hurry,' Jethro said, 'and life and death ride together a good deal ; just like the pair in the ballad I've been quoting from.' 'Aye, that's true; they do, indeed,' Christian answered grimly. ' Do you know,' Jethro said, laying his thin hand on Pilgrim's arm, 'I believe I shall have glad news soon. What wind so sweet as that which brings to parent heart the wandering child ?' 'Have you heard anything?' Pilgrim asked, trying hard to keep down his impatience, and fearing that it would overmaster him before he could get rid quietly of poor Jethro. ' I have been dreaming dreams ; I have seen her in my dreams come back all bright and glorious; .1 have dreamed the same dream again and again. She comes in grand pro cession, like a fairy queen. For as I am a man I think this lady to be my child Cordelia ! Oh what happiness, it -will be when she comes.' Tears were big in the old man's eyes ; Pilgrim could see them even by the light of a Fitzurseham gas lamp. Fitzurseham was very chary about its local illuminations. In all Pilgrim's own distress he could not but feel a pang of pity for Merridew. In the contem plation of Merridew's craze he felt himself grow for the moment less wild than he had been. ' Let us hope she will come some time soon,' he said soothingly. 'God is very good; and you have waited a long time.' Then bis mind went back to its own grievance again, and be said, ' I too have been waiting, a long time, a long time.' ' You ? What have you been waiting for V Jetbro asked with some interest. He was shrewd enough on all matters but those which concerned his lost daughter and the certainty and manner of her return. ' You have no daughter to wait for.' 'I have been waiting for everything that makes life worth having ; and I have not got anything I waited for. Perhaps it was near and somebody came between. Look here; Jetbro— suppose you knew your daughter was coming to you — -' ? . ? 'Suppose I knew? Man, I will tell you I do know ; she zs coming.' 'Well — suppose at the last moment some one — some man — came in between you and her and took her from you, what would you do to him?' Jethro's eyes blazed with the fire of hatred and insanity, and he clutched Pilgrim's strong arm with his thin fingers while he almost screamed out— 'What would I do to him? Whykillhim; kill, kill, kill him to be sure. Are you mad, Pilgrim, to ask me such a question! Let me look at you.' He dragged Pilgrim under the light of the lamp, and peered into his face with fiercely eager stare. ' I think I must be getting mad, indeed,' Pilgrim said, ' when I talk in such a way to you. I ask your pardon, Merridew. I was thinking of something else. I am going on this way. I hope to hear good news from you soon.' Pilgrim was growing ashamed of him self and of his lack of self-controL ' You do look strange, though,' Merridew said. His flame of wrath had suddenly gone out. 'You do look strange, and it is a wild night, a naughty night to swim in, as the mad king says. Go home, Pilgrim. It is not good to be abroad on a night like this. People who are out to-night are apt to get mad somehow. I am a little queer myself, and our old friend, Watty Fitzurse— that self- conceited young burlesque i_iochinvar, that ran away with the rector's crazy daughter — he seems to me to be as mad as a hatter.' 'Why? How? Have you seen him lately? ' Saw him just now, or bis ghost ; it may have been a ghost, in the old churchyard, down by tbe river— river .that rollest by the ancient walls where dwells the lady of love — when she ? ?' Pilgrim did not wait for any more of the quotation, bnt ran in the direction of the churchyard. The gates were closed, but he knew well enough the easy way of entrance over the low wall which poor Vinnie had crossed on tbe night of her forlorn enterprise. He went in, and wandering along one of the paths saw Fitzurse seated on the river wall and gazing on the clouds which were drifting over tbe sky*. In truth Walter was trying to conjure poetry out of the place, tbe hour, the evening clouds, the river, and his own darkened destiny. He had got on to the track of something rather fine when he was aroused by the crash of Pilgrim's feet on the gravel, and he stood up. 'I have been looking for you,' Pilgrim said sternly, 'Yes? What then?' ' I don't know what then, and I don't much care. They want you at the rectory. Mrs. Pollen told me to find you.' ' Thank vou : I will eo.' ' Stop ! that isn't all, I saw you with Vinnie LammaB this evening. I saw you talk ing with her.' Walter did not like this, but be had to make the best of it. He kept down bis anger. 'Well, why should I not speak to her? I have known her a long time. We are old friends.' 'Friends? Friends? You have been the girl's worst enemy. She was free of you at last; and now you take to persecuting her again. You let her alone ; listen to what I say ; if I find you ever seek out that girl again or go near her or 'try to have any secret talks with her — nund I give you fair warning, and I'll keep my word ? ' ' Yes. what will you do ?' Fitzurse ^ras not wanting in mere physical courage ;~T)ut' there was something unnerving in the manner of this strong prematurely bowed grey man straightening himself up with a fierce and resolute effort, and approaching nearer and nearer with livid face and glaring eyes. Walter shrank back instinctively — he suddenly remembered Pilgrim's great strength. Pilgrim caught him with both hands, one hand on each side of his coat collar, and held him there, steadied him so that he might look more directly into his eyes, and said in a deep hoarse voice — . ' I'll kill you— kill you dead— dead !' Then be loosed his hands so suddenly that Walter staggered bask like one breaking away from some fearful temptation, Pilgrim, scrambled on to the river wall and dropped from it down upon the ledge of strand, which the tide now left bare below. The drop must have been some fourteen or fifteen feet at least ; but to Pilgrim's mood it seemed as easy as stepping off an ordinary sidewalk. The very manner of this sudden and strange dis appearance enhanced hi Walter's mind the un canny and ominous nature of the whole scene. Pilgrim seemed like one possessed by a demon. His words sank into Walter's heart and filled him with a gloomy presentiment of ill and danger which he had not quite shaken off when he reached the rectory. Chapxbe XLTV. — Cahiola Stih -. Intercedes. What was the feeling which filled Camiola's heart when she heard the' news that bee lores was safe thus- far, and that he had proved him' self a hero? Mrs. Pollen, we may bs sure, watched the expression on her face very keenly, and soon came to a conclusion. 'I see,' she said quietly. 'Your ate get ting reconciled to yourself, Camiola ; now that Georgie has turned out so fine a fellow.' Then she stopped purposely, and noted the sudden contraction of Camiola's eyebrows and the look that seemed like a hasty protest. 'No; I didn't mean that, Camiola.' ' Didn't mean what, Mrs. Pollen ?' ' Didn't mean what you were going to dis claim. I said you were growing reconciled to yourself; not to him. What you were think ing of was— he can do better without me now.' Camiola colored. 'Yes,' she answered; ' that is what I was thinking of ; that was what first came into my mind. They will be all so proud of him, and he will be so delighted that I think, perhaps, he would not want me so much now. But I almost wish you hadn't guessed it all the same.' ' I didn't guess it ; I never guess things; I saw it ; I read it in your eyes.'. ' Then I wish I had thought of closing my eyes just at the moment,' Camiola said with a smile that was far from gladsome. ' £ wish I had closed them, and kept them closed, until that thought had passed out of my mind. But it doesn't matter much after all. You know so many things about me, you may as well keep this thing a secret as all the rest.' 'Just so,' Mrs. Pollen said complacently ; ' I do know a good deal about you.' There was a strange conflict of feeling in Camiola's mind. She insisted that if Georgie wished to marry her she must still marry him ; she knew Mrs. Pollen would work heaven aud earth to prevent her. She was sometimes im patient and almost angry at the sort of mas tery over her which Mrs. Pollen assumed; she was often almost inclined to resent the per sistency with which Mrs. Pollen maintained the cause of Romont ; and yet she clung to Mrs. Pollen as to a protecting power, as her last de fence against a marriage with the young hero of the Egyptian fight. She felt that it was as Mrs. Pollen had put it ; Mrs. Pollen was fighting Camiola's own battle against Camiola herself. Just as this feeling came [clearly into her mind, Mrs. Pollen suddenly said — 'Yes, Camiola, and I'll win the battle in the end, you'll see !' The girl positively started and looked amazed into Mrs. Pollen's face on thus finding the hidden thought of her bosom instantly trans lated into words, the moment it became a thought distinct enough to be recognised even by herself. ' Shall I tell you how I got to that ?' ' Indeed I should like to know. It seems to me positively marvellous ; like witchcraft.' 'Witchcraft? No; not even wit; only observation. I saw the expression that came over your face when I got up— these sudden expressions are the flash-lights that guide me always, the expressions that come before the mind has any time to compose itself and make its mind as to what it ought to think, and feel, and all that, don't you know ? Well, the ex pression on your face was just like that of a child who has been scolded by her mother and yet is afraid from some movement of the mother that she is going to be left alone in the dark, and doesn't like it. Now I have been scolding you very often lately, and you.have been angry ; but you seemed for that moment as if you were afraid I was going to leave you in the dark. Why ? Because you feel that I am fighting your battle against yourself, and you begin to think that I may win in the end. There you are, Camiola — 'that only is the witchcraft I have used,' as the immortal bard, I think, expresses it.'. Camiola said no more on the subject. Christian Pilgrim presently came in looking as pale and distraught as if he had seen a ghost, and told Mrs. Pollen that he had seen Mr. Fitzurse, and that he had no doubt Mr. Fitz urse was then at the rectory. ' Then we'll not go over for a little yet,' Mrs. Pollen said to Camiola. 'We'll give them an interval to arrange a treaty of peace if they can. I think I'll have my dinner now. Come and look on. Mr. Pilgrim, let them light the music-room. Well go thereafter I have devoured my food, Camiola.' The devouring of the food was not a very lengthy operation. Mrs. Pollen was a poor eater. Camiola, with her healthy, young appetite, could nave eaten twice as much. ' There,' said Mrs. Pollen, 'I was so hungry ; now that's done with. I am glad to be past the time when women have to affect not to be able to eat anything.' ' I am sure I never affect anything of the kind,' Camiola declared. 'lean eat, and I care not who knows it.' ' But, then, do you known I think you are rather wanting in affection ? I fancy a little affection adds charm. I sometimes wonder you can fetch the men, Camiola. You don't seem to me to do anything to attract them.' ' ' I don't attract them, except my unfortunate George and ? and, yes ; very few others. I didn't attract the right one— in time, anyhow.' ' I suspect you would have found that you did, if only you had been a poor girl. Young men of spirit are sadly afraid of being thought to make up to a girl for her money.' ' If I loved — cared for a girl — if I were a man, I shouldn't stop to think whether she had money or not, 'said Camiola grandly. Some of this talk went on as they were going through the long corridor to the music room. Now Mrs. Pollen opened the door of. the room, and they were going in. Camiola, who was first, drew back in surprise. Walter Fitzurse was theie, standing right before them. Nothing could be better composed and more pictureeque than Fitzurse's attitude. He stood with bis back leaning against the door through which he had entered, and his arms folded. His eyes were fixed upon the carpet. His face was absolutely colorless, ffia lips were firmly set together with the expression of one who is now made up for any fortune. There was, however, a slight penitential stoop of the shoulders which seemed to appeal to the charity and indulgence of those _ who might look upon a forlorn youth, victim to errors which he did not propose to defend, but victim also of an adverse fate. It is very difficult sometimes for one to analyse correctly one's own sensations, and say whether the compound of emotion under certain circum stances has in it more of pleasure or more of pain. It would be hard for us, therefore, to say whether at this moment there was more of a feeling of pleasure or of pain in the melo dramatic heart of Walter Fitzurse. Certainly be felt like a ruined man; but then he also felt that the part he was playing was delight fully romantic. ' You did not expect me here,' he said, in a low and pathetic tone. 'Do not go, Miss Sabine ; I have nothing to say which you may not hear.' 'Stay, Camiola,' Mrs. Pollen said deci sively. 'No, I certainly didn't expect you here. How did you get in ?' ' Oh !' He spoke in a voice oi surprise and pain. ' Have you already forgotten, so soon in the history of my misfortunes, that you once classed me among your chosen friends, and that I have still your key to let me in ? ? I saw the lights; one of your curtains is not drawn. I wanted to see you, and I am here.' ' Well, now that you are here, suppose we all sit down.' Walter placed chairs with an indecribable air of dethroned-prince about all his move ments. ' You have been to the rectory ?' ' I have. It is all over.' ? ' She will not go back ?' ' She will not.' 'Have you seen her?' 'No, she will not see me; she refused, abso lutely. Her father and mother both besought her ; but she would not. Well I don't blame her. She might have forgiven, perhaps, but she could not, and heaven knows she has had much wrong.' 'She has had very much wrong,' Mrs. Pollen said sharply. 'She has; I said so. Every one will say the same ; every one is against me. No one feels the slightest concern for me.' He looked at Camiola and he saw that a look of pity came over her face. She did feel pity for him, be seemed to penitent and so lonely, but she remained silent. ' If I could have seen her—if I could see her yet,' be exclaimed passionately, 'I think I could move her. It cannot be but that she loves me still.' 'Ob, can't anything be done?' Camiola interposed, unable any longer to control her feelings. Walter sent her a glance of the prof oundest gratitude. It was with a feeling of almost ecstatic emotion that he found himself the object of her interest and her sympathy ; for so he read her pity for him, her affection for Janette. '? Thank you, Miss Sabine,' he aaid in a low tone, ' you have not steeled your heart against me.' 'Miss Sabine's heart is still young, and tender, and foolish,' Mrs. Pollen said. 'Miss Sabine doesn't know quite as much about that paragon of animals, man, as it has been my misfortune to do. Well, about anything being done, the question is, what can be done?' 'If Miss Sabine would plead for me,' he was beginning. ' But she won't,' Mrs. Pollen broke in per emptorily. 'But I have,' Camiola said; 'I have done it already, I have said what I could, and it was -quite in vain.' ' Even to see me and hear me— ^even that ; I ask no more now; surely she might concede that much !' 'I asked her,' Camiola said pathetically, 'and she wouldn't.' Mrs. Pollen was growing impatient. She was afraid Camiola's kindly heart was likely to be imposed upon by what she considered to be mere acting and attitudinising. 'Well, the best thing is,' she said, 'for you to go away now and leave me to think of what can yet be done, if anything can be done. Suppose she will not see you, what then do you propose to do ?' 'The best thing for me would be death.' 'Yes,' Mrs. Pollen said, after a pause, as if she had been seriously, considering the matter; 'I rather agwxj wftb you there ; I think that would be the best way out of it for all parties ? ' 'Mrs. Pollen!' Camiola pleaded, 'bow can jpnV 'Well, he can't live for ever, you know,' tbe imperturbable lady replied, ' but he is not going to die just this time. So we may put that out of the question. In the event then of the thunderbolt failing to he sent to strike yon down, or the earth not opening to swallow you ; or what is just as likely, your failing tv drown or poison yourself, what do you propose to do ?' ' You are very hard on me,' he said with a flush passing over his face as he felt the sting of her pitiless -words, barbed by her utter disbelief in him and contempt for him. ?' What do you think I ought to do ? Would you like me to go away, to become an exile ? I will if you like.' 'Becoming an exile is, I suppose, heroic for going to America or Australia ? No, that isn't my idea. My idea is this ; stay where you are, go on with your work at tbe bar and your literary career, if you have any ; stick to your work, bite into it, shake off once for all your rubbish and nonsense, show your wife and your wife's people that you have some stuff in you, do that and act like a man and even yet things may come right with you. Above all things drop play-acting. See yourself as you are, and try to be something very different. A man could live down all this and much more ; be a man, that's all I have to say.' ' Then, you don't wholly abandon me, evea yet?' 'I? Oh, well, lam rather a bad lot. I stick to people sometimes when all decent folk have felt compelled to throw them over. I'll see if I can do anything. A good deal will depend on yourself. I tell you candidly, Ian getting tired of vou. I think the best thins you can do now is to go. Leave me your ad dress and I will write to you when I have any thing to say. Of course you are not going back to the house that belongs to Mr. Lisle.' ' Never !' he exclaimed, with indignant em phasis. 'Unless I go back at Janette's wish and the wish of her parents.' ' Quite so,' Mrs. Pollen said grimly. He bad intended to go back there and to keep there as long as he could, and she knew this. She knew it by the sudden fervor of his denial. He laid upon the table bis card with his We3t-end club address — he loved a West-end address She nodded to him as he was going. He. looked bo unhappy that Camiola could not help holding out her hand in pity to him. He took it, bent over it, and pressed it to his lips, and was gone in a moment. ' How could you let him put your hand to his lips ?' Mrs. Pollen asked. ' I couldn't help it. I couldn't bear to see him go away like that. It is terrible to see a human creature, a man especially, brought so low and so crushed. Ob, I couldn't help giving him my hand, I couldn't, I couldn't. Don't we all say every day in our prayers that we are miserable sinners? What hypocrites we are if we don't mean it, and what awful humbugs if we do mean it and yet are pitiless to other sirmeis. I can't do it.' ' I wonder now many last chances he is to get?:- Mrs. Pollen asked after a moment. *' Well, I don't mind. Suppose we give him another? What do you say ?' 'I would give him another,' Camiola de clared witb promptitude and resolve. 'I would give him twenty others. I think it is terrible to have these two separated for ever ; they must have loved each other once. I don't recognise my dear old Janette at all in this.' ' Well, I was always a woman of softness and of sentiment — I am like Richard the Third, I am 'too childish — foolish, for this world,1 Camiola. Since you back up his peti tion I am prepared to grant it. Bat how can we bring it about ? She refuses positively to see him. How are we to bring them together?' ' Let him come here the day you have your mummeries ; let him mingle in the crowd and come on her somehow.' 'Would she come, do you think ?' 'She will come, I think. She is very proud. She will want to show that tbe world goes on for her all the same ; and Mr. Lisle and Lady Letitia will be glad to see her do anything which may tend to discredit anything like scandal. If she is seen at your revelries, nine out of every ten people here will think there is nothing in the whole story about her separa tion from her husband.' 'Dear me,' Mrs. Pollen observed, 'what a great deal of the wisdom of the serpent is mixed up with tbe barmlessness of the dove among you good people. Now, do you know that would never have occurred to me ? What I mean is that if I were determined to separate myself from my husband I would do so in defiance of all the world, and I shouldn't care who knew it.' ' But in Mr. Lisle's case it is so different,' Camiola urged. ' A clergyman, and a clergy man's family. Any scandal and separation of husbands and wives might do so much harm, might seem to set such a bad example.' ' Just so ; why doesn't Janette think of all that, and not set the bad example ?' 'I don't know. Her heart seems to be closed against him. Indeed, be is what people call a bad lot, I am greatly afraid. Still he is her husband, and I can't help pitying him.' 'Nothing interests me,' Mrs. Pollen said gravely, 'like the wiles of tbe simple and the dodges of the straightforward. It is to me a subject deserving of the profoundest contem plation. So we good people are all to play a little game, the rector as well as the rest, to make tbe outer public think we are not doing what we are doing. Well, anyhow, if 'this little game is to be played I think yours is a capital notion. I'll write to him, and ask him? to come, and tell him how he is to manage. Ill answer for his coming if you will answer for hers, Camiola.' ' Indeed, I'll not answer for anything of the kind now ; for all I can tell she may take some notion into her head that she ought not to go out ; and if she does I could not move her from that. I will -do my best, of course. She musn't be allowed to have any suspicion that he is going to be there. How sad it all is ! What disappointment, and confusion, and separation ? ' 'And mummery within mummery. Well, that is tbe way of life ; and I am pleased that my mummery should now have a new and romantic interest. Don't look horrified, Camiola ; I don't mean that I only care about the fun of the thing. If my mummery can help to bring these two together and make a man of that wretch I shall be grateful to it.' ' As if I didn't know you,' was all Camiola, said. Now, this mummery of which they had been talking was an entertainment which Mrs. Pollen had been planning for all and sundry in Fitzurseham, and which -was to take place in the restored and renovated Fitzurse House. It was to be her housewarming, in fact ; and there were to be dramatic tableaux and much music, and various games and sports, and eating and drinking. When the news came of Georgie's danger Mrs. Pollen thought of putting it off ; but now that he was known to be safe, that he had performed what she was pleased to call in her irreverent way 'prodigies of valor,' there seemed only the gTeater reason why Fitzurseham should re joice. By a happy coincidence a travelling circus company, attracted to Fitzurseham by the fame of the new life Mrs. Pollen's settle ment there had infused into the region, was coming with its show just at the same time, and Mrs. Pollen had a strong notion of en gaging some of its beauty and talent, its trained dogs and even its accomplished ponies, in order that her poor neighbors might enjoy the sights without having to pay for the pleasure. In. this entertainment it was now designed that Walter Fitzurse should have his last chance. ( Toic continued. J 