SPOKTIAH? NOTES. Another: distinguished- English? racipgr man; is to> pay Australia- a visit- Lordt; Carrington?e brother, Ab Hon. Rnper& Carringion, sold all tils horses in training: last month,, andi intends. to escape the English< winter by spending a few months?' with, the- Governor of New South; Wales.-. For one of' his- horses, a-, fcwo-year-oldi - brother to Bean: Brnmmell,, '* Robins Hood" states he received 1-,500'guineas. English; and Australian, horses have? again- been measnring strides on. an- Indian? race course;. At the Lucknow meeting in* October,. the principal race,, the Steward's; Plate} was- won by an- English, gelding,, named Fihzwilliam} who carried! 8&t; 61b* and- defeated-. Sir Greville, 8st lib,, audi Sylvanus, 9st- Eancy Sylvatxns at 9st On the following day Sir Greville, 84t 91b,. met the English-colt Victor,.7s1111b, and! - the English horse Barnacles, Tst 111b, im the Trial Stakes-, and- this time- the Aus tralian won. easily, Keswick,.another Aus tralian,. 98t lib,, being second, In. the? Welter Stakes the Australian, horse Prin cess-Maude met the English, colt Victoir at level weights^ list 71b each}, and the?-? m Me worn easily, Sir Greville also- adding: another victory to> his credit in the Open* Handicap... Not satisfied with thedifeat*-; of the English colt Victor, his- friends; made a- match; to run Princess Mhrtde? • half a mile fnrther at 7-st 71b eaA: -This;' jj suited the Australian mare evjenbettelr,. for she hadithe Britisher dead beaten-half? a mile from- home,- and: won; as= she- liked-: Metal, the English' champion in India,-, isi being trained at .Lucknow} and :aB the? bookmakers ask his-friends-to-lay 3! to- 1L on him-for the Viceroy's-Gup,.-they canuote hold a very high estimate of Matchlock,. Sting,. Ring wood, and the other Austra lians who are lifcely.to- oppose- him; Mr-' Arthur Wilson- was ona< visit to Indiaiaodi was the guest of Mr/ Abbott of Joint-' , pore. ' ' ' At the Rangoon meeting I notice the? name of T, Osborne figuring seveialtiuiest in various contests, The races- were alii for ponies, and be won the IrrawaddjyCup* and two handicaps. I presume this is ant old friend-' who Hushed upon the; district »f Caulfield like- a meteor, and vanished withi equal celerity. In- the entries, for the? Oolonialsihere is a horse named; Isonomy and another named Sorcerer^ They are? Australians, and we in these parts would, like-, to- know Aefr breedings Unfor tunately, the Indian papers seldom gfy& the pedigrees i>f horses .in either winning returns or entries. They might take the hint. The correspondent of the English live StockJ'ournal gives the following descrip tion of the great unbeaten colt Ormonde — —"The secret of his marvellous gift of going is in his length, scope, faultless . action, and enormous stride. He skiuis over the ground, despite;-decidedly yought; hocks, seemingly without .an effort,an&i; f his - * gather7 is quick and indicative -of k tremendous propelling power. Though- . \- perfect in front, with good forelegs, his quarters are not nearly so powerful or well turned as those of his sire-. Porter has \- done wonders with the colt since Epsom, and has been successful in developing alL . his best points, as well as in fitting np; . some deficiencies. Ormonde appears thoroughly sound, and to be possessed of the best ox tempers, and plenty of cour-y. age.*7 John Robinson, the well- known Nottingham bookmaker, laid the big wager of £5,000 to £50 on Ormonde for the Champion Stakes, run at Newmarket. It was something of a risk, but the book-: maker won .his £50 easily enough. Mr. Joseph Thompson, -the well-known bookmaker, has received a telegram from Wo. Beach, in which the latter states bis willingness to row Hanlan on the Nepean River. On receipt of it Mr., Thompson deposited £250 ia responsible hands; and the holder of the deposit has cabled to the London Sportsman, stating, that be holds the first deposit on the acceptance.-of,.: Hanlao's challenge to row Beachfor £500 or £1,030 on the Nepean River, £100 or : , £200 to be allowed Hanlan for expenses, according to the large or small stakes. Mr. Thompson is..prepared to back . Beach for £1,000 or £500just as Hanlan chocnses. The following are the acceptances for the Standish Handicap, and Bagot Plate, to be run on the Now Year's Day meeting of - the V. R. 0.:—Standish Handicap.— Boolka, William Tell, ! Sheet Anchor, Dnnlop, Coronet, St. John,. Pocahontas>; Hogmanay, Quinten Matsep, Umbra, The Ghost, Gardenia, Xantippe, Don Giovan, , F.F., Felon, Stafford, Edith, Straight Shot, Marie Louise, Kenneth, Bonnie Doon, Espigle, Kohai, Sedition, Highland Chief, Louise Berta, Maroney, Dufferin, Lara, Menotti, Ulalame, Lady Bell, Bar vester, Maroandab, St. Louis, Fair. Play, Bridegroom, Chicago, Shark, Retort and Plying Fish. Bagot Handicap.—Com* motion, Sardios, Grace Darling,Duration, Silyermine, Britisher,' Mete#?, Rufus% Lord Wilton, Boolka,, Ringmaster, Clap trap, Camerine, Cyclops, The jfon,;LeVite, Recall, Old Gold, Felon, Empress/Metal, Dufferin, Fish o' Silver,|jarvester, Im pulse, Shark and Western. ^ Charles Wood, the Eoglffih jockey who runs Fred. . Archer so close/bad a regular field day on tbe second daybf the Kemp ton park October meeti^^ There were seven races on the Card}^a|rt£ Archer won the fi st on. Mr. Peck's Dan Dancer. Wood didn't get a place, but he won the next race on Geparal William's Dean Pf&wift;, and then pulled off the Tiro-fears old Stakes on Mr. R. Peek's Joker, fol lowing this np with a victor; on General William's Monotony in the Maiden Handi cap. He couldn't ride in the Corinthian Plate, but he won the Nursery Plate for General Williams on Shimmer, and the Mid weight Handicap for Sir George Chetwynd on Plantagenet. The result, then, was that Archer had ridden 478 races and won 169, while Wood had ridden 420 and won 142, Barrett coming third with 698 mounts and 106 wins. -Up to Friday in the following week, Archer had won 166 races, and Wood 148, so that the crack was 17 ahead. At a sale of Mr. H. Redwood's horses in New Zealand, the highest price realised was for a three-year-old colt, named Itepo, by Cadogan from Awatea, for whom the Hon. W. Robertson gave 400 guineas. No other animal realised 100 : guineas. Tinfinder, the dam of the Assyrian, has produced a colt foal to the Eng lishman. Tins should ba a valuable youngster. Kingfish, who has done nothing-of con Seqnence since lie -won the Hawkesbury Guineas, has gone to New Zealand -to fulfil some -engagements -he- -ha8-- there. This colt has been a bit of -a disappoint ment. ■ ':-r' The sporting editor of the Anstralasian has received a Cablegram "from the editor of the. London Sportsman, which states that Haulan has depoaited ilOO for a match" with Beach for; £500 on the Parramatta, Hanlan to-receive: L100 for expenses and'the match'to be rowed next Jane. On board the ill-fated Keilawarra. were three valnable h'irses, vis. -Ishmael by First Water, a pure Arab by Musifer ^ and the . well known m*W Florence. They were under the charge of E. M'Grade the well known jockey; and were going to run: at ' Brisbane. John Robefts, Jan., has again cut the record (his own) at spot-barred billiards. Playing with Mitchell, the champion made a break of 534. This is 21 points more than his previous beBt effort, made some six mouths age. Roberta was' 40 minutes | in rnnning up-the 534, and there was not a fluke or false shot of any 1dnd in the break. 