V.A.T.C. MEETING. [By Telegraph.] Melbourne, February 14. The February meeting in connection with the Victorian Amateur Turf Club was held yesterday at Caulfield. The weather was mag- <*> nificent, and the attendance was very large. The racing was of the finest description, and altogether the meeting was an unqualified success. Great interest centred in the Oak leigh Handicap, as it was thought the running would give an indication of tiie Newmarket winner. The Israelite was made the favorite at 4 to 1, but Mr. doner's horse was easily beaten by William Tell, who shot to the front at the distance, and won by a length and three-quarters. The Steeplechase was a chapter of accidents, every horse tailing except three. Studley, who started favorite, beat Euchre in the race home by two length?. Malone, the rider of "("ride., fractured his any. through a fall, bnt the other jockeys escaped j unhurt. The Hawkesbury Handicap brought out a field of eighteen, Duration bemg made a hot favorite. He was never _in it, Ringmaster eventually passing the" winning-post a neck in front of Gipsya Warning, who beat Lesbia for second place by a head. Vanderbilt won the Hurdle Kace on the post, just beating Boyal Maid, who might bave won had her jockey not left off riding. The Criterion Stakes fell to Nun, who was followed home by Mistral, and Munwyi t ma. Gold Top easily defeated a field of twelve in the SeUing Race, llie following is a descrip tion of the running :— HURIILE BACE. Vanderbilt, by Smuggler—Countess, 9 st. 7 lb. (Batty) 1 Koyal Maid 11 st. 2 lb. (Ferguson) ... 2 Mistake, 11 st C lb. (HiU) 3 Other starters—lnsolvent, Deringa, Sinking Fund, Fusilier, Chatsworth, Mirth, Footman, Equity, Bon Bon, Magnolia, Cervantes, Koolyte, and "Vemet. Betting—2 to 1 Vanderbilt. 6 to 1 Royal JMaid, 7 to 1 Sinking Fund and Chatsworth, 10 to 1 Mistake and Insolvent. The field got away to a good start, Sinking Fund and l>eringa being the fust to show to the front, negotiating the first hurdle side by side, with Royal MaU next. Passing the stand the same two horses still led, -with Fusilier at their heels, foUowed by Insolvent, Royal Maid, Equity, and Chatsworth together, and the rest in a bunch, with Bon Bon as whipper in. Round the first turn Vanderbilt ran into first place, but only _ for a mo ment, Deringa again getting to the front, with Royal Maid creeping upon the leaders at the back of the course. Chatsworth had fallen away last coming up to the turn for home, and when just part the sod wall Mr. Calvert's bay* gelding still led, hard pressed by Royal Maid, who was being hard held Mis take lying third, with Sinking Fond next. Royal Maid was the first to enter the straight, and looked a certain winner, but the favorite now up with a rush on the outside, andgradually worked into second place. When halfway up the straight Ferguson, .thinking he had tbe race in hand, eased the mare off, and tins gave a chance which Batty soon availed himself of, and after a splendid struggle the favorite won by half a head, Royal Maid being two lengths ahead of Mistake, while Koolyte was fourth, Chatsworth fifth, Equity sixth, followed by a lot all together, with Fusilier last. Time, 2 mm. 34§ sec. CBITKEIOX STAKES. Nnn, by First Eing—Pilgrimage, S st. 131b. (Moore)... „ 1 Mistral, 6 st. 12 lb. (Tomlin) 2 Mnnwyrtina,Bst.6lb.((Hd?) 3 Other starters—Dividend, Damocles, Gadfly, Mainsail, St. Paul, Donald, Agtaos, Kitty Fisher, Rich- worth, Aspramonte, Master John. Betting— 6to 4 Master John at first, 4 to 13 Agloas, S to 1 Nun and Richworth, 10 to 1 Dividend, Gadfly, and Monwyrtina. Nnn jumped to the front in the first few strides, followed by St. Paul, Mistral, and Gadfly, Kitty Fisher, who had been causing all the trouble at the post, being last by about two lengths. At the' half-mile post Nnn still led, and Dividend occupied seoond place, with Damocles at his girths a length in front of Aglaoe. Entering tite straight Kichworth came on the outside and got on even terms with the leader, Munwyrtma, Master John, and Gadfly being next. Master John at this point of tbe race made a struggle to get into position, but was blocked by Kichworth, who was running well, stumbling, thus spoiling his chance of a win, and from thia out Nun was mmtpr of tbe situation, and won easily by a length from Mistral, who came gallantly at tbe finish, jnst beating Munwyrtina by a head for second place, llie fourth horse was Master Jobn, followed by Richworth, St, Paul, Mainsail, and Aglaos in the order named, Donald being a long way behind and last*. Time, 1 mm. 41 sec. OAKLEIGH HAXDICAr. William Tell, by Kettledrum—Flora, S st. 10 Ib. (Olds) 1 The Israelite, 8 st. 9 lb. (Weasel) '2 Silver Mine, 7 st. 91b. (Robertson) 3 Other starters—Coronet, Ghost, Lando, Fair J Ellen, Xantippe, Duke of Athol, Oakleigh, | Umbra, Breeze, Salvo, Autocrat, Leporello, Highland Chief, St. Odflle, Delamia, Uhcas IL, Islander, Mill-stream, Mia Cara, Seaweed. Betting—4 to 1 Israelite, 6 to! Breeze, 7to lFair BUen, Sto 1 Silver Mine and Xantippe, 10 to I William Tell, Umbra, Uhcas, and St. Odflle. After a considerable delay at the post Mr. Watson sent the field away to a splendid start. Coronet was tiie first to get out of the ruck, Xantippe being last. Little change took place up to the sodwall, the horses running in a line behind Coronet and Breeze, who were racing neck and neck together. A few strides further on the Israelite drew upon Coronet, but tbey were both immediately afterwards passed by William Tell and Delamia, the latter entering the straight first. William Tell then fairly flew past Delamia, wbo was followed by Israe lite, Coronet, SUver Mine, and Highland Chief with the others in a cluster. With compara tive ease William Tell passed the judge's bos first, a length and three-quarters bom Israelite who was separated by three-quartets of a length from Silver Mine, Breeze being fourth, followed by Delamia, TJnc*s 11., aud Highland Chief, Mia Cara bring last. Time, 1 mm. 9£ sec. STKETLECHASE. St-cdley, by King Tom—Flora, 10 st. 6 lb. (Watson) 1 Euchre, 11 st. 8 lb. (Ferguson) 2 Roulette, 9 st 12 lb. (Gardiner) 3 Other starters — laAy Ashton, Morven, Pnde. Sailor, Progress, Hard Times, Patch work. Betting— i to 1 Lady Ashton and Studley, sto 1 Morven, 6 to Euchre and Pride, S to 1 Progress. When a start was effected Lady Ashton was the first to get away, and Bhe negotiated the first hurdle a length ahead of Sailor, who was attended by Morven, Euchre, and Hard Times. At the paling-fence Lady Ashton still led, ani Morven felL Passing the stand for the first time the order was—Lady Ashton, Pride, Euchre, Sailor, and Hard Times. Rounding the turn the top weight still led, followed by Pride, Sailor, and Euchre, with Studley last. At the second double fence at the back Lady Ashton wa= stQl ahead six lengths in front of Pride, with Sailor next, followed by Patchwork aud Euchre. Hard Times fell at the log fence, and coming np to tbe sod wall tiie bay mare still led, Pride being next six lengths in front of Patchwork, Roulette, and Studley. At the next fence Lady Ashton stumbled and threw bor jockey, and jumped the next few hurdles without any pilot. Coming into the straight Pride led, followed by Patchwork, Sailor, and Studley. Passing the stand the second tune ihe order was Pride, Patchwork, Progress, Euchre, with Sailor last. Going np the biQ on the second round Studley ran into aecond place, Roulette and Sailor being last, and at the next fence Mr. Russell's griding struck the fence heavily, and was ever afterwards ont of the race. At the back of the' course Pride led by two lengths from Studley, with Patchwork next Searing the aod wall tbe field closed np, asd tiie pace became wanner, but at the obstacle named Pride, Patchwork, and Pro gren fell, the jockey of the first-named break ing bis arm. The race now lay between Euchre and Stndfey, and eventually the favorite won easily by two lengths, Euchre bemg forty lengths ahead of Roulette. Sailor and Patchwork also cantered in at long intervals. Time, 5 mm. 47 sec. SELUKO BACE. Goldtop, by Proto-Martyr—Champagne. 7 st. 4 Ib. (Sanders)... i Jocular, 7st 7 lb. (Cope) ... 2 Diik Hatteraick, Bst 7 lb. (T00n)... "" 3 Other starters—First Light, Nuncio Squireen, Brella, Straight Shot, Stonebroke! Violet, First Pop. Betting—2 to 1 against Stonebroke and Sqia-ree-feS to 1 First Light, 5 to 1 Goldtop, Wen by three-quarters of a length. The winner wAs sold to Mr. Weekes for £150. Jocular was claimed and sold for £100. When tiie flag fell Goldtop was first on his feet, foUowed by Brella and Violet. At the sod wall Brella had passed Goldtop, who was second, with Dirk Hatteraick in clone attendance, foUowed by Violet, Squireen, and Jocular. At the turn Goldtop was again in the van, and Dirk Hatteraick who had run up second, was pushing him hard, the nearest horses in the rear being Violet and Squireen. Entering the straight the positions were unaltered, with the exception tiiat Jocular was coming through his horses. From this out Goldtop beld the race well in hand, and won comfortably by three quarters of a length from Jocular; who was a length iv front of Dirk Hatteraick. Squireen was fourth, followed by Violet, Brella being last. Time, 1 min.2_sec. HAWKSBUH&\- HAKDICAr. Ringmaster, by First King—Yardley (im ported). 7 st. 9 lb. (Moore) 1 Gipsy's Warning, 6 st. (Gorry) 2 Lesbia, G st. 10 lb. (Tomlin) 3 Other starters —Grace Darting, Duration, Don Quixote, Irralee, Bohemian, Danlop. Napier, Mentmore, Hilltop, New York, All Gold, tfneas IL, Ditto, Genoe, Liberty. Betting—s to 2 Duration, 5 to 1 iJipsy's Warning, Gto 1 Ringmaster, 8 to 1 Irralee, Dunlop, and Lesbia, 10 to 1 Napier and Ment more ; 100 to 3 Gipsy's Warning was offered. With very little delay and only one break away the flag fell to a splendid start. Lesbia was the first to show to the front, followed by Liberty, Napier, Ringmaster, Hilltop, and Genoe, Dunlop being last. This was tho order passing the stand, aud rounding the turn little change took place, Grace Darling and Mentmore being whippers-in. At the back of the course Liberty occupied premier position a length and a half in front of Lesbia. who was two lengths in front of Ringmaster, Duration, and Grace Darling. At the sod wall the leaders fell away and New York ran into first place, followed by Gipsy's Warning, Ringmaster, Duration (under tha whip), Genoe, and Liberty. Entering tiie straight Gipsy's Warning was at the head of affairs, followed by Lesbia, Ringmaster, Irralee, and Ditto, New York being at the head of the second division. A splendid race ensued up the straight, Ringmaster eventually catching the judge's eye a neck ahead of Gipsy's Warning, who was just a head in front of Lesbia. Then came New York, Genoe, Bohemian, and Duration, the others ia a batch, with I'ncas last. Time, 2 mm. 20 sec. 