CHAPTER LV. — AN INVirATION\ I missed Tony greatly. He would have taken so much interest in my new labours — would have so cheered me with his sympathy. Per haps I missed, too, the applause he was wont to lavish upon me. It was too flattering, it was undeserved, no doubt ; still it gladdened and encouraged me. I had not the heart to find fault with it. It would have been like finding fault with him. Mole was what is called ' good company.' But I could not esteem him quite as I did Tony. I felt much the lack of a comrade of my own age and standing, whose views of life and the world were in accord with mine, even in their foolish hopefulness and young temerity. Romance and sentiment had still charms for me. I could scarcely speak upon such matters to Mole. Time and experience had made him too practical and prosaic He had outlived ambition, probably. He was not to be troubled by anxieties as to the future ; it held out to him no particular promise, and he did not care to contemplate it. There was something of the stroller still, perhaps, in bis method of thought and existence, only that he no longer looked forward to possible triumphs to be achieved by - and-by. The cares of the day were sufficient for him. He had secured an engagement; that was enough. When it terminated it would be time enough to seek another. He was content meanwhile. He asked but for enough to eat and to drink — the latter especially. He was never despondent, except, perhaps, as to the condition of the modern stage, and that failure of his voice which had closed hu career as an actor. But he knew how to impart a certain humorous flavour even to these subjects. I always found him entertaining and enlivening, kindly and considerate. He took great pains to instruct and improve me in the art of paint ing. Every day I worked with him in the upper studio, the ' manufactory,' as he called it. His skill was unquestionable. I often marvelled that he had not turned it to more profitable account. Surely he might, had he chosen, have been something better than Sir George's journeyman. Had he been hindered by some inherent defect in his moral constitution, 'some vicious mole of nature?' {I did not mean to pun upon his name.) It could not have been merely lack of opportunity. Or had he erred at starting by mischoice of his profession ! But I was on dangerous ground. If I was now a painter, or trying to become one, had I not previously essayed farming and law? It was a curious life I was leading. If I sometimes deemed it monotonous and confined, even somewhat dull, I consoled myself with re flecting that I was really acquiring a profession, serving an apprenticeship. In any case, I was Sir George's assistant but for a term, which I could conclude at any time. And my occupa tion had its pleasures. Even the replica of the Royal portrait I was engaged upon, though Mole viewed the task irreverently, was to me full of interest. I congratulated myself upon the decision and correctness of my outline — upon the force and breadth of my execution. It was the largest canvas I ever worked upon. I delighted in plying my brush with a drum ming sound, as I spread and rubbed in colour over the tightly strained elastic surface. Every now and then I retreated some yards from my easel, to consider the effect of my performance, and I noted with gladness how gradually the kingly figure was emerging from hazy inanity, and, with every stroke of my pencil, assuming more and more of the hues and aspect of life. 'I really begin to feel myself a painter.' ' Of signs, or of scenes ? Which ?' Mole asked laughingly. ' But only look at the noble folds and shadows of these velvet robes.' ' Wait until you've been to work as I have upon a dozen of those portraits. You'l1 begin to find a very Republican feeling stealing over you.' Sir George, I was gratified to learn, had expressed his satisfaction with my labours. I saw but little of him. He had been true to his promise that I should not be interfered with in any way, that I should enjoy perfect liberty in his house. My room had not proved the Haunted Chamber Mole had des cribed it to be. My rest there was undistur bed by ghosts. I slept soundly, and, so far as I am aware, no apparition ever issued from the great corner cupboard. All was still enongh ; save for now and then the rumbling of coach wheels in the roadway, and, some times, very late at night, or in the early twilight of morning, the noise of the street door closing. Sir George had reentered. He was usually absent after sunset ; the hour of his return home was always uncertain? He only worked intermittently at this time, often declining to see his sitters on the score of his health. Still he was never altogether idle. Sometimes he would mount to our studio, in spect our progress, and touch upon the can vases before us, always, as it seemed to me, to their advantage, although Mole generally dis puted this. I thought his eye wcdderfullycor rect. He detected errors and shottcomings very promptly. His manner was invariably polite. ' I think you'll find that's rather out of drawing, Duke,' he would say ; or, ' I fancy you might improve that heavy mass of shadow by breaking it up a little.' He did not so much give orders as offer suggestions. ' Oblige me with your brash for a moment ;' and with an adroit stroke or two he effected a real improvement. I was more than ever con vinced that he was in truth a great portrait painter. In his composed way he seemed pleased, or perhaps I should rather say, amused with my evident admiration, ' You only want practice, Duke. You'll do all this for yourself, some day, far better than I can do it.' And as he spoke he patted me encouragingly on the shoulder. He occupied himself, too, with sketching and planning works to be completed at some distant day — when he had time. He was haunted, I think, by a desire to win distinction in the future as an historical painter. He was employed at intervals upon a series of alle gorical compositions to be executed on an im posing scale. But he was apparently hard to please. He was moved by impulses ; then came weariness and dejection, and bis hastily adopted projects were thrust aside and aban doned, as though the temperature of his enthu siasm had lowered, or some insurmountable difficulties had suddenly confronted him. There seemed aoout him a want of power to concentrate his energies. He was now languid almost to lethargy ; a drowsiness oppressed him that would not be shaken off. And now he was strangely stirred, his eyes curiously bright, and every nerve tremulous with excitement. At times too, I am satisfied, he suffered acutely. The lines in his face deepened, and he looked very wan and worn. He would stop abruptly in speaking, with a painful wincing expression. But he uttered no complaint. He seemed anxious, indeed, to hide bis suffering. One day Proper! brought me a message from him. He desired to see me in his studio. ' I'm sorry to trouble you, Duke, but I'm sketching and I want a line or two from nature. It's a fanciful subject. Perhaps you would not mind sitting to me for a few minutes. Clasp your hands — so. Yes, that will do. Lean for ward a little. Look up. Your head turned a little to the left. Yes, that is just what I wanted. Lean forward a trifle more. Thank you.' He sat down at his easel and began sketch ing. Now glancing at me, now bending over the drawing board before him. I remained perfectly still. After a while the scratching sound of his crayon gradually ceased. I ventured to turn towards him. He was not drawing. His head had sunk upon his breast. His gaze seemed fixed on the ground at his feet. His hand hung down listlessly before him, still holding the crayon, however. Suddenly it slipped from his fingers. The noise of its fall roused him. He started and shivered. He was deadly pale. ' Are you ill, Sir George ?** I enquired, hurrying to him. He was silent for some mo ments. ' Where am I ?' he demanded at length. 'You here, Duke? No, it's nothing. I'm not ill. I was led away by my thoughts, I forgot where I was ; what I was doing. That happens to me sometimes.' His voice sounded weak and hollow. I felt alarmed about him. ' But indeed I fear you are really ill, Sir George. You need rest and change.' ' That's easily said,' and he laughed, strangely, I thought. He rose and moved towards the mantlepiece ; leaning there, with his hand covering his eyes, he presently grew more composed. 'It was a feeling of faintness, that's all, Duke ; I'm subject to it at times. It comes over me quite suddenly, and sets my hand trembling, as you see. Happily it doesn't last long, however. It's nothing really to be alarmed about. I'm quite myself again now. But don't speak of this to any one. I've not been very well, lately, as you know. A very little seems to upset me now. I shall be better soon. But I'll not trouble you any more now. It's plain I'm not in a working mood to-day. You must sit to me again some other time.' 'If you could only rest for a while, Sir George, and breathe pure fresh country air. I'm bold to say it, perhaps } but if you would but come home with me — to the Down Farm.' ' That can hardly be, Duke,' he interposed, coldly, I thought, and almost with an air of contempt. ' Forgive me.' I felt that I had been presumptous. I had forgotten how great a man he was. ' I have nothing to forgive. I have reason, indeed, to thank you ; for you mean kindly I am sure. But are you quite certain you bave authority to offer me the hospitality of this Down Farm — this home of yours, of which you seem, and rightly enough, no doubt, so fond and proud ? Would your friends there — your relations, sanction and confirm your in vitation, do you think ?' (Continued . ) 