MRS. MOTLEY'S MIS- TAKE. BY JOHN FROST. (From the Waverley Magazine). There were four Misses Silverpin, and Leona, the youngest of them all, was the first to "ct married. Mliss dils crpin was literary, correspon ded with two or three country news papers, wrote essays, and even tried her hand at poetry. Miss Eudom Silverpin was domestic, kept a big receipt book, counted the bars of soap, and nearly drove the one maid of-all work distl cted with her constant criticism anud surrveillance. Miss Rebecca, the third, belonged to the congregation of "St. Pctrifactus-in the-ilighway," was one of a sisterhood, and visited the poor until the poor were heartily sick of her. And little Leona, the eighteen-year-old " baby" of the famnily, was considered as good for nothing in particular, except to be snubbed, scolded and ordered about by all three of the sisters, until Mr. MIot lcy came along and married her. " Tie nman must be crazy to fancy a chit of a thing like Leona," said Miss Silverpin. "I did think he had some literary taste, but of course he can't have, when he is satislied with a wife who noer read Carlyle and knows nothing about Hume anid Macaulay.". "One would suppose," added Miss Eudora acrimoniously, "''tlht a man would select for a life comipanion one who un derstands thi. art of housekeeping, and can make his hosme comfortable. - Leona niever baked a biscuit in her life, and as for preserving, I don't believe she knows the differeince between a damson and a greengage." "All this is mere folly and trifling," said the sister of St. Petrifactus, rolling her fine eyes skyward. "No man whois entirely devoid of the devotional element can be expected to show common sense in his matrimonial choice." \- "Leona knows nothing about him," said Mliss Silverpin, sharply. "He may be a more impostor, forany thing we know," said Miss Eudora. " Leona will be sure to repent her head loni 'lihite one of these days," added Miss Rehecea. lBu in spite of 111 this croaking, little \- Leona was as happy as a bird. She loved Jolnii M3[tley, and John Motley loved her. What else wass wanting to coniplete her bliss ? They went to Ihousekeeping in a little bird's nest of a house, with the curtains all looped back with blue ribbons, and plants and canary-birds in every window, uand the thre e Misses Silverpin came there frequently to breakfast, dinner and tea, although they took no pains to conceal their' disapprobation of her match. "Nothing but an engraver. I think, Leona, you might have looked higher," said 'Miss Silverpin, very sourly. "It's a resplectabhs business, I am sure," said Leona, timldly. "You'll be sure to repent. it one of these days, said Miss Eudora. "I'm sure I don't know why," said Leona, ready to cry. "He's a free thinker and an infidel," groaned Rebecca. ( Ie isn't !" retorted Leona, half frightened at her own boldness. " He reads the Bible every day and is very regular at church." "It's all a whited sepulchre," sighed the sister of St. Petrifactdia. "I wish they'd all get nmarried, too, anid tl i. Perhiap, they'd have enough to do attending to their own husbands to keep away from here." thougllt Leona. The next week the sisters arrived cei :iasese, with faces a yard long, and eyes a-glitter with gloomy triumph. " I told you so," said MIiss Silverpisi. "I foresaw it from the very beginning," said IRebecca. " It's no more than you might have ex pected," added Eudora. "Do ppeak out I I don't understand what you can mean," cried bowildered Leona. , "Did you know, wretched child, that your husbaundi has had another wife ?" asked Miss. SIlverpin, leaning forward; and altering lher voice to a sepulchral key. " "Of course I knew: that he" wasv a widower. Do:you suppose' he has any secrets from me ?" said Leona much re-.'! lieved. .`But did you know that the first Mrs. Motley is still living ?" struck in the de -votee of the saint with a stony name. "Nonsense she died within six months of their marriagae and is buried at Man chester," said Leona; "Poordeceivedlambl"groaned Eudora. "She's living now. It was not oven a divorce-only a legal separation, and he has no more right to get nmarried than than any other man that is tied tight and fast to a living wife." Leona turned verypale. - -" That is false !" she cried. You are ecceiving me. And I think it's very un kind and unsisterly of you.' "Seeing is believing. She's down in the diningroom,.' said Miss Silverpin. "Who is 7 gasped Leona.s "The first Mrs. Motley._ Leona started up with -'glittering eyes and crimson cheeks. ... " How dare you come here . IMere to my very. house," she dried out. "Because she wants ]ier husband," said Eudora. "Be cal,chliild, I entreat. Sister Rebecca, lead in the real Mrs. Motley." And before Leona could muster up wordls to remonstrate, a tall female, wear ing blue spectacles and an overall, stalked in. "Who are you 'd cried Leona starting up. "And what do you want ?" "Iamin Mrs. John Motley," answered the gaunt female, with a ware.of her umbrella, " and I want my husband. He married me three years ago, and now lie's cleared out and don't allow me one cent of maintenance. And he's been and gone and married again, and I'll have hin up as sure as my name -is Phillis Maria Motley. What's the use of laws if this is the way a respectable woman is to be swindled out of her support I" Leona sank back, pale and startled as if she had seen a ghost. And so she had-not only the ghost of the woman she had dreamed dead and in her grave years ago, but the sheeted spectre of her own married love and hap piness. Poor, trembling, pallid little Leona! The shock almost prostrated her. And the thred Misses Silverpin stood around, triumphing in her dismay, like three exulting ghouls, crying in 'one voice :-. "Didn't we tell you so ?" Just at this moment the door opened, and in" walked-3Ir. Johu Motley him self. - "Hello !" cried he.. "What's the matter, Leo? What's all this about ?" " Deceiver !" shrieked Miss Silverpin. "Coward !" shouted Miss Eudora. "Villain I" croaked Miss Rebecca. "Are you all mad ?" said Mr Motley, looking from onue to the other. " Johl, who is that ? Speak !"sobbed out poor Leona, poiuting to the tall woman in the blue spectacles. "I'm hanged if I know," said Mr. Motley, looking lier full in the face. The three Misses Silvcrpin stared. " She said she was your first wife," She said you were her lawful husband, and that Leona wasn't your wife at all." " Tlhen she has toll a pack of con fouiided fibs," roared Mr. John Motley, with flashing eyes. "Do you deny it ' cried Miss Euddra. "And in the presence of the two women you have so basely wronged," said Miss Rebecca. "Deny it, confound you all, of course I do i" said Jonlm Mo~tley, vehemently. "Isn't this mani your husband " de manded Miss Silverpin, slhaking the ttll stranger by the shoulder. "No, lie ain't," calmly confessed the soidisanft MIotley. "IMy husband's name is John IMotley, but he ain't this man at all. My husbasnd is tall and stout, with red hair and whiskers, his face marked' with small pox, and has oniy one aeye." "There's a John MI otley Reps a grocer's shop down by the river," said the other possessor of that name. "Perhaps-" "That's him," said the spectaced'one, with alacrity. "He always knowed"?a deal about the grocery business. He's pretty sly, but le cuan't dodge see." And exits the destroyer of Leona Mot. lby's domestic peace. The three Misses Silverpin retreated in disorder, mutually reproaching one another. Leona had a good cry and laugh on her husband's shoulder, and Mr Motley re gistered,.then and there, a solemn vow that the sisters-in-law should keep out of. his house thereafter. And he kept it, too... __________ I 