traveller Iii Its llnins. Almost six hundred years before that Birth at Bethlehem which gives modern time its index—namely, in 582 n o., the year when the Isthmian games were restored—a cost of colonists, swarming out of Gels, not very far off, founded Acragas, which afterwards became, as Pindar wrote, ‘ the most beautiful city of mortals.’ They eould not have chosen a fairer spot on all the coast of this fair island of Sicily, rich as it everywhere is in loveliness and charm. Broken and accentuated ground gave natural ramparts to the city and the ma jesty of domination to the temples; while the wide stretch of blue sea in front brought the beauty and burden of ships to the port, which opened its gates to its friends and shut them like a trap against its foes. Jupiter and Minerva—or, more correctly, Zeus and Athene—were the tutelary deities of the city. The one was Zeus Atabjrius, an awful form \- of Moloch; the other was the wise grave god dess worshipped by the Bhodiaas at- Lindus —from whioh city oame the original colonists of Gala, bringing their familiar deity with them. We have all heard of Phalaris tho . tyrant of Aoragas, with his red-hot brazen balls, in which he roasted men alive. But . vve.domot,all-know that, this was not only 7 from wanton cruelty ; though, as with tho ' Inquisition of/later times, much personal hatred and malice'might have been more mixed up with it; but that it was also one form of religious superstition of the kiDd only too common in all faiths. Greek feel ing, however, did net tolerate human sacri fices.' Milk and honey, fruit and flowers, and poor innocent beasts, whioh at the worst served aftewards for food, were offered to the gods, to gain favour or ward off puuisbment. But save in very rare and exceptional in stances, of which Iphigcnia and her subse quent oult are the most notable, the deities of Hellas were not propitiated by the blood and tears of man. The men of Aoragas there fore, soon rose up in horror and indignation against Phalaris and banished him for his blood-guiltiness; for all that he had greatly embellished the oity—always a claim on the gratitnde of citizens. Among other things, he built a temple to Jupiter Poleius, tho • founder of cities,’ on the sight of which, and in a manner incorporated with while over powering the older fane, is the Christian churah of Sta Maria dei Greci. Thereon, that wise and benevolent despot, whose tomb is still to be seen, was the real star of Acragas. Ho made that Greek luxury, a spaoious fish-pond; he bnilt the best of tho temples, of which the ruins still remain to attract travellers from oountries then un known, but now dominant, while all this ma jestic past is but a memory and a name; and Pindar oelebrated and extolled him, which perhaps is the firmest holding on immorality that- ho possesses. Among others, be bnilt the temple now oalled Juno Lacinia; that is, the same Juno as was worshipped at Lsci num; as a modern Catholic might dedicate a cliureh to Sta Maria della Catena, or di Gesii, or della Pieta, Ao., always the same goddess, but with specialised attributes. It was for this temple that ZeuxiB painted his famous picture of Juno, taking for hiB models the five most beautiful virgins of Acragas, aud producing a masterpiece such ns the world had never seen before. But the foreeB of nature,-like the passions of men, have no respect for works of art, whether in paint or in stono. Earthquakes and Btorms, winds, frost, and fire did tbeir work of destruction on all these splendid conceptions and perfect achievements of genius ; and Saracen and Norman completed tho ruin whioh Cartha ginian and Toman had begun. And now we ba76 of Acragas, ‘ the most beautiful city —oPmortalB,’ only the uninteresting little town of Girgenti; and the ruinB of the aneient temples. But what ruin31 Out on the edge of the rock stands the beautiful and still perfect skeleton of the Temple of Concord. It needs no great sketoh of fancy to reconstruct the n»st, to repeoplo the void, to call back from that dim and misty Hades where tho pnle ghosts wander mournfully, the forms of those who once filled the temple with love, and ' li"ht, and youth and beauty, with music and song and tbo fervent prayers of pious souls, asking the benign Goddess of Peace to shod her influence over men, and stay both war and slaughter. The beautiful Sicilian girls who were the realisations of the nymphs and younger goddesses, some sing ing, some playing, others bearing baskets full of fruits 'and flowers—tbeir soft ~ feet falling in measured tread and the rhyth mic swaying of their bodies making visable music to the eye; the stately matrons, grander and graver, the Juno?, tho Dsmeters com pleted, to whom life had brought its cares as •well its fulfilled joys, its imperative duties as well as its pleading loves ; the young men Scanning the maidens and falling in love at a glance, as love is kindled into flame by a spark; the husbands and tho elder fathers, oconpicd with things and indifferent to beauty; the poor dumb beasts, garlanded with flowers, and led to the slaughter ns offerings to gods slow to. save and quick to punish, as even the gentle gods of Greece themselves were:—all file along tho paved xoad and up the marble steps, and range themselves within the. columned hall, which then had no Christiaji arches to block np the space. The cymbals clash and clang; the shrill note of the double pipe sounds far and dear; and the echoes of the sacred songs come back from shaft to wall in a full diapa son of joyons melody. Who cannot bring ' back that scene, as he stands among the asphodels and violets, and forgets time and' space in memory ? Father away iB that Temple of Jnno Lacuna, already spoken of, where the skeleton is by no means so perfect as this, and where the red hand of fire has left its crimson touch on the old gray stones. Farther still arc the rainB of the Temple of Hercules, from which the infamous governor Verres, be who was denounced by Cicero in one of his most eloquent orations, attempted to steal the ' magnificent bronze statue of the god; Bend ing his slaves at night-to prise down . the saered icon; but failing—as the pious of the time said, by the miraonlons energy of Hercules himself workeing through his effigy —until the horrified men of what was then Agrigentum, no longer Acragas, and not yet Girgenti, rushed to the resone and delivered their deity from harm. And there is still more un distinguishable ohaos of tbe Temple of Jupiter—ruined before finished—where the great oaryatid lies prone on the greensward, like one of the old gods despoiled ot his glory disjointed, broken, destroyed, preserving only the dim and roughened outlines, bnt wanting all that made the life and beanty of the faith. Near to these confu^gd ruins is the beautiful little npright fragment of the Temple of Castor and Pollux, those twin'sons of Leda who stand as the emblems ot fraternal fidelity. » _ The air is full of old-world memories, and involuntarily that noble hymn by Theocritus to the Dioscuri comes to us like a living sonnd wafted by strange singers across tbe scented bean-fields—“ dear work-Bteads of the hairy bees”—and shaken like perfume from -the flashed branehes of flowering fruit- trees, and the sweet pate loveliness of almond blossoms. But their day is done. Their Temple 13 but a hint, precious for architectural grace, and .beautiful in spite of its decay; and they them selvei), this heroio pair, are as dead as the tho stone effigy lying prostrate on the grass. "Farewell, yea sons of Leda”—"Castor of the swift steeds and swart Polydeuoes," “ to whom all minstrels were dear,” “tbe twain thataid all mortals,” “ the beloved pair," “sueconrers of man in the very thrill of peril, and of horses maddened in the bloody press of battle, and of ships that, defying the stars that set and rise in heaven, have en countered the perilous breath of .storms”— '• farewell 1 Thd present has destroyed the past ■ and Jndaa has conquered Greece; bat what the World has lost in substance it still retails in spirit, and gratitude for beauty may out live belief in its divinity. Jf Theocritus pervades all Sioily, Girgenti is possessed by Empedocles. Clad in bis purple robe, crowned with laurel, shod with golden sandals—what was this man ? Was lie the wise measurer of mortal force, the diligent observer and partial conquerer of nature, some affirm him to have been ? Wtis he the self-consecrated Beer and_ mystic, sincere if bIbo self-deceived, who imagined more than he Imew, and who obscured his clearer thoughts by phantasies and his per ceptions by illusions ? Or was he the con scious charlatan who traded on men's credu lity and discounted their ignorance ? Who can say ? He, too, is one of those faces in the clouds for which each observer haB a different form. But whatever ho was, he was born and bred at Acragas, the beautiful city where the gods were housed in glory and worshipped with fervour; and it was from there that he set out to seek for immortality in the eternal fires of Etna. And now, what do we find at the modern town and station of Girgenti? A country barren of trees hut fruitful in grain; uplands as green with sprouting corn as English fields scenting the air with perfume almost as rich as that which steals from the jessamine and orange blossoms of the high-walled garden*; uncultivated tracts full of asphodels and violets, of borage and the garden discs yellow chrysanthemum, of fragrant herbs, and the rarer sorts of our wild-flowers at home— tracts where a botanist may spend his,-hours in rejoieing. Leaving the country and going into the town, which is set upon the high rock dominating the plain, we find but little beauty. The women no longer11 card tho soft wool about their knees,” as in tho days of the proud Eunioe, who refused to love at all that desperate Simietha who loved too much ; but they are said to be the most prolific of all Sicilian women, and for a man to marry a Girgentese is to be sure of heirs and the tradi-\ tional quiver-full. The chief object of interest in the town is of course the Duomo or cathred ral, where they show you superb vestments wrought in gold and silver, with garnets and turquoiseB mixed in with the embroidery; an engraved ivory staff, and two splendid monstrances—the one of gold and jowells in the form of a sun rayed and banded ; the other, of silver flowers, with the Madonna s hair in the oentre. The plain white-washed columns dividing nave from aiBle agree but ill with the florid ornamentation of the high altar or thG bold carving of the roof; ana the echo whioh seems to run round the wall like an invisible flame was once the cause of more heart-burnings than the architect knew when he struok by chance on that fatal angle of inoidonce. _ . ,_ If you are at Girgenti at Carnival time ana go to a veglinoe or masked ball in the theatre you will see a little of Sicilian manners ana something of Sicilian feeling. Among the Savages and the swallows, the gold-nornea, red- bodied Fiends, the Sailors and the nonde scripts who dance together with more vigour than grace in the platea,^ you will not see one womam a Sicilian blood is too hot and Sicilian jealousy too rampant to permit the publia and indis criminate mingling of men and women ; and there still exist in these less visited and less confcinentalised places, Btrong traces of tho Saraoenic seclusion of women. In the boxes, two female masks—the only female masks in the theatre—come down ever and anon, attended by their male companion, to cross the platea for such refreshments as are to be found at the back of the stage. No one speaks to them, and they speak to no one. Even that group of Zulus who respect no man, make way for them : as do those halL dozen Swallows who run in and out with Bhort steps and shrill cries, letting fly live birds as a diversion the more. ^ These two bands are evidently well known in the place. They go in and out of certain boxes offering bonbons, whioh are laughingly accepted, and they dance with less clumsiness and more grace than the rest. Among the spectators in the boxe3 are two or three exquisite little masks of children. One curly-pated Louis XIV., of perhaps the ripo age of three, after making frantic efforts to kies papa with the intervening maBk to prevent contact, is handed about from box to box like a big doll. In one it is the centre of attraction and wor ship to five stalwart men; for Italian men are like women in their love of children, and you will constantly see the father performing what we consider to bo essentially womanly ofllees for a little child, while the mother stands by looking on* complacently. There is a tiny, gold-horned, red-bodied imp, whose delight in hi3 horns is such as one might have oxpeoted from a young fawn when he first learned that ho could butt that bold kid with his own weapon. For a last word : Girgenti is now abso lutely safe. A few years ago, brigands might have been found lurking behind the fallen columns with the snakes and the lizards, and the long gun handy. Now you have only the lizards. The snakes have been frightened away by the throng of visitors; carabinieri keep evil disposed men in check; and bri gandage, like the old cult, has vanished into the dust and vapour of things paet and dead. The editor feels lone and miserable When he can find no joke that’s soissorable Pact. 