WARATAH. A public meeting was held in the Institute a few days since, to receive the financial statement of the local sports' committee for 1885-6. Mr Kayser occupied the chair, but there was a very small attendance. The receipts were shown to be £156 10s Gi ; expenditure, £124 10s Cd ; leaving a, balance in hand of £32, which amount was voted to the Recreation Ground Committee for the improvement of the ground. It is ap parent that some novelty must be intro duced into our annual gatherings, the public caring little or nothing for the fare as usually provided, and with this idea in view it was suggested at the meet ing that a Sheffield Handicap, say for a prize of £50, should be arranged for, and it is very probable that at a meeting to be called at an early date, the matter will be favorably considered. Political affairs at present are very quiet, and the opening of Parliament on the 24th inst. is eagerly looked for, many being anxious to observe how our new members will shape. Respecting mining, at the Specimen Reef matters are very quiet, and the intentions of the new company, of which the majority of the directors are in Melbourne, are anxiously looked for. The late heavy rains have added considerably to the stock of water at the mines, and no fear need be entertained of the supply running short for some time. In the way of amusements, Waratah has been liberally catered for of late. About three weeks since the Federal Minstrels gave an entertainment in aid of the cemetery funds, and on Saturday last another troupe, with the nomenclature of the Waratah Minstrels, alias Buffaloes, uiade their first appearance inaidof the new hall. Curiosity had been somewhat aroused as to the merits ot the various performers, the consequence being that a crowded house greeted them on the rising of the curtain. Programme commenced with the usual nigger business, Mr J. Hutton actingas bones, Mr W. Victorastambo, and Mr R. M'Rory as interlocutor. Several songs were given, showing more than average merit in the execution. Mr J. Matthews being very successful in ' I dreamt my little boy of thee,' for which he received a well-deserved encore. Mr Whyman in 'A boy's best friend is his mother,' and Mr Hayes in ' A rolling stone gathers no moss,' earned consider able applause. Messrs Camp's and Main waring's efforts were also well received. The first part concluded with the 'African Slave,' by Mr M'Rory, the chorus of this, as of the other songs, being excellent, Mr J. Caldwell's fine alto voice especially being heard to advan tage. In the miscellaneous entertain ment that followed, Messrs. Hutton and Thome showed considerable agility on the trapeze, and Mr Fairfield as a dancer showed that he had lost none of his powers of former times. Mr M'Rory received an encore for his song in character, ' The Pew-opener,' but was not so successful in ' Hullo, where are you going to.' A comic song by Mr Nicholls, ''Only a face,' was vociferously encored, but was not responded to. The corner men, for beginners, showed considerable aptitude, and some of the conundrums given by them were very good. The entertainment concluded with a farce, ' ' Grandmother's Ghost.' Mrs S. Mainwaring officiated at the piano, and whatever defects were possessed by the instrument were fully compensated for by the excellence of that lady's playing. The Excelsior Dramatic Club are now actively engaged in rehearsing ' The Ticket of Leave Man,' and judging from the manner in which they rendered their respective parts at a practice which I had the pleasure of witnessing a few nights since, they will continue to uphold the position they occupy as caterers of amuse ment for the public. The ladies of the district are now busy preparing for a bazaar, which it is pro posed will take the form of an 'all nations fair,' and to be held at Christmastime. From the liberal manner in which the in habitants have responded to the collectors the affair promises to be a big success, and the lands of the new hall for which it is in aid should be considerably augmented thereby. Tenders for the erection of the building are to close on the 19th inst. August 10. 