Aunt Parker. CHAPTER LIV. RAISED FROM A LIVING GRAVE. BY B.L. FARJEON. IT was night when I recovered my senses. I was lying on my rough bed, and there was a dim light in the room. A woman was sitting by my side. For a few moments I did not dare to look at her. A confused memory of what had taken place was in my mind, but I could not separate fact from fancy. At length I found courage to turn my eyes upon the woman's face. It was really and truly Nurse Elliot who was tending me. Her eyes rested upon me, and a look of joy flashed into them when she saw that I was awake and conscious. "Lina!" she cried. "O, Nurse—dear, dear Nurse!" It was all I could say for a little while, and she put her face close to mine, and kissed me and wept over me. "It is not a dream, dear Nurse?" "No, dear child, it is happily happily real. O,Lina—dear, dear Lina!" "Tell me all, Nurse." "To-morrow, dear. You are not strong enough to hear it to-night." "I am strong enough, indeed, indeed I am! Tell me now. I cannot bear the suspense." "It is the most wonderful thing, my poor suffering child: the most wonderful beautiful thing! I hardly know where to commence." "Commence at the very beginning. Nurse, dear. It will do me good. Ah, it has done me good already to hear your sweet voice! We are safe here, are we not?" "Yes, dear, we are quite safe. Wolf is keep ing guard over us." "Only Wolf, Nurse? I asked. For my thoughts were travelling to Ned, and I wanted to be sure that it was his voice I had heard as well as hers. "There is another keeping watch over you also, my dear." "Mr. Edward Lorimer?" "Yes, my dear, Mr. Edward and Wolf are together outside. He is outside. Shall I call him in?" "No, Nurse dear; I am not strong enough yet for that. Remain with me—do not leave me! Do not let anybody else come to me to night." "It shall be as you wish, dear." "Now commence, Nurse. From the very beginning, from the time that I left your happy house"— I could not finish the sentence. "Shall I see it again. Nurse?" "Yes, my dear child, and soon I hope. Never never to leave it, unless of your own free will." "You are true to me, Nurse—O, Nurse, you are true to me!" "True to you, my child! I never was any thing else. I love you more now than I ever loved you; and there was a time when I should not have thought that possible." "You love me," I said, in a choking voice, "more than you ever loved me! O, Nurse, dear Nurse, my heart is almost breaking with joy! They told me you had left England, and that I should never see you again." "They told you false, my dear." "And Rube is in England; he did not go away?" "No, dear child, he is there in the old shop, and he and I have never been separated till now —except for a day now and then, when I went down to that hateful Restoration Hall to try and get some news of you." "Dear Rube! And he is still my friend?" "You never had a truer." "Yes, Nurse," I said, pressing her hand to my lips, "there is one friend dearer truer than all others." "My dear, we will not speak of that. Are you sure you are strong enough to hear the story." "Yes, Nurse, commence at once." "My dear," she said, after a slight pause, "when I found that I did not hear from you, and that you did not send me one line in reply to all the letters I wrote you"— "I never received any, Nurse. They must have been kept from me wickedly—wickedly kept from me." "Yes, dear, I understand it now. But it was a great trouble to me. Rube had a sus picion of what was being done with my letters, and he tried to comfort me by saying that you would soon be a free woman. But when your birthday came round—the day on which you were twenty-one—and we had no news of you, I could not restrain my impatience, and I went to Restoration Hall to get some news of you. The house was closed, and no person could tell me anything, so I had to go back to * The right of publication in Queensland of "Aunt Parker" has been purchased by the Bris bane Newspaper Company, Limited. London unsatisfied, and wait, and wait. My dear, in what I am going to tell you I have made a binding promise"— "To whom. Nurse, dear?" "To Mr. Edward. I must say as little of him as possible. He knew that this conversa tion would take place between us, and he bound me down not to say a single word respecting him more than is absolutely necessary. He has much to impart to you himself, and you must hear it from no one else." "Go on, Nurse." "Well, my dear, when I found that I could get no news of you I was in despair. I went to Mr. Edward, and he could tell me nothing, except that he was informed you had left Eng land of your own free will." "It was false, Nurse." "Yes, my child, I know, I know; but I was really powerless. I went to Mr. Bathgate. It was a long time before I was successful in see ing him, and then, after listening to what I had to say, he said you were your own mistress, and that you were doing as you liked; that you had decided to travel to the Continent, and might remain away for years; that your move ments were not my concern, and that if I in truded myself upon him again he would charge me at the police court with heaven knows what." "And Mr. Lorimer, Nurse, and the old gentleman?" " I have not seen him, my dear, from that day to this. If you knew how hard it is to me to keep my promise to Mr. Edward you would pity me, Lina; but it must be done, and I must get along as well as I can. You see, my dear, I had no authority over you, and it could easily be made to appear that I was interfering where I had no right to interfere. Rube and I talked it over again and again, and he consulted his lawyer friend, who advised him to let the matter alone, or he would get himself into serious trouble. But, in spite of that advice, if Rube could have seen his way to do anything he would have done it, and risked the consequences. Well, my dear, months passed, and we had no suspicion of the truth, nor any means to guide us to it. It was hard for me to believe that you had forgotten us"— "I never did that, Nurse, dear, never for one moment." "Indeed, my dear, I never did believe it, but my heart was very sad when I thought of you. So one year passed, and we had no news of you; another year passed, and you seemed to be dead to us; and still another year passed, and it did seem to me as if we should never see each other again. We saw nothing during the last two years of Mr. Edward— I may say that with out breaking my promise to him —and then, on a wonderful wonderful day, Rube came from the shop into our little sitting-room"— "The dear dear room!" I murmured. "I can see see it now." "He was very excited, and when he told me not to be excited, without telling me anything else, he made me, of course, a good deal worse than he was himself. 'What is it about?' I cried to him. 'What is it about ?' And when he said it was about you I thought I should have fainted. My dear, Rube presently brought Wolf into the room, and he gave me a letter from you. I was so blinded with my tears that I could hardly read it but I did succeed at last, and then I learnt the wicked wicked way in which you had been treated. I questioned Wolf and got out of him as much as I could"— "But Wolf cannot speak English, Nurse!" I exclaimed. "How could you understand what he said?" "My dear, he had been a very long time getting to us, and he had learnt a little English, and that is how it was. He is an extraordinary man, Lina"— "He is a noble friend," I said. "But for him I should never have had the happiness of hearing your sweet voice again." "I think you are right, my dear child; but we must thank God as well for helping him, and you, and all of us." "I do, dear Nurse. If it had not been that I placed my faith in the all-gracious Lord, had it not been that prayer sustained me, I should have gone mad, or should have died before this happy night!" "Dear Lina! My poor suffering child! Well, my dear, when I understood what had occurred I turned to Rube, and asked what had best be done. Excited as we had been before, we were a thousand times more excited now. 'You must go to her, Deb,' said Rube; 'you must go to her without a day's delay. But you can't go alone. There's no telling what might happen with such a wicked wretch as that woman'—you know whom he meant by that— 'to fight against. You must have a man with you, and if the worst comes to the worst, and we cannot get a proper man, I will put some one in charge of the shop, and go with you myself.' " "How good of him, Nurse," I said; "how good of him!" "He is the same as ever, dear. The same dear fine-hearted man that you knew him to be. I don't know what I should have done without him. My dear, the first thing he does is to make Wolf understand that he is to remain with us in the Borough till our plans are arranged, and then he puts the shop in my care and goes out. Where to, my dear? To Lorimer and Bathgate's office—that was bearding the lion in his den, wasn't it? He didn't intend to have much to say to Mr. Bath gate; it was Mr. Edward he wanted to get hold of, and he thought naturally he could get hold of him that way. You must know, my dear, that neither of us had been to that office for two years and more, and you may imagine how surprised Rube was to find the place shut up. There was no Lorimer and Bathgate—at least not in Mincing-lane, and nowhere else for that matter. But that did not discourage Rube; nothing does discourage him when he takes thing in hand. 'I am bound to see it through, Deb'—that is what he says—'I am bound to see it through;' and he does see it through better than any man I ever heard of. He makes inquiries, and he is out the whole live- long day. 'And I would have kept out the whole lifelong night,' he said to me when he got back, 'rather than be beaten.' He didn't want to find out where Mr. Bathgate was—we had had more than enough of him; he wanted to find out where Mr. Lorimer and his son were. Well, my dear, I don't know how he managed it, but manage it he did, and he comes home with an address where, he was told, he would be able to see them. At first; he thought of going himself, but on second thoughts he decided it would be best for me to go, and to take Wolf with me. This, we agreed, would be the right thing to do; so, early the next morning—really, my dear, at a little after 8 o'clock—Wolf and I were in a cab driving to the address Rube had obtained. Good fortune was on our side, Lina, for, as the cab drove up to the door of the little house in which Mr. Edward and his father are living, who should I see come out of it but Mr. Edward himself. It is on the tip of my tongue to tell you something about Mr. Edward here which made me very very sorry, but that would be breaking my promise to him, and I mustn't do it. No, my dear, he shall tell you everything himself, and I am sure you will pity him as much as I do. Mr. Ned receives me as kindly as ever, speaks as gently as ever, is as good hearted a gentleman as ever; but not quite so bright as he used to be— There! I am on the point of saying what I have no business to say. Yes, my dear, Mr. Edward meets me most kindly, but does not ask me into his house. He walks from it with me by his side, and Wolf following us, and as we walk I tell him the whole story as far as I know it. He was terribly agitated; interrupted me a hundred times; calls Wolf and questions him; and then says, trembling all over and as white as a ghost, that I must get back to the Borough at once, and that he will meet me at the shop in lest than an hour. He keeps his word, as he always does and will, and when he joins us he has a travelling bag with him. I knew by that sign that he was coming with us, and that your Aunt Parker would at last meet her match; for there was an expression on his face I had never seen there before. It is no breach of confidence, my dear, to tell you that there have been great changes in his circum stances, but that has not altered him a bit. He asked me to go through the whole affair again, and then he had a long private talk with Wolf. Never in my life have I seen a man in such a state as Mr. Edward was when Rube and I went into the parlour after his conversation with Wolf was over. He was trembling like a leaf; but after awhile he pulled himself together and said that we must start off that very night for this wretched miserable place. And we do, my dear; and I have nothing to tell you of what passed during the journey that I have a right to tell. We are here together, my dear child, never never to part again. Oh, how thankful I am—how thankful, how grateful!" I did not for a long time break the silence. It was in my mind to ask my dear nurse whether Ned was happy in his marriage, but the words stuck in my throat. There was something, however, I wanted to hear of another person— of Aunt Parker. "Where is she, Nurse," I asked. "Who, my dear?" "Aunt Parker." "She is gone, my dear child. I shouldn't wonder if we never saw her again. With all my heart I hope we shall not." "I hope so, too, Nurse. But what happened when you came to the door, and I fell into your arms? I only heard your voice and Neds"— his name in this form slipped from me unaware —"and my joy was so great that it overcame me. What happened then ?" "Your aunt," said Nurse Elliot, "seemed frightened at first, but she presently grew furious, and began to storm. She called us all sorts of names—she was really in such a rage that she seemed almost out of her mind—and said she would soon show us who was master. She rushed out of the hut, and returned with some of the villagers, who would have treated us badly, I believe, if it hadn't been for Wolf. He soon brought them to their senses, and they turned then against your aunt as they would have turned against us if it hadn't been for Wolf. They would have hurt her and Wolf wouldn't have stopped them, but Mr. Edward did. He persuaded them to let her go in peace. 'You shall smart for this,' she said to Mr. Edward. 'Be thankful,' was his reply to her, 'if you escape the law. You have not only done a wicked thing; you have done what may endanger your liberty.' 'Do your worst,' she snarled: 'I defy you.' As for me, my dear, she would have bitten me if she could have had her way; but it would have been bad for her if she had attacked me; I am as strong a woman as she is. However, there is nothing more to be frightened at, or to be feared from her; she can do no further harm. Heaven knows she has done enough! And now, my dear child, I have told you as much as I ought to do. You must get to sleep, so that you may be well enough to travel to-morrow. Mr. Edward has hired guides and mules to take you away, and in three or four days I hope we shall be in dear old England. Good night, dear child." "Good night, dear dear Nurse!" It was long before sleep came to me, there was so much to occupy my mind. Indeed, I was almost afraid to encourage sleep, for fear I might wake up and find that all the wonderful events of the day had been a dream. Nurse Elliot pretended to sleep, so that I might not exhaust myself by talking to her. I held her hand fast, and by degrees assured myself that my happy release was real. I thought much of Ned; I could not help it. What Nurse Elliot had said of him seemed to indicate that he had had trouble and had met with misfortune since he and I stood face to face. Ah, how long ago did it seem! But it made my heart beat with a joy that was not without pain to reflect upon the eager swift ness with which he had flown to my rescue. He was no longer my lover, but he was still my friend. How strange it was that Nurse Elliot had said nothing of his wife! But a little reflection convinced me that she did not speak of her because she did not wish to add to my sorrow. I heard the murmur of voices outside the hut; I distinguished Ned's voice, low as were the tones in which he was conversing with Wolf. Late in the night I feel asleep, and did not wake till late the following morning. Chapter LV. GOOD NIGHT, DEAR LINA. "I WOULD not disturb you, dear," said Nurse Elliot. "You were sleeping so peacefully. You look better, Lina." "I ought to look better," I replied; " I have been restored to life. It almost seems to me, Nurse, as if I have been raised from the grave." Breakfast was ready on the rude table. Nurse Elliot assisted me to dress, and it was another proof of her thoughtful kindness that she had brought some new clothes for me. I needed them sadly, and was truly grateful for them. Breakfast was soon over, and we went into the open. The guides with their mules were ready; Wolf and his wife were to accompany us, and Wolf told me that the gentleman had rewarded him well, and that he was satisfied. "See," said Wolf, "he has given me money, and this gold watch and chain, and ring as well. I am content." The purse in which the money was deposited was Ned's; there was nothing very strange in the circumstance of the presentation of the purse, but the watch and chain and ring puzzled me. Perhaps, I thought, Wolf was eager for his reward, and Ned, coming away in haste, did not come sufficiently provided with funds; so he satisfied the man by adding these trinkets. It would be my business to replace them when he arrived in England. Ned, who was at some little distance from the hut, did not come to me as I expected he would when I made my appearance. "Will he not speak to me, Nurse?" I asked. "He seems purposely to avoid me." "Shall I tell him to come, my dear ?" "Yes, please." He came, and I held out my hand to him. As he took it I saw the tears well in his eyes. The tears rose also in mine as I observed the great change that had taken place in him. It was not that he was less handsome, but it appeared as if the brightness of manner which had earned for him the name of Sunshine in the dear old days had departed. He looked older and graver, and he met my advances with marked constraint. Was he, then, oppressed by the consciousness that he had behaved ungenerously to me in having led me to be lieve that he loved me? It might be so. In that case it devolved upon me to mitigate any sorrow he might feel; it was I who must outwardly play the brave part, and show him that I bore him no resentment. It was for me to conceal what I felt at the sight of the man to whom my whole heart was given. Yes, I loved him still, but he must not see it, for his sake and mine. I had suffered much; I must suffer still; but it needed all the moral strength of my nature to suffer in silence now that I was in the presence of the man who had wounded me so deeply. "I do not know how to thank you," I said to him. His eyes wandered from my face; his lips quivered. "You have nothing to thank me for." he said. "By the sacrifice of my life I could not atone for the wrong I have done you." He was conscious of it, and acknowledged it. Had he then suffered as I had suffered, and should I rejoice in his woe? No; my heart went out to him, and I felt nothing but pity for him. He had had no sleep, and his face was haggard. "I kept you from your rest last night, I am tiraid," I said. "You were in my care," he replied. "I do not betray every trust." This all-absorbing remorse, evident in his humble attitude and in every self-accusing word he uttered, stirred me strangely. Once I had hoped to share his sorrows as well as his joys. His joys and mine were now for ever apart, but it would be a consolation to me, and might be to him, if I could make him feel that he had wronged me less deeply than he supposed. "Ned," I said, and he flushed at the utterance of the dear familiar name. "It is in my heart to say, now that we have met through your goodness, that during the lonely years I have passed in this place a better kind of wisdom has come to me than it would ever have been my privilege to enjoy had my life been un troubled. Let what is painful and foolish in the past be forgotten. Let us commence afresh a firm and faithful friendship. Believe me I will not be false to it, and I will strive to make myself worthy of it." "For God's sake," he cried, "say no more! I am not worthy of your friendship." He would have turned from me, but I had taken his hand, and I would not allow him to leave me thus. While we were conversing my nurse had beckoned Wolf and the guides away, so that Ned and I were out of hearing. It was a delicate and thoughtful act, but when was that dear woman unmindful and unthoughtful of me? "I said, this morning, to my dearest friend," I continued, and I looked towards Nurse Elliot, "that I felt as if I had been raised from the grave. It is you who have done this for me. Will you deprive me of the happiness of showing my gratitude to you? You must not, indeed you must not!" "I will add no wrong," he said, "to that I have already committed. Your pity and sweet patience are like coals of fire to my heart. I will hide nothing from you. Long ago I re solved, if it should ever be at once my happi ness and my misery to meet the lady I have so foully wronged, that I would make full con fession to her. When we arrive safely in Eng land, and you are in the care of loving friends, this shall be done, and you shall judge me." "Let it be so," I said. "Till then, at least, we can be true friends." And I mentally added, "And always afterwards, while life remains." "It is impossible," he said. "I will not allow you to juggle with justice. You do not know'— "That you are married," I said, and the pity I had for him sweetened my voice. " Yes, Ned, I have known it for years." "That I am married!" he exclaimed in a tone of amazement. "Who told you this?" "My aunt," I replied. "When your letter arrived—it pained me sorely, Ned, but time and prayer have softened the blow—she in formed me of your marriage"— "My marriage!" he cried, and now he looked me full in the face. "She spoke falsely. I am not married. I paid court to no lady but you. Base and worthless I am, but not so base and worthless as that act would have made me, Lina!" So dazed was I with joy to discover that he had been true to me that I had almost fallen to the ground, and he had uttered my name as he threw his arm around me to support me. I recovered quickly, and he instantly released me, saying humbly: "Forgive me." I did not reply; I wanted to think. What he had said pointed to some strange mystery quite foreign to the wrong I supposed he had done me. Within the last minute the world had grown brighter, and a golden thread was shining in my life which I had thought was so forlorn and desolate. It was impossible for me to fathom the meaning of such an expres sion as "By the sacrifice of my life I could not atone for the wrong I have done you." I swiftly resolved not to pursue the matter any farther at present. When we arrived in Eng land all would be cleared; meanwhile there was nothing to disturb the happiness which had so suddenly befallen me. Liberty was mine, and Ned was true! What more could I desire? I beckoned to Nurse Elliot, and she came to me. "My dear," she said, with a bright smile, "you are looking like your old self already. Has anything happened?" "Yes, Nurse," I replied; "something so sweet and beautiful has happened that I can see happiness for me in the future. Say nothing to Ned; he has a confession to make, and I must bide his time. But remember this, Nurse —whatever he has to say to me when we get to England, nothing can ever stop between me and him." "My child! My dear child!" "It comes out of my heart of hearts to tell you this, Nurse. I can have no secrets that you should not share." "You love him still, Lina?" she whispered. "Yes, Nurse, I love him still; I have loved him always, but I thought we were separated for ever. It is not so; Ned is true to me—Ned is true to me! But it is our secret, dear Nurse, yours and mine, and no one must know until the sorrow is lifted from his heart." All this time I had forgotten Mad Maxwell, and now I inquired after him. "Your aunt took him with her, said Nurse Elliot, "when she went away last night. Was he in league with her against you?" "He is more sinned against than sinning, Nurse. I hope and trust that I may see him again, and that it will be in my power to be good to him." In a little while we started homewards. Homewards! Homewards! Never till now had I realised the beauty of the little word Home. It was the cradle of love and joy, and I whispered to myself again and again: "Home, home! And Ned is true to me, and Ned is true!" As we journeyed to the valleys he would have kept apart from me, but I invented a thousand pretexts to draw him to my side. If I could lift the sorrow from his heart it should be done —to this I was firmly resolved. He loved me. I saw this clearly in his inward struggles against the arts I used; but in this battle of love he should not conquer and bring misery upon himself and me. I was not ashamed that he should see my heart. Had it not been already bared to him in the past? I owed him reparation for the ready ear I had given to Aunt Parker's false report of him; it was I who had wronged him, not he who had wronged me. How fair and beautiful was everything around me!—the sweet air, the lovely flowers, the rippling waterfalls, the bright sky, all pulsed with love, and I was truly happy. So we made our way to the port from which we took ship to dear old England. "When we arrive at Dover," I said to Ned, "you have it in your mind to leave me." "Yes," he said, "I shall leave you then. You are no longer in danger, and my poor task is accomplished." "It is not accomplished, Ned," I said boldly, "and will not be unless you accompany me to the very door of Rube's shop. I insist upon it." "I will obey you," he said in a low tone. "Ned, you have not spoken of your dear father." "No, I have not spoken of him." "He is well, I hope." "He is much broken." "I am sorry to hear that—truly truly sorry, You live together, do you not?" "Yes." "You will give him my dear love, Ned, will you not? and ask him if he cannot come to see me soon; whether I may not come to see him? But, indeed, I shall not wait for permission." "I beg of you not to come. The shock will be too great. Wait till you have heard what I have to say; then you will never wish to see him or me again." "You are wrong, Ned, entirely wrong. Of course, I have no idea what is in your mind while you speak so strangely; but you have promised to make everything clear to me." "I will keep my promise." "When? It must be soon—within three days of our arrival home." "Yes, within that time." "I must be content till then," I said gaily. I would not take notice of his mournful tones. "Ned, is it true that you are not so rich as you were?" "I am a poor man," he replied. "I am sorry. Do you no longer carry on the business?" "The Lorimers have lost their place. The firm is dissolved." "Riches are not needed for happiness, Ned. If it were so, how the poor are to be pitied! But it is not so." "No man can be happy," said Ned sternly, and the fancy came upon me that he was like a man who was about to plunge a dagger into bis own heart, "when he is haunted by the shadow of a crime." "Ned!" I cried. "For God's sake," he said, "say no more! Wait till you receive my confession. Deal with me justly then. I do not, I dare not, ask for mercy!" His anguish was so evident and sincere that I would not question him farther, but I took pains to make him understand that he could not drive me from him. We had fine weather all the way, and the sun was shining brightly when we landed on English ground. We had but a few minutes to wait to catch the train, and in the evening we found ourselves in London. Rube was at the station to meet us. I learnt afterwards that Ned had sent him telegrams from place to place to acquaint him with our progress, and he had actually engaged a carriage to take us to the Borough. I cannot describe Rube's delight. His face fairly beamed, and I do not know what ex travagances he would not have committed had not my dear nurse sobered him by a few sensible words. But she was as delighted as he, though she was not so demonstrative, and she whispered to me over and over again: "Did you ever see such a man, my dear— did you ever see such a man?" In fulfilment of his promise Ned got into the carriage with us, and we were soon standing in the dear old shop. My eyes were filled with happy tears, and I heard Rube say to Ned: "Won't you come inside, sir?" "No, thank you," was Ned's reply; "I am anxious about my father. I must hurry home." Rube and Nurse Elliot suddenly dis appeared, and Ned and I were alone. "When shall I see you again?" I asked. "To-night?" "No," said Ned, "you will not see me till I have shown you what I am. I will be no party to a shameful deceit. You shall see me in my true colours and then it will be for you to act. If I dared, I would give you one word of advice." "Give it to me, Ned." "Do not rely upon yourself; do not trust yourself. When you have read what I shall put into your hands, consult some experienced person who will advise you how to act." I made no effort to understand him, and I would not thwart his humour. "Whatever it is, Ned," I said, " I shall know how to act." And then, after a little pause, I added, "I have made one mistake, and I rely upon your generosity to correct it. You will assist me, will you not?" "If I can." "I asked you to make everything clear to me within three days, but your words are so full of mystery that I do not think I can bear the suspense." "What do you wish?" "You intend to write to me." "Yes." "Let me have your letter to- morrow morning. Do not put me to the pain of waiting longer." "It shall be as you desire." "Thank you, Ned. And I shall see you to morrow—not in the morning, for I see that it will not be agreeable to you. But in the evening." "I shall not come to you unless you send for me." "You will come if I send for you?" "I am bound to do so," he said. "There is nothing more to be said. Good- night." "There it something more. Do you wish to make me very unhappy?" "To see you happy would be a happiness to me, who never hoped to be so." "How easy it is, then, for both of us! Dur ing the whole time you have been with me you have only once called me Lina, and then, I think, it came from your lips unaware. Say now to me, 'Good-night, dear Lina.' " He covered his face with his hands, and turned from me. O, Ned, dear Ned! In that convulsed movement you betrayed yourself; I saw your heart, and it made mine rejoice. "Say it, Ned, I beg, I implore you! Say it as you used to do in the dear old times. I do not, I will not, share your forebodings. All will be bright and happy for us—believe me, Ned; believe me! Do not sadden this happy hour for me. Think of what I have suffered, and say, 'Good-night, dear Lina!' " I took his hands from his face, and saw that it was bathed in tears. "Ned, dear Ned! Say it from your heart." "From the depths of my heart,' he said, in a broken voice, "I say, 'Good-night, dear Lina!' " [TO BE CONCLUDED NEXT WEEK.] 