THE MERCURY TUESDAY, JULY 27, 1886. According to the latest telegraphic news the Imperial Government has at last made the discovery that the French have serious designs in the New Hebrides, and has formally notified that it does not mean to allow the is- lands to be annexed. It ia rather amusing lo notice the long time which it has taken the Imperial Govern- ment to reach these two conclusions, and we think that we may say that they would not have been reached now. but for the energetic fashion in which the Agent General for Victoria, Sir Graham Berry, has pressed the case for the Colonies, or rather we ought to say, perhaps, for his Colony. For, whatever hia faults may be, and however much he may-have blundered when dealing with constitutional questions, no one can accuse him of want of vigour in supporting the particular view which he may take up, and we fancy that his energy, as representative of the energy of the Colonies, must be rather startling to the Home Government. For, if we are to judge by what has taken place for some yejrs past, energetic and decided action is about the last manifestation that we should expect on the part of aGladstone Ministry, or, indeed, of any British Ministry when the Colonies are in ques- tion. What is more, there is still a wonderful degree of ignorance in regard to all Colonial questions on the part of the very beat informed London journals! which are so amusingly prone to patronise the Colonies, and look down upon the colonists, even whilst they profess to be impressed with their development and their enterprise. For example, we find in the very last number of the Saturday Review the announcement gravely made that the French have despatched an armed force from Noumea to Kew Caledonia, and wo are told that this is very serious news, because the Colonists are resolved to keep the French out of New Caledonia at all hazards. We might have taken this announcement as a mere slip of the pen such as may happen to the best regulated journalist, but for the fact that the I statement is repeated in various ways with the greatest gravity, at if the writer felt that what he might say about the Colonies was of the very utmost impor- tance. Had a Colonial writer made such a slip-one equivalent to laying that the Dutch have sent an expedition to capture Holland-he would, no doubt, have heard of it in many ways, and there, would have been sundry patronising re- ferences to colonial journalism. Then, again, we find in the very last number of St. James' Budget a statement that apples and pears are not at home in Victoria] which is the country of the vine, the peach, and orange, and which in this respect is ranked with South Australia. The writer does not know that many parts of Victoria are as cold as some parts of England, that the grape will not fully ripen in them, and that, as for growing oranges, it would be almost as easy to grow coconuts. We only call attention to these mistakes to show how littlo real attention ia yet paid to the Colonies, even by writers in periodicals which rank bb amongst the very best that are published in the United Kingdom, and which have a way of lecturing the colonists such as ought to make us better, if only we cou'd be got to appreciate the wisdom of our teachers. But, as it un- fortunately happens, this lack of precise information lies at the bottom of | much of the present and prospective, mischief which these Colonies have suffered and are likely to suffer. It was ignorance and indifference which allowed the present difficulties to grow up at all. A very little forethought would have avoided them altogether, and there never could have been a question as to whether the French should have New Caledonia, not to speak of the New Hebrides. But, the Colonist Office did not know and did not ca'e. It was heedless of the warnings of Sir George Grey, given twenty years ago, it has'only just begun to listen to the remonstrances of tho Colonies, and even now it does not, we fear, take the trouble to fully master the situation. The question which ' the Colonies are now concerned to ask above all others is : Haa Great Britain yet * Colonial policy ? Judging by tho way in which mattera have gone on of late in regard to the New Hebrides, we should say that no such thing as a distinct policy of any kind has been thought of ; and, what is more, that there are no public men in Great Britain who think it worth while to study the relations of the Colonies to the Mother Country. This is partly due, we believe, to the theory, now so common, though not so common as it was 20 year ago, that human foresight counts for little or nothing in the development of nations. Formerly the practice was to meddle and muddle, and the reaction against that has caused the opposite extreme to become an article of faith, with even, probably, more disastrous 'consequences. The United States are always a standing evidence of the falsity of this view of the duties and the powers of statesmen, for they are what may be called an artificial product of human intelligence applied to the solu- tion of a novel problem. The Govern*, ment of, the United States is evidence of the power of tren of earnestness and capacity to solve an apparently insoluble problem, that is, to unite communities whose interests were widely different, and which had learned to cherish' an indepen danoo of their own. The Confederation was turned into the Federation which we now see by the force of argument mainly; for interests were still adverse, yet all attempts to show the conditions on which the Colonies may unite with Mother* Country are regarded 'with stolid in- credulity, and most of the London 'papers refuse to publish anything "which questions i the absolute and everlasting supremacy of the House of Commons. on Conciliation with America, put the ease as it was then understood, and we cannot do better than quote his words to show the change that has > como abouti He said :-" The Parliament of Great Britain sits at the head of an extensivo Empire in two capacities, one as the local legislative of this Island, providing for all things at Home, immediately, and by no other' instrument than the executive power. The other, and I think the nobler capacity, is what ? I call her Imperial character, in whioh, as from the throne of heaven, Bhe superintends the inforior legislatures, and guides and controls them all, without annihilating any.It is necessary to coerce the negligent, to re- strain the violent, to aid the weak and deficient, ' by ' the overruling penti- tude of her' power." This view of the functions of the Imperial Parliament will be said at first sight to bo no longer true, though, undoubtedly,, that Par- liament is^sU'l/ supreme, ? because the local Parliaments are never interfered with. But, who shall Biy how long this will last? If there was a war, and one Colony refused to do any- thing for the general defence, what would 'happen then 1 Would not tho other Colonies and tho Imperial Govorrinent coerce the traitorous one, in order to pre- serve the general safety ? It seems to follow, then, that what ia required ia aome goneiul representative body, which shall act in the name of the whole Empire, and shall be able to do, within certain bounds, what Burkb declared was the function of the Imperial Parliament. Thus, after all, we como back to tho con cluaion reached in regard to this queation of the New Hebtidea, that what is urgently wanted is, b body whose func- tion shall bo to look after the interests of the Empire, for, clearly, the Imperial Par- liament has now neithorthopowor nor the time to do bo etfectuvlly in these days of new development-). In other words, n body is necessary which the Colonies will agree to let do what Burke described as [ the function of the Imperial Parliament, but which, admittedly, no longer can fulfil that function. The result of the elections yesterday must, on the whole, be iccoivedwith ijeiieial satis- faction. At the time wo wiite the returns are not sufficiently complete to enable us to Bay piecisely what aro the total íesults, but enough is known to show that they aro very nearly what wo desired and piedicted lu the first place the Ministiy has been fully \ indicated, bo far as the polling could do so. The peisisteut attacks which have been made for months past on" the cicdit of tho Colony and the financial honesty of the Ministiy, have been lcbuked ^as they should bo, for tho most supcificial ob- server could not fail to see how uttcily hollow they weio. ' Indeed, wo can only wonder that any Bet of menj no matter how much they may be carried a» ay by party ¿cal, should so far forget themselves as to persistently declare that their opponents are practically scoundrels, seeing how easy it is to retort upon themselves, and how they help to degrade the public life of tile Colony. How* ever, the largo majority obtained by Mr.' Dodds, and the certain majority which Mr. Burgess will obtain when the poll for his district shall be complete, afford a sufficient answer to tho charges made, and will prove, we hope, a lesson to those whose reckless abuse has recoiled upon themselves. For,' wo may ask, where is that party now ? It is possible when the final results arc known that one or tn o of them may bo returned j mainly from private motives, but, on the whole, it must bo agreed i that the election is a triumph for Ministers. It is true that the Minister of Lands was returned for Cumberland without a contest, owing to a very stupid mistako of bia opponent, but it ia also eel tain that Mi. Brown would have been elected by a large majority had a contest taken place. We must conclude, therefore, that the majority of the electors think that Ministers 'have done their work vei y well, and that the îeckless attacks made upon them have no wariant in the facts of the case. In looking over the returns from the country districts we soo BC\eral candidates rejected whom we should like to have seen returned, and who, « e think, would lm\c been returned had not local in- fluences tended to their defeat. On the whole, ho» ovor, there is a very fair sprink- ling of new and good men, and it is certain that tho noxt Assembly will bo very diffeienti fiom the last. Though we think that an Opposition merely for the sako of having one is a gross blunder in these Colonies, where there is little scope for .imitating the House of Commons, still w-c'shall bo well pleased to seu an efficient criticism of all Ministerial proposals,1 and, if possible, a moro prompt despatch of busi- ness than has been the éustbrn for sonio years past. On tho whole, we think that Ministers will stmt with a fair chance of having, all that they deserve »ml can ex- pect; a trial on their merits,*and that tlio' business of the session will not begin with a ciiaia. We know that there afew labid^old. members who hunger and thirst fotvofiicc, who at o ready to lead oil' with a vote of want of confidence, but, tis far as wo can judge, the result of thoolcction ia likely to cool their ardout, for thcro will be enough independent membci a to gh e Ministers a fair chance to justify themselves. This is as it should be, so that 'we must pronounce the election on the whole to be satisfactory. Caulk News.-A test of jarrah timber from Western Australia has proved so suc- cessful that a trade with great Britain is expected to result. In consequence of op- position fermented by the railway interesta the proposed floating of a loan for construc- tion of a ship canal from Manchester to Liverpool has been withdrawn. It is pro- posed in America to organise a testimonial to Mr. Gladstone, and a proposition is also on foot to erect a statue of him in Dublin. Lord Iddesleigh (Sir Stafford Northcote) ia named as the new Secretary for Foreign Affairs, Telkorafiiic.-The following was posted at the Telegraph Office yesterday :-" Sin- gapore notifies Singapore Saigon cable inter- rupted for repairs. Expect i eu to rat ion to- day. The Bridgewater Railway Accident. -Tlie Government .have instructed the Enginecr-in-Chief, to'report upon thc.recent railway accident at* the swing bridge at Bridgewater. Mr, Fincham will proceed to the scene of the disaster this morning. j I Railway Dmasts* Rklief Fund.-Re- ferring to the proposaUmadc that Borne re- lief should be extended to the family of the Uté William Shaw, th* stoker killed at Bridgewater, the bon. secretary, Mr. Bay- ley, has received the following communica- tion frotn Mr. Grant, manager of the T.M.L' Railway :-*' Dear sir,-The sugges- tion ybii made in regard to the widow of the unfortunate, fireman (Shaw ) is a most excellent one, and is such as I intended to ask you to submit to the committee at the instance of the railway subscribers to the fund. Should the committee assent to this view I would ask you to increase my subi scription 'to tho joint fund to £10 10s. (Signed) C. H. Grant.'' Other subscribers may well follow Mr. Grant's example. Probates.-The following probates have been issued:-William Hutchinson to Helen Hutchinson, £4,630; William Bone, to Harriet Bone and Charles Butler, £1,700 ; Edward Green to James Evans,- £23; Samuel Thomas Young to William Ringrose Devereux Hurburgh and William James Lindsay, £165 ; Mark Redburn to John WiIliam Falkiner, £387 ; and Thomas Chatters to Edwin Walter Goodwin and Richard Charles Goodwin, £30. Letters of administration of the unadministred estate of John Monk, were granted to Henry Simpson, the estate being sworn under £1,400. Corrections-In letter signed " M. T." appearing ,in yesterday's issue, the word ." Bcctaiiun,".. ni the 21st line of paragraph tinco, should havo been " secular. In letter 8¡gned " G. Fitzgerald," " principal .factions" should read " piincipal factois.'! The sentence "'but aa tho significant con- junction, or in bia own stating of the ques- tion does not permit this liberty," should lead "butas the significant "or," iu his own stating of the question, does not permit this liberty." Railway v. Holeürook Juniors.-Mr.' A, W, L. Hudson, captain of tho Holelnook Juniois, writes :-" Your report of tho above match, played on Saturday, states that time waa called by the umpiie at 4-40 p.m., or 10 minutes before timo was up. As a matter of fact, wo played for 25 minutes each quarter, and had 10 minutes' spell at half time. The match began at 3 o'clock, and timo vwis called at 4'50 p.m.! I cannot understand why your report con' sidered the match so one-sided, the result having proved as much to the contrary, Will you kindly insert the above, and oblige." The Australian-Sketcher.-This pro- duction, to hand from Messrs, J. Walch and Sons, for the current month,' is an excellent number. It contains a series of excellent views of the recent volcanic disturbances in New Zealand, and thei e is a colom ed supple- ment, representiug three typical diggers engaged in a friendly game of cribbage m a goldfield store. ' CHEAP' Literature.-Routlédge's Three- penny Series of standard works contain this month a capital series of " Tales from Shakespeare." His Natural Life.-Mr. George Leiteh's drama bearing this title has been a great success in Melbourne, having run for a month, the receipts for the first week being £1,200. Its success has of course brought forth a full crop of other adaptations of Marcus Clark's famous work, but these are merely pages cut from the novel, and more or less clumsily strung together. Mr. Leitch has gone on different lines, and carefully condensed and dramatised the story. A correspondent, writing from Melbourne, says:-" Several of these imitators are try- ing to get into Hobart. If the manager, in his eagerness to let the Theatre, admits one of them, the production will probably disap- point Hobart playgoers,, as Mr. Leitch's version is the only one which shows picturesics of Tasmania specially painted for the pro- duction." BENEFIT Performances.-The programme of the performances to be given in the Town Hall to-morrow evening, in aid of the mother of the unfortunate lad Clark, who recently met with an accidental death in The Mercury office, appears in our advertising columns. The friends who have bestirred themselves in the good cause have prepared an excellent bill of fare, and acting on the principal that " many can help one " have secured, the services of a host of amateur talent, A good many tickets have already been dis- posed of, and it scarcely heeds saying that the object is a most deserving one, and that all possible support and encouragement will be well applied. DEATH OF A TASMANIAN.-We have to- day to chronicle the intelligence of the death of Mrs. F. Lamprill, wife of Mr Frederick Lamprill, of Brighton, at Hobart. Acting on the advice of her medical attend- ant, Dr. Benjafield, she was induced to pay a visit to consult the eminent Dr. Keith, at Edinburgh, Scotland, and left Tasmania in November last, arriving back in Tas- mania the end of March. During the last few weeks her medical attendant pronounced her recovery as being hopeless, and she passed away early this morning, the 26th inst. Mrs. Lamprill was a daughter of the late Mr. Joseph Stevens, who, at his death, left four sons and two daughters, the oldest and only surviving daughter being the wife of our townsman, Mr. J. Cummins, of Liver- pool- street, and the two sons, one who is engaged in, pastoral pursuits in Western Australia, and the youngest son who, is at Clyde, New Zealand. Her father and eldest brother were well-known in educational and musical circles, being members of the Glee Club conducted by the late Mr. Tapfield, and who took part in all oratorios, etc. Mr. E. A. Lamprill, the successful Tasmanian scholar, who has entered at Corpus Christi, Oxford, to study for the law, is the eldest son, and who has given promise of a success- ful and brilliant educational career. The deceased lady had only arrived back in Tas- mania in time to say farewell to him pre- vious to his sailing for Europe, and the sad intelligence of her death will be much felt by him. Singular to record is the fact that both Tasmanian scholars have suffered family bereavement upon entering their university life, and much sympathy is felt for them. DEATH IN THE TRAIN. - We learn from Sergeant Oakes that a boy named Devereux, who had resided at Brighton, coming to town at 10.30 a.m. yesterday, in the train, died before he got to South Bridgewater. The boy was aged about six years, and was suffering from a severe attack of croup. Scholastic.-The Melbourne Age of the 17th inst. says :-" The result of the exami- nations for the Bromby prize in Biblical Greek, which is open to all graduates of the University who have resided for two years at Trinity College, were announced yester- day. The prize has been taken by the Rev. E. J. Barnett, B.A. Proxime accessit : Rev. W. Charles Pritchard, M.A. The examination was conducted by the Rev. Canon Vance, the Rev. Canon Potter, and the Warden. Mr. Barnett is a Tasmanian, and the son of Mr. William Barnett, the conductor of the State school, Ross." HOSPITAL ITEMS. - The following cases were treated at the General Hospital yester- day: G. H. Wakefield, piano-tuner, Har- rington-street, for a crushed toe, and Wm. Johnston, constable Territorial Police, Sandy Bay, for a dislocated shoulder, sustained through baring been thrown-out of a'cart. A Pt-UCKY Tasmanian.-Tho | following paragraph, taken from the Mudijce Indepen- dent, records au act of bravery on tho part of a son of Mr. Kearney, of New Town, ohd^ should prove of lintcicst to his Hobart friends :-" A little 4yr.-old child of îfï. R. Hickson, of Coonamble,- narrowly escaped drowning tho other day. It fell into tho Castlereagh, which was nearly a banker, and but for tho bravery and pluck of Mr. J. N. Kearney, a printer at tho Coonamhie Times office, tho little fellow must have perished. Mr. Kearnoy, however, plunged into tho swift-Howing stream without divesting him- self of any of his apparel, and icscueil the child, who had beon carried bomo consider- able distance down tho stream. When a man hulls himself into a stream' such as tlio Castlereagh is in flood he displays uncommon courage, which should meet with that recog- nition invariably accorded the brave." ' j Citv Police Court.-Mr. Wm. Tarleton, P.M. and Alderman Hiddlestone, were 1 in attendanco at the City Police Court yester- day. Mina Cleary and Charles Lynam,' for being drunk and disorderly were each fined ue. or seven days' imprisonment. ' Robert Johnson, Susan Costolla and Ma*y Chamber- lain, charged with having committed breaches of the peace, were each fined ii«, with the alternative of se ten days in gaol. Rachael Thompson, a very old offender, pleaded not guilty tof charge of vagrancy. Constable Goucher proved the charge, and the prisoner was sent to gaol for three months. Wm. Cowly, for a similar offence, was sent to the New TownCharitablo,Institution. John Meredith, for disturbing the peaca ut New Town waa fined Ss. or seven days. St. David's Concert.-The public are reminded by advertisement that the concert, under the auspices of the Guild of Persever- ance, takes place this evening, in the school- room, Harrington-street. The largo number of tickets already sold, and the excellence of the programme to be submitted, warrahtthc opinion that it will prove one of the most successful yet held in connection with St. David's parish. It ia probable that Bishop Sandford will honour tho concert with his presence. r ' \ . All Saints' Association Concert.-Re- minder is given that this entertainment will take place on Friday evening next, when a programme consisting of choice selec- tions will bo rendered by many of our favourite amateurs. The fine " Lipp " piano kindly lent by Messrs. Walch, and Sons will be used on this occasion. ' ' j Oiioan Recital.-Tho programme of an organ recital, to bo given by Dr. Miller in the Town Hall on Wodncsday, appears in our advertising column. Special prominence is to bo given at this recital to selections from tho works of John Sebastian Bach, the recital occurring on the anniversary of the composer's death. ' -j i .Holt TihnityGotld BAZAAR-'-To-night, there will bo a grand waxworks show at the bazaar, and a promenade concert'during in- tervals. These additional attractions to the bazaar itself, will, no doubt, conduce to à very large attendance. iu ' ! Y.M.C.A.-The usual Gospel temperance mooting in connection with this association was held on Saturday evening. The attend* ance was not so good as on previous i occa- sions, no doubt owing to the, - election meet- ings which wore held in various parts of the town. The Rev. F. Shann presided, and filled tbo chair with credit,'Mr. H. Stevens^ a friend of the cause from launceston, npokç effectively, and the usual, programme was presented, and at the close of meeting the pledge-card was brought into requisition. ! .'Hobart Gas Company.-Tho half-yearly general meeting of the" shareholders jof this company will be held at tlio office of the company, Macquario street, on ¡Wednesday the 4th piox., to receivo tlio direetois' ro poi t, and transact other, important business! Tasmanian Steam Navigation Company! -Tho ordinary half-yearly meeting of the shareholders of tho company will be held on 12th proximo. i ' * Hohart Kennel Club.'- The .annual general meeting of nieuibcis'of this club will be held on Thursday evening next, to adopt report and balance-sheet, revision of rules, and to mako.aiiangemcnts for,the next show. ' ' Train Alteration.- On and after Wednesday, the 2Sth inst., the liains lately running between Hobart and Parattah, will 'hot proceed boyond Jerusalem until further notice. j 1 Mysterious Noises.-Apropos of ghosts and haunted houses, the experience of one of tho membors of tlio Seyburt Investigation Committee is rather inteicsting. Ile is a professor at tho University of Pennsylvania, and resides in the suburbs of Philadelphia. At a coi tain hour each day ono of the wlndowB in his house rattles quite violently! and this entirely independent of wind aird weather. Natuially, the gentleman was considerably puzzled at the phenomenon, for while there was absolutely no visible causo appuient, each day biought this manifestation of activity on tim part of his othorwiso quiet window. He deter* mino.1 to discover tho cause, and thought 'at once of the railroad which - ran but a short distance fiom his homo! He found, however, that no tiains were in 'the vicinity at that timo of day. Tho recurrence of the noise at piccisely the samo hour so fur impiusscd him witli tho belief that it must havo a connection with some/ well observed time table, that ho pushed his investigations further, and in- cluded another raihoad several miles distant. On comparing his obscivation with the train schedule, the significant fact was discovcicd that a heavy train passed a spot within two or three miles of the houso at about the samo time that tho window rattled. Following this clue, he examined the rock formations, and found that an otitci opping ledgo which received the full foiee of the ti am vibra tiona cane to au end immediately under his window. This gave a batisfactoi y explana- tion of a phenomenon which in tho hands of a less investigative person would have been sufficient foundation for a mild ghost story. Monsieur Maurice, Buckingham Houso, Davoy-street, announces that ho will com monee drawing and painting classes on the 2nd prox. _ ' 