THE V.H.C. 2fS»V YEAR'S DAY MEETING. (FEOSI OCR 3IELBOOT3TE COEEESPOITDESX.) FLEMISCTON, Friday. Ltie JSew dear's Day meeting held under the auspices of the premier racing club is always a favorite day with the true lovers of the sport, and it is also a popular day with the public, as the racing is generally good, and there is not that crash one gets at the great spring meeting, which enables one to move about, see friends, and generally enjoy the outing- The weather, which daring the last few days has been a trifle too warm to be pleasant, underwent a slight change to day* Morning dawned very bright and fur, and I before the sun was a couple of hoars ap there was every appearance of a regular *® roaster." Towards 10 o'clock, however, * change was evident and it proved a very agreeable one. A moderate southerly wind sprang ap, and, although the sky was some* what overcast and a few drops of rain fell, it was apparent that there was not likely to be a heavy downpour. The railway and road arrangements for conveying visitors to the coarse were the same as usual, and, although there was a good attendance, one missed the excitement, crash, and bustle of the Cap meeting. His Excellency the Governor, together with Lady Loch andsnite, arrived before the first race started, and remained all the afternoon. Zelman's Australian military band occupied their usual position on the lawn; and pet formed a good and varied selection of popular music, which was greatly appreciated- The bill oi fare provided for the afternoon's sport contained seven events, and was of that varied class which suits all sorts, whilst the added money totted up to the very respectable amount of £2350. Business commenced with the Normanby Stakes, a 5 furlong flutter for the juveniles, and the whole 9 on the card faced the starter, Maddelina, who was the favorite, did a gallop on her own account for a few minutes before she could be got to the post. She got away well and won with the greatest of ease from Dividend, G»dHy being third. Ti»e Standish Plate brought out a field of 19. Sheet Anchor was freely supported at the short price of 1 to 1, several others being also backed, the winner (Duration) being a 10 to 1 chance; Bohemian being second, and Chucks ter .> third. Eleven horses started for the"Hurdle race, which proved fatal to Gasalier, as she came down at the htirdle opposite- the stand and broke her leg. and had to be destroyed. Insolvent won rather easily from Knetop. Grattan being third. Only three sttirt^d for the Bagot Plate, and the Melbourne Cup winner was backed at 5 to 2 on him. The first part of the race was very slow, which suited Sheet Anchor, and he won easily from Reginald by half a length, Fiist Prince bang three lengtha ofL -JChe Steeple chase brongbt ont a field of sev*ii, Wymlet being installed" favorite. He was soon ont of it, as he fell at the end of the straight, and Lizstte came down at the next fence. Lady Ashton led most of the wa3% but once in the straight Merndersoon disposed of her, and won easily by six lengths, Xative being : third, a dozen lengths off.-In the Midsummer Handicap, the field was reduced to nine from the 31 on the card, and, although Lesbia was made the favorite, Deration and Chuckster, from their previous running, were also well backed. There was a grand race home, ending in favor of the Standish Plate irinner by three-quarters of a length from Chnckster, Camerine third. The Criterion Stakes, which wound up the day's sport, produced five runners,The !Nun being made a hot favorite at C to.4. on her. She never gave her backers any cause for fear, as, after entering the coarse proper, she gal* loped in an easy winner by two lengths, Mainsail being second, and St. Panl third. Annexed are the details of the different events r Tub iCoaSL&NBT; SlAKES-Of 105OV5 with 400 added. For 2 years old. -The second horse to receive 50sovs, and the third 25sovs. Five fnr longs. Hon. W*. A. Long's chf Maddelina (including 71b penalty), 9st (Robertson) .. 1 S. G. Cook's br c Dividend, Sst 101b (Power) - 2 J. G.Rei<Tsbrf Gadfly, Sst Tibs (Williams) - 3 Blondin, First Consul, Damocles, llunwyrtina, Retort, and Louisa Beria also started. Betting-Even on 31addeliiia, 4 to 1 Dividend, C to S to 1 others. Time, ltuiu ojsec. k StAS&isn; Plate.-or Oauvs. cadi, with 650 added. Second horse to receive loosova., and the third 50sovs. One mile. J. Cripps* blk h Duration, 5yrs, 7st Gib (Brown) . . 1 T. Jones* br h Bohemian, 5yrs, 7st Gib (Flanagan) 2 J}. SL Wallace's b h Chcckster, aged, Sst 9lb (Robertson) .. 3 Sheet Anchor, iloonshee, Stafford, The Ghost, Lord Wilton, Anchorite, Seahorse, Claptrap, Remus, Al banus, Uncas, Lavington, 3Iennan, Gardenia, Childe Harold, and Islander also started. Betting-2 to 1 Sheet Anchor, 7 to 1 Seahorse and Claptrap, S to 1 Gardenia, Albanus, Remus, and Chuckster, 10 to 1 The Ghost, Bohemian, Dotation, and Lavingtou. Time, twin. 42isec. llmDLE RACE.-OfSsovs. each, with 200 added. Se cond horse to receive SOsovs. About two miles. J. Ware's b g Insolvent, 5yrs, lOst 121b (Scobie) .. 1 JL O'Connors trhilaster Pinetop, aged, lOstSlb ttt'Leod) .. 2 R. Claim's chhG rattan, Cyrs,9st 101b (llnht) .. 3 Gasalier, Yulcan, General Jackson, Waverley, Dis tiller, Falcon, Kooh'te, and Cockboat also started. Betting-3 to 1 Waverley and Falcon, 4 to 1 Grattan and Gasalier, 5 to 1 Insolvent, C and S to 1 others. Time, 3inin. SSJsecs. The BAGOT PLATE.-Of 5 sovs each, with 350 added : second horse to receive 100 sovs. "Weight for age. One mile and three quarters. 3L Louyhlin's br h Sheet Anchor, aged, Ost 31b (O'Brien) .. 1 S. 3Iartin'sbh Reginald, iyrs, 9st31b (including 31b penalty) (Robertson) .. 2 3L 0*Shanas5y't» br c First Prince, 3yrs> Sst 51b (including Sib penalty) iMoore) - - 3 Betting-5 to 2 on Sheet Anchor, 3 to 1 Reginald, 7 to 1 First Prince. Time, 3in?n. 20sec. Steetleouse.-Of 5 sovs, %vith 300 added ; the second horse to receive 50 sovs. and the third 25 sovs. About three tnlles. 5\. Millers b gileruder, Syrs, list51b(Watson) .. 1 lion. W. lkearson*s b in Ladv Ashton, aged, list (KHduff) " w .. 2 E. Martin's b g Native, aired, 10st 91b (H'Leod) .. 3 Lizette, Wyinlet, Goodwood, and Naming also startetL Betting-2 to 1 Wymlet, 4 to 1 Lizette, 5 to 1 ITern der, Goodwood, and Native, 7 to 1 Ladv Ashton. Time; 5min. SOsec. MiDsrxaiEK Ham>ICAP-Of 5 sovs each, with 300 added. The second horse to receive 75 sovs. and the third 25 sovs. One mile and a J. Cripps* bl h Duration, 5yrs, Tst 2ib (including 5lb penalty) Brown .. 1 D. S. Wallace's b h Chuckster, aged, Tsfc 91bs (Robertson) . .. 2 G. Davies>binCamerine,aged,Sst(Trahan)* .. 3 Blink Bonnv, 31adcap, Velocipede, Anglesey, Bend Or. and Lesbia also started. Betting-2 to 1 Lesbia, 3 to 1 Dotation, 4 to 1 Bend Or, a to 1 Camerine. S to 1 Velocipede and Chuckster, 10 to 1 others. Time, 2uun. SSlsec. TiieCujterios STAKES-Of 5 sovs, with 150'added. For j 2 yrs old. Three- quarters of a mile. W. D. Robertson's b f The Nmi, Sst 71b (Moore) .. 1 i S. G- Cook's br cilaiiisafl, 7st 4lb (Dalton) .. 2 X. Chirnade's b e St. ftiuL 7st 41b (Power) .. 3 V.C and Phcebe Walton also started. Betting-C to 4 on The .Nun, 4 to I Phcebe Walton, 5 to 7 to 1 others. Time, Imin. 19*sec. 