I'ortii Kiul Wviiks. THE SONG OF THE SHEARER. nSte followinc vases wen Bbovo me by lie TbOL ftutridse of Yudea. wbo obtained them Cram a Bhearer. The imae a abrourite atdnDnrtime, anlaB'a tysaai budfptodudian well worthy at entering the world at publication. ItoremUe«ome veiy slight attft»Hnttii fnm the text of the unknown author m order to Baomth the nSc-Cm w. P. Pools.] Air— 'He little old log O«bin ill the Lane.' Some were tatJsg qmrten' and cofliiuj in deb bunk When we shore the stx-tootii weftthen from the phhi And if the next are harder more of them win mnk. ? Unless we get another tall of lain. Chorus. For the boss is jetting rusty and the ringer's* wing Hi« bandaged wrist Is aching with the pain. And the second man, I taney, win mate it hot tor Sim, Crdess we get another -aH of tain. Chorus. Tie eoddea Bring near hare OBen UkurBke a book, Htwrnt fhpflsrt ^iyMtfaTfc.^111111 But I see tbe Innehis coming— make way tor Okk the For Dick is nigh ss welcome as the rain. Cfaanm. Hark* I iu«- riin riigtunt Hinwrfpr wittWJwil «nrt 'loud; Tbe western wind b Bweepinr o'er the plain ; And 1 see the lightnine Sashing from the edge of . yonderckmd, and I bear the gentle pattering at the rain. Chorus. . Sow lads, put on your slippers and let as to the but. Well sit around and have a quiet game, AndeooiewuTstaiidout,loolciii|ratthe rain. Chorus. Now the Tain is over, tbe presses apui Ihe screw. And tbe teamsters tndk their wagon in again * But I fear well block the iliiiiii Imi She -way ws put them through, PoreverythingcoestnerrywtththeBui. . Chorus. I«t the boss bring down the bottle and -wet the floal ?tock, For never shaB we all meet here again; For we snay all haw vanished— like the lain. Chorus. . ?Qoarters-^Joarter of a day spdL tttlngir— Tbe fastest shearer In the shed. Shoet, sharp, and decisive— A tack. Some men are born great, bnt as a general rtr?no tiiey soon begin to shrink. Where one 'man wanta bnt littia here below,' three ^Hhth are witii ti»flm^ j^ffftfmwi who want it all. ' I am surprised at the appearance) of your friend B. He looks wretched. Do you know if he has been disappointed in lover* 'No; he has been disappointed in marriage.*' If wit is badinage, what must it be in youth! A medical man Bays that those ladies who make it a business to trouble the linen-drapers, and never buy anything, ought to be called counter-irxitantE. The little one, beingaguest of her grandma, had been liberaUy feasted, when a second dish of pudding* came on. Looking at tbe steaming dish, she exclaimed with a sigh, ' Gran'ma, I wish I was twins.' A Second street boy, who. has been con siderably wroughtup by the recent eartiiquake heard a noise and, on being told that it was, thunder, said that he was as much *Lfr*iA of skyquakes as earthquakes. The jury brought in a verdict of 'not guilty.' His Honour said admonishingly to the prisoner, ' After this yon ought to .keep away from from bad company.' 'Tt'es, your honour. You will not see me here again in a A bridegroom complained of tse clergy man's fee. ' A widower whom yon married at Easter,' said he, ' tells me Chat you charged him very much less.' 'True,' said the rev. gentleman, ' but he was a regular customer.' ' Don't make a fool of yourself with that girl now, Tom ; you know love's blind,** said the ''?'tifmn parent. ' That's all bosh,' said superior Tom. ' Love's not blind at alL Why, I Bee ten times as much in that girl as you do.' Tee will of Lord Pembroke in the seven teenth century has these items :— 'I give nothing to my Lord Saye, and I do make him this legacy willingly, because I know that he will faithfully distribute it unto the poor. Item— I give qp the ghost.' Mistress asd Maid. — ' Wbere have you been, Jane?' ' I've been to a meeting of the Girls' Friendly Society, Ma'am.' 'Well, and what did the lady say to you?' 'Please, Ma'am, she said I wasn't to give you warning, as I meant to. She said I was to look upon you as my thorn— and bear it' Ftbst lady : ' Look, dear. There's your husband going into supper with Mrs. Scuda more, a dangerously attractive 'woman. Let me warn you.' Second lady : ' How good of you. How I wish he was going into sapper with yon, dear, instead.' .; 