SPORTING NOTES. It will be noticed by advertisement else where that a fox-terrier match is arranged to be held at Penola on the 14th instant. It will be a 16-dog stake at one guinea each. This sport is a novelty to the district, and will no doubt commend itself to the owners of diminutive canines. The hounds are to throw-off this afternoon near Mr. W. Douglas's farm. Among the contestants for the First Ade laide Grand Sheffield Handicap (135 yards), to be run during the present month, appear the names of T. Kent, A. Wilson, and J. Beaton, all of Robe. Wood and Archer are running each other very close for first place among the winning jockeys in England. By last returns the latter was two behind his rival. For the Doncaster St. Leger, to.be run next month, Ormonde is being backed at 3 to 2. Trenton is now the favorite for the Mel bourne Cup at 100 to 5, Malua, Commotion, Britisher, Merrimu, and Silvermine being at 1U0 to 3. The Sydney cqlt Trident is favo rite for the Derby. Silvermine is a firmly^established favorite for the Caulfield Cup. Whilst Miss Crooke was riding with the Melbourne hounds one day last week, her horse came down a cropper jumping out of a lane, but she rode him to the ground and never let go the reins. The plucky young lady got on her horse again and was soon on terms with the hounds. Mr. W. Blapkler has sustained another severe loss by the death of his imported mare Queen of Scots (dam of Cetewayo). A notable English cricketer has been selected for the head mastership of the col lege at Nelson, and has sailed for New Zea land. Mr. W. J. Ford, the gentleman in question, has long beep a welUknown Middlesex cripketer. On May 8rd he presided at the annual dinner of the Incogniti, and received many expressions of regret at hiB departure. ^ Mr. Ford, who has been con nected with Marlborough College, is probably one of the most brilliant batsmen ia the United Kingdom. The Prince pf Wales'filly Cpunterpane, a daughter of Hermit and Patchwork, dropped down dead after running for the Stockbridge Cup a few weeks ago. A post-mortem ex amination was made, $nd revealed the fact that the filly died of atrophy of the muscles of the heart and consequent inaction, all the muscles having been forced back from the heart, which waB found to be quite empty. The New Zealand Grand National Steeple chase was won by Mr. Lunn's Canard, Faugh-a-ballagh and Michael Scott being second and third. Wild Dog will flofc return to Adelaide; he has been purchased by a yictorian sports man-a patron pf Steve Mahon's stable. Havelocl?, one of the qiaat promising stee plechasers in t^e land, has joined the string of Mr. 0. Osenbam. The total amount paid in prizes by the Victoria Amateur Turf Club during the past financial year was £1,770, irrespective of sweepstakes. The Alexandra Plate, of "about" three miles, run at the Ascot meeting, was won easily by the American horse Blue Grass, who defeated, the Cup winner Althorp by the length of a street. Althorp is a mere pony, yet he went out a 9 to 2 chance. Tom Cannon Tode the English horse and WattB the Yankee. The fine weather of Saturday paused an exceptionally large attendance at the Wynd ham races. The course was in excellent order. Ten weighed out for the Hurdlerace, Joey and Revenge bejng the favorites. The finish was a fine one between the outsiders Townley and Whalebone, the former gaioing the verdict by a head. An excellent field of 13 went out for the Wyndh&m; Handicap, Popahontea and "Jhe Ghost being about equal favorites, The winner, ** turned up in the Bamf*"- * ,..«ver, who dof""1" * iiorse Wairarapa, -n.ea Jfreston by a head, Dancing Maateb getting third. This is the same horse that ran at the late Mount Gambier meeting, when he won a double. Half-a dozen contested the Steeplechase, the Rivoli Bay bred Tandsticker being hailed as the winner. Spangle was second and Fickle third. This was Tandsticker'B third con secutive victory. Ariel won the Selling Handicap and Riehworth (a daughter of Richmond), Mabel Grey, and Middlemaroh tilled the places in the Werribee-park Han« dicap. Regattas are becoming very popular in Germany, Good stakes are offered. Several English scullers have recently gone over to GQiopsts is some of thee. John Teenier rowed a three-mile-race agairst Wallace Ross recently and defeated him very easily. A few years ago (quoth the Australasian) one of the most accomplished of our amateur horsemen and athletes was Mr. Michael L. Pender, who died at St. Kilda a few days ago. As far back as 1867, when only a boy in his teens, he rode Mr. Maddeu's Gipsy second in the Flemington Hunt Club Cup, and among several performances in the fol lowing year was a second on Babbler for the Ballarat Hunt Club Steeplechase, the late Lindsay Gordon winning a Selling Steeple chase on Cadger at the same meeting. At the following Melbourne Hunt Club meeting Mr. Pender rode Aristocrat, but Mr. Lindsay Gordon beat him on Babbler, and our de parted poet won two other steeplechases on the same day- the Metropolitan on "Viking, and the Selling on Cadger. At the Fleming' ton Hunt Club meeting Mr. Pender waa again second-this time to Mr. H. Mawbey, on Canary. He was at one time a strong supporter of the V.A.T.C., and the last race he ever won was on Don Silva in the Ama teur Hurdlerace run at Caulfield in 1876. The champion, Beach, has written a letter to the London Sportsman, in which he says : " Having accepted Edward Hanlan's chal lenge to row him over the Thames champion ship course for the championship of the world and £500 a-side, and wishing to give him the first chance of regaining his lost laurels, for which 1 have come a long way, I think it rather strange I have not heard from him up to the present time. I do not, however, bar myself from rowing any man in England, but I do not intend rowing in England later than the month of August. I should like this to be known, that I have come over here to row, and I do not wish to issue challenges-Boss, Teemer, and Hanlan having done that. Still, I will row one, or the three, of those gentlemen, or any other man in the world, for the title and any amount of money." The Sporting Life of June 23 contains the following account of a performance accom plished by Mr. W. G. Grace 1-" A splendid .feat was accomplished at Oxford yesterday by Mr. W. G. Grace. It will be remembered that on Monday the Oxonians bad made142, and the M.C.C., without tbe loss of a wicket had scored 83, Mr. W. G. Grace being not out 60. Yesterday, playing splendid cricket, and only giving one chance when he bad reached 94, he took his total up to 104. The severity of his bitting may be best judged from the fact that among bis figures were 1 six and 15 fours, or 66 tuns in 16 hits. Not content with thiB performance, and although he hi.d tbe Nottingham professionals, Wright and Attettell, in the team, J.r. Grace as be has done many and many a time before, went on to bowl at tbe start of the inningB, and this time carried everything before him. The dark-blue batBmen though it must be remembered that the team does not represent the full Btiehgth of the University-cotild do nothing with bim. He bowled font, got another one l.b.w., got the Oxford captain Btumped, and the other four were caught off his bowling. In the end the Bide were all out for 90 ranB, of which number 49 were hit from the champion's bowling. His analysis reads-86.2 overs 17 maidens 49 runs, 10 wickets. This per formance of scoring 104 ranB and then taking all the wickets and rattling off the game on the Tuesday afternoon is one well worthy of the champion, who has already proved, despite tbe bad weather, that he is in wonderful form this season." RUSTICtJS. 