THEATRICAL GOSSIP. —Theatre Royal. Williamson, Garner and Musgrove's Co. —Opera House. Boucicault-Brough Company. —Alexandra Theatre. Captain Do Burgh's Co. —Bijou Theatre. Minnie Palmer Co. —Locke Richardson's Recitals. Athenreum. —St. George's Hall. Hiscocks' Federal Minstrels. —Victoria Hall. Clark's " Silk Btockings." —Ridgway's Circus, near Public Library, Melbourne. —Waxworks. Holiday attractions. —Salenger Opera Co. and Mdme. Cora Co. touring India. —W. E. Sheridan and Miss Louise Davenport and company in South Australia. —Miss Florence Wade and Mr. H. Alleyue's Company. N. Z. towns. —Farley Opera Company, at latestin Cooktown. —Schuler, of circus fame, has a " big"" thing on at present—the Giaut Family, who have just returned from Sydney. —And Willie Freear did vot come out with the Minnie Palmer Co. He originally played the part that Johnny Gilmore now bosses in Sydney. —Still another MacMahon in the profession (Joe). All from the one family, too. Henry Irving MacMahon, Dion Boucicault MacMahon, Grattan-Riggs MacMahon aud Bfiiiuie Minnie Palmer MacMahon. By-the-way, i-way, "My Sweetheart's" Sydney season is settled for Boxing Night. —It is definitely stated now that Barry Sullivan will re-vi6it Australia. —AYankee paper says:—"Lady Gay Spanker's description of a steeplechase, aud whichJQioti Boucicault calls the descriptive gem of the play, "London Assurance," can be found word for word in one of Maria Edgeworth's novels, just as Conn's description of the hunt can be found in ' Conn Cregan.'" —Sam Dearin, the man of music, is now showing at the London music halls, making any amount of money, he says. Also, that he'll return ore long. —The " man of many proverbs" is the reputed author of the following gag upou the names of the jilays recently produced in Melbourne:—At the Alexandra Theatre tlis " Bad Lads" " Turned Up" " Betsy," " Uncle Dick'B Darling," to see "Silk Stockings" and by "A Ruined Life" showed the weakness of " Human Nature." Oh! Duucan, what next ? • —Amongst the applicants for a lease of the Alexandra Theatre after the Simonsen Opera season is a wellkuown tragedian, who is to receive a large sum of money shortly, and a popular melodramatic actor now in England. —The Vivians, who have completed arrangements for their summer tour, opened at Wangaratta on the third. Their dates have been fixed so as to include the Prince of Wales' Birthday in Albury and the Wagga annual races. The company includes the accomplished actress, Helen Vivian, Arthur Vivian, Geo. Collier, Geo. Dalziel, Marie Wilton, Bessie Collier, Annie Brandt, Inigo Tyrrell, John Eunis, Harriet Bond, Paul Marshall, Chas. Bichner and C. Warner. The repertoire this tour will include—" The Wide World," " Neck for Neck," " The Marble Heart," "Wild Oats, "Men of the Turf" and other popular dramas. —Cornelius Cole, a circus employe, has been fined .£10, in default three months' imprisonment,by the City bench. Con's couduct consisted in making use of bad language at the racecourse on Derby day. —"Amateur" writes, "Kindly inform me if Macbeth ought to wear a kilt ?" No, he ought to dress incawdoroy. —A London paper says of " A Run of Luck," that iu spite ol' the fact that this drama has been produced three weeks earlier than is usual at Drury Lane, the receipts of Wednesday night were one hundred pounds in advance of any show jiroduced in the Autumn under the same management. Bland Holt has secured the Australian and New Zealand rights of this drama. —The Farley Opera Company have met with a bit of bad luck in Cooktown (appropriate title this). Owing to the ghost of Hamlet's old man refusing to perambulate, the stage .hands struck. This resulted in closing the theatre. —Another dance novelty to be introduced into the Royal pantomime this year. Great work at the theatre on Tuesday last, when 20 extra ladies were required, also 50 bright children (why, all children in this gay and festive portion of the globe are bright.) —Mr. Arthur Vivian and his dramatic company are now on the warpath in the provinces. —Mr. Geo. R. Ireland, the popular actor, has returned to Melbourne again. We hope to see him on the Metropolitan boards again ere long. —The following, to which we made reference last week, has been forwarded us from Tasmania: "Death of a young actress. It is our painful duty to record the death of a promising young actress, Miss Josephine Ireland, daughter of that sterling actor Mr. G. R. Ireland, which took place at the Club Hotel, Brisbane-street, last evening. The late Miss Ireland, who was only about 20 years of age, played juvenile business in her father's company for the last 18 months, appearing last at Geelong, Ballarat, and Sandhurst, as Silvia, in ' His Natural Life,' and was to have performed iu the same character in Launceston, but the unfortunate girl was attacked with gastric fever j ust before she left Melbourne. It was hoped the trip to Tasmania would have proved beneficial to her, but she gradually sank day by day, and succumbed about half-past six p.m. yesterday. Drs. Maddox and Pike were in coustant attendance, but the best medical aid and skill had no dominion over the ravages of the disease, and Death,' who grinued horribly a ghastly smile,' brought her back from the threshold of a promising career." —Marie de Grey is summed up as " divinely tall and divinely dark" by the Referee. —It is whispered that in the misty future (next year) Mr. Bland Holt will take up the running at the Alexandra Theatve. Sensation's the order of the day (or night). —The following are making things theatrical pretty lively in New Zealand:—" The Great Pink Pearl," Wybert Reeves' Company, Johnny Hall and George P. Carey's Company. —J. B. Steel in town on the unattached list. —Folks on strike at the Empire Music Hall on Saturday night last—a boxing tournament. —Mr. John Solomon ("our Johnnie"), the popular lessee of the Gaiety Theatre, Sydney, is over here, partly to see the Cup aud partly to make arrangements for the opening of his new theatre at Christmas. He has arranged with Rignold and Allison to play their Opera Company for a season to begin with. " Falka " should be a big success there. —St. Leon, of circus fame, has three shows travelling through Australia. At an early date they will all meet in Melbourne and band together to give us a, teste of their quality. —Mr. Fairclough, the actor-farmer, has, we hear, disposed of his Gippsland property. Why, one would imagine, the very thing to suit a tragedian would be " a run. —John Dunn, iun., and Martin Ford appear to have gone clean out or the profession. 