THE GARDEN OF THE LORD CONGEALING THE LORD OF THE GARDEN. BY THE REV. CHARLES H. PARKHURST. " And Adam and his ivife hid themselves from the jpresence of the Lord God amongst the trees of the garden."—GENESIS iii. 8. The garden of the Lord concealed from Adam and and Eve the Lord of the garden. Your own minds, I am sure will have a quick presentiment of what that foreshadows, and of the truth, half concealed* and half told in this antique imagery. The subject is recent and relevant to the new world, although in our verse put upon canvas in colours that are Oriental. The garden of the Lord concealed from Adam and Eve the Lord of the garden. It became an instant question, therefore, either of more Lord or of less garden. The Lord Himself chose between the alternatives, and out among the thorns and thistles the race began to evolve from the godleBBnesa in which by the luxuriance and deliciousnesB of Paradise they had first become involved. This pictorial story is so true to present facts, it Beems Btrange it Bhould ever have been discredited as a just record of original facts. Like Janus, it looks both ways. The air was ao full of verdure that it turned blue into green and barred out the sky. God and Adam were on opposite sides of the trees. The creature swallowed the Creator. The gift rubbed out the Giver. God did not turn Adam out of Paradise till Adam had turned God out. The luxury of the garden thronged the ground and loaded the air. Adam was incompetent to contain God and the garden at the same time. It is dangerous to be comfortable. » Being BO cosily and delioiously fixed cost Adam hiB piety and then his integrity. The story becomeB then like a mirror made so many years ago that discrepant legendB have gathered about its construction, yet if you look into the mirror it returns your face to you as fairly and faithfully as it did that of its writer a millennium ago. • It is a long lesson to learn to be able to keep the garden of the Lord and the Lord of the garden both. Adam stumbled over the lesson, and we, his remote progeny, are still conning and tussling with it. W® hope to be able to get along In the new garden when it comes, with all the elegance of furnishing and deliciousness of fruition it may be garnished withal; but as yot conveniences are perilous ; to be more than about so comfortable is hazardous ; the tree easily becomes bigger than the Lord, and our problem is still that of the Hebrews how we can enjoy the quails and at the same time be kept from leanness of Boul. Adam was scuttled by the devil of luxury, and swamped in the sea of his own felicities. ''And Adam and his wife hid themselves from the presence of the Lord God amongst the trees of the garden" Adam's felicities were of an innocent nature to be sure. It was NOT APPLES OF SODOM, but God's own apples of knowledge that he tasted, and in the very thick of God's woods that he and God became separated from each other: which is one of the clever touches in the picture. It was a clear part of the painter's intent to have us understand that it was not poison, but good, wholesome food that ruined Adam ; and that it was not one of his own wicked inventions, but God's own gardenverdure and luxuriance that, practically, emptied Eden of the divine nearness and presence. So closely did Adam cleave to it that the Maker's own tree concealed from him the tree's own Maker. There is no blessing so blessed that the unilluminated side of it will not fall off and darken down into a curse. All the planets that dance even about the sun are black on their off side. • The better a thing is, the more harm it is capable of doing. The pillar of cloud differed from the pillar of fire not in identity but in circumstance. Security is prolific in peril, and the best of things may be mother to bad effects. So that when we are trying to avoid Adam's mistakes in our own little Paradise, we shall need not only to keep one eye on the serpent that has crawled in from without, but also to deal very warily with the trees that God has Himself planted in the garden, and the apples, even the apples of wisdom and the apples of life, that God's own fingers have hung upon their branches. It is often a matter of wonderment with us that God allows His people, so many of them, to be so distressed. If indeed He is an omnipotent and affectionate Father, why is it that He does not create about us gardens of comfort and luxuriance, instead of pasturing us upon wildernesses charac- teristic for nothing so much as their barrenness ? A lesson that I learn more of almost every day is how much of anguish there is in human lives, either expressed, or more likely undivulged, or more likely still, undivulgable. My friends, I judge from experience, from observation, and from the tenor of Scripture, that we have even now more comfort than we can get along with to advantage. There comes to me quite frequently from the distressed and bereaved the request to be remembered in the prayers of God's people. I confess to you frankly that I believe those of us who are not afflicted need vastly more praying for than those who are. Sometime we are going to thank God more fervently for what have been our subtractions than we now do for our additions, and learn to read every cross as a plus sign. More grace is needed to keep a prosperous man erect than one who is unprospered. It has occurred over and over again, just in the midst of this congregation, during the last half-dozen years, that a man has had to be driven out of his garden into A SAND-LOT AND A THISTLE-FIELD before he could recover his manhood and find his God again. Like the Hebrews, we pray for quails, and very likely get them, and along with them get something we did not pray for, and something, too, that is a good deal harder to lose than quails are to catcli. " Whom the Lord loveth He chasteneth," whicli is another way of saying that when the garden has become so packed with trees, and the air so clustered with blossoms as to keep the daylight from sifting in, He cuts a swath through the midst of the garden, that we may be reminded again that there is a sky as well as a ground, and that down upon some of the verdure that remains rifts may be opened through which the heavenly light shall touch and play. Am I mistaken in thinking that there are some garden-plots right in our midst that have grown up so rich and rank that the very verdure has come to intervene and hide between the tenants of the garden and the Lord of the garden ? Thoughtful and devout minds have felt this, and have tried to escape the peril it involves ; have sometimes done for themselves what Adam had done for him, exchanged their garden for a wilderness, voluntarily renouncing life's comforts and amenities. It is easy to satirise the absurdity of such renunciation ; but whether it is absurd or not depends—depends upon whether the luxuries are renounced because of the evil Inherent in the luxuries, or because they embarrass our attainment of benefits that are of a still better and more necessary Bort; just as we would pluck up roses growing in a cornfield, not out of disrespect for or misappreciation of the roses, but because they absorb that strength of the Boil that needs to be diverted to the maturing of the grain. And 1 am sure we shall be agreed with one another in this, that at this present time, peculiarly, there is growing in the midst of the ranks of standing corn a profusion of roses that, however beauteously they may diversify the field of grain, are nevertheless sapping the vigour of the soil, and purchasing their own beauty at the expense of energy that ought to go to feed the blade, swell the ear, and round and colour the full corn in the ear; and tbat the garden of the Lord has become so compact in its verdure, and so luscious in its bloom and fruitage, as to crowd the air and fill the light, and that from UB too, the progeny of Adam, the garden of the Lord is concealing the Lord of the garden. Singular as may seem the statement, one of the greatest obstacles that Christianity has now to confront ia CIVILISATION. It is brought aB a charge against tha Gospel that its power over men varies inversely with the civilising results already wrought in their midst. There is a degree of truth in the charge. The same amount of evangelical work will effect more religious results a Fijian than in a New Yorker. A given amount sowing will issue in larger harvests below th Street than it will above. The Church is working its most rapid results on heathen soil. Foreign missionary work is yielding the best dividends in proportion to the amount of money invested. To a degree, then, the charge can be sustained, although there is nothing new or fresh in the charge and it involves no originality on the part of the plaintiff. It is all in the Book. Christianity is doing in this century all that it claimed a competency to do in the first century. It is in fact in New York just what it was in promise in Jerusalem. Jesus worked almost uniformly at the mudsills of society, endured the Sanhedrim, but courted the sinners and reclaimed the harlots. He civilised people, but avoided civilised people. Degradation is more accessible than respectability ; that is taught by the words of Christ and His Apostles and by the example of their ministry. The Church has from the beginning been recruited first of all from the ranks of the unlettered, the unmoneyed, and the ignoble. The Christian Church is in this respect like a tree, that its roots are in the ground (more or less soiled therefore). When St. Paul wrote that, " Not many wise men after the flesh, not many mighty, not many noble are called," he allows the substance of the objection, and concedes that those influences of blood, money, manners, and letters, rather indefinitely grouped under the term " civilisation," are a hindrance to the Gospel and an embarassment to the Holy Ghost. This, however, consists perfectly with another fact, that there is no force that yields civilisation so readily and prolifically as Christianity does. Christianity is the mother of the best civilisation, but, like David, raises up a foe in her own house, and is in constant danger of being devoured by her own offspring. The very results yielded by Christianity, in the shape of respectability, and wealth, and power, and culture, and elegant refinements, come in to obscure the root itself from which they are sprung. It is like a tree shaded and hindered by its own verdure. It is like the sun waking up the mists in the morning ; its beams, like so many nimble fingers, weaving a veil to hang across the face of the sun, till it defeats its brightness by its own shining. We become indifferent to the cause in our engrossment with its effects, and the old fact, becomes true again, that the garden of the Lord conceals from us the Lord of the garden. 