THE LADIES' PAGE. <y — FANCY DRESS Bv Iris. Some months ago wo learnc-l from English fashion journals that fancy halls were to be quito a feature of the season, and that this prophecy has been fulfilled is well known to all who interest thems.lves in social doings. Scores oi these entertainments have taken place in London during the past winter, and now we, at the antipodes, are following suit. Brisbane and Sidney are still talking of the mag nificent fancy balls lately giveu by their respective mayors, and whispers are afloat in Melbourne that the entertainment to he given next month by our worthy mayor, Mr. Stewart, is also to tako the form of a fancy ball. Of course wo shall not he quite certain on the point until tho invitations are issued, and then, if the expectations of many prove correct, there will bo great excitement connected with the preparation of fancy costumes. " What shall I choose?" will ho tho momentous question to bo decided by tho recipient of each invitation, and there will be much discussion regarding the suitability, relativo expensoand general ap- pearanco of tho toilettes, which suggest them selves at tho mention of various characters. Let me say a word to those who are undecided as to tho r.jfes they shall assume on the occasion of a fancy ball. My advice is to avoid tho hackneyed characters which are always so numerous at costume halls, as for instance, shepherdesses, flower girls, r!'.amliav.>. See., and, above all, to select n toilette which is becoming to tho wearer , and hero I may give a hint to some, and that is, that powdered hair is almost universally be coming, young and old, blonde and brunette being alike improved by it. False jewellery is, of course, largely worn at fancy balls, hut should be chosen with discretion, tho very common quality giving a tawdry appearanco to any toilette ; and consistency should he observed by the impersonators of characters ; for instance, how absurd is the effect of a Puritan maiden attired with rigid simplicity in sad greys, devoid of " flounces ami furbelows," but with diamonds flashing in her ears. The costumes of the French pleasantry af ford wide scopo for the choice of fancy dresq as many of them are highly picturesque with out being expensive. In Normandy tho men wear vests of light material, long heavy coats Jibs those worn by the Bluo Coat boys, wide trousers, reaching to tho knee, buff leather gaiters, and either cotton night caps, or stiff chimney pot hats. Tho women wear short skirts, either of striped black and white, or plain bluo material, wide bodices and scarlet corslets, laced in front. They wear an amount of mas sive jewellery, including long earrings, brooches, necklets with crosses, &e.; The head drosses vary, in La Manche they wear cotton arrangements like night caps, while in other districts the hair is gathered up and formed into a high pyramid, with gay ribbons introduced. Tho costumes of tho pleasantry in Laugucdoc and tho Pyrenees resemble those worn in Spain, the men being attired in black kneo-breochcs, stockings, and shoes, light fitting waistcoat, and red waist band, and Bhort jacket with many buttons; while tho women wear short skirts of some dark color, hright-hued kerchiefs and ribbons, and largo cloaks. Men and women alike wear round woollen capis. A costume eminently becoming to a brunette is that of Sunflower, which is carried out as follows A skirt short enough to show the shoes, composed of yellow silk, cut in the form of petals, edged with cord, and failing over a full pleating of browu net. Low bodico of green pdtisb, edged round tho top with small yellow petals. On tho left shoulder is worn a largo artificial sunflower, bud and leaves ; another on the head, and a bee on the right shoulder. The long gloves are also yellow, and a piece of yellow velvet is worn round tho throat, fas- toned at one side by a few loaves. The fan resembles a sunflower as much as possible, and is easily made of a piece of 6ilk the same as the gown, with a centre of dark plush. A pretty dress for a Wnterwitch is composed of a short white satin skirt, covered nlmost entirely with silver tissuo and fringe, low bodice to match ; scarf tied lightly bolow tho waist, and fas tened at ono side, of soa green satin, piowdercd with silver cockle shells and silver fish, 6ilver cackle shells in tho hair. Lurline would wear a dress of frosted or silver tulle, caught up wiih crystals and aquatic plants, such as water fillies and grasses. A long tulle veil is fastoncd lo tho lop of the head, and floats down tho back, tho hair flowing beneath it uuconfiued and frosted with frosting .powder. Tho bodico is of silver cloth and tho ornaments of dia monds, if procurable— if not, paste. Iphigenia should wear a long classic gown of pure white cashmoro, a veil, wreath and cloak from tho shoulder, and sandals. The hair should bo coiled at tho back, waved in front or arranged in soft curls. Tamhourino wears a most effec tive costume. Tho skirt is either of rod satin or cashmere, made full nnd just to clear tho ground, and bordered with n row of gold braid ; panniers of tho same, bunched up at both sides with long streamers of white, red, blue nud yollow ribbons ; low Iiodicoof black velvet, with elbow sleeves and fichu of black lace, loops of tho colored ribbons boing employed as Ham mings; sequin ornaments, a fancy Algerian scarf twisted caroleasly round the waist ; tho hair dressed high, with small tambourine placed jauntily on ono side liko a guardsman's cap, and a feathor oaproy fastened in tho hair. Tho tambourine should havo some design painted on tho parchment, and tho fan, hose, long gloves and shoes should bo black. An uncommon toiletta is that worn by tho impersonator of Astrology. It is carried out in a gown of green and terra-cotta, mado short, with tunio and low 6quaro bodico, black pointed cap, with astrological symbols. Another rendering of Sunflower iq ajt«r Alma Tadesja's picture, a long brown dross being worn, with loose sleeves falling back to show the arms. Three gold hands are worn in the hair, sunflowers are carried in the hand and embroidered on the gown. The French Bepublio is generally re presented as follows : Short skirt of white material striped with scarlet and blue, tunic of the same, formiog three large puffs at the back and caught up by a silver anchor and knots oi rod and blue, or a flag of the three colors may be arranged as a tunic ; low satin bodice trimmed with the colors, the hows fastened by silver anchors, sailor hat trimmed to match, white shoes with red rosettes, necklet and bracelets of blue ribbon. A Russian Skater would wear a pelisse of ruby velvet edged with fur, round fur cap, and short skirt oi grey quilted satin, the velvet pelisse beii g cut open e» tizuf at tho neck and adorned at the back merely by two fur buttons at the v.aist. High boots edged with fur and silver bells, a inuff in the hand, a pair of skates hanging at the side, and silver ornaments. A relish skater wears a somewhat similar costume, with these exceptions, that the velve: pelisse U longer and braided down tho front, and that the cap is square on top, hard and stiff, four-sided and gradually diminishing in size a; it rests on the head. This costume like tho former ' one is only suitable for lion-dancers, as it would prove loo warm. The Ghost- of an Ancestress is represented by imitating exactly the picture of one of the wearer's ancestresses (if there are any in the family), and carrying out the costume entirely in white, with powdered hair. Fire is an effec tive toilette, being composed of black tulle over red ; the tunic fringed with red and gold tinsel ; bodico nnd skirt dotted over v.iih stars, also tho black tnUoveil; coronet of tinsel to re semble flames. A Spanish l'rincess wears a skirt of scarlet and black satin, trimmed with gold ; scarlet satin bodice, with black nud gold drapery, and trimmed with black mantilla fringe. Night may he re presented in several different ways, hut a mo3t effective and becoming toilette is composed of dark blue tulle nnd silver tissue, a fringed scarf being loosely tied to one side below the waist. A few silver stars of different sizes are scat tered over tho skirt, and tho low bodice is edged with silver fringe. Tho short sleeves are formed of bands of dark blue satin edged with silver fringe, while on tho left shoulder is placed an upright silver crescent moon. Tho long silk gloves should be dark blue, dotted with silver stars, with, if possible, a silver snake bracelet on one arm and a lizard on the other. A bat with outspread win.s is the correct ornament for the front of tho head; nnd over this is arranged a veil of dark blue tnllc fastened by silver staro. Tho slippers should bo of dark blue satin, and the ornamens silver stars. Black is more gene rally worn in this toilette, but is not nearly so becoming as dark blue. Morn iug may ho prettily represented in eitho of two costumes. 1. Ciown of grey tulle with artificial flowers on the left shoulder, on the left fide of the skirt and on tho head, with a veil of tho finest grey tullo sprinkled with glass dew- Irops. On tho right shoulder, a bird with up raised head, supposed to bo greeting tho day .vith its morning carol. The shoes should bo groy, nlso tho hose, and over the grey gloves should bo worn bracelets of flowers. The ornaments should bo glass dewdrops or else pearls, and n largo grey fan, adorned with (lowers at the handle. 2. Tho other repre sentation is carried out by a skirt covered in front with narrow flounces of pink, grey and blue tulle or net, with back drapery and paniers of palo blue silk or net, looped on ouc side with long streamers of pink, grey and blue ribbons. Tho low pointed bodice is adorned with a bertho i of tho colored tulles and a half blown rose, sprinkled with dewdrops on one shoulder. The hair should be piled high on tho head, and ornamented with butterflies quivering on wires, as though hovering above, and a tuft of roses with dewdrops should bo placed at one side. Tho long groy Suede gloves should have a rose and bnds at tho top of ono and ribbon streamers on the othor. The fan can he composed entirely of realllowers, sewn onto a palm leaf, veiled with a dew-spangled tulle, or else palo pink or blue tulle. Tho ornaments may bo either of pearls, crystals or dew drops, or oven tiny flowem. Exceedingly inexpensive toilettes aro any of those taken from Fina- fore. Buttercup wears an old fashioned straw bonnet, a print gown, and a black and red 6hawl pinned across the shoulders ; while tho chorus girls woar yachting costumes of any variety, with sailor collars and hats. Grace Darling nnd Nancy Leo also wear simple yacht ing costumes, tho former with tho addition of a life bolt bearing her namo slung across her back. Futima would appear in full silk trousers, and overdress of bright coloring, cut in Princess shapo and bordered with gold, opening in front over a skirt, soavf round tho waist and heads round tho nock. Bluebeard himself is attired iu a flowing robo of gay coloring, according to fancy; n rod silk turban, a 6earf of many colors round tho waist, loose trousers to the ankle, ono yellow tho other red, and red- pointed shoes. The beard is of course of great importance, and this is generally carried out in blue wool, plaited, damped, baked, and then combed out. Tho tyrant carries a key, as also does Fatiina. Sister Aun wears a costumo very liko that of Fatima, hut iu contrasting colors such as red and blue, &e.; Those threo characters suit admirably for a trio, con sisting of n man, his wifo and sisler-in-law. A picturesque costumo for a gentleman is that of a Polish Gipsy. It consists of knickerbockers of dark voivetcon, red waistcoat and long brown habit fastened round tho waist with a belt; rouud cap bordered with fur, worsted stockings and black shoes. A waiter at an inn in tho " Jacobito" date, 1745, would wear a striped cotton suit, mado with a largo coat and long waistcoat, a muslin tie at tho throat and a felt cocked hat. Should any of my correspon dents wish for further information on tho sub ject of fancy dresses I shall ho most happy to supply them with it, w fflr a« lie? in my pewc» " 