SPARKS. A Blue-ribboner down Sydney way, the other day, said that no one over heard of a teetotaller being hanged. The reason of that is because they are not bowled out ; whereas, t'other poor devils speak the truth in their cups. In vino est veritas. As well say that there are no Free-thinkers deserve hanging, for one rarely hears of one of that negative persuasion getting his neck elongated by a jerk at the end of a rope. This yarn about a teetotaller never getting hanged is as unreliable as old Jack Robert- son's about cold water men never being any good—though I confess to agreeing a great deal with what the jovial old Knight says on this matter. But didn't he make a slight mistake when he named the late Bowie Wilson in the same swim as Wentworth, Lang, Cowper, and Darvall? J. B. W., as I remember him years ago down Braidwood way, was a particularly straight water drinker ; was by no means an incapable politician, which Sir John has admitted-and had a good human heart in his body, capable of feeling for his fellow-men in distress, J. B. W. was also a spiritualist. But it took a Davies (bad scran to 'em) to rake up the bones of poor Deni div ; just as others of the same name have resurrected the bones of other people of lesser note. " What shall we do with our boys is a common saying : but in future, it will be better to put it in another form. Thus : " What shall we do with our papishes— including Jay Pays, policemen, and policeman's sons ?"' I'll tell you : Send 'em all up to Dough- boy Hollow, where they may find the ghosts of a few hanged bushrangers to operate upon. But as they may be unacquatinted with the geography of the place, they might want a guide. In which case, some one who has had some experience of that quarter, and mayhap know some of the disembodied ones, might prove valuable. Now who's on for the billet ? Don't all speak at once ! Xot a verv great wiy fr >m th.:s classic ground theie is a burning mountain- which, vv<: m av reasonably suppose, is nile ol' the many entrances to Tartarus. This is con- venient, as the said papishes might he "run in" by tlie onlv devil left on eirth, out of inanv thousands, since thc days ol that innch abused person who sold his master for thirty pit ees of silver. Yah ' isn't it enough to make a " gohanner" sick to hear the thirty-sixth part of a mongrel Israelite poking borak at the " Grand Old Man" not being grand enough to pass his Irish Home Rule Bill. I wonder where this chump's ancestors were when Young Gladstone helped to remove the disabilities from the Jewish citizens of Great Britain ? Perhaps he never had any. Spurgeon (thc great Haptist minister) says-, "Home Rule is dangerous, and could only have been designed by a madman." 'Twas a i wa vs t us. Wnen Mr. Gltdstune j wrote the celcbrited "Vat'om D .crees," j Sp.jrg '.m, and men of his kidney, lost sight ol the Gr:nd Old Man's being a hit off Iiis " kaduova.'' I notice that thc "tinco guid," un Mittag.m ? wav. re doing their level hest to get the Bulletin exclude! from the School of Arts at that place. As a 1 ical writer says, " A man possessed of a liberal mind can take no exception to a paper, whose object is to go in for equal rights and justice. Only those who hate these two qualities hate the Bulletin." To which yours truly says " hear ! hear.' !" very much so. As my friend " Peeping Tom'' says : ' Were these bigots to read the leading articles in the Bulletin, they'd be more Christian than they are." At any rate, they'd be more human, and that's better still... í The editor of the only (Australian) iiK.riitisl has; thr iwn Out ri Sug^s'i >u io form a coherence of Protestant e <-rgym m, to est.'nlish Protestant Convent Schools-that is io -av, fr'diO'i'S ">n tile same lines - minus the Holy Virgie, IT dy water, tlie saints (and tiie-sinners', "nd he is happy to lind that severai clergymen second him. Of course the editor man «iii preside. What a grim joke ! It is just possible that both he amd his cierical admirers have seen \Leonardo da Vinci's great picture of the Last Supper, though th ev may not know the tn.ub'e Le maído had to get a good grip of an ideal Judas, until a certain Friar came in his way and supplied him with the exact likeness - that likeness always reminds me of--well, the devil, whose counterpart we may see any day. But how will those " clodhoppers," the "Marys" and " Kilties" who fork out their sixpences weekly for the only Protestant rag in the district, like those refined comparisons about "dray horses'" (and mares, one may conclude) "silk purses and sow's ears," "scullery maids," "household drudges,'* and so on. lt is hoped that both Catholic and Protestant parents will mark these words : " Why not establish in our midst Protestant schools on the same basis as these Papal schools, cheap and nasty, so as to suit' the ideas of weak-minded" mothers who have risen from the scullery or some other household drudgery-, and wish to ape their betters, because the world has dealt well with them financially." And this from Thompson Square! What next? Send along another pig to be shaved-a good old Vandemonian grunter. Cardinal Moran's tour down South must have been as good as a screaming-farce to him. A little t 'Ui-year-oid tit bega, lo. instance, > in repiv to a quest on p.it by His Kuiinence, came out wi'h " Yes, your Impudence"' Almost as bad as a similar mistake once made in addressing the late Cardinal Wise man as " Your Immense"-which was quite apropos, seeing that Dr. Wiseman was about four times as big as Cardinal Moran. j Everybody-thai is, everybody with plenty of money-is howling about bad times ; yet» strange to say, everybody is pointing to the splendid dividends of the Banks and Build Societies. Funny, isn't it ? Forty millions owing by New South Wales to people t'other s de of the world- whet certainly knov* their marks. Not bad for a million people : £40 per head of population. Let us hive more people, and divide it ; in- stead sf £4.0, let it be £10 a bead. Rain, rain, rain every where now ; a ul yet people .ire not satisfied, for they want relief now, and protection from floods. V/hy thc deuce em't thev be satisfied-either that, or go in and improve up »n nature. Protection is it ? Wh-u, in the name of the prophet, do we want in this district one penny per lb. on butter and bacon ior ? Yah, it's t< o fat ! Now, if it jr. possible to agree with Pro- tection at all, it is ie the matter of a penny a pound on fruit pulp -which abomination comes from Tasmania in that shape, in order to evade a h'gher duty. Besides, much of it is downright rotten rubbish, and a duty of a shilling a pound should be druged upon j the lot of it. Bailey, tlie Sunday Tintes: man, savs his paper is tho organ of the " NVo- Liber.il party." There's nothing like a goad name for a thing ; K liley's liberalism is about as genuine an article as his medicine man, Parkes'-but stay, that ran't be, for li i .ley brags about Iiis paper being the only piper in tiie colony printed am) published OD the Saw bal h. This is not in accord with his chief, for that astute wire-puller is a believer ( just at present), ia the fmtrta command-neut. At anv rate, he don't believe in legislating on Sunday ; why then don't he smash up B liley's formes, and make "pi" ot the « bole blooming lot of it-af: er 'he manner of Mosts and the tables of stone? Without in the slightest degree sympathis- ing wi ll that particular kind of vic - im p'jt d to the Radical nn-mber ror Chelsei, I cannot but think that he is being mule a scapegoat of by tho^e sir1; irenic ly virtuous people, the tories of langland. Supposing Sir Charles to he gud"y - what, pray, is his offence compared t i -.immy of ihe titled wrenches who now ci,j >v th** favour of Iîoyalty, and are even more than tolerated by a Bench, of Bishops ? Sir diaries Diike's offene1 consists, in the eyes of society, not in seducing Iii-, friend's wile, or being much to i general a favourite with women, hut in being found out. And so we shall lind, from one mid of society to thc other- this maxim : " Ü ijoy dre while you can-it matters but little haw-hat don't gel bowled mit.'7 Engl i-di s >ciety is composed of very nice people -in diyliglu but when vnu lift the curtain, let the earth open, and the drama of Koran, O'.ll. in and Abi ram be enacted over again. From what one sees every day in the columns of newspaper-., oue can but come to the conclusion that running a newspaper is not al! beer and skittles. A a j'bo dy ha\ ing a spite Upon another, looks upon a news- paper as common property, and, therefore, promptly excises the Ninth Commandment f>.om thc-20th Chapter of Ewdns, and wires in bald-headed; leaving the newspaper maa to pickup the splinters - at his own cost. For the information of your'reader«», I may sta.te that a newspaper man, up Moss Vale way, has discovered Kurtz's laud, at " West Kurrajong." lt's first chop, he says, r.eL timbered, well gnsa-d, ;ind splendid soil. This is jolly! so all of us who have patterns and tickets for soup - that is to say, land, mnv S-t about getting their deeds, ami Kurtz na more-for swearing is a had habit at any .i ne, ever, over a tailor and. a doubtful land spec. j Which reminds ino tint rome tim" aero a I Moss Vale parson starte 1 a " 15it> 1.. class for I 1 women' " every Sundae at " p.m. ; ditto j for " ladies" every "W ednesday, at t" Í5 I p.m." " A- WniDin'1 np that wa}- natur,div j levis indignant, and writes a stinging note to j the editor of the local paper, enclosing some voes, entitled, "iedv n Woman"-which E send y >u, hoping you'll be aide to jim) sparc lor them. 'lile pardon replying, tri« s to pass the thing oP. in a cavalier s'vle by asking if " Woman'' WM'i not a title to be proud of ?" Most decidedly, your reverence-and nc true tomín warns any other ; bet. prav, who did you reter 'O when yon wrote " ladies :" That is the question. When a parson makes a distinction of that kind he has a motive for it. Now, I want to knew «hi. Iv he esteems most, the .' woman" or the " lady ' ' What has been called the "Queen's Juhilee" has just liecn celebrated-in the c doutes as in otln-r places under lin» old flag -why, 1 can't think-unless it he th.it Her M.ije>ty, with her usual imperious impatience, wanted to roose her subjects ont of their apathetic loyalty into aggressive action against "the «vorld, the flesh, and ihc devil" \- the two first being rep resented by Radicalism anti Home Rule, and the last bv the Grand Old Mau. An\bow, Victoria has won the trick (this time), although she lias reigned only forty niue years, and before her actual Jubilee ari ives, she may be no more than any other woman-dust. One wonders whether leave was obtained by a certain journalist to advertise a lady's name in the objectionable manner it was the other-' dav iii connection with a certain putrescent rignvatole about Convent Schools? If sn, one doesn't know who to pity most, the lady or the butterer. Vu LC AK. 