Miscellaneous. 8ince 1859 the lives of 134 persons have been lost in climbing the Alp3. A London newspaper says that the youngest performer in the London theatres at present is the 18 months' old child of an Edinburgh work ing gunmaker, and that the baby earns a bigger salary than its father. General Lord Wolaeleyte appearance is de oidedly effeminate, and when he speaks he accompanies each remark with a nervous shake of the head: fie is disposed to be sociable, hat is not a favourite with the "rank and file." A small Harrow boy, being asked by his parents at a cricket match whether a youth named Cobden, who was making a splendid srore, was " any relation to the great Cobden," replied, all unconscious of the exploits of the free trade champion, "fie w the great Oobden." In Berlin nearly £12,000 a year is said to he expended in the examination of pork intended for food. Less than 2,000 animals were found to be trichinous in Prussia out of 4,000,000 examined. Pinal official estimate of the last wheat crop of the United States is 357,000,000 bushels, grown on 34,000,000 acres, oran average yield of 104 bushels per acre. The maize crop there is estimated at 1,933,000,000 bushels, grown on 73,000,000 acres, or 28*52 bushels per acre. An Amsterdam company has at length been formed for draining the Zuyder Zee. The chair man ought to be haunted nightly by the ghost of Mynheer Van Punk, protesting against the destruction ot the 14 rolling Zuyder Zee," whoso depth forms the only standard by which it is possible to measure accurately what" a Putoh* man's draught should be." Japanese vaccination laws are very strict, competing vaccination in the first year of in fancy, and two further vaccinations at intervals from five to seven years, in addition to this, the authorities havo power, during epidemics of smallpox, to order the vaccination of all the inhabitants, irrespective of the vaccination re* qdrod by law. There died lately in the City of London In firmary James McDonald, the Scottish giant. Ho was a native of Aberdeen-hire, stood 7 foet 2 inches, and at the time of his death was 56 years of ago. M'Donald met with a serious accident in 1SS2, when ho was run over, and had both his legs broken. Since that time he has been ailing, but the immediate cause of his death was dropsy. When some of the Indians, who rebelled in company with Louis Biel, were placed upon their trial, it was found to ho a difficult task to explain to them the meaning of the oftenco with which they were charged—that of* 14 conspiring agait 6t the Qur en's crown." One interpreter explained it as il doing mischief to the Great Mother's big bonnet, with feathers in it." Connected closely with the subject of Civil service reform in the United States is 'the question of how a suspended postmaster should act towards his successor, when the latter pre sents himself at tho office with a commission from tho President. In Milwaukee much publio interest attaches to the practical contri bution just made to this question by Mr. Up ham, tho postmaster who has just been sus pended. When Dr. Eberhard, who had been uppointed to succeed him, arrived at tho office, Dir. Upham promptly kicked him into the street. 