An Oid riiory iu Verse. He was a guileless college youth, That mirrored modesty and truth ; And sometimes at his musty room His sister called, to chase the gloom. One afternoon, when she was there, Arranging things with kindly care, As often she had done before, There came a knock upon the door. Our student, sensitive to fears Of thoughtless comrades’ laughing jeers, Had only time to make deposit Of his dear sister in a closet; Then haste the door to open wide ; His guest unbidden stept inside. He was a cheery-faced old man, ..v And with apologies began For calling, and then let him know That more than fifty years ago, , When he was in his youthful bloom, He’d occupied that very room ; So thought he’d take the chance, he- said, To see the changes time had made, j “ The same old window, same old view— Ha, 1m I the same old pictures, too! ” And then he tapped them with his cane, And laughed his merry laugh again. “ The same old sofa, 1 declare 1 Dear me 1 It must be worse for wear. The same old shelves 1 ’’ And then lie came And spied the closet door. “ The same Oh, my 1 ” A woman’s dress peeped through. Quick as he could he closed it to. He shook bis head. “• Ah I ah 1 the same Old game, young man, the same old game 1 ’’ “ Would you my reputation slur ? ” The youth gnsped; “ That's my sister, sir I ” “ Ah I ” said the old man, with a sigh, “ Tbc same old lie—the same old lie I ” An English divinconce told of passing a night in a haunted chamber in an English castle. He described how the ghost slowly stalked into the chamber, and described the armour which covered the form of the mys terious visitor. “ But how did you get rid of this vision ?" cried some of those who heard the story. “ Oh, very easily-,’’ replied the minister ; “ I merely took my subscription book from tlie table and the yjsion quickly. failed'nwav.” . : :i , faded away A lady, who was a member of a class studying a' t, concluded a recitation on Jleijr jaman Haydon by saying that *• towards t#e close of his life he committed suicide. A lady writer asks : Why don’t, bache lors marry ? " That’s so—why don’t tliiff J Come to think about it,We have not yet seen a bachelor who was married. It’s lamentijble, too. ... / 