A ROMAN CATHOLIC CEREMONY. Romish Influence in the Cabinet. Sir,— Under the above title, the Western Morning News reports, that on the occasion of the! presentation of new colours to the Royal Irish Regiment, at Davenport, on the 7th of Septtmlcr, the Rev. J. O'Flaherty, Roman Catholic Chaplain to the Forces, "witli the expressed consent of the War Office, performed ' the ceremony " of blessing the colours. From the reported details of this ceremony it appears that this Roman Catholic Priest, robed in full canonicals, delivered an address to the troopp, that " he sprinlcled the nexo Colours with holy water, blessed them in the language of the Roman Church,' and invoked " the interces sion of St, Michael and St. George " for the Divirie blessing upon these banners. Every possible effort seems to have been made to add to the eclat of the ceremony. Thousands of spectators witnessed the scene, all the highest Government officials from Plymouth and Davenport graced the service with their presence, it being " the first time since tho Reformation that a priest of the Roman Catholic Chnrch had ever officiated on such an occasion." As a great majority of these personages may not be aware of the true character of the Romish liteB at which they assisted, it iB desirable to give some explanation of the services performed, and of the alleged virtues and beneficial effects assumed to be obtained through this ceremonial. In the Roman Pontificals we find the Latin prayer directed to be offered on the occasion of " the blessing of a martial standard." The translation runs as follows : — " Almighty and Eternal God, Who art the blessing of all men, and the strength of those who triumph, look with favour upon our humble prayers ; and sanctify with the Heavenly benediction thiH standard which is prepared for use in war, that it may be strong against adversaries and rebellious nations, and hedged round with Thy defence, and may be a terror to the enemies of the Christian peopl e, a strengthener to those who trust in Thee, and a sure pledge of victory. For Thou art the God who bringeBt wars to nought, and affordest the aid of the Heavenly defence to those who hope in Thee. Through Christ our Lord," &c.;, &c; V, ! ' As all sects' oritside the Roman;Church are regarded by that! ! church 'as' heretics and enemies of " the, Christian People," it follows that' all Protestants are included in the nuiri-: ber of those for whom it is implored that this standard should be a terror. Following this prayer, we find in the Ponti ficate instructions for sprinlding the standard with holy water, and for handing it to the standard-bearer who is to receive it kneeling. The benefits attending this sprinhling are truly multifarious. Holy water in general is a manufacture of salt and water, but there is also a holier water, consecrated on "Holy Saturday," to be used in sprinklings, and in which other ingredients are infused, consisting chiefly of oils. Curious cere monies are observed in the manufacture— the salt is first exorcised, and then blessed— the water in its turn is exorcised and blessed, the priest breathes upon it, the Paschal candle is submerged in the mixture, and prayers are offered up that it may be impregnated with regenerating efficacy. The marvellous effects of these potent spells are fully set forth in a much esteemed work by Mgr. Gaume, entitled " L'Eau Benite au xix Piecle," published by Gaume, Freres et Dupuy, Paris, 4th Edition, 1876, Mgr. Gaume, at whose recent death, the R.O. papers were filled with lengthened obituaries on his virtues, was, when living, a Protonotary Apostolic. This special brochure of hiB is fortified with " the approval of the Bishop of Versailles, a letter from Cardinal Altieri, Camerlengo of the Holy Roman Church, and a letter of Commendation, and a Brief from the late Pope Pius IX. In this valuable work Mgr. Gaume enume rates the virtues of holy water as follows ' (1.) It remits venial Bins. (2.) The temporal penalties due to sin. (3.) It procures health. (4.) It causeB the devil to fly, and baffles all his wiles. (5.) It drives away epidemics and plagues of every description. Mgr. Gaume proceeds to furnish instances of the bestowal of these special blessings through the use of holy water. He cites caseB in which tho sprinkling of this fluid has been found effective in dispersing storms, guarding against the effects of lightning, dis pelling plagues, expelling ghosts faom haunted houses, causing devils to flee away discomfited, and as being a sovereign remedy for all diseases. This is not all — The benefits which may be regarded as possessing a supremo attraction for those engaged in warfare are also well exemplified. Cases, asserted to be authentic, are adduced in which the- application of this wonderful specific effected the instantaneous cure of fractured legs, and restored dead bodies to life. Everi the worst of crirninals may have hope ; an instance is recorded of miraculous restoration to life in a case in which death is stated to have so thoroughly supervened, that ."the-devils bad found and were dragging, away the deceased to the infernal regions." Mgr. Gaume, with arguments still more forcible, proceeds to urge the use of this in estimable engine of war. He commends to all Rulers and Chiefs of the State, the example of the Emperor Leo VI., who "com manded that general use should be mnde of holy water, and especially on grand occasions when it was necessary to decide upon the fate of the Empire," and who further, in the laws promulgated for the guidance of his armies, directed that, " on the eve of battle the Com mander-in-Chief should take care that the priests should sprinkle the whole army with holy water." Using the words recently addressed by Lord Randolph Churchill to the Scottish Protestant Alliance, I would ask : — Is the celebration of , this Romish Ceremony at Davonport the initiatory instance of the " general toleration commended by his Lordship, as the charac teristic of " these days of enlightenment ? " Does his Lordship, or do the Officials at the War Office, or the Officers of the British Army entertain the " senseless and irrational " belief that, if these consecrated fetishes are carried in front of the Royal Irish Regiment, they will obtain for our soldiers any one of the benefits enumerated by Mgr. Gaume, secure the victory over our enemies, or bring down God's blessing upon our armies ? I am. &o..; A. H. Guinness, Secretary Protestant Alliance. September 11th, 1886, 9 Strand, London. (From St. James ' Chronicle.') 