TEE LITTLE MASTER. [By J. T. Trowbridge, in the Boston Youth's Companion.] In Ten Chapters.—Chapter IX. {Continued.) After a brief survey of the situation, and a consultation with the boys, he divided them into two parties, and explained to them a plan of attack, " In the first place let us all bring rails from the fence; then, while Jason and his party build stagings under the windows and make a diversion that way, Chubb and the rest will have a chance at the underpinning. Eails were brought, and while some were placed at the rear windows, others were used in breaking through the snow-bank on one side and uncovering the weak spot in .the wall. Chauncey drew Veet Gerrish apart and pointed out to him the narrow chimney surmounting the end of the low roof. " If we boost you up on a rail," he said, " can yon climb up over that spot bare of snow, work your way along to the chimney, and be ready to do what I tell you ?" Notwithstanding the fact that the turning out of the new master meant the reinstatement of the old one, namely, Veet's father, Veet was on Cbauncey's side in the contest; in which, indeed, Mr. Gerrish had no part. Veet answered that he could and would, and after receiving his instructions started in high glee to ascend the rail. With Jason's help he reached the roof and clambered to the iidge. This feat was witnessed, as far as the condi tion of things would permit, by those inside the school-room, who, seeing Veet's legs dis appear over the edge of the roof, set up a jeer ing shout. "He's going to come down through [the chimney,'' they cried, which seemed to them a good joke, since the chimney had no opening below except into the high stovepipe at the end of the school-room, Chauncey was willing to amuse them that way; for by this time Chubb's stone had been found and displaced. It had taken a few minutes to remove it on account of the imbed ding snow, but at laBt an opening was made by which a good-sized boy could crawl in on all fours. Chubb led the way, disappearing in the dark cavity, and others threw their cap3 off, preparing to follow. Chauncey now mounted a support of rails under one of the rear windows, which were high, the ground on which the_ Bchoolhouse stood falling away towards the river. From that position he could get a view of what was going on inside, and divert attention from.the real point of attack. He was at the end of the house, beside the chimney, which Veet had now reached; and looking up, the master could see the boy looking down, noldiDg on by one hand, and watching for the signal agreed upon. Veet, it may be observed, had taken his owucoat off and laid it on the roof, which to the school children below must have seemed a very strange thing for him to do, perclipd up there in the cold wind. Could it be to make himself smaller for his anticipated descent of the chimney-flue and the stove pipe ? .Chauncey made a motion for him to wait where he was ; amd put his face close to .the glimmering pants. Jason was at his elbow, and two ortnree others were climbing up be hind them on the loose support of rails. . The other end of the house, 'which was the ft-only was partitioned off into the entry and the girl's cloak-room which adjoined it.:' Looking across, Chauncey could see that the entry-door was wide open, while that leading ■ ■from the schoolroom into the girls'- room was nearly closed, a circumstance which favored Chubb's scheme. He was also pleased to see Lesten Corson putting fresh wood into the stove, as if preparing for a longsiege. He smiled like wise, thoughgrimly,-atSam Coles, who wasdraw ing a caricature on the blackboard; a grotesque figure in enormous spectacles, meant, of course, for the master, who was watching it. At sight of the supposed assailants at the window, Otis and Beanfield, who were on the watch, took up each a billet of stove-wood and stood ready to repel the assault. Chauncey rapped Bmartly on the sash'and cried out in ringing tone's— '1 John Otis! Noah Beanfield ! -put down those sticks and open that outside door! You're - getting yourselves into trouble." - John and Noah, looking scared and anxious^ turned to say something to Hester. "Samuel Coles! '^ahoutedtbe master, "you'd better leave that interesting work ot art and) let me in; I'll give you a sitting!" The hand that held the chalk dropped awkwardly by the artist's side as he turned with a sheepisn, frightened sort of laugh to his companions. Lester said something in a low voice, and having shut the stove-door with a resounding clang caught up the heavy iron poker, with whicn he marched to the window where Chauncey stood. For the first time since their encounter on that floor master and pupil faced each other. There is no deadlier hate than that of a friend who has greatly wronged a friend and become his foe. Such a foe was Lester, and such hate glittered in his eyes. " Get down from there, Old Spectacles !" he cried, brandishing his poker, while John and Noah backed him up with their billets. " Or, if you want what I owe you, come on!" Chauncey was glad to speak a word to the bumptious youth, even through glass; and at the same time to favor his sappers and miners beneath the house. " What do you owe me, Lester Corson ?" he exclaimed, eyeing him steadily, and never : flinching, although the formidable bar of iron might at any moment go crashing through the glass into his face. • " To turn you out; that's part of the debt, and I've paid it," answered Lester, with: haughty fierceness. " You've had your day. You needn't flatter yourself that you have any right here. My father sent me to lock up the achoolhouEe, and I've done it—with you out side " "Lester Corson!" repeated the master sternly, "think what this schoolhouse is for ! Think what it once was to you, when you couldn't say enough inl acknowledgment of what I was doing for you and the school! How have I ever injured you? What was the be ginning of all this miserable warfare? It began in your own proud, selfish, ungrateful conduct, and you know it, Lester ?" "No matter how it began," said Lester, " this is the way it is going to end." ■ " Never !" cried Chauncey. "Even if you triumph over me that will not end it for you. The memory of the wrong you have done will rankle in your heart—if you have a heart—all your life. You can never forget that it is you who have brought all this trouble on yourself, and me, and the school, by your foolish, your worse than foolish, your almost fiendish spite. Not for all the triumphs in the world, Lester Corson, would I have that on my conscience, or the recollection of having wronged anybody . as you have wronged the school and me." Lester stood sullenly scowling. What answer he would have made, if any, I cannot say; for just then Sam Coles uttered a cry of alarm. He had been standing with the guilty chalk still in his fingers, a spectator of what was going on at the window, when a noise in the cloak-room attracted his attention. He ran to it, and beheld the apparition of a head and a pair of shoulders coming up through the floor. Cobwebs in the hair and snow on the back added to the strangeness of the effect. But Sam knew very well it was no ghost. He re cognised Syl Chubb, who sprang up and at him just as he uttered his astonishing cry, and re coiled, pulling the door after him. He had the advantage of the bow-shaped handle on his side, while there w^snothing but the old-fashioned little iron latch on the other. But Chubb was too quick for him. He caught the door itself and held on to prevent his shutting it, while he shouted for help to his comrades following him through the floor. Otis and Beanfield, and finally Lester himself - rushed to Sam's assistance, and in the struggle Chauncey could not for a minute see which side'was getting the advantage. _ The door swayed to and fro—now threatening to shut altogether and exclude the assailants, then to fly wide open and let them into the school room. Suddenly there arose a howl of pain and rage, just at a moment when Lester's side appeared to win. The door was closed or very nearly closed, only somebody's fingers were in it. It was the owner of the fingers who yelled. "It's Lep! He's ketched!" Jason fairly shrieked with delight in Chauncey's ear. The way it happened was simple enough. While Chubb and his comrades on one side were pulling the door open, Lester dropped his poker and Beanfield his billet, and grasping the edge of the ,d°or» pulled with all their might the other way, -to aid Coles and Otis, who was tugging at the handle. Only two of Chubb's followers had got through the floor, and they quickly saw that the battle was goiDg against them. Thereupon, in obedience to Chubb, who perceived an oppor tunity for a neat turn, all let go at once; and instead of hauling any longer at the door, they threw themselves against it. Beanfield was nimble enough to leave only two fingers in the crack. But Lester, in his' blind fury, held on while the crushing weight of Chubb and his companions closed the door upon his two hands. Beanfield succeeded, after a jerk or two, in getting away alto gether, leaving the entire pressure to come upon the Corson digits. Nor was it simply the weight of those pushing which they had to bear. It was some time—a terribly long time it seemed to Lester—before Coles and Otis took in the situation, and ceased to pull! " Oh, stop! Push! Push ! You're cutting my hands in two!" yelled LeBter, He was not very popular, even with his party, and I am inclined to think they were not sorry to hear the haughty young tyrant of the school cry out in the agony of his cracking knuckles like any common mortal. They hastened to help him, however; and as those who had pulled were now pushing, so those who had pulled the other way b9gan also to push. Beanfield took up the poker Lep had dropped, inserted it into the crack, and pried to enlarge it. Then all at once Lep reeled backward, writhing over his released hands. He did not once look up at the window to see if the enemy enjoyed his discomfiture. He was now out of the combat. But the doer waB closed, and the poker thrust into the handle, to hold -it against the Chubb party, who foand themselves shut in the little cloak room, unless they chose to crawl but the way they had crawled in. Then all at once the stove poured forth a dense volume of smoke, which rolled out and swiftly filled the room. The wood Lester had last put in had just had time to get well kindled, when Veet, at a signal from Chauncey, laid his coat over the top of the chimney and shut off the draught. Perhaps those within thought Yeet .was coming down through the flue and stovepipe, af£er all. There was no stopping the smoke. Lest9r, still nursing hiB disabled hands, kicked open the stove door ; but that seemed to let out only a blacker cloud. Blinded, choking, he ran to a side window, which Beanfield wa3 opening, but before he could put out his head, a rail wa3 thrust in. Jason Cobhouse wa3 at the other end of the rail. At the same time Otis and Coles made a rush for the entry, followed by the Chubb party, who were now five in number, and who threw open the cloakroom door as the poker • dropped from the handle. A minute later the rebels had fled; door and windows were wide open; Yeet's coat, at a call from the master, was pulled from the chimney-top, and the room was rapidly clear ing of smoke. Chauncey rapped on his desk. "The school will come to order!" he said, wiping first his glasseB and then his tearful eyes. He had kept his -word. And yet it can hardly be said that he had opened the school "as usual," , (To Ic continued. J 