A Striking Ghost Story. Many years ago, Lord Castlereagh, afterwards Marquis of Londonderry, went on a visit to Knebworth, the seat of Mr. Bulwer, father of the first Lord Lytton. Knebworth could boast, even in those days, a haunted room, and this apartment was set aside for Lord Castlereagh, without any unkind intention on tho part of his host, however, as the ghost which was supposed to visit this chamber very soldom made his appearance. So rare, in fact, were his visitations that his existence was not even suspected by any of the ser vants then in Mr. Bulwer's employ. Iiord Castlereagh arrived at Knebworth late in the evening, retired early to rest, and went quickly to sleep, only noticing before closing his eyes that a comfortable wood fire had boen lighted in the quaint, old-fashioned fire- place, opposite to which stood the root of his bed. Suddenly he awoke, with the unplea sant consciousness that he was not alone in his room, and, looking up, he saw to his great amazement that some one was sitting by the hearth, resting his head upon his hand as he leant forward in his chair, and apparently gazing intently into the fire. Greatly surprised at seeing a stranger in his room, Lord Castlereagh sat up in bed, and was ' further astonished to see that the figure was that of a young boy, with a profusion of ' long yellow hair, and clad from head to foot in yellow garments of a picturesque and medisBval fashion. While Lord Castlereagh was still won- ' dering how so strange a figure could possibly have gained access to his room, the Yellow Boy turned slowly round, looked at him steadfastly for an instant, drew Ids right hand rapidly across his throat, and vanished. Next day Lord Castlereagh related to his host his curious experience of the night before. Mr. Bulwer appeared somewhat hor rified at what he heard, but he endeavoured to make light of the matter, carefully concealing from his visitor the popular superstition that the apparition of the Yelloift Boy not only foretold a violent death to the man who saw him, but also lef c no doubt as to the manner of death that he should die. Strangely enough, a few years later, Lord Castlereagh committed suicide by cutting his own throat at his country residence in Kent — a fact which, taken in con- 1 nection with the apparition of the Yellow Boy, was cer tainly a curious coincidence, if nothing more. — Lady's Pic torial. ? ? 