STEEPLEGHASE DAY. The Spring meeting of 18SG was brought to a close on Saturday, when a capital days' sport was witnessed by those who, like myself, enjoy the ofe days of the meeting best. But for the fact that duty demands my atten dance on Cup, I should only visit the course on the other three days-the Derby Day, Oaks Day, and Steeple chase Day, and I must admita decided preference for the last day. On Saturday morning the weather did not look very promising, but it cleared up at about eleven o'clock, and by noon, when the trains began to get crowded, the sun was shining brightly. The racing commenced with the Mare's Produce Stakes, in which Volcano achieved a very hollow victory over Lord William and Menotti, the only other starters. The Flemington Stakes was the next item on the card, and in this event Casuist proved victorious after a good race, Oceana who carried a lot of money, being second, and Sumatra and' Albert Loddon tieing for third place. The V.R.C. handicap, which followed, was appropriated by Bravo, with Britisher a good second and Brown and Rose third. A protest was entered by Fallon, the rider of Britisher, who alleged that Campbell, the rider of Bravo, had struck him with the whip. Aftei a lengthy, consideration, the stewards dismissed the protest..' The race of the day-the Steeplechase was the next item on the programme, and eight out of. the twelve horses colored on the card faced the starter. Game, the top weight, with? 1st. 51b. to carry over the three miles, was made a warm favorite, starting at even money against the field, and had he not come down at the last jump but one, he would have stood a good show of winning, as he was only: a few lengths behind Lady Ashton, but as he did not stand up; Lady Ashton and Native, the only two who got round without a mistake secured first and second place respectively. Curiosity fell at the last jump and lay prone so long that everyone believed hlie was killed. Some surprise was, conse quiently occasioned when he was seen cantering up the straight just as Lady Ashton and Native were returning to scale. Game was also ridden quietly home soon after. The Canterbury Plate was realcly a match between Trenton and Trident and was there fore regarded with as much interest as any event dtiriing thl Iheooting. Trenton was made favorite, but the Derby winner proved the best and weoi rather easily after a good race. The Free Handicap, with which the day's racing concluded, was appropriated by IHogmanay, Lord Wilton being second, and The Nun and Remus running a dead heat for third place. The follow ing are the details of the racing: MARES' PRODUCE STAKES, A Sweepstakes of 10 sovs. each, h ft, 1 sov ft only if declared, with 100 added. For 3 yrs old-colts, 8st 101b; fillies, 8st 51b. The winner of the V.R.C. Derby, 1880, to carry 71b extra. The second horse to re ceive 100 sovs. and the third 50 soas out of the stake (194 Subs.) 'One mile and a quarter. . .. VOLCANO ... .. (Hales) 1 LoRb WiLit.Ai ... (Nerriker) 2 soIrr : - . ...(O'llrien). 3 Betting : 5 to 2 on Volcano, 5 to 1 Lord William or M1enotti. Menotti showed in front for a few strides after the flag dropped, but Volcano very soon went to the front and remained the e. the other two, who kept together pretty .well to the distance never being able to make the favorite gallop. Volcano won inn canter, and Ilcaotti not being persevered with Lord William obtained second place. Time, 2m. 13Is. TIIE FLEMINOTON STAKES. A Handicap Sweepstake of 5 sovs each, 1 ft, with 250 added. Second horse to receive 75 sove out of the stake. ' For 2 y?1 old. Winner of any handicap value 75 aovs or upwards, after declaration of weights, to carry 71b extra. Half a mile. CAssT .. . (Rummage) I OCEANIA ... ... (Robertson) 2 SUMAT ..... .... ... (Moore) t ALBEwr Loueno ... (Walker) t The other starters were- Bedouin, Yet man, Harridan, Firebrace, Aberdeen, Miranda, Glentworth, Probation, Esperance, Citadel, Liedertafel, Loyalist, Essex, Necta rine, St. Michael, and Jessica. Betting: 3 andl 4 to I (at first 8 to 1) Oceania, 5 to I Aberdeen, 0 to I Harridan and Sumatra, 8 to I Yetmnau or Glentworth, 10 to 1 Bedouin, Probation or Miranda. The flag dropped to what appeared to be a not very even start. Oceania appeared to be in a good position about half way home, while the colors of Ycetman and Alordeen were promiment. At the distance Oceania still led, but Causist here shot to the front and obtained a clear lead of about three lengths. Robertson tried hard to get on terms, but Casnlat was able to hold his own and passed the post with about two lengths to the good. Time 52ls., so0:e amusement caused by the figures on thl board .slhowing the time as 52 minutes and half a second. TIIE V.RC UIANDICAP. A Sweepstake of 5 sovs each, 1 ft, with 250 added; second hlorsc to receive 50 soes oat of tlhe stake. For 3 yrs old and np ward. Winner of any handicap value 75 sors or upwau ls, after declaration of weighlts, to carry 71b extra. One mile and three quarters. Ul.Avo ... ... ...- (Camppell) I BRITIsIE ...... (Fallon) 2 BROWs AND ROSE ... (GOUghl) 3 The othler starters were Meteor, Sardius, Grace I)arling, Claptrap, Rinimaster, Monte Christo, First Prince, Lcslia, Im pulse, and Yellowi Hammer. Betting: 2 to 1 Brown and Rose. 5 to I Britisher, 6i to 1 Ringmaster- or Claptrap, 8 to 1 First Prince, 10 to 1 Grace Darling, Sardius, Bravo and others. At tfirst the betting was 3 to I Blen Iolt, 3 anid 4 to i lhoils anld Rose, but lieu Iholt was scratched after a lot of money hail beeu lput n him, andi thile fiehlers the, shortened the odds agsinet lBrown and Rose. A capital start was effected, Yellow Hlammoer shootiun to tlhe front anld main taining the lead for about a n:il, whcn IIm piulse tooek up the running, thie ordlurat ithe back of the coulrse being Iiipulso,, TYellowr Hammer. Rin.gmaster, -with First Priuce and Lesbia in close attenduuce. At tihe abbahloirs, OGra' Da)rling came along very fast and ran into second place, First Prince and Lesbia being next, and Bravo improv. ing his position. Coming into the straight Orace Darling took the lead. Bravo got in front befo?r the distance was reached, and tritisher and Browu and Rase were draw ingap, the former making desperate effortd t., get on terms with Btravo, who, however, passed the post pith a hlad of about half ti length, Brown and Rose being a good third and Claptrap fourth. Time, Sm. 7ts. STEEPLECuASE. A handicap sweepstakes of 10 soes. ea ch, 3 ft., with 400 added. The second horse' to receive 100 sors. out of the stake. Winner of any handicap steeplechase value 75 sors. or upwards, after decla ration of weights, to carry 71b. extra; Over such course and .jumps as the" Stewards shall direct. About 3 miles. Lady Ashton ...... (Mt'.eod Native ... (Fergusson) 3 The other starters were--lGhnme, Lady Carringtou, Wickliffe, Uavelock, tMoonlight and Curiosity. Betting-From even mtonicy to 6 to 4 on Game, 4 to 1 on Contingent (scratched after the books were opened), 6 to I Lady Ashton and Native, 8 to 1 Havelock and Wickliffe, 10 to 1 Curiosity. Lady Ashton jumped away with tihe lead followed by Curiosity, Native, Lady Car rineton, Havelock, Game and Moonlight. Lady Carrington came down at the second jump and Moonlight followed suit after pas sing thle abtttoirs. Passing the stand Lady Ashton led five lengths ahcd of Curiosity, who was about the same distance in advance of Native and Ganme, then after a consider able gap came Havelock and Wickliffe, aid after the course had been rushed by the. spectators, Mloonlight, who had been re mounted, came galloping up, cleaning a road' as he went, but getting stopped by the' crowd before he reached the stone wall.t Along Iy the river Game was taken forward to within a few lengths of Lady Ashton. Near the bridge Havelock came to grief, and after passing the sheds Wickliffe cameo down. G(ame was within four legtlhs oft Lady Ashton when he fell at the last jemny' but one, and the last jump brought Curiosity down. Native was about a dozen lengths behind Lady Aahton when the straight was reached, but after decreasing the gap a little he seemed to ctllapso, and Lady Ashton won by about six lengths in the fast time of 6m. 51ls. S CA.Treanur PLITar A sweepstake of 10sovs. each, 2 ft. with 400 added.. Second horse to receive 100 sovs out of the stake. Weight for age. Two'miles.' ' Trident . ... (Hales) 1 Trentoni . ... (Robertson) 2 Cyclops '. ... (Williamson) 3 Betting-0 to 4 on Trentoii, even money on Trident, 10 to 1 Cyclops;! 30 to 1 Tama risk.' -. - Tamarisk went away withlthe lead to cut out the running forTt ident the order as they passed the stand . tle , first time being Tamarisk, Cyclops, Trident and Trenton, who wasaboat ten lengths behind the leader. At the back of the course Trident and Treiton passed the others, Tamarisk being last instead of first. Coming into the straight Trident and Trenton left the 'others together, the former leading by about two lengths. Trenton tried hard, but was not able to get on terms, and Trident won easily by a length. Time, 5m. 25Es. \- Fn? ?L~xmctP....: ' A Handicap Sweepstako of 5 sovs. each I ft, .with 150 added. For 3 yis old and up wards. Winner of any handicap value of 75 soves. r upwards, after declaration of weights, to carry 71b extra. Hoganay.. . :... (Hales) I Lord Wilton... . (Campbell) 2 ThoeNm i!... .. ... (Fiddes) I Remus ... . ... (Dalton) 5' The other starters were- William Tell,.. Pocahontas, The Ghost, Jim Cain, Daystar, Cestus and Lara. - ' '' Betting-3 to 1 Kitawa, 7 to 2 Lord Wil ton, 8 to 1 Pocahontas, 10 tol Tlhe Nun, Tlhd Ghost, Daystar, Wfilliam Tell, Jimo Cain, HIogmanay, 10to20.o I:others. To a poor start Daystar and Kittawawere quickest away. Attihobridge Daystar and a slight lead, William Tell and Tile Nun being handy. At the back Lord Wiltou run into second place and at the abattoirs William Tell lead for the first time, atnd with a rush was first in the straight fol lowed by Lord Wilton and 'the Nun. Hales called on Hagmanay at the distance and coming away won by a half a length from Lord Wilton. Time,lIm. 68s. 