; 'FOUNDED' pN'fAOt.v' BY T. MALCOLM WATSON. I had written a novel which, I may Bay wihout affectation, hud boon recoivod, aliko by the public and tho prosa, with nmrkod favour. Possibly tho gonorous rocoption oxtondod to it; may, in oomo moftsuve, havo boon tho result, of my own frankness in nfv ouco acknowledging tho souvco from which 1 hud drawn my inapi-' nifcioii. Novortholoss, I am, I think, jus tiliod in sayiusj that tho book owed its buocosb loss to tlio mtnoaoy of its plot than to tho adroit lnimnor in which tho incidonfcs woro handlod, and, abovo all, to tho suhtlo aniilyais of a mind giftod boyond tho common. I'liu volumo has boon bo rooonfcly in tho hands of roadors, and by. thorn so fully discussod, that I fool n not unnatural diflldonuo in roforring to it hovo in any thing Iiko detail. If thoro ia ono thing I disliko moro than anothor, itiatlio (;hrust ing of my own personality before the public. But, unfurtunatoly, I have no option in tho present instance ; I havo given asoloinn plodgo under circumstances of nobuliar grrtvity, and the responsibility rostingon mo until that pledge is rodocinod cannot readily bo ovor-ostiinatod. I liavo — unwittingly, it is true— perpetrated a serious wrong against a follow-oroature, and tho only mothod open to mo of un doing tho ovil thus wrought is to mako my recantation no Ios3 public than tho error whioh roudors it nocoaaary. Although, thoroforo, I do not fool called upon to enter with any dogrob of minuto noss into tho particulars of my story ? a, task particularly diafcastoful to ono of my motloat disposition— I am forcod to call to tho iwidor's memory ono or two of tlio loading ovonts sot forth in ita pages. It will bo romomborod that in tho profaoo I at 01100, as I havo said, disharmod hostile .oritioisin on tho scovo of originality by can didly daclaring the basis of my tale to bo tho account of, a curtain trial for murdor, which I had lineavthod from an old news paper. It would, howovor, bo unfair to my own share in tho work did I not add that the details thoro givon woro of the most moagro kind— a voritablo skoloton in fact from which not only ovory vostigo of flesh' had long huicb disappeared, but which, during thooo yoaa ot sopulturo, had lost a goodly number of its original Donos ; and anionir fcimsm ninn« «f u_ „ ? i. important. To mo, then, fell tho task of rehabilitating this timo- worn structure— of clothing it again, so to spoalc, with its former wrappmgs— and' of imparting to it such vitahty M might prove acceptable to tho public of tho proaont day. Iho nowBpapcr.roporb to which I havo alluded was short and to many might aoom prosaic. ^It told in conciso languatro how a certain Benjamin North had boon tried and convicted of tho murdor of his wlfu. ,]„ '^/.i-.-omained unrecorded, ]io in duo courso oxpiated on tho scaffold. Tho ovidonco wont to show that for many years previous to thoiv mavriago tho union of thoso two hnd bson looked upon as probablo, and that only a scries of malign influences had prevented tho consum mation of their hopes at an earlior period. Their happinosa, howovor, was fated to be of briof duration. Shortly, after tho wedding, Hypatia— no longer, bo it said, in tho first bloom of hor youth— developed symptoms of ill-health. Tho circumstance did not pass unobserved by her husband, in whoso favour it was urged at tho trial that no ono could have displayod grcator pationco or devotion. Tho haunts of hor earlior days wero forsalson, and old frionds saw almost nothing of their formor com rade. On the raro occasion which found him absent from his wife's sido it was ap paront, morovoiy that ho had ohangod greatly. His mannor was moro serious and at times oven doprcssod. A certain gloom had settled upon his face, and his very gait betrayed a mind anxious and harassed. Tho suddon death of his wife followed soon aftor. Of itR cause there novor was tho slightest doubt : a day or two pre viously North had purchased a quantity of araonic with tho ostensible purpose of giving it to his horses to improve tho ap pearance of their coats. It was clearly proved, and indeed was never denied, that his wife's death had resulted from a doao of this vory poison. Tho dofenco appears to havo boon con ducted on tho most primitive linos. A. plea certainly was advanced that the woman had, eithor by accident or design, taken the arsenic horsolf ; hut; «a no evi dence was adducod in support of tho as Hortion, tho man's case quickly foil to tho ground. Nor, from what I eould gather, did tho rosult causo him eithor surprise or uneasinos3. Like tho Greeks of old, ho seemed to soo in his approaching doom' tho hand of fnto from which no mortal aid eould aavo him. Such waa tho framework upon which I had avowedly built up my story, carry ing candour oven so far as to givo chaptor and vorso for my authority. And although it may, at firut glance, bo thought that tho narrativo contained little oithor of an. extraordinary or Bonsational naturo, to mo thoro was much both keenly pathetic and dramatic in it. I conjurod up the early struggles of theso loving hoarts — tho long, Blow years of waiting until thoir hopos at last should bo crowned with fruition. In Hypatia I re cognised a woman of a trusting and loyal disposition ; in North a man of lofty, if somewhat solf-containod, character. And towards theso two, just as tho cup of happiness was raised to thair lips, tho hand of doath was soon to strotch forth, and tho inevitable end to approach. That North was convincod of his wifo's noar dissolution I had no doubt, and- that ho felt tho coming separation oven more acutely than horaolf was no loss clear to mo. And so ho had taken his determina tion. If thoy might no longer livo to gether, death at least (should not part thorn. Imbued with this rcsolvo, ho had purchased1 tho poison, intending to mako away with both his wifo and himself. But, aftor administering hor portion, hia nerve had failed him ; and boforo ho could summon up courago sufficient to comploto his purposo, justico was on his track. Novortholesa, whon his fato camo, ho mot it calmly and heroically, conscious that if ho had sinned in aot ho ivus at least innocont in intention. Tho character of tho man had grown upon mo with wonderful vividnoss, and I had taken tho groatost pains to portray tho motives by which ho had boon animated. Tho success of the book may bo accoptcd as Bomo indication that my efforts woro not wholly in vain. Somo fow wooks aftor its publication I was sitting ono evening alono in my study. It was oloso upon midnight, and I had already boon writing for sovoral hours, as ib was necessary tho work I hnd in hand Bhould bo finished by a upcoiiiod timo, and 1 waa anxious to koop faith. Just at that momoijfe' r found myacilf brought to a atop by tho want of certain data, whioh I ro momberod woro to bo found in one of my rofercnco-bookH. Being dosirouB to com ploto tho artiolo boforo rotiring for tho night, I accordingly laid asido my pon, and prococdod downstairs in pursuit of^no volumo in question. A fow minutoB1 soaroh Bullicod to pro vido mo with what I required, and, taking tho book in my hand, I roturnod 01100 more to my work. Entering tho room hastily, it waa not until I roaehod my place at tho tablo that I noticed tho chair opposite to mo to bo occupiod'. I muat confoas to coiisidonvblo surprise and oven aomo littlo alarm at tho appari tion of a stranger in my houno. With the exception of the sorvanta I livo alone, and certainly I had no rocollection of having invitod uuyono of this gentleman's nppcav anco to call on mo at so unseemly an liour as midnight. Besides, how had ho con trived to ontor without making liiinsolf lioard 1 'Good evening, sir,' he Baid with a strong provincial accont, as I took my soat. ' 'Good ovoning,' I roplied, not vory cordially, porhaps j but under tho circum stances an absonco of warmth' might bo oxcusod. 'I fear, however,' I continued, ' I havo not tho advantago of knowing whom I am addrosBing.' As I spoke I mado a hasty aurvoy of tho strangor in the hope of recalling the occasion on which wo had met boforo. ' But my offorts wero in vain. His features Boomed wholly unknown to mo. _ Theso, it may bo observed, woro buIU ciontly romarkablo to leave a lasting im prossion upon a memory losa retontivo than my own. But what struck 1110 most forcibly m this first examination was tho old-fashioned air of tho man ; an impres Bion, by tho way, considerably heightened by his stylo of costuino, which appeared to bo modelled upon a pattern fashionable iti tho yoara of this oontury, but curiously out of kocping with tho prcsont-day fur niture of my room. Tho other points in particular attracted my attontion : tho first, that ho was a vory small man — so small, indood, that as ho sat on a not in ordinately high chair, his foot did not ovon touch tho ground, but hung sus pended in mid-air, oscillating baokwarda and forwards liko a pair of ponduluma ; tho othor, that his faco was exceedingly rod and chllbbv. Thoro wna. mnrnnrar n good-naturodtwinklo about hia oyca which immediately suggostod to tho o'baorvcr a poivor of appreciating a joko, if not of too Bubtlo an ordor, quito oqual to tho avorago. Although I mysolf was unconsoious of having givon uttorunco to anything par ticularly humorous, ho scorned to draw from my reply a considorablo fund of amusement, for it sot him laughing some w^iat bbistoronsly. 'And yot,' ho an ov tlu'nks ho knows— morti'a*boW-iuu-ts — my doings than yourself.' ' You must bo labouring undor some mistake,' I rejoined gravoly. ' Unless my moniory greatly decoivoB mo, wo liavo novor mot boforo to-night, so that it 19 impossible I should be acquainted with your hiatory.' 'That's procisoly what I havo come to complain about,' said tho littlo man, turning a shade reddor, and with a touch of irritation in hia voico ; ' you admit you havo never scon me boforo — know nothing of my thoughts, actions, manners, or tastos, and yot, forsooth, you coolly con stituto yburaolf my biographer I' 'Your — your — what 1' I queried. ' My biographor,' roplied the Btrangor. 'My namo, sir,, is North — Boujainin North — and I've taken somo littlo trouble, let mo toll you, to come hero to-night, that I may have tho satisfaction of a per sonal explanation with tho gentleman who has boon good enough to writo my life.' I aat back in 1113' chair speechless, over come with tho variety of omotions which crowclod upon mo; But what, porhaps, oppressod 1110. moro than any, was tho \thought that I had boon basely tricked and doooived. Tish Benjamin North— rod-faced, commonplaco, fat littlo person, thoprototypoof that high-soulcdandgontlo man whoso caroor I had traced 'with so loving a hand ? It was impossible ; or, if it woro indeed true, thon' I had boon dooply wronged : . robbod of what is doarost to 'tho writor'a heart— a noblo ideal. ? ' I thought I should surprise' you,' ho roBumed, ' and I'm glad to find that you havo at loast the gra.ee to be silent But d on' suppose I've come all the way from tho other world, simply to taunt you. No, sir, in so acting I had a definite objbet in viow — an objoct, moroovor, I intend shall bo accomplished boforo I roturn.' He paused for a moment, whether from ox oitomont or want of' breath I was unable to dotorinino, but quickly continued iu an improssivo tono,' contrasting ludicrously with his appoaranco, 'You, sir, have dono mo a serious', inj ury. ' As ho said those words I felt inclined to break into a. hysterical laugh at the absurdity of tho accusation, but with a strong effort I. controlled myself. ' I do not,' I observod, ?' quito understand whiit grounds you havo for complaint.' : No sooner hnd I apokon tlinn I would havo givon much to recall tho soutonco. Tho o'ffect upon Mr. North was so decidod aa to cause mo serious alarm. His faco becamo purple, and I feared evory instant to soo him roll off his seat in a fit of apoplexy. Tho horriblo thought forced itsolf upon mo : what if I wore loft with tho corpso of a ghost upon my hands? Fortunately, howovor, I was spared that calamity, for, rocovering Innisolf, ho again addressed mo, this timo almost savagely — ' ' Grounds for complaint I1 ho oohood. ' Why, sir, putting aside all question as to facts, rogarding which, by tho way, you aro about as far wrong as a man can bo, whore, may I ask, did you find authority for tho charactor you have givon me ?' Tho quorition cortainly nonplused mo not a littlo. 'I — I must allow,' I answered, ' I drew that from my imagin ation.' ' ' Imagination I ' lio replied in an accont of tho moat profound contempt. 1 Exactly ; you novol-writers seom to fancy that tho momont you havo uttered shibboleth 'Imagination' tho last word haa boon said. It novor occurred to you, I Buppo30, to think what iny foolinga might bo on tho Biibjoct V ' I confess,' I returned, aomowhat humbly, ' I had not givon that point the consideration it doubtless dosorvod. You must romombor, howovor,' I added in extenuation, 'that you had boon dead somo Bovonty years or moro. Moroovor, I took tho precaution of changing your namo.' ?' ' That's good,' rotortod tho littlo man, swinging hia legs to and frp with addi ?'?'?\\\ :'---:if'^/H-:Oi.i.! --. ;vA' ': ;?;/'?; :'',-??''/. tional force, lloally, you aro too oonaido rato. And Buoh a disguiBe, too ! No body, ofioburso, could possibly roco-vniBo Bonjanun North undor tho pseudonym of Benjamin South.1 'Tho two nn'moB aro at least aa far apart as the poles,' I suggested with a. vacuous Bnnlo, hoping to turn tho matter into a humorous channol. '! ' Egad ! you'vo a protty wit,' ho an flWerod, ' a most oxcolloiit -wit.' Thon, waxing warm or — ' Dammo, sir!- I've known a man ran through tho body for a ; worso joko.1 .? . ?'??.' I hastcnod to oxprcss my satisfaction that tho quality of mino was not such as to call down upon 1110 a similar fato. But I spoke to rogardless oars, for, paying no hoed to my interruption, Mr. North again proceeded to tho attack : — '' Oomo, sir, lot's havo a look at thia precious book of yours. You'vo a copy undor your hand, 1 aeo. There aro 0110 or two ptisaages I'd liko to havo tho ploasuro of hearing you repoat aloud, buppono wo bogiu with pajro twentv nmo I' ? ' Tho consternation visible upon my faco at Hub proposal brought back my interlo cutor to a plcaaantor stato of things, and a look of marked, coritont nettled upon his fcaturca as ho said, with a grim chuckle, ' It isn't ovory day an author has tho pnvilogo of declaiming hi3 own pro ductions to so appreciative an audi CDCO.' Hocognising tho futility of resistance, I took up tho volumo and opened it at tho point indicated. As I road', tho words seemed to tako Oj. now and. unnatural meaning, and I could hardly realise that thoy woro tho same which, an hour ago had appoared bo full of powor and desoriptivo hiBight. ' ' Tho laws which rogulato Naturo and' Humanity,' I bogan, in a hard, spasmodic voico, ' whilo working towards tho samo ends, l\nvo each their different mothods of attaining reaults. With tho formor tho thing that is precious is too ofton hidden beneath a valueloss husk ; with tho latter soldom or never. So it was in Benjamin South's caso. Tho noblo soul within was adumbrated by tho lofty expression of his face ; tho unconscious yearnings of a highor naturo woro traced upon ovory lino of hia fcaturca. Tall and mcagro, almost to emaciation, his vory porson indicated a disrogard for all sonsual pleasures, which, it was manifest, swept past shamo stnekon and abashed, leaving him pure ana unsulliod aa tho soft wlnto light of tho crescontmoon.' _' ' It's a littlo mixod,' Baid my listener, with a grin of malignant ploas'uro, ' but it describes mo to tho life. And your olocutioiiary stylo brin^a out tho points with such vividnoss, that you roally must allow mo to congratulate you upon it. Pray continue, sir, for next to epitaphs on gravestones, it's tho most ontortain ing rootling I have mot with for a lon-* timo.' ... ? XJ-f-'out to do as ho requested. ? 'Ho was gifted,' I proceeded, '?with a mind of singuarly analytical and introa peotivo typo, possessed, too of an un oquallcd faculty of projecting itaolf into tho future, and of bringing back thence much that would havo proved elusive to a naturo leas libomlly endowed, The po tentiality of his presence was apparont under any circumstances ; it dominated' all with whom ho came in contact, and may porhaps bo bost described by the word electrical. It will not, however, surprise anyono . that a mind bo purely subject ivo in its action should havo had its weak point, and it muat bo admitted ' that synthetically South's was a compara tive fajluro. Tho croativo faculty had boon in a great measure denied, to him, and horoin ho fell short of groatnesB. But in saying so much I do 110 moro than allow that ho was one of thoso who only just miss attaining tho heights upon which men of tho noblest genius and power of expression havo walkod and lived.' ' ' Thank you 1' said my guest, whose face during tho recital of tho preceding had gradually becomo ovorcast and troubled. ' I think I won't ask you to go on. It's vorj' fine, no doubt, but I'm afraid I don't quite grasp tho meaning. Besides, it makes me sleopy, and I have ono or two matters to set right boforo I loavo.' I laid asido the book with a sigh of re liof. For tho first time in my life I had found tho pagea dull. Mr. North's noxt remark surprised mo not a littlo : You'ro not married of courao V he aaid. 'No ' I ausworod, 'bufc why ' of course' V ' Thon ho continuod, disregarding my question, 'in describing tho relations existing botween my wifo and mysolf you drew, I prosumo upon your imagination again V ' YeB ' I roplied with somo enthusiasm, 'I pictured to mysolf tho indissoluble union of two souls, bound togother by no earthly tio, but merged tho ono into tho othor by tho sublime alchemy of a divino hand.' ' Thank you !' ho said drily. ' When I want extracts I'll rofor to tho book it solf. You cortainly /nine a pretty powor ful imagination.' I looked clown, colouring a littlo at the direct compliiuont. ??????,'?. ''You hadn't tho ploasuro of knowing Hippy,- 1 think ?' ho asked. . s . ? 4 'Hippy?' ' I repeated intorrogativoly. ' I' moan, tho late Mrs. North?' II No,' I replied. 'Ah,'.ho wont on in a dreamy way, 'You missed a great . treat. ' Thon, rousing himself, ho loaned forward in Iub chair, holding tho arms firmly bo as to provont himself from falling, and in a Iioarso whispor addressed mo : 'If thero ovor was a shrew and a tormagnat born into this world, it was my wifo.' Tho intonsity with which tho words wore spoken boro ovidonco to thoir truth. If other proofs had boon wanted, it would have boon found in tho oxprosaion of hatred and fear apparont on tho speaker's face. To mo tho shook although painful, was -not altogothor unexpected. Already one illusion had boon swept away, and now I could boar with a certain dogreo of calm nosa the losa of tho aecond. ' My dear sir,' I Baid, ' I bog that you will not oxcito yourself. I think I begin to understand tho object of your coming1 to-night. Lot mo nssuro you that any statomont you may desiro to mako will bo not only impartially judged by me but troatod as wholly private.' ' Privato 1' ho interrupted with nn angry wavo of tho hand. 'Egad, air, tho groatcr tho publicity the bottor I'll bo ploased. You don't sunposo I camo here moroly to cct mysolf right with you V _ I thought it prudent to pasB ovor in Bilonco tho slur impliod by his words. 'If I havo injured you in any way,' I Baid with chilling courtesy, 'I am pro pared to do what,ovoE lios in my powor to plnco tho matter upon, its right basis,' My asBuranco appeared to givo Mr. North ; profound satisfaction; IIo sab back in hin placo onco moro, and aftor a littlo preliminary. cough began to speak. ' That's all I ask for,' ho said, 'and whon I'vo told you tho roal faots of tho caso I shall qxpeofc you to mnlce them as widely known us tho imaginary dolaila contained in that volume.' 'It's very disappointing to you, I ad mit,' lie went 011, settling down* to hits story, 'bill; truth coiupols mo fcosuy that I never was anything but a very ordinary happy-go-lucky sort of a mortal. I don't quito understand what is meant by ' pro jooting oneself into tho future,' but in my caso tho nearest approach to tho pioccs'i, I tako it, was whon my father threatened to kick mo into tho middlo of' noxt week on account of somo youthful oaoapado. As to tho othor complimtary things ypu havo beon good enough to say of me, I'm sorry to confess they're quito boyond my comprehension. ' I was a littlo bit of a harum-scarum ^ fellow; but. I novor wanted for fiionds. And thoao were the days, lot mo toll you, * . sir, when a man did'nt shrink from his oocond, or oven his third, bottlo of wino ; and when tho nights wore all tooshoitfor tho fun and frolic wo sought to crowd into thorn. Perhaps wo weren't so' libcially giftod with imagiuatinn as tho present generation ; but, by gad, sir 1 wo wero , ready enough to back up pur opinions with solid facts if required. 'I was barely thirty when my fathor died, leaving mo a siiuggish bit of pro perty. It didn't roprcsont a fortune of courso, but tho incomo yioldcd by it was suflioiont for all wants and a few luxurids ovor and above. Alas 1 my scorning good f ortuno was to provo the causo of my ruin, for from tho day on which Hypatia loarnod the hows of my altered circumstances she made up hor mind that I should bo hor ; huabaiid. At thia point his voice sank to a deop and impressive tone : — ' For ten years sho gavo me no pcaca( following mo from place to place with this, .tenacity of a bloodhound. From the ba ginning I know that thore was no hopp for mo, but I died hard. I rackod my brain for oxcuses. I throw obstaclo aftor obstacle in hor way, yot all to no purposo. It was only a quoation of timo, and she know it. Tho momont at last camo whon , 1 could struggle no longer, but found my self forced to yield up my freedom at the altar of our villago church. 111011 bogan for mo alifo of unuttor ablo misery. The lato Mrs. North wa3 a woman of noblo proportions, whilo, ai you have possibly observed, I am not my self a Horcules. When, thoroforo, as was hor wont, sho placed her back against tho door protesting that I should no longer visit my old haunts and cronies, I could not bufc recognise how vain wis tho power of prayer to movo her fiom tho position ' I bocamo depressed and moody. All my formor buoyancy dtsoited mo, and ? prcsonco out of puro Bit imc ?'Two years passed and my wifo foil ?ill. What tho disoaso u is can bo of no interest to you, but by tho -\ lllago doctor ?. it was pronounced to ,bo deadly It was my sad duty,' continued thespoakoi with s a curiously comic glanco at mvaelf, i' toJ - communicate to hor tjio tornblo intelli gence. 'The habit of obedience had by this , timo becomo so' engrained m my nature that I did not even da^i 0 to tako advantago - of hor helplessness, but lomamcd con stantly at hor sido. Upon tins, indefcd, sho insisted ;' and as hor malady did not confino her to 'bod! I acquiesced in hor .wishes with my usual alacnty. 'As the pnd drew noar she becamo imbued with a most unjust suspicion that hor doath. would not bo unwelcome to mo. s I canhottellyo.il, Bir,' said tho little man with ?'a: break- in. his. voico and making believe to wipe away a toai , ' how dooply *, this doliiBibn pained mo ' And now, sir, what do j ou think tho inhuman monster did ? You aio aw aro that I had purchased tho (usonic to giva to tho horses. Inipiosscd by tho idea I havo mentioned, and dotormincd that' I should nob bo left to rcjoico in my now found liberty, sho resolved upon poisoning herself, woll knowing how f ital to myself tho consequences must pio\ o And, being a woman largely gifttd ?\\\ith tho couiago of hor convictions, sho actually did it.' Exhausted by the n tuition of his wrongs, Mr. North paused hcio F01 my own part I hardly knew what to think of bo extraordinary a stoiy In a moment or two, howovor, ho resumed — 41 That, sir, is tho tiuth Now aro you convinced of tho wrong you havo done to i mo ?' ; 'Yes,' I admitted ; 'your version ,i cortaiuly throws a now light upon tho nV cidonts.' 'i ' Bo assured it is tho conocb ono, and , accordingly, sir, I claim tho fulfilment of ~l your promise, and ask that you will clo.tr -* my character from' the tissuo of falsohood ^ V — don't bo offended, bii, foi it is a tissuo '? of falsohood — with whioh journnagmation, t , haa interwoven it.' .;. 1 s ' ' 'You moan,',Iaris'w«iod3omowliatro- ?' luctantly,'' ' that I shall phico boforo tho ?'{ publio the particulars you havo just com- - municatdd?'., ,,,???'?;?:: J\ ,, „ .' ' 4! -Exactly; 'V. r; /'?''!?' ' '' v ...I sighed aslthbught of my Io3b ideal ; ' u but I 'had pledged my word. 4-As'you K will,' I roplied. ''Iipromiso.' , - 'Gobdl' ho.rojbincd Then suddenly changing tho subjoot, ' By tho way, ]iavo - you ovor npticbd tho peculiar confoima- ' c tion of that bust ovor youi head J' -y 'No,' I anawored, looking in tho' *1 diroction indicated ; 'I don't know that,, j I hnvo. Perhaps,' I. suggested, turning ' again towards liim, 'it is tho cflocb of — — '-!: ???:'??? . ,.,-;,;, I stopped. ,? Tho chair before mo was v' empty. -. '.,-. ;.- V'.'; ,\ \ V15 ? 