THE GRAND NATIONAL STEEPLECHASE MEETING. BY ELECTRIC TELEGRAPH.] [FROM OUR OWN CORRESPONDENT MELBOURNE, July 18. HE Grand National Steeplechase Meeting was held on Saturday, the attendance being in excess of any previous Grand National day. The racing was good, and free from accident. The following are the details of the different MAIDEN HURDLE RACE-. W. BaiWa h.c. Sir Launcelot Oat. Tin. ("entry) 1 A. V. Bradshaw's slim. Mackay, late Silver King, lOnt . (Malone) 2 J. It. (Jripps's br.h. Hobart. 10st. 5lb, (M'Leod) 3 Arganthorne, Aristocrat, Pyrrhus I., Jones, and Earimil also started. Betting : 6 to 4 v. Sir Launcelot, 5 to 2 Mackay. Earimil led most of the way. Sir Launcelot took front position just before entering the straight, followed by Earimil, Hobart, and Mackay. Sir Launcelotvvon by three quarters of a length, Hobart three lengths oiE Mackay. Time, 3min. 55sec. MAIDEN STEEPLECHASE. G. HuckloVs b.g. Wickliffe, 10st 10lb. .. (Race) 18 H. Whitehead's be. Andy, 11st. 10lb. (Allen) 2 W. K. Povvors'a gg. War Dance. 3 Sir Robert, Consternation, and Trooper also ran. Betting : Even on Wickliffe. Sir Robert first showed to the front, but was soon headed by Wickliffe and Consternation. The former led all the way and galloped home an easy winner by three lengths, while Trooper and Sir Robert were a quarter of a mile away. Time, 5min. GRAND NATIONAL HURDLE: RACE. W. Moffat's bg. Ocean, 9st, 3lb. (-garrison) 1 G. O'Brien's br.m. Ruby, lOst. 121. (G. O'rtiion) 2 M. Loughlin's bah, Sheet Anchor, 11st. 10lb. Corrigan) 3 Duration, Tantaliser, Koolyte, Distiller, Hilltop, Grattan, Ditto, and Wild Dog also started. Betting : 5 to 4 v. Sheet Anchor, G to 1 Duration and Ruby, 100 to 15 Hilltop, 7 to 1 Koo- lyte, Tantaliser, and Ocean. Sheet Anchor jumped away with the lead, followed by Ditto, Hilltop, and Koolyte. Wild Dog took the lead around the back of the course, with Ocean second, Ruby third, and Sheet Anchor fourth. The places changed but slightly until the stand was passed, when Sheet Anchor shortly after struck the hurdle heavily and lost ground, and on the back course Ocean drew out from Wild Dog, who was closely followed by Ruby and Grattan. Sheet Anchor made up for lost ground fast, but struck the last hurdle and left Ocean and Ruby to finish the contest, the former proving a sound winner by a length and a-half, with Sheet Anchor three lengths off. Time, 5min. 35sec. GRAND NATIONAL STEEPLECHASE. M. Loughlin's big. Game, Has. 10lb. (Corrigan) 1 P. Martin's by Native. 10st. 8lb. (-ferguson) 2 Hon. W. Pearson's b m. Lady Ashton, 12st. 8lb. . (If. Culloch) 3 Studley, Bob Cooper, Relicent, Roulette, Kanaka, Spangle, Brown Eagle, Charcoal, and Nuisance also started. Betting : 3 to 1 v. Game, 11 to 2 Studley, G to 1 Reticent, 13 to 2 Lady Ashton, 10 to 1 Native and Spangle, 12 to 1 Roulette, 15 to 1 Brown Eagle and Charcoal. Native jumped away with the lead, Bob Cooper, Brown Eagle, and Kanaka being next, and Lady Ashton last. Charcoal led over the first jump, and led round to the back of the course, with Game, Brown Eagle, and Kanaka in close attendance. Native led along the back of the course, with Charcoal and Lady Ashton lying next. Game passed Lady Ashton at the Abattoirs, At the first fence in the straight, Charcoal struck and rolled over his rider, and Bob Cooper fell at the south-west corner. At this point Native led, with Lady Ashton, Game, Reticent, Roulette, Kanaka, Brown Eagle, Studley, Spangle, and Nuisance, in the order named, and there was no apparent alteration along the back of the course. At the last jump Lady Ashton rushed through to the front, but as soon as Game challenged the mare was beaten, and nothing could reach Game, who won comfortably by six lengths, Native being a length in front of Lady Ashton, Reticent fourth, Kanaka fifth, Studley sixth, Brown Eagle seventh, Roulette and Nuisance next, and Spangle last. Time, 2min. 43sec. SELLING HURDLE HACK. W. Little's big. problem. 10st. 3lb. J. (King-) J T. Coffey's ch g. Joey E. Week's chg. Fusilier 3 Wild Dog and Louis also started. Betting : 5 to 4 v. Fusilier, 2 to 1 Problem. Problem won easily by five lengths. Joey was second, and Fusilier, five lengths off, third. Time, 3min. 6sec. The winner was bought by P. F. Gordon for 155 guineas. FLAT RACE. C. Wilson's b m. Gardenia. Tst. 111. (O'Brien) 1 H. Jennings's br.h. Duke of Athol, 7st. 2lb. Brown) 2 W. E. Dakin's chain. Quinton Matsye, 8st. 2lb. flower) 3 Plausible, Meteor, The Ghost, Middlemarch, Medea, Bohemian, Kitawa, Straightshot, Sunny Days, Lesbia, Stafford, Kohai, King's Son, Oakleigh, First Consul, and Menotti also ran. Betting : 5 to 4 v. Ghost, 6 to 1, at first 10 to 1, Middlemarch, G to 1 Lesbia, 100 to 15 Straightshot 7 to 1 Stafford, 100 to 14 Quintin Matsys, S to 1 Oakleigh, 10 to 1, at first 5 to 1, Bohemian, 10 to 1 Gardenia and Duke of Athol. Gardenia had rather the best of the start and kept the lead for a time. On the back stretch Duke of Athol was in front, galloping strongly, and seemed to be a certain winner, but half-way down the straight Gardcniarushcd forward and beat Duke of Athol in the last few strides by a head, Time, 2min, 42sec. 