Programme for a Penny Beading at Home. (To lajt one hour.) Some of our little folk* may find the folldw iig suggestion for a night's entertainment at h'-me* during the winter months, of some use. The programm > laid down need not be rigidly adhered to, as it may not be convenient to obtain the music or recitations mentioned, but a general idea is given of how a very pleasant night's amusement may be obtained with a little forethought, and the assistance of some juvenile friends:— (1.) Music (by elder members of family): Glee* " Softly falls the shades of evening." 5 minute*. (2.) Reading:" Caring a cold," by Mark Twain (from Lewis's Fenny Readings); to be read by the eldest youth. 10 minute*. (3.) Recitation; " A Psalm of Life," by Longfellow, to be recited by a little girl or boy. The poem may bo found in any school reading book. 5 minute*. (4.) Music (by a lady): Solo," Home, sweet home." 10 minute*. (5.) Reading: "The Death of N'elson," bj B. Southey, from Lewis's Penny Readings, read by father or eldest son. 10 minute*. (6.) Recitation (Isdy) j " The Inchcape Bock." by B. Southey, from Lewis's Penny Readings. minute*. (7.) Reading: "High Art Music," by Max Adeler (gentleman), from Lewis's Penny Readings. 5 (8.) Recitation (boy or girl): Selection (50 lines) from " Deserted Village," by Goldsmith, in most reading bookes. 5 minute*. (9.) Music: Solo (lady) and Chorus (all), "TThen tbero's love at home." 5 minute*. Conclusion .* " Gcd.Save the Qneen." The musical portion should bo allotted to the elder members of the family. The reci tations must be prepared by the boy or girl a week previously. They, with the readings are all contained in the "Penny Deader." A rehearsal of the boys' ond girls' portion of the programme will bo necessary, and make the evening more pleasant. If any failure of memory causes children to break down, the elder members must not dishearten them by undue criticism, but a little encouragement will epur them on to renewed exertion. change. A Real Ghost this Tme.—A Scotch paper, speakiug of a wedding, says: "The bride groom was a w;nhy ^eptuag^narinn, and the bride a buxrm widow fully 30 years his junior. Tho bridegroom had been deprived only seven month* ago of the partner for nearly half a century ot his joys and sorrows, who had left hiux with a considerable number of 'dry notes.' Tho neighbours toox uuumihI interest iu the wedding, an.l two constables attended to preserve order. The clergyman hnviug been admitted, tho outer door of tho l uildmg was locked to prevent intrusion. The only wedding guests u^ber than the rev. gentleman were three or four females. During the pro ceedings there appeared all of a Midden 'a lady in while' gliding into the room. She I offered to shake hsr;ds with&une; of tho women, j who screamed fiercely, and then she said, I 4 I'm M G — , corno for my siller. Willie I 5 (meaning her gravo diug»r) haslecme oot for a short time, uu' if I dinna get it tho noo I'll be back. Gutd nicht!' "On which tho ghost quietly withdrew.' ' Thisgs O-ne Wouip Ratuee Have Lkft'CTk* sa2P.—-(Aunt to niece): 4i I'm afraid we ihan't keep this compartment to ourselves any longer, Janet." (Affectionate niece): "Oh, it's all right, aunt darling. It you put yeur head oat of the window I dare say nofody will come in." Fa1T1£L3S«EK3S OP THE BiJtCIKO MiN*.—Hofl less: " Tou're not danaiug, Hiss Pinmpimrton. Shall I get you a part aor ? " Miss Plumping ton (who turns tho scale at about 200 lbs.): •'Oh, I always get plenty of partners; -but I'm rather siear-Nghtrcl, you know, and t :>u | ti\y I can never manr.jo tc fiud thw>i. 