BERLIN'S SPECTRAL LADY.. Berlin celebrates a curiouB anniversary this year. It is just 400 years ago since tho White Lady of the Huhenzollcrns first made her appear ance on any stage. This event took plaoo at the old castle in Beyrouth before tho death of tho Branderbprg Elector, Albrecht Aeliilles. Of late years nothing positive has been heard of the mysterious spoctral visitor, though bIio was re puted to have been seen in Berlin before the death of tho young Prince Waldcuiar, and two years ago a paragraph appeared in one of the Berlin papers to the elleet that slio had been seen in some of the apartments of the old castle. ! There was cons'derable excitemont among the court officials at tlio time, aud searching in quiries were made in order to learn who had given the information to the public, not because the officials attached any importance to tlie ap pearance of the White Lady, but because tliey feared it might possibly have an injurious effect upon the 'health of the Emperor, who is not proof against such things. For the White Lady is a natural appendage, so to speak, to the divinity of the Hohenzollerus. No geat roigu- ing family can be considered as complete without its family ghost or protectress. .Tho original White Lady is generally assumed by writers to have been a widowed Countess Kunigunda, of Orlanuinde, who lived in her castle at Plassenburg, near Bayreutli. This lady is said to have fallen in love with a young and. handsome knight, tlio Burgravo Albert, of Nuremberg; 'arid (her affection', 1 so it is said, was not unappreciated by the gallant cavalier. But when the- countess expressed the wish for . mar riage, Albert- replied that ho could not enter tho lioly bounds of matrimony " so long as four eyes were in existence." Having two children by her former husband, the couu'ess veiy naturally imagined that these were the obstacles to her union" with the knight, and so she killed them by running one of her golden hair-pins through their skulls into thuir brain. When Albert learned what the countess hail done he refused to marry her. The inhuman mother eventually died, but her ci rpso could never rest, and, though slie was duly buried, she used to appear frequently afterwards, forboding misfortune and death. . A German historian, Julius von Minutoli notes the fact that " the rumour of the spectral personage's first appearance was current in 1480 j at tbe .old castle at Bayreutli." During a long course of years she appeared in various Hoheti- I z illorn castles — at Bayreutli, at Anspach, and later 'at Berlin. She made a great stir about the commencement of the present century on tlio occasion; of the French occupation of Bayreutb, taking delight in annoying the foes of the Hohotizollei'ris. From 1S06 to 1809, while the French occupied and were 'continually passing through tlie city, she was frequently seen by officers quartered in the castle, In 1809 she is reported to have appeared to the divisional com mander. General d'Espagne, the first night of his residence at the castle. She treated him very rudely, pusheef his bed into the middle of the roum, and then overturned it ; and when the . gerieral's. adjutant hastened to the room on hearing cries for help, he found his superior underneath the bed suffering from deadly fright. When on the following morning the general; saw the pictures in tlie castle he pointed to the: picture of the White Lady — painted in a black dress, witli white ruff and hood; — and exclaimed, "She it was "who appeared tome?" Ho left the .castle the same day. He fell a few weeks 'afterwards in'thc.battle of Asperu, the 21st May, 1809. The spectral lady is also said to have ap: peared to Napoleoii I. while at Bayreuth. The first time was the 14th of May, 1812, while he was on his way to Russia. He lived in the so- called'New Castle. It appears that the story of the appearance of tho Mysterious lady hud spread through the French army, for a courtier had . been sent on from Asclialleuburg in ad vance, -with the command that tho Emperor should not be' lodged in the apartment where in the White Lady was wont to appear. Wheu Napoleon arrived at Bayreuth he sent for Count Munster, and asked if these orders had been carried, out. 'Whether Napoleon saw the White Lady or not cannot be said. The historians say, however, that the following morning, just . before bis departure, he wiib very pale and rest less. He often uttered the words, "Cemaudit chateau," and said to some of his suit that he would ; never ' stay in that castle again. In August, 1813; Napoleon was once more in Bay reuth, but though rooms had been prepared for him in the castle he would not stay there, bub drove to Plauen fur the night. Tlie mysterious presence, having obtained a great reputation in -Franconia, then emigrated to Berlin. Her first reported appearance in the Prussian capital is given ns the 1st of January, 1598, a !t\'eek, before , the death 'of iEloctur Johaun Sigismuud. Then, thu 1st of Deecm- ber, 1019, she is said to hare shown herself twenty-three days before the death of another Elector. Again sho . appeared iu,IG07, shortly before ' the de ith of Princess Louise Henrietta, and ' in 1088 before tho death of the Groat Elector, But it would take up .much space to record all the appearances of tlie spectral lady. The most curious .account of her appearance is . qf. that , recorded as having taken place in 1799, .when . slie was seen by a musketeer. He thus \- told -his experiences ; — He first heard a noiae, bo says, such as: jB caused by the ru.-tling of the wind. among tlie fallen leaves. Then, out from -the wall, camo ;a great, white, female figure, with a long face, a friendly countenance, and jet black t lmir. - i Around -her neck bIio wore large liearl8 aud ornaments of gold and precious stones.' In her ;hnnd she held an ivory staff, arid. 'upon her breast w'a3 sot-n" a large heart, painted blood-red, on which were written stttuige characters that shone like fire. One of the. last reported appearances of tlie White Lady .in Europe was in 1873, pot in Berlin, but in ...'Vienna. But, this, too, was not !tho real presence, -for tho report went at the time that the sentinel to whom slie suddenly appeared tried the eifect of his bayonet upon her, and there was a gentle , rumour whispered about Vienna at the time that " somebody" hail been wounded— in' fact, a la'dy; belonging to the Im- . periiil Court. : ! 