AT THE. LOCKE... ICHARDSN RECITAL.. Those who attended :at the Praooan Town Hall at 7.80 o'clock on: Monday night in brder't0 ecure a conifortable?Seat bad good reason' to bless the .vice-regal party for arriving so late and thus prevent-: log the recital from starting. at the ap pointed hour. It was twelve minutes past eight when Sir Henry and Lady Loch and the bevy of visitors from'i Governirent HoueBe'pit in'ariappeaance. .The.~iweither was-,very oppressive, wlichb made the tediousedelay more ; annoyiiig,'i Hdwwever, when the long.looked for visitors airrved,' the annoyanice~wes' soon forgottii, ad."the crowded and very, fasehinable audiBence rose i' a body to do honour to our Qopula. colonialKing..and Queen., :This rldig in; a body: tho'! comprises .a considefable amount' of:what Scrooge the 'hero of. the recital would call "humbug." "'We'caiadb nor duty with pleasure' and rise when Ithai beautiful'and ever new anthem, ", God. ave the Queen," is struck up. But why there should be so much palaver when a'Gove:rnor appears we fail to ste.' Besides,' the anthem was not played, and the welcoming of the vice-regal party seemed to'partake of the nature ?of a sole'mn farce." ir Hiury and his -amiable lady have. the love and respect of. colonists everywhere, but yove and respect should be kept within bouhds. The audience comprised'the elied of'the district, plenty of.youth being represented, but beauty was rather at a discount.. Low necked dresses, however,.as usual,; had, to fill up any deficiency in this respect. When will the haut ton awake to a sense of modesty and': decency F' "'Melting ''no. ments " was the eiperieiiceof the eveni?'. The thermometer registered about 120 degrees, the air-breathed. and breathed over again by the 700 present-being; figuratively speaking; as thick 'as a chal. seam. Prabran is the happy possessor of one of the worst ventilated halls in Victdria. The injury done to human health' on Monday night calls for the attention of the Australian Health Society, if not the Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals, i.e., if we are to heed the advice tendered us by mnedical men from times to time.' Every door, window, and even liey hole seemed to be hermetically sealed; whether .it was to aid the voice of the elocutionist or to' exclude certain discord ant sounds emanating from the Council meeting, which was being held in a neighbouring 'room, , we are un prepared to, say. Certainly the reverend utterances of Cr. John 'Turner, whilst unfolding himself on the question Iof Sabbath observance, or the scathing remarks of Cr. Taylor, while vilifying the Prah:'an Telegrapk for certain sins of commission or omission, would have sounded, very much out of place if those remarks were permit ted to reach the public hall and be heard during one of the most pathetic portions of Locke Richardson's recital. The talented reciter at 8.15 o'clock walks quietly and: unpretentiously to the footlights and begins by. announcing' the dates of forthcoming entertainments. This advertisement over, he plunges-into his subject, captivating the attention of the most indifferent admirer of 'Charles Dickens at once. It is not long before the hearer is completely led'away and becomes the companion of the various characters Mr Richardson introduces in his " Christ mas Carol." The voice changes so instan. taneously and effectively that were.one to listen with closed eyes he'. could: fancy himself in the presence of and hearing the voices of each character--the ']rishnian, the Jew, the quaint North of .England man all being introduced to. the amusement and amazement of the audience. OldJ Scrooge, the hero of the occasion, was exhibited in all his ugliness of features and character. There were no thorough Scrooges present perhaps, but we venture to say there were many who were follow 'ing in his wake, and may become equally as niggardly and mean. The dispicable old merchant, dcrooge, considered Christ. mae all humbug, because he disliked pleasure and disliked to see others enjoying it. This ancient gentleman begrudged his honest, bard- working assistant, who had to support'a wife and large family on 15s per week, even hObristmas Day as a holiday. He bheld his head :level up to the time he met the ghost of his former partner, but through the scenes;,he witnessed, both sad and happy,. whilst under the charge of the ghost he became a changed man, and began to realise that to make oneself happy. one must begin to make others so. Having broken the ice by 'ppeaking kindly to a village lad, a thing he had not been capable of doing for 30 years or more, he at once realised the pleasure, and from patting the heads 'of.little children to opening his purse to assist in charitable objects, old Scrooge soon found himself changed from a miserable and unhappy old, " hated by everybody," to a respected and honored man. Mr Richardson's recital, though humor ous, wap, of course, suited to his hearers, nothing that could possibly offend the most delicate ear being uttered. His -descrip tion of the country dance on Christmas Eve, in which Mary danced with 'at the milkman, and so on, called for reference to the music supplied on that occasion. "Such fiddling," said the reciter--" Oh! it was worse than fifty stomach-aches." This, instead of causing Mr Richardson to be dubbed a " horrid nasty man,' as would have been the case under different circum stances or had the.reciter been another person, brought forth a fair show of applause, and we really noticed. Lady Fitzdoodle look at Lady Pintweasel and return a sweet smile of satisfaction. , It would be impossible to portray the characters in these notes. We are en couraged to hope that many a good lesson will have been laid to heart from the recital of Monday night. Mr Richardson is a living wonder as an elocutionist, and should be heard by everyone. \---i--- ,.,. ===/ 