ECHOES AND RE-ECHO 33. FFUTURE GENERAL FORMER. Bripadier-General Owen (reading L. L. Farrier's great. mihtaiy speech) — Great Cesar's ghost! and has it come to this, Ihat I who know the rales and art of wtr bhonld have a draper taking op th2 them 3 And talking out I will resign. V^t,, no, I won't; it's so ridiculous. What wil: hap next ? rU have my gardener On ir.ines and counter-mines and breaches too, Coming it strong on sipping and the like, And holding forth on every rase of war. It serves me light thit I did come out tore To plaT at soldiers with a handful small Of citizens and tailors from the shop. L. L. Forner (conning his own speech) - I am accounted something of a militiire unfamiliar as the rifle is To my soft hand ; but then I have the time To s:ndy rules and arts of war at borne. When I do speak of soldiers and their use l et no man laugh, for were there horrid war 3 he} VI cry for Punier and demand his aid. My own vocation I did much mistake Wh™ 1 did choose the yardstick, not thesword. Why, Owen gained bis knowledge all abroad. What knoweth he of South Australian war Manoeuvres, which are moss original? I'll have him banished hence and take the reins Of martial rule myself if Parliament Will place me in the post he occupies. 1 play at chess and know its strategies; 'Ms mimic war, and surely that's enough. w by, Cromwell was a mm of peace ere be Usurped the rule of England and made war, Or iather war did make, and inle usurped. Then I, the modern Cromwell. Fomer called, Will leave my name to future history. No matter who he is or what his peacefa" occupation might have been, your average member of Parliament or prospective M.P. passes as an authority on military matters. Give:him a good platform and an andience howeversmall.and straightway he spreads himself on the subject of the merits and demerits of the different branches of the Defence Force, crushing one at a word and patting the other on a firm footinz. Imperial officers have no show here with so much local talent, and it is about time they stood aside and let colonial industry (or eelf- sufiieiency) have a show. It is awfnl to contemplate the fearful flood of eloquence that is bound to flow when the House meets, and no doubt the Doke o Cambridge, Lord Wolseley, the War Ministers of Europe, Asia, Africa, and America will eagerly buy up " Hansard" for the sake of the new ideas they most gather from the fountain-heads of military engineering and tactics. After being at daggers drawn for a certain period and after exchanging volleys over dignity and dictionary terms, the Brigadier- General and the R.V.F. Council—that recalcitrant Council so difficult to drive and so hard to curb—have buried the hatchet. The R.Y.F. made the hole, and the Brigadier General put the hatchet in, and nobody was scalped. Life is too short for squabbles, and it is just as well that the strained relations between those tiro powers are slackened up so to speak, especially as there is a battle pending, to be fought out on the floor of the House, as to which shall Btand possessed of the confidence of South Australia, the red ccatB or the grey tunics. This battle may end like the famous fight of the Kilkenny oats, whose tails were all that remained after the final scrimmage. Some people who are friends of both forces seem to think that it would be better after all to make a clean sweep and reorganize, because it cannot be said of either party that it is f ssh, fowl, or good red h " Rattle his bones over the stones; he's only a pauper whom nobody owns." In this case, however, he was only a labourer, a common 'orny 'anded son of toil—in fact, there were two, and the paternal authorities (save the mark) objected to bury them at their own expense, especially as the men were killed "on service" so to speak. It is a wonder that the men were not docked for lost tame during the time they wasted in getting killed. Those IT en had no right to get killed. It was like their impudence, and is only another example of the self-assertion of the working classes. They are getting too cheeky altogether, bolstered up as they are by the Unions, leaders of the unemployed, and the sympathizing public—in fact, it is getting intolerable. They are not satisfied with worrying the Government when they are alive for work, but when they are dead they bequeath the feud to their mothers, widows, and children. In many parts of the North where the farmers have been starved out through drought, many farmers, labourers, and others have taken up a new enterprise, viz., kangaroo hunting, and many are the schemes devised to get within easy distance of the bounding kangaroo. One poor fellow recently had a narrow escape of losing his life through adopting one of these schemes. He had got the skin of an old man kangaroo carefully dried; with the head, legs, and tail ntact, and had tied it over Ms body as a means of getting among the game without disturbing them. The decoy was so complete that he soon was in the midst of a fine mob, hopping like a real kangaroo and just about to take aim when another hunter came along with three fine dogs. The degs took after the mob, bat the decoy sould not- follow at their pace, and being left behind the dogs went straight for him, pulled him down, and had bitten him rather severely before he could get the skin off or assistance cculd arrive. Had it not been that the owner of the dogs came up to assist them in despatching a kangaroo (as he thought) he would probably have been torn to pieces. Moral—Never appear ia borrowed plnmeB. The natives in the interior are looking very thin just now. There is very little Sesh on the game, nardoo is scarce, they can't find sny grubs, and the squatters are having such hard times they cannot afford to feed the niggers. A remarkably lean native made his appearance in a Northern town lately, and putting his hand slightly below ths region of his heart asserted that he was belly hungry, big one no gammon. Somebody gave him a feed, and asked him why he did not kill wallabies for food. "No good wallaby," replied the native ; " Gnbment kill 'em all the f&t; one, and only skinny ones left," evidently being under the impression that the reason the game was so poor was that the scalping parties had been only killing the plump fat ones, and had left the lean oneB for the natives. Hugh Kalpytns says:—" The battle of the drains is bringing the quiet Corporation of St. Peters into some prominence, but what may be fun to them is death to the Commissioner's peace of mind. Without meaning any disrespect he may be likened to the donkey between two bundles of hay, and the best thing he can do is to toss up—heads for drainage, tails for surface stinks. In olden times su.h a subject of difference would have brought about a civil war, and we should have had one party shedding their life blood and wasting their substance for the sake of surface stinks, while the other war faction were crying, * Death or deep drainage!' The Montagues and the Capulets founded a four-generation feud upon the murder of a white hen, and the Smiths and Jones's of St. Peters with all their several following might get up a real good vendetta over gutters and drains. Wt have all heard of the ' Wars of the Rcses,' but kthis would be the ' War of the Noses,' and could be made just as bitter.- One benefit, however, has arisen -out of the dispute, for the Hen. J. B. Spence has been safely delivered of one idea—of his own, too. fie cackled over it like a self-satisfield hen over a solitary chick hatched out of a sitting of addled eggs. He had better take the greatest care .of that 'own idea,' because he may never have another; nature exhausted herself in the effort to produce it, and this lantling of his may never be reared; it is sure to die of atrophy if he does not take the utmost care of it." THE CATIFFBSIAN MAIL—The following l^ssengcrBwere booked from here in the Union steamship Company's steamer Mararoa, «»ich left Sydney for San Francisco on Thursday :-Rev. T. J. Gore, Mrs. Gore, two 4 t £e l ijr , ^ Masters Gore, and Mr. Jtobett Woolnough. PI./LSHIRAMGBA*TTB LSLAKD WITH TREES.— Tbe DiBfeact Council of Port Victor have ar plied to the Commissioner of Crown Lands to be allowed to plant Granite Island with trees for the pniTJOse of ornamentation. The request has been complied with, and the Conservator of ForebtB will leave next week to instruct what trees P° plant, and how they *re to be planted. 