STONING A MAD WOMAN IN ITALY. The following dreadful story was re ported in the Pungoio of October 12. San Giovanni a Teduccio is the first small town from Naples which forma a continual line of street, together with Portici, Resina, and th'e rest, and is not more than half an hour distant from Nanles. On the 9th inst. a poor mad woman, falsely believed to have hydro phobia, was followed in the streets of the town by a mob intent on killing her. One man repeatedly took up a big etone with both hands, and threw it at her. The un happy creature fell under the blows, rising only to fall again. The crowd was inspired by the brutal fury so easily propagated in a mob when it believes itself justified in exe cuting summary justice on some miserable creature. There was actual rivalry as to who should give the murderous final blow. Women threw stones, chairs, whatever came first to hand. Strong young men struck at the poor maniac with thick sticks. Weak and dizzy with pain, the unfortunate creature crawled along, her hair dishevelled, her face covered with blood and dirt. In this state she reached the house of the head policemen, who stood regarding the scene with crossed arms from the causeway, sur rounded by his' subordinates. It was a new kind of spectacle. On one side this group of moustachioed carabineers, and municipal police, some of them very young and show ing evident signs of fear ; on the other, the poor crawling woman, abandoned to the mob, who now proceeded to bind her. A slip-knot was made in a rope and passed round her neck, and she was thus dragged along the ground into a court- yard, her head striking the pavement repeatedly. Then her feet were tied with another rope, and her hands with a thin string. But the owner of the court- yard drove her out again, upon which the mob fastened her by the rope round her neck to a ring on the closed door, and by the rope round her feet to a post opposite. Now she was safe, and the mob began to mock her, having no longer any fear. At every movement of her body the slip-knot tightened 1 Some one, rather more humane than his fellows, relieved her of this rope, on which ehe fell to the ground, striking her head against the edge off the causeway. There was no one among that brutal crowd who thought of placing a pillow or a bundle of straw to support her wounded head! The head delegate stood with crossed arms regarding the scene, with his subordinates around him. Finally it entered his head to send the mad woman to the asylum, and after an hoar's delay there arrived one of the wodden boxes used to transport corpses. It was of course destitute of what was necessary to transport a living, and above all a wounded, person. Into this box or coffin the unhappy lunatic was dragged by the hair, the cover was placed over her, and ehe was carried off ; while for some time were heard dull thuds, as her limbs struggling in delirium struck the sides of the wooden box. The man who had been foremost in stoning her was arrested by the conductor of a tramcar that happened to pass, and given up to the police, but he has been released because he is said to be affected with epilepsy. The unhappy woman had become insane because her husband, a mason, fell from a scaffolding and was killed on the spot. M My gracious, Bee that terrified man ?' ' Which one ?' ' The fellow that's just turning the corner. He's as pale as a ghost.' ' Yes.' ' Wonder what's the matter with him ?' *? He's an Anarchist.' ' What makes him run so ?' ' A boy has threatened to whip him.'— Detroit Free Press. ' So you won't take dot coat for $7 ?' ' No, I guess not.' ' Vhell, we shall call it six, though I loae by it.' ' No, I guess not.' ' Say five und a half ?' ' No ; I'll look around a little.' ' Vhat peesness vhas you in, my friend ?' ' I sell grindstones.' 'Oh, you do?' 'Why?' 'Oh, nothing, except dot vhen I like a grindstone I look around a leedle, too !' A Modern Idea of Marriage. — This is what a young lady is reported to have said a propo8 of marriage:— 'Well, no, I don't know whether I would marry for money alone ; but, if a man had plenty of money, allied to a sweet disposition, and a moustache that curled at both ends, and nice blue eyes, and a social position; if he had distinguished Btatue in a profession, or even as a merchant, and his father was rich, and his father and his mother were aristocratic, and he wanted to marry me, and he would promise to let me have my own way in everything, and keep me liberally supplied with money, and have a splendidly-furnished town-house, and have a handsome country residence, was liberal about diamonds, also about the millinery, never grumbling, and £ really and truly loved him, I shouldn't consider mar riage a drawback.'' The minister's wife sat on the front porch mending the clothes of one of her numerous progeny. A neighbor passing that way stepped in for a friendly chat. A large work-basket half-full of buttons sat on the floor of the porch. After various remarks of a gossipy nature the visitor said, ' My gracious! if there ain't two of the eame buttons that my husband had on his last winter suitl I'd know 'em anywhere.' *' Indeed ?' said the minister's wife, calmly, ' I'm surprised to hear it, as all of these buttons were found in the contribution box. I thought I might as well put them to some use, so I — what, must you go ? Weil, be eure and call again soon,' 