Jffr. -Madder'-a Bxhibitioa. - THE great Mr. Madder, B.A., was slowly awakening to the factthat he had begun to pay the penalty which, sooner or later, attaches itself to the incessant painting of pot-boilers. In other words, the great man's popularity was declining-and far worse than that, the annual income which he derived from his pictures was gradually, but surely diminishing. Not that Mr. Madder was poor- on the contrary, he had a great deal more money than he knew; what to do with'j but he was somewl⁢ oF*«5tn iser, and it cat him to the heart to be compelled to accept lower prices for his productions than he had hitherto been accustomed to pocket. The ' trustworthy butler, Bung, en deavored to console his master by allud ing to the general depression of trade, and to the fall in value of all articles of luxury-pictures included j but since that little aflkir with Mr. Timothy Spinks, Madder had somewhat mis trusted Mr. Bung, though he was, of course, much too discreet to give his feithfiil retainer warning. Moreover, it was rediculous to contend that one of ? Madder's cows or babies was otherwise than iudispensible in every well-ordered household, ~so Mr. Bung proved some what of a dob's comforter to his dis consolate master, who mourned con tinually over, the decadence of artistic taste in England, and snarled at Bung until that worthy VlUe became almost a Inirden fe him. * At length, however, a light broke in upon Mr. Madder's mental gloom, the welcome friend Who .kindled it being that iuitute and impartial critic, Mr. Snubley, of the Evening Extinguisher. It was one evening when Mr. Snubley ?had been dining at the R. A.'s hospit able and well-furnished board, that he delivered himself of the following fate ful remark: ' Why don't you have an exhibition of your pictures, Madder 1 The 'ole lot, I mean'-Mr. Snubley was occasionally uncertain with his 'h's'-'everything you've {tainted in your life, you know ; it would be sure to draw.' ' 'Pon my soul, Snubleyresponded Madder, * you will hardly believe me when I tell you that, up to this moment, I never thought of such a thing.' ' You don't say bo ! Well, you think it over, for you may depend that every one in London would go to see the show' Fancy, too, how people will rave about the early pictures; think of the notices you will get, and of the 'Rubbish you will be able to sell,* was Mr. Snuhley's concluding thought; but lie drowned it in a bi-andy-and soda. The more Mr. Madder thought over this idea, the better he liked it, and in less than a week he had made up his mind that a representative collection of his masterpieces should in due time be exhibited, provided that a sufficient number of paintings could be gathered together, and a gallery could be found important enough to do justice to their artistic perfection. Now, of course the man was not going to take the trouble himself to hunt up the whereabouts of eveiything he had painted for the last forty years, so it became necessary to engage an astute and trustworthy agent or dealer who would find out the fortu nate possessors of Madder's" works, induce them to part temporarily with their treasuresj jmanage the financial part of the' transaction, and last, not leastj Hand over the lion's share of ' the proceeds to Madder him self. After some little trouble, a gentleman was discovered who seemed ; to- be precisely the individual wanted ; his name was Solomon Myers-he was ; the lessee of a large and handsome gallety in Piccadilly, admirably suited for the purpose, and he agreed to Mr. Madder's somewhat stringent conditions with the most gratifying alacrity. So the project was duly set on foot, notices were inserted in all the newspapers to the efiect that Mr. Madder, JELA, in deference to the wishes of his friends and of the public, had consented to authorise an exhibition of his pictures in the galleries of Mr. Solomon Myers, and the dealer, aided by his distin guished patron, began to make in quiries, by means of endless letters and advertisements about the scattered masterpieces of the great R A. Mr. Madder's share in this business was merely to indicate to Mr. Myers where he thought the pictures could be found ; it was, of course, the province of the latter gentleman to perform the actual hard work of hunting them up, and his efforts day by day and week by week were crowned with the most surprising success. But after the works were unearthed, Mr. Madder had, of course, to examine them, and decide whether they were really the productions of his genius, or base imitations, and this part of bis task he found veiy laborious and troublesome indeed. In fact, until Mr. Myers bad progressed a long way with his investigations, Madder had no idea that he had painted such a1 number of pictures. It was true, of course, that he had turned out a good many works annually for the last forty-five years, but as the worthy dealer's list grew and multiplied, Madder's surprise became something like amazement. "'Bear me,; .Mr. Myers,' he would mildly say, 'did I" really painfr^fifteen pictures in 1841, and twenty-three in 1846? ^ ' I assure that is the case, sir.' ' But how on earth Tiave you been aide to trace tbem all ¥ < Well, Bir,' Mr. Myers would re spendjowith a Belf-satisfiedsmile, and a compi^benavewavefiT his' fathand,1 it has taken me a great deal of trouble, of course; but;..I flatter myself that I ran h^^at a any man fo'Xnndon, and I hop^jfi -yon are not^dissatiEfled with the tSBlt 1" ^^Jeitdrdy iaot, Mr. Myers, certainly ^ you have dispUyed the most For JVIrySIadder, though some of Hs earlier works were not precisely after his own heart, pat down their eccentricities i to the untutored, fervour of immature genius, and ;<vn>tdd not, for worlds, have admitted* that'iie considered them un worthy 6f S«"tei$re finished style. But now and theiywhen he was confronted with an unusually startling result of Mr. Myers's researches, it must be admitted that flickering doubts crossed j the old gentleman's mind as to the authenticity of the masterpiece in ques tion. 'Did I really paint that ?he inquired one day of the enterprising dealer, as they were contemplating a truly remarkable version of the death of Absalom-Madder had been severely afflicted with a tendency for painting Scriptural subjects in his youth. 1 Jt is signed and dated,' replied Mr. Myers. ' M. A. M., 1842. I have traced it from its original owner down to the present time. In fact, there can be no doubt at all about its being genuine.' , ' Ah ? well its a long time ago, uiused Mr. Madder ;* and, now that 1 come to examine it, there is certainly much merit in the painting. Crude, oi course, but vigorous ; and I think I may say promising.' Mr. Madder consulted his good friend Snubley about* Absalom,' and Snubley waxed quite enthusiastic in its praises. 'Look at Absalom's left leg?'he said ; ' a reminiscence of Titian. And his hair! suggestive of the minute finish of Mabuse.' * But the perspective of the forest is rather-eh, don't you think eh ?' queried Madder, * and Joab's attitude \--just a little strained ?' ' Of course, one does not expect a boy of nineteen to work as well as a man of sixty,' said Snubley,' but it's worthy of you, Madder, I assure you. How ever"-and Mr. Snubley drew his friend somewhat apart out of Mr. j Myers' hearing-" if you don't quite I like the style of some of these early i works, touch 'em a bit-touch 'em 1 say? A few strokes from yonr master band here and there would make all the difference. Of course, I don't mean to say that you could improve them, Madder ; but you might bring theui more into accordance with modern ideas-modern idjeas, you known !' ' Touch them up! I don't quite understand. Would it be quite legiti mate, do you think %' ' Legitimate ¥ cried Snubley, * to in crease the value of a man's property 1 rather ! Now, there's that * Pharaoh in the Red Sea;' it's just a trifle wooden! And ' Zaccheus he doesn't look quite comfortable up the tree, you know. Few people do. Ha ! ha!' And Snubley laughed consumedly at his own wit. 4 Upon my soul, 1 think you are right, Snubley.' And when Mr. Madder asked Mr. Myers' advice upon the question, that worthy, too, had no doubt whatever as to the propriety or advisability of the course proposed ; and after a few days' hesitation, Madder set to work to im prove and renovate his early creations. But this work of renovation proved to be a good deal more arduous than the old gentleman had anticipated. In the first place, the number of genuine Madders which Mr. Myers succeeded in unearthing was quite phenomenal; the catalogue grew and multiplied, and still the indefatigable dealer kept announcing almost daily the discovery of a long- forgotten work. In the second, the diversity of style and sub ject about these pictures was terribly puzzling to an artist who had painted nothing but cows and babies for some years, and who was naturally embar rassed when he was compelled to kindle in Pharaoh's features a proper expres sion of malignant despair, to give increased vigor to a combat between two mediaeval knights, or to smooth off the somewhat angular contours of some pallid and lovelorn damozel. All these things, and much more besides, was Bladder compelled to do, while Mr. Myers urged him on to greater exertions with fanciful pictures of the sensation his show would cause, and Mr. Snubley chorussed approval both of his motives and of his execution. It was not until Mr. Madder had toached up a hundred or two of his early pro ductions that it occurred to him to make precise inquiries of Mr. Myers as to their ownership. Many were ticketed with well-known names; the Earl of Stockpot, Lord Kitcat, Sir Amyntas Gubbins, Mr. Noodletcn Croesus, and other distinguished patrons of art, but a very large number were either unappropriated by any owner, or were labelled with names which sounded unfamiliar and strange in Mr. Madder's ears. The artist asked for an explanation, and, after some little hesitation, Mr. Myers consented to solve the mystery. ' You see, sir,' he said, ' I bad the good luck some time ago to find out an extensive collector of yonr works who was in very embarrased circumstances. I was in a position to offer him a lump sum for the lot, and I don't mind tell ing you, sir, that I got them very cheap indeed. It was an opportunity, Mr, Madder, which does not occur every day-a great stroke of luck.' ' Then a hundred or more of my pic tures belong to you?' asked Mr. Madder, not looking very well pleased at the discovery. ' Precisely, 6ir ; and it is with regard to these works that I wished to consult you. In truth, I was about to propose an arrangement, with your kind per mission, which would be mutually ad vantageous to us.' ' And what may that be? ' That yon should allow me, sir, to sell these pictures-or, at all events, some of them-upon terms to be agreed upon between yourself and my firm.' Mr. Madder did not quite like the idea; it was decidedly irregular, but jftan fa was, as I have eaidj a bit of a iuiser, and thought he saw bis-way tt .linking a pretty good thing out ot Mi Myers. On the other hand, it was ,iitvi»usly uudesiruble that it should h publicly known that Mr. Myers had no fewer than a hundred of his pictures for vile-it might spoil his market; in. fact, if he quarrelled with Myers, that worthy might revenge himself by putt ing the whole collection up to auction, which would never do. So he resolved to be diplomatic. ' I don*t "think .you were at all justi fied, Mr. Myers/ remarked, in seeming indignation, ' in keeping this knowledge from me so long.) >;£a«v»r ' I had every intention of telling you#^ sir,' said the dealer, with a deprecatory ' smile, " but you have been so much engaged of late upon the pictures that I have scarcely had an opportunity.' Madder was not quite such a fool as to believe this. He knew perfectly well that Mr. Myers's real reason for keeping him in' the dark was the fear .f.st he, Madder, should deny the au thenticity of some of the pictures [minted forty odd years ago, which, of course, he could not well do now that he had expended considerable time and trouble in improving their appearance.? Nothing remained but to make the best terms for himself that he could. In this laudable object he was fairly suc cessful, for he held over Mr, Myers's head the threat of withdrawing the ex hibition altogether unless he was treated with liberality. And so, as each gentleman had something to fear from the other, matters were arranged with out any unreasonable delay or hagg ling. This done, Mr. Madder felt more easy in his mind. Whatever happened he could not come to any harm, and what between the shillings of the common herd and the more acceptable cheques in three or four figures of the select few who not only looked at pic tures but bought them, he expected to do tolerably well, and yet leave a rea sonable surplus for his enterprising coadjutor. There was, however, a con siderable amount of touching up and renovating still to be done, and to this Madder applied himself with renewed vigor. Of course, he declined to spend any more time over the productions of his enthusiastic but uncultivated youth ; he had done enough for them already, and he had a strong suspicion that Mr. Myers's supply of these early master- pieces was practically unlimited. But there were many more recent works, lent by distinguished patrons of «rt, which did not altogether please his fastidious eye. U|>on minute examina tion, he found trifling deviations from the unalterable laws of composition a high " note" was too high, or a low .' note" was too low. Again he would discover sins against the canons of colour and tone, or violations of the mystic statues which regulated style, all which things were pain and grief to Madder, and he set to work to remedy them with untiring vigour-that is to say, he eliminated from his pictures all taint of originality, and reduced them 1 to the level of the conventional Christ mas Number abomination from which, to tell the truth, they had previously differed but very little indeed. After a few weeks of this sort of labor Mr. Madder began to feel that he really wanted a rest. The exhibition was to open in a fortnight, and, perhaps, it would be more dignified, he thought, if he left London altogether for a time, and retired to some sequestered spot where he could enjoy needful repose, and at the same time revel undisturbed in the columns of panegyric which the newspaper's were sure to devote to him self and the works of his lifetime. Madder could never remember in after years whether be, Myers, or Snubley first hit upon this idea, but, whether it was original or not, he speedily made up his mind to act upon it. He delayed his departure up to the very day before the private view, so that everything should be put in perfect order; he superintended the arrange ment of the pictures-a lengthy task, for there were between 400 and 500 of them-and kindly corrected the proofs of the catalogue, which a warm-hearted critic had enlivened with page after page of descriptive eulogy. When Messrs. Snubley and Myers came to Euston to see him off, he glee fully told them that he was travelling incognito. Do one knew where he was going-he was not quite sure himself and he did not mean to reveal his whereabouts for some weeks to come. Was it a smile of satisfaction that Mr. Madder observed upon the faces of his friends as the train started, or merely the vacuous grin which people generally assume when welcoming or seeing off their acquaintances? A momentary suspicion passed through his mind, but he soon convinced him self that neither gentleman could have any possible motive for wishing to get rid of him. Mr. Madder journeyed to a little Welsh village oh the sea-coast with an incomprehensible name, where he could enjoy the sea-air in peace, and devote his energies to doing absolutely nothing at all without fear of interrupt tion. He was accompanied, of course, by the faithful Bung, who brought his master the numerous notices of his ex bition which appeared in the papers, carefully withholding those which he did not consider to be sufficiently eulogistic. But the papers were prac tically unanimous in declaring that so valuable and interesting a show had rarely, if ever, been seen before, so Mr. Bung's task was easy. In a fortnights' time small para graphs also began to appear to the eflect that certain of Mr. Madder's pictures had been sold to this or that patron of art, and Mr. Madder began to take a, wonderfully-increased plea sure in his holiday. _ But his satisfaction was considerably diminished by the .following singular paragraph, which met his eyes a few days later: W© understand that serious com* plications are likely to.. arise with reference to the works of * distinguished <rtist, which are now -being exhibited in Piccadilly. It is said that many owners who lent their pictures for ex hibition have discovered that they have been " restored" and otherwise altered without any authorty having been ijiven|to justify such a course.. We trust that satisfactory explanations will be forthcoming, which will avert the legal proceedings now threatened in several quarters, miriy mnsv A mysterous note, which arrested bis attention in another journal, drove him nearly frantic. It tan thus : ^ , GHOSTS IN THE STUDIO.-We have 1 aJrwidyheard a good deal of late about sculptor's and painter's "ghosts," and an extrac^dinaty report which has just reached ns seems likely, if founded on fact, to throw a startling light upon a vexed question. It is feaid that a struggling artist painted a nnttber of pictures so exactly; resembling the earlier efforts ofadistmguished that even the R.A. himself was de-» ceived, acknowledged the works to. be his own, and sanctioned their exhibition in a gallery which shall be nameless. And the story goes that the Royal 'Academician, not feeling wholly satis find with . these creations, took the liberty of executing certain alterations in .them, which did .not meet with the approval of his yotiiig mutator, who now threatens legal proceedings against hath the proprietors- of th'egailefj and the R.A. We, of course, give this singular story for what it is worth, without committing ourselves to any expression of opinion as to its truth. * Madder rushed wildly to the tele graph office and wired to his solicitors. | Their answer arrived in a few hours: Return at once. Absence most un fortunate. Test-action threatened on behalf of owners of your pictures for unautfaortative renovation. Also on be half of artist,: who' alleges be painted many of them, His name, Timothy Spinks. 