THE V.R.C. GRAND NATIONAL MEETING. The following details in connection with the Y.B.O. Grand National Meeting are from the Age of Monday:—The Maiden Hurdle Race, which opened the programme, resolved itself into an intercolonial contest "between the Ballarat favorite, Sir Launcelot, and Mr, Oxenham's speedy geldiDg Mackay, who was almost aB well supported as his rival and conquerer. A number of people seeing Scobie on Arganthone, the favorite's stable com panion, preferred her chance to that of Sir Launcelot, but the circumstance which re sulted so fortunately for Carey was owing to Scobie's inability to ride the favorite's weight, ,and not to mislead the. public, as many ill informed persons suggested. Sir Launcelot won from end to end with so much in hand that the stable must have regretted not sending him for the more important event instead, but Carey took a most foolish liberty in allowing Mackay to run up to his girths on the po3t, and had the New South Welshman not been hampered through striking the last hurdle, the Ballarat jockey might have paid dearly for hi3 folly. The fortunate start made by backerB was followed by the almost equally decisive victory of Wickliffe in the Maiden Steeple chase, for which he started an even money favorite, and won easily at the finish from Andy, who had attended him throughout the journey. The success of two favorites, and the withdrawal of Huntsman, hardened Sheet Anchor in the betting for the Grand National Hurdle Race., until at last 5 to 4^was difficult to obtain, and as the Mel bourne Cup winner was reported to have taken kindly to the hurdles his victory was generally looked upon as little short of a certainty. The race, however, like that of last year, showed clearly that jumping i3 not the mighty. Tasmanian's forte, as he struck heavily twice, and the indomitable, pluck which alone enabled him to finish third was clearly shown by the bruised condition of his leg on returning to scale. After his second mistake he came again between the abattoirs and the sheds with a brilliant ran, which he was, however, unable to sustain. The victory of Ocean was the signal for a burst of applause from the ring, who, to a man, won by the unexpected victory of the rank outsider. The winner, who last April ran second in the Hamilton Cap, was . bred by the Messrs. Chirnside, but his pedigree is unknown." Ferguson, who steered Ocean, waB also the successful pilot of The Agent last year, and, as Corrigan, who on Saturday won the Grand National Steeplechase on Game, rode Wymlet to victory last season, the double has been won in two successive years by the same two jockeys. The South Australian, Ruby, ran a great mare, beatiDg everything but the winner, and Ditto went well for two miles, bat Dura tion, who looked wonderfully well, could only carry his heavy burden into fifth place. The Grand National Steeplechase brought out exactly a dozen competitors, Game, who' was in superb condition, being a strong first favorite. Mr. McCulloch, who can certainly ride Lady Ashton better than any professional who has ever crossed her, adopted unusual tactics with the erratic Panic mare, keeping her in the rear during part of the first round, and as usual she ran down her fences badly. The pace was made from the first by Native, who was joined by Lady Ashton before the fhst round was completed, the mare coming right through from absolutely last, and there after occupying a prominent position to the final turn for home, where she was in front of all. Game, however, had all through the chase been lying handy, and after entering the straight fairly smothered his field for pace, and won without turning a hair, his condition, like that of Ocean, being superb. Problem up3et a great pot on Fusilier in the Selling Hurdle Race, and was sold to Mr. Gordon for £1G5, all of which goes to the club. The racing was brought to a conclusion with the Mile Flat Race, for which The Ghost was greatly fancied by the Caulfield division, but getting very badly away he made such a desperate run for the lead up to the home turn that he died away in the straight, being unable to sustain the effort. Duke of Athol, contrary to Ins usual custom, got off with the lead, and his victory seemed, beyond doubt until M. O'Brien on Gardenia sat down on Wollomai's half sister inside the distance, and discarding the whip rode her home with his hands, fairly outriding Brown, and achieving a most undeniable triumph of jockeyship. 