CAMIOLA : A QIBL WITH A FORTUNE. BT JUSTIN M'CABTHY, Author of ' Miss MUanthrope,' ' Uaid of Athens,' to. Chapter XXXIII. — Spectral Illusions. Camiola was preparing hastily in her own ttiad quite an eioqoent and impressive; while, at the same time, highly politic and ingenious little speech, in reply to Fitzorse'a invitation. She intended to appeal to him on behalf of Janette and of himself, to try to bnsg him to a sense ot the foolishness, as toll as the ingratitude, of the part he was Paying, and at the same time to evade all aaatistion of any meaning in his style of compliment to herself. 8he would sot eon wwend to acknowledge that she believed ®er as any sinister intent in hie words of compliment, or to notice them as compli- meet at all. We do not know what effect the cioqiMDee aod ingenuity of the speech might have produced on Walter, if it had been BPoten ; but it was not epokan, Mrs. Pollen coming out of the house interrupted the conversation. Camiola had been waiting for Mrs. Pollen, ho was to retorn to town for the evening ; e bed been wandering, as we bare said, parposeieag on the lawn while Mrs. Pollen masking her preparations. Oh l yon are here,1 Mrs. Pollen said, In Hot too gracious recognition of Walter's prtsenee. 1 1 didn't expect to see yon on this ®hle of the water. How did yon tear yourself toy from the fascinations iff the Weal gw? How are all the OountesMS and tttiohionesiee? How will they get on without ytfu v Pitzaise smiled a rather feeble sort of "mie. He did sot like to . he chaffed, ; specially before a pretty girl. I don't know; we are wit sweh Heqnainted with Marohionesses and oontesBes ; we are very qoiet people.' Who are we?' Weil, Janette aod I, of coarse.' _ To be sure. I bad quite forgotten This was said with a signiSoaoor hioh made Walter turn pale. He uould not fiord to lose his temper with Mrs. Pollen, o he would then have lost his temper mo assuredly. "What Mrs. Pollen meant him t understand, was: « I had forgotten to think w Janette as a being inseparable from you.' He quite understood her meaning, Well, how is Janette, as you have mentioned her 2' 8he is very well, thank yoo.' ' Gamiola dear, we are going directly. Will you get your things onf Gamiola dis appeared into the house, glad to esc- pe, yet feeling as If she onght to hate .delivered her speech. ' You couldn't guess, perhaps, why I came over to FitZarse House bo soon ?' Walter said, with a desperate attempt to seem at hie ease. If the attempt had not bee? so evidently made, Mrs. Pollen might, perhapB, not have known quite so quickly that ha was not at his ease. 1 daresay I could guess If I tried. Shall I try ?' It you please. I should be curioue to know if you really could guess.' ' By the way, I don't guess. In that sense ®f the word—iny our sense; I never could Cues anything urtfaat way ; I see things and I draw conclusions. Well, suppose > I say that yon came over to see about my Albanian Joseph ?' This was a hold shot of Mrs. Pollen's ; but its i very boldness would in , any case have served her purpose. If Walter had not been thinking of Joseph, the me e mention of bis name would oonvey to him the idea that in Mrs. Pollen's mind there was some reason why he should be thinking of Joseph, and thus set bis alarms all going once again. If, on the other hand, he had come to ask something abont Joseph, the oorreotness of her oonousions could not but impress him. It did impress him; Mrs. Pbllen was right ; he had oome in the hope to find oat some thing about Joseph. Joseph was hie soeptre ; Joseph unseen was even worse than Joseph seen. A great actor produced a fine effeot in Hamlet by making Hamlet after he has first seen the Ghost gl&noe; round him with uneasy eyes every other moment, expecting the awful presence again, and disturbed by the abseooe not less than by Hie apparition. Walter's mind was thus wrought on by the absenoe of the Albanian. Joseph was absent Indeed lor this moment $ but when might he not be present again, and for what purpose ? Mrs. Pollen, it must be owned, found a certain unchristian pleasure in observing and working upon Walter's feelings and his fears. 8he had been hearing bad stories about him in the West End lately, and she wae beooming pitiless so far as he was concerned, while very pitiful indeed for Janette. (Yes; it was about Joseph,' Fitzurse answered with seeming carelessness. He was becoming master of himself. ' The fact is, I understood from you that you did not fed quite certain about keeping him on ; and I was talking to eome men, aod I didn't know if I might not bB in the way of plaoing him well, it you would like to have him placed here in London.' 'Would yoo think of employing him yourself?' she asked, and she fixed her eyes mi him. 'I? Oh, well — I couldn't afford, you know — why do you ask 2' ' If you oould tae htm into your service it might not be a bad thing. Joseph is a peculiar sort of person ; he is very faithful to his master ; be has all the devotion of the wolfdog or the bloodhonnd. If I had com mitted a murder— -or tried to commit one — I should feel perfectly eafe in letting Joseph know all about bim — so long as he was in my service. But I should try not to lose him if he had euoh a secret of mine in his keeping. He has some capital qualities — that is why I think it might not be half a bad thing if you were to employ him— always' supposing he would have you as a master. He might not, perhaps.' Mrs. Pollen must have been fa/ less keen- sighted than she was if she had not noted the effeot which her words, eentas a mere shot in the darkness, wrought on their victim. Walter turned a livid pale, and positively trembtod Bis eyes were lit by a blue light of fear, sad auger, and something like hate. What on earth can this be ?' Mrs. Pollen meanwhile was asking of her own mind. He can't have been doing any murder, sorely 2 He can't have been trying to kill somebody ? Yet I have eertainly made a hit in i»nt direction.1 Mrs. Pollen, I really don't understand you; I won't even pretend, to understand von 1 Don't yon? Pretend, if you can. not to understand me ! Tbere-I ehould like to see you do that. Just look me straight in the faee and say you don't understand me ; that you have not the least idea of what I mean. That will do. You would never make a decent amateur actor ; you will never be as good as Bertie Bomont at that sort of business either. Walter started at the mention of Bomont s W«Srtifl Bomont is a very good amateur actor.' she went on.. 1 1 couldn't get things tout of him' as easily as I dsn out of you. So then he knows all abont It, too? . Weaw aaite a partie carree : you add J, and Joseph and Bomont ! Well, if a secret confideo to three persons besides him whom it specially eoooernt can be kept for ever the world is growing lew oouunomoatiy® than it used to be in my younger days, end the reeds now would never blab the secret of King Midas ! You want to know, I suppose, why I have brought all this up just now?' He only nodded his head; he was quite overmastered for the moment. ' I'll tell you. I have been hearing bad tales about you. I don't know that your wife oomplains of you as yet, but she has reason to complain. Now, mind ; I told you bdforg that your love- I mean your love for Janette — would be the best title of your ambition to success. We have given yotl an aihnesty for the past, some of us who know j but it is conditional, not absolute. Don't provoke us,, and everything may go on well with you still. But remember, the amnesty is conditional, and there are three people, as well as yourself, in the secret — there ; that will do for the present. I am sorry we -have to return to town so quickiv, Miss Sabine and I ; Miss Sabine is going to stay with me in town for the present. We shall see yon, of course, and Janette? The carriage is ready, Gamiola dear.' Gqmiola had returned. As she said good, hye ito Walter she held his hand -for one little seoond as if in a kihd of mute appeal. She longed to make her little speech to him About Janette, to. plead, for Janette's happi ness ; to warn bim that he would do hiihseif , and her only harm if he set people thinking that he neglected her. Bat there was no chanoe to speak th little speech now, and perhaps, after all, she could do no good by speaking it. She took her hand away and a moment after Walter found himself alone on the lawn of Fitzurse House in a condition of semi-stupefaction. Now, if we might venture on the frivolity of asking any reader to play a sort of game with os, we woold like to ask that reader what he or she thinks was the first distinct sensation in Walter Fit Buret's mind when he began to pull himself together and collect his tfe&B; out of the muddle of mere stupefaction. If this story has at all succeeded in conveying a clear idea of Walter's nature, ways, end temperment, the answer ought to be easy. The first sensation of which he was conscious was the thoughlkhat Gamiola had taken leave of him withapeculiar pressure of the hand. The kindly,, generous, self forgetfal impulse which moved -her to give that half-unconscious pressure, the impulse ' which translated into wferds.would have said, ' Oh, before it is too late— for heraake and your own sake ; for those who love her, and for those who at least wish you well, take thought and do not throw away her love' — that impulse was for the moment wholly misunderstood by Fitzurse. To him it was evidenoe of a certain tender interest in him. It was part of his creed that every woman, however well meaning and well brought up. loved praise, and even flattery, and was open to the influence of any words from any man w'nioh professed admiration and love. There are men who make it their creed that women are all turned oat by nature on precisely the same pattern, like Nuremberg tin soldiers ; that tnow one and you know all; and that the touch of nature which makes the whole woman-world kin is sensibility to admiration and to professions of love. Above every other feeling in his mind now there soared the exulting thought that be had made love to Gamiola, and that Gamiola had been touched by bis words. The slight momen tary pressure of the hand made a bond of sentiment between them, he thought His vanity was inflated, and soared with him into the very skies. He passed out of the gates of Fitzurse House. Of oourse, as he walked along the sense of his danger came b.ack to him. He could not doubt any longer that Mrs Pollen knew his whole secret. Mrs. Pollen who, as .she drove off with Gamiola, was unusually silent, perplexing herself with conjectures as to what Waller could possibly have done, or tried to do, which made him so much affrighted when the dial which spoke not made shrewd sign and pointed full upon the stroke of murder.' Well, he must be more careful for the future. It was dear that he was eafe in Mrs. Pollen's hands so long as he was properly loving and attentive to Janette; and he would be properly loving and attentive to Janette for the future. Joseph, of course, wae a danger ; but somehow he fanoied that Mre. Pollen meant to oonvey the idea that she oould keep Joseph safely in hand if only he, Walter, did not provoke her wrath against him. After ail, what was it that oould be brought against him? He had not done any murder; a sudden act of passion ending in nothing could not oome to inooh even if brought against him. He had not etoh n any money ; it was only, at the very worst, an inference that he had ever intended to steal ; and be knew that he never had any soon intention ; he always meant to pay baqk the money again. He wae becoming cheered and consoled in mind. Gh, yes ; it would be all right. He would return to hie devo tion for dear, sweet Janette, who loved him so ; he would absolutely get out of the flirtation with Lady Pallas ; evidently Mre. Pollen had been hearing of that", that was what she meant by the bad tales people had been telling her, and by her allusion to Countesses and Marchionesses, He would be very attentive to Janette for the future ; and in his mind there wastte sweetening thought that after all Gamiola Sabine would be a good deal with Janette bow that she was going over to London to stay with Mrs. Pollen. Things began to look brighter and better for our young salf-eleoted representative of the illastriouB house of Fitzurse. It w&s; a beautiial evening, too, as he walked along meditating. The flirtation with Lady Pallas Was a very harmless piece of business so far as Lady Pallas herself was concerned. There was ia Lady Pallas's mind no thought of harm, in the ordinary sense of the word. Scandal had never breathed a doubt of the purity of Lady Pallas's reputation. Only there can be an immense amount of paio wrought and evil dooe hy ladies on whose moral character taint m suspicion has never fallen. Hearts may be bronen and homes made unhappy by such ladies. Lady Failas wasthe wife of the Earl of Pallas, a distinguished diplomatist, who had married somewhat late in life Lady Pallas liked to be talked of, and she liked to have men about her Who were talked of, and she had taken very much to Walter Fitzurse after his romantic marriage. 8fae was very friendly ith Janette, and was amused by Janette's theories of life and her adoration of her husband, aod Lady PallaB thought it would be good fun to make a victim of Walter, and show him off as her victim She : was still jpong, and handsome, and attractive, and poor Walter felt ell the devotion of hiB nature pour out to handsome women of rank. So he let Lady Pallas make a fool of him, while thinking in his own mind that he was a very eplendid figare in society; and Janette was already beginning to suffer and to let her suffering be seen, which gratified. 'Lady Pallas immensely. Chapter XXXIV.— Old Wounds— Heal ing. The evening was already beginning to fade as Walter turned from Fitzurse House. The summer itself bad faded into autumn. The latest emberB of the season had gone ont, Walter had been invited to go down into the country with Lord and Lady Pallas ; but now. he thought he would not go, although he longed to see one ofthe country houses of the class whom Dr. Johmon would have flailed the great. But it would be better not,. hiB thought; on the whole much better not.. Janette would hot like It, and would be jealous ; poor dear Janette I He should not help smiling oomplaoently to himself at the thought of Janette being jealous shout him and Abe attentions paid to bim by a great lady. The evening eon shed one of lte latest rays Hoross his smUing face. He woold not pass through the odious streets of Fitzursebam, and perhaps be grinned at by the envious inhabitants. It used to be at on time a favourite theory of Fitzarsehamites that Walter was destined for greatness of some kind or other, and was certainly destined to rise in the world and get into good society. Yet. now that he had risen and got into good society, Fitzursebam did .not appear to feel proud or gratified at bis elevation, but, on the contrary, showed a disposition to grumble at him and jeer at him. We have already spoken of the Fitzoreeham population as an irreverent population who would jeer at success as well a failure . In fact, there was no telling what Fitzursebam would not jeer at if it felt so disposed. One might be the glare of fashion and the mould of form, and yet a ragged, bandy-legged Fitzureehamite would be as likely as not to shoot oot the tongue of derision at him. and hold bim up to public contempt. A Fitzursebamite gamin with dirty face, bare feet, and torn pantaloons never to be mended, wonld proclaim himself rigidly exacting in regard to female oostume, and wonld make disparaging comments on the get-up of Mrs. Lang try if she happened to pass along his way and he disapproved . of her bonnet or her dress. One might have saved the State, and yet if he happened to wander along a Fitzurseham street might find himself only an object of sincere con tempt and loudly-expressed ridicule. It is no wonder that Walter Fitzurse, an old resident who had ont the place, should have felt strong objection to parading its. streets on fo t in the evening. He knew a way sear the Beotory and by the river bask from whioh he could reach one of the piers of the river steamers without tempting mnch of the commentary of Fitzurseham He was moving along this quiet path now when forming his resolve not to go to Lady Pallas's, and when the setting sun illumined his somplacent smile and dazzled bis eyes Because of the dazzled eyes he did not see that be was near running into the arms of a pair who were turning round a corner; a man and a woman. The woman wae leantng on the man's tern, and they were in deep ! conversation. Walter might, perhaps, have p»esed on without noticing them further but that they Btcpped in some doubt or cohforion apparently ; and then Walter looked At them aod saw that they were Vinnie Lammas and Christian Pilgrim Vinnie drew back a little disturbed; Pilgrim maintained his usual gloomy composure, Vinnie— Miss Lammas !' Walter ex claimed, taking off his hat and making a bow worthy of a prinoe doing salutation to a prineess. 1 Pilgrim— how do again, Pilgrim ? Lovely evening— going for a walk? Hope Mrs. Lammas is well.' Mamma is $uite well, thank you,' Vinnie isfiS with heart a little throbbing. Filgri could feel it throb against hie arm ; hp withdrew his arm. ' Mr. Pilgrim wae kindly seeing me home ; Mrs# Pollen has gone tc? town for the night.' rYes, I know,' Walter eei df f I have just been there ; I am going to tows, too Good evening, Vinnie — Mis? Lammas ; good even ing, Pilgrim. My kind regards to Mr? Lammas.' Christian Pilgrim said never s word r- Walter bowed ?R8io nnd moved off. Bur= when the two had passed on be stopped to a while and looked after them. He became very curious to know whether Pilgrim would go into her house with Vitmis and remain for any rime there. He felt catkins to know whether they were going straight So Vinnie' home, or whether along walk by 'the river side might not precede Viosis's return to her mother. He bad, one might have thought, hie heart s desire. He had carried off and married the pretty granddaughter of an earl ; he was csrrying on a flirtation with the wife of an earl; he could etill feel the momentary impress of Gamiola Sabine's hand ; and yet he suddenly felt a pang of jealous passion at Hie thought of Christian' Pilgrim taking a 1 walk with Vinnie Lammas, perhaps ling" ring with her fay the river, accompanying fcer io her home, and going in and sitting with her in the room which Walter remembered so well, and of whioh the memory sometimes brought a feeling of regret and. sometimes a shudder, according to the mood which happened to have possession of bioa. Ha felt devoured by cariosity to know whether Pdgrim would retarn at once to Fh zurse House, having seen Vinnie to her home, or whether he would go in with her and make & long stay. Braving all risk cf being recognised and flouted by gibing Fiizurse- hamitee, he followed slowly the petb Pilgrim and Vinnie had taken. He kept them in view all the rime until he saw that they were olose to Vinnie's house. Then he fell baok a little and waited. There was a beetle- b rowed archway forming the entrance to a narrow lane, which led in a. crooked and . carving wsy.to one of the meanest and ip quaiidest parts of Fitzufteham— parte which Walter bad never penetrated. shadowof the archway the young man stood and waited aBd wUihheil. Ah hour passed, and Pilgrim did ncA oome out of Vinnie's house. Waiter could wait bo longer ; he had to return home, His projects of moral apd philosophical reform were disturbed by what he had observed ; his mind was disturbed by it. He oould not bear the idea of Christian Pilgrim, on whom he had always looked down, coming now to supplant him in the heart of Vinnie Lammas. It would have pleased him if the girl had always remained faithful to the memory of her first lover. It appeared to him as if Pilgrim were doing him a positive wrong He wae vexed, and felt humbled. It was too much, he said to himself he wasn't gciog to stand it. Meanwhile. Christian Pilgrim was spending a quiet and happy hour or two with Vinnie Lammas and her mother. He was having tea with them, after the old fashion of the days before Vinnie. had been, disappointed in love. Things indeed were gradually restoring themselves to the old condition of quietude and something like contentment io Vinnie s house. Mrs. Lammas was delighted with the improved fortunes ot her daughter, with the friends she had made, and she prospect that seemed to be opening up to her. All that was wanted to make them both happy now was that Vinnie should forget altogether her love for Walter F>tenrse j and Mrs. Lammas thought with much secret satisfac tion that this now seemed very likely to coma to pasr. Mr. Pilgrim wae undoubtedly very attentive to Vineie, and although it w&b; so far in a fatherly sort of way, yet Mr. Pilgrim was not neerly bo old as be looked, and he had a very good position »e\tnuagx,r of Mrs. Pollen's Fitzore ham property, and Mrs. Pollen made no secret ot her regard for him, and her willingness to do am thing .in her power to help him to gain any object be had in view; and there was so handsome young admirer sow to put into contrast with him ; and, in short, Mrs. Lammas had made up her n:ind tbat Pilgrim would some time or other ask Vinnie to marry him, and that on the whole Vinnie oouii not do a better thing. Therefore, she saw with pleasure that the two seemed day by day to grow more friendly, more intimate, more necessary to each other; and she waited in quiet confidence for the moment when Vinnie would cbtefi tb her and toil her that Pilgrim and she were going to bs married Ytnnie wns indeed . beooimBg day by day more necessary to Christian Pilgrim. By imperceptible degrees his friendship for Ahe girl, his oompsssitm for hex, hie Sympathy with her, were deepening and«hrobebteg into a tenderer feeling. Afte bkhfte wild outbreak cf passieiS1lt had fallen into .. dejection and eimms time, mkde life j had been rousedflptej";' £ this depression for the e by « £ock of Vinnie Lamma&'s attempt at &mcide.; his anxiety abbot herand hfe prtv for farr, he forgot for s. while hiinrelf and what fat? eo eidmid fab ctgt«.u&tior;»,.Biid bc br gan to tVal grateful to the girl bkaute f&e; tad Jftm thick of her and not of himself. Wheat 1 -Ji iH.lJTOgsgssgS 1\,1 MA& 5® W: mxt. A directed byrMJ?qllpri;o ee tSgirljbpme «od-p teke carp ef gay, MPq 8 #:;PDPP3%8hQu6 \- tbat , Pilcrinj rer ;4» &e;(tocgiqr tmji daughter, hut under' iqditiqua veiy muak j changed ,au4 in-st fripql.knuMl much .SW'WVtfcSi'aC ii W sdt '-rd; li Joofefagj snuqh . ilgrlnj' Jpmjae »okq£ ; theroomfora moment torireeuppt b&feaed; . jjU, ... % t ' She -m;. indeagriea|jjy tfllfepged rior; the better,' Pilgrim said. I was afraid that sjae 5 woald b&ve.a; shock to.dey Do you know we met himV " i -.-;!v ;,r. r1 Met whom, Mr. Pilgrim Mrs. Lammas was a little slow of appre- tteDsion. She „really< fiid not know . at tbe. moment of What ' him' Christian . was epeaking, 4 That young man— Walter Fitsurse. I don't know what he was doing aboufc here. Yes ; he stopped and spoke to her.' ' My ! I am surprised, How did Yinnie bear UP ,. ( Very well ; she did not seem to mind eo- much as I was afraid «he would.' I am, so glad. Bat I'm sure she wouldn't. ' Sire. Lamm&s; expressed this conviction quite as maub for the pur poseof reassuring herself sis of assuring Pilgrim. . She don't Care about him any xnoxe, Mr. Pilgrim ; Bbe will soon forget him altogether, I hope.' I hope so, too.' Pilgrim hoped, but, was not confident. He thought Yinnie had. borne the meeting -very well ; but he bad seen, . too, how the crimson flush bad oome over her face, and how she trembled, and, little as he knew of women and their w»ys, he knew enongh to know that Yinnie bad not yet got over all her love for Walter Fitzurse. Nothing more was said then. Yinnie cams hack, and tbey had tea and talked pleasantly over various things quite as in the old time Yinnie was in what seemed to. be remarkably high spirits. Pilgrim wan delighted with her ; mood «ndv her ways.. He was getting very fond of the girl in a half fatherly, half-lover like sort of way. . When he was going Yinnie came out with him to the doorstep just as cite used to do in the old time — with him and, of coarse, with Walter too. There, just in front of them, were tbe windows of the house where Walter used to live. Vinnie's eyes turned that way with a look wbicb would have filled with misgiving the heart of an admirer more skilled in reading the mood cf a woman than poor Gbrietian Pilgrim. It was a tender and beautiful autumn evening ; the mild light of the ' Shepherd's Star fell on Yinnie's p& e upturned faae and eyes, now wistful and melancholy. ' It was strange, wasn't -it, meeting him to day I' she said suddenly, sinking ber voice, as if there were anyone but Pilgrim to hear ber words. Yon bore it very well,' Pilgrim said, encouragingly. 1 was gl.ad to see that, Yinnie. ' You will be quite strong in time, and you will be happy ' She remained silent, locking still at the windows, of the house which she once used to watch with so affectionate an interest, Her silence made Pilgrim feel a little uneasy. It was as if a damp clood had suddenly oome aver his prospect. 'Yes ; you bore it well,'; he . said once again. 'That was the first time you saw him—since that Sunday ?' ' Yes— at least, no, not exactly. I saw him Once before.' Yinnie .spoke with great hesitation now, In truth, she had almost thought at first of BAying 'Yes' in an unqualified way to Pilgrim's question; hut, to do her justice, she always tried to be a truthful girl. ' Saw him once before ? Since that time, do you mean?' ' Yes, Mr. Pilgrim ; I saw him once before.' ' Where was tbat, Yinnie? Tell me aboat that ; I didn't know anything of it. Where did you see him?' ' Here — I mean, of conise, in Fitzursebam. It was quite by accident ; I never thought of meeting him, Here, in Fitzursebam ? Where in Fitzursebam ?' 'In the old churchyard. I "went in there one day when I was going from here to Fitzurse Honse, and I stayed a few moments alone ; and then he came in.' ' And he talked to yon ?' Yes, Mr. Pilgrim ; he talked to mo.' What did he talk to you about?' 'Ob, asked. me to forgive him, and tbat. It didn't last very long— I wouldn't stay. He eaid be was very sorry about me ; and. do you know, he had never heard until that moment tbat I tried to drown myself?' This was said in a woman's last despairing effort to try and make people believe that her faithless lover was hot, after ail, quite so bad eb they might have thought him. Pilgrim's heart sank ' You never told me of this, Yinnie,' he eaid, gloomily. ... ' No, she said, In a despondent voice ; 'I didn't. What would be the good ? It didn't matter. It couldn't make any change.' ' Does your mother know?' ' She does not. I did not tell her. I was afraid it would make her feel uncomfortable. Bbe would be fancying things.' ' Fancying things ! Yes, very likely,' Pilgrim thought. He could not help fancy ing things as he looked how into Yinnie's troubled face. ' You didn't see him agaio after tbat — until to-day ?' he egjked. ' No, hot until to day. It was all a mere accident. He doesn't come here much sow- to Fttzureeham, I glean, I don't suppose I shall ever see him again.' (TO HE OOHTXHUSD.) 