V.B.C. TJ3T1TED STEEPLECHASE MEEHX3 (iSOU CUE MEIBOTBXE COSBJESPOSBEST.) I Saturday. The annual Tranter steeplechase meet- j $ng of the Y.K.C., which took place at headquarters to-day. was one of the j ■ynAnh successful of similar gathe ring hitherto held at Flenfingtom Thfl weather, which for a few. days j previous had heen unsettled, wa3 any .... thing hut promising during the forenoon. A heavy mist was hanging about, and, even, up to the starting of the. first race, the course was not clear, so that a good | view could not he obtained all round. The sun, however, struggled through j htpr on, and the afternoon was ; -finPK flonr^ and pleasant, but somewhat cold* Tli«< Excellency the Governor and suite were present, and took great interest in. the " races. Signor Zelinan's military ! hand occupied. thpir usual position on the : lawn, and added to the enjoyment of the j afternoon's amusement by the choice , selections of music they discoursed. The luncheon, provided by Mr D. C- Straker, was all that conld be desired- and was greatly enjoyed, the keen, sharp air 310 doubt assisting the appetites of [ Mi» Striker's numerous patrons. The ; commenced with the Maiden Hurdles of two miles, for which eight horses started. Sir Eauncelofc was , indA a warm favorite, and he justified it ] \- by defeating Mackay by a length. Hob art "being third. Only half-a-dozen cams out for the Maiden Steeplechase, and again j backers had the best of it, as "WickIifie,who started at even money, had no difficulty in appropriating first place, Andy bring the only other horse that finished. The Grand Rational Hurdle Race brought out i a field of 11, Sheet Anchor and Kuby j bring most fancied. The race was an i fnfoTwHTig- one, and was a regular god send to the bookmakers, as, although the J favorites got into the straight in front. Ocean, who was scarcely mentioned, but who had always been in the front divi sion, came away when called upon ana won comfortably from Ruby,_ the Mel bourne Cup winner finishing third. .for the Steeplechase a dozen horses were saddled, and backers again had a throw | 7nj as Game, who was in splendid condi- , tion, trent as straight as a die and iron by , three lengths from Native, the same _dis- j tance off being lady Ashion, who tired i ■very much towards the finish. The Sell ing Hurdle Race had five starters, ihe winner turning up in Problem, the fa vorite, Fusilier, finishing third. The Flat Face produced a field of nineteen runners, the winner turning up in Garde nia after a lattlimr finish j with Duke of Atbol second. Annexed are details :— Maidex Hchdlb Bj.ce.—A sweep of 5 sots with 2'M zddedL Hursts that bare jj^ver started in a bardie race allowed t ib. The second horse to receive 25 sovs, and the third 10 sovs, cat of the state. Aboat 2 mites IT. BiBeys b g Sir Banner lot, 4yrs, Sit 71b (Carey) ~ 1 H- Oxenham's b g Mackay (late a:lrer King), aged, lftst (Maioat) — - J. Cripps" b h Bobaxt, Cyrs, lOst 5ILs (Jl'JLeod) . — Arganthone, "Pyrrhns L, Joey, Aristocrat, ftntl also started. Bsttius—5 to 4 Sir Launceloi, 4 t-. Mackay. 6 to 1 Bobart, 10 to 1 others. At the second attempt Pyrthus got a _ TFith a slight lead, followed by Mackay, yarrrmil t Joey. and Hobart. As they seared the first hurdle Earimil went to the front, and showed ihe way past the stond. attended 3bv Arganthone, Sir Lauscriut, and ffobast Th« order was kept past the wharf booth, but as th-y went aloes the hack Pyrrhus took second place, Sir Lnuncriot and Hobart foUowins, whfiat Mackay and Jcey were last. By the bridge Mackay com meoced to go up, whilss Si»bart was at the same time rushed to the fn^t and deprived Glasscock's horse of the lead. As they came by the sheds the favorite moved up and took ihe premier position, followed by Earimil and Hobart, and in this order the itraighi was ended, Mackay coming fast oa the out ride. Ah the last hmdle Mackay struck heavily, but kept on bis feet and made a game but unsuccessful effort to resell the favorite, who was landed comfortably by nearlv a lenstb. H^bari a good third, sue -RartmH fourth, whilst Pyrrkus was lasu Time. Safin, oo^sec. Hatdex Steeplechase—A sweep offiaovs., with 200 added. For ail horses which have never won a hnrd'e race or steeple chase. Horses which have never started lor a hurdle cr steeplechase allowed 10'b. Second horse to receive 25sovs-, and the third lOsors., cut of the st*ke. About two G_ Buckley** h g Wickfiffr, aged, 30it 13iba (Cree) — 1 G. H. Whitehead'* b g Andy, 6yrs, list 91hs (Alien) ^ — War Dance, Sir Soger. Consternation, and Trooper also sfrited. Betting—5 to 4 and even money agains' Wickkffe, 4 to 1 Sir Robert, C to 1 other? The half-a-dozeu were despatched at toe first attempt, the pace being slow to the first jump, which was token by Sir Robert and Wickliffe togtthe»; then came •Coaster patinn «nd Andy. As they came to the firs' obstacle in the straight Consternation wectto the trout, but it was only for a spin, us the favorite took up the rnnning, and led over thf* treble, followed by Goostemarion, Andy, and Sir Robert, War Dance and Trooper "firing last 2fo change took place along the river, bat at the back War Dance came down, bring followed at ihe next fences by Sir Roger and Consternation. This left the favorite and Andy with a good lead, as Trooper was many lengths in the rear. The lading pair raced together to the last fence, 'where the favorite got the best of it,-and. "having most left in him, was landed an easy winner by three lengths. Time, 5min. 3^ -ssc. Guaxd Naxioxai. HmDix Race - A handi cap sweep of 10 sovs., with 400 added; the second horse to receive 50 sovs., and the third 25 sots., out of the stakes. About 3 zzfiles. W. MofEsti's b g Oeean,aged, 9jt3Ibs (A. Ferguson) — 1 G. O'Brien'* bn m Ruby, aged, 10;t 121bs (O'Brien) 2 AT." Loughlin's br h Sheet Anchor, aged, list iOIbs (Corrigan) — 3 Duration, Tantaliser, Koolyie, Distiller, Grattan, Ditto, and Wild Dog also started^ Betting : G to 4 Sheet Anchor, 5 iol Ruby and Duration, X to 1 Hilltop, 10 to 20 to 1 others. Immediately the flag fell Sheet Anchor's colors on the inside showed in front, with Hilltop,Ditto, Grattan, Ocean, Koolyie, and Ruby, and in this order they passed the gtand. Along by ihe wharf booth Wild Dog went to the froni; having Ocean on his j qoartpro, unth Ditto. Sheet Anchor. Ruby, 1 and Duration following. At the back Ruby went up into third place, but no change of importance took piece until rounding the turn into the straight, where Grattan and Sheet Anchor closed on the l?ader. Passing the stand Wild Dog was two 1-ngths ahead of Ruby, who had supplanted Ocean, then came Grattan, Sheet Anchor, and Hilltop. Rounding the river turn . Ocean again went up second, Ruby bring third, with Koolyie, Sheet Anchor, and Dnrarion in close proximity. Going along the back Ocean was taken to the front. Wild Dog dropping back, whilst Ruby, Grattan, Sheet Anchor, and Duration were running forward. At the home turn Ruby headed Ocean, but once fairly in the straight Ocean came again, and at the distance had the race in hand. Ruby and Sheet Anchor made a game struggle, but were unable to reach Ocean, who won by a good length fromRuby, Sheet Anchor a good Hfird ; then came Grattan. Doration, and Koolyt^ Time, oxnia. 35jwc. GXAXD XaxzoNAl. Stee?LCSA5£—A handicap sweep of 15 sots. each, with 500 added. The second horse to receive 50 bots^ and the third 25 eovs., out of the stake. Abont three nfil^s. M. liOnghlin's b g Game, aged, llstlOlb (Corrigan) ^.1 E- Martin's b g Kative, aged, 10st Sib {Ferguson) 2 W. Pearson's b zn Lady Ash ton, aged, " 12st 51b (A. il'Cnlioch) 3 Studley, Bob Cooper, Reticent, Roulette, Kanaka, Spangle, Brown Eigle, Charcoal, jmd Kmsance al«o started. Betting—3 to 1 Game, 5 to 1 Reticent, 6 to 1 Studley and Lady Ashion, 10 to 1 Bob Cooper, from 12 to 1 others. Studley was first away oa the inside when the fiag fell, but Kative at once went to the front, followed by Chare*j»1, Brown Eagle, , and Kanaka. At thefitst fence Charcoal j waa slightly in front of Native, who was a length in front of Brown Eagle and Game ; L then came Roulette, Kanaka, Bob Cooper, i lady Aahton,: and Kniaance, with Spangle I ;As they ran to the bridge Is arive again took np the running followed by Charcoal, Reticent. Game, Erown Ragle, Bob Cooper, and Racy Ashton. No change took place by the abattoirs to the tarn, Native and Char coal still being in front, "whilst Lady Ashton and Came were in close attendance. ; Bob Cooper came down before reaching the straight,and gave the jockey a good shaking. Negotiating the first of the treble, Native and Lady Ashton went to the front and led over the stone wall, followed by Game, Reticent, Kanaka, Roulette, and Nuisance. Satire and Rady Ashton led along the back and by the bridge to the abattoirs, wbere Game reduced the gap and got into a good position third. Reticent, Kanaka, and Rou lette being next, Spangle coming to grief at the shed*T Native and Rady Ashton were first round the home tnro, hut the Ballarat horse came very fast in the straight, and, catching the mare at the last jump,- won by three lengths, Native coming again and finishing second; then came Reticent, Kanaka and Stud ley, the others nowhere. Time, fimin. 4S?ec. Selling Hcedle Race, a sweep of 3 sors., with 150 added. Winner to be sold for .£50. Tibs allowed for every £25 rednc tion in price. One mile and a half and a distance. W. little's b g Problem, 5yrs, 10=t 9lbs (nil) (Kins) 1 T. Coffey s ch g Joev, 4yrs, 9st lOlbs (nil) (A. Smith) ~ -S. Nathan's ch g Fusilier, aged, list (nil) * (Floyd) "Wild Dog and Ronis also started. Betting—Even Fusilier, 3 to X Wild Bog. Wild Dog was first to make play with the favorite, -Joey and Lotus following, j Problem lying last. No change occurred ! until going along the back, where Ronis went to the front, attended by Wild Dog and Fusilier. By the abattoirs Louis had a length to the good, but suddenly turned ronnd and ran back, which left the favorite and Wild Dog with the lead. As they approached lhe home torn Joey and Problem joined issue, and before reaching the dis tance the race was over, as Problem was full of ninning, and was landed by 5 lengths fiom Joey, who was the same distance in advance of Fusilier. Time, 3m. 6£sec. Flat Race—A handicap of 5 sovs. each, with 150 added. For 2yrs old and up wards. One mile. C- Wilson's b m Gardenia, fiyrs, Tat 111b (O'Brien) — 1 H. Jennings' br b Duke of Athol, Cyrs, Tst 21b (T. Brown) — 2 W. E. Dakins ch h Qalntin Matsep, Cyrs, S*t 121b (P^wer) ... 3 Plausible, SUteor, The Ghost, Medea, Middlemarch, Bohemian, Kuiawa, Straight Shot. Sunny Days, Lesbla, Stafford, Kohai. Oakleigb, The King's Son, First Consul, and Menotti rl?o started. Betting—5 to 1 Bohemian, 6 to 1 The Ghost, T to 1 Qairttn Matsep, Lesbia, Stafford, Oakleigh and Dnke of Athol, S to 10 to 1 othere. After some Utile delay at the post the lot were despatched on even terms, Gardenia being first "on ber legs. Dnke of Athol followed and took up the running, attended by Medea, Straight Shot, Plausible, Resbla, The Ghost, and Bohemian, well together. The Duke led into the straight with Qaintin Matsep, who had come up fast, second. Once in the straight Gardenia was brought up on the outside with a tremendous rush and won a splendid race on the post by half a-head. Time, lmin. 42£see. 