i Tns Ro,val Xnlioiuil Lifeboat Institu tion has been in existence G2 years, dur ?ing which timo the nmmbor of lirca ?javed amounted to nearly 32,000. 1 Victorians, Jiew South Welshmen, i»nd South Anstralians still flockinR to the gol-lfield«. It ia only the c*nny West Australians who lianc fitc. The post of hanpman is popular in England. On the last occasion that it was vacant 1,200 candidates applied jfor the office, but only one was willing to do the work from pure love, and he a baronet ! ? An Unrehearsed Incident. — An unrehearsed incident of an extraordinary and exciting character (says the Chatham and Sochcester 06»eTtw);was enacted at the Lecture Hull, Chntham, a'c one of tho representations of ' Uncle Tom's Cabin.' One of (he principal and sensa tional scenes is that in which Elizu nnd her husbnn 1, in their fight for liberty, are tracked »nd pursued t,y ' real1 blood hounds. On the evening referred to one of the ' real' bloodhounds was decidedly too realistic in its part of the man buntcr, nhd instead of feicninc to attack one of the male characters; actually -apriing npon him and seizing the un fortunnte' actor by tho thigh, inflicted a very severe wuund, nor could the en ' raged animal be easily disongaged, and .n tha' struggle 'hat ensue. I the flesh of ;he bitten part w.isfmther torn nn'l ?.lacerated. Without delay a message ;\ras despatched fo'r medical aid, find the Jpoor fellow's wounds were carefully, ex amined and cauterised. Sinco this unfortunate occiinonce the Services of ?the bloi dhounds have ? be»-n ? dispensed pwith in ihis play. \ ' \ Is the middle of the night in the f month of Foliruary, fo«r middle-aged \ -women and two men — the latter inertly tto perform the mechanical portion of tho £.work, Ijowever, — ent-red the churchyard f of the Homan Catholic Cemetery at t Birmingham, and proceeded to disinter i- the remnins of a baautiful young womin, f '--vho liad been buried a iew days pre ? viously. They were not mere body ^ snateliers, bnl were acuiated ' by a t spiritual enthusiasm, which has so often i led others with m»re enlightenment imto [? grievous errors. The lid was forced off ; the coffin,- and then the object of' their h midnight task was revealed. The four fwoiiien — including the mother of the corpse — rapidly ran ihair fingers ; through the grave-clothes, and- then [.'wiih needle and thread the shroud [was peffn tip. Once rooie the lid was k fastened on, and — for the lust time, lfct ~ns hope — the coffin was lowered to its . proper resting place. The reason for : their lepnlsive task is as extraoi dinary [; as one can possible conceive. By what' ; may be tenneil a careless oversight, the rshiond had been pinned instead of sewn; and the women, being of a supcrstilious I nature, believed if the corpse was buried ; in that manner the' soul: — by what pro '.' C'S.- i« not explained: — would be confined L^to the grave for all eternity. One of the women claimed to have seen the ghost of the girl for three successive nights; and conceiving its appearance to be the result oi thepins, and unable to stand it any longer, she consulted her friends, and the result was their nocturnal ex pedition. ?'.??'????? A PUBLIC meeting was lield at the Town Hall last night says the Northern Standard, ui Saturday last^ for the pur pose cf showing the p;tition' prior jto its being forwarded £0 Brisbane, and ap proving of the action of the .council. The peiition, which measures with; the nui.aturcs C20 feet, is «:riiten in perfect cali^r-iphy oil parchment headed with the Briti.-b coat of arms sketched wiih pen and ink, the-introductory words and the initial words of each line being taste fully illuminated. It will be placed, in a hnnd-ujine casket made of cedar, with silky oak panels, maw.ive.ly bound,, with leather. straps, und haring brass handles let into eitl.er side. On the face is a silver faco tie ring' the inscription — ', The Hi{rht H. norable Her MnjestyV Principal .Seiirntary of State for the Colonies, Downing Stieet, London.' The easWet is the work of Mr.- W. T. Morris, and the petition of Mr. Weir, of the Government Geologist's office. The petition originally held 10,188 signatures; of thew; 247' have been i-rosed on account of their either being duplicated or being tho-e of femalci. Thw reduced the number to 983C, lut last niglit J 50 were received from Chai teru To«eris,'60 fr-m Burke, und 25 from Boss Ix'and, bijngin^' the total up to 10,071.: Afier the petition and casket liad been iniiryjctcd, Mr. Wirimo't, pr^6i dhit ot the Soiiti Quixunturnl .Se|miaiio^' Couitci1, took the chairand the 8-crefory ? gave a retunig of tlie ye-n'w work done by th-- council at the conclusion of which Alderman M'Kiernan in .red a rfDoluti' n approving of the JaWs of tlie council, And a£i ming the desirableness of the petition beiuf forwarded to its dmtina tion. The motion wa- S'-conded by Mr. Mflrehall, put to the mcitling, and carrii'd by acclamation. TIikjc hearty c\nim I were tl.on given for. thn BupHration Council, und the proceeding* terftiina ted. . ' 