®¿te wA 3Mât», S) DUNLEAP TOWER. (Chamberí' Journal J CHUTER II. The first thing I did, after giving Mrs Staveley my promise that I would at once begin my search for Catherine and not rest till I had found her, was to resign ray situation under the Railway Company. This I did without regret, as I bad previously made up my mind to try my fortune once again in one or other of the colonies As soon as I was relieved from my duties, 1 began to make cautious inquiries in the neigh bourhood of Isterby as to the direction presumably taken by Mr Rudyard on the evening of hu departure with his wife Some time elapsed before I could obtain the slightest clue to the information I was in search of, but when I once held the thread between my fingen, I was careful not to let it go again It is needless to detail by what means I succeeded in tracing the two people I was in search of step by step over the road they had gone, nor the labour and difficulty I experienced before my quest came to an end at a lone house among the fells and moors on the bleak Northumberland coast It was evening when I ended my search I slept that night at a village a couple of miles away, and before noon next day was in a very changed condition on my way to the house I doubt whether Catherine herself would have recognised me, had she chanced to encounter me as I left the inn In my younger and more prosperous days, I bad been an adept at amateur theatricals, and my ' make up ' on the present occasion was a study from life I « as a German Jew pedlar, Max Jacoby to wit, as the brasa lettered name on my mahogany box plainly told My beard and moustache were dyed black and trimmed in a foreign fashion , I had long tangled hair and a tawny complexion, I wore several flashy rings on my fingen, and a square box, well equipped with fancy articles, was sus pended over my shoulders by a strap I spoke good English, but with a foreign accent, and that amount of gesticulation m which foreigners usually indulged Such was the individual who tramped slowly up to the back entrance of Dunleap Tower and knocked boldly at the door It was opened by a rosy cheeked country lass ' We don t want any, she said before I could utter a word ' Ah, but you must see what I have got, pretty muís," I answered with a Birnie and a bow, My box was opened before she could close the door, and when once she caught Bight of the contents, she was in no hurry togo ' I have everything from hair pin? to cameo brooches Wedding rings, these, pretty miss Ah, here is one that would fit you beautifully i<et me just try it on -Ha, ha I what could be nicer ' And cheap, du t olieap And now let me fasten this broach on your dress-real cameo I will vow you never looked BO charming in your life Go into the house and see, go and ask your friends ; and remember everything is very cheap, most wonderfully cheap ' Blushing with pleasure she retired for a moment and then called * Sally ' Sally carne, a buxom, good tempered middle aged woman-the cook, I suppose ' Heart elive, what pretty things ' she exclaimed, clasping her hands in ecstasy I was still expatiating on the beauty and excellence of my wares, when a door at the buck of the kitchen »as suddenly opened, and Kudjaid entcicd the room, with his hands in his pockets and a cigar between his lips, followed by a, tall black haired young woman »horn I had never seen before 'Hillo! what's the row now*" he exclaimed, as the frightened servants fell back ' A pedlar, eh * Come uiy good fellow, you d better sheer off, we want none of your grimcackB here, and hark ye *? don t let me see your ugly phiz about these piemises again or my mastiff may want to try the flavour of your calves '* I fell back a few paces and made a little foreign bow, aud with & deprecato!y emile, held out Borne brooches towards his companion ' Ihe gentleman is pleasant this morning,'I said * He does not ask the lady whether she would like to glance at my cameos I have heie some very choice ones, direct from Rome -See ' Bacchus and Al ladne, \ enus riBing from the Sea All of splendid work maoBhip, and all wonderfully cheap ' ' Want any thing in that line, Margery'' Rudyard asked She gave a little Bcornful shrug and shook her head, but did not reply. She was a tall well-built young woman, with plenty of red in her cheeks to match the poppies in her bair with qiiiuk-glancing, suspicious eyes, shaded by thick black eyebrows, and with a mouth hard and cruel in all its outlines. She was dressed in thick rustling black silk, and «ore a profusion of coarse jewellery lavishly dis- played. ' Come now, my fine fellow,' said Rudyard with a grim smile ; ' you must make yourself scarce without more palaver.' "1 did not stir ; but opening a secret drawer at the bottom of my box, I took out of it a couple of Turkish daggers, curiously chased and having inlaid hath). I knew that if any- thing would attract Rudyard, they would. I remembered his weakness for curious pocket knives when a lad at school, and the bright little dagger he carried about him till the master, hearing of it, took it away. I held up the daggers without« word. His face lighted up the moment he saw them ; he hesitated an instant, as though ashamed of his weakness ; but the tempta- tion wes too strong, and the next moment he stepped forward irresolutely and took them in his bands to examine. 1 Poor, poor,' he said in a deprecatory tone Then : ' How much for the two ?' " Fifteen guiness.' " Fifteen thunderbolts i" "They are worth twenty-five, good BUT. They are unique. They were the favourite weapons of the late Ibrahim Pasha, and were manufactured expressly for him." ' Anyhow, they're not worth the price you ask.' ' The gentleman thinks not ? Well this is what I'll do : I will leave them with you unttl""to-morrow. You c»n examine them at your leisure, and put them to whatever tests you may think fit. In the morning, I will call again, and then you will count me out fifteen bright new sovereigns and fifteen ne«- shillings, and will tell me that you never got such a bargain in all your life." 'lou mealy mouthed rascal, 111 do nothing of the kind I' It was, however, finally agreed that I should leave the daggers, for having once fingered them, he could not bear to let them go Next morning, I trudged up to the house again carry ing « ith me a brace of pistols constructed on a principle which w as but juBt coming into \ ngue in those days although common enough no« Rudyard hod seen nothing like thein before, and was even more delighted than with the daggers Would I go « ith bim into the shooting gallery he asked, and explain that ' new dodge to him' \ ee, 1 would go with lum willingly, I replied So into the shooting gallery we «cut, which turned out to be the picture gallery at one period of the Hudjaid histor} but the «alls had been long ago denuded of every picture that would fetch a price, and nothing but a f<-w dingy family portraits remained, with faces «Inch a good scouring would have «ondcrfully improved l'udyaru was a tolerable shot, lint not equal to me m this respect, for I had had much practice while in the bush, and I beat lum without difficulty When the target was sufticientl-, riddled, be reached do«n the portrait of one of his grim old ancestors in ruff and doublet and set it up to be fired at I confess that _to me it seemed a terrible desecration to make a target of the Sue old cavalier , but when I protested, I got nothing for my pains but a declaration that he would treat the whole of the gallery in the same «ay By the time the old gentleman's head was nil but shot off luncheon was announced, to which meal Rudyard invited me. After it was over, we had some more shooting , and then wa adjourned to the billiard room, where we played game after game, till a cracked and doleful bell gave notice that dinner would be shortly served As with the shooting, so with tile billiards-Rudyard could not touch me , for I bad been a marker in Melbourne in my low water days, and had there made myaelf master of the game But neither with the pistols nor the cue did I more than just evince my superiority over him, beating his best shot, by a mere hairbreadth, and topping his highest score by a couple of points only, urging him forward with the expects tion that be only needed a little more practice to beat me easily ' Come along, Jacoby, and let us have a bit of dinner,' said Rudyard at last, flinging down the cue with an oath ' But my dresB, sir !" pleaded I with au expressive uplifting of my hands 'Never mind your di ess ! This is Liberty Hall, man I'm not going to dress for duiner, why need you ' And after dinner, we'll bave a bowl of punch and make a night of st, for I mean you to Bleep here One dnean t meet with such a pedlar as you every day We proceeded to the dining room, a lo« dingy apartment, poorly furnished and in a few minutes dinner was brought in, and with it entered the black haired young woman whom I had seen before, and whom Mr Rudyard, in his off hand way, no« introduced to me as his cousin and housekeeper. Miss Yimll. The dinner was plain audsubstautial and proceeded for some time in silence At length Rudyard broke out ' Are you out of sorts to day, Margery ? or are you sulky ' 'lam not Bulky , I have a headache,' she replied flashing a dangerous glance at him out of her black orbs " That's « eil in one sense, and bad in auoth You had better have a headache than be sulky Madge I don't like sulky people , and I don't like people who sit like ghosts over their dinner ' ' Really ! How humorous you arc to day and how excessively polite ' rejoined Mus Yavill, with a disdainful smile and a shrug. Dinner was scarcely over when she rose ' I'll co now, Martin- that is if you and this gentleman,' « ith a special emphasis on the word, ' will kindly excuse me She spoke with an unmistakcable sneer.this time. It is possible that Miss Yavill was not in the habit of dining with pedían, and resented my presence accordingly "Ain't she a handsome tiger cat' asked Rudyard, appealing to me ' Not w ithout claws, either -Go Margery, go, and my blessing go with you '' winking at me as he drained his glass ' And now for a bo« 1 of punch Draw up closer to the fire, Jacoby, and try oue of these Labanas, There nasa rude but hearty hospitality about this man winch seemed to be the sole good qualitj that had come down to him from a long line of open handed ancestors. I did my best to entertain Rudyard that j ev ening, and I succeeded I related to bim i scraps of adventure that had befallen me ' during my roving days, I sang to him , abo*, i alt, I prov ed myself agood listener « hen lie chose to favour me with some autobiographic reminiscences of a not very creditable character , and I drew him out by insidious questions to talk on those mattera, «ith which he was best acquainted Towards midnight he lose and lighted our candles ' Jacoby,' said Rudyard, laying a heavy hand on my shoulOet and looking in my face, with drunken gravit}, * you are a trump < I haven't spent euch a jolly day, I don't know when , for it's precious dull work living hcie with nobody but Madge to talk to or quand with , it becomes monotonous after a time } ou know So I don t mean to let you go in a hurry \ou muât promise ine that you 11 stay a fortnight at Dunleap, and not a da} less Speak, Bezonian, «bat say est thou * 'A fortnight, Mr Rudjard, is a long time, and what would Miss Yav ill Bay to such an arrangement ?' ' Diable ' I should like to see her object I'd soon twist her white neck for her' But isn't she handsome Jacoby 'Id marry her to morrow, only there happens to be a slight impediment in the way ' ' An impedinieut, Mr Rudyard . I though from what I have Been of you, that you wen. a man who w ould let no impediment stand m the way of a fixed purpose \\\ c looked steadily at each othei for a second or two, the conversation seemed to have suddenly sobered him ' king of pedlars '" he exclaimed, * I w lah I knew how far I could trust you But we w ill talk of this matter another day One question, and then good night \\\ hat would you do, Jacoby, if you had a wifo who was mad * My heart gave a great bound , this was the firet allusion to Catherine that had passed his lips Looking him fixedly m the eyes, I said ' I suppose I should do as other people do m such coses-shut her up, so that she could do no harm to herself or others ' ' Right j ou are, Jacoby 1 That's the thing Gentle confinement, mild restraint, no harshness, no cruelty Ay, ah, mad people should al» ays be shut u^.' He leered at me out of his druukeu eyes, pointed to the door oí my room, bade nie a rough good night and «as gone My bedroom was on the ground floor , and that, so far, was fortunate for the put pose I had in vie«. Its windows looked into the wilderness outside which was dignified with the name of garden I put out my light drew back the curtains, and sat down on the low window seat, and went over again in thought all that I had seen and heard during the day Mad t Catherine Was no more mad than I «as, and Rudyard knew it I had not forgotten what Mrs Staveley had told me -that, in the event of Catherine s death her husband would become possessed of the fifteen thousand pounds which she had bequeathed to him by will Here was at ouce a motive which, to such a man as Rudyard, Involved in debt as he was, would be almost irresistible for causing him to wish to get nd of her It was evidently a deep laid, v lllainous scheme on bis part to bring his wife to the lonely house, and immure her w ithin ita gloomy walls away from every one whom she knew, on the vile plea that she was mad To a woman of Catherine's tempratment, such treatment could only end in mildness that «ould be but too real, or in the more merciful alternative of death But with a fortnight before me, if Rudyard held in the morning to the invitation he had given me overnight it would go hard if I did not lind son e mode of releasing Catherine from the tyranny of this man .for that shewasshut up Borne« here under the roof of the old house I did not for one mement doubt Should Catherine die Dunleap Tower and Isterby Manor «ould not lie long without a fresh mistresB-BO much was evident to mc already When ever} sound in the house was hushed I softl} unfastened the casement and leaped dow n into the gai den , but the nit,ht was BO intensely dark, and I was so ignorant of the plan of the premises that I found it would be useless to attempt any exploring till morning , so I went back to bed and slept as best I could till day bleak, and then I started out on a journey of diseovci} before an} one else seemed to be stirring About fiv e hundred yards to the north of the house, which was a spacious, substantial, two storey ed building, dating from the time of tin. beton 1 James but w ithout any pre tensions to aiclutecttiral elegance, and on the summit of a steep slope, stood the object from vv Inch it denv ed its name-a gray, square time«oin to«er, keeping watch and «ard along the coast and ga/llig like a grim sent mci fir an ay acose the «lute manned waves of the h or til "lea It had beeu 01 igiuall} in tended-so I learnt afterwards -as a place of refuge during these turbulent but romantic tunes «hen raids and forays across the Uordei «ere matte» of frequent occurrence a place «here woman and children, and even cattle and sheep might find shelter and safety till the brief, fierce storm had burst and spent itself, or had swept across the moon m another direction. On a high hill only some mile or two away were the remains of a beacon, whence doubtless many . warning flash, in days gone by, had roused the country-side. What if this old tower should prove to be the prison of Catherine I The thought »ent a thrill through every nerve. From different parts of the garden terrace, two sides of the tower were more or less visible ; but In neither of them could I discern anything like a window, nothing but a few loopholes and a. low-browed door. The third side looked towards the moon, while a fourth fronted the sea, and both was consequently hidden from me. Suppose I were to approach the tower a little more closely and ascertain whether it was in reality anything more titan an uninhabited ruin ? On reaching the end of the garden, I found that the field, or rather a slice of moorland on which the tower stood was separated from it by a high stone wall, through which the only means of admission was by a small oaken wicket, now locked. I was trying to open it when a hand was laid on my shoulder, and & voice said in my ear : ' Do you particularly want to get to the other side of that door T If BO, hadn't you better ask for the key?' I turned with a start and looked at the speaker. He was a man about fifty years of age, with a keen foxy face, short sturdy white hair, and small blue- gray eyes, full of craft and determination. He was dressed like a gamekeeper and carnod a gun over his shoulder ; but it struck me at once that his language and bearing were superior to those of a mon in his apparent position. . Perhaps you would not mind obliging me with the key,' I said. ' I am desirous of examining that old tower.' ' Then I am afraid your desire will have to remain ungratified.' ' Are you aware that I am the guest of Mr. Rudyard ?" ' ' I am quite aware of the fact. 'Youare Mr. Max Jacoby, a travellingpedlar-- accord- ing to your own account. Yon dined With Mr Rudyard yesterday, and when you and he parted at midnight, lie gave you an invitation to stay a foriuight at the tower.' His keen eyes had taken me in from head to foot as he spoke. He certainly looked as if he had no belief in my statement that I was nothing but a pedlar. ' Your iaformatiou could scarcely /be more accurate,' I replied. ' And uow you will perhaps enlighten me with regard to your own name and position?' ' Willingly. My name ¡B Aaron Starke. , I am Mr. Kudyard's bailiff, steward gamekeep secretary, librarian, and general factotum in short, his Jack-of-all- trades, and master of none.' ' I am pleased to make your acquaintance Mr. Starke. And now, perhaps, you 'will kindly inform inc why the grounds on the other side of this wall are kept so especially private ?' ' Were you an ignorant clodhopper,' he replied, ' I should tell you that the ground round the old tower of which this wall is the boundary is haunted by evil spiritB-that it is said to have beeu the scene of more than one terrible crime, and that, if you do wish to be carried bodily away by Lucifer himself, yon hud better keep on this side the boundary. In such a case, such an explanation would suffice ; but to an intelligent individual like yourself, I can only say that it is one of Mr. kudyard's special whims-and if you ever como to know him better, you will find that he has many st i auge whims-that the toner and the ground round it shall be kept strictly private No stranger ever passes through thiB door When I have said as much as this to one of Mr Rudyard's guests, I bav e no doubt said Buffcient ' ' Quite sufficient,' I answered drily. ' I suppose I may take my moiuiug ramble ia any other direction without being looked upon as an inti uder .>' * With this exception, you may walk for miles without being interfered with.' We bade each good morning and separated. That Aaron Starke suspected nie of being something different from what I had re presented myself to be was evident both from Ins tone and manner I rcsolv ed to keep out of his way as much as possible during the remainder of my stay at Dunleap Tower I returned to the house for a small telescope « Inch I hod in ray box, and then set out for a long walk I took my way through the v lllaec, across the brook, and np a ravine that led to a locky spur of the hills, which at tins place shot out in the shape of a promontory for a considerable distance into the sea From the edge of the fourth side of the to« er must be more or less visible, and while conversing with Aaron Starke, I made up my miud to visit the spot After some rough «alking, I found myself close to the edge of the cliff It wasa lonely place and rarely visited except by shepherds « hen gathering in their flock ftom the up lands I lay do« u and pointed my glass at the tower 1 hence the whole oTTihe~tn1f!I side of the tower-that which faced the moola was plainly visible Like the t« o sides I hod seen from the gai den, it was loopholed but had no « indovr But on the fourth side « hich faced the sea, I could oleacly discern the outlines of a square window, although even from my 'coign of vantage,' I «as only able to obtain a side view of it I waited patiently for more thau an hour, keepmg my glass fixed constantly ou the window. At tbe end of that timo I saw the casement opened and a vv hite hand stretched out for a. moment to fasten it back Catherine was tueie ' (To be continued ) _ 