TBE SBORr STOlTi. (The Saturday Btviac.) The revival of the short story, which we have from tune to tune foreshadowed, has made remarkable progress during the last few years. Not only among the numerous followers of the late Hugh Conway, but also with the acknowledged leaders in contemporary fiction has the movement received favour, ttnu iu* tmucvaa nob uouuuess stimulated a recent controversy on the respective merits of novels in three volumes and in one. That, indeed, is an extraneous matter, a mere question of compression, or, at the most, of the proportional re presentation of dialogue, description and action, and the elimination of the grosser elements of surplusage. Three volumes have a greater circulating power than one, and may even suffice to stay the appetites of three readers at one and the same hour. Unfortunately there are fast readers and slow, and it has happened to the forlorn wight stranded at some minor watering-place, whose limited literature is confined to a well-abused library, to wish very heartily that the second and third volumes for which he longs had been included in the tirst he has too eagerly consumed The short story is a speciality in fiction. It has its own proper sphere, its peculiar organic con stituents, its distinct individuality. It has also an august if not venerable past; its old masters, who, if not precisely antique, are worthy of reverence. The art of writing short stories possesses a history that dates from very remote ages, though the short story proper, the epitome of the three volume form, is a modern manifesta tion. In America there are not a few professors of the art who may justly claim a. legitimate succession to Haw thorne, to Poe, to Fitzjames O'Brien, and other worthies. Before the happy prime of Hawthorne the vogue in fiction showed a sturdy preference for the novel of many volumes ; similarly in England during tbe last century the three volumes of large type and more than verge enough, of these degenerate days, were totally eclipsed by the proportions of 'Clarissa' and 'Tom Jones.' The fashion prevailed through the first quar ter of the present century, here and in America. In American literature the masterly and very diffuse romances of Brockden Brown are a typical example. By no process of alchemy could ' Wie Iand ' or ' Edgar Huntley ' be resolved into the elements or confined within the crystalline sphere of the short story ; any such attempt would result in no increase of lucidity or any ap proach to perfected form, but would enshroud the labyrinthine yet strictly logical plan in primeval rlarlmfiss, and resolve the elaborate edifice into utter chaos. It were not less hopeless to reduce to a thumbnail chart every topo graphical feature of New York State, as every reader of Edgar Huntley will readily admit who apprehends the true significance of Brockden Brown's ex treme circumlocution of narrative. There are, on the other hand, short stories that actually suggest amplifi cation of structure and enlargement of base ; but these are not the product of the deft craftsman, the perfect Bower of the art. The present recrudescence of the short story has been vitally helped by the suc cessful efforts of Mr. \V. F. Tillotson, of the Boston Evening Xewt, through whosp. TO-rftpv*»Ti«\pp+.hc» trrsinw frf c nstnm and the natural scruples of eminent novelists have been vanquished. In accordance with Mr. Tillotson 's ingenious scheme many short novels by popular English authors have lately appeared in a number of newspapers in this country, in America, and in the Australian colo nies, and have enjoyed a circulation not less extensive than stimulating. Their simultaneous publication by so popular a medium must yield most pleasing sen sations to their authors. It affords a quick and electric girdle of sympathy, and a sense of conquest and empire that enthralls the imagination. Mr Tillotson is to be congratulated that among his converts are Mr. William Black, and Sir. Hardy, Jtr. Willrie Collins and Miss Braddon, Mrs. Oli phant and ' Ouida.' These and other popular authors have embraced the simple faith of the short story and the large circulation. They have discovered with Ben Jonson the just beauty that lies in small proportions, and are persuaded that in short measures fiction may perfect be. Their wares are vended in the remotest marts of t)ip antipodean world, their influence acquires new power and increased pulse, no longer confined to the centres of civilisation or the limited areas of rail way and postal enterprise. The magic of their art thrills along tbe far and fearless track of the pioneer, and gains dominion wherever the light and spritely newspaper outwings the heavier A:_Li. _* 1 ? ~1— IPI. ? t_;l ? *; ? pect should mitigate in some sort the bitterness o£ defective copyright laws. It must be candidly admitted, however, and after due inspection of several samples of their skill, that not all of these eminent novelists have as yet produced irreproachable examples of the short story. Miss Braddons Cut by the County, for instance, is a short novel that might with very slight typographical artifice be presented in two or more volumes. It is not con structed on the lines of the ' Tales from Blackwood,' several of which attain to the highest artistic form the short story has developed in modern times. Mr. Wilkie Collins approaches the ideal nearer in ' The Ghost's Touch ; ' so does Mr. Hardy's 'A Mere Interlude,' de spite the opposition to the ideal im plied by the title. Perhaps the old romancing band, like the old Parlia mentary hand, finds it a little hard to make a new departure, and feels the inflexibility of habit a hindrance to the spirit, a very assertive Old Adam, to be wrestled with sorely before the new order can replace the old. Certain it is, ?whateverbe the cause, tbattheshort story, so far as it concerns many of our foremost writers, is now upon its trial, and the period of probation and experiment may be prolonged. With the baud of younger men who have made it a speciality the matter is quite otherwise. They have not become hardened by a long and suc cessful practice in the orthodox form of fiction. \ et not a few recent examples may be cited that do grievous wronc to the spirit of the short story, particu larly in the matter of narrative. Whether the story deals with melo drama, or the actual, or the fantastic, it not uncommonly plunges at the outset into the midst of things, starts with some thing of a. climax, or startler the reader with a strong situation, the sources of which are left in unrevealed obscurity. It defies the first principle of narra tive in having no beginning. If it should not open with a situation designed to arrest the attention and compel interest by its very abruptness, its course is sometimes so inordinately that the denouement is hurried and ill considered^ as if the writer had incon tinently filled his allotted space and were forced to an inartistic ending. It is in the art of narrative by which the illusion of oral delivery is preserved in those cases where the story- teller speaks in propria persona that the skill of past masters of the art is most potently dis played. And this is a matter that is somewhat neglected just now in the interests of pure sensation. 