! ECHOES AND RE-ECHOES. LUNATIC LYRICS. SECOND SERIES. Bv Mmcii Hire. No. IS, THE CBONE OF CBANFOBD CHASE. Twonld make the boldest bold his breath, And-the stoniest courage flag, To meet upon a blasted heath An awesome witch or hateful hag. Yet often timid maids and meek,. With faltering feet and blanching face, At dnsky twilight hour would seek The crooked Crone of Cmnford Chase.; With high-booked nose and parchment skin, And wrinkled lips o'er toothless gams, A long, sharp-pointed, horn-like chin. Ana on each hand two honey thumbs. With round, bent back, and nodding head, And bold black eyes that baleful shone, And wizened hands that claw-like spread, There tame to life yon have the Crone. One antumn eve across the moor, To read the secret book of Fate, There came onto the Crone's low door, The young and lovely Lady Kate. " Mow tell me. Crone, whom I shall wed." The Crone the maiden's face regards, Then grimly grins and wags her head. And" cats" her thumb-soiled pack of cards. " I see a man, tall, stont, and dark," Twas thus the crooked Crone began, "He holds a wedding-ring—and, hark I He is an E—thi—o—pi—an!" The Lady Kate gave several screams, And fled in wild disorder home; But ever after in her dreams That ebon negro face would come. A year went by; from Afric's shore There came a noble native Prince; None snch had England seen before. Scores snch has England welcomed since. His name was Caesar—so they told; He met at dinner Lady Kate, And like the one in days of old, He came, be saw, he conquered straight. "I love thee, oh, my Prince, 'tis true, But I can ne'er be thine, alack! The blood within my veins is blue Blue blood can never wed with black. If thou could'st only change thy skin I— And surely there should he some olan— If thou thy lady's hand wonld'st win, Do it, oh, E-thi-o-pi-an 1" The negro prince with anxious haste Next morning sought the crooked Crone, A .belt of gold around his waist, As fee for what he wanted done. " Can the Ethiopian change his skin 7" Replied the Crone, " Of course he can ; Wain in, great Ctcsar, pray walk in, I'll bleach you, E-thi-o-pl-an!" She boiled him in her cauldron vast, First swathing him in tinctured lint, And when some three brief bonrs were past. He turned a sweet Albino tint. And see him now, a white-wasbed man. To Lady Kate exultant go, Mo more an E-tht-o-pi-an— Transformed into an Al-bi-no. " Avannt, avaunt!" cried Lady Kate, " Thon pallid prince, thou ghastly ghost. Avaunt, go take thy passage straight, And get thee back to Afric's coast. Thy huelesB skin like half-cooked cake Doth ill with negroid features go. Turn blank again, for Heaven's sake 1 1 cannot wed an Al-bi-no !" "Cosh, lil' gal, yon'm hard to please; Me wash 'am, bile 'urn, change 'urn ekin, Cmsar don' like 'um tlicks like dese, To tell'm go wash 'am black agin. Ciesar all same white gennlemun now; Can't nebber turn black no more, ill' gaL Come 'long. Miss Kate, don' make such row ; Here, take Tun, dis dimon' 'n pearl fal-lal." " Too late, too late, it cannot be 1" The Crone's harsh, jarring laugh was heard. " He has changed his skin,lie's white, yon see, So wed the man and keep your word. And the Lady Kate said—" Have your way. Though I ne'er can love your par-boiled face." And their piebald progeny often play Round the crooked Crone of Cranford Chase. A Chinese cook was employed some time ago to proceed to a sheep station in the North. On John's arrival at the scene ef his labours he found that in addition to cooking he was supposed to milk the cows, feed the calves and pigs, and do several Jobs quite out oi bis line, and was utterly bewildered, being afraid to go within 20 feet of a cow, and positively could not do the work. So he went to his employer complaining that he no savee makee milk the cow and feedee pig, adding that if he liked he would cook 'em all if Engliseemau first time kill 'em, but aa he no 'gage to do any more than cookee he was not going to let the cow cookee him with her foot, but if the boss would engage another cook he was willing to engage as housemaid. Scene, up-country store; enter. Native. Storekeeper—" Well, Billy, what do you want?" " Native—Me not Billy, me Jack-the liar." Storekeeper—" Well, thatis not a name to be proud of, I'd rather be called Billy." Native—"No fear me that wot tkey call Billy goat." Storekeeper—" Well, Jack, what is your business." Jack—" Oh, I am a colt breaker," Storekeeper—" Sou don't under stand me. I mean, what do you want." Jack (with a grin)—"I want a bottle of wine." Storekeeper—" Oh, I can't sell you wine," Jack—"Dash it all, then, can't ye sell us a box o' lucifers for two bob and let ub smuggle a bottle of wine," Storekeeper— " No, no; this is not a sly grog-shop. Clear out." Jack cleared. 