CAULFIELD TRAINING NOTES. (By Telegraph.) Melbourne, October 14 A strong wind was blowing this morning but notwithstanding there was a large muster of [?] on the course to witness the final gallops of the Cap horese. An early start was njade. It was ruinured that the westeru dUtiict horbefi, Jim Cain and Little J.ihu galloped in <xmp&ny; over the Cup distance at daybreak, and that the latter had his younger brother in difficulties at the finish. Kenneth wt nt lotg flow work. Ben Bolt started < >tf for a mile gallop, Chucksler a&aUtuur; the Cup candidate for the first part of the distance, aud Warheld the last half-mile. Ben Ult is rather a h'/y cudt<>inc-r in wmk, au.l re quites a gnat deal of udiii^. Ti.e tuue occupied was fair. Western alou^ a n-ile with Lady Afhton. Tne Luftr circltd a couple of toundd, doing good strong work. Bonnie Lad and his cUbic ccupanion brushed along the sand. Luuisi Btrta wse given a good useful pip<eopen-r. Highland Chief travelled a rouad on ttie grae.-, tlx* Derby candidate Blondin bmigia b r him along the hut mile. Canuu-von and Ketoit finished a useful round on the sand. X Jiagton and Toronto put in useful work on th? erajs. The former looks and goes well. Crown Brand ?st sent eight or rune furlongs at a gojd stiidiEgpace, LandSharkdoinggood useful work ontheeacd. Ciicket aud Vtttenu nerformeil .satitfactoiy work on the tan. Tue Tasmania pair, Clarendon and Vouig Horatio, traversed a round on the grass; the latter, who had a good ttait of his companion, tiuisliing iv fiout. Silvcininie was the next to take pot->e?siou of the grass, and wje dis patched for a good serviceable working gallop. Starting trom the half mile po^t of the course proper in company with Bonnie Doon and the Chanter. Le rattli d along until six fur loi'ga from hoii c was reached, wiien the latter jiair were er?>cd, atd Sirocco finished with the Cup candidate, who cou.pleted the fastest round of tie morning, pulling up fresh as |<aiut. Zct.o ii.o\>d along the gr^ss doing useful exuebe. lie set ms tj have done a lot of work. Kpicurtan, uho ia furoirhiig in?j a nice horse, liad liia Mia for ac jnip.ui ? for four furlongs. GoccUyuou", ttag, aud M stake, did healthy ext-rcice, ynd Rewirjster traveised nim fur loii^r- at a go- d pace, having Little Jim for a companion for the fi.^t four furloiurs, audCaa butuei daring the latter pait of the journey. The son of Kewniaster went very strong. GiecuJat acd Vrius were given au extender en the grat?, and Waiter, Norman, and Victor worked on the tan. St. Albert boivied along tfci- grass, aud Uccas pottered along the sand, Carnival and Kectaiine 'running a sharp five furlongs. Bohemian,' looking fresh and well, put in two strong rounds on ttie tan. Berkley and Cad land slipped over five furlongs in fair time. Footman, Alb&nus;, and First Pop were separately treated to stroDgr work on the tan. MiUatream and Grace Darling completed a circle of useful work; the former was a bit fractious. The Ghost and Gadfly ran a merry six fuilongs, the former showing to advantage at the finifih. Mustang covered six furlongs in good etjle. Moonlight strode along on the tan. The King brushed along on the tan, aud Gleuworth and Lady Lovol tan ?martly hoaie bom the four furlong j)-:wt. 