HAWKESBURY AUTUMN MEETING. TUE sr-cor.d day, Saturdny, was, RB far as y l'ailier was conctrned, ali that could be cesSrcd-it wai simply splendid. Still, tilings were very tame-even before the sad accident occurred which put an end to poor young F'annsgan's existence. The atten. dance of locals was very poor indeed ; each tneeting seems to get worse in this respect why, we don't know-unless it be that there is really no amusement provided, excep what is piovided by a gang of sharpers. It has been said, over and over again, that only for Sydney men-who really did roll up well, even though many of them »eta very questionable characters-there would be no raoea; and if the quettiouable characters aforesaid make money it must be out of each other, for there are so few locals on the ground-and these few quite keen enough to look after themselves. Taken altogether, Sotorday was a great improvement on Thurs day-which even the hyper fastidious ink slinger who represents the Herald, was con. defending enough to admit-albeit, Host Douglas' luncheon wis only "an improvement on the e/ori of the opening day," and " the 3rd Regiment Band from Richmond, droned dismally at intervals." It is pleasing to hear from fl'ich an excellent authority, that these instrumental drones ("the cusses) are from Richmond-including our own Tout and Gallaher. But then, bow could it be ex pected that a mere local band could please such a correct taste as a Sydney sporting re porter ? Neither could it be expected that such a full blown dignitary-having the en tree of the paddock, Press Stand and lun cheon, would notice such plebian affairs as Hosts Kelly's, Carroll's or Cobcroft'« bars all of which, were faiily patronised, as also, were the luncheon tables, which were ex ceedingly well provided in every respect. We don't know whether tbe Club Committee or Mr. Secretary have musical ears : if not, it it a pity, for the deficiency has been the means of causing a j sr, upon the fine strung nerves of our hippo-harmoniut brother of the Fourth Estate. Anyhow, it occurred to our uncultivated taste that the band played " Sec-Saw" and other favourite waltzes and marches very much better than most of the imported] bands we have heard at the Hawkesbury Meetings, and what is more, they did not spare themselves, but played often. As regards the ground itself, it looked first-rate ; we don't know that we ever saw it look better- and it reflects credit upon the person in charge. The trees are just now getting umbrageous, and the earth around them had just been loosened acá the borders nicely trimmed ; moreover, the green swards had a very clean appearance, at if hands had been very busy raking up every bit of rub bish and litter. Of course, the Bookmakers howled away (their's is the kind of music preferred by the Herald man, no doubt) as usual, and the purse manipulators, three card gentry and prick the garter noblemen were all in full swing-though really, it occuried tn ns that there wat much more money lott and won by buttoner! than by anybody else. . Mr. Andrew Loder was Judge-at he had "been on Thursday-I* the absence of Mr. Town. The first race, Shotts Handicap, opened most inauspiciously, for just after the .tart Crystal run with terrific force against the five furlong pott, and Flannagan, her rider, was thrown so violently that hi* neck was broken. The riderless filly came up the straight in the rear, while the poor lad remained at he fell, immovable, until Dr. Callaghan arrived to pronounce him dead his neck was broke, right leg, and left arm also; with» terrible gash in the »kuli and other injuries about bia mouth. The body was at once conveyed to Windsor Hospital. The events were as follows : - Shorts Handicap-Cairo I, Stafford 2, Speculation 3. Selling Plate-Leichardt i, Hoodwink 2, Alma S. Autumn Handicap-Lancer 1, Bonnie Bee S, Cerise and Blue 3. Disposal Plate-Arista 1, Bourke 2, College Boy 3. lu this race Rebus and Stafford bolted ; the former galloped a spin of three miles and Stafford a mile and a half, before they were brought up to the start. Sportsman's Handicap-Rapid 1, Dago bert 2, Pet Giri S. Tm IKIJUESTS.-Inquests were held by the District Coroner, Mr. J. B. Johnston, J.P., on Saturday, on the bodies of W. H. Carter and William Flannagan-on the firsl nnmed at 10 o'clock, and at 5 upon the latter, i Carter was thrown in the Hurdle Race on Thursday, and died in the Windsor Hospital on Friday evening, from the severe injuries ! he received. The evidence given by George Woodgate and George Wood showed that the deceased was riding a horse named Cymbal, when it struck the hurdle and fell, and before deceased could crawl out of the way, another horse, Parade, fell on top of him. Cymbal is the property of Mr. E. Terry of Ryde, and deceased had ridden him twice before, and wai a well-known steeplechase and hurdle race rider. Dr. Hosier also gave evidence ; he had made a post mortem examination and the injuries from which deceased died were internal-the result of being crushed by the horse fulling on him. The verdict of the jury was " That the deoeased, W. H. Carter, cameby his death through being accidently injured on the Hawkesbury Racecourse, on the lSth April, 1886, through running in a hurdle race." The principal witness in the case of Flannagan was Joseph Kean, of Surry Hills, Sydney, wbo was starter at the races on Saturday. Just after starting the horses in the Shorts Handicap he got into the buggy which was waiting for him «nd upon turning round ssw Crystal, the horse, deceased was riding, swerve, come in contact with a post and fall, hut he did not see how the deceased was killed ; when he got up t" the pla'cc found deceased dead. A policeman came up and a doctor arrived shortly after ?waifls. He knew of nobody else who saw the occurrence. Dr, Callaghan, who arrived on the spot where the accident occurred a, few minutes after, described the nature ot the in? juries. Deceased was dead when he arrived! death mutt have been instantaneous j gave instructions fot the body to be I laced in the ambulance stretcher and taken to the Wind sor Hospital ; be saw nobody standing near the pince where the horse fell. Senior-Con Stahle. McKee ie y ulta gave evidence as to having heard from Constable McMahon ivli.it had occurred ; he reported tbe matter to (Superintendent Ryland, who was on thc Racecourse ; nnd acing upon instructions 1 reffiTcd from Suiipr-Sergcant 1* itznatrick, be bad the bo ly conveyed io the Windsor Hospital, «here he handed it to Mr. How. kv, the Superintendent of the Inttitutinn. He produced a «addle, s pair of booti, silk jacket and cap ; also three one pound no-es, a gold ring, in which was a diamond und other stones, and a smafi key, which he took from deceased's person itt the presence of Mr. Howley. He knew nothing further of the case, nor whether deceased had any other property. Brickwood Culley, a professional jockey, recognised the deceased as William Flannagan, whom he had known for some time. They came together from Mr. Long's stables at Chipping- Norton ; the horse de ceased wat riding when he fell, was named Crystal, and owned by the Hon. J. Eales. The verdict of the jury was " That William Flannagan, died en the 17th April, 1886, on the Hawkesbury Racecourse ; that the cause of his death was the horse he was riding tail ing accidentally." TUE FUNERALS.-The bodies ol the two jockies were buried on Sunday. Flannagan in the Roman Catholic Cemetery and Carter in the Chuich of England ground. At the former a very large gathering of townsmen, jockies and others engaged in racing putsuits, assembled at the Benevolent Asylum, at 3 p.m., where the undertaker, Mr. T. Primrose, was waiting with the hearse. The bodies of both had been laid out and dressed very nicely, and everything seemed to have been done to carry nut the funeral in as public a manner a« possible. As we have said, Flan nagan^ funeral wat first, and there were esr tainly not le.s than three hundred followers left the Asylum gates-following immediately behind the hearse we noticed Mr. J. Mona ghan and Mr. Pearc, B. Colley and quite a long string of jockies; then came townsmen of every degree, The pall-bearers were Mr. W. Gosper J.P., Mr. G. Bushell fboih members of the Club Committee), Mr. C. S. Guest (Secretary H.R. Club), and his assis tant, Mr. F. W. Linsley, Mr. W. Reid and Mr. J. J. Fitzpatrick. The procession was met at the Cemetery by the Rev. Father Mayes, who performed the burial rites of the church. The coffin wa« covered with a pro fusion of floral wreaths-mostly of white chrysanthemums, supplied by young ladies in town j and the mournful) trappings gener ally used on these occasions were dressed in white, A smart shower fell during the ser vice at the grate, but as the sun shone brightly-it seemed rather a bright omen, and did not tn the least disturb the large gath« ring, «rho stood bareheaded round the grave of the unfortunate young fellow who was being interred in a strange place, far away from friends and home. At b o'clotk, many of the tame followers again met at the Asylum to perform a simil tr sad offici for poor Carter. In this instance, Mr. T. Col. lison was the undertaker, and here again the coffin was fairly covered with very beautiful wreaths and crosses of white chrysanthe mums. The same gentlemen acted as pall-bearers; and by this time many other persons were able to attend who could not do so at the earlier hour, and if anything, the number wat even greater than at the first funeral. Unfortunately, some delay tonk place at St. Matthew's Cemetery.^ for the Rev. A. R. Blacket had not arrived from Riverstone. There were a large number of persons con gregated in the churchyard, and it may be safely estimated that there were fully 600 present when the coffin was b irue from the church te the grave, which is situated in a very nice part of the cemetery. There was a dense crowd round the grave, and when the rev, the Incumbent began a short address there was quite a closing in to hear hi« words. By the time the Service was con cluded it wat near dark, and people walked home in email groups discussing the sad events of the past two days. It should be cnr.solinz to the friends of these two poor fellows, thus cut off in their prime, to know1 that everything that could be done was done to give them respectable buria1. Every care was taken by gentlemen connected with the Club that everything should be eatried out iu accordance with the wishes of Messrs, E. Terry and W. Lon«, who paid the funer xl expenses. Mr. W. Gosper was most ener getic in superintending all atrangements, and getting a good muster of jockies together to follow their old acquaintances to their last resting place. B. Culley, we may say, was principal mourner, «nd it was he who ptared the wreaths upon the graves when the earth was mounded up. Several comments were made upon the fact that not one Victorian jockey was {»rest nt at the funeral ; and, also, that some ol the leading riders of our own oolony were not present-although they had ridden in the races on Stturday. W. H. Carter was a native of B-isbaae. and had been for some time in Mr. Monaghan's ser vice a» foreman of bis stables; and this gentleman speaks highly nf him, both in re spect of character and ubi! itv, and feels his loss keenly. He was only 26 years of age, and wat considered on« nf the bett steeple chase riders in the co thi-rn colony. William Flunnagan was a native of Victoria, and was lent by Mr, Alick Davies, the celebrated trainer of Melbourne, to the Hon. W. Long, who had employed him at his »lobbs at Chipping-Norton, ne.r Liverpool, and cime from there with B. Colley to ride at the Hawkesbury Meeting, His effects were taken charge of by Mr, Gosper, who for warded them by Colley to Mr. Long for fur. ther disposal. These accidents are the first that baye ended fatally on the Hawkesbury Course-and the two coming so dote to gether seemed to come with most crushing effect upon the meeting, which ended at gloomy and «ad as race-meeting ever ended. Things cannot be undone, however, and. the way in which the last tad offices were parried out on Sunday must always be remembered with keen satisfaction by racing men «rho re side in our dittriot, HOLLOWAY'S PILLS.--Though good health is preferable to high honour, how regardless people often are of the former-hoir covetous of thu latter ! Many suffer their strength to drain away ere maturity is reached, through ignorance of the facility afforded by these incomparable Pills of checking the first untoward, symptoms of derangement, and reinstating order without interfering ia the least with their pleasure or pursuits. To the young especially it is important to main tain the bigest digestive efficiency, without which the growth \s stunted, the muscles become \ax, the frame feeble, and the mind slothful. The repioyal of indigestion by those Fills is so easy that none save the most thoughtless would permit it to sap tbs spriugs of Ijifs. . " BOILING WATEB !"-This was tho sub-, ject of a sermon preached m the Wesleyan Church, ou Sunday last, by the Uer. J. S.: Austin, Tho Tor. gentleman toole his test from Isaiah 64th chap., 2nd verse, " As when the melting fire burneth, the ore caoseth tbe waters to boiL to make thy; name known to thy adversaries, that the j nations may tremble al thy presence " Mr. Austin made his disoourse very interesting! by his method of treatment-which ia what many preachers cannot do; they flounder along in a perfect slough of cant phrases, which have not the slightest connection with each other, and are as foreign to tho text as are some of the very far-fetched ideas of certain Salvationers to salvation itself. The preacher very soon acquainted hiß congregation with the nature of his simile, and revealed to them what hot water had to do with religion. It was simply a comparison-made to show that the work : of the church, or church members, had to undergo muoh the same process as water before it became steam. To boil water meant to release it from impurity ; and he showed that members of the several Chris- ! tian churches wanted to boil a very great deal before they arrived at anything like what they ought to be. He reminded them of Christ's injunction to go forth to all the world, and preach the Gospel to the heathen -which the speaker seemed to emphasise, so much so that one thought it was a very straight hit at those misguided persons who don't believe in converting black heathen at the expense of poor white heathen. However, he contended that the Christian Church hod not advanced in proportion with worldly affairs, or with the increase of population. There were still many thous ands of beings who had not heard of Christ, and who still bowed the knee to idols of wood and stone-more, in fact, than those who worshipped Jesus. That the church (Wesleyan Church) had not done its work was clear ; the members had not increased in the ratio they should have done, and neither had their church worshippers. The rev. gentleman went into figures to show that though the population had increased in these colonies during the last ten years at the rate of 10 per cent., the church mem bets would have to increase fully 100 per cent, for the next ten years to put -them selves in a relative position with the popu lation. He asked, " How had they ad vanced locally? Had they made the progress they ought to have done as a Christian body, during the last ten years Ï Were there, that morning, in all the churches in Windsor, a fair proportion of the inhabitants of the town ?" The preacher did not answer theBe questions himself, but his manner indicated that the audience could, if they liked, answer ia the negative. Here it was, the preacher said, the people wanted stirring up spiritually ; the water made to boil, so to speak, hy the Spirit of the Holy Ghost. And where were they to get the fire ? As John Wesley and his col leagues did at Oxford-by steadfast prayer. The rev. gentleman concluded by «tating that there were symptoms of a break in the horizon; there was light a-head, and ere long there would be a great uprousing from slumber; the purifying fire of the Holy Ghost woull make the water boil if there was steadfast application in prayer. Why do Americm ri ip Ritters cure sn much! Because they give good digestion, rich blood, and healthy action of all the organs. CIVIL SERVICE EXAUIKATIOH.-We notiee that two of the Windsor Gr.imnnr School buys were successful in the Civil Service Examination held on the 5'h instant, viz : Misters C Hughes and John McBride. These were the on'y two from thc district. THE DEBATING CLUB.-Tbe deb tte on the National Irrigation Scheme was resumed on Monday night, after a discussion on a motion for adjournment, which took up much of the time which should have been devoted tn the question. Mr. McD maid tonk up the ! cue end made a very fair speech--quoting j largely from authorities to show the feasibility j of the scheme. Mr. Walker fallowed for the Opposition in hie usual quiet,convincing way j -the chief and strongest point berna the suspension of railway construction which he condemned-though approving of irrigation. Mr. Gcehan argued in favour nf the scheme ; we did not wont lo go far away for proof, he said, that might he found in our own district. Mr. Holland contended that the Government j ha I introduced nothing debatable j every- j body believed tn irrigation, but he objected to the suspension of railway const uetion, and the great oott of the work ai proposed j by the Government. Ile proceeded to read a screed from the Herald- a funny sketch by ! one P. Doolan, to sHowthat the Givernment j Irrigation Scheme va« Ike bhciinsr up Port Jackson-as proposed hy the Protection ists, and Trades Unionist*; hut was ruled out of order as it was u>t n scientific p iper heir ing on the question under discussion. Mr. McMahon mide a neat Üt'le specr'.i in sup« port nf the Government and the Premier ! (Mr. Perry) followed in a very forcible and j elaborate peroration. Mr. Holland wished j to divide upon the question; others wished to adj turn the debate, while the Ministry wished to argue the question out. Finally, Mr. Holland moved the adjournment of the House and another long discussion ensued in whioh several members took part; and upon a division being take» tbe motion was defeated. Mr, Johnson replied at (.orne leniMh, and up on the question Wing put, Mr, Deputy Speaker Evans, deolded that " the Ayes have it." CoLLIESY ArCIDBHT AT LlTHOOW,-An explosion tonk place at the Lithgow Vale colliery on Monday afternoon, by which five married men lost their lives. Thirteen men were in the pit at the time, engaged in extin guishing the fire which had been raging in the mine since the former explosion some weeks ago, The poor fellows we« fully half-a>mile from the mouth of the tunnel, and owing to some hesitation on the part nf tbe engine-man drawing out the skip», they were suffocated by choke-damp be fore they could reach the fre*h air. Sevetjal of the survivors ure much in jured by being dragged along over the rpi lets when the skips were started. Lithgow is certainty unfortunate of late ; for before one disaster is well over another follows quickly. A most searching investigation will he made tts to the cause of the explosion, and if there ba« been neglect on th? pm of the proprietors it is hoped an example will be made. The naen who have escaped, declare that their work in the mine was voluntarily ; there was no compulsion and they make na complaint against tjhe nwnafcr. AMDSEHEST«.--There will be no dearth of amusement during the Easter holidays. An tvouuceniîiits of tea.meetings, excursions, concerts, balls, and tbe deuce knows what, meet the eye nn f very wall and post. Mr. Barden, v.c believe, runs the "Bi. Alban'*" down ti the Cnio on Mon lay, where there »ill bb a tea- meeting held ; there will be a regatta at Wilberforcei an excursión down to Costa I by the " Charley"; tra meeting at thc Union Church, Freeman's Keach ; Wesleyan Sunday-school Au ni vers try "at Richmond on Sunday ; concert, by certain " leading stars " from Sydney, in the School of Arts, on Saturday night ; dramatic enter tainment, by looa! constellations, at River stone on the same evening-and both are to bi itt a-'d of the Win Isor Hospital ; German ball at Riverstone on Monday night, and a big temperance soiree-or something- at Ben Wo ide' new Temperance Hall on the same evening. Besides all these, there viii be the big attraction of the Camp at the National P.irk-where all our bold soldier laddie* will match and counter-march and smell " villainous saltpetre " for six days. Let us hope that everybody will enjoy them selves-each lu their own way, and return to their labours like so many giants refreshed. £500 will be paid for any case that Ameri can ?<).'« Hop Hitters will not cure or help. Doubt it. See. CaooHS -late B mk Manager at Adelaide, sentenced to 8 years hard libour. Wilson, the Accountant, to six years. PARLIAMENT. - Duties on Asricultural Produce.-Mr. W. Clarke, member for Orange; moved iu the Assembly on Wed nesday night-" That the following specific duties should be imposed : G ain and pulse nf all kinds, not otherwise charged, 6d per bushel ; beans, peas, barley, and oats, 4d per bushel ; hay and chaff, 6d per cwt. ; flour and meal, 20a. per ton ; bran, pollard, and sharps, 2d per bushel ; potatoes, tOs per ton." Sir Patrick Jennings opposed the motion, as also did Messrs. Burns and R. B. Wilkinson ; while Messrs. O'Sullivan, See, Hayes, and Kidd supported. The debate now stands adjourned until Wednesday next, on the motion of Sir Henry Parkes, who will certainly oppose the motion. No GAS.-The reply of the Minister for Works to Mr. Hugh Taylor (the member for Windsor !) on Tuesday night, in regard to supplying gas to Windsor railway station was "That as there was only one train arriving at Windsor after night- fall, and as the fittings, etc., would cost £90, aud the annual outlay for gas three times the pres ent cost of oil lamps, it was not considered justifiable to incur the expense." This is funny. Ninety pounds for fittings ! Te gods ! the gentleman who asked for such an elaborate estimate as that must have had the most luxuri ms chandeliers in view ; and as for oil lamps being more economical than gas. it comes to this : either the price of Windsor gas is too dear compared to what tiie Commissioner pays elsewhere, or the railway servants are not to be trusted to use it economically. Anyhow, we are inclined to think that when people iu any other part of the world hear that a railway station within a couple of hundred yards of a gas works cannot be supplied with gas at a less cost than kerosene oil, they will either suppose there to be an egregious blunder somewhere, or that our railway people are all gibbering idots. APPOINTMENT. -Dr. Callaghan IIBS been appointed Chairman of the Licensing Court for the Licensing District of Windsor. We notice th.it Mr. A. Bowman, M.L.A., has moved for papers in connection with this ap pointment. Peiple are asking "Why!" and " What's the n alter f " Who knows. THE MARKETS.-Maize in Sydney, on Wednesday, was quoted at 3s 6d to Ss ?d pe, bush-). Hay-Oiten bundles, 7s fis lo 8s ld per cwt ; hales, 8s 2d to 8s Sd ; luc erne in truss Cs ; wheaten sheaves, 4s lld ; oaten and whertcn bundles, Qi 10.1 to 7s 61 ; Straw-3s 91 to 3s lOd per cwt. for clean bund'es. Oaten, barley and rye in bundles, 4s¡8d. E-rgB, Ss Sd to 3s 6d per docen. But ter- Illawarra kejr. 2s per lb. ; brands, 2s ld ; factory made, 2s 6:1 ; intercolonial (packet), ls 8d. Poultry: Fowls, 3s 6d per pair ; duck«, 3> to 4s ; geese, Os to 8s ; turkeys (cocks), 9s tn Hs ; hens, 5« to 7s. Local price for niaise on Thursday, 3s 3d per bushel. KEVTING'S COUGH LOZENGES cures Coughs, Asthma, Bronchitis.' Medical tPitimony states that no other medicine is s effectual in the eure of these dangerous maladies. One Lnsenge alone gives ease, one or two at hrdtime ensures rest. For relieving difficulty of breathing they are invaluable. They contain no opium nor any violent drug. Sold by all chemists, in tins, ls IJd and 2t9deach. 