CHAPTER IV. THE "CARTE DU PAYS." The following morning beheld Hugh Rosslyn at the cathedral, among the earliest of the worshippers, and his observations of the preceding day enabled him to divest himself of the appearance of a total stranger to the place and its ways. He took up a position in the chapel of San Ignacio itself, and was rewarded by seeing " fair Ines," as he now called her in his thoughts, enter, rosary of coral and gold in hand, and accompanied by Dona Mercedes. The old negress was not in attendance ; it was a smart black boy who preceded the ladies with their chairs and carpets. When the mass was concluded, Hugh left the chapel quickly, stationed himself at the great door, and there awaited the coming of Dona Mercedes and Ines. They both recognised him, the former with a decided look of surprise, the latter with a glance that was less intelligible; there was not so much surprise as embarrassment in it. With perfect grace Dona Mercedes acknowledged the salutation of her foreign guest of the previous evening, so soon as she and Ines had passed through the heavy leather-lined door. " You are an early visitor to our public buildings, senor," she said, " and are, I hope, pleased with El Catedral. It is not equal to many of our churches in Spain, but it is very well." "It is a beautiful church indeed, senora; and as I have unfortunately not visited Spain, I cannot make any comparison to its disadvantage." Hugh had merely received from Ines a silent bow, accompanied by that slight undulatory movement which only Spanish and Creole women can accomplish, and which, without being so formal as curtsy, is fully as gracious. But he had seen that her colour was heightened, and he divined that she was aware of his previous visit to the church, while Dona Mer- cedes supposed him to be in the first fervour ot exploration. "She knows I was here yesterday. Cnñ she have seen me? I wonder whether she guesses that I have come here to-day for a sight of her ?" Ines herself could hardly have answered that enquiry. She knew only that there had been in her mind a vague, unreasoned expectation, and that the sight of him in the chapel, where she had been instantly conscious of his presence, had realised it. She stood demurely by the side of her step- mother on the broad stone pavement, above the wide steps which led from the western front of the church to the street, and she walked, or, rather, as Hugh thought, floated down them, without suffering him to see more than her profile. He did not know whether Cuban / THE sole right of publishing " A Stern Chase" in Western Australia has been pur- chased by the Proprietors of the WESTERN MAIL. /' etiquette permitted his requesting to be allowed to escort the ladies to their own house; and he was inwardly blaming his stupidity in not having informed himself on the point, and despondently supposing that he must salute them and depart, after his en- quiries respecting the welfare of the De Rodas family in general had been answered, when Dona Mercedes put him out of his misery by remarking that she was going to do some shop- ping in one of the principal thorough- fares, and enquiring whether he had yet become acquainted with the com- mercial portion of the town. She had discovered on the previous evening that the English senor had only a limited acquaintance with the Spanish tongue, and she had immediately adopted the French, in which Hugh could make himself quite intelligible. Of course he was most anxious to see the business quarter, and as she gracious- ly bent her head and moved on in the direction which she indicated, he bold- ly walked by her side. The balmy air of the morning ; the exquisite blue of the sky, not yet heated ; the growing stir of the city, so empty and quite at siesta-time ; the presence of tho beau- tifui girl, to whom the story which Rodney had told him lent a double interest, were all delightful. It was a blissful walk, although Hugh was unable, even while it lasted, to banish the recollection that Ines was the betrothed of a man whom she was unwilling to wed, with the al- ternative of a convent before her if she did not wed him. Hugh's notions of a convent, if he could be said to have any, were those of the average Englishman of twenty years ago, but he did not dwell on them ; there was something so ineffably pleasant to him in the idea that Ines objected to Nor- berto. He walked with Dona Mer- cedes and the fair divinity who had enthroned herself in his artist's imag- ination—he did not tell himself it was in his heart—seizing adroitly on every opportunity of addressing Ines, and yet—bearing in mind Rodney's sum- ming-up of the character of Dona Mercedes—avoiding the risk of allow- ing her to discover that she was a secondary attraction to the fortunate foreigner who had evidently found favour in her sight. The emporium of pomps and vani- ties, imported from Europe for the adornment of the lovely and luxurious Creoles, was reached in what seemed to Hugh Rosslyn an unreaonably short time, and then he was to dis- creet to linger. He carried away with him to the " Camp " two items of in- formation, of unequal value, indeed, but both interesting. The first was that Don Saturnino de Rodas, accom- panied by his wife and daughter, would attend the theatre on that same evening ; the second was that fair Ines spoke the English language, and was the only member of her family who did so. Dona Mercedes was a puzzle to Hugh. Her dislike of Ines was, ac- cording to that universal provider Cuban gossip, Pepito Vinent, well known ; no one but the girl's father was unaware of it ; but her manner was perfect. With the suavity of the Spanish bearing—a type of demeanour differing widely from the effusiveness of the French—Dona Mercedes, in speaking to Ines, combined the gently authoritative tone of an elder sister. There was no affectation of the mater- nal and filial relation between them, and Hugh Rosslyn, attracted, natural- ly enough, by the elder lady, and pleased by her graciousness to him, made up his mind, on his very brief acquaintance with Dona Mercedes, that she was a maligned person, and that the illnatured gossips of Santiago had got up this story. The idea of that stately, yet gentle young matron being capable of endeavouring to force her husband's daughter into a mar- riage from which she shrank, or into a convent, simply because she was jealous of the girl and found her in the way, could not find acceptance with Hugh. He was to well disposed towards the De Rodas family to give credence to anything that might be said in their disfavour by anyone, especially by a gossip like this Pepito Vinent. In arriving at this favour- able conclusion respecting Dona Mer- cedes, Hugh Rosslyn had done exactly what she intended him to do. It was her habit to observe each newcomer who, on his arrival at the " Ever loy- al and faithful island," visited Don Saturnino, and most people who came there did so; then, having made up her mind as to whether she did or did not care to make a favourable impres- sion upon him, to act accordingly. Fate had never sent Dona Mercedes, since her marriage, and what she secretly regarded as her exile, a new- comer who aroused in her breast so strong a desire to make a completely favourable impression as did Hugh Rosslyn. Not that, in one respect, he formed any exception to the gener- ality of Dona Mercedes's " impres- sions." Her feelings were always of the coldest, calmest kind; their source, course, and ultimate develop- ment was egotism pure and undivid- ed ; she no more wished to arouse passion, than she wished or intended to admit that disturber into her own cold, and indeed hard, heart. She would have been made exceedingly uncomfortable, she would have called it " shocked " —for Dona Mercedes was fully persuaded that she was a person of singularly nice conscience— by anything of the kind ; she merely wanted to be the first in whatever society she was in, the chief consider- ation of the world in general, and of the particular person who happened to be attracting the curiosity and interest of that world in the character of a stranger. When the newcomer had the good fortune to please Dona Mercedes, especially by a discriminating and speedy re- cognition of her charms, she always behaved well to her stepdaughter in his presence. She knew that men who are not below the average of humanity dislike to witness oppres- sion, and often have an instinctive aversion to a stepmother, and her complacent conviction of her own beauty and vast superiority to the most admired of the Creoles, did not shut her eyes to the fact that Ines was a very pretty girl—one who would be likely to excite an incon- venient amount of sympathy, if she were ever permitted to pose in the character of a victim. In all the world Dona Mercedes de Rodas, loved but one person besides herself—her little son Ramon; and feared but one person, Norberto, her husband's nephew, the disappointed heir, who had never by word or deed displayed his feelings, but who was too like herself in his supreme egotism to be undivined by her. Like, in some respects, they were unlike in this : Norberto had a fiercely passionate nature, while Dona Mercedes was never allured from the pleasant paths of scientific selfishness by any temptation to violence. Henry Rodney asked no questions about the manner in which Hugh occupied the early morning, and the two young men agreed that the out- door hours of the day should be devoted to all that remained unseen of the city, and should include the Alameda. Hugh was not yet in the humour for settling down to work, but he had remarked some charming points of view, and he assured Rodney that he had no intention of being idle. "All right," said Rodney; "if you like work, I don't. I'm the idlest fellow in the world by nature, but I have never had my own way, and I never shall have it. My neck has not been out of the collar since I was seventeen." *' You had your way in the choice of a profession, at least," said Hugh, with a keen remembrance of his own fight for a similar privilege ; "and you don't dislike it, do you ?" " No, I don't dislike it ; but it suits me chiefly because it forces me to work whether I am inclined or not, and ties me to time. There's nothing for inborn, inbred indolence, like being tied to time. If I were like you, 'a youth lighthearted and content,' with painting potential instead of a person of mature years, whose business it is to ' wander through the world' in search of sensa- tions to be worked up into copy, the finest collection of never- executed works of art than ever had no chance of being rejected by a hanging com- mittee, would be not left behind to re- cord the uninteresting fact that I had been that way. I should have cut out Raphael on canvasses hung in air, but should never have painted as much as a self-explaining cockatoo." Hugh laughed, but said he did not believe him. " That is always the fate of cand- our. What a master of successful de- ception would a great statesman be who invariably told the truth, and nothing but the truth ! I suppose,'' he added, with a whimsical profundity, he would do well not to go the length of the whole truth." " Probably, but even your illustrat- ive observation does not make me be- lieve you. You began hard work too young to know whether you would have taken more kindly to doing noth- ing." " Perhaps," said Rodney lightly ; " and we know I was not the first re- markable youth who was ' pitched neck and crop into the world, to play at leap-frog with its troubles.' But what noble visions have I not had of the life of a conventionally heavy swell, with host of money of other people's earning ; and how great a part in my visions has unlimited leisure played!" " Was it leisure to roam all over the face of the globe then, and turn up where anything was ' forward' —from a new prima donna to a ' pronunciamen- to' punctuated with bayonets ?" " I see you are like Mark Tapley's friends: you won't accept my theory of myself. So be it. What shall we do in the evening ? Try another ter- tulia ? I am in a position to look in at about thirty." " No, I think not," said Hugh, aware that the thirty did not include one at Don Saturnino's. "Well, then, the theatre. Here, as elsewhere, it is always a representative and characteristic scene. And as there is occasionally a stampede account of a tremblor, it may turn out a bit of excitement and a good view of Cuban life for you." " What is a tremblor? asked Hugh, delighted to hear Rodney make the very proposal which he wished, but had found it absurdly difficult to make himself. " A tremblor is an earthquake. You i must not expect a grand one; the kind of thing to which you English people, who know nothing at all about it, would give the name. They have not have had a tremblor on the grand scale in the islands since the catastro- phe of ten years ago." " Was that a bad one—a real earth- quake, not only a rumbling and a quiver ?" " It was indeed. You should hear Pepito—or rather you should not— upon the event. I should think it was just about the time he was launched upon his career, and he delights in doing the legitimate business of the drama, raising emotions of pity and terror— especially terror—in the foreign breast, by his description of how the earth opened, and many buildings, includ- ing the cathedral—for the shrine at which fair Ines worships is a mere in- fant of days for a church— ' fell like packs of cards to the ground.' Pepito insists on the pack of cards—it comes so pat as an image to a Cuban. And he will dwell upon the flight of the in- habitants in terror from the town, and how they made a camp for many days and nights in the surrounding country until their own panic had subsided; not until the danger was overpast, for that is always impending and never calculable." " Dosen't it rather temper the bliss of Summer Isle of Eden ? " Weil, perhaps a little. But no- body thinks seriously of it. Some day I suppose Cuba will go down with great plump into the bottom of the sea, perhaps to stay there, perhaps to be flung up on the surface of some other ocean, bereaved of her Pollos and her lesser people. Until then, al- though we have more hints and threats that they had, we shall think as little of any propable catastrophe as the 'yellow Portugee' thought before that awful day on which Lisbon went out of the world and poor Marie Antoinete came into it." " Have you had any personal ex- perience of those same hints and threats? " Oh yes ; I was only a week here when we had two tremblors one night. And let me tell you that rumbling and quivering which I thought you were disposed just now to treat rather lightly is a deucedly unpleasant experience. I back it against dressing-gown, and slippers; or even sea-sickness, for dispelling the heroic attitude. It produces the most absolutely abject and grovelling kind of fear, when you find out for your- self that the firm earth is not firm. I was enabled to correct my own im- pressions on that point one night, when I had stayed on after a ball at the Philharmonic for a little of the gambling with which it is the thing here to finish the night, and begin the day, on tho departure of the decorous society. The game was Monte, and I had had quite enough of it, but did not exactly know how to go, when the dealer suddedly dropped his cards, and the whole party rushed into the balcony. I followed, and not knowing what was the matter, looked round at all the faces. They were as pale as death, and Creole paleness is an impressive spectacle. In an instant I knew what I was—I could not describe it; fortunately it has been perfectly described, as an oscillation as if a thousand ghosts were dancing in the empty saloons adjoining, or as if a train were passing beneath the floor. Such a sight as the street presented, in the briefest possible interval, with a trembling, shrieking, praying crowd, wild with terror, and all in their night clothes ! We had a second shock before morn- ing, but it was milder still, only like the violent uncarting of a few hundredweight of bricks. Everybody was perfectly comfortable next day, pooh- pooh'd the alarm, hoping their neighbours had not seen them in their night- attire ; and asking careless questions, so as to convey the im- pression that thay were in bed and asleep, or awake and not at all frightened, at the time." " I don't think I care for studying that particular aspect of Cuba from the life," said Hugh. " It must have been particularly dreadful at a theatre. A panic in a crowd !" " Bad enough, but not what you imagine it. They build theatres here as the wise old folk built the houses —with an ever-open eye to the earthquake. The inevitable unex- pected is the always foreseen here, and a sound sense of ever-present danger does the Lord Chamberlain's business in a style which that functionary would probably regard as a very terrible precedent. A tremblor in the Strand would not be a bad lesson for his Lordship, would it ?" "Not if you could bespeak the earthquake for a night when he was due at the play," said Hugh, amused at Rodney's way of running a notion to earth ; " but severe on the learners who don't want a lesson." " Like the longed for railway ac- cident that was to kill a bishop and a director, without any stipulation as to their being the only persons in the train, and doing their own stoking and driving - eh ? You'll see to- night how carefully the Cuban con- tingency is provided against, and how they manage their exit doors in the land of earthquakes." The day passed pleasantly to Hugh Rosslyn, and a second opportunity of seeing fair Ines was afforded to him, when, having reached the Alameda part of their programme, Dona Mer- cedes's carriage was the first to pass the level road which forms tne Lady's Mile of Santiago de Cuba. ' The general spectacle was a charm- ing one, and would have appealed to Hugh's artistic taste, even if there had not been oue fair face to be looked for among the crowd. The quaint carri- ages, which called up before him a confussed vision of extraordinary vehicles which he had seen at Versail- les, and of strange old pictures of Spanish Princesses and Grandees performivg visits of ceremony, were, in many instances, down by very handsome mules, although, to Hugh's English ideas, too light for such work. The occupants of the strange vehicles, wearing mantilas and carrying fans, were far from assuming the abstracted bored, weary air, with eyes looking languidly into space, and lips reluct- antly unclosing, to utter or reply to some disjointing remark of a com- panion who might be the least in- teresting or welcome in the werld to judge by the want of animation displayed in the effort, which strikes the loiterer in Hyde Park as the prevailing characteristic of the envied votaries of fashion there. Sparkling smiles, good-humoured talk, a great deal of positive beauty, still more grace and sprightliness, tasteful dressing, and the air of enjoying life, like true children of the sun, made the representative assemblage of the Creole ladies very attractive. The men made a less favourable impression upon Hugh ; first, because they were men, and then on account of their dreary uniformity of dress—for there is nothing so disappointing abroad as the customs that we adhere to all through our lives with perfect equan- imity at home—and the generally prevalent look of dissipation among them. Hugh was out of luck, in one res- pect, but fortunate in another. Dona Mercedes's carriage passed him at a pace which merely enabled him to salute the ladies, and observe that her black mules were the finest he had seen in Santiago, and her black postil- lion the most smartly turned out. She was evidently going home. " To dine earlier, no doubt, on ac- count of the play," said Hugh, a re- mark which his companion received with impenetrable gravity. He was still looking after the car- riage when Rodney touched his elbow. " I thought we should find him in the madding crowd. Here comes Pepito Vinent." The young man who now came up to them was very good looking, in the bright, dark, animated Creole style, not tall, but of a well-made and active figure. His manner was easy and pleasant, his French perfect, but spoken without the distracting rapid- ity of the native utterance, and he greeted Rodney with a warmth that was due in some measure to the refresh- ing apparition of a total stranger. A big town and a small vilage are, after all, alike in that respect, if one happens to know everybody who is anybody in either. He had been at Havana, he explain- ed in answer to Rodney's question, and there was nothing doing, and nothing talked of but a probable row in Santo Domingo, and the projected visit to Santiago of the popular Capitan-Général. There was also, he believed, nothing new in Santiago, with the welcome exception of the distinguished artist to whom he had just been presented, and to whom he made a bow worthy of Osric, when on Claudius's errand to Hamlet bent. After these courtesies, the three gentlemen walked on together, Rod- ney watching with grave amusement the fidelity with which Pepito was realising his description of him to Hugh, and scrupulously leaving him to do the talkiug. His palmetto hat was either raised or touched every minute ; his small, brown, bony hand was in perpetual action, either to em- phasise his discourse or wave a salute to some friend too dear to his heart to be put off with a bow ; his eyes were ever twinkling with observation, or curiosity, or memory, as he spied someone whom he had, of a variety of anecdotes, pleasant to the narrator and his audience. Hugh listened, half in fear, half in hope, for mention of the De Rodas family, but none was made. Pepito had not seen Dona Mercedes in the Alameda, and the memory-stop had not been touched in that particular direction. Hugh, however, promised himself an indemnification on the morrow, when his new friend was to go with him to the Retreta, or pro- menade, in the Plaza de Armas, where he felt a cheerful confidence that Dona Mercedes and Ines would make their appearance. Play ? Of course he was going to the play. He had dropped in at the seven o'clock rehearsal that morning, had the playbill in his pocket, and happened to know that all the ex- cisions and alterations in the comedy to be presented that had been pre- scribed by the censor of Havana, had been rescinded by that of Santiago, so that it would be acted in its integrity. He also happened to be aware that the " house " would be an especially good one, and he was charmed to know that the beauty and fashion of the city would be displayed to so dis- criminating an observer as M. Rosslyn, All this did the fluent Pepito utter with the grandeur and the proprietor- ial air of a master of ceremonies, with interjectional remarks respecting the occupants of the passing carriages, now few in number, for the aforesaid beauty and fashion were going home to dine. Presently the three young men turned their steps to the then most approved restaurant in Santiago, and after an excellent dinner they adjourn- ed to the Teatro Real. Hugh Rosslyn was in high spirits. The oddity, the readiness, the self- complacency of Pepito, his total un- likeness to anybody he had ever pre- viously met, were attractive to the young Englishman, whose life had hitherto abounded in the common- place. lt was, then, in a pleasant mood that the three betook themselves to the play, and one of them to his fate. 