TELEGRAPHIC DESPATCHES. VICTORIA. (from our own correspondent.) Melbourne, Friday. The Premier and the Minister of Lands have so far recovered that they attended their offices again to-day. The Opposition meet on Thursday next to select a leader. It is doubtful if any decision will reconcile the discordant ele ments, as several members evince a dis inclination to attend the meeting. A deputation from the Beechworth United and North Ovens Shires to-day waited on the Minister of Public Works in r- ference to the petition for severance of portion of the latter shire, owing to a disiute in regard to the non-completion of the Tnr- rawioge Sludge-channel. The Beech- worth Uniled bhire Council were willing (o receive the area thus severed, aud complete the work. The .Minister post poned giving his decision for two months, vhf-n. it tbe N-i.'th Ovens Shire Council declined to carry out the work, he will grant t-'ue sevi-rance asked for. Messrs Tuttiill ami Ferguson, M.L.A.'s, Mr filicide, shire engineer, and Mr J. W. Morion, shire secretary, represented the Beechworth Shire ; and the Hon. P. Henna, iU.JL.O.. Councillor Pufit' and Mr Wighton, shire inspector of works, attended on behalf of Noith Uveus. Ma P. B. Wallace, M.L.A. — We sin cerely regret that the above gentleman still continues in a very precarious slate of health, and that on Friday his condition had iu no way improved. Hi3 brother, tho Hon. J. A. Wallace, M.L.C., was up the whole of Thursday night with the patient, concerning whose recovery the gravcsL fears are entertained. Subsckiflion Lists. — Tho lists of subscriptions in aid of the funds of the Ovens District Hospital and the Ovens Benevolent Asylum are published else where in our columns. Customs Duties. — The proposals cf the Government relating to ad valorem duties were ultimately carried in the .New South Wales Assembly oil Thursday by 47 votes to 30. The Queen's Birthday. — Monday noxt beine tho si.\"t.v ";sllt" anniversary of the birth of Her Majesty Qu:C-n Victoria will bo observed as a general holiday through out Great Britain and her colonial posse3 sions. In these districts festivities of varied character will be held in different parts, and in order to give members of our staff an oppoitnnity of sharing in the holiday, there will he no issue of this journal on Tuesday, the 25th inst. The Dentist. —Mr Geo. R. Hall, den tist, of Collins-street East, Melbourne, will be in Beechworth on Tuesday, 25th inst., and may be consulted at the Star Hotel. Mr Hall may be consulted at Mr Rome's chemist's shop, Yackandaudah, the fol lowing day (Wednesday). Tiie Governor in alijury.— At a special meeting of the Alhury Municipal Council on Wednesday evening it was de cided to invite the Governor (Lord Carring- ton; to visit Alhury on the occasion of the ensuing pastoral and agricultural show, Beechworth Volunteer Fire-brigade. — The following are the teams chosen to compete at Albury on Monday next : — Hose an»l Reel Practice for Eight Men — Firemen Anderson, Can field, Cunningham, Spencer, Morgan. Todd, Dunn and J. Scott. . Hose Practice for Four Men — Cunningham, Canfield, Morgan and Spen cer. Alarm and Rush — J. Scott, Can- field, Ellen,- Anderson, Duncau and Lloyd. Engine Practice for Eight Men — Same as Hose and Reel Eight Men. Engine Prac tice for Four Men — Same as Hose and Reel Four Men. The firemen leave Beechworth by special coach at 9 o'clock to morrow (Sunday) morning. Beechworth Football Club. — The following are chosen to represent the above in the football match, Club v Trades, to be played at Baarmutha Park to-day (Saturday) : — Brown (2), Burke, Beve- ridge, Cbannon, Davidson, Dobbyti, Faigh, Floyd, George, Greig, Harper, Ingram, Lnycock, Morrison. J. Morgan, O'Connor, Perry, Parrittaud Townsend; emergencies Fyfe, Morrison, Morgan and Stewart. Play will commence at three o'clock. Railway to Tallangatta. — Mr Alf. A. Billson writes to the Upper Murray "Herald": — I felt sanguine that -your recent article would have been the means of infusing a little fresh energy into the local railway league, but from your lalest impress I find that nothing further has been done by that body in the direction of securing the complete survey of the .Wodonga- Tallangatta line. This is to be regretted, for I notice that tenders for the construction of a further batch of lines are now called for, some not returnable till the middle of June. That of course means that a further two or three months will pass over as fruitless as the past. The action' of the commissioners in neglecting the completion of the survey of the Tallangatta line is, to. me, unexplainable, especially after the direct promises made. Without au agitation' is kept lip little can be expected." I" woiild therefore suggest another. public meeting and another depu tation, as a gentle reminder. I am suffi ciently acquainted with the run of the ropes! to know that a successful, result in thesqjmatters is only attained by persistent application. Over two years have elapsed since ' the passing of the bill authorising the construction of the line, and I there fore think it is high time some sort of a commencement was made with it. Municipal Corruption.— Recent ad vices j from America state that Alderman Jachihe, vice-president of the New York Common Council, has been convicted for having accepted a bribe of 20,000 dols. over jtwo years ago for voting on a certain important public'question. ( The Minister of Mines at Rutherglen, CiUltern and Wodonga. — We were on Friday informed by Mr Tu'lnll, M.L.A., by letter , from Melbourne, that the Minister of Mines, accompanied by the secretary of that department (Mr Langtree) will visit c Rutherglen on Thursday, 27th inst'.,' Chiltern the following day, aud Wo donga on Saturday, 29th inst. The Tarrawingee Severance Ques tion. — A few weeks ago a petition numer-. ously signed by residents of Tarrawingee, praying for the severance of the' locality in- ' which they reside from the Shire of North Ovens and its annexation te tho United Shire of Beechworth was prepared and for warded to the Minister of Public Works. The reason for this step, it was alleged, was on account of the North Qvens Shire Council refusing to complete that portion of the Tarrawingee Sludge-channel within their boundary, which work the Beech worth Council had expressed a willingness to undertake, with the assistance of a Go- vernment grant of £3o0 for the purpose. A deputation oil Friday waited upon the Minister ef Public Works, in Melbourne, on the subject, and from Mr Tuthill, M.P., who attended the interview, wo have received a telegram stating that the petition had been heard, and the North Oven3 Shire Council were allowed two months in which to construct the un completed portion of the sludge channel, otherwise severance as prayed for would take place. Albury Birthday SroxiTS.— In tho unusual dearth of athletic sports in this district on the Queen's Birthday (Monday, 24th May), some of our readers might think well of giving our friends across the Border a turn by attending their gala day on that glorious anniversary. Whatever they do in Albury they do welt — witness their agricultural society's shows — and a good number of its citizens patronise our races, shows, aud other out-door exhibi tions and amusements on this side of the river. It is therefore only meet that we should return the compliment when the chauco offers, as it will on the occasion referred to. Monday will be a great day in the Border City, as in addition to a fire-brigades' demonstration, they will have a number of sports of various kinds, including horse jumping for a £10 prize, over the splendid jumping course at their delightful show-grounds, a baud contest for the same amount, a Sheffield handicap of £15, for which several of our Victorian youths have entered to contest the honors and several fancy competitions, the whole to wind up with a grand display of fireworks and a torchlight procession at night. As a special train at excursion fares, will leave Benalla for Albury at 6 o'clock in the morning,, the people of Beechworth, Myrtleford and Waugaratta can avail themselves of the opportunity, with cheapness and con venience. A Desired Concession. — A deputation, representing the prison officials and war ders of luualic asylu ms, introduced by Professor Pearson, M.L.A., waited on Tuesday on tho Railway Commissioners, to ask that the same privileges with regard to tickets at excursion fares should he ex tended to prison and lunatic asylum officials, when on leave, as wore at present enjoyed by the post-office employes. The Commissioners explained that as the Post-office and Railway Departments had been for many years working iu conjunc tion, and as the officials in the post-office invariably had tn take their leave when excursion rates were not open to the public, this privilege had been granted. The deputation said that the same argu ments would apply to the prison aud asylum officers. The Commissioners pointed out that granting this request would involve similar applications fiMm Ml tho Qovornuient departments, but pro mised to carefully consider the matter. A Dancing Ghost.— It .will doubtless be remembered that some time ago rumors were in circulation about the district that what was described by several as being an apparition was in the habit of making its appearance nightly on the One Mile Creek, Wangaratta, and wisely enough this soi- disant ghost, which in reality was an eccentric individual, who has at times, it is said, exhibited a spirit for practical joking, took good care to keep out of the way when anything in the shape of a smart youth or man was about, and usually devoted himself to frightening little children and ladies who had occasion to pass along the road in question during tho night time. On one occasion in par- ticular, when he was in his mantle of white, affecting to be on a mission to this sublunary sphere of ours from spirit-land, and endeavoring to impose upon the susceptibilities of a mother and her little ones who were on their way home, a strap- ping youth happened to put in an appear ance on horseback. Evidently realising the danger of being caught by the rather vigorous-looking equestrian in a perpe- tuation of the joke, the gentleman in white quickly made himself scarce, and was not heard of again during the remainder of the night. Since that occa- sion nothing definite .has been heard of him, except that a couple of times at night some ladies have been frigh- tened almost into hysterics by a spirit which is no doubt identical, judging from the facts supplied us, with that previously seen on the One Mile. But if what we have now been told be true, the whole mystery as to the person of the joker is at last cleared up ; the spirit has been caught ; and those in our midst, though few, who have hitherto felt inclined to support the theory of the Spiritualist, now attribute |the existence of such theory, whether true or untrue, to the impositions of tricksters who have succeeded in carry-, iilg on their ruses in such a manner as to escape detection. But to refer to our original topic, it appears that for the last month or so the One Mile has been revis- ited by the " man in white," and, as the brawny old schemer must after the sweet repose of many months, have, become re- dundant with spiritual afflatus or buf- foonery, he has commenced a repetition of his old pranks. Ignorant of a plot recently conceived by a pair of precocious lads, who had an idea as to the person of the " ghost" the buffoonery was carried on with remark- able regularity till a few nights ago, when one of the twain referred to donned female attire, the other , taking up his quarters in an obscure spot close by. At the expected hour, the "spirit" came along till it was met by the "lady," who was in reality one of the youths dressed as already stated. The former danced round"' and 'cut all ' kinds of antics before the supposed "lady," who did nothing except affect to. be greatly terrified. At last the " spirit" came within in arm's length, when it was dealt a blow by the " lady" with a stick which " she" had been furnished with for that- purpose. "She" next clasped the joker in " her" arms/ " her" other comrade' coming to assist " her." The "spirit," having to succumb te the superior ..strength of. its assailants, surrended - the , spirit and the lady undressed, one "taking off his robes and the other his petticoats ; and humor and surprise terminated the - nice little drama that had so long. been. played by the so-called skeleton from:t'other side who had frightened to death almost every little child and lady who passed along the One Mile, relates the " Wang'aratta Dis- patch. ' Towong Shire Requireiients. — A deputation from the Towong Shire Coun cil on Thursday waited upon the Minister of Public Works and asked for a special grant of £400 towards the construction of a road from Tallangatta to "Granya, a work on which the council was prepared; to also spend £400. The deputation also asked for assistance iu widening the road from' Mitta Mitta Village to Granite Flat.' This work was estimated te cost £S00, half of which was asked from tho Govern-' menti. Mr Nimmo. promised his best con sideration to the applications. Albury Champagne in London.— A few months since M. Frere, of St. Hilaire Vi'iie1. yard, forwarded 60 dozen of his champagne to London, to the order of the Exhibition Commissioners. The wine would appear to have met the taste of the visitors to the Exhibition, remarks tlie "Albury Ban ner," as on Tuesday last M. Frere received an order for 50 dozen more to be for warded by the next mail steamer. Beechworth Stock and Share Mar ket. — Mr A. VY. Foster reports for the week ending the 22nd May : — Banks — Commercial— buyers, £7 10s ; sellers, £7 12s 6d. Federal— buyers, 61s ; sellers, C2si City of Melbourne — buyers, 9Ss; sel lers, 9Ss Gd. Australian Freehold— buyers, 52s ; sellers, 543. Insurance Companies : National — buyei'3, 12s 9d ; sellers, 13s ; sales, 12s 6d. Colonial Mutual Fire- buyers, 4s ; sellers, 4s 3d; sales, 4s. United Australian — buyers, ls7d ; sellers. Is 9d. Southern — buyers, 21s ; sellers, 22s. Indemnity — buyers, ISs ; sellers, 19j. Mines : Rocky Mountain — buyers, 5s. Miscellaneous: Monte Pieto — buyers, lis 6d ; sellers, 12s. Beechworth Gas Co. (Preferential)— buyers, £3 10s ; sellers, £3 15s. Stanley Hall Co. — sellers, 10s. Mutual Store — buyers. 56s ; sellers, 57s. Coffee Tavern — buyers, 2Ss ; sellers, 28s 6d. McCullooli Carrying Co. — buyers, 253; sellers, 26s. Horrible Cruelty by a Mother. — An aggravated case of assault by n mother on her son, which is likely to have a fatal termination, occurred at Wodonga on Saturday. It appears that Mrs Watson, a widow, whose husband dropped dead six weeks ago, 'and who it is stated has since be.en drinking heavily, had a dis agreement with her son about his wages, and she is alleged to have first thrown a tomahawk at him, which struck t.he back of his head. On the hoy attempting to escape, he was again struck by the mother with a piece of quartering. Ho wa3 found in an unconscious state by some of the neighbors, and his life is despaired of, relates the "Age" correspondent. The woman was arrested, and will appear at the next sitting of the local court. As the boy remains in asemi-ci-mscioii3state, only a fragmentary statement of the affair is obtainable. The boy is 13 years of age, and was employed as a newspaper runner by Mrs Tubb3, a news agent. Trespassers Punished. — At the police court on Thursday last (says (he " Camper- down Chronicle") a farmer named Henry J. Day proceeded against two men named O'Fiirrell and M'Gtiiuness for damaging a fence around his land. It transpired from I the evidence that plaintiff had reason to suspect that bullocks were turned into his paddock at night, with the result that he found defendants' bullocks in the paddock. He then secured them, and shortly after daylight next morning the owners came to claim them. They had to break down the fence to got-- them out, and were then sued for damages. The Bench signified their intention of putting a stop to this practice, and the night's paddockiug cost the bullock drivers £10 10s between them. Mob Rule in America. — A riot oc curred in St. John's, Newfoundland, on March 31, when a mob demanding work uud tho railroads extension assembled around the Parlinmeut-building with flags, stormed the Assembly-house, routed the police, and broke into the Council Cham ber, finally planting their banner on the tahle of tho House. On the 2nd Aprl some of the rioters were arrested, hut the mob surrounded the courthouse and gaol, and demanded their release. The magis trates pacified the crowd by releasing a leader named Dempsey. The Irish Question. — Tho "Irish Times," of the Gi.li April, says it is enabled to give i he outline of an alternative scheme dealing with the Irish question prepared by Mr Trevelyan, and which it believes is iu the main features in harmony with the ideas nf the Marquis ef Harring ton on tho subject. The chief heads of the measure are as follcw : — The control of the police and the administration of the law in all its departmetts to remain in the hands of the Imperiil Parliament ; the election of a really representative body for the control of local afairs, its powers and limits of operations to be defined at the outset by Parliament in Westminster, and not interfered with subsequently ; the al lotment to Ireland of the quota of money now paid for national education in tho country. The disposal of this fund to he in the hands of the new elective bodies, which would also have charge of the higher and middl«-clas3 education of the country. All public moneys to be placed in the bauds of the council. The council to have power to assess and levy taxes for internal purposes. The Imperial Parliament to reserve to itself the right of interfering where the taxation appeared inequitable or unjust to any class. The control of roads, bridges, public buildings, asylums, and the administration of poor rates to be in the hands cf frecly-elected representative bodies throughout the country, and which would also given certain powers to develope native industry and manufactnrers in a manner to be specified after carefal in quiry. Mr Trevelyan considers that if such a scheme were adopted tho presene cf Irish members iu Westminster would be an anomaly, aud would not tend to facilitate any Government in dealing with matters of grave Imperial importance, for they would still coutinuo to have a casting vote whenever it suited their purpose. A Cornish King.— Of a mining king tli6 " World" writes:—"' Captain Tengue, of Treliske, who died last week, was the veritable king of the Cornish miners— quite the biggest man among the ' adven turers.' He began 'life as a working miner ; from being a ' tributer' in the bowels ef Tincroft, earning ur.der a pound a week, in less than twenty years he had become worth at least a quarter of a million sterling, and one of the largest land holders in Cornwall. The Prince of Wales was his guest at Treliske when His Royal Highness visited Cornwall; to lay the f-iundatioTi stoue of Truro Cathedral. Captain . league was the largest share holder in ' Tincroft' and ' Carn Brea' wheu the shares of the former stood at £70. and the latter at £200. Their present prices is respectively £7 and £2 and fbr many years there have been no dividends, and constant calls. Captain Teague loyally stuck to both concerns, and has died probably, a comparatively poor man,". - i Peculiar Fatal Accident.— William Ryan aud Patrick Byron, "two- .miners engaged at the Welcome mine, -"Reefton, New Zealand, -have, -died from the result of ""-an accident.1 -They were engaged cleaning out a flue from an underground chamber, when one missed liis footing and fell, striking the 'other,- who was below him.. The force. of. the fall jammed the two men so firmly in the flue 'that some force was required to remove the bodies. The Albup.y Horsewhipping Case.— According; to the Albury ccrrci-ponde'U of tlte uAge," Dr Woods, who was horse- wViipped by Mr J. H. . Matthews, has with drawn the police'. .court proceedings, and, it is said, 'intends. to .issue a writ claiming £1000., damages. A Horse 44 Years Old.— On undoubted authority we ('Bairnsdale Advertiser') have been supplied with an item or two, respecting longevity of some of the equine species, which will prove interesting to our readers. Recently two horses. ' were' destroyed at Orbost by the order of Mr Henry, Sir W. j. 'Clarke's general manager, the one being a mare 32 years of age, -aud the other a gelding 36 years old. Tho latter was, however, healthy and in good condition, and would not have been destroyed hut for' suffering great agony from a wart. On the same station early last year a roan mare died, who was quite an ancient equine matron! She was rising 44 years at the time of her death, having been foaled in 1841.. We have heard of some good old horses joining the equine majority, hut the record of tho deceased matron heats anything we have previously heard of. A Shocking Railway Accident. — A telogram from Greenfield, Massachusetts, dated April S, contained the following : — "A terrible disaster occurred on the Fitcliburg railway last night, midway between Bardwell's Ferry and West Deer- field station. The east- bound passenger train, duo at Greenfield at 6.5., went over an embankment 200ft high. Six bodies have already been taken out- of the ruins; und it is not known how many others were killed. The train was the Eastern express, and consisted of a baggage-car, smoking- car, and two ordinary passenger cars. The point where the accident occurred is the most dangerous one on tho road. The train runs on the edge of an embankment 200ft above Deerfield River. The bank is steep, and covered with huge boulders and a mass of rock. When the train arrived at this point the track commenced to settle under it for a distance covering its entire length. The carriages broke from their trucks, and went rolling over and over down the precipice. The engine broke from the tender, tearing up the track for 20ft. Below rolled the Deerfield River, on the very edge of which the cars were thrown. As soon as they struck they caught fire from the stoves. The sleeping- car was an entire wreck. One man, whose name is unknown, was imprisoned in the wreck of the sleeper, where he was burned alive. One little girl was picked up dead. The train at the time of the accident was going at the rate of about 20 miles an hour. Frank Lank, of Boston, a salesman for a New York firm, jumped from the train, and is believed to be the only person who saw the cars go down the embankment. He says there were three passengers in the drawingroom-cars. It is thought that 20 persons have been seriously injured, and seven killed, with a score of others more or less injured. The Yield from the New Beehive, Maldon. — The New Beehive, Maldon, have finished the current crushing, of which progressive returns have been published, on Tuesday evening the balauee of the stone, 17 toii3, was cleaned up, and a yield of oGoz of smelted gold wa3 obtained. Al together, 125 tons have been put through the mill for the week, the gross yield from which is 1057oz Sdwt 12gr ; or an average of S-'-z 9dwt per ton. A dividend of 2s 6d per 300,000th share was declared oil We dnesday. The stone in the Booth winze under font shows excellent gold, and a well- defined reef, which looks well, has been intersected in the northern workings. Bravery of a Miner Rewarded. — The Inspector of mines for the Biliarat district VIr Charles Stewart) has reported to lite Secretary for Mines that he has presented, (in accordance with instructions, the depart ment's certificate for bravery to a miner named Isaac Morion, at Broornfield, near Allendale. Ab>ut a month ago Norton promptly risked his life to save that of Peter Nelson, who was suffocated by foul air at the bottom of a shaft. Mr Stewart states ttiat a number of Norton's fellow- miners were in attendance when the presentation was made. They wore very grarified, and asked the inspector to con vey to the Mining Department their thanks for recognising the efforts of miners to save life, Norton expressed his gratitude, and said he hurt no thought of reward when he attempted to rescue liis fellow-miner. An Unsustatned Charge.— The ease against James Muhony, a publican at Gee- long, charged at theGeelong Police Court on Wednesday with having criminally as saulted a servant-girl in his employ, broke down, and accused was discharged. Rifle .-"hooting. — A rifle niateh be tween members of the Yackandaudah Rifle Club will be fired on Monday, when the shire president's gold medal will be com peted 'or, also prizes ofa Brii ish "bulldog" revolver, a clock, and a ham (the latter being presented by Mr Geo. Reid). The conditions are five shots at 200, 300, 400 and 500 yds. Benalla. — The members of the Salva tion Army who were recently imprisoned have been released, their fines having been paid. They returned to Benalla on Tues day, and that (fight in the local barracks gave a history of the'r prison life. Their criticisms of Beechworth Gaol, says the 'Argus" correspondent, were any but com plimentary. Scott, who was arrested iu Melbourne on Tuesday, was released on Wednesday his fine having, also been paid. Mr D. C. O'Leary, barrister-at-law, is seriously ill. He is under the care of Mr T. N. Fitzgerald, of Melbourne. We learn from Friday's Benalla "Ensign" that the complaint from which Mr.O'Leary is suffering is acute inffamatiou of the kidneys, and that on Thursday afternoon i :> decided improvement had taken place in the patient's condition. Evwy resident of these districts will join with us in hoping for the speedy recovery of the learned gentleman, who is highly and universally respected. Bismarck's Birthday.— The 1st of April last was Prince von Bismarck's seventy- second birthday, and according to the correspondent of the London " Daily Tele graph," it was celebrated with more than ordinary. enthusiasm. "Every year," said iliat correspondent, writing on the date mentioned, " brings Bismarck proofs from Germans at home and abroad of their approval of his general policy. To-day the Kaiser, Crown Prince, and Prince William, as well as Prince George "of . Prussia, all called in person on tho Chancellor. Two regiments serenaded in front of his palace, before which a crowd remained standing during the whole day, and while the bands were playing the Prince s grandchildren locked down from a window, wavin a tlioir handkerchiefs. About 10G0 letters and telegrams are . said .to /.have .heen; delivered last night ana this moruing at;77 Wilhelm-strasse, and including many- from/ India, China, arid Australia, ; -The -.testi monies of affection "and. admiration that, flowed in from all sides gave' the parcels post plenty to do. One thing was' missing this year, namely the annual case of plovers eggs from the ' Faithful' of .Jever.' The cold weather had kept the poor plovers from laying. The Berlin journals contain highly complimentary eulogies of the Chancellor, who doubtless forsrets the opposition offered to him in tho Reichstag when he annually enjoys on his birthday snch spontaneous effusions of. admiration from hit Imperial master and his fellow- ubjeets. , The Wang aratta Private Assembly. — We had the pleasure of attending the second dance oE this assembly on last Thursday evening, and it was a most agreeable gathering in every respect. There were ahGut tive-aud-thirty or forty couples/ pfeser.t,Fand:::as. ther ladies and gentlemen were equally divided in .num ber, 'there was not a single " wallflower" of either sex to be seen throughout the night, which we need hot say was prolonged well into the morning. The floor of; Osbold- stone's /Theatre Royal, where the asseni- blies.areheld monthly throughout iheseason is certainly tho best in the disirict — we doubt whether it is surpassed in tie colony —and as the theatre is really jlegantly decorated, there is.'- nothing to bs desired in these respects. The music; of Mr Chandler's band is in perfect keepng with these pleasant and artistic surromdings, and it only wants people to appreciate them. The company present on Thursday night appeared to do so to the.rullest extent. . There was also somethirg more substantial than "the feast of reasm and the flow of soul," in the shape of i very nice supper, which was provided anl laid by Mrs Osboldstone and her daughters, with as much attention to the Inalthy appetite which attends on dancing, as it was distinguished by good taste. Attempt to Poison a Wife. — loaeph Turner, a hawker, was tried at the Sipreme Court, at Hotart, cu Wednesday on a charge of attempting to poison his rife at New Norfolk. The evidence showd that he had abstracted some pills prescried for her by her medical attendant, and inbsti- tuted pills containing strychnine. le was convicted and sentenced to death As, however, the woman ha3 recoverd, the sentence will probably he comirmad to one of penal servitude for a long tern. Powder Magazines. — The Custois De partment a short time back publihed a ; regulation under the Explosives Actl885, ' by which the rates charged for the rqeipt, storage and delivery of explosives i any magazine throughout the colony were doubled. At the request of the lines Department, however, says the "Ar;us," an alteration has been effected so thai the increased impost shall not apply to naga- zines in country districts, hut onh to those at the Saltwater River, near ilel- hourne, and at Geeloug, Warvnambol, Belfast, Portland, Port Albert, Wodoiga, i and the dyuauiitc bulk in Hobsou's Biy. I The Australian Eleven. — The matih / between the Australian Eleven and the / County of Nottingham was continued on/ Wednesday, and resulted iu a draw. The Australians, who had made 50 runs fo j the loss of only one wicket on Tuesday when the game was discontinued, tlirouj rain, only increased their total to 1(1 Garrett being top scorer with 30, ran el The county were all dispos -d of for 3> When the stumps were drawn tho P tralians in their second innings had/3' two wickets for 12 runs. On ThnyW the Australians were to meet the G(P7 of Surrey on Kennington Oval, /he last Australian Eieven only play e/one match against Surrey, and won / hy eight wickets. / Tenders for Forage —Messrs C?for and Co., Limited, the well-known/strict coaching firm, elsewhere by adver/umen invite tenders for the supply of a/'ut -e.n tons of hay chaff. Tuesday, 2otPush, k the last day for receiving such teers- A Sad Fatality. — The anno' festival in connection with St. Paul's C/1'0'11 Ade laide, on Thursday was bright tu a.n abrupt close, in consequence n' 11 sa acci dent, which resulted in the (filth of Dean Russe'l. At 8 o'clock, the (ran was des cending from the gallery to fi® hall, when, suddenly missing his f coring' lie was precipitated headlong on to tVnJandingj re ports the "Argn?." He w's immediately picked up insensible and heeding froa a wound in the head, an(nvns carried into the cloak-room. Drs I'atnpbell and Astles were at once called ji an(' they reiicered all the assistance 111 "H"' power, bat. consciousness liar net returned at half-past 8, when the .-atient was removed on a stretcher an" the unfortunate gentleman died on rerohing his residence. Flogong at the Gaol. — We (" Albury Banner') understand that the gaol autho- ritieshadto resort to the cat on Saturday last to maintain discipline at the local tiro of the prisoners have persisted in a disorderly course of conduct, and after the repeated trial of milder penalties with out any rosult, the visiting magistrate found it necessary to order the adminis tration of ten laslies. The flogging took place on Saturday afternoon, in the pre sence of the Government medical officer. The New Corowa Show-ground. — Tho secretary of the Corowa Agricultural Society, Mr A. A. Piggiu, has received the plan on which the new grounds are to be laid out. The design is a reproduction, adapted to local requirements, of the Singleton yards, which are supposed to be the prettiest and most convenient i n the colony, states the "News." The ground is rectangular iu shape, and the boundaries are lined hy sheep and cattle pens. At the south end, on the highes point of the allotment is the grand-stand facing due south, and commanding a fine view ef the whole ground. The feature of the design is the interior drive which, encircling the ground in the shape of a dumb-bell, divides it into two portions of nearly equal size. Under tho grand-stand aro jumping and carriage tracks. A band stand occupies the centre, and the repor- ters'-room, secretary's and telegraph offices are situated in the we3t boundary The other improvements include cattle and horse rings, &c.; The Disooverer of the Kimberley goldfields. — The " Gippsland Mercury" writes : — It may interest the friends of Mr George R. Hedley (the eldest son of the late Dr G. D. . Hedley) to learn that he discovered the Kimberley goldfields, that are now making such a stir. Mr Hedley has been for some years backwards and forwards, taking cattle and horses to the country newly taken up in the North J he is a splendid bushnian, has worked on diggings himself, and has for some time been ; looking out for gold. The first notice of these diggings was in a Queens ' land 'paper moro than a year ago. It reported that " a man named Hedley was reported to have fonnd gold there/'/ add ing — " There is probably some truth in the report, as a gentleman with whom he is friendly has sent a mob of cattle .and stotes in . that direction ; but it is kept quiet at present. \- A (Wealthy, Beggar. — Numerous in stances are on record of the large income 'that may be made by a professional beggar. Another case has been discovered in Paris 'A. woman about 75, who had been in the habit . of begging in the streets of the capital for 40 years, turned out, according "to a statement in the " Debats to possess a-, fortune estimated ai 500,000 francs. She lived at the suburb of Levallois Perretj whence she, went to Paris every day toexer- eise j her vocati on. Her property consists Ot 30 houses," railway shares in different companies, and . obligations of the city Paris. The discovery was made by on® ol b'er habitual benef actors, who engaged not to prosecute her on condition that she should abandon her profession and give® thousand -francs to the poor. I : 