IIHi StHlil KIVG. ? ? ? : ? ? ? BY ? ? IDA LINN GERARD, Author of ' Caught and other Talcs. ® CHAPTER ni. ' Paul, you- have been talking of getting moj an engagement ring— will you lot me ? have this? I have taken a fancy to it,* » nd since youv iuitials are ou it, what could be _ more suitable '? ' 'I would rather get you something ? ? prettier, ' Paul replied. ' But if you like that one, Judith, of course it is yours. ' ' lt~is too clumsy'for~a-young -lady much too clumsy,'' remonstrated Nigel. ' Siirely you wilr not 'give her a nng' with' rnnh prim associations !' See here is a much prettier one ; bo persuaded to exchange it, ? Miss Duncan !' ,He held out a delicate little hoop of pearls and emeralds, but I looked again at the ? ? ? 'twisted monogram and the glowing rubies, and* thought them more beautiful. ' ' Green's forsaken, ' ' I said, laughingly. Emerald signifies sincerity, ' said Nigel. 'I prefer ihis, unless you want it your ? ? ? self ! ' ? ? ? ? ? ? ; ? ' Not I ! ' answered Nigel hastily. So Paul slipped it on my finger, and Nigel took the opportunity to m#ke one of those pleasant little speeches of a complimentary ^ind, Avhioir^ho. was always ready to make, and which 1 with my northern education had ? — aTcertM iu -distru st ol' .- ? Nigel did not bear much resemblance to the merry, laughiog boy Margery was now always recillinir. He was quiet almost to melancholy, and I fancied that at times his agreeaKlrr ?ayings~ and^ smiles were-forced from -consideration f ? »r us rather than , genuinely felt and sincerely spoken. Some thing of this I mentioned one day to Paul. He grew grave daoctly. 'You think so, Judith? It has struck me more than once ; and I. am afraid I have something to do with it. It may be only the old memories connected with this house, but that J doubt, for what would a boy of 10 or 12 really feel ? But he may think he ought to Have been its owner ; probably he had ex pected' that, and looked forward to coming v from Australia to it as his home when Sir — Gaston died. It is no very rich inheritance, ? but-still - 1 do-iiot— between my cousin and what he has looked upon as his property. ' I was silent, as I i'elt incapable of comfort ing vPaul. I thought his guess only too near tie truth, and watched Nigel covertly ''' with a little compassion. His was an in scrutable face, exhibiting but slight changes whatever the occasion . His searching eyes to read all other faces, but to give no clue to his.own thoughts; his mouth— the only other feature which can be considered as par ticularly expressive— was hidden by a long dark moustache. I fancied it was not a very pleasant mouth. I did not c^uite like his smile, but these were mere fancies. For the rest I liked Nigel Vere Very well, as I had intended to. I knew little of himself, aiid~ what' expression lay in his dark eyes told that a will, either for good or evil, was -there, but his surface with which I was ac quainted was very agreeable. Cicely often said so, and I agreed with her. He talked of Australia but seldom ; he hated it, he would ? say-with anintensity.of which l should-not have imagined his soft voice capable. And then I remembered Paul's suppositions, and ''pitied ~ the emigrant's son. He was rich, I believed, or at least fairly well off, and might settle, I supposed, in England if he chose, but not in his father's house. I could understand the difference. ? - ? ? Two weeks passed, quietly and unevent fully.' We were^ a pleasant little party, as Paul had ^wished. Paul assured me that Nigel would belTVejey pleasant companion— that' they got on capitally together. Aunt Catherine had already made several friends in the neighbourhood of Ingleton, and there were plenty of people ready to welcome ttye new owner of the Priory and his Australian cousin. Paul's poverty was lees a bar to his popularity there than in the North; the Ingletonians were sufficiently impressed by the number of his own ancestors, and at tracted by curiosity, regarding the old house, which had been; shut to all strangers and indeed acquaintances, in Sir Gaston's time. There were rumours of ghosts and other interesting topics for them to discuss, of which Dirwell had of course been ignorant. Dirwell could only rate Paul Yere by what they new him to be worth, which from a monetary point of /view, was little. The southerners were aware that Veres of tho Priory, had existed for centuries, and that the last was reputed a miser, and they re spected the living representatives of the ? ? , family accordingly. /- One evening we were1 at a party — not a large or a late one; but following on a long ? country walk in the morning, the effect was * that we were all tired when we reached home. We « returned in a cab hired from Ingleton, and I believe Cicely and I were asleep all tho way. Certainly on arriving at tho Priory w© were too weary to enter into a conversation or recount our proceedings to Aunt Kitty. ' You ought to sleep well to-night, ' Paul smilingly remarked. ' I don't think one of ? ? the family £&0Sts would be able to keep you : ? ? ? ? — -awake half an Irour longer. ' ' I wouldn't miiwl , betting you a pair of gloves , ' I answered, Ok&t; not one of us— you and Nigel included— their eyes until eight o'clock to-morrow morning, ' ' That is a safe offer, ' said Cicely, hi^ily blinking her blue eyes, with a Smile. ' I don't approve of wages as a rule, but I will back-that one if anybody likes to take it. '' 0 N-). one availing him or herself of the op portunity, we -withdrew to oiir respective chambers ; but it was fortunate for us -t tat ^/tfr'e bet was upaccepted. J tij^ew my ' ft ' ' ~ trinkets C-trJessly, without troubling to put 'tlrem-awaj rund-within-the tiuie specified by i Paul had. sunk into tho dreamless slumber! with which youth is generally blost, aud j which especially follows out-of-door exercise and pleasu ruble fatigue. ? ' I do not know how long I had slept thus j soundly, wbea suddenly I found myself ; widej open-eyed, and vaguely conscious of- j having been roused by some noise 1! listened— listened intently, but: ' nothing 'followed.',.' 'The room was very dark, 'and I could not distinguish -pieces of furniture at the further end, or define the recess;, but it did not seem to ine at the tiine that the noise had been caused bv anything so near or so -easy-jJ:o— be-exa'minedr — -1— wondered— for a whiljo. I heard the rain coming down 'steadily ^~outside7'and'th-:rdi4p7-dri^F eaves, and an occasional moan of tho wind among the trees ; I heard a mouse scratching unweariedly behind the wainscot; and, hearkening to thoso monotonous sounds, I gradually closed my eyes, relaxed my attentivenossr aud _was~fast~sinking off to .-leep again. I was roused a socoud time— on this occa sion by a sonsation rnt.her than a positive sound, and again I peered into the darkness. Opposite to ino''Wi'.s thei fireplace, which I could just discern, etch side of it a deep recess, aud between one of thoso recesses and the window stood the dressing- table, on which I had left my evening's jewellery. Near it something, or some one, was softly moving,.. ~ I gazSd fixedly with fast-beating heart, and diiiiTy descried a dark figure standing at the further end of it — what doing I could not see. I waited a few moments, in a long gasp of expectation and fear. Then came a faint clink, as of metal touching-one-of - the toilet glasses ; a momentary jingle, such as my necklace touched hastily would make. This could be borne no longer ; something I must do to relieve my throibbiug pulses. But what? The door from my room was close by me, at the opposite corner to where stood what I believed to be the burglar. Could I eseape, and fasten it behind me ? At least I would try. I moved, turned my eyes a moment away fiom the window to the door, and sprang up. I looked _ again ; the figure had gone. I had perceived no sound. I knew that no one had passed out 'of the door, but that dark object had dis appeared; I~felfthe door, and found'it shut. I seized the matchbox from the cabinet beside it, struck a lucifar, and lit a candle with all possible speed, and again looked round mv room. It was empty — no doubt about that. No one lurked in those deep recesses, beneath the heavy old bedstead or the large dressing table, or in my ample wardrobe. I searched every corner, every cranny ; even a mouse could scarcely evade my keen search. The door was, as I have said, shut; a chair stood against it, where I now remembered to have carelessly pushed it the previous even ing. The window I should have suspected more readily as a burglarious entrance, for without there ran a stone balcony. But the curtains hung across, in heavy undisturbed folds, the blind jjwas drawn, the casement itself locked and bolted. Everything etared me in the face mute, -unchanged, as I had seen it a few hours earlier. I turned to the table on which I had distinctly heard the clink and the jingle. There lay, safe and, for ought I could tell, untouched, my. necklet and bracelet, coiled near, but not in contact with, a g'ass scent bottle, glittering as they reflected the 'light from my candle ; and my watch, tic'cing regularly, its hands pointing to half-past three, and its chain. I began to believe, as I had for several seconds been suspecting, that a burglary at .Ingleton Priory was, so far, carried out only in my imagination, and that my escape through the door, had it been effected, wouid have ended in humiliation for myself,- who had owned to no apprehen sions' from the large old house, and laughter for everyone else. Finally, I glanced at my ring- stand, and then a startling fact confronted mo — The Ruby Ring was gone ! Chapter IV. Yes, it was gone. I examined everything on the table. I sought on the floor, but to no purpose. I remembered, or thought I remembered, taking it off tenderly, seeing ihe flame of rubies and the intertwined ini tials, and hanging it on the ring-stand beside the looking-glass. And now, where was it ? What had become of it ? ? If it was stolen, as I could but suppose, where was the thief, and by what means of egress had he escaped ? I paused for a moment in doubt. Then, slipping on a warm dressing-gown, and thrusting my feet into a pair of soft slippors, I opened the door as noiselessly as possible, closed it after me so that the light might not shine through, and walked, fearing every board would creak and betray me, or that I should again hear hushed movements near, to the head of the stairs, and stood there listening. All was perfectly still, except for the rain without and the Ipud ticking clock in this hall below. And all was perfectly dark. My eyes were4 strained for every deeper shadow, my ears for every sound. Drip, drip, drip. Tick-tack, tick-tack. I waited in silent suspense, but naught else broke the silence of night; nothing stirred, not even \scampering mouse. Was I to disbelieve what I had seen and heaidibefeise ? dntl if so, how was my ring's disappearance to be accounted for ? Should J ajfo^GB ajiyone else ? Old Davidson and Margery y/eva ftyt of the question ; they would be too frightened fco have any sense. Mary ?— she woijl4 screa't) ffesjpe to' b6 locked; In her room and not left alon«. Aunjs : Katherine 9— not for the world would I ilia* i. turb her reot. Cicely what use cuuld a 1 pretty timid girl be ? Nigel .and Paul only p remumed. ~ ? ? ? ? — ? ? ? After a brief consideration I returned to my room, took up my candle, and walked up the corridor of the west wiug ; so certain did I feel then of mj' own delusion that my chief idea was a thankfulness for the difference1 befcwe.m Prinvy and Alexaridiina-cresceiif ll'ioring, ns' inakinj? it almost cnrt iin that n ) one could hear mo. rHie do-»is of the bi;r, empty rrioin.y were al I opon , t he ch:i inbovs dreary, dark, , 'vacant; I entmod and investi gated them one by one, shut each door behind me as I -came put, and ho, with tho exception of Nigel's rwi nn, went over the whole wing. I was growing perfectly brave -now.-— The;other-portiou-of-t-htt-uppHr-st-oroy- was all inhabited : the'nFims o.losn t.o^oth«r, ?rHjwer. tho walls thiner. Tlioro- was ho need to examine them. Beginning to imagine I was going for a bo-ik to drive away my ner vousness, I- proceeded down stairs, getting bolder as I went, -but scarcely had t reached the stair-foot^when T whs ntmscioub of a sound on the floor I b»id just le!t. A footstep was audible, a door gently opened, 'and the^ cautiously quiet tread cmne alone the eastern passage to the stairs. For the first time in my life 1 was thoroughly frightened. Here was I alone, unprotected, with unsearched dark rooms around, help cut off by that approaching figure, coming from the part of tho housu I had supposed safe to that which might contain I knew not what terrors. In an instant I put out my candle, and hid myself in a roeeps by the clock, feeling that its gr.-at pen.iuiu.ji w-e, some shield, to at least deaden th« beating of my heart. The person drew nearer ; ho carried no light; I, still dazzled by the. one I had used, could only just see it was a man; and t.hat he was coming-onward, -towards-o'io. He passed, almost brushing my skirt, then U'i fast nod the locks and bolts t'f the- ho 11 door, very gently, and opened ti. A eo-.-l, wet bre«-ze rushed upon me, a t'siint- grey light stole in, and dimly I dei-crted th.- '' ire of the retreating figure. I rushed for-t;5y-! \ ' Paul !' ' Judith ! my darling, what is it. what, is the matter ?' ' Where are you going, Paul ?'' . . ' Only for a short walk. I could .not sleep, and thought that would he the most effectual soporific. Why are you up. Judith ?' '~1 was nervous. 1 fancied i heard so in thing. I thought some one wasin n y room, and oh ! Paul, my ruby ring has gone !' ' Heard? Oh, you heard mo, no doubt, and I probably heard you ; so we have been frightening each other.' ' Did you bear a noise ?' 'Just about as much as your light foot steps would make, sol thought I would walk round my ^dominion and see that all whs secure. Now I understand that is unneces sary,; but what was the child nervous about ?' ' My ring, Paul.' ' Ring ! Pooh ! you dropped it at the party, or in the walk yesterday. Run back to bed at once, love. I will see that every thing is safe. Go ! you will get your death of cold. . Why did you not wake somebody to cheer you up, instead of running about the house alone ?' ' I wanted to see if all was right. I had only been over the west wing, and then I came down, and you followed me, aud oh, you did frighten me, Paul S' ' The west wiug I The idea of you going over those dreary rooms. . It was enough to mako you nervous. Go upstairs directly, Judith dear. I will so trch every cranny of the house for you ; but I shall find nothing you may be certain ; aud I shall not go out, so set vour miud at ease. Go !' (To he continued. J 