THE COURTING OF MARY SMITH. Bx F, W. ROBINSON, Author of "Grandmother's Money," "Anne Judge, Spinster," "Little Kate Kirby," "The Black Speck," "Lazarusin London," &o;> (Published by pedal arrangement with the author. All rights reserved.] BOOK V.—ROUSED TO ACTION, Chapter 1.—Late at Night, Yes, Mary Smith's new life began with the next morning, just as she had prophesied that it should. There had been too much grieving over the unalterable, and life had its duties, responsibilities, set tasks before her. She had not wholly given up, but her energies had been misdirected, and her sorrows were keen, though her powers of self-repression had been great. There had been no impetus to work— the future lay before her, dim and grey, a Bteep, upland path, ending, Bhe hoped, with heaven very soon; and all the past ambitions, her hope of future fame, did not seem worth thinking of any more. She had worked hard to get back Dids Ohinery, but it was in vain, That was her present task still, as well as to keep house and home together by the aid of the pen—never a very easy task to the authoring, let his success be what it may. In this unsatisfactory world there are so many things to pay for. But she was at heart unhappy. Ever before her was the fact that she had broken her word to Ambrose Ohinery, and all that he had planned and prayed for, and all that he had trusted her to do, were miserable failures, and "his girl" was with the mother, from whose bad example he would have kept her away. It was hard; but perhapB it was as well that Ambrose Ohinery lay at rest midst the sands, and his place in the ranks of life knew him no more. What would he have said to her— thought of her—if he had come back and asked, " Where is my little Dids ?" She won dered sometimes that his spirit did not haunt her, she heard the whisper of his reproaches so often in her sleep. She found that her work became a solace to her as honest work always is, and she went at it very diligently to makeup for lost time. This was the reaction from the hours of idleness of which she had spoken; but lit was setting the wheels spinning round a little too rapidly, and over the edge af Charles Lamb, and under the shadow of a pair of white eyebrows, peered very often two watchful, fatherly eyes, " Don't you think, Polly, you are just—a little—overdoing it now V he suggested one night. "I am trying a short tale or two, dad. Little extras for the magazines—to confront the poor rate, and bring peace to the confiding heart of our butcher." She spoke lightly, but Mr. Smith was in no wise deceived by her manner. Her's was a "speaking face "that did not deceive one very often, and the color had gone from it of late days, and even some of the lustre had flickered out of the eyes. "You have been writing from 9 thi3 morning," he said warningly. " Nine is rather late to begin." " And there goes 11, by Jove!" "No, by Big Ben, dad," said his daughter, trying to put a humorouB aspect on the matter; but Mr. Smith did not smile at the joke. He turned to the fire and Bpread his thin hands before it. and Mary Smith looked from her manuscript to the bowed form crooning over the flames, with the Bkull-cap awry, and the silver hair straggling beneath it. A very sad and neglected old dad indeed, she thought, at last. " What a time it is since we played chess !" she remarked. "Yes. Two months,". "And you are so fond of the game." " I was once. It makes my head ache now." "What a story-teller!" was the candid observation here. "Well, I want you to get to bed to-night," he confessed. " I can't sleep directly after writing," she said. " I lie awake and stare, and have heart burn and dizziness, and see ghosts." " I said you were overdoing it." "Nonsense, dad!" she cried. "I have a grand capacity for work, that's all." The manuscript was huddled away into her desk as she spoke, and the desk closed with a bang. Two minutes afterwards! chess table and men were between her and her father, and they were shortly deep in the intricacies of the game. The game was not a long one Mr. Smith played chess very much as a man plays skittles, and bowled his white forces about until he was utterly routed and discom fited. Then he sat smiling at his own defeat, and looking down at the- position which had led to a most summary checkmate. "No—you are not tired out, Polly," he said. "Upon my word, you played that game excellently." " Shall we play another ?" "Bless my soul, no. Not to-night." " Cribbage ? You used to beat me at crib fcage once." "So I can now," he said, a trifle conceitedly, " but not to-night." " Very well. To-morrow, dad, we will begin earlier, and I will get up earlier too, to allow for the grace-hours after supper." "Ahem—yea—just as you say," he replied. " And now, will you do me the inexpressible satisfaction of bidding me good-night and of retiring upstairs to bed ?" " Yes, if you wish." " I mean to bed—not into your room." " Yes—to bed— to bed!" she quoted; " there good-night." "Good-night." At the door she paused. The silver-haired parent seemed in no particular hurry himself; he was actually filling his pipe with tobacco out of his jar. " Are you going to sit up very late to-night," she asked. "Only a little while longer than usual—till the fire is lower—and if you don't mind ?" he suggested. " I can rest in the morning as long as I like you know. No taskmasters in big counting-houses to growl anathemas at you for being a minute late, lam a;gentleman ait large for the present." Mary Smith regarded him attentively. "Do I detect an emphasis on 'the present,' dad?" she enquired. "You do my dear. Candidly, I did give it a little emphasis." "Then you have news forme ?' "Not yet. I have a little idea in my head —a faint, fugitive idea—which will probably come to nothing. My ideas generally drift in that direction, unfortunately. But this very particular and especial idea, he remarked, " I should like to consider in the seclusion of a front parlor from which an inquisitive daughter has very graciously taken her departure." He bowed with mock politeness, and there was a twinkle in his bright eyes suggestive of his having actually arrived at a state of high spirits. Chess had done him good, for great is the power of a little change, She had been selfish in her new phase of hard work—it is the fault of hard workers to be so. She had forgotten the old dad from morning till night, "Good night, then," she said. There was nothing remarkable in Mr. Smith's sitting up after his daughter had with drawn ; he was always the last up—the one to go round the house, see to the bolts, and make sure that the lights were out and the cat in. This was his province which he would never resign. And if a book came in his way crossed his path very persistently—he would sit down agam and read a chapter or two. He pottered about after the fashion of gentlemen of his age; and having wound up his watch and shaved for the morning, under the im pression that he shotdd be far too busy for that operation next day, and put out the milk-can, to be replenished by an early riser in the milk trade, who could not wait tor anybody, he would, as a rule, be heard ascending softly to his room half an hour or so afterwards. But there was extra business on hand that night; Mr. Smith had confessed to it. When the daughter had gone he lighted his pipe and Bat down to consider it, and having threshed the matter out, he got up, crept softly about the room, lest the faint sound of his slippered feet should disturb his daughter upstairs, opened Mary's desk and sat down before it to write something for himself. Our heroine was asleep then, with perfect con fidence in her sire's precaution and his capa bility for taking charge of the lower part of the "house, and locking up properly, knowing that he was fond of Tate hours and " quiet thinks," and "good long reads" when the house was still, she, tired with work, and by the deep dull thoughts which came to her when work was done, was slumbering peace fully that night. Mr, Smith took out note paper and envelope, and sat rubbing his nose with along penholder, in order to collect those ideas of his of which he had spoken dis paragingly. He had a difficult and delicate task before him, and there should be no hurry over it. He would weigh every syllable before committing himself; he would even take a copy of his letter, lest Mary should say presently that he had been indiscreet, or foolish, or would like to know what he really had said, This in case he was found out—for after all, he did not intend to tell Mary anything of his own free will. It waB his consummate artfulness, he con sidered, to hint at revelations in the future; he was quite sure that Mary, absorbed in her work, living only for work and slaving her heart out at it, would quickly forget their little dialogue. And if nothing came of it, why he would be glad to forget it' too, and be extremely sorry that he had taken the matter in hand, and been officious and foolish. But it was evident that something must be done, he thought, as he rubbed away vigorously at his nose with the penholder, and stared at the note paper before him, and wondered which was the best way to commence. He opened the desk again, after he had written "Dear Sir," as though an idea or two might be inside along with the postage stamp3, and his eyes fell on Mary's manuscnpt, Per haps there was an idea in that. He took it from the desk, turned over the closely written —and, worthy to be recorded in the annals of authorship, neatly written—pages, and read all that Bhe had done that long day before he went on with his own composition. There was neither beginning nor end to it, and the early pages of the MS. were upstairs in her room; but Mr. Smith was born a reader, and inter ested in anything that was good. He was a fair critic, too, and his judgment was seldom at fault. He was a lover of the best books, and could repeat pages of them by heart. "There's a lot in old Smith!" one or two clerks had been heard to say in the office from which he had been cashiered; and there was a lot in his daughter, old Smith thought that night, and even drew a deep breath or two over her pages, and once passed the back of his hand across his eyes. " How she has improved ! She writes like a woman who has suffered," he soliloquised; " and yet she lias been happy enough, cheerful and contented always, and had no troubles. She and I have never had an angry word between us, and yet—great heavens! now she can write ! Perhaps I ought not to interfere —perhaps I am doiDg a foolish thing. For I am foolish—very !" He put away the manuscript, looked rue fully at his note-paper and the "DearSir" that had been dry this quarter of an hour, and then dipped his pen in the ink and made an impetuous dash at the business on hand. " I'll see how it reads afterwards. I can but tear it up," he muttered; "it's no use sitting here like a fool!" He did not stop again to think till the letter was completed; he went right on till the " your obedient servant, Abel Smith," was reached, and then he read the letter softly to himself. " I think it'll do," he muttered; " nponmy word, and taking everything into considera tion, I am sure it will do. It's very nicely put indeed—not too stiff, not familiar, not cringing, just the thing. I've a very good mind to take to authorship myself—I'm sure it's in me." He was not quite so pleased with hi3 own production after a second perusal, "I hope he won't think I am hinting at— oh ! that would never do," he said, tumbling his white hair all ways at once with both hands, and knocking his cap on to the table oh, that's dreadful!" Still, a man has a leaning towards his own composition, and on the third perusal he folded the note up, put it into an envelope, and ad dressed it to Jonathan Lo'vett, Esq., Castle Lovett, Keccleson, Lancashire. "Off it goes," he said firmly. He pocketed the letter, put his cap on his head, buttoned his coat, 'went into another room and changed his slippers for boots, took his walking-stick from the top of some hat-pegs in the passage, opened the street door, closed it softly behind him, and then proceeded to make his way along the small strip of front garden to the pavement, at the edge of which, some thirty or forty yards distant, was the pillar-box, mto which he intended to drop his letter without Mary Smith being a bit the wiser. But before he had reached his own rusty iron gate—which he was afraid would creak most frightfully as he opened it—ha had become aware that he had not the whole thoroughfare to himself, late as was the hour,J At his own gate, leaning upon it, with his hands clasping the spikes of the iron railings, stood a man who had been watching the house intently, and who, taken by surprise by Mr. Smith's sudden egress from it, made no move ment to withdraw. On the contrary, the watcher waited for Mr. Smith to approach. It was as well he should face the old man, lie thought. He had some news for him, after all. (To It continued.) 