oiiAPrBR nr. THB HICK OP TIMi. A olear, sold, starry night it was when the few invited guests collected in Kdith'a oosy apartmenta to honour her wedding. Very few they were indeed, for only thoae were there whom Edith reoogniaed aa her friends and aaaooiatea. Balfour'a parenta had long bean dead, and as he had neither brothera nor eiatera, he thought of none whom he cared to invite to ao quiet and humble a wedding. Edith waa pale and nervous. Bhe called to mind another wedding night, aoven yesn ago, when ahe waa a happy maiden, and the oontraac waa ao great that ahe turned aick at heart. But ahe aaw the urgent neceaaity of being at calm aa possible now, and ahe eteeled her nervea for the trial before her. ' The bridegroom waa very attentive and tender^ and aeemed oven more handaome than usual, though his face was'eomewhat flushed, aa if with wine, and there was a reitless, uueaay look in his eyes. ... The minister arrived, and everything boing in readiness, the brido and groom took their positions at one end of the room to be united in wedlock. Edith plaoed her band, aa cold aa ice, iu that of Balfour, who bont, his elegant form to whisper a word of .encouragement in ker ear. " How honoured ahe ought to feel to get such a husband 1" said her friends, one to another. ! ■ The minister stood before them, open hook in hand, and in a deep modulated voice waa pronouncing the marriage ceremony. Edith did not hear him; neither did Balfour. Both were listening to a sound in the street below ; tho ring of rapidly approaching foot steps on the flag pavement. There was an in stinctive feeling in the breast of osob that some thing of an extraordinary nature was about to happen. There arose a terrible din at the street door. The minister paused in the midst of a sentence, and looked inquiringly at those around him. Immediately there waa a trampling. of feet, and a wrangling of voices iu the hall! then the footsteps were heard coming twiftly up the stair, and before anyone csuld speak or move, the door was thrown open and three men walked into the room. The foremost was a tall mm in tattered gar ments, white and haggard us a ghost, with hoi-' low, wild-looking eyes, and a generally un wholesome aspect. He was terribly excited, and, flashing a quick glance around him, he sprang into the centre of the -apartments and cried out to hia followers: " There's your man 1 T [oommand yon to. seize him 1" He waa pointing to Dyke Balfour. Instantly a shriek ran through the room, as Edith fell senseless to the floor. The man in tattered garments staggered to wards her like a drunken man. He. paused, pressed his hand to his temples, and turned his wild-looking eyes upon the affrighted guests. •' Friends," he cried, in a quivering voice, "don't you know me? look at me. Iam Clifford Harccnrt!" The next moment he was down on the floor in a fainting fit, beside the unconscious woman. It had all occured in a very brief space of time. One miante the calm old clergyman was opening the ceremony that was to link two lives together; the next he was cowering in the remotest corner of the room, a picture of con sternation, while Dyke Balfour stood hand cuffed between two burly officers of the law, pale and trembliog with guilty terror, and Clif ford Hareonrt and his oivorced wife lay sense his on the floor. As coon ai the people had partially recovered from their fright, the insensible ones were ten derly cared for. Balfour wai led away and confined temporarily in the village lock up. Then the whole stariling story came out, and Pointville rang with it several days. The excitement went so h gh that tho authorities were forced to remove Balfour from the villago by strategy, to s ave him from the summary vengeance of an exasperated populace. It c,ms to light that on the day of Harcourt's sudden disappearance, two years before, Balfour bad met him in the city, and invited him to dinner at Balfour Hall. He had accepted the invitation in his usaal friendly spirit, and was still sitting at the table with bis supposed friend, after the meal wai despatched, when somebody had doalt him a murderous blow on the head from behind. After lying unoon scious, he knew not how long, ho had opened his eyes to find himself iu a dark cell-like chamber underneath the honso. Strong iron bolle end locks fastened him in, and a small sqnaro window abovo his roach, crossed by ttiick bars,was tho only opening tnat admitted light to his gl-omy quar ers. Dyke Balfour had oome down to ceo him, and with a cold, pitileES sneer on his handsome visage, had told him what to expect, lie was never more to look upon God's green earth, but waa to be kept in solitary confinement there till he died. And all the wbilo that tba scheming millionaire bad played tho part of a sympa thising friend to Edith, he had held her dis tracted husband a prisoner under Balfour Hall Hareonrt had been well fed during hit im prisonment, an old servant bringing food three times a day, and pasting it to him through a small opening in the door. Balfour had tried several times - by threaten ing death in all its most hideout forms - to make his prisoner write a letter at hit dictation. But Hareonrt had firmly and steadily refuted. The villain's ultimate success in gaining his objact, waa due to a bit of counterplotting on Clifford's part. The latter had succeeded in raising one of the huge flagstones that compoted the floor, and for tho last two months had been slowly, but eurely, tun telling his way out. consequently, when' his persecutor had urged the writing of the note for the last time, show ing that he was terribly in earnest when he eworo to starve- him to death if he refusod. Harcourt had finally yielded, and written the lineB diotated by the aroh plotter. Ho had seen that it was hie only hopo of oscape-had remembored that his tunnel was nearly complete—and calculated bit ohaucei of getting out io time topreventwhatoverxnisohief the letter woe intended to perform. Iforo daya had paieed. then, and the laet of hie captivity had.Boomed the longeet of Har court's life. H ie work wai done ; the road to freedom was open i and aa Boon as darkness wee once more upon tho earth he had bid good-bye to his prison ocll, and for the first time in two years had breathed the pure air of heaven. He was no sooner froo than he had run to the railroad station, reaching it just in time to board the train for Pointville. He had arrived in the village before he had heard of Edith's divoroe from him, and the startling intelligence that she waa to be slurried to Dyke Balfour that night. ' . Driven almost wild by the news, he had secured the servicos of two officers, and to gether they had hastened to tho house, where, as wo have seen, they arrived juet in time. Io prevent the- marriage. Clifford Harcourc was ill with brain fever fo a long timo after that memorable night, and Edith was his constant attendant through all. She nursed bim back to life, and then, destroy ing the divorce papers, waa once more united to him in the holy bonde of matrimony. . , And thty have lived happily and prosper ously together ever since, and have, been blossed with many additions to their family. Dyke Balfour died a miserable death , in prison, , 