LECTURES. CELIBACY AND MARRIAGE.-LECTURE BY THE REV. DE. JEFFERIS. Tho Rev. Dr. Jcfloris concludod his series of lectures Bachelor Lifo hist evening, in tho Pitt-atroot Congrcg tionnl Church, which was ns usual crowded to excel Tho subject of last night's lectura was whothor it w botter for young bachelors to remain in their present stn of celibacy or to enter upon thnt of marriage. Dr. jKFFKnis said that be wanted his hearers rogard the subject of the lecture with all sobornes lt was no light thing to' pass out of tho singlo lifo into tl lifo whore " thoy twain aro ono." If matrimony waa harbour, it was ono bosot nt its entrance with some dango: ous'reeks and shoals, and tlioro was just a possibility th it might, after all, bo but an inlet to an inhospitable coa fringing a barren land. Marriages were not all modo i heavon. AV hon they loft tho single lifo and entered upc tho double life thov gave their destiny into tho keopinir i a fellow mortal. Be suro of this, that by murringo thc wera made or marred. If, indeed, they wero atron enough, mentally and spiritually, they might bo tho betti for a bad partner, just as gold was sometimes cleanc by an acid. Rut they had hotter be sure about tl: gold before they tried tho experiment. . In near! all cases, happily for good as well aa il " tho man ia what tho woman makea him." Bi tho proverb must bo road with tho broader meaning '* Tho woman is what tho man shall malro hor." Tho wis mnn spoke wisely when ho said, "Certainly wife an childrou aro a kind of disciplino of humanity ;'' but whf wns «aid of tho wife was to boas truly and oftontiinc moro sadly said of tho husband. As yet thoy wei bachelors, celibato, unmarried. Tho dio waa nt yet cast ; their fato waa aa yet in their own keep lng, so far at least na their fato wna entrusted t them by the Higher Power. If, indeed, they wer betrothed, thoy had already given a hoatngo to for tune. They could uot without mutual cousent break trot! and escape disgraco in tho angels' sight. As oue of th Rabbis said : " Tears aro shed on God's" altar for ono wh forsakes his first lovo." But for tho purpose ho had i: view that oveninc, he would think of tho betrothed as i they were already married, for they wore already engaged i.e., bound by a solemn çompact, which could liot bo rup tured without right of action for breach of promise in th court of heaven. They had reached, ho prosumed, tho ful maturity of their manhood. When that wns, was a ques tion opon to casuistry. There was no law, like that passel in tho reign of George III., which prohibited the sona o the Royal family from taking to themselves wives until the' had reached tive-and-twouty. But upon tho wholo ho wa' inclined to think that tho age named was an age that carriel with it tho early rinoncss of full maturity. But whethe thoy were n little older or a littlo youngor, murringo coull not bo a matter of indifference to them. Thov wore eitho: lesa than man or moro thun man if they regarded it as of ni moment. Ho regarded them then debating in their owi mind the question with all soriousnoBS. Married o: unmarried ? To bo, or not to bo ? Tho wisdom of tho ago; had considered it in soino decree an open question, not fi be swiftly or rashly determined, and therefore, ns thi marriage ssrvico hath it, " not by any to bo entorpriaed, no: taken in hand unadvisedly, lightly, or wantonly, bu reverently, discreetly, soberly, and in the fear of God. dub considering tho causea for which marriage waa ordainod.' Seo how tho double view, the alternative, waa put by ou¡ Lord hiniBolf. Ho praised marringa as an ordinance o: nuturo. as instituted by God, and yot aaith that some koo] themselves celibato " for tho kingdom of Heaven's Bake,' and mids, " Ho that is able toroooivo it, lat bira receive it.' And St. Paul, writing to tho Church of Corinth at a timi of "presentdistress," though ho intimates that ho Bpeaki "by permission, and not of commandment," goes so fai as to say to thc unmarried, " It is good for them to abidi even as I," ho, himself, ovidontlv being a bachelor What ho bad to say to them as a pubh'o teacher of morality and'religion contained nothing now. Ho rested both upor 'antiquity and tho proficiency of knowledgo, but ht had no theories of a new order which wore radi- cally to chango the rotations of man to woman, oit.hor in accordance with tho Republic of Plato, or tho Utopia of the socialistic commonwealth. At all evonts, whether or not thoro was to bo a radical chango during thc progress of tba suns, that which young hncholora had to do was to consider the question in tho light of present and prevailing law and oitstom, tho law and custom of their own country. But hero ho found it to bo nocessnry to sound a noto of warning. Among the churches of Christ there was ono olaiming tho prorogative of universal jurisdiction upon tho graver questions affecting family life, and espe- cially those of marriage and tho oduoation of children universal jurisdiction aa against the eonscionoos of all Christian men, and tho laws of all Christian pountries. It was assumed, with an arrogance that would bo irritating if it were not that familiarity breeds composure, that tho de- cisions of cortain prelates of tho Italian race, and of tho bygono conturies, were to proscribo and doline formen of tho British race and of to-day what would bo tho character and limitation of their marriago laws. Married men and women, bachelors and spinsters, already betrothed or look- ing forward to alliance, were to reçoive implicitly tho do oisions of men who hud so exalted celibacy, and so cast scorn upon marriage, thnt they refused to receive either mon or women into the ministry of Christ unless they had embraced perpetual virginity f Tho decisions and decrees of ecclesiastics who ware ignorant of the duties of a hus- band and a father, of tho homo and the family, wore to bo tho basia of our legislation and our practice in regard to marriage and family lifo! Tho thing was unnatural, monstrous. To him, an Englishman, an Aus- tralian, a student of tho New Testament, it was past all comprehension how' his follow countrymen, his follow Christians, could submit to dictation which was in itself so oontrnry to Scripture, to common sonso, and to the rights of Christian manhood. Let men look at tho matter un- trammelled by canon law and its modern interpretations, bound onlv, as Christian Englishmen, by tho precepts of the New Tostninont and tho law of thoir country. How would man, aa young Australiana of tho nineteenth cen- tury, themselves Christiana of tho univoraal Church, deoide, and decido for themselves-celibacy or marriage, which ? Begin, thon, by laying it down, whatever thoir calling may be, religious or secular, that celibacy and mnrriage were aliko lawful and honourable. Reject with scorn the policy of tho priost, which had niado celibacy a necessity to holy orders, and, by implication, a holier state than marriago ; reject it ns n flagrant outrage upon human nature, as in flat contradiction to tho teaching of St. Paul, who says dis- tinctly that tho bishop should bo married, and to tho prac- tice of St. Poter, who was murriod himself, and ns contrary to tho spirit of tho decrees of tho great council of Nicioa, held in tho fourth century of our ora, before tho Roman Church had won or claimed that supremacy among tho Churches which hos wrought such grievous ill. Celibacy and marriage were aliko lawful and honourablo Murriago was of divino intent, but was not damanded of evory ono ns n moral duty. He, might bo asked when celibacy wns advisablo. That was difficult to answer. If, mirabile tliclu, tho desire for marriago waa wanting they ought to be celibatos. If, with tho desire, kindled by mero instinct, no soul answered to the soul, thoy should romain celibatos. If love during botrothal had boen crossod and outraged, and no now love bad arisen in ita place, it were better to bo single. If thoy had parents dopondont on their solo exertions, or sistors absolutoly unablo to earn a livelihood, it might bo their duty to romain unmarried. If tiley hud some work in life of great publio benefit, or aomo ministry for Christ in His Church or among His poor, that they behoved would bo thwarted and hindered by family cares aud dutiea, then for the kingdom of heaven's sake bo a eunuch among men. In regard to these and all othor cases of a similar churactor, tho only rule of tho Master was this, ' " He that ia able to reçoive it. lot him receivo it." If they decided to romain in their presont condition, BO that their bachelor lifo bocame prolonged into celibacy, ho had no special counsels to give thom, save to fear God and do thoir duty, aud aim at a useful lifo. But if, on tho other hand, they decided againat celibacy, and looked forward to tho married state, ho might venture to offer them somo advice, plain and practical. For marriage waa in tho region of tho unknown, and many travollera had fallon into boga and quagmires, and others had found billa of difficulty that tlioy could not cross, and aomo had perished miserably in deserts of burning sand. This advice of hia would ho contained in hulf-a-dozan aphoriams, all tho more valuuble that in aomo form or other they had como down to us from tho daya of old. 1\. Don't think of marrying till you nro old enough. In a state of nature marriage might well como with cnrliost manhood, but they wore born into a stato of civilisation which brought with it many responsibilities that demand niuoh wisdom. They were not worth muon if they wero mastered by appotito, oven if lawful. The youth of promise was he with whom tho soul waa tho lord of tho body, and who could live in chaste and honourable celibacy till ho felt uble to undertake tho solomn duties of tho married .tato. If they asked him what he meant by old enough ho would reply that mon differed in age that wore of oaual years. And yot ha would say that few young men had appeared to him ripe for marriago till they had roached tho ago already mentioned-five and twenty. 2. Don't marry till you are ablo to support a wife. Yot take this aphoriam with caution. Thoro ought to ba a fair stortiug, if possible, in a homo of their own-ot all events, in a houso already furniahed and paid for. Nor should there be a single debt remaining unpaid. And the starting should bo with fair prospecta of sufllcient maintenance. It waa ead enough to bogiu life with a struggle for existence, and to continuo it with added earea. A honoymoon, howevor sweet, waa but a month of awootness, and tho long years lay before them. But do not waste youth by striving after large means 'as a preliminary to morriago. Bo content with a humble beginning. Thrift brought moro happineaa than wealth. In the strain and stress of a true life hoarta clung tho olosor, and ¿ve was not only a household word, but a household deed. 3\. Marry, not for beauty alone, or for wealth at all, but for lovo and with lovo. If thoy knew what marriago meant they would aa aoon think of Bolling thoir aoula to Mephia I tophelea as of wedding for wealth. As for beauty thoy should distinguish there waa beaury of foature, of form, of ! colour, of contour, and there was beauty whore a beautiful ; soul looked out at tho windows of th« eyes, and on the face ! there was the white hiv of purity and the blush roso of maidenly modesty. Tho skin-deep beauty was a fraud and I a snare, but the beauty that oamo from within WSB of truth and for a blessing. Love only should determine tho union of souls. The soul's life was rounded I by it into a porfoot wholo. 4. Marry in tho Lord. Ho did not thereby warn thom, like tho prelates of tho Plenary Council, against marriago outside of their sect. Ho did not mean that lovers should be of tho same theological belief, of tho samo Christian Churoh ; but thoy ought to Beek tho consecration of the Lord, and to belong to the Universal Church, which was larger than their aranda. To marry whora Qod waa diahnnnurnd. .. whore religion wns derided, wns to marry in the devil I and to beoomo subjoots of his kingdom, o. Marry with similarity of education and tastes. The woman was to bo thu helpmate of man. Sho ought to havo interest with him in the 'largor world of literature and politics, and not settlo down into a mere household drudge. In mind os well ns heart thov twain should bo ono. 6. Marry to found an hououraulo and godly homo. A wedded lifo was not a paradiso in which lovGrs walked hand in hand through flowery glades and by meandering brooks By marriage they were entered of tho citizenship of the world. They had to livo a true home lifo in tho companion- ship of others, and for tho help of otheiB. They had to assist in bringing baok tho lost Edon by faith and lovo, by energy and service. If the homo was for self-culture and suit-discipline, it was also a source of the fullest and widest activity. Homo ought to mean rest of body and spirit, in order that they might bo braced for toil and struggle Tho j wife of tho heart, tho mothor of tho children, should bolp tho husband and train tho children in faith and tho fonr of God for tho full and large lifo of tho citizen of tho world, and for tho life yet fuller and larger of tho citizen of tho kingdom of henven. So ended his counsel, but ho could not closo without two notes of warning drawn from him by the controversy now raging-tho ono having relation to celi- bacy, tho other to mnrriago. Celibacy meant ohas tity. If thoy, ns bachelors, continued unmarried, and yet joined thomsolves to Btrango flesh, they I defiled the templo of tho Holy Ghost, which was tho body, and thoy would bo puuishod as profanors of tile sanctuary. " Wnoromongorers and adulterers God will judgo," and His judgmont carried with it an awful doom, lt would oat into their flesh os it woro Aro. Thoy would bo branded with tho wrath of tho Holy One. Tho body would bo its own nvongor. Tho laws of tho bodj would ba as scorpion-whips for thoir punishment. Mnrringe was for lifo to death-" till death us do part." Divoroo was desecration. He did not supposo that any could bo so infamous as to look forward at tho timo of marriago to tho possibility of separation. But if, after marringo, they took advantage of present or future laws to put asunder by mutual and wicked compact "what God hath joined," then bo sure that for them there would bo "judgment and flory indignation." Not so do wo doom of them. Celibato or wedded, married or unmarried, they would, ho trusted, wiu the favour and Mossing nf Him who is " Lord of tho body," so living " in this lifo that in tho world to como yo may havo life everlasting." 