REVIEW. "Poems of Henby Ken-daed : Geo. HoBEBSSOY AXD Co., MeEBOUBXE, Sydyey, Adelaide, asd Bkisbaye." We have pleasure in acknowledging the receipt of a neatly-bound and ele gantly-got-UD edition of the poems of Henry Kendall, the purest and sweetest singer who has yet swept the strings of onr Australian lyre and enchanted our ears with a melody more pleasing, because newer and fresher, than the dulcet harmonies of the old world masters of the Muses. We do not mean io affirm that Kendall's work is superior to that of the acknowledged poetical leaders of Europe and America- Such a conten tion would he prima facie absurd. What we desire to convey to our readers is, thai we are in Australia but awakening to the inspiration and delight of song Many poetasters hare labored lovingly after the masters, bat their best work has been underrated for the simple rea son that they were, at the most, mere copyists. Others have boldly struck out original paths : have taken their inspira tion from the scenes and objects around them : have sung of turgid river, arid plain, desolate waste, cheerless forest, and stunted scrub : have chronicled weird legends of the aborigines, and wild stories of the worse savages of con victism. Ent these latter have, as a rule, been a callow brood, and hence their well-meant labors have secured but scanty recognition. On the other hand there hare appeared some few tritons amongst the minnows, and Henry Clarence Kendall, like Saul, is one of those who stand " head and shoulders" above! their fellows. Born in the Uliadulla district on April ISth, 1S41, his earliest memories were asso ciated with one or the most naturally favored spots in New South Wales. Both his parents were intellectually strong, hut his father was physically feeble ; and the boy inherited a shy and solitary dis position, which awakened in him a been love of inanimate nature as em bodied in trees, streams, and mountains. His material life need not be referred to here, beyond saying that, after serving a short apprenticeship to the law, he en tered the public service, and shortly afterwards married. Official life of any description, however, ill- suited him, and, having won a poetical prize offered by a Victorian journal, he resigned, and went to Melbourne, sanguine of achieving literary success. The shy, retiring, scholarly genius was not fitted to cope with the noisy, self-confident "swash bucklers" of the ££rree-lanee" division of literature ; and poor Kendall could not tackle the bird drudgery that falls to the lot of the ordinary journalist. Finan cially ruined, he eventually returned to Sydney, and after a period of clerical work he accepted the position of Inspec tor of Forests, which he held until sick ness and hardships had worn out his always weak constitution ; and on ike 1st August, 1S82, he breathed his last. Mr P. J. Hold worth (who was a warm friend of the poet), in a preface to the volume under notice, says, somewhat cynically, that ""he was buried by twenty mourners in the Waverlsy Cemetery," that a memorial movement having been inaugu rated the result of mouths of solicitation was £1200—about half the amount that ■"would be cheerfully subscribed in a week or two to enable a prize athlete to visit England"—and that ""the prtsent generation of Australians apparently preferto reward brawn rather than brain, and muscle than mind." That this con- : demnation of Australian literary taste is ; too sweeping, goes without saying ; but, i while we deprecate its injustice, we can- I not help sympathising with the honest i indignation which prompted its writer, i That Gordon (shot by his own hand) and j "KAnAtn (wasted to a shadow by illness and hardship), ike high priests of the juvenility of Australian poetry, should have both (like poor Deniehy before them) died in poverty, is a reflection upon the intelligence and sympathy of the community in which they lived and sang. Eur, our present purpose is not to moralise on poetry and public taste in connection therewith- We have simply to gauge, as fairly as we are able, the merits of Kendalls poetical work, and we approach the task with pleasure, and say with the poet himself t ■" I inv* no faultless fruits to offer you Who read tins hook t hut certain syllables Herein are borroa eg from uni ooteil deBs And secret hollows dtar to noontide dear ; And these at least, thoueh far hetu-een and few, Hay catch the sense Eke suiule forest spells." The volume commences appropriately -with a collection of "Heaves from Aus tralian Forests," and in their perusal we catch the odor of the eucalyptus and the wattle, and hear the dry soughing of tne wind or the sad slow rippling of the lazy rivulet. In " Araluen," a river " myrtle rimmed and set deep among un fooied dells," and "Bell Birds," ikere is a pastoral sweetness and melody that would make us wish with the poet io Keep in the cities ami alleys beauty and strength of the deep mountain ■nailers, Chanaiag to shraber the of losses With ghsueesof creeks and a vision of mosses." "ADeath in the Bush" is a deeply pathe tic story : and dramatically written is the poem of "The fiui by the Black Swamp:" "Foron this hut hath murder -a-rit "With bloody fingers, hellish things ; And Cod will nerer risit it With flower or leaf of sweet-faced Springs, Or senile xnzizsj* "We cannot dwell as much as we might wish upon these Australian leaves - soft and vernal now, and anon so repnl- j sre, so weird, so ghastly ; but we may say that ihey embody much that is dis tinctively of the colonies, and that owes nothing to the poetry or imagery of older nations. " The Glen of Arawatta," ■"Ghost Glen/" "On a Cattle Track'" " The Last of his Tribe," and "On th; IParoo," are prominent pieces of the type we mean. We must, however, mildly protest against such a mal-arrangement of the poet's work as the inclusion in ''Aus tralian Leaves" of ".King Saul at Gilboa," "Euroclydon," " To Damascus." " The Toyage of Telegonus," " Euterpe," "Safe" and "Merope." The same cause of complaint exists in connection with the second collection, "Songs from the Moun tains," which, curiously enough, embrace stanzas in commemoration of the Sydney and Melbourne International Exhibitions, and lines "On a Spanish CathedraL" There are other incongruities noticeable in the compilation of the book, but per haps the poet is not to be blamed for -Hiem. Indeed, it would almost seem presumption to at in censure upon one who coold imagine "Beyond Kergaelen" I bo vividly as Kendall depicts that "ghost i of aland by the ghost of a sea I "Sever is sign of soft, bpnntifal greea on it— Kever the color, the jrloiy of rose I either tlie fountain or rirerjs seen on it, Ka2ced its craj^s are, and barren its snows I Bins as the face of the drowned is the shore of it Shore, *iih the capes of indefinite care. Strange is the voice of its wind, and the roar of it Startles the raonntain and hashes the wave." The limit of this notice precludes liberal quotation, and ire can just add that " C-ooranbean, 2 " Narrara Greek," "Leiehhardt," and " Christmas Creek," represent the loftier song3 of " The mountains," irhikfc "Boh," ''Jim. the Splitter," 'fKingsborough," " Bill, the Bollock-driver," "Billy Tickers," and " Hover," are characterised by raciness and pungent hmnor that remind us simul taneously of Tom Hood, Barham, Brnn tou Stephens, and Gordon. The volume closes with a series of sonnets entitled "The Austral Months," which may he regarded as an elaborated colonial edition of Thomson's "Seasons," although there is not the faintest trace of imitation about them. Kendall's claim to pre-eminence as a distinctively Australian poet is un questionable, and yet, with the modesty of true genius, he bowed the head himself to Harper and Deniehy—both sweet singers, and both, like him, ill- requited for their song3—and there are perhaps few stanzas in all the grand melodies he lias left behind him as a heritage to Ms fellow-colonists sadder, purer, or more exquisite than those iu which he has mourned for the minstrels whose Light J Jiad faded and died whilst it was yet day. j What he writes, of Earpur may he quoted of himself : "Strange words of wind. and rhymes of nun, And -whispers from the inland fountains. Are mingled, in his various strain, With leafy hreaths of piny mountains. But now he sleeps, the tired hard. The deepest sleep ; and Jo! I proffer These tender leaves of my reirard. "With hands that falter as they offer." 