The Ghost of a Christmas Dinner. Br Tennyson Sjoth, Author of 'Sunbeams and Shadows,' 'Like Summor Clouds,' &o.; fFroin the Week.) The story ! Well, I'll tell it you to-night. Hero, Mick, givo me a stoup of wine, ns the playbooks say, and we'll e'en to it like French faleoners. Now, close that banging door to keep out the sneaking wind — stir up tho fire — lot's have a cheerful blaze — and all como close around. What! tell a ghost tale, with a glaring lamp like that ! oh, no. Turn it down — lowtr — and yet. lower .still, Right, Bob, wo'll havo it out. entirely — there slight enough, and moro, for our needs from thoso crackling logs. Very well, Miss Jenny, either go without tho lamp or without the story, just exactly as you please. There, Hint's sensiblo and bravely spoken, lass. Ah ! now it's something liko the time to toll stories of my kind; when tho flickering, fickle, dancing tongues of flamo alone illume tho room, and make our shadows tremble on the walls, or take gigantic forms that stretch from floor to ceiling, coming and depart'iii'.* like tho genii of the Arabian Nights. It helps the story-teller wonderfully. He gains inspiration from that ruddy mass of molten gold there in the fire place, while his fa -leies see-in born, like the myriad-tinted mot Its and butterflies, in vague depths and dark corners. But, as you say, the story is the tlrug. Well, about a score of years ago I found my M-M'a master-printer, and the senior uioinli'.'f nt' u substantial jobbing firm. My partner brought tho uionov. There was something singular about Kichnrd Dorlf, this rich partner of mine, and folks said ho was of im Miuud intellect, or that thoro was some very heavv weight of no pleasant- kind which burdened down his mind. I only thought him veiT imiet iind rcservod. He rertaiulv spoke little, but then pointedly, though sullenly, and had :i habit of indulirimr in queer mutterings when ho thought, himself aloiip : but T saw nothing strange in that— it was a habit, nothing lr.orc, although ho might sometimes tremble and turn pale if caught so dninir. Another strange thing to other' folks was that Kiohard Dorff would, as he often said, have rather grasped the hand of Don Giovanni's grim visitor, and smik to an unexplored, and so perhaps apocryphal, eternity of misery than 1'aoe the dark or be alone at night. The people said this was the outcome of a guilty consi-ienee, lmt I thought it only indicated soiiio extremity of nervousness. Some people are utfeoted si), and why not ho ? And might it not also be the effect of an over-vivid and diseased imagi nation * Richard was a man some five nnd forty years of age, and tall but slight of build. His 'face, clean shaven, was austerelv stern and for bidding, and deeply graven with harsh linos of tare. His hard features were made the more repelling by a i.-ruel expression lurking round tho comers uf his thin lips and by his brow, which had been knitted into a perpetual frown. And there was a chilling colilni-ss always in his light and sunken eyes.' Ho lived in* a largo and roomy house some two miles out of town- — a house whii-h had boon his family's home for generations: a house which ha.l lieeu in their i.so when hunters width- coursed among the timbered tie-Ids where now the flourishing vil Lige stands : when rattle irrazod and ruminated, whore the blatant aldermen now deliberate in their sumptuous hall : when datlodils and daisies, wild roses and the scented honeysuckle, the fragrant mayhlonm and the sweet haw thorn, gave delicious odours to the air now tainted liy t'10 fumes of factories and blackened by the murky mass of smoke beViiJng from a hundred grimy chimney stacks. It was a house which needed troops of merry children, and a host of fihor-ry friends, to give it any look of life, and every window bright with light to re lieve its gloomy uiiissiveuess. Enveloped by a high stone wall it stood back somo distance from the road, and thence appeared a very prison of a home, although tho garden blazeil with flowers, and its broad walks were shadowed by tall trees urrayed in gorgeous green, or in the brown and gold of autumn t:me. When quite a yonth Richard had been articled a clerk to some near relative, whu en joyed extensive practice as a lawyer in a distant town, and ho progressed so well that in time his childless relation bequeathed to him his business. He stayed there many years, but of him, other than ho was thoro. we in the village here had never any news oxi-opting only soaie dark hints of sharp practising and unjust, and it was also rumoured, cruel actions, which came to us from timo to tinio. His father died and Eiehtird, retiring on a very comfortable com petence, came lmuk and entered on possession of the ' Manor,' as the old house was known familiarly, and which wo now hoped to soo denuded of the dismal solemuness that, had attached itself to it in the last year or so of the »ld owner's life. But we were disappointed. Richard never married, und tho house hoenme more dull and silent every day. Old Mrs. Dnitf, ton, seemed to change and for tho worse; she omo had been a jovial, lovable old soul, who carried most becomingly, as the one groat lady of the place, the high respect and love uf neigh bours round about on every Bide, of every class. Bright and cheery in her manner, hearty in her friendships (and who was thoro beyond that most elastic band:-'), over foremost in the best of works, there was no one bettor known through out the town nor more esteemed on every hand than 'good old Mrs. Dorlf.' No 'kinder words in time of need, no help more readily at band, no more soothing tones in the trying hours of sickness and distress, no gentler charity nor sweeter praise, nor visits more to b? delighted in by rich or poor than those of ' good old Mrs. Dortt.' But now nil this was changed, and where once upon a timo all had known her best, wo know her not at all. Where she had lightened hearts and banished care, that enemy now crept in apace, and firmly held his ground. Where she threw out tho glamour of her noble self und made tho poorest shine with newer life and hope — reflections of hor radiant mind and happy soul — there now were tears where there were smiles ; and waitings dis placed patient effort. We never saw tho lady now about, and, indeed, we hardly know if she was yet among us — assuredly sho was not of us, for a certainty. After Richard had idled round the villngo for a time, and wearied of tho dull monotony of «ueh a life, he came to mo as an old friend in whom he ever took a kindly interest, and sug- ? gested I should start in business for myself as I had friends, nnd there were opportunities enough to warrant such a stop. Ho also promised he woidd let me havo what monoy I needed for the start, and take, in return, an interest in the business himself, nnd so provide himself besides with some settled thing to occupy his mind and turn his thoughts into a channel other than the one which, as he said, distracted him eternally. An offer so wholly advantageous wns, of course, no sooner made than I accepted it, nnd so wo were connected and the business floated on the stream down which it ever since has sped so prosperously and pleasantly for both. Well, it was tho Cliristmaa Eve of 18 — , and we had an extra Btress of business on hand (Home menu cards and programmes for a grand civic dinner and a ball to bo givonby tho Mayor on Boxing-night) and harder work for all in that our foreman, through ill-health, had boon allowed his annual holiday a little earner than his wont, and was away enjoying it. Wo caino back after tea to finish up, and Richard, too, to settle up his books, for he had taken all tho duties of their keeping on himself. It was Tiftftrlv fl o'clock -tt-hfin 'Rinbnrrl Anfnrnfi fho composing room, looking, as I thought, oven more haggard and worried than was usual with him, and called me into tho office. There was a hoUowncsB and a dark tinge of gloom in his deep voice as ho then Baid to mo:— 'Tom, I havo a favour to request of you. It IB not much, perhaps — but grant it me, I beg.' Will you spend Christmas with mo f' ' Why,' I answered laughingly, ' it is you who confer a favour, and not I, when you ask mo to do that.' For very few, if any, lattorly had had the honour of visiting at ' tho Manor,' and acquaintance with tho many varied treasures nnd attractions which all know the place, despite its forbidding outside, had within. ' I am afraid,' he said, with a eigh, ' you will not bo esteem it when you have como and gono. But will you bo my guest ? ' I readily assented. I had no wife and children then, and felt assured, whatever might como of it, n Christinas at ' tho Manor' would overy way bo pleasanter than such a time spont lonelily in baeholor's quarters. It would bo a novelty, at any rato. ' My man William,' ho said, his dark frown deepening so as to almost closo his eyes, whilo a sinister look at onco of exquisite pain and black anger overshot his face, 'my man Wil liam hns been compelled to leave me for a day or two to tend his dying father, and I am almost alone. I could not help his going, or I would — it was a choice of going for a timo or leaving me entirely, and I had to consent. Von know my pitiful failing, and thoroforo what this cursed accidont in all its boarings means to me. Will you come homo with mo to-night and stay till William has returned ?' ' Most willingly,' I answered. ' Then hurry up tho work, for I must bo nt home before tho clock strikes 12.' ' Midnight ! ' I replied ; ' oh, we shall have finished long before then.' ' I do not know,' he said, ' for oven with out accidents there is a lot to do. However, do the best you can, and I will come and help in reading if there is uny to bo done.' I i-etitmed to my case, for as tho menu was a delicate work I attended to it myself, and ho to the office, connected with tile composing room by n large glass door— which door I noticed he loft open, as though he wished for company. Two hours passed by, during which time Richard came again and again into the room to see how ' things were getting on ' and wateh tho hands upon tho clock, and I had finished what 1 had to do and it had gone to press. By half-past 10 all 'setting-up' was done, but two lads running in their hurry with the last two galleys to the forme knocked against each other, and a long hour's work was ' pied ' upon the floor. Cursing nnd swearing and buffeting tho boys availed us little— there was nothing for it biit for all hands to go to work in earnestness and ' set ' the work again. Richard only signified his notice of the acci dent by sundry ill-portending giowls and no mild curses on the luckless lads. However, wo all worked on with right good will, and in about an hour the job was ready and out. on the machine, and soon all hands, excepting tho machinists, had been into the office for their pay, and for some small addition which, in view of tho successful year, wo had increased it by, and gone away, in due course the print ing was completed, the parcol packed and given to a messenger who would leave it when ho x)il!4scd : nil were gone, the plaoo locked up, and we were left alone together in the office. ' Come, partner,' I said, ' we havo just time to drink a Christmas toast before we go.' '?Half-past 11,' he said, looking at the i-'ock ; ' yes just, and nothing more.' 1 had barely poured out the glasses of wine nnd proposed a 'Merry Christmas,' when, pulling out his watch, and letting his glass fall fiom liis hand to pieces on tho floor, ho used a tremendous oath, and in excited tones ex claimed : ?' Great God ! the clock has stopped ! ' And as he spoke the chimes rang clearly forth through tho stillness of the mid n'ght air. l''or a time he seemed paralysed by a kind of abject fear, which moved his blanched features strangely ; but then he quietened somewhat, and he said :— ' Oh, God ! it's past the time.' Thou turning round to me— his face, it seemed, distraught, by tho wild workings of some great inward passion, and his voice trembling with emotion, he said: 'Oh! by all that you hold dear in life, andhopoforinthnt.aftcrtinie which even as a frenzied fancy is denied to me, come now and help me face that which I dare not ses alone.' Almost unconsciously, but yet affected by the deep solemnity with which he had imbued his words, I placed my ami in his and we passed out into the night together. It was u clear but wind}- night, and thin, fleecy .clouds kept scudding past the half moon's face, nnd ousting evanescent shadows on our path. I took an opportunity to look at my companion, and found him calm, but, in tho moonlight, ghastly pale, whilo the fixed earnestness and desperate entreaty which I hud noticed in his eyes before had given place to a look of defiant, but not fearless resolution, and to that expression all his other features now confoimed. As we walked on wo heard the joy-bells ring on every hand, and hearty greetings met us everywhere ; there brushed by in eager hurry men nnd women who, like us, had been de tained to clear up business remnants, but yet their jaded looks were nearly overmastered by their cheering smiles, and by the light of brightest expectations beaming throughout all ; while even their tired walk gained some now elasticity as they thought on tho morrow — on that one glad day, to all of Christendom, of joy and happiness among many. Wo passed the clubs aglow with light — with light which seemed to spread tho furthor for the time and tako tho whole streot in its warm embrace ; we heard the clink of glasses and the peals of merry laughter here ; and there we passed tho shivering ? outcast who would spend his Christmas — where? Wo passed the shutting shops with their disordered show of Christmas luxuries ; passed the public-houses, their closing doors encompassing a noisy horde of revellers ; passed the churches, whence tho sweet music fittest for the time welled out in soul-stirring harmony, and the watchers praised aloud tho Great diver of Lifo ; passed the dingy hospital, in who.se dark chambers many a weary soul im patiently awaited death ; passed the busy, bustling' station, where tho last train for the night hud just discharged its living freight ; passed file coaelios, rattling to tneir stopping place in town ; passed tho silent graveyard, tho last resting place upon the road of life, and so away into the fields. We walked along in silonce, for when I commenced to speak ho stopped me with im ratient signs, and snid in hoarse whispers, ' No, no : not yet ; I'll tell you all in time ; be silent still.' And then came changes overhead. Tho wind arose and freshened into force, und great, heavy clouds came up and shut the moon from fright ; and soon, but yet far off, we saw tho lightning with its fiery forks rip open tho vast canopy of heaven, nnd heard the rumble of a distant storm. Wo crossed a littlo' stream and pushed into the black shadow of an avenue of trees, whoso branches creaked and trembled with woird groanings in tho restlessness of tho wind. We heard tho water of tho stream dashing in its petty f ury on tho stones ; and tho reeds whist ling on its banks ; wo heard tho church bells, too, at fitful times as they rang clearly forth in fierce ferocity of glee,' or now wero muffled and confused in a dull jumble of conflicting sounds aa they fought on in battlo with opposing winds. Behind us was the fading glimmer of the town : in front, tho old houso stood out black and cold and stern and ghostly against tho dull grey depths of sky. Just as tho dim light of the lamp which was suspended over the gateway, in tho centre of its yellow halo, caino into our sight, Richard stopped and said : — ' Before wo pass the gates, hear what I have to say. Your condemnation will avail mo uolliing, for I havo been adjudged in a higher court, and its dread sentence haunts me overy minute of each hour, amid tho restless tumult of tho busy day, and in tho awful Bilonco of iuteiminable nights. What I have dono God and my consoienco know, and my sufferings are of their infliction, butyet my punishment soumn endlesB, und my sins no nearer expiation. But still I fool in telling you I do myself some good and hope to gain your help, because I tell you freely all.' And then while the wild wind rushed nnd « HIBUtU ill UIU UtID »?*?« W1V Q*VMV VAUMiI «W»»1A about ub crashed and groaned in its chilling blasts, he told mo all the story of a -wrotehec wasted life — how early dissipation warped his nature, and how boyish indiscretions grow to youthful follies, and then blossomed into curses of his manhood's prime. ' Possessed throughout my life,' he said, ' of an indomitable will nnd of a temper which I could not curb, although I seldom tried, it was but in the courso of things that I should always have my way, and permit of prominonce nnd mastery to passions and feelings unworthy of a man. My parents, as I was their only child, unhappily allowed my evil nature froo play, hoping for improvement with increasing yea'rs, until at length I gained so much ascen dency that their best-intentionod efforts at tho mending of my charaotor wero nil too late and ineffectual. I did exactly as I pleased, and speedily tho total of my wrong-doings beoamo so great that even I at times was shooked and ohimed. But then I hardened, and what littlo footings of remorso woro teaiporarily oxoitcd wero mushed asido and soon beoamo unhooded. Whatever devilment was mooted I wasforo most in its full accomplishment, and thoro was no wanton aot of stupid folly or of hoodloas pain and auuoyanco to others but I had a hand in it. And with maturor lifo camo only doopor planned and moro hurtfid misohiof. What frionds I had woro wronged, and thoir bost faith abused ; whatever means to an ill ond re garding them appeared wero freely used, and losing friends; antt thoso companions worthy of respect and capablo of my correction, I turned round and sought allies and helpmates among men as bad as I became. ' But why prolong tho dismal catalogue of wrongs? Lot it suffico to say I was, and justly too, esteemed among tho worst of men no less in my relations with my friends and boon companions, than among the batter class of business clients: but this latter fact soon worked to my advantage, as it gave me a groat power nnd I was feared, and I mndo fortunes, though I squandered thorn, by trafficking in evil and upon the proceeds of most vicious deeds. Then I was summoned home to seo my father breathe his last — to watch that death which, God help me ! I had no doubt accele rated. Even on his death-bed ho had heard of some later wrong of my performance, and his first words ns I appeared boforo him were, ' Oh, man, havo you no conscience ? Is there no power on earth or heaven to make you other than you aro ? When I am gone will there bo left a man who will not say a kindly word in memory of mo, and when you have run your earthly courso will there bo anything but. joy? There' is yet timo to change, and in tho name of heaven l'pray you make an effort. Oh, think before it is too la to upon the consequenue of ill, and cast aside the devil holding you in damning thraldom. Reflect upon the troops of friends that I havo made mid their good wishes cherished in my soul, and on the terrible array of enemies whose curses must yet blight and sear your life. I wish your conscience had been to you what mine has been to me. attendant always and my .surest, guide. May it assert its pnwe'rs yet, with you.' ' Ho did not bless mo before ho died, hut almost his last words were a wish that my enemies should treat mo in their way as his friends had him in theirs. And so ho died. Although affected for a timo, the t-hock subsided, and I found myself unaltered and allowing all my evil passions play oven before tho grass was green above his grave, and greater liberty, perhaps, because of the re moval now of all possible restraint. My mother, suffering most acutely from my father's death, and racked mid torn by know ledge of my iniquities, was taken ill, and when again she' got about the house, it was ns a woman without reason — she was mad ! Try, if you can, to realise tho feelings which ariso in ino as I gaze in those eyes, once lit by tho sweet light of mother's love, but now so cold as staring steadfastly at me they aecin to penetrate into the deepest depths of my unworthy soul, tho whilo that mocking distance in the look tells nothing of tho sight they see. Picture, if you can, the feelings I endure as sometimes the (lead silence of the night is startled by her mad screams of fiendish laughter, and the whole place is pcnplvd with the endless echoes of wild songs and hideous calls. And I to havo accom plished this — to have, unseated such a reason and besmirched mid rent it so ! I have little more to add but that my father's dying wishes have coini-lete fulfilment, as you will see to night, and with what consequence to me. That which together we shall see take placo, I have often seen before, but, although I could never entirely banish it from sight, on all occasions past (and would have dono to-night but that the hour slipped by) I have taken opiates in strong potions to obliterate a sense of it. And then in William, who was never at such times a moment from my side, I had always a eonipauion with mo in whose company I should not fear the fiends of hell themselves, for he is even nearer kin to them than I.' And wo passed through the strong, great heavy gates, which clanged and bumped iu closing after us amid the ratfi.- of big chains. I then felt Richard trembling on my arm, and started as ho cried : 'Look! look ! it come.i ! ' and then there was a blaze as of a distant fire, which faded quickly out of sight, and soon the pathway, bordered by tho dcop shadow of the trees, seemed like a stream of silver light, and ns we walked slowly on we met the figure of a beautiful woman, clad in velvet of the purest white, and fringed and decked about with ei mine furs. Her features had tho grace and dignity of classic mould, but their fine cast bore sad traces of great grief, and the large lashes of her eyes ? were wot with tears. Encircling the rich masses of her hair there was a simple diadem of gems with one large centre star that flashed and sparkled in tho light, and in her hand she had an arrow barbed with points of gold. The figure turned and walked in front, nnd Richard, with his head bowed down nnd his whole frame convulsed with sighs, and I in silence followed. Arriving at the doorway Richard knocked, and we were admitted by a little old wizen faced woman, bent nearly double with the ?weight of years, whose disnovolled hair floated in stiff grey ringlets round a wild face deeply furrowed with its endless wrinkles. ' Oh, Mr. Richard, you are late,' this woman !-aid in a thin piping voice, ' and your mother has been terrible.' ' Is she not yet a-bed ? ' ' What, on 'Christmas Eve?' the woman answered, her shrill tones defying the echoes which, when Richard spoke, reverberated cease lessly about the lofty hall. ' Givo mo a light, and you may go.' siio uangea tno aoor ueiuua us, ana irom a. recess produced n lamp, which, having lighted, the placed in Richard s hands. ' Good night,' and tho light clatter of her feet soon died away in the distance. ' Como with me,' said Richard, and he led the -wily through an hnnunigo hnll, pared with mnrble slabs and hung with pictures, and graced by many statues, tho shadows of which now approached, now passed us ; anon be ?cnine olongated forms upon the walls, and again stunted and distorted, and weird figures on the floor. Passing many massive doors, rich with elabo rate carvings, we came to a broad and oarpoted stono staircase, and ascending it, tho white figure still in front, we passed landing after landing opening out into innumerable passages, ?which nil were ii-wful in their depth ot gloomy and impenetrable darkness, and coming' to another Richard stopped and whispered, ' This staircase leads a little higher to my mother's solitary tower,' and then turning to the right bi» minnnd h. floor mid w« entflrnd «. room, ft glanco at which sufficed to show it was Richard's private study. Lnrge logs blazed nnd crackled in the fireplace, and the room was cosy with rich curtains and soft carpet and lofty cases filled with books. He placed the lamp upon the table, nnd throwing himself into a large avmchaiv near the voaring fire, motioned mo to take another standing near. Richard sat for some minutes with his face buried in his hands, and then suddouly started up and paced tho room exoitedly, exclaim 1D!?' What shall I do ? What bIwU I do ? I had half conquered all my fears, and strung my nerves to bear the test, but now mj- fears flood on in tides I cannot stem.' And then approaching a oabinet fixed in one cornor of the room, ha opened it and taking out a phial, said : ' Why not ? Why Buffer when a remedy is near ? Why wait for cure whon there aro means at hand which will avert the ailment?' ' The figure glided to his side and placing her hand upon his shoulder in a voice liko soft, clear musio, said : — ? 'Oh. not to-nicrht. See what is to he seen and hear it all ; it may be you will ohange and know these things no more. It mar be it is the last time.' ' But what of the aftertime P Can you give promise of surceaBe of sorrow and aroidanco of all future pain P ' ' Can that wliioh gives you temporary respite and . on awakening leaves your pangs with deeper roots and broador hold? Come, lot sounder wisdom lead you ; repose your faith and trust whero you havo never dono boforo, and in prayer concentrate tho energy which you have thrown to waste in idle wishes and in futile waverings.' * ' And I may change ! Ii there any chance of change P Well, wo shall seo.' And ho placed the unused phial back Jn the cabinet again. Ho camo towards me and then we heard the banging of a heavy door abovo ns and the koy turned, grating in the look, and low, Bof t footsteps coming down and near tho room and tho door was gently opened, and a woman entered. She wasi tallnuu atatelyia her staturo and refined and noble in hor iiiion and bearing, but hor faoo boro no oxprosxion and hor largo dark eyes had a vacant stiiro «ip prcssivo in its rigid steadfaatnoss. Attirml iu rich robes of black satin sho yot had hor waist ongirdled by a ropo, to whioh a buunh of keys p was hanging, rattling as sho moved, and hIhi carried another in hor hand. Sho woro a widow's cap nnd a small sjlvor cross Hiispimdnd round her neck. She did not notico mo, but. walking near tho lamp bo that -the full foruii of it« light lit up hor faoo and disclosed its palo ness and wan features, she Baid in slow, cold accents : — ' I have journeyed far and soon strango things, but to-night much further still. They all camo out of darknoss and I scanned them one by one, and then came days and nights of changeless black in which tho sun and moon and stars woro but ns spangles upon obony, and the blackness shaped itself into the figure of a man, and, strange was it not, but truo, I saw his moving, quivering heart. But there wore insidious insects gnawing at it eagerly, and they had labels telling what they wore. I noticed some named Custom, i'reo.'dents,. Doubts, and Pears, and there was a greater one named Self, which glutted' himself more than all tho rest, first eating up two littlo mites named Pity and Compassion. And another wove an impenetrable wob about the place, and called its homestead Hardness, and this one was greedy, too, nnd daily took moro space. I laughed »t all of this, and thought it ugly fancies nnd tho heart diseased. But thoy said nil wero much alike. I thought in timo the insects would get surfeited mid fall away like. leeches overfed, but no, they stayed, and when I hastened thence, they had not gone. I asked, and they told me I knew that heart, nnd then the mass took features and, I do not yet believe it so, those features wero your own ; that heart was yours — Is it so ? But no, you have no heart ! ' And tho old lady '(missed to Richard, and taking both his hands in hers, the while his figure throbbed with painful agony: nnd great tears stood melting in his eyes, con tinued, ' Would- that you had, even with such faults ns those. But come, your guests aro waiting and the meats grow cold.' And as she spoko the room appeared to change in form and in extent, and we wore in the centre of a large dining hall. A table laden with dishes and choice fruits and flowers and glittering with the large display of glass and silver, occupied the middle of the room, with near a hundred chairs sot to it, while old pic tures hung upon the walls ; a largo firo blazed upon the hearth and rare gems of china and of antique ware filled niches and queer-fashioned eabinots and brackets upon every side. Richard occupied the hend of one long table, with his mother opposite nnd I beside, him, while the white figure stood behind. And then there wns a noise, not like the bursting of a storm right overhead, but liko the Kiiddcu growling of distant thunder in the serenity of summer nights, which noiso approached the room and seemed to end in the jumble of many angry voices at the door. A large gong was sounded many times, its tones becoming thunderous as tho echoes rolled and tumbled through tho groat silent house, and when this had ceased the door wns opened widely, and I saw without a crowd of eager, angry, nnd excited women, men, and children. As these passed in all came to Richard's chair, and as they shook his hand they sneered or frowned or threw upon him looks of undisguised aversion and mistrust ; while he but merely turned his face away, or with his hand concealed the look of angry pain he could not master nor prevent. And some uttered cutting gibes and stinging sarcasms, and others muttered curses in his ears. Thoro were grey-haired men whose looks bespoke a world of agonised dejection; of unending tribulation and of rudely shattered hopes and aspirations; men whose lives seemed void of any future faith ; men whose very beings seemed deformed and thoir features all dis torted by unequal struggles with somo over bearing passions and unconquerable antagonistic force. There were those who had been friends, oft tried but true, in whom even yet a sonso of hope of better tilings had not been quite ontirely blotted out by n Inowledgo of the past ; nor quite subdued because of promises of future good passed by unheeded and unrealised. In theso there was a little light of friendship left, but it was dimmed and guarded by reserve and cautious care. In thoir voices there was cold restraint, and in their manner chilling dis tance. There came in women straining and dragging' their thin garments to enclose the withoring infant in their amis ; women from whoso faces all the grace of womanhood had fled and iu its stead there wns a settled look of blank despair or sinister malevolence and spite ; women once endowed with all the bloom of youth and beauty, tottering with the weight of too early care and pressing hardship ; women mocking whero there- should bo smiles and looking blackly forward in all the gloom of bad fore bodings, and wilfully obscuring every ray of brightening hopo because of expectations always blasted almost at their birth. And there were 1'ttle children who seemed tuught before they carco could speak, to prattle imprecations on ' their host. All these took places at the table, and the covers were removed. JBut while this was being done there entered. from another door a party of proud gentlemen whose genial faces and broad smiles of calm content showed them -well caved for iu tho world's esteem and in their own, 'men whose hearty laughter and the unrestrained and happy freedom in whose full, round volumed voices told them to be satisfied alike with what had passed ns with brows there sat no sign of oare and in who3e rotund forms tho story of good living and a comfoitublo ease was plainly seen, whilo the atmosphere around them was imbued with healthy spirit and good will. Chief among them wau old ~Mv. Dorff, and here, as in his life, hia cheery influence was keenly felt, and his rich, ringing laughter outlasted all tho rost. They did not notice Richard as they entered, but proceeding to the far ond of tho room wero grouped around Mrs. Dorff, until at length they sat about tho table, being from tho places they had taken seated so that while he could see them, ho was scarcely seen by them. And so the dinner was commenced amid this ill— assorted company, affording such a contrast as struck homo with poignant pangs to Richard's heart. As for himself, he' scarcely ate at all, but Bccmed deeply buried in, unpleasant memo ries and contesting with shaip foolings of intense disquietude. About him wero thoso aorry people with their little-varying features of pain and trouble, who never glanced at him without a frown or spoke but in hard accents of reproach. And further down, tho jolly group with careless laughter mado the wholo place ring again, and among them pleasant iett and happy talk grow louder and more earnest and more full of fun and life. And there merriment was simmering now in its in fectious smiles and boiling over then into great peals of boisterous jollity. Time passed away, and the table was omptied of the dishes and the dessert and wine wero placed about. Richard had watched all in silent pain, with a fixed look of resolute endurance, but soon his feelings seemed almost boyond con trol ; his firm set lips commenced to quiver ; his black frown deopened moro ; he trembled and clenched his hands upon the arms of his chair as though preparing for a torture greater than the rest, and the white figure, placed her hand uf on Ihb Bhoulder firmly, ns if duo feared that ho woidd move- and meant him to hear all that passed. And then there was a pause until at length a gentleman rose from his scat beside the furthor portion of the table and commenced to speak. Ho was one most dearly bound by all tho ties of deop-sot friendship to the family, and one from his great ago and knowledge of tho world esteemed its montor and best counsellor. To his wiso dictates and sound sense thoy listened always with a great respect ; with cars that lost no word and hearts that proved the better for his waim advice. Ho said it grioved him on that day of universal amity that there should be a blot to sear its beautiful significance. It gave him pain to think that there should bo any need of moro exuberance of mirth to drown a rankling Borrow. And in terms of justice and of truth and yet of double force, inflioting double pain becaus* of the very kindness and soft charity of liis. words, he Bpoke of Richard and his life ; upon his past and on tho black outlook tho futuro seemed to bo. His wishes were for better things, but his hopes lagged haltingly behind. So often tried ; so often false ; so often on a direot road, yot finding out half- liiddon byways to avoid the atraighter cour», he folt compolled to think liis hotter thoughts of him misplaced, unwarranted., and beyond the eliance of their fulfilment. As ne ipoko, them passed a shadow of groat pain across tho father's nohlo faoo, and his oyos, (ear-moistcucd, fell. But whon at last the. friend concluded with Htotn coiiusul of rojeul.ion for all timo and banishiiK ul from lionrt and sympathy for ovor iiinni, old Mr. Dorlf orlod,' Stop ! ' and rising, with ii Hoirow-ladun volon, in whioh, however, thorn wiih ynt n rny (if hiipo, ho said: — ' ])mir frliinilM, no muni of this. How |I havo loved that noii ; how Imidurly his mother dolod upon Mm ; how 1 hail hoped to hiiquoath to him tho limilntro uf a imiim wlilish had muu would oxonruto liml jjimwI itiuu iilwnyH mention with iitl'ooliou mill rusuuul', ,yu|i may imagine, but ean hoviit wholly I-!!»W: That all my honos havo beou frustriitiul aail my huart'a limit, long ings tlirut.1 usldti and rout in piunos you aro all awnro. But. I havo novor givim up faith and trust and I will not now despair. Behind tlm blackest oluud still xhiuoa tho blessed mm, and man's extremity is greatest whon tho hour of his deliverance is about to strike. And so it is with mo. I fool that in this sorry timo of doso lution, desertion, and dofoat by my best friend and only son my victory will surely como. It is, as it is said, that hovering on tho verge of lifo and death, tho soul has power to pierco tho awful veil which shrouds the future ; and tho shadows which surround it disappear, and such a glorious vision opens to my eyes, and so with this, and strong in a confidenco which has never faltered, I fool that I shall see him rising fiom the depth of his debasement and with a. giant's strength and voice proclaiming to ullths world that he at last is free.' Then Richard started up excitedly and in a loud voice exclnimed : ' Oh, God Almighty help mo, and I will ! I can onduro no moro ! ' and as ho turned tho whole scene vanished from our night, and wo were in the study onco again. Richard took his armchair and Mrs. Dorft' re c'ined upon a sofa near. Tho feelings aroused in Richard were too potent to permit of easy subjugation, and he soon got up and paced tho rcom with nervous, agitated steps. 'And flu re is a chance, of change,' ho said, ' Oh, teach me how I can effect it, and I will succeed if mortal man has power.' The spirit went to him and said : — ' ' Will you be friends with mo and remove the dentlily enmity you have allowed to fill the gaping breach botwixt us ? If you will havo my aid and lend a willing ear to counsels I will give, you must succeed ; if not, I leave you, and for ever, and your downward path will be complete. Decide at once, and for all fiie.' 'Do not leave me now, or I must die; bs friends with me or I am friendless evermore,' and tho strong man fell weeping to his knees before her, and clasped the proffered hand and pressed it to his lips and heart. And he was right, for if our Conscience leaves us wo ara dead. Dead as to the truer part of life ; dead as to the hopes of better things : dead as to the purer purpose of our being ; dead as to the I'-roper use of all tho greatest gifts of God to man, and dead in all its meanings save the one attaching to an empty form of clay. ' Then come with me,' she said, nnd rained him from the floor, and passing to the window threw it open and let in a. flood of keen, frosh scented morning air. And n« wu louked out wo saw the golden sun rise from his crimson bed and mount upward through the puro soft ? pm'plo and the light blue and yellow of tho sky. ' Come, take my hand, and with the now born day commence a bettor life. Look backward but to shudder and repent, and in tho future fix a high ideal which even failing to attain will yet prove good to you in that you try to reach its altitude. Reject the coarser view of sordid life, and find within the praise and lovo of all your fellow-men, and in the commenda tion you must earn then of me, a fit reward for your best deeds ; a balm to easo your suffer ings mid a consolation in the hour of trial. Feel my presence constantly, and let my voice be freely heard and your unquestioned guide, and all must yet be well.' She stopped a noment, and the silence was disturbed by a low cry proceeding from the corner where tho ? sofa, stood. Old Mrs. Dorff had raised herself upon her arm, and as we went to her wo saw the impress of death's cold, palo hand upon hcrufaco. But there was a different look now in her eyes, and her features wero radiant with a swoop and happy smile. ' Richard, my son,' she said, ' my hour is near, and I have had a foretaste of the coming time. May God in His great mercy help you always and vouchsafe a blessing as I bestow it now.' She dropped back into his arms and calmly passed away, and Richard, turning to the spirit, said, ' Command mo always, and by the dear memory of the soul just fled, I swear I will obey ! ' . And eo my story's ended, but let its moral 