SPORTING NOTES MELBOURNE HUNT CLUB RACES. Saturday. (FROM OUR OWN CORRESPONDENT.) The Melbourne Hunt Club’s Spring Meet ing at Flemington is one of the most fashion able gatherings of the raciug season, and this year was no. marked exception to this. The rain, which continued until the forenoon, caused the ..attendance to be smaller than u ould- have otherwise been the case, but when the weather cleared iu the afternoon it greatly improved, and was fully equal to any previous year. The racing was good and there were one or two very exciting finishes, but it was noticed that not 'one favorite won all day. The committee of the V.R.C. are making many improvements, and have erected two stands for the patrons of the sport—one immediately above aud behind the grand stand, and the other overlooking the carriage paddock, reserves, and lawn. (The grand stand is also being considerably enlarged. Selling Race. Mr F. B. Hunt’s br m Ainbassaddrcss, Syrs Gst - . 11 lb (Guy) ...- .. .. ..1 Mr T. Rennison’s bl g Sorcerer, 5 yrs 0 at 11 lb (Wil kinson) .... .. .. ..2 Mr P. Piggot’s br g Snip, aged, Cstll lb (lledfearn) 3 The other starters were Garibaldi and Re lieur. Latest bettiug—s t 0.4 agst Sorcerer, 3to 1 Snip, 5 to 1- Ambassadress. A good start was effected, and Suip was the first to show iu front, followed closely by Sorcerer. At the tau Sorcerer aud Snip were together, with Ambassadress closer aud at theeiitrance to the straight the three were abreast. Am bassadress came out iu the race home, and won easily by half a length.- Time, 1 min 44 sec. The winner was bought in at £45. Handicap Hurdle Race. Mr A; Davis’ eh g Louis, 5 yrs, 9st 10 lb (O'Brien) 1 Mr A. Milne’s b g Revenge, aged, 11 st (Floyd) .. 2 Mr T. Coffey’s eh g Joey, syrs, Ost 71b(Smith) .. 3 The other starters were Distiller, Tauta liser, Midnight, Wild Dog, Encore, Marron, Geraldine, Fan, Lottery, and T.B. Latest betting—3 to 1 Geraldine, 4to 1 Louis or Wild Dog, 5 to 1 Distiller or Revenge, 6 to 1 others. Midnight had a slight advantage at the start, and led, with Lottery next. At the river turn the order was Revenge, T. 8., Lottery, Encore, and Pan, and there was no alteration until the back was reached, when Lottery fell heavily, and Distiller’s rider was unseated. Joey then went for ward; and led from Revenge, .at the abattoirs, T. 8., Wild Dog, and ■ Encore coming next. . Revenge went to the front again at.-the scraping sheds,' and Geraldine snowed up iu second place, while Louis was third, closely followed by Encore. Louis again went forward, aud led into, the straight, Revenge, Joey, Wild Dog, and Geraldine coming next. From this Louis had the race iu baud, and won without diffi culty by a length and'a half, three lengths separating second and third. Time, 3 mini 6 sec. - Hunt Club Cur. Mr W. A. Menzies ro g Curiosity, aged, list 41b : (MrW. A: Menzies) .. .. .. .. I Mr W. H. Short’s blk or br g Baldyy aged, list (Mr H. D. Griffiths) .. 2 Mr E. B. Pender’s g g Robin, list 121 b (Mr A. Watson) .. .. ... ..3 The other starters were Abdallah, Alba tros, Cavalier, and Sara. Latest; betting-- 6 to 4 agst Abdallah, 4 to T Robin, 10 to 1 Curiosity. The flag fell to a good start, Albatros and "Abdallah being the first to get away, and Robin last; past the stand, and the river turn being reached, Sara went to the front hard held, Abdallah, Albatros, and Curiosity comiug next. The order over' the first fence was Sara, Abdallah, Curiosity, Albatros, Robin, Baldy, and Cavalier, and the positions were uualtercd at the next jump. Curiosity then went up into second place, and the. field went round in a string. At the abattoirs Curiosity went up to Sara, and passed her at the sheds; Baldy wentiuto third place, Abdallah next, and : Albatros close up. The order over the first fence ap proaching the straight was Curiosity, Sara, Albatros, Abdallah. The first : horse was jumping splendidly, and at. the stonewall in front of the stand was leading by 15 lengths from Sara, Baldy, Abdallah, and Albatros coming next. Cavalier was last, and en tirely out of it. Approaching the river side Baldy went up to Sara, aud the others then dropped back. Sara and Baldy then passed Curiosity, and Abdallah ran into fourth place, but at the sodwall Sara came down. Baldy and Curiosity then took a strong lead, but nearing the last fence Abdallah came very fast. He, however, fell heavily, and Curiosity had no trouble in racing away from Baldy. Won by 12 lengths. Time, 7 min. 294 sec. Handicap Flat Race. Mr J. Tulley’s br li Middlemarcb, 6 yrs, 7st 101 b (Power) .. .. .. .. ..I Mr S. Martin’s b g Hogmanay,- 0 yrs, 7st 41b (Robertson) .. .. .. .. ..2 Mr T. Rennison’s ch h Salvo, 5 yrs, Gst 121 b (Wil kinson) .. .. .. .. ..3 The other starters were Dunlop, Gar deuia, The Ghost, Huron, Sedition, Clap trap, Clarendon, Duke of Athol, The Levite, Kohai, Maroney, Islander, Western, Dougal stau, Don Giovau, Highland Chief, Devo tion, First Consul, Astus, Sara, and Retort. Latest betting—3 to 1 Kohai, 5 to 1 The Levite or Don Giovan, .100 to 15 Middle march, S to 1 Duke of Athol, 10 to 1 The Ghost, Devotion, or Hogmanay. Middle march come out in the straight, and won cleverly by half a length. Time, 1 min. 424 sec. Handicap Steeplechase. Mr W. Neil’s b g Sir Samuel, aged, 9st 71b (M’Leod) 1 Mr G. H. Read’s br g Reticient, G yrs, lost 121 b (Ferguson) .. .. .. .. ..2 Mr S. Miller’s b g Kulkyne, aged, list Gib (Watson) 3 The other starters were Songster, Brown Eagle, and Wickliffe. Latest betting—2 to 1 Reticient, 3 to 1 Sir Samuel, 4 to 1 Kul kyne. Songster went to the front soon after the start, and led over the first fence from Brown Eagle, the latter showing a dis position to run down his fences. Reticient then went forward, and Sir Samuel took up a forward position, Songster being third and. Brown Eagle fourth. Brown ran down the first fence of the three iu taking it, and Wick liffe swerving off fell, but was again mounted. Millar went up into second place, and the order over the stone wall was Reticient, Millar, Songster, Brown Eagle, Sir Samuel. Kulkyne and Sir Samuel then began to im prove their positions, aud ut the back of the course the altered positious showed Kulkyne Sir Samuel, Songster, and Brown Eagle in order. At the sheds Reticient and Sir Samuel went to the front, and from this the race was between the two. A magnifi cent struggle all up the straight ensued, Sir Samuel winning by a short length. Time, 4 min 444 see. Selling Race. Mr J. Robertson’s b f Mistletoe, 7st 41b (Fiddes) .. 1 Mr C. L. Macdonald's br and bl I Hortcuse, 7st-51b (Robertson) .. .. .. ....... 2 Mr C. L. Macdonald’s b t Harridan, 7st 51b (O’Con nell) 3 The other starters were Firebrace, Pa tience, Carnival, Eclat, Upper Crust, Citadel, Glensworth, Albert Loddon, St. Michael, Teuton, Alexandra, Lady Lavelle, Design, Lidertafel. Latest betting—3 to 1 Hortense, 4 to 1 Teuton, sto 1 Carnival, 6 to 1 Eclat. Mistletoe broke away three times getting as far as the turn before a start was effected. Carnival and Firebrace showed in front at the tan, but, passing the liome turn corner, Mistletoe and Hortense were seen coming very fast through the field. In the straight they both came to the front, and a splendid race, however, resulted iu a win for Mistletoe by three-quarters of a length. Mr W. Lyons’ b g Lottery, who fell iu the Handicap Hurdle Race, never got up again, but died in an.hour’s time, it being supposed the cause of death was a broken back. The. riders of Lottery and Distiller were uninj ured, and Abdallah’s jockey .also, escaped, the latter’s fall beiug in the Hunt Club Cup. 