FICTION. From English, American, au »I Oilier Periodical». WAS HlT MURDERED? CHAPTER IX. AMONG THE DEAD. As John Knight drew near the cathedral, on his way home from the river, he encountered a peculiar looking person, bearing a basket and an unlighted lantern in one hand, a hammer, chisel, and trowel in the other. Ho was well known as " the sexton" in Welfleet. He was also a stone-mason, and being considered a good workman when sober-which was the excep" tion rather than the rule in his case-all repairs in i and about the cathedral had been given into his hands ; for which, he was often hoard boastfully to i affirm, he received " uve pund" a year. t All strangers visiting the ancient sanctuary at t' ''elfleet, and wishing to explore the crypt, wero -mediately referred to " Old Clipper," who could *Hhem more in an hour about the ghostly place tluthcy could learn in a weok from any other t som, e J°4 Knight stopped upon overtaking the man, r anii '".sted him in a hearty, cheerful tone. e "Golavening, Mr. Clipper," he said; "upon what iinvmy errand are you bound to-night ?" ' The man stopped also, and looked np stupidly 3 at his ques1nerj wi10 saw that he was partially \- under the n.ience 0f strong beer, the fumes of t which were p"-niy perceptible in his breath. (. "Dvenin', si» was ij¡s SOinewhat thick response to John Knight salutation ; " and ' uncanny' ye ' may well call the-^ that brings me out the night, for I'm on my way 0 rajBe the dead," he concluded with a grim chuck i "To raise the de^i» repeated John Knight, while an involuntary tivel. ran over Mm from head to foot. Í " Just what I said, sL" replied the man, in a \ sepulchral tone. "The lontferris tomb-one of the oldest down yonder in \e erypt-have tumbled i Un. It has been crumblin' tjB many a year, but l I've had my orders not to leddle, though times i and times I've begged to path it up, knowin' it would come to this sometime hi didn't ; and now the crash have come, and it hav.tumbled in on all (the loids and ladies in their coffin, and, savin' yer presence, the mischief's to pay ; stl'm goin' to pick up their bones and box 'em in agau." " Do you mean that you have to lipair this tomb to-night ?" John Knight demanded, in a tone of suppressed eagerness, though the man'i weird words filled him with horror. " Ye've hit it exactly, sir ; I'm goin' diwn yonder to put things to rights, and shut up the IContferris ghosts as quick as ever I can." " Ghosts ! surely you don't believe in ghosts, my (good Clipper, after all your experience in tilt old crypt," said the organist with a sceptical laugh. " Don't I ^"-"responded the old man, with an ex- pressive «hr^g of his massive shoulders ; mabbe I don't, Mid thfan mabbe I do have occasion to lean that waj just\a leetle," this last in a hoarse whisper which mAde tliiQ other's flesh creep in spite of his unbelief-^ K "yyfaen a mail's twenty feet underground," the seaton pursued, \" and knows he's the only livin' ,'óein' there and \ hears howls, and rappin's, and tappin's, and guWlin'B, and hissin's, he's kinder inclined to thiuk t\hat somethin's there besides dry bones and dust." \ John Knight shoW himself impatiently, angry that the words of a \aiî drunken sat should affect him so unpleasantly. \ " Why don't you tafee the daylight then for your disagreeable task ?" hit asked. *' It is said ghosts don't walk by day." \ " Daylight or moonlight, or no light at all, it's all the same down there %n the bowels of the earth," the man retorted, with a» ah- of triumph. "True ; I did not think W that," was the response, *' then why not take company with yon ? it would not be quite so dismal, perjhaps." . Old Clipper chuckled ana shook with a derisive laugh at the, to him, absurd\ question. " Lor', sir ! do ye imagined it's Buch a pleasant trip to make in the dead o' »light ? If ye do, I'm sure I'll give ye my perlightefet invitation to give me yer company 'most any tim*." John Knight gave a quick! searching glance around. There was not a soul rW sight. Then he glanced up at the miñón, as if fearful that it would betray him, thought a moment, and then said : 1 " Thank you, Mr. Clipper. Ab *ong as I have lived in Welfleet, I have never visitad the crypt of the cathedral, though I confess I ha*© oftep felt a curiosity todo so; and as you have Vgiven\me an invitation, I think I will go with y»u toAnight. Perhaps my presence-for I am very |ceptical on the ghostly subject-may serve to esorc¡ise all\ evil spirits, and you can pursue your work ursniolested." " Thank ye, sir. I'd be glad o' yor company ; but I've a long job afore me and if ye once got down there, ye could never find yer way out alone, with all the crooks and turn? of the place, and I'm afeered ye'd get weary afore my work is done," Clipper observad, as if doubtful about the wisdom of the proposition. " I imagine not. At all events, I will go with you and stay until you are ready to return to earth again-that is, if you do not object. I am curious about the cypt-very curious," John Knight repeated, with emphasis. i "Well now that be very clever of you, Mr. Knight. I'm mighty glad to have yo go along, I ken tell yer ; and I've abito and a sup in the basket here, if yo should get faint and cold afore I get through." Ile held it out as ho spoke, and John Knight smiled at the thought of t ".tching anything from that grimy, wretched basket, no matter how faint or cold he might be. "Come on, sir; this way," old Clipper continued ; and, turning led his would be companion toward a small door at the base of a tower. Arriving there, they went down two or three steps, when the sexton set dow.n his basket and lantern, and drawing a couple of keys, joined together by a ring, from his pocket, he inserted one-a large brass key, John Knight's keen eyes observed-in the lock, turned it, oponed the door, and motioned his companion to follow him. He went down three or more steps, then depositing all his implements upon the solid masonry under his feet, he proceeded to light his lantern. Tliis done, a long, dark passage of perhaps six feet in width was rovealed, while from it on either side, other and narrower passages stretched away into the gloom. The man gave his lantern tohis companion to hold, while he went to relook the door, putting the keys safely in his pocket again ; then the two proceeded down the passage toward the Montferris tomb. The air was very heavy and damp, and a moldly smell pervaded the place, while it was gloomy beyond description ; but no though of fear or dis- comfort disturbed John Knight, whose bright, restless eyes went moving in every direction, while his cool, clear brain enabled him to fix every passage, crook, and turn in his memory. From the main passage, which they had first entered, and which they traversed for some dis- tance, Mr. Clipper turnod to the left, pointing, as he did so, to some stone steps just before them. " Them leads up into the chancel," he remarked, briefly, while his companion took especial notice of the fact, yet without appearing to do so. Keeping straight on, they at length came to the end of the passage they were traversing, where a great cavity in the wall proclaimed that the Montferris tomb, and the scene of " Old Clipper's" midnight labors, was reached. The man deposited his tools beside what appeared to be a tub of cement, which had previously been conveyed thither, and opening his basket, ho drew forth a goodly sized black bottle, which ho did his companion the honor of offering to him, without so much as drawing the cork. "Have a snifter?" he asked, regarding the bottle with an affectionate glance. " It's as good whisky as can be bought in 'Welfleet. It'll keep off the chills and screw yer courage up. " Thanks, no. I never lalee anything stronger than wine or beer," John Knight remarked ; whereupon the thirsty sexton uncorked the bottle, raisod it to his own lips, and took a long pull to " Bcrew up his courage," and then another, doubt- less to " keep off the chills." Then he fell to work upon the Montferris tomb, the front of which had crumbled and partially fallen in. The debris had to be removed, and a small metallic casket which had become disloged from its niche restored to its place-this was probably what " Old Clipper" had meant when he told John Knight he was going to " raise the dead"-and then he proceeded to restore the stones to their proper iliacos and cement them firmly together. This work was interspersed with much interesting information regarding the place, as well as with frequent pulls at the black bottle, and two hours elapsed before the task was completed. "There, sir, it is done at last," the sexton remarked, with a long-drawn breath of relief, as, having filled the last crevice with cement, he smoothed it nicely off with his trowel, " and I'm not sorry, I can tell ye. I don't mind patching up the arches and cornice, a rat hole, even,'but when it comes to the tumblin' in of these 'ore old tombs, and the upsettin' o' coffins, and ye can't tell but what the next minute some grinnin' old skull may be poppin' out at ye, it rather upsets a feller's nerves." " Ugh !" and Mr. Clipper's spirits had to be again fortified hy a " long pull and a strong pull" from the black bottle. "I did not imagine that you could bo super- stitious," John Knight remarked, with a covert sneer. " I supposed that familiarity with such scenes as these would 'breed contempt' for them, instead of fear." "Mabbo ye never heard a ghost howl," re torted the man, with a scowl, for the liqnor he had taken waa overpowering him and he -«as irritated by his companion's last remark. " No, nor do I ever expect to," he replied, with a laugh, adding, as he slipped a good sized piece of silver into the sexton's hand : " But come, if your work is done, suppose you I show me about this strange place a little more." Clipper's good nature was instantly restored by | the touch of the money, and gathering up his tools they retraced their way to the main passage. Beaching the steps which he had told the choir- master led up into the chancel he loft everything there, excepting the lantern, and for more than an hour longer those two men explored thoce dismal aisles of the dead. As they were entering a narrow mouldy-smeUiug place, more eerie, if possible, than all the others, Mr. Clipper remarked : " Down yonder, at the end o' this, there's a kind o' trap." " A trap ! What kind of a trap ?" questioned the other. " A deep hole that looks like a well, and may have been used for one before the convent out yonder fell to ruin, though nowbody nowadays seems to know anything about it." "Ah ¡let us go and take a look into it," said John Knight with renewed interest. So down the narrow passage they went, their lantern burning dim and red; their footsteps making Btrange noises, for there was a peculiar echo about the place. They came at last to ,the end, where right at ' their very feet, their yawned a deep black chasm. The choir-master took the lantern from his com- panion without a word, and leaning forward peered into those black depths. He stood their silent and motionless, for more than a minute, and when he händig, (he lantern back his face was as white as the linen collar about his neck. ? " I declare, ye look's if ye'd seen a ghost yerself ! Ye'ro as white as a sheet !" ejaculated the sexton, in a startled voice. " Pshaw ! it is only the gloom and the redness of the light that makes mo look so," was the im- patient reply. Nevertheless, when the other's back was turned, John Knight took out his handkerchief, lifted his hat and wiped a cold perspiration from his fore- head, his hand trembling as he did so. When they at length emerged from this passage into the main avenue the choirmaster lingered for a moment and turned back. Was their some strange fascination about the place which made him loth to leave it ? Perhaps ; but if so, it soon passed, and he over- took his guide just as he reached the chancel staiis. " There's a little crack up back of the altar that must be filled np, and then we will go out o' this that is if we have seen enough of the place," Mr. Clipper remarked, with an inquiring look at the choir-master. " Yes I've seen enough for to-night," he responded with a repressed shiver. The sexton had brought a trowelful of cement from the Montferris tomb, and securing this, he mounted the chancel steps, unlocked a door at the head of them, and entered the cathedral. John Knight followed him slowly, and while he went directly behind the altar to attend to his work there, the choir-master passed stealthily around the railing until he was out of his sight when he cautiously removed a candle from its place on the altar, then took his knife from hi 3 pocket opened it, and neatly cut off a portion of the lower end of the candle, replacing it immediately in its socket, while he hastily pocketed both the knife, and the wax he had stolen. The mason's work was soon finished, and he re- joined his companion whom he found Bitting quietly on the altar stairs. With a sigh of relief he dropped down beside him exclaiming : " I declare, I got chilled through down in yonder crypt. It's a heap more comfortable up in here." He supplemented his remark with another draught from the>evor-prcsent bottle ; and then the two men fell to talking about the grand old edifice they wore in-how long it had been built, the diff. i erent styles of architecture employed in its con- struction, together with some matters of history connected with it, until tho sexton, overcome with weariness, and the fumes of the liquor he had im- bibed, began to droop, and leaning against the wall it was not many minutes before his Benses were Í locked fast in a drunken sleep, and he was uncon- scious alike of time, place, or companionship. Assured that the sexton would not awake until he should be forcibly aroused, John Knight quietly secured his lantern, and with the steadiness and agility of a cat, crept out of the place and back again into the crypt. The clock on the great tower of the cathedral was striking two, when he at length returned, and shaking the still sleeping Clipper with no gentle hand, he finally succeeded in arousing and convinc- ing him that it was time that they returned to their homes. " Bless yer soul, sir !" he cried, looking around with a stupid stare. '/1 b'lieve I lost myself ! but I've had a hard day's work on't, and it tells on me at my time o' life. Yes, yes, it's high time to go home," and shaking himself like a huge dog after a nap, he stumbled back into the crypt, gathering np his tools, and led the way from the place. John Knight attended him to his home-a wret- ched, tumble down affair, unworthy the name of house-for he thought it unsafe to allow him to go alone in his present condition. " Thank yo, sir," Clipper said, as the choir-master deposited the lantern ho had carried for him on the rudo step before the door. " Hope ye've enjoyed it> sir." . " YeB, I have been much interested in the crç-pt so much so that I may wish to go again sometime." i "All right, sir-let 'Old Clipper' know when ye're ready, and he'll he on hand." " Thank you, and now good-night. Bless me ! what's this ?" the organist exclaimed, as he stepped back and found something smoking beneath his feet " Nothin' but lime, sir-it aint very good for yer shoes, though." " Lime ? Such as I have sometimes heard called quick-lime ?" he asks, while he stamps the white dust from his feet. " Yes-quick enough to eat your shoes if ye don't brush it all off-quick enough to eat yer bones if yo atired it up a bit.'* " Ah !" said John Knight, glancing back at the heap, which looked so white and harmless in the I moonlight. Then abruptly bidding the man good 1 night, he hastened away to his own home. The next morning he aroused his nephew at an early hour, saying that he should be obliged to go up to London by the morning train-unexpectsd business of importance made it imperative, but he would return before evening, for he would not like to miss their anticipated dinner with the Minor Canon, under any consideration. CHAPTER X. THE DAWN AND THE WAKINO. John Knight returned from London about five o'clock, and at six he and Herbert presented them- selves in the drawin-room of good Mr. Edmonds and his mother, and were received by thom in tue most hospitable and friendly manner I Guy was also present, but remained in the back- i ground until the other greetings were over, when ' he came forward and saluted both uncle and nephow with cordiality. Then, as the Minor Canon engaged the choir- master in conversation, Guy drew Herbert into the cozy library across the hall, and immediately introduced the subject, which for so long a time had lain so heavily on his heart. " I could not rest, you see," he said, his dark cheek flushing, though he spoke with the utmost frankness, " until our difficulty, which has been a source of discomfort for so long, was settled ; so I have brought you here,to tell you at once how much I regret not only that I should have said anything to wound you, but also the harsh lan- guage and manner of which I was afterwards guilty." " I say, Walton," Bertie returned with some em- barrassment, yet no less frankly, " you're a trump » but I meant to have made the first advances myself, for I was more to blame for what occurred than you, in|the first place I need not have taken any notice of your remarks, for, as you said, you had a perfect right .to your own opinion, but I was nettled by them and stirred you up to a quarrel. However, I am heartily ashamed and sorry for it ; so we'll be friends, and think no more about it, if you're agreeable, and there's my hand upon it." The two young men warmly clasped hands, and as eye met eye there was nothing to indicate any reservation on either side. Gradually their conversation drifted to other things, until recalled, by the sound of voices across the hall, to the fact that there were other people in the house, they returned to the drawing-room. John Knight shot one quick, keen glance at the young men as they entered. He saw at once that the best of feeling existed between them, though there wai a look of unusual gravity, almost of pain, upon Guy's face. , Mr. Edmonds advanced, and took each by the hand. . " Well, my young friends, I perceive that it is all right at last," he said his face beaming with a genial smile ; " and I trust that all evil spitits have been so completely exorcised that they will never trouble you again." " I hope so, sir," young Knight hastened to say ; " but I feel deeply conscious'-moro so since coming hero this evening than before-that I have been greatly to blame ; and I want to toll you that I i sincerely regret it." " Well well ; this is more than I expected from you, my young friend," returned the Minor Canon, feelingly ; " and my esteem for you is increased tenfold by this acknowledgment. Doubtless you also rejoice at this happy conclusion of a disagree- able affair," ho concluded turning toward John Knight, who after that one glance, had turned his face to the window. He was obliged to face them again, however at this. " J always knew that Bert had a generous soul, though he may bo a trifle hasty at times-bless the boy !" he responded, while he advanced, and clapped his nephew fondly on the shoulder ; but he did not bestow so much as a glance upon Guy. He is so bound up in that boy, that he lias neither eyes nor ears for any one else," said the Minor Canon to hiinself,'and feeling somewhat piqued to have his protege so ignored. " Bless them both, I say !" he remarked heartily. " Ah ! yes," rejoined the choirmaster, as if it had but just occurred to him that anyone save his nephew was worthy of a blessing while he turned to Guy and bent that intense look upon him ; " Mr. Walton, I nighly congratulate you upon your nappy faculty of overcoming your passionate temper in this instance, and of adapting yourself so easily to circumstances." There was something in this speech that made Guy flush hotly-something that stirred the evil in him again, and made him for the instant want to strike the man to the floor j while Mr. Edmonds was also conscious of feeling very uncomfortable over it. But John Knight himself was apparently so in- nocent of having said anything offensive, that they were forced to conceal their displeasure as best they could. An awkward pause was interrupted by the an- nouncement that dinner was served, and all at once repaired to the dining-room. i The meal passed off in the pleasantest manner, [ and they lingered long over it, chatting in a most social and friendly way. Afterwai d they adjourned to the drawing-room, where another hour was spent singing, and in listening to some of John Knight's choicest selections for the piano. At length, however, he arose, saying ho had a voluntary to copy for Christmas Day, and must be excused. " Will you come with me, Bert or shall I leave you for a while longer ?" he asked his nephew. " If you're going to copy music, I shall have a lonely timo of it '" the young man laughingly re- plied, " so if you don't mind going by yourself I will stay a little longer. Walton has been telling mo about some curiosities which ho has promised to show me. " Very well but don't be too late or I shall bo getting jealous of your 'new friend,' " his uncle re- turned in a bantering tone, but with an emphasis upon the last two words which somewhat jarred upon Guy. " And don't make any more engagements," ho added, " for remember, my dearest boy, that you return to London in a few days, and I shall want you to myself as much as possible meantime." Ho shook hands all around and went out, the Minor Canon following him to the door. In the hall he stopped a moment to wind a long black scarf, made of strong, closely knitted silk, around his neck, explaining as he did so, that his throat had been a little tender of late, and he felt the need of protecting it. As he opened the door to go out, a heavy gust of wind struck him full in the face, then it rushed on with a wailing coughing sound, leaving a chill behind, which made him glance wistfully back into the bright and cheerful rooms he had but just left, and which seemed doubly inviting by the contrast Bidding the Minor Canon good-night, the choir- master ran down the steps and disappeared in the darkness. Herbert Knight remained two hours longer in the delightful home of the Minor Canon, but most of this time was spent alone with Guy in his own room, and in examining a cabinet of minerals and curiosities which the young Australian had brought from his distant home. They grew quite confiden tal over these, Guy telling him many things con- nected with his life in that far-off country, and re- lating the adventures with which ho had met while 'making the collection for his cabinet. But the clock on the mantel striking eleven re- minds him of his uncle's admonition " not to stay late," and so going below he bade his kind host on/l Vi/iaf^ica íTnnfí.TníT'hf AnnnnA iirvnf n-nrt linf nnil and hostess good-night, donned coat and hat and was ready to take his departure. " What a wild night it has grown to be !" Guy observed, as he opened the door to let him out. " It is very inhospitable to let you go home in this storm- stay and share my quarters, will you ?" "Thanks, but Uncle John would be anxious," Bert replied, buttoning his coat closer about Ms throat, and shivering as a fierce blast struck him. " I do not believe he will expect you," said Mr. Edmonds, coming out into the hall upon hearing Guy's invitation. "The wind has been howling frightfully for the last hour, and Mr. Knight will think us lacking in hospitality, as Guy says, I fear, if we let you go." t " I think he would be better satisfied if I do, however," Bert replied, yet with a strong desire to stay. " Wait a minute, then," Guy returned, while he hastily threw on his own coat. " I will not let you start out alone. I have not had my usual tramp this evening, and I feel like taking a turn before I sleep ; so I will see yon safely to the bridge, if you do not object to my company." " I shonld be glad enough of it, only don't feel obliged to go out on my account," Bert responded, considerately, yet glad to have him persist in going with him. They went out into the wild night together, while Mr. Ldmonds, shutting the door after them, returned to the cheerful open fire in the drawing roora, rubbing his hands together with a sense of security and comfort, and congratulating himself npon the very pleasant evening he had passed, and the happy adjustment of a difficulty that had lain heavy on his heart for months. Half an hour elapsed and then the door-bell rang. Upon going to answer it, he found his pupil standing without, hatless, his hairitt wild disorder about his face, his clothing soiled vith rand, while his breathing was labored as if finn running, or some violent exertion. " Guy !" exclaimed Mr. Edmotds, astonished, " what is the meaning of this ? Where is your hat ?" \ " I do not know, sir-in the rivet, I fear, and I am very sorry to come back in sucl^t plight," Guy answered, viewing his muddy clojiing with dis* gust! "but just as I was shakiig hands with young Knight on the edge of tin- bridge, there came a fierce gust of wind-you jnow it always blows worse there than anywhere ela -and whisked my hat from my head. -J. sprang b catch it, my foot slipped, aud down I went intothe mud. We looked about for it for a few minuts, but I could not keep Knight, and so came hone without it. It is a wild night, sir, and going to be wilder before morning, I fear." " I fear so too. I wish we could dave kept Mr. Knight with us-ho would have ben much more comfortable, and it would have savedyou from your mishap," Mr. Edmonds said, regretftlly. " I am moro sorry about the hat pan anything else ; you know it was new yesterdaj But then," Guy added with a smile, " There ar things more to be regretted than now hats." ! " That is so. But see ! you have cut your hand in your fall," the Minor Canon sait, pointing to some blood stains upon the young nun's left hand: " That íb so," he returned holdng it up and finding a small cut on the back of it " I did not know it, however, it is a mere scratch, and I must havo struck a sharp stone when I fell" " Come in and lot mother bind it up for you," said the Minor Canon, to whom the ¡tight of blood was exceedingly painful. " It is not worth while," Guy ansfered twisting his handkerchief around it. Then hi added, while his cheek flushed : " I have to thank you, sir, for your great kindness this evening. I believe I am now at peace with all men, and yot have helped me to gain a victory over myself whici once I would not liave believed it possible to gain. Good-night, sir." He held out his hand in a frank nanly fashion, meeting his turor's eyes with a look of confidence and esteem which did the noble man'i heart good. He grasped the extended hand and shook rfc heartily. . " Heaven bless you, my boy, ho saidiffectionately, and, with that benediction falling roon him, Guy Walton passed up stairs to his ro-m, while the Minor Canon well pleased with'the result of his efforts at peace making, sought his' ouch, and was soon quietly sleeping the sleep of tin just. Alas for the dawn and the waking (ï'o be continued.} 