NEEDLES= Short, Sharp, Shiny. Cup day. Mail at Albany. Summer beginning. Two pound nuggets. A welcome to Beach. A bazaar information. Who will win the Cup? An electrical Town Hall. Last week of Parliament? A Sunday-breaking prince. More big finds at Teetulpa. Gold excitement increasing. Destitute Board withdrawing. Electricity half as cheap as gas. Four double figures on our side. The police in their summer togs. Bulgaria must submit to Russia. Lyons got six wickets altogether. Walhalla's Circus doing good biz. More Russian warships at Varna. Now for the slaughtered innocents. Water difficulty obviated at Teetulpa. Last nights of "Fun on the Bristol." Governors to discuss colonial defence. Decrease in city assessment of £81,866. More talking to constituents this week. The Mayor will not come forward again. Have you read the list of large nuggets. Crushing at Mannahill battery this week. Selling liquor without a license at a bazaar. Aldermen Tomkinson and Kither at Albany. The Hotbam Football Club have got their cup. The Gaiety Theatre in Brisbane abruptly closed. Railway line almost cleared as far as Pine Creek. A compromise proposed to the Destitute Board. The Prince of Wales has held a meeting on Sunday. What will become of Private Kingston's motion? The Government are awaiting the progress of events. The Sobranje are going to elect a Prince of Bulgaria. It is not intended to distil the water at Teetulpa. General Kaulbars evades the challenge of the Ministry. Are we to have the Town Hall lighted by electricity? Conservator Jones says, "Don't rush to the goldfields." A relief depot in Sydney called after Lord Carrington. Englishmen, 329; South Australians, 99 for seven wickets. The first of Millar Brother's boats has arrived at Port Darwin. No date mentioned with regard to that Sunday meeting. The future king of England has been break- ing the Sabbath. In the N.T. they show prisoners the scaffold before conviction. "Every day this goldfield has a more per- manent appearance." The ghost doesn't walk in Farley's Opera Company in Brisbane. Conservator Jones fully believes in the genuinness of Teetulpa. Many are the expectations to-day. Will the disappointments be great? "The lighting of the Town Hall by elec- tricity is perfectly practicable." The date of his birth having recently been called in question, Whittier wrote:—"I cannot say positively from my personal knowledge when I was born, but my mother told me it was on December 17, 1807, and she was a very truthful woman." The Western Steam Navigation Company only have a balance of profit of £110 for the half- year's transactions owing to excessive and in- jurious competition and the demand of crews for increased wages. The western steam com- panies intend to agree to a uniform scale of freight. The Governor of Kaiser Wilhelm's Land has found Kaiserin Augusta River, which enters the sea near Cape de la Torre, navigable as far as long. 142° E. From this point a tribu- tary runs into the interior for a distancs of over 300 kilometres in a south-westerly direction. The debt of British-India is increasing with considerable rapidity. A loan of £6,000,000 has just been placed in England, makiDg the total of such loans since 1874 £28,000,000. The rates of interest> have been 3, 3½., and 4 per cent., and the prices at which the securities have been marketed 85 to 103. Lord Rowton's biography of the Earl of Beaconsfield is ready for publication. The proofs were shown to. Mr. Gladstone of all the passages which refer to him, and he protested against their publication, Lord Rowton there- upon consented to defer their publication for the present. Surveys made during the past two years have shown that the River Rhone has cut for itself a channel in the bottom of Lake Geneva, through which it flows between parallel banks, like an ordinary stream on the earth's surface. The Rhine makes a similar passage through Lake Constance. The German newspapers state that start- ling experiments have been made in Berlin with a new description of shell, charged with gun-cotton, which produces most extraordinary results. No kind of defensive works, no matter how solid, it is stated, are capable of resisting so destructive a projectile. Cotton sewing and crochet yarns are thought in Germany to be articles in which a good trade may be cultivated with Russia, as they are not manufactured to any extent in that country. English firms draw the attention ot the Russian public to their cottons by means of tastefully executed placards. It is stated that Mr. Michael Davitt, who is now making a tour through the United States, is being followed through Michigan by a stenographer in the pay of the British Government, who is taking down the speeches delivered. According to report, however, Mr. Davitt's speeches have been temperate. An English official in India tells of a French Catholic priest who, receiving a legacy of a few thousand francs, started on a visit to Europe after long service, and with most joyful anticipations. He got as far as Jub- bulpore where he found a very needy church, to which he gave all his money and returned to his field to work. Arrangements have been made by the British and German Governments for the delimitation of the territories in Zanzibar, East Africa, which are under the influence of the two countries respectively. Dr. R. Kraull, formerly German consul in Sydney, has ar- rived in London to act as German representa- tive in the work of delimitation. A report on the newspapers of the world has been laid before the Imperial German Diet. From this it would seem that there exist in all 34,000 newspapers, the total issues of which duiirg the year amount to 592 millions, Of these 19,000 appear in Europe, 12,000 in North America, 775 in Asia, and 609 in South America, while the English language claims 16,500, the German 7,800, the French 3,850, and the Spanish 1,000. The Duchesse de Luynes has started with her son and daughter for a tour through the United States. The only other instance of any Parisian great lady doing such a thing occurs, so far as I recollect, in one of Mrs. Stowe's novels. I think it is "The Minister's Wooing" where the Marquise de Frontignac nearly gets herself into dreadful trouble, but is led into the right path by a New England damsel, born, like so many of her successor (in the novels of her countrymen), to set a good example to poor lost Europe. Miss Cleveland (the President's sister) began her career as editor of Literary Life by some rather trenchant measures. She claimed the right of revising the advertisements, and elimi- nated all announcements of cosmetics and patent medicines with an unsparing hand, re- moving also her name from the title-page with the remark that the paper must stand or fall on its own merits. How thankful the Presi- dent's bride ought to feel that so determined a sister-in- law decided not to make a third at the White House. The custom of princes to wear the military uniform of the country to whose sovereign they pay a visit dates only back to the time of Frederick the Great. It was he who in 1770, seven years after the close of the seven years' war, visited Emperor Joseph of Austria at Castle Neustadt, in Moravia, and fearing lest the sight of the blue uniforms of the victorious Prussians mighty not find favor in the eyes of the vanquished, he ordered for himself and the officers of his entourage, white fancy uniforms, richly embroidered with silver, thus resembling the uniforms of several of the Austrian regiments. What was a delicate attention then has now become a standing custom. 