Freetrade Association Papers. No. 6. WOOL AND LABOUR. By W. H. Sottor, M.L.O. Many years sinoe the late Rev. Or. J. D. Lang was a member of our Assembly. As a general rulo he was afflicted with ' squnttophobia.' On ono occasion he was dolivering a violent tirade of abuse against that much reviled olais, the wool-growers. Having completed his oration, ho sat himself down by a member who was a station- holder, and who was also a Scotchman, as was the Dootor. As soon as the Doctor hnd reaovered his wind said his neighbour, ' Whaat's tho reason dootor yo'ro always pitohing into the squatthors.' ' Weol, yo seo,' said he, ' she's suoh a gran' auld coo' she'll always Btan' milking.' My objeot in writing this paper is to prove tho truth of the doctor's words, to show what a ' gran' auld coo' tho pastoral interest ha? been to New South Wales, to show how sho has freely poured forth the streaming riohnoss that has given life and activity to many other industries — in short, to show that as an omployer of labor this ' gran' auld coo' has been in the past, and must bo for a long time in tho future our principal source of national wealth and prosperity. I venture to think that this inquiry comes at an appropriate time, whon we find, a seotion of tbo community publishing a political pro gramme which expresses ' dissatisfaction with a policy (?) whioh has mado our intorior a sheep-walk.' Nature has, fortunately, or un fortunately, made our interiors an admirable recoptaolo for the digestion of mutton, and our baoks and limbs seem, from my rheumatic point ot view, at least to roquiro garments made of wool to. cover them. Whether or not the destrueton of our interior as a sheep-walk will emise our interiors and outer bodies to rejoice is n matter for question. However, it is worth considering if cheap animal food and woollen covering has not some slight advantages to poor practical mor tals, who regard hunger and cold »nd nakedness as things not easily borne with. To return to ' our muttons.' In doing_ so I must apologise for using some figures, which aro always very dry reading. But as the destruction of tho pas toral industry is threatened, I humbly desiro to point out to those who are about to wage such a fierco war against it, just in mercy's sake to stay thoir hands whilo tho poor little monso makes his humble petition and shows cause why execution should bo delayed at least for a season. In round numbers our ' intorior shoon walks ' carry some 36,000,000 (thirty-six mil lions) of the most usoful animal that mankind has fno doubt under very mistaken rlews) do mesticated. Howovor, tbero thoy are, for some useful purposo let us hope. I remember once dining at a lodging house, and among tho guests wasB. clergyman ot rather peculiar appearance and of deop sepulchral voice. 8te,wed quinces was one of the principal after dishes ; and let mo say, in passing, that stewed quinces with cream and sugar is a very palatable conclusion to even a, saddle of mutton. During one of thoso pauses that sometimes will happen even in the livoliost company, our friend with tho sepulchral voioo broke silenco. The Ghost in ' Hamlet' oould not have made his statement more solemnly or deliberately. Anxious to catoh any word to relieve tho monotony, wo all stayed tho mar.ticatory process and listened, 'A most exoollont vcgotablo is tho quinco ; you may bake them, you may boil thom, and you may mako jam ofthom.' Well you may do tho same with tho shoop, only moro so. Now thoso 30,000,000 of sheep, (or sonio silly purposo of thoir owners, are yearly donudod of thoir wool. Tho amount paid directly to tho porsonB who perform . this operation is at the rate of £1 (one pound) nor hundred, or a sum of £360,000 (three hundred and sixty thousand pounds). - So far as I can; learn1 tub' average number a 'shearer will shear in ? the season Is , probably about 4000 (tour thousand), and . hore . ' I think I am rather over than under stating the number ; that' means that some 9000 (nine thousand) persons are employed in this occupation. Oortainly, they are not employed for a very long period, but they make ex ceptionally high wages while the work for four months is going on— say, from 10s to 25s per day. Now the -wool having been taken off must bo rolled and sorted and packed, and this entails an outlay of at least another 10s per hundred sheep, or £180,000 spent on use ful labour. Then tho wool must be carted to the railway, and as in. round numbers the quantity will bo some 80,000 tons, the average price paid will probably bo some £3 per ton or £240,000 more. Now, these sums amounting to £780,000 go directly into the pockets of those who call themselves the ' working men,' and from them it passes away to moro workine men who have to supply their wanta, to shoe mnkors and tailors, tobacco growers and makers, harness makers, wheelwrights, and blacksmiths, and others too numerous to particulariBe. Now, to this spring season har vest from the wool shearing, I must add the amount paid in manual labour. Thore arc at least 36O0 'boundary riders,' at a cost of about £70 per annum each, equal to £252,000. Then there nre overseers and storekeepers and bookkeepers required, whose wnges will probably total a. sum of £11)0,000, which bring up the annual wage paid out of tho sheep-walks to £1,182,000 (one million one hundred and eighty-two thousand pounds). In addition to this, we should add a sum (whioh it is impossible for me to obtain) paid to the employes on the railway lines for tho work they do in connect -in with wool ; also the amount paid to carters, ware housemen, dumpers, wharf laborers, and sea men, who get something out of every bale of wool that passes through thoir hands at tho seaports. It must bo obvious to all then the ' gran' auld coo' drops a good deal of very nutritious milk as she coos alone. Now wo must oonsidor the amount spend in labor, but not a neoessary annual expenditure. What I [ mean is an expenditure not repeated upon evory sheop- walk, but an expenditure that has enormously increased the carrying capabilities of the country, and thoreby added much to its wealth. This expenditure is that for permanent improvements by buildings, fenoing, water supply, and ringbarking. For somo of these items, building and ringbarking, I have not been ablo to obtain reliable data. But we know that some 776,230 miles of fencing have been erected at a coot £39,588,189, that is, some 40,700 stoek-holdors havo expended as muoh money in fencing alone as will equal more than half the revenue of Great Britain, and nearly tho whole national debt of Now South Wales. No doubt a considerable part of this amount has been paid to our fellows in England (the iron^workersV and bas: enabled them to buv nnd use more of our wool, ithus conferring a double blessing. For water supply 12,815 dams have been constructed, at a cost of £1.470,752, and 19,573 tanks, for which £3|679,724 have been paid. Wells havo been sunk to tho number of 2648, and the well sinkors have earned theroby £683,184. The total sum then paid away in the last twenty, five years tor permanent improvements has been equal to £45,471,186. I say 25 years, be cause to the best of my recollection very little of anything had been spent in this way before 1860\. I must leave buildings and ringbarking out of my calculation for want of sufficient in formation. But independently of tho buildings required upon the sheep-walks themselves, I think we may fairly credit to the wool all the labor employed in the erection of the towns situated in the pastoral areas, and among them I should reckon Bourke, Wilcannia, Went worth. Hay, Narrandera, Condobolin, Dubbo, Deniliquin, Wagga Wagga, and many others, with their buay populations of distributors and workmen all dependent upon tho '? auld coo' for their drop of milk, I regret that I have no reliable information aboutringbarking, whieh I look upon as one of the greatest improvements that can be done upon the land. And here I will state that my old friond, Mr. Thomas , Hungerford, M.L.A., is tho man to whom the thanks of this community are due for this improvement. To show tho effect I will -simply stata my own expsrienco, I. havo. an interest in a station whieh before ' selection' contained somo 40,000 aores of good open forost land. In that condition no more than 15,000 sheep could bo kept upon it. Tho property is reduoed to 20,000 aores now.it isallringbarkcd. and this year 20,000 sheep and 7000 lambs wil bo shorn, and in tho paddocks there is aotually too muoh grass. It will be soon theD that nearly twios as many sheep aro upon halt as much land as the country would carry in its natural state, and tho animals aro better kopt. This additional increase in tho capability is due principally to rinpbarking. I bad almost forgotten to draw attention to the millions of money spent in labour in taking the railways into tho pastoral distriots, and tho double benefit this has conferred upon the work ing man. It has found him employment and has provided him with animal food muoh ohoapor than he could otherwise havo procured it. ThiB paper is far from being exhaustive: it is intended to bo more suggestive than comploto. But in traoing effects to their causes it will bo soon how muoh of our natural prospority depends upon that industry which nature, who is not by any moans a fool, points out as tho bost adapter to our position. Wo may depend upon it that othor industries as they aro required will develop themselves, and that tho attempt to oxtraot ' 3unbeams from ououmbors ' in order to warm the world had muoh bettor be delayed until a more profitable result is obtainable than our present needs and soiontifio knowledge either require or make possiblo 