Our Easter Holidays. ————♦———— If I had to go before a jury of my fellow- countrymen, to answer for the delay in forwarding these promised notes, I should certainly elect to be tried by twelve good men and true chosen from those of our Mounted Rifles who carried out their determination to devote their Easter holidays to to the military authorities, for the purpose of initiation into the preliminary mysteries of the art of war, and of gaining useful knowledge at the expense of a little trouble and hardship. I would need only to make the excuse that I had been " suffering a recovery," and I am sure I would be voted a clean sheet right away. Not that any of us regret our trouble or would miss the opportunity when it again comes round ; but when that opportunity does come, guided by the experience gained during our initiation, we would doubtless manage our varied duties more systematically and with much less labor and loss of time. Nor is the example set us by our two veterans likely to be lost upon us, for on the next occasion an earlier hour will pro- bably find us amongst our straw, taking well-earned rest and preparing for the morrow's work, which in camp begins just a shade earlier than do most of our ordinary avocations. Our experiences began at three o'clock on Thursday, morn- ing, when we hurried out at the sound of the bugle and prepared for the trucking of our horses by the special train which was to arrive at Euroa with the Violet Town contingent at four o'clock. Our muster of 36, including the Major and the Drill Instructor, was pretty fair, although a turnout of about 50 had been confidently expected from the E. Company. The Yea contingent were particularly unfortunate ; through negleting to forward names in the specified time, the Department was unable to make the necessary arrangements for their transport, and about a dozen fellows were disappointed. One of their number rode across and joined us at Seymour, but the necessity for this course was not known at Yea early enough to admit of the others doing likewise. Our stay at Spencer street was short, and we arrived at the Geelong station about dinner time. The horses were untruckcd and taken to water, nosebags and feed served out, and a couple of busy hours were spent in taking over and distributing horses' head ropes, and wallets, and great- coats for each man. One heavy down- pour of rain, which greeted our arrival at Geelong, caused us to regret that the greatcoats had not been delivered in time to allow of their being sent up to the various companies before starting, and so saving wet skins all round. However, a good meal and a peaceful pipe served to banish all care, and made us feel fit for the work we had before us—a midnight ride of sixteen miles to camp. It had been expected that the whole regiment of Mounted Rifles would have been able to start for Queenscliff before 5 o'clock, but owing to the late arrival of the Gippsland companies, it was nearly 10 before the regiment, with Lieut.-Col. Price, marched out from the Geelong station along the well-formed road to Queenscliff. The rain, which had ceased for the night, served to lay the dust, which otherwise would have been troublesome, and the bright moonlight improved the journey considerably. It was late, or rather early, when, amidst cheering from the assembled camp, we arrrived at our lines, and filed immediately to stables, which consisted of a rope run- ning parallel with the line of tents, and picketted firmly into the ground at inter- vals. The horses' head ropes were tied to this main rope, and their feed laid down before them. But their main trouble was in the rear, in the shape of heel ropes, or shackles of leather, for both hind legs, attached to about 10 feet of rope and pegged out in the rear. It seemed a mystery to most of us why the horses took it so quietly : in fact they must either have been too tired to move about sufficiently to find out what was the mat- ter, or else they fell asleep and forgot all about it. Everything and everybody was now fixed up excepting our officers. Our faithful fatigue party had overlooked the officers' tent, which had been made a depot for over twenty unclaimed swags, and which, for want of the necessary trench around the outside, carried nearly enough water to fish in. However, the swags were duly deposited outside and covered over, and a shovel soon squared the matter of the water supply. No bedding in the shape of straw had been put into this cheerful tent, but fortunately our fatigue party had considered it their duty to pro- vide their own tent with a double supply, which now came in as handy as a gimlet, and by two o'clock the last wearied sol- dier sank to sleep, to be rudely awakened by the cheers which greeted the arrival of the Sandhurst and Castlemaine men before daybreak. With them arrived two of our late birds, in the shape of bank clerks who were unable to leave Euroa before close of business on Thursday. Mixed up with the rear of the Sandhurst brigade, they were enabled to pass successfully into our lines, and glad were we to see them, for one of them, by his skill in turning the uninviting bone into savoury stew, jumped at a bound into foremost place at the cooking trenches, and blazed his name upon the scroll of flame. This same flame is worth a word of explanation, a cooking trench for each company is dug in the ground in the shape of the letter T , about a foot deep and nine inches wide. Into this trench the wood is placed,sur- mounted by the pots and boilers, and the draught underneath the utensils sends a flame along sufficient to boil a bullock. The cooking utensils also were unique in their way, their chief merit from a mili- tary point of view being the compact man- ner in which they could be packed together in a nest. All the lids had neatly-folding handles, and formed useful frying-pans. Patent steamers with frying-pan lids fitted on to the various pots and boilers, and, lastly, came the elephant gridirons, as large as a small door, on which you could fry an enemy whole. The day's rations were drawn by the cook's party at 6 p.m.; sufficient for the meal was then cooked and served out to each tent, in large tin dishes divided into three or four compartments. After the meal the cooks' party for the day, who remained in camp, collected all the utensils, and made every- thing straight during the absence of their comrades on duty. The " Reveille," pre- ceded by three G's (denoting the head quarters' bugler), was sounded shortly after 5.30 every morning. Quite a novelty in its way to most of us was the rising of the sun, a sight which we shall probably not see for another twelve months, though it will doubtless occur with its accustomed regularity. By sunrise the horses were being led to water in companies , and half a dozen men were kept busy sweeping back the straw and litter of the stable lines, ready for the operations of the rub- bish carts. Horses and accoutrements were at once cleared up, tents squared, and everything finished before breakfast, which was served at 8 o'clock. Shortly afterwards the whole regiment of Mounted Rifles was paraded, to the number of about 270, and moved out for its first experience. The rain, however, came downs heavily, fortunately for the last time during the encampment, and we returned to camp. After dinner reconnaisance was made in the direction of Barwon Heads. The scrub-riding here served as a preliminary to our work though the ti-tree scrub on Saturday, and at the bottom of a ravine we parted com- pany for a time with Lieut. Rupert Clarke's spiteful little Nordenfeldt battery, which could not climb up the precipitous side of the hill without assistance. After return to camp, a rapid and very satisfac- tory settlement was made with the owners of the 4 horses which were killed in the trucks, and also with the Mounted Rifleman whose horse broke its neck fight- ing against the heel-roping. Tea-time, then a general brightening and burnishing of bits and irons, followed by the blessed smoke, and we gladly obeyed the bugle call, "lights out," at 9.15, preparing for a good night's rest in anticipation of a heavy day's work ; but our hopes were blighted, for during the night a fearful smell stole gently up the lines, and for a time banished all thoughts of sleep. Some thought the boiling-down establishments had broken loose ; others, that the ghost of the horse longest dead had come round to find out who had been mean enough to continue drawing his forage. But the solution was a shock to us all. Our senior corporal had fallen into the manave- lin pit ! he had been caterwauling round at midnight, looking for something to eat perhaps (seeing his friends, he said), and had made an ignominious descent into the cook's scrap-pit. What to do with him was the next trouble ; boiling was suggested, but this was impossible, as he only possessed the usual soldier's kit on a forced march, viz., what he stood up in. The suggestion of his only relative to bury him to leeward of their tent was as cruel as a suggestion from the neighbour- ing lines to revert to the barbarous practice of tarring and feathering. Be- sides, to leeward of our tent would be to windward of another, so we bravely made up our minds to take it calmly, and try to snatch a few hours' sleep as best we could preparatory to our baptism of fire in the morning. (To be Continued.) 