SPIRITED AWAY [From Chambers's Journal.] In Thbee Chapters.—Chappeb II. After the servant left the room, except for the opening or shutting of a distant door once or twice, no sounds from without were audible. I neither saw nor heard anything either of Karavich or the others. But scarcely hai M. Legros risen from the table when once more we heard the noise of wheels—the noise as of some heavy vehicle, which, after being driven slowly up to the house, came to a halt. In the hush which followed one could hear the pawing of the horses on the gravel and the champing of tlieir bits. I noticed that my companion was listening as intently as I was. "I must ask you to remain here till I rejoin you," he said presently. " I shall not be in ire than a few minutes away and with that he smiled, nodded, aud It ft trie room. I had plenty of food for thought during his absence; but those readers who have followed me thus far will scarcely need to be enlightened as to the teDor of my reflections. Th-y were anything but comforting. Scant time was, however, afforded me lor perplexed brood ing8, I'resentiy a distant d.or seemed to open, and then came the half-hushed sound of the footsteps of several people advancing along the coiridor into which the door of my room opened, then passir g the door itself, and then b-ing gradually lost in the di.-tance. The men, whoever they might be, walked slowly and carefully, and as though they were carryiug some heavy burden. A few moments later I could distinguish the voices of several people talking in low toneB outside the house. Sly curiosity overmastered my prudence. The room had two win dows, both of them having Venetian blinis, now closely shut, and, in addition, long heavy curtains that reached tli9# ground. Crossing quielcly to one of the windows I stepped behind the curtain, and then cautiously raising one of the laths of the blind little way I peered through the crevice. The sight which met my eye3 wa3 one that might well make the blood of a braver man than I profess to b9 run cold. The fog had cleared away, aud by the aid of the starlight I c mid just make out what seemed to me the outlines of a hearse with a pair of horses standing a few yards away in the c-' urtyard or space of ground which front id the house. While I was still stariDg at this grim apparition a couple of men carrying lighted lanterns appeared on the scene, then I saw clearly that the object I had been gazing at was indeed a hearae, but denuded of its plumes. But scarcely had I time to note this when a procession of some half-dozen men appeared, walking two and two, and carrying on their shoulders something long, black, and heavy. For one moment I was puzzled, and then the dread certainty flashed upon me that the burden they bent under was a coflin, but not an empty one.'When they camewithintheditn circle of lignt given out by the lanterns it became plainly visible. I could bear no m >re. I let the blind drop, and turned away with a cold sick dread at my heart such as I had never felt before. Had a murder just been perpetrated under the silent roof, and if so ? A dozen ghastly questions surged through my braia, not one of which I was able to answer. A few minutes later I heard, through my half-dazed senses, the hearse move away a little distance, and a second vehicle drive up and take its place. Then in came M. Legro3 in his over coat and hat. "All is in readiness for the second stage of our journey," he said, as he rubbed his chilled hands for a few moments over the fire. I did not answer hiui. He looked sharply at me, and as he did so a cold, dangerous glitter came into his eye3. His gazed travelled to the window, and then back to my face, and then he muttered something under his breath that sounded like a malediction. He was still bendiBg over the grate; but when next his eyes met mine all trace of annoyance had vanished. "You look as white, my friend, as if you had just seen a ghost," he remarked with that inscrutable smile of his. "You have gone too long without food. However, there's no time now. Here, drink this," he added; and with that he crossed to the table and poured out a small glass of some sort of liqueur. I took it mechanically and drank it. Then Legros handed me the fur-lined cloak and my hat, and then he said—" Once more, aud I hope for the last time." With that he produced the silk muffler and bandaged my eyes; then taking me by the hand he led me from the room. 