Revision of the Prayer Book. {Sydney Morning Herald,) At the sitting of the 8} nod on Friday last, the Bishop of Ballarat moved,—"That this synod is of opinion that the Prayer Book of the Churoh of England atanda urgently in need^ of auch revision as "will augment its flexibility, variety, and comprehensiveness, without intro ducing any doctrinal changes, and zespeotfully submits this expression of its opinion to the authorities of the Church of England, earnestly hoping tnat they may, in their wis dom, see fit to originate early action in this matter." The speaker said the resolution which stood in his name was brought forward by him five years ago. The Prayer Book, Kl in his opinion, required some revision. He did not propose that they (the synod) should attempt to revise tho Book of Common Prayer, hut they could make certain representations to the authorities to the effeot that a revision was desirable. The Prayer Book had been in use for over 200 years, and they ought to know something of its merits and defects. It was a wondrously and incalculably valuable hook to all of them, find he yielded to nobody in tho «ynod in his profound admiration of the chaste language of that volume. He did not rise to attack tho book; on the contrary, he love acd revered it too much to attaok it; hut he did sr*y that the book was open to revision. It had been icviged fonr times already, and it would bo quite reasonable to have it revised again. The moment the American Church got free from the Act of Uniformity it betook itself to the work of re vising the Prayer Book; and the great Church of Ireland, as soon as it was freed from the Act, followed ihe same course. He then quoted extensively from the remarks which have been mado on the subject of the revision of the Bork of Common Prayer by the Bishop of Win cheater, the Bishop of Bedford, the Bishop of Norwich, and other learned men of all schools of thought, tho whole of whom were decidedly in favour of some alteration of the book. He also said that Lord Nelson had stated that some of the services in the book were not at all suited to many members of the Church, and did not meet the require ments cf tho great mam of ihe people. Having need the Prayer Book incessantly for years, and formt d an opinion regarding its merits acd defeots, the lev. gentleman said that a deliberate conviction bad been formed in hi* mind that nothing other than a renewed baptism tf pywer from the Holy Ghost was more impotent to the life and prosperity of the church than tho revision of the book. He then alluded to the rigidity in Btjlo acd direc tion, and the lack of variety which character ised tho volume. In his opinion it was, in many reepeot», tomewbat monotonous. Hedid not think the great bulk of their people took spontaneously to* the rigid style of the Prayer Book, and there was an outcry for shorter services. Tho effect of the rigidity of tho style in the took was ultimately to bring about disobedience. At the present time he did not believe that the rubrics were obeyed strictly. Aa a matter of fact, only half the burial service was used in Ausualia. (Cries of " Oh. oh !") Well, ho was vtry glad to be corrected, and ho would withdraw the remark. Bo had been told that tho Church of Home provided greater liberty of notion for the clergy, and the clergymen 'cf tho English Church mu*fc either go to Borne or duBent, or violate their declaration if they wanted greater freedom. Bop'efetreil to agitate for the lawful authority to get certain Improvements brought • about in tho btok which was to dear to all of tbem. Be then dealt with the objections which might be raised against the revision. I hero would, bo said, be no daDger from s proper revision of the work as long aa the altera tions did not involve i»ny doctrinal changes. It was marvellous to him to find the people of a Reformed Church protesting against tho revision of the Book cf Common Prayer. Tho revision cf tho work was not ittp^BiiblOj .and they must have it revised either with the", con sent of tho English Parliament or without it. If they could not got a roform in their liturgy, then let them he free and let them be discs tab- ^ fished. One advantago of passing the resolu tion would ho that tho question of the .revision would be brought under tho notice of the great authoritiort in England. The subject would then be properly considered by the Lambeth Conference, and he thought that tho result of the consideration would ho to further the cause , of the Church of England. - \ Archdeacon Beams, in seconding tho.motion, ^ ; said ho advocated in certain respects a revision . I of tbo Book t-1 Common Prayer. He yielded to I none in his admiration for and in hia attachment to the book, and it was because ha so greatly ad- ... ; mired it and was'so greatly attaohedto.it that he , i wished to eeo it mado Adaptable to the under standings and tho needs of his fello.w*,ol)Qrflh- . men of the present generation. Some of the language oontiined in the book was antiquated, and not easily understood by the , people, Farther, some" of the language ho uiea misleading to those who used. There was great need of snort being given to the officiating ministers. The Athanasian Creed was a noble symbol—(hear, hear)-bat it wae hardly understood by the great majority of the poople. Some liberty jhonld also be allowed in the uso of the bnrial service; and a number of collects specially adapted for nse in families were also wanted. [Bi Tklhqeaph.J Sydney, Monday. The General Bynod resumed its sittings to. day, whon the following business was trans acted : The Bishop of Adelaide moved,—"That a Seleot Committee be appointed to consider and report at the present session on tho subjeet of the authority of primates nnd metropolitans, suoh committee to comprise the Bishop of New castle, the Bishop of Ballarat, the Bishop of Tasmania, tho Dean of Melbourne, Arohdoaoon Devonport, Archdeacon Farr, Canon Selwyn, Canon Handfield, Hon. W. H. Suttor, Messrs. Winter, Cook, W. Tarleton, W. Thomas, Robertson, and the mover." Carried. Canon Selwyn moved,—"That a Seleot Committee bo appointed, to consist of Archdeacon Bosb, Archdeacon Campbell, Archdeacon Cooper, Canons Handheld and Greer, the Bovb. J. X). Langley, O. G. Robinson, Hon. Edward Knox, Messrs. Wm. Tarleton and A. J. Gould, the Bev. W. J. K. Piddington, Arohdeaoon Farr, and the mover, to further oonBider and formulate all the details of a eoheme in har mony with the report presented to this synod, making provision for assistance to tho widpws and orphans of olergy, and to olergy incapa citated throngh age or siekneis, by means of insurance, to be effected under arrangements with established insurance offices, and to re port to the synod during the present session." Carried. The Bishop of Newcastle resumed the adjonrned debate on the following motion moved by the Bishop of Ballarat,—"That this synod is of opinion that the prayer book of the Ohnreh of England stands urgently in need of snoh revision sb will augment its flexi bility, variety, and comprehensiveness without introducing any dootrinal changes, and respect fully submits this expression of its opinion to the authorities of the chnrch in England, earnestly hoping that they may, in their wis dom, see fit to originate early action in this matter." The BiBhop of Newcastle moved the following amendments: " (I) That this Bynod is of opinion that snch a ohange in the law regulating the use of the Book of Common Prayer and the administration of the saoramouts and other rites and ceremonies of the chnroh as would allow a wide adaptation of various creeds is greatly to be desired; (2.) That it should he declared -within the power of the Ordinary to sanction the use of occasional service prayers and thanksgivings, as oironmstanoeBmay in his judgement require, without being limited to the language of Holy Soriptnre and the Book of Common Prayer; (3.) That it is desirable that the services of Intercession for Missions and for varione other special occasions should be sanctioned for general nse; and the synod respeotfnlly submits' this expression of its opinion to the anthorities of the chnrch in England, earnestly hoping that in their wisdom they may see fit to inaugurate early action in this matter." These amendments werecarried. The Bev. F. T. Whittington resumed the ad journed debate on the following motion, moved by the Bev. F. S. Poole,—"That the synod is of opinion that inoreaaed agency is required to enable the (church to reach all olasses of the community, and respeotfnlly requests the bishops to consider whether by an extension of the fdiaoonate, or by tho revival of what are known as the 'sub-orders,' or by any other moono St,l„ a,™.-,, -.a- tu, " Tha moans thiB agency may not be created." The motion wae carried. Canon Howell's motion " That the next general synod be held in Mel bourne," was withdrawn. Canon Chalmers moved, "That with a view to promote the systematic etndy of theology amoDg the olergy it is expedient that an examining body, with power to oonfer degrees and certificates in divinity, be established by the general synod in connection with the dioceses in Australia and Tasmania, or, in oase this shonld be found im practicable, that the general synod shonld enter into relatione with suob-universities in England or elBewbero as may be willing to hold ex amination for divinity degrees within the said diooeses." Carried. Sydney, Wednesday. BTTbe General Synod fittings were resumed yesterday. Canon Chalmers moved,—4'That a oommittee consisting of the mo«t rev. the Primate, the Bishop of Ballarat, Bishop of Adelaide, Bishop of Tasmania, Arohdeaoon King, Arohdeaoon Davouport, Arohdeaoon ' Marryat, Archdeacon Parr, Archdeacon Cooper, Canon Gunther, Canon Stance, Sir TV. F. Stawell, and tho mover ho appointed to oon Bider tho best means of giving effect to tho I resolution referring to divinity examinations j and degrees, and to report to tho next meeting . of the general synod," which was carriod. | The Bishop of Ad<laido moved,—"That this Bynod desires to plaoo on rocord its solemn | eonse of the ovil of the unhappy divisions among professing Christians, and | throngh his Graoe the Arohbiahop of Canter bury respectfully prays that a conference of bishops be assembled at Lambeth, in 1888, | to oonsidor in what manner stops should bo taken to promote greater visible unity among those who hold tho same oreed," which was carried, Tho Bishop of North Queensland moved—"That tho reoent annexation of a por tion of Now Guinoa imposes diroct obligation npon the ohnroh to provide for tho spiritual welfare both of tho nativos and tho settlers, and that as the mission should be conducted on an adequate soale and provision made for a considerable outlay, its expense should bo shared by all the dioceses in Australia; and, farther, that the board of missions bo requested to oolleot information, with a viow to imme diate action." This was oarriod. Tbo Bishop of North Queensland moved,—" That the memorandum issued by tho Arch bishop of Canterbury, defining the terms and conditions on whioh the Colonial Clergy Aot will be applied, renders desirable the adoption of the Cambridge preliminary as the uniform etandard of examination for o&ndidates; for holy prderi, Thatinordertoavoiddolaystepabetaken to form a board of examiners in correspondence | with the examiners in England. Further, that the genenl synod recommends candidates to graduate at some accredited university, and advises that increased facilities be soncht for clergy and candidates in the direction indicat jd by the university of Durham." An amendment was moved by the Bishop of Newcastle, seconded by the BiBbop of Brisbane, "That all the words after the word 'that' in the first line be omitted, with a viow to substituting the following words: ' This synod recommends the establishment of a board of examination in correspondence with the board of examiners for the English theological preliminary examina tion, especially in view of the consideration suggested by the recent memorandum of the Archbishop of Oanterhnry.' " The amendment was oarried, and the sittings adjourned. Sydney, "Wednesday. The synod resumed ito sittings to-day. On the motion of the Bishop of Ballarat, "Deter mination No. 2 " was read a second time. On the motion of the* Bishop of Gonlhurn, "Da termination No. 1" was read a second time. The Bi-hop of North Queensland moved that '"A scheme for the insurance of chnrches and parsonages by the'church itsolf, in the manner adopted by mercantile and shipping companies, would be praotioable and profitable; that the saving effected by such self-insurance might be 1 applied either to the formation of a Central Ohurch Extension Fund for the ereotion of I churches and parsonagr-s, or for the rednotion of insurance premiums; and further, that a subcommittee be formed to consider the details of tho scheme." Mr. W. X?. Morris i proposed the following amendment, which was duly fccconded: "That a committee bs ap pointed to inquire and report whether it would be praotioable and profitable to establish an insurance fund for the insurance of churches and parsonages by the church itself," and it was carried. Tho Bishop of Ballarat moved, and it was seconded by the Bishop of Mel bourne: "That the General Synod having received, through the Primate, a communica tion from the Archbishop of Canterbury, ad dressed to the Metropolitan of Australia, inviting their concurrence in the observance of a time for speoial intercession for missions, resolves that the concurrence on the part of the Church of England in Australia and Tas mania be heartily accorded to the pro posal." Carried. It was then proposed to recommend, accordingly, the observance of any day in the week before Advent, with preference for the eve of St. Andrew's Day, as the day of saoh speoial intercession. The Bishop of Goulburn moved, "Th-it this synod respectfully requests the Archbishop of Canterbury .to oenvey to the Revision Cjm mittee who have given to the English-speaking race a sew version of the Old Testament, the grateful thanks of this synod for their earnest, BucceBBfnl, and xnoBt deeply interesting Ubours, and to express their sense of the value of the results which, under God's blessing, have been attuned." Carried. The motion of the Hon G. H. Cox, "That in the opinion of this synod it was desirable that the revised edition of the Bible should be used in the churohes of Australia and Tasmania," was withdrawn, and Mr. Monorieff moved s resolution, which was carried, affirming that the propriety of intro ducing the revised version into the pnolio ser vices of the Chnroh of England in Australia and Tasmania should be respectfully referred by synod to the bench of Bishops, with the request that they should take action in the matter. The synod then adjourned until to 