C|f |libfrinf iPUBLSHED . DAILY). Echcoa : |Tuesday, November 23, 1880 INCREASE OF CRIME. The Pall Mall Gazette tails attention to the coiiip naivi' increase of crime in ISduIuuU, whwh U. considers iivl oates not progress, but very serious decline in the elements ol national prosperity. But the Pall Mall Gazette continually reiterating " what a wicked world this :s," hus ceased to alarm us muoli. However, Professor Golilwiu Smith also writes in tho same strain, and stores that a passion for excitement "s ems to threaten the soWirty »nd steadiness of English charac ter as much as'its fortitude is threatened by luxury." He appears to assume that religion is dei.d, and ^ces on to say that " it wi-uld surely not be wonderful it', in the moral interregnum between therein oi religion and that of science, supposing tiint a reign of science is coming, self indulu«nc" should bfcome mce unre strained." We confess that there is much in nil this that wo totally disagree with. In the (list pl-iCe there is noi a gioat'ir (ins-ion for eitcit rnent. ut the present tiiiie than there was in the past. We hnve no gamblers now of the old type, who would p'ay for forty-ei^ht hours at a stretch. The ootntc song an" the break down have succeeded the thrilling melo drama, and both iii business and play there is an evergrowing tendency to tuko things ni're easily. 'The prize-fight, tho bull- baiting, thp cock-fight and badger drawing have been suppressed ; public executions have been done away with, and many of the debasing and degrading sports once populur have been swept away by the Btri>n<r arm of the law. r.vcri the elecUims nro. condui.te i with h moderation and quietude'tutal y unknown a few years j ait), and yot the. complaint is that the | English as; a 'peii'plfV are growinji' more excitai'le.' With-regard to the fortitude ' of the nation .leihg' threatened by luxury wo would respectfully, point out that this cm only i e true -of n chiss, the poorer folks not being able to obtain iij sufficiency i of necessaries, much less luxuries: The; con lition of.'the real workers Iiua bueri sinking for years in' proportion us,''rents' ruse, 'I hu |iurch»sin'^ power of their. • timings litis veii'y greatly diminished; d.U'ing the last fifty veins, if the statistics eomiil' d by tliosvi wlit)'have ^iven tho n att.-r atteuti'-n are of niiy .worth at all. Luxury hus'''destroyed ii good many aviiiioeviicivB bM'orti now, and will prnb ibly destroy a good many mora; but in view of the drunkenness of the wealthy classes i less than a hundred years ago, not to" | iiittniitrute other vices even worse iu their effects, we cannot think that the fnlli»s of j somo of tho wealthy of our own times j phonld fill us with unreasonable dismay. But while the ' possession of wealth is to some n fatal.gift, we have faith to believe tlml there are hundreds in whose hands it is a blessing. Men such as IVnnyson introduces in '» The Princess." thoroughly alive to the duties ani responsibilities de volving upon thorn.- We venturn to think that the absentee landloids who ground down tlwir tenants, wringing from them the Inst penny, to.lie dissipated in 'riotous living and debauchery, are crowing scarcer, and will grow scarcer. The lew who refuse to move with the times will die out and bn heard of no more, their children falling back into the ranks of; the toilers. The Parable of the Talents is true enough, tmd wealth, power, or influence, if not proporly used, are in Siine mysterious manae very frequently taken away. There is ever a Cromwell at tho door calling to the paltering to | make way for honester men. But what shall we any about tins " moral interregnum'' botwren tlio reign of religion and that of science? Tn our humble opinion religion for the mnuses never will, bo based upon science. We have met with a number 'of highly-intelligent men, who, while admitting nil the difficulties of the } Bible, held fast-to their fnith, because thay. needed it, and just so long as such a faith is needful it will be kept by the masses. It is the .easiest thills: in tile world to con fuse and refute' the fanatical ■ soldier in the Salvation Army, but what has been ac-( eomplished ? •— nothing. Yoii haven't shifted him an inch from his belief. We think it may be safely assumed that until able to ord«r his life by science the orr!i nary individual will retain something of religion, so that we need be under no i apprehensions as to moral jnterregnutrs. We write this because we believe that such pessimist views nre destructive of hope which must ever bo a factor of re form. As briefly as possible let us now revert to'.the startling figures brought for ward by:th(* Pnll Mall Qaze.tte to prove that men are growing mora wicked in England. Assuming them to be correct, they show a large increase in the drink bill, an increase in the number of suicides to .the 'extent of 20,000, in lunatics of 1,200, aijd in divorce cases of 350. Deaths from syphilis have also increased to the extent of 800, nnd indecent assaults 160. No sensible man would undervalue these figures but let us take heart of grace as we look for a moment at the past. Drunkeness once was a fashionable and uni versal vice—now it is confined to the poorer and lower classes. The increase of divorce does not necessarily show an increase of immorality, far from it. Infidelity at one time was of so common a character that wives seemed to look upon it as a natural thing. ' Thar S00 persons in excess of the usual proportion should die of syphilis is regretable, but remembering how -that disease in the middle ages swept awuy its tens of thousands wo should .not let hojie die out of our breasts. Suicides and in aanity are bound to result from the high pressure'of life at the present day, but surelv the failure of the , few i- bom pensated; for by fie progress of the muny? • With regard to indecent assaults; thtJy will continue to increase in number so long i as our carelessness as to the morals of children remains unaltered. All this increase of vice and crime, howeviv, is attributed to the incronso ill the con sumption of drink, aiid svo .would ask— excessive drinking itself being a vice— what cause?.the increase of di'inlc? 1 ver competition, bud mt,bid food, .insufficient, clothing; long bonis, lioi elcssnuss, and us n e- nsequonne— temptation. So long as baid working pi-oplu starve on the trumpery pittance: uiven them as wayoi, ali the phiianiliropists in the world will never effect much for the reformation of their fellows. A. Falsk DecIiARATio«. - During the viait of the Heyman and Knight's dr<tnatic com pany to l''cliU' a. Miss Thyne and Pysor (other wise Heyman, were married by the local de puty registrar, the female declaring that she was of age. Mr Thyne, on learning that his dn'ightor had marrisd (vithoiit'his consent;^ formed Sub-Inspector Wvijsho of the affair, nnd o' mmunioftted ivith thoiCrnwri Law nu thniities, the result be'ng that a warrant was issued for tho arrest "f the girlj—for having made a false declaration. The girl was ar rested at St. Arnaud a few days since, and re manded to appoar-at'Eehaoa on Saturday,;thei 27lh iiist.. bur this in not. the mosf cmven ient d»y t» hear tho caso, a romand will be a-ked fur by Puh-InRpeotnr Walshe. un il tho fallowing Tuesday, 30th'inst.y when tho;cnse will be heard. • 'i <.« u i ua i Genbiuu Electoral Lists.-Electoral Regisiars ana Deputy Electoral_Rogist rars are by notios, in tho Government Gazette, directed to keep open their olHces for the issue' of elector's rights until nine o'cluuk p.m. from this date to .Wednesday the 1st day df December next inclusive. Deputy electoral registrars are further directed to mako up thiir lists and send them to the electoral registrars for their division iuimiidi.itely after 1st Deceniuor. Echuca and Tatoha Railway. — It has heon ontrently rumoured that tho contractors for tke construction of the Echuca and Tatura railway have already applied, or intend applying, for an extension of time for the completion of their contract. At the request of uumerouB of Mr Shackell's constituents along the lino'of railway, that gentleman gave notice <111 Thursday last in Parliament that on Wednesday, next, he would ask tho Ministor of Railways (1) whether the contract rs for tho construction of tho Ecliuca and Tatura railway have made an application for extension of time for ciurplotion of their contract; (2) if so, for what length of time, and what are the reasons urged by tho contractors that suoh extension should bu granted to them. Wo understand it is Mr Shackell's intention to oppose the granting ot any extension of time. HosriTAL Fetr CoMMirrEE. —Tho usual wookly meeting of this committee whs hold list ovoning, Mr M. (in tliuolmir) and a good number of do'egatea pro sonc. A letter wns read from . tho Echuca Park braes baud, declining to reduce their chargo of £8, t,o piny on 13ox intt Diy. It wan tlion ragolrod to »sk tho JBoidi-r b ind if they will play for £5 5s. It ,w.is also resolved to ask Mr Morph>*t to not "as mnvalinll to tho procession. Mr Foyster reported l>-nt Messrs Shncke'l, White and Co had agreed to sull the booths frou of charge. After some further loutine busmesstho meet ing udjouriied for a week. - Nknv EIay.—We understand that tho first iirriv.nl of now hay, which wns a splendid simple, wns trucked to Melbourne yesterday by MrO..Roberts. ' iCvABitiiir Goods Station. —We under stand that our local member, Mr James Shackell, M.L.A., on Thursday last introduced a doputution from Kyabram to the Kail tray Commissioners, who asked Mr .Speight to consent to tho erection of the good Bhods on tho town side of tho railway instead of the nonh side. Aftor hearing the a'uuments advanced by tlu> deputation, Mr Speight said he would look into the mutter, but he did not consider that sufficient reasons had been shown for making tho plunge. Shipping Noteh.—The steamer Rothbury nrrivud in port yesterdaj' with a full cargo of of rod gum from Gunbowor. Tho targe Sprite was being londed tyesterday, with geno ral cargo, for Moulnmoiu. Tho steamer Prido of tho Murray. *vi\h her bargo, arrived in port last night from Roondrook with a full cargo of produce and sundries. A Recognition of Services Rendered. At tho last meeting of the M'lvor Shire Council tho following letter *as ordered to bo forwarded to Mfr JnmusShackell, M.L A,, member for Rodnoy:—li Shiro of M'lvor, Secretary's OfRce, Hoathcote. 17th Novem ber, J886.—De-ir Sir.—J am directed by this council «o convoy to you thoir cordial thanks for tho attention givon by you to your duties us representative of' this district in the Assembly, and for the courtesy displayed by you when accompanying deputations, and in your intercourse with tho council generally, and for the trouble taken by you in attending to the wants of the district. 1 have much pleasure in convoying thosu thinks to you, and in informing you that; tho «»r>iuion was unanimously expressed that you * ell deserved them. — Iam, eto , " W. C. Robinson,1 bhiro Socretary—To JnmoR Shackell U'sij.» M.L.A.. of Echucu " This recognition ovist be highly gratifying to Mr Shackell, and from all we loam from the various-portions of Rodney, our local member is more popular than over. New Law Potst.—'The cise tried last week beforo Air Justice Williams and a jftry of cwelvc, in the Supreme flc/urt, Mel bourne, has raised u new and important point; of law, which lias not yi't been decided either by the British or colonial courts. Our readers will remember that Mr Coultas. the well-known tailor, of Collins-streot, and his wife were driving over th* Swan- streof- level crossing at Richmond at night, and ufter being led by the gate- keeper on totho rails, •wore ordered back, ur a train was approach ing. But Mr CouhaV did not go back, but whipped his horse across the rail, jamming the horse and buugy between the fjato and the mil. The train passed*a foot behind the the buggy, and Mrs Coultas swooned away' with the shock, and ultimately became seriously ill. The Railway department, for whom Dr Madden and Mr Box appeared," contended the plaintiffs could not recover damages, as they did not obey the gale keeper's instructions, and that the illness arising*from the shock was ton remote, sis it was nob shown the train touched tho plain tiffs or their buggy. Mr Purves, Q.C., and Mr Pennefather, who appeared for tho I plaintiffs, argued that though no similar cane is to be found in any of tho Knglish or , colonial law reports, the right to recover wi>s j supported by the common peuse view thai the plaintiffs suffered tho shock by, the negligonce of the gate keeper, who negelected to see, before opening the gate, if the train was approaching, and so led the plaintiffs into the belief it was safe to cross. Besides shock sustained without actual impact under these circumstances was clearly actionable. Counsel for plaintiffs quoted tho analogous case where a man, dressed upas a .ghost, frightened a lady at night, and seriously in jured her health ; he was suroly liable, hoc only criminally, but also in an action fur the expenses and injuries sustained. Bis Bonor reserved tho point for argument before tho Full Court. The jury found tho issues of fact in favor of iho plaintiffs, and awarded them £742 damages. . Heathcotb Railway i Station;! - Oil Wednesday last Mr Shackeil, M.L A., lodged an "application from tho 'Hcnthcote> Borough Council with .tho •R»ilway i-Oonj inissioners', asking th-'.fc the present , proposed site of the Heathcoto railway station^ may be. chaugbd to a site further south. The applica tion (ras accompanied by the result of a poll of the burgesses . winch hud been tnkon on tho matter, showing that 00 werov m favor.of tho changoand 51 against/ Mr Speight- said ho would consider the matter, but iho beieviul there were difficulties in tho way of making any change. On the following day Mr Shackeil ; lodged a protest from tho M'lvo Shire Counbil against any change in the station , sito biuni* made.' Ah there ap p»'n»T, to be some dilierenco of opinion am«'»ng*t the Beathcote people Disconnection wilh this matter, Mi*.Shackeil has,, wo. under stand, declined taking «ny. activo interest for either side/r > It will 'therefore ■ bo ffoughfc outr by the contending parties, Accident. ~A former named Wm /Myers and his wife, ; who-livo'at vTomimbarry,' whilst engaged ,with a rofipiit^/uinchineyes tcrday morning, m»t \vi»h wwovu. injuries. It appears Mrs Myers w-js driving the-horsos. when the . winkers fell oft one. of; them and both animals took fright and bolted: Mrs My«.rs fell and lmd her riaht nrm and breast; almost sevHied from her body, unci sustained: terrible loss of blood. Myers had ins right arm also fearfully lacerated. Both \ wonJ at once taken to Echuca, and were promp ly attended to by Dr Eakins and-.his asaisiaotl. Echuoa Hospital.—At the request of ■theu Hospital Committee, Mr Shackoll made an application to the Hon. the Treasurer -last week for an ; additional prunt to . the maintenance fund and also to the-, building, fund-of''the Eohuca District Hospital. Mr Gillies, after examinr; ing the papers in connection with the ma'itution; ' admits that it is entitled to every consideration at the hands of the Government arid he has promised to take lha application into his favorable considera :tionr.when distributing the vote, that is so far a? maintenance ia concerned. But ha could not mnk« any direct promise with regard to the buildup grunt* Mkchamcs1' Fniii: Librajuks in Rodney. —Last week Mr Shaekell, M. L.A., inter viewed the Chief Secretary, with u viow of inducing that gentleman, when diatribming the vote for free libraries throughout the colony, to bo a little more liberal with the jriunts to the free libiMiiea in Rodney. Mr Sliaukell htindud Mr Dfrtlcin a lint of the free libruiius in his (Sir ShickeU's) district, which iu'iludod Euhuca, Rochester, Heathcoto, Ruahworth, Tatur», Whroo, Mooroopna and. Murchison. Mr iShackell explained that the [whole of the land in Rodney had been alien-Ued, and consequently the district was thickly populated, ihe result being that the froe liberie* wera largely used by the public. Mr Deakin promised to give tho matter his most favorable consideration, and would us fot* a? possible accede to Mi Shackoll'a request. JVIuucmsoK and Rusiiwohtii Railway.— — MrShaekell M.L.A., has given notice that ho will on Wednesday next ask iho Minister of Railway* when tenders will be invited for the construction of the Murchison aud Rush woroli Railway. Snaooing Coat Accident.—;On Wed-, nesday next the local member for* Rodney (Mr Jus. Shacko1!) pnrduunt to notice, will nsk the Hon. Comirissioner of Public NVtirks in Parliament. (1) whether', lie has had hfc attention' drawn to, the fact: (hut a uian named John MulW, one of the crew of I ho snauging boat Melbourne, engaged, in clearing tlm Murray river of snags, near Eclniea, wasaccidonially killed about six weeks ago while iu tho discharge of his du«y (2) whether, he will cause an inquiry 10 bo made into Lho circumstances of tho c»uu. wiili a view of recommending that a sum of £100 bo granted to the'svidow of tho deceased - who has been left in destitute I cuuumst'inccs. | SA Lahok OitouoDiLis. — On-.Monday nftor ! noon (sayH the Roeklmmpton Bulletin) a large | crocodile was shot in Crocodile 'Veek, closo to Air NV. P/tUison'n boil'tig down establish ment, by a mau named Peter Inglnrd. It sink on receiving tho wound, and tho bodyv was not recovered until Tuesday. It was 17 feci 2 inches long, and <i feet in dinnietor. TIi«3 an.iual seujntd to havo rare and various jppo.tunities fur a cli'nge of menu iu his evury-day diet. On cutting hinvopen the following interesting collection was found i insiido :—Seven yards of rope, a fishing lino ' and snmo shirt buttons, a cork, three largo si ones, Koine pig bones, and three buMocks' hoofd. 7 here was abullei found under the akin, over which it had grown and tho wound must have been inflioted a considerable tinio back, 