CORRESPONDENCE . DECLINE OF AGRICULTURE IN TASMANIA. To the Editor. Sir — On the above subject we have had : letters from Mr Ritchie to prove farmers I are overburthened with taxes ; letters from ] ' Farmer Will,' Mr Hogarth, and others on the withdrawal of the meat tax, and j nthor niflftprR 'Rnf. trif.K all ence, I think they all miss the mark. Now, I have had some 60 years experi ence in farming and among farmers, and I have come to the conclusion that the present state of affairs (Tasmania not being ab'.e to supply her- small population with meat an J wheat) is caused by carelessness, waste, and imperfect farming. With re gard to the former, heavy losses are entailed on a farmer by want of care iu regard of vehicles and utensils. All vehicles should be under cover when not in use, and a tool-house (under lock and key) is an essential on every, even the smallest farm. Forks, rakes, spades, etc., should be cleaned and put by as soon as done with, and a coat of linseed oil applied to the handles is a wonderful preserva tion. . Talk of a farmer not being able to pay our light taxes — when I have seen a fine steamer (thrashing machine) come home and have a tarpaulin worth £8 put over it for a winter protection. Six months after, the tarpaulin was in tatters, the machine unfit to go the next season's work, rust having eaten into its vitals. Again, swingletrees lying about; ploughs, harrows, etc., never cleaned, put by, o* painted ; and very likely a saddle perched on a fence instead c-f being on its peg. There is no excuse for this state of things when timber and palings are plentiful and cheap. Then in the house it often happens there is ' waste,' which more than doubles the expense of housekeep ing — unnecessary waste of firewood and even water ; waste in tea, sugar, soap ; the 'swill-tub'' (if there is one) can tell luc bam or uiuhtii urtiau auu meat. ±-ow, with respect to fainting, I don't think the seasons are sufficiently attended to. Land should be got ready for wheat, and the sowing completed (in the dry) by March, and I insist on the necessity of the harrows doing their work properly, and on water-furrowing, two matters that are often neglected, or left to ignorant or incompetent hands. Feeding off requires judgment. About October we generally have a few days of dry, windy weather ; then if the crop is rank, and requires feeding- off after taking the sheep off, set the harrows to work, and break the sur face, which has become baked, so that the gasses cannot escape. Biding through the Longford and Creasy districts I could fancy the wheat crying out for the harrows, and no notice taken, although it would add 10 bushels per acre to the yield ! The late celebrated Mr Bakewell, of England, used to say — ' Farmers, go and see what your neighbors are doing,' and ' half the breeding goes in at the mouth.' Two very good axioms, and worth attend ing to, and from an article that appeared in the Mercury of the 24th, entitled ' Farming at Campania.' I say go and see what Mr Brock is doing. If you cannot do things on his scale, what you can do, do well. There is no excuse for bad crops (barring rust) when manures, such as bone-dust and guano can be had, and it will be his own fault if a farmer has not plenty of manure made on the farm after two or three years. Now that we can grow purple-topped Swedes and Scotch yellow's again, meat ought to be plentiful, and grazing pay. leaving the land in firm order for any crop3. Ttl.nlrln^ TTnn Sr. it,..,- ,.ol.,ol,U paper. — Yours, etc.. An Old Settler. May 28. P.S. — About three years ago, I saw on a farm in this neighborhood a noble heap of manure, I should say 100 tons. The other day, passing same place, to my sur prise there was the ghost of the manure heap spread abroad by the elements, and not a load had been taken away ! 