CHAPTER III ». .?' lin.OonrtBi ?MK6a|pMM^rDWJB«M*''i ?eoe, Md esme uown to bivi* c toVmV-^ morning in thé smartest cap and g«jWu lier >'\ '{ wardrobe bad at command. - ? - ''-^ " Why, my dear, you Iwlc quite t»etfy J years younger,"said[her admiring husband, ? .. "? as he took his place behind the ogg» awl'. ; bacon. Mrs. Derwent smiled pleasantly nt » v him across the tucked-up sleeves of tile little servant who was bringing in the * teapot. "You need jiot bring my work-basket = after breakfast," she said, addressing, tho.' ¡\v Phyllis a little pompously. " Thosu ? stockings are really past mending, and may as well bo given to tbs almshouse people." ' Tom * came in, bringing thc letters - which the postman hml just handed lo him over the garden gate. He was scowl- ing tremendously-Toni could loud black if he chose-at the uppermost one, ad- dressed to him in official, writing, .jind announcing itself in printed letters to be "on Her Majesty's service.,' Not a ,, doubt it must.be the long-talkpd-of nomi-, nation to an inferior billet in. tho General Post Office. . 1 ? Kathleen, occupied in cutting brown , bread on a trencher, seemed tof eel his-blaok < . looks, for Bhe did not so much as lift lier ? ? eyes as she said : . " Why trouble about it nowjTom ' Put ' in the waste-paper basket. Father, -why s. can't Tom go to collego like other young ,v men,instead of beginning to work at some- i thing he detests ?" 1 Kathleen had had sleepless night,- and the thoughts that lind kept her awake had not been pleasant ones. A year and ten v months seems an altogether interminable period to a girl of nineteen under any cir cumstanceSjbut when the said year and ten months is to comprehend in its lagging ; weeks an utter suspension of pleasant in- tercourse with one who has grown to be part of the girl's very life,'it of necessity doubles and trebles itself. Kathleen how- ever did not see in her own heavy heart any excuse for an endeavour to make other people's heart heavy. Without being one step on the road towards canonisation as a saint, she was yet one of those 'gay, , good girls ' whose whole delight it is to make people and tilings around them sunshiny, not expecting so much as a ' thank you ' in acknowledgement.' ; Mr. Derwent looked up from I1Í3 plato, surprised, but not displeased j Mrs. Derwent looked up from hera, neither surprised nor displeased. Tom, it may be remarked in passing; was her favourite child. "It is exactly what I expected you , would say, Kathleen," she said in ii tone that suggested a combination of honey and treacle...,, ? All Tom's frowns vanished in ah instant, like ghosts at the dawn. " Come out in the orchard aftor break- fast, Kathleen," lie cried cheerily. I'll swing you all the morning in the. old apple- tree T" . Now if there was one thing in life that Kathleen enjoyed more than ' sweeties' Turkish delight, bull's - eyes", toffee, and such like- it was a swing on a summer's day. As a rule she jumped at thc offer of Tom's services-ho did not volunteer them ';>. very often, it must be admitted- to-day, however, she shook her head. ',' I've so much to do in the house," she > began àpologetàcally.- v_ . J X V "My dear,".' iuterruptodThor mother, "you must be relieved of' some of your home-duties now. Your education has not been altogether what your father, and I, should have liked.'; You'must set tb' work- at accomplishments of .some sort at once." ' " Kathleen dropped her bread-knife in her amazement.' '?. '.: s " What 1" she cried, round-eyed ; "do you mean I am to go to school-at my age -nearly twenty ?" ' " Here's a letter for you, Kathleen,'? ; said Tom, anxious to effect a diversion, for Katlúeen and her mother were apt to-well, say ' differ' on not a few sub- jects.'. \ ' But he could tiot refrain from giving it, a somewhat vicious look as she tossed it across the table to her, for the adhesive seal, with the nantes of Messrs. Long and Lovett upon it, stirred again the smoulder* ing embers of his discontent of yesterday. ' Kathleen put her letter beside her plate unopened, and sat down in silence to beg. ?7 breakfast. She, too, could - not' refrain . : :. from giving the harmless envelope'ia-ipae*-'? I ing vicious look, though thc ' ' viciousness" of her look assuredly sprang from dif- ferent source from Tom's. Hiere it lay, ; the ugly, blue paper thing, with the round, business-like Avriting, and aggressive-' looking seal. How unlike the missive* which, as a rule, were to be found lying beside her breakfast-plate, addressed-W herin Bruce's small, sharp-pointed writing !. Ah, when would she again have one of h» dear, darling old letters to make her eat her breakfast in one mouthful, so that she might run out into the garden and read it . in peace, with none but the thrushes and blackbirds to take note of her smiles and her blushes ? - She could not eat her bread-and-butter, but kept drinking thc .hot coffee with gulps, as though with it she would swallow - down her sorrows. Tom looked at the unopened letter. " How can you keep your fingers off it ?" Here's a girl devoid of inquisitiveness for , once in a way !" he cried sarcastically. The mother looked at the letter. "Business letters should always receive immediate attention," she said senten- tiously. And tlie father looked at the letter. "The post goes out at eleven, Kath- - leen ; better open it at once, it may want ah answer," he suggested mildly. So Kathleen broke the seal, and for one . moment let her eyes wander carelessly, indifferently, down the closely-written P*ge. Only for one moment,¡ however the :; next, with a cry that in itself was osgood as a peal of wetldiug-bells, she had let it - T fall to the ground, had overthrown her ¿ , chair, and shaken all the eggs on the table out of their cups in her cager haste to get out of the room. , . . x Tom, father, mother, all rose tumultu-, ously to their feet. . " Whatisit-whatisit? Are you mad, Kathleen?" cried Mrs. Derwent in,her astonishment,, altogether forgetting her Í' weak nerves. « * " c . " Mad ! oh no," cried Kathleen, ludf up the stairs 011 hor way'to her:vacta;"<s*tf > happy ! I'm not an heiress, after sJL/enl^è I'm going to write and tell Brue« this «ely J V ¡'minute^''' - /) %: :'p^^^m I Tom, father, and mother, au . hooked;* * j blankly in each other's faces. " .* ^* Tom was the first to get his seAsss Sther. Hé picked up the Uw/Sf'ssstts^^ »rn Üie floor, arid then"read atenea in^s>¿£ blandy legal language, which sil^sA.%^ insmuato stogies for truth it hail torjbun^;h^;ih¿| jftÉgjfc^l ;" In, her wiiï. had declined to take upon themselves tho responsibility of adininis .Itering to the deceased lady's estate,' for cihe simple reason that no estate remained .': to administer to. At tho period when the '/ Will had been drawn up, Kathleen's legacy, ho doubt, with other moneys, Was invested in Three per Cont. Consols: Since then Mis3 O'Brien had not received oho penny from lier landed property in Ireland, and had consequently been com \- pelled, in order to keep up her house and staff of servants, little by little to draw upon her capital, till of the large sum at one time invested only a few hundreds re- mained-an amount, indeed, barely suffi- cient to cover the expenses of her costly funeral, and dischargo outstanding debts*; in-tho neighborhood. The la wyora Con- cluded . their letter with polite expres- sions of regret for the untowardness of ..'the circumstances. Tom dropped tho letter with a groan as ?he finished reading it. "Those fellows ought to have thought twice before they wrote in such a hurry to offer; their pro- cessional services," he growled, and then went down on his knees, rummaging in .the waste-paper basket for the letter con- taining his nomination to the Post: Office billet, which lio so carelessly jerked into: : it.. . /;'.. .- .':?-;.:'.'??. .?. , : Mrs. Derwent burst into a flood of hys- terical tears. " It was wicked ! wicked ! They ought to be prosecuted,".she sobbed, ^hon she put her hand to her forehead, ?dding plaintively, " I'll go up to bed, 1 Phink ; I can't -keep my head up; " But . tíiere was real tragedy in her tone when, as she left the room and met tho Phyllis coming in, she turned and said to her : V Doh'tgive away those stockings I spoke to you about this morning! They'll stand ~a'little moro mending and wear ing:." . 7 '.. -". r-. And Mr. Derwent went slowly into his Kstudy, tb re-write lus letter to the Eccle- siastical Commissioners asking for a grant for the much-needed repairs}, r ; " It'sabitter disappointment of course," " C he said. to,himself;;with a sigh, as he - gob . outhispens and paper ; but still it is i; "nice toseethe old bright look inKathleen's '.face."; .'. ; '. v'':;/f ;;_/-,; . . ' . As for Kathleen herself, it wai only her, uteara of joy falling thick'and fast and half :;blmding her, which made her take moro j thon sixty seconds over her brief letter to 'heirlovèr. Í^T'DÉÁB, DEAR BKOCE,-Isn't it delighfc : ful?' ; I'm not an heiress, after all. Come over at once-this very. minute.-Your .own " . ; - KATHLEEN." .'' This was all she wrote. But it w«is evi- dently enough, for it brought Bruce to the arsonagc the very next day ; and j before e went backto Carlisle, tho day was fixed ; for their wedding. f ." I wish I could fancy it was nothing 7 more than a bad dream," said the girl as £ she. said good-bye to her lover over tho -jgardengate; ?'butsomeliow,I can't. When '¿I think over it all, I feel exactly as I did ïwheni atc that Seville orango, and hada bitter taste in my mouth for days after- wards." . Poor child ! This was her first taste of the fruit of the tree of knowledge of gbbirl and e vil, of which most of us have to -eat alittle moro than wo rolish throughlife. BOILED TONGUE WUH SPATZEN. , "J-Trim off thc ragged .end of a smoked tongue ; cover it with cold irater ; let this . como to a bpilj thenpour off the water and fill;tho pot up again with cold water. Let it como to a boil, then allow it to . simmer two hours. "When done, remove the skin and useless root end, and cut it in neat thin slices. Place them on a dish as near tho original form as possible ; put round it a high border of well- made spat ' zen,;which is prepared as follows :-Mix together a pint of flour, half a teaspoon ' ful bf salt, aud a scant i>int of milk. Beat fthe yolks, of two eggs ; add them to -'the' flour, and,, stir thc mixturo well; put a \- pari; of it on a flat dinner plate, and flake ? it into a pan of bfliling water with a knife, álteriiately dipped in the pan of hot water ; let tlio strips boil until they float ' on the surface. ; then take them out care . fully and dram. Put into a fryingpan an ounce of butter ; when hot stir into it , holf a , pint of grated bread crumbs ; toss them about, until crisp.and brown, and . Ï pour them over the spatzen, together with . T the butter-not absorbed by them; [Spat r zenfisia favorito Gemían''dish,., and. is so. ¿ good that I' marvel much at not meeting ; í' .with??; it; at. the ''tables of Americans. r: 'A: s little practice ánd.oür young housekeepers. ; may be, able to preparo it ALMOST,os well as their -German., cousins. ^fflifCoooh.^ . ; 