THE LATEST ENGLISH MESSIAH r?B0M TKB NBW TOOK TBXHT7N8. On Saturday, tho 18th iostant, died, near Lymlngtou, a woman who, as tlio foundress of a crazy superstition, reminds one immediately of Anrte Lee, Like that fanatic, though probably without cooscious imitation, she gav6 out that she was tho second Christ, aud, like her, an- nounced that she should uover die. Ol both, likewise, tho acctators, iu eousequeucu ol the boisterous and gymnastic character of what passed (with themj for devotional exercises ac- QUDcd the designation ut bhakers. Mary Ann Girling was thu eldest of tho four teen children of William C:outing, by his wife Emma, whoso maiden surname was Gibbs ; both of them belonging lo tlia agricultural laboring class. Her birthplace was Tinker Brook, u hamlet of Little Glemh&tn;, ubout 4 miles from Wickbam Market, In East buti'oik. The house iu which she first saw the light was tern down a few years ago. Uor schooling was of tho scantiest. In her girlhood, besides being an intrepid hoydou, she made herself somewhat notorious by her lawless freedom with young men. Fur several years, later on, she earned her liviug as a domestic servant in various places ; and she also louud employ - meutas a dress maker. Iitduecuureuehumarricd a utati oi the irame of George Girling, h sailor by calling, .of Thebarton, near baxiuund- bam Her middle ago, quite in keeping with bor youth, was by no means reputable. For a while she, at that time, supported herself by helping to smuggle uud peddle spirits. The story is still told by those who, 011 their word, were directly cogblsant of the circumstances, that ou oue occasiou, when the officers of jus tice wore iu pursuit of her, site boldly walked out of a bouse where she had been in hiding, disguised iu her husband's clothes, and, with a cigar iu her mouth, passed close by a police man who was lying in wait lor her, aud thus effected her escape. No ouo was at all surprised when, byandbyo, aha left her husbaud and took up with another man. Aftar a scasou bhu returned, indeed, to her homo, but only soou to leave it again, aud then for good, iu company with a male com panion, as before. Her plea was that her hus baud was deficient in piety up to her owu high fitaudard. From the very outset, her ways, lor n religious teacher, wero cartainly abuormal. For instance, she aud her now mate, who wero incossantly peregrinating together, regularly and ttvowetily occupied tho same bod, an arrangement which, not unnaturally, struck the uninitiated as hardly consistent for thoso who inculcated, as woli us faith, conversation of good report. To tho censorious comments which -their mutual confidence provoked sh'e was saiisliod, nowever, with replying that hor disciple and herself invariably passed tho night with tho Bible Letweon .thtin. Aud hero it is as well to note that the tacts already detailed, and, tor tho most pan, equally those to ioilow, have been derived from persons, including soniu of licr nLaroct kinsfolk and former neigh bors, who aro perfectly acquainted with her history. At tho begiuning of her predicatory career nho so little deviated, notwithstanding sundry startliug ocoentiicitres, from religionists of tho humbler sort with whom shu cumo iu contact, that shu was allowed for some mouths to hold her sorvices in the Wesley an Chapol at Strat ford St. Audrew, a parish contiguous to Little Gictnbam. But it very shortly transpired that her doctrine, and nu less her experiences and her expectations, had a complexion all their own. Yet tor these the Methodist body is iu uo wieo accountable, slio having never be longed to it, though it bus bcon errone ously stated that in hor early days she was a member of that communion. £howas not brought up a dissenter of uuy kind, but in the doctrine ol tho English Church. Her fuutastic flights becoming by degrees more and more audacious, she declared before long that she enjoyed visions of Christ, But her strange doing must bo referred to very briefly. It must have boon in 1870 that the writer roinembercd her oolleating, near Wiok- Uatu Market, a crowd of several hundred persons, in whoso presence, a she had pre viously given notice, she prumUcd to disappear heavenward iu a chariot of lire. Iu 1871 she made au attempt to expound her views iu tho lecture hall at Wooubridge, and in tlie end excited a riot, ns sbo had be fore excited ono at Stratford, St. Andrew, To say tbo truth, Suffolk very little reliahedits now light. A period 01 propagaudism in youth Loudon next endued, its thoutro boing a rail way arch in Walworth. If her vagaries wero extravaguut in tho vicinity of hor home, they theio became ten-fold moro so. lu thu meantime her followers, or at least such of them us wore williug to cast iu their lot with hers, haruly inorouMHl at all in num bers. Except for a seasonablo wiudfali, it 1b tirobable that her sect would, thus early, have iuou disolvud. But it happened that she was ouablod to reuiiro her ambiiiou of abandoning her vagrant life and of establishing a com munistic settlement for herself and her dupes. How this was brought about admit of being told iu a short space. Among her first converts was Mr. Leonard Beuham, a .small farmer of Stratford, St. An drew, who, iu hia Inhuuatiou. gave up nis hold ing, sold his all, and made over the proceeds, souio £250, to Mrs. Girling, whom ho thence forward cloavcd to, for better aud for worse, In all her vicissitudes of fortune. There wore with hor, besides husbands who had for saken their wives, wives who had for saken their husbaud, und daughters who hud forsaken their parents ; tueh was the persuasiveness other oratory. But though her flock for two year or thereabouts consisted of ouly five nieu, seconded by oightfenmlo rustics, mainly ignorant girls, who had followed hor out ot Suffolk, and who, like herself, did nothing as yet towards earning a livelihood, Mr. Utmham's little fund was inadequate to keep the wolf from tbo door indefinitely. Just when they were most pressiugly iu need of aid a maldeu lady of the name of Wood, who possessed rathurhiiudaome means, was induced to adopt Mrs. Girling's notions, undi came to their relief with a liberality which seemed to proiniso them a comfortable future. Tho ostato of Now Forest Lodge, comprising h farm house, tbo usual appurtenauces, and thirty-ono acres of land, situated iu tbo bouth- ern Division of Hampshire, was bought iu 1873 ; and tho whole of tho purchase money, except £1000, was paid down. When in its most tbrivlug condition tbo community consisted of about 175 member. If ihuy hud been loft to themselves they would, in all likelihood, con sidering their iudofaliguble industry, lmve promptly liquidated their debt and boon sullioi- ently prosperous. But speedy ruin was before them, destined to bo wrought by that spirit oi wuutou mischief aud malice which entitle the baser population of rural Euglaud to an unenviable reputation for " general cussedneBs." Though they interfered with no 0110, others were perpetually interfering with them. Every Sunday they were besieged by intruders, who came solely to vex uud iusulL Tboir crops wero pillaged, their cattle were turned astray, their fences wero destroyed, and they were mo lested, persecuted uud injured wih relentless perseverance. This state of things continuing fur a year and a half, ty their progressive im poverishment, they wero eventually evicted, and were obliged to seek new quarters. After a prolonged uxperienco of sharp suffer ing, tho particulars of which must, lor short ness, bo omitted, they once more sottlod down, not far from tho farm which they hud lost, at Hordlo. There, reduced to a patch of two acres and a group of miserable wouden huts, roofed with canyus, thoy barely coutrived, uutil they mostly dispersed, a few dqye ago, to stavo off actual destitution. Thy colony!' when broken up by ' reason of Mrs. Girling's death, had dwindled to seven men and thirteen women. Among tho men were Mr. Beuham, spokon of above, and a man of the name of 0born, known as the " Elder,'' who was originally a farm laborer at iaston. iu Suffolk. A muster shoemaker of Benhall, Suffolk, ouo Bather, who, like thorn, joined Mr. Girling when she first took to the busi ness of prophotess-errunt, was less constant to his seductress, having long previously parted company with her. Of Mrs. Glrlitig'a creed it is needless, in the interest of common senso aud suuq reason, to say more than ft few words, lu lier " Lata Message to thu Church und the world," sub scribed " Jesus, First nnd Lust, Mary Ann Girling," eh® declare : " 1 am the second ap pearing and reincarnation of Jesus, the Christ of God, tho Bride, tuo Lamb's Wife, the God mother and Saviour, life from lioayen," and so on. This sample of her theology, or rather matcology, will amply suffice. -There being, in tho West of Englaud, a reverend gentleman who professes to be a repro duction of the Holy Ghost, quo caunot but wish that tho two had been brought to confer ence, with a view to their corniug to tonus touching their hypostatic relationship. Like muuy an enthusiast before her, slm claimed to bo indented with tho stigmata of the Crucifixion. Immunity from deaih was, she asserted, to bo her portion ; aud the same immunity, sbo taught, would be participated by all whoso faith was us firm rs her own. Wheu, therefore, her follower wero gathered to tho dust, quo after another, alio made : as if she held herself warranted in regretfully denouncing them as devoid of faith iu fujl measure. Equally .with tho "Boeu liar l'copl?," shu mniutained that medical appliances are superfluous for tho Oodly ; and it may he that her acting in accordance with this wiiuutey hastcn«l her end. That she was to die, her silly ad Rerun u brought tlionisdlvos to accoqut Incredible. This conviction wu tho keystone of their fatuou scheme of credulity ; and when she was carried off by cancer, fhuro was no alternative available to them but to acknow ledge that they hud been wretchedly mis guided. On the morning of tho next Wednesday suc ceeding her death sbo was interred iu tho churchyard at Hordlc, tho burial scrvico boing read Ly two clergymen of the Church of Eng land. The chief mourner was her son aud disciple, William, now of the age of 27 or £8. Her only other child, Jane, a few years Older. Who married a map o.f the name of Bailey, and is now a widow with two children. Uvea at Ipswloh with her father, who keeps, a amsD miscellaneous shop. Mrs. Girling, at the time of her docoase, was in her 60th year. Of her 13 brothers and sisters, 11 of whom lived to be adults, she is survived by 10. Tbe tone in which the English newspaper press has spoken of this woman Is noticeable. Even tho London Times, iu its columns devoted to obituary memoirs, is very respectful regard ing her " sad aud peculiar history" ; and other journals, both metropolitan and provincial, commemorate bor largely as they would com memorate, any highly ineirtoriouft exponent of sauctitude. Tet tho conductor of those journals and tho contributors to them are well aware, or ought to be, that, for example, " tho limpid purity of her sour' was a thing of which there wus not a tittle of trustworthy evidence, and that she differed iu nothing, for tho better, from & thousand aud one bygone deluders of tho vulgar and sub- verters of social order. As no. ouo has sug gested, or is hkelv to suggest, that sho was mad, how, to keep to'a single point, oau those who treat her memory deferentially disclaim for her, as tboy emphatically do tho appellation of impostor, when confronted with her profession that she bore on her body the nail marks of Christ's passion? Can they suppose that she really bolicvod herself to do so ? In plain fact, hers, in ull tbo fulness of their repulsive perfection, wero tho most sallont characteristics of that half savage and uncul tured East Angliau, in whom a combination of unabAshuble self conceit, frontlcss Impudence and sullen obtuseuese render all but impossible the task of convincing him that he is ignorant. Utterly impervious to reason, she wasat ad times ready with an endless rigmarole of incoherent nonsense, which sho discharged with an impetu ous and unresting volubility that speedily put almost any gainsayer to flight as his solo re source, if iie would eacapo being ignomlniouftly deafened. More than ouco, when remonstrated with iu public by a competently learned and acute clergyman for her bodlamitish preten sions to personal divinity nnd to immortality on earth, the brazen assurance and tbo torrent fluency with which she instan- tantaneouslv replied to his objections bt stringing together' a host of wholly irrelevant passages of disjointed fcoripture, were accepted . by her gaping gulls as perfectly conclusive of her lunatic positions. Her mere ability to chatter and clamor shamelessly was taken by tho simple creatures as the equivalent of sound argument, it being the ouly substitute for it that had any weight with thom. And hence it wus that hor illiterate partisans were persuaded that her frantic balderdash was incapable of answer. Iu apology for her it is weakly urged that sho was in sobor earnest ; as if tbo sincerity of the wilfully aud responsibly wrong headed wero not much on tho sa tno. piano with hypocritical pretence, as to meriting explicit oondemuatiou. 