The Bishop of Ballarat has delivered a lecture on the desirability that the Church of England should enlarge Us boundaries, and try to make itself the nucleus of a religious federation of all the various bodies of professiug Christians. Dr. Thornton's suggestions were animated by the best possible feebng, and even those who doubt their practicability are bound to sympathise with the yearning after Christian fellowship. tVo may even, .admit that the Church of England, which has contrived to enclose Broad Churchmen like Stanley and Jowett, Evangelicals like Bishop Perry or Bishop Thornton, and Ilich Churchmen like Pusey and Liddon in the same fold, may seem an argument in itself that a broader union is possible. On tho other hand it is impossible not to observe that, in spite of a strong abstract feeling against the multiplication of sects, new churches are constantly springing into existence. The Presbyterians of three bodies have attempted to unite in this colony, aud already there has been one secession, and those who remain iu the Church seem to be always bickering, aud to be held together by organisation and proprietorship rather than by a common creed. Tho "Wesleyans, strong as they are, have been weakened by several seces sions. Now and again, a large minded man tries to promote the exchange of pulpits between two Christian bodies that have points of contact, . but the attempt almost always ends in provoking revolt among tho more Conservative members of the different congregations. Of course it may bo argued that a concerted effort by the leaders of half a dozen different Churches would go a great way towards overcoming sectarian animosities. That no doubt is Dr. Thornton's view, and it would be very pleasant to think that it does not rest on a mis conception of tho problem involved in Church federation. Political federation is the substitution of national for pro vincial interests. Its possibility rests on a balance of advantages, and in the pre sent; day power and wealth seem to flow naturally to tho big State. Federation of tho Churches, ou the other hand, means that they arc to combine for common work, for common worship, and in a common creed. Tho first of these would mean nothing at all, and the last would mean the effacement of religious life. The second is the oulr direction in which the appearance of unity can be looked for. We call union for religious work mean ingless as a step toward federation because the churches have already agreed that morality and religion are distinct. It is recognised as an inscrutable mystery that an Atheist or' a Pagan may be tem perate and chaste, and willing to lay down his life for his fellow men ; and even more. Of course it is matter of 'notoriety that some of the religious organisations' which Bishop Thornton aud his friends would re gard as outside the field of federation are particularly fruitful in good works. The Jews in one direction, and the Catholics in another, have shown a singular care to labor among the destitute and afflicted. So it is that charities on any large scale have come to be altogether of an unsectarian character, and no one dreams of asking what a man's opinions are before accepting him as a fellow laborer in founding an orphanage, managing an hospital, or promoting a law for the enforcement of social purity. Federation could add little or nothing to our existing practice in these matters. When, however, we pass from active charity to the drawing up of creeds, or to the expression of prayer and praise in our Churches, we come upon great difficulties. Catholics, of course, will not federate with Protestants. Prayers that omit all men tion of the Virgin or- the Saints would seem very cold and almost irreligious to Catholics ; just as so-called orthodox Protestants would object to prayers, so constructed as to leave tho divinity of Our Lord an open question. The federation must clearly be confined to the leading Protestant denominations. It is conceiv able that theso might agree on an expur gated Litany. To do so, however, and make the union complete, concessions of a very sweeping kind would have to be made. Extempore prayer, to which manypions persons attach great importance, would have to bo abandoned, for an extcmporo prayer is little more than a sermon in tho sbapo of an invocation, and may be made tho vehicle of very extreme dogma. Allu sions to predestination, to eternal punish ment, to baptismal regeneration, to the reai presence in the Eucharist, to the gift of the lloly Ghost in orders, or to the call that ought to precede ordination, would all hare to be omitted. Public worship W uu t»a uw ijiAiroa oo Ull UlU- torio, and yet if it were too much asso ciated with music and art the Puritan instinct in many good persons would be offended. Two great Churchmen of the present day have expressed curiously similar views about tho tendency of religious thought. Cardinal Newman has said that the majo rity of educated Protestants are Sabel- lians — that is, unbelievers in the persons of the Trinity — and Archbishop Tait thought that the tendency of educated men was to become Socinians. Neither of these acute thinkers can be supposed to have held that sentimental Deism was strong because it was true ; but they probably discerned the tendency of the times to a simple faith that presented no difficulties to science or common sense. Meanwhile, Uni tarians, as a body, cannot be said to grow rapidly, and a change which should reduce religion to belief in a Divine Government of the world and acceptance of the teaching of the Gospels would be as violently op posed as the Protestant Reformation was. The faith necessary for a Chris- tian life may undoubtedly be expressed in very few -words ; but a Church has to concern itself with more then individual duties and needs. So long as men speculate and aro influenced in their characters and daily lives by the ir opinions, so long will tho leaders of every Church find it neces sary to express ripe thought upon the relations of God and man in clear words. What is really important to understand is that religion, has ' never said its last word, and tiiat tho faith, which lias taken color from modern thought may really be nearer to Christ's teaching than the teaching of Augustine or Calvin was. if Bishop Thornton cant bring his coreli gionists to realise that thoughtful men are not only pardonable when they differ from accepted conclusions, but would be unpardonable if they did not speak out as they thought, lie will have done more, for real unity than could be effected by any scheme which starts from the exchange of pulpits and ends in re ligious compromise upon essentials. It is not tho function of a Church to become a truth and error amalgamation society. The fasliicm of forming little Coteries for the purpose of interchanging thoughts upon the life and works of somo favorite Author is one of the most gratifying features opthe day, and ouc that the his torian of the literary history of the nine teenth century will have to take into ac count when he dwells upon the wide spread intellectual activity thtit dis tinguishes: it from its" .predecessors. Goldsmith makes his Citizen uf the World dilate with astonishment on tlie quantity of publications that issue from the Press of his time. ''I " have reckoned not less thau twenty- " three new hooks published iu oue day," he says, "which, upon, computation, " makes eight thousand three hundred and " ninety-five iu one ye:u\ You may " conjecture what a fund of knowledge a " man must be possessed of who thus reads " three hooks daily, not one of which " contains all the good things that ever " were said or written upon tho subject." What would Goldsmith have said if ho had a modem publisher's circukir before him showing that twice that number may be issued by a single firm and yet the popular appetite for information not be satiated ! It is to this abounding fertility that we probably owe the literary Societies that we have referred to. A wholo literature gathers about the parson of a single classic. W o have his lifo and writ ings and character portrayed aud criti cised from a hundred different hands and a hundred different aspects. Hundreds of people have their curiosity in him awakened for the first time, arc be wildered with the conflicting theories of his aims and labors, aud determine upon, examining him for themselves, in the hope of arriving at an independent opinion of their own. As they cannot all write to the newspapers, aud the magazines are pre occupied and tho lato'dinner-hours are not favorable to the interchange of ideas that arc slightly off the current topics of the dinner tables of May-fair, they form them selves into a Shakspeare, or Burns, or Shelley Society, aud discharge their minds cf the accumulated debris left by weeks of anxious research in the shelves of the circulating library,, or amid the wreckage of their common-place books. Essays are read, and much Hetntine pnuw f'vpnnrlpi 011 such questions as was Ilamlct Mad? or what was the nature' of the humorouB sadness of Jaquesl? or was the Head of the Capulets a gentle- man ? And though no body is convinced, and everybody is of his own opinion utill, everybody feels that as much improvement lias beeu extracted trom tnc evening's entertainment, as ri it had been devoted to the discussiou of the Identity of the Lost Tribes, or the archi tects of Stonc-hcnge, or the personality of the Man in the Iron Mask, or any other equally grave and unsettled historical puzzle. Among the most recently formed of theso Societies in Melbourne is one for the study and elucidation of the character aud writings of the poet Shelley. The subject is not unattended with a perilous in terest, because there is a very large num ber of excellent, people that have been taught to believe that he is a very shock ing personage — a libertine and Atheist, and everything that is Satanic — and, not know ing anything about him, find much moral comfort in sticking to the belief. Some of these people, in fact, have already upbraided the Society for handling such very dirty pitch ; and we see that one member, a Unitarian minister, has thought it prudent to vindicate himself by quoting tho example of the late well known preacher and thinker, Frederick Robert- son, of Brighton, who had the temerity to speak of the author of tho Revolt of Islam as one of tho most spiritually minded poets in the English language. Yet most assuredly no such vindication was needed. That Shelley was expelled from Oxford for an essay throwing doubts upon the existence of a Deity, and that he wrote a poem celebrating the purity of uu- wedded Love, and left his wife or al lowed her to leave him in order that he might contract a marriage of affinity with the daughter of his friend;' are facts in his biography which cannot be denied ; but on the other hand it cannot be denied that, malgré these offences against the morals and customs of society, he commanded the respect aud even the homage of almost everybody who was thrown into his com pany. Leigh Hunt, who was never a very liberal critic of his friends' failings, said, " the leading feature of his charac- " ter, was a natural piety, he was pious " towards nature, towards his associates, " towards the human race, towards tho " meanest insect in the forest" Another intimate, Mr. Jefferson Hogg, describes him as "a complete and finished gentlc- " man — in behavior modest, in conversa- " tion chaste ; like some pure, innocent " maiden." A third biographer says " he " feared nothing but what was base and " false and low ;" and Byron, who was not easily deceived into bestowing compli ments where they were not deserved, called him "the most gentle, the most " amiable, aud the least worldly minded " creature I ever met." Certainly there could not have been a more charitable one, for he gave large sums away to his friends, visited the sick poor in their beds, and even walked the hospital for a term that he might learn to be of use in alleviating their sufferings. Very few of those who I condemn him unheard are aware of the intense interest he took in tho propagation of Liberal opinions, how lie advocated manhood suffrage aud Catholic emancipa tion, and offered to pay for taking a plebiscite Of tlie country on tiic ques tion of Parliamentary reform, while ho actually spent hundreds iu an active agitation for the redress of Irish wrongs upon Irish platforms ia Dublin and elsewhere. Such a man cannot be wholly repro bate and unfit to be discussed in decent circles at the close of tho nineteenth century. If his moral character was lax it certainly was no worse than that of men who had not a single one of his redeeming virtues. Iu his unhappy marriage lie shared the experience of most English men of letters from Milton to Bulwer and Charles Dickens, and of not a few women of letters also. Living at the volcanic age of the French Revolu tion, when one time- honored institution' after another was consumed in the fire of revolutionary fervour, and the brotherhood of man and the co-equality of men and women constituted the New Evangel for the regeneration of the world, it was not so very surprising that lie should have yielded to the temptations which overcame less sensitive spirits, like Coleridge, Southey, Wordsworth and Burns, and have cast some of his old conceptions into tho furnace. That he should still continue to be spoken of as an Athiest by anybody who has read the unfinished Essay on Chris tianity is another testimony to the injustice of coudemuing a mail without trying him. lie is no more an Atheist. than Professor Du Bois, of the Protestant col lege of Yale, whose theory of God we lately examined, is one. The language of the Essay on Christianity is indeed so very much like that of the Professor's paper that we should be justified in think ing they held very much tho same theory in common. The Professor pictured the Deity playing upon the brain of man by the radiations of his will traversing the ethereal inter-space between atom and atom, and this is tho figure that Shelley uses to express tho same idea: — "We " live and move and think; but we are " not the arbiters of every motion of our " complicated nature. There is a Power " by which we are surrouuded, like the "atmosphere in which some motionless "lyre is suspended, which visits with its "breath our silent chords at will. This " Power is God, and those who have seen " God have, in the period of their purer " nature, been harmonised by their own " will to so exquisito a consentaneity " with that Power as to give forth " divinest melody, when the breath of " Universal Being sweeps over their " frame." If this is Atheism, we fancy that a good many Atheists inight be found in not a few orthodox pulpits of every sect at the present moment ; and we think the Shelley Society may take heart of grace, and continue to maintain friendly rela tions with its Author, notwithstanding that he wrote Queen Mab and other poems almost as sensuous and erotic as Mr. Swinburne's, whose flesh-colored odes are recited in all the drawing rooms of society without a blush, and who most certainly did not write them upon a diet of cold water and pulse like the ogre Shelley. 