? OLD EKGLISH CUSTOMS AND '?/- gOLK-LOSB. ????-.': ;sfB*EtFnr.l XHX— SACRIFICE. : A belief that the world was peopled with epirita differing from mea chiefly in that they were invisible and more power ful .-. led to the performance of certain cites by which to secure the good offices of these spiritual orders. In times of need their aid was invoked by incanta tions, and their favour bought by gifts, which were supposed to appease and gratify them. Men early learnt the potency of gifts, and that it was useless to present a prayer to their chiefs or head men unless their requests were backed by some substantial contribution. Those 3pirita whom they feared and invoked were the manes of their ancestors. In: the other world they needed food, prized the possession of wealth and power, and desired personal attendants as much as wnen alive among their people. The simplest offerings were those which com prehended the fruits of the field, and orchard, accompanied by libations, mostly of fermented liquors, which most tribes, however barbarous, have learnt to manu facture. The first-fruits were solemnly laid before the symbol of adoration, when it was believed the spiritual counterparts of these oblations were partaken - of by the unseen beings for .whom they were in tended. The sacrifice of animals supplied a doable purpose, not only providing fpodj. if the spirits so. desired, but the spiritual counterparts of the animal^ slain in sacri fice passed into the anseen state and became attendants on those to whom they were dedicated. The life passed away at the .altar only to reappear in the -next woridjjrherelt was henceforth the property of the' manes to whom the offering had. been made. The rites of human sacrifice, would have been meaningless and worth less to the gods, demons, or manes, ' if the equivalents of persons thus sacrificed had not passed over to the next world to swell the retinue or minister to the happiness of these spiritual potentates. The agency of fire as a quick means of transmitting dedicated persons and things to the other state was early introduced into the rites of sacrifice, and has gene rally been considered an essential element in these propitiatory offerings. Fire became, indeed, the very symbol of sacri fice, and was retained in religious rites even when the crude ideas which gave rise to its use had been outgrown by higher intelligence. It forms a leading feature in. folk-lore, and from the clearness with which some of the customs involving the use of fire can be traced to their origin it is one of the most interesting departments of our subject. It has been a universal belief that the ghosts of the departed linger about the scenes of their mortal life. Hence the prevalent dread of sleeping in a room where a death has recently occurred. Should the death have been the result of violence, either by murder or suicide, it was henceforth 'the haunted house,' and as a consequence would probably be shut up till the place fell into ruins. Up to quite recent times there was scarcely a town or village in England that had not its haunted house from some such a cause. This superstition is but the modern form of the primitive belief in local and house spirits, which must be propitiated or otherwise they would take revenge in endless mischief. In the old German and Scandinavian communities a new settlement or a new habita tion was always inaugurated by an offering being made to appease the tutelary spirits of the place. A living human victim was often built into the foundations of the new building, or the first stake of the structure was driven through the body of the victim, as a sacri fice to the local unseen powers. Tnese human sacrifices were continued through out Northern Europe into the ninth cen tury. Tradition says, St. Columba could make no progress in the erection of the monastery in Iona until he buried a man (St. Oran) alive under its foundations to appease the spirits of the island, after which the work went on without interrup tion. Bodies have been found under the walls of old Saxon Churches in a way that strongly suggests that their burial was contemporaneous with the founding of these Churches, but whether buried alive or not cannot be determined. These pro* pitiatory sacrifices at the building of a new house have a very remarkable sur vival in France, where the tenant kills a cock on the day of hia entering the new domicile; otherwise, it is said, he will die before the year is out. In England various ceremonies of a like meaning are observed by parties removing to a fresh house, such as throwing a bag of salt in first, or carrying the Bible in as the first piece of furniture introduced, so as to insure ' good luck.' It would appear that the French sacrifice of a cock and the English saltbag and Bible, mark three stages in the passage from pagan to Christian sentiments. In these ritea belonging to the house hold it is interesting to observe the im portance assigned to the threshold and the hearth. The hearth, where the fire was ever kept burning — the Bacred fire lit from a Bource where it had been origi nated by means of friction, was the symbol of the presence of the house gods or spirits. These were distinguished as 'hearth spirits^;' [for it_was beneath the hearth that the tutelary : spirits of the family were supposed to make their abode. Hence the cry, ' for hearth and home,'^ has ever been with the Germanic, people the most sacred and patriotic appeal that could be raised. It was to our rude ancestors the equivalent of 'for religion and home.' The threshold was second in its sacredneas only to the hearth itself, for' it was the entrance to the family circle. To stumble on the tnre&old; was an evil omen, and the symbol of intio-, ducing a bride to the new domestic circle and its privileges was given by lifting her over the threshold as she entered her new home. - This recognition of the house spirits is very strikingly seen in the domestic fairies, already treated of, and which in recent times got the designation of 'Brownies,' or some such local name. In the old-fashioned English farmsteads the goodwill of these household fairies was carefully considered and retained by sundry little gifts. Bowls of milk and cream were placed in snug corners for the dusky Bprites, who could appreciate such attentions and enjoy the simple fare when no curious eye was watching them. Or, in milking cows, a little milk was spilt at various places with the same intent. In the Orkneys it was a custom to have a stone with a hole in it about the farm stead, which was known as ' Brownie's stone,' and into the hole in this stone a portion of milk was duly poured ' for Brownie,' as also beer, when the latter was being brewed. The penalty ; for not making such offerings to the house spirit was that, otherwise, the milk would get spilt, the butter would not come in the churn, or the beer would spoil in the making. The Brownie of the family was in someway supposed to represent the good fortune of the family, descending from father to son, and there can be little doubt that the reverence paid to these house spirits was simply a modification of the primitive rites of ancestor worship. Perhaps the most striking survivals of the pagan rites of -sacrifice in English folk-lore are found associated' with the change of the seasons and. with agricul ture. Agriculture unites the present with the past more intirnately than any other of the vocations of life ; whilst the tillers of the ground are, as a class, the least affected by those modifying influences which have of late years tended to sweep awaythe popular customs and traditions of the people..* - It is to this class mainly that we have to look for the Temnanta of folk-lore that 'BtflT survive, and the_ most perfect examples -are found associated with the cultivation of the land, the care of flodiriad herdflj the critical periods of the year i^tii 'regard ta the crops, and ejipedalljr ia tha harvest, which is the crown and .consummation of t31 asrioul tural labour. Martin, In his -- Western Isles of Scotland,' says that on Candlemas Day, which falls on February 2, and is the feast of, the purification of the Virgin Mary, the peasantry, after dressing up a sheaf of oats in woman's clothes, puts the image into a basket with a wooden club. The members of the house just before getting. , into bed cry three times, ?'Brudr is come, Brad is welcome.' In - the ? morning they examine the ashes on the hearth for the impresaof Brud's Club, which, if they can discern, it is the sign of a prosperous year. The dressed-up sheaf might very well be in tended to represent the goddess Ceres (or the equivalent goddess of agriculture, as known in the Northern mythology), who was appealed to for a blessing on the grain sown at that season of the year. The ceremony being performed on the day of the feast of the Virgin Mary would imply that the latter had become asso ciated with the pagan goddess in this, rural ceremony. The ' harvest home,'' whilst generally marked by more or less demonstrations of joy throughout the land, has lost much of that quaint pic tureaqueness which formerly attended the last load-, in, its home-coming. In - the' North of England the time- honoured 'kern supper' is still held when the farmer and his harvesters join in a round of mirth, on perfect equality, to mark the ingathering of the year. The last load comes in decorated with branches and flowers ; the harvest horn is blown, and lusty lungs proclaim the happy consum mation in a few -doggerel lines of verse. The 'Kern-baby,' which- was an image dre&sed; up with corn and flowers, and which probably represented the Roman Ceres, as above, is now almost extinct, but the old custom of hanging up a few ears of corn in the fanner's kitchen, and retain ing them there until harvest came round again, is still respected in many places. Less importance is attached to thiB custom now than formerly, for it was one© re garded with Buperstitiou» feelings, and a farmer would on no account allow this remnant of the harvesting to betakendown till the .time for replacement with the newer corn came round lest his crops should fail. It was probably originally a votive offering to the gods of plenty. In reaping the fields it was an old English custom to leave a corner uncut, which was known either as 'the good man's portion' or ' the bad man's portion,' the difference of terms probably arising from whether the idea of sacrifice comprehended a ihank-offering to the good spirits for their bounty, or an offering of propitiation to the Evil One that he might do them no harm. In Scotland some of the ancient customs relating to infancy incladed certain ceremonies in which fire played an important part. Thus, fire was carried round about the mother after accouche ment, and also round the infant. before it was christened, and having returned home from the christening the baby was finally passed three times over the fire. These customs have a close resemblance to rites of a similar character observed- in pagan Greece, and were apparently intended to signify the dedication of the child to the gods of the household. The Christian form of dedication took place in the kirk, and the pagan dedication over the sacred fires of the hearth. Nursea were also accustomed to wash the babies in water that had been heated, not in the ordinary way, but by placing hot coala or iron in the water. All kinds of virtues were attributed to water thus heatedj it being 'healing,' 'strengthening/' 'protecting,' &c; In the North, of England old ladies and nurses have great faith in ' cinder tea' as a cure for gripes in infants, the said cinder tea beingjmade by dropping a red-hot coal into water,, and administering the-, water thus warmed to the infant. This remedy was used by a- nurse who had charge of an infant in my family a few years ago whilst we were residing on the Tyne. This was no doubt the primitive method of heating, water,, and a reversion to this obsolete method in the case of infants, for their better protection, is suggestive of an appeal to house spirits who once ruled the fates, of tha family. The incessant crying of a griped infant would appear as though some evil spell was upon it, and to break this evil influ ence what could be bo- effective as a glow ing coal from the hearthstone of the tute lary spirits of the household? The fires which a few years ago were very commonly lighted on some eminence on the 1st of May have a Celtic origin. They are (or were) known both in Scot land and Ireland as 'Bealtain' or 'Bael Fyr,' that is the fires of Bael, the sun-god of the ancient Celtic and other northern nations — a name which is remarkably similar to Baal, the sun-god of the old Phoenicians. So also in the rites asso ciated with these respective divinities there is a striking likeness in the altars upon high places, the burning fires, and the passing through the fires, common to both the Phoenician and Celtic peoples. How these rites were kept up in Scotland at the close of the hut century has been graphically told by an eye-witness : — 'Upon the 1st of May, which is called Baltan or Bal-tein-day, all the boys in a township or hamlet meet on tile moor. They cut. a table in the green sod, of a round figure, by cutting a trench of such circumference as to hold the whole com pany. They kindle a fire, and dress a repast of eggs and milk of the consistence of a custard. They knead a cake of meal, which is toasted at the embers against a stone. After the custard is eaten up, they divide the cake into so many portions, as similar as possible to one another in size and shape, as there are persons In the company. They daub one. ofithese portions -11 over with charcoal until it be perfectly Sack. They put all the bitB of the cake Into 5 bonnet Every one, blindfold, draws out a portion. He who holds the bonnet is entitled to the last bit. Whoever draws the black bit is the devoted person who is to be sacrifised to Baal, whose favour they mean to im plore in rendering the year productive of the sustenance of man and beast. There is little doubt of these inhuman sacrifices having been once offered in this country as well as in the East, although they now omit the act of sacrificing, and only compel the devoted person to leap three times through the flames.' The reason why May Pay was chosen for Buch a festival was, no doubt, because our Celtic ancestors reckoned it as ths beginning of summer, and, therefore, a suitable time for special propitiatory sacrifice to their sun-god. At Bewcastle and neighbour hood (Cumberland) these May fires are known as ' Tandlet Eten,' and were described to me by one who had taken, part in them as follows : — ' A bonfire of peats was first made, the neighbours ranging themselves meantime into two parties, one to defend the bonfire and the other to attempt a raid upon it. The man who could successfully carry 'off a burning peat, in. spite of. the defenders, was reckoned victor or prizetaker.' This curious contest may have originally re presented a son inyjih, portraying the struggle of .the. seasons and the victory of - the sun over winter. These sun-fires -were also lighted on Midsummer's Day (that is, the summer solstice) * and' on1 'November 1, which was' con sidered the end of summer, and was, moreover, Halloween, the night of liberty for the occupants of the lower regions, who-cam© in dusky: swarms over hill and dale. What so fitting as fo light up the sacred 'fires of Baal on : the hilltops to limit their wifoATnAf-TnnMng powers? At each of these seasons you , may still find die icustota. of 'bonfires: kept up in the : secluded - parts of Northumberland and elsewhere, whilst the names ('Bael' and ',' Tandlet') by which they are known to the countiy ?people is evidence of their great antiquity. But what waa a solemn religious rite toonr ancestors is now mainly left to the juveniles ; and as they jump, even yet, through the firesj they symbolize a dark period of human history when they might, indeed, have been offered in actual sacrifice to secure the favour of BaaL The name of this Celtic divinity survives in many place names and remarkable physical features of the country. Yeneric Bel, on the borders of Scotland ; : Belan, in Montgomeryshire ; Belan Banks, in Shropshire ; Baal Hilfy in Yorkshire; Balerium, the ancient name of the Land's End; Bel Tor, in Devonshire; besides numerous illustra tions on the Continent show how widely spread the rites of this Celtic deity were acknowledged. ..The evidences are tha more interesting in that the names usually belong to conspicuous hills, and these often bear evidence of Druidical remains oh ttiftir summits. 'We can only find room for one more illustration, which, according to an English paper published in 1879, 'is one of the few- remnants-of ancient customs still observed pretty generally in Here fordshire. On the eve of old Christmas Day there are thirteen fires lighted in the' cornfields of many of the farms, twelve of them in a circle and one round a pole much' longer and higher tV**H the rest in the centre. The fires are dignified with the names of the Virgin Mary and Twelve ' Apostles/ the lady being in the middle/ and while they are burning -the labourers retire into soine shed or outhouse, where they can behold; the brightness of the apostolic flame* Into this .shed they lead a cow on whose horn a large plum cake has been stuck,, and having assembled around the animal the ? oldest labourer takeB a pail of cider and addresses the following lines to the cow with great solemnity, after which the same verse is chanted in chorus by all present :— Here's to thy pretty face and milk-white horn ; Bteaven send thy master a good crop of corn, Both, wheat, rye, and barley— all sorts oi grain— ? And next year, if we live, we'll drink to thee again. He then dashes the cider is. the cow's face, when, by a violent toB»of the head, the throws the plum cake oa the ground, and if it falls forward it ia an- omen that the next harvest will be good; if back ward, that it will be unfavourable. This is the ceremony at the commencement of the rural feast, which is generally pro longed to the following morning.' Nothing could be more complete than this rural sacrifice except in the one particular of not taking the life. There is the ox for sacrifice, the sacred fires in foil- view, the: cake for the altar, the libations in cider, the solemn invocation for a prosperous year, and even the divination^ which was always an attendant of sacrificial rites. All this in the latter half of th& nineteenth century ! An inHer (to use a geological simile) of paganism amidst a Christian order that is thirteen centuries old. No better illustration could be given of the persistence of popular beliefs and the value of folk-lore in tracing, the social, historical, and religious progress of ths human race. 