ECHOES OF MELBOURNE. (By Tus GHOST.) All the political big-wigs have now opoken. Messrs. Service, Berry, Patterson, land (fillieo have through their constiti eucics talked to the country, and the coun try is at the present momsent just us en lightened in regard to the future, as it was before the oracles opened their mouths. The tone adopted by the three Ministerial speakers was slightly exculpatory, and ignoring the dictum of qui s'excuse, s'accuse, theyall ost themselves thetaskof explaining the Agency-General and the sixth jsudg ship "jobs." Mr. Gillieo, who was the last of the Government trio to unbosom hissoelf, evidently doemed discretion the better part of valour, for not one word did ho utter in reply to the speech of the honourable member for Castle maine, who in his rugged, rough and ready fashion handled the Coalition Ministry very severely. In regard to the future, not a single word did Mr. Gillies voucheafe to his Echuca audience, his utterances being chiefly confined to a laudation of the Go vernment doings during the Berry- Service ern, andi a justification of the conduct of his late chief in designating his sue ceossor, without reference to the Queen's representative or the constituencies. As a matter of course the reticonce in regard to the future policy of the second Coalition Government is disappointing, and will uaost assuredly entoil another appeal to the country ore very long. Heow are candi dates to range themselves for or against a Ministry of whose component elements iand designs they are in profound ignoranuc i All that aspirants foroeats in the Assembly can do under present circumstances is to utter vague platitudes in regard to being in favour of "a cessation of political strife," and anxious for such "legislation as will materially benefit the colony and ensure its progrbss." Perhaps it is ass well that the people's representatives should enter the House as free and untrammelled by pledges as possible. But had Mr. tillies been desirous of bringing back a return of the old system of "government by party," Ihs certainly could not have set to work in a more suc cessful fashion than he did on Thursday evening when addressing his " friends suid supporters " at the Ecisuca Temperance Hall. The Premier-elect has, however, promised to meet Iis iconstituents again, and untold the Government programme "ewhen the elections come about." Until this somewhat indefinite period arrives in tending candidates and the country gene rally must be content to possess their souls in peace. Mr. Patterson's outspokenness at his Castloiaine meeting, when lie so emphati cally denounced Meesro. Service and hierry and all their works, has got the honourable gentleman into a scrape. When instancing the "jobbing" capabilities of the Coalition team. hoe alluded to the bill authorising the purchuase at a good round suilt of the Roostowin Junction Railnway. This line the I senior member for Castleiaine described as " it lot of rotten nleepers and rusty iron rails," and this rather unilattering des cription of his property has provoked the owner of the railway (Mr. Murray Ross) into becoming the plaintiff in ais action for libel, As Parliamentary plivilego will be pleaded in bar of proceedings, a iomiewheat novel and interesting point will be decided by the courts of law. It is well known that. within the four walls of the Assembly any absent person can be abused and his character blasted at the sweet will and pleasure of privileged "gentlemen," sad the privilege is often extensively used. Whether the Parliaiientary uriis extends beyiud the preciucts of our legislative halls is, however, still is most point. Should the question he decided in favour of the defendant in this ease, what a vast field for forcible languago will be opened to political oratory! The senosationisl episode of the week has been the murder of a child by her mother and sister and the attempted suicide of three other members of the some famtily. Insanity, intonsified by religious mania, caused by attenuiance at Salvation Army meetings, is the camus assigned for the puerpetration of the fatal deed. But there appears to have been is eousiderable amount of method in the iuad noss of tlie surderesseo and would- be asiicides. While effectually, to usoe their own words, putting one daughter "out of harm's way," by cutting her throat from ear to ear and nearly severing the head from the trunk, the mother tools good care not to wouid herself, and the daughters only to inflict such injuries oil theuselves, by cutting their arms with a ponkiife, is will necessitate surgical treatment for is few days or weeks. As the perpetrators of the cruel deed are now in the hiunds of the police, Press comments are hardly fat'; but the interest attaching to the truthitel tragedy is imisre important froee i4 psy'clib. logical than Is crimin,4l paiot of view, aiid msore interesting to bite medical profossion than to the gogeral uiblio, Alresady are the ocientiots at work on the case, and one learned professor is already sps,.uliating in language somewhat vague on " the insoepa rablo interdependence of the moral nature and the nervous system," and as to " how our finest is well as our giost fiendish emotions may have their tap-rootes i tle Dells or fibres of Is single gusglison, end Low it particle of phosplsorpes more orless may make the dil(ereneco between a qntsi derer and a phuilmnithro ist, or it trunk and a ihilospttser." Wh1ltlier the writer of the tslioy 0 iqý)?tr l\as not the particular amount ~t ptiosplloroii' requisite to constitute i lilosopher, Iis 58,500 readers (as per ac countast's certificate) alone can deter The "noble, game of cricketi" is fast degenerating into a mire e ouiey grubbing business. A disputus as to whether the Melbourne Club sis to allow 21 or 10 per cent, of the gate money to be taken at the Intercolonial Match between Victoria and New South Wales has eventI-iated in the locale of the game being shifted to a new ground, the Isbiprletors of wdflpic sire not squite so keen as the lend. isig Iydney Cilot; o loo( go se fter known cri je(ng term, " Sydney grab. $ rac' y coins to have another besides its present signitlcinco of the manner in swlichs certisin Nsew South Witless bowlers, in the good old anti-gate osoney and pro fesoionel cricket dssyo, score scoot to do. liver the lheathiern sphere. The threatened bresd-ffislins to Mel lbosrns and the aidigrhip has teen averted isy the ceocesioon on tthe puart of the mill. isg fiu O~liboeei lht hours system to their emsloye.lHad tlio providers of flour uoft " knucklled down" the journeymen IEaters would have gone out on strito. and Vic torian hssoesholders wogld have been lift witliost "thme stsfiof life," From the first of Febursgry the lucky millers are to get rico ousra' paylfor eiglsthouro' swork, Mr. 1lerry's promino to snake ttiis eolony "so pIrhdise for the working man" is fast beteg Ilisfortuns of the direst kind is, by the old sopg, invroked on 'the visual ogans of all iaid suwdry weho "mrb ths ppor sevn of his hoer." What fste opht then to befall tthoss who rob poor sioseen and children of their Sunday sifternoon's milk I' 'the first day of the scook wvill hsencoforths be a, eseerleon one in deed, With tho iloor of the public- house rigorously closed isgalnst him, isnd bereft of the "enup that obsers but not inebritetos" vhsat is ties thirsty soul to do is5 bheess sweltering hot days, on many vt which tho Yen Yuan tap is dry P The milk carters have met and resolved that after the first of February they will no longer supply their customers on Sunday afternoons, and if compelled to take their accustomed " walk" on the day of rest, to resort to the now fashionable expedient of " striking." As the cows have not yet met to discuss the expediency of witholding their supply of the lacteal fluid on Sunday afternoons, the question is still surrounded with some little difficulty. Anyhow Sunday "after noon tea" will no longer be an institurtion in the aristocratic mansions of Toorak and St. Kilda. In the Chinese quarter of Melbourne there is weeping and gnashing of teeth, and Little Bourke-street refuses to be comforted. The steamer Afghan lately arrived in port having on board a goodly number of cousins of the sun and moon, the majority of whom turned out, on in vestigation by the Customs authorities, to be, despite the fact that they had~never previously set foot is the colony, natura lised British subjects and in possession.of the requisite papers entitling them to the protection of the " flag that braived a thousand years the battle and the breeze." A closer scrutiny, however, dis closed the fact that the new arrivals did not know a single word of even the most pigeon-like of pigeon English, had received their passports in Hong Kong from their Victorian countrymen, and were thus en deavouring to defraud the revenue of the poll-tax. Somie 70 of the spurious Victorians are now in custody, and the unfortunate commander of the ,teauter that brought this accession to our population is to be proceeded against by the OCstoms ollicials for a breaeh of the immigration laws. As the penalty for each Chinaman imported amounts to £100, and half the fine goes to the prosecuting olficials, the proceedings in the Police Court will be a pleasant re laxation to the Government officers who divide the spoils. A share of £7000 is not Is bad morning's work. Quite as peculiarr as the ways of the heathen Chinee are the proceedings of the trades uiomns. When the wharf labourers struck, and the sympathising Seamen's Union followed unit, large sums were voted by the 'Trades Hall Committees to keep the men in idleness-and beer. Yet whre a great calamity overtakes the class to which " the working man" belongs sueh as the late bush fires in the IIeytes bury forest, which left a number of de serving settlers homeless- ind penniless not one single farthing do the various trade societies give irs relief to the suf ferers. The duty of alleviating the misery of the homeless and hearthless ones is coolly delegated to the "bloated capitalist" and the ' brutal employer." To their eternal credit be it recorded that this much abused section of the Victorian com mnunity has nobly and generously res ponded to the apparl. Subscriptions have indeed come in so liberally that in many cases the last stato of the birht out men, women, and children will be far better. than the first. Had the charitable chosen to "strike," what would have been the position of the bush fins victims P Feb. 1. 