E I'll EMI till AT C. i & TLE-MA1NE. (BY OUR r.KrORTEKS). 1^1 evening the lion. Jatnes Service addressed pe meeting of his constituents in the Theatre il, Castleinaino. There were about 700 persons •nt. The Mayor, Mr Ganlton, occupied the , and besides Mr Service there wore also ou ilatform Messrs Berry, Tucker, Campboll> ridge, Jjcvien and Colonel Sargood, Mr P, r ia, M.L.C., and Mossrs Duffy, Moore, ,■11^11, W. M. Clark, Yeo, Hall, A. Young, .vim, Bell, Cameron, and Shackell, Ms.L.A., ' [r Thomas, private secretary to the Premier. Service upon making his appearance, was .lly greeted. Mayor briefly introducod Mr Servica to tha audience, expressing the hope that they would up li.iM the reputation of Castlemaine for giving public speakers a patient hearing. MrSoVvice, who was greoted with applause on rising, said it was a pleasant thing to meet a friendly audience, and especially when one was in the position of retiring from public life instead of entering: it. Ho folt that he could not out of re spect and courtesy to his constituents give up public life without meeting' them at Castlemaino. (Hear, hear). He had come more to say good-bye than to make a speech. He regretted to saj' that he was not in good form owing to hoarseness, and li<3 lnped the audiencejwould iwt place him in danger of hutting his voice. It was on Boxing Day, 1SS2, that he returned to the colony after an absence of nearly two years. He found then that Parliament bad just adjourned for the holidays, never, as it happened, to meet again. Sir Bryan O'JjOghlen recommended the Governor to dis solve Parliament, assigning, as one of the chief reasons for that course, that the House wa3 so obstructive that no satisfactory business cjuld be dona in it. HIS CANDIDATURE FOR CASTLEMAIN'E. In the month of February, loss than two months after his return to the colony, he found himself on that platform soliciting the suffrages of the electors of Castlemaine. Having been absent from the colony lie had beeu out of the fighting circle, but by the information with which he kept himself posted ho understood that during that period the position of the O'Loghlea Ministry had been one of anxiety and trouble. In the House there had been numerous votes of no confidence, no business had boon transacted, and not a lino of the esti mat jj had baon passed. The estimates were passed by the present Parliament just after coining into existence. At that time the colony had manifested a desire for an end of the trouble which had existed so long, and for business to be carried on in a more satisfactory manner than it had been. THE COALITIOS MIN'ISTllY. Whon the new Parliament assembled it was. found that tho O'Loghlon Government was in a considerable minority. The country had pro nounced its opiuion upon the Government, and all tho Parliament had to do was to execute the behests of tho country. Amotion of "No con ti.lonce" wis carried, and tho present Ministry was formed. Tho Ministr} had been known from the commencement as the Coalition Ministry. The prediction was made at the time that it would soon die, but that prediction had not been ful filled. THE nOV'iTiNJIE.VT's EARLIEST ACTS. Shortly after it was create! the Government be came confronted with matters of an important cliaractor. One of the first things was the ques tion of tho Irish informers. The country rose in arms against them, and the action of the Govern ment then, gave it its first hold upon tho con-, stituencies. Then camo tho questions of annexa tion, New Guinea, New Caledonia and the New Hjuiides. Well from the way in which those questions were dealt with, and the feelings ex pre^sfdfrom timo to time by the local bodies, the Ministry were thoroughly in accord with tho country. (Applause.) He might hero express the gratitudo he felt to one and all in Castlemnine for the way in which they had excused him on account of his onerous duties. During the time he had b sen Premier, he had not boon able to run up and sea the pjop'.o of Castlemaino as often as ho should. He had also to thank them for the way they had strengthened his1 hands in dealing with those important questions affecting ' the colony at largo. THE BKI.ATIOXS OF PARTIES IN THE CABINET. The Coalition Government had been as much united in dealing with tho various questions which iiad engaged its attention as any party Govern ment which had ever existed. (Applause). There h id never been any bad feeling ill the Cabinet, and as a rule they had never even baan divided on a question. There was a feeling at first that the representatives of the two parties who had come from the eajt ;i;iJ the west as it were, had to take care to protect their party rights and proveut thsin from baing encroached upon. The reserve which at tirat existed gradually gave w.iy, and Oi'ei' since one side was ratli6r prepared to yield than ask the other side to yield. The whole career of the Cabi net had been oue of peaco, and one of tho Govern ment's bitterest opponents, in a political sense, had remarked that it seemed as if all animosities which nreviouslv existed had died out. POLITICAL I'ATUONAGK. He remembered that when ho addressed thom on the lu.-it occasion ho had told them that political patronage was the canker which was eating' into "the vitals of the nation, and lie had promised that if returned ha would me all his influence to put an and to it. In accordance with this, two moasures, t)ja Railway Commissioners Act and the Public .Sjrvica Act, had been ijtroduced and passed by tiij Government. These two acts ho regarded as of exceedingly great importance. Mr Gillies, as Couinii- sioner of Railways, was the first Minister wl.o had struck a blow at political patronage. He declined to make any appointments, and said he u-mld leave them all to the; Engineer-ia-Ohief. That was the first blow, but it was only the act of one man, and eould ba reversed by any succeeding Minister, lu ordur to effectually put a stop'to the system it was necessary that a law to that end should be placed on tl>« statute book. They would .ill remember the condition of (.lungs under the nld law, whan members of Parliament were con tinually banking round the departments seakinj; appointments for soma of their friends or con stituents. One of their members, Mr J 14\. Patterson, had vigorously condemned the ?5'sUii;i, and said that, whrn Minister of iiailways, ho was so pestered that at night u-hen ritiring ho used to look under his bod to see if then was anyone there waiting to ask him for a billet ((Laughter.) Members could not get out of this, and were, in fact, forced to do it, as their constituents would come to them and ask them to "get so-and-3o a billet; I know you can do it if you like." Members had in turn to go to the Minister and ask for the appointment, sayirir also "I know you can c]o it if you like." (Laughter) In this way all sorts of pgrsaps, whether qualified or not, got into the service, and the bigger the muff that was appointed the harder it was til get rid of him, for if he committed a fault, the tama influence ctis brought to boar to shield him frojp punish ment. This sort of thing became notoriuus, aud the ordinary rules of business were utterly ignored. Persons »^re appoiutod without any regard to their fitness for the position or to the question irliethar thev were wanted or not. THE RAILWAYS. Aa regards tho policy of t!ie railways there was no continuity undor the old system when Ministers had everything in their own hands. One Minister would want to build a big shed, and another to pull it down ; one would want to excavate a big dock, and another to fill it up. (Luighter). By hand ing over the control of tho railways to a board of commissioners tho continuity of the system was prese.ved, and responsibility was also provided for. (Applause). Under tho old system Parlia ment never had any hnUi upon a Minister after he left o&ce;, no mattor what wis brought to light, for he would bo fitting ou tho ether aide of the Home, and could afford to laugh at any thing that was siid. But now that tho control of the railways was in tho hands of a board, the Commissioners wore always there t > answer t<> Parliament for their actions. Under t!ie old system, serious accidents ware of frequent occurrence, and, from a financial point of view alone, they had a serious effect on the revenue, r.ut now though they had a few accidents under t'lo Commissioners, they were rapidlj' dying out. As the effects of tho improved system wero extend ing themselves aj regards tho drafting of the bill, its operation showed how carefully it iiftd been brought out by the Government. When the Com missioners were appointed, tho only iostiuctions placed in their hands consisted of a copy of the Act, which alone tliey wero told to follow. Since their appointment, tho Commissioners had never once had to apply to the Attorney-General iV.r an explanation of an}-portion of its provisions. This was a great deil to say for an act which had to work such ouormous machinery as that of the rail ways. The railways of the colony were a splendid property, and were now in a prospeiays condition. Ho would like to sea it a settled policy, i<; bp handed down as a tradition to future generations, that the profits on tho railway should be made to pay the interest on tha national debt. When this was done, and the revenue exceeded the amount required, then he would reduce the rate?, both for pas-engers and goods. If this principle were adopted, and it wore mac-o known at home as a settled policy, then tho credit of the colony of \ ictoria would be as good n.s that of any country in the world. (Applause.) With regard to THE PCliLIO SKRVIC2 ACT, a good deal had been said ia some newspapers about dissatisfaction in the department* as to its working. Now to show how far thi* was true, he would mentiou the case o-* a deputation from the Public Service Association which had wallid upon him, headed by Mr R. J. L. Kllery, an ollicer who commanded general respect, with r.'f?ard to some alterations which the,}' suggested. In making known their views they stated distiuctly that they wi.sned the Act preserved in its integrity, and in payitiy; this they represented fally nine-tenths of the whole public service. 'Xho Act was based on two fundamental principles, one of which was that introduction to the public ^ service should bo by competi*ive examination, so that every boy and girl in the colony who could pa*s a State school examination would have an equal chance of obtaining employment. (Ap plause), The other leading* principle was that pro uu>t.«»n should be by seniority. The Act so far ha-i worked very well, arid ho had received pnly pna or t\yo compla nt-', of which he would give *i 5i.ai? A young man who had passed the Civil Service examination had received an ap pointment at LOG per your. He wrote, complain that, th"U$:h ha had been reveuth on the list &t; the ex.v.iv.nation, another youth who had been twexi-'.y.ftecond oa the 'list at the same examination r.«i recyivod an appointment at the same time at **0 J»er year. Iu a postscript this youth added t'ia. he knew the appointments were made in ac cordance with the Act, as ho was 17 years of age »u the other youth was 10 years, alluding to the provision in the Act providing that psrsons enter* p^ tha service under 19 jeara of ago should re ■ *° *10 Jess par year for every year they wprf) under that :i£<i at tha tkno of appoint meat. Tho reply he (the Premier) sent back was:—"Iain sorry tha other chap is older than you—(laughter)—but don't think I am in any way responsible fur the date of your birth." (Loud laughter). The only other complaint he had re ceived was from a University mail who had passed the matriculation examination tion ani who wanted a l.'overnment appointment. Ha (the speaker) told him to enter for the com petitive examination, and go through tho same routine as- other applicants. The University man was aggrieved at this; but if passing tho matriculation examination were deemod a suffi cient qualification, there would be enough rich men's sons matriculating to keep every one else out of tha servico, whoreaa tho object was to give everyouo an equal chance. In making this revo lution in tho Public Servico the Government were actuated by ft desire to, as far as possible, avoid injuring any individual, and with this viow it was provided that, incases where persons woro getting salaries higher than the work they were doing was worth, the work Bhould be classified at its proper value. The holder of the office would not liavo his salary reduced, but tho next man ap pointed would get the reduced salary. When tho Public Service Commissioners set thouisalves to classify the work being done by each otticer it was only natural that every man in tho service should classify his own work, and it was natural also that lie should classify it higher than tho Commissioners would do. The consequence was that there were a great many appeals, some of which were made upon grounds just and proper, some upon sheer speculation, and some from Bheer impudence. In one case an appellant being pressed for his reasons for appealing, at last said that he had seen everyone else trying to get up a peg,and thought he would try too. (Laughter.) He would pay the commissioners the compliment of saying that a more industrious or capable set of men never woiked for any Government. Tho muttaringonthesurface was merely aminuto blister on the skin, and had nothing to do with the life blood Df the Act. As soon as tho shaking up was pretty well done, the Act would work smoothly and steadily. He was perfectly satisfied that tho people would never go back to tho old style now thai they found tho advantages of the new system, which gave every boy in the colony an equal chance. THE MALLEE ACT ; dealt with an aroa of twelve millions of acres of what had hitherto been waste land?, all attempt* at settlement proving failures. Since tho Act was passed this had all been taken up, half for fivo years, and half for twenty years. Though the sea sons had not siuce beou good, the holders were still hanging on, and would no doubt bo successful. Ho had been told that tho malleo, if it hud plenty of wator, would be the Garden of Victoria. In duo time the whole of this land would revert to the paopla considerably improved. THE LAND ACT dealt with the whole of the remainder of the State lauds, about seventeen lnillious of acres which had never previously been occupied. This Act was working admirably, and so far as could bo seen the whole of this land would be taken up under lea.se3 for -10 years. The whole of the laud dealt with in these two measures would revart to the State; and this thirty million acres should alone pay the natioualdebt of the colony. THE DISCIPLINE ACT gave them for the first tirna a real army of defonce. Tho volunteer system had beau nearly defunct. It had 110 life and no feoling, prido or onorgy. Now they had a force full of life and energy, and Colonel Sargood had carried its establishment through with vigor and earnestness, and had put the whole force on a proper footing: THE RAILWAY CONSTRUCTION ACT which had been passed was of great magnitude, aud the works under it wore being constructed as rapidly as possible—mora rapidly in fact than they had over been carried out before. The whole of the rnonoy required for the lines passed was provided for, and they could all bo put in hand, but for a desire not to unduly interfero with the labor of tho colony. (A. voice: What about the Newport workshops?) THE HARBOR TRUST ACT. Tho construction of harbor improvements, enabling vessels to coino by means of a canal right up to Melbourno, was pro vided for by this Act, and in about a year aud a half they would have the salt-water (lowing right up to Melbourne. THi JUDICATURE DII.L provided for the improvement of legal processes, and now that the Supreme Court Bench was fully manned, legal business would be greatly facilitated and to a considerable degree simplified. For many years successive ministries bad endeavored to pass a MINING ON PRIVATE PROPERTY ACT, and no fewer than six bills had been sent up to the Upper House. At last an Act had been passed which provided that not an acre of land should bs tabooed to the miner. It had been stated from time to time that hitches wore occurring, and that the bill would not work well; but the bast proof was that it had worked from day to day. Certain amendments were suggested, which were not acceptable to the Government or to tho Assembly, and it was stated plainly by the Attorney-Goaeral who put the question—Aro wo to put this bill on the statute book as it is, or learo matters as they were? Ho chose the former alternativn, and tho bill was there for what it is worth; and it could be amended with far moro ease and to greater satisfaction than by introducing a perfectly new measure. THE LIOKNSrNa AND FACTORY ACTS. These measures, which the Government had in troduced, were described in certain quarters as " grandmotherly " legislation ; but ha might re mark that similar "grandmotherly" legislation was being introduced in many countries. Tho people in the country districts did not feol so much interested in theso matters as thoao in town, but there was no doubt that they would prove bene ficial to tho colony at largo. Passing away from enactments ho would refer to an important matter, which, however, was not yet oil the statute book. He referrod to iimiG.vnox. As representing tho Government ho could assert that there was no auustion into which tho Minis try had thrown bucIi vigor as that of irrigation. (Cheers.) An they were awaro, the Government were so imbuod with tho importanco of the matter that they sent a member of the Cabinet, Mr Deakin, to America to investigate the method adopted there. Tho result of that visit was, that in a remarkably short space of timo, ho gathered information of a most valuable character which had been put before the people of the colony in a descriptive and reaiiijjlfl manner for their instruc tion. (Cheers.) One of the benefits accruing from the trip, and showing the importance flf having representative men in high places wa3 this. In connection with the systom of irrigation as carried on in America, the iron pipes used were quite rtiffeient from those used in tho colony. Those in Victoria were made from cast iron, wijile in America sheet iron was used in every case. Mr Deakin, observing this, on his return brought the matter under the notice of the engineers here, and shortly afterwards the Government were prepared to accept a contract for £100,030 for the supply of pipos for the Yau Yean. Tho information obtained by Mr Deakin was utilised, and they obtained pipes of the description used in America for £60,000. Thereforo they saved two-fifths of tho whole aura in this one contract alono, and if thoy considered the onorjijous aipount of pjpe's necessary for tho reticulation of tha' colony, they 'cofild form soine idea of tho enormous amount that woijld Vj.o eayed by Mr Deakin having keot his eyes about liiui while in America. (Cheers.) FINANCES. When ho took tho position of Treasurer, ho found that there was a sum of £2,000,000 roquired to pay old loans. This was a serious mattor to face when another big loan was also contemplated However, this had been satisfactorily arranged, and they had been able to pay their bonds. He had also been able,fortho first time in many years, to bring down the estimated receipts to tho estimated expendi ture. Tho principlo adopted by previous treasurers was to have a fictitious sum, and great sums wore voted for public works which were not spent in a manner that pleased the Treasurer himself. It was impossible to spend six and a half millions of money out of six millions, and the House having directed him to do what lie could not possib y do, ho did what ho considered the best that could bo done under the circumstances — (cheers and laughter) — and it gonera'Iy resulted that the biggest beggar got tho lion's sharo of what was going. (Cheers ) They hud now the largest fl mat ing balance in the bank< that had existed formally years. 0;:o of the most pleasant incidents in con nection with his toim was that when tho Govern ment took oflice their debentures in the London market were at £101 os; while now they stood at £105 10s, and for tho first time in many years they topped tho debentures of New South Wales, or those of the other polonies. (Cheers.) Another point was THE USEMPLOIEp. When tho Coa'ition Ministry took office the?e was a great cry about tho unemp'oyed, and tho Government )iad at one time 435 of this class engaged on day labor. £Te was glad to say that there was nothing of this kiijd now: and tho success of tho colony was based upon p.eapo witi; orosperity. KKDSItATIO.Y. Ho was weji aj/arp t)>at the polony had bean watching with keen eye? tna n&tiijo; of tlip Qoyorn ment in connection with federation. (Gheors j in various parts of tho colony the local bodies, includ ing (Jastlemaine, had lent their assistance by sup parting the action of tho Govormpent by passing resolutions, and they wora now in this position, that five out of thosix provinces in the Australasian groups, representing a population of half of all tho Australasian c ilonies, had joined in the move ment. It was a matter for deep regret that three of the other colonics had not come in with thora. In one case what was simply an accident led to non-inclusion ; in the sccond caso it was tho result of a mistaken notiuti on tho part of the gentleman at the Jioaf} of affairs, and in relation to the third, viz , ija.v South Wales, ho could not pive any roas;,if lyhateyer. ffn from the papers th"t was som'n distuiU'u.,u in conncction with Samoa which would influence New Zealand, and uo doubt lead to that colony's joining in tho federation movement. (Applause.) The first Federal Council was to ba held in Tas. mania on the 25th of tho present month, and Mr Berry and himself had been selected to represent this colony. It might be that tho beginning was hmnblo, but like a grain of mustard seed it woulc. grow into a large and goodly tree which would bear good fruit. (Cheers.) Thero was no reaso:i why colonies wishing to agree to certain things should not do so; and this was all that the Enabling Act empowered the yariouj colonies t> do. (Cheers!) ANWEXATrO.V OF NEW GCIKEA. They all know how it was that tho endeavors of the Government to aunox New Guinea'had been frustrated, viz., by the inaction of Lord Derby. It was also attributiblo-to S:r Alexander Stuart's un fortunate telegram, which fell like a bombshell amongst the various Agents-General, By this combination of circumstances Germany was allowed to step in and secure possession of half of the kingdom. When future historians wroto the history of tho unsuccessful attempts to annex New Guinea, they would doploro the result as ho did nosv, (Applause), Germans, no doubt, <?ero ejs ccllem 11'ichbora, but this was pour consolation, iustf»d of feeing- the British H tg ilyuig over the islands which should have been included under the protect. rAte of the Hnelisli Empire. THE NEW HEBRIDES. Mr Service then briefly alluded to the action of the Government in preventing the importation of French convicts into the New Hebrides. At 0110 time there was nothing so imminent than that tho island* would fall into the hands of France, but this result and its concomitant evils had been pro vented. THS SUPPORT ACCORDED TO THE GOVERNMENT. - In the existing Parliament the Government had an amount of support that probably no Ministry had bsforo, and this support was accorded by both sections of tho House, which to him appeared ono solid phalanx. S.une members of tho House had no idea of the proportion of time to which they were entitled. They did not considor that as thoro were SO members, and that each member's share of tho timo of Parliament was ono eighty-sixth part of it, or, allowing tor half being dummies, one forty-third part of it. When ho mentioned an in stance of ono mombor rising bo often as thirty-fivo times in ono night, they could understand the difficulties the Government had to contond with. Tho members of the Government had ofton held their tongues in order that work should not be im peded. Thoy had been twitted with doing too much work and doing it badly, nothing could be done light while tho Government remained on the Treasury bench. It had been said that much of the work dono by tho Governmenthad been scamped and rushed through. It certainly was a fact that owing to tho waste of timo during the first part of the session the Government were com pelled to rush work through at the latter end of the session. One of the remarks which was made again and again by tho Opposition was that the Government wore too stronsf. This remark was made recently by one member who had been in tho last Government, and ho (Mr Service) had asked him how that Government had got along in the face of tho strong opposition which confronted it. (Applause). That Government had, under tho circumstances, been unable to do anything at nil in tho face of tha strong opposition manifested to it. A weak Government was a curse to the country. It was most desirable that there should bo a strong opposition to scan and criticiso Go vernment works, but for n Government to be at the mercy of tho opposition was a most uufortu nato thing for the countiy. (Applause ) THE CIIARiCTER OF THE GOVERNMENT WORK. It had boen said that the Government had scampod a number of the Acts. One of the mem bers of Parliament who had spokon very strongly in this strain was a gentleman who was associated with one of the most practical Acts which had ever been placed on tha statute book That Act was the Regulation of Mines Act, which as they knew had proved of immense service to the country. (Applause.) Yet it had been amended twice. There was always a possibility of making a measure more perfect by subsequent amend ments, and that additions had to be made did not say that the measure had been scamped in the first instance. He remembered introducing thj Trans fer of Land Act many years ago, based on the Tori-ens'Act. He did not thoroughly understand tho question himself, and though they passed tha first dozen clauses in the face of a most determined opposition, they eventually passed the measure. It was placed on the statute books, and later on they obtained tho assistance of the lawyerj in amend ing it. Had tlioy waited for the lawyers' assist ance in tha first instance they might never have had tha Act placed on the statute book. CHABGM AUAIX3T TUB dOVERNMEN'T. During their career there had been 110 a istained chargo againut the Government. Now and again during the last session ona of the Opposition, who was used to slang-whanging and using big words in his attacks upon tiio Government, made charges. On one occasion recently he brought a direct charge against one of the Ministry, and h« (Mr Service)asked him to rest his roputation upon it and he would have it investigated. He did not accept tho challenge. He (Mr Service) afterwards heard that he had irons outside of the House and remarked to another member " What a fool Service was to think I was" i in earnest." Members generally know whether this member is in earnest, however well simulated his show of earnestness may bo. That >vas one ad vantage of having old members returned to Par liament. If the electors found that their members served them well and could ba trusted, they would fiud it to their advantage to return theui. TUB KERFBRD APPOINTMENT. ' Thoy wero charged with ouo job. It was also the biggest job, because it was ratified by both Houses of Parliament all but unanimously. (Ap plause.) It was well-known months ago that Mr Kerferd was to be sixth judge, and ho waa compli mented in tho Ifouse. A job implied ouo of two things. It may ba that a judge ii not needed, or that tho man chosen is not fit for the position. Ho would take the first supposition that the judgo ia not needed. Those who road tho papora would know that they teemed soma time back with reflections on the Government because of tho block iu tho Supreme Court work. Ouo of tho metropolitan papers which now opposed the Kerf *rd appoiutmeat, had stated at tho time that tho block roferred to 41 not only attracts, but commands attention." (Ap plause.) Several loading members of the bar came to him (Mr Service) to point out that they could not cot on without another judge. Tho Govern ment really began to feel very much ashamed of it>elf, and responsible for this block. A bill was introduced by tha Attorney-General providing for' tho appointment of a sixth judge, and while tho House was dealing with it ono of tho papers came out with the assertion that there waa no block at all. The House did not pause, however, but when tho bill came before the Upper House there was a day's hesitation, which was only overcomo by a petition presented by tho Law Institute. So far: as the judgo being necessary waa concerned he thought ho had disposed of that. (Applause.) Then as to Mr Kerferd's fitness,—thero was nothing ha regretted more than the personal attacks that had been made on a gentleman who was a member of the Cabinet, and than whom no member, of either the Asseinb!y or Upper House, w.is more respected. As Attorney-General, Mr Kerferd had had as much, if not more, experience than any other person in Victoria, and as a law officer his experience certainly extended furthor than that of any other person. It waa generally admitted that Mr Kerferd was no fool, but a man of ability and expoiienco Ho had bscn for years studying law iu its most diverse forms, and a* Attorney-Geuoral ho had been consulted on im portant p lints, aud performed duties of a far more diversified character than was generally under stood (Applause.) It had been said that he had rmh K.wl mnnh nrn^i™ nfc t.h* W- hllfc h« I (Mr Service) knew of many barristers who could dig out verdicts from juiios for their clients, whom he would ho sorry to ^eo on tho judicial bench any more than he would like to aeo a certain personage who would be nameless. (Cheers and laughter.) Mr Kerferd had been educated in a good school, having been with Judge Fellowes for two years. Ho (Mr Kerford) had always done his work well, and in every instance his decisions had been upheld by tho Full Court. They would no doubt remember tin celebrated " blackbirding " case, in which Mr Justice Fellowes decided that because tho place of imprisonment had net been specified tho accused must bo set at liberty. Mr Kerferd contended that tho law sn proscribed was bad, and his argument was uphold by tho Privy Council. Qouns'el for tho Harbor Trust ho (Mr Kerferd) also obtained the case on ap^e*! in which tligy (the trust) had beeu ' mulcted in lioavy damagea, and'ajajj) jt was duo to his astutene-* that tho Government recovered tho large sjuu of money from tho defunct Oriental Bank. It was absurd to *tato that a gentleman so upright and capable was not competent to sit on the bench. Ho (the speaker) did not believe that one-tenth of the people of Victoria endorsed tho abuse heaped upon Mr ICerferd. It was said tint Mr Kerferd was a briefless barrister, but he (Mr Service) had been told by a leading barrister of Melbourne that since 1SS0 his firm had paid him one thousand puinoas as fee*. (Cheeis.) On« of the most respected judges in tho colony also had haid he was delighted that Mr ICerferd had been appointed, and ho was confident ho would make an excellent judge. (Applause.) Another barrister had i?aid that while they (the barristers) know more case law than Mr Kerford, that gentleman knew statute law much better. Tho Government would have failed in their duty had tiny not ap p anted Mr Kerford as the sixth judge. Some people obj-'cted to the Attorney-General appoint ing himaeif to the bench, but this had not been done, ft was simply a matter f<»r the Cabinet; and ho might inform them that tho Premier had a good d°al to say in tho matter. Tho Premier had to stga tho commission and if twenty attorney-generals appointed them-clves they could not take tho position until that commission hui been signed. The appointment was the result of the unanimous consont of tho members of the Cabinet, aud the almost unanimous vote of both houses. For his part he would say that he never had a better col league, and ho ventured to predict that within a very'short spies time j:he inople W-iiUd say they never had a better juilgtj.' ' (Cheers.) MB. SERVICE'S HKTIUEJIKKT. Up to the present tiwo the Government had Commanded tho respect of tlis cnun'ry and Par liament, !>nij he Ijelijyed that if they hud goao be fo'ro tha country yitji a stjlid {{h^Uax, ask ing for a reiuwal' of confidence,' they \yonld havo been returned with a substantial majuily. (0!}C?rg.) Hovyovcr, that was not donp. When no returned to thu oniony from h)s l^st trip to England, ha had no intention qt j-o-entorinar poli tical life i and when ho did so and accepted otiico, In had 110 idea it won'.d )as,t so Ions, u* gener ally tlw lives u( Rovernnieuta wOf« short. At the b^iiming of last session ho found the strain upon his constitution very .severe, and afcer the budget si- eo :h he was so prostrated that he was compelled to remain away from the Huii-o fo a month. He was one who worked hoa:t and sou!, and when there was no work to do lie made it. (Heir). What might be termed his foreign policy was an additional tax upon him; and he would here take occasion to remark that had it not b:en for the services rendered by his worthy private iosie^ary, v;hq wwi not only hip ai})nnnen?H but his riyht hand, ho did not l;now wnat hu would have done. (Cheers). Tho tn* upon his constitu tion, as ho had said, wai vory severe, and Iig had rej-.jved to take a rest from active political life. (Chears). THE NEW CABINET. When it was found that both Mr Berry and he had decided to rotiro from tho pofitic.it arena simultaneously, the question arose, Who waa to take the . helm'! The Government had bein been charged with dictating'fo tho colohy as to who should bo placed aa leader, but they (the Go vernment) had done nothing of the' sort. They were bound to consider what advice they should pive his Excellency the Governor regarding the future carrying on of businesa. That being the case, what could be moro natural than to seek among those who had been with them as col Ir.apiie.-. and select one who had had maDy yeirs of Parliamentary experience, and had beea a Minister of various Governments. (Cheers.) It must be remembered that this would be an in terim Government and therefore tho Cabinet could not ba blamed for chosins; Mr Gillies as the ioador of their interim successors, They were well awara that Mr Gillie3 had been heart and 6)ul with the Qoalitiqa Ministry, and they also know that ho would not ruveiso the policy ls',1 been si) far promulgated. (Ch?ew.) Tlio question of education appeared likely to engage their attention in the future, and Mr Gil lies was well quaK;i'j<] as a member of the Govern men', which pissed the Education Act, to administer it. (Hear, hear). And was there a man hotter acquainted with the question of irrigati >n than Mr Deukin? (Applause). So far •n the action of Mr lierry and himself in retiring at this junctnro was concerned, ho thought they lmd taken tha correct couran, In New South Wales recently Sir Alexander Stuart and Mr Dalley had retired and handed over the reins of Government to Mr Dibbs just before the general election. Old supporters of the Government had a right, perhaps, to feel vexed that they were u.it to runiaiu and back them up when an appeal was being made by them to thoir constituents, but it would be felt on reflection that tlio course adopted was the only manly and straightforward course they could take (Applause!. SHOOLDTHE COALITION SYSTEM GO ON' ? The question wis whether this coalition system should g<l oil. That was a question for the consti tuencies to say yea or nay to. The parties had united like two streams of different colored water, and to his mind there had not boen :> coalition but aa amalgamation. (Applause.) Has that amal gamation bo -II productive of good or evil to the country ? Was it desirable that they should call out the old party cries and resuscitate the evil days of the past? (No, and applause.) The attempt to resuscitate those old party cries would be uttorly vain. They would bo worse than ghosts, because a ghost was not a good thine without a clean sheet abint it. (Loud laughter.) It would be the resuscitation of putrid corpses, repugnant alike to the touch, the smell, and tho feelings of . the whole people. (Loud applause.) Somo poli ticians, perhaps all politicians, were desiroU3 of getting iuto office. They were looking out at all elections like stormy petrels. They were on the rampage now. (Laughter.) He hoped there "w 'uld.bo no division of partios. Wh?n real cause for strife catne up each party would bo able to take its side. But when there is no causj for strife cursed bo ha who bringeth on Rtrife. l App'.auso.) ; THB DECKSfBALlSATION QDKSTIOJf. Ho intended to deal with the decentralisation question, but as.the hour was rather advanced he felt he would have to pass it over (cries of "Go on ") He did not like the cries of " town against country," and "country against town." It seemed to him that :ha 'body of decentralista had been formed without a platform to begin with (" No".) At all events they had'been to some trouble to make a platform. ' ("No.") He would tell them one or two facts. One gentleman had gone to Ballarat with the idea that the Electoral Bill pro vided seven now seats for Melbourne constituen cies, and three for country constituencies, whoreas there were five for the country and five for the metropolis. Again, one of the requests of the Decentralisation League was for bonded stores iu country districts, a privilege which they had possessed for twelve yeira past. The league ought to have got figures to stait with. Their platform had been altered. The objection to the workshops fit'Newport wasadefinite enough point, and the most definite of tho lot. He had prepared some figures showing the expenditure dur iug the last ten years in the town and country. It must bo remombered iu con nection with this that Melbourne was in point of population one-third of the entire colony. In works and buildings £1,705,000 had been spent in the town, and t'l,(iGS,000 in the country. In diamond drills £37,000 had been spent in the country, and in the Prospecting Vote £50,000 hud been spent in tho country. On agricultural socioties £7,000 had been spent in the town, and £95,000 in the country. On sc;>b prevention £86,000 had been spent in the country. On charitable in stitutions £515,000 had boen spent in the town, and £037,000 in the country. On school build ings £285,000 had been spent in the town, and £1,070,000 in the country. On the maintenance of schools £873,000 had been spent iu the town, and £3.520,000 in the country. On froe libraries £00 000 had been spent altogether. On subsidies aridspecial grants £320,000 had been spent in the town, and £3,200,000 in the country. On tho Mining department £50,000 had been spent in the country. On the mail service, £120,000 had been spent in tho town, and £!!G0 in the country. Ou the Water Supply, £681,000 had been spent in the town, and £1,120,000 in the country. He might mention that tho Tan Yean was paying the interest on the money spent on its construc tion, so that the amount of £061,000 should come out altogether. The totals were £4,540.000 for tho town, and £12,629,000 for tho country out of a total of £17,H>'J,000. If they took 30 per cont for tho town, Melbourne ought to have receivsd £5,150,000 when it actually got £4,540.000, which was less than its proportion Taking the railways from the beginning, £5,330,000 had been spent on Melbourne, and £22,300,000 on the country. Mel bourne had thus received three millions less on railways than it should have in proportion. CONCLUSION. " He had notv to thank tliem most heartily for the kind way in which they had listened to him. Although he had no!; been able to devote much time to the district, what ho had done he hud doue conscientiously. (Applause.) He was glad to part from Castlemaino on the same terms a« he had from his two former constituencies. He had parted from the olectors of Kipon aud Hampden and of Maldon, on tho eve of visits to tho old country, and, as in those cases, he left them on the best terms of friendship. H« bade them farewell, for the present at least. (Prolonged applause.) TBY ELECTRIC TELEGRAPH. | Mr J. W. Horwood, in a few well-chosen remarks moved the following resolution : —'• That thi3 meeting desires to jxpress'its sincere th inks, and debt of gratitude to the hon J. Service, for the self-denying, patriotic and successful manner in which lie ha* fulfilled the onerous and honorable duties as member for Castlemaine and Premier of Victoria." The resolution .was seconded by MrH. 0. Rowe, and carried amid prolonged cheering. llr Service briefly responded. ■In response to calls, the Chief Secretary made a faw remarks, in which ho thanked them for the very cordial reception ho had met with. Theusuil vote of thanks to the chairman brought the proceedings to a chno. 