Sunday Reading. How Much Do You Owe I Br thb Eh v. 0. H. Spvboboh. I will take the cup of salvation, and call upon the name of the Lord.—Psalm cxvi. 13. I SHOULD like to make each man his own assessor, to assess the income of mercy whioh he haB received, and put down what should be the tribute of gratitude which he should return to tho revonuc of the great King. 11 What shall lrerdor untothe'Lord for all X)is benefits?" Calculate for a minute what we owe to God the father, and what wo ought to render Him for tho debt. As many as have believed in Christ, were chosen of God the Father from before all worlds. He has chosen you, that you should be holy, that you should be His child, that you should he made like your elder brother, Christ Jesus. You are God's child, ordained to dwell for ever in eternal bliss. What shall wo render for this ? lhink also of what you owe to God the Son, to Jesus Ohriat. X mean as many of yon as have bq)ieved on Him. Think for a moment on the habitation of the highest glory, and con* sider how Jesus lefc His Father's throne, deserted the courts of angels, and came down below to robe iHimBelf in an infant's clay. There contemplate Him tabernacling in our nature; see Him after He has grown np, leading a life of toil and pain, bearing our sicknesses and carrying our sorrows. Let your eye look straight into the face of the man who was acquainted with grief. I shall not ask you to track all His footsteps, but I would bid yon come to that famous garden, where in the dead of tho night Ho knelt and prayed, until in ogony Ho sweat drops of blood. It was for yon, for you, that there the bloody sweat drops fell to the ground. You see Him rise up. He is betrayed by Hifl friend. For you the betrayal was endured. He is taken. Ho is led off to Pilate. They, falsely accuse Him; they spit in His face; they crown Him with thorns; they put a mock sceptre of reed into His hands. For you that ignominy was endured; for you especially and particularly the Lord of glory passed through these cruel mockings. Bee Him as He bears His crosB ; His shoulder is bleeding from the recent lash. See Him as along the Via Dolorosa he sustains the cruel load. Your sins are on His shoulders laid, and make that cross more heavy than had it been made of iron. Bee Him on tho cross, lifted up between heaven and earth, a spectacle of grievous woo. Hear Him cry, "I thirst 1" and hear His cry more hitter still, while heaven and earth are startled by it, " Why hast Thou forsaken Me, My God, My God?" He is enduring all those griefs for you. For you the thirst and the fainting, the nakedness and the agony. For you the bowing of the head, the yielding up the ghost, the slumber in the tomb. For you His reaur* reotion when He rises in the glory of His might, and for you the ascension into heaven, when they Bing, " Lift up your heads, O ye gates, and be ye lifted up ye everlasting doors." ^ For you His constant pleading also at the right hand of the Father. Yes, all for you, and what should be done for Him ? What tribute shall we lay at the pierced feel ? What present shall we put into that nailed hand ? where are kisses that shall be sweet enough for His dear wounds? Where is adoration that shall bo reverent enough for His exalted person? Daughters of music, bring your sweetest songs. Ye men of wealth, briog Him your treasures. Ye men of fame and learning, come lay your laurels at His feet. Lot us all bring all that wo have, for such a Christ as this deservoth more than all. What shall we render, Christ of God, to Thee for all Thy benefits towards ub ? Let me ask you to think for a moment on the third Person of tho blessed Godhead—namely, the Holy Ghost. Let us never forgot that when we were like filthy rags His hand touched us. When we were like corrupt and rotten carcases in the graves of sin His breath quickened u«. It was His hand that led us to the cross. It was His finger that took tho film from the eye. It waB His eyesalvo that illuminated us that we should look to Jesus and live. Since that, hour tho blessed Spirit hns lived within our hearts. Oh, what a dreadful placo, I was about to say, for God to dwell in! But tho Holy Ghost has never utterly loft us. We have grievod him ; we have vexed him ofttimes; but still He is here, still resident within the soul, never deporting, briog Himself the very life of the living incorruptible seed that abidoth for ever. My near friends, how often the Holy Ghost has comforted you! How very frequently in jour calm moraonts has He revealed Christ to you! How often hss tho blessed truth been laid homo to you with adivino savour, which it never could have had, if it had not been for Him. Bo is God, and theaogels worship Him, and yet Ho has como into the closest possible I contact with you. Christ was incarnate, I and the flesh in which He was incarnate was | puro and perfect. The Holy Ghost was not ] incarnate, but still He comes to dwell in the bodies of His faints, bodies still impure, still I unholy. Ob, what grace and condescension ii this? Thou blessed dovo, thou dear comforter, I thou kind lover of the fallen eons of men, thy | condescension is matchless! I wish to speak vory pointedly to you as in dividuale, but thero ore so many of you, that I some are sure to slip away in the crowd. 11 half wish I were in the position of the preacher ' who had but one bearer, and addressed him as "dearly beloved Soger." Never mind your neighbour, your brother, your siator, your hus band, your wife, or anybody else just now. If you are a saved soul, the question for you is, " What shall I render unto the Lord for all His benefits towards me ?" " What shall 1 render ?" Suppose, dear friend, you had been the woman bowed with infirmity for so many years, and Christ had loosed you, and you had stood up right; what would you render? Well, you! have been loosed from your infirmity, a worse : decripitude than the ailment she was released from. Suppose you had been poor blind Bartimeus aitiing by the waysido begging, born blind, and you had your sight given you, what would you render? But you have had Bueh a gift be stowed on you. "Sou were in spiritual blind ness, darker far than that which is only natural, and Christ has opened your eyes; what will you render ? Suppose youj had been Lazarus, and had been in the grave bo long that you began to he corrupt, and Christ had raised you ; to fife, what would you render ? Woll, you have been quickened when yon were dead in sin. Zou wero corrupt; you were buried in darkness and in sin j but you can say with the psalmist, "O Lord, Thou hast brought up my ! soul Irom the grave." Now, what will you render to Him ? Let me ask you, dear friends, whether you have ever thought of what men and women can render? Zou may have read the lives, I hope you have, of Mr. and Mrs. Judson in Burmah, ready to sacrifico all for Christ; or the fives of our Baptist martyrs, in Box's Martyrology, who rejoiced if they might burn for Christ. We have still some men and women amongst ub—I wish there were more— whose lives o£ consecration tell you what men can be and do. Are you anything like them? If not, while they are not what they ought to be, and they fall short of the Master's image, how far short must you be? Ohl I pray you be grieved that it is so, and press the question upon yourselves the more, "What shall I render unto the Lord for all His benefits toward me ?" A side question may help yon. What have have you rendered ? Zou are getting old now, or at least you are getting to the prime of fife; what have you done for Christ up to this time? Come, look; look hack now. I must nrge yon to do it. Converted late perhaps, or if converted young, it matters not, still the question must come—What have you done hitherto ? Xbere is no man here, I fear, who can answer the ques tion, " What have I rendered ?" with any self contentment. We must ail drop a tear, feel abashed, and say, " Good Lord, let not the future be as barren as the past, but by Thy mercy help us to a better aud a nobler sort of living!" ... May I ask you, as it may assist in answering the question, how old aro you ? Some of you tell me that you are far advanced in age; then what must you'render in the few years you can have to Uts? Live hard, dear hearer, five hard; live fast in a spiritual sense, for you have little time to use, none to waste. Get as much done as can be done for your dear Lord, before He calls you to His face. Zou are young, others of yon tell me. Oh! then with such a long opportunity as God may give you, you ought to ho diligentevory moment. If you are not diligent now in your early days, there is no likelihood that you will be afterwards. Since you have the special and peculiar advantage of early piety, O render to the Lord the more, because He has opened before you a wider field, and given you more time to cultivate it than full many of His people have known. I will pqt another question to you that may stir your mettle. How did you serve Satan be fore you wore converted to Christ? What rare boys some of you wsro; not sparing body or soul to enjoy the pleasures of sin. Oh, with what zest, with what fervour aud force, and vehemence, did many of you dance to the tune of the dent's music 1 1 wish you would serve Cod half as woll us some of tho devils servants serve him. What, now you have a newfriend, a new lover, a new husband, shall he ever look you in the face and sav, "Zou do not love mo so woll as the old ; you do not serve me so zealously?" Shall Jesus Christ say to any man or woman among us, " Thou dost not love'Me so well as thou didst love tho world; thou wast never weary of serving the world, but thou dost soon get weary of serving Me ? Ob, my poor heart, wake up 1 wake up 1 What art thou at, to have served sin at auca a rate, and then to have served Christ so little ? Another question may be to the point. How do you sorve yoursolvcs ? Zou aro in business some of you, and I like to see a man of busi ness, with hie liand6 full and his wits about him. Your drones, those indolent fellows who go about tho shop half-asleep, and seem as if they never did wake up, what is the use of them ? men who seem to cumber the earth, men who never did see a suail unless they happened to meet one, for they could not have overtaken it, they travel so slowly, such indolent, slow moving men are of little use to God or man. I know that t.ho most of you are diligent in busi ness. Zou never hear the ring of a sovereign without being on the alert to earn it if possible. Zour coats are off, and very likely your ebirt sleores are turned up whon there is n chance of driving trado. That I commend, hut oh, do let us have something like it in the service of Jesus Christ. Do not let us be drudging in tho world, and drawling in tho ohurch ; lively in tho service of mammon and then laggard in the service of Christ. Heart and soul, manliness, vigour, vehemence, lot the utmost strain of all our powers bo put forth in the service of Him who was neTor supine or dilatory in tho service of our souls when they had to be redeemed I now put the question, What shall wo render? What shall I render unto the Lotd ? Lot the question go ell round the pews, and let everybody answer, What shall 1 ren der? Is thero any new thing I can do for Christ that I never did before P Cannot I speak a word for Christ to somebody ? How, because you cannot overtake the loia of a ■ingle opportunity. To-morrow's mercies will bring to-morrow's obligations; to-day's obli gations must be discharged to-day. What shall I render now ? Is there anybody I can speak to of Jesus _ ere I reliro to my chamber to night? It is a little thing, but let me do it. What shall I render? Let me give my God praise to-day BOmehow. There is the communion table around which we are about to gather; that may help mc to render Him some homage-. I will hero take the cup of salvation, and call upon His name. [ To-morrow I shall be in the world going forth to my wonted lahonrs. What shall I render ? I will- consecrate pert of my eubstanco to God, hut I will try to consecrate all to- moriow and next day to Him. While I am at my work, if I drive a plane, or nso a hammer, or if I Btand at a counter, or in the fields, or in the etreets, I will ask that my thoughts may be up to God, that I may be kept from sin, and that by my example I may render some tribute of honeur to Bis name in the light of my fellow men, and I will try to ceize every opportunity that comoe in my way of telling— As for those of you, my hearers, who are no' yet converted, you who are not saved, this is not a question for you. Tour question is, "Whet must I do to bo saved?" and the anewer is, " Believe on the Lord Jeeue Chirst, and thou ehalt be saved." O believe on Him this very hoar ? Trust Him—that is the point; trust Christ. You may come to Him and be Baved at once. Then, not till then, will yon begin to serve Him. 