TOWN NEWS. THE PRESBYTERY AND MR. DODS. An adjourned meeting ot the Melbourne Presbytery was held on Tuesday afternoon at the Assembly-hall, to consider the action ot the Rev. G. Dods in declining to comply with the demand of the Presbytery, that he should submit the manuscripts of his sermons tor examination in connexion with the inquiry as to the allegation which has been made concerning unsoundness in his teaching. There was only a small attendance, not more than about 15 members being present during any portion of the sitting. The Rev. T. \Y. M'Gregor, moderator, was in the chair. The presbytery sat with closed doors from shortly after 2 o'clock in the afternoon until about half-past 6, considering the case of Mr. Dods. At the conclusion of the meeting the clerk read to the reporters a resolution which he said was all that he was authorised to convey to the press. It had, he said, been decided by a large majority that— " Whereas the complaint of Dr. Morrison accusing Mr. Dods of unsound teaching referred to certain sermons of Mr. Dods as sustaining his charge, and whereas a member of the presbyter}* alleged the necessity for inquiry, and whereas the court resolved to institute inquiry, aud three times called on Mr. Dods to submit manuscripts mentioned by Dr. Mor rison, and all manuscripts of sermons preached by Mr. Dods in the Scots Church between March, 1S84, and June, 1883, these latter being thought necessary so as to arrive at a just view of Mr. Dods' teaching, and whereas Mr. Dods refuses absolutely to submit said manuscripts, the presbytery is now reluctantly compelled to declare Mr. boas guilty of ooutu macy." From this decision the clerk stated that the Rev. J. Day, the Rev. W. G. Fruser, and Mr. T. Bail lie dissented and appealed to the General Assembly, and thus further proceed ings are stayed until the meeting of the assembly. From other sources the following particu lars have been obtained regarding the sitting, which is said to have been a very quiet one: —The following letter from the Rev. G. Dods was first read cx gratia, together with the report of the committee, informing the Pres bytery that they could not obtain from Mr. Dods the manuscript of his sermons as called for. The letter from Mr. Dods ran :— " It Spring-street, Melbourne, May 3,1880. " Itev. James Ballantyne, clerk to the Presbytery of Melbourne. " Reverend Sir,—I duty received your letter inti mating that the Presbytery of Melbourne had at its meeting of the 20th of April adopted the following resolution :—'That Mr. liods be called upon, for the third and last time, to submit to the inspection of the presbytery the MSS. of sermons preached by him in Scots Church between March, 1884, and June, 1SS5, and to place them in the hands of the clerk by 10 o'clock on Friday morning; and further, that a committee be appointed to confer with Mr. Dods as to the perilous position he occupies in refusing to comply with the demand of the presbytery.' " i met tbe committee referred to' in the second portion of the resolution, and conferred with them. " With reference to the first portion of the resolu tion, 1 adhere to my original decision, and respect fully decline to comply with the request of the pres bytery. Certain members of the committee sug gested that my declinature might be regarded by the presbytery as contumacious. 1 humbly submit that at the present stage of the proceedings this declina ture is within my constitutional rights. My action iB certainly not intended to be contumacious, and I regard it as only legitimate eell-defenoe. "Idecline to produoe tho MSS. of my sermons, chiefly on the ground that I hare not been aocuaed of heresy. On the 24th of Maroh I received extract minutes of the meeting of presbytery of that date, in whioh I find a oopy of ' the statements made by Dr. Morrison in his speeoh before the presbyteiy. at its meeting on the 2nd Inst, relative to the teaching of Mr. Dods,' and immediately thereafter a resolution adopted by the presbytery to' call for the produotion of these sermons, and all othersjpreacbed in.the Soots Churoh between March 1884 and June 1886.' 1 humbly submit that these extraot minutes do not contain a charge of heresy. "1 have other reasons for refusing to submit my MSS. to the inspection of the presbytery, whioh are of comparatively little weight beside this constitutional objection. I may, however, mention these two. First, that the manuscripts of spoken sermons are not fair tests of a minister's preaching or belief; and, secondly, that at Dr. Morrison's statements and Im pressions are almost entirely negative, to prove them well founded would be to prove nothing. "In your letter of the 6th April I was informed that tho presbytery had resolved to allow me until 20th April to prepare my defence. I did not prepare any defenoe, because 1 did not understand then, and I do not understand now, who Is my aoouser, or what Is tbe ohanre against whioh a defenoe can be prepared. 1 may, however, be permitted now to make some reference to Dr. Morrison's statement, which is the onty thing approximately resembling a oharge which has yet oome bofotc my uottoe. 1 gave Dr. Morrison's statements au unqualified denial on a former occa eiori. 1 be? to repeat that denial, and to assert that I have never consciously preached any doctrine con trary to the doctrine of the l'rcsbyterian Church of Victoria. " Dr. Morrison's statements seem to imply that he thinks I have constructed for myself a system of theology whiih is contrary to the standards of the I're.-byteriau Church. 1 have never attempted to construct any such system of theology. At my licence and ordination I accepted the Westminster Confession as the confession of my faith. I accept it still as the confession of my faith—not merely in what some are pleased to call its essential doctrines, but as a whole. "But to examine Dr. Morrison's statements in detail. "1. Dr. Morrison asserts that 'From Mr. Dods's preaching, sin in the sense in which it is used in the Scriptures and in the Confession is eliminated.' i be lieve that' siu is any want of conformity unto or transgression of the law of God and 1 believe that I teach that doctrine. Dr. Morrison goes on to say, ' and hence the necessity for regeneration and the work of the Holy Spirit finds no place in it.' I do not quite understand whether that is an 'impression' Sroduced by my preaching or an inference from Dr. lorrison's previous assertion. I believe in the neces sity for regeneration and in the work of the Holy Spirit, and I believe that these doctrines are contained in my teaching. Dr. Morrison says further that' iu my preaching the personality ot the Holy Spirit is ignored.' And yet he admits that 1 use the words 'Glory be to the Father, and to the Son, and to the Holy Ghost.' I cannot conceive by what right Dr. Morrison or any other man asserts that I use any sacred formula without attaching to it all the sanctity that tin usage of centuries has imparted to it. Furthermore, I believe in the personality and work of the Holy Spirit. " 2. Dr. Morrison says — ' The truo deity and diviaity of our Lord are not so far as I hare heard distmely and unequivocally taught by Mr. Dods.' Dr. Morrison*8 phrase 'deity and divinity' is either vague or tautological; but I am prepared to assert my belie! in the explanation of it which he gave to the presbytery—' The only Redeemer of God's elect is the Lord .Jesus Christ, who being the eternal Son of God became man, and so was, and continueth to be, Gpd and nian in two distinct natures and one person for ever.' " He says further—'On the contrary our Lord holds the same place as other great teachers, and is classed with such names as Moses and l'aul, Luther aud Calvin, Carlyle and Emerson.' " That assertion made with reference to the teach ing of a Christian minister is too absurd to demand more than a bare deuial, which I hereby give it. " 3. Dr. Morrison Bays—' From Mr. Lexis's teaching the doctrine of the Atonement as laid down in our standards is eliminated.' " Dr. Morrison's statement is vague. I do not find either in the Confession of Faith or in the Catechisms any concise statement of the doctrine of the Atone ment. 1 may, however, refer to questions 38, 39, and 10 of the larger Catechism as the best concise state ment of the doctrine of the Atontmcnt as I under stand it, and teach it. "Dr. Morrison also says—'Our Lord's literal re surrection, if taught at all, is taught vaguely, un satisfactorily, aud equivocally.' I assert that posi tively, precisely, and satisfactorily, to myself at least, I believe our Lord's literal resurrection. " 4. Dr. Morrison says—' I have not so far as I re ooilect heard a prayer from Mr. Dods presented in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ.' The only answer I can make to that assertion is that in Aus tralia I must have offered up a thousand public prayers which Dr. Morrison never hear). One of my luogt common forms forccncludiug aprayer is ' Grant us this grace for Jesus'sake.' "Dr. Morrison says finally:—' The whole tendency of Mr. Dods's teaching is destructive and rationalistic, calculated to undermine the authority of Holy Scrip ture, and to obscure the supernatural and miraculous in religion.' This statement is vague, and may mean anything or nothing, according to the interpretation that one chooses to put upon the different words and phrases. According to any interpretation that I can put upon the words, 1 believe that Dr. Morrison is mistaken. " I shall feel obliged by your reading this letter to the presbvtirv, and supplying the press with i C°1>y "lam, reverend sir, " U our obedient servant, "George Dods." The first motion came from the Rev. A. Hardie, who proposed a resolution declaring Mr. Dods to be guilty of contumacy, and sus pending him nine die. This was seconded by the Rev. W. S. Rolland. The Rev. J. Hay then moved an amendment, setting forth that inasmuch as no formal charge had been laid against Mr. Dods, and seeing tbat his letter was a satisfactory statement of his beliefs, no further action should be taken except in proper form. This was seconded by Mr. T. Baillie, and in the course of the discussion the Rev. W. G. Fraser supported it. The discussion was solely as to proce dure, and as to whether the court was or was not acting legally in what it was doing. The Rev. 8. Robinson said that he was not pleased with the motion tabled by Mr. ilardie, and he moved an amendment (the one ultimately adopted), which declared Mr. Dods guilty of contu macy, but said nothing about suspending him. The moderator left the chair for the pur pose of moving an amendment, which would remit the whole question to the Assembly's decision, lie was not, however, owing to his position, permitted to do this, and he there upon made a statement in the nature of advice to the Presbytery, urging that there was an ambiguity in the law of the Church as to the procedure necessary to be followed in a case of the kind, and he stated that he was not prepared to say that the Presbytery was acting in a strictly regular way now, although he had thought at iormer meetings that it was proceeding legally. He had come to the conclusion that its procedure was now doubtful. I his view was taken also by the Rev. D. II. Ballontyne, who moved a further amendment in accordance with it. This was seconded by tiie Rev. C. Bell, of South Melbourne, and stated that, inasmuch as there was great ambiguity in the law in regard to de manding manuscripts, the subject ought to be referred to the Assembly. Mr. Robinson's amendment, declaring Mr. Dods guilty of contumacy, was in the end carried by 10 to 4, the minority consisting of the Rev. J. Hay, the Rev. \V. Groundwater Fraser, the Rev. Dr. Macdouald, and Mr. T. Baillie. Professor Renfoul took part in the debate, declaring that if Mr. Dods's letter represented his faith it was moat strange that he could not submit his sermons as requested, and he suggested therefore that there was something behind. After the amendment of Mr. Robinson had been adopted, a discussion arose as to what should be communicated to the press of the proceedings, with the result as stated above, that the clerk was instructed to supply the reporters with a copy of the resolution only. 1 