TO THE EDITOR. Sir—I am sorry to see that you prejudice your readers' interest in this exceedingly " live question" by speaking of it as dragging " its slow length along," going " over familiar ground," showing "lamentable absence of novelty" in the discussion, as if such things might not be asserted as to Protection v. Free Trade discussions, or as if there were no refurbishing of arguments on the " Land Q.ueBtion." I write especially to point out that it is the purest assumption to assert that our schools have been established to deal ocly with "secular" matters. Have the taxpaying parents who, through their Parliamentary representatives, estab lished the schools, said this? Do they say eo to-day ? Quite the reverse, as the late petition on the matter presented in our Assembly abundantly demonstrate. For many years the Bible was read in our State schools, anu in their establishments this was the law. Now it is shut out from use in the regulation school hours. We aBk that it be replaced. You speak of the " most invidious form of persecution" following the introduc tion of what we plead for. Will you inform the public what persecution has arisen in the United States during the last fifty years consequent on Bible reading in schools? Or is it that you know of such instances occmring iu Eng land in connection with any of the Board schools ? We want to know about this per secution if it exists. It is a pity your article does not distinguish more clearly between "moral" and "religious" instruction in Bcbools. The Bible-in- Schools Society aBks only for Bible-reading with Bimpie undenomi national explanations. That a religious element necessarily attaches to such Bible reading I admit, for the reason that it is an impossibility to give moral instruction with out referring to the religious foundation on which it is based. We have a right to expect that the teachers of our youth whom the parents pay to teach their children shall teach the great moral lawB which are only to be found in their trne setting in the Bible, and which can only be properly taught with the Bible as their authoritative Bource. How many timeB over has it been said here and in England, that to allow boys and girls to plav in the school- yard for twenty minutes, while a select few children in the school room are compelled to read over so many verses of Scripture without a single remark by the teacher being allowed thereon, or without a question being asked, is the mereBt traversity of "opportunities offered?" Our South Australian parents have had this " stone" offered them long enough. We have of course despised it. We now say to our Parliament—" Instead of this stone give us bread in the shape of a provision for Bible reading with explanations within school hours. That the alteration we seek is no matter of form experience shows, because of the utter unreasonableness of the present peiinission it is seldom acted on ; nor so long as the child's nature is as it is can it be successfully acted on. This, too, you speak of as a Parliamentary "concession." We do not want Parlia ment to concede anything. We want Par liament togive parents theirrights. What do these parents ask for ? If Parliament has any doubt about what the parents wish it is easy enough, within a month, for the Education Department at little cost to ascertain whether or no the parents of this colony do or do not desire Bible-reading in school hours. We decline to receive this as a concession. You proclaim our circumstances as a colony to be bo different from those obtaining in London and other towns in England that the system in force under the London School Board cannot work here. Happily we live under other laws from those obtaining in England, as we have no State Church, and there is not the ghost of a chance that there ever will be one in these free colonies. This difference is just what makes the London School Board system eo much easier of application here. No one has the right here to come to our Treasurer and say, "We want money to ray the teachers of our ecclesiastical schools." The State says to each denomination," Hare as many schools of your Church order asyou please, but pay for them." Instead of £cho ~ the London School Board system operat ing with friction here the ground is quite clear for its most suc cessful adoption and frictionless operation. Your writing assumes that the adoption of Bible-reading in our schools at the request, say, of eight-tenthB of our parents will be " unjust to the minority." The children of the two-tenths minority will be in precisely the same position as they are now. They will not be curtailed of the full amount of "secular" teaching they now receive and wiBh to receive. We declare that for Parlia ment to disallow the request of the eight tenths majority is egregiouBly " unjust," inas much as they are practically debarred from receiving that Bible instruction which is de sired. 1 trust the members of Parliament, in the division to be taken on this question next Wednesday, will show that they respect the well-nigh universal wish of the parents of this colony to have Bible-reading, with simple explanations. as an integral part oi our school system. I am, Sir, &c.f; SILAS MEAD. 