A HAPPY NEW YEAR'S DAY; or ROSES AND THORNS; i n [?] LASSALLE'S NARRATIVE. . 11 S Q v. With trembling .hands kjarry tore open the envelope ana read iloud i as' folloWs— ! " The sun had risen for the second time' over the Valley where the sun had wrought such fearful havoc, when I decided.on. paying. -a visit to. Mademoi selle Lidford for purposes of my own. A ri|elfnjj oireSurity| wrisnreviving- in' th| ifeighbournooclr - as" the waters ! were- j gradually disappearing ; and-I had reasons I for hastening matters, lest curiblis' eyes . b ' s && O i f i ' i.i.i'i '$l1 v ; should discover tvhdt I was earnestly striving to keep Secret, So making, my way through the soddenedy iedori'a as best I c-ould, I -rowed down 'the- river to Mrs. Murray's villa, where mademoiselle was staying. I asked for Gabrielle, who soon made her appearance, and conducted me to her young lady's boudoir. " Mademoiselle is very pleased - about the accident to Mrs. Malcome, I fancy," said Gabrielle, as we went across the hall and up the stairs, ' for she thinks it will cost hel rrtuch less! than if you had had to take- the young lady over the water, as you.toid me she/proposed- you doing. She had a hard, cruel- . nature,1 OLassalle full of hatred and jealousy, and I only 1 .wish we had money enough jvithout .play- 1 ing into her hands.' : j " But we have riot money ' without 'if,' ' mignounc,' I answered, 'sd'we. must- get ' i't- by fair means or foul. We shall have plenty soon you'll see.'; a; ' \- "'Mademoiselle thinks-she is handsome enough and young enough to bring Mr Malqqme to, her fegt ; yet-f-and so she- is for tiic matter o(jthat. She told me last night that a littlelafer on - 'she .means to .persuade her brbthef 'td' take a house in; j.London. Of course she wants to go there to have a change of seeing Mr. Mdcoie continually.' " Gabrielle was on the point of opening her young, lady's door, when she drew, back and whispered 'iti my earL-1 « " ' Mademoiselle, nvill |try to bargain with you, as she will, only., have- to pay, you to keep her former intentions secret ; but she can afford to be generous, arid she will be so, if you promise to'.go. out. to Australia: directly we are rriari'ied.' ' . " The next- moment Gabriel kno'eked at the door, and we entered the rooni to gether., ,v iV ' . .... ;,s- Mademoiselle went very 'pale ' at sight of me, probably feeling a . crises , was at hand; but '"quickly recovering herself, bade me1 bon jourj and motioned1 me !to a seat: " .' Mademoiselle,' I said, abruptly, and without a moment's pause, ' the young lady is alive — she was not drowned.!. " Mademoiselle started with wide open mouth/horror and consternation depicted on every feature ; but 110 word escaped her .lips. Gabrielle started and uttered a cry of astonishment. '" She was carried , dp wn- the river as far as the bend,' and T was thpre in a boat arid picked'he'r up. rSh'e was' clinging to a plank that had been washed from one of the houses, and so managed to keep her head;above \yater,. Tf 'she had worn heavier clothes they would have dragged her down , I expect but that light drcssing- gowri weighed nothing.' .r TMademoiselleriaid -bojrii ljpr hands on her heart and gasped for breath as I con tinued—, " ' I knew who it was I was saving, and I needn't lieljLm'ysel/i' 1 j ; -f-'- ; 'i " The look of bittcr;hatred 'on the face of mademoiselle changed to :one of cutt ing sarcasm on' hearing his, and draw ing hcfseli up she said in a. hard sneering voice — ; . " ' VVhat yo'ti say does mot deceive me, Lassalle. If you did save the girl from drowning it, was not from any feeling of pity, but simply because you thought it would -be a more profitable Business for you. And. how am I to:know that what . yori telLrile about jhaVirig saved her is not a pure invention to extort .money from G-/\ f j A 1-4 \- '''Mademoiselle-cari-seefand judge for herself/. I answered.; ; : 0 " The young lady looked me full in the face for a moment, but saw no sign of prevarication there, for I riiad- told the truth. ' ' t " ' Where is Mrs. Malcomc ?' she asked. " ' Laying in the garret of a lonely house' thAf is ''surrounded by water, up Fenton way. ine people about nere call jjt_"the haunted.! Jfopse:" 'C 1 j( ij. ' " ' Who -isHvith Her ?' aked' mademoi selle, evidently 'alatfmed. "'Nobody! Who could I trust ? She is deliribriSi arid raVes abSii't -her- husband i and baby being drowned.' 'And jvhat dc;,you prop.ose-doing ?' " ' That .depends on; i mademoiselle. I can restore lier to her . fyiendp, |Or do as riiademoiselle' thinks best!' '' .. " ' I miist see her and judge for myself,' said' the young ' ' lady; : "after a pause. j'> Whenicari.L doso.?' .ii!'/i '.-Wherieyqri mademoiselle pleases ; but if ,'the. . .yopng, -lady, , js, to cross the Channel the- sooner, thp better.', " ' what! would be -ybur terms if she had to n '"'cross the 'CHhririel," as you express it?' ! /,' "I hesitated a moment,, before answer- ring,' fpr; I remembered what Gab rielle had whispered in my ear at the door, 'arid expected .mademoiselle would try'to bargaliii with rne';1 so:I resolved to name the: exact figures I had in my mind, and npt deminishrityiy one centime, in prefererice to harriijigi 'a .higher sum and , appearing to meet h'e'r views. V. " ' Two thousand pounds down,' I said, and one hundred pounds a year for the young ladies expenses; as. long as you live, and. a similar surii willed to me for my life if I survive you for the.-sme purpose.' " ' Your demands are J extortinate, LassaUe,' said madeomiselle. ,1 ."'<That -may lae.KI' answered, 'but the young lady's husband and mother would givevery penny they possess to have her.back. , It is for madmoiselle to decide : which she prefers.'-' " -r r' decide to give you what you ask, 1 when will you start for Charenton ?' C- Td-niht. ; jl vifill'te the express to London, which leaves here at eleven o'clock; then go straight on via Calais and Dover to Paris, and from Paris direct to Charenton. But I. must have the medical certificates. Mademoiselle sajd shejouldTget the dS' of/one- fr£rq avmong Dr. bidforde's papers — airEnglisK pne. I meattr— and I can write the French brie!" 1 '' ! ' " Tih'woD ©ir.i Sii. 1 .r " ' Yoil shall have the nidtic/ withiii a i iveek, as soon, ill fact, . as-— as she is ; lodged in the asylurtl, arid accepted tlicre as a recognised patient.' , ."'That will be all right,' I answered, rejoicing inwardly at . tlic success attending my efforts. I know something of'their eftorts, and will manage about that: But ;the- young lady .'looks -mad0 already, as" rnadenibiselle wiil say when she has seen her. But I must be going, lest any accident shoijd happen during my absence.' ' . "'She might escape,' said madem oiselle, with a white terrified; look, ' you had better not. delay, Lassalle. . Here is ten pounds to pay the journey.' : " ' Mademois.dtle', I thank you,' I said!;; 'as I put the money, .in, jmy-, pocket.; "X' shall row the yoiing lady! down the river after nightfalV and take a' 'cab from the 'town side to the station: ,Shc will be sleepy about that time, and, all things con sidered it will be the safest . plan;. If mademoiselle writes the>Englisli medical certificate before she comes, she must not forget that the young lady is to be describ"ed'vas Madam Marie Lassalle, my brother's widow i(as. mademoiselle ' re members we arranged on a former occa sion), who is.a naturalised Frcnch subject, and has a suicidal mania. I shall tell then;, when I 'get there,'- 1 added, smiling, 'that I had the greatest difficulty in rescuing her when she threw herself into ,'tlie river 011 account of lfer husband and |child being drowned. Bon jour, madc- imoiselle.' ' " So saying I left.the room, and having reached that part of the river where my- boat was moored, I rowed up in the dircc- ition ' of ! Pentdn. Then as cautioqs"";as might be. I made my way to the haunted house, and found my patient in the same helpless condition as when. I left her. " After. forcing her to swallow a few spoonfuls of nourishment I took mv place by the yviiulow,. and watched for the arrival of iriademo'sellc, who came as soon as it/began to, get dark. Directly I saw her approaching I went downstairs and let her in. She shuddered on hearing the delirious raving of the yoiing lady, arid asked. me for a-:-light,, .scyjiat she mights, show/rrievtlie certificate:. irif the passage, a| she brity waritbtf to go-.. upstairs for a mo ment; jqst. to be sure that I had told jthri truth!'- i!So' when-:I had'!struck a light-! -she showed. me -the certificate, -which she told me. she had - copied from one she had found among her brother's papers more than two years back, when we had first spoken together of the. young lady, and which she had kept concealed. iri her desk ever since. It was written with a quill pen with a - steady handp and in masculine character. In' ran as follows : — "'I hereby certify that, after several interviews with .M/dairie Marie Lassalle, I am of opinion that her mental faculties arc completely deranged, with a strong tendency to suicidal mania, render ing it irnperative that she should be placed under restraint in an -asylum. - " ''Frederic .Lidforde, M.D.— M.R.C.P.L." "Tliis will clench the English' matter, mademoiselle,' I said, exultingly. ' I have drawn mine '.out according to the French form, and signed it with the name of a French doctor , .who - . lives in Leicester- square. ''By' 'this time to-morrow the young.lady, upstairs, who is raving about her . husband and child, will be safely lodged, in the asylum at;Gharentoi.', .- ' . ." r. When you bring me a proof that it is so,' answered mademoiselle, ' I will pay you the two thousand pounds down, or, if .1 cannot. manage to give it you all at once you :sHalLhaVe:the rest -later oil."- '"I must have it all before I leave for good,, every; penny, mademoiselle, "yI said,, fiririiy J '-but as Gabrielle and I " can hot be married for a few days, after nly'.feturn to this neighbourhood that will give mademoiselle plenty of time to raise --the- sum if she lias riot got if in the bank.' " Mademoiselle saw I was determined in what I said, so after aiinoment's reflcc- . tion answered — "'I have not enough of myoivn, althqugli. . I have ' just received my dividends ; but I'll borrow the rest from my brother; and pay him again when -I can. - So now that is settled tell me how you managed to bring Mrs.— the young .lady here, and- hojv you-.havc contrived to keep, -the matter a secret.' , I have a. rig! t to know that' it is a secret:, 'and 'that I am now- being defrauded, ' Monsieur Lassalle.' . . , - < "V B.usinesk is 'business,' .'I answered, ' and mademoiselle is quite right to ask particulars, and I am happy to give them.' ' " ' Lcf void.: Until this time, whenever I!caWe'!iritd'ihis neighbourhood to see my fiancee, I had put up at a small inn not far from Dr. Lidforde's house ; but as I came for a month's holiday on the present oc casion I took lodgings at Penton, it being cheaper arid also 'nearer town./ I hired 'a small boat belonging to a farmer in tlie village, '.and spent a great, d&al; of my time rowing up and down the river, either alone or with an acquaintance/ '' '"'In' the evenings rriademoisellc knows she generally allowed Gabrielle to go out with uie for. an hour. or two. One day I was asking about the so-called " haunted house;" (that' belonged' to the farmer-wliosc boat I had hired, and I was told that it had long-been- untenanted, and was, likely, to cmiin;soJ for h'qt a soul, iri. the 'n.eigjf- bourhood.Ayouirijgp,. neac.it, aftqp, (nighfall, nor inde'ed Jiri the 'day; jfbr the ' matter of tha,t. „ jThe farmer himself s.id.Jt w,as not wortHjfanloldv. song, ana that ine should have it pulled down, for 'even as, a cow; shed .it \vas useless, since! no one wquld go to-!, it to ;feed the; cattle. I asked him particulars and he told me that a murder had been committed 'there sorne years back, and ij:; was believed that the spirit of the murdered woman; -revisited the spot, arid appeared at the windows dressed in White/ Besides this, he!saili, rawfuls'lirieks as if one in mortal . agony, were heard in the house, rriingled with loud, frantic supplications for help. . . i . Y " ' 1 told the fanilei I \Vas llot in tlie least afraid of ghosts, and asked him to lend me the key, as I should like to look , over tlie place. He made no demur to this, but seemed to think 1 must be madi to dream of going there at all, especially alone. . " ' The floods were only just jseginning then, and .there' was ,not< niuch 'water, round the house ; aiid it armised me to look into every hole and . corner, and try to discover how the reports oC its beiiig haunted could have arisen. "'There was no furniture in the house, ( with the exception of two or three Chairs and an old table. In one corner of the, garret , there, was '1 heap of straw, that had probably been stowed away when the owner-had hoped co turn the lower rooms jo'fithe'Jll-starfed building into a shed for cattle. A few days after? my obtaining ' possession- of the key the .'floods were at their greatest height, rind, asmademoiselle knows, accidents were occurfi ng on' every side. The haunted house was entirely surrounded by wafer then, lirit it stood sufficiently high to. escape . bei'ng inun-'' dated. ; " ' I was in my boat at the bend of the river, below Mrs. Murray's villa, when the' accident to the young lady occurred, and the strength of the. stream turned her right in my direction. The plank to which she was clinging, nearly upset me, for it came with great iorce, but I just avoided it, arid got her into the boat. It flashed through my mnid in an instant that 1 could\urn JihtS whole affair to good ac count iv I kept my own counsel; so 1 1 ' tljreiv a rug that I had in tlie boat over | lie rescued woman, and rowed up the river as fast as I could, till I was opposite the haunted house. Then turning the boat along the meadow, which was a com plete lake, I got to within a few yards of the place I sought, and bore my 'insen sible burden to the untenatcd garret, where I knew she could lie concealed un til I could gct her away from the neigh bourhood. "'There was too much distress and 'confusion on all sides for my movements to be remarked, and !I succeeded in con veying what was necessary ,, Tor the sup port of life toTlie young lady I had saved from drowning, without being perceived, or .exciting suspicion in any way. Each evening, as it1- began 'to grow dusk, I hung -the-white-dressing gown near the window that looked on the river at a safeguard against intrusion, although there was not the least danger of any ; and I well knew that it the young lady's screams hap pened to be heard they would only r,e'ndcr my secret more secure. / " ' On the second day after the great floods, as mademoiselle remembers, I went to tell her what had happened, and to sec if we could come to terms, which we did. And now;, woukl mademoiselle like to sec the young lady to convince herself she is not deceived ?' " ' The voice is enough,' answered mademoiselle, shuddering ; ' but still I had better see her just for a moment' "As we went upstairs mademoisellu paused, and said, itifya nervous, flurried, manner — ' A. — . "'Tell Gabrielle 'tb 'come 111, she needn't wait out there in the boat any longer ; she can remain here with me till you and the young have gone.' "So I beckoned to Gabrielle, who came in and waited in the pasage, while made moiselle and I went upstairs. We were talking in a low voice all the -time about the asylum - in France, and itbeing a fortunate thing that the floods were disap pearing so rapidly, as X couk\ get 'qff at once with my charge' without incurring further risk by delay. \ \ "Mademoiselle .only'glancedl at the 'young lady for a second, just asx-I was lifting her from the ground to arrv- hei' to the boat, after having forced her to swallow a narcotic ; but I think she was recognised. " I conveyed the young lady to the boat wrapped in a dark , waterproof that covered her from head to foot, and a black bonnet, both'of whiclTmademoisclle had brought with her fdr the purpose, say ing as she gave theiri into my hands — ' I will giy£you the kck of the house, when you return from Charenton, and now go on as quickly asou An.' " As I rowciTdown tile river with my insensible charge I saw mademoiselle and Gabrielle 'following in tijc distance in Mrs. Murray's little bot that had formerly belonged to Mr. Malcome. I accomplished my journey successfully, and the young lady was received at Charenton without demur ; the two medical certificates, aided by her excite ment, which looked so like insanity, smoothing any difficulties that might otherwise have arisen. "When I- returned to England made moiselle paid me the money agreed on between us, and as soon /(s Gabrielle and I were married we left for France, where we finally settled, as wall considered it would be safcr'for mc//o remain on the sporiin case of 'Vcid/pt. So A did not give up my situation' as keeper, but took a pretty little house iri the neighbourhood of the asylum for . my' wife, where sire, has lived ever since, arid' to which I had daily access. I\havc /o$iing more to say ex cept that I shall leavre for . Australia in a day or two," arid wilk; send you my ad dress as soon as I arrive there / ".Jacques Lnswile." / (To be contln'uoil.) TowLp's Pennyroyal and Steel I'ilus for i Femai/s quickly correct all irre/ulafkics/ and ; reliever tliar dtti'Msinr jjyjiptonyf sp/prcvaknt I with ilie s fcx. / BixesXgs. 9d., q|f a»r Chemists. , Prc/:red/onJiy by E. fr. Towle, Chemist, Notting- , ha$, EngKfnd Wholesale of all the Wholesale ; Houses. Beware of Imitations. ' Paoe WqpDc-ooK'n Wind P114.3.— 30 years, tho /BpKUjianci favourite lycdlcipfe lor tlie cuAi of Wind on tiSRnnaiit Indigestion, lUtioiJnc, Liv/r Oawplaints, \c/T Tfaff/ire certain a£d mtl lufthey aclIiiJi'Ulid are taken by /ll find v/ung with eqial beptittT Of-nn chdtaists at'ls. lid»»2v 9d, 4af Cd., family boxes, lis. Proprietor, Pago" D. Woodcock., Li/coln, England. T 