THE Detective's Dream BY Waif Wander. (W. W.) It is years since I dreamt that dream, yet scarcely a Christmas comes and goes that I do not many times recall it. Perhaps it and the events which followed, made a deeper preseion on my n)omory becaueo I wan at the time barely recovering (torn tho most serious illness I over had in my life, and was un hinged both in body and mind. ? Tho doctore had ineiistud on change of air nnd soeno, nnd I had got leavo from my euporiora, but where was Ito go. Tho bustlo and noise of a anmmor seaside haunt would have driven mo wild, and I had not a single friend in tho country thnt I conM tnko tho liberty of offering a visit to. One of tho unexpected coincidences wo co often meet with in life, and which good folk are fond of calling providential, solved tho difficulty for mo. I mot in tho Htroet Albert Pernberton; a young Univcreity student I had accidentally been nblo to help in a not over ro- Hpectablo mcBB he had got into in ono of our Town slums, and hia good looking face berimed with pleasure ne ho reco?uieed mc. " Good heavens, how bad you look Sin clair," ho oried " I only heard by,tho merest accident tho othor day that you had been seriously ill.' I was just going to hunt you up—upon honor I was, to ask you to aooom pany mo homo for tho holidaye." " Iforao with you I" I said "why I am a perfect strangor to your people. I couldn't have tho cheek to quarter myaolf on them un invited, and what n chance there is of thorn inviting a detective to Worrimonal" "How proud you are ; but you're wrong, for I have an invitation for you in my pocltut. I I wrote asking loavo to take you up with mo, tolling them, you may bo sure, that I wne greatly indebted to you, Sinclair, though I daren't enter into particulare, and thoro—you can read tho paragraph if you liko." " Airs l'ctnberton ie vory kind and I am very grateful," I said as 1 returned tho letter " but you aro goi.-ig to have a wedding in tho family, and I am ijuito unfit for any feati ties." " You need not oven share thorn unleos yon wish. Evelyn's wedding is to bo tho quiotost you can imagine, but you need not oven sco tho ceremony unless you cliooho. I have settled it all in my own mind, old follow, you shall havo my room; it is a regular bachelor's den with an entrance of its own—you can corao and go without a soul being the wiser. Now you won't say no?" I didn't say no, I wont with my young friend to his homo at Worritnona, and there 1 dreamed my dream. Werrirnona was and is ono of tho loveliest spots the sun of Victoria shines on. It in a neet of verdure among the hills that slopo in around it leaving broad openings here and there that the oyo may wander to tho bluo moun tain peaks in tho far distance, or rest on the shimmering windinge of Worrimona Creok. If the wholo country had beon Bcarohod for a peaceful spot in whioh ono might rest and en joy, with a thankful heart tho beauties of God given earth, none fairer could bo found than fair Werrimona. Sire Pemborton had been long a widow and was a awoot- faood, motherly woman, who Bet mo at my case in ,a few friendly words; to Kvelyn Peinbprton, her only daughter and tho noon-to-be bride, I must devote a few moro words. I novor understood tho girl from the first, though Bad after events taught mo an explana tion of much that had puzzled mo. She was very beautiful, no ono could look in her faoo and not acknowledge that, she was twenty one, tall, and slenderly built, but of admirable womanly proportion, and she had the most perfect, though slightly peculiar, taeto in dress, Ucr hair and eyes seemed of almost tho same hues—brown with gloamsof gold in them. Tho former was abundant, soft and wavy, tho latter large, heavy lidded, and fringed with deep lashes that mado a noticeable foaturo in her face. Her mouth was, I think, tho sweotest I over saw, and in her rare smiles tho rioh lips afforded a glimpse of teoth regular and white as rows of pearls. Yob, Evelyn was beautiful in spito of tho almost total absence of color in her face. Her complexion was of a delicate creamy hue, and only in rare moments of excitement a pale rofio tint appeared for an instant in her soft ohecka. Tho very first time Evelyn Pembor ton's eyes rested on rnino in a doop, and al most solemn gaze, I felt a strange thrill through my whole being—a thrill thnt had something of a shudder in it, though tho warm summer sun was beaming down on my bare head as I bowed before hor. It was not until after I had seen her that I felt internet enough to iinostion Albert as to whom she was about to marry. Ho had beon initiating mc into the comforte and peculiari ties of his den, whioh he had, a3 ho promised, resigned to mo, and a little fatigued with tho journey, I eoatod myeelf in a chair near tho window to onjoy the wild view of hill and dulo it afforded whilo wo indulged in a smoke. " Well ?" he asked, " what do you think of the mater and Evelyn ?" " I think you aro a happy fellow to havo such a mother," I repliod, " and that you ought to try and lead a lifo worthy of her." " Don't hit so hard old fellow I" ho said with a becoming flush rising to hia brown cheek, " I'll try hard for the future." "My dear Pomberton, J aesuru you I only epoko in general terms—l had no intention of recurring—" " No," ho interrupted, " I am aure you hadn't, but a bad consoionce you know. But you haven't told mo what you think of my sister yet." " Sho ia very beautiful—very, may I ask who it is she is going to marry, Albort?" " I should think you may ; why you'll meet him at dinner to- night—that is if you don't prefer dining here—l promised you perfect liberty you know." " Thanks, but I must not be too exacting or eelQsh. I must pake tho acquaintance of Miss Pomberton's intended at all events, I have gathered that he is a neighbour?" " Yes, his station is only two milee away and ho is ono of tho nicest young follows in the world. If there ia any fault to be found with him it is his youth, he is tho same ago as Evelyn—but that; you know, wiil mend. Sho is a lucky girl to hook suoh a husband as Kingsley—Charley ie amiable and wealthy." " And is devoted of course ?" "Oh of course that goes without saying, but I don't mind telling you, Sinclair that he's far easier satisfied than I should bo in bis place." "Aβ how?" " Because Evelyn ia co cold—if I was going to be married to a girl I'd cxpeot hor to ecern happy at all ovonts." "And don't you think your Bister is happy?" " Sho says eho is. But oh heavens Sinclair what's the uso of trying to understand women ?" added tho nineteen year old oynio, " I don't suppose thoy'ro ever of tho samo mind two months together. " I hope you havo no reason to inolude Mies Pcmberton in that sweoping accusation," I aaid. " I havo then," was the ehorfc answer, and the young fellow bont his brows gloomily and pulled hardjat his oigar oro ho epoko again. " I know that you're a safe oard to talk to Sinclair, I can trust you to hold your tonguo if I say to you what I wouldn't to another. You see tho mater and Evelyn look upon mo as a boy, and I'm out of tho running in family coneultations, but I sppko up about Ned Cor vryn before things had gone too far, and I got snubbed for it." " Ned Corwyn ? " "Oh, you don't know him, ho'a another neighbour, a sohool-mato of mine and of Evelyn's too for that matter, though ho is yoare older than either of us. Well, if over a | girl wbb spooney on a follow Evelyn was on him, nnd by Jovo it was mutual, ha worshippod the ground eha walked on," "Iβ ho (lend ? " I naked, thinking I had found a solution of tho myetorioue sadness in Evelyn I'emborton'eeyos. ? " Bend ? not ho'l tho poor fellow's taken it liko a shoop, and is tho mator't) right hand man. You will sea him nt dinner to-night, too. " Am 1 to understand that your sistor was engaged to this Mi. Convyn, and that it was broken off in favour of Mr. Kingeloy ? " " That's how I tako it, but an a rnattor of fnot I know nothing positively. I toll you I nm only tho boy in this establishment, nnd am not trusted with tho family secrets, I know that I used to oh ait Ned about being my brother and ho liked it, nnd all at onco it wan as much ni my life was worth to vunturo a hint ftt Bitch i. thing," I felt rather curious to eeo those young men who wore to meet on friendly terms undor such peouliar circumstances. Tho low nun was shining in tho drawing-room window at Worrimona when Mrs. Pombarton introduced mc to them, and my first idoa in connection with cithor was that I was disappointed in Kingeloy ne a husband for the queenly Evelyn. Ho was simply a fair-haired and empty-headed boy, full of chatter and vanity, good tempered doubtleafl, and proud of hie beautiful Jiniicvc, but no more suited rin guide, guardian, and companion to suoh a woman tlinn a school boy of twolvo. Kdward Corwyn wnn a totally different stamp of man. I dnrceay bo was twenty eovon. Ho was tall and strongly built, yet gontlomnnly—nay, distinguished looking. I have soon auch a man in n cavalry regiment, with a eword in his hand, and tho air of ono born to do groat deeds. What could bo tho aeoret influonco that .forced Evelyn I'omber ton to discard to such a man for a common place boy suoh oh Cbarlio Kingaloy ? And yet whon I hnd engaged in conversa tion with him, and been Roma time in his com pany, I began to think that tho grave gentle ness of Edward Corwyn might hido a terrible will and liorco passions. Not that ho revealed {hie in words, bnt I onco or twice saw a flush in hio eyes, as they turned towards Mien remborton, that haunted mc. In his iramo diate attention: , to her he was only the smiling and attentive old school-follow, nnd he treated Kingeley as a man would a favoured brother, lightly and half mockingly it: wan only when ho inomontnrilly forgot his rolr that I saw tho dnrk groy oyos (lash with an ominous fire. I watched Evelyn cloaely, but saw nothing to guido mo as to her feelings in the digniiled calm of hor beautiful face. She accepted tho attentions of hor intended in n queonly way that Boomed natural to her. Her grand eyes woro turned on him, onOorwyn, or on'myself with the earuo quiet smile. She wan liko a beautiful piece of mechanism wound up to play a certain part, in which it was impossible eho should fail, Onco. or twico I saw tho mother's eyo glanco anxiously towards hor, and once I saw that Evelyn'u eye met thoso of her motbor, nnd an swered tho nnxiety in them with a firailc. It wae a tamo evening altogether, in spite, of tho young peoplo'e inusia, and I wna glad when I got back to Albert's room, and was onco more seated by tho open window look ing out at tho moonlight lying in patches on tho raountnina, nnd silvering tba nearest foliage with gloamg) among the ?hades. I was contrasting tho solemn quiet of this night econa at Worrimona with the glaring gas and noiay streets of Melbourne at that hour, when tho door opened and ray young friend Albert entered. " I gueased yon would not bo eleopy Sin clair," he said as ho dropped into a chair op posite mc, "this is an early hour for fel lows used to town life. I won't bo in thoway, oh?" " Not at all," I roplied, "' On tho contrary I am glad of your companionship. This " and I pointed to the gloomy Hhadowe among the eilent hills "ia depressing to me—it Iβ liko a land of ghosts." "Aye, after town it !*? quiet. But Sinclair I've got news for you—our wedding is to oomo off sooner than we expected." " Sooner ? " ' " Yes, you know it was settled (or tho i?Otb, but it eecms that Charlie has business press ing in Sydney, and ho'a coaxed tho mater to let tho tnarriaco tako placo on Christmas eve." " And your eiator hna consented ? " "It seems bo. 1 didn't know it until to-night, but it seems everything has been put forward. By Jove its a good job I brought my war-paint up with mo after nil I" " You aro to bo beat, man, of courso? " " Yes, and Miss Emerson ia to bo brides maid. It'H not Charlie's fault that it's to bo such a quiet aiTair—he, poor fellow, would willingly have spent no end of money on it, but its ono of Evelyn's fads that she's to bo married like—like a machine girl by Jovol" , I heard a good deal about tho arrangements beforo Albert loft mc, and I eutthcro thinking over them and enjoying tho quiet, long after tho household had retired. The rustling of tho lonely branches on tho darkening hill-side hod a weird attraction for my unaccustomed cars—tho voiceless air breathing on my face seemed to bring now life into my veiue, yet withal oven my hardened soul felt, as I hnd told Albert, a solemn depression that was half fear in tho lonely night scene among the Wer rimona Hills. I had rieen, and was about tocloet the win dow, whon I saw a woman's form gliding among the busbos a littlo distance from the baok of the house whero my room was, nnd I naturally stood etill to wntoh. I h:id no light, for I had pat out the lamp on my first cn tranoe, bo as to onjoy tho fall beauty of tho calm moonlight. Tho woman did not go far, she stopped undor n treo a little way up tho aide of tho hill, and was quickly joined by a man. Tho latter was tall, that was all I could bo certain of, though my oyes wero keon from years of detective duty, but tho woman 1 had a nearer view of beforo she disnp poarod. The interview was a short ono, and tho female hastened bnak towards the house. Once she turned to look baok and satisfy herself that hor companion had gone—it was aa she turned again and moved that her face nnd figure crossed a ray of moonlight and I saw them both. It was a short, active girl of twenty-three or four, apparently ono of the maids, and diegusted with myself for watoh ing a sorvant'a interview's with come ruetio lover I closed tho window and went to bed. 1 slept well and was out in tho garden be fore any of the family had made their appear anoo. Shortly aftor, however, I was joined in my stroll by Mrs. I'omberton, who in hor tasteful morning dress of palo blue looked young enough and happy enough to have been the prospective brido herself. She was evi dently in a happy mood and soon tho convor eation drifted to tho eubjeot that wae doubtless nearest to her heart that summer morning. " You have heard of our change of plan, dear Mr. Sinolair, has soon as I am to lose my Evelyn ?" " Yes, Mrs. Pemberton, Albert told mo last night. Fortunately it won't be for long. I understand that Mr, Kingsley's placo is only a oouplo of roiloa away." ; " Yes indeed, it is mo3t fortuuate for mo. And to bo. the mistress of such a houso ac Kingsland is a position that any mother might bo proud to see her ohild fill." " Miss I'emberton would adorn tho highest poeition, my dear madam." " Thank you, and Ido not think I noed fear your words aro intended as flattory, Evolyn is a beautiful woman and a devoted daugh ter." The poor mother's voice broke as she uttored the last low words, but eho recovorod. herself and went on. " I do not mind saying to you, who aro suoh a valued friend of my boy's, that Evelyn's choice has relieved my mind of a great weight. Thera waa n time when I feared that early associations might have biassed hor affootiona in a Icbb favorable direction, and it is] a great relief to mo that it has not proved to be so. A widow loft with but a poor provision for hor children line auro.it responsibility to oontnnd with; but, thank hoavon, my troabloa are nearly over, Kingeloy ie not only a wealthy yonng man, but tho eotil of gonoroeity i" Hor troubles noarly'oyer I many and many a time after did thoso worda of tho unhappy mother roour to my memory. It waa tho twenty second of Docerabor, only ono day intervened Jbctweon ue and Evelyn Pomborton'a wedding morn. At breakfast that morning thoro wae only tho i|uartotto, Mrs. Pemborton, Evelyn, Albert and myself; but both young Kingeley and Oorwyn put in an early appcacance, and plans wore formed to visit Kingeland and inepeot tho improve, rucnta tho young follow had effected in honor of hia bride. I exouaed myself from boing of tho party on tho sooro of my reoont illness and whon I had aeon them off I BtroHod up tho hill nt tho book (tho came whioh fivocd the window of my room,) and throwing myaclf on tho warm grass Ondor atroo, prepared to enjoy fi (Mrrjhr xisntt' vihiak fthard-workod D. must of all men appreaiato. ;..! was wondering if Evolyn Pomborton had been influenced by her mother to discard Edward Corwyn for thot uhnllow patud lad Kinsley, whon I happened to aec, shining amongflt tho graesjnoar tho olbow on whioh I was leaning a stud set in onyx. My eyos aro, as I said boforo, profueeionally sharp, and I reoognised it at onaouaono of a ect worn by Corwyn on tho previous evening. All at once it 11 ashed, upon mc that I wae under tho vory troo where I had vritncimod tho moonlight meeting, and that Corwyn'a must have been the tall male figure that had forruod one at tho appointment. Who oould havo been his companion, and for what purpose had a midnight interview taken place ? If for ft moment I doubted tho honor of MissPoraberton and boliovod jt pos uiblfi that ?ho had accorded a clandestine meeting to her discarded lovor, I rompmberod in the nuxt that the woman I had seen return to tho houso was short of figure and vulgar of face and could not possibly have been her. I waa going to put tho stud in my pocket deter mined to say nothing about it, but lot my discovery concerning it bo tho rcauli of ohanco, whon_ I saw tho very girl who had had tho midnight appointment coming from the house in tho direction of tho hill. An idea that Corwyn might have ruanagad an opportunity to inform the girl of his loxa niado mo drop tho stud in the groan again and riso from tho spot before she flew mo. I did not go far—l only dropped on tho grass behind a shady cluster of young ahe-oaka and watched tho girl. Thoro was no douht of it—aha was search ing for something, and at Inst fouud whatelio sought, and went back to hor housework with & light stop and, as aho fancied, unobserved. My knowledge now of tho fact that Corwyn was oapablo of a low intrigue with tho servant of the woman ho had onco loved damned him at onco in my estimation. Tho man that could do ho wae a low villain no matter how noble or gentlemanly tho appearance with whioh he decoivod a ahallow world ; when some hours after ho sat opposito to mo at dinner with tin; uubroken set of ony x studa on his person, it would not havo been prudent for mc to havo exproo?od nloud ruy sonlimente in connection with him. Tho following day—tho twenty.third—l had almost eutiroly to myself. Tho prospective bridegroom had been forbidden to put in an appearance again at Worrimona until tho marriags ceremony had been performed. Evelyn horeelf was, of couree, invisible, and Mrs. Pcmbortpn full of business in preparing for tho wedding breakfast and supervising hospitalities. 1 rambled about the hills most of tho day, with Albert's gun in niyposaeseion, though I wae not guilty of ranch bloodshed in confiequenoe of carrying it, and I shared ft scramble dinner with Porubertort and his mother as evening fell. Mrs. Pemberton was in high apirits, and so naturally .was my friend Albert, " I'm dead tired 1" tho latter cried " and I'll havo to turn in early if I'm tofaco tho ter rible ceremony to-morrow morning in ray best bib and tucker I" " Wo'H all havo to turn in, Oβ you call it, oarly ; there is plenty !o bo dono in tho morning and we must be up botiincs." " I wonder what Evelyn raeana to allow mo for this lot? By .lovo she han fine times of it hiding away in her own room whilo wo are slaving to death 1 Whatover is she doing, mator?" "My dear, a young lady on tho cvo of her marriage has many things to do. Sho has to pack for her trip to Sydney, and to arrange her wardrobe generally. And yon know Kvolyn has no maid, but Milly Werner han been bolping her all day." Milly Werner? was that tbo yonng damo that met Corwyn at midnight on thahill? if so a pretty, treaohor-, ous maid had Evelyn l'omborton ; or aftor' all was it a faithful confidant ? I f?lt very unlike sleep that night, and knowing the result of tumbling and toseing about on n sleepless bed for hours was likely to be, J determined not to go to bed at all until I had worn myeelf out. sitting up. It was about eleven o'clock when I came to this conclusion, and all tho house was in tho most pcrfcot stillness. '. I had taken a book in which I was interested into the drawing room early in tho day, and the idea that I should like to liuieli it took possession of mc, Believing that overy soul in tho houeo had retired, I took up my lamp, and making as little noise as I could, sought t drawing- room. The door wae ajar, and tho room in dark ness, eavenoar tho windows, through which a flood of moonlight was falling. I had taken possession of my book and was rotreating, be fore I noticed a fouiale figure standing in a window-receas with ono of tho drooping laco curtains caught and held back in her hand. At the first glance I know it was Evelyn, there was no mistaking that graceful yet majestic form. She must have heard my movements oven at tho moment I saw her, for she turned her face towards mo quickly with a frightenod air. Never can I forget that beautiful fuoo with tho whitenees of death on it, and almost tho shadows of death beneath the heavy eyes. Lot mo try and describe hor as I saw her thon, before tho terrible after events mado a horror of the memory, Sho wore a half-fitting wrapper of white cashmoro, with a heavy silken cord and tassels tied round her slender waiet and in loops at her left aide. Her golden brown hair was gathered back in wavy and glossy massoe, and fastened with a large comb bohind, beneath which loops and long tresses foil down carolos?ly on her ehouldere, Her email slender foot, as it pooped from under tho cashmere skirt, showed a white silken stocking and shoo of blaok satin; and that was all—there was not a bit of laoo at her fair neok or wrists, or a ring of gold on the pcrfcot fingers. "I hog your pardon Mies Pombcrton," I apologised, " I am afraid I havo startled you, Indeed I should not havo ventured from my room if I had not believed every soul in tho houso abed, 1 came for this book." "Do not apologise," sbo replied gently, "I have no business hero indeed, end mamma would bo very angry if sho know, but I wanted a—a last look." "Oh no, Miss Pemborton; though you leavo homo to-morrow it ie only for so short a time that you will not miss it out of your life at. Worrimona." " I do not know"—she returned as eho shook hor head Badly, " I feel a presentiment that when I leavo my mother's homo it will bo never to return to it again." " You are nervous my dear Mies Pemberton, and unsottled, when the sun shines on your wedding morniug you will forgot all this do preesion." " 1 hopo bo." Somehow I felt like lingering, though I woe quite awara that good taeto would have dodi oated my immediate retirement; but I had some excuse while thoso grand eyes lingered on aio with a sad aolomnity that etirred mc to the Houl. Impulsively I advanoed towards her and;put some of my feelinga into words. " Miss Pemberton. do not be angry with mo, I aak ydu io truet mc a lili!i? I ful *i \i jherc was something troubling you greatly—ie there anything in the whole world I can do for you?" " There ia no ono without troublo, not evon j a yonng girl liko mo," sho answered steadily, " but my trouble, if I have ono, is ono of ray own making, and no ono onn help mc. Thank you oil tho eamo, door Mr. Sinclair, some day perhaps——" " Somo day?" I repeated as ahopaii?od. " I hardly know what 1 was going to ex press. Evor einoo I lookod firnt into your faco I have felt as if thoro wan conic strange, solemn tio between us, as if ono day in)- lite, my honor or my good namo would Ho in your hands A queer fooling !h it not? but I was alway ft etrango, dreamy. girl and nevor thought I would be a long liver." "?(tod forbid that there should bo eny foundation for such team I". I cried oarnoetly " bat if over you place a truet in my hands I j will redeem it faithfully or riiol" I ] " Thank you truly. And now lot it be : farowoll—l ehall not havo ? moment to epoalc to you again." Hho put her hand in mino aa I murmured n" God bleos and mako you happy," and sho left there whilo sho repoated tho " Farowoll," that rang in my ears for many n long day alter; and bo I went baok to my chambor leaving her, atill by tho window, with tho moonlight Btrcaming on her pale face and white-robed figure. My book wan after all of no valno on that night—the last that uhoulrt fall on peaootul Werrimona with a shadow of content. It was far on in tho email bourn ere I undressed, and ; then it was to lie and wonder at tho sorrow of tho beautiful daughter of tho house, tho brido ! o! to-morrow. . I slept heavily at Inst, to be aroused by nomcono trying the handle of my door as if to gain ontrancn without Unooking. Seeing that tho sun was chining brightly I bounded from my bod, throwoneomogarmentsand unlookod tho door~tho first glanco of Mrs. Pembcrton'e white, frightened face wae enough to show inn that something had happened, " Oh for the love of (tod come and help mv Mr. Sinclair!" eho whispered tremblingly, " Kvelyn has gone : oh tell mo, tell mo wliat I am to do 1" " Oono; what do yon mean ?" "Let mo in, I don't want to lot anyono know—yet, I went to her room early, so as to get Evelyn up and ready in timo, and I found that her bed had never been alept in ! I havo flcarched in tho house and garden—every wherol but I oannot find her; oh God I what Bhalll do?" " Has eho taken anything with her? made any preparations for a journey I moan?" " Not that I can ace--her wraps at all events aro in her wardrobe." " Let us go to tho room, and bo as calm as you can my dear lady—if Miss Pomborton is loat wo will find her, bo assured." The poor woman led mo almost blindly to tho ohamber of the lost bride, tears of terror and agony rolling over.hor blanched cheeks. It was a now experience to mo, and a pitiful ono, this entrance to a girl's chamber whoro nit preparations had boon madq for hor happy I bridal morn. I There woro two beds in tho apartment and 'both wero hung in pnrc whites laco looped ! with palo blue Milk. On tho snowy couuter | pano of ono of theHO tho bridal garments wero J spread daintily—a trailing robe of white silk i almost oovered with rich lace, tho bridal wreath, tho bridal veil. All the little acces- I sorice to a perfect toilet lay in order, the i nilkon hose, the white satin boots, tho long i whito gloves, tho golden and jewelled bomiuot | holder that had been n gift from tho brido i groom. Tho ghostly attiro had, under tho [ oircumatanccH, a weird look—it was as if a [ doad brido had slipped from hor wedding gar i monte and left them to Ho tbci-o in her form. I caw tho mother's hands clasped in pitiful woe as uho glanced at thorn, while 1 made my own observations on the state of things. It was ac poor Mrs, Pemborton had said, not an article of outdoor attire was missing j from Evolyn'e wardrobe, and tho bed was : smooth and undisturbed from tho hands of J tho chambermaid. I'rom what I saw I came to tho conclusion that Kvelyn had not visited her room aftor my meeting with hor tho previous night—l was almost cortain of this, ecoing that hor little watch hung on its stand upon hor dainty toilot.and that it had stopped at twelve o'olook—if tho girl had returned After that hour ebo would havo wound it. I said nothing of the meeting I had had in the drawing-room, but I asked the mother if she had any reason to suppose that Miss Pombor ton did not intend to fulfil hor engagement to Mr. Kingsloy ? " Oh no 1" sho cried ! on tho contrary, sha gave mo her sacred word last night era I left her hero that she would not fail 1 " Was a sacrod promise necessary then ,'" I asked sharply," has it been neoossary to re mind your daughter oi a vow on tho eve of an unwelcome allianco? Mrs, Peinbcrton, you know I em a detootive, if you wish mc to help you in this matter it is necessary for you to put entire confidence in me—to toll mc tho whole truth." " There in nothing to tell!" she almost shrieked " my child! my child 1" I began to feel angry with the woman who it yearned to mo must hava coerced her daugh ter into a wealthy engagement; I felt loss I inolinco to spate her, and related what had passed botween Kvelyn and mysolf. " There was Rome weight on her heart," I said, "and Homo terriblo presentiment oppres sing her—can you explain it Mrs. Pomborton?" ??Nol" eho cried wildly, " I can explain nothing, only that my ohild has left mc for over 1 my Evelyn I my Evelyn !" Her shrieks had aroused tho household, und Albert wan in tho room with thoearvant Milly Wernor. I glanced into thofjirl's faco sharply and saw that sho quailed under my eye. I drew hor aaido whilo Albert httard tho sad truth from his distracted mother, and ques tioned her. " Were you awara that Miss Pomberton had loft tho house?" "Mo sir I how should I know of such a thing ? I am not evon Misa Pomberton's maid?" " You havo not answered my question—did you know that Miss Pemborton had left the J bouse, or hod any intention of leaving it last night?" "No 1" sho answored brazenly" I know nothing about it I" " I might find a way to rofresh your memory," I said sharply. " Have you been carrying any messages between Mr. Corwyn and your young mistress lately ?" "No I havo'nt" sho cried as her faoo burnod orirason. " Your communications with that gentleman were entirely on your own account then?" Sho grow palo as suddenly as sho had flushed, bat answered after a moment's hesitation, i " Yes, entirely on my own account 1" j " Tako caro—l may mako you prove that boforo you aro many hours older." j I beard some ejaculation liko " impidenoo 1" ' as I turned and took Albert from tho room, leaving tho hysterical mother in tho hands of the servants. Together tho anxiou? young fellow and I Bearched overywbero in hope of discovering any traces of his sister. Thcra was no use in trying to hide from tbo household what had happened in tho faoo of Mrs. Pomberton's outcries, and overy eorvant eavo If illy Wernor was helping in a search that proved to bo vain. When I saw how usoloss it was, it was nearly nino o'clock. " Wβ may dooido that there will bo no wodding to day I'm afraid Albert," I said, whilo wo partook of a hasty meal. "It will bo better for you to rido over for Kingsloy, and sond messengers to all tho invited guests that tho wedding is postponod—your mother's suddun illnes? will bo a suilioiont exouse." "Sinclair?" ho returned lookiDg at mo with a great seriousness in his young face," this matter will bo the ruin of poor Evolyn—do you think it possible that she has run away ! with Corwyn?" j " I don't think it all likely, since eho has j gono apparently in her wrapper and slippers, but I am going over to ask him tho question now." : : "You I" "I myself—you eeora to have forgotten that Intn a dotcotivo, Pomborton, who conld mere fittingly inquiro into nucha business?" " Oh, hcftvoiiH,. that you eho'uld sneak sol what awful thing do you suspect that you should roour to jour profowion now V "Bβ a man I'eraberton. Ucnir-mber ho* much ia on your aliouldere nt thin moment since you nro tho representative of a holnioJ mother. Go, and do as 18aid-I will eco you on my roturn," J ' I wont to the Biablca, and after havinc sad dlod a horse for inynolf, rodo on my errand to - thn house of Edward Corwyn. I knew where to go, lor the chimneys of his farmhouse* were visible from some of iho win dowe at Wetrimonft and had lioeii pointed out to mc. I rode rapidly, and coon reached the snug looking homeutoad amoagst tho tro'ei that wns called Corwyndalo. It looking liko tho houso of a thriving man, but had around it none of the elegance of wealth. It wee a plain, shingled verandah I roduup to, and tho door, without knocker or bell, stood wide open to thn morning tmn. I ltnookod loudly with ray whip, and soon a ' comfortable looking dama who looked like on upper servant mado her appenranee. In reply to my wieh to ?co her master, she told mo he was droesing for Miss I'emberton's wedding i but on my Bending a tnesi-ago that my bust' noHB waa urgent, I wiie shown into nn unnre ! tonding parlor. Where in a tow momenta I } was joinod by Edward Corwyn. Ho was most perfectly dressed, with the exception of ; the glossy frock coat ho carried in hia hand and no man could duny thut a finer looking follow it would bo hard to produce in any land. 3 " Mr. Sinclair I" he oried in surprise as he extended his hand, ?'yon are not the Icea welcome, that I was fur from expecting you, I pray yon to exouso my incomplete toilet— the wedding you know ; but, had it not been for a lost Html I boliovo I should have been half way to Werrimona by thia." A lost stud! 1 looked nt tho broad, glossy jmmaoulato Bhirt, and saw indeed thni tbero wae one atud misaiog.and from the aaine onyx sot too I I did not tnko tho hand which ho doubtless fanoiod I did not mw, and he wont on smi. lingly, " I'm not rioh enough to havo a second sot Sinclair, and I'm very unlucky with this one! Only yesterday I recovered ono of the etude I had lost the previous day, and now it iagone again—something is the matter with the oatoh. Well, Mra. Kingsloy, that ia to be, will not observe its absence." " No," I repented "ehe will not olwerve its I absonee." i Something in my torn! perhaps, or in my oyee thut wcro steadily fixed upon him. seemed to affect him—ho grow pale down to the very lips under hia military looking moustache. j "You look strange, Mr. Sinclair," hoeaid, i " is anything wrong." j " I camo to ask you tt:.it question Mr. Cor wyn. Miss Pembcrton in, iiwappeared from Wcrriraonn, and no trace of her can he dis covered. Can you toll mc where she is ?'' " I ? do you mean to insult mo sir? Wbat should /know of Miss I , v , iion'a disap pearance ?,' " I understand that nt.ono time you would have been the moat likely of all persons to know of Misa .I'embcrton'iMiiovciiienta." " Aye, at ?/?? timui'ho eaid with bitter em phasis," tho time when Evelyn I'emberton wae ! my betrothed wifo, and had not been tempted j by a weak mother, and nnother man's gold! But thm timo has passed sir, and thank God I havo forgotten it!" Flo did not look aa if he had forgotten it, etanding there with his humisclenched and hia j eyes Blazing—ho did not look &a; if he would j over forget it should his term ot life extend a I hundred years ! I " I don't know who has boon kind enough to toll you ot my foils , ! " he went on, " but ha hot) not told it we.il, or you would better have judged tho man you come to ank fortid inge of Miss I'oatberton. Edwurd Corwya is not tho weak minded fool to be once dis carded and lured back to his alleginnce by & eoft look. If tbcro was not another woman in tho wholo world and Kvelyn Pcmberton j knelt to mo to make her my wife I would spurn i her as I do that hound ! " I It was impossible to doubt the man's feel. j inge ac he stood there, his dark hnndeomeface j distorted with terrible passion. An ho epurned j with his foot the dog that had come into the room with a morning welcome for his master in his faithful eyes, the passion of a liond w>9 clenched in Corwyn'h hands and flashing red in hie awful ga;-.0. j I turned towards the door, but ho placed i himsolf before mo and spoko in a meaning J tone. i " Stop if you please. I may surely oipect i to ba told by what right you take upon your ! BoJf tho right to search for Miss Kvi'lyu I'cm j borton ? Are yon then, without my being ? awaro of it, some clone connection of the i family ? Purely you will favour mc with a : littlo information on the, to mo, at present ? dubious point? " i " My name U Mark Sinclair," I said ac I I looked him steadily in the face, " and ' 1 uin Senior Detective in the Metropolitan I Force of Detectives. Iβ there any other in ! formation you would like mo to supply you ! with ? " ! His fnco grow palo as I answered bin), but ; ho laughed mockingly and bowed. i " I was not awaro that I had a visitor of I such importance. .Ik nri?> Mr. Sinclair. : As soon bb I can change my dross I will rule i over to Werrimona and hoc it I can bo ol suj eervioo to Mra. Pomberton." I Aβ fully oonvincod that Corwyn knew some i riling of the girl's disappearance S3 that I 1 breathed I returned to Werrimona. I was at a loss what to do, ac thero;was not a mogis trate within many mile*, and I could prove nothing against Corwyn that would excuse my arresting him without a worrnnt. 000 thing I could however do—l could try to frighten Milly Werner into a confession of complicity flinool had myselt seen her in con- Eultatioii with tho man I suspected. . Ono may imagino tho state of the home hold on my return. Mra. X'opibeiton baa broken down utterly, and a medical mnn had been sent for. Young Kinsley bad arrived, and was roaming about tho bouse in * "''P' less, limp way, looking, I suppose, forninloa brido in corners that had been searched* dozen times before. The men who haa wen despatched to maka enquiries in the neigh bourhood had returned with young Fembcr- , ton, and no discovery had been made. My first inquiry was for the girl Weruer ahe was in her own room. I walked straight to it when it had been pointed out to me it was a littlo attio chamber-and knoosea sharply at tho door. There was some enui , flinn insido, and then the girl opened the door. I pushed her back, wentin.andlortw the door behind mc. . ~ At first Bho attempted b littlo -, but she had not timo to indulge in much ere I had my handcuffs clasped on her wrists. ? is Ewondorfal what an effect the touch .tt. that kind of cold steel has on ?.coward, rt? waa instantly silent, though with her ?w? Hps in a determined rigidity over her snatp ''"Now." I said, ?? will you tell> ?"W and Corwyn have done with Misa Verne* to ? No I won't! " >bo hissed, " who ate yea to dare?" ~ j. sr i '< Oh there is no daring übout it m> ??' lam simply a detective in purs".t J??? duty. " You i/'i>?7 tell mc, eh ?it isn ''" ""^?can't! I kno, nothing {-*£ how can I tell you what I don't know W off these things I take them off I sey, or screeoh and alarm iho house? J ?'Screeoh away my bcauty-I \e a t?b yt ; about mo somewhere. Oh I ,oi. ?? ? ins up when I interrupted you, en t)?? going to make a bolt of it wcro you ? MrJ ; I >vas going to lei?ve-y?. '?' j if j( Pemberton I was. and why shouldn t "^Because/don't like my dear. Sow.?- , you going to toll mc whore Miss Pemherton ia?" ; " I don't know.l I deolaie to God I don't know I" ? " Not whore eho is now perhaps, but yyn oan toll a good bit that will help Uβ to find her. What bad Corwyn to any to you that night you mot him on the bill, and what did he givo when you returned him the sl.ud ho had loHt? Coino now, it will be bettor for you to. make a clean breaat of it." " I won't I, Bee thiit now ! you may kill mo and I won't 1 Since you know ho much, go and ask Mr. Corwyn himself—you'll know nothing from mc!" " Very woll, until you change your mind you will romnin v priaonev in this room. I you Jirvu not coino to your Henses by to-raor row morning I'll oart you in to AVorritnonn look-up." While I hud been speaking I had been ex amining the little window—it wan impossible to escape from it. I took the key out of the door and she mnda a rush to try and escape Hβ I opened it. " Let mo hoar one bit of noiee nnd I'll gag you," I said aalpuehedhorbaok. " I'll bring you Borne prison rations towards evening, and if you have ootnn to your seneca I'll hoar what you have to coy." But she eaid nothing. When 1 returned at night she was flitting on hor bed with a aul len, determined look on her dark faoo, and would not oven reply to mo when I addressed her." " You have been well bribed my lady," 1 thought, " but the sight of tho policemen I'll glveyou in charge to-raorrow will muy be looaen your tongue." I whb woaried out, body and mind, and waa asleep almost as soon as I waa in bed, and I must have dreamed almost iih uoon as I slept. Jt seemed to mc that I saw Evelyn again, as 1 saw her on the previous night in her trailing white dress ; but the hair among which the moonbeams had rested was hanging down aluiO?t to her waist, tangled and dishevelled. In the great eyes, too, thers noemod an awful glaeay etaro, and the white hands seeraei stretched out ontroatingly towards mc I ; I etrugglod myself awake aa il fcom n night* Tuara, and tor a seuond of time after I opened tny eyes I scorned to see the shadowy outline! of a form between mo and the window. 1 sal up in bed to satisfy myself that there was nothing but space whore I had imagined that shape. I " [ shall have a relapse if my brain does not . ( get a restt" I thought aa I resolutely turned j my face to the wall and shut my eyen. Juet then I heard tho dock in tho hall strike twelve—it was Christmas morning, almost tho came hour in which last night Evelyn had said to mo her last" Farewell ? ' In a few momonts I slept again, and again I dreamed, but this time my droiim had some new features, and was peculiarly vivid. I saw Evelyn gazing at mo reproaohfully, and I re called my promise as though she had then re peated it with her shadowy lips. " If ever you place a trust in mc I will redeem it faithfully or die; " that was my promise—had she come toolairait? In my dream I gazed at tho misty form anfl mot tho awful and glasay eyes. .Sho scorned to stand near a window ac sho had done last might in the drawing-room, but this window was smaller, had broken panes and tangled foliage waving long sprays outside it. Inside too the woodwork looked old and broken and out of tho perpendicular, and tho floor upon whioh uho seemed to stand was broken and dieoolored. This time when I awoke in a shudder I bounded from my bed and dreased myself—l oould no more have lain still after that re coated dream than if I had Been Evelyn in 4ha flesh and she had called mo to avenge hor, "That she had met with foul play I was con -vinced, and I went softly to Albert's room and awoko him—it was not hard to do, he started up fearing come fresh trouble awaiting him. \- "Albert ?" I asked, " is there anywhoro in this neighborhood an old, uninhabited house, -with broken windows and wild creeping -{plants growing around them '?" " Yo.s, Colonel Huesoy'H old house," he answered, " why do you ask?" "How far is it from this ?" " Under a mile." " (Jet up and dress yourself my friend, you j and I must go to that old house within tho hour," and as he was dressing I told the poor fellow of my dream and all I feared that Oorwyn had done. " You must bo bravo to meet tho woret, lad," I said, " it wouH kill your mother to tell her the truth if it is as bad as I fear." Wo had provided ourselves with oandlcs and matches, and easily made our way into the fast decaying timber house. I went straight toward the room that had the broken panes— tho white-faced trombling youth following mc closely. A single look at the window Hhowed i mo tho counterpart of what I had seen in my ] dream, only that there was not even tho j shadow of lost Evelyn to remind mc of my i promise. Holding a candle in my hand I ! looked round tho room, and then low on the j broken Uoor for traces of feet or marks to | prove my fears not unfounded. I discovered I :them; on the very spot where Evelyn had ! seemod to stand Corwyn's for tho second time, lost stud was lying and there wero spots of blood where it lay t Without a singlo hope now we searched the ihouea vainly, until I discovered some loose ioarde in the flooring of a small baok appart ?aent in which the roof had given way and ipartially fallen in ; tho boards were lifted, and ?there lay tho form of Evelyn I'embErton with some folds of hor etained robe covering her ?iftgd faco .' When the first burst of the poor toother's horrified sorrow waa past wo lifted the (sir form, carried into tho best of the looms and laid it decently on a table thnt (happened to bo there, wo could do no more <until we procured meane and assistance. We were returning in awful silonoo, leaving the ?victim of revonge alone in tho ruined house ! behind us, when the loud neighing of a horee in the hush not far away attracted my atten tion. Itwas a strange neigh, half eijueal, as if the animal was in pain, and wo turned onr faorises in the direotion of tho sound. Wβ found a bay horse entangled by the bridlo in some aiorub, with a broken saddle besido him near a log. , "Thi? ioCorwyn's horse 1" . oried Albert, ac he dismounted and released tho horse, who took advantage of his liberty to scour .through the brush homeward ; nor did wo trouble to follow him, for his master was lying against tho log in a crushed heap, evidently breathing his last. I stooped and raised his heavy head to my face, and as I did so ho openod his oyes, fixed them on my face and knew mc. " I've had my revenge you see, and all ia ?well I" ho murmured, " nhr will play-no man falee again 1"_ and he was dead—almost with a smilo on his murderous lips I The Btory of my dream is told—let the faith less maid Werner.;drop out of it like the worth ies thing sho was. I suppose I must do hor ibe justioe to beliovo that when she persuaded Evelyn to grant Corwyn that last meeting, ahe t?vor dreamed of murder. Wo had un fortunately no hold on her, so she went free land out of my sight for ever. My friend Albert is master of Wcrriinona mow, and has a family of fair ohildrent grow ing up around him. The eldest ho has named "? Evelyn," in memory of his lost slstor, and Hometimeu I fancy tho girl has a look in hor ?reat dreamy eyes of tho murdered bride. Charley Kingaley did not break hie heart, though ho grieved long for Evelyn's terrible loss, new thorn are happy children also at Kingeland that bear his name. Mrs. Peiuberton is dead. If she felt remorso for inlluencing her daughter to doooivo the man she loved, and accept ono she could m>l love for the sako of his wealth, she never said co, but carried tho searet of hor sin with her to the grave. Excitement, rightly directed, furnishes healthy motive-power to curry humanity l'..r ward. Without e.vcitenu-nt'we shonlci be n dull, phlegmatic, uninteresting, unprofitable people. 