SUPERNATURAL MUSIC. Darby, in Delaware county, just on the borders of Philadelphia, has, the New York Times says, a sensation. The village lock-up is haunted by queer-looking spectres, and the excitement caused by the Sharpless murder has given way to the discovery made by Policeman Carroll, who went to the village lock-up the other night and was almost paralysed at the apparition he saw in the second story of the dungeon keep. It was in the shape of a ghastly old man, who was playing on a flute belonging to the Darby Flute and Drum Corps, which up to the night of this discovery had made night hideous in the second story of Darby's little gaol. The discovery of ghosts in the lock-up has had the effect of causing villagers to keep indoors at night, and those who venture out after dark go about well armed. Policeman Carroll is the solitary officer who constitutes the force of Darby. He stalks the lonely roads and lanes at night. He is the chief of police, lieutenant, sergeant, and patrolman of the Darby police. As he said, he is the whole Darby police force. He also said :— ' I don't believe in ghosts nor in signs or dreams, but about 11 o'clock the other night I was walking up New-street thinking about the Sharpless murder, and on the look- out for long-nosed negroes. After I put out the light at Ridge- avenue I walked over to the lock-up. The night was dark. When I got to the lock-up I heard somebody playing on a flute. The flute and drum corps I knew were not practising, and I couldn't account for the music. It was music, too. 'Climbing up the 'Golden Stairs' was the tune. I knew the flute and drum corps couldn't play that, and I began to shiver. I braced up, and drawing my club with one hand and my re- volver with the other mounted the stairs leading to the band-room over the lock- up. I first peeped through the keyhole, and there, sitting on the big drum, I saw a little old man with funny big eyes and a great big mouth, and crooked legs, playing on a flute. I never heard such music. You could go hun- gry for a week to hear such music. The longer I looked at the queer-looking man the bigger his eyes got. Suddenly I fell against the door and made a noise. The music stopped, and when I looked through the keyhole again he (the man)had vanished. I've heard the flute every night since, but I stay down the street and listen to it. It's the greatest mystery I ever knew of." The Darby Flute and Drum Corps have not visited their practising room since the night of policeman Carroll's discovery. the policeman is known throughout Darby as a sober, conscientious man; and the story of the spook in the village lock-up is generally believed from one end of Darby to the other. Harry Jamison said that other spooks have been seen in Darby within a week. Jamison is a milkman, and declares that a figure wrapped in white stopped his horse the other night on the Darby road. When Jamison got out of his waggon with a club the figure vanished. 