Noble's Mission. Anoteee large audience assembled ic the ^Exhibition Building to hear the fourth of Mr Noble's series of lectures, entitled ' The true refoim.' Tho.Uuited Blue Eibbou and Evan gelical choir again added their valuable aid to tho harmony of the proceedings. Ono of Bc.nkfcy'p songs having beoa sung, tho R':y Mr. Welch led in prayer, uftor which Mr r M-J.ean agiiu officiated as jvcccntor in reading tne custimaty announcements ot Mr. Ki bio's movements iu thia city. Th» chair man, Mr. 8. Grimes M ti.A., briefly iutro Sliced the lecturer, who was cordially received. Mr. Koblo said ho was not in tho habit, aa a rule, of quoting statistic!, because it wai no i:eo doing s», uuless you wero euro of y.iur facts. All had been said on tho temperance movement that could ba said Ho wan in the habit of observing, aud ho eudeavourod to giro the result of suoh observa tions. Some of tho men wt o had ttepped into tho breach of the total ubstinence movement, and had borad and bored for the spring of temperanco wero living to-day comparatively obscure. Ho montionod this to show that tho groat and good men of tho present day were little known by their con temporaries, but they will know them in yoatg to come. As an illustration of the fearful tmount of drinking going on iu London ho quote d the following statistics : There entered in a 00 liquor shops in London, bstween the hours of !) o'clock and 12 o'elookon a Saturday 1115.11, u-eno, uuumuii, nuumi. ou, lot wumeil, buu 17,000 children, altogether over 82,000 persons. /-,kLin Mr. Noble ejuoted the statistics given him by a manager of a wins merohantVeit.b lifhment. On looking over tho books of the firm, tho manager veferr.d to found that that ? firm alone supplied 38 hospitals, 10 work houses, 5 orphanages, 450 publio-kou«s and hotels, 27 pafienger steamers, 11 vestrias iu different porithta, 370 olergjiwn and miniateri of different denoatinatioas, 1 archbi.ihops, 3 bifliops, 60 capUiua of tho army and navy, 17 justices cf the peace, ind 5 members cf Parlia zm nt. Theto statistic! wero given to (how that CLrialian men and officers of tho ohurch wero amcng those who encouraged and 'assiaUd in maintaining tho liquor tratlio. Ho denounced Christian people having anything to do with diiuk, even to the extent of drawing rcnti from hotels. Referring to a visit to tho notorious Engliih hangman, Marwood, Mr. Noble Baid ho had interviewed many celobrat.d men, and had travelled hundreds of milos to see th. colonies from personal observations. Ko did not, liko somo great mon, g- to garden X'''tieB and drink champagne, and then go homo and write a book on tho colonies under tho influence of champagne. Ho gave somo amusing instanoes of tho ovil influence of over eating, ana eaia tno man who iU-uBed hts body by over-eatiDg committed aB groat a ain aa any other sin The body was tho templo of the Holy Ghost, and ought to bo uiod as suoh. Very often a man took mora care of his horse than of his body. Mr. Noble moved the audience to convulsive fits of laughter by sketching a sea trip in the yacht Vio toria at Margato, England. He imit 'ted tho symptoms of Eicknem with exceedingly olever dramatio effect. In that son trip liquor was ustd as usual to sara soa sioknass, but with the customary success. He ohallengad any ono to prove that drinking brandy, or any othor intoxicating liquor, oould pro font soa sickness. A description of a visit ti Jnrry Macauldy's (tliH oonvertad thief) mUston iu Wall street, Now York, with Mr. J B. Gough, was b pathetically told as was tho story of his con version at a mid-day prayor meeting in Lon don. Mr. Neible lcotutos to-night in tho Town Ha:l, on ' Women's iniluonoo.' 