HE FEU ir LOVE WITH HISWIFE. Bi the Rev. E. P. RB (Author O 'Prom Jest to EareesV j Cg 4 Chestnut Burr,' An Original Belle, Esc ) Chapteb II. —A Yeby Iktebestkd Fbiezb. For the next few days Hoicroft lived sione. The weather remained inclement, and there was no occasion for him to go away than the bam and outbuildings. He felt a erisie in his life was approaching, that ne would probably be compelled to sell his property for what it would bring, and begin life again under different auspices. I must either- sell or marry/ he groaned, and one's about as hard and bad as tae other. Who'll boy the place and stock at half what they're worth, and where could I find a woman that would look at an old fellow like me, even if I could bring myself to look at her V ... The poor man did indeed feel that he was Ebut up to dreadful alternaUves. With his ignorance of the world and dislike for contact with stracgere, selling out and going away was virtually starting out oa an unknown sea without rudder or compass. It was worae than that— it was tbe tearing up of a life that had rooted iteelf in the soil whereon _fce had been content from childhood to middle age. He would Euffer more in going and in the memory of what he had parted with than iu any of the vicissitudes which might over take him. He had not much range of imagination, hat within feis limitations h:s emotions were siroDg and his convictions unwavering. Still, he thought It might be p&sdbie; to live in seme vsgue, unkcown place, doing some kind of work for people with whom be need not have very much to do. I've always been my own msstsr, and done things in my own way,' be muttered, 'but I suppose I could farm it to suit some old, quiet people, if I could only find 'em. Oae thing is certain, anyhow, — I couldn't stay here in Oafeville, and see another man living in these rooms, and ploughing my fields, a d driving his cows to my old pasture lots. That would finish me like a galloping cor sumption.' Every day he shrank with a strange dread from the wrench of parting with the familiar place and with all that he associated with his wife. This was really the ordesi which shook his eouI, and not tbe fear that he would be unable to earn his bread elsewhere. The unstable multitude who are forever fancying that they would be better off some j where else or at something else oan have no | comprehension of this deep-rooted love of j locality and the binding power of long as- sociation. They regard soeb men as I Holcrofi as little better than plodding oxen. The highest tribute which some people ean 1 pay to a man, bbwever, is to show that tbfey do sot and cannot understand him. But the farmer was quite indifferent whether he was understood or not. He gave no thought to what people said or might say. What were people to him! He only bad a hunted, pathetic sense of being hedged in and driven to bay. Even to his neighbours there wse more of the humorous than the tragic in his plight. It was Supposed ihat he had a goodly sum in the bank, and gossips said that he and his wife thought more o! in creasing this hoard than of each other, and that old Holcroft's mourning was chiefly for a business partner. His domestic tribula tions evoked mirth rather than sympathy; and as the news spread from farmhouse to cottage of his summary bundling of Bridget and her satellites out of doors, there were both hilarity and satisfaction. While there wae little commiseration for the farmer, there was decided disapprobation of the dishonest Irish tribe, and all were glad that the gang bad received a lesson which might restrain them from preying upc-u others. Holcroft was partly to blame for his pre, sent isolation. Remote rural populations ere given to strong prejudices, especially againet those who are thought to be well-off frcm au over saving spirit, and who, wcree still, are unsocial. Almost anything will be forgiven secner than 'thinking one's- self better than other folks and that is the usual interpretation or sny, reticent peopie. Bat there had been a decided tinge of selfishness in the Holcrofts' habit of seclusion ; for it became a habit rather than principle. While they cherished no active dislike to their neighbours, or sense of superiority, these were not wholly astfay In believing that they had little place in the thoughts or interests of tbe oocupants of the bill farm. Indifference begat indifference, and now the lonely, hopeless man had neither the power nor the disposition to bridge the chasm which separated him from those who might have given him kindly and ictriiigent aid. He was making a pathetic effort to keep his home and to prevent hie heart from feeing torn bleeding away from all it loved. His neighbours thought that be was merely exerting himself to keep the dollars which it h&d; been the supreme motive of his life to accumulate. Giving no thought to the opinions of others, Holcroft only knew that he was in sore straits,— that ail which made his existence a blessing was at stake. At times, during these lonely and et&fmy; March days, be would dismiss his anxious a peculations in regard to his future coarse. He was so morbid, especially at nigbt, that he felt that his wife could revisit the quiet house. Ha cherished the hope that she could see him and hear what he said, and be spoke in her viewless presence with a freedom and fulness that was unlike his old reticence and bhbit of repression. He wondered that he had not said more endear ing words and given her strouger assurance of how much she was to him. Late at night he would start out of a long reverie, take & caudle, and, going through the house, would touch what she had touched, and look long and fixedly at things associated with her. Her gowns Btill hung iu the closet, just as she ba3 left them; be would take them out and recall the well-remembered scenes and ' occasions when they were worn. At such iim?s she almost seemed fcesies him, and h1"- bad a consciousness of companionship v!- 6G:Thsd his perturbed spirit. Hi felt that s; o appreciated each loving remembrance, 1 though unable lb express her approval. He did not know it, but ha uY three softened, drepened Z b%\ deep and unwEmted exptoi ftWay I er oliara problems of his Ufe would retara.th hard, practical mfistenoe and he kW he mart decide ripon fSgt bad His lonely vigils and days of quiet nau brought him to the conclusion thai be coui J not hunt up a wife as a matter f huswe; He would rather face the ever-angy than breathe the subject of anv woman that be could himself marrying. He was reeremve drifting towards the everything and g®8 sailor with no I however, was a coral reef to a sailor, wii Feed in "view beyond .it. The only tong which seemed certain was the general i breaking up of all that bad hitherto msaej hlT offer of help came from an j peeled source. One raornmg j received a all bom . .D=iehbur ®h never before shown any interest ishis affairs. OzthU occasion. ho«v«, Mr. fegsn to display so much solicitude that the farmer was not only surprised, bat also a little distrustful. Nothing in his previous knowledge of tbe man had prepared the way for such very kindly intervention. After some general reference to the past, Mr. Weeks continued, I've been saying to our folks that it was too bad to let you worry on alone without more neighbourly help 1 You ought either to get married | gome thoroughly respectable and weu-kcowa I middle-aged woman keep bouse for you. | That would etop all talk, and there's been a ; heap of it, I can tell you. Of course, I and | my folks don't believe anything & been, | wrong.' « B-Ifeving that semetfeieg was wrong, is j about all the attention my neighbours have ' given me, as far .as I can see,' Moicrolt j remarked, bitterly. 'Well, you see, Holcroft, yea ve kept ; yourself so inside your shell that people qou £ ; know what to believe. Now, the thing tc ! do is to change all that. I know how hard sit is fox a man, placed as you be, to get I decFirt help. My wife was a wondering i about it tbe other day, and I shut her up i mighty sudden by saying, « You're a good manager, and know ail the eccutry side, yet \ hew cften you're a complaining that you | css't get a girl that's worth her e< to help in nayicg and cjaer cosy simes wum wc have to board a Ipt of men," Well, I won't I beat around the bush any more. I've came to act foe part of a good neighbour. There's do uce of you're frying to get alcng with such bap-hazard help as you can pick up here ard iu town. You want a respectable woman fcr housekeeper, and then have a j cheap, common sort of girl to work under j her. Now, I know of just sash s woman, and it's not unlikely she'd be persuaded to ' take entire charge of your house and dairy. : My wife's eouEin, Mrs. Mumpson' — At the mention of this name, Holcroft gave a slight start, feeling something like a cold chill run down his back. Mr. Weeks was a little disconcerted, but resumed, I believe she called on your wife once !f Yes,' the farmer replied, laconically. ' I was away and did not see her.' Well, now,' pursued Mr. Weeks, she's a good soul. She has little peculiarities ; so have you and me, a lot of 'em ; but she's thoroughly respectable, and there isn't a man or woman in tbe town that would think of saying a word against her. She has only one t child, a nice, quiet little girl, who'd be com pany for her mother and make everything ; lock right, you know.' | 'I don't ees what there's been to lock | wrong,' growled the fanner. | ' Koihing to me and my folks, of course, or 1 1 wouldn't auggest the idea of a relation of my wife coming to live with you. Bat you | see pecpls will talk unless you stop their i mouths so they'll feel like fools in doin. it. i I know yours has been a mighty awkward | ease, and here's a plain way out cf it. Yen l can eet yourself right acd have everything 1 looked after as it ought to be, in twenty-four nours. we've calsed toUyntby — to&t; s Mrs. Mumpson — and she takes a sight of interest. She'd do well by you and straighten thirgs oat, and you might do a plagusy sight worse then give her the right to take care of your indoor affairs for life.' CI don't expect to marry again/ said Holcroft, curtly. ' Ob, well, many a man and woman has said that, acd believed it, too, at the time. I'm not saying that my wife's cousin is inclined that way herself. Like enough, ehe isn't at all, bus then, the right kind of persuadicg does change woman's minds sometimes, eh ? Mrs. Mnmpson is kinder alone iu the world, like yourself, and if ehe was sure of a good home and a kind husband there's no telling what good lack mght happen to you. Bat they'll bs plenty of time for considering all that on both sides. You can't live like a hermit' — I was thinking of selling out and leaving these parts,' Holcroft interrupted. « Now look here, neighbour, you know as well as I do that in these times yon couldn't giv e away the place. What's the use of such foolishness ! The thing to do is to keep the farm acd get a good living out of it. You've got dawn in the dumps and can't see what's sensible and to your own advantage/ Holcroft was thinking deeply, and he turned his eyes wistfully to the upland elopes of his farm. Mr- Weeks had talked plausibly and if all had been as he represented, the plan would not have been a bad one. But the widower did not "yearn fcr tha widow. He did not know much about her, hut had very unfavourable impressions. Mre. Hol croft had not been given to speaking IU of anyone, but she had always shaken her head with a peculiar significance when Mrs Mump sou's name was mentioned. The widow had felt it her duty to call and acucsel against the sin of seclusion and hring | too much absorbed in the affairs of this | world. I You should take au interest In everyone this self- appointed evangelist had declared, ini in one reuse she lived uo to ber ereea She permitted no scrap of infTrca&rion; about people to escape her, and &o;« oafy vere«d goreip <>f OakviUe, hut also of Iran! other localities in whioh she visited. But Holcroft had little else to deter him from employing her eervteee gmd an unfavourable impression. She eould not be so bad as Bridget Malony, and he was almost willing to employ her again tor the privilege of remaining on hie paternal acres. As to mMrning the widow-a eJigbt shudder named through his frame at the thought, tovlybe began, as if almost thinking aloud, 1 suppose you are right, Lemuel Week?, in what you eay about selling the place. The Lord knows I don't want to leave it. I was born and brought op here, and that counts with some people, li your wue b couem is willing to come and help me make a living for each wages as I oan pay, the arrangement might be made. But I want to look on it as a business arrangement. I have quiet ways of my own, and things belonging to the past to think about, and I've got a right to thick aboot 'em. I ain't one of tfce marrying Mad, and I don't want people to be a considering such notions when I don't. I'd be kind acd all that to ber and her little girl, but I should want to be Uft to myself as far as I could be/ Ob, certainly,' said Mr. Weeks, mentally chuckling over the slight prospect of such immunity, but yon must remember that Mrs. Mumpson Isn't like common help'— I That's where tbe trouble will come in/ ejaculated tbe perplexed farmer, ' but there's been trouble enough with the other sort.3 I should eay so/ Mr. Weeks remarked emphatically. 'It would be a pity if yen eooidn'1 get along with such a respectable, conscientious woman a Mrs. Mumpson, who cornea from one of ibe beet families iu tbe country/ Holcroft removed his hat and paFed hig band over his brow wearily as he esid, Ob, I could get along with onyoce who wcuid j do tbe woik in a way that would give me a I chance to make a little, and then leave me j to myself.' j 1 Well, well/ said Mr. Weeks, lacghicg, 1 1 von needn't think that fescauss I've hinted I at a good match for yen I'm msking ens fcr j my wife's cousin. Yon may see the day I when you'll be mere hot fcr it than she ir, I All I'm trying to do is to help you keep year j place, and live like a man ought and e'.op j people's mouths.' j If I could only fill my own and live in ! D8ce, it's all I ask. When I get to ploughicg and pbniiog again I'll begin to take seme comfort.' These words were quoted against Hclfcroft far and near. ' Filling his own mcuth and making a little money ere all he carea lor, : was the general verdict. And thus people are misunderstood. The farmer had never turned anyone hungry from his door, and he would have gone to the poortoase rather than have acted tbe part of (be man who misrepresented him. He had only mean to express (he hope that be might be able to fill his mouth — earn hie bread, acd get it from his native sciL Ploughing and planting — working where he had toiled sicca a child, would be a solace in Iteelf, acd not a grudged means to a sordid end. Mr. Weeks was a thrifty man also, and in nothing was he more economical than in charitable views of his neighbour's motives and conduct. He drove homeward with the complacent feeling that he had dons a shrewd, good Hung for himself and 'his folks' at least. His wife's cousin was not exactly embraced in tfce latter category, although be bad been so active in her be half. The fact was, he would be at much greater pains could he attach her to Holcroft or anyone 'else and so prevent further periodical visits. He regarded her and her child as barnacles with such ap&llicg; adhesive powers that even his Ingenuity at I ' crowding out ' had been baffled. In justice | to him, it must be admitted that Mrs, j Mumpson was a type of the poor relaticn I that would tax the long- suffering of charity j itself. Her husband had left Her sc&xosly; his blessing, and if he hd fled to ills fce knew nothing of, he believed that he was escaping from some of which he had a painfully distinct consciousness. Hig widow was one of the peopie who regard tfce world as their oyster,' and her scheme of life was to get as much as possible for nothing. Arrayed in mourning weeae, she had begun a system of periodical descents upon his relatives and her own. She might have made such viritarione endurable acd even welcome, but she was not shrewd enough to be sensible. She appeared to have developed only the capacity to talk, to pry and to worry people. She was unable so rest or to permit others to rest, yet her aversion to any useful form of activity wss bet obief characteristic. Wherever she went, ehe took the ground that she wss company/ and, with a shawl hanging over her sharp, angular shoulders, she would seise upon tfce most comfortable rooking ehair in tbe hoore, and mouse fcr bits of news about every ore oi whom she had ever heard. She was quits ss ready to tell all ebe knew also, and for t'ro take o? bar budget of gossip end scandal, ber female relatives tolerated tier after a fashion for a time ; but the had been aroused ao often, and her scheme of ebteir- jng subsistence for herself and child had become so offensive apparent, that she had about exhausted the patience cf all the kith Md km on whom she had the remotest claim. Her presence w&a; all the more unwelcome by reason of the faculty for irritating the men of the various households which she invsded. Even the most phlegmatic or the best,- aatured lost their eelf -control, and, as their -1V« deolaraa, 'felt like flying to piece, o J?0??11 rockuiS» goariping, question iag, and what was worse stlU, lecturing. Not the least endurable thing about Mre Mump, son washer pecaliaT phase of piety. She SSkltL1 Wyries duties of others FWDfal dHm«teees that ehe felt compelled to epeak of them ; and her zeal was sure to be instant out of omtoonL Mr-' «-W8€a J? ctflrted on his Hotcrott hi, wife re- ? h.f «®eeWw, erafidaotuUy, I g» riiol Orothy h,wu/ a Leianel will fly off the "V 31,8 w»t bill farm would take the widow for good and all. Chapter III.— Mrs. Mumpson Negotiates and Yields. Mr. Weeks, on his return home, dropped all diplomacy in dealing with the question at issue. 4 Oynthy,' fae eaid, in his own vernacular, 'the end has oome, so far as me and my folks are concerned. I never expect to visit you, and while I'm master of the house, no more visits will be received. But hain't taken any suoh stand onconsiderately,' he concluded. 4I,ve given up the whole forenoon to secure you a better ehaneeof living than visitiog around. If you go to Holerofi'e, you'll have to do eome work, and so will your girl. But he'll hire someone to help you, and so you won't have to hurt yourself. Your trump card will be to hook him and marry him before he finds you out. To do this, you'll have to see to the house and dairy, and bestir yourself fcr a time at least. He's pretty desperate off for la»k of woman-folks to look after indoor matters, but he'li sell out and clear out before he'll keep a woman, much less marry her, if ehe does nothing but talk. Now remember, you've got a chance whioh you won't get again, for Holoroft not only owns his farm, but has a snug sum in the bank. So you hsd better get your things together, and go right over while he's in the mood.' When Mrs. Mumpson reached the blank wall of the inevitable, she yielded and not before, She saw that the Weeks mine was worked oat completely, and she knew that this exhaustion was about equally trae of all similar mines which had been bored until they would yield no further returns. Bat Mr. Wekks soon found that he oould not oarry ont his summary measures. The widow was bent on negotiations and binding agreements. In a stiff, cramped hand, she wrote to Holoroft in regard to tbe amount of salary' he would be willing to pay, intima ting that one burdened with suoh responsi bilities sb sbe was expected to assume ort to be comp3Bsiated prcposhondly.' W eeks groaned as he despatched his son on horseback with this first epistle, and Holoroft groaned &b; he read it, not on account of its marvellous spelling and con struction, but by reason of the vista of per plexities and trouble it opened to his boding mind. But he named on half a sheet of paper as large a sum as he felt it possible to pay and leave any ohanoe for himself, then affixed his signature and sent it baok by the messenger. The widow MumpBon wished to talk ov?r this first point between the high contracting powers indefinitely, but Mr. Weeks remarked, cynically, It's double what I thought he'd offer, and you're lucky to have it in black and white. Now that every thing's settled. Timothy will hitch np and take you and Jane up there at once ' But Mrs. Mumpson now began to insist upon writing another letter in regard to her domestic status and that of her child. They oould not think of being looked upon as servants. She also wished to be assured that a girl would be hired to help her, that she should have ail the church privileges to which she hed been accustomed, and the right to visit and entertain her friends, whioh meant every farmer's wife and all the maiden sisters in O&kville.; 4 And then,' she continued, 4 there are always little perquisites which a housekeeper has a right to look for' — - Mr. Weeks irritably put a period to this phase of diplomacy by saying, 4 Well, well, Cynthy, the stage will be along in a oouple of hours. We'll put you and your things aboard, and you can go on with what you call your negotiations at cousin Abiram's. I can tell you one thing, though — if you write any such letter to Holoroft, you'll never hear from him again.' Compelled to give up all these pre liminaries, but inwardly resolving to gain eaoh point by a nagging persistence which she wa? a mistress, she finally declared that she 4 must have writings about one thing which couldn't be left to any man's ohang6» ful mind. He must agree to give me tbe monthly salary he names for at least a year.' Weeks thought a moment, and then, with a shrewd twinkle in hie eyes, admitted, ' It would bs a good thing to have Holcroft's came to Euob an agreement. Yea, you might try that on, but you're taking a risk. If you were not so penny wise and pound fcoiieh you'd go at once and manage to get bim to take you for ' better or worse." ' You miejadge me, cousia Lemuel,' replied tbe widow, bridling and rooking violently. If there's any suoh taking to be dene, he most get me to take him.' 1 Well, well, write your letter about a year's engagement. That'll settle you for a twplvemonth, at least.' Mrs. Mumpson again began the slow, laborious construction of a letter, in which she dwelt upon the uncertainties of life, her duty to her offspring.' and the evils of vicissitude.' 4 A stable homs is woman's chief desire, she concluded, 'and you will Eurely agree to pay me the salary you have Said for a year.' When Holoroft read this second epistle he so far yielded to his firet impulse that he half tore the sheet, then paused irresolutely. After a few moments he went to the door and looked out upon his acres. 4 It'll aoon be ploughing and planting time,' he thought. 4 1 guess I can stand her — at leaBt, I can try it for three months. Fd like to turn a few mere furrows on the old place/ and his face softened and grew wistful as he looked at the bare, frost-bound fields. Suddenly it darkened, and grew stern as he muttered, ' Bat I'll put my hand to no more paper with that Weeks tribe.' lie strode to the stable, saying to Timothy Weeks, as he passed, I'll answer this letter in person.' Away cantered Timothy, and soon caused a flatter of expectancy in the Weeks house hold byv announcing that 4 old Holcroft looked black as thunder, and was comin' himself.' ' I tell you what 'tis, Oynthy, it's the turn of a hair with you now,' growled Weeks. ' Unless you agree to whatever Holcro!|#ays, you haven't 6 ghost of a chance.' The widow felt that a crisis had Indeed oome. Cousin Abiram's was the next place in the order of visitation, but her last ex perience then left iter in paiqful doubt as to ft future reception, Tbemorc ebe tied on « new cap, smoothed her apron, and rooked tLan!?ns d r?pidity 4 1,1,11 be according to the ordering of Providence——' t 9h' P8baw!' interrupted cousin Lemuel, it il be aooordiug to whether you've cot any seuse or not.' ."f- Weeks S,a _miadallday. She saw that her husband h &a; reached the limit of his endurance — that he nad virtually already ' flawn off the handle.' bae ber own kin actually bundled out of the house— what would people say Acceptance of Holcroft's terms, whatever tney might be, was the only way out of the awkward predicament, so she began in a wheedling way, 4 Now, oouein Cynthy. as Lemuel says, you've got a first-rate chance. had an awful time with women, and heil be glad enough to do well by ftnyone who does fairly well by him. Every body says he's well off, and onoe you're fairly there and get things in your own handB. fchere's no telling what may happen. He II get a girl to help you, and Jane's big enough now to do a great deal. Why, you'il be the same as keeping house like the rest of us,' Farther discussion was cut short by the arrival of the victim. He stood awkwardly in the door of the Weeks' Bittingroom for a moment, seemingly at a loss how to state his case. Mr. and Mrs. Weeks now resolved to appear neutral, and allow the farmer to make his terms. Then, like other superior powers in the background, they proposed to exert a pressure on their relative and do a little coercing. But the widow's course promised at first to relieve them of all further effort. She suddenly seemed to become aware of Holcroft's presence, sprang up, and gave him her hand very cordially. 4 I'm glad to see yon, sir,' she began. 4 It's very considerate of yon to come to me. I can get ready in short order, and as for Jane, she's never a bit of trouble. Sit down, sir, and make yourself at home while I get our things together and put on my bonnet and she wae about to hasten from the room. She, too, had been compelled to see that Holcroft's farmhouse was the only certain refuge left, and while she had rocked and waited the thought had come into her scheming mind, 4 I've stipulated to stay a year, and if he says nothing against it, it's a bargain which I can manage to keep him to in spite of himself, even if I don't marry him,' But the straightforward farmer was not to be caught in suoh a trap. He had oome himself to say certain words, and he would say them. He quietly, therefore, stood in door and said, 4 Wait a moment, Mrs. Mumpson. It's best to have a plain under standing in all matters of business. When I've done, you may conolude not to go with me, for I want to say to you what I said this morning to your ooqbIu, Lemuel Weeks. I'm glad that be and his wife are now pre sent, as witnesses. I'm a plain man, and all I want is to make a livia' off the farm I've been brought up on. I'll get a girl to help you with the work. Between you, I'll expect it to be done in a way that the dairy will yield a fair profit. We'll try and see how we get on for three months and not a year. I'll sot bind myself longer than three monthB. Of course, if you manage well, I'll be glad to have this plain business arrangement go on ae long as poseible, bat it's all a matter of business. If I can't make my farm pay, I'm going to sell or rent and leave these parts.' 4 Oh, certainly, certainly, Mr. Holcroft. You take a very senBexble view of affairs. I hope you will find that I will do all that I agree to and a great deal more. I'm a little afraid of the night air and the inclement season, and eo will hasten to get myself and my child ready,' and she passed quickly out. Weeks put his hand to his mouth to conceal a grin as be thought, She haen't agreed to do anything that I know on. Still, she's right ; she'll do a sight more than he expects, but it won't be just what he expects.' Mrs, Weeks followed her relative to expedite matters, and it must be confessed that the gathering of Mrs. Mumpson's belongings was no heavy task. A small hair trunk that had oome down from the remote past held her own and her child's wardrobe and represented all their worldly possessions. Mr. Weeks, much pleased at tbe tarn o' affairs, became very affable, but confined his remarks chiefly to the weather, while Holcroft, who bad an uneasy sense of being overreached in some undetected way, was abstracted and laconic. He wae soon on the road home, however, with Mrs. Mumpson and Jane. Cousin Lemuel's last whiBpered charge was, 'Now, for mercy's sake, do keep your tongue still and your hands busy.' (TO SB CONTINUED.) 