Our Sydney Letter. finon otra own o»a»Bflrotn-ENT.1 Janu&rr; 30. TiiEro-openingof Parliament onW.odnosday last was the principal event ef the week. At an Opposition caaoua hold the previous day tho question of appointing a leader was disoussod, but without Ioa4ing to any definite result, ana Mr. Dibbs consequently remains nominal hoad of the party. It is only his dogged tenaoity of the position that tho Government havo to thank for their esoapo from an adverao motion bo Boon as tho House mot. Nobody on either sido eeoms to know exactly whom he is following, and safety is inglorioualy sought by most hon. members in the sullen sooluaion oi the cross benches. Tha front Ministerial seats woro osten tatiously eschewed by ovory member who consi ders that he hM a politioal future to take sare of, aad tho poverty-striokon following with which Sir John essayed to carry on the work of Government oould not muster courage enough to greet tbe veteran with a »inglo cheer as be rose to introduce hia new team. The tone in whioh tho House received him all through was one of iudiffsrenoa, bordering on contempt. It is the party balow tho gangway that tho Oppo sition thinks it nooesnary to watch. And the party below the gangway have no more regard for the Ministry than they have for the Opposition. They aro moroly crouching for a spring; so soon as tho proper timo comes. At presont Mr. Dibbs's leadership of tba Opposition renders it im possible for them to fairly estimate tho strength of that Bido of th& House. Tho de faeto Op position, liko the de fcttt Government, is huddled togoUisr in a confused and hesitating mass below tha opposite gangway. This was the disposition of parties when tbo Houso met, and naturally it prcoluded anything in tho shape of serious business being attempted. After throo nights of indafinito sparring, in which the tail of tho Government had a pretty warm bout against tho combined heads of the Government and Opposition, with the Opposition tail neutral, a week's postponemont was agreed to iu order to givo the Treasurer a chance, to submit his finanoial statement. This document is pro mised on Thursday next, when the tug of war will be commenced in downright earnest. There will be no further excuse for keeping the Opposition's hands off tho stop-gap Govern ment, and another shuffle of the cards cannot ba avoidod, though what par^y will turn up trumps is a matter of absolute impossibility for anyone to say. There is but on« oert*inty, namely — that tho Eobertson Government in its present form has but very few more days to livo. Even apartfrom its personality, which exojttes tbe ridicule of the country, the littlo bit of * ' polioy ' that it has dimly outlined would ba sufficient to make its imtant dumUsal a foregone conclusion. Mr. Dibbs, who appeari to be as Banguine as he is headstrong, oheriahu evident hopes of leading hia ghost of a party baok to power, but he utterly fails to infect any one else with his enthusiasm. Mr. Abbott taoitly encourages his old chief's daluaion, and with an affectation ot laissez fairs humility altogether at variance with the epirifc which prompted his rash attempt to jump the premiership a few weeks ago, he sits as'de while Mr. Dibbs arranges for tho forthcoming attack. No doubt he would go tho length of advisiog Mr. Dibba to again take office, but of course he has 'private reasons ' for refusing to join him, the same as Sir Henry Parkas had for deserting tho leader of the late Opposition under similar cironm stancof. It is cue thing for Mr. Dibba to move a vote that will put the Government out, but quite another thing to muster a following sufficient to emble him to take Bir John Eobertson's place. Mr. Dibbs and Sir John aro b*th as good ns shunted. Ani the only otherpoteiblePremieraaroSir Henry Parkesand Mr. Abbatt Efforts are etill being madd to induce Mr. Barton to leave tho Speaker's chtir, and uafnrl the standard of a new party, but th»t luoky young gentleman seems to know perfeotly on whioh side hia political bread is buttered, and shows not the least intention of coming off hia high aud dry perch, and trying hia fortune in tha uncertain arena of militant politios. It is, thoreforo, Parkea or Abbott, or a now coalition. Nothing elae is possible in tho presont Parliament, and both of them are now acting aa if they fully under stood tha way in -which things are inevitably tending. Of course the chances of a dissolu tion have to be takta into aaoount, but in the event of suoh a crisis it ia more than probable tint tho country -would once more declare that Sir Henry ParkeB has become a necessary evil. What tha Treasurer's financial statement will disolcse is still a Ministerial secret, but it cannot be svd that there is muoh real interest felt iu the motttr. Nobody expects a settle ment of the financial question from the present Government, the publio only looking forward to tho statement as tho signal for the tug of war to comm«noe. Sir John Robertson olinga to tho fatal p'ank of tenant right for Crown lessees as blindly as a drowsing mm olings to a ttraw, and even if his Govern ment were a pwjonnlly eligible one this ?would be Buffioient to secure its downfall. To meit a temporary financial pinob. by selling tho improvement* on tho public estate is a pro posal which the presont Parliament may b9 relied upon to steadfastly oppose, no matter by whom it may bs put forward. Five hundred thousand pounds, Sir John says, he ia able to raiao in this way, and the rest of the defi it he has left to the Treasurer to be covered by ' an equitable' fcheme of taxation. No doubt new taxation will havo to be resorted to, and not for half th-s deficit but for the whole of it. That it should bo made to fall with an equitable incidence upon the various cluanoi of tho community is also a palpable neaeisity. It would have been rather odd if the Treasurer deliberately announced hia intention of submitting an inequitable scheme. The labour difficulty - at the Lambton ooal mines is beginning to assuma a very serious aspeot. Four hundred mon have now baen on strike for some months, and tha burden of sup porting their families is thrown upon the funds of the Trades and Labour OounoU, whioh now finds the strain getting very unoomfortable. The strike ia not, striotly speaking, in the interest ef wages ; it is an tssertion of the new prinsiple that labour is entitled to participate fairly with oapitul in the division of profits. It has baen shown by impartial investigation that the maloontents who are paid by piece have been earning from 12a to 16s. per day of from seven to nine hours. No other elasa of manual labour iu tho colony is paid at this rate. Mechanics on time are content with from 8s. to 12s., tho latter being only obtainable by firat- olass men. Yet aU these whobelong to the various tradesogieties affiliated to the council, aro plaoed under con tribution to support men who rofuse to work for higher Tragea than they ut content to ao oept themselves. This has been going en now for a considerable time, and as the miners profess their willingness to hold out as long as ''strike allowance' is forthcoming the position of tho council has become serious in tho extreme. Tho affiliated sooieties, to use their own phrase, are ' beginning to tunble.' It is dawning upon some oi them that working for eight shillings a day and supporting men who refuse to work for 1 6«. is an arrangement of more than doubtful util:ty. Tho miatako tho Trades and Labou' Council made was in not attempting to find out .ho rights of the matter bafore lending ita oounteninoo to tho strike. What stepa will be taken to rectify the blunder they seem quite puzzled to deoide, but one thing is certain namely, that tho miners will blaed tho institution to death, unless reason speedily prevails on one Bide or tho other. Socially wo havo had a rather lively week. The popularity of Government Houso recep tions has now extended o all classes of sooiety, and this week's gathering was qs mixed, and almost as numerous, as if the affair had boon a champion bout raoo. A horriblo story appears in onfl of tbft morninor nanorfl tn.dnv tn f.Tin effect that two sorvant girls wero amongst tha gilded throng. Lot somo of tho Brisbane mistresses, who think themfolves the special viotims of modern sorvantgalism. ponder over that frightful disoovery. Fancy Mary Ann saying: 'Ploaso m'm, I must arks you to cook tho dinnor to-day, mo and Bridget having arranged to attend Lady Catriupton's roo«ption.' In the banquet ing lino two Crown Ministers, an ox-Premier, and yonrown'Dr. O'Dohorty, have been suocess fully operated upon. At the latter thero was a gr.-at rush of tho desoendtnts of the Irish kings to congratulate tho representative of ' Rile : Mathe' on his newly acquired dignity. By the way, has it ever ooourredto you to try and account for the prodigious foonndity of Ire land's nnoient rulen ? In early timos the peasantry don't scam to have bred at aU. Anyhow, none ' of their posterity aro to ho found amongst tho Hibernian element of this oolony. Mr. Daniel O'Connor, tho Postmaster - General, just announces his doBoont from the Royal etook of Tara, but nevertheless ho deolinoa to put on any extra airs on that account, being humbly content to put himself on a par with Napoloon, Garfisld, Olovolond, and other nobodies who woro com pelled to be tho foundors of their own houses. Thia is a fair samplo of tho banquet balderdash for whioh tho hon. gentleman holds a special diploma. But thero are tastos and taatea. Somo aro natural ; othorshavo to ba acquired by long persovoranoo and careful study. A man has to earn to relish turtle soup. It is the same with Mr. O'Connor's oratory. At first it Bickons the average btoinnob, but when pojplo succeed in accustoming thomaolvea to it it is said to be regarded as an intellectual delicacy. At any rate it always appearB on the intolleotual menu at our publio feeds. 