TOPICS OF THE WEEK. It would be interesting to have Mr. Clar ton's candid opinion about the rigorous clause in the Electoral Act which compels candidates for Parliamentary honours to deposit £50 with their nomination papers. There are candidates who make the deposit with fear and trembling lest they should never see their money again. Others, pos sessed by a reckless craving for notoriety, regard the deposit as the part of their election expenses which mast be paid. After a time, however, even themost persistent advertiser grows tired of forfeiting £50 notes, and Mr. William Gannson's name is at last absent from the lists. It is related of an election in the days gone by that a candidate was standing for a western constituency about the same time that the local races were on. He had an uncontrollable pas sion for betting, and lost on the course the £50 be took down for the returning officer. WThat was to be done? A num ber of sporting gentlemen, who took no in terest in the election, or were the friends of the local candidate, subscribed the deposit money between them for the visitor, "sothat he should not be left in the hole," and the nomination papers were sent in. Before the polling day, the visitingcandidateascertained as the result of painfully energetic cauvassing that he had not what was called the ghost of a show, and a meeting of creditors was held. It was too late to withdraw the money, and the sporting gentlemen went round the town begging their friends to vote for the stranger, to enable them to get the deposit back, while the stranger took no further interest in the proceedings. The de posit money was not recovered. Mr. Clarton's case is different. When enter ing the held for Evelyn against Mr. Cameron he had no apprehension of losing the deposit by failing to bring the minimnm number of voters to the poll. With the support of the National Liberal League Mr. Clarton was confident in being able to save his stake. But there often lurks in the quietest pools by the seaside a cruel octopus; and Mr. Clarton's £50 had scarcely been pat in the returning officer's sate and sure hands before a vigilant creditor obtained an order from the Supreme Court attaching £24 9s. of the amount in satisfaction of a judgment debt To Mr. Clarton the position is extremely harrowing. However the election goes he loses ; and the trouble he takes to bring in voters is so much energy wastefully expended in protecting the interests of an inexorable creditor. In all the discussions which have taken place respecting the constitution of the Coalition Ministry, and its prospects of success, one point has been nearly lost sight of, and that is, for the first time in the history of the colony the Premier is a bachelor. Mr. J. G. Duffy, who has drawn attention to the fact, states that though not illegal this is unconstitutional, aud he suggests that as soon as Par liament meets Mr. Gillies 6hould have the option of either marrying or re signing, taking the dagger or swallowing the poison. He thinks it doubtful which course Mr. Gillies would prefer to adopt Al though, however the position of the new Premier may be unique in the annals of Vic toria, the history of England furnishes at least one notable precedent, that of the illus trious WiUiain Pitt This great statesman, who died at the early age of 46, was never married, and, what is more, he was nevereyeh suspected of indulging in those gallantries which in his time were looked upon as becoming in a public man. Macaulay sug gests that Pitt was .too busy to afford time for frivolities, but whatever the cause ma; have been the great Minister's indifference to female charms was well known, and fur nished a theme for the not very delicate caricaturists of that age. The difficulties of Mr. Gillies would be considerably compli cated if woman suffrage was the law of the land. Even as it is the posi tion is not without its dangers. Mrs. Dugdale is abroad, and the enfran chisement of the female sex has been adopted as a plank in the platform of one of the two rival national liberal leagues. No one can tell when the changetnay be made, and Mr. Gillies will be vrell advised not to loBe the present opportunity. Lord John Russell, it will be remembered, entered into the bonds of holy matrimony while at the head of Her Majesty's Government, and we are sure that Parliament would readily grant a few weeks leave of absence to Mf- Gilliefl on bis becoming ft bridegrooiS We are assuming, of course, that mamagfeJis deair able under all circumstances—-that be ^who would govern should himself be but it may be better for the state fo> 1 presided over hja Premier satisfying so own*. pletely as Mr. Gillies does the severe require ment of the Apostle Paul. The electors of Belfast qualified them selves for arriving at a just estimate of the rival claims of Mr. Joseph Jones and Mr, J. J. Madden by refusing them both a hearing. As neither candidate was unknown to fame, they asked one another what was the use of wasting time listening to speeches when they could employ it so much more agreeably in lighting; and of fighting and rioting they have had enough to make the general elec tion of 1SS6 memorable in Belfast, The pre dominating vote there is that of a race of our fellow-subjects w ho are celebrated above all things for their keen sense of humour; so, whether it was Mr. Jones or Mr. Madden that happened to mount the platform for the pur poseof talking politics, they impartially pelted him with eggs and tomatoes, or silenced him j by the raising of a din far louder than his own. There are no reasons visible on the surface to explain why the constituency: should have become jovially excited on this occasion. Mr. Madden, during the three; sessions of 1S53, 18S1, and 1SS5, was a mild, , well-behaved young man—attentive to the; business of the House, and most ass:-! duons in practising the art of speaking. 1 Mr. Jones is by religious training, if not by nature, a man of peace—one of those who ( make it a matter of conscience to turn the : left cheek to the smiter after he has smitten (: them on the right. The raising of the furious j tempest has been attributed to the fervid j eloquence of Father Campion, whose mission j in this world ought to be to keep men from quarrelling. At the village of Crossley. he de- j livered himself of some stirring words which j have all the flavouring of a holy cursej "May the flesh rot from their bones, the: grass wither under their feet, their homes be desolate, and hell be depicted to their bosom." : Mr. Madden takes these words to himself, ' and is shocked at Father Campion's " bins-' phemy." The sin Father Campion denounced was disobeying the church. Whether Mr. i Madden's disobedience consisted in his suc cessfully opposing the late Sir John; O'Shanassy, who was the keeper of the Arch- j bishop's conscience, and Father Campion's ■ friend, at the general election of 1SS3. j or in his having recently disregarded I the prohibition issued from the altar j against "mixed marriages," has yet to ! be explained, but Mr. Madden's cause j of offence must have been very serious; to warrant his supposing that Father Cam-! pion desires that the grass should wither under his feet and the place unmentionable be depicted to bis bosom. Hitherto it has been found that the indiscreet interference of clergymen with politics has the effect of driving the voters over in a body to the other side, and a candidate having donbtful prospects asks for nothing better than to be made the subject of clerical anathemas. The Melbourne Presbytery has again be come vigorous and entertaining. It tnet on Tuesday to settle the Scots Church case, but the members derive too much enjoyment from the controversies that this subject pro vokes to come to a hasty decision. While a trace ot heresy lingers in the congregation the persevering surgeon will keep the sore open. It is instructive to observe with what thoroughness the ruling section of the mem bers prepared themselves for receiving the call in favour of Mr. Dods by holding a caucus beforehand at the friendly abode of Mr. M'Eachran in Carlton, where the jury met to determine how they should arrive at a verdict of guilty before they took their places in open court for the purpose of hearing the evidence The decision was not disclosed at Tuesday's meeting oi the presbytery, because, perhaps, the verdict bad not been finally decided upon. Most of the time was occupied with ! an interesting dispute about points of order, j One portion of the proceedings reminds us of j the story of the gentleman who was boiling j over with rage at Laving been called some thing which signified that bis mode of put ling the facts was inconsistent with history, and when a friend tried to soothe him with philosophic reflections his answer was " Man, but the fellow proved it" Mr. Yule should be more circumspect and de liberate when interjecting, for there is no 6aying what retorts may be provoked by words carelessly used in a sense totally dif ferent from the one they ordinarily convey. The position occupied by Dr. Morrison is an odd one. 'There are the members of the con gregation on the one side, to the number of some hundreds, wanting to call Mr. Dods, and there is the solitary figure of the principal of the Scots CoJlege,on the other withstand ing them. For two years Dr. Morrison has been going voluntarily Sunday after Sunday, with a troop of the schoolboys under his care, to the Scots Church to listen to heretical preaching—endangering, it may be, the souls of his young charges—for the pur pose of some day having it in bis power to arraign Mr. Dods for having been untrue to the Presbyterian faith. The present condi tion of Dr. Morrison, his burning zeal for ortholoxy, and the high moral tone of the college are the best proofs that could be given that Mr, Dods preaches an edifying discourse, omitting nothing calculated to keep his learned hearer in a condition of healthful activity. Until Dr. Morrison quite falls away from grace; while "sitting under" Mr. Dods, no one can believe the indictment to be true. Dr. Morrison, if his indictment is to be taken seriously, should be called to account, on his own confession, for indulging a wicked appetite for questionable ser mons. It is agreed on all hands that the services which Bishop Moorhouse has rendered to Victoria are such as to deserve recognition, MQt onlyfrom of England but —pie. -It was consequently re iito|he addreBses.fbat he the? members of his own f ldm with a testimonial to "Vconid contribute, but, unfortunate]/, the central committee do not seem to have managed their work well. They contented themselves with sending out circulars to a number of country clergymen, , and are now surprised at the few returns • tbey have received. The wonder would have ! been, if they had been thoroughly successful. J Even when people get a circular directly posted to them they do not usually take j much notice of it, unless the matter is ] brought under their attention in other ways. : They are not in the habit of rushing off to ! the nearest post-office the moment a comma | nication comes to them, in order to send; ; away money even for the best cause. Every" | | one knows that a movement of any kind, j | and especially one which involves the raising j : of contributions, must be properly organise ". 1 | Otherwise people do nor know where to send their subscription to, or they postpone the, i trouble of sending. At any rate, nothing is s more certain than the fact that streams of j gold do not flow spontaneously from the • pockets of the people to the hands of a com- j mittee. We trust, however, that, in spite of j this lax management, the testimonial to Dr. j Moorhouse will be Jarre and worthy of the j colony. He is a man of eminent common-: sense; apart altogether irom bis scholarship, ] and has taken sound views both oi religion j and of secular matters. He has helped to! infuse a healthy tone into the churches, > comparable to that which was originated by Maurice and Stanley and the other holders) of enlightened views, lu his case a testi-j monial woald be simply a small acknov- j ledgment on the part of the colony, not only j that he had done his duty, bat that he had ' done it in a way most suited to the wants of! a new country. j The Steam Navigation Board, in acquit- j ting Captain M'Gee of all blame in connexion ; with the striking of the Waihora on the pin- j nacle rocfc §be discovered for berseif opposite j Eddystone Point, came to the only verdict; that the evidence warranted. As nautical ■ experts are satisfied that, at least, one sharp-' pointed rock sticks np—or stuck up—where j no rocks were supposed to be, it follows that j the surveys are incomplete, and navigation j will be unsafe until the marks on the charts correspond with the actual state of the sea bottom. Captain Donaldson's singular evi dence leaves as in doubt, however, as to whether the rock was absolutely unknown previously to the lVaihora running over it the week before last. Here we have a mariner of 13 years' local experience telling the Steam Navigation Board that he heard from the Imperial officers who made die survey that they discovered, after raach searching, a pinnacle off the Eddy stone so sharp that it split the blade of the oar they prodded it with. This was what tbey told him in 187S, but in 1867, when second mate of the Albion, he himself saw a break in the water in the passage off Eddy, j stone Point, and reported it to Captain I M'Lean, who, he believes, sent the bearings j to the Steam Navigation Board, who, we i presume, have forgotten all about them, i There was, therefore, a suspected danger known to various mariners, but unknown to the mariners who were more concerned than j others to know it—the captains at present in ! the Union Company's Service. Navigation, | after all is a matter of rule of thumb. On j this particular trip the Waihora took j the inside passage, because the day was fine, and because, according to the chief' officer, " it saved 16 miles " to do so : yet! when this officer was requested by the board to measure off" the distance on the chart the saving only amounted to six miles. The difference is considerable, and it is impor tant to ask how many traditions of this kind, requiring correction, are improperly influencing the minds of certificated seamen f Then, again, it is "one of the company's standing orders that fore- point bearings shall be taken by the officer of the watch of all prominent landmarks," but neither the second nor the third officer took bearings of the points the Waihora passed while they were on duty, because " the captain was on the bridge at the time." T he captain took bearings jnst before the striking of the vessel, but to fix the position of a dangerous rock to a nicety who would be satisfied with a single observation? It is vain a scrupulously careful manager j issuing peremptory orders if these orders may be suspended or ignored through a mis understanding on the part of the officers as j to what iB their duty when the captain is by.' We congratulate the Union Company on its having cost them not more than £8,000 or £10,000 to make a discovery which might have sent one of the finest ships to the bottom; and the Waihora's passengers, on having«scaped the slightest injury, thanks j to the care and judgment of a captain | who, after the accident, kept his head cool and saw his way out of difficulty. A bridegroom waiting at the church door the bride, who does not come, but sendi note instead to say she bas changed 1 mind, is ina position too humiliating for sy pathy, and very similar is the case of Premier who assembles his colleagt at the Reform Clab, Macquarie-street, walk a few paces down the road to 1 Government offices, where the swearing is to take place, and at the last rnomt meets the other party to the bargi in the street, who tells him the bargi is " off." Sir Patrick Jennings was so < cumstancefi last week. Everything had be settled the night before, the names prick off, the portfolios allotted, the press of the colonies supplied with the list, the ht fixed for the ceremony, and the champag ordered for the Ministerial breakfast, but Sir John Robertson turned up. Sir Jo muBt have put himself to considerable p sonal inconvenience to be out of the way the rime appointed, for the Reform Club his town house—the lair in which the < lioness is td be found at all bonrs of the di [ Sir Patrick and bis. half of the coaliti Ministry met Sir John in the street as tl were walking down to toe Com; I Chamber. Sir John begged for two hours { delay, which was granted ; and at 3 p.m. fcir j • Patrick received this note" My Dear Jen-: ! nings,—I liave conferred with ray colleagues. , ! and 1 greatly lament that the question of the j j Attorney-Generalship makes our co- opera-1 j tion impossible. I shall, however, gladly ask i I for you any adjournment of the Assembly j ■ that you may wish.—Yours, very sincerely, i j Joh.v IIoeektsox. P.S.—I am quite clear, 1 ! however, that, under present circumstances, j I cannot be one of your colleagues." They j | were to have gathered round the altar atj j half-past 2, and to have their union pro- j claimed in the Assembly at 4 -^ir Patrick j | had to go down to the House, with tears iti j his eyes^ and trembling lips, and tell Parlia-^ inent how he had been jilted. And Sir j John was there too, to maintain that he: had acted like an honourable old lady There was a reading of letters, as is usual when the breach of promise is taken into court, and there were explanations and denials, with sarcasms from >ir Henry. Parlies at the parties for having wasted such j a lot of time in making tools of each other. ' Sir John, it transpire ), had been willing j enough, but the young Mr. Want had laid hands on the Attorney-General's wig and | gown ; and the elderly Mr. Simpson tbir, John's learned colleague' was determined to ' have these insignia of office or forbid the! bans. Sir John Robertson had promised' his colleagues that they should one and alt i be satisfied before he took the book iu his right hand to swear ; and when Mr. Simpson found out :rom the newspapers that he was not to be chief law officer he held Sir John to his promise. And so, Sir John, instead of keep ing his word to Sir Patrick, had to write and confess that his relatives would not allow of: the marriage, much as he loved Sir Patrick and much as Sir Patrick loved him. Mr. Want and Mr. Simps u have not i exactly torn the Attorney-General's wig to shreds between them, but the obstinacy and unseemly quarrelling of these two jealous schoolboys has prevented the iormation of the coalition Government: and what we have now to asK is whether Sir Patrick I Jennings and Sir John Robertson could have | been in earnest in their desire to work j together when they allowed so tritling a J matter to sunder them. Mr. Want is not j new to politics. He was without a seat in Par liament when, a few months ago, Mr. Dibbs j took him into his too easily shattered Cabinet, and he is considerably Mr. Simpson's junior at the bar. Mr. Want, however, possesses that by no means rare quality which is useful to politicians who are ambitious of; getting on—no false modesty deters him j from making his merits known where it is j his interest that they should be recognised. After the two leaders had explained in the Assembly why they failed to agree, Mr. Want took the House into his confidence, and told | his fellow-members how superior his claims were to Mr. Simpson's. " I am a wise I fellow," he said, like a nineteenth century Dogberry ; "and which is more, I have! fonght baitles, and which is more. I am as pretty a piece of flesh as any in Sydney, and one that knows the law, go to ; and one that hath a seat in the Assembly, and everything handsome absut him." Mr. Simpson is but a member of the Council, says Mr. Want disdainfully, where gentlemen obtain seats by favour of the Ministry of the day. Mr. Simpson has over and over again been beaten in lus attempts to get into the Assembly, so i that be can make this single boast of supe- , riority over Mr. Want that he is "a fellow that hath had losses."' Sir Patrick and bir j John were merely playing at Cabinet-making I when they permitted these two self-seeking | members of the bar to spoil their coalition scheme. There is ample precedent for the Attorney-General being in the Council, for j Mr. Dalley belongs to that House. Whether Mr. Simpson or Mr. Want is the abler lawyer we cannot venture to determine : but thus i much may be predicted concerning Mr. Want's Attorney-Generalship under Sir' Patrick Jennings, that it will last but a short | time, unless accident aud happy chance go | with the new Government. Two immigrants to Queensland have jus been made aware that it is a criminal olfenc to accept an assisted passage from the Gi vernmentandimmediatelyaftc- rtheirarrivali the colony to lyook themselves by steamer k Sydney. The colonies that go in for imm gration have frequently the mortification c seeing the people they introduce take High at the first opportunity to other parte oi Aui tralia where there is believed to be a bette opening for the '"new chum." One or moi members of the group in fact keep up an ei pensive system of immigration lor the bene! of their neighbours, who welcome arrivals froi abroad but are not enterprising enough to pa for their coming. Queensland has lost man hundred immigrants by the exodus soul! wards. An official " now in the employ t the Government, who was lately purser o board one of the Ducal line of steamers, o the occasion of the last visit of his vessel t Newcastle, met in Hunter-street, in tht town, no less than seventeen persons, clued miners, who hod been conveyed to Queem land as assisted immigrants by the stearat on the previous voyage." The cost per hea to the Government under the agieemei they have with the Ducal line is £10, but w observe that the loss on each adult who got south is estimated by the Brisbane Courier e £30. Connell and Rowe were two immigrant whoemb&rked; by the Barrabool forSydney o the same day that they took their luggage ct of the Immigration DepSt, and, to blind tl officials, as is supposed, they asked for rai way passes before leaving " to enable thei to try their lack in the country districts. Persons so ranning away from the colon] within three months after their arrival, ai liable to a fine not exceeding £ft>, with < without imprisonment for any period not e: ceeding 12 months. Connell and Hon pleaded ignorance of the law, and the jndg taking into consideration the fact that the bad beta oeveu weeks in gwUiroiUDg tew let tliem off with six boors' imprisonment | A fairer plan, and one more in accord with ! (lie popular notion as to what really con stitutes crime, would be to make the ab sconding immigrant pay back to tbe Govern-1 inent what they had expended in bringing him out The immigrant who obtains a cheap or free passage to Australia is under on obit- j gatiou to tbe colony that provides the ship f to make it his home for a time, and should honestly carry out the bargain he has! entered into. There always will be a dilfi-1 culty, however, in enforcing tbe bargain, and fair play all round will not be obtained until I immigration is promoted from a federal' fund. The small community of Norfolk Island it numbers about 500—is under an exceed ingly simple form of government. It is with out a Parliament or corporation. The laws are made and administered by a council of | magistrates, who are elected on Boxing Day, j and meet for business on the first day of the new year, t otes for public works are not j required. On certain days in the month, three and a half in all, the male population has to turn out and labour for the common cause. Last January, dam-making was the j principal work required to be done. There , had been several months of continuous dry weather; rain was expected, and dams had to be laid across tbe creeks and Btreams for conserving water. Tbe rain came on tbe IStli of tbe month, nud in such quantities as j to cause rejoicing to almost famished people. A section of tbe inhabitants—the NVesleyans —asked tbe council to exempt them from public work, becaase they were busy erecting j a church, but they afterwards withdrew their request. On New Year's Day, when the Jaws were read over, the notices of amendment were few, but "as usual (reports the Aor/o/A' I.fUrn l I'ioui.ti ] the liquor law, an old bone of contention, was attacked three or four deep. The matter was discussed at con siderable length, and eventually a proposition of Mr. Francis Nobbs, ' That the law be ad ministered as it is, the chief magistrate keep-1 log the liquor, and the doctor issuing orders at bis discretion,' was carried by a large majority." What could be more simple !| We may be sure that the magistrate keeps good hours, as we read elsewhere that he is 1 a married man. It was next resolved that j tbere should be seven j>oHcemen, but that their positions should be honorary. To recompense them for acting as guardians of the peace they are excused from public labour. If constabulary duties carry with tbem the usual privileges we imagine that in Norfolk Island a policeman's lot I ought to be a happy one. There are taxes ! and fines, but apparently the people have the j option of not paying, for the Pionm" opines" that there wilt be small occasion tor the ser vices of an accountant on the days that the I chief magistrate and the council attend on; the pier to receive public moneys. Some de-! fuulters in arrears with their fines got intimation that they had to work off the score by burning lime at the big kiln. There is a penny savings bank to encourage fci-e young in habits of thrift, butthe deposits have to be sent to New Zealand for invest ment, as the trustees have nobody to lend { money to at a profit on the island. Interest i is allowed on all depositsof 10s. and upwards,! and repayments are made "on demand if! the bank is in funds, otherwise by check on j Auckland." Presumably the cheques of tbe trustees are part of the national currency. It [ is an easily managed bank, and " there are no clerical expenses." On the 9th January the deposits amounted to £1S4 5s. 2d. Be sides the Bavings bank trustees, tbe only! other advertiser in the Pio». < r is the photo- ! grapher, whose " terms are easy—cash or produce." In other respects the ways of the community are the same as our own, and I tbe fashionable intelligence includes the ac count of a wedding, followed by a breakfast, which was very '"sumptuous, and really a grand affair." Ten years ago the Victorian Parliamen passed an act in which it was' provided tha at the creation of a new Parliament al the elections for the Legislative Assembi, should take place on one day. Pre viously the elections had taken place it batches. This important change in th machinery of elections was, it may be inci dentally mentioned, proposed and carried b a Constitutional Government^the last forme by Sir J. M'Culloch), and, as it must hav the effect of preventing many men havin; votes in more than one electorate from fall exercising their electoral rights, the Consti tutional party cannot be accused of selfish uess in connexion with the measure. Bu what we particularly wish to poiu out is that a movement for the adoption o this electoral reform has recently begun b the old country. The Liverpool Chamber o Commerce has just declared that " the Par liamentary electrons of this country area! lowed to exteud over too long a period, am the excitement attending those just brough to a conclusion has interfered much wltl business and caused loss to tbe mercantil community." The Economist urges thatol the elections should be held on the sam day, and it does so in the interests o business, for it points out that, a England's foreign relatione are material!; affected by the results of general ejections, i is most undesirable that the period o suspense should be prolonged more than i absolutely heoessary. Some of tbe advocate of tbe reform do not go quite as far as tb Economist, and would be content if all tbi borough elections were held simultaneously Their reason tor thinking that the countr; elections must continue to beheld in batche will seem a carious one to colonists. It i to the effect that, as portions of severs counties are thinly populated, it would b difficult to get a sufficient number of depuk returning officers and poll clerks t> do the whole of the work in on day- In this connexion, the Economist singularly enough, advocates another refers yhich boa been c&rsied; into effect with jew* results bete for timy years, positing by *31 candidates of a certain money with the Government, in any case in which the candidate s® secure a reasonable proportion of voteT^ appropriated to the expenses of theelStr H wili also be remembered toattK* adopted the ballot before the mother coma*. As we have set such Rood example taw* regards electoral machinery, it is to behoII3 she will shortly show us the best coiS' take in the matter of reform of iwp mentary procedure for the purpose of anim pressing organised obstruction. ^ The close couuexionof different nat™,, in these days is well illustrated by the that the Radical attack on land tenate • England has already provoked some discm sion in America. A writer in the AW American Review deplores the increase of landlordism in the United States, and firsts a doleful picture of a future like that of Ireland unless the Government step in to prevent it Another essayist, writing in the National Review, points out how great ate the interests involved in the possession of land, and how nnwise it would be to distort them. Pri vate ownership in land has grown because it is uatural, and because it is the first form of property. Every man natural), expects the fruits of liis industry to come to himself; and just as no man would dream ot training a horse it the stewards could divide the stakes among all that were entered ior the race, so nobody will be indined to work if the land which be dears and tills is to belong to the community nud shared with townsmen who have never manifested mudi sympathy for the rural population. Of course, where the right of private property is admitted, some estates will be larger than others, according to the capita! and energy of different Tpeople. But this is not without its advantages. In America it has opentd. up new districts with wonderful rapidity, and provided an outlet for great numbers, who would otherwise never have gained an independence. Another system of land occupation might hare been pog. sible, but it would not have been attended with the same results in the way of settle-. merit The Americans, who are believers in competition and expansion, are well aware of this fact, and their representative leaders favour no change. In England the agitation may prove mote disastrous than it would elsewhere. Her commercial supremacy rests > on her unlimited credit, and the credit re-. poses in that sacred 11 ess which has hitherto been attached to the rights of property. Once let these be interfered with, and her securities will be less valuable, and the whole edifice, weakened at the foun dation, will totter. Such is the tone of American feeling in the present position. To us it is of vast interest, not only because of our close relations with England botbecanse' these ideas, like ill weeds, will spread, and may be used by reckless theorists to hamper' our freedom and our growth. We should show no mercy to auy schemes which would prevent the ablest man from gaining hia re ward in the private ownership of laud or of anything else. 