WM^0^&kt;^:^::-- [?] '. _' ' ^BtTTHOS-OF *' UZE.OSB SHSZiKZ,' '.' TDEOWX OS , /'-;'':^M toe ?Konio,' ' i stkcggie roB'i biko,' ' ? ''?'^^H- -f.'\EtTTEll'jio^eSEST,''EZC.;'~t,'-'i-''-. '!:?'-. ?!*¥*? . cgAPra&S;^^SSCCosn^uEb^ -.- - r .', CisUemg^rapBRkE littles, -Badolph ' ?-=„. dirneiea=§rM3§TOHBF.'i3aen .he found his N^' - - . .. ~^5p*^Jikiiay make. v.v : -, ~^OQ|«Bavyaebfr6f '*5a3^t'«r4»of much import-; M'r-r^OjggPW^TfStiaB - E»J x wiu TClurn ' \- M^%^^^^-''n 'he brcatlaat-room, and /^g^gSto »»i littlo osnl to Lidy Caslle r-*i»r?fagWfc^-'y- fcr miaizcta. In c short L%)^|^^]^V-y th.t Lidy C»lie. P/?fgHM^aP»ViM Hyde. Uabeltoand l^lpHBaMhM^^8 ^^rcd&boat; m^*m$&pl9;!J&1 u if x Iired on the MB ?U*6trW!'i iJ^JB' notched earthquake ?t Uo4l- rfff-81'^. TT mother bus -written. ?eBIi^IhMPM S^^rSbe eenootlesrsSatb. ?fj »Od tha r7the rJ/einees to do, and bus cent Rp% lor IjUjQrim^^), our eolicitor ; but then the zI~ML bOMlSeti^^mj^,iono anUss the »ect nu, gjH^odriw d^H^^Vto eomo down, this after BBP^oobj lor ttirlWajs. ? Sow, if I go right off, , mg^ who kcovWnt Hadolph will g? into ftootber ;: MM «mn« ha «d]4 no*. Ko woold not ba =' - j«*ton» ol yoar mother. Nothing cm be mare '? . proper lh»n to goto btr; you can tskoFinnjr. A TbweUiKn)ijutira*boot ft. Xoar raotbtr ^' totttjao. Bbomay bo more 111 tbm aha j»-J Myi, I'»h-mld b« bdxIom. »«»; I fa foot \'*L; fUt4.'i .:?-' . ;? ?- ', ?? .: - »~ 'Jl*4xotiaii)kth»tIinoDHgo?' ; .? ? 'CirUinl/, Tbf rs ir^l be b train at foar \- ? o'clock, from Common utrcot. I »psnt ktm«I ' .moDtb* a( B»tb, with Aunt Creeion.' , ., / 'Will yoo come with me/ I«»bol? Tod , . ' IwooM not vltb to et«y b«r« witboot me, »nd . roa might m well go to Bjtb m to yonr ?' Ctrteiolr I will go, H yoa detlro It.' 'AyrlI,tb«nirjBg»«rP«noT. I will bare ? - ncr ptck my tbing«,-*nd I trill write s note to JJaooJpb, inclosing my moth**'* letter- \V» ,?; , BO »t foar. I »Uooil tblnlt I wUl cpjw ilj :- C^* will be » ch»Dij«, »nd Baiolpb will fj»ve : 'r:rwiur(0O(me(ob/*f$ow«.' : ? - ' ' 7Jw letter (oberbnibtodirH of tbeearteit. \- Oertrad* wm ytt deeply onRcred it wb*t tb* . ? :??? ?on»14*wd tb« intMMftble ntlMk ol the ? prevfow mtvAap To eat ihort b« ybuw, - . her c«Hy «t-ei*l Woronh with «&& lurtopf, «nwl wordi) . ,. ? V ? ? ? -WWlf a«flro4« wroU btr l«tt«w, bie»k. ; bated, »adhtd (pim -toifcirUbba bow*' keeper, l«W w«bi qpWI/ *o tho neirert ? tjl*gr»pb o)&M; wdwt thU -H«n»kitJ to j Colonel Irtnnox » *♦. ? ; -i /-.-'.. --.'50; M4Ig9loB»tb,'foft*dr C«Te», (or ; tpiw i*r*.;jvr» urn tn$ i v&mw; . L«.;jln boor *iW Oolontl I/iunoi rectlrtd tbl- ia^S!l!?'i.*tal w»I« *o ObiiioK Ccom lUtton lor-: IBfS^iS '''? b' lrtMIll»' At lour tb« next ^?gfKiinfnilM b« rewh«4 1»»tb, by a train ^?»»;V?»W). C»mb'rid«, gnd'oWd, *: ^?g^S^Pf. -bW. tfii'ojIoDit tp9k witS ^^?^^SSftSWf-ipirit*, -Ii»a/ Crewn1* ^^K«WJ»!^w«J'.wp»tof ibw, lii»oJ«4, warmest Jriend. Gertrnde bad been accne toaiedto rcgird the lawyer almost as ona of her family, andat baa been pleasing to her that ho was also in charge of the affairs of tba Castlemsine eotatc?, and highly regarded by her husband. ' ' ' Scarcely had the two ladfea entered Sydney G«dens,tj9hen they were joined by Ooleiiel ' L;ddoi, who met them, cryicg joyously : : '' This is an unexpected pleasure.' ? 'J It certainly U unexpected;' said Gertrnde, as she gave him her. hand.. ' I am on a eadden summons from my nSothcr. As I said before, you jpett us as if yon were inspired by . a tell-tale hlld or a familiar spirit, Which is it?- . ? .. ' If we were either, the genius should have my deepeec gratitude, caid Colonel 1-nnoi, with a glance at Isabel, unseen by Gartrodo. -'' And, pray, when did jon come?' asked lEabel, calmly. .':?'? -. ; 'Dij before yeaterday.- I heard that an Void friend,' a mejor of, my regiment, was here eick. ? ?There ia a strong' fraternal feeling among.^oifioeru, yonsktiow, anS I came here directly I IefMiioy'Craven'« 1 tableaux. Very . chirming, TVfxo .tbay; not? . I reo≪ them 'with joy. I nevef law anything so beautiful. We tad poetry, painting,' and senlpturealt :together4-a Una Eoul-feast. I shall reoall it Jm;.. -distant. 'wilds and janglea or deserts, -many^B time; doubtless. The flower ehow here is just opening, and is said to have-Bome yery remsikablfi orohide;^ Will yon visit it?' .; They lingered among the flowers until t«elve,'Bnd Colonel Lsnnox esoorted them to Lidy Craven's door. Both Isabel and Gertrude refrained from mentioning whom they had. mek. . . ' lleanwhilfl Colonel Lennox returned to his hotel and his friend. - He bad, in fact, known . for some time that a disreputable old major of hia acquaintance fwas trying, with Bath water, to restore a system destroyed by brandy, but ha had co idea of visiting him until ho found that lie could make him a good excuse for his appearance in Bath. ' And how have you epent the morning ?' -sftkod the major. ~ V Host charmingly. I met Uisa Isabel Hy_de,: a brunette,' who drove. London sooiety quite wild two seasons, eince, and yetTeigns 'in. maiden meditation, fancy, free.'1 And, SIso.Xkdy Gertrude, who crowned her first teason-by marrying the. Earl, of Oaatle maino.*'! .? . ^ ? -? ?? ? ' 'I I know,' said the major, eagerly ; ' a 'greai beanty, and a tremendoaa fortune. Her 'mother enjoya the inoome from the estate, but the- entire property of her' father will revert; to the daughter;- Ah! Castlemaine' ? waB-in'rare laok always. He bad all that lorlnno conld give him in bis own beha.lf,8nd geta what the Frenoh oallan enonnona'dot : with hia wife He'll have it all.'J ?iJ-||* 'Not if he happens to die be|orelui')nother 'Not much likelihood; a young fellow m&de; of iron, ana moral as a prior.' »Or if he should happen to— get divorced,' Eaid Iicnnox, 'before his mother-in-law died. In that case the lady would inherU, in her o;n bsbal/.' - ' J ?' ifivorced I' cried the major, wMj a roar of laughter. ' You-don't eeem ta know that that was a. love match, and that Lady Castle maine, as Uias Craven and aa Lady Castle niaiue. is a true model of propriety. Tho ?Saow Queen— tho 'White Boser Uiey say.' ' No doubt— no doubt ; but modern society issoquserly constituted, and social life has now so many fantastio ' ways, one never - knows what m%r happen.' ' Kipecially when ench men as yoa are let loose on society, L;nnox,'. Baid the major, eEeeriogly.. ? - 'I am. not -numbered among the Castle mains eet/^said tho colonel, coldly, changing the conversation. Lord Castlemaine returned home to find his wife and Isabel absent ; and the cold note of Gertrude, containing the letter of her mother, explained the ahsence, but did not comfort his heart. Going to dina.at hia club, he heard Colonel Lennox mentioned, with the news that he had gono to lonrich, and, also, tbat his reuiment might, at any instant be ordered to Egypt. Lord Cittlemaine felt tempted to foment wara ' and diEOOEps abroad, so that by the wf.hdrawcl of a dangerous element ha might have peace at booie. N Gertrude returned at the time appointed, and there seemed a truce to domestic strife. The breach was sadly ^ide; tho coldness be tween the married pair was evident enough to put Isabel, who pretended to ignore it, in the highest spirits. There were no more looks of tender love, eager confidences, true, heart felt compliment 1; cich heart was wounded; each one felt the other the most to blame, and neither proud heart would bond to. blame itself. ' ' .: . In another month they would go to. Neath for a rest, after tbo excitement oftba season. To that Lord Castlcmaino secretly looked for ward. Ha would have bis wife to himself, and mutual explanations and mutual forgive ness might follow. He did not wish even Isabel . invited to aocompany them. . Lady Gordon gave a garden party. Her gardflD-partica were considered tho very crown, ing f sstivities of the season— tba lovely grounds b^cime a true arcadia. I;ab2l was charming la pick sad patted tulle; but what was babel In comparison with the beantifal lady Castlemaine, in a drers of the faintest (bade of bine, trimmed with white water-lily bods in her g -Hen bair, water-lilies half open about h^r fnowy shoulders tbat out gleamed the flower., water-lilies showing thtlr fragrant heart* of gold, drooping from her diinty w*U«, along the shimmering fold* to Lord Gastlemafae'i heart grew retr tender to bo ronob beauty. They bad been together [ then Mendt bad called sMbonosway. Bud-. oVinly Lord C«s« Jero»!n« met the two friend, wbom be bad averbeard talking In the dob. bouse, end the ilgbt oUtbcm always re minded Win of the colpablo eareleisneM of He turned to find hli wife. He went here and there. Finally be «w ber. Evergreen; farmed a circle around a fountain. In that teoiuslon »nd coolnee*, he beard bu wifei ,^t tenet mlngllnawltb tb.pla.hof waUre. Bbo rat on the marble b.«ln of ib« loontoto, «nd wm Uly Ooatlng In tbe water ? Uly »be held In ber own white band. She wa» look. toBBBVBi ob»Ml'« *M- '-m» one, who bent ortr^rwHnoTident admiration In every Une of bli Iac4* ? - '- ? fhti m»n was Colonel Ljnnox, ? :- ';?;'? ' ? . ? ; oriirriiB xxxviiL ?i c'nww or fin- ' ? , When r-«4 CpnUomalo^MW the pair by tb#foant»In, be ww wild *»»-»'«* »X That «ny man *bo»I4d#r« lookjon W» wife -with ia«b WflrlPg »dmlr»tl-m I Tbe fact wai, thit aTttrai* ba4 become aeoostomel to OolwM Ltn»w'« «4prl'«. panloiiito saw, KirelyMn.lderM^ «^U way ol fook )n«,'wlthW«(ii'W«rInBwbitltniean», t Mifttoi iBVOlM wm to »prinB Iorw»r4) MlMbta wHeVb»n4,; and 1ea4 bw »wjy :„, tnm tw vtimv*** **»/ *«'' L?,n' m ,*mn fwnvBBeUW I JDol fcw4 Oa»tl«; 5of V wpreMlon! ieeorpm. tbew wer» hl» ear (e*t bwoM. &«bwk-4 Wrow) a mominl ^TAb&w; 'noVniw ««Bh to and they directed their istepa towards the con servatory. ? Lord Castlemaine understood it all. The conduct of his wife was giving rise to com ment and suspicion ; Lady Gordon bad inter vened to savo the imprudent Gertrude from ber own tolly ; tha fatherly bid' dufco was quietly defending Lady Cutlemaiae from a dangerous man; - . : Badolph's heait burned hotly, His wife in this terrible position I But he must control himself; they were near him. The eyes of husband and wife met. Hia flamed indigna tion; hers shot defiance Possibly the Rood ' duka saw tbess signals of warfare, and so threw himself into the breach. *' Ab, CaBtlcmaine 1' he cried, ' your wife baa honored me by going with me to eee Lady Gordon's famous rhododendron ; it took the priza at tha show in Russell Square last week ; therefore, it is tho finest rhododendron in London, in England, in all the world; and .we go to pay our homage to it. I do not wish to resign my fair partner ; age is now graced by beauty.. Will yoa come with us, or are you satisfied with the oo-npany Bheiain?' Lord Castlemaine bowed low.. 'My wife conld not be in better company than she is in now.' . Gertrude understood him. He had seen ber with Lennox. The hand on the'duko's arm trembled a little, and her bosom heaved quickly. She wished that Bhe were alona, that she might burst. into angry tears. She was, thep, watched,- spied, condemned I There would follow fnrtheVecenes of angry crimination and ' recrimination. Gertrude did not lova quarrelling. Siie preferred pease, bat* paaoa in whioh she might have ber own way. Either than yield to injustice, to in dignities, to arbitrary rules, she would quarrel to the bitter end. ' Probably a beautiful rhododendron was never looked on with more wandering and less admiring eyes. Lard Castlemaine with drew from the frequented walks ; he could not bear to meet anyone. He took a secluded seat, and gave himself up to bitter thought. Every wind-stirred leaf, every chirping bird, every humming insect seemed cchoeing con-' demnations of tha folly of Gertrude. What hope was there for ona headstrong against oounsel, lenient to vice, careless of ner own dignity? He did not know that only the -first of these charges held good against Ger trude. L»dy Gordon cama and placed, herself at his side ; Bhe laid ber hand on his arm. ' '.'. ' You look sad, my friend ?' 1 Lord Ciatlemiina knew tbat shehadsome ' thing to say, and if this subject must bo opened, better with an old friend like Lady Gordon, a woman of goji juJgJiiut, ujsu with any other. . ' I am sad,' he Baid. ' I am bitterly dis . appointed, moch perplexed.' 'The task of guiding a beautiful wife, so young as yours, through the quicksands of modem society is not an easy one,' said Lsdy Gordon. 'Ion mast remember that what makes it' bo hard is the very thing wa most admire. Innocence, incapable of wrong doing, ignorant even of what wrong is ; sim plicity and frankness that conceal nothing — these make Gertrude's aanger.' 'To think that 1*1/ wife oouia be m dangerl': ',.-.' 'Not in danger of any wrongdoing, ba Iieva me, bii^.of oritioistn and slanderous tongues. Ton should warn her against Colonel Lennox. Ha U paying her very; pointed attention, and bog does not know it . ' I hava warned her in the strictest manner,, over and over.' .' ' It is a groat pity,' Baid Lidy Irordon, 'that modern society admits freely men whose slightest attentions are dangerous to our innocent young matrons and maidens. All euoh evildoers should ba banished; but they ara not, and no one of n aa is brave enough to bagin a jjat system-of blaokball ing-'' ' . . ? - ' '. 'Then, as snoh men cannot be banished, the only thing that remains ia ,to taka the unfortunate women that they venture to admire out of their way.' 'I think that is the best plan. By tie' next season he will no doubt be gone, and she will have giined experience.' 'I have thought of going at onoe to Neath.' , ? . ' ' I should do so. . I have paafcd these idle binta unheeded, aa nothing' ; though I did think it a littlo reeklesa of Gartruda to. ask a man like Lennox to a garden iauoheon. I have heard, too, that he bar-said ha should give a dinner at Greenwich, and hoped that Lidy Castlemaine would honor him by pre siding. Eat when I heard that ho followed ber to Bith, it really seemed to ma to bo going too far.' ... 'To Bath 1' faltered Lord Gastlemaine, his heart growing cold. , » '?,?_? ' A friend of mine wrote that he saw GertrudS and Isabel in the Sydney Gardens with Colonel Lennox. I thought as tbe news bad so coma to ms.it might equally have reaohed others, and last idle' tongues should begin to talk, when I found he had wandered off alone with ber, I want' and took bun away.' ? . ' x tbank you.' . L -? But the tone of these wordr^nsdo Lady Gordon tremble. / \ . 'I bog your pardon, my friond,' she said, ' remember that in such a oase great gentle ness is needed aa groat firmness. I asture. yoa,' your wife i» as pure and simple as a child. You muit be 'tender. I should barn bad my son rained, if to great firmness, I bad not known bow to add patience and tender ness.' ? ? , ? ? 'All do not possess those gracious quail, tlei,' eaid Lord Castlemaine. ' They mnit nultivata them. ; Thoy aro Indispensable. Yoa mast seek them, my friend. Yoa will repent all harshness. Be gentle. Bimomber, alto, 'that every good and perfect gift is from above, and oometh down from the Father of light.'' . ? Pressing Lord Outlomaine'a band, Lady Gordon moved off among ber guest*. Lord and Lidy Caallemaine were tba first to take leave. : 'I do not with to go,'- f aid Gertrnde, pettiibly, ' I am enjoying myself. .Isabel ii aot reaay. - fiend tba earrisge baok for oi,' ' Isabel oan be ltft under tbe obaperonsge ol b« aunt, I dealre (h»» yon will aooompany bjo«t oaoa,' '. ' . . - . ?Ndt a word wis anoken on the .way borne. . Arrived ai b,ome, to W OaatUmitiner said : ?lO«trude,.*lllVyoalripdly eome to tbe library 7 HjrUD to epeik with you.' 'faannor.; ttta-tlttd; I mail go and change. m/dreM','-'-*' '?'?' 'That can wait. I Inilit npon yon jomlog, to bo«r what I bare to »»y.' With ? banghtyitepOertrodt entered tbe library, and threw berwlf lato » abalr, '?W«ll?''»be»ald,»barply. 'Oeiituio, yon bava not regardei mj ?Ubeo about Colonel Lonnoi.' , ?? I treat Colonel Linnox loit at I trett otheri. H«;Uootbingt()me/' . ii! I do not wl«b him treated a- otben, Ho (1 onwortby ol M.' 'I oaoool make ro;iel( abiurd byraila. (Ion) o| oonduot, as II I thought any Rcquain* tonoe wm ol any oonitqtieDoe.' ' . ' You eool4«B»r4iny wWwe II you woull Df negleodng tbeoi you art making younell tbe lubjMt of ineplolon and of:|oa'moil ii»a7L»4y Oor4on w«r« to-4ay qbUge4 lo ffl«k«'«vl4n)l cflvrt to nve rn» wlls. from fcandiU and m* tttm dl»»r«» r .;.-?.? ? ,. aortrodi flo»l»»4 e»lm»onv ! ' , , ? ?? WHai da »o m«an,|' abji oiUd, M I oan nks «»m «l mjtiltl Who darn #pe»k hanW/pldWf'l : ' A ' ?-I,-'!''- ??' ? -?? Vwjr mm wtoM tonguw, »n4 you in i9or4to»«»to» Hiut. ?-m -wii-no mwo wpttlf of twlnfwro 0! jom-ioil th»o ? «bi!4 m-«» «l w mmtj. I tboppbt m *-'? — you are not. You have deceived me. .'on met Colonel Lennox at Bath.' \ ' I know I did 1' cried Gertrude, ' just as I might meet others. I did not know ha was there; he went before I aid. Isabel and I ' met him by chance at the gardens, and ba walked to my mother's door with us.' (Hha refrained from mentioning other meetinga at Bith ; why add fuel to tbe flame ?) ' How dare you say I deceived you ? Do you not know that I scorn a lie and all deceit ? I tell yon it was mere accident, that meeting.'. 'Sines you Bay so I believe il, on your ? part, but not on hi?. It was no aooidenl his being invited here to_ lunch.' ? ' I did not mean to do that,' said Gertrude. ' It was an aosident in a way. But why should I not invite him? He is a man that 1 like. Other people liko him, and invite him ; why should your jealous ill-temper put a constraint on my most innocent sctB ? ' 'I am appalled at you, I blush for youl ' cried Lord Castlemaine. ' Colonel Lennox is a man of bad character and bad life ; will you not believe what I say to you, again and again?' ? ? . ? 'I believe that you believe, but I do not believe it is so. Prejudice has blinded yoa. I see other people receiving and approving him ; I see the queen honoring him ; I hear him exprera the noblest Bentiments; I know that ha ia a hero; I ? '. a- '-. ' Enough 1' cried Lord. Castlemaine, in lariated. 'I would not have believed that you could think or say suoh things. We go to Neath to-morrow morning. I will Bava ?my honor. Will you give orders* to Fanny to pack your wardrobe at ones? ' 'No, I will not I' cried Gertrude. 'I will not be dragg-:d off like a' criminal ; I will not ba shut op liko a maniac. 1 have engagements to the close of the season. Isabel has been . invited to remain with us, and we cannot close our doors to her. You will make me the talk of Booiety.' . ' You ara fast making yourself that,' Baid Lord Castlemaine, angrily. ' If you will not give the order to your maid, I mnit ; for wa shall leave in tho ten o'clock train tomor row. Aa for Miss Hyde, she can go to her aunt, or ask an invitation from Lady Gordon. Lady Gordon, at least, will understand why we go.' ' ? . . 'If my mother wera here I. would go' to her, and free you_ of responsibility for me,' cried Gertrude. ?' * -? ' Husbands cannot be freed from responsi bility in snoh a way/' said Lord Castlemaine, ' I should not allow yon to stay in, London. It is my duty to remove yon from scenes of temptation and danger, in which yon evi dently do not know how' to guide yourself. Will you give your order to Fanny 7 ' ' Deoidadly I will not:' Lord Castlemaine - rang the bell for the butler. ' Bobert; yon will send a pa'ga.with a tele gram to Nsath, BBving'that wa leave for there in the ten train to-morroi?, and frill1 remain there for the rest of the summer. Tfou will arrange with the housekeeper ior 61qsing this house for. the season at. once:' Order my man to paok all my.things immediately for leav ing ; and take for Lady Castlemaine an order to Fanny to pack herjady's wardrobe for im mediate departure, and have all ready for tha ? morning train, if. Bhe has to work all night. We will have no delays.' '?. The butler-bowed. Ha waa too discreet to look at hia lady ; bHt ahe was standing in apparent indifference, looking out into the garden. Whin tbo batler had gone aha turned to leave the room. . ? ' 'la therb. anything else you wish, Ger .'.truda ? ' saidLord Castlemaiue, in an unfortu nate attempt to carry out tiady Gordon's pro gramme cf gentleness.' ' I wish nothing,' Baid Gertrude, with pas sion, ' except that I had never seen you. You have disappointed me. Yon are not as I thought you. You are my enemy. You are cruel and delight in making ma wretched. I wish I had retained my freedom. You take pleasure in showing me that I am no batter than your clave. At least a slave can exercise the right .of hating tha chain I ' . She ltfi tho room with thesa worts. She was awept away in a frenzy, of pastiori. In all her.life she had been petted and indulged, and if her mother had desired ber to pnrtue any especial tourse, it had been craftily arranged bo a3 to eeem dictated by herself. Hera was the. first instance of reproach, of correction, of condemnation that she had ever known. And she had been attacked in a point where Bhe felt hereelf so innocent, ir abova' all ohalleDga. Had Bhe not always rebuffed the compliments of the oolonel ? Had he Ever been asked to her homo cicfptto that one tea, nnd to that fatal lnnch, when. Isabel really had invited him ? Had tha not always loved and admired her huBband, and had ahe ever in the slightest- thought of her heart given him oause for jealousy 1 And now she was to be made the puppet of bis jealousy, toy of tbe Castlemaine temper I ' She hurried to her boudoir and locked her self in, without stopping to take off her festal splendor*, where tho water- lilies wera already drooping and fading over the eheen of the ?ilk. OHAPTEB XXXIX. ' - HO HOSIE WHE11E ITEABT IS NOT. Night brings oounsel. When first Gertrude went to ber room abe was reiolving.cn a thousand wild and futile sohemes. She .would tond a telegram to her mother and make her eome quickly and open ber own 'house in Tortman Bquare, and take her daughter 'home. But she knew that Lady 'Craven. would not do that. Lady Craven abhorred' ican dais, of all things. She would not. be a paity to her daughter breaking up ' ber married, life and borne. Lady Craven's fall. ambition hid been satisfied when she ' made her daughter a eounte»,and the would 'ocmafder. it a very email thing to aaerifioo an 'acquaintance, and a little self-will, for tbe take of tbo coronet and tbo splendid position of the Oaallemaines. Then Gertrnlq wished '?he might run away and lose herself to every pne whom ibo bad known. Bhe bad read of .people 'who lived quietly in littlo, unknown ' lodging*,' and went and came aa they chose, who bad no one to molest them, and lived In bumble peace. Sho recalled the pitiful word) of Anna Boleyn : ' ' Z ewear '(!? betlrr to be lowly bora, And range with bumble loveri in oontenl, Than to M perked up la a gllttenlng grief, And wear a golden sorrow.' - Fo» more than two boon Gertrude punutd in all iti raaiei thli dream ol disappearance and a lowly life, Poverty aba baa never known, even far off, and It bad no tenon lor ber. Itwaaavlilon and a plan that after, ward proved uttotly disastrous to her, Fann y was buiy In tbo adjoining rooms, making ready lor tbe dopartnre. Gertrnde finally oompoied her appearance, and called tbe girl to aid ber In changing her drerf. Hbs would girt riie to no . aurraUce and Impertinent dlaouailoni among acrv&nta;, and II ebe finally oonoludnd on any plan, abo rauit be calm |n4 atrong to carry It oat, Ai dimur- tlm« «b« : went down, cold m4 aUWJi bat hor huaban4 ha4 loll word. th»» bo should dine at hla dob. Isabel oarae inning In, all alert, . ??Oertrndtl why old ;oa leavo 10 Milj? WewronlUf ? ' ;? ? - ,,1 ;? Mo— qulta tbo oonbwry— Ilu4olpb whb^« f V Waal » phy. It wu inch ? delljb-lol PMly, I made quit* a oonouwt ol ao''Dl4. In4(»n nabob-ba bad two. mwrlod to ?» bsgqm with no jn4-ol Ueaaurei, and ibe AM: ni b» poMW»s4 ill. Jll Itlt qnlu ran b; would follow 10 Undibla an examplt, I wonl4 poulbly lako bl« oamo lor ? lltifo wblUv to bin bfr nvm (o» ? Jena wblle,^ 8aJlQ«T''' trail, wbr m jrw w pfli i»4, dniH Ten are ill; and I seem to bear the stir ol preparation in tbe bouse— tba breaking up of a camp. What does it mean ? ' j 'It means,' said Gertrude, with repressed passion, 'that Lord Castlemaine. sees fit to break up here, without warning, and order the household down to Neath to-morrow morning. I am very sorry for you, babel. It is most disgraceful of as to incommode yoa in this way. - Yoa do not wish to go home until the dope of the season. You will not want to go to L\dy Cresson.' ? = ? 'My dearest I I am disturbed, not on my account but youn. I can go to Miss AUerton she has asked me repeatedly, and I am to be ber first bridescnaid yoa know, as I wasyoarp. It is unlucky for a girl to ba fitst brides maid often ; she ia never bride.' ' So much the better for ber 1' cried Ger trude with emotion. ' My dearest I' saidlsabel, taking her hand, and caressing it. ' I am so Rrievcd for yoa. I understand this. It ia Castlemaina pride, and Castlemaine jealousy. But the method is mEdiroval.t I; had no idea this Lord Castlemaine would follow the example of bis ancestors.' ~ ? . ' What example do yoa mean ?'' , 'Why, do yon not know? Ara yoa so little read in tho traditions of your ancient family.' 'It is not my family. I believe I bate antiquity and pedigree.' ' So do I, always except in tbe directions of old lace and hereditary jewels. But tbe instances ore these. Charles II. looked approvingly at a Lady Castlemaine — not tbat she ever saw the lock— but the lord and master promptly carried her off' to Neatb, and there garrisoned himself with her in safety, till the period of their joint lives. Another Lady Cistlomaine, of a musical taste, admired a baritone or a basso, or some other light of tbe opera, quite harmlessly, you know, as we would admire a good organ at pcs3.bly a mosio-box, and ehe abo was swept off tb Neatb, and she never came baok. For her no, more opera,' or theatre, or ball, or garden party, or high tea, or^tableaux I Poor eoul, she might better have died and done with it? Why did she not. take a dose of poison, or an ' aspic,' like Cleopatra,' 'If either of thsm bad any sense, when they were tired of captivity, they might have inn away acd hidden themselves.' 'There were no railroads in those days, nor steam vessels to the Continent, or to the other side of tha world. JI7 dear Gertrude, . it yon mean to resort to such desperate measures, lay by you a noble store of pin money and jewels, for in this aga even a heroine cannot live without cash.' Dinner was served. In the centre of the table stood a splendid basket of white lilacs ; thiirpeifume filled all the room. ' White lilacs bo late in tho season 1' oried Isabel, and running to the table, Bhe bent over, drew the ocntre-piece to her, and buried ber face in tha Bnowy, fragrant mass. 'Flowers I flowers I' aha whispered, 'you are my witnesses. Am I not keeping my vow ? A little longer, and all will ba done I' . Shortly after dinner Geitrnde excused her ' self to Isabel and went to her room. A little 'later Lord Castlemaine came' in, and finding Isabel in tha drawing-room, explained as well aa he could the sudden departure. ' Pray don't speak of it. I think yon are very wibs. You are doing just right. I will po to .Miss AUerton. I have sent her, a note. Oh, I envy Gertrude going down to that lovely home, so Bate, so sweet, so noble I Nothing to do but be good and happy. Ah, If I had a home like Neath, I think I should ask no thing better than to live there all the time ; doing good to my tenantry ; making the coun try hotter and happier,^ and upbulding the glory of an illustrious historic name/' Night brought counsel'/'Gartrudaeawplainly that her own dignity rrqaired that she should go quietly to Neath. Ii she made any esoa pade3, it muBt be when driven to greater ex tremes. 'As for Lord Castlemaino, hia heart had grown apathetio with excess of his musing. He did not know that he was misjudging his young wife. Tho lovely fabric of hia hope and affection seemed to have fallen in ruins about him. The f nture was hopeless— the pre sent was pain. ; Lord and L\dy Cjstlemaino hreakfuted alone in utter silence. \ . . In silenoa they entered the carriage to go to the station —in silenoe they made tha journey to Neatb, in the reserved, first- class car. It was only about a year sinca, full of joy and Lope, G-.itrude had gone to her new homo after her bridal tour. Then time was all to short for the overflowing words of affec tion bstween the married lovers. ' Now all was gloom and silence. Gortindo fixed her eaze upon the landBeapa— it was beautiful Kent, with its low, green hill*, ita cathedrals, its villages, its thatched cottages. Lord Castle maine read the London Ti'uvi. . Intensely truthful and honourable, Ger trude was wounded in her tenderest eensibi ties by the suspicions and accusations of her husband. One of ber traits was obstinacy, and in this Bhe shut herself up. She would never yield ;Budolph mu«t come to sea tbit hehadwiongad her, and must make the hum blest apologies. She did not know tbat ahe could forgive him oven then. V On his part. Lord Castlemaine, beholding her anger- and gloom, attributed it to her interest in Oolonel Lennox, and distress at being parted from him. He could not have mado'a greater mistake. All the joy of a return to bia aneestral home, whioh he deeply loved, was taken bom. Lord Castlomalne. - - Gertrude regarded Neath aa a prison,, and hated It oordially. A divided life now began between this ill ?fated pair. Very often Gertrude did not eome to breakfast. If she did, sbe met her husband with » oold nod, and tbe two read their totters and their newspapers as they sipped tbelr tea and ate tbeir eggs and toast. After breakfast Lord OaaUomaine busied himself with the cares ol a great eatate ; he wrote, and saw his steward in tha library ; ba took long rldea to examine different farms, or visited cottages that wore In naedot repairs, or aohoolhouaea whioh should be Improved. . A year before, all plane, all iatenttf baa been diiouusd with Gertrade. Baa bad gone with blm on horeebaok to tba farms ; abe bad enchanted all the tenant! with her eonrteay j the bad called at tba eohool-houeee 1 and laaolnated the old baohelor rector In th« no tary, ao4 vlalted the cotligw, Mattering jtfU wllhabountilulhand. ? '.*_ - Tbo two mot at dinner, bat neither atkea the other bow the day had. been tpent r there, were no Animated, dlionailone. , Gertrude, did not tell Hadolph 0! the young morhn whom abo bad found weening over ber dead babe, nor of the and widow whom aba bad own lortedi nor did Rudolph a»k Gtrtrude for a woddiog iroiwMu lor the aamtkeeper'inleee,. or (or a ohriileulng rob* for a baby on tome larm near He4mou. ????., Alter dinner, Lord OMtlemalno wad alono In all library, or rooked bla olgar at he mo-4 tba torraoe. L»dT Outloaalna walk»4 alone in tbo gardens, or. eat with, lorno Idle knllUng In her hkn4«, or i»t jSowo^lo ha» piano, whiob BB9 pointedly left il bir fentband .'SSSS Uf.M'»»«»'il a«iliii(,t»^oiany.« M lrittrwn«illM«-«l«Wen IroiFontbawarm, bndditig iprln'R of joulb; Lord CaiUemalao hni1 »b;o; wllrt ol BOoopMIon, Jot be wji )v4lor4.s*Pvr»aH»»4 bMatoMowart hia '47p«naMi. - GortfvlW'b^t two hoimi ol ?routl, obi wm Waj walk*; and hWM 0! wan. darlos In tbowWo and biwUlo) groaodi pi «|»)hl Abb»jr, .»bo» :iha 'Iooo4 ?,no,l only teMagarfana.ahavon tawnij ntrlii 4tUoatel/ ?kind olaU ondergrowtbrhttl wild itnant,' ^k» W9»| rti in, whm lot boon ibf would hear no step save ber own. Bhe be came accustomed to these lonely rambles,; and her servants became accustomed to seeing her go for hours unaccompanied, ta wander ; ia the abbey parka. - ? The year before sbe had been deeply inter- ; ested in the tenantry, upsoially the poorer: class. Her unbounded' generosity foccd scope among these,- who looked up to her ss a visible Providence. The large sum which she received as ' pin-money' from her hur band, and that other large earn, whioh Lady Craven relieved ber mind by reenlarly remit ting to her heiress daughter, enabled her to i supply every want that came to her know ledge. ? ' ' The housekeeper, mindful of her lady's 1 disposition, as soon as she returned to tbe: abbey, laid before her all oases of need— tbis ono sick, that old dame gone blind, the' mother whose children needed to be fitted out for school, the baby that must have clothing, tha lama boy that wanted a wheel chair, tha young girl that should learn a trade. Gertrude was too generous to turn a deaf ear to any of thesa pleas, and in them Bhe found some relief for her sorrows. ? In. her hours of lonely' musing as she rest lessly wandered alone?Bhe tried to form some plan for her future. This life would become unendurable; she would go mad. After a while ehe would insist on going to her mother at Eistdale Park, in Sussex, her own future estate. :-''..., \- Meanwhile, not knowing what- might happen, aha recalled Isabel's advice about money, and weekly put a sum into a locked casket in her boudoir. She never counted it Co sea how much she bad, bat the very fact' : Of this saving caused her mind often to revert to that plan of flight, of losing herself to all who had ever known her, and pursuing life in her own way. Sbe felt sure that Rudolph, if he had ever loved her, had now changed love to hate, and she never considered that disappearance would orush her mother's hap.; .; pinesa^. She supposed that society would consol3?ner mother for anything.. She did not yet know a mother's heart.; . *';?'?-' V .' ? One evening, aa Lord Castlenlaino 'was; returning to the abbey, his sdut full . of ' bitter -pain over hia lost lova and blighted home, he. saw a young carpenter of the village nearmg his own village. This young fellow had been married two or three months- before the earl, ; who had given him a splendid' set of tools as ? a bridal gif t. Now this young workman was . going home with eager face and long, swing ing strides ; and now, from hia door came out the young wife, joy in her pretty face, a little infant in ' a gown of sprinkled pink' lying on her arm, and went to meet her husband, whom the greeted with a kiss. The young fellow kissed, also, his babe, whom be regarded with evident pride and astonishment at. its beauty and brightness ; then taking his wife's hand, they walked home, the mingled sound of their happy voices ooming dearly to the earl on the evening air, and sending arrows of anguish through bis soul. ' When he lilted his head again he was passing tho window of a cottage, and there within, sat Gertrade, in her. whita dress of Indir mull, and her clutters of roses, and on ber lap lay the cottager's babj in ita white -christening robe. How lovely was Gditrude ; what sweetness in her face, bent above tbe little babe. The p:c!are pursued her hqsbani} and filled his dreams through all the night. '. ' ? CHAPTER XL, ? ' ' k TESDKR FIAST. 'Gertrude,' Baid Lord' Castlemaine the next morning, laying down' his paper when the servant had left the breatfast-roooi, 'can you not try and be a little happier here ? 1'ju have lost all your gay spirits; I 'think you are a little pale, and you are- lUtless and sad Cm you not cast away all that is unpleasant in the past, and be happy ?' 'No, Ioannotl' said Gertrnde, sharply. ' And why not, Gertrude ?' . - 'Bmiubo I have nothing to be happy about.' ' It Beema to me, on the contrary, that you ara one whom all can envy ; health, youth, . oeauty, fortune, position, home ? ' ' ' Prison, ybu mean,' interrupted Gertrude. ' You can fasten birds up in a cage, but you sarinot make them Bing there.' ' I am sorry if my home— it Neath Abbey, is a prison to you.'- ' I hate Neath Abbey I' cried Gertrnde hotly. . ' . 11 Can I take yon anywhere where you will ba happier. Wi'.l yoa go to Switzerland?. Or Bhall I lake yoa to oar- shooting lodge, np in the Highlanda. You m»y liks tha scenery there.' ' I do not wish to ba tiken anywhere. It is the taking that I object to. You apeak as if I were an infant or an idiot, and a? a married woman I suppose legally I am the latter.' 'Gertrnde, you enrprfee me I Why do yoa oherish thtsc feelings toward me.' . ' Because you have given ma the bittorest occasion. You took ma away from London against my will, and aa i( I were a criminal I Everyone is wondering and talking. Ajnea Scourton wrote me that there a thousand wonders over it, and Isabel Bays aba is weary: of antworing questions about Lady Castle-' maine. You have disgraced me. and deliber ately ruined my life. '.You taojd not haw been more crneL .Yoa -ssjd'occa- that you oouldba cruel to one yon fondly loved. ] must take the cruelly. then «s. a proof that once you loved me, thonghit is a poor proof, and I would rather bava less love and lesa hale.' ' Believe me, Gertrnde, I have loved you, 1 do love yoa with all my heart-'-wllh the wholi strength of py nature,,' ' ' ; ? ' And yon prove It by making, me miser able^-eauselosaly miserable I I wish none of snob, love.' ' Tbe servant's return prevented farther talk, and Gertrude hastened to bor room to avoid oontinuance of the conversation. Lord Oastlemaino told himself that this was the wilfalness of a blgb-t«mpered girl, who was unused to -any inteifarenoe. Bj degrees the exoitement and paaaion ot bei leaving London would be a thing of tbapaet. and they would be reconciled. Ho had hoped that there being alone would draw them nearer together, ami restore mutual confidence. It seemed to put tbim farther aiunder. A third puty would.' mike It needful for them to speak more together, and bo man aordtai ihan now. ' Be would rcqaeat Gertrude to invite friends. As for'Gertrudo, ibe-'ahort oooveruUon in which tha had eo Illy met her hnsband'* paelflo adranees arouawj to fresh heat all her anger. As aha had said, ahe nourished an ia len»e.hate of Neath. Sbe bated the family relics, the armorial bearing*, all that bwpoke tha antiquity ot tbo line. She told henelt that It wai pride ol pedigree that made Kadqlph so exacting s ha feltlhat he could dominate her boo&uie; ' his family wai batter than hers.' lie had a»ld eo. Wnal'an Iniultl 01 all thlngi she hated the picture-gallery with the family portraits J she hated lbeMdarktproud, ?ell wnfident lords, every on* looking aa if he orie4, ' Oaatlemalno agalnsl the world I ' ' It Is last the story at tho old French dear ? pat into Eogllah I ' orled Gsrtrade to htrsol(, ; 'ThsrtU Ibo nope, and there. J«4no king, but lamaOtsjlcmalnol' .'--; .' . ? .??. ?*% Datof ajltbrnaiahahawathe portralta ot \be t»4ieF0ntbunaIna-thos» mild, deUsaio. fMtatsd, week L»41ss Oastlemalne, .Samtfof tbo earllir on« possibly had hardly knew bow to read, Mtny ol thcm.for tol» keoampllah. msnle pUrlog on the »p!ne», and working on tb* tamboar-rrams 1 bat thoy had all known how to obey,' and it wu ibis tamlnln* m»ek Ban an4 wtaknui tbat had rulnod tbo «ul« ol OaatlsmaUe, ? - a - '? ? : -? WoU. at lut thsro should bo a Lady Casllo, malnowba would hol4h« own ud fight to, «-»4«lBH/. 'i;'v-.:'. :;;:';A:^V;. ''. 1, ' I wish,' she cried to them in her- 1017, ' tbat yon would all coma, alive out -of your frames jUBt one minute, to hear what idiots I think you, and let you know that I ram a higher spirit than you. It would ba worth something even to disgrace the namo ot sush a weak-minded line of countesses, not 0U3 ot yoa able to claim your own. soul for' your own!' ' j Gertrude'a state of exoitement was such that she did not sea the absurdity ot this ont burst to the family portraits. Sha w.vj in' a singularly ^xcitej nervous state which eha did not realize and the true cause ot which sha did not guess. : Unfortunately, the only reason that! Lord Castiemaine could assign for hia wife's cos tinned anger and obstinaoy was tbe lingering regret for Colonel Lennox. Hi wm ot an in tensely jealous disposition, ead he haxi heard people Bay that Colonel Lrauox fras a man singularly f&soisating; to mest women, and ablo to exeroisa ora them the moat unbounded influence. The idea that Colonel Lennox had dared to follow his wife to Bith I Evan though he accepted Gertrude's statement that sho had nothing to do with it, it showed dearly, tbat tha oolonel was sufficiently interested to watoh all her movements, and that ha had, felt con fident of a good recaption at her hands. S jill, ? Girtrade was his wifa ; ho lovod her well. Things might go baok to nearly the old tender footing, if she would lay' aside har pique and treat him S3 in happy daj-e. She wasgnilty only of.hsedlessness, the folly of innoaooceandlnex- : ?perience. He must close up tha breach between i them at all hazard. .: ' ??.'? ', i ' . Gartrodo wa3 sitting in otm ot the long, open windows. of the Neath drawing-room, looking upon ? tha terraco, her hands in her lap, her head leaned back against the crimson ohair-cUahion. Lord Castlemaine eime up be hind her and laid in her lap two heavy bunches of white roses. . , .' See, Gartrude, your oxn flowers I Wa shall grow famous for our roaea sooa. John eon thinks he cm produce a new variety.! tha very, crown of white roses. W« will call it the ' Wnita CasHemaine.-'1 ? . j ? ' Why, yon have no flowers on your dtesa, 'ai' you usually have!'' - I f . '' Howera are for the bappy.' ,';.' | '-, ? ? 'Butlwish you to bahappy, GerlrpJe.'' ?' ?'Yef, in your way; but happiness is not made to order.' '?? \ - s ' At least you cin woar some flowers 1 See,. I will arrange you a cluster for your belt.' Ha b3gon breaking off an combining] the flowers, and then bent to put tho full' cluster ia its place. Gertrnde suffered him to do is, but only as one who condjnep. Waen lie hi* finwhefl1, sbe Mid: . ' ?{ i' 'I don't love flowers as once I did ; thn odor ia too heavy, it overpowers me,' land Bhe pushed the remaining blossoms from her lap. I .- ? ' Gertrnde,' said Lord Castlemaina, ignor ing this. Suppose we have. somo ono invited to the abbey. I am away about the estate's great deal, and you Eeem not to care abnut - horseback riding as you once did ; you ara lonely : why not invite some friends.' ; . ' It ia your home,' said Gertrude, coldly ; ' invite whom you choose.!' | ? I 'Bui I want the company as you choonp,' said Lord Castlemaine. ' It is for jour sake, - : . I was very happy last year, when we wera here alone ; but now I think you need somo one to amuaa yon.' . ' Understand,' said Gertrnde, clearly, II that I will invite no one here.' You havi ' found much fault with my choice of acquaint ances, and have asserted a right to give ma orders as to how I shjtll treat people that I meet. If I shoqld ass: any one, it might chance that yoa were not pleated, and I should expose guests to unpleasantness.'; - ' You have .never found ' me Jacking in ? , courtesy or hospitality. When we agreo ' ' ? upon a guest, you know my house and attcn- .-,'; tion are at their i disposition.'. u I . '? ' When we agree' said GajecuaK ' That . is, I may go to you, and say ; ' Da you ptr mit me to ask such a one? May I mail suoh a friend ? May I speak to 'this one ?' Clearly, then, I make no friends, and give no invitations on such term;.'1 j 'Gertrude, why will you misunderstand me 7 You know I sever, but in one instance, interfered in tho slightest degree with jour ' social life.; And that was whsro inteifcgrnce was imperatively needful, and where I wi-i in a much better position to judge than you were. Colonel Lannox was e very bad man ' ' YeSj a wretched pnrrer.no, lacking, ai I do, eome fifty known ancestors in a straight line behind him. However, I prefer not to diecuiB Colonel Lennox with you. By your jealousy, in London, you have made ma a mark for envious tongues. We should never agree on that queitian; why continue ? it 1 Among all my (nulls, 1 have ona virtue. I bate all censoriousness and nncharitab'o epeaiing of (boss who arc not at hand to de fend themselves.' I-'-' Sbe rose, and atepped oat on tha balcony. The moon had risen and flooded tbe abbey gardens with silver light. ' -. Johnson, tha-htad gardener, was paasiag a broad walk.' ' Johnson I' cried Lady Castlemaine, ?' yon '^fc .told me that the true time to Eee the American ^ 'Yucca waa by moonlight ; you may now show it to me,' . ?' She ran down the flight of steps and joined „ the gardener, who, ropeclfully stepping a few paces behind her, lcdicited the way to tha new flower, wh!ch was that summer hia chief pride. : \- Siok at heart and restku in soul, Lord Cutlemaina also went down tho Uriace and followed at a distance. Hi3 wifo made him unspeakably miserable, yet ho could net endure to have her out ot his tijht. . . , The fact was, Gertrude had loved Itudolph Caatlemaine with all her heart, as her. first love; but hers was untutore.1, untriod Riil'a heart, and though Iladolph had nsvtr loved before, he was older, and of moro settled and experienced emoticn?, and bia love for hia wife was tar more intense and deeply rooted than hers tor him. ,. ' ' Lidy Castlemaino and her gaxdner turned to a narrow path, and came to the American Yusoa.. It giow alone, in a small circle edged with a olow cat border ot thicVly growing arjilltry pbcatu Within this eirdo ot smoky, . aipja-fleckca*E-een,ro8e the yucca in a basket .. ..^ flvahei infliamaUr ol wide green leaves bent '' j^M back one above tho other, until their sharp ..'--cM points' touches tbe 'earth from which they -'.':v|| grew. ' Out ^r this natural basket shot thoii^a ?halt ot the plant to a height of eight f«t, r^a| and thil than for fully five feet was a toasa-SM| ?of enow-whita bloom— great bells, as it oamtSBE \- ol alabaster; tba lower Hover-stems beiog Jtb^S^E longest, and mo-t heavily laden, until thu^K vbola was a pyramid ot pearl-ahite bta'atg^^K flooded by tbo white light ol the moon, .' ?^^H ' Saw yoa ever the like, my lidy V orM^Bv tho eostatla Johnson. ' I did not wish 70ILta|^Rfl ico it until every flowirbell was open, attiSBL here, it atanda alone under the moon, UkeHsJI^I great white ghost, or a beautlfa] »pW*i^^| white angel of flowers in the midst o! .'Vm^^S garden.1'-- - \ : :.;- ' ;;v^lFo^b1 \--Yoa ara poetio, Johnson,' said jUcb,0 jJSg QatUemalno. !, i. ?'?'?? gs^Scam ' Eb, toy lady ? Well, it is iost a siphtTtVs|m »Ur*a man'a soul. And, my lady, 'tandloaS^B OJok-hcreas I am, I cannot tell joo. htiw^H maoh your ladyship is like Jhe flower. WpBfi iour white gown, my lady, and - with y dor ?J«| Might, standing there so sttl), you ara io»i r?Hl iikotb»jn9«a,inylaay.' ; '' *^| ,' '''Thanka, ior tha oompliment, John8an'.'-£^S ?said l*4jr CasUemaine. 'I wonder il.iti^M years to come, when tho yucca blooms, I sball^^B ootnaberetoseail, and jw wiU: stii thlnk^^B as ltk»tba flower.' '.: ';'.?; «-:4- ^^^'PgMiM . 'May the Lord tend you many jear»i». 'i^3 ?oome.lnto thooardon, my Udy. Bat Irei* ;K*sJ§a jpooa- at l«rf,bero in EnBtana--i»n«f*2;'|^iM glTCo quo nth perfect Mwm uthi: -i^SfeaH 