"DORA DURBAR." AH AUSTRALIAN STORY. "BY r.1 OH M ' CHAPTER IV-fContinued.) " Heigho I what aro wo aoming to ?" I aBk myself, as I softly quit tbo room, " Fred with a lover, and Ag. a secret 1 What next!" In tho hall I encounter via, who beckons mo mysteriously into tho dining-room. " I say, Doll, hero's a pretty kottlo of fish 1 What do you think I'vo been and gono and dono now?" " Stood on tbo chiefs pot corn ?" I essay. "Woreo than that even, I think. Whero is ha by-tho-by ? Is tho aoast olear ?" " Yea, for on hour or so. What have yon dono? " Wait till I toll yon. This morning tho ohlof gave ms a note for . Mr. Cotton, of the Colonial Bank, and, lika the thiokhoad I am, 1 passed the bank and never thought of it, tiu this afternoon, when iour or fiva of as seniors wore oat at ths reservoir, and I wasn't \- going to zoos book foar miles tor .'an old pre/ aoription or acaoant, for I daresay that's what it is. oh . \- "When woworo coming homo, Tom Bart and I got behind the rest, and Tom— he's spoons, yon know, oh Eato Avery, the mining , manager's daughter— -aakedme to do -him a . I 'favor.. Itseemsbewae see to'Eato at tho bazaar to<morrow night, bat it seems that his . governor bos taken a Badden fit in his boad to go to town and tako; Tom with him, and ho wanted me to: take a.hoto for him and givo : it to Kate.'" Tom and I aro groat ohnms, yon know, though ho is .throe years, my sonior, and duxofthosohool, oo I was glad to oblige him. Passing tho bank doming , home I ran in and gave Mr. Cotton the phial's note, as I -. thought, batr— " . . ' " In reality yon gave him Tom's ?" "Yos," ruefully. ' "Oh, this is rich 1'1;I cry, laughing at the idea of Mr. Cotton puzzling over poor Tom's nmorons phrases, "and Kate, I suppose, got' an infallible oare for naaraigia or dyspepsia . in tho ohiei's oaligrapby 1" ' "Noi l saw iher . passing jast. now, and, gatting oat tho lettdr, saw my miatako. Bnt I say,Doll,laavo off grinning like a Cheshire oat, and give mo your advice.!' . v ; > . A ring at tke boll takes mo to tho ball door, bslora I oan answor him. ' - Opening it I con front a broad -Bboalderod, blond -bearded figure, the sight of .whioh wrings from mo tho : delighted ejaculation, "Mr-Cotton I" ' So pleased am I to see bim, that, hardly waiting to rotarn hisgreeting, I ran off for Vio, leaving him standing halt-wondoring, half-amhsed at tbo door.; > - "Vio, Via, dome here I here's Mr Cotton 1" I cry ; and, red and awkward, Vio qomea for- wara, hisponiusion changing to a look of ro- : hci as Mr, Cotton posscB him Tom's letter unopened, "I happened to look .at ; the address, and saw at oneo there wns some mistake," ho ex- . -plains; as Vio, thanking him proIuBoly, pro-' daces tho ohiei's note. .: . " Will you not como' iri, Mr. Gotten?" I : ask, coming to my senses at laBt. i": . : " I think not, thank yon, Miss Dora.- Is tho dootor at homo?"!;. "No.- Did you wish to eee him portion- " larly?"' . : - .'.v.;'' " I did, bat I oan call again." . v And offl again.: ho does a day or so later, and remains olosetcd with tho ohief so long that oar ouriosity is arousod. "It's . no professional -consultation, I'm Burp, "I doolaro. "He's a rook of health and strength. I havo it— happy thanght. Ho's : asking the ohlof for you, Ag i poatinghimnp . in hiB cxpeotation9> antooedcnta, ota. Fauoy being Mrs: Diok Cotton ? yo Gods I What's in,' a name?. 'A rose by any other name would smell as sweet,1 says BbakcBponre, but I don't agree with him) Call a roBo a cabbago, and yon rob it of half its ohormB, in my opinion. Hoigol Mrs. Diok' Cotton, eh? I'd go in oinglo blessedness to my grave oro I'd bear snob a name. Doro Danbar, I'll continue till tho end o( tho obapter if I oan't ohango tho Dunbar for something Via mellifluous nt least. ' - . "I prophesy that wo shall sen you Mrs, Snooks or something ol tho sort yet," laughs Freddio. -n.Novor l" . in tragic ' tones, " welpdmo anolsnt qpinoterhood, with its attendant horrors of parrots and tabbies, first!" - " Ay, ot sweet seventeen," ohimes in Ag, "now its 'Whom shall I have?' but seven years bonce it will be, 'Who'll havo mo?' if yon aro still D. D. You remember tbo girl whoso master ovorheard her praying for a huBband, ' ' Augbt but a tailor, ; good Lord,' and how she abanged her tnno when be, dis guising his voioo, answered,- A tailor "or nonol 'A tailor, good Lord, .a tailor,' was hor cry then. So with you— nothing bat Fitzberoort or Montmorehoi will onit yon now, but soon — " " Sparo me, Ag," laughingly, stopping my oars, " I give in, silenood, it not convinced. Time will tell. Meanwhile what's tho plot forming in tho don?"' . _ "Tiraq will toll," mimips Freddie, nggrn- vatlngly. , , .. (dlDays nnd wcoks go and tell nothing. . " Mr, Cotton and the ohief uavclop a sudden appreciation of oaoh other's society, and onca a woek, at iaast, tiro big, brown-boardad figure, in aool-Iaoking grays, looms abova our. festive board, and his mollow laugh a-valtes the echoes oi tho den- as bs joins tho chief in bis aitor-dinncr smoko. . Now and thon ha spends an evening with tho " female olement" of tho family, joining in Freddie's, songs, beating Ag at chess, and igaonug mo in tnto, no a rale, though I sometimes find . his blnc-groy oyos fixod on me in a way that oonfasos ma consider ably. ! Ag,"- I say oneo, when ha goes, "I wish yon'd break yonr brown, bear of bis bad habit ol staring people oat of oonnton- anco.' " ns never stares at mo," misohievonsly affirms Ag. : " He must take me for an escaped member of a menagerie."'. Perhaps 'thinks yon aro a little dear," guggosts Vio. "That's borrowod, Vio." I assert disdain- . fully, "ha original, or parish is tho attempt. For the future I mean' to bo non eit when- no oomos." . " Wondpr -will ho survivo ?,.'! queries tho incorrigible youtb, " you'll havo him einging, ' Tnough lost to eight to memory dear'" nndcr--. you, windows tho : first, moonlight night, Doll." ' A well aimed blow with a sofa onehion smothers his laet word, then I have to nso my heels to. save my oars. Oat of.the draw- iog room, through tho hall, into tho dining- room, round and round its long tabid, and out agaia .head, first— horrors of horrors — into the ohief. Warned by my ejaoaiation of dismay, Vio meanly Bkulks oil, leaving ms to bear tha'bront ot tho battle, and. woo. is mol What a bail of worde beat ronnd mo— wrath, reprooi, satire, vituperation, indignation, all in tarn, till at losk, breathless from the com bined eiicolsol his_ own oloqnenoo and my weight, ho makes for tbo den. Then I sneak off to tbo kltobon, where I - . find Ag and Frod looking so ridiculously meek and sympathatia that I laugh myself off info a fit ot hysterics, ont of which Vio brings, mo by a liberal nso of wator and abaso. - "Doll, yon great gawk," he begins, dous ing ine with a cap oi water, "what do yon mean ? Tho idea ol you making each a fool of yoarsolf. Come, stow that trash,- or I jbslt oatt ths obiel," and so on tlU I reoover ray equilibrium. . Tun next tiuio Mr. Cotton calls bow I wish I had said nothing o! bis staring! Unnoticed by bim, thoj torment ma at every turn— oven Ag cannot resist fixing , her laughing oyos on mr, in tho nearest approach to a lackadaisi cal, sentimental gazo she oan manago, when ever ah opportunity offers. Then Via,, snatching up a cobwebby loco antimcccasar, fiiogs it round ms grinning, " Woiild'nt sho maka a captivating little bride, Mr. Cotton ?" and, to my vexation and their delight, tbo giant in grey bloshcs Uke a girl as bo acquiesces . " Vio, yon imp, let mo go— you will smother me," l ory, glad, nevertheless, that bo wilt not, beoauee of my bot checks. - For I can bo blind to tho troth no longer. "It's as plain as apikentafl" to quota Vio, that I, Dora Dunbar, little moro than seven teen, empty oi bead and hot of heart, havo won the love of this honest heart— a lova. that a woman might go down on her knees and thank God for. I rcaogniso tho fast, yot suoh is ths in- aonsistonoy of my woman's natnra that, fceliifg. proud of my conquest— as I noods must when I survey the Btalwart; figure and handsome open face— I wish liim miles away inmyetrango new Eenso of sby oonsoioua- ness. . ' . CHAPTER V. One. dull drizzling morcibg in'enriy Maroh, . tho postman brings mo a largo, blue,1 offoial- ; iobking letter bearing in its lower. Ielt-hond corner tbo anggeativo . words, " Edooationol Department, Melbonrno." ' ' ' . With what' suppressed exoitement: I regard it— longing yet dreading to learn its contents —only those can understand who havo been through the ordeal. Havo they ruthlessly "plucked" mo?; I wonder— that notoorotia board oi examiners ; or,, in the . languago of tho filiated, lias a "Big P " fqllbh to my. share? .In plain English— have I, failed or.- passed? ".Borew your couriigo up, old gal," recom mends Vio, "open it and' get1 out of your misery. - Do dear," advises Ag, seeing ma-hasitatb.'- : "" Nevor say dio, Doro," says Freddie. ' Open it and "Have it out '"' laughingly reminding me of my pet phrase. ; " Si bo it," and with trembling fingera I tear off tho bins cover, -and j< opening ont the formidable-looking form within, run my dye fearfully down it. - : . " Bravo I Bravissimo' i :Doll| j'ou'll do us dredit yet, "..cries Vio, with d sounding slap between nay shoulders— hiH'qnioIt eyo taking', in' first tho long array of " Big P's,". for op-, posits - osoh subject — tho- dreaded -SohooI .Management included— is written " Passed." Paesiid in everything 1 Weil dono yon, Dpra," oordidlly ohimes in Ag, wbilo Freddie sits mute, divided between admiration of ino , and my: " Big P's." Suddenly coming tp her- boU she. slips bor arm round mo with a hearty, " I'm so glad, sis. Oomo and tell mamma'."., .. Arm-in-arm, with Ag.. and Vio .trailing after nd, wo dawm on mamma's astonished vioion'. ; .'" What is it now, children ?" raising her-1 sell on -her elbow and looking from ona to another. 'Oan't you road tho. nows in the phisog.of our; ' swoot girl-grddnato,' mamma ?" aBks Vio, giving.mo a push forward. . . . : " You' havo word of yonr examination, dear ?" questiouingly, oatohihg: sight of the form in my band. " Paseod in everything, mamma," answers Vio for mp, then elavating hts head and dis tending his ahost with d oomiaal ossnmptlpn of dignity, he Btrikes'.'np" :V Beo tho Oonqaor- ing Horo oomcn," drowning momma's gontla oongratnlation, and doafoning ns ail. . " Will yon got yonr oertiCaato how, Dora ?" ; asks Ag, as boon ob ho sabBidos. : "Not till I pass in Noedlowork and Art of Teaohing," I reply. " When tho ihspeotor aomes round in May, I'll got him to examine; me in tbcm, if he will." " And thon, supposing yon got thron'gh ?" querios Freddio. 1 1 ' > "I'll apply for an appointment at oneo," I promptly rojoih, " It's ono thing to apply and another to get a post, I know, bnt 'Nil Dcoporandum,' is my molto in the matter." " What if you aro paoked off to tkewildB ol Gippslahd, or tho.' Kolly ' oountry ?" asks Vio. '. " I sbali sco all tha mora of tbo world," I say, lightly, " bnt wait till I got my certificate' beforo wo talk of that." ' " And if yon foil in Art ol Teaohing— what then ?" inquires Freddie. "I got a second ehnno'o; but I hops I shan't fail, I want to get through without any second1 shots."- " Don't lot your ' high ombition ovorlaap. itsolf,'" Gmilingly. 'advises mamma;- then, softly stroking my hair as I sit on a haseook beslao her, "so mj birdling. wants to try her'wings, tired ol tho home-neat, ob, Dora ?"' \- . " i"s, mamma, bnt I want to seo a. little of tho world, and tiiuto tho awoets of indepoh denoo. Irauoy how amazingly rioh— for Dora Dunbar— I should feel with my hundred a year." ..' ---1 \- " Never forget wo aro mates! when that's coming in," intcrjeots Vie. "Right you aro, old son," I rojoin, .strug gling to free myself from tbo grizzly. Ilka grasp of his embrace.' " Lot ino go, I'm smotboring. Vio, vou omadhaun t would yoa stranglo your goldon goosa ?" "By George, no I" suddenly releasing mo, " I ehoulu bo what Gordon eslJu ' moro tliau an osb' to do that." . " Spare us, Vio," langbsFreddio, " between Gordon nnd your beloved Bponpondyko, what an infliction our Uvea havo becomo I" Winch is true enough, Bceing that Via has Ist,ly dovi loped a mania for A. L. Gordon's racy pieces, and is everlasting " ehowing " them over for nur.bcnefit, till in dcsporation we ping our ears, pelt liim with potatoes, gag. him, and resort to various t othor experiments to Bilenoe bis ravings. - . ; " I say, though" ho burst ont, off on bis hobby at once, iloosn't ha. describa Brito- marfn splendidly — ' Bbe wns iron-Binewcd and satin skinned, Ribbed liko a dram and: limbed liko n deer — ' " "Stop, fiend 1!' cries Freddio, lannohinga pillow at his bead, whioh. Ag and I Bupplo- ment with a couplo moro, then, taking aim by the shoulders, the tbrcoof ns tarn bim holus- bolus out of tho room. Nothing, daunted, ho drops on his knees and rcoites through tha key-hoio his favorite picoo, " The siok Blook-rider.','. "OydGodsl must wo ondnroall this?'" quotes Agin tragic tones. Ay moro, fret till ' yonr proud hearte" break,' " takes np Vio on tho other side of the door. .. : "I'll break ibis oaho over . yonr book, yoa young eaamp, if yon don't ceaso that din," breaks in tho ebicl's awful voice ; " come, get 'out ol tho way." . Mentally I picture Vio, poor fellow, sneak ing off, even as .wo do, oat of the. opposito. 'door to that tha -chief enters by, leaving \- mamma to tell him of my ' big P's." To my surprise, ho comes, on, leaving her, and congratulates me warmly. . - ".What noxt?" I gasp, thoatrioally, when he goes. . "After this the delugo I" ciololms Freddio. " Read ns this riddle, someone pleaso," I beg. "No riddio at all, Doll," assorts Vio. "Yonr success means probably £100 por annum, nnd that covers a maltitado of sins in pa's eyes." . " Trno, 0 saga 1" I mutter, visions of my monthly ohcqae drifting into the " sinking fund," as wo tarmtho chief's pooket-baok, "Never meet trouble bait- way, Dora," eheerfally pats in Ag, divining my thoughts, " You're right, m» eotur, " I ory. " It'll bs time enough to tbiok'of tbo 'sinking-fond' when I got an appointment." "Ungrateful girl I" mocks Freddio, " to bogradgo a fitty to tbo father who has fed and fought for yon for sovontson long years." | I bocradgo it to tho ' sinking land,' Fred. Fancy my fifty . going to swell those hoarded hundreds wo ongbt to bo en joying." " It would bo rather riab." ' Rieb," I eoho. "It'd riis mo awfally, I know." "Como, girls," interrupts Ag, command- ingiy, "This won't do. Bo off abont yonr bnsinees, and leave mo to mino, if yon want any dinner." . " That's a broad biat, Ag, as Paddy said when tboy kicked him downstairs," remarks Vio, making a raid on tho lemon-peel at tho eamo time. ; "Begone, yon thiol of tho world!" cries Ag, waving her ralling.pin wildly above bis head ; and,- daoking it ont ol danger, ho goes, with Freddio and myself in his.wabe, leaving Ag " monaroh of all she snrvoyB." Abont foar in tho afternoon I sally forth to moko Mr. Johnstone acqnaintbd with my good look. As I wend my woy down the Bids streot leading to the school, quick etepn eoho in my: -rear, :and . tho -noxt moment a voioo at - my - elbow says:1: . . " Good afternoon, Miss Dunbar." ." Tnrning, I find .mysoli face to : face ..with " W. .8." — the. horo of my. -love-letter— save tha mark. ;-_;It ;is: nearly:. three months slaps, 'in my rigbtcouB wrath,. I- ignored, hia- salutation, . and .-daring .all' that .timo .wo havo hover spoken, for tbo simplo bat enfiioient reason that wo havo never met. Time, : and;- perobancb ! snaaess, ! have ex-' eroised o Boftonihg effeot, for I-retnrh his greeting omiably.: - . 'I May I walk a few stops with yon?" ho asks lamoly, then; without my consent, . he ambles— no othcrword o'ould so well desoribo hisgait— along at my side.; - . ."Miss Danbar," he boginB nervously, after - a'momont's silenoo, " will yon toll me wbjr you treatod mo as yoa did the last, timo I spoke to yoa ? ' I have tried. -several times sinoa to get an opportunity to ask yon abont it, bnt could notsuooeea till now. What- havo I . dono?" " Doesn't yonr oonsoionoa aconsa yon, -Mr. Stspheno?" I ask, lightly, though- 1; fool a species of oontempt for bis " mean way- of sbufiling bnt of it," as I mentally form the ignoranoo he is professing. 1 - ; My eonsaiebco V. in a'tana of - genuinely ' snrprieecl inquiry. " No, why ehcrud it ?" " Because—" I begin, then, woman-like, hroak: off,. ; ; '.' The next time yoa . send, .a semi, anonymous love-letter to a young lady, Mr. . Stephens; .usa proper , preoiuiliuns : to prevent its' falling into, a sterri parent's pos-t soBsioh, arid bringing the. vials of his wrath: on her devoted hoad. . . - . "I— a love-iettor—I don't understand," he stammers, looking at mo in blank bewilderment a-,.bowildermerit so. real that, for the first time, it strikes mb he; knows nothing of tho luoktcsa affair. Briefly I givo him an aoaaant.thoroof, and with unoonoealed enrpriao arid indignation -ho hears me out. . " I had no hand in it, Miss Dunbar," bo assnres me, " this is tho first I havo heard ot it, bnt I oan guess whose work it is. Yoa might have given me credit for; o littlo moro snnse than, aeaording to yonr account, there was in that letter ; thongbi",be aonolad'es, in an irijnred.tono. ; , ' "I judged too hastily," I admit pontritoly. "Now, ipoaitcnco porsonifiodj I. ask your- .pardon."": ; " Yon look very penitent," hall nngrily. " " Novor judge a woman by her looks, Mr, Btophona, a smiling faco may hido'an aching heart,". " Havo yon ona to hide? Idonbt it some times," hb sayB, laughingly. " Query? Wore i of tho genus homo you might easily toll— tho way to a man's heart is through his appetito, is it not? Feed him woll if you prize his nffeotion— but a trace oi suoh nonsense. Toll mo, Mr, Stephens, it it's a fair question, whom yon Bnspeot, of sanding tho letter, I mean." "My oonslns, Mary and Harriet Kean. It'a . their idea of ' a capital joke I" scorn- inlly. ' ; ' ''" , . " Bnt tho.writing was a man's." ; "Mary oan oopy any writing— she'd maka a first class fargor." " Not very aomplimcritary," I laugh. . ; "I tell hor obemlssed her vocation!; Natnra intended bor for — " "K : ' "Stop, stopl" I ory,. era ho eon finish. Gallantry, tby name is'riot W. B." . "It scorns not. Ia this yonr journey's end?" as I halt at tho school goto.1. " Woll, I'll wiBh you good afternoon, Mies Dun bar, and will go and haul my oouslns ovor tho coals." . 1 '' " You'll do. nothing of tho kind, sir, if I have any volco in tho mattor. Bay nothing about it is my advioo." . , . "Thoy dosorve a sound rating," . 1 "Maybe— as the Babtohman says— but silorica .will! servo them out bettor. Thoy'll think their joko foil flat."; "Perhaps so— I'll take yonr advioo, at any rato," and shaking hands ho bows him- soil off. ,- - Mr. Johnson is duly delighted to hoar of my success, siooo it reficots orcdrc on himself, and genorously offers to ooaoh -rno np for May, wbioh offer I gratefully ncoopt. CHAPTER VI. \- Easter aomes and goes very qaiokly. Wo bad not even a flying visit from L?x to brook the monotony, for it has been arranged that ha is to oomo over on loavo of abscnca at tho end of Juno, and tako Froddio book with him to share tbo nest ho is preparing. - Sssing that it is useloss ta hold oat longer, tha ehioi lias graciously given in, and thas matters stand. - - " Freddio is np to her eyes in tho materials of bar modest (roiuseau, and manjr a sweat hopa nnd happy waking dream does nho stitch into it. . Ag— her old Belt again to all nppoaranos — lends her valaablo- assistanco; sympathizing in her plana nnd prospeots so ohoorfnlly, that notovon my lynx eyes discern what tho effort costs her, tbongh loan gaess Inter, ' Mr. Cotton is still a regular visitor, bat never by any ohanaa do X givo him an op portunity to speak -mora than oommoa- places, for I verily believe should ho say .'Bo mino" (as the journals have it), I'd say .'.yes," ont of sheer took of heart to say, '-no." Bssidas, did I love him over so mnah " I'm ower young to marry yet." ' I have no notion of resigning my liberty so soon,' -for thus I look on matrimonial bliss, judging it from the Danbar snmplo. ' Ernest Williams rarely pats' in an appear- anas 1 now. " Hard at work, dramming for next exam.," is bis oxaase, bnt time tells a different talo. Beyond an aseasionat passogo-at-arms with tho chief, wo have nothing to disturb tho even tenor of our way. Even he to singularly amiablo, considering that his digestive organs are, two-thirds of the time, at my tender meray, wbilo Ag to helping Freddie. Via affirms that I am oitber laboring ander tbo idea that— omn-like— tboy oan digest anything, or taking a moan advantaga of tha present opportunity to pay off old seorc8. "Doll," he says, ccustioally, at ono meal, "yononght to toko out a patent for theeo scones — warranted to daly tho sharpest teeth ;"«nd again, "for humanity's sako, Doll,1 spsra ns another iofiiotion of minoo thin week. This is tha third time we havo had it, and to day is only Wednesday. Enough's as good as a feast." Ha crowns tho long list of insulting in. nsadoss I |bavs bad (o boar daring my brief into over the euiinary department ths follow ing evening, when the chief brings Mr. Cotton home to dinner. We havo beeome need to his dropping in at ail limes; novortheless, I wish him far enough away on tha ocsasion, for my dinnar to a failnro, evon Ag,— who will say a good word if one is to bo said— has to admit. "Yon havo ooiipsed yourself to-night, Doll," sarcastically, Via begins, sdrvoying the siica of dried-up, ovor-dono beef, flanked, by a small pyramid of nndcrdono vegetables graoing bis piste. " She's been experimenting on us unfortunates lately, Mr. Cotton— sssing how xnuoh tbo inner man ash stand. I'm going to suggest an addition to tho litany \- next Sanday, .' From Dole Dunbar's cooking- Sowers, good Lord doliver no.' ' May. good igestion .wait on appetito !' " ho oonaladea dovobtly, vigorously attaoking'hto meat, as the ohief— who had been called away— re enters thoroora. /: Hot arid angry, I bays hardly time to aool : \- down ere the.chlaf has a slap at me, ".Doro, my door," emlling benignly, "Yon ; should eond specimens of -yonr triumphs , in the aulinary line to oar next show. I'll, gaarantco you'd tako first prize." "Rome wsb not boilt in a day, papa," I say, foroing a emllo, though I am ready to ory with voxation ; which inolinatiqn ia not lessened by the sympatbotie gazo of our : guest's gray-blue oyes, which I eueouriter as I withdraw mino from tbo ohief. ; : " Ambrooia and neotar, I suppose it was toliim when he learrit it was your fair bands; ; prepared it," laughs Freddio afterwords, in tho sanctity ot our own room. ; " Well,ii it doesn't oiiro him of his passion,- I am sure nothing w, ill. The man who could ealmly coritemptoto taking to himself for life tbo originator of suoh a repast, is not to be measured, by the standard o! .ordinary men." It does not oara. bim: jadging from tho continued regularity of . his visits, lint it pats an end to my authority in, the kitchen, From that day I offloiats in it, only under Ag, serving- an -.apprenticeship, as it ..were, that may end in my beooming a good book.; May 1 brings the inspsator arid my droaded ordeal; from wbiob, to my jiarpriso, rather, I come off with flying oolors. . - Thon I send iri an application for a position as assistant in a large, or head-teaqnet iria smalt school ; which done, ail I have tq do is: wait patiently. Dnring the last week of Jnrio, Lex arrives,- happy and- handsbrri'o in his qharaotor of ;bride- groem-oIeat.. Thon for a week all to harry and bUBtle, quiet as the wedding is to -bo/ i--:.;-.;'1.:;...; V The anspioioris day dawns ' fair, and fresh,' and at an early hoar Freddie is np arid;,oni on a last visit to hor-f&vorita; haunts. . We have talked far ioto the wee ama' hoars every night eiaae Lex's arrival/ nevertheless' his' bride's beanty. and bloom Beem .nowtoa .impaired ias, in her pretty brown travelling dress eho takes ber place at his sideVand, in.a low firm voioo; spbskB .tbo solomn words that make bor bia till death do them. part. Old Mr. Bnthorlond performs tbo cere mony, aud to onable mamma ta witness it, it takes piaea at " tbo residsnee of the bride's parental'1 to qnote'froin. onr looalrag.as many -term tha bi-weekly paper that is all onr town- Bbip boasta.- . j-v- \- Only tho happjr pSir's relations arid moat . intimate friends are present; bnt tboy Bnt- fiso to fill the drawing-room. \- Papa gives the bride away, and gives them both nis bloaalng, a la the heavy father, in most approved dramatio style, in bis spseoh at the breakiast, waxing quite pathotio in ths midst of it. Tho othor spoeohoo are harried through, for train -timo is drawing near; tha loot prosanto are hurriedly paoked ; tha last good byes ara said ; tbo laet kisses given, and fiva minuton later tbo sister and daughter who has never passed twenty-forir hbrirs from nnder the home roof in bor lifo, passes ont of onr eight, rind-out of our lives for evermoro— on eaxtb. : The first gap in the homo oirols is mads. Ah me, oonld wo only lilt the veil that hidos the fdtnro, bow many n bitter thought and bard word wonld remain unthought and. an. uttered! how many mountains wonld shrink into molohills I bow many matters of moment boaomo " triflos light as air I" -- . Wo watohtham till tho baggy tqrna tbo corner, smiling bravely antil then-; then Ag and I look blankly in oaoh other's faces for a moment, nnd wind up by : bursting into tears liko two great babies. Alter ail, there ia something almost as nnd as death in a mnrriago, with its breaking an of old associations and snapping of old ' -tics, v I reaovsr myself first— almost .-at onao, in fact— beneath tbo oritloal oyos around ; bat Ag, inshing off to ber room, given vont to a perfect storm of sobs. - "Don't, Dora," Bbo cays, almost roughly, - shaking off ray oarsBsiap band, and throwing horsslt an ber knees bestdu Fraddialo bed, slio. cobs unrestrainedly. "Help ma to boar. it, 0 Lord I. help mo to bear it I" — in it my fancy, or did sho really uttrr tho words? I- know not, for by a violent.offort sho conqnors her oatbarst as if by magio, ondrises to her foot. "Go to mamma, Doll, will yon," sho says, almost calmly, "I'll join yon in a moment or two, aa soon as I get aver my fit of selfish ness," with a faint smile. . " Don't ooll it that, Ag. It's only natnral . yoa should fool it dsoply, Yon'U miss hor terribly—" She interrupts ma impationtly : - "Don't say any more, Doll — I oan'tatand it. Go to tho others and tell thom <I'm naming." Half offended, I obey ber;> and . a few minatca totor sho appears, bor asaal oalm, gentto self, making -somo smiling romark regarding tha rioo that lies eoattorad so pro- fasoty abont. ' . Gradually tbo gnosts go, till only Mrs. Sutherland is left. Bbo - stays to eheor- mamma, blissfnlly oblivions other own (alter ing tonos and saBpioioasly moist oyos. Tbeb, drawing onr ohairs round the draw ing-room fire, Ag, . Vio and I alternately disoass tha day's events, and gaze dreamily . into tha coals. " What a pretty bride she mode; although sho did wear only hor travelling dreBsl" I remark sleepily. : . " And bow oool sho kept," I oontinus, ho ono having answered my first venturo, " Lex was far tbo mora norvoas— his. band shook liko a leal aa he signed bia name." "Perhaps ho didn't roaliza till then ia what be was committing himself," suggests Vio, "signing away bis liberty brought him to his senses.". " Sarcasm's not yanr forte, Vio," Ag re minds bim for tho hundredth timo in tho last fowmonthB. "Till OhriBtmas seems a long timo to wait to sco thom again, doesn't it?" I pot in dolefally, bnt Ag cheerfully scoots the Idea. " It'll ba here beforo yon know whero yoa aro," sho asserts. \- She proves a trno prophet. Jaly and Angnst go on wings. Boptombcr brings mo tho o'nbstanoo of my lifo, and, like tho dog in ths fable, I lot it go to grasp at tha shadow. 1 am sitting ona altcrnoon looking ant at tho soft Soptcmber rain, when a familiar figaro intervenes, andthronghtbs long open window Mr. Cotton enters tho room. Ithauoomo at tost, tho dcolstation I havo so long avoided, one glanco at his face tells me. ' Even now, rising harriodly, I maka a despcrato effort to esoape, on prctenoo of colung Ag, bnt ha prevents me. ( 'In he continued .) AUSTRALIAN TALES AHD ADVENTURES. No. 6 NELL B R Y 0 E. nr nosr. p. wnmvoBTU. "Yoa noticed that tall, bandsoma woman I called yonr attention to in the asylum to-: day ? ' queried my friend Dr. Maointoah. ns wo sat in his cozy- dining-room ona day, smoking tho post prandial algar -over a glass of generons wine.' By the way my friend to famous for his cellar, and deservedly so, as I have roasori to know. ' I bad that day visited the Duncdin Lunatio -Asylamwith him, arid ho had .whispered me .to observe ono of the patients, wbiih I had. accordingly1 dono without attraoting heir notioe. . - She was a. young- woman,- riot mora- than twenty-five or six i Bhoaid say, and had - that in her appeorano whioh; strnok mo as being extremely remarkable. ! She woe, as lbs . dootor. Bald, " tall and:; handsome," - - very, baridsomo, singalarly : beantlfnl ; I ' Bhould have expressed it, ' But with ' q weird; kind of boanty that almost oreateda painfql sonsa- tion; . - Her hair and eyes were dark,: and the latter large and lustrous, bat with that weary, vacant,- far away look,, that tells so surely cither of some great ririforgbtte'n tronbie, or more pitiful 1 still, ol it wrecked mind. . \- She sat quite , still, speaking to no one; noticing no. ono. ' Still and motionless, oxespt for a norvoas play of ; the : hands, a;, kind of ceaseless, arid to me, antriqaning in-- tertirining of .tho fingers, aeasslcss, :qt . all events so long aa I saw hor. , : . I replied that I had remarked her; and was greatly struck witb her appearance. . .'"'Poor creature,", sold, my friend geritly, " oho to always like ; that, perfcotly qaict, and yet absolutely, hopelessly iniad.' Her'a to a \- sad; very sad story, should yoa like to hear it?" ' -1- -- "I should of all- things," I .replied, and then I learnt1 tho story, of Nell Bryeo, ; V .- . " Six years ago," - said the dootor, " thero , . wasn't' a man, woman, nor ohild for twenty, miles, round 'Palmeroton who didn't know, or-.wbo,' at all events; hadn't board, of, Nell, Brycc. She was the daughter ot (tori Bryoe, a well.to do BOttlor, living .on. his oxienaivo- farm botween Palmerston and Moeraki, arid was unquestionably tha:bolla of.tbat part of New -Zealand; riot only on aoaount of her re-1 markabla beauty ; bat also of her, wit, spright- : liriess, graeo, nnd goodnatnre. Not ayonrig. fellow all over, the country side bnt wonld, So .to speak,: have gono through firo and wator; to wfa asmilo from hor, whilo to onjoy tho favor -of her: hand in a danoa'-waa folioity indeed;: "-1..--.- / It needs hardly bo said that .sha was in great xeqnsst at all the little feasts and merry makings in tbo distriot, and, in faot, no ball or party, wedding, or obrlstcning was looked, apon as very mnoh, nnless Noll— everybody oalled hor.Nell— Bryco was present, and tho < liappy swain who; for'the timo, a'oted nshor esqnlro, was oa'ioordially onvicd as he was' hated by bis loss (ortunuterivato. Idgbt-heartsd, nil of girlish -fan/ qniok ab repaiteo, oanoy,.qomowhat' coquettish oven,; as sho was, there was another and deeper sldo to hor oharaeter, unknown, perhaps, to herself, q latont strength of will and fixity of purposo, whioh it only needed oironm- stances to dovolopo. - Thoro is no doubt that slio might havo pisked and ohossn at will for a lover, had sho so ohosen, amongst tha best and wealthiest yonng follows far and near, bat eho laughed at thein all, and Bo far was, as tha saying goes, "fonoy feoo." . V . . Ot oonrss. sho had lovore,or wonld-bo lovor, by the soars; .with whom sho' danaed, -sang, drove, rodo, and - flirted genorally, 'bat when it oame to real, right-down love making in. earasst, Bho wonld nono of thom, paoked - them off incontinently, ono after the other, ; with a floa in thoir ssr. - : Bnt tho pitaher that goes too oiton to tho well is onra to got- brokon. A handoomn young follow riatned David' Camoron, tho son'; ota farmer on tho Waikoaaiti Downs', wits notlood to bo moro specially favored than tho rest of her suitors, and, in short, ore long, ho was acknowledged as -her aosopted . lever, :/ . .". . But , thero were complications. Old Dan Bryoo her father, who had allowed bor to have her own way in most things, had some notions which were not altogether pconliar. Ho was a fairly wealthy man, : while tbo Camerona wore not by any- moans .wealthy. Then again, old Cameron, though poor', was. as proud as Lnaifer, and was not inclined to , sanation a marriage in whioh,. as ho. put it, " tha laddia oanna bring maat tor tho lassia'a moal," Old Dan Bryca flaw into n most- ungofi> soionablo passfca wlion tho thing was hintod at. "Av.ooorso, Ailcen, my lady," said he, " ye'lt do jist as yo ' loiko, yez always do, bnt niver will yo got my oonsint, nor a larden ot my money- naytber, until that onld Saatoh nagnrpnts down pound for pound wid mo. And that's tha prieo of Daniel Bryco; mora botoken that's pootbry, nnd so thoro yo havo both rbymo and razoq." . Now neither Noll nor David worn cxaotly fools, and althoagh lovo in a oottnge is all vary, pretty- in yonr eobool-girl romances, still tho hard praotical reality is another matter, and- .thay both know that well onongh. And yonng Catncran was an honor, able fellow, who conld not bear to think ot dragging down a wilo, and snah a wife, to a lifo of poverty and domestio drudgery. . They mast wait for better days. Ha wonld go to tho diggingB on tbo Arrow and tha Bhotover, whoro men wera picking np gold galore, and after a time, when ho had made a pile, wonld retain again and claim, her for his bonnio bride. Tho old, old, story. Thoy plighted their troth, sworo vows of eternal fidelity, and parted. That is tha end of many stories, but not of mino. . Timo went on. Neil beard from herlovor now. and again. Ha was on tho Osrdrona doing well, making monoy fast. So he said, and it was true. Ho and his mates bad strriok rioh gold, and in a littlo wbilo, a few months perhaps, ba wonld oomo book to her he loved so traty. \- This episode in her life was a sealed book betweon ber and ber. father. Ha might havo Brispeotcd, bnt he said nothing, nor aid she. , . Timo still went on, end ha was still doing well. He wonld start back in two months ho wrote, in a month, in a week. Ob, blissfa! nows. His share oaraa to something over £2000, most of it ha . hod in' sash, somo in gold. Ho would start in threo days, be would ba with her in a week. In a week. In seven days. How those days togged. 'Wonld tha wook nevor bs over ? Alas 1 alaa I Bettor for her it it novor had. \- » « . » » The road, or rather trsioY, for made road thero was none, from tho Cardrona was np tho river as fsr as Boundary Creek, then over - tho range and down tbo Kirtlo Barn to tbo concb road wbiobrnns throngb tho dark rooky defllo known as tha Kawarea Gorge; a deflla csiobrated for tba wild savagery of its scenery even in that land of mountain and of. flood,, of gloomy pasa and rooky fastness. From tho Oardrona, nnder Oruffel Paak, David Cameron, bidding farewell to his mates, started. Tbo trsok, bard to find, and harder to keep, had no terror for him, for in bis bolt ha boro tho wealth ha had striven so hard to attain. In bis heart hs carried the plotnre ot tho fair face walling for bim in tba Sonth, and tba dismal pnrpla gray of tbo stark mountains round him was rasa-tinted by tba snn of hop« and lova that illuminated bis desolate path. Ho started, ototo with joy and bright an ticipation of baloyon days to oomo,' and was hoard of no mors until — Tha week passed, weeks passed, and ho mada no sign. Tha sun roso and . tbo son net, tbo moon waxed and the moon wanod, and ho was yot missing, and hope, long do- ferrod, faded out of tbo heart of tho woary, weary watbber, and as it did, so faded tba light out of her ayes. - Hope aftor hopeless hope, thon uncer tainty, then fear. And still no word. ' . At last nows oomo, terrible nows. A party, ot diggers bonnd for tho Cardrona,had missod tho traak, and at tbo foot, of a hags rook abnttiag on tbo Kirtle-bnrn had oomo on the remabis of a murdered man, evidently mur- : dared, foe plain to be seen in tho forehead of tho bleaohed sknll; wera two olearly defined ballot holes.- His clothing, torn by tbo hawks and kens, was in rags, and there was no sign of money or other valuables on bis person. - \- The ooronsr oame np from Cromwell, ..dns - onqairiea were made, and a- verdiot " a man- believed to-bo David Camoron found mardored . by Uomo person or. poisons unknown" re- : corded, and tbo poor remains: were intorrod : in - tho : wilderness: -whero tboy had been . -fonnd. The poliao wera set at work to discover-tbe: murdorors, -bnt with no avail; Perhaps tboy did not tronbls themselves in the mattor oves muob, and . so - tho tbing died ont. The ' bodies of diggers fonnd dead in tbo bush were : not Bo nneommon ne to oraats' more than a - nine day's wonder. : -And so the thing died out, and Nell Bryoo, tho bright, sparklingjigbt-heartod Noil Bryoo, .was toll with a shadow,- tbo dark shadow ol a - widowed love, on ber lifo: - - : For a timo she was as-ona stapofiod. - She went' to and -fro Hatloasiy/'So performed tbo- . household duties on hor, father's farm almost' nnaonsoiously, she -lived, but, as it wore, in a dream. \- Then cams tba awakening, tho bitter awak- . ening to the fall extent- of her. bereavement, nnd with it tho roaotion; <. It: was as' it bia- blood wera orying -to- her -from tho- ground. Her brow, grow atom, her supplo month bard; her bright eye wild.and-haggard.': . V.Bhe had- but: one thought,- and on it sho brooded day and night, , Rovengo I Revenga I on thoso who bad slain bor bBlovcd. - She bad road ol murderers, unpolled, perhaps, by somo storn Nemesis, who oanld not bat: visit arid revisit- the scone of ; their orime, and a etrango whim, a wild, mad idea if yoa will, 1 took possdssion other. Sho, whoro thopolico bad failed, would trace tbo matter ont,. and : where so likely as in tho neighborhood, of tbo '.mnrder. . -Oris. day. sha was missing from bor father's- , honso. Bbo bad takon tho dowri ooaoh for Danodip, and loft Blotter- for hoc. lather in- forming him that sho . had gono away.tor o: 'month or two, and praying him neither to ' sqek'nor onquiro for her.;. From DanodinBho took tho ooaoh, by Tuapoka and tbo Olatha ta tbo Clydo and Cromwoll,- anfi,. . so far, all tiaaa of; bsr was lout. And now oama ber self- imposed took. Two days alter bor arrival in Cromwell, tbo Queonstown ooqoh sot down at tbo hotel near tbo Roaring Mog in tbo Kaworan -gorga; -a : dark- haired, dark-oyed girl or woman, who. had anewcred a standing advertieoment in tbs. looal papers (tor servant girls wero bard to gotin thoso days) for-a barmaid, -and- bad boon aooopted, ' It was no sineonre, this piaeo of bors, lot tba bouse, on tbo main road to and from the Wakatipn gold-fields, wae -mainly kept . going by tho numoroas diggers passing to and fro, and, many of thom, " Iinooking down " oo is, or wae, tbo wont of their tnbo, their hardly- won wealth. In ber tbo landlord and landlady: coon fonnd tboy bad'a trcasnroifor Mary. Joyoo— si sha bad named horaolf— whito willing and obliging to the rough onstomors,1 know, haw- to hold her own/ arid had a way with her that kopt'evon tho rowdiest diggers at'a 'dis- danos.--; . 1 Bho was qnlet, reserved, bat invariably oivll and obliging. Yet.thero wns something abont this palo, silent girl that nobody coald make ont. Bbo was ovor watahfal, over observant, over seemed to bo oxpeotarit of something that nevor oamo. '- Arid so the days incited intoweoks. . "' Of all the visitors to , the . hotel thero was ona who Beomod to, puzzle hor. Ho was a tall, oadavorous, ill-looking, meanly-dressed fellow, who need to hang; about tho place for twd or threo days at a stratab, then go away for a.timo, and return again to bang about ns beforo, Ho seemed, like her, to bo expeoting. somo ono who never name. On him sho kept, for some reason sho could not explain toncrsclf, a constant and wary, oye, watohing. his incoming arid , outgoing; thoso ha associ ated .with/ qrid listening, when, oho could withorit being obsorved, to his. conversation. But all to no purpose. Bho had loarnt, oonld learn, nothing. Absolutely nothing/ Pationgo, pntienoo, weary heart. Tho end would oomo, did como, aud in tins wise. . Ono aftornooD. this man, whom they called Joe tha liatter, was standing, at the door, loanging lazily against tho jamb, smoking, - sho watching bim us UHual, when sho saw bim suddenly start, flash . up, and tnrn into tho bar-room. Presently a stout- ish, red-whiBkarcd mau entered front tha road, and throwing down a pound note, loudly de clared his intention ot shooting for nil bands, somo six or seven men who wera drinking nt tbo bar. Sho quietly served tho drinks, kcep-- ing her attention fixed on the two tha - while. Sho saw tho tall man had paled, and that liis hands and lips wero trembling nervously. Tho new-comer, wbo was somov/hat the woreo - for liquor, was vory noisy, and wu3 boisler- ously oalhog for inore drink, which tha land- - lord, who had oomo in, was only too ready to - servo. Thon the tall man, who hud sidled np to tha stranger suddenly took tho opportunity oi whispering something into bis car,- some- thiDg whioh apparently had the (ffaat of : sobering him at oneo, for he too turned -pain and staggorcd as if ho had been struck. " What d'yo mean," ho shouted eavngely, 11 and who nro you, anyhow!" " Como ontsido and I'll tell you. Ivo something for your privalo car only," said Joe tho hatter Biguifioantly, and with a sinister glanco into tho otbet's oyes. He conld not meot the look. Ho was ovi- dently cowed. / ' , ' "Eicueo me for a minute, mates," ho said, with forded hilarity, "this man has a , little business with mo. Fill 'eni np again, v. Boss; I'll bo' back presently;" and the two went ont. What meant this fluttering at the girl's heart? Had the end come? Intuitively sho . feltithnd.1' Wns she ready? Exonslng herself to Her employer, sho flow - to her room, unlocked her box, and took - something from it, then stealthily loft tha - honso the book way. Concealing bersolf as well as she conld, she crossed the yard toward the etablo, whero tbo conjectured the men had gone. Sho was right, Thoy wore thero, and conversing in alow tono. Sha stolo noise- - Iossly round to tho door, whero, herself un seen, she oonld hear every word. "It's no nso yonr denying it," tbo rasping voido of Joo the Hatter was saying, " I know yon, Ned Peters, if that's your real name. I . - - saw yon do it. I saw yon shoot down David Cameron as plain as 1 sco yon now. Two shotB yon fired, ono from behind tho reck, and ono when he was down, to make sore. I saw yon take bis belt, and drag him off tbo trsok behind that big bouhtor in tho crock. I'd bava taokled yon tboro and tben, bat yoa word armed, and I wasn't, and I reckon yon'd have shot mo too. Doyoadeny it?" " I oan't deny it. Yoa'ra too strong for mo. I did kill David Cameron, and now what-Ho!" What was it? A vision of a girl's white faco, ' a sharp roport, a whiff of pungent amoko, a ory of "Blood for blood, " nnd tho mnrdorer . fell on bis faoo, doad. .. A rash ot feet, palo, frightened men look ing in over tho throahold at tho prono body, 1 and, standing over it, motionless as a statue, a tall girt in btosk, bor teeth set, her oyoa : , gleaming with a stranga light, ona hand - olenohed, and in tba: other a still smoking pistol. - Tboy spoko to her, but she did not answor. Thoy touahod ber, bat aha did not movo. Noll Bryao was mad." ' No . ono-who has looked into- lifo with honest oyes oan have failed to disaovcr-that it dorivcB untold.valncs from tha lovo whioh . -welaomas its dawn, attends, its growth, and " : advancos step by stop and soothes and aheers - - . -itsiold ago. : Hnmon lovo is itself a, pearl of r .great prieo/- How it: onlargoB, enriches, and ennobles life I . What ' bonofiaont ministries / it aoriductsi: What patient heroism and sovcro self- supproseion it .-inspirealln a .mother .it. Ib- tnith, and hops/and patienoe, and effort; , and viotory. In yonng hearts it \- is a transforming gladness, an awakening tn- . <tho responsibility and, tho raptnraof lifo. In ' :manhood and womanhood it is tbo :balm of - ' care, a rofugo in. temptation, and a soarae of . -sorenity. I have boon mora and mora oanvinosd; tbo moro I think ol -it; that in gonorslpridois - . -at tho bottom of all groat mistakes. All the-, other passions -da occasional good ; bat - -whonover prido pats ia its: word,' every- - -thing goes wrong ; and what . it -might: - really be dosirnbia to - do quietly and - m- nocently/ it is. morally-' dangsrons, to do : proudly. .. - > . -. \- A man may baa. miser- of his- wealth; ha - ' may tie up bis. talent In a napkin;- he may hng bimself in- bia reputation; but ho is - always generous in his- love,- liovc cannot - - stay at homo; a man cannot keep it to himself. : -Like . lightniDg, < it is constantly ; travelling. .a nianmust spend it, mast givo it away. -.:. .: JXbo timo for reasoning is- beforo wo ap-.:. proaoh near onougb to tho forbiddod fruit to - : look and admiro it. ffl I D N i C Si T. All sounds ara hushed, save fo.- the fretful :- v. chirp . : 01: sumo -young -bird,- too - crowded - m .its : . - neat; > Tbo very-air is otill, the tired leavos iircop-r \- And oaoh wild tbiDg . ia atocpsd. m poiieot . rest, Afor,.I sco the towerirg villago eplro . .. . \- Sfiarply defined ogaiUst tbe midniE'it sky, , , While, startliugly, twelve oolemn stioLe?, and slew, Proclaim tba hour oi dread and mystery. .. ... . Am I, -alas 1 tlio only-waking thing--- , , Gosdedby' thoughts too deaperftte for sleep? Not oven a ghost to keep mo company, , ...... In-thia stem vigil l sm iorced.to. koopl -; : . / Wo nro alone; my. soul, with, our, despair, \- - And you may toll :mo all - the .truths-yon, , . , 1 . ' No sophistries of:Xarigbins,- bristling day r.i Can stand between us, now tho world-is . Sill). - - . ,. , ... - -But wait— was I to blame? When oircum- ' -1 . 'stance' Will liedgo the best of men, till wild tboy - And, C liko' n etream dammed up, o'creprciid " tbo banks . " Aridvioik.desttuoliori in theiroveiflqw t. ;: Oh 1 soul, wliy ehould you fo'olioblji remain ! ; To suffer in this houso of narrow girth ? . Not's tho.wido space's in.ihn arpliirig sky, And brook tho' door .that prisons you to'-,. :: \- 1 '' earth 1 Lot ns go iortb, and leave remorea behind, . ; . With al! tho hnrintipg, taunting sbapss of -. sin;-1' - - ' . --I The world's low jibes, -the obliging memories That drivo us mad with their cterq'el; din. What's tliat you cay ? Wo ''cannot- thus 1 ceeopo, Remorse has now becomo a part ol y.an ? Is it immortal, tben ? :Oh 1 soul, bo kind, ... . . And toll mo— tell mo that. this not truel . ; Tho air grows obili— With dawn tbo rising \- wind -' Mutters nnd' moons ninid tho stuitled', : -:trecs; ... - Tha eptro points upward— bnt tho stars liavo paled, And hopo is fled— I shiver in tiny breeze I.. - FxmnE E. Ni-iwoBiinY. 