Terror of Iliaunted Locomotivcs. LocoxoroTrv engineers are almost, itf not alto. gother, as superstitious in regard to haunted locomotives as sailors are in regard to haunted ships, says the Tribune. About ten .erearsgo the engine Matt iorgan blew up while stands ing on the track of the Shore Line road near the station in Providence, R. I., killing the engineer. The egino was subsequently re. built and put on the road. On the filerst trip that she made after being rebuilt she went tearing into Providnceu in the night with the train swinging behind, and.the sleeping town :eeohoiog to the sei'lll?itrilso.j pn jppeaoo ? ;" ' s ne et?tlaetbhb,,,thlheer leaned forwad to shut off steam, blit to his horror a ghoeelY" form appeared at his side, and a ghostly hand grasped his wrist and held him flat... When the station was reached the ghost dis. appeared, and the engineer stopped the train some distance beyond. At least, this is what the engineer tells. Many people have not forgotten the terrible Richmond switch disaster, several years ago, on the Providence and Stonington road. A little brook became swollen by the rain, and carried away a rail.road bridge. The train came rushing along that night, and was hurled in the ohasm. Giles, the engineer, when he saw the danger ahead, instead of leaping from the oegine as the fireman did, grasped the lover and reversed the angine. But it was too late. The train was going at nuoh a speed that the locomotive leaped clear across the stream, and they found Glleslying under his overturned engine, with the lover driven through his body and onohandod"luth ing the throttle.valvo with the grasp of death. Giles, when he came into Providence, was o0' ouetomed to give two peculiar whistles as a signal to his wilo, who lived near the railroad where it enters the suburbs of the city, that he was all right, and would soon be hdme. The absence of those whistles was the firstin timation which was received at Providence of the disaster. When the engine which made that terribla leap on that stormy night was rebuilt nnd put on the road again, there was atlrst great trouble in getting engineers for it, with each auperstitious horror was it regarded. To- day there are people ready to swear that theyhave heard whiltles, such as Giles used to bloy as signals to his wife, sound through the sublrbs of Providence, when no train was coming up the road. Tnur there is something in the unruffled oalm of nature that overawes our little ant zioties and doubts; the sight of the deep blue alcy and the clustering stars above seem tq im part a quiet to the mind. 