In the Garden-Pavilion. By Marion Crawford. It was a glorious moonlight night about the mid summer of 1830. 'Wide and silvern the gentle radi ance lay on the low cottonfields, bathing them in a invstie beauty they knew not by day, when the gangs of'black slaves worked therein, singing merry snatches at times : for this was a happy Southern plantation, 'wn flip massa' was kind and the overseer easy. The morn transmuted the broad Mississipip's muddy flow to silver, too ; but it could not pierce the black ness of the riverside woods stretching northwards for hundred of miles, where green parrots flashed and chattered by day, and wild 'gobbler' turkeys roosted safe'bv night on the high branches. There was the hush of rest and peace on the sugar cane plantations and in the long rows of negro cabins, each with their garden patches. Sleep and happy rest evevvwhere. Only, it might be, the night brought no blessing to the wide and dismal swamp that stretched for miles inland — treacherous and poisonous to man kind and beast, inhabited only by deadly snakes and loathsome reptiles The moon shone also, some distance lower down the great Father of 'Waters, on a fair garden shaded hv wide-spread cedars. It was all hedged in by luxuriant red and while choctaw and clierokeerow, twining to Tpthcr in an impenetrable barrier. Myrtle and jessa mine bloomed within profusely in cresses of milk white sweetness, and oleanders blushed in banks, whereon it seemed as if rosy sunset had lighted, and lingered still throughout the night. It was a garden Boccaccio would have loved, that AVatteau might have painted. A fair setting to the home of one of the richest and handsomest planters in Louisiana. The house itself, which overlooked both the river ' Kenneth produced a small dingy Bible.' — Surprise Creek. I and garden, though only two-storied and built of ? wood', like its neighbours,* was yet a pleasant dwelling ? villi spacious and airy rooms. Around it ran a wide, I verandah, raised on short pillars from the ground, and ? where this night shadows of figures, two and two, ? might have been descried lingering in secluded R nooks. ? The windows were wide open, and through them R came wafts of gay music and shafts of brilliant light. R A merry dan.ee was going on, and friends had come R from the nearest plantations around, in gay response ? to a sudden invitation, while 6ome of the prettiest R belles of New Orleans and Charlestown were witch R ing the susceptible hearts of the young planters. A R whirl of white muslin and gay ribbons, a ripple of R light laughter, with under-currents of tender speech ; R a glancing fire of smiles and quick looks, and the I play of fans fluttered with meaning coquetry in hands ? thai made the delicate art into inaudible speech. I In the doorways clustered groups of household ? negroes : broad faces all one dusky grin, lit up by B gleaming teeth. They had been born and bred on the B estate, as had their parents before them. Indeed, B family affection represented to many of these simple B minds devotion to Massa' Charles or Massa' bam— the B two handsome and high-spirited brothers, who lived B here in bachelor freedom and brotherly accord — mixed B in an inextricable tangle with their fondness for their ? awn more personal families of thick-lipped, snub-nosed B 'child' en.' B ' What a happy household yours must be, Mr. B Lee ! — I have never seen one that seems so patriarchal. B And then you have such a lovely old house I '' said a B beautiful dark-browed girl to Charles Lee, the elder B -'f the brothers. B 'I'm glad you think so,' answered the young B planter with a constraint he had never known in his I life till now, hut giving one ardent look in her ? glorious eyes, which betrayed that the hot Southern ? blood was coursing faster in his veins than almost ? ever before. ? Mary de lJaz felt thrilled by a magnetic wave that ? Hashed from her lover to herself, that electric current B which will leap so strangely at times between human ? hearts, making their minds one. She could have B laughed in her heart, she was so happy B But Aunt Topsy, the buxom coloured housekeeper, B resplendent in a new silk bandana, though she stared B with a broad smile from ear to ear upon them both, B yet felt a sinking of her big motherly heart. B ' Massa' Charles will get married and Massa' Sam B will go 'long out o' this,' thought she; and the oue B brother she loved as her first-born, and the other as B her youngest-horn, having been nurse to them both. B^ The evening ended early, for the men wished to B start betimes next morning on a shooting expedition. B; To-morrow night they would have more music and B dancing, for the party was to last a week, and the B planter's home was literally overflowing with guests. H; The young men were stowed away in the bachelors B: quarters, a large outbuilding near. The ladies had B been given, of course, the more luxurious rooms in B ihe house itself ; but even here, crowd as they might, ? there was one too many. B| ' Let us draw lots which one of us is to sleep in the garden pavilion,' merrie voices had cried early in the evening. And to Marie, the lovely belle of Florida, fate ?willed, as they drew by turns, the shortest lot. '? You are not afraid ?' asked Charles Lee, tenderly. ' I use the lower room in the pavilion as my own study, but the upper bedroom has not been slept in for a long time. Pray tell me if you are at all nervous ? ' 'Not I!' laughed Marie, exultinglv. 'The most splendid time in my life was when I and two other girls camped out alone for a week in the woods in Florida. We each had a little tent under a tree, and it was lovely there at nights. The only things I feared at times were the great big snakes ; there wrere pale pink ones as thick as my arm, that were real ugly-' 'You shall have uo snakes to-night; and Aunt Topsv has had special orders to make you comfort able,' replied her enamoured host. ' But some of us must escort you to your bower.' They took lights and wound in a little procession through the garden. But none seemed in haste to thread the alleys winding among thickets of gorgeous Southern flowers. Lee, who led the way with his beautiful Marie, dallied purposely, delaying the moment of parting. Like Juliet, he would fain have said good-niglit till morrow. Somehow the other couples dropped behind and lingered likewise, whispering, with a light laugh now and again thrown in like the note of an awakened bird. But surely no pair whispered as low and eagerly, tremulously, as the first two who stood close side by side under the spreading branches of a great ' love ' (or evergreen) oak, enormous in girth and weight. This tree had witnessed likewise the loves and lives of four generations in that garden, and seemed to enclose the young man and maiden with lovingly rustling leaves, while the myrtle close by, stirred by the breeze, shook its milk-white blossoms of love, the emblem of happy marriage, on the pair, although unheeded. None were so tremblingly happy as the hand some young planter and the lovely girl who had just faltered out her promise to be his wile. For Lee had not been able to delay longer putting his fate to the touch. The question and answer, so momen tous to every human life, its midpoint of the j ouxney, had been asked and' answered by one more man and woman among the millions who have, and shall do so, on this marrying and giving - in - marriage earth. They had heard with rapture the love that either had kept hidden till now from the other, and, tasting the first delight of that mutual knowledge, already busied them selves forecastin g the still fuller happiness of coming years, when, by day and night, in joy or grief, they should be al ways together ! ' Only to think that so short a while ago I could not tell whether I was to he the most miserable or the happiest man alive for the remainder of my days!' exclaimed Lee, in fervid joy. 'And one moment of time — one spoken word decides it all ! What a strange thing is our life !' ' Take care. Do not speak so surely of happiness. Remember, death is always near,' murmured Marie de Paz, with superstitious dread of what seemed tempting, not the bright Providence of Christian faith, hut the darker spirit that seems to a pagan dread hidden away, dim but deep in most of our minds, to rule over the much evil of this world. She looked over her shoulder, awed as if she could see a shape, white-robed aud white-winged, but mystic and terrible, wandering through the cypresses. ' If you die first, I shall wish to die with you,' exclaimed Lee, aud as he drew her nearer to his side Marie recognised that it wa6 love himself— love only — who was hiding in the moonlit garden plots. ' But we will not think of sadness now,' went on the young man, gaily kissing the soft even hair that waved cloud-like about her head. 'Dream of me to- night, as I am certain to dream of you, and I shall remember this night alk- avs as one of the happiest of mv life.' . ' Yes, and the happiest of mine, echoed Marie de Paz, with ecstatic conviction. A hoarse sound, like an inhuman laugh, came from the bushes near. Both started as a bird whissed through the branches. They had heard its cry. 'That is a bad omen! ex claimed the girl, affrighted. A moment after a large bat wheeled across the path, almost striking in their faces with its leathern wing. ' Another ? !' she repeated. with some strange presentiment of evil drawing nigh. But Lee soothed and chid her with loving reproach till she laughed at herself. ' Forgive me ; I am too super stitious. But I am of Spanish descent, you know.' Tin. little trooD now moved on, as by mutual understanding, towards the pavilion at the end of the garden. , ? ? This was a small double-stoned building containing two rooms, of which the lower one was sometimes used by the young planter. Here, in lazy noontide hours of alternate siesta and study, he smoked his fragrant maiulla, and was soothed by the faint breeze from tbe river blowing through the open windows, that were shaded by thick magnolias, lofty love-oaks, and Pride of China trees. A small 6tair led to a charming little octagon bed room overhead where, a silver lamp burning showed that Aunt Topsy had amply done her utmost to obey her master's orders. New matting was spread on the floor. The little tent bedstead across one angle was freshly hung with blue-silk curtains and white muslin. Delicate lace draperies floated round the dressing-table and window ; while on one side was placed a silver tray, bearing a dainty little supper, a roast prairie chicken, glowing fruit, iced water and orangeade, and lastly, in a tall decanter of Venetian glass, that was a treasured heirloom in the Lee ' A line of dusky phantoms rose from the long grass.' — Surprise Creek. family, sparkled some of the rarest vintage from their I cellar. I The gay troop of girls who had rustled in with Marie burst into a rapture of envy and delight at her lodging. ' It is all right above there, I hope,' asked Charles Lee twice from the foot of the stair, where he waited. ' It is quite lovely ! I shall never wish for a better bedroom in my life,' answered Marie in good night. ' All right, indeed. Any of us would exchange with her gladly,' ' cried her friends in meaning tones, with envying smiles. Then the merry convoy flut tered downstairs ; but Louise and Daisy, Marie's greatest friends called up again, roguishly, ' Shall we keep the key of Sleeping Beauty's bower ? No harm can happen to you if we are portresses, dear, and in the morning we will come down here early to wake vrm mi' j v ~ 'r ' Yes ; that is a very good idea,' laughed Marie, leaning out of her window. So they locked her in, and left her alone in the garden pavilion, while their steps and voices soon died away, and only 6ilence remained. Only silence ! and the broad river's muddy flow outside, just lapping ever so faintly against the bank or levee like a sigh every now and then. But there were smiles on Marie's warm-kissed lips, and her eyes, like happy stars, gazed long and dreamily at the sky, not seeing dark, twisted shapes of cloud that began to drift across the moon, while a piled mass of ' I fell suddenly to the ground, wounded.' — Surprise Creek. blackness came travelling ominously fast up before the increasing wind. Presently the drooping branches by the river side rustled to and fro, as a sough passed through them ; the lianas and creepers swayed their pendant long arms ; the reeds shivered. A slight shiver passed through Marie, too, and she roused herself from where she knelt at the window-seat, and felt that she was chilled with night air, though love still nestled warm in her heart. Only silence again ! The wind had dropped for a little interval ; but through the silence came a long deep howl, the hay of a bloodhound from tbe over seer's house. Marie de Paz shivered, for superstition told her that death was hovering, even now, over some poor soul, and that anigh. She looked up quickly at the moon peering just then through a rift between wild clouds driving fast in strange, distorted shapes. 'Whe-ew ! With a long-drawn cry, rising to a shriek, the wind came again from out of the distance, sweeping over swamp and prairie, and bending the heads of the great woods ; and, closing the window, the beautiful Creole drew the curtain, and came back to the soft light and warmth within doors. Ah ! this was pleasant. It wag growing ghoulish outside in the dark ness, but in here she was safe and snug, and could still enjoy this — the happiest night of her life. Marie toyed, smil ing, with the tfruit on her supper-trav, raised a luscious nectarine to her.lips, and in playful malice woke up her paro quet that slumbered, close by on its perch to offer it some grapes. It was a very old bird — her dead mother's favourite. Marie went nowhere with out it. Sleepy at last, the young girl slipped into bed and nestled between the flue sheets scented with orange blossom. Soon she began to dream, but not as she had promised herself, happy visions of her handsome lover. Strangely, all sorts u£ dloiiiul bid fancies came to her sleeping imagin ation. She herself seemed alone away out in the dismal swamp there, with noxious creatures round her peering from under the fen and out of the slush with goggling, cruel eyes, greedy for prey. In the distance, on firm ground, Charles Lee was walking, and Mane strove to call to him; but a hideous, unknown thmg rose from out of the brake aud waved her back it seemed, while she could not utter a sound. Outside, in reality, the wind had risen to a wild gale, while the rain was falling in drenching torrents, making the dark night black as Erebus, and quench ing the moon. Perhaps the noise of the weather had caused poor Marie's nightmare ; hut she awoke with a start. What was that? . A scraping,- rustling noise sounded outside the par tition ; a breaking of twigs of the creepers on its walls ; then the fall of a heavy body. Marie was startled, and raised herself to listen. In another minute she would, perhaps, have collected courage enough to creep to the window and look out, wffen the scraping and shuffling up the wall began again. The girl could not move now, but waited, her dark eves dilated with terror. - ' The lamp still burned, though low, aud its gleam suddenly showed a dark hand passing over the panes. A thing so lean, and with such hideous crooked fingers and long nails, it seemed more like the talons of a bird of prey, hut for a 6kinny, almost fleshless Then the window opened, admitting a gust of night wind and rain, making the curtains flap wuldly, and extinguishing the lamp. But before the light went out, Marie, staring from between the closed silk cur tains, her heart giving great throbs of fear, like blows, saw an indistinct but horrible form hump itself on the sill and then drop into the room. It was a dark, seemingly but half-human shape, with the stooping action of a large monkey, with rolling eyes, the bald and jetty skull fringed by some few wholly ?white haiis ; yet the face resembled that of a very aged negro. « Ah ? h ! ! !'? Marie's lips parted to utter that wild scream which, ringing through the window and out across the garden, must startle the inmates of the house up yonder from their careless sleep. Not a sound came forth. The scream was only uttered by her mind ; the paralysed muscles of the girl's throat refused to act. Perhaps it was better so ; for no cry, however shrill, could have pieced through the howling of the wind and the crashing breaking of the branches of the tall trees around. The window was sharply closed ; and there came a Jaugh, so inhuman, so devilish in its horrible cackle, that it curdled the blood in the listening girl s veins. It was a laugh of gloating triumph ; such evil satis faction as might have come from a ghoul or a demon, but no creature in the semblance of man. A fetid odour, too, as of a wild beast, nauseous and horrible, made itself felt at the same time through the perfumed air of the room, making Marie sick. And stooping, as it seemed, on all fours, the thing began moving round the room, like a dog prowling, with the accom paniment of a strange, clanking noise. Some instinct of self-preservation— one of those movements natural to all creatures, even when reason is a blank and will 6eems utterly gone — canm to Marie almost unconsciously. Soft, soft ! oh ! so noiselessly J ? with breath held, and a white face staring in helpless horror, she slid from her bed behind the curtains into the angle of the octagon-shaped room, across which the bedstead stood. _ There was but a little space into which the terrified girl crouched : a corner so narrow that one would hardly have believed that it could have held even her slight form. And there was only a slight curtain between her and that awful prowling intruder ; but when hiding in deadly terror any shelter seems a refuge ; and from a sight of horror any screen, even the clasping of a woman's delicate hands before her eyes to shut it out from the brain that would other wisi- vr-nl is a lilessed veil, relief unsneakable ! Yet Marie ventured to steal a look out presently, that strange craving which longs to know the worst impelling her against her fears irresistibly. There was a slit where the curtains did not quite meet the wall ; and though the lamp had gone^ out the room was feebly lit by a faint glimmer. This came from a wick floating in a silver saucer full of oil, an old fashioned night-light left by Aunt Topsy, but that Marie had disregarded hitherto, preferring the brighter companionship of the lamp. She could only catch occasional glimpses of the dark form that passed her scope of vision, but_ it seemed examining the furniture all round with snuffling grunts of attention and surprise. Once it stopped so close to her that Marie's heart seemed to suspend beating, and no breath passed betwreen her parted lips. Then, as if satisfied— for the creature had been listening suspiciously, she knew — it moved _ away. Barely two or -iJwee . minutes Imd passed since it me chamber, but those minutes were hours ! \y jxil u spring nuw uic guusbiy visitor rusueu. at tne supper ; next giving a horrible howl of joy, like a wild - beast that, scenting danger, skulks round its meal, till reassured that neither trap nor ambushed foe is lurking near, liaising himself almost upright, hs snatched at the food with skinny black claws, and began tearing at it tooth and nail, mouthing and gorging, with mingled growls and inarticulate noises of satisfaction ; slobbering and mumbling, gnawing the bones of the fowl, the creature cracked them, as would a dog, between his jaws. Next the fruit, rind, stones, and all, were swallowed ; andj with an angry growl, the horrible midnight guest returned to some morsels dropped on the matting, scraping up, scavenger-like, every particle of cartilage or refuse to be found. There followed a sound of broken glass. In the uncertain light the living nightmare had dashed down the delicate Venetian drinking-glasses, Aunt Topsy's pride. As if (angered thereby, it snatched at the muslin and lace table-cover, and applied it to the night-light, so that the flame caught tne light fabric. Immediately the table was in a blaze. The room was vividly illuminated by the flame streaming upwards. 'With a new fear — that of being burnt alive to a cinder should the fire reach the bed-curtains in a few more seconds — Marie do Paz drew back a little of the drapery with trembling, bloodless fingers. A wild thought rose to her mind of rushing to the window and flinging herself down, for, alas ! the stairway only led to the door below, which was locked out side ! The sight she saw branded itself upon her brain. Not alone the dressing-table, but also the muslin window-curtains were on fire, and the quick tongues of flame licked their way up to the ceiling. ' Ha ! ha ! ha ! ' A yell of fiendish laughter cainc from the being, whether man or demon, who stood amid most of the burning mass. It was now fully re vealed. The figure was that of an old, old negro, destitute of clothing as the lowest savage but for some foul rags that still clung about his body — a form nearly bent double, whether from age or sickness, hideously shrunken, lean, almost fieshless. And on the wrists and legs of this wretched being were iron manacles, from which dangled links of broken rusty chain. He had caught up the decanter of wine, and was holding it aloft with long, skeleton arms — on which tW 4hn wiiicoIac cfnnH m ? + IIITA VITOVnc fkf nl o nlr T) til bUC UlUOvlvO DHWUi VUV Mtvv via. UiOuIk} tough cordage — in an ecstasy of rapture, his black head rolling from side to side and the whites of his eyes gleaming. While the tire curled around him he threw hack his head in maniac joy, and though the scanty woolly hairs were singed on his bald pate, raised the bottle to his mouth, and drained the fenerous vintage to the last drop. But then, flashing own the empty flask, he sprang, in sudden rage, at the remnants of the burning curtains, with the bound of an old panther, tore them down, and trampled the smouldering mass with naked feet, apparently in sensible to pain. Meanwhile, another noise mingled with the hoarse gibbering howls with which this savage war-dance was executed. The old paroquet, awakened by the sudden flare, was dashing -wildly to either side of its cage, flapping the wires with its wings and uttering discordant screams. It did not utter them long ! The black monster snatched at the cage door, and, gripping the poor bird with a cruel gripe, dragged it out, and wrung its neck. Then, with a vampire's horrible craving, it tore open the still palpitating body of its victim and drank the warm blood. Marie saw no more. Her own blood curdled in her veins, so that she sank down still lower in her hidding-place, cold as ice, with closed eyes, and fainted. . When the unhappy prisoner came to consciousness all seemed 6 till in the little chamber. The storm was over outside; the wild noises of the night were calmed ; and the moon shone out again. Dazed, and not remembering yet where she was, the girl strove to move from her cramped posture, vaguely imagin ing herself still in bed. A strange sound close beside her in the darkness made the hair of her head rise with sudden fear. Ah ! Marie remembered now. And it was here, at her very side in the darkness, this vampire — this grisly demon ! The poor girl held her breath till her temples throbbed to suffocation, while her ears were strained to catch any more of those sounds. They came, but regularly at recurring intervals. They were the snores of the living horror, whether evil 6pirit or human monster Marie knew not, that lay sleeping now on the dainty couch she had vacated. There was only a silken curtain between her and that foul presence which filled her with shuddering disgust even more than sickening fear. Only that between her and death — if it waked. The terrible moments of the night passed 60 slowly, Marie counted them by her own heart-beats. Once a desperate resolve rose in her mind to escape at any risk. The courageous creole nerved herself to rise softly from her lair. She hoped to draw back the curtain gently and make a sudden spring over the sleeping black mass that barred her way, and so burst open the window for freedom. What 'if she did break her neck in the fall ! Quick death was preferable to this unbearable agony ! She should go mad if it lasted. Marie moved the curtain a little; but however slightly, the creature near her must have had the instincts of a lynx, for it stirred at once, and the regular stertorous breathing stopped ! Merciful Providence ! All the previous dangers of the uight seemed as nothing to that supreme moment of terror. ShrinkingJjack against the wall, not a hand's breadth distance from the murderous monster, Marie remained quailing like a condemned creature who feels the executioner's hand already nearing. Her late scorn of death was forgotten in a wild craving for life — life that still leapt in her veins, but might be extinguished within her in another few brief secouds. The heavy breathing went on again, though irregu larly. Gradually the horrible snores recommenced. -Once more, after nearly an hour of waiting behind the bed, Marie tried stealthily to withdraw the cur tain. The same result followed, but even more alarmingly. The old monster was growing wakeful ; yes, more and more wakeful. At last — oh, horror ! — it roused completely and turned itself with violence, so that Marie felt the bed shaking and the curtain blown out slightly, touching her in the face. Then, seeming vexed by disturbance, or from what ever other cause working in its Caliban mind, the thing burst out into loud weeping. Such weeping, mingled with gnashing of teeth, howling, frantic con tortions of body, and inarticulate outcries most horrible of all, because seeming like the sounds of a mute trying in vain to make himself intelligible in direst need to fellow human beings. No ; worse than that. As Marie de Pax listened, a ghastly conviction came upon her that these cries, as of a lost soul, did indeed truly belong to such an un happy one. This wretched negro beside her had been taken possession of by a demoniacal spirit, perhaps by many such, whose name was legion. Half dead, the girl put her fingers in her ears, and strove to shut out those heartrending cries. Would they never cease ? Then Marie prayed wildly. She prayed for help for herself, mercy upon and escape from this most miserable being, that would rend her in pieces if it but knew she trembled close by, defence less. Poor girl ! Even through her own terrors she could still feel that divine pity for another being sunk in far more direful misery — this lost soul, condemned to know no hope, no forgiveness, through all the abysses ol eternity. Then came maddened thoughts, mute cries to her lover. He was so strong, so fearless ; and lying, no doubt, happily asleep. Could he not know ? Could not love's instinct warn him that some few hundred yards away she was in such ghastly peril ? Now the demoniac was rolling m agonies within merely an inch of her. That ho had not yet found out her presence only prolonged the agony of what must come any moment, unless a miracle intervened. Her tender flesh shuddered 6ickeningly, as if already at the mercy of those cruel, yellow teeth, those sharp talons. He was writhing nearer now — now ! Marie gave herself up for lost, and waited the end with a dead calm of despair. Charles Lee awakened lazily about this time. He was too happy to sleep ; yet it was too early to rouse fully. In the feverish snatches of sleep he had been able to court (what between his own over joy and the noises of the storm), the young planter's dreams were all of Marie. Now he would eujoy his more wakeful thoughts of her, and so lay in that blissful state of semi-somnolence when one dreams still of what one will. His beautiful Marie, with her eyes like wells of black light, and the soft cloud of hair fringing her forehead with the sweetest dark halo that worshipper ever saw. He would not stir yet awhile, but lie still, and draw happy pictures of their future. . . . . Yet, now that he was awake, 6ome impulse began tormenting Lee to rise. Plague upon it ! he was quite happy ; he would not move. Despite him self he grew more and more restless, however; it would not do, he could not lie quiet. 'Well, there, the sun was rising ; as it seemed he must, why he would rise also. The first morning rays of the sun shone upon the wet earth as Lee came outside. The leaves of the peccan trees were glistening ; fresh, resinous fragrance came from the red and white cedars ; the giant pine trees stood up rejoicing, splendid in their majestic height. The broad Mississippi was flowing past, its surface ruffled now by the morning breeze ; and up by the sugar-plantations, where the great river was higher by eight or nine feet than the surrounding grounds, a solitary watcher could be descried moving on the leeve or bauk. Lee had half a mind to turn his steps tliither and make inquiries of this guard concerning the past night's storm. It had been unusually severe, and the danger in that country of a break in the dykes that hem in the river's waters is great, for a crevasse will cause the country to be inundated for miles. He would just go and see — — But something kept dragging him irresistibly in the direction of the garden pavilion. Lee smiled to himself; yet it was an uneasy smile. And his foot steps hastened with something beside a lover's usual cge-'-.c « down the garden path, while a strange ? aed upon his spirits. He did not give a glance at the dew shining m -silver on the 6nowy masses of jessamine, nor at the rosy-bluslring olean ders, but went straight on past all the morning sweet ness and freshness of the flowers, till the garden pavilion came in sight. Pausing then, under a great Pride of China tree, with its lilac flowers and poisonous berries, Charles Lee stood to gaze awile at his lady-love's bower. A smile broke out on his face ; why, all was right here ! 'What fancy had possessed him just now ? A very handsome young fellow Lee looked, in his spot less white linen summer garb, as he took off his large straw hat to feel the early breeze play over his cluster ing locks. Hark ! What was that ? A long wail from the garden- house, surely. Yes — and another ! But at the first Lee leapt forward, and in a few bounds reached the pavilion, door, and was thundering it it. ' Marie, Marie, are you ill ? Tell me. Open the loor !' he shouted. Ah, fool ! He had forgotten she was locked in. The cautious opening of the window, a rustling, descending sound caught Charlie's quick ear. Be tween him and that side of the summer-house was a little thicket of roses and close-grown shrubs. In stead of going round this by a winding path, Charlie tried to crash through; hut the thorny choctaw roses caught his clothes fast, and though he tore and struggled on, it was only to see a hideous black body descending the walls, holding monkey-like to the creepers. Dropping on the ground, it made off wider the shrubbery, bent almost on all fours, like a grey headed ape. Lee dashed in pursuit 011 the first impulse of re venge, not even asking himself what this flying monster might be, but madiy assured by those late wailing cries that Marie — his Marie — had been in deadly terror, was, perhaps, oh! heavens, dying up there. But though he caught sight for a few minutes of a dark object moving sw iftly and stealthily through the jungly undergrowth, presently he lost it alto gether, and plunged in vain among the bushes. Hacked by a fresh thought, that he might even now be wasting the last chances of saving Marie's precious life, he rushed wildly back, and called frantically up to the window. No answer came back. Casting his eyes about, Lee wrenched the stone top off an old 6un-dial, and in another two minutes the door of the pavilion lay flat upoii its hinges, whilst he burst upstairs. The room was empty. No Marie lay murdered there, as he had dreaded to see. Only wild disorder, silence, and the ^charred remains of the burnt curtains. With a terrible cry of despair and wrath, Charlie gazed at these — yet no, it could not be that ! A movement of ungovernable rage made him tear the dainty bed-curtains aside, as if to destroy some thing relieved his agony of powerlessness. There, behind in the angle, cowered Marie in her white, delicate-frilled nightgown. Her face was pale as a corpse, her lips ashen. The dark eyes that met Lee's full had no recognition in their fixed stare. In vain Lee addressed her in the most imploring, endearing accents. She only moaned a little in silence. Then he lifted her up in his arms and found she wras icy cold and almost dead from fear, though with no least sign of scratch or hurt. Lee carried her to the house, and at his loud calls the ladies there hastened to his help. They placed Marie in a warm bed, and tried all restoratives. At last she revived, and, turning her dark eyes on Lee, who was standing behind the others, but watching the result with the deepest anxiety, murmured : ' Ah ! you saved me — just in time !' She shuddered, but then closed her eyes with a happier expression, and Lee was not allowed to stay longer. There was an early start that morning for the young men. But wild fowl were safe in mere and stream, as were the creatures of wood and prairie. Near the house two great bloodhounds strained at their leashes; whilst the several young planters, whose horses were being saddled in haste, looked to their guns carefully, yet wondering who or what it was they should pursue. Then the hounds were put on the trail in the shrubbery, and the hunt followed, keeping outside the underwood through which the hounds pressed, every now and then giving deep tongue. The riders galloped out into the more open grounds, the bloodhounds tracking the fugitive, how ever, always through copse and scrub, for the trail showed a wonderful knowledge, in the quarry of the country traversed. Past the overseer's house and the long rows of negro cabins and little gardens, the good-humoured population emerging in their blue cotton garments to grin wonderinglyatthe cavalcade ; along the edges of the cotton-fields, further and further, by great sugar-cane grounds. The hounds ?were hot on the scent now ; the riders were gallop ing fast. ?'There it is!' cried Lee suddenly, with a great execration such as seldom or never 'passed his hps ; but now his blood was up, and he only thought of revenge. All saw the dark object ahead — an old wizened negro, bent well-nigh double, but running with wonderful speed towards an almost impenetrable thicket while straining his gaze backwards. Some fancied they could descry the terror on the hideous face even at that distance.' 'Head him! By Jove, he'll escape us!' shouted Sam Lee, setting spurs to his horse. But before he could reach the spot the being ahead had dashed into the jungle like a rat into an amuu.su. ' To the far side — he is making for the swamp !' yelled Charles Lee, as the bloodhounds disappeared after their elusive prey, crashing through the pea vines and boughs of close-growing, thorny shrubs, almost impenetrably woven. '? A nigger ! a runaway ! 'Who is It ? Has anyone been missed hereabouts?' called the other young frl I0W6 to each other. ' Not for years. No one knows of such,]' was the wondering reply. * None knew whence the wizard-like apparition had come, that seemed so bent with infirmities, but ran with the speed of a hunted wolf. Hounding the wood, they saw Lee was right. , The flying figure had gained the swamp, and darted into it with wild leaps from grass tummock to tummock m a zigrag course, that was evidently a track it knew. For the hounds were labouring after it, and no lpnger exactly following the trail, as they saw their game, plunging up to their shoulders in evident distress; As they slipped and floundered, the creature ahead stopped on a. thorny fen-mound . at a distance, and made frenzied gestures of scorn, capering, gibbering, and flinging up its arms and legs. In the midst of its glee, falling flat suddenly, it lay still a few moments^ then crawled slowly out of sight. 'Almost spent, whatever the cursed goblin may be,' muttered Charlie Lee, springing from his horse ; ' call on tne nounas. w in anyone come too s With that he began wading into the swamp ; yet not at haphazard, but trying to pursue the erratic course the ugly ape-fiend had taken. Sam Lee followed him, as did their overseer. Slipping, floundering, but still finding more foothold than in all the impassible bog around, they reached the fen-brake ahead, but it was empty ! A thing like a large black frog could be described, however, dragging itself ahead through the treacherous watery swamp, towards a little thicket. More slowly, because Tunning greater risk in the slimy quagmire which might engulf them at any moment, the pursuers followed. At last they reached the thicket, and were surprised to feel solid ground beneath their feet. Warily surrounding the scrub, all three burst through the thick pea-vines into a little clearing in the middle, like the lair of a wild animal. There lay the old negro's body, face downward, and with arms outstretched, but motionless now— dead ! , With loathing curiosity they gazed on the horribly ' shrunken limbs, the bits of rusty chain, the rotten rags. Then the overseer turned over the body to see the face, and gave a start and a low whistle of great surprise. ' It can't be ! — 110 ! yet, by all that's infernal, it is !' ' Who ?' asked both brothers in eager tones. 'When I was quite a boy,' said the overseer, slowly, ' and I'm turned fifty now, there was a dumb nigger called Joe, tliat was a terror to the folks down thar by ? .' He named a plantation that lay beyond the farthest limits of the great swamp. ' Folks said he must have sold hisself to the devil, his rages were so violent. At last he went clean mad, and though his master was too kindly a man to ? deal with sich — too tender to hurt a fly, as I mind him — that v. as too much. So they chained him in a sort of strong cellar, and had to throw down his food with caution even there. After two or three years he escaped, and a loose panther in a farmyard would hardly have caused more of a skeer among the folks, niggers as well as whites. But from that day to this no one ever saw him again, nor heard tell — not for sartin, that is.' ' But what did they hear r ' inquired Cnarles Lee further. ' ' Well, there were rumours of his ghost being seen on wild nights, like last one ; niggers' tales, no one of sense gave much heed to.' ' Still, you may be mistaken about him.' ' No, Mr. Chartes— not I. When I was a little lad I was taken to see him in his pit, and could never forget that hellish face glaring up at me, if I lived, like him, till a hundred.' ' A hundred — impossible! ' ejaculated Sam. ' Well, he uiout be any age betwixt eighty-seven and a hundred, but I'm pretty sartin he's nearer the latter,' surliiy answered the overseer. ' Why, the devil that was inside him would have made a mummy skip. Joe should be glad to have quiet now, I guess.' He pointed significantly at the shrunken body with its skeleton ribs. The corpse seemed only composed of parchment skin, bones, and cordage, while the face indeed was wrinkled and weazoned beyond any con ceivable degree. 'Unhappy creature!' muttered Charles Lee; ' perhaps, indeed, it is rest for him at last.' In spite of a severe brain fever, Marie de Paz re covered, and was still a beautiful though a very pale and fragile-looking bride when she ana Charles Lee were happily made one. Yet her hair grew gray early in after life, and some supposed its silver fram. ing to her still ripe beauty was due to that terrible night. And though the pavilion was razed to the ground and the 6pot planted over with myrtles, she always avoided that part of the garden where it had stood. 