THE BIOGRAPHER. MR THOMAS HARDY, NOVELIST. Oar readers will be interested in the following sketch of tbo distinguished author of "The Major of Casterbridgo " — a novel of intense in terest now appeariug serially in tho columns of The Leader : — " Country folk who, shortly after sunrlso, plod along tho narrow lanes strctehing to the east of Dorchester, have their eyes fre quently attracted by a crimson spot high on a distaut ridge of the landscape, and so in- tensely colored in tho early sunlight as almost to resemble a drop of blood. Though this optical effect is produced at points in hill and dale too remote for distinguishing details of tho tiling seen, there aro few who do not know it to bo tho residence of Mr. Thomas Hardy, tho novelist.'or, as they express it, "tho man that makes np books about wo." Tho houso that is thus, from its position, almost the first ob ject in tho neighborhood to catch tho sun's morning rays, and tho last to relinquish its evening glow, is approached from Dorchester by passing over Gallows llill— a historic spot, wheroon oighty of Jeffreys' victims suffered after tho Bloody Assize — and thence along tho old Wareham-road across an open down. From this side tho building appears as an unpre tending rod-brick structure of moderate size, somewhat quaintly built, and standing in its own grouuds, which aro divided from tho upland without by an enclosing wall. Bo- liind the sito of a huge pre-historic barrow, crowned with a plantation, swells into the sky. The placo in as lonely as it elevated, and it is evident that from tho narrow windows of a turret, which rises at tho raliont angle, an extensivo view of the surrounding country may bo obtained. Moulded brick string courses, thick sash bars and other features seem to mark tho nrchi tecturo as a sort of compromise be tween tho Jacobean and Georgian stvlcs. The houso is of recent erection, and was the design of its owner and occupant who, before ho de finitively adopted fhc profession of letters had served his articles with an architect, and, durin tho years of his residence in London, was con sidered a promising representative of tho young Gothic school that flourished contemporaneously with the pre-Bapbaclito movement in painting, and was led by Sir Gilbert Scott, Messrs. Street, Buttorfiold, Blomfiold and other well known architects. At this incipient stago ol his career Mr. Hardy was awarded tho medal of tho Eoyal Instituto of Architects and other art prizes for his various productions. From the whito ontranco gato in tho wall a short drivo, planted on tlio windward sido with beech and sycamore, leads up to the houso, arrivals being notified to tho inmates by tho voico of n glossy black setter, who comes into viow from the stable at tho back as far as his chain will allow him. Within, wo find ourselves in a small square hall, floored with dark polished wood, and resembling rather a cosy siltingroom with a staircase in it than a hall as com monly understood. It is lighted by a window of leaded pnnos, through which may bo soon Conygoro Hill, Como Plantations, and tlio elevated sea mark of Culliford Tree. The appointments here, as elsewhere, aro distin guished by a simplicity truly in keeping with tho character of tho novelist : xYon ebur nequr. nnreum . . . rcnidet in dumo lacunar. Confronting us is an ancient brass case clock, which strikes with a hesitating whizz simul taneously with a yet older and yet moro hesitating one handed specimen hard by ; and over the door on cither hand is a freizc like arrangement of illustrations from Mr. Hardy's stories. Among the other objects on tho wall we moro particularly notice portraits of Tcnicrs, Mozart, Balzac, and a fine engraving of Gcorgo Sand in her prime, after tho well known paint ing by Chnrpentier. Tho broad, heavy framed window of tho dining room is so high as to afford little exterior outlook in that direction, an arrangement which imparts considerable privacy to tho apartment, from a lower window at the side, however, wo have a full view of the immonsc ramparts of Maiden Castle, which, to quote from one of this writer's stories describing the placo, "rises ngainst tho sky with a Titanic personality that compels tho senses to regard it and consider." Although the spot is more than a mile distant, the sentence docs not exaggerate the . strango force with which the magnificent earthwork impresses its presence upon the occupants of this room. From tho same window wo discern, high on Blackdou, tlio monument to Sir Thomas Hardy, Nclsouis captain, a circuustauce which reminds us that the author is tho third of tlio Thomas llardys, bom and resident in this immediate locality, whose names have become known to the outside world ; tho first in point of date being tho Edwardian Thomas Hardy, probably ancestor of the rest, who founded the neighbor ing grammar school and many notable charities in tlio county and elsewhere. The drawing room discloses a window so nrranged as to lorm u ironic to the imposing tumulus before men tioned, known on ordnance maps us Conquer Barrow, probably a corruption of 6ome earlier name. Immediately on looking round tlio room we observe that Mr. llnrdy's collection of old china is of a very peculiar kind. In place of the regulation Nankin, cracked, and what not, wo sco groups of black urns and vases of various designs characteristic of Anglo-Roman work of the third or fourth century, vividly recalling the pots and pans of Mr. Alma Tndcina's picture of the Visit of Hadrian to tho British Potteries. With somo surprise we learn from our hostess that such urns as these abound in the earth bcuca'li onr feet, the speci mens on the shelves having been dug np in excavating the foundations at the building of tho houso. Human skeletons were also dis covered hero, curiously interred in oval graves cut from the maiden chalk, each body lying on its right side, with tho knees drawn up to tho chest in a manner strongly sugges tive of the chicken in the egg-shell. With these venerables of crockery lie nu iron blade, the head of a spear taken from tho side of one of tlio same interred Roman warriors; and a gilt bronze fibula — similar to those in the British Museum — which Mr. Hardy himself unfastened from the forehead of a scull discovered under his kitchen, proving that these clasps were used to sustain some sort of head fillet, and not only the cloak or other garment, as usually supposed. Pieces of red Samiau, fragmonts of iridescent glass, ornamental tiles aud other unmistakable tokens of Roman occupation aro exhibited about the house. We further learn that the drive is fringed with many more skeletons of these Romano-British, with their urns and swords and spears still undisturbed, except in so far that soveral of tho warriors wero de capitated in making the rood. Wo aro fain to confess to some feeling of croepiness ; but Mrs. Hardy assures us that one soon gets indifferent to such silent companions, fifteen centuries being too wide a gulf even for a ghost to flit over. Tho impression is of short duration, our attention being attracted by an original drawing of Mr, Du Maurier'B illustrating an incident in A Laodicean, and containing an excellent por trait of tlio artist himsef. Here also are several water color sketches by Mrs. Hardy, represent ing actual spots that aro described under fictitious names in her husband's stories, notably Mr. Penny's shop and tho Tranter's homo in The Greenwood Tree, and Weatherbury farm house in Far/rum the Madding Crowd. Fr in the large front window we get occasional glimpses, beyond the paddock where tbo Romans of the Empire lio, of carriors' tilted waggons with divers modifications of Trantor Dewy bearing tlio reins, of passing flocks of sheep with thoir shepherds and their dog-, re minding ns of Gabriel Oak aud bis four-footed assistant George, a facsiuiilo of Norcombe Down rising behind them. Mr. Hardy'B writingrooin is up-stairs, and to reach the door we pass uudcr a small archway at the end of the landing. Behind the arch is a slyly-con trived pnssagc and stcop staircase, closed by a gliding- door. This species of adit affords, if necessary, a way of escape to one who' is not a cociety man, when ho is likely to bo invaded from tho front stairs. In the shadow of the arch hangs a drawing of woird and sombre effect— apparently a procession of . Achcrontic ghosts, pallidly emerging from black fog, bu' really the life sizo profiles of vurious members of Mr. Hardy's family, portrayed by himself on tho principle of tho silhouette reversed, and somewhat suggestive of iho groups of fuinily portraits by Ambrogio Borgognono in tbo National Gallery. Wo enter iho writingroom — n long- upiirtineut, solidly furnished, without a siuglo article in it that is not requirod for use, our author's indiflcrenco to things, as such, showing strongly here— mid there rises from a writing-tablo to moot us a somewhat fair-complexioncd man, a trifle below tho mid- dlo height, of slight build, with a pleasant thoughtful face, exceptionally broad at the temples, and fringed by a beard trimmod after tho Elizabethan manner j a man readily sociablo and genial, but ono whose main con voys tho impression that tlio world iu his eyes has rather more of tho tragedy thau tlio comedy about it, and that ho is disposed to rate lifo. and what it can give, at no very extravagant value Mr. Hardy has been revising tho proof-sheets of his Graphic story, Tho Mayor of Castcr- bndpe, and as wo scat ourselves in Gabriel Oaks chair— a high-backed willow-seated articlo of furniture seen in many of the Dorset cottages, and known, locally, as n ' shepherd's chair — wo listen to as mucli of this writer's experiences of authorship, mid description of his methods of work, as ho is disposed to tell us. When he has a story in band, he berius writing immediately after breakfast, nnd" re mains indoors until ho has finished for the day oven a very little time spent in the open lur before boginning proving fatal to any work till after nightfall. When not dictating, a practice ho indulges in occasionally, but not fro- qnently, ho prefers working nlonc, bold- iug, moreover, with his friend Mr Aubrey do Vcre, that not only a solitary room' but nil impregnablo house, would bo the most desirable placo for complete literary per formance. Many chapters of his stories havo boon printed without revision, precisely as written down in the first heat of conception on the other hand, great portions— perhaps a majo- rity of his pages —represent a second writing Speaking as to the principles he observes in tho art of fiction, Mr. Hardy rather humorously cxprcssos his wonder whether his literary prin ciples will go tho way of his architectural canons. When ho was iu a stato of pupillage in that art, he wns taught, and firmly believed, that, as thero was ono true God, there was one truo stylo of architecture— tho Btvlo of the thirteenth contury Gothic ; that all othorstyles wero flat, stalo and unprofitable ; in a word wrong. » Now, where has thirteenth century architecture gono?" asks Mr. Hardy, u \Vo havcdanced adoringly down tho vista of ' wrong' styles sinco then. So with fiction : to- day's moat is to-morrow's poison. Ncverlho loss I have a view or two of my own, which I hope may not prove erroneous." In politics, lie tc- marks that his principles aro " (hose of Bob Sawyer, a kind of plaid." In tho main, his books are written with an eye rnthcr to a raas- culino thau to'a feminiuo audience, and to middle age women rather than to girls in their teens. The older ho gets, the inorc abundant do materials seem to become, cropping up in overy daily incident. His sense of flagging is limited to the clerical labor, that wonhl bo necessary to work all his conceptions out. In common with most novnlists, Mr. Hardy sorao- tiines receives extraordinary letters from strangers, concerning the characters and scenes of his books. For instance, a worthy trades man writes from tho other end of 'England, that ho is both surprised and annoyed to find that a relative of his, who sorvo l in the army during the great war with Bonnpnrtc, should havo been introduced under his real name, bat cruelly misrepresented in character, in the pages of The '1 rumpet Major. Another sends a formidable letter, extending to several quarto pages, to prove that his relative has received the same unfair treatment in another novel. It is hardly necessary to say that in theso and other cases tho coincidences, though remark able, aro purely accidental, Mr. Hardy having never, in the wholo of his experiences, made use of a surname appertaining to a known real charactor. Not nnfrequently, too, come letters from ladies, charging him with holding n rather low estimate of womankind in general, and with foiling to apprcciato tho excellences of the sex. To tho shelves of miscellaneously in teresting literature which aro ranged in othor ports of the room, one comer furnishes an ex ception of a most prosaic kind. Here aro notices that refer to tho granting of licences and affairs of police, together with Stone's Justice of the Peace ; Mr, Hardy being an activo magistrate in tho neigh boring town, where, according to his own account, he plays the part of Justico Sileneo with great assiduity, though admitting that tho duties of tho office keep him in touch with some sterner facts of existence that ore apt to bo lost sight of in tho dream-world of books. This slight dissonaueo in its appointments notwith standing, the room is an inspiring placo for imaginative work by reason of its wido outlook upon an ancient country full of historic sugges tions. Tho " Wessox" that we sco around is tho arena of Mr. Hardy's actors, just as Paris, with its environs, was of tho characters of Honord do Balzac, and Midlothian was of the characters of Scott. From the front window of this workroom we look upon tho " Ovcrcombe Down," which was tho sccno of much of tho action in The Trumpet Major ; from tho side window wo discern 111 tho far distnnco dark out lying portions of " Egdon Health "—including tho summit upon which Enstacia stood— tho local t of The Return of the Native ; and from tho further ond of tho room we see tho " Tal- hury Wood" of The Greenwood Tree, bits of Bathshcba Everdeno's farm, and, away to tho left, somo of tbo scenes of his current story. Across tho intervening fields, in a south- easterly direction from Afax Gato, at tho foot of Loscombo Hill, nestles among its trees tho thatched rectory house, which has long been tho home of Mr. Hardy's friend and noarest neighbor, William Barnes, tho Dorset poet. While wo stand discussing with the novelist tho fidelity to nature of tho peasantry in Poems in the Dorset Dialect, we note, low lying about Maiden Castlo, huge masses ol cloud, now luminous with the splendor of sunset, anon livid with tones of approaching niglit and tempest. In a few minutes tho whito figures of innumerable seagulls, hastening inland from tho not far dis tant English Channel, rise nhovo the ridgo of hills in that direction — another intimation 01 imminent rough weather. So we take leave, and pass down the hidden line of headless soldiers of tho Empire, whose shadowy fomis coino mingling in our mind's sight with the familiar shapes of Batlisheba smouldering reeu sheaves, and Gabriel Oak thatching ricks, liko thoso in tho fiold beforo us, amid the fury 01 such a storm as seems now to threaten the country sido. 