GEOFFREY'S WIFE. : "Everybody fojt an intorest m thom. Thb mob-capped sorynntB hung . ovor tho banisters to watph.tliem go downstairs. Alplionso resorved for thom. tho littlo round tablo in Hip window, wliicli com manded tho- beat viowoftho court, with its dusty ilowor-pots, grouped" round an intermittent squirt ofwator. Even tlie landlord found " himself often in tho gate-' Way whom tiioylpnespd :in„or; Olit in order, to bow. and recoivp. a niorry word arid glanco. ///Evorithb. cqiiciVrge, wlfo dwelt '.retired, ; aloof " from sthb contact "of tiio; .outor. world. in.iiia narrow key-adorned: shriiiq, unbent' to tliom, and smiled hack -when thoy smiled: _ < " . It was a.qncor littioold-fnsliionod hotel, rather out of the way; novortiioloss young? : innrricd cOuples had stayc-d" there before, Thpir.iiajno indeed lit certain. periods/of; vUie.y'ear-W(iB-Iion.jiThpreiwore''bOror- youifg; marnetl;' couples ; stag VthoW.atl tiirvt'a'poeUliar'iritorestattoched'td' young niarriucl ;,'o'6uj)lo.d Foryoho. tiiihg ' they were .SQ - ahimrdly, so genuinely hiippy, Poeplol Monsiour Iierdux him- Belf.aiidotliera,li.beonhappyinan' early portion of thpir m jrried lives before, .hut no t iike tliia. coupler. Peoplo hndiiwlj ! houoymoons before, ' hut; never ! one lileo : this couple. Although;; thoy WCIO Kng. 1 lish tlioy.wofo so linhdsoiiio and so sunny, : aiVd lio.wasco well mado' and devotcd,:tlio clnunbennaids thought ; and. ah I hov; alio ; vrtmpiquantc I. the .waitors agreed. < ;--They liad ,a little $ittiiig-room;. It waa not - pitting-rooin, hocaUEiO tiioy wero not. very . rich, but' <3cdffroy . (sho ; chohght it sucli a lovely nairibi; aiid .sb ' tnieumnipn !) jthought it tho most p'erf oot: 'Httlo sittingrrodm in tho wprldiwlion tlio' waa indt ;"ahd:Mi'a. Gooflroy alBo likcd it vory muoli— oh i very much indeed; o lie had had ' hard work to' win her. Soihotimos wlion ho - watched - lior tang-; ling 'jnaiiy-cblourcd .wools .ovor -tho. ma-. hogahy"back, of ono- of tiio tiglit librab- Hair qliaiis, lio could hardly bpliOvo that lip " really ' was ; 'his ; info, that hod waa . : actually, on tliat hpnbymobn for wliicli hp : had wotked and waited Bo long. Beneath itho-jbilety and tlio elastio spuritof youth tlioro":waa.'a dopth 'of earnestnessi in Goofliby which . the littlo iwifo -vnguoly; wondered at, and valued as BQmbtJiihgbb- yond lior lion,;but infinitoly heroio,d, ' With all' thb inight of liia; strong young manhood hp loved tho protty gontlo creai turo, who. loved him so delightfully, in return . Ho had mover had ; inuoh to, do with womankind, ond.ho felt a respeetful tondbrhossifor ovorything ofrliora, froih uoc-'jirun miud,' tb her foolish: littlo shoo , laco which was neyor tirod bf poming 'un- . dono, and' whioh ho waa novfir .tired of. doing',. upi THe lawful reapohsihility of . guardirfg; sueli, a : trcasuro, and an ovcr- wholniiiig"cqnapofitBfnigdity,wbrolovor bofoni;luB .mind. Ho. laughed and was gay wiUi hpr, . but inehis heart of hearts thoro v/ap a deep.' intpnab joy nigli to pain, d-:wondor that, j lio - should have boon' singled out from among.: all blip sons of mon to.iiavb tlio one pearl of groat prico in fclljfl t world;1 .bestowed upon " him. Ho looked ' upon1 hor ; with . something of : rovoronco, and tlianlccd God for hor. You boo ho was but young, not moro than' five-" and-twonty, and luimblo-nuhdcd in soino : ways, boing, without a young plan's proper fooling of conferring' a benefit Von tlio ' tDiniin ivliolu lie honours vrithhis reremi, . Tiipy had como to Paris, and to d'asis only, and partly because slur was not very strong, and was not to bo dragged through snow and BltaTtcn in (diligences liko other common brides.- Tlio baro idea of Eva in d/diligei.-y:er. v rariiping inhSwitzbrhmd . yivas not. : j : ditof.' bToV ; GeofTray" know hei h. ; . . .. . ihafc. "Aquiet foiiiiight' in Paris; tile : sra, tlio Exliibitioiii Vor- Baillos,- St. Cloud, nnd Notre Daino— theso woro . dissijiations'- not cidculntod to- dis turb tlio oxquinito poiso of a lioidth of suoli incntimablo vrtluo. - Ho know . Paris woll. Ho.bad seen it ; all in tlioso miser-, ahlo dayiiiWhon ho had ruobod across tlio water witlunon companions, knowing no hotter, and bi n way enjoying >liimsolf ovon then. . - , - ; - Amino ho took- hor- to.St. Cloucl' anpl: slioiYod hor tlio wrbekod 1'alaoo, and thoy wondorod by. tho fountains and hmifdit: .gauflVccakciriivluclilio told:hpy:\yniitiille"d: " phiiiiir Only ho /yvns£ ivrohg, (what 'did that iHalter 'f :, and fclioy 1 wont'dpivu tp Ycrsaillbsy.and baw pyerything that oyery"" body Ohio has soon, only : they saw it' glorified — at least : ho did. And they, waudoied.aboub the Iiouvrc, and slio liiil hor fnco in her two littlo hands whon ho uliowcd hor tlio picture or tlio Elooil, and \- J pho loved1 tho saorod pictures, : and' ho loved hor tho moro for loving tliom. And ' thoy sat vory quiotly in Notro Damo, and listened to Uilialf: divine organ and' a wholly divinb clibir,- and Geoffrey looked .1 It tho sweet pwcd faco besidohim, and wondorod if Jho. could ovor . in all his lifb bo -worthy of her, and though of courbo being a Protestant ho did not liko topray in a Koman Oatholio Ohuroh, lio still como yoryvnoar it, and jras I darosay nono tlio wotso. And now tho fortnight was nearly ovor, Eya was still qnito woil, Goofiiy roflcctcd with conscious prido. Hor mother,' !' whom ho stood in gToat awe, hormothor, who had an avowed disbelief in tho moral qualities of second sonsy ovon hor. mother \--would not bo nblo to find any. fault. Why James himself, ills oldest brothor, whom olio had always oponly preferred, could not hayo dono- bettor .than: ho'.'hod dono; Ho who had so longed to toko hor away was almost longing to take hor back homo, just for, fivo minutes to show lfor family how blooming slio wosy how trustworthy ho hadjproviShnnsolf to.bo, _ Tlio fortnight was noariy ovor, and their it was to ho Homo, H6mo, Homo l to ai .cortaih. . glorifiad tononiont . in - Charles .Stroet,, wliicli iya3 to bocoino thencefor ward a Pnradiso on earth, in whioh iff his mind's. oyq'' ho; already ;bmt' hor flitting abouty a' slim graoeful 'figure, lior pretty: grey gown (tho ono -sho had on at that voiy momont) enolosihg in onb Bmnll com- Eass ovory virtue in partioulor- which liad ithortp bcon diffused' in greater or loss- dpgrpes over womankind in'gonoral.' ! \- Tho fortnight iwaa ..ovor on Saturday, but at tho, last moniont on Saturday morning thoy decided to Btay till Monday. Waa it not Sunday, tlio night of tho great Illuminations? suggested Alphonso ro- prouclifuUy; Wore . not tho Champs Ely s(5os to present a " spcctaolo ? Wore not fires of joy and artifico to mount from tlio Bois do Bbulogno ? - Surely Monsieur and Madampwould stay for.tho Hlui'nlha- tionsl Was' not tho Btnmgpr Coming from unknown distances to soo tho Illumina tions ? Wore not tho Illuminations iff honour of tho Exhibition? It could hot .bo tliat Monsiour wotdd suflor Madame to miss tho Illuminations. : "V Eva was all cagornoss to, stay. Two more nights in. Paris .1 . To 'gb out in tho .summer, evening and scb Paris en fiUil Delightful 1 Goofiroy'.wna not to say ono word I. Ho did not wank to. Woll, novor mind, hp was not to say ono, but sno was' going jhstantly, that voiy moment, " to stop Grabham packing up/ and ho was going iristantly, that voty moment, to lob Monsieur Loroux know thoy intended' to stay on. . And thoy both went instantly, that voiy moment, and thoy. stayed on, iuid ho 'wos ' vory sovoro in conaoquonco, ond rofusbd to allow her to tiro herself on Saturdihr, and, insisted on her resting all Sunday lutornoon, .-as a proptuation for thb db-' sipatipn of tho' pyonuig. ; Thoy had . met' soino Englisbibnends onSunday niornihg whu had invited tliom .to coinp to their hoiiso inthoOliamps Elysdcs -in tho coyrso : 0 VOnihg to .'SOO tllfl. Ulnmitinfcfofltt Wtioir,' balcony, ' Ajid 'thon fcowiiida night Gpoffifey becarao ihore fiOvero> ,'Hiid -utBiatedonaiBtuidresB mBf'afcottiotiV causQrho folfc CDitiuri ifc/wouldnob boso: hoi, towards, tho middler'.df Uie hight as it;. Clioa.waa.-V Sho u said . . fchinga . to hiih) ah4-'they,:;Bftllied- togotiher ainluooolo(>1f »appy as 7-' i: will iiofc bo of return to tho early ; niioniuigs' I soo it ;woll," i said Loroux. '.?Vff'to thom. " Moiisiour does -woll : to tako : tho; littlo c/t for Madanio for- :fcar later sho Bhoul fdol howeHvfresH.:'' /But .as for min, : will ;.nofc 3VTa(lnrrio loavb -lior umbrella with tho ' cbhcMrgef- SNo 'l Moiiaiour prefora ? ,Eh bibki/Bon fiir. !" "'-'It wnflalovolyBummbri bad |bcQh hot, all day, hiit ifcwaa cooler 'now. Tho streota vcro alreaily full of pboplo all bearing the amp way,,tpwaids itho.OEsnips \- Elyseb. -.W ith somo diilic\ilty,Gooirrcy pi"0- .cured a i ttlo - enrri ago , - tmd in a few ' momonts'tlioy wore swept into tho chat-, tormg idlo buify tlifong; and slowly making their way ; towards the IiangtoiiB'1 bouso;; Every building was gay1 ivith colou'red lanterns. .ThbPlaeo do la Concordoshbho' afar Ukb A bolt of ' jbwolled light. ' Tlio. great .stonb lions glovrbdiffpon tboir podesV ;tals.?:r. Clear as nd.Bjmhli;.:' rooking oca of nibrryt faoes.mot. Eva s de- Ightedgavb.abopbnglifc among thoreafc. . inowi tlipy were: driving down Hip, : Oliamps EIysiioa. 'Tlio fouri tains lept in - ooloured liglit, Tlio Palais.do l'lndusfcrio gleamed .irom roof to baeombnt, built in lira... -I'lio Are do : Triompho croiynod with- .''Kbt. roso agiunst the doep bluo of tho iribpnlpssbky,' flcokod.by. its insignificant stars, - " Bbautiful l Beautiful I" and Eva" clapped lior bauds and laughed. > And no:w. ifc,wa»' tho painfurduty of tho drivOr to toll thoni ho oould tako thom no further, - CarriagoB -Worb nob allowed after a co'rtain .hour; and oitbor bo must tako thom .back/' or jiutthom down'.' Gooflroy domuribd. Nob so-MrelG ooffroy.r' : In " amombnt sho . bad sprung out of tho carriage, and was laughing, at tho novel idoabf walkirig in a crowd, .Geoffroy. piud .bis'mah, and fol- , lowed., Tborowas plority of room to walk, iu comfort and Eva on hor husband's arin wished thb XiMigtons' liouso milbs away/; instead of a fbw '.hundred' yards. Sho must' and would ' walk homo, slio said. Gebfiroy must relent a. littlo, orpjio onlior sido' iiiiglit not bo so1 agrocablo ns ho had1 hitliorto .known Jior. Slip was quito. pos- itiyo slio would eatoli a cold if wio drovo lioiho iiv tliel niglit air iii an open earriago. What -was bo Baying? Tliat if bo liad known that bo'. would not havo brought hor ? . But slio woa oqually eortain that it \- would not hurt hor to walk homo. . Wolking was a- voiy dilloront tiling from driving in an open carringo late at night. Ho might nob think so, hut; lior mother sho wob con vinced: would not liavo allowcd her. to do such a tiling for, an instant.. 1- Gcoflrey quailod, and gavo vent to tliat surb fore runner of masculine dofeat,:tliat ho would boo.,. , It was very delightful at tlio Lang- toiiB'.'balcony, witii its ooiistollation -of swinging Gluneso lanterns. Eva loanod, ovor . and wateiicd tlio people arid chattered jto lior frionds, and was altogothor entran cing — at least Gooflroy thought go, who stood behind hor. .. . ' \ Tiio ' niglit,. is darkening now.. Tho stroots blazo blight and brighter.. Tho croud bolow rooks and thiokous, and sliiftb, - as it wore uneasily, to and fro,. . Long lines of ilamo bum red along .tlio Soino, nnd'niark ita winding oa witli a hand of fire. . Tho great electric ,'iglit from, tlio Trooadfirg catta heavy shadows again st' tlio .sky:..: Jets of firo, leaping 'stars, and lyiid vagaries of coloured light rush up from tho Bois bo Boulognoi " . a And now thoro'is a eontraiy 'motion in tho crowd, and a low murmur swells and echoes and dies mid rises again, , Tlio torolilight procession . in coming, i 'That square of fire movuig elowly dmvi frem I tto Aro do (Triompho thnwgh thp; hoar of tho crowd in a troop of mounted soldiers \- carrying torohes,. Hark 1 . Listen to'tlio I -multitude, liko a. wild boast hidf aroused. | . Tho, army is vory -unpopular in "Pffris' Just now.. Soo an tho solaiors como ncarpr low, tiio croujl' swoops and presses rerind thom, tossing- liko an ongxy qes I Look how tiio soldiors rear thole homes agnibst tho pqoplo fokeop ; tliom rbtidle I Hftrk again to that low roar that 'rises to tiio balcony and mnkos littlo Eva trombli i tho inarticuloto voice, of a great' itiultitudo raised in angor. - " " . : Thoy havo passod now: and tho criowd moves with them.. Look down tho' Ohjribps .Elysfies, right down to tho cobweb of light which is .tlio Plado do la. Coneordo. > ' Gno mo.ving mas? of hoods 1. Look up towidds tho Are do Triompho. iThpy.afp_pouring down from. it, on tholr way back frem- the Bois, in ono block continuoue stream, good-humoured and. light-lioarted again as over nowtiio soldiery bos pasSbd. " . It is post midnight. Icoa nnd loriionado and sugared cake havo played their part: It is tiiuo to thinlf of going home. Trip summor niglit is warm: and soft, without a touch of ohill; : Tho other ' ghosts who still remain on the Langtona' balcony are begining to disporso. Tho Langtons look os if thoy would liko to go' to bod.; Tho -crowd bolow' is. iriolting owby1 bvcry . momont. Tlio play is ovor. : v, ;»' 1 Eva is charmed whon. Bho beam"1 tliat a carringo is not to bo had in all Paris' for lovo or money. To walk . homo tkrouriK the lighted streoto with Geotfroyl ,3o- lightfiu I A. fow choarful leavo-takiriftti,' and thoy lire in tho stroota'again with another English coujilo,' middlb-aged who are going part of tho way with theiri. 1 "-Como, wifo, arm in arm," sayb tiio- oldor man; adding to Gooflroy, " I tidviso' you: to do -tho samo: Tlio crowd. is oa hnrndessna an infant, but it wiO probably havo a littio animal' spirits to gob rid bf/ and it does not do to-be Sepiratod"' So arm in atm tlioy wont', wslkinfe witli tho multitude which was not thick enough to press upon .thom or hamper ' thom in any way, whilo from timb to time in front of any magisterial building a littlo group of gamiiis would wavo'thbir hats and'siiig" tho prohibited Marsoillniso, rind other- bands of gamitte, /equally gbod-humbnrqd. 1) ut moroiiot- headed, would chargo through tiio crowd witliOhineso lanterns and drumb. . "Not tired ?". asked Gboflroy rcgurlarly: ovoty fivo minutba, drawing tholitfle hand' through liis'hrm: " i.' "Not a bit tired, and Gooflroy was' at foolislv- tirbsomo creature to bo rilwoja1 ; thinking of iuch tiiifigs. Shirtvould say Bho ires tired noxt timo'if ho did not take care, ."'In fact how slio thought' of ' it sho ;waa rof/i«- tired' by liaririg to walkin sffob' a heavy stuff d." , ' . ' ' !v? not say -that fbrPfbSven's snicoif iti .is triip,"- siud the lonmsufTering liusband;: ".for woliayo amilo iri front oLusVyot,' and a long jouniby before us whbri wo-izot ' baok." . , / '''..'Tlio, otlior ctiuplo. .wiBliod them good ; night, and tnfn'od off doini a sidoVstrobt.:' Pp : ovory side-' tiio houtcs woao putting 'out thoir lifilits, . NigirEai'aB gainirig ths upppr hand atlast. ,'Aa tiiby.entprbd thb- placo do la.Coricordo Gcoffroy saw a small , body of : mounted, soldiors crossing dho Plaoo. oolnstantiy vtiioro was a; sudden" hastening andpualiing in tho crowd, tand tiio low 'dcop -groi-l prpna again; angrier . than' before. Ueqflroy caught a; glinipso of a nudden upraised ami, iio Iicard.a 'cry , Wf doflaneo, and thonvin a liioirient thoro was a roar'and'olio'ut as from a thousand, tongues, - and an angry mob tivis pressing in from ovory . quarter, was olboWing' past, was stmggliiig to tlio front.' .'In" another : topment tlio whole ; Pliicd; dp la' Obncbrilo/ was ono surging inass;of 'OXcited: pfeoplbi ' brio j anglo of tongues,' ono , ofibrt to'presa h tiio direction tlio soMipra iiad 'talsbn,'- ; 1 /.Geoffrey, a toll ptiilotio: . Ehglishirinhi looked over tiio - sea . of. t waving 'Frencli bonds; arid looked iri vairi fdr a quarter to wliicli i ho could boat ;a rotreate . Ho had. not i-ooin- to put bis' orin round liis wifo, Sho liad givon a littio laugii, but siio was friglitonod, hp khow, fop. Sio tfiilibled iri; the grasp ho tightened oh' libr.aririi - Onb. rep'd glanco sliowotb liim thbre ' Was ho etcapo: The yery lions at thp edraora wore covored "with'iHilnan figiires. They . wore, in thobearbof tliB crowdi' tlts faint siphoning binoll waa intiioir nostrils. "No, Eya,'!; lib' said, aiiswbring i hot ,',l?!hh»'.'w -.If any liody in . plumb in tho middlo wO nre, and vvo must just inovo quiotly .with tlie . 'restj.and. waittill wogutncliando ofodgihg: ofh Kccp closa by - m c, and lcan'oii mo as-much as you'ean." , - Ske/vas friglitonbd. and silent. /arid : : npstibul oloso tobiiji, boing vory siriail 7; , Anpthbr doop roaiV end a suddon ruBb weiubphind whioh sent thbmall forward ! : Gcoffiy tried .'tpispb: what was'/gbirfg oh' in front, but it ifc.wiia no good. -How tlio poopla pushed and elbowedl BaKl Tlio smell of a'orowd'1 -Wlio that lins.bebnin oiib has PVor, forgotten it ? .-. .This was a dreadful ordeal for his liot- houso flower. , Jf How. are yoir gotting- on?,,:ho asked witb; n nharp. anxioty tlmt ho vainly .iniegincddid not botray itsolf mliis voico. ': Slip was gottmg on voiy well,- only—: p'nly: could hot thoy- got out?- : Gbpfirey; looked round again in daspair. Would itbb possible to odgo a littio totiis" left, to the right,- anywhoro ? v Ho looked in vain. A vaguo undefined four was growing up witlun him " Wo must havo pationeo, littlo ono," ho'oaid, Lean on ino, nnd bobiavo." Hia voibo wn3'oboorful, but lib felt a Buddon sinking of .heart:' How. Should ho ovor got lior out : of ibis jostlnig angry crowd bofora Bho was qiiilio tired out ? What - mod folly lit had boen to tliink of. walking homo 1- Ho'iniglit liavo Joioivn it would bo too much for' hor; 'Otiiofa could do it perhaps ; tliat groat strong .Mrs, Sinclair — but Eva— and poor Goof; .froy. forgot thorobad bsozi .no other way of; gottiug .homo, and tliat ovon liia . lnotiibr-in-Iaw. could not hold liim respoil-. siblo for a disagroomont botivoon' tho sol- djora and tlio citivomi, Anotlier ton minutes 1 Gooflroy oniscd within himoolf tho.iJIuiiiinatioriB Slid tho eoldiors, and the crowd and his oim folly, nnd thy rough men, nnd rougher womon whom, do what ho would,: ho could not provout pressing unon hor. ; ... Sho did nob speak again for somo time,1 only holdfast by his arm. Etiddonly hor Jittlo hands tightened convulsively on it, and a fnco palo to : tho lips waa; laiso-d'to his. voiy sorry, 7 witlp half si cob, . .bub I'm afraid I'm goini to famt. Tho words como liko a lilowj and drove' tho blood from liia- facoi 1 -' Tho vaguo un- dcmied ; fear htid 'Euiiilciily hccpino a hidoo.,roalitjr.T.Hb:'bi»a5i!'hte\$bipbi;.< and spoke -/'.icily, almost sternly. . ' "Liaton to lilt', i'fvii,"- ho.st'id, Makb an offorfc and attend, and do nn I toll you. Tho crowd will movo agaiu in a moment. ' I seo a movoinont in front, already. ODi- rootW.-t|ho -moVt> eomos , tho iiprcsV. wV toosek . fpr:..on. instant.. . I; sliall ' push frpnti.of you and stoop- down j Y«r w insteitly get on my back.-.- 1 SubikC .-< it, ' I will do my host to holp yi: bflt l can't get hold -of you Tn'nny 1 Tha faintliOBa w31 ' pass . off . wljen yiiu' Mtfhar np and-can igot a. breath of A Ifqwaoyoa understand?" i, . 83m did cot answer, but nedded/ " /!! I , There -was a moiriont's pause, ' 'uid'iV gwasmont camp. .Gool&py; flung doijj bis stlok, drew : his wife tfirmlyr behind, . ! \- nhm and pressbig Buddoidy witii /all Jus huhs ttpon thoao in - front lnrtdo ronm'to 'A ftwp down: Two norvous, liattils woVa A'i laHbft his coat. Good God !, dlie hi1!!- j if" tatsd. : A momont more and the crei-d '/i behind Would fowo Kim down/ nnd'.tlioW.d; Wzmld.botii be lost. .f'.Qufok 1 iQuiclr I- J f,ij ,1m ohefuted, but boforo tho wvrd'i had < /j loft- his lips tbp trembling Jiaffils y-Oroih" , bkesped convulolvoly round -liia' litotr,- affd'3 j wltttff supremo effort boiwna.- oil; Jil/i togs 't > agninj shaking -like a. loiff . witii- (hp longvfl : horror ox- that ono moinont's suspanso; - -j Batthetigbtclasp rouud'bis;n«k,Tbn,.| ...i bpdeff . foil;' hHtstrong shbifldcrtiinbrv: V- Mm Atreshi: fib felt .all ! reSolutlonTeturri toritold;-tIff'sMs'ib ywtnhofoltKotouldhbwbbduroahjbhuig . : \ i whlbh he had , to endure alono; beisuiso that hbrriblo rolffd no, longer/ toll .whoroTibwasf l Hb sb bl wab boat too muoll: to ondtoybur:tj)';do,' An bnytbing but koop on hia , febtrA Ajlniig vA; aridtj -Would tho crowd rievprjCdispcrepb ':! ' -A'ir Moyina,,Btbpphig,.'pu6hing,',:,'pirafeg/i7;:H stppplng ngaln.. v Another Cleug iMusoi/Aita Wmim'Seoincaa3ffitwouldripteriind..;jf:.7; A"tobtriiiy.'mptibn now ? arid :;jitSiIiad(xspt V.f, '','| tomttsni/nitfu :.N6/ thank IHeavdn-lp A;pi ij tramor .tbroagh tho . crowd, /aiiil 'tiiibri' ivp. / || teab Sji'oriting 'and a xusli. A puij jlony '> .„ 1 ' pbsh'fipm pohind.'; AiplungA'1 StDpnm on. fio8 ktido. Good God 1 A , blow sn jlio' : \ mouui from; Pom's one's" clbowlA A;wld;.: :/ ; J struglo ;' ariothor blow. . , pp ogoimi - lip', j otily to sfrikb IiiB foot':agairiat;'akeH):;, 7 stonb, find thro w ali bis woigUt away Xriisi" ' :- : A /sudddn. pool : of .xrator bn."M'sMt wnjobbb ia boing edged. g >TTm great drops aro oil his1 brow/ and", his breath' cbmoS short- and, tMekA . H/ " 1 stebrt ogain. Hio woiglit'. on1 hfm '.n(il .. his mll aro beginrilng tb.tojb , But ta 2s?o , j i strorigtli bogins to waver, va"doggcd (letW/ . f IS" j nmmtiori ' takes >(J.nlace.:yHe ritec)i hii ,i ? i nerved, ahd pulls himself tth'eA !:iB aiH.."lJ -1 onr |a question, ofl- 1 must hbtthout.. ;His wliolb ibUliaixjnteixt.ti''. on ;ono tiling, to koop .his foot. ; Oneo r I ten, and— he clenches .his Iteoth:; Ho will not "ouffori Mmshlf ,'to tiiirik. . to .:'i . ; briuHed and\aclihig''in1.oveiy liim|»,te. ;'v. I thbl friction' of .tho./l'crowd, ' mist of blood ifiid' dust -befbro his ' j ButbO ljoldB' oa.-'with thb'ionergy bbl .pair. , Affblhor push. God in Jttos; j ahnbst down iigte- .-'Ho|«mi sba noij 1.'bg.,'- > 5 ' A1 ' frail tioV otrngglo; .'armb.-'aroundbia, nook ytromblbyMr1,,;'; bo'.Ki iMmfatohfe'i'gjiadiifaAiEgM baridsiiire: ad<tilBt!«fj>lifciiBjMG'iui A-rVtf more Ms lips in tlianko, bqfc qq rv :|cbnib;';br; 3 ' .. a tbbiri..:.;Thero . S it; is sis., a feofclo.wbiBpirty.tiio.'rtar On . i swebp:bndAti!riiblt;of;:mii,.'itereiti , | istouidirig.'iri- bia/eara.l-'Hoilo'aim | .ttticliTimgor nowAi/Hp'Ifa/'iitfbrrym pMy- lkcomvonl.ilhiaA'fbcfya/fp"' morel" Tlio crowd is- thinning. ' Hcf'-j ' catebes.la .suddeh'igHm 1 .1 frontrof . him. Bat itswoyb'5);foiu lite' / like tho waves of tho soo.- Cab ti jmoiy fj u more. Ho stumbles aside Tehoji ijs foots ,"V thorois' space in fronhof hinp . ' ' 'bi V " h:>'j ' J ;;-l prosajiW.;>'.'HQ Is o'utbf,the)<atowditi:Nb:fe/V;j if .dimly; consoious;-tbatf thosonnd ofinaliT1. aJ' ), foSt;-iB.-:,paasingr ibut hot. folloiHrug JiUli" !'v' H vThe, pavement suddenly noe3 up apaL 5 ofcrikos'him doiyn upon it. , Ho cannot :ll , -risb again.; Bntdtl: maS/litt/it'iiia 7$ J | tprs'Lttle. It is 'nil ovfllterTUa light is , /<, j his -' lcndbn hand 'vto'-l umobsbt.tbn; fete Af' ' .1 : 'flnfioiril'/.tli&fc;:' HVtrti If:. f . touoh'.they" unclasp,' tremblutgf-(ii'-h.7te' I, tnibti/; v'dCq-:; j k sho bod. Ho raises himsolf onbiso"" and tries to wipo. tho red mist fr' , : | oyes tlmt lio may soo hor til .draws:hcr;to..mmw | "arms. . ..Thb streot InrapsYglcanvdjl | /yellow, in /tiib;-fiiat.;ySttkS<;,-.»v;: dawn, and, as lijs haggim8yes low;iirixi-.v: \ ouslyrinto here;: hor face' bscomooV Hear i/: ij f , oveil'to- Ms' darkonifig sigbt;'tefu!sdwifi, I .«imffi«r"'U»inail,/-.i Another.v-wqnSariJy f ;pbor. creature,. with ft; towdiy borihejivabdM f . 1' I "and tlion, "dimly conscious of tho suddeil f| V i f .>. j'f faco from tho grov/iiig. light, , , i It was ono of tho English aequaintfuci > I V . of the night .before who found: himlkter .s ! . in tho . day; still looking," still wauduring i aMiIossly from strtot to street. -f '' . : A A Jj, : - His old friend ' Langteni cauio- lo 'bhu;,.! Iit and took hnn away; from, tho botol.to his own. houso.. Alphonso- wopt;' ar d tlioiroo- ciVrys ooidd hot restrain a tsar. , And havo thoy fouiid fici- yeM'taskco' ? Mrs. Langton tliat night hs slio folloa-otl >-< her husband into lua room whon Im enniti if inluto.-. > . '." . .--let .,' If is faco w;-.'i voiy v/hita. -I: ;lfl'l :l:"Yps,"| ho-, said/ 'alia.: turned' a", yy- "I.'vbbosn to— I'yb i-.Qsn,— rb.voiio cuui.i .' ;V 1 havo' toldteiyou. 'would : not hr.vi known who it was,'- All, hor' littlo "thi/if;, bar- ;:.lf v/a'cli and riugo, fbey wore . l But tho maid know by thy drum Atiu— : ' . and -I wanted to :.:vo a lock id -hair, but I., ; 'r r" liis voice broko dovm.'r-" so I go:: ouii - p of tlio" littlo glnriM for hi;- I ' was i'lii.y. only thing I rri! Ho null, li-sj, half-worn bin: glovo, cut and dusty wiili - , i; tiio tjnmp of ;msriy fqst; whiob (no. no'-.". y. t wedding ring had- worn ovor BDsllghlly iiii' ?! i tiio third linger. Ho laid it icV-r'it'y f on tho talilo, and bid Ids /- in in In f hands. . „ ' : ,! If ho would . only brerJt idown,"': , « s ud at last. " Hoiit.i and ail ,m.b! -vAO . 5 spMts Or looks up.,' . - . , v f 1, .- , \- " .Tnku< Iiirn- tho littlo' glovs," said- -Ms/ J'." wifo Goftly , ,. Aiid Isuigton took it. /' r-l v- Tho sharpness of death bsd out, tea j i- deep' foS. tcarsj, but Gooff-sy "kbpi tisaj littlo glove, en.'— iio ims it still,— fL. BA/i!'.-!! -f Tkc G'ranhfa. .- I 