ELECTIONEERING LORE. The impending Victorian elecliont Can not he described as ..ks suing any etirftnxa- ing interest or excitement. The constitution of a Parliament wiuue i-redeecssur has died a natural dell h lias n matter oi course air about it. aud the absence of any burning or crucial question renders the whole episode ill the political history of the colony some what tame and insipid. The English elections, too, upon which depends the ques tion into whoso hands shall fall the a liiiiiii.-tra- tinn of uii Empire upon which the sun never sets have just terminated, and after these the lesser excitements of Colonial voting nrc some what dimned. Still, Title groups of from three to half il duzen aspirants for the honor oi writing three capitals after their names niuv he seen uibbblimr round tho bereaved constituencies, like, fishes about a crumb of bread, uud did political leaders ! only know now what they will kuow u couple of mouths hence, they could shape their courses without caring for reproaches for trimming on the one hand, or rashness oil the other. As it is, ulthough the brindled cat thrice has mewed, she has nut yet jumped, and for this reason an honest expression of opinion from tile electors will mean lunch. This much is certaiu, that every available device likely to win votes which comes within the pale of legality will be resorted to, and perhaps souio of a inoro ques tionable chancier. Patriotic Victorians may, however, take pride iu tlio reflection that even in the most excited contests iu the colony' it has not yet devolved npou Duchesses to kiss butchers to obtain a vote, nor lias a wife or sistor-m-liiw of n candidate over thuught proper to drive ubout canvassing with a sovereign be tween licr incisors. Elections, or the selection of lit nud proper per sons to perform certaiu functions, urc as old ns mankind, if not older, for the habit does not seoui to he confined to the human race, and the expedients employed lo secure election are of equal antiquity. Must of us have read in Herodotus of the tricks by which Persian and Scythian kiugs are said to have obtained tiic suffrages of their subjects to the exclusion of their competitors, and ancient Reman history affords mauy similar instances. Au election is a bloodless battle, iu which every thing is held to bo fair, aud usually tho best organised and most earnest party wins, though it may suffer defeat from an adversary iufcrior in numerical strength, but superior in cunning and ingenuity. Iu aucieut times tlio arbitors uf tho issue were almost invariably thu soldiers, who olecled u leader, and if dissatisfied with liitu, put him out of the way, . uud sold the chief diguity to whoever wunld pay or promise most for it. YViieu, however, tlio supreme power 1ms not been suffered to drift into the hands of the executive, the simple process of direct bribery 1ms been supplemented by arts of intrigue, and calculations requiring the greatest niccity of adjustment. Of these contests, Italy, daring tlio fifteenth, sixtccutk and seventeenth centuries, was the prtucipal theatre, tlio great power wielded by the Popo rendering it a matter uf no little consequence, not only to his immediate friends uud ud- hereuts,' hut lo the whole of the European rulers, who occupied tlio chair of St. Peter. One of the most remarkable and interesting of the many close contests for power was the election oi a Popo to replace Leo XI., who dicdou the 27th April, 1605, afteru rcigu of only 26 days. Ou the 11th of May lifty-uiuc Cardinals went into tho conclave. These were divided into four prinuipal parties, viz., that of Car dinal Atdubrandiuo, nephew of Clemeiit V'-II. , the lu3t Popo but one, who had died little more than a mouth previously, estimated at 25 votes ; that of his opponents uud enemies, uuder Car dinal M'outalto, numbering 31 ; thirdly, G Car dinals iu tho interest of Fruucc, and fourthly, an equal number devoted to Spain. The walls of the couclave were walled up after the eutry of their Eminences, cacli of whom wus accompanied by two secretaries, and fur ther a sueristuu and subsacristan, a secretary and ussistaut secretary, a Jesuit confessor, two physicians, a surgeon, two bar bers, an apothecary, live masters of the cere monies, a mason, a earpouter, and sixtceu ser vants for tho menial work entered tho papal palace, novcr to leuvo it until a clear majority of two-thirds of tho Sacred College had agreed upoa a successor to the deceased pope. Three different expedients might be employed lo take the scusc of the con clave. Firstly, a scruting of the votes, placed in a vaso on the altar of the Sistiuo Chapel, each signed by the cardinal who do- posits it. Should tho counting uot show a clear majority of two-thirds, the papers aro burnt at u certain time, thus conveying to tho public outside, who are anxiously ou the look out, the intimation that the result is as yet un determined. The second method, that of com promise, consists iu leaving the selection to one member of tho conclave, but since John XXiL, to whom this duty was en trusted in 1314, elected hituseif with the words eyo sum papa, this mode lias become obsolete, and the more usual compromise in the case of the principal parties being so equally bnluuced that no agreement is possible is to lix upon soma aged and infirm cardinal as a stop -gup. The third method is that of accla mation or inspiration, tlio impulse bc iug theoretically inspired by tho Holy Ghost. Tho partisans of a certain caudidute agree amongst tiiemseves, aud ut u given moment sliout out "Cardinul is l'ope." If tlio' movement appear strong, the timid or wavering, anxious to stand well with the new Holy Father, join in the cry, uud thus a majority of two-thirds is obtained. It is, however, at best, a dangerous experiment, for should it fail tho ob ject of it is quite out of the race for the rost of the campaign. As will ho seen by referring to the relative strength of the parties on the occasion referred to, a termination of tho contest, without sonic shiftiug of the constituency, appeared im possible, for 40 votes must be piled upou one candidate to elect him ; uud even should tho French aud Spanish Cardinals agree to support Aldobrundino (an - event in tho highest degree improbable), it would give him oulv 38. The chances, therefore, were ugaiust his election, especially as lie was very ill, and some disuffcction existed among his followers. Indeed, the very first night un attempt was initiated, hut not persisted in, to elect one of them, Cardinal Saoli, by in spiration. The next morning, after mass, tho first scrutiny was tokeu, when to the genoral surpriso 14 voles were found to bu re corded for Cardinal Bcllarinine, a Jesuit, uud ono of Aldohraudinu's party. This was tlio work of Muutalto, in order to divide the party, and tlio whole of the day was spent in the iu- trigues which this move caused. Aldobraudiuo then set to work to secure the oleotiuu of his most intimate friend, Cardinal Suu 01 entente, which met with such opposition on tlio part of Montalto's party that thoy passed a solemn resolution to excludo him. Atdu brandiuo met tlifs inovo by nppeariug to abandon the hope of electing San Cicinuute and offering to substitute Cardinal Tosco, bringing in from outside, notwithstanding tho supposed hermctical scaling of the palace, Cardinal San Miircello, who was almost at death's door, to vote for iiiia. The opposition, however, wero not to he deceived, aud growing mora hostile to San Clemculc than ever, it was decided by the allies to put the whole of their strength upon Tosco in earnest, who was generally acceptable, notwithstanding the licentiousness of his con versation and the neglect of bis pastoral duties, lie never once having visitod his see of Tivoli. On the night of tho 15th a desperate effort was made to carry him by inspiration. Iiis parly was so strong that Montalto was compelled by liis own followers to give iu, und the election of Tosco appeared certain, when a diversion was created by Baroaius, who pro tested vigorously against a candidate whose character was not irreproachable. Maotalto caught eagerly at the opportunity, and raised a cry for fHronin, on which the olhet parly J shunted " Tosco," " nnd thin, nit scream- ing together, and im-ring on together. J ilnnled in cry und in mind, hut with . their !-il : ,'S ri-ir|_v jmuiiic I together by re.ioni of tin! natrmvtifs uf the p.iiMig-, they reached the Hula Regis, into wliic.li they hurst cun- fuss.lly, shunting more loudly than ever the naiiies of Tn-c-i and H«r«niu>." |Tho extent ni the confusion and of the violence of the emotion among tlii'jo holy and reverend old men may be estimated fr„m the circumstance that Car- dinal Visconta was thrown duwu iu the iiiclc'cuud that Cardinal Scrapiuo got a sprained arm, before the two factious could detach themselves from each other. Even then Cardinals l'inelli and Ascoii found themselves ou the SLtine side of tho ball with Aldolirnndtnu, whereas their intention was to vote with Montalto. 'The re, all uf tho division was thirty-six for Tosco aud twenty- live lor Baronius, another car dinal besides Iran Marccllo having come in, thus making the total number sixty-one. This effort was, however, fatal to the pre-, trillions of 'Tosco, and the rival chiefs finding it impossible to carry either of the men whom they chiefly desired, combined their strength, alter much negotiation, carried oil day uud night between the Sistine Chapol and tlio l'uoiine, in which t lie two parties were encamped, with the Bala Regie separating them, and with the assistance of Cardinal Joyeuso of the Frcncli party selected Cardinal Camilla Borghese, who was elected ou the lGth May, and as cended the Papal chair with the title of Paul V. IIow wofully this stern and tyrannical Pope disappointed the expectations of tluree to whom lie owed his elevation is a mat tor of his tory. English elections have naturally be come greatly enhanced in importance since the pussiug of tho Reform Bill of 1332 and subse quent measures enlarging the franchise, but several memorable contests occurred previously, notably thoso in which Fox wits returned for Westminster iu 1784, notwithstanding the opposition of tlio King uud Mr. Pitt, and tho great West Riding election of 1807, turning ou tho abolition of the slave trade, which wus won by Mr. Wilberforcc and Lord Milton, defeating Mr. Lascclles, whose family owned largo sugar plantations in Ber muda. The oxpenses of tlio two latter candi dates exceeded £100,000 apicco, The "humors" of au election, which havo now been minimised by the abolition of such practices us the chairing of tho elected members, and tho nomination pre vious, so graphically sketched iu L'ickwick, may he gathered by a glance at Hogarth's four famous election pictures, tlio originals of which wero purchased by David Gurrick, and are now in the museum of Sir John Soane, who acquired them at a vastly enhanced cost. Sccues of rowdyism and bestial excess aro still, "however, more common thau tliov ought to he, uud to show how they can bo im proved upon by a lively imagination wo Irausluto tlio following extract from the Gazzelta del 1'ojmlu, of Turiu, of 9th April, 1830, which contains the following curious in formation ubout " Costumi Iuglcsi " : — " Tlio electoral battle is fought, witli incrcdiblo vio lence. Insulting publications and manifestoes do not suffice, for in many const ituunclcs thoy do worse, and come to -blows. At Groat Murlow the furious Concrvutives attacked tlio House of Col. Owca, the Liberal member, and broke windows, doors and furniture. Meanwhile, iu the streets, the Liberals were forced to defend themselves from the attacks of tlio Conservatives, and fight iu their own defence. At Slmuklin, tho Conservatives invaded tlio committee room of the Liberal caudidute, uud beat him, in the bono of incapacitating him from an nouncing liis political opinions. At Dorchester, a society was established whoso written statutes provided that the members should be obliged to assassinate those electors who should vote for the Conservative candidate. Do you call that uothiug 5 Iu Ireland matters weut even worse. The opponents of the Home Rulers threatened the Electoral Hall with dynamite — (this is rather vague) — and if the police had not prevented tiiis infamous machiuatiou wire knows what catastrophe might not havo occurred ! These incidents, which would havo seemed almost incredible iu continental countries, here, on tiro contrary, are repeated, with greater or less intensity, in all the electoral contests, and the Government takes hut very trilling notice of thorn. Bo much for English cus toms !" So much for our own correspondent ! whose imagination aud tnlcuts arc simply thrown invay upou an obscure Turin journal. He ought to make tlio fortune of auy news paper. The colors adopted by tlio different parties in English cuutcsts are very much mixed, and vary considerably in different counties. The Whig colors were originally huff and blue, as shown by the record of a reception at Mrs Crowes in 1784, to celebrate tlio return of Fox. for Westminster, preserved by Sir Nathaniel Wraxall. Every guest at tho house wus dressed in these colors, including tlio hopeful Heir apparent. As a rule, blue denotes Con servative, and huff or orange Liberal. A York shire squire of Tory views, being iu York dur ing tlie course of an elecfiou, and meeting a Quakcruttired iu au orange waistcoat, addressed him us follows — " Friend" thco is wearing a feavful fiery drab to-day !" The squibs and humorous speeches delivered ut clcctious are without number. The caricatures of Gilray, Bowlaudsou, H. B. and later artists alouc form u study of considerable magnitude, aud for specimens of speeches we select two, not only ou account of their point, hut their brevity. The first wus delivered at Beverley, a borougli notoriously corrupt, and on ouo occasion, to the despair of the burgesses, the election seemed likely to be uncon tested. At the last moment, however, a fresh candidate, a perfect struuger, presented himself. Ho was welcomed with joy, a com mittee was appointed, aud a speech was drafted, iu which his views we:-j sot forth to the ex pectant multitude outside. After glunciug at it ho said, "Gentlemen, I tliiuk my own speech, which 1 prepared when coming down, will answer better." Aud, stopping on the balcony, ho delivered Himself as follows: " Men of Beverley ! I mil a man of few words. Money shall uot he wanting." It is almost needless to add ilit lie was returned by un immense majority. Tlio second instance is that of Mr. Jouathau Peel, of Knowimcre, who could witli difficulty be prevailed upon to uddrcss the electors, but on one occasion was forced to speak at Accriugtou. He said — " Men of Accriagton ! if you are so backward in coming forward, wc shall bo left behind, as wo were before." Tlie Huuso of Commons, to its credit bo it said, has always honestly attempted to purity the electoral machinery from the corruption inseparable from any human institution. The principul measure bearing ou tlio subject is the Corrupt Practices Act, passed iu 1854, which provides that the following persons shall be deemed guilty of bribery, and bo liable to pun ishment, as misdemeanants, by a tine of £100 and costs L Ever- j oraun who shall directly or indi rectly, by himself or by any other person ou his behalf, give, ieml, &e.;, or offer, promise, or promiso t.i procure, &e.;, any money or valuable consideration to or for any voter or any other person in order to induce any voter to vote or refrain from voting, or shall corruptly do any such act on account of such voter having votod or refrained from voting at any I election. II. Every person who shall similarly give or procure or promiso, &c.;, any office, place or employ moot to or for any voter or other person iu order u> induce him to vote, &e.; III. Everypersdnwhosliall makennygift.loan, promise, Ac., as aforesaid, to any person to iu- dueu snch person to procure tho return of any person lo uervo in Parliament or the vote of any voter. IV. Every person who shall, in consequence of such gift, procure or engage, procure or en deavor to procure tho return of auy person or the vote of auy voter. V. Every person who shall payanv money with tha intent that it should bo spent iu bribery, or who shall pay money in repayment of any money wholly or iu part expended in bribery. By a sabseqnenc section the offence is extended to (a) persons who before or daring an election shall receive or contract for any money, & c., for voting, or refraining or agree ing to vote or to refrain from voting; and f.V» to f-rsoa who after the flee, tion, rer-t-lre rmci< y. Ac., in ai'l of any prrom having vm«| - r refrained etc.: euch p --v-ni ii ill 1 1- li -;-l giulty i.f n mi:-ii>!iirati'ir au-i for f'-it £19, ami en tlie above ' g. - or any '( th'-ni li-iiig privcd.an-l mraii ntwinMii p-tltiiltica have I— on enforced, the olfon ling partieii shall in- struck nf tin, mil of vnteis by tlio revising barrister, Pr-x-ctuiorei rn-1 nrliuns under tfm act tiuist I— commenced within 12 months after thu nllt-gt-d cummissioti of the offence. Another form nt bribery is dealt with separ ately under the brad of Treating, which is defined to be given by the candidate or liis agents procuring or paying for nuv expenses iucurrid for meat, drink or riitriiainunnt, or provision to or for any person ill order to 1h- elected, or for being elected, or for the purple of corruptly iulluenciug such per son to give or refrain from giving his vote at an election. Tlie penalty lor this offence is n line of £50 to any person who shall sue for tlie same, and nny person Corruptly accepting such treating shall be in capable of voting nt such election. Under tiiis clause Mr. Green, tlie present Con servative member for Wakefield. was I uiiscuied after n previous election because a ; member of ius commit too had injudiciously ! given a ten party to certain voters. Any can-. | diilatc found guilty by an election committee I of britiiug or treating, either personally or by | ugeucy, ahull lie ino.ipnlile of representing iu Parliament the county, city or borough iu which the offence occurred during the Parlia ment then iu existence. Investigations under the Corrupt Practices Act wero formerly carried on by committees of tile House of Commons, nnd a most amusing but, it is to ho hoped, untrue, or at least ex aggerated, account of tho methods frequently employed to manipulate these may ho found in Ten J htmsand a Year, the result being in tlie case of Mr. Tittlebat Titmouse, whoso ageuts have carried liis election by tho most scaudiilous and unblushing bribery, that liis return is con firmed. It cannot ho denied, however, that election committees were often both hiasscd aud corrupt ; indeed, so notorious did litis be come that the Parliiuneuiary Electious Act vya; passed iu 1868, transferring the jurisdic tion from the Parliamentary committees to the judges, much against the will of the hitter, who strenuously resisted the clrauge, ou the ground that tho purity of tho bench would he sullied by beiug brought into close couuectiou witli political contests. Many examples have been made of offending boroughs liy suspension or total disfranchisement, some of which, possessing great Historic names, such ns Oxford city and Lan caster, might iiuve been suppposedlo kuow better. Among tlie other counties aud boroughs thus temporarily or permanently effaced are Bridge- water, Beverley, Cnshel, and Bligo, which have boon disfranchised, uud Grout Yarmouth, Macclesfield, lleigntc, Sandwich, and 'l'ot ues, in whose coses the writs havo beeu suspended. Treating lias always been a prevalent, though perhaps not a formidable source of corruption, uud no small advautage has been sucked by the publicans during a general election. How tho practice lias developed may be gathered by com paring a Scotch election" tavern bill iu 1660 witli a Somersetshire one iu 1813. The former runs a.s follows : — l'orlireail. ale anil tciliacco .. .. £1 17 G Anchovies and oysters 12 0 Sraineini mill l-nttcr 0 14 1 8 ilnz. tiottles of eanary .. .. 10 12 0 2 Coz. bottles claret 12 0 Keuts lull;, lies .. 0 G 2 Sum Is .. £15 13 o Tho Somersetshire list of charges uf ono day's expenses at a small pot house at Ilcliosior, in tho contest for tho county of Somerset, in 1813, runs as follows : — 353 bullies rum ami alii, at tie .. £103 10 0 57 bottles Trench brandy, 10s. Od. 2!) 18 G 6I.| gultoiis beer, ut 2s. 8d. .. 01 111 8 7D2 dinners, at 2s. 8d 08 0 0 £304 17 2 As a specimen of un Irish hill wo give the following, which was rendered to Sir Marcus Somerville, father of tire present Lord Athlum- nov, who represented Month, and was framed und hung in his lious'o : — To enttug 16 freelioldul's for Str Msrl:s above stairs at 3s. 3d. a la-ad is tu uie — 2 12 6. To entlni: 11 more bebrar stairs ami two priests after slippur is to roe— 1 15 0. To S beds iioae room, and four In torlicr ut 2 Ktiincas fur every bed, ami not more tllan 4 ill aliy bl-d ntimy timeeiioap eunuch (imliiiuu Is loiue— 22150. To 3 horses and mules in yard ail nlah: at 12d. evarv one or them and fur a man wateliing them nil nlziit — 5 5 0. To breakfast on toy for every one of them and ns many as tliey brought with them as near 11s I can guess — 4 12 0. l'or 1'nw whisky anil punch without bilking of pipes tobacco as well as for breaking a pot above htuira and other glasses and tlclf for tlie first dav mill lirst night 1 am not, sure, but I think for 3. days and j at tlie election as lltllo a, 1 can call it mid to be very exact Is In all or therenbnurs as near' as I can gums 79 15 51. Shaving and dressing and cropping off the heads of of 24 freeholders for Sir Marks by lay brother has a wute at 13 every ouu of thetn and ciiciic enough Hod noes 2 5 8. Tor a wointt and mine for ponr Tom Kernan In the middle of the night when lio wus not expected Is to mo ten hogs. 1 dour talk uf the piper for keeping liha sober so long: as he was sober is to ine £(0 10 0. Thetotal. afgneil , 2 12 o 0 In the place Jimmy Cars wifo 2 15 0 0 his 22 15 0 0 Bryan + Irumtty 3 5 0 0 Mark 4 1A 0 0 70 15 0 0 I 13 0 l' to 10 0 0 110 13 7 you may say 111 0 0 so your Honour Sir Murks send me this olcvcij humircd by liryiui himself who and 1 prays always for your sueeess In Trim and uo inoro at proMJiit. The history of Die ballot is cotcmporutieous with that of the Bribery Bill, though it did nut become law so soon." For many years this question was brought before the llouso by Mr. Henry Berkeley as regularly "as the Muynooth opposition by Mr. Sibthorp, or mure iaiely the Women's Rights questiuu aud tho Permissive Bill, uud tlie Deceased Wife's Sister Murria<"j legalisation iu tlio Upper House. If was negatived times without number, and generally made its appearance only to be laughed at, the secret of its unpalatuhleness bciug partly tlio in herent Britisli dislike to secrecy, and partly tho fear on tlie part of iaudiords and largo employers of labor that their influence would suffer if their tenants or employes could vote without anv body being tlie wiser, an apprehension which recent elections have shown to be porfectlv wt-U founded. At length, however, pcoplo got so accustomed to Hie term, und heard such favorable accounts of the working of tlie sys tem in America, that under a reforming Go vernment the Ballot Act was passed iu 1872. Had the Ilayos-'i'ileey presidential elec tion occurred ubout this tiln'o it might Imvo contributed to cheek the passiu" of the measure, for it is somewhat startliu" to find that by simply drawing out a slide and shaking the coutcuts of the secret chamber of the ballot box up with what ii legitimately con tains, the result ol an election can be "made secure beforehand ; hut the sense of the House was favorable to the innovation, and what twenty years before was derided us inexpedient and impracticable was adopted simply from the persistence of its supporters. The result of the act, while undoubtedly beneficial to such voters as uro liable to be put under pres sure, lias not been altogether so deterrent from bribery as was hoped. The voter remains as corrupt as ever, aud if tlio briber abstains from purchasing his vote it is because lie cannot trust him. As n rule, however, corrupt voters keep their premises, especially the huge class who are utterly indifferent as to which candi date thoy vote for, but who will not vote at- all unless they are paid. Purity of election in their viow is'tuntumouut to disfranchisement, and if they cannot finger some coin, cither suit rosH or us canvassers, tlio election, in their eyes, is merely a waste of time. At the general elec tion of 1880 a candidate for a Midland Cathedral city strongly impressed upon liis snpporters tho dntv of abstention from bribery, telling them that if he could not he elected witiiout pur chased votes ho hud rather not be returned ut all. Profuse promises were miuie, but after the election (which lie lost) ho had tlio additional mortification of finding that every man on his own committee hud been bribed, and on rcmoustratiu" wus told by his agent that had this uot been done they would certuiuly have voted against him, us they could do under the secret votiii" system, witiiout crcatiug any scandal. Thus in somo cases tho ballot may even produce that which it is intended to obviate. The greatest safeguard against bribery isa large constituency. It wasttliuost impossible to bribe snch boroughs us Liverpool or Finsburv wero before tlio pas sing of the recent Redistribution Act, and it is greatly to bo feared that ouo effect of this measure will ba to revive corruption.. The ubovauamcd boroughs contained respectively 61,000 aud 47.000 voters, who are now split up iuto a number of small wards or arroudissc- mrnls, each rcturniug a member, and of course touch easier to approach corruptly. Victorian legislation o:t elections and elec tors, which is framed on the Euglisli model, though not identical witli it — fur instance, ques tions arising out of elections being dealt witli by coiumitces uf thejilouso audjnot by the judges will be found ut length in the "Statute Book. It will, however, he consolatory to a patriotic colonist io consider that the "more stringent provisions of English legislation are uot needed. No peccant constituency is ever disfranchised in Victoria ; if tlie payment of cabs is pro hibited, the owners uud drivers voluntarily tcuder their vehicles gratuitously, aud if "a question arises whether a member is . legally elected because erasures havo baeu made on the voting papers with a pencil instead of ink, he is allowed the run ot the session before beia1 unseated- 