TO THE EDITOR OF THE BRISBANE COURIER. SIR,—The question of how far anyone has by criminal negligence contributed to the fate of poor Townsend is not to be settled by news- paper correspondence, but it is necessary for me, in reply to Mr. Allen, to show that I had substantial reason for advocating a full inquiry, and understood very clearly what I was writing about. I need not refer to the taste displayed in Mr. Allen's letter, or the tone of it so far as human sympathy with Townsend is con- cerned, but shall restrict myself to facts con- tained in the public columns of the Cairns Press. From these it appears that a man known as " Old Peter" went down in his cutter, the Sea Breeze, in the beginning of January to bring up Townsend's com- panion bailiff, McLeod, who was seriously ill with fever. Townsend also intended returning, but told Peter he would require a day to collect his tools. Peter could not re- main for a day as he regarded McLeod's illness as too serious to admit of any delay. Townsend said he had little or no provi- sions, and Peter left all his own and took back all McLeod's provisions, under instructions probably from McLeod's employer. Peter also took back a letter from Townsend to Allen saying he was short of provisions, and to send a boat to take him home to Cairns. When Peter left, Townsend had some flour, sugar, and rice, and 25lb. of beef, partly unfit to eat. This is what Mr. Allen describes as "three months' provisions." On returning to Cairns, Peter explained the dangerous position of Townsend, and both Mr. Hartley and Mr. Chester were prepared at once to send relief, but were deterred by the assurance of Mr. Allen that Townsend was all right and had plenty of provisions. At the time Mr. Allen was so positive that his bailiff was "all right," the poor fellow was killed and eaten by the blacks. According to his own statement to Peter, he would, at the time of his death, be without proper food, or any means of leaving the selec- tion. I have several private letters from Cairns, authorising me to use the writers' names and their statements in a letter to the Courier. The Cairns Press also contains some very significant correspondence. What the eelitor of the Chronicle, a man with the best opportunity of ascertaining Cairns public opinion, thinks about this affair, will be seen from the follow- ing extract from his last issue :—"If any per son has been guilty of preventing a rehearing or baulking a further inquiry, may the blood of poor murdered Townsend rest on his head. We refuse to pardon or forgot such a hideous and abominable act of perfidy, of such a shameless and inexpiable offence. May the ghost of the murdered man haunt such craven minds, or any who by act, word, or deed have been accessories in pre- venting the public from having a rehearing, and could we but learn the name of any guilty of such an offence we would publish his or their names in large bold type. We trust, however, whoever they are, that they may be branded with eternal infamy." No journalist writes in this strain without some con- siderable reason. The same paper describes the first inquiry as a " miserable sham." I am more than ever satisfied of the necessity for a complete investigation, and if Mr. Allen's position is a secure one, he has nothing to fear. If it shows there is no one to blame, the public and justice will be satisfied. As the Attorney-General has wisely ordered a full inquiry, there is no justification for me to make use of the information placed at my disposal. There is enough to show that Mr. Allen's statements, however honest they may be, are not, in the face of conflicting evidence, to be accepted with the sweet confiding faith and unquestioning credulity which their plausibility suggests.—I am, sir, &c.; A. MESTON. 