. A cuhioub exhibition of ?«» )» » -s i leporlol m Iho city of 0 11 i » iii, Olii'. ! Sonib years ago -tUi womer oi-i'liiu curii.il! on wlint was called . ut crusiid- iigainst tin- | Jttado iii intoxicaling'lirniors. Miny oflln-mj tanin (nnaticB. 'I'Iibv unrndt'l. tlio Btl'i'i'ls !in bands, took possession of drinking saloons, ;nnd emptied tho barrels ond dcuiijohns into 'tho gutters. The end of this crusndc lound some of these women inclined to incept ihe most absurd docliinos in religion. '1 wo women living in Cincinnati, eaeli tlie wifo »f a respectable and sonsiblo in'/ii, cnmc lo licliovu some time 'go Hint tliey wero. members of die Trinity. One of them, M'n Murtir, declares that elio is Jesus Oiirist, and tlie other usserls that she is the Holy Ghost. The Deity is mimil'esled in tliem iu order that the world may bo warned of tho approaili of the millen ium. Around these women there is a largo and growing group of worshipping believers. Tmmg men and old, girls und matrons, accept without question iho crazy declarations ol Mrs Maruu nnd .Mrs Brooks, ami several men heretofore ongngul in business havo aban doned everythiuf,'' to follow theso maniacs. A young clergyman is tho latest c- nvert. Some years ago I became familiar uilh tho history of a similar group of fanati s who flourished in a New England city. The loader of tho group was a woir.an named Wnkeman. She declared. that she had spent seven hours in heaven, auu had relumed !o earth as Ihe per sonification oc God to warn tho world of tho coming milleunitiin. She had thirty or fjrty .devoted followers, who believed all that she sai£, but showed common grime in the ordin iiy transactions of life. When frjio assured tlii m that cuo of their number was the Evil .Spirit and must bo ri m iv d, oven the victim accepted his sentence, aud his eoni| anions .murdered him without ii-siiaiion. On tl.e following day another WaUemanite murdered ?tno inoffensive men. because Mrs Wakejnan Ji u l told him that they wero retarding the coming of tho Millennium. The Courts then broke up tho band hy successful prosecutions. . Reconciled friendship is a wound ill salved. . Let liini uot bo n lover who has not courage. Love is tho trno prico at which love is bought. The friendship of the great is fraternity with lions. lie hauls nt. a long rope who expectj another's death. 