OUR PARIS. LETTER. (From our own correspondent.) Paris, September 4. The Gastein-Franzensbad Paw Wows ] resolve themselves into an affair of] Three Musketeers to connive at the' sequestration of a brave and chivalrous ■ Prince, and dictate to his subjects to:] select another sovereign, ?as if their wishes were, not of the least account,] they were to be treated like dum- driven cattle. This conduct of the nineteenth ; j century Holy Alliance, with the Prince Metternich politics as.a Banquo ghost, has revolted the public conscience and outraged . civilisation by " the deep damn itioh. of. the taking off" of the Prince Alexander. The Confederated I Eagles have again counted without the peoples. ' Rdssia is not so much de feated as-humiliated. Austria has made a giant stride towards her own} dissolution; when sixteen millions of ] Hungarians will come to the front and bead, not tlie Russian Sclavs, but those ' Sclavs desirous of marching with the spirit of the age—tb? Poles, the Croats, the" Servians, - the Daco- Ronians, and the loyal and burly Bulgars. .U Ah.I if free peoples could only unite] as narrowly as imperial heads, whose - policy appears to be simply a " scratch; me and I'll scratch you." The expul siob of the Prince-was the machination of Russia. Deposited prisoner on her territory by the " lootera of the Sofia. ■Treasury, the..Czar .ordered his. cousin not to be conducted back to his capital with all honors as would be done in the days of chivalry, butootnptflleddiim to make a circular tour—which fortune illustrated the longest way round to be' < the "shortest way home to the hearts of »bwjpvjng and indignant subjects through^ Austrian Poland in order to \ allow anarchy to break loose in Bul garia aud so afford a pretext to break in on the irigbtened fold. The Russian press, which assumes to be shocked at the abduction of the prince, would pre-] Yoke a smile wily civilisation has been too |deeply wounded by the J out- j rage. It protests, but "jnethinks the lady doth protest too much." The Czar risked Plevna lb make Bulgarians •' his vassals, and so open the road directly to Constantinople. The road is now more than ever barred. Prince Alex ander is more firmly seated in the. saddle than ever. The recent im-1 morality of Russia balances the account of all gratitude due by him towards the Gzar. Henceforth he will have not alone the torn treaty: of Berlm:—and how many rents, has the Muscovite j given to treaties;—but the supjjorters oLj • pair play, of the weak against the strong, and of those peoples wbo possess -freedom or still yearn for it. It is such, who for the kidnapping- of Prince Alexander, Russia will - -* " In the worlds mouth lave scandalized and foully spoken df.'T ' The Bulgarian . tragi-comedy has re ! fiected on Prince Bismarekl . He is j not to-day in public opinion the man of forethought,political ability,- and of I ready solutions lie was yesterday. To curry the good will of Russia he would sacrifice twenty Prince Alexanders. For him Bulgaria is a' quantite neglige- j ■able. The Chancellor is face to face with a cosmopolitan opinion, which he does not comprehend and that be failed - to foiesee. He cab ouly live by suc cesses' he has got on the incline. Lookers-on know all the cards he haB in: his bauds, bis play is now well- known; his objective was never a mystery and] consists in keeping down social demo Jcracy :in Fatherland, and preventing France from making allies, in a word keepiug her isolated. To prevent all flirtations between Russia and France he wonld immolate any roi tdet the] Czar would consider as impertinent .or as coming between the: wind and his ] nobility. Prince Bismarch is old^ and . each year brings the day of reckoning: with France .wearer and nearer. On questions of^-.hpipe. government the Fiench may " fight: like devils -for con ciliation," they tnay blunder over, colonial expansion,'and sink into debt! for magnificent, bat useless public ] works. One thing they are united upon and stand shoulder to shoulder— ] Alsace and Lor rain they intend to re take.. Restless and impatient as is their temperament they will bide their hour, will wait till the whirligig of] time brings them the desired chance. They would have forgiven the terrible indemnity of five milliards, but to amputate, poor ami loving Alsace—j faithful among the faithless that's I engraved oh their hearts as the loss of Calais was said to bp on Queen Mang's. It is impossible for Bismarck either to hoodwink: or tempt France by dan gling a Belgium or an Egypt before her pyes. That bait took with Napoleon HI:,- and lulled him till the Danish Duchies were disposed of and Austria wound up at S idowa. He believed to iiave crushed France in 1870, ij nd to be able to quarter his Pomeranians on her fat hectares till the five milli u'.ls were paid—.» matter that'might he for years or forever. France paid the indemnity, Germany picking her very bones. To day she is richer than her conqueror, and able to support better the rivalry Of bioate I? af>n irtiei|ts— tor it is the te|iiGrarqi||n Empli eiwiiicli : has caused the war budgets of Rugfia and Switzerland," as well as her own, to be doubled since ] a score of years, while foicing other countries to augment their war esti mates a third or a fourth.. Prussia has { ataorbed Germany, not Germany Prus- 1 sia, and the Chancellor hoida the Prus sian army to be the truest representation of the nation. ' It is not by sowing distrust all ; round, by setting the powers at logger heads, that Bismarck can henceforth rule. . Opinion perceives that it is not the peace t>f Europe, or the propagation of right and justice, or the protection ! of the weak against the strong, that j guides him ; but the keeping, together of Germany. In all complications that surge he applies his Procustean rale- -is any one of them worth the bone of a Pomeranian or a Kreutzer. He would buy Russians friendship to pi or row by offering her Constantinople, as he did in 1880 to keep her aloof from Prance, as the first Napoleon pro posed Stamboul, Bosnia and .Bulgaria as Austria's. share of his proposed par tition of Turkey. And Austria is as unchivalrons and selfish, in land-grab bing as - her ally Germany. In any case public opinion commences an evo lution caused by the perfidious diplom acy towards Bulgaria, which tends to put ride questions aside, and to the alliance oF autocrats oppose the federa tion of peoples staunch and stalwart in matters of free government and fair The " International Workmen's - Con gress just closed bas been-more-than a success. This is'due ;to the presence of the English delegates at. ;tfoe Trades Unions, who steadied the proceedings byjcevpirig their . discu3Moa on practical points, giving - a wide'herth to politics, and " snuffing hut chiihefcas. In - vain [the reprasentativ& of Germany labored' to inoculate the debates with the Social ism of '" bis Fatherland-—a ■socialism which secures its professors the; free dom of the prison cell, and cannot raise its adept's wages beyond sis pence} a day," and whose diet isbad~ryebrea<k j'mkshed- potatoes anAqwotrk. \Bie5rork maa vmsb now m by ,the. ayn^>abby his good sens© has Kindled-that'lie-is not the object of any class bate. He may count upon public, opinion to second - his own efforts &r; sicfcfitnds, asylums for old age, life-supporting wagps, -civilised residences and con tinuous work. Politics, windbagisro, and utopias are the trinity of'evils that wrecked the formation, or rather the existence of Naders Unions in this country, ^ Every, nation venerates . the aged. The Chinese make a cidte in the respect paid toparents and relatives who arrive at a green - old age. Though the world is a little . blaze of all kinds of centena ries, Parisians have roused themselves to the effort of honoring the hundred years of that M Father of Students/' JUL Chevreul, who still pursues his ordmary calling, that of lecturing on the laws of color and synthetic chemis try to a third generation of students. One of his famous pupils is the famous Dr. Ricord, to-day in his eighty-second year, though not so robust an " ancient," as his old professor. It is tactical too on the part of France to pay honors to ciioyens on the shady side of one hun dred. . The population of tire country being stationary the distinction helps jbo'..induce persons to live on, and so keep the total of the millions of the population at the uniform water-level. M. Chevreul has been covered with Sowers and next to drowned in elo quence. -His health has been toasted <ili.it_,was ail next to drank away . He received an japotheasis in the shape of a torch-light procession that ought to make General Boulanger jealous. M. Ghevreul did', excellent work in his day for- science and art; hew a bis honors well mid. may he wear them long. He attributes his longevity, youthful spirits and capacity for work to never, dtinking anythiug stronger than ! water, avoiding a fish dietary, even in Lent, always keeping mind and' hands-employed, subscribing to the shepherd's philosophy—going to bed at poultry hours, and rising with the. lark. May he. live a thousand yearsI;• - .. 