LOCAL ßEMINISCBNCEg. Tho famous tërraoes at Waikato are wonderful freaks of nature. Between them are deep mytterious gulches, sunken canyon?, terrifying ratinas with curiously interoiting cones, and over all these frown from the near distance tho rhajeBtio mist capped mountains, while, as if circling the base of thiB mervollous scene, there foams the tnrbu'ent river. . Tho scene is ó: e upon which one might feast for many an hoar, and the while feel himself being lulled into contemplative repose by tho murmuring of the boautiful stream, which although apparently BO ontioing, is so impregnated with mineral proper ties that tish caunot Jive in it. Many of the steep aonioai ' hil'a havo " impenetrable chasms through which the pout-up-molten lava must have burst and I rushed in fiery torrents into the ravines below, and j that, too, at a date not very far distant. Other hills are embellished with unmistakable evidences of fieroe ooofliota iii which foos met to conquer or to die. . .These fortifications, or what remains of them, stand as a lasting testimony of the, strategic powers of the courageous Maoris. The little town of Oxford, which bas become the harbor of refuge of so many who sought to escapo from NaturO'B scourge, ÍB a well ordered comfortable placo. Ita main attraction is a hotel, where a genial host bas a hearty welcome for all whb enter 'heath his hospitable roof. It is tbero where so many have so recently sought and found comfort in their house less desolation. Porhaps there ÍB no »pot m New Zealand more full of roniantio scenery than Rotorua. In tho centre of the plaoid waters there is an ideal spot, the Mofa oía Island, and fringing tho highly tinted wators there stand out with striking promin ence .beautiful white oliffe, whioh are orowned by an ever Changing wreath of thin vapor. But in this grand scene there is one element so distasteful that ono would lido to be deprived of the sense of smell while in those noxious regions AB the traveller proceeds toward Ohintmutu the Blench of sulphur and tho abominations of constipated nature become more and more oppressive. It is here where wearied and time-worn naturo can be restored to almost infantile vivacity by the mysterious influence of tho tepid baths, which for pure ni alloy od sybaritic deliciousness the Madame Rachel bath ranks supremo. Near that plaoo is tho pioturosquo little spot Wairoa, whioh seems to have a peculiar charra for tho stal wart Maoris, many of whom, it is to be feared, have here found tho end of that lifo of indolent luxury peculiar to the natives. There, as well as in tho vioinity of tho geyser village of Whaokarewarewa, there is a Bceno ot striking grandeur. At the latter plaoe the startling animation suppbed by tho spout ing geysers and tho ever rifling, but never onding clonas of vapor, are supplemented ly the moEt horrible and inexplicable sounds. From the great geyser there hubbies scalding water wherein it would seem as if the wholo hosts of his Satanic Majesty wore in the last throes of deith, and were giving up the ghost with nn accompaniment of tho- most fiendish ourseB. It is a terrible but grand sight. But for wonder inspiring revelations thore is no plaoe whioh bristled more with a strange admixture of unconquerable lifo and death-like solitude than did the distriot burronndmg Mount Tarawera. The mount seemed to stand forth in majestio grandeur, while near at band thero lay tho hot seething geyser. 