CORRESPONDENCE. A "GRASS CARELESSNESS OR LNTEN- Pa TIONAL INSULT." TO _. aft To the Editor. a? Sir, Recently I noticed you gave the organs of " Reform " a little piece of friendly advice. You represented to them that were they to cease from pouring forth " high fair tin nonsense " and to adopt a waiting policy, combined with judicious attack when favourable occasion offered, they would better promote the interests of their cause than they are doing at present. Your evening contemporary is evidently of opinion that you were teaching your grandmother to suck eggs or on the very next day it made a most injudicious instead of judicious attack and talked if possible the worst .' high falutin nonsense " its readers have yet had the misfortune to peruse. ' It seems the fashion to bolster up advocacy of constitutional change with- not decent criticism of, but vulgar personal attacks upon the Governor ; so your contemporary, thinking it had a fine chance for this particularly chivalrous method of procedure, rushed into an assumption of hysterical indigna- tion because Sir Frederick Broome had, it alleged, allowed the local Exhibition Commission to expire without notifying to that body that the time had come for it to com- mit " the happy despatch." This neglect it asserts is either " crass carelessness " (a really charming expression) or " intentional insult." Behold the horrors, ye misguided people, it adds, which may be committed under this detestable form of Government. The article itself is far too silly and far too spiteful in its bad taste to be deserving of serious notice. But it reminded me I had intended to point out that, in my opinion, my brother Commissioners had made a mis- take in dissenting themselves at their late meeting. The Governor, of course, as everyone acquainted with the usual procedure in such cases knows, could not communicate to the Commision the fact of the Exhibition having been closed until he had been formally informed that such was the case-a press telegram is never acted upon for official purposes. I should imagine, also, that it would have been considered desirable to keep the Commission in existence, if that could have been, done, until the return of Mr. Fraser, now shortly expected. That Mr. Fraser should have met the Commission would have been highly convenient, but I presume that, owing to the as it seems to me ill-advised, action taken at the late meeting of that body, it will now be impossible for such an interview to take place or for the Commission to give up the ghost in a regular and decorous manner. To most people it would suggest itself that if, in the business in question, there had been any want of courtesy, it was the Commission which had failed, but I certainly am not going to follow the example of your contemporary and suggest causes for this which I am ready to believe did not operate in the least. Yrs etc., A member of the Commission. I , rest December 2,1886. ed 