THE UNIVERSITY EXAMINATIONS. TO THE EDITOR. I am, &c.;, SUB-SILENTIO. Sir—In my previous letter anent troubles of " Argus" I adopted the role of verbum sap, and hoped he had taken my word to his heart. However, I regret that such has not been the result. I must therefore diagnose his weak ness again. A very excellent authority leaves & good deal to the judgment in the treat ment of similar cases, for doea not the wise man say " answer a fool according to his folly" in one place; and in another, " answer pot a fool according to his folly." So a choice is left open. Let me say that when a fellow 6truts around and dubs himself " Argus" any man of ordinary reading thinks of the pea cock and its tail feathers—while ae to Tiresias the poet laureate has just unearthed his ghost. Three cheers for the blind prophet of our school days! Let not " Argus " delude himself into the belief that I am going to follow him through all the quag mires of evil-thinking-that be bo madly rushes into. Like most of the half-demented he shows much cunning, for he craftily refrains from noticing the gist of my letter at all. I said that what most concerns the public is how is it that out of all the candidates sent up to the University examinations from all the schools in the colony—except Prince Alfred College, of whose pupils forty oat of forty -six that went up passed—two out of every three failed to pass. Now this is a very serious matter to all those parents who send their sons to these schools, as well as to the teachers who secure no better results. The only reply " Argus " has to this important question is an owl-like silence, and Minerva was wise. To aid him I suggested, after Husley, that the papers set might be too bard —in proof whereof only one candidate out of three was able to master then-.. To an unsophisticated mind this looks very much as if they bad been the victims of " cramming' I —a process that usually fails when brought to the test. Conversant, as no doubt "Argus" is, with the practice of the uni versities, I was a little surprised that he does not trot out the more respectable word "coach'' from bis vocabulary. Sir. Kouth, of Gam bridge, has the unfortunate habit of getting the students who place themselves under his charge to the top of the lifts. Some misguided people think that Mr. Routh understands his business, but if he happened to belong to Prince Alfred College he would be ranked by " Argus" and his friends as the evil spirit of "cram, "whoadded to his other wickednesses that of surreptitiously getting hold of tbeexamination papers beforehand. ? I have long been of opinion that the doctrine of "cram" is an an innts fatuus that alternately attracts and pursues weak minds. Tney try its effect, and it fails them in the hour of need. They hear of other schools' success and they cry—" Ah, that cram again." If the headmaster of Prince Alfred Collejge and his Etaff happen to understand the business of presenting know ledge to the minds of the boys under their charge in such manner that they can appro priate it, let the detractors of that institution go and do likewise: they will then deserve the thanks of the community. "Argus" refers to his knowledge of the ways of Prince Alfred College a long time ago. To-day I encountered an old scholar of that institution who re membered that the then headmaster succeeded in introducing into the colony for the first time focal examinations in connection with the Melbourne University— the gentlemen who took charge of the examina tion papers here being Kevs. Bead, of Mitcham, and Field, of Glenelg. There were six candidates from Prince Alfred College, all of whom passed, and two others who did not pass; so it seems to be in the air that Prince Alfred boys should succeed. Cannot "Argus " and "Theoretiko? " get up a ringto suppress the offending institution? In my previous letter I suggested that the other schools should profit by weir own failures, calmly doing their best, and hoping that the next eight or ten years that "Argus" looks forward to will be less favorable to Prince Alfred College than the last fourteen or fifteen years bars been. It was uot till Sir Wm. Jervois with his chivalrous fo'F?"!1 idea of fairplay appeared on the speech-day platforms of both Prince Alfred and St. Peter's schools that the mag nates of the latter institution ever let it pass their lips that there was a competing high school in the colony. X have ever held myself to be a friend to higher education everywhere, and have been specially pleased to bear of the snccesses of St. Peter's. I therefore much regret that such ill-advised advocates as "Argus" and " Theoretikos* 1 should mislead the public by affording them grounds to think that envy, malice, or uccharitableness finds an abode within the time-honored walls of the older high school, " Argus" prefers to " divi nities and snakes." I answer him according to his folly—to men who ought to be divine the words of Virgil may too often be applied— Tavtatnt animis coel&tibus; irae? — while snakes hidden beneath^ the grass are still dan gerous to wayfarers. P.S.—fincethe above was written the able reply of " Verus" has appeared; the only fault I tied with his letter is that he expends too irsnch powder and shot on such small game.— S.S. 