THE TRADESMANS' BALL THIS social event, which has been the chief conversational topic for the last fortnight, came off at the Town Hall on Wednesday evening, and was in every particular an unmistakeable success, made so by the earnestness displayed towards the movement by the Sub- committee combined with a general intention on the part of the dancers to go in and make the ball enjoyable to themselves and those around them, lt was truly what we last week predicted it would be, the best social gathering of the year, and this fact ought to rather nettle the individual who openly stated his intention of doing all in his power to counteract the success of tho thing, but we are pleased to say succeeded only in casting a slur on his name that will take a considerable time to erase. What more can be desired to ensure success than good music, pleasant partners, and an accommodating, well-prepared floor ? and all three were at hand. As to the Hall and its fixings, the least that can be said of them is that the arrangements could not be beaten. The stage was transformed into a spacious dining room ; at thc opposite end a space was par- titioned oft' to serve as a private apart- ment for the ladies ; and next to this was a bar for refreshments. Outside the building a marquee was erected and furnished with card and smoking re- quisites, and a portion of the Secretary's private quarters opposite was generously placed at the disposal of those ladies whose maternal affections prevented them leaving their little ones at home. By a quarter past eight o'clock a start was made with the programme of seven- teen dances, there being then over 20 couples in the room. Among the fair sex were Mrs. Parsons, Mrs. Christoe, Mrs. Hillson, Mrs. Searcy, Miss Disher, Mrs. Holtze, Mrs. Kilian, Mrs. Brunisch Mrs. Hopewell, Miss Turner, Mrs. E. Marker, Mrs. Pickford, Mrs. Flett, Miss Brown, Mrs. N. Byrne, Mrs. J. W. Johnston, Mrs. Devine, Mrs. T. Marsh, Mrs. Dalton, Mrs. Harwood, Mrs. J. Johnston, Mrs. Bradbury, Mrs. Becker, Mrs. Freer, Mrs. F. I. IT. Finniss, Mrs. Norcock. And among thc gentle- men were the Hon. J. L. Parsons, Mr. Justice Pater, the Revs. Bradbury and Ward, and Messrs. Beresford, Searcy, Hillson, V. L. Solomon, J. G. Knight, Kilian, Hopewell, Harwood, R. M. Stow, D. McDonald. Holtze. Lewis, Brunisch, Pickford. E. Marker, S. T. Brown, W. E. Adcock, Hawes, Mayhew, Luxton, Debross, Ranford, Wedd, Bull. Sims, T. Marsh, Becker, F. I. H. Finniss, M. Solomon, Kirkland, Murphy McKcddie, Freer, Dalton, Flett, Devine, Norcock. Alexander, Wilson and others. Dancing was kept up with very short intervals between each dance until mid- night, when an adjournment was made to tho dining room; where Host Hope- well had laid out as " illigant a collec- tion of refreshments as we have seen for many a day. Talk of tables groaning under the weight of good things ! why, the table on Wednesday night fairly yelled beneath its load, and, although some of the masculine appetites nearly approached the abnormal stage, when all hands had had enough there was sufficient left to satisfy a few dozen niggers, and that is saying a good deal. Then dancing was resumed with an equal detenu ¡nation to when it bogan, and was continued till 3 a.m., winni the programme, with its extras, was finally declared wound up, and the assemblage dispersed, all apparently very well pleased with everything in connection with the ball. Mrs. Harwood graciously relieved the engaged musicians on two occasions, but, as a rule, the "baud" was equal to any emergency. No hitch or accident of the smallest kind occurred during thc night, and it was indeed a pleasure to notice so much good fellow- ship aud such universal enjoyment as held the sway from beginning to end. Many of the ladies looked extremely neat in costumes well adapted for a ball room, but, no matter what our private belief may be, we do not care, to risk tho responsibilities of a public declaration as to which lady shone as belle. Pink and cream were the predominating shades, and in dresses of satin and sateen of these, colours several of the gentler sex appeared almost too nice for anything. But, what is better still, above all the fine apparel were faces that too plainly gave a dumb recognition of the success of the hastily- arranged social gathering. Those who enjoyed themselves have to thank Messrs. V. L. Solomon (hon. sec.), R. D. Beresford, J. C. Hillson, and H. M. Debross, in particular, for these four went into the project from the start with a will that could not fail to bring about success at the proper time. The result will doubtless rake up the ghost of old times and set the Assemblies in motion again, if the musical difficulty is not insurmountable. 