THE CONTRIBUTOR. OLD ENGLISH CUSTOMS AND FOLK-LORE. FBy Elfin,] VIII.—DIVINATIONS. One of the most strongly marked dis tinctions between man and the lower creation is seen in those considerations of futurity which enter into human calculations. The ammal will gorge him self to-day, unmindful of to-morrow's famine. To such the present moment is the limit of consciousness. They have | no to-morrow, and no view of future con tingencies to lessen their enjoyment of I the present. On the other hand the ] human soul is ever the subject of alternate hopes and fears, as it anti cipates the future. It sees the lines of its existence projected in advance until they are lost in indistinctness—a maze of possibilities whioh may either crown its hopes or work its ruin. The present is the womb of the future. Is it not possible, then, to read our fate j before it comes to the birth ? If we, un aided, cannot lift the veil of futurity there are spirit existences who can, and if they will they can give us the premonition of coming events. This conclusion followed as an easy deduction from the belief that the world of wood and earth and water was crowded with Nature spirits, besides a multitude of ghosts of departed persons who were always near and in frequent intercourse with the living. Such beliefs afforded a sufficient reason as well as justi fication for the practises of divination. They formed a direct appeal to the super natural. Spirit rapping, table dancing, and other spiritualistic phenomena are the modern analogues of these appeals to the spiritual orders for informa tion relating to the unseen and the future. There is no country | or age which does not give us illustrations in some form or another of such divina tions. To the ancients it was a regular science, and the arts of divination formed a leading feature in the duties of the priesthood. Axinomancy, belomancy, capnomancy, cheiromancy, geomancy, hydromancy, lithomancy, and pyromancy j are only a few out of about sixty j " mancieB" known to us, and which repre sented as many different departments in j the practice of divination. Among the old Grecian and Latin communities the consultation of oracles, taking note of auguries, divining by the entrails of the animals slain in sacrifice, or watching the I appearance of the altar fires, was serious business, and often deter mined the course pursued in i lation to momentous affairs of the j State. Such practices first lost their hold upon the European governments in their ] official capacities, the sphere for divina tion after the establishment of Chris tianity by the State being mainly relegated to private life and to individual concerns. In this latter stage it has sur vived in an ever-decreasing degree to the present generation. The dark-skinned j gipBy still plieB her trade at English fairs and amongst visitors to the seaside, and in my remembrance there was an old woman in a certain town in Norfolk who was commonly known to practise the black art, and in consequence was greatly feared by the juveniles of the place. The reputed "witch" was not unfre quently consulted by the "quality" of the neighbourhood, who, it was said, sometimes visited her humble cottage in their carriages. In Scotland and the North of England the mysteries of the art have been in the bands of the people generally as distin guished from any specially endowed I individual. As in other departments of folk-lore, we find in the popular rites of divination a curious jumble of pagan and Christian customs, the more ancient of | these formulas being a direct appeal to the traditional pagan divinities or demons I of onr Northern ancestors. The pagan | element is well marked in all such caseB, where the operator is required to walk i backwards whilst performing the mystic ceremonies, as this custom (known as I "withershins," referred to in a previous i article) was the sign that the diviners appealed to the spirits of darkness. It is also instructive to notice that moBt of the i ceremonies had to be performed at some particnlar time, as new moon, Christmas | Eve, New Year's Eve, Midsummer Eve, 1 Candlemas, and more particularly on Hallowe'en, at which time the spirits were supposed to be particularly^ active. I Such auguries as come in the natural course of things, and quite involuntarily to the spectator, have been treated under I the head of " Omens." In the present | article we are dealing with such interpre tations of the future as may be gathered from signB where human agency has supplied the initiative. There are, how ever, one or two forms of augury worthy of mention which seem to occupy a kind of borderland between these divisions. It | has been an old custom among wealthy families to plant a tree on the day which has given a new member to the family by birth, and the superstition runs that there iB a kind of sympathetic relation between the child and the tree which is planted in in his name on his natal day, the vigorous growth or decadence of the tree syn chronizing with the welfare or other (rise of the child in after- life. Whilst staying in Derbyshire a few years ago a soli tary tree growing on the top of a bleak hill was pointed oat to me, and its history given as follows :—Many years ago two brothers about to leave their native country for Australia, wishing to leave behind them something to remind their friends of them when far away, each took a young tree and respectively planted them close together on this barren height. One tree still survives, but the other has perished, the local story giving as an ex planation that one of the young men was unfortunate and died at a premature age, and as he passed away the tree he had planted on his native "hills withered and died also. Whether intentional or not I cannot say, but a similar sentiment finds expression in another form in the well-known ballad of "My Grandfather's Clock— It was bought on the morn of the day that he was born, And was always bis treasure and pride; But it stopped short never to go again when the old man died. Perhaps the eimpleBt form of divination, and one that has been often used in re ligious ceremonies where other forms of a kindred nature would have been regarded as highly improper, is that of divining by lot. This method has been recognised in every religious creed, from the Phoenician sailors, who threw Jouah overboard on the decision given by lot, to the appointment of an apostle as recorded in the Acts. The lot has also been resorted to in modern times by the Moravian Brethren as a means of reaching decisions on such im portant questions as the appointment of ministers, the choice of wives, mis sionaries to the heathen, and on one occa sion the lot decided the point whether the Brethren should maintain a separate Church existence or unite with the Lutherans. A closely related custom is practised in the North of England todecide a doubtful point. When it is uncertain which way is the better to go, the " Whether way for a penny" ceremony is performed by throwing up the coin and noting which way it comeB down, or, as a variation of the custom, a stick is held with itB lower end on the ground as nearly upright as the eye of the operator can determine, and then, noting the direc tion in which it falls, it is ascertained in what direction to go to obtain the object desired. This is almost identical with the divination practised by the Polynesians when attempting to forecast the isBueBof an impending battle. Two rows of sticks are placed facing each other representing the opposing armies, and it is observed which row, friends or enemies, is moBt shattered by the wind, the relative number of sticks overthrown and the direction in which they fall foreshadowing the fates of war in the coming etruggle. A favourite method of divination by the professional "fortune-teller" was by "palmistry," or in other words reading the future of a person from the particular grouping of the lines observed on the palm of the hand with the geometrical figures they make by intersection, &c.; Another method formerly much in vogue was performed by opening one of the classical poets, generally Homer or Virgil, and placing the finger on the open page, when the words thus pointed out by the finger were construed in a prophetic sense. It is related that Charles 1., when much depressed on account of the troubles wbicb threatened to overthrow his rule, resorted to this method of reading his fate by opening Virgil, when the oracle (Sortes Virgilianse) gave the following reply strangely applicable to the tragic end which soon after befell the ill- fated monarch:— But vex'd with rebels and a stubborn race, His country banish'd, and his son's embraoe. Some foreign prince for fruitless succours try, And see his friends ingloriouBly die; Nor, when he shall to faithless teima submit, His throne enjoy, nor comfortable light, But, immature, a shameful death receive, And in the ground tli' unbnry'd body leave. Instead of the poets the Bible, which came more within the reach of the common people, was often used in a similar way. Another method was to suspend the Bible by a key placed in the centre of the book, and after the use of certain words the answer was received by the Bible turning in a given direction, so as to supply an affirmative or negative decision. In the decadence of this "art" the survivals have lingered most persistently aroUDd the questions of love and marriage. The young ladies of to-day—the Lord forgive them—are left almost alone in maintaining a semblance of the "black arts" in attempts to forecast their chances with regard to a settlement in life. A set of ancient forms of divination in relation to marriage of a very simple character I and read by young people from such combination of numbers as can be found in the flower-heads of grasses, the buttons on a dress, or the seeds in a fruit are of universal prevalence. In Norfolk it ran, "Tinker, tailor, ploughboy, sailor, rich man, poor man, apothecary, thief." This was, of course, said by an expectant maiden, who, desiring also to foresee her wedding trousseau, continued the round with "Silk, satin, cotton, rags." The time was divined with " This year, next year, some time, never." There was still the question as to how she would be conveyed to Church, and the oracle was again set in motion with " Coach, carriage, wheel barrow, dungcart." The following group of formulas for discovering a lady's true love were gathered by the writer from the neigh bourhood of HaltwhiBtle, in West Northumberland. Eat an apple with one hand whilst doing the hair up with the other, when the young lady's prospective lover will be seen looking over her shoulder in the glass. The frequency with which the "apple" turns up in these old amatory divinations is suggestive of the time when the Northmen, as well as the Latins, recognised a Goddess of Plenty (Pomona), to whom they offered the fruits of the earth in propitiation. There seemB also to bean idea of sacrifice under lying the following. Take a chicken's first egg (the firstlings), break it into a cup of spring water, when it will take the shape of the young woman's future hus band, show his style of dreBS, and also the trade he will follow by the implements recognised in his hand. Or take a marriage ring and suspend it with a thread of silk in a glass tumbler, when it will commence to oscillate bo as to strike the sideB of the glaBS, and will beat the number of years that will elapse before marriage. Another methodis to take nine pieces of paper, on three of which the young woman writes the names of three likely young men, one name on each, three are marked with death, and three are left blank. Each paper is folded care fully and put into the lady's left slipper, and placed by the side of the bed at night. In the morning the slipper muBt be shaken so that all the papers are thrown out but one, this remaining one indicating if it should happen to be a blank that the young woman's prospects of marriage are nil J if it contains one of the persona named—the young man that will propose to her: or one of the papers marked " death"—an early separation from her lover or husband by death. The ancient worship of springs and streams seems to be connected with the following:—Get some water from a stream which runs south, and with it make a cake. Put the cake on the fire near mid night, preserving a profound silence the while and leaving the door ajar, when precisely at midnight the prospective husband will enter by the open door and turn the cake over. On AUhallows' Eve —that night of outing for all sprites and ghostt—set out a table of provisions with dishes for two. At 12 at night the young woman seeB her future husband occupying the vacant chair at the table with her. Another formula for Halloween requires, I should say, some little courage in the operation. To get a sight of the lover and husband that is to be, let a young woman eat a red herring raw and entire from the head to the tail. She must then retire to bed without speaking, first placing a glass of water by the Bide of the bed. During the night her future husband will appear, and lift the glass to give the lady a drink. In some way St. Thomas and onions have been associated in folk lore from time immemorial, and the fol lowing gathered from the same district as the preceding is a further illustration On St. Thomas's Day a young woman takes a red onion, and puts it into the ring finger of the left-hand glove. She then at miduight goes out of the house backwards until she reaches a corner of the house, and repeats the words— Now, St. Thomas, give me my right; Send me my true love to nigbt. This done, the young woman returns, still walking backwards, to the house and goes backwards to bed, placing the glove and onion under the pillow, the result being a visit by apparition of her future husband. Another mothod, related by Henderson, is as follows:—A young woman takes a willow branch in her left hand, and secretly leaves the house, run ning three times round it whispering all the time, "He that's to be my guid man come and grip the end o' it." During the last round the image of her future hus band will appear and seize the other end of the Btick. At Halloween and other occasions when young people group together it is a favourite pastime for those who are fortunate enough to have lovers totest theireincerity by various forms of divination. One of the most popular of these is by means of apple pips. A young woman puts a pip into the fire, at the same time naming her lover. If in burning it makes a great splutter it is a favourable sign, and indicates gushing affections; but if it burns away quietly it indicates that the absent one has little love for the experimenter. It is also a universal custom to put a piece of bride's cake through the marriage-ring of the bride, and then place the cake under the pillow at night to secure dreams of pros pective husbands. The belief in Lincolnshire that the hard skin which gathers on the knees is a sign of riches is surely a piece of irony, as it is peculiarly the possession of poor and hard working people, unless it indicates that wealth comes by hard work. So also the white specks often seen in the finger nails are counted up as so many gifts coming to the person, or perhaps rlohes. In the same county the hair is sometimes cut in locks from the head and thrown into the fire as a means of divin ing how long the person is likely to live; if the hair burns brightly with a blaze there is long life in store, but should it simply smoulder away it foreshadows an early death. I also heard of a custom in the northern counties used at the death of a member of the family to ascertain which of the family should die next. The straw or chaff of the bed on which the deceased had died was to be taken into the yard and burned, and in the ashes would be seen the print of a foot. That member of the household whose foot corresponded most nearly to the impression shown In the ashes was the next doomed to die. The Manx people, who have a similar custom, spread the ashes on the floor of the house, ar d then by marking whetherthefootprinta are pointed inwards or outwards divine whether a birth or death shall next occur in the family. ABin the case of good and bad luck and omens, the explanation of most kinds of divination can be reached by taking into account such association ot ideas which transformed the ideal into the reaL There is an important element, however, in the folk lore of Northern Europe clearly traceable to the ancient mytho logies of the Northmen. When Christianity first touched the Germanic tribes the com mon people were made by force nominal Christians whilst remaining pagan at heart. At Church they used Christian forms; in their homes they feared, pro pitiated, and appealed to their ancestral divinities and demi-gods. This appeal to the non-ChriBtian powers was signified in using che left in preference to the right, a dead silence, a backward posture, and the use of various objects which had sig nificance in the older popular beliefs. 