THE SUNKEN TREASURE, 'Poor benigted creature!' said Leppard, with a sanctimonious whine. 'Pray woman,' he:.reisumed in sterner tones, 'Is there not a ydrhgjperson in your house so ill as to be in negd .0f my services ?-I have come to prepare her for her passage,understanding she is'inia dying state.' 'You're a parson, are you, sir ?' said Mrs. Sellshore. 'I am desirous to see her, and to render any assistance in my power.' 'It's entirely useless,, sir i ' She won't be rational to speak to these five or six days. 'Hark ye, woman, I must, and I will, see. her.' 'She's not of your persuasion, sir,' returned the Jewess, doggedly. 'Then I will be of her's, for the occasion ! I will see your patient, Mrs. Sellshore, or call in the assistance of the police i' ' Oh, goodness me ! You shall see her, sir, if you think proper, of course 1--Dear me ! I've let my girl go out a-visiting, and I've no one on earth to leave to mind the shop.' 'I'll mind it-no one shall steal anything -while you go up and announce my visit,' replied the pseudo- clergyman. This was very agreeable to the matron. She ascended to Mary's apartment, leaving Leppard in possession of the lower premises. But what was the discomfiture of the vile old woman herself, when she found the bed empty, and the victim vanished. She uttered a shrill cry, and was turning to search the room, when she perceived Leppard, who had followed up. 'She's escaped out of the house while I was asleep, in her deliriation I' 'Let us make certain,' said Leppard, who perceived the beldame's consternation was genuine, an;d snatching the old woman's candle frofiher, he commenced a most diligent search over all the chamber. Whilst thus engaged, a recollection of the figure that had passed himself in the neigh bouring alley occurred to him. Leppard left the house, with all the speed he could 'put on,' to the court where the apparition of a young woman, trailing her disordered drapery, passed him. But the apparition had left no traces. But under the lamp at the end of the alley, Leppard perceived an orange-stall; and no one one appeared to be in attendance upon 'it. There was a doctor's shop opposite. Could - the shadow that had passed have been taken by the orangewoman for succour there ? Leppard, determined to leave no stone unturned, crossed to the place. There was no one in it but the apothecary. 'Do you know where the woman: who keeps that stall opposite, lives, ifj'ou please ?' was the civil question. 'I know where she starvesl I' was the rejoinder ! Green Arbour Court, four houses up, on the right hand. There are no numbers, but it's a chandler's shop. CHAPTER LVII. Leppard hastened to Green Arbour Court; found out the chandler's, and commenced groping his way up a flight of dark, narrow stairs. He had hardly commenced the ascent before he received some guidance in the tones of a number of temale voices, all speaking together mn shrill and contending utterances. Leppard paused on the first landing place. It was evident all the clatter proceeded from an apartment, the door of which was partially ajar before him there. 'D'ye think she's after slaping, Misthress Macdougal, or is it dead she is, itself en tirely ?' 'She's as white as a ghost ! How did you get her in, Bridget Maloney ?' 'I carried her as aisy as a feather bed of no weight at all, at all ! 'Hadn't our Jim better go for a doctor ?' 'He won't come unless he gets the money first, you know, Mrs. Macdougal I 'Did she not say what made her go skirling about in her night clothes, when she came up to you, Bridget ? 'She said she was running away from a female giant that had eaten up her child 1 I don't know quite what she said in her hurry. Leppard now thought it was time for his interference. He tapped loudly at the door, and without waiting for permission, entered, with an air of authority. On a poor but scrupulously clean bed be fore him lay the powerless form of Mary Rourke. A number of women, probably poor lodgers in the house, were gathered round the couch. 'Devil take 'all, you clattering witches, you ! What are ye doing with my wife here ?' was Leppard's rude salute. 'You wife! Is she your wife, sir?' in general chorus.' ' If she isn't my wife, she's as good, or as bad, which you like !' returned the Yankee. 'What do you mean by taking in a mad woman run away from her comfortable, lawful home ? What have you done with the clothes she brought away with her I' ' No one's touched her clothes, sir !' 'Go, to thunder! Where's her pocket, then ?' returned Leppard. 'She had no pocket, sir, that I saw I But she keeps something very tightly clasped in htr hand t' faltered Mrs. Macdougal. 'Let me see !P And with great eagerness Leppard pushed some of the women aside, and stood by the couch of the exhausted girl. Trhe inhuman 'Statesman took notice that she held something clasped rigidly in her hand, to her bosom, which he thought might very possibly be the object of his search. 'So you've got my golden sov. there, have you, Miss Fly-by night? You won't, won't you? Then I'll show you a trick that would open an oyster without a knife !' said he. And, clutching the poor girl's wrist, he gave it a sudden twist and jerk, which com pelleo the sinews of the hand to relax. 'It's only a camphor bag I-Don't ill-freat your wife, sir !' suggested Mrs. Macdougal, timidly. ' Right, old gal I It's ohly a camphor bag -against the fever I But it's of no use to her now she's got it, and it may be of some to me that ain't and must attend .uponp her l' said Leppard. 'ro the general surprise and alarm, how ever, at the moment he was going to pocket the prize, Mary started from her pillow with a look of frenzied revivification. ' Give me my note I My note I -You have got my note I' 'My dear, be quiet! You are among my friends I-What made her so naughty as to run away from her kind lodgings?' said Leppard, coolly securing the prize in his waistcoat pocket. 'Take it from him, take it from him, Mrs. Maloney I .It's my father's life-it is ven geance.l-it is ALCL to ine' ' shrieked Mary. 