SPORTING NOTES. Residents scarcely need to be reminded of the Hunt Club meeting, which takes place to-day. The first r^ce is set to commence at half-past one, which will give business people ample time to get out to see the prin cipal events run off. The fields promise to be goojl, anfl as the amateur element pre dominates w.e piay pspept tp spe t|je com petitors ridden out to the bitter end, which may ensure good sport. Most owners I have spoken to seem to faucy they have a " show," and this being so it is unnecessary that I should vaticinate their prospects fur ther than 1 have already done. May the best horses win. Mr, Shepherd, Secretary to the Hunt Club, has thoughtfully engaged a bapd to discourse music on the lawn this afternoon. The booths in connection with' the Hunt Club meeting to be held to-day were sub mitted to auutiop on Saturday last by Mr. Ehret. .The' grand stapd bar went to Mr. p. Gaden at"£0 10s!, and'the outside booth to Mrs. Hawk'es at £3- The refreshment stall was knocked down to Mr. Stuckey at £110s. Mr, W, Pnnnell has disposed of his road ster Quicksilver to j^r. <j. phambers, of Robe, where he will act as a companion to Colewort. The figure given for him is said to haye been' £120.1 . 'i'he sixth paiil field pup ^vas run off on Saturday upder most; favorable afispijjes, the weather being fine and bright and'the attend ance larger by some thousands than on'any previous occasion." Racing began'with the Selling Race, for which Honora was first backed, but Toronta, a son of Maribyrnong, supplanted hefi apd'on the strength of being backed by his' owner went but a flrm favo rite. Toronto won'easily, ponora and Tich borne filing the places. !Nexfc came the Caulfield Stakes, wejght-for-age, distance one mile and a furlong,' valpo 2(JQ sovs. with a sweep of 5 added. There were nine con testants, and Malua became a strong favorite at even money. Unfortunately for his backers Mr. Inglis elected to ride'Malua, to do which he had to carry 41bs. extra. Malua was in front at the fiigtanpe, b^it Jsonopiy here head.eji him, and Mr. Inglis being unable to bring the favorite up with that rush'for which he iB famous enabled the Adelaide horBB to win rather easily. The Nun was a fair third, with Sheet Anchor, Qrace Par ling, and JfjgJjland C)iief ne^t in order. Little Jo|m aud Ifaroney having In en with drawn, left eighteen in for the Clip. Silver, mine remained a firm favorite up to the fall of the flag, and Britisber quickly adyanped frojn lfl to 1 to h§lf that price, -fhe book makers early conceivedaprejudiceagainstBen Bult, the ultimate winner, and their dislike to the horse must, have coat them a atifBsh Bum. The Btake was \vcrth 1,000 sovs. to the winnpr, with 3Q0 for sepond and 20Q fqr thiifl. and tjie digtauop jjne jpi}o apd a half. The He'd faced together in close prder to the dist$npe, where Britisher was in front, but Silvermine hero caught and passed hiffl, looking all over a winner. Ben Bolt had meanwhile Lien thieadiug his way through, and coming on the outside at a great pace overhaultdSilvermine a few strides from the post, and won all out by a head. Britisher was half a length behind Silvermine, with Recall close up fourth, Lesbia fifth, St. tfohn sixth, Jlemus seventh. Then came Boolka, Levite, and Mentmore. Tarpeia was last. The Nursery Hand'cap was looked upon as a certainty for Hortente^ but Lndy Lovell, a daughter of the Drummpr, in receipt of 121bs., beat ber by a head. Bedouin was third, two lengths away. Twelve was the main in the Steeplechase, Havelock being installed favorite. He, however, failed to get nearer than thi:d. Con ingent proved the winner, with The Irishman second. William Tell started a strong favorite for the Windsor Handicap, a six-furlong flutter, but he had to play second fiddle to Bon Giovau, who beat hiin by half a length, Toronto was third, aud then came The Ghost, CestUB, and Mustang. Een Bolt, although bred in Queensland, is a BOU of the Victorian horse Ne^vbold, an animal once raced and owned by the late Mr, W. Winch. He is owned by a laboring man in Queensland, who gave £70 for him aud recently leased him to some Melbourne racing men. The victory of Ben Bolt in the Cup gives " The Ring" the hardest knock they have had since Chester won the Derby and Cup nine years ago ^ From the time the ^eights came out the horse has been consistently backed, and1 tho'ie Connected with him have wotl' neatly £25,0 0, wh-lst thousands of pounds go to Queensland though his victory. The time, 2miu. 42s., was 2sec. slower than last year, when Qrace Parting ^yo£, In answer to an enquiry from an American breeder as to the price of Navigator the owners replied that they would take 3,500gs. for him. They gave 400gs. for him. Trident's fame has evidently reached the land of stars and Btripes. The mile race between George and Cum mings for the championship of the world is thus described :-" George got if anything the best of the start, and bent on forcing the pace, at once rushed to the front. Cummings was, of course, forced to respond, and fol lowed close at the heels of the leader, and at the end of the quarter-mile, done by George in 5S$s,, the Scotchman was about two feet only to the bad. Still they went on at a terrible pace, the relative positions being un changed until nearly the half mile, when Cummings drew nearly level, the time so far being 2m. lj|8., Cummings being a foot and a half, perhaps, behind. From this to the three-quarter post a desperate straggle en sued. Both men were doing all that nature would allow them-George to hold his advantage, and CummingB to wrest it from him. It Boon became evident that, inoh by inch, Cummings was closing up, and loud shouts of " The Sootchman wins" were heard on all sides ; indeed, when they reached the three- quarter mile, dead level, it seemed as though George had lost the power to hold the lead. Immediately after a tre mendous shout went up, as Cummings went by him, and for the first time took the lead. Barely had he got there, however, when George once more closed, and a truly killing Btruggle commenced for the final mastery. A hundred or so yards from home George, by an almost superhuman effort, drew level, and then at once forged away, and poor Cummings, completely done for 69 yards from home, fell over on the grass. George still rushed on at a tremendous pace, and breasted the tape in the marvellous time of 4m. 12Js., the fastest on record by 3iiec." Last week I ("Augur") mentioned that the American turfmen, Messrs. Dwyer Brothers, had given 29,500 dollars for a filly named Dewdrop, believing her to bo the best animal in the United States. I notice that on the last days of the Monmouth-park meeting she suffered a double defeat from another three year old, Mr. A J. Cassatt'a colt the Bard, by Longfellow from Brada* mante. The first occasion was iu the Omnibus Stakes of 10,000 dollars, which The Bard, who received 21b. from the mare, won by six lengths, the mile and a half being compased in 2m. 80s. Iu the Choice Stakes, the filly received her allowance for seic, 61b,, and ran the colt to a neck, by which he beat her, the mile and a half occupying 2m. 39£s. Mr. J. B. Haggin, the Califorman sports man, was successful in two or three races, but he couldn't get nearer than third in the two great events mentioned. To be a judge of pace ia proverbially diffi cult, and beyond the circle of those who interest themselves in athletic matters, performances like those of George and others are hardly estimated at their true worth ; outsiders do not realise what has been accomplished. To run a mile in 4min. 12|sec. is to run at the rate of nearly fifteen miles an hour, or nearly five miles an hour quicker than the fastest coacheB ever rated. Then to take 100 yards pace. "The hundred" has recently been done in lOseo., and this means about twenty and a half miles per hour -faBter than many suburban trains travel -or at the rate of a mile in 2min. 56seo. As the distance increases the pace of course, getB slower j but the records from ten miles up are wonderfully fast, being as fast as the average horse could be made trot. To George'B credit be it said that up to the time he joined the professional ranks, he held all the amateur records from three quarters of a mile to eleven miles, and some of them tread cloBely on the best professional performances. At three-quarters of a mile for instance. George's 3min. Sjfsec. (1882) ia only l^sec. longer than the 1866 record of W. Richards, who in the " Deeifoot" era was known as " the Welshman." At ten miles the professional has the beBt of it, for while CummingB ran ten mileB in 5lmin. 6seo. 3-5ths at Lillie Bridge in 1885, George has covered the distance in 51min. 2<>sec. The eleven miles record is still in the hands of " Deerfoot" with SGmin. 52sec., George's time being 57min. 9aec. 3-5ths. There is one curious circumstance to be noticed in connection with a study of record tables. Nearly all amateur best times are of recent achievement, say, within the last six years ; whereas in the case of pro fessional record many of the dates are far back. The best 800 yards was done so long ago as 1826, when at Epsom W. Jackson ran it in lmin. 20sec. ; slower than Myers' 18S5 record by 5aec. 1 5 h. The 120 yardB and 200 yards professional records date from the year 184f, bjit that for 2QQ yards only from last year. The " sixties " are lich iu professional records, those for 130 yards, 600 yards, three-quarters of a mile, two miles, and three miles, holding good torday. Any thing now accomplished by George must be credited to the professionals; hence the mile record, established by him last Monday, when he beat the 4min. 16sec. l-5th of Cummings, cannot now count for the amateurs. For the failure of modern professionals to beat all the times of their predecessors, an explanation may be found in the fact that professional long distance racing lias fallen from it's once fiigh position, a'ud that there is far less encouragement now'than formerly for professionals to devote assiduous practice to long races, when more money cqn be made, ^yith less jiroubje, out of short distances.1 The author of " Sportascrapiann" relates how, to avoid a stoim, Mr. E. H. Budd took refuge iu the Salopian Coffee-house, where three gentlemen were warmly discussing t^a question oj running. One of ^liem' Q^Reilly, whose nationality it is nce^ress to1 'specify, thought nothing of 10(5 yaid's in ten seboricjs, as lie had fiimself done jt under fbe immense djsadyantuge of parking & greaj pqat on bU arm. He agreed to run Mr'. Budd for £20 there were no A. A. C. rules then. When the match came to be decided, O'Reilly pro posed that his friend should hold the stakes ; but to obviate the necessity for anyone tp hold jii? friend,'{ 6aid, {'Let us ppt'tlie money on the jieiich ai'tlie e'nd of ttie run, and be that' get's there first will pick jt up" a task that devolved on me. ' * If the tjmes pojjjd pnly jj'e predited, some very good records' were made in the pre athletic days. In the reign of George II., an Italian Jew and an Englishman ran 100 yards, and the latter is said to have won in lOsec., which in 1805 was reported to be the fastest titpe on yepo^d. A few years later !' jibe Brighton Shepherd" (once beaten' by Mr. Budd) and Grindley, the boot closer, did 120 yards in 12jsec., or lsec. slower than the test professional time. Thpn (h^e is only the 'same flisp^rity, a second, between anpienf and modern records for 150 yards, a distance thap Leach and Shaw, two noted pedestrians in their day, are said, in 1816,, to have covered in 16sec. About ^0, Warn ing and B,eddoe arp reputed to have run 200 yards (. \inder 2lsec., by no means a bad performance, seeing that ZOJaec. and 19£Bec. are respectively the amateur and profes sional records. The newspapers of the day stated that 400 yards bad been done in 47blc. ; but ag .A brataam Wood, ^ famous short-distance ^un^ier l'n 'Hie early part of {jje Resent peftt'ury, o.nly just managed to flo the quarter in Sfcec., it is p-. ssible that the 400 yards {eu$ did not take place; though we may at the same time remember that the modern amateur lecord is only 43|aec. According to repoit, Lord Harris holds that crlcktt is doing moie to consolidate the empire than any other influence. It is a practical force, at all events, aud doeB the work while iheoiists do the talk. The claimB of the colonial to respect are tested in different circlts. In some Yorkshire com pany the crucial question would be, " Can he fright V' But there is a very large class whose ruling consideration would be r< fleeted in the inquiry, " Can he play cricket ?" The Australian has been demonstrating for some years that he can play cricket, and it is palpable enough that tens of thousands of .English woiking men are now full of pride of empire and enthusiasm for federation because Murdoch can bat, and Spofforth can bowl, Blackham can " stump." RUSTICUS. THE ECCENTRICITIES or T^E L.V?S KINQ O? BAyA^ijA.-Those whose duty it is to over, ban] toe effects of the late Ring of Bavaria are finding many Btrange things. Precious stones, cut and uncut, have been discovered to the extent of a small fortune Btowed away in old stockiugB and Bewn up in sofa cash ions. Love letters to nearly all tbe Royal ladles in Europe, married and eiogle, have come to light. But perhaps ibe most curioiis memento 13 a bos of woudeh toy soldierB, each 'piece "bSing'labelled with the name of fcoirie prominent officer in the army. What Ludwig used them for no one will eveij know now ; but it is supposed that he waq in the babty of holding private 90ui^-martia\ upon ihem atyer his attendants had retire^ for the P'gtt; 