JOSEPH COOKS MONDAY LECTURES. NEW SEKIES. No. 6.—METHODS OF MOST PREACHERS. SUCCESSFUL Every sermon should be a chain, but chainlightning. (Applause.) Man may make the chain. Only God can transmute it into a thunder-bolt. The best preacher does not speak, but is spoken through. The most effective preaching consists not only of words about the Lord, but in a sense of words from the Lord. The most difficult and important duty of the preacher's self-discipline is selfeffacement. It is a fact of secular experience, as well as of the highest religious life, that the soul often feels itself, when most empty of self, to be a channel for some influence that is hi it but not of it. Nor am I willing to admit that to believe this is mysticism, or less than a thorough searching study of conscience as known to ethical science, to history, and to literature, requires us to affirm. Even Cicero says that in the most powerful orator there is at times something superhuman which speaks through him—aliquid immensum, infinitum que— something immense and infinite. The Soman orator teaches that the superhuman is the chief element in the force of eloquence, for it causes the hearer to forget the human element and stand in awe of the Divine. CO-OPERATION WITH GOD is the chief method of the most successful preachers. My topic is Co-operation with God, the chief centre of intellectual and spiritual, as truly as of every other kind of power—co-operation with God the chief secret of persuasive force in speech. Socrates had his demon. Kmc-rson has one supreme rule for success: attach your waggon to a star. All the inventions obtain their power from CO- OPERATION WITH GOD. Six times an hour news can, or soon will be, sent around the whole world, through what ? Co- operation with God. A natural force, taken advantage of by the feeblest human finger that can press a button, may carry intelligence around the planet with a swiftness like that of light. Co operation with God is the source of all reinforcements of finite powers by infinite power. This thought unifies all inventions, all reforms, and all the relations of man to the laws of both the physical and the spiritual world. It is a Biblical truth that something acts through us which is not of us. And if you state the Biblical truth in these very moderate and incomplete terms, it is also a scientific truth. The Biblical truth is far wider than these terms. For when our Lord ascended, He gave gifts unto men. To some He gave to be apoaties, some prophets, some evangelists, some preachers and teachers ; but to all He assigned one message : Preach the Gospel, baptise, administer the Lord's Supper. To these five classes of agents there wis assigned a single message, a single voice. Tho message, as indicated by the Sacrament of Baptism, as we have seen here in previous discussions, contains the doctrine of the Trinity; for Baptism is in the triune name Behind Baptism as a sacrament lies the doctrine of the soul's consecration to the Father as Ruler, to the Son as Redeemer, to the Holy Ghost as Sanctifier. There lies behind the doctrine of baptism the whole philosophy of the New Birth, the whole philosophy of the theocracy, the whole philosophy of the Trinity. Just so behind the doctrine that the Eucharist symbolises lies the truth that we must be delivered from the guilt of sin as well as from the love of it. Now, in administering these sacraments, preaching the message which they symbolise, Christ was to be always with the disciples to the end of the world. His very name is Emanuel, God with us. And so from the heights of historic theology we can pluck this truth, that a preacher is a channel, a messenger, a chain through which lightning flashes and not the source of the lightning. A sound doctrine of conscience and a profound analysis of the moral sense, indicate, what even Matthew Arnold teaches, that something presses upon us that is not of us ; something eternal, outside of ourselves, that makes for righteousness. Conjoining all that might be said here as to the scientific truth of the divine immanence in conscience, with all that might be said of the Biblical truth that Christ's name is Emanuel, why have I not a right to say that a speaker is spoken through when he speaks from contact with reality, or from attention to truth and self-surrender to it ? Reality is not of man, but of God, The law of our soul's action, faculty upon faculty, did not originate with ourselves. Events are certainly outside of us ; only a minute fraction of them do we originate. Natural objects influence us, and our contact with them depends for the most part on other power than our own. As one human BOUI may induce thoughts in another soul, through subtle laws, which we do not understand as yet, finite mind mingling with finite mind, so the infinite soul may induce thoughts in finite BOUIB in the universe, soul mingling with soul according to laws feebly illustrated by our own experienee. Opening here one of the most recent of spiritual biographies, I read in President Finney's careful account of his personal experience in his conversion, these marvellous words: " Without any expectation of it, without ever having the thought in my mind that there was any such thing for me, without any recollection that 1 had ever heard the thing mentioned by any person in the world, the Holy Spirit (after my total self-surrender to God in prayer) descended upon me in a manner that seemed to go through me, body and soul. 1 could feel the impression like a wave of electricity going through and through me. Indeed, it seemed to come in waves and waves, and it seemed like the very breath of God. I can recollect distinctly that it seemed to fan me, like immense wings. No words can express the wonderful love that was shed abroad in my heart. I wept aloud with joy and love. These waves came over me and over me and over me, one after the other, until, I recollect, I cried out: 'I shall die if these waves continue to pass over me.' I said : ' Lord, I cannot bear any moreyet I had no fear of death.' (President Finney's " Memoirs," p. 20.) Such is a late record. But in an early record I read : " I knew a man in Christ above fourteen years ago (whether in the body, I cannot tell ; or whether out of the body, I cannot tell: God knowe'.h;) such an one caught up to the third heaven. " And I knew such a man, (whether in the body, or out of the body, 1 cannot tell: God knoweth ;) " How that he was caught up into Paradise, and heard unspeakable words, which it is not lawful for a man to utter." (II. Cor. xii. 2, 3, 4 ; These experiences are exceptional in degree, but not in kind. In the whole course of the ages there is abundant proof that God flashes through men who surrender to Him. And I would take advan- ' tage to-day, in discussing the preacher, of all I have safd of the action of tho faculties after such surrender. For a preacher, first, midst, last, must be a surrendered soul, in order that he may be a wholly crystalline burning glass, through which God kindles new fire, in communities, nations and . To touch only in outline upon many topics of highest interest in this matter, let us remember n. i _ i * P « J K<.<. 4-nrn rtwonl fnrmo • that co- operation with God has two great forms : 1\. Attention to truth. 2\. Self- surrender to it. All the methods of effective self-discipline or of persuasion may be arranged under the one or the other of these heads. The methods of the most successful preachers begin with their self-discipline. This is twofold : Attention to all religious truth. Self-surrender to all of it. The former gives breadth, timeliness, solidity, in the intellectual preparation. The latter , and it only changes a chain to chain-lightning. A community is made up of individuals, and is to be brought into a regenerate life by attention to religious truth and self-surrender to it. Contact with reality, harmony with ethical verity, whether in the work of self-discipline, or in that of persuading others, are the other names for co-operation with God. Antaeus, in his struggles with his enemies, regained his strength every time he touched the ground. The preacher obtains his strength from contact with reality, from harmony with ethical verity, that is, from co-operation with God. It is along this line of thought that we are to find the answers to the puzzling questions concerning the duties of preachers in our vexed age. (To be Continued.) 