SP#&TEB;€. Lawn Tennis L j AD games played with a ball appear to have a great fascination for the Anglo- Saxon racc. Wherever you meet with members of the Anglo-Saxon family, there most assuredly you will find ball games in vogue. It is doubt less one of the characteristics of the race, and one which j t»«m tended in no slight degree to the succcss which has always crowned whatever they have taken in hand. The last ball game introduced is lawn tennis, which, although St has only been plaved for about 15 years, numbers thou sands of ardent supporters. Major Wingfield, when he roughly laid down the lines on which the present game is based, could never have imagined what a great success it would be. Many thousands play it in the old country, America, Canada, and in the Australian colonies, and the lawn tennis players now far outnumber the cricketers. The cause of the game being such a success, no doubt, lies in the fact that all can play the game. No manjnecd say he is too old to play, as he only {has to look around him, and see men of 50 and GO years of age playing, and, what is more, play ing well. Then, again, it is a game which ladies can play, and arc very fond of playing. Doctors can testify to the good effect of a game of tennis once or twice a week on frames which from want of physical exercise were stiffening Into premature old age. Before the advent of tennis, as few business men can find time to play crickct, and very few care to go in for rowing after they have passed fiveand twenty summers, there was really no game which they could play, exercise their muscles, and keep their bodies supple. Then another charm about tennis is that both eexes can indulge in it together ; and although lady-players can never expect to compete with the opposite sex, yet they take as strong an interest in it as the men-players do. The dimensions of the court in the first few years of lawn tennis were 100 feet in length by 50 feet in width, and the net was generally about 5 feet high ; the balls used were un covered, and the service line was about 30 feet from the net. This state of things continued until about 1874, when the dimensions of the court were reduced to 78 feet in length and 36 feet in width, and the service line was brought in to 24 feet from the net, the height of which was five feet or so at the sides and four feet in the centre. The scoring was the same as at racquets; who ever scored 15 points first winning the game. Between 1874 and 1876 the uncovered bail was discarded as in every way inferior to the covered ball. The play np to the be ginning of '79 was always from the back of the court; in that year, however, volleying from the service line was in troduced. Hie first volleyers, however, did not volley from the service line, but ran np close to the net and patted the ball down. No one ever indulged in 'smashing,' and all the volleying was done veiy softly, and can be better described as ' patting.' In 1879 the Brothers Benshaw inaugurated quite a new style of play, serving hard over hand, and volleying from the service line, and introduced the ' Rcnshaw smash' to the public, and as cvciy match -player has adopted their style of play they may be said to have quite revolutionised the game. ? Prior to 1879 everyone played from the back of the court, and to volley a ball was looked upon as extreme rashness, as you would be so much more sure of the stroke if you took jit first bound.' This is not now the prevalent opinion. All the good players prior to 1879 were great at {rotting 'cut' on all their strokes. Colonel Osbom, in his article on Lawn Tennis in Hie Nineteenth Century, thus iescribes tho old style of player, and how lie fell behind the times Originally, then, Che chief object of the lawn tennis player was to acquire tlie art of .striking the l-aU as it is struck at real tennis. 'Putting cut on the ball' this stroke was commonly called ; and, beyond question, in the early and innocent days of lawn tennis thi6 'putting of cut on the ball ' was a highly effective device. It caused the ball, upon touching the ground, to rise at an unexpected angle, which to the lawn tennis ' duffer ' is ah occurrence fraught with the utmost disconcertment. In attempting to return such a stroke, he either misses the ball altogether, or strikes it as if he desired vengeance, and Willi a violence which causes spectators to suppose that he imagines the court to be about a quarter of a mile long. In the early days of 'cut' the majority of lawn tennis players were 'duffers' with out being aware of it, and the subtleties of ' cut' for a while completely overcame them. But gradually it became apparent that the men who 'put cut? on a ball were able to do m- only in one particular way. Their re turns bounded off at an angle, it was true, but always at the same angle ; and when the angle had once been ascer tained a ' cut ball' became as easy to return as one that was not * cut.' Nay, in most cases it was easier ; for in those early days the pace at which a ball was returned diminished in proportion to the nmn»iT»t of 'cut' there was on it. And it i& the swift ball which the inexperienced lawn tennis player finds most difficult to keep within court. The consequence was that the accomplished * cutter* of balls was not infrequently hoist with his own petard. His antagonist, calculating beforehand the angle at which his ball would rise, took his stand there, and sent the ball back ffrwifl and straight into the ' cutter's' court. A swift ball Ean rarely be 'cut' back. There is not time to get into the attitude proper for 'cutting,' and so as players learned to send in swift returns 'cutting' was deposed from ts place of pre-eminence and regarded as of little value. The 'cut' is still extensively patro nised by the lawn tennis neophyte. His bosom swells with pride when he succeeds by means of the pure * cut ' in actually inducing a ball to fall into his adver sary's court. He mistakenly supposes that this is the highest achievement open to the player at lawn tennis. Other players there are, once formidable, who still cling to the ' cutting ' stroke ; like ghosts, they 'haunt the places where their power has died;' but they are as men fighting with bows and arrows against modem arms of precision. The 'cut' has lost all tbe awe-inspiring quali ties which originally invested it, It has been found out; and although there arc moments in a rally when the cut tan be employed with great effect, it no longer forms a prominent element in the style of tlie best players. Those that cling to 'cut 'have to content themselves with their \- eminence therein. . They are not 'in' the game as it is played at present.' Colonel Osborn wrote this about three years ago, and what he said then is even more true now. as a player who plays with 'cut' will never win in good . company. He may amuse himself and astonish a lot of 'duffers,' but when he competes with good players he will find ' cut ' » indeed a broken teed to rely upon. Another innovation introduced about the year 1879, whether by the Renshaws or some other players at Cheltenham is not quite clear, srasthe hard ova-hand service, which has now quite taken jheploce of the old underhand service with ' cut ' in it. Volleying and hard overhand service winch came in about the same time, were, no doubt, the cause of tbe great change which came over the game about the year 1879. Since then, unless a player has a good hard service and is a Mr volleyer, good-bye to all his chances of success in tournaments. Another filing which has conduced greatly to the improved style of play is that players have discarded the old twisted shaped racquets of from 16oz. to 18oz. with which they used to play, and now use strong, lightly strung racquets weighing from 14oz. to 15oz. Then, again, the balls used up to 1876 were mostly uncovered ; since that date the un covered ball has bam discarded as in every way inferior to the covered balL Prior to 1876 the state of the game may be described as chaotic ; from 1876 to 1879 a great im provement was made ; and since 1879 the game may be said fo have been revolutionised, end has been brought to a wonderful pitch of perfection, demanding even to become an average player a good eye, a subtle wrist, coolness, stamina, determination, and self-control. On Saturday afternoon the handicap single for the P resident' spriKe was brought to a close at the Association Ground. H. Fox, giving half fifteen and two bisques, beat L. H. Lindon. 1-6, 6-2, 6-1. The first set was won easily by Lindon, who was playing in fine form; in the second and third sets, though Lindon played well, Fox played with great certainty, and easily beat him. Fox's play all through the handicap has been very consistent, and he only requires to get rid of a little nervousness and return harder to be in the first flight -of lawn tennis players. Lindon plays hard, but lacks the certainty which is most essential in handicaps. On the 9th January the matches for the Club Championship commence. The winner is called on to play Mr. W. J. B. Salmon (the holder) for the silver racket, and as there are at least half- a-dozen players who are nearly equal, some hard matches are anticipated ; the matches are to be the best of five sets, so competitors will have to train to a certain extent to last out. Play will only take place on Saturday afternoons. On conclusion of the singles the club doubles will commence. 