ATHLETICS » AHu Charley. HitcheU Defeat, Burke. Mitchell to Fight Snllieaj, «, «, 14th, Meyer. Defeats George [?] (Fran our own Corrtmmicnt I cbiulist mjtohbu. met to deoide tbe question which hull" been n oon.tut eon roe of anrumJ.. iSJi break- down of Giowr end negotiations between Burke, Ifitobell nil utnud to aruuw p.hlfo ; J to . high pitoh, and it ia therefore m wonder that B.ttery D wu paoked hf1 outer throng. Erery .est WM fijud kf." 7.30, and when th. fun oommenoed »t B i? tb.re were 6300 people in the buildii. ' Botne nninterceting ep«rrino enioS -,u, 10.16, n shout from the orowd «nnoMMS amtr&l; of one of the prinoip.1, I. i Hitohell, wbo elimbe otw the rope. i„ii ' , by Tommy Wurren aul Tom Cluil. S U greeted with n cheer, which i. with greoter vim . few minutes later wW Burbe erriTee, attended by Denov end Frank Ware. Billyh Lakemn T dnoea Bill Bradbnrn, the referee, then Sa prinoipala end enonda, after whioh heretirai leaving the interested partiea is pone«iw' Bat n few momenta intervene when tti time-keepem, Tom Curley and Tom K-Ur give the word, end ' ' The Match Commences No sooner were the men in position this it beoame evident that all the reports ooo neroiog Hitohell's look of condition «#» onrrue. His evary action showed him to be I a# fit aa a fiddle, and we donbt very I whether he hu ever before appenrnd b I Amerioa to better advantage. Bsrie, I while in exaelient form, might bars bm I improved a little, his anxiety oyer hii wife'i I riokneas baviog interfered some <rha! with hi I work. He appeared confident, hoverer, a&i; I smiled as he oame to the eoratsb. A fit I aeoondi are passed in sparring, whse lfo. I cbtit's left shoots ont and lands on Burlu'i I atomaoh. There is n» return, and C I enoonragea Mitchell to try again, which he I doe#, oatohlng in return, however, a light I blow on the left cheek. Mitchell's nextefiart I woe direetod to tbe Irish lad's nose,onwhld I the left hand landed, bringing blood ioriantl;. I Barke landed his right lightly on his nu'i I neok, but Mitchell was tbe busier of the two, I tbe round ending in hie favour. I In the second round it waa Barke's too to I do a tittle of tbe thumping. MitobUMd I as before, bat was the recipient of three I smashes in retarn, one on the neok with the I riirbt end two on the eide on the heid rilh I lh« left. Wild cheering for Barirs Mated 1 bitn to ssti io gallantly, a rapid eiohtngs of I blows ending tbe round, with Barke stock on I tbe rise. I Hi friends, who had built their hopes oa I this round, wore doomed to disippoiotmeat I In the third round Mitchell mde play I : I the body again, and ties blow Barke I seemed utterly unable to tiop. H-+, ho <r ever, j countered freely, Mitohtil oleverly oatokiig I all the blows on tho tide of the head. Tfae I Utter was now slowly but surely gsioiog i I lead. I The Time- keepers seeded Watch I iug I badly. The zoned up to this time had bsca I from 5 to 15 second# abort, and he rutosw I rsspoodingly long. Tl-s fourti uod lasted I two minutes and fifty second, and ih red I following one minute a&J; fifteen -oak I The fifth, eix-b, and seventh rouud wrf I muoh >be seme as be third, slightly ia Hit I obeli's favour. H-re the tim# -keeping art 1 oatrageous, the Heventh rouod lasdog I'" I minutes, the following rest one uriuuie I twenty eseond#, and the eighth roasd tol I two minute. Tba eighth rouod sbouli I have setllsd lbe-rolt bryond ell donL I Mitchell drovs Burke all over tbs titgt, I forced him Hgaiust the rope, aud tbamped I him unmercifully, tbe eborc ruaad being sU, I that saved Burke from overwhelming defalk 1 The referee, however, called for sooth I round, and Burke oame up apparsotly u j willingly as bid opponent. H'« b?U frw', I however, did not las', for to avoid ttitehel)' I blows he otiuehed continually. Tbe match I was now too one-sided to admit of a mornm- I tery doubt, yet another rouod w« wi#d 1 This time Burke oame np looking very mask 1 the worse for wear, only to b thumped ot I every eide, and finally sent to bi corner with 1 e blaokeoed eye end a terribly a«'olleo son, I the result of a final shot fr<-io MitobaU'fl lsft 1 hand. Tbe epeetatori, wbo at tfae atui I showed a decided disporition to nhr Barke, I bed gradoatiy awakened to tbe ftos that ths j Irish lad bftd been liokod for the first time in j Battery D Armory, axd wire cheering tti I winner to the foil oepaoity of tbeir Iqajl I While Barke est In biv corner tryingtO I regain hi strength, Mitohell walked hlM I ropes and bowed hi# acknowledgment of I the oration tendered him. It j minute# bofore the refers oiuli b hssrii 1 and, a# a matter of faek, tittle interest Wll I taken in what ha mighi have to eay, 2 I man iu the home eupposiug there ootid ti I but one deoision. To tbe iutense arprw I and disgait of all, however, Bradbarn tunwd I toward the Press stand and said, " Hov 1 there b# bn» one decision on aucb a flgbt J1 I tbatf" Why," shouted some one, "hojw I yoa decide f ' " A draw," was the verdjA I whioh caused all band to wonder wbs»H I Burke oan be licked in Chicago without ttS I aid of a sledge hammer. I After the Vateh | Both the prinoipala were veea \ dreming roos after tbe fight. showed no rign of puaisbmeut, eat s® j saeerateh mmrkiag his hwdimv fses- J expressed himself as eatiflsd wltit im anving, " What un would it b. to «»» kiflkf Pfopl. would only .MM. uwM W-» . blnokgnnrd! nd uo good would t"— L j AnyBow, the vevdiot d.n'l wnuunt 10—11— i U the pnblio b»ve bwu ..ubt.d t. J»V wMoh i Mi. better inw. I » q«" Bark w not in u .nvUbla Hi. bo. wMbMHy«woU«,»ni b.«MW (Apnol.ted hi eondition k»enly. ev«, mod. no went. b«» UUd that hi. vif.' viehMU tad — J him to sit np aU the ptsviuu mgbt, sds j interfered with his traloiag in other w»P- Wniia'bgiaiMU.- - Vw-.' j ; BurtawM whrn Jim. rrt!! J tb. Mfaf Bntarfi»d»giy m" y, draw. It wonld hurt, !bnt poor gneo hoi tb. :d«puU SuT-rt. tooBof ttat JdltobeU tad m»d» . gr»» Bgbb"" 'tad tbe but of it. — Trihuw. , , . « ,, I Tho faet ttat tb. ref.M ti, | tfllr n draw h» nothiog to oi I quo, uulom it bmjr ivflttsom ' . oi i tta gue rvotipta Miwb-1 Ubd«tato | 111 ooutui hu beginning . ll tbs ninth round eat Bark. t® TjjSi I . . . . EMryo.. «upP'fn,t15E li tad been giroa to Mil tohoU. £ (j otter went np. . Il( thi j otUol the ooatut BiUT®'' froueonwrtoeunnr.. W«U. tat h. undo . .r!5irjlr .vnrdiot van Itat lBtoboll otfJ WMttaeontoU. — brf"- \ Aftutao UonUv-oootuWi ro«d« J«A Borta and Otariqr V,ltoli" D lut niobl. In whb th. otU H Mitotan tho taj" wu dulnrod n dr»w. Four ltauM hluid dio.pprobtflon or 0' ita "obtekou figbu" tut tatwnen Burke and JJitoli Qctttu. t.ABsi1 1 "With tb. aid ol ttavolaeo, j th. ItbhUd, mtntgod totat'P® .o . jgL—UtrtU. (dUuti and XiteMl. Xh, following nttidea duirtain them- u Ohiotgo, 14th Har. 1888. \- ArttolM of agreement eatereJ into at the «_J cm Journal offioe on tho 14th day < I XT 1886, batweato John H. Solllran, ol I jfue., champion of the world, and 5S32 HUchell, of Hnglud, ohampion of I SSBrinh Dm aald John Ii. BnlliTan -Jlhe uid Cbarlea MltoheU hereby agree I faLtwHffht ronnda, aeoording to the zenaed I Qoaenabeny BJaa, bywhloh lha SMiwn and MltoheU mntoaUy agroo to I Eonnd. The aaid contoat to tak» wme at I U. La Grand akating rink on Monday I 14th Jnne, 1 886, th,pugiltot having I SThut of tho oonteat, aooording to the I Iddon <d the referee, to take 75 per oent. I Sfte gate leeeipte, and the loaer 25 per I " jT after erpeneea am ded noted. In oaee I rfanY interferonoe, the pngfliet who haa the I w of It op to that time, in, the judgment I jftbe referee, to bo deolared tho winner. I Si., referee and time-koepera to be chosen on I Snjday, 2Mb May, at the ofBoa of the I iLtiM Journal, in tbia city. In pnrenanoo I 'Aftbie agreement wa hereunto attach our I umM the day and year first above written. I "Jobs In Sulijvib, I " flptHtHf MfiygnfTJ.," | p «h ton Whips Conley. I gike Oonley, of Itbioa, N.I., met Jaek I Aihton iu that eityon the 16th. Oonley to I dw men who has onee or twice made oon- I jAerable fan about hie willingneu to meet I mt of the big fellowa, but the remit of tbia I eosMt baa probably lowered him inhia I uekera', if not hto own eatimanon. Hilly I SjMen aeoonded Aahton, Oonley being well I ir i for by veteran Joe Ooburn. Warren I i/»ia, of New York, officiated aa referee. I Wen tho men entered tho ring, Aahton I ,ntared eomewhat the wonT for wear, I i. having reoovered from hu match I nil Collier, on the 12th, and in addition I k Ma, weighed but 178 ponnda to Oon- I )/< f205. I "nie first round saw gray little pnnubment, I (Vmen clinohiog foar times. Aehfeon, how- I r,:r landed onoe on Oooleye right cheek, I lid took in return one on the nose. In the I ,od round there was hat one man fight- I \C2 Afihton had eeiaed up hie man to a I - criy Md jabbed him on the month and I u n generously. Oonley clinched to avoid I vsriehment, and on time being oalled, went I "fiioorner a beaten man. He came np for I i third round, bnt mode no attempt to hit I opponent, who bit him all to pieou. A I <!iiiw followed, and Oonley attempted to I ilrow Aehton, the oloim of foul, however, I being allowed. Finally Oonley was I te. eked on to the ropes, when the eberiff I n'Jed a halt. The referee Baid that I a.jtyn had the beat of it, and deolared I Uncontest a draw on seoonnt of the inter- I Utmee. I Diok MAthews fonght a draw with £d. .tith at Alameda iMt Saturday. Smith re- I fi'ded to all kinde of trioke to prevent I Vithewe from winniog. The following ap- I p.ired in the Daily Ezamiwr a few days the battle : — There la mnob talk in I ftgitifitie oiroles over the reoent Mathews- h ath battle at Alameda. The affair was -edly a slogging match, ecienoe being H tr.july dieoatded. This being the oaee, it waa H - jply a matter of endnranoe, and in that I respect Mathews had dearly the beat of the Netwith standing this, the ehonts of -vU assemblage were londeat when Smith itaved any good point, hie pushers ontnum- I t-riog his opponenta by ten to one. Farrell, 1 11) referee, waa more inoluied to have the lair go on than to have striot rnies observed. IcjBo&eeqnenoe;, Smith was permitted to fonl rilhgws -repeatedly, and in the most de- 'jeraie mani ri Oh tries Taylor, Mathews y.jo&d;, entered protest after protest at the riuaor in wbioh taffairs were being oon- B i.ed, bat the crowd on the other side than he did, acid his claims of B . oj were ignored. At the opening of the B -g round Smith was entirely weakened, B -j u;abews was not mneh better off. Still B tbk.iattar was folly oapable of fightieg many r oivTzounds, jadginn from the battle hs had u.2# months ago wiUi Brady. B FiiiUy, when, the people broke into the B usg, and a riot was imminent, the referee B iiUrrit the contest a draw, and Mathews B ft the ring. Smith remained there, and He pushers pursued Farrell all about the B kta, Insisting that be change bis derision. B hey finally prevailed upon him to obey to order, and a half hour after bis first btielon he deolared that Smith bad won the iticb. When the time came for the managers leach man to settle np aooonnts, Seymour (aimed the first deeision.of the referee to be ioal, and Halt, for Smith, claimed that nly the second decision oonld be entertained. -in ally the question was left by both men to » decided by the sporting editors of the I T?m.iner> Ihe Chronitk, snd the Alta. Oon- Meriog the matter osrefully it woe seen that hopld a referee be permitted to withdraw a uueien onoe given and give another, it vonld open the door to innumerable frauds, mi would prompt the loeer of a matob, jocording to the referee's deoieion, to bring Jzmaeooe to bear on the referee to ohange ua decision for a more favourable oae. The iportiog editors, to whom the problem was Merred, considered the matter. The Examiner le d/ta representatives agreed that the uel decision of the referee — that the matob ua draw — should stand. The Chronicle Rfsesentative argued that the referee had a BPl to change lus derision, and thought utt8miih should reoeive the gate receipts id the credit of defeating Mathews. Xathews and Chris tol Wrestle Four Honrs. uont 3P "peotfttora assembled in Flatt'a Haul to witness the decisive match of the MvnaUiiig tournament which was began on Wednesday night, 12th May. 5unnel Mathews was pitted against Andre tiriitoL Mathews Weighs about 140 ponnda vdObrtotol about 160, bat the first-named toa the advantage of youth and more con Biw P000' When the men took off tuu eoata the compariaoa which was. Hufv ' lookers-on oonoeded toT- Hu 'i6"et oonditiona bnt to Chris-1 Hdf 1 . r 'ne. Theobald Baner waa in : ®kenohmsn'i interests, and J. H » j oor of those of Mathews. Bauer H hi o ojoetion to Dnnean O. Boss oontin- Ht? to aot aa referee, giving ae a reason that H oJZL? WIIB hiend of Mathews. Base Sf1 great wiliiagneas to retire, H mS?'® ' . 8 been chosen without a die- H 2"! to preside over the entire tonr- BaS i 8 had Perfeet right to do so e. yen gravely disqualified. After H bet»f2av' n 8 few sharp words . 'em hlm and Baner. Ohades Moth, Ilia a, JJJ »tler from Ohioagp, Went upon H hooopted the task of rpferee. tj. hont began in a very lively man- HcUahS!' donang the struggle. He BSSjSl kVj jj®1"® Itvoag haif-body- llv holds, and tried, to throw his man Br»s-battook leverage. Mathews,! himself as wiry and. agile iiim 2 , tended in a way. that enabled Hud "S«tupoa his ieet again in an instant, Alb.421',0' npplanae were given him. g Pnrsning the plan of aggrenlbn' lorl nlrS'ainnhoar, Oitel was put defence by the audden energy Hhttsdi! 8W1 several times the latter down hpoh'dl iohn.'i ii.BMtfa»P0«Jhhi to bridge hh-from l« thea&t0.j;!fot marvelloni head- bcJ»l«ln».«na to faU ao that »Su7!.g!ltpfa?PM»neoka«rhddas a.vTr"'08 «onH not make It hand. Htolwmfh?'8 00 ngn® thrnsd, and K Mathewsforoed V»'s ehSt Sd . tljr «aIni" 4,18 B oneit, and a protest was raised. Boon afterward Ohrbtoi got a half-Beak hold, and swore that he would break Xithewi' nook if ho oonld. It seemed to be made of pretty good staff, however, far it did not amok, although the latter hung ail of trie weight upon it At the end of the first hoar both men were puffing a little, Mathews, perhaps, a trifle the harder. Christol got Mathews anas on all fonra, and made a desperate eCott to sc ours him by a hammerlook, bnt it failed. He flung him so hard towards the footlights that Mathews nearly want over them, and just stopped himself by grasping the sheet iron screen. Mathews subsequently jerked Ohristol against some chain on the stage on which spectators were seated, bat luckily without doing him any damage. Two hours from the time of beginning had elapsed at 11.30 o'olock, and neither wreetler betrayed any more faUgne that the other. Hoetility of feeling wai quite apparent between them, and suddenly .Ohristol received a eonnding alap on the obeek, wbioh he returned with interest, leaving a vivid red mark as the trace of hie himd. At 12.30 o'clock the firet fell was won by Ohristol, after three houra and twenty minutes of tedious wrestling. Both men at tbia time were streaming with perspiration and were visibly weakened by their long effort. Mathews had steadily bored hto head into Ghristol's cheat, and the length of Mathews' back prevented the Frenchman from securing any grip on his antagonist. Finally he managed to eeenra a neck bold and threw Mathews to the carpet. Une> peetedly Mathews rolled over on Ids back, both rhouldeia touching the floor, thna givlng.a fall for Ohristol. After an intermleaioa of twenty mimntes the men resumed work. They continued wrestling for en hour, end then deoided to abandon tbe oonteat. ' Wrestlers. Oharlea Moth wants to draw down the £20 deposited ae a forfeit for a match with Sam Mathews. At the time the money waa pat np Moth told en Alia reporter thet it wee a depoeit oo a bat that he could throw Mathewe five timea in one honr. When the Oaliiornian delegate covered it Moth went bask on this ana wanted another half honr tacked -n to tbe time. He then claimed that the money was merely to bind a match with Mathews, and that no particular term) of handicap were given with the challenge. The following communication on the aubjeat wee received from Mathews yes terday : — " Editor Alia, — Sir, — On the 14th ioat. a noliee appeared in the pnblio press stating that Charles Moth, the heavy-weight wrestler, new in this oity, had placed np £20 aa a for feit on a wager to throw me five times in oae hour. On the same day I covered hto mooey and appointed a time to meet him. At that meeting he deolared that he did not any that he would throw me five times in one hour, and he wants to avoid the matob. I have requested the stake-holder to hold the money until I oan produce evidenoe that sooh wae hie proposition, and I thall produce eeveral well-known gentlemen that will make affidavit to it I do not know ii the law would give me that £20, bnt there is a sporting law whioh holds a man to a wager of that kiod, and if Mr. Moth has made a mistake it should not release him. I snppose ho thought I waa a light-weight, and belonged to San Frsneisoo — that he could throw me about as be liked ; but after seeing the showing I made with Christol, be altered his mind, aad now wanta to baok out. I am ready at one day's notice to meet the Eastern Giant, and be thrown five timea in one honr.— Yours, fco.. "Bail Ksxhews, " Champion Light- weight of the Faoifio " Coast. "San FranoiBoo, 15th May, 1886." Mathews' communication oertainly de serves some attention from the sporting fraternity, who deserve a " play or pay" proteotion from challengers. The California champion also says that be has covered the £20 forfoit of Paulsen, and fa anxious to meet him so that a match may be arranged. Paulsen to notified that hto acceptor son be found at the California Olnb daring the day or evening. Mathewe is flying at high game for a California light-weight, bnt his moaole and money seem to talk, and he ie willing to maet the heavy- weights aa fast aa they oan oome on. Yesterday he inoteased hto bet with Ohristol by £60 a-side, With the stipulation that another referee be obosen. BEathews v. Faulkner. The £10 deposited with the Bxaminar by Sam Mathews to wrestle James Fanlkner, of Oinoinnati, for £50 and the middle-weight championship of the world, has been covered by Fanlkner, end the articles of agreement signed. It will be decided tbia week whether the matoh will take place in this oity or in Oinoinnati. The following is self-explanatory : — To the Editor of tho Examiner. Sir, — Not being satisfied with my defeat by Ohristol, I will wrestle him for £100 a aide and the middle-weight champion ship of the world, providing he will wrestle middle-weight. I weigh 140 ponnda sasuel Mathews. . On the Bicycle.— Champion Prince. —He Defeats Schock in the Six Days' Bace in Minneapolis. The largest attendance ever gathered at a bioyole race saw the close of the aix days' eontest between John S. Prinoe and Albert Sehook at the Washington rink en Saturday evening, 22nd May. It waa a race worthy of a great attendance, and never in the history of waling have enoh almost nperhnman efforts been made to win. Both mounted their wheels Saturday morning in the very best eondition, and a great record was expected. Sehook waa slightly stiff in hto walk, censed, no donbt, by chafing. The German took the lead, bnt bis psoe was alow, and Prinoe, desiring a warming up, soon passed, and made the pass for a mile. This was tbe first time he made the paoe since the race commenood. Eater he started again, and rode ahead for three or four miles. At 11.30 there waa a tremendous spurt, in whioh Sehook fonnd himself unable to oope with the maa before him, and a lap waa trained amid gnat applause- At 800 miles Prinoe gained another lap. Then through the afternoon they rode in the same goeition ss on tbe previous day, Prinoe trail- ig on Sohook'a little wheel. About 6 o'clock another extra lap waa added to Prinee's aoore. Soon after, Sehook, an the Mist mile, made hie firet atop at any time daring the week before the1 12 hoars was. np, and changed wheels. The change was effected in 30 seconds (he dismounted unaided), bnt Prinoe gained another lap. At 975 miles the latter added one. more lap lead to his ipaxe. At 7.27 o'clook, after soaring. 1000 miles and reoeiring the applause doe to the effort,' Prinoe rested 3 minutes, daring, which he lost seven lane. After oovsring 1011 miles Schock made a rest of about 8 minutes, and Prince gained two miles and t ifo laps: ' When Prinoe passed the previous reoord of Sohoqk ofclOOO miles at 8.31 o'olook, a s)orm of applause went np that shook the building to its foundations, and Sohook won the same credit from the orqgd. at S.37J 0 riocb for breaking ;the same record. At 1012 o dock Prinon fnrilo ttio jUHiilcBt sport of the week. Passing Bchook, he wae a doren yards phead before the German knew af-bb okarige of - position. Han he went, and like She wind he flew around Uamma Lips'! warn marked off in ' twenty 'Monde, the faateat ever made in the rink, nafi Jn three lape he was at BAoofi little wheel again. - Ifever was snob applause given to n rider before. From -the start to tpa finish of; the. spot there was a oonstaat ebppiagaf hands, eneera, and waving of handkerchiefs from the fair ones. ' The contest was full of enrprieee, not only to Sohook'a backers, but to the oontestanta. For 721naghohii Sohook stayed on Us wheel, his only rest being's strip -at eight miantes. rest, -however, was not from neooselty, bpt ohoioe. Eventhonghdefeated, his back ers findno fault, bees use thay knew that ha did his brsl, aad even nxeallsd himself. j.To Prinoe s efforts too mneh .praise cannot he given. For the first three days he rode hard, at finding that he oonld win easily, aad that whenever ha derired to gain alap be had only to eaU " polo," aad turning out and past, oonld maka sevan laps In mmmots six, aad often in lam, hs simply followed Sohook'a little wheeL Hod be been let out the reoord would sorely have been over 110C miles, aad this to acknowledged by all who ; have watched the rase eloeely. Daring the whole time he never offered from a petn or an ache, and at the finish was, bnt for the . tiresomeness that comes of 12 hours .work end fatigns of constant pedaling, as fresh ss at last Monday morning's start. Hia victory is doe in a great manner to the eacerthms of Ms trainer, T. W. Eok, who was ably assisted by Hank Seetoy sad A T. Patter son. From first to lost the raoe was watohed with increasing interest. Setnidsy eight the exoitemsnt teethed its height. Before 8 o'clock over 2060 persons had passed in at the rink gate. At S o'olook there wee aot even standing room In seme parts of the vast floor epeoe, end to move about was next to an Impossibility. During the evening both riders rood red presents from the crowd. First one would get an elegant gift, end then the other. A floral borae-shoe, bo tig nets, srreetha, hand kerchiefs, bottles of Bam ale tied with ribbons, a basket of wax-flowers, beaver hate, and other gifts were made. The raoe fiaiahed in a apart, in whioh Prinoe, with the English and American flags over hia shoulder, epnn aronnd the track, and ended in a grin of three laps. Tbe roorea at the end of each day were aa follow : — Monday— PriDOO 181, 1 ; Schock 179, 6. Tuesday — Prince 367, S; Sohook 365, 7. Wednesday— Prinoe 564, 4 ; Sohook 683, 4. Thursday— Prinoe 718, 5; Sohook 708, 0. Friday— Prinoe 888, 2; Sohook 872, 2. Saturday— Prinoe, 1042, 1 ; Sehook 1028, 5. XEperg Defeats George a Third Time. This Time ix a Mile Bace. The third and oonolndiBg race between Myers and George attracted, if possible, even greater attention than the two preceding ones._ When Myera and George sailed aronnd tbe big traolCB six times, and made snob a stunning three-quarters of a mils ran, they probably did one of the finest things in the way of leg and mneols that waa ever accom plished. The prehistoric man whom we read about, ail muscles aad hair, raolng through the oljMoresto rinee turned into coal, may have done taller naming in a fioal heat after those long-legged exlinot animals, bnt we don't believe it, and it to no wonder that the crowd which saw the big performance got wildly exalted daring the raoe, and talked about nothing else in the week that followed. Every soul who saw how easily Myers beat George at that distance felt ante that he would have beaten bim with ease even if another quarter of a mile had been added on, and the oommonly acoepted theory that George oonld beat any living man at one mile was ail dashed to pieces, in American minds at least. The oonteat waa preoeded by a number of minor events. Fat some wise mam has said that everything h'aa an end, andby-ind-byetheendoame, with tie reward that the big crowd was writing for. There wae an ominous hash, and then the band master went into a wild waving of his arms, and hia masic-prodnoiog horde etrnak ont into wild, fierce, patriotio strains, that told of the arrival of the greatest pair of legs in Amerioa or anywhere else. The big orowd at the end of the garden yelled, and a frail little body oame trotting down tho track. It waa Myera, Then the band waa warned thet George was ooming, and played ''God Save the Queen." George looked just as he did a week ago, a eplendid specimen of the perfection of human lege. A man in gorgeous rig blew a long blast on a tin whistle, a piBtol waa fired, and they were off. It was no jerky start, bnt as amooth and even ae a naked boy sliding down a mud hank into a pond. For a abort distance tbe men ran together, Myers having ! tbe inside of the track, and then tbe orowd saw just what it had seen at the beguiling of.the other big raoe. At the turn In the track George pulled his loog form away from the little man, until he had polled fiffeenfeet of track away. They flew br the startJnv r-J-» and, — > great raoe was done. The women in the boxes waved everything they had, and screamed and cheered with the men. The men ran all the faster. Half way round the third lap George made a desperate effort to get farther away from tbe little old man of the tea, bnt Myera would not let go, and after a while George had to give np the effort. Half of the mile had then bean ran in two yiinntes and eixteen seoonde. In the four laps that followed George made desperate efforts to Increase hto lead, bnt it oonld not be done. At the commence ment of tho eighth and last lap he made a laet attempt, a regular bnndred-yard race sprint, and did gain a few feet, bnt by that time the lap was half ran, and it was Myera' torn to make an effort. Tbe time had come for him to take the lead. George knew what was coming, and hia lega flew and hia eyes bnlged ont in hia effort to keep the lead. Bnt it was all for nothiag. The little man behind him "started off at a tremendous buret of speed, a dash that noth ing more human than a racehorse or a looo- motive eosld ever hope to compete with, and at the last turn aronnd the track the crowd, actually drank with excitement, saw Myera racing at George's side and the two coming down the home-etreloh aide by aide. When the Englishman saw the little man at his side hia faoe actually grew pale as though he had seen a ghost. Myera waited nntil only fifty feet of the mile remained before him, and then oame the burst. His legs twinkled, he shot ahead, and dashed down the wire. Tbe Englishman was just three feet behind, and tbe great raoe haa been ran in 4ain. 32 2 -6th sea. Geerge remarked(after the raoe that if he had time before returning to England he would ran a raoe of ten miles with- George Hasael and give him three laps start. Al. Smith offered to bade Hazael to ran a race as above for from £260 to £500 a-side, the match to oome off within three weeks. Fred. Hugelhardt will visit Australia in October with some good people. He intends to bring Captain Paul Boynton, Jangcine, the wonderful lady fencer, . just now the present rags of this city, " and others. He is the most noted sporting manager in Amerioa, and whatever ha does, does well. Captain Boynton left for the East yester day. He called at my offioe to wish m good-bye. Daring hto stay here he has given some wonderful performances, whioh have been witnessed by thousands. Hs is a wonder, and a perfect gentleman. 