The Advertiser THURSDAY, APRIL 15, 1886 The panic in connection with the Savings Bank, which reached its height on Tues- <*> day last, has materially subsided, and the eclipse of reason is now, we trust, enter- ing upon its last phase. There were two circumstances giving to this senseless scare a seriousness it would otherwise have lacked. The first was the fact that the rumors concerning the supposed losses of the bank came so suddenly after the downfall of the Commercial Bank, the deep impression created by which is not likely soon to pass away. This, coupled with the idle rumors with which the air was full, affecting the credit of com mercial firms of long standing, seemed to produce a general feeling of in security, to which in the excitement of the hour no limit could be im posed. But it is hardly to be doubted that the panic acquired additional strength from the fact that a large pro portion of those who have an interest in the Savings Bank belong to a class not "specially familiar with the details of banking business, and ready to take fright on the first suggestion that there may be something wrong. It is no reflection on the general intelligence of the thrifty classes whose small savings are invested in this bank to say that there are many among them who from various causes are not in the best position to immediately recognise the absurdity of rumors that might be circulated to the discredit of the institution. The first whisper of suspicion may decide people of this kind to withdraw their de posits. They do not stay to reason, but are anxious at all hazards to remove their money from a place no longer spoken of as absolutely safe. Mistrust spreads with amazing rapidity, and the force of example leads many to do that which their individual judgment, if left to determine action for itself, would certainly condemn. It is also true that even when all fear or anxiety should be removed by the trust worthy assurances given that there is no reason for alarm, a scare cannot be dissipated with the ease and certainty with which it may be pro duced. This, as might be expected, has been the experience of the Savings Bank, and it brings into stronger relief the cruelty of spreading baseless reports that deal so rude a blow to the confidence of the public. The mischief done is sure and speedy, but the recovery is much more slow. In analysing the surroundings of the panic now happily almost at an end one is at a loss to discover the least reasonable ground for the fabrication of the rumors that spread dismay amongst depositors on Tuesday. So far as they acquired any definite form at all, it seems to have* been suspected, first, that the bank had sus tained heavy losses through robbery or embezzlement; and, secondly, that the assets of the institution had been seriously depreciated by the decrease in the value of city and suburban lands. The rumor as to embezzlement was absolutely with, out the pretence of a justification ; and it 1 may be added that the safety of the bank in this respect is guaranteed to an un usual extent by the variety of the pre cautions adopted to prevent the mis appropriation of its funds. The conclu sion is inevitable that this part of the j alarming story, repeated from mouth to niouth, was originally a pure invention, or else one of those myths originally existing only as suggestions of a pos sibility, and afterwards developing them selves through incautious repetition into a positive assertion. That portion of the story which concerns the supposed losses of the bank through the lessened value of the securities it holds originated probably as a false inference. There was a fact to start with, viz., the depreciated value of land, but the inference was utterly unwarranted. It was for gotten not only that the investments of the bank on mortgage represent only £074,105 of a total of £1.G84,C74, and that the balance of this large amount is partly in entirely solvent banks, and partly in the shape of Government and corporation bonds, the best securities the colony can ofier, but that even such sums as are lent on mortgage are pro tected by an arrangement which leaves the bank safe, even in the event of the most extraordinary fluctuations in the value of landed property. Infact, the rumors were destitute of the slightest claim to a hear ing if they were called upon to justify themselves by a bliow of plausibility. A foolish and ignorant panic, however, sub jected them to no such test, and for a time they did their mischievous work, It will be seen from the particulars we give elsewhere that a night's re flection, added to the reassuring in telligence published in the morning, soon broke the back of the scare, and of the £15,000 in respect of which notice of withdrawal was given by depositors on Tuesday, only £9,400 was claimed yester day. Many of the depositors who were needlessly alarmed on the first day re turned to reason on the second, and the influence of their example will certainly spread. Confidence is still further in spired by the new deposits, which have been coming in as if nothing whatever had happened. The magnetism of crowds has undoubF edly much to do with the vitality of a panic. It is the explanation of the wide spread acceptance of the rumors circu lated on Tuesday, fear inspiring fear, and doubts begetting doubts; and it is in part the explanation of the fact that yesterday there were still lingering traces of the scare. There were some shamefaced people, disinclined to admit that they were not yet entirely satis fied, whose ingenuity was amusingly set to work in inventing stories to explain the withdrawal of their deposits. It is only on account of the depositors them selves that there is occasion for regret that even £0,000 should have been withdrawn. The bank is so indifferent to a run that it does not even ask compliance with the regulations providing for notice of withdrawal, and it is pre pared to pay out the day after notice has been given. Faith in the stability of the institution would, we believe, have been more universally and speedily restored had it not been for the presence of the crowds of people who helped one another in the difficult task of finding reasons for a continuance of suspicion. A section of the unemployed, who had nothing whatever to do with the bank or its affairs, added an element of diffi culty to the position which was decidedly aggravating, and it is to be regretted that apparently the police had no power to disperse the large group of gossiping people outside the entrance to the bank. After all, however, there was nothing at all serious in the day's proceedings. The total amount withdrawn was a mere trifle, amounting* to much less than a quarter of the bank's working balance, and even less than the sum drawn out during the time of the Russian scare, and on the occasions of the annual division of profits about the middle of the year. The withdrawal of more than four times the amount paid to depositors yesterday would still leave the bank's deposits in other banks untouched, and while these remain intact the general body of the investors will suffer no loss of interest. Those under the influence of the panic are thus far the only losers, and we imagine that the circle will not be enlarged. The complete groundlessness of the scare must, by this time, have become so manifest that we shall be surprised indeed if to-day does not witness a very considerable return of the deposits which fearful and unthink ing persons withdrew yesterday. Some time since Professor Huxley, over tasked by continuous intellectual labor, was obliged to retire from his favorite pursuits, but the restless mind of the man has found occupation—odd as it is to think it—in the fields of theology. A little while ago the reading world was entertained by the con troversy between him and Mr. Gladstone on the Mosaic account of creation. What ever we may think of the merits of the dispute, it was evident that the professor wrote with sincerity, though with an in evitable predisposition not to find proof of inspiration in the Mosaic account. De termined to regard the ancient Hebrew writer as attempting to give a scien tific account of creation, and con victing him, as he thought, of several scientific blunders, he was hardly dis posed to entertain the other hy pothesis of a merely popular attempt to sketch the leading features of creation in such a way as to adapt it to the in telligence of a non-scientific age. But it is a curious fact that theology—not the theology of revelation, but the history of the growth of faith in the unseen—has for Professor Huxley an extraordinary fascina tion. It is not in his nature to treat even the dreams of immortality, the beliefs in a higher order of beings reappearing at wide intervals of space and time, with super cilious contempt. They are to him most interesting phenomena, and the question how they came to emerge from the abyss of unconsciousness is to him of as pressing interest as, in the natural world, the de velopment of new forms of life, the ascent from the ruder to the more complex organisms. In his own favorite science of biology the theory of evolution is not regarded by him as fully proved. There are links in the chain yet to be supplied, but he does not conceal his expectation that biologists are on the high road to dis coveries that will completely establish it. And in his own special department, anthropology, whatever indicates evolu tion,' whether in the sphere of matter or of thought, is in his view helping to the solution of as yet unsolved problems. The psychological evidence is just as material to his purpose as the physiological, or perhaps it would be more correct to say that what we call psychology, the philosophy of mind, presents itself to him as only a department of physiological enquiry. It is in obedience to this bent that we find Professor Huxley, in the Nineteenth Century for March, writ ing on "The Evolution of Theo logy." It is said to be "an anthro pological study." And in conduct ing it he sets for himself a task which seems strangely out of the track of his ordinary pursuits. This is nothing less than a careful examination of the Old Testament Scriptures. There is nothing superficial about it. He consults commentaries to get at the exact meaning of the language on which he founds his theory. He is prepared to find things that he did not expect. He is sure that whatever he does find will be most valuable evidence to anyone seeking to ascertain what man is, how he came to be what he is, and how the beliefs of humanity have taken root and grown. The spirit in which he writes is as opposed as possible to that of the secondhand freethinkers amongst ourselves, whose delight it is to glorify Bradlaugh, or to retail to us the blasphemies of Ingersoll. He is audacious of course, but it cannot be said that he is irreverent. His con clusions may shock the believer, but in his way of stating his case there is nothing, as respects the manner of it, to which any reasonable man can take exception. "It is not my object to interfere, "he says, *' even in the slightest degree, with beliefs which anybody holds sacred ; or to alter the convictions of any one who is of opinion that, in dealing with theology, we ought to be guided by considerations different from those which would be thought appropriate if the problem lay in the province of chemistry or mineralogy." To him the Bible is a most interesting and instructive book, full of valuable evidence bearing on the origin and destiny of man. He very properly says, indeed, that it is a mistake to call the Bible a book. "It is really a library comparable to a selection of books from English literature between the times of Beda and those of Milton/" In his Bible studies he adheres to his scientific method. Theology, he says, like every branch of science—and as a branch of science he regards it—has its history. It is "to be met with in simple rudimentary forms ;" these " can be connected by a multitude of gradations with the most highly developed theologies of past or modern times." He begins with a period, just as in geology he might in the first instance devote his attention to particular strata,'and the period on which he fixes is that comprehended in the books of Samuel and Judges. He speaks of "a ceitain archaic freshness" in these books, and of "the heroic stamp" of the men who then figured on the scene. It is im possible to follow him through the details of his investigation, but it is curious to compare the conclusions at which he arrives with the opinions of certain divines reputedly orthodox. Warburton in "The Divine Legation of Moses* affirmed that in the Old Testament there is no clear evidence of any belief in a future state, or any revelation of immor tality. To those who recognise the fact that revelation is progressive, and has successive stages of development, even this opinion need not be startling, but it is interesting to observe the way in which an independent and dispassionate enquirer like Huxley deals with what he would call the anthropological evidence. He believes the books he is examin ing are a real and trustworthy history, that they "give a fairly trustworthy account of Iraelitie life and thought in the times which they cover," and he speaks of "the great literary merit of many of their episodes." He might be expected to wish to find no proof of a belief in a future state, but he ar rives at a very different conclusion. He finds no evidence, indeed, of a belief in a future state of rewards and punishments, but " it would be an error to suppose that they did not believe in the continuauce of individual existence after death." Even this is not all, for he says—" I think it would be very hard to produce conclusive evidence that they disbelieved in im mortality ; for I am not aware that there is anything to show that they thought the existence of souls in Sheol ever came to an end." He marks this as a theological phenomenon of the period. He endeavors, it is true, to reduce the Israelite belief in Elohim to a mere ghost-worship, an expansion of the "worship of ancestors" which survived among the Hebrews, as is evidenced by the sacredness they attached to the Teraphim, and he interprets all the anthropomorphic expressions about Jahveh or Jehovah in the barest and most literal manner. But it is easy enough to distinguish between the evidence he gathers on matters of fact and his theories as to the meaning of the facts. One tiling remains indisputable, that he finds clear evidence at that early period of a belief in the supernatural, the recognition of the existence of an unseen world to which this stands in relation, and a dis position to turn to the assistance of un seen beings in every crisis of perplexity and fear. But this brilliant savant institutes his investigation into the past only for the purpose of pursuing his enquiries in com parative anthropology: and in the latter part of his article he gathers from the evidence of travellers proofs of the same phenomenon in some of the savage races of the modern world such as Polynesia and Australia. Here we are somewhat surprised. He tells us that in his examination of the Old Testament life he is merely dealing with it as he would with " stratified deposits left by the stream of the intellectual and moral life of Israel during many centuries." In order to a comparative argument of any value, when he turns to the modern world, it should be to corresponding strata. But it cannot be pretended that there is any such cor respondence in the stage of development in the more childish life of the Polynesian islands. Whatever may have been the " archaic freshness of the history in the period of the Judges and Samuel, Israel was at least in possession of a great body of economic legislation indicating a stage of civilisation much more advanced. How ever, there he finds the same phenomenon, ghost-worship, as he calls it; but when he comes to describe it we find that it is a belief in an unseen world peopled by spirits possessed of superior power and wisdom, who have broken free from the imitations of earthly existence which held them in bondage. This has for him only a psychological significance. It is a stage in the evolution of re ligious ideas. Others might regard it as a survival, indicating some remaining hold on a lost tradition. But it will not be forgotten that the Fourth Evangelist has given another account of the same phenomenon. He says that there is a light which enlightens every man, which the darkness does not comprehend, and yet is powerfully affected by it. The permanence of moral ideas, the craving for immortality, the insatiable thirst for knowledge of the unseen, the touch of the invisible which is felt in the midst of the most confused notions respecting the un seen powers—these are facts of human nature which anthropolgy more and more clearly demonstrates. Science must recognise their existence, but in what mysterious way such thoughts'are sug gested, and by what wonderful process they are sustained amid the greatest diversities of environment, science is wholly unable to explain, It bss been decided that a proclamation shall be published id this wenk's Government Gazette, fixiDp the opening of Parliament for Thursday, the 27th of May. It is expected that the Hon. G. W. Cotton will shortly place bis resignation as member of the Legislative Council in the hands of the President. If Mr. Cotton again becomes a candidate for that chamber he will stand for district No. 3. which includes the electoral divisions of Yatala, Gumeracha, Barossa, Wboroora, Light, asd Barra. On Wednpsday morning the liquidators of the Commercial Bank were in conference with the directon: regarding' the time when they are to enter into possession. The Hon. R. A. Tar] lon and Mr. Riscbbeith and the solicitor (Hon. J.C.Bray)werfipresent. There was little to discuss, and the liquidators (Hon. T. Play ford and Messrs. Brook and Hancock) entered upon their official duties at once. Practically the duties of the directors are at an end. All that they have to do is to draw tip a balance sheet np to April 12. The chairman will almost at once hand the key of the large safe over to the liquidators, who will then ba in Fole possession. The directors, especially the- Hon. K. A. Tarlton and Mr. C. Rischbeith, together with Mr. A. Tennant, M.P.. have worked assiduously all through the time of trouble, and they must feel greatly relieved now that their duties arc over. The outside public have little idea of what the work was like. In reality it haa proved a difficult and delicate task throughout. This will be readily credited, especially when it is stated that the directors were without the assistance of the late manager and late accountant. Fortunately for them they were able to command the services of Mr. R. S. Young, of whose ability the chairman of directors speaks in terms of high, praise, and bis knowledge ss branch inspector was of considerable aid to the board in going through the accounts and books of the bank. Mr, A. Adamsos, jun.. has partially com pleted bis special investigation of the bonks and accounts of the secretary (Mr. Alexander Walker) of the Young Men's Christian Associa tion, and the report was laid before the board at a meeting held on Wednesday afternoon to consider tile matter. There was a large at tendance, the following members being present:—The Rev. W. R. Fletcher, M.A. (chairman), Hnn.s. J. Colton and D. Murray, Revs. K. M. Hunter and E. Rorke, Messrs. I?. Chambers, W. Gilbert, M.P., K. Searle, F. Chappie, B. A., J. Marshall, T. W. Fleming, J. Bf". Anderson, J. Smith, G. P. Doolette, C. H. Goode, W. Rhodes, R. G. Wilkinson, H. lieaney, and the acting secretary (Mr. T. H. Snaeatcn). The auditor's report was laid before the board, and a long discussion followed, but it was decided that as the document was still incomplete, Borne of the ac counts not having been audited, the meeting should adjourn for a week, when the matterwiU again be gone into and doubtless a decision will be arrived at. We are informed that since Mr. Walker's return from Hobart, where he acted as one of the delegates of tits association at the conference of young men's Christian - associations, he has worked night and Jdsjfl? place his books in order, and that therewa^Kf ~ attempt at falsifying them. There is, how ever, notthe least doubt that money belonging to the association which passed into the secretary's bands is missing. The exact Bum taken is not known, but it is believed to ba under £1,300. The fact of thedefalcationsexisting came to light on Wednesday morning, April 7, when Mr. Walker made a confession to one of the members of the association, but the matter was kept quiet for a few days. There has it seems been a deficiency in the cash for some two years. Whether any action will be taken by the board it is yet premature to say, but it is understood that mitigating circumstances will be brought before them. For instance, it is stated by some of the members of the association that Mr. Walker has been in the habit of rendering aid to distressed cases among young men which have been brought under his notice. No such ; cases of assisted distress are, however, entered in the books. Besides generosity is no excuse for dishonesty, and this we presume, is the view which the board will take of the matter. At the half-yearly meeting of the Permanent acd Equitable Building Society held on Wed nesday evening a satisfactory report by the directors was brought forward and adopted. The question of prosecntiag the ex-directors and ex-auditors for damages in connection with the losses sustained through their alleged mia maaagerrent and Hewer's defalcations was discuEEed. a favorable legal opinion having been obtained fram Messrs. J. W. & H. F. Downer as to the company's chances of success in such an action. The general opinion ap- I peaied to be that such a proceeding would be risky, and the decision was left in the hands of the directors. A private meeting of shareholders in the Commercial Bark of South Australia who have purchased shares since November, 1335, was held in the Exchange Arbitration-room on Wednesday afternoon to consider whether a test action for damages should be brought against the directors. Abcut 20 gentlemen responded to the invitation, which was con veyed by circular. The Hon. J. Colton, M.P., presided, and explained the nature of the busi ness, and then a motion was put and carried that representatives of the press should not be admitted. However, we are able to state that alter some discussion it was resolved that the Hon. J. Colton and Messrs. A. Abrahams. G. Wilcox, D. McLean, and W. H. Wadey should form a committee to consider what steps should be taken to obtain redress from ! the directors of the bank, and to report to an adjourned meeting to be convened by circular. During the proceedings the opinion was ex pressed that a test action should be instituted m the name of a person who had held shares prior to November, ISSS, and who was the pur chaser of shares on a subsequent date. It was proposed that the action should be brought upon so broad a basis as to meet the interests of all who had suffered by the failure of the Commercial Bank. The meeting, which was opened after shortly 3 o'clock, did not termi nate until about 5 o clock. A Hjeeting of the City Council in. committee was b*4d on Wednesday afternoon, when the schedule of work? for the year w? iHBn into cenricerati^mnd passed, the total amount of expenditj''*J??minended to the council being \- £1,711. vifarSQpon of some length took place on the specifications of the contract for scaven ging the city from July 1 next to the same date in 18&y;, and some alterations were made in it subject to confirmation at the meeting of the council on Monday. The proposed loin of £50,000 was down for consideration, but was postponed till some future date on account of the small attendance. The only work done- on Wednesday in con nection with Mr. Rogersa contract for erecting the Exhibition Building consisted in taking the levels of the ground with a theodolite and ?in pegging it out ready for the excavations. Toe Eub-tenders for this part of the work were opened at noon, co that very probably operations will begin to-day, but water has to be laid on from North-terrace before the masons can start the walls. The num ber of men employed at first will, there fore, depend considerablyon the sub contractors for the digging- out. Plenty of labor is close at hand as soon as required. Applications are being constantly made to the contractor, and a considerable number of "men eager for employment wait about the entrances to the ground. Mr. Danstan's work of building- the retaining walls is fast drawing to a close, as both walls wQI probably be finished to day, and the plasterers will complete their tack during tile present week. The whole north face of the lower retaining wall is plastered, and looks very neat. Tne dry weather has favored Mr. Donstan in the epeedy execution of the work. The three months allowed in his contract do not expire till the 28th of this month. The filling up between the walls is also proceeding satisfactorily. Mesrs. Candler & McNamee have twenty two carts employed on their part of the work, and are obtaining their material from the back of Government House. Messrs. Fuller and Rogers are excavating earth at the corner of Frome-road and North-terrace, and spreading it to the.east of the I?" nffl^j"alii?iupgy^". Out Murray Bridge correspondent writes on April 14: —" The unemployed engaged on tha work of reclaiming the swamps near here are cow fairly settled down to their work. I had an opportunity the uther day of visiting their camp, and found that already considerable progress has been made in erecting a large bank round the edge of the swamp. I am credibly informed that some of the men who really work can make from 7s. to 83. per day, piecework at 6d. per yard. If some of those who are agitating in Adelaide on this question, and Mating that the men here are on star vation wages will only come up and make proper enquiries, they will find that men who are able and willing to work can make what in good times would be considered a good wage. The work must also prove a reproductive one, and it would be a good tiling for the cslony generally if the Government undertook at once the woik of reclaiming the whole of the swamps instead of only a portion of them. I found the men at No. 1 Camp were very comfortably camped under a high cliff. The tents are nicely arranged, and the whole bears the appearance of an ordinary worjdng^amp." TOe**tuuacfirof'"the Earl of Shafteebury. ?which is announced in our London telegrams to-day, wfll be regarded as presenting a strange contrast to the close of the life of his father, ?whose death "full of years and honor" we announced but a short time ago. The Earl of Shaftesbury is reported to have killed fcimself while in a_ cab in one of the principal streets in London. Beyond his last act nothing specially noteworthy is asso ciated with the late Earl of Shaftesbnry's life. As Lord Anthony Ashley he served in the navy during the Crnrean war ; was subsequently a lieutenant-colonel in the militia, and was member for Hull in 1857-9, and for Cricklade 1859-65. He was born in 183 LHe leaves one sen, Anthony, aged 17, and four daughters. Our telegrams contain no suggestion of the reason which prompted the suicide. At a board meeting of the Young Men's j Christian Association held on Wednesday afternoon it was announced that the Anglican fcithop (Dr. Kennion) had consented to act as ore of the vice presidents if elected to that position at the meeting to be held on April 27. There were 3C nominations received for mem bership, and the acting secretary (Mr. T. H. Smeaton) informs us that this has been the average number received at board meetings for some time past. Two horses attached to a licensed vehicle belonging to Mr. J. H. Meyers bolted from the Rose Inn on Wednesday evening, and in tnrning the corner of Brown-street and Grote street they came into collision with a horse and b'-'SBTj in which were seated Mr. Wilkey and Mr. C. Farr, jun., both of whom were thrown ont and injured rather severely. Mr. Wilkey was taken to the Adelaide Hospital and Mr. Farr to his residence in Wakefield-street. The buggy was mnch broken. One of the runaway hones was so injured that it had to be shot. The following copy of a telegram received by the Deputy Postmaster-General (Mr. Squire) from the stationmaster at Fowler's Bay, dated April 13, has been handed to U3 for publica tion:—"News has just reached here that Frederick Mc?ae, for many years in the employ of W. R. Swan & Co., Yatala, was f bund drowned in a large tank at Murramookla. He is supposed to have fallen in whilst water ing a horse. M.C. Dowling has left to in vestigate. Murramookla is about 25 miles south-east of Denial Bay." On Wednesday morning Mr. P. B. Coglin, M.P., presented a petition to the Hon. Com niisEioner of Crown Lands (Hon. J. H Howa) from Mr. J. W. Cogan on behalf of the farmers and residents of the hundred of EureUa, ask ing that in conspquence of the total failure of thtir crops the rents for their leases might be a)lowed to stand over till January 1 ; 1887, when the petitioners would pay 10 per cent, on the amount of the rent, in addition to the rf ct. The Commissioner, in reply, stated that each individual case should be submitted to him, when it would be considered on its rteritF. In oor advertising columns is pablUhed a letter received by Mr. A. Mscgeorge from th ? Yon. R. A, Tariton, chairman of directors of the Commercial Bank, in which an acknow ledgment is made that after careful investi gation the directors are satisfied that there was no collision between the gentleman addieteed and the late manager in respect to tne account of the former, and that there is nothing whatever to Bhow that the account in question was kept from the knowledge of the board with the sanction of Mr. Macgeorge. The publication of this statement ia necessary in the interests of Mr. Macgeorge, whose name was mentioned as that of one of the persons who had had secret dealings with the manager of the bank. Shortly after G o'clock on Tuesday evening a quantity ot ashes was discovered by P C. Nicholson smouldering near the wharf at the ? e*y£ifi'? Port Adelaide, bat with a couple of &ueeKprf; water the fire was extinguished. It is th? custom of donkey-enginedrivers on tbe wharfs at the Port to draw th*ir fires before leaving work in the even ing and place the ashes near their engines. These heaps have frequently been found smouldering after the men had left the wharfs. The parctice is a very dangerous one, and the enginedrivers should see that the ashes are thorongly saturated before leaving, for should a fire occur on the wharfs the conse quences might be most disastrous. A meeting of the committee of the proposed Boys' Brigade was held at the Ciiurch of England Institute on Tuesday evening. There were present Messrs. Denness, Grundy, Maudesley, Forrester, Murphy, Sanders, Squire, Jons?, Fatfull, and Dixon. It was resolved to ask Sir. J. H. Axgas to be president, and Messrs. F. B. Burden and C. Day vica-presidents; also, to take suitable premises, and to appeil to the public for funds. It was estimated that about £100 would be required to meet the ex penses for the first year. A circular was adopted declaring the objects of the brigade to be for the benefit of the newspaper boys and others of a similar class by securing ra >ra= where social amusements, healthy _ recreation, secular and undenominational religious instru : tion may be provided. Subscriptions will ba received by members of the_ committee or at the offices of either of the daily papers. Mr. W. E. Cooke, the Acting Government Astronomer, forwards us the following interest ing notes upon the occultation of Jupiters's fourth satellite on Wednesday evening:—"No really satisfactory theory of Jupiter's satellites has yet been propounded, and in fact a prize for the best memoir on this subject has been offered by the Paris Academy of Sciences, for which at present no competitors have appeared. The times, however, published in the "Nautical Almanac" for the various phenomena, eclipses, occultations, etc, are generally fairly correct for the first two satellites, but for the third and fourth, and especially the latter, the predicted times are often considerably in error. Hence observations of eclipses, transits, &c.; of these two are very valuable, and a phenomenon like the one observed tonight, in which both the disappearance into and reappearance from Jupiter's shadow of the fourth satellite are both well visible from the one station, is exceedingly interesting and will form a very useful addition to the series of observations from which the satellite's orbit can be computed. This evening, for tunately, the sky was almost clear, and although a light south-easterly breeze was blowing at tunes, yet the definition was sufficiently good for reliable observations. The time of disappearance predicted in the " Nautical Almanac" was 8h. 14m., so at about 7h. 30m. I stationed myself at the 8-inch equatoreal to await results. At first the defini tion was bad, but it rapidly improved. The fourth satellite was situated some little way to the south-east of the planet, and was even then very faint in comparison with the other moons. Towards 8 o'clock it had almost dis appeared in Jupiter's conical shadow, and at 8h. 2m. was all but invisible. From this time I watched it steadfly growing fainter and fainter until at 8h. 3m. it momentarily disappeared, owing to the passage of a tiny cloud. Flashing out into view again a few seconds later, it became more and more diffi cult to distinguish, and I finally lost sight of it at 8h. 3m. 40., A.M.T. The predicted time for its reappearance being 9h. 15m, I took my position at the telescope at 9 o'clock, and after waiting- an apparently interminable time, caught a glimpse of it at 9h. 21m. 17.2* A.M.T. It was then, however, so excessively faint that I doubt whether any but an ex perienced observer could have seen it. It now became gradually brighter, but was not plainly perceptible to an experienced eye until some three minutes later. If any other lovers of astronomy have observed this phenomenon I should feel very, much obliged if they will kindly communicate their results, as a number of independent results will greatly enhance the value of South Australia's contribution to the theory of Jupiter's fourth satellite." The Adelaide Arcade was enlivened on Wed nesday night by the strains of the Eastern Suburban B.V.F. Band, who gave an attractive concert that was listened to and enjoyed by a large crowd of promenaders. Oscar Smith's Tourist Party presented another good programme to their patrons at Garner's Rooms on Wednesday night, most of the songs and dances being heartily encored, j and the funny business creating roars of laughter. There was a large attendance of members at the first meeting of the winter season of the Metropolitan Draught Club on Wednesday evening. It was decided to hold a handicap tourney, for which the first prize should be a cup to be won twice in succession before it be comes the absolute property of any member. We understand that the South Australian Cricketing Association have arranged with the Adelaide and Suburban Football Association to play their matches on the Adelaide Oval this season. This arrangement has been en- j tered into in consequence of three of the senior clubs demanding a percentage of the net proceeds for playing on the oval far in excess of that which has previously been paid to them, and which the South Australian Cricketing Association did not see their way to grant. These three clubs refused to piny against the Geelong team unless their terms for the use of the oval were acceded to, and j the cricketing association have therefore felt themselves compelled to inform the Geelong Football Club that they are unable to hare them over this season. The Unley Total Abstinence Association gave their monthly entertainment in the chapel, Park-street, Unley, on Tuesday to a fair attendance, Mr. Win. Barford, vice president, occupying the chair. Mr. W. Win wood gave a very impressive temperance address, relating many incidents of real life, and the following numbers were satisfactorily performed:—Songs by Misses E. Badman and P. Jolly, recitations by Miss Gilbert and Masters Gilbert and' Harry Chadick, and a i reading by W. Gnthrie; also two wall-rendered j selections by the church choir, entitled " Torn- I ing" and " Arise, Christian Soldier." Tne accompaniments were played by Misses Lily I Sanderson, Emma Badtnan, and W. EL Bar- j ford. At the close two persons signed the pledge. The quarterly meeting of the Hiudmarsh branch of the South Australian Sunday-school I Union was held in the Robert-street Lecture- j hall, Hindmar?h, on Wednesday evening. There was a large attendance of Sunday-school teachers and others, and the president of the Bible Christian Conference (Rev. O. Like) occupied the chair. Two questions were introduced for discussion. The first by Mr. Cook, was—"ls it desirable that all the Sunday - schools in the town hold an annual picnic instead of as now separately?" This was negatived. The second, submitted by Mr. A. Burnell, was—" Should teachers expect immediate conversion in their classes V"' This led to an animated discussion, and showed that those present were taking a lively interest in the schoolwork. In reference to the entertain ment given by Mr. D. Green in the Athletic Hall, Pirie street, on Saturday evening, for the benefit of the unemployed, we are informed by Mr. E. G. Bofcisto that according to Sir. Green's balance sheet there is nothing available from the en tertainment for charitable purposes. Mr. Green states that he received for tickets sold £VJ -55., and that he paid for expenses £2110=. Gd. Mr. Bosisto informs us that Mr. Green promised to 1 give the "whole proceeds" to the unemployed, which he understood to mean the "gross pro ceeds." Amongst the items in Mr. Green's account of expenses are—"Chairs and forma, £610s.;" " band, £2;" " half cost of trophies, £2;" and "sundry expenses, £1 2s. 6d." Mr. Bosisto has still the few shilling collected among the spectators of the former athletic contest, which he wishes to hand over to some authorised person. Mr. Monty Browne, manager for Messrs. Williamson, Gamer, & Musgrove, informs us by telegram from Melbourne that Mr. Arthur Garner left that city by the steamer Adelaide on Wednesday to arrange for the forthcoming .season of pantomime and opera at our Theatre Royal, which Williamson & Co. have leased for five years. The excellent style in which these gentlemen invariably place their pieces on the stage guarantees for theatre-goers a ronnd of amusements to which they have been strangers for some time past. Notwithstanding the dull times, there is no doubt the Theatre will again receive a fair measure cf patronage when its doors are reopened at Easter. Mr. Garner wQI decide whether the open ing performance will take place on the day following Good Friday or on Eister Monday, on which occasion the pantomime of " Cinderella," which had so successful a run in Melbourne, will be produced. The monthly business meeting of the S.A. Caledonian Society was held in the society's ball, Rundle- street, on Tuesday evening, Mr. J. Bertram, and afterwards the Hon. Dr. Campbell, M.L.C., oscupying the chair. Several new members were elected and pro posed. The sports committee leported having made satisfactory progress with the arrange ments for the Easter sports, which so far pro mise to be a great success. It was resolved to call a meeting for Tuesday next to consider the rc-ehtablishinent of the literary club. Mr. S. Diummcnd was elected honorary secretary for the remainder of current financial year, and by the unanimous vote of those present a vote of thanks was tendered to Mr. S. J. McCailum, the retiring secretary. Several of the members expressed their appreciation of the abilities displayed by aiid the success attending the efforts of Mr. McCailum on behalf of the society. The first meeting of the session of the I University Shakespeare Society to transact | business was held in the library of the Uni versity on Tuesday evening, Mr. G. F. CleUnd I presiding. TLe balance-sheet presented by j the hon. eecretary (Mr. G. S. Bowyear), showing that the condition of the society from a financial point of view was satisfactory. The establishment of the journal in connection with the society was mentioned by Mr. J. C Wbaiton. who moved the adoption of the report, and he urged upon members the im portance of interesting themselves in its suc cess. The report was adopted, and the officers for the ensuing year were elected as follows:— Patron, his Honor the Chief Justice (Chan cellor of the University); president, Rev. W. R. Fletcher, M.A. (Vice Chancellor); Wee presidents, Dean Russell, 8.D., Professor E. V. Boulger, M.A., and Mr. J. A. Hirtley, 8.A.; and hon. secretary, Mr. G. Sherrif Bowyear, B.A. A general meeting of the Holdfast Bay Yacht and Boat Club was held at the Pier Hotel, Glenelg, on Tuesday evening. There was a fair attendance of members, the commo dore (fill-. J. W. Billiatt) occupying the chair. The whole of the club rules were taken into consideration and thoroughly discussed, result ing in several useful additions and alterations being made. A discussion took place regard ing the removal of one of the club's buoys indicating the racing course on Satur day prior to the races. This had been discovered by the commodore in time to have the buoy put back to its right position before the sailing began, and it was decided that the delinquent .in this instance should be informed that the recurrence of such a transgression would ensure his being debarred from sailing in any of the club's races. The projected trip across the gulf at Easter by several of tbe club's boats was considered, and arrange ments were mode for carrying it ont. The closing day of the present season was fixed for Saturday, May 29, when evolutions will take place under the direction of the commodore, and it is hoped that some members of the South Australian Yacht dub will take part in them. An entertainment in connection with the Loyal Olive Branch Lodge No. 17, L0.0.F-, was given in the Mission Hall, Bowden, on Wednesday evening. There was a good at tendance, and the Mayor of Hindmarsh (Dr. Rees) presided. In the preliminary address it was stated that the number of members good on the books is 102. During the past quarter the wives of three members died. The total funds amounted to £210, being an increase of £30 during the year. The programme in cluded songs and recitations, which were given by Misses Bennett, Keen, Rimes, and Messrs. A. PovaU, J. S. Gunn, T. J. Bishop, J. T. Cook, E. J. Coombe, E. Lenden, Menhenette, and Councillor Willis, all of whom acquitted themselves to the apparent satisfaction of the audience. Mr. Roseahain played two pianoforte selections, and also took part in an instrumental solo with Mr. Bauer close and Master Rosenhain. Two string quartets, Op. 3, No. 5 (Haydn), and Op. 123, No. 1 (F. Schubert), were contributed by Messrs. T. Grigg (first violin), P. Tevig (second violin), T. Amor (viola), and F. James ('cello). The performers received well-merited applause. Mr. Rosenhain and Miss Bastard were the accompanists. The Bavden Brass Band, under the direction of Bandmaster B. Gould, played selections of music oatside the hall. A meeting of the officers of the V.M.F. was held at their Club-room, Prince Alfred Hotel, on Wednesday evening, Colonel Mathews pre siding. A code of rules for the club wa3 sub mitted and adopted, and the following officers for the ensuing year were chosen:—Committee ?—Captains Dean, Schomburgk, Roberts, and Fowler; secretary " and treasurer — Lieut. Daniels. At the conclusion of the ordinary business the chairman read the following letter, dated Elsternwiok, March 30, from Major-General Djwnes: — " My dear Colonel Mathews —Major Fiveash is conveying to you by steamer my likeness which I shall be much obliged if you will present to the officers of the V.M.F. with my best wishes. I regret the delay that has taken place in redeeming my promise made at the farewell reception you all gave me, bat I could not well have done it earlier. I trust that the delay will be forgiven, as my late brother officers willnow see thatthe year that has passed since we parted has not in any way lesssened the warmth of my feeling to srards them." The chairman spoke in eulogistic terms of the Major-General, whose health was drunk by those present. Lieatenanfc-Cjlonel Makin (president) expressed the pleasure the club had in receiving the gift, and intimated that it would occupy a prominent position in the club-room. The portrait, which is a good likenees, is of very large size, and handsomely framed. Services connected with the anniversary of the Kent Town Wesleyan Sunday-school were begun on Sunday, when sermons were preached by the Revs. C. Lane and D. O'Donnell in the morning and evening respectively, and a special service for the young took place in the after noon. On Wednesday evening the castomary tea and public meetings were held, the atten dance at both being good. Mr. A. Catt pre sided at the latter gathering. The secretary read the annual report, which stated that the year under review had been very sacseaafuL There were 20 lady and 31 gentlemen teachers, whose average attendance had been 9 at the morning and 29 at the afternoon school. Tnere were 234 girls and 207 boys, in all 461 scholars on the roll, as against 470 at the end of last year. The average attendance in the morning was 82, and in the afternoon 505. Of the scholars C 2 were members of the church, and 86 belonged to the Young Christiana' Union. The band of hope numbered 323 m^mbsrs, and there were 752 volumes in the library. The receipts for the year had been £78 175., and the expenditure £51 6s. 3d., leaving a credit balance of £21 10s. 9d. Mr- A. R, Stephenson save an amusing and interesting address, descriptive for the greater part of. a Wesleyan Sunday-school in Naples. The Rev. R. M Hunter spoke on the necessity of, not deseiting the chnrch. The present were to some extent troublous times for Christianity, and it behoved its adherents to manfully stand np for the faith which they professed. Several hymns were given during the evening by the scholars, who were under the able guidance of Mr. W. R. Pybus. Miss Lawrence acted effi ciently as organist. The Government Printer has forwarded us the South Australian Law Almanac for ISB6. Professor Ives will Rive another organ recital this evening in the Town Hall. The annual meeting of the S.A. Football Association will be held at the Prince Alfred Hotel this evening. The Southern Star Band will give the last of th-ir summer open-air concerts at the Semaphore this evening. We have received from Messrs. Cissell & Co, of London and Melbourne, a copy of their nsn- volume in the "Kational Library" series. It contains Mackenzie's "'Man of Feeling," of which work it is of couree, the cheapest edition ever published. ' 