D. JD. Home, Kilo N)»lritunllst. (.The lYcio Fort lForM.) Daniel Douglas Home, who died in London recently, wns either tho most romnrkablu modinm that tho world hns over seen, nnd really capable of perform ing miracles, or ono of tho most infamous impostors that over successfully played upon human credulity. An orphan boy, Homo wns brought from Scotlnnd to tho Umtoil States by nn mint, who m vain tried to mnko n farmer of liim. Ono day, whon ho was about 14 years of ago, ho wns sharply ropriinandod by his aunt for not going to work in tho fields ns directed." Ho excused himself on tho ground thnt ho lind seen and boon in communication with tiio spirit of a play mate, whoso dentil hud greatly affected liim. Strongly imbued, ns tho Scotch mostly nro, with n high respect to second sight and ovorything portaining to tho supernatural, tho nunt hesitatingly credited hisstntcmont, ami from liis desiro to shirk work may bo dated his enroor ns a spiritualistic medium. I linvo heard him tell tho story of how lio lay loung ing on his bed ono hot afternoon, think ing wlint ho could say to liis nunt to ex- ciiso liis absonco, when suddenly tho spirit of liis departed friond roso before him and inndo plain nnd clenr his future liioivork. It wns a timely interposition in his favor, coming, ns it did, when al most nil tho civilised world woro moro or loss interested in supposed rovolntions from tho spirit land, whon tiio " mnui- festntations " of tho Fox Sintors woro still recent onougli to agitato thoughtful, truth seeking people, ami divido society into tho three elnsses — believers, dis- boliovors and inquirers. Early manhood found tho whilom penniless nnd bnrc- foot boy a full fledged medium, with money enough to try liis fnlo in other lands. IIo aimed high, his mnrk boing naturally Loui3 Napoleon, who was known to bo almost as superstitious ami ns confirmed a fntnlist as wns his il lustrious uncle. It is not to ho doubtod that Homo had two sittings with Napoleon III. Marvellous woro tho ovonts snid to hnvo occurred on thoso occnsions. Ilcmo hiniHolf told mo thnt Louis, EugiSnio and sovoral dignitnries of tho court woro presont cncli lime. The first timo the sitting accorded liiin wns not long onougli for him to do moro thnn to mntorinliso a fow spirit flowors — ono of whioli struck tho Empress full in tho fnco nnd greatly alarmed lior. A fow shadowy forms appeared, whioh tho Emperor said lio recognised as rolativos of his. At tho noxt sitting Homo said lio wns in full power, and materialised, or pra- t ended to materialise, a number of dis- ombodiod spirits. Tiioy formed a circlo nround tho Einporor, to his evident nmnzomont nnd terror. Ho recognised and called liis mother by name. Sud denly thoy nil vanished, and 0110 solitary figure nppenred, and advanced to tho Einporor. He wns drossod ns tho pic tures of the Littlo Corporal, and was easily rocognishhlo as Napoleon I. Louis turned' whito, hut, with trembling lips, innringod to 'utter tho words " My fnto ?" In tho same tono in which a person in lifo would speak tho reply wns givon, only low and impressivo : " Like mino— discrowned and . doatli in oxilo." As tho ghost spoko ho. placed both hands on his nephew's shoulders. . Louis foil hack in liis ahnir as if nboiit to fniut. With n moan tho Empress swooned.' tho spirit form vnnished, and in the alarm and confusion of resuscitating 'EugCnioj Homo wns hurried from the .Taileries,. nor could any ontrcaty.ot thoincdinm ovor induco their Majesties to ndinit him to their prcsonco again. This it tho account givon by .Homo in 1802 of: tho sittings that had tnkori place a short timo previously. Ilowovor istrnhgo Homo's power ' may liavo hebii hoforo 1802, .'.in this dato al most tho wliolo fashionabio world of London was sitting at tbo modium's foot waiting for his "poivor" to rotiirn, it having loft liim, according to liis own confession, as suddenly and strangely as is lind como to him. ifo lind unbounded fnrno by this liino, hnving had seances with almost every person of distinc tion in Europe, from royalty down. Qucou Victoria had not long been widowed, and, reluctant to entirely lose her loved ono, wns eagerly stretching out to Spiritualism, hoping tliat it might bridgo over tho terrible chasm tlint separates lifo from death. Homo was . privately sent, for, but, whether hound to secrecy or wholhbr liis powers failed to summon spirits thnt could not bo loarnod, for, tho medium, usually so cloquont upon liis own spiritual pdrformnncos, could novor be induced to reveal a word of- what took placo at tho seance with ' tho Qnoon. Ho allowod it to bo inferred that what took plnco in tho prcsonco of royalty wns of too snored a chnrnctor to bo im parled to ordinary mortals. But thnt her Majesty had received a medium was sufficient to make blind, unquestion ing believers of mora than half tho grcntcst nnd highest peoplo of tho realm, conspicuous among tlicm being Sir Edward Lytton Bulwer, who nbout this poriod wroto that blood curdling talo, A strani/c Story. Among tho firmest believers of tho doctrine of spiritualism and tho warmest friends nnd partisans of Mr. Homo woro a Mr. William Wilkinson nnd liis wifo. Mr. Wilkinson was a distinguished lawyer, and resided near Uampstcad Heath. Mrs. Wilkinson used to draw spirit flowers. Thoy wore exquisitely beautiful, but bore littlo reseniblnneo to flowers of the earth. From thorn was taken tho doscripliou ol spirit flowera which will ho found in A Strange Utory. At tho Wilkinsons' thu vory pick nnd flower of London society of that day and tho lions of other countries fre quently met. I hnvo snid that about tliiB timo Homo owned tlint I10 had lost temporarily his modiuiuistio power. I should liavo added for tho purpose of gonornl sittings. Tho reason ho gnvo for it wns tlint tho spirits had directed him to rescrvo his influoneo entirely for tho euro of Mrs. Jnno Lyon, a rich English widow of mature ago. SI10 had boon n groat bonuty iu her day, nnd wns still, whon Ilomo met Lor, a well preserved and dashing society woman. In somo way, which I linvo now forgotten, sho had lost lior IcR hand, nnd nlwnys woro a fidso linnil covered with a kid glovo. On tho dentil of her liusliand sho beenmo an inquirer into spiritualism, nnd root tho Scotcli- Auioricaii medium who informed liimsolf of tier enormous health, liis instincts nB 11 professional medium scenting a fat goosu to pick, ho declined to recciva liis usual 2 guinea sitters, nnd dovotcd himself ontirely to her. IIo began in tho usual way of obtaining (?j communications from her dead husband. Tho loss of lior hand had boon moro of a mortification than a deprivation to tho vain old wohinn, who must hnvo been ovor 80 whon sho first mot llomo. It did not toko long for tho shrewd Daniel to find out tho wenk spot in tho old widow's armor. Adroitly taking advantage of this, ha nclunlly was abio to mnko her lioliva thnt by his inodiumistio power ho could create, not n now hand, but life in the fatso ono ! Rut to do this lio must Imvo time — lio must ronouiico tho sitters through whoso visits ho lived, and de vote liimsolf entirely to lior. Ho under took to join tho fnlso hand at tho wrist to tho living arm, which, when accom plished, ha snid, would cnalilo lior to uso the fnlso bond exactly ns if it woro real. Tlint Mrs. Lyon wns falling into her dolngo would seem tho only reason why n highly aducntcd and well bred Eng lishwoman could bo mndo to Leliovo in Homo's protended power to onflow a wooden hand with lifo. Homo wns tiio more cngor to dovoto himself exclusively to the scrvico of thu rich widow from the fact tliut his star was beginning to pale, in consc- queiice of sovoral attouipls to pcrpctrato impositions so stupidly transparent and heartless that tho credulous British publio turned from liim. Homo had married a young Russian girl of tho honored family of Kirchleff. Her fntbor wns a count. It is the custom in Russia for all tho children to boar tho titlo of tho fntlior, so dint nil tho sons woro counts nnd Homo's wifo a countess. Blio was a very. delicate girl, and tho fnmily lciiow sho could not livu lung. On this account thu opposition of tho family was soon ovcrcomo. In a very few years tho fears of tho family woro verelied. Al ready far gono m n consumption, Mrs. Homo was not a long timo dying. Aftor her dentil Homo oxliihitcd a skotch which ho Baid tho spirits liad mado, and brought frame and all and laid it upon his bed tho night of her death. It was a fair likeness of his wifo representing her lying on lior sido on a sofa, wings springing from her shoulders nnd radiating from her hack and head in fnntnstic feathered foini. Ho said sho lind slowly turned into nn nngel as day aftor day slio diod. Tho genuineness of tho sketch wns not doubted Ly truo bolioYors until it was shown to a corlnin artist, who, boing doaf, had not Jienrd Homo's version of its being u spirit picture. Ho thought thoy woro compli menting liim on tho oxeellonco of tho likeness, and snid witii much feeling " Yos ; poor, dear littlo woman 1 It was my own idoa to mnko her turning iiitoau angel whilo yet alivo, nnd sho particu larly enjoined upon mo to uuike a good likeness of her 113 it was the last that would ovor ho tnkon of her." Homo was not presont whon this explanation ' was given of its origin. But when told what had occurred, ho kecamo vory in dignant Hint nn artist should bo "so greedy of fame ns actually to claim tho coloslial work of tho spirits as liis own." On nnotlior occasion Home announced that ho would produco bolls of lira and illuminated hands. Tlint ovening tho elite of crowded every nook nnd corner of n nobleman's houso where thoexLibi- tion was to tako placo. Tho evening wns pretty far advanced, and people was gotting impatient before Homo mado his appearance with tho old widow Lyons loaning on his arm. Uo had persuaded tior tli at it was indispensiklo to her " euro" that ho should To continually with 1:0', that lie was seldom ;seoii abroad without tho widow's false baud upon his arm. Gonorous ns sho was silly, slio had fitted up a suit of apart ments in her own residence, where iio lived liko a prince. After his arrival nnotlior half hour alapsed during which ho was occtipiod giving directions as to tho darkness of tho room nndstrokingOio widow's fnlso hand, At length ho mndo sovoral nttompts to produco balls of fire, but failing, dcclnrod that "tho spirits woro not strong onougli for that to night, and so ho would linvo to confino himself to showing tho luminous hands." Tho houso was darkened and Homo groped his way nlono to tho Uontl of tho broad stnircrso, wlioro ovory fow ininulos a pair of luminous hands woro tiirown np. Tito nudionco was sntisfiod gonorolly. Ono lady, however, was not, and whispered 1 rao — sl, was "half licnr ted ' Spiritunlist — tlintit looked to lior ns_ if ho bad " rnhbod Ids own linntls over witn lucitor matches." Tho host stood near tho inantlopicco and had soon llomo obstrnctodly I'lnco a small bottlo upon it when lin loft tho room for tho staircase. That bottlo the host quietly slipped into hiBpockot. Upon examination the next day it was found to contain piios- phorottcd olivo oil, or some similar preparation. Tho host had declared hitn- solf to bavo soon Homo float through tho uir from »no side of tho room to thu othor, lift a piano sovcrn! feet in tlio nir by simply placing a finger upon it, and bad soon him matorialiao discmhodiod spirits j but niter tlio discovery of tbo phoBpborous trick ho dropped Homo nt onco. This was a sovoro blow to tlio medium, but worao wnsto follow. Homo had nt this timo boon trailing on tho BuporstitiouB credulity of Mrs. Lyons for at least a year, in which timo ho had obtained from hor tho enormous sum of 00,000 dol. Sho bugon to bo impationt and domandod oitbor a iivo band or tho xoturn of hor money. Homo sought to pnoify hor by proposing inarriago, but relatives stopped in nnd Btopped that. Tho widow was induced to suo for hor monoy. Sho obtained a verdict, and Homo was ordorod to return tho monoy. If I romombor rightly ho repaid hor but 80,000 dollars, having sqnandorod or disposed of all tbo rest. Porsonnlly, Homo wns under tlio medium height, of slight . build nnd with sandy bnir and com plexion. Ho was very graceful nnd pleasing in his bearing, though ho novor, notwithstanding tho brilliant socioty in which ho moved for so many years, wns nblo to overcome tlio lack of onrly educa tion. Ho could writo but would not when ho could avoid it, yot nt ono timo lio was ambitious of tlio honors of au thorship. Ho Ihorofore, furnished viva voce his rcmiuisconcos to iiis friend, Mr. William Wilkinson, who put tliem in tlio book shnpo in which thoy appeared nutobiogrnphienlly, entitled " Incidents of My Lifo." In tho metropolis, wlioro ho had achieved his most splendid triumphs, Homo wns loudly and publicly proclaimed on impostor nnd n Bwindlor. Former friends passed him without re cognition, nnd thoso who wcro onco ' credulous believers in liia power Btig- mntisod him as the Gagliostro of the ninoteonth century. Never robust, for years nftorwnrds ho languished in ob- eourity, nnd lmB nt lust oxpired nt a comparatively curly nge, almost unknown to tho presont generation. 