jTHBT^WESIEYAS rCQNFEKENCE. ~Pn TueBcTay evening, January 19, the thir teenth annual Conference of the Wesleyan Methodist Church of South Australia waa commenced at the Pirie-street Church. Ade aide. The President (Kev. U. T. .Newman) iccupied the chair, and there wa3 a large ittendance. As usual, a prayer meeting wa3 irst held, in which the Kevs. T. Lloyd, J. iillingham, J. B. Stephenson, R. M. Hunter, md J. Bickford, and Air. F. Chappie took part. After the Conference had been ' called to -rder' the President, amid applause, wel :omed to the meetings the Rev. E. Barber recently arrived from New Zealand) and the Rev. J. Leggoe, who has been labouring as a nissionary in Fiji, and is at present visiting ?Mb colony. . The President, in his retiring address, said they could not review the year without feeling that in many respects it had been of m exceptional character, arising in a large legree out of the failure of some of the jolony's more important industries ; and he teltthat their deep sympathy was merited by She people in the mining centres and agricul iural settlements of the North, by the sons of ioil, and by business men everywhere. He then svent on to refer to some aspects of the year's work as follows : — At the close of the last Conference there were a number of Circuits which it was impossible to supply with ministers in consequence of our ranks being inadeauate to meet the demands. The matter caused me considerable anxiety, and led to much Circuit embarrassment. I have, however, been able to secure home mis sionaries as supplies for all the Circuits. Mr. J. G. Mitchell was sent to mission Kangaroo Island ; Mr. Crossley continued Border Town ; Mr. A. D. Bennett was sent to Stansbury, Mr. Wheatley to Miutaro, Mr. Longmore to Hanson, and Mr. George Potts to flergott Springs. At this latter place Mr. Potts extends his labours to Farina, Beltana, ind the navvies' camps on the extension line, mingling freely with the men, and endeavour ing in every legitimate way to cheer them in their trying positions. I am glad to learn that all these brethren are labouring with acceptance in their various spheres. I have ilso provisionally taken up Endunda and the surrounding district, and sent Mr. W. H. Wil kinson as a supply till April. I was Led to adopt this course in response to a very influential deputation which waited on me from the district, and I am pleased to say that the mission is selfsup porting. Several matters of importance have Engaged our attention as a Connexion, among them the secession in Tonga. The matter same before the Missionary ^Committee in connection with the report of the deputation appointed by the General Conference. After carefully considering that very painful re port, the following resolution was adopted md forwarded to the President of tne General Conference :— ' That this meeting of the Foreign Mission Committee, having heard the report of the deputation to Tonga, desires to express its abhorrence of the spirit of per secution which has been manifested in the Friendly Islands, and to declare its sympathy with the suffering members of our Church.' This sentiment has been heightened by the knowledge of subsequent events, which, I am sure, has excited deep grief in the hearts Qf all who had knowledge of the work which had keen done in those islands, as well as indignation against those who are the insti gators of the persecution. The new model deed prepared by direction of the General Conference has been under the careful con sideration of our Property Committee. While approving of the draft in general the com mittee have made several suggestions which they believe to be necessary to effectively guard all the interests of the Connexion, and the draft has been referred to the Deed Com mittee, which will consider the suggestions from this and the other Annual Conferences. Their final revision will be submitted to the President of the General Conference and for legislative action by the several Conferences. The Northern Territory.— I single out this mission for special reference because of its unique position and character. The Rev. J. R. Bradbury_, who was appointed by ths last Conference, in due time entered upon his labours as successor to the Rev. W. Stewart, and has been much encouraged in his work. Soon after his arrival the Anglican Church opened a mission, and some were apprehensive that in so small a community, and so peculiar in its consti tution, our cause would be adversely affected, but such has not been the case ; instead, our mission has been strengthened, and substan tial progress is reported, while wider sym pathy with our wors has been evoked. The Jubilee Movement.— The last Conference appointed a large committee to arrange for fittingly celebrating the jubilee of Methodism in this colony, and a meeting of the committee was held in October last. The attendance was large, and a righteous enthusiasm prevailed. Various resolutions were adopted, and a scheme prepared which will be submitted to this Conference. It is recommended that the date of initiating the movement be deferred from the present month till May, partly because of the finan cial circumstances of the colony, but more especially as the latter date commemorates the formal establishment of the Methodist Church in the colony. If the movement is to be productive of all the spiritual and finan cial results desired, it will require the com bined energies of ministers and people. I most earnestly pray that whatever financial gain may be realized it will be the outcome of a deeper spiritual life and fuller consecration to the service of God. I am sure we should all deprecate a mere money-getting celebration. Still, wherever there is a righteous conception of the obligations of the Christian faith there will be gifts laid upon the altar, and of this there was gratifying proof at the meeting I refer to, handsome contributions being pro mised to the proposed Jubilee Fund. Our Young People. — Being anxious to emphasize the interest of the Church in the physical, mental, and. moral welfare of our young people, I invited large numbers on separate occasions to meet me in the city for counsel and prayer. The response was in every way gratifying, and the interest in the meetings great; subsequently I held meetings in various suburban and country Circuits, and at all I was nobly sustained by both ministers and office- bearers. While the direct results were gratifying, they only indi cate partly what has been gained by the movement. In a greater or less degree the following advantages have been secured:— (1) a deeper attachment to the Church; (2) increased interest' in the young by seniors in the Church ; (3) greater concern by converted young men and women for those who are not converted; (4) increased activity in the Church's work by young people ; (5) many cases lof conversion ; (6) a deeper piety among many young Christian. I am fully convinced that just in proportion as we intelligently attach our youth to the Church of their fathers or education, so will be our hold on the country in the future. I don't think we can be too much concerned about this question; it is vital to our prosperity, and even our existence. We must have the young for Christ, and, if necessary, be lavish in our expenditure of toil to secure this end. Mark you, 1 have no sympathy with the idea that young people must be caressed, flattered, and treated as if they were the only persons of importance in the world. They don't want such sickly sentimentalism, but they will be amenable to generous . friendships, readiness to' aid enquiry, and respect for their growing intelligence. To these they will respond with a loving trust. Let us in all our associations with them aim at developing the spirit of self-reliance, of nobleness of character, and loyal attachment to the truth as it; is in Jesus. We cannot ignore the fact that great efforts are being made to insidiously under mine the influence of religion and religious teachers on the youth of the day. The spread of poisonous sceptical literature, the eager efforts of infidel propagandists in the workshop, the house of business, the social circle, and places of meeting, are doing much to unsettle the mind. This must be met by well-directed effort and instruction in the principles of our holy religion. Where there is a good Scriptural pound work there will be in the majority of cases the building-up of a character which will resist the fierce attacks of Bcepticism. In connection with this subject I cannot but deplore the disuse in such a large degree of our Connexional cate chism in our Sunday-schools. This admir able compendium of systematic Bible truth is invaluable as a means of equipping the mind. Beside this, I thick the attention of our Sunday-schools should be drawn to a more systematic instruction of the higher classes on the evidences of religion. I would not be unmindful of what has been done by the self-denying workers in Sunday-schools, but we are confronted with forces to-day of which our forefathers knew but little ; those forces are subtle, fascinating, and dangerous. Let the Churches do their duty, and the issue will be the inclusion of the intelligence and moral power of the youth of this country within the pale of the Church. Social Purity. — Among the many social questions which have been debated during the year, none is of so vast importance as the socia. purity movement. For years the growth of vice and the deplorable state of the law has pressed heavily upon the minds of those who studied the subject ; the closer the investigation the more profoundly im pressed were the investigators at the awfnl depravity and abominable practices existing. This led to a crusade against the evil, in which many noble men and women havebeen associated, and the result has been irresistible by Parliament, for the ' common' people championed the cause of virtue, and demanded protection for 'our girls.' The agitation has led in Great Britain to the enactment of a law securing in a large degree {?f»-.::a:J;.' ' ' ' '' '' ' he' ends designed ; and in thia 'colony, no doubt influenced by what 'was -transpiring in the mother country, an Act of a similar character has passed the Legislature. In such a movement our Committee of Privileges has been active, petitioning Parliament, and dealing with phases not embraced in other petitions. If the new law is to be a )lessing to society it will require faith ful administration, and to this end there must be earnest watchers. The year's work has not been marked by any great out burst of revivalism, -which as an irresistible wave has swept over the land. Much as I believe in well-directed efforts to promote a healthy revival of the work of God, I believe that results to the Church may from persis tent individual effort be as great as the periodic and spasmodic effort of a short period of the year. Depend upon it, the Church will accomplish her mission just in proportion as her ministers and people recog nise individually the obligation to extend her influence and bring within her pale those who are without by a peerless godly consistency and burning zeal to win souls. If the spirit of Christ actuates life, then in every sphere the power of the gospel will be' felt as purity abashing vice, as a light chasing away darkness, as a life divine in its charac ter touching the dead and raising into beauty and goodness. Oh, for the spirit of holiness to be diffused among the people ! I rejoice that in some degree it is, and it is through this principle that by the grape of God we have attained our present position among the Churches of this land. As indicating that a good degree of vitality exists a lew facts may be stimulating as well as encouraging. From the returns furnished me by the several Dis tricts I gather that we have 7,748 members, with 443 on trial, who are under the care of 401 class-leaders. In our Sunday-Echools we have 18,293 scholars, who are instructed by 2,347 teachers and office-bearers. The atten dants at our public worship, including children, are 46,524, who are ministered to by 66 ministers and 396 local preachers. I deem it fitting here to express the obli gation of the entire Church to this latter body, who so devotedly, and often in tbe spirit of Belf- sacrifice, traverse the country in dispensing the word of life. May a glorious succession arise which, keeping abreast of the times in mental culture and holy fervour, maintain the prestige of their fathers. We have erected nine new Churches during the year, and the cost, with other buildings, has been £10,682. The amount raised by us for various Church purposes in the colony has totalled the magnificent sum of £38,897, and this, in view of the depres sion which has borne so heavily upon all classes, indicates the depth of interest felt by our people in sustaining the work of God. It will, I am sure, be a source of regret that the membership returns do not indicate a substantial advance. This in part is no doubt due to the large numbers who have left the colony, but with such au earnest ministry and associated workers, surely we have a right to expect greater results. And the question why ha3 there not been? naturally arises, while there are causes which under any condition of life meets the workers for Christ. I think that the intense love of frivolous pleasure which has seized on all classes has been a great hindrance to the spread of a deep and fervent piety. This has, no dcubt, been ac celerated by the money-making spirit which has been so rampant of late years, leading to rash speculation and an inflated paper currency which has brought its own reward. As an . observer of the work ing out. of principles, or tracing cause and effect, I cannot resist the con viction that the much-to-be-deplored de pression is due in a large measure to causes which might have been averted — (1) the un righteous land speculating mania of the last few years ; (2) a want of confidence between labour and capital ; (3) extravagance in the social and domestic habits of the people ; (4) the loDg-credit system in vogue in busi ness circles, reaching down from the mer chant to the day labourer ; (5) improvidence and drink. How far all the Churches are cul pable in net raising a stronger warning voice on these various points is not for me to say, but I do say that no succession of good seasons for our cereal productions, or re munerative return for our minerals, or demand for our manufactures will secure permanent prosperity if there is recklessness and prodi gality in national and social and individual life. God i3 teaching us lessons ; let us not be slow to receive them, and we ministers to impart them to others. As watchers on the ramparts of Zion we must be on the alert, and give the warning strong and clear. No ministry will answer all the purposes of God which does not utilize the various phases of human experience to enforce those tenths which are necessary to permeating society with righteous principles. . If through the present humiliation we come as a colony into the recognition of those principles inseparably connected with sound prosperity, our sufferings will bring an ultimate gain. But looking above all material interests, what is the outlook? What the great need of our Church, and indeed of all the Churches ? It is a deep and widespread revival of vital godliness. It is pleasant to contemplate generosity, to con serve the varied interests of the Church, to have peace in our borders ; but we must not forget that the Church is to be aggressive, winning as she has done from the moment of her birth triumphs over doubt and scepti cism, changing the blasphemer into an apostle, the worldling into one with deep spiritual impulses, the vicious into virtuous, the children of the devil into the children of God. It must be by the pre sentation of the grand gospel of Jesus in all simplicity of spirit, meeting the sophistries of the captious with a blameless life, the 'science falsely so called' which opposes itself to all revealed truth with the demon stration of the perfect harmony between science and revelation, by permeating all moral movements with a ChriBtly principle, leading on in all work which aims at the re clamation_ of _ the debased and debauched, being swift in all movements of philan thropy, by diffusing the doctrine of the divine Fatherhood of all men, and the perfec tion of brotherhood in Christ Jesus. This can only be done by a people whose life is in perfect harmony with the will of trod, in whom the spirit of Christ dwells, whose godliness is self-evident to all observers, so that letting their light shine 'men may behold their good worka and glorify their Father which is in heaven.' Let us strive for this, aad thus prove to be in the succes sion of men whose piety, learning, and devo tion overcame opposition, and secured the glorious victories for Christ which bless the world to-day. Through the arrangement made by the last Conference I have been able to visit a large number of the Circuits throughout the colony, and I desire to tender my most hearty thanks to my brethren in the ministry for their generous forbearance, sympathy, and support during my year of office, and at the same time to recognise the loyal attachment of our laymen, their hearty co- operation, as well as much-appreciated kindness during the year. I earnestly trust that the year ensuing, the grand jubilee year, may be one of unparalleled spiritual prosperity through out the whole Connexion, and that all Churches may experience like precious results. Amen. . ; On the address being concluded, the repre- : sentatives proceeded to the election by ballot of a new President for the current year. The voting was as follows :— The Rev. C. Lane, 23 ; Rev. S. Knight, 18 ; Rev. J. Y. Simpson, 2; Rev. J. Haslam, 1. : The Ex-Presidekt said it afforded him; very much pleasure indeed to be the means of conveying to the Rev. Charles Lane the vote of the Conference, and to express the hope that his year of Presidency might be of great spiritual blessing, both to himself and the Church. His loyalty and devotion to the cause of the Church were well known, and no one doubted that the interests of the Wesleyan body would be dearer to him than his own life. He handed to the President elect the Conference Bible, which was the only rule and standard of faith they had amongst them. (Applause.) The Pkesidest-elect, in returning thanks, said he had been appointed to a position that he never expected to filL The office brought with it both honour and responsibility, and he felt that when a man got honour in the Wesleyan ministry lie alwayBgot more to do. (Hear, hear ; and laughter.) He had consoled himself that he was altogether out of the running. He lived a long way from town, and it would not be easy for him to leave home in the morning and get to the city and transact business and get home again in the evening. However, that matter he must leave over. He did not give himself credit for any organizing ability or capacity to transact business of so important a character as would arise at the Conference. If, however, a pro found belief in the doctrines of old Metho dism as propounded by their forefathers and accepted by the Church qualified him for the post, he thought he possessed it. (Applause.) If a high estimation of the quality of their Church, as delivered to them m its laws and usages, ought to be a characteristic of the President, he knew that he had it. If a deep and increasing interest in the welfare of the young men, with a desire that they should be wiser than their teachers and more able ministers of the Cross of ChriBt should be a characteristic of the President, then he had that. (Applause.) If honesty of purpose and willingness that every man should have his fair say in debate, consistent with dispatch of business— (Hear, hear)— were wanted, he had them. He thought he might go in for liberality of sentiment and dispatch also. He hoped that those who would debate matters at the Conference would have the fullest liberty while they kept to the points, and that they would in turn remember to finish when they had done. (Laughter.) Perhaps he was expected to give a motto, ^ndhewould not give one that could not be accomplished. He' would give one in the language 'oifDr. Pope^'Sanctificatiori unto holiness,' or, in other words, ' a clean leart for a consecrated service.' (Hear, jear.) They did not want any conception of holiness in tne moon, but a holiness apper taining to duty and a heart sincere and full of Christ. They should seek after 'perfect love' and power for service with the Holy Ghost dwelling in them. With a present and full salvation a revival of religion was certain. Perfect love to God and perfect love of their fellow-men— humble, gentle, patient love, as was taught by their fathers should be sought after, and then every day would bring spiritual refreshment and in creased power from on high. He hoped God would save them from bickering, and give them a single eye for His glory. (Hear, hear.) : The election of Secretary, which next took place, resulted in the reappointment for the third Year of the Rev. J. Y. Simpson, who briefly returned thanks. Mr. Simpson re ceived 22 votes and the Rev. J. Haslam 14. The Assistant-Secretaries elected were the Rev8. J. Haslam and W. D. Wylie, while the Rev. J. Nicholson took office as letter-wrf ter. The Rev. R. M. Hunter moved— 'That the respectful and cordial thanks of the Con ference are due and are hereby presented to the Rev. C. T. Newman for his uniform kindness and courtesy, and for hi3 fidelity and efficiency in the discharge of his duties as President duriDg the past year.' They could all subscribe to that resolution, and to a great deal more, and something was also due in the vote to Airs. Newman. (Ap plause). He congratulated the Conference on having appointed so worthy a successor to the ex-President in the Rev. C. Lane, who was gifted with many valuable and remark able faculties. The Rev. J. Y. Simpson seconded, and testified to the indefatigable zeal of the ex President during his term of office. The Rev. S. Knight said that their ex President had distinguished himself by bis originality, evangelical fervour, and business promptitude. He had really been a Bishop to them for £75, and they hoped his suc cessors would continue to do the same amount of work for the same price. (Applause and laughter.) i The Rev. D. O'DoinrELL heartily supported the motion, which was carried. , The President conveyed the vote of thanks to his predecessor, and handed him a Bible as a memento of his term of office. The Rev. C. T. Newman appropriately replied. Thanks were then given to the Secretary, and the proceedings closed. The following are the appointments for next year as recommended by Stationing Committee : — I. Southern District. — Adelaide (Pirie street), R. Morris Hunter, J. Young Simpson (Draper Memorial), Joseph Nicholsop (The barton), William G. Clarke (Parkside), J. Bickford (Supernumerary, Parkside) : Ade laide (Archer-street), Samuel Knight, Thomas E, Thomas, M.A. (Prospect) ; Adelaide (Kent Town), J. Bunting Stephenson, Archibald J. Bogle (Payneham), Thomas Raston (Super numerary, Kent Town) ; Adelaide (Norwood and Magill), James Haslam, Samuel Rossiter (Magill); Adelaide (Brompton), Charles T. Newman; Unley, Henry T. Burgess; Glenelg, David O'Donnell, Charle3 H. Neild ; Port Adelaide and Semaphore, Paul C. Thomas, William H. Rofe (Semaphore); Gumeracha, John Blacket ; Willunga, David S. Wylie ; Clarendon, W. Benson Mather ; Aldgate and Summerton, one to be sent ; Mount Barker, Robert Kelly, Jonathan J. Nicholls (Woodside); Murray Bridge and CalUngton, Home Missionary; Strathalbyn, Joseph H. Hadley; Yankalilla, Walter H. Hanton; Goolwa, Charles H. Goldsmith; Kangaroo Island, Home Missionary; Palmer ston, James R. Bradbury. IL Middle District.— Gawler, Robert S. Casely ; Kapunda, Thomas Lloyd ; Angaston, William Stewart ; Templers and Stockport, John D. Langsford ; Burra, Samuel F. Prior, George E. Rowe ; Clare, James Read, George W. Kendrew ; Auburn, candidate ; Riverlion, B. Gilbart Edwards ; Hanson, Home Mis sionary ; Eudunda, candidate. HI. Northern District. — Melroseu John Nairn ; Wilmington, candidate ; Beltana and Blinman, Home Missionary ; Port Pirie, John N. Mills ; Crystal Brook and Redhill, Thomas B. Angwin, M.A.;Koolunga, Thomas M. Rowe ; Jamestown, James Allen ; Laura, Albert Stubbs ; Terowie, Isaiah Perry ; Port Augusta. Edward Barber ; Quorn, Samuel S. Moncrieff; Oladdie and Walloway (Johns burg), William A. Miilikan; Petersburg, George Hall ; Hawker, Richard Dunstan. IV. Yorke's Peninsula District.— Moonta, Charles Lane, John C. Hill (Moonta Mines) ; Kadina and Wallaroo, William A. Langsford ; Port Wakefield, John Watts; Yorketoyra, Thomas Edmeades ; Minlaton, John Gilling ham, one to be sent ; Maitland, EL Henwood Teague ; Ardrossan, John H. Goss ; Port Lincoln, William A. Bainger; Elliston, Albert W. Bray; Franklin Harbour, Frederick Finch. V. South-Eastern District. — Mount Gam bier, John H. Trevorrow; Narracoorte, William A. Potts; Millicent, Henry C. George: Kingston, William H. Hodge; Border Town, candidate. VI. Western Australia District. —Perth, Sobert W. Campbell, Vivian Boberts (Fre mantle), Edward Holiday (Guildford) ; York, Thomas Bird, William Lowe (supernume rary); Geraldton, Moses Bullas, Alfred P. Burgess (Dongarra); Albany, Thomas A. James j Bunbury, James W. Mouland. ARE THE STATEMENTS ABOUT BIS MARK TRUTHFUL? TO THE EDITOR. Sir— Referring to Clyde's Geography I find that Spain never did claim the eastern por tion of the Caroline Group until the German flag was hoisted on one of the islands. Was this theft ? Germany submitted to arbitra tion. How does the so-called arrogance of Bismarck come in ? Germany is by tele graph reported to have annexed Samoa. Are these reports always correct ? Like most of them they may be countermanded to-morrow. And if correct Germany ha3 a perfect right to seize the group, provided it is not claimed by another civilizedT Power, especially 'at a time when England annexes Burmah by right of power. As a born South Australian, I should like to see Samoa annexed by Australians. lie expulsion of Poles by Bismarck, the statements are again one-sided. I am waiting for papers and further reports to hear the other side. Such is only English practice, isn't it? Well, it is German too. At the same time it is impossible to side with all orthodox Germans who endorse every action of Bismarck, as his experience is bound to have made him one-sided. It is unwarranted on the part of a respectable paper to stigmatize actions as thefts for the mere purpose of influencing the publls mind against one of the parties concerned. Many of our earliest settlers were Germans who are far from upholding each and every deed of the German Government, and it is to these especially that our English fellow-colonists owe some neighbourly consideration. I am, Sir, &c;, SOUTH AUSTRALIAN. [There are many of England's annexations that can equally be stigmatized as thefts.— Ed.] ? 