ECHOES OF MELBOURNE , r ! : (By The Ghost.) Parliament has met, and is once moro in xecess, and tliere has not been the' storm in tlie political world the gutd-nuncs pro phesied, and for which the souls of many! honourable gentlemen thirsted. ., The) 'business' for the transaction of which Sir Henry Loch summoned the two Houses wus simpiy baa guiuermg m 01 uonouraoie members, in order that the formal swearing in might bo accomplished, a preliminary a'equisite to enable the State coffers ..to! furnish the Assembly with the monthly' ?cheques with which Victoria stimulates ? the patriotism of hor legislators. Under, the circumstances it would have savoured ' .somowhat of ingratitude had the opponents of tho Government ' too , severely criticised ?the unconstitutional course it has doubt less taken of calling Parliament together ' for the despatch of business' without submitting their policy iii a'speoob. from the throne.'. It was, rib' dpiibtj some latent feeling of this sort that induced the Opposition to consent to '; the two, months' recess asked for by'Mr. Gillies.' l; '' ,'? Had the adjournment asked for by 'the Ministry been seriously opposed it is diffi cult to see how the advocates of Btrict ndhesion. to British; Parliamentary pre cedent' could have been controverted. On ?a, iormer ouuusiuju, wnuu iu wu,a propuscu i*u take a similar course ,to the one just adopted, the present Attorney-General was loud in his denunciation of the illegality of 'the action of Ministers,1 quoting 'May, arid Todd, and Hatsell in support of his argu ment. 'At , the, beginning of every new Parliament,' then quoted' Mr. , 'VVrixon, and of every session after a prorogation, the cause o£ summons must be declared to both Houses, either by the sovereign in person or by com mission srs appointed to' raptesent him, in a speech ' frbui ' the throne! Until this has been done neither House can enter upon any business.'- It is difficult to see. how Mr. Wrixcn could have 'explained away' his former utterances. But political lawyers have ere this successfully cracked harder legal' nuts, and, doubtless, the principal law officer of the Deakin-Gillies combination troupe would have wriggled somehow out of his self-constructed dilemma. The] 'screw' of honourable members, being at .stake, they could afford to be generous, aridso the Government obtained its two months' respite. At the expiration of that period Greek will meet Greek, and then will come the tug of war. The ' bandits,' as the Argus has already christened the Opposi tion, mustered strongly, and the compact phalanx, of, 26, seated to Mr. v Speaker laylor's left, evidently 'intend making matters lively . for the , Government; ' Everything,' the proverb, says, /'.coines to those who '.wait,' ( and ; at , is ' already pretty evident ^that the Opposition; /unless +limr nra n*ni1r.v nf trr*r\aa Tilnn/loiMTifv twill not have very, long to wait, , before . .the: ono thing they desire— -office— is j ?within, {their grasp, and when 'the Government falls— as fall it undoubtedly will ere six months have gone by— it will not perhap3 be in consequence of its policy — for, like all.coali tions, it really has none — but simply because there will be a, general ?feeling prevalent that the present holders of portfolios, or, at all events, tho heads of the Coalition, have already had a full share of I the sweets of office ; that turn and turn about is only fair play, and that after four years' endur ance of 'the cold shades' a little sunshine ought to warm the outsiders. ' ,. Dissatisfaction still continues rife in regard to the , Early Closing Act. In- the case 'of this legislative fad familiarity is breeding contempt', arid where the law is not openly evaded- it is grumbled at, or surreptitiously .defeated. The metropolitan journals are teeming with- letters from suburban ' ruined Rhopk'eepers,' who now find it impossible' to make both' ends ' meet. There is a process known as killing people' by kindness, and: this the late Parliament; has doubtless carried out. It'1 needs no great gift of prophecy to be able to foretell that a large portion of theTthne '.of ' the coming session 'will be ' spent in undoing the legislative work.' 'of the preceding : one. The -experience the colony 'of : Victoria has had, in. her attempts at ' grandmotherly ' legisla . tion are ha*dly:-ofa kind'to' tempt 'her ?neighbours to follow her example. Had' the Licensing Act, the 'Factories Act, and one or two otherjemanatioris of [the Parlia . mentary wisdom of last session, tongues, how truthfully could they use, the, language of the bard of all time-— ,,,'.':?: ' ':? , And so from hour to hour we ripe and ripe, . ' And thon frohn /hour to hour we rot and rot, ; And therebyrhanga a tale ! '''.'.' . ,'' '? . Victoria is at the present time suffering from an epidemicthat threatens to become as prevalent as the much-dreaded typhoid fever now raging in bur midst. The two 'proximate causes V of the recent out break of testimonial inania are Messrs. Berry and Mirams, the former of whom disappears— let it bo hoped for ever-pfrom our midst, arid .'the latter-named is under going a temporary ? compulsory .retir eruent froui political life. ^Vhy these two gentle men should have been selected as the re cipients of public gratitudoit;is difficult to imagine, and why the President of the Melbourne Chamber of Commerce should have taken up the matter in regard to Mr. Berry, is : still more , incomprehensible.: Until Mr. Berry turned Conservative, on joining the Service Coalition ', his mission in the colony was to set labour against capital, array class against class, and arouse the worst passions of the lowest and inost ignorant section of the com munity. As one of the authors of ' Black Wednesday' he earned undying obloquy, and as the chief advocate of the narrow policy of isolation that will ultimately prove the chief bar to the federation of the Australasian . colonies into... a glorious southern empire, he stands conspicuous. As for Mr. Mirams,- that political stormy petrel, lie , was -brought, into being on' a, wiive of turbulent ' excitement in 'the evilj . days of /1877, and has been chiefly notorious' owing to his capacity for obstruction. . He it i; was; - who roused' -the, 'working, 'classes against Mr. Service, by circulating! thousands of : handbills attributing to that gentleman the utterance that 'five shillings', a week and life in a tent ' was quite good i enough i forv.thei' Viotorian working' man. ! It is certainly a reflection on. the sanity of) the community when men of this class are presented with illuminated addresses ' and services of plated Perhaps in Mr. Berry's case,, the idea :that the : colony is ' getting rid of him for over underlies : the ' feeling of the subscribers, and this may1 perhaps account for the ;f act that while in his favour contributions are coming? in pretty i freely, in the ; case /.of : Mr; Mirariis. the affair is hanging fire, and may result in a fiasco. Anyway,, Viotoria should be as glad at being -rid of ; tho pair as was Sinbad the Sailor at. finding -himself relieved; of the' burden of ,th'e-Qld 'Man of the; Sea. . ;? ;,.',MarciiVi9'... -.',''. ??'?'?'.??' '{?„?? ?,'? ! ,'?'-.-'.. 7'.'., ?? 'Z' '? 'The 'Bad and WorthijesV are :never imitated or cdwiterfeited. '''This' is espe cially true of a family medicine, and it is positive' proof that the remedy imitated is of ttie 'highest value.1 . As sppn'as it'had'been tested and proved by the whole world that Hop Bitters were the purest] best; arid'most valuable, family ._ medicine , on earth, 'many imitations' sprung up arid began to' steal the notices in which the , Press . and the people of the country1 had expressed1 the merits 'b'f H.' B.','and in every way trying to induce ' Bu'ffo'ring'.uivalids' to use'their stuff instead, expecting . to . make money on the credit and good 'name of H.;B. Many others started nostrums put -up in similar style to/H., :.B.,. with-, variously, devised names in which 'the word ' 'H6p'((qr 'Hops' ?. were, j used: in ia/way -to induce people to believe they we're the same as 'Hop Bitters. All such pretended remedies or cures, no matter Vliat their style or names are, and .especially, those with the words 'Hop' or 'Hops' in their names or in any. way ^connected; with them , or, their name,s are imitations or ' counterfeits. Beware of ..thorn. T Touch none of them. Use nothing but genuine ' American Hop BitterSj with a cluster of green Hops on the white label, ' and Dr. Soule's name blown in the glass. Trust nothing else. Druggists arid chemists are warned against dealing in imitations or counterfeits. 