CAULFIELP. A dull calm morning. There was an earlv muster, Mr Leek being tho first to lead off with Kenneth, who covered the Cup distance at a good servlceab e gallop, the son of Murioyrnong doing his work freely. Master John, looking as fresh as a kitten, brushed aiongior j or lunongs on too eanu. ucckwitli being treated to medium work, finishing up strong. Louise Rertaaud Eugenostrodeaionglncouiiiauvfor fi furlongs lu goodstrle. Canarvonandltetortgalioped five furlongs iu good time, the latter, who is iu the Caultlcld Guineas, flubbing homo alone. Lady Ashtou put In two or throe rounds, n good swinging canter, Union doing similar exorcise. Tlio Loafer und Mclobcagri were restricted to a mild turn or two. Gcraldine and Bonnie tad pur iu couplo of rounds over Iho schooling hurdles. Tho pair moved uiong at a good fair pace, ami jumped well. Others of this string were sent suUabfo work. Ben Bolt was sent a useful working gallop over a mile ami a half. Chticketcr aecoiiq>an,ring him tho first mile, Lnndo taking him along tliu luet half mile, the Cup favorite moved freely, and pulled up sound and welt. Western and Bridegroom ran a useful mile, as aslo. did Whitebait. Wnrtlcld, Anarchy, and Ambassadress wero each sent good Ktrlding work overlive furlongs. Tlio .Sussex horse put iu a couplo of turns ou the Can at half pace. "..Highland Chief, accompanied by Blondhi the last seven furlongs, strode along over the Cup distance for good useful work, the 60» of Nii|>oleoii going well. Littlo John, accompanied bv Jack and Jim Cain at different points of tho journey, put lu n mile aud a half for good work, tlio sou of Hamlet not pleading tho spectators. King of tlio Weit, Urncclus Emirls, and others of Mr Moran's team were sent medium and half pace Silvcrmlno and Bonnie Doun moved once round for a good working gallop, tlio eon of Napoleon moving us free 11 8 the air. Chargo und Faithful brushed along for fourorflvc furlongs. Lady Love! and Glcutworth strode along for three furlongs hi company. Tho Clmtitcr put hi eoiuo mild exercise on tho tau. Grace Darling travelled onco round forgood striding work, Crane bearing her conqnuiy the lost four fur longs. Hot Iron, Gadfly, and MUUtream brushed along in company for four or flvo furlongs, the lattercasiny oil after going a couple of furlomrs. The Ghost put iu a Etroug five fnrlongs alone in ids usual takingstylo. Empress pottered along for quiet exercise. Preston put hi a round, moving along smartly the first mile. Ccstus aud Alexandra spurted for three or four fur longs. Clarendon moved along for a good working gallop over a mile and a half, St, Albort striding along witli hhn tlio last 0 or 7 furlongs, Young lloratio put in a useful mile, while Maori Chief was treated to mild exorclso. First Pop, Footumn, Borkloy, Alhanus, undCaolaml were each treated to useful exercise on tlio snnd. Crown Brand and Lund Shark put in a strong round 011 thu sand. Nowu taster, Gasburnor, Pocahontas, Umbcrto, and Townlcy were put through medium to half-pace work 011 tho tan ami sand. Carnival, Epicurean, and several othor two-ycur-olds cantered nnd spurted. Cnmerine, Meerschaum, nm! Day Star briuhod along for good strong work over five furlongs. Alax and Burnett) put iu several mild turns on tiie Louis IL and Dclnmia both did mild exercise on thu tan, brushing homo from tlio turn Dougulston, tlrs Stag and Violet cautored. New York strode onoo round Iho grass about three quarter pace. Cricket, PaUciico nnd Lottery were put through some half paco work 011 tho tan. 