PUT ASUNDER: on. 7 - ; LADY OASTXjEMMNE;S DIVORCE. IfloveHst, By. BERTHA M. OLAY, Author or 11 ins one mistake," thrown os xnc .WORLD," 11 A BTttUqaLE FOB A BIKO," dittkr. atonement," etc. chapter xxiv. tiie little seed. " May I ooieo in I" raid Isabel Hyde. " Yes," Lidy Castlemelno hastened to answer. " I wee longing lor yon. Yon can to, Janet,", said too young oonnteaa to her maid. - ' ... . Tliorc could bo no prottior pioture than tbo interior - of that dressingroom, -with, its hundred treasures- of ore, its lnxnriona disarray. Lady Oastlomaino, in n dressing-gown of \- pale-blno silk, omhroidsred ,in white .flowors, - her long, golden hair lying liko a veil-over her -. shoulders, -was one .of the lovoliost piotures. Tho ruddy glow of the firelight fell fall npon her, and doopencd the delicious tinta of her . face, hor eyes; her hair, tad her drees. Bho .-. pointed to a chair. . - t - - . . . "Sit down, Isabel," she said. "X was \- longing to s<!o yon. . I have oomo to this con- olusion, that the greatest ltixary: on earth is - to havo ono'shair well brnahed alter a long ; night-s dancing." .... -. .U i- ' BriiBhing your hair isi nolight task; it is ; no abnndant," Sbid Isabol, passing her hand oareBoiDgly.ovor tho. shining waves.' Carres-' . singly: bat. tho thought was that some day that saintly, queenly head wonld.be humbled . .to the dnst. - : , 'b ; \- I ohall not mind it if X fall with hor," eho: .;smd to horsolf, " provided .only that- sho falls." . . - -And tlioro was ovor before ber, both by day . . nnd.by night, a picture of a queenlyWhito Rose (Allen into the dnst and the mire— with , ered, laded, and dead. : " \- - 1 Nono of. thoto' thoughts wore written in her . feoo; that was amlling and bright onongh, as sho said : . -. " It was not about tho luxury of bair- \- dressing you wonted to. see mo, . Gertrude ?" . "Indeed it wosnot," laughed Lady Castle- : maino. "I wanted to tell yon how mnolil 1 enjoyed my oonvoraation with n great hero. Doyott know, Isabel, ho seomaquito different ; from other men." ;< Ho is difleront,". said -Miss Hyde, with o peculiar smilo. "Ho yon really liko him?" "I do; very mnoh indeed ; ho interests mo groatljl. io ho married. Isabel ?". "No,'' ropliod Miss Hydo. "Suta man na' Golodol Lennox novor marry." : ' ' : "But enroly he loves somo one. I cannot imngina 0 bravo knight without' a- fair lady." . ,'tThero is nouo in this case," said Mfes . Hydoi "or -I -should hiivo. hoard of it. It -Colonel Lennox were to devote himself to any ; woman, that woman wonldtbo' (or the timo queon ol all lashionabio London." ' . . " Why do yon not enter tho lists, Isabel ?" \- nsked Lady Castlemauoe. Sho held tbo ehin- . " ing waves of 'hair in : her hand,- and waa- . wotohing the goldon ;hne.- " Yon would win, I am enre." -- . .. ' i "I might," said fsahol, barolenaly; "bnt- /- although I havo , a great , admiration for Colonol Lonnox, he is. not tbo kind of man I yh'ould fall rn lovo with or marry." . - \- " Perhaps not,". , said Lady. Castlomaine; thoughlf ally bnt ha is d great hero, Isabel. : v Do you sco how tho flro'floshes from his eyes? I'shonld liUa for oneo; to' sso him in a rage \- ho would bo something magnifleont.", ' ., ." Something torriblo,"' interrupted Isabel. "I should not like it: BntrGortrifdo, ybn . roally -would liko- to oeo him eomotimcs and talk to him f" . . . -- '.'Yos," onnworod Lady d Oastlomaino j l'I . really ohonld." "Then will yon take a litilondvioo from me, Gertrude ? Yon will novor regret it. Yon would -liko to bo on friondly. terms with Colonol Lonnox— to nek him to . your hallo and parties ?" , " I ohould," replied Lady. Castlomaine. . " And you will be able to do 00. He may ovon beoomo tho tamo oat of tho honoo.if yod . will follow my advioo, Gbrtrudo." "Lot pio hear it first," said Lady Castle.' mamo. .- 'f SaiJ mthinij aloui Ziim yiiit at first to Lord Oaitlemame." ' .:. :-> " But wby not?" nok'od' Lady Oastlomaino. Why not, Isabol.?" ' "I will tell yon," she ropliod. She drew tbo shining waves of golden hair throngh hor own hands, and -there was a strange,' palo'. , smilo oronnd hor lips' as sho answered ; " I will toll you; for, with all your quickness lind' your oleverness,' you do not understand tho - world no woll as I do; I will toll you, Gert rude. Although Colonel Lennox, is . the hero : of ths day, tho great man of tho hour—. : although ho is one of tho finest of Ijlor Majesty's officers, ther'o are just 'a .low popplo with whom ho is not popular." - ! v "Thoy aro. jealous -of him,", said ; Lady . 'v Oastlomaino, : "It inev ha that," was tho diplomatic reply, " Colonol Lonnox holds strong polit- < loal opiniona o! his own. Ho urgeda oortoin; line of-ooniluot dntiug tho Zulu war whioh inqds him onomico." ' "That is not ju9t," oried Ladjr Costlo- tmoino. ..'-j , , ' i ; "It io'hot; jiiet; hat low things .'orb In this' : elrangoly. managed world," said Isabel; .and- oho nit her lips as sho thought- of a certain injustice done lo her. . "Mon- 'fOrm :Btroug- opinions, on euoh ntattoro," oho continued, " and theybfton hold .. . bitter projndiocs againot caoh other." Not one- word of tho real: stories against his cbnraoter. whioh wonld havo made Lady Caetlemoiiue disliko him ; not ono whisper of that moral turpilado which would havo mado him dlctastoful to her. Sbo did not ovon-hlnt . at the reasons why thoso.who disapproved of hie vices passed on ths. other sido of ths road \- and hold out no hand to him. If Lady Castlemaina had even heard one of , thoso torriblo Btories about him, sho would \- havo dcolincd to meet him', and would havo known that bbr horo-worehlp- was wasted; But tbo improsaion so cleverly convoyed to her was that Ooloncl Lonnox was eceontrio or peouliar in his lino, of politics, and so drew \- on himself, the Aislibo of thoso who did not .'think as ho did. Tho whole world mast ' admlro him as. a brave eoldler, a man of magnificent, eobrago ; bnt all' men did not of. , necosaity admhp hie polities.' , ' ' "But, Isabol," ehoBaid," althongh Radolph takes f.bo greatest interest in polities, ho' : wonld never bo Bo unfair ae to dielike' such a man be Colonel Lennox on hcoonnt of his opinions, lot thom ba what they may." . .. " I do not'say that he diellkcs him, that la . going too' far ;-I merely say that I havo noticed in Lord Caetlcmalno a Bhadow of diBlikoto jhirn.'a faint Bhadow;'! - " I have Dover oven hoard him mention ing nomo,'' cried Lady Castlemainb. ' ' ' ' " Nor havo I," said Isabel. " It was by hia perfect silbneo. whon the colonel's nomo waa mentioned, and tho exproeelvo ehrng of his ehonlders that I know Lard' Oastlemaibo did not like him." . y- r " You aro quick, and hava'a keen inBtinot, I know," said LadyCoatlemAlno ; "bnt ovon if it so, why Bbould-I euro? I do not like all of Rudolph's friends; nor do I expect hiin to like ull mino." - . ' ' " At. last— at lost 1" . Isabel oonld hardly withhold tho rapturous ory, that roeo to hor . lips. \ . - Horo was th'o small seed Aown in good ground— it aho could but ehorish it, eoltlvato ft— watah it until it grew in'to.a strong plant. Bat sbo mast bo careful— bcr fiagers mast not grasp it too lightly, or It wonld perish —sho mast not guard it 'with breadth of flame or it would die." - , . " No," sho replied, slowly, " that is quito an explodcd idea— indeed, tho Castlomaine idea bf matrimony is altogether out of dato. Hus band- nnd wlfo in theeo days ohoosa tbolr ro- epootivo friends and go odoh in his or hor own way." "I wonld never choose a friend whom Radolph did Hot liko though," said . Lady Castlomaine. Ah) littla sead yon aro. hardly strong enough to plant at present I / "Of conrsa not," said Isabel, " and tbls Is why I am intruding my advice npon yoa. If yon wcro to go to Lord Castlcmame now, and say to him, 'I have mot Colonel Lennox, and. I likn him, I ohonld liko him to be invitod to' tho .honss,' ho" wonld, with oil tho OaBtlo- . maino obstinacy, reply that ho did net like him, deolino. to invito him, tad there would ot onco bo bivil war. Yon sco that, Ger trude " Yes," she replied, thoughtfully, " I sea It, Isabel." " Whereas, if you aro oaretal and quiet for a ehort timo, you need not havo ono word on tbosnbjeot.'f "Bat what is your advioo?" asked Lady' Castlomaine. "Yotr have not given it to mo yet." . ' \- Rssolate as she was, her lips paled- and tho. hands that , held tho shining : golden' hair trembled, as Ohbpnswered." ' . -"I - should onltivate a friendship with'; Colonel Lennox.without your hnsband know ing it;'not:for long.'jnst forofow days or' yooks.' Then', hen you know'hlm pretty , well, and.- hove -established yonr friendship, your husband \till take it as a matter of course; and there will ba nothing said.". - . " That , seema to mo a weak argument,", sold Lady Oastlemaino. " Still osiyou ore . generally right in whbt. yon think, I will bo gniaed by you; -Bat thbii, Isabel, Radolph' is.': always outwith-uB.' . : ' -"Not always; ' You often drive alone' in- tho park ; at sftornoon tss Lord Oastlbfn'sino is soldom proSent ; he has hia olufi engage ments'; you go ot timoslo balls without him, and sbmotimeB to the. opdrs." : "I : did not . know that I ; was so often', parted from him," said tho. young wifo, hall sadly. " ; \- Isabel Hyde Had-tho sense to know that Bho had Boid onongh.; Bho was : wise 'enough to. know.that another .word wonld mako Lady Caotlomnlno espouse hot hnsband'a oanso, and refuse the friendship.of a- man whom, he did . hot like;: She ,tnrned the conversation to quite ; another subj'eot, but - sho knew from the ox; pression of thought on tho bountiful face that the seed Bho had dropped bad fallen on good ; ground. No truer.or more faithful wife lived than -. ady Castlomaine ; she .had no thought, no interoat, ho care away from her husband ; . Bhe loved him with truo and tender love. : ' '; Bnt thoro was jast a.spioa ofrornonoohere that captivated her fanoy— to form a friend ship with this. magnificent man who was a great horo. Therowas a gleam oi. romanco -m it,.and:fihe. had' not' the faintest idea, of ovil orharm. ' Bho was to mako frionds with him first, and toll her husband afterwards, wheh ehe know him well; , ' . . ' Isabel talked to hor of tho coming masque rade to be .hold at Raneloigh Houbo, to . be given by tho Duohess of Ranoleigb, and whioh .' was to. bo the leading/ete.of the season. ' "Have'you deoidea nbont ooatumo yet?" sho-'abked' '' , ' " ' "No ; I have not begun to think of it yet. Should wa go as Rebecca and Rowona, lea -bet 1". . . ""With only. ono'Ivanhoo botween ue/' Bho roplied, laoghingly,- . " Oh, no, Gertrude, wo iinust think of someihing bettor'than that;" She didhotfall asleep till morning dawn; for in her fanoy, all night long, she was watohing the growth of the littloseodsho had sown. . ,»' CHAPTER XXY. inr, onowm or Tins beed. During, tho noxt fow days, no mattor.whbro ; Lady Oastlemaino went or whom eho mot, tho oonvoraation always turned on Colonel Lennox, his bravery, and hia adv'onturos. < Tho nine-day's wonder had not died out; ho was etill a great hero; , No now scandal had been told of him, and thoro' wera soma people who believed , that1 - rnmor had been exaggerated. . One thing .waa buito certain— any lady whom ho ndmirod be came the fashion. : Ho; was an, authority on ' .tho suhjeet of feminine beauty, as on polltias 'andwar.1'/ ' At first'pcopla did not hotioa his' devotion to Lady Qaatlemaine. At first they -mot but raroly. Lord Oaetlcmaiuo was his wife's bhadow ; ho was still too muoh in - lovo with her to be bafipy.fc.r one moment when he was away from bor ; ho dislikod all thoea engage ments that kept him from hor oidoTbut there . , .woro times when it woo quito unavoidable. It difi hot etiiko Lady Caetlemaino, either, . how strange it waa (bat whenever sho went out without her huoban'd tho oolonol was ' by < her sido ot once. ' ; '' . ' ' Lord Oastlomaino oonld, not go to tho. Dnohoss bfRanelbiHli'p ball.' 'It was only at tbo lbBt minnto bo fodna.Jio must go to Ports- month to Bay "Bbod- by" to an old friend who was saih'ng away. ' ' LadyCaetlemaiho and Ieabol wont together ; thoy bod agreed to dress ao -ao to roproBont their old oharaaters— tho Whito Resound tho 1 Red Roso.' 1 Lady Oaollemniho looked eopeoi- ally- cbarming. She wore a wliitu eilk, riobly embroidered- with fine peofls and ' trimmed with oproys of whito roseB ;: she woreo whito 'rosebuds round tho hook of hor drees, and. a lovely whito rase, the ideal of herself,' nestled In tho coils of golden hair. A gcnoral mnr- mar of admiration followed her ontranea into tho crowded ball-room. - Tho ooetomo of tbo-Rod Roeo waa qaito as groat a aucocss. Tbo dark, poesionato beauty of Isabel nydo had nover showed to suon -advantage as in tho oxqoisilo dross of palo roso ells, ancl its elaborate trimmings ot deep red roses. Sbo wore a small wreath of damaak roeca in horhsir. - Sooicty smilcd nt seeing its two favourites in their , lsst year's oharsotera. Two .moro beautiful women never entered a ball-room. '' Strange: to' any; although on the Saturday moroinr, whon thoy met, Colonel- Lennox told Lady, Oastlemaino ba ohould not b'a at tho ball, thero be was, -advanalng to moot heir, with, a smilo on- that bold, handsoma faco of his, before whioh, if she bad. been a wiser woman,' sho would havo fled, or died. \- Sho was . surrounded, as uoual, by a littla orowd of coailiero; ho towered abovo them all; . :- -' . Ho took.tho Jowoled tablets from ber hand inhismoet graceful and courtly fashion. ' " I mean., to bo selfish, to-night," ho said ; and Lady Oastlemaino saw that ho had placed His nanSo against tvery wans. She shook her bloodo head gravely at him, and what ha ' thought tho : familiarity of tho grobefpl gettnrb intoxicated him. There was aepieoof romancoabont it all that amnecd her; it wad the old story of Herenles and the distaff, of Cleopatra and Matk Aniony, over again. To the feminine mind, there will always be something delight- fal in tho conquest of Strength and bravery. : Lady Caetlemaino had not tho faihtost BDjpioion of evil. . She had Kgtotted With most bittof regret that her husband had not beenabioto aeeompany her; hut therowas something of romanco in tho fact (hot overy . timo tho music of a waltz sounded this splendid colonel immediately sought her. Sbo had no idea of doing anything that was in tho least 'degree; imprudent or unseemly; but he obarmed ber so that sho forgot everything else, and longed for hts conversation again. Thcro wa3 never a wooer so eloqaent as ho. ! He told her stories, aneedotto, adventures, somo full of rollioling fun, somo of infinite pathos — all pure ns thouch ho. had been con verting with on angil. But they interested and amuEod her ; and when ho left, sho looked forward with eagerness to their next inter view. . \- Ho danced with her so often this ovening, and made hirarelf en conspmuous by bis do- vol ion to her. that I.-abel thought it prudont to administer a warning. It would 'not do for etranen or untrained bands to foroo this seed, which eho had sown with aaoh cam. "Gortrudo," eho whispered, "I wonld not danoa again with Colonel Lennox." " Why ?" she oskod, impatiently. " Tho reason is obvious, " said Misa Hyde. "That waa your third waltz, and pcoploara beginning to look at yon." "To look at mo 1!' cried Lady Castlomaine. "What for? Why should thoy look at ino ?" Isabel Hydo thiugged.hor ehoaldors. - ".Yoa know how peoplo talk," sho said. " Sopposo that to-morrow somo one jests be fore Lord Oastlomaino' stoat thenambarof timos you havo waltzed with that handsome colonol. You would not liko it?" ' " No," she roplied, elowly. 'f I might not 1 liko it, but I do not.seo that it oould matter mnob." . - ... As it waa in this, case, bo in overy other ; no mattor. where ahe appeared, there, sooner or later, came Colonol Lennox. I oould almoBt believe," eho said, laugh- ingly,". to 'him onemorning, "that you must; reosivo a telegram from the, birds to soy whon and where I am going.'' . . V. Bho did. not notice the sudden flush on hia faoo, nor tho Btill more saSpioiona foot that; Isabol Hyde bad "turned quickly aside, as : though sho did not oure to hear the words. ; Twieo when sho waa oat in the park, once , ot si garden party, and onee at tire Zoologioal -Gardens, she had met him when she ;was with Isabel;, and ho. had made so muoh of those ooeasiens thpt she began to look npon him aa an old friend. . . . sho had nover meorit any oonoealment, any disgaiso, any. deoeit; least of all had sbo thought in any way of -keeping sooieta fcom -her hnsbtad; ahe had merely oaralessly fal-' lowod-' Isabel's words— not to speak to her hueband just at first about .it. Bho waa too young and too guiloless of- heart to think mnoh of it, or to sco any evil in it.- - - Sho was now on qaito friendly terms with hiin; : Bho bad met him twice at Lady Ores- - son's- at' five o'clock tea, and they talked on hntil Lady- Caetlemaina- had been compelled ' to drivo home'quiokly, and had a vary narrow,' ceoapo of being late for dinner, v' I Sho -was' lass on her guard, ndw, tad after . dinner, -during a,long conversation whioh. took place on tho different stations of. men, their difloront employments and profe'esions, Lady Castlemaina said, suddenly : .' " I. liko soldiers best. If I were a man, I wonld neither bo a lawyer, a dootor, a poli- tioian', nor anything elso, bnt a soldier." , : - It was carious how' etrango aailonoo fol- ' lowed this remark. Lord Oastlomaino looked at his wifo. " You huVo few opp6rtunitiea of studying tho difleront proteesions, Gertrude. ; What makes yon eay that?"' \- Bho : was. obnsolous in , one moment of her. own indieorotion; end hastened to ooyer-it;-. " Soldiera are beroefl," eho said. : Lord Caotlomalna.laughed,. . Yes, they' wero qaita good friends how. - Thoy met with ;smilca, ported with regret thought with pleasure of tho next interviow. On her sido thero was nothing but the fooling of great interest, of 'quiet amassment, cf hero worship; On his, there was the- ooneoioas. noes that ho loved for tho first timo In his life, tad with all the desperation of a man's first. poBsion. - . V - ; \- Verily, the little seed whs growing, and wonld soon bo a strong plant I . Thon ho'beoamo impatient to boo more 'pf hor, tad that could not bo ; done unloas. ho know, hor husband, and. oould .call at tho house. . ... i . " Tho Lady 'of Noath,',' ho ealled hor in hie own mind, and ho wished that the dnya of ohivalry woro baok' again, that ho might pto- olaim llimsolf her knight, fight for her, dio for her. All his past wiokod lifo seemed to rise up in vcogoanee against him, now that ho waa earnestly and deep id lovo. . What a wretched past, what ehamef ul memories, what horrible remembrances 1 " , - ' "Bat she will nover know," ho oaid tohim- Self. "No one will tell her. Ia hor beautiful oyes I shall alwoya bo a- groat horo, and I do- siro nomorb.". ' , Bat ho igust eoo hor oltenor; ha oonld no longer boar that a whold twontyffoar hours sbouldpass without ono gllmpsa of her. , , , "I should liko to know Lord'Caetlomaino,".. ho eaid tobor, ono. day. : "Nothing would ho easier," she replied. " Will you introduqa mo, Lady Oastlo- mnino?"ho nskod. .' ' YoS ; Iwill, with pleasure;" she ropliod. , . '"Five o'olook tea is quito on institution "at ; Noath Houbb— will youjoall to-inorrow and take adup with us ?" " I shall be mDstohnrmed and happy," ho .replied. "It is thodesiroof my heart to visit yonr house." Agsind slight frown on hor faoa warned him.. " . . "I havo been told,'" ho dontinuod; '? that: Neath Houso iB ono' of tho finest mansions in ' town, and I admire bcantifjil houBos." , - A straiigo tasto for a soldier," sho ropliod, laughingly. " . : I liko a camp hotter,", he oried. - . But oho would not boluvo him, and play.' fully called liirn a oarpot knight. Thoy laughed ond jestod," and wera mora friondly audmoro familiar than/thoy bad over been boforo. Sbo.was pleased at. the idea that ho shonld visit her, pleased that ha shonld wish to know hor husband ; but thcro yas no timo to.opeak of it. - That evening sho. went to two different balla,. and in tho morning eho was too tired to' re member it. < Sho had been anxious to tell Isa bel), but in. tho varied engagements of tho day she forgot all about it. ' As events turned out, it did not mnah mat- tor, bat it is poBsiblo that if sbo had told hor husband that morning: who: was to bo hot Saost in the ovening, a tragedy might havo ccn averted. .: CHAPTER XYVI. ' ' . . A five O'clock tea Tho drnwing-room at Neath Honsa was a magnificent room. . It ran along tho 'wbolo length of the building; it bad six largo win- dows that openod into a balcony, which was always filled With fairest flowers, qll tbo flowers Chat: LAdy.. Oastlemaino liked best—; small olnotbrs of wbito lllaos, ths lovely nar cissus, Iho whito daphno, tho whito roso; whito was to'.ba scon overywbera. It was a room bright as ehnshine, flowers, light, and magniilecnco could mike il. . ; 1 ' _ The five o'clock tor; at Neath Honsa was an institntlan, tjat.Lady Castlemaina was very particular as to Who attended. Tho inviiea woro all her own' particular and intimato friends, and sho was much beloved in general society. ' Bho onjoyed soeial lifo. To sco herself sunonnded by fair yoang girls, by witty and piquant matrons, Was a pleasure to her. Bho enjoyed these littla reunions. Sha . liked to hoar tbo lost anecdotes, tho last how novel discussed, tho last new fashion commented npon; thonawest engagement, tho last fash ionable marriage— all woro conned over with many a merry laugh and jest. Tho ladies ware pooh pretty dressos, tho oolors were so baautilal, tho soand ot the silvery voices and laughter was so sweet. . Lady Castlemaino's teas were famous; those who had been onco longed to go again. On this Evening, when Colonel Lennox was to. pay his first visit, to tho hoaso, Lady Castlomaine looked more lovely than usual. Bho was thinking a littlo of him whan she choso that most exquisite of tea gowns, which was a combination of pale-blno velvet and wbita satin. It was .impassible to tell where ono bfgan and tho other endod. On her golden bair lay the lovoliost little pioturo of a oap ; her whito hands shone with jewels. Tho littlo table before her was a poem in itself; the old-fashioned silver scrvico, tho Sevres ohina, ; dclicato and bcantitul as flowers; the fragrant- toa, with thick,- rich oream fresh from the country ; and Lady Oaatlamaino,' while sbo dispensed tea" with her own fair hands, led ths oonvoraation. Bhe was ths wittiest, tbo qniekeat at repartee in all that brilliant band of beantilul women. Isabel Hydo wore a toa gown elaborately conttrnated of fawn-oolored velvet and roso- plnk silk, tho soft tints of whioh madoher faoa look tbo brighter. < There was only ono drawback to the .porfeot happiness ot tho beautiful mistress, of that splendid honso as she sat thero, and it was 'that her Husband was absent. '.All har'favo, rito frionds wore present. Miss Hyde, who was'stfil visiting Neath House; the young and most vivaoioas Countess of Erksdale, who oonld talk twiao' as. muoh and twioe as long as any other lady ; thero was the beauti- f ill and bright yoiuig matron, the Dnahess ot Westwater, who bad tbo candid blue eyes of a ahild; with a mind tall ot wit and misohicf ; thero was the sweet-.faoed, sentimental .Lady . Bnohahah, who thought hothiog 'mofo'aub- 1 ' stahtidl'tbah flowers worth disoiissing; Lady: Eaatlake, the- loader of the msthdtioohooV who almost died of a snoflowor and-went into eestaoies over a lily ; thoro was the lively tad ooqnettlsh yonng Mardbionsss of l?cathord, who , mado war ail- ronrid; her eyes,' like arrows, pierced thd hearts of the men who gazed npon her, - and 'she had. nothing what ever. to ofler them by way of oonsolatiOn ; there .was Miss Grantly, " the famous hoirdss,- .who never opened hor maujh .bat' to utter an epigram ; there was tho famous poet, .Oswald rolyde; the writer of the last now poom, wbiah had driven tbo poetry- loving portion of tho pnblio mad. ' Nelthor'wit, wisdom, nor bsauty was want ing, and Lady' Castlo'maino, as". she gracefully dispensed tho Bovros oups, seemed io hold all . the . threads of tho conversation in her own hands; it ; was .Ahs- who pointed tho sharp arrows .of wit; it was aha who nailed forth: tho thoughts arid ideas of others ; it was she : who .seemed to bring hor visitors, more' to-, getber, mind to mind. Isabel looked at her with oyes of. envy. " VI ohonld have been just snob, another.' hostess," oho said to herself, " if thoBQ rooms -had been mine, as they onght to havo been." , There was a ellght Btir when Colonol Len nox: was announced. : Most of the ladies ;knaw: him well. The Daohoss of Webtwator admired him, arid hbr b)aa eyes wore never more b'eahtllai than when they, wore raised - . with the , candor of > ohildhood to hit. Lady :EaStldko sighed at tho montion of hia dame ; thoro waa notbmg ol tho msthotlo about him; Tho MorohioneBs of Heatharb. dolightcd in him ; isho' liked, hia- stories/his. adventarcs,: and hot being, one of jtho most sornpulons. . of womankind, did not diBliko : him any'tha mora for- hisbharaoter of a gallant man;-. " Colonel Lennox looked neither to tho yightj nor to ths left ; ho went to tho' beautifol hob- ! -toss,.fohnda seatby her sido, and ashed for a onp of too , from her hands.;, She gave it to him. . : " Ho enjoyed tho wholo sitnation ; thomagnj- flcont room, . with' its wealth of -frbgrant flowora ; the beautifol and witty' women, tho 'Olbvbr.mcnVhe enjoyed tho 'oonveiBatio'n;:tho wit, tho repartee. . . Under cover, of a general laugh, raised by . the MarehioncBS; of Heathers, Isabel bold to. Lady Castlsinaino : ; "Yoa did not toll ino that Colonel Lennox waa coining." : .: .. "No," was tho frank reply ; " I forgot." : . : ' Forgot f;',.Tlid'woid. mado .Isabol shudder. If oho had indeed forgotteo, evidently her mind was hot filled by him. . : . " Ho wants to know Rudolph," uho con- tinned, curolcsely, " and I thought this a yory pleasant timo for nn introduction. " "There could be. none better," replied Isabol. On tho table noar hor lay a epray of whito lilao, that oomo barclesB lady had let f aU from a bouquet ; ' eho ' raised .it and bold it to her lipa the words .sho whispered into it.wcro tho". somo as those Bho had uttored in the. ohnroh on 'tho -weddlng-dby, and when oho raiaed her face again there wao a smile ;on it. hot good to see. : - - . . . , '"This 'mnBt'.ho a lady's paradise," mid: Oolonol Lonnox. " I wondcr what tho world did boforo tho loxhry of tea wob discovered ?" "Pretty hinoh the same no' it doeo now," eaid Lady Heathers.. "Thcro must always havo been nombtbing to drink," domotbing ohoorfal ond enlivening, ovon for pavagoa." - " Have yon soon tho famons now pioturo at tho Academy, Colonel Lonnox?" . "I havo had oo many ongagomentB," Iio roplied, V that I havo not had timo, to bco ono-half thotj want to oeo." ; \ - BaidLady Wcatlako:, . .' ' " The prettiest sight T. havo sebn 'is tho larga orovO of- chcatnut trcca in Riohmond Pork." .' ":I quito ngrco .with yon, Lady Wostlake," oaid tho poot. ..... Oolpnol'.Lonnox .turned, to hiB .beautiful 'hostess.' ' «;.. , v- : "My bachelor qnartprs are so limited," ho aaid,-"l um most unfortunately prevented from returning tho hoopitnllty pressed upon mo: bat I havo had during,. aud I lehovo original, thoughts of giving a dinner at Rich mond, it I. could persuado ooma kind and graoious Igdy to help me." ' . ' "Yon -would have no diffianlty. in that,'1, she said ; but. ho observed that oho was care ful not to offer her aid. "If I am forlnnnto cnongh -to saoeerd in my eflorts," be said, " you wilt promise to bra tho quden of my littlo festivity At nlaiostinny other time she would havo answered, "Yeo,"/ without - a ' thought, but thoro. oame to hor mind a sudden rcoollecllon, that' nhtil Colonel Lennox- bad been iolro-: dnccd td her' husband ebb oonld not oeoept iraysnoh inritation. ' . "1 muot|havo timo to think of it," oho re plied. "I oholl' livo on tho hops of it," ho said. " I am .Eorry Lord CasUomaino ia not at homo." : "He- was.eonl tor qaito unexpectedly, two honro ago ; hb seldom misses tho tea hoar." "I'ohonld iniagino not, for it io avory happy "one," said Colonel Lennox. ; Ho wanted, Uho possibly oonld, to get hor away from those brilliant people; It' was tho firet timo ho had bcen-at nor honso, and he wanted to mako a Bentimental occasion of it, and she bod no notion of tho hind. How earnestly hb wished theeo pretty women wonld put down thoir leaonps ond go. Barely there had been tea onongh I - For a fow minatos ho almost hetcd -Lsdy.'Heathors, whoso vivo- - oions anecdotes kept overy ono in continued laughter., - If tnoy would but' go 1 It was hio first visit to the honso; and he wanted to say a low words to hor. How was it possible? The great poet oat silently watobing him, feeling sorry in his heort to eeo Colonel Lennox on ondh friendly terms with beantifnl Lady Castlo maine. He knew bim, knew tho bath of all tho stories that were told obont him, knew What hio reputation roally waa. , : . " If 1 had a young and lovely, wile: liko that," ho oaid to himself, " Colonol Lennox wonld find no place in my drawing-room." But thon he was a poet, and poets toko strange views of things. - Then, .to tho colonel's great relief, Lady Heathers roso, ono or two o there followed her examplo, and a small laughing group mado for tho door. Thopostremainsd ; no had seen tbo impatience on that hold, handsoma face, and ho understood. "This is ono of his old tricks," ha said to' himself; "bo wonts to talk to Lady Castle- maino, and ho wishes wo will all go away. I, for one, shall not oblige him." Tho colonol staid and the poet staid, nntil Isabol Hydo, with her nsnalqulokness, guessed H tbo oituation and come to tho rbsoub. Sho went np io him : , " Havo yon .seen Lady Castlemaino's por trait? " she asked. " Millaio only finished it luBtweek."- No, ha bad not aeon it, bat, shonld, of Course, be delighted ; and Miss Hydo lod him to tho library, whore tho piotaro hung. - .The colonel blessed hor in his heart ; thon ha turned quickly to his beantifnl hostess. "Iam so glad to havo a ahaneo o! saying ono word to yon," ho said, hurriedly. " I .thought thoy would novor go." , " l did net want thorn to go," aha said, ooldly.;. -. ... I did," ho dried. " I wanted to toll yon what an infinito pleasaro this, my first visit to yon, gives me." .. . ' . . Sbolaoghedaproad/oarelesslaaghthatoat him like a knife. " I. do not see," oho said,." why ;yoa :wish- my friends gono, ii) order that yoa might mako ' d oimplc speeoh. like that,'.'. ; . ' " Give mo something to remember it by?" ho asked. ' .. v. " Give mo tho roso yon have worn, all the afternoon." ' Sha looked at it, then at him. ' ! ' ;.' "I think hot," she replied ; " the giving of .a flower meonB.. muoh or. littlo;.. in. tho .first : oaso I shonld not !givo. it, in tho eeoond it wonld not be worth having." , . Later on in the dieting, Ieabol Hydo stood : by;htr dreasing.room'.firo ; she 'slowly; phllod out tho leaves of a white roso and watbhed; thorn ehrivoland burn in tho fiOmo.,- : . CHATTER XXVII. : . . ! ! "I.ADT DKIIIIAll's MAHQUEIIAI)!;," . In fashionable life, one gaybty . sueeccds anothor do quiokly . that tboro is , hardly timo lor! any entertainment, however splen-: did, to muko mnoh iinpreasibh t ' bnt Lady, Dehham'a masquerade \tas quite Another affair. It was to bo held at-Denham House, 1 and yrga ttie fete of the seaoon;. tho mombry: of it was to livo in tho mind of man. ; . ' ponh'am House was well baited foran enter tainment oi this kind; the snito of rooms that : opened v into the balbioom ; wob moghifloent; the bull-room itself opened into a large and1 lofty conservatory, 'that led ' again : into 'an oxqaisito "littlo fernery,; a rare thing to find oven in a Hydo Pork monBion ; at tho end of this ternery. woro two hugo glass doors that, opened on to tho: lawn; thoy, wore nil ond perfectly straight lino, bo that it was pleasant to etand in the ball-room: and watoh tho croacontmbon ri80' in tho aky. Mont people A Question of Proprietorship. „ah'! Wontnorth. " Tom this ia— au-ah— gen- ' . iieman who olainia to be. tho original posaoasor of thia akelbton." - -- ..- ' V , " Ah — dispute us to ownership, eh ?;' y , ' - " That tendency, " . dnsworba Wcutworili. '!HbiB, infaot; a— iwoll, n gh'bat.V . J "A what?" : "The gentlomah has hcon dead for bomb timo," p'nt in Binilio,":tha task , of explaining having' obemingly got:- bbyond, ; Wbntworth; "Andwhile nlivotnio was hia skeleton." , .- " Oh, cbmo how, Smilid,. what are yoa . giv- : ing.ua," ' ; ' : -. ' . Fact," said Smilib, " jnst tossed this rnler through him. Try it." : ' Fulmor heeitntod. , . v: : ! "It will perhnpn convince yon quiokor than' anything elso, and don't ineonvenienoo ms in tho least," Buid the apparition. Fhlmcr tessed tho raler, with the oamo.rosult as before. 'Ho wao very ohort'-sighto'd 'and hd adjooibd hia' . eyeglasses and peercd'aeross the' table at thh ghost; who Btood impassively da ho had .done from the first. ' " I aay, VVontwortb, jast b|riko a light will yon." Wcntworth lit tho largo lamp that otood oh top of iho bureau. Tho ghost, nppoored an ordinary-lookiug man; dressed r.8 any man might hs. . Falmor, with oorrugotad brow, gazod at him while Sinilio nnd Wontwortli Jolt a sort of momentary prido,of!'ownership, as it thoir possessibn of tho skeleton gavo them a kihd of proprietbrehip in the epoofro; . . , : Tho amiable skeleton; which' now1 elione white: in thq bright light,' seemed to beam in a . bouovolent woy bn its former owner. ' : : "Bit dowri/' bhid Falmor, "I hnto to' talk t'o.a-rperson— 'stehding.":« Thodpeotro sat down. . "Now, what use io. this skoloton to yon?" began tho-young lawyor. hia prorcesionol in stinct getting tho bettor ofhlsamazomcut. a" That, if yoti will pardon mo, is no ono's buninoos bnt my own. 1 may say. I want it floced where I will. know whoro to find it—or may say that I don't ohcbso.to havo' it ro- mbln hero, 'tho oubjcot oi sabfilng and con- tumely. - - / . '. ' . Ob, yoh'rb wrong thoro," saidWentworth, " VTo both havo tho greatest reopbot for, John. ..W. Ho ia a gaido, philosophor, and friend— 'os woll aSinstruotor." ' , > ' . " Jastlotmohandlb ihia osso,!' said Ful- iher with q huakward wava of . his hand. "Now, what shall I ball yoa ? " - "Whatyou.please"'' " "Woll, wo will say tho plaintifl. Now,- plaintiff, ia tho first place you would ha70 - to ' prove to tbo sotisfootion of a jury that this m yonr Bkoloton. Wo deny hat it is yours."! . "Of- course wo do," put in Smilio. VVo bought tho body and John wired it" "1 don't mean that. The defence takes - tho gronnd that this partionlar skoloton is not tho bones of tho plaintifl, bat the hones of John W. Btodgsrs,, deceased. Now .it wonld rest with yoa to prove that this was yonr skeleton, and as peoplo are not in tho . habit of having a private mark on their skeletons, I flatter myself wo , wonld havo yoa; rigbtdt. tho beginning of; tho osse." "Yon aro d very young lawyor," roph'od .tho ghost with n sort of a post mortsm znosr. " It yon oxamino the tooth of thot skeleton yon i will find the ono on the left lower elds . next tho book filled with Oliver, and, if necbo-: sary. I oan tell yonrintefiigentijary tbqeort of cap' that ia nndcr tho eilvor to cover tho nervo that onbo wao there.1' : . . AU the young men looked at J. W., who, aa if enjoying' tho:point' mads by, its other self, suddenly disked down its jaw tad beamed on Falmer with its /silent '.laugh. Wentworth took np tho ,lamp and looked at tho 'lowox jaw. .. "Yos, Falmor," hb said, "that's so." . - "Well, wo'll waivo that pbint-wo'U'walvq that point," oaid tho yoang lawyer, with, ill- afteoted airiness. f : " I think yoa might as well, " oaid tho ghost dryly. . ' , " Bat tho real nob of the oasa wonld be in this:, Can a man onoo dead lay claim' to. any part of .tho property bu owned.whilo nllvo? -I don't recollect any parallel oasb to yours ex actly, but I have oomo knonledgo of tbo statntes of Michigan,", this modestly, and ! think all tho tcndenoiCB of law would bu against yon. When a rean is dead there is no question bnt that his next of kin have the right to cremate, to embalm or to bury his- body. Thoy might sell it, I imaglno. nlthoagh that ia rarely done in first-olaes socioty. Now. tho point I would mako boforo n jary . would "I have no wish to dlsonss law with yoni. I havo demanded tho skoloton and I. proposa to have it whothor you aro willing ornot?' : . ." Jnst write that down, boyo," eaid Falmer. " He hints at burglary.'! ' " Bee hero," oaid Wentworth, " yon are not tho man wa dlsseotod. I beliovo yon'ro a frand." " Do yon ?'! rotarned the ghost.. " I'lloon- vlooo. yon in order to save myself farther troablo. I can toko any one's form. For instance, that of a rising lawyer." : And with that tho figure before them was an exact counterpart of :yoang Falmer. Tho next instant tho ghost was himself again. " By jove," said Smilio, ".what a splendid lightning ohango artist ho would moke.". "Bay," saidFalmcr, ".what would yon take for a night at tho big hall? Yon oonld per sonate the head1 of tho University ocdelng, 'I want to bo an Angel' with splendid effect." . . / . "I am in no mood for ohaff,'! said the .opeotor, severely. ' "Fioolly, will yon glvoup my skeleton ?" ; " Lot him have hia old bones,'! said Smilio. "I certainly will not," oriod Wentworth. " Why,' Bmillo, I had to drill ICO holes in that skeleton. No, oirl J. W. Stodgors remains hero,"- . . ; " Itemairu is good," skid Falmer. . " Well, Mr. Wentworth, when yon gettirod of tho fight jact. give that skeleton a decent , b urial.". With that the ghost was gono. ; t . " So long," oried Smilio. " What are you going to.do, Wentworth 7 .It's yon and .the: ghost, it teams." , . T .. ,".w i. » Do? Why, keep J, W., of coaroo." Next day thoro was an astbnndlfig charge against Wentworth. : A passengor, doming up from Do'troit by .tho oarly train had bedn met on tho .road from the station dy astadsnt exactly answering Wontwbrth'o desoriptlori, ' who demanded .monby at tho point of a pistal,. and the paesengor wonld . have undoubtedly been -robbed if two otbero .boining' along had not frightened;.:tbe . oalprit,;. who fosbaped. Nothing bnt Bmillo's.oolomn'bath thqt Wefit-.: morning, Bavod Wontwoith. , .Oh : San'day. a2 Ahh Arbor was soandaliood ' as it- oamo from church by seeing Wentworth staggering along the streot.in astate; of . beastly intoxication; Tbo professors, honied bint aver tho'ooals, ahd it was in vain that hb. protected he:had spont; the day worthily, -trying'to oatoh , fish hp the river. - ' He wont horns mad and, aa J. ,W, grinned fit' him as ho cameiin, he .seized /the raler and smashed in tho trap door jaw.. . Tho ruler did not jjaes'thrbughitho bony part of Ji:W., SB it/ did throngh its epbotrol counterpart, ; , ; '. v ! : Next day Wentworth was too ill : to attend olass.; Bmillo left him and wended bia.way to; collcgb. He had jnat tkken his seat while the- Professor was jotting down names prepara tory tod "qaiz" when an unearthly; yell, at tracted all eyes to thoitop tior - of seats that; descended ono by, one down to '.the -operathig:, tahlo; "Thero Btood Wontwortb .on tho . baok. of tho highost seat.. -'-'--".."r " . ' '-"Ono, two, throb, look .ont for mo,'!- ho Bhontod, and with that be ran. swiftly down the baalm of tho seats, jumping over tho: stn-; dents' heads, bopping lightly on the" oabjsbt", that lay obvereif up. on,: tho rbvblvlng: plank,., thenbprangdmong the ladyratndbnts who,' soattored soreaming,' and thenoo up to tho top of the opposite tier/. '/ - , . ; J : j / ; "Now torn jninp across tho arena;, /fovcr attempted by. anyone bute!do of this eireao."; ; :" Cntoh hun,'!, shouted 'somebody/ "Ho'b ;lns'ane.''v . "q- . / At that Wentworth mode for the . narrow dtairway, Smilio and aiiother btter.ijim./i o: beat them easily norobs the bampua tad bnt-. erod the door qf his boarding place. / When tho two stndontb barot into the room thoy fbnnd Wentworth sitting doofally: look- ing at tho damaged front of Stbdgera, and ho owbrsho had fiot beta. ,ont -that/morning.- /Next day he got notice of dismisaol from tho University. ' ' -' . ! Aa ho eat by his window'. otabbornlyref as- ing to bo conquered by a ghost, and. yot aware that pfrhaps dome: pbbblo wbnl' not believe tbo whole story if ho told it. ha sbw, hia double on tho oppooita'sldadf tho otreqt. ' : " By Georgo I" bo cried, I'll havo it- -bnt with him. It, they eco no both thoro they'll boliovo.'my otory. : , '-'-!'V , Ho seized tbo ruler and started out, ,. The ghost lookcd bobind ljiin, and then it too |had a 'ruler in its hand; .Noaring the, poatOfflob tho ghost, came Baddenly up. to a group of men, bit out . right and left with . tbo . olub, ' otrook a polioeman across tko.foco, and fled towards Wentworth. The crowd pursued. Ail it camo to . Wentworth it vaniohed into thin oir,.nn(l, tho next instant Wontwortb viao in tho hands of tho outraged oonstablo;-... . ' From the looltnp tho dejected young mon_ . wrote to Simlio : , . , For my sako; bay a ccmotry lot and bnry John W. Btodgers, oharging tho coat, to; mo. ' v Yoors. 1 WEHTWonTn! .. That onded tlio fight. Wontwortb, I rogroi .to. Bay, is not tho first student who came_ to griof by letting spirits get tho hotter of him. 