FROM YESTERDAY'S THIRD EDITION. The following item- of news appearod in yo»- terday's Third Eilttion : — a sunday with the mormoss The Rev .T. .7. Hsley, who was for six years evangelist at the Lygon street Christian Chapel writes under the above heading to the "Aus tralian Christian Standard " aa follows During the return journey on my recent visit to Kentucky 1 had an opportunity to speud a Buoday in tho Mormon capital, of which, m a matter of course, I gladly availed myself. I bad tbe good fortune to fall In with a respect able party of emigrants from Minnesota, who were able on account of their number to make special arrsagsmeate with tbe rail rosd authori ties to run them down from Ogden to Salt Lk# City aad back. The distance to Zion from the main Hne at Ogdea ie 84 mils?, and Urn country lying between ie tbe fertile Utah .basin, tbe great Salt Lake valley, boended by the lake oa one side and tbe Wasacbe mountains on tbe ether. Salt Lake City, like a- cient Zioo, In this one particular at all events, ie beantifnl for eitoatlon. It lies on the start of this extensive plain, hard against the eastern baee of the Wasaobe range of mountains, which sweep round in a vast circle and appear to andoee tho whole valley, lake aad all. We arrived In the city on Satur day, and having only one day to stop we launched forth early on Sunday morning in a band waggon drawn by foar horses, under tbe direction of ajuide, latent on seeing what was to beaten, we visited the Endowment House, the Lion House, the Assembly HU, the Taber nacle, the unfinished Temple, the Co-opera tive Store, 11 Amelia's Palace," Brig- h An'B tomb, the palatial residence of the leaders of the chnrcb, the hot sa'phar springs, gardens, orchards, and many other S laces of less importance, xht unanimous ver- ict of the party wae that Mormon Jerusalem was one of the prettiest cities in the United 8tates. A gentleman on tbe way out gave ns some very interesting remiticence<of Brigbxm Young's early days in Few England. He said that Brigbam when quite a young man worked for his father on the farm at one dollar and fifty cents per day, and to all ontward appearances was au ordinary clodhopper excelling the oiler hands is only one thing. He could bake a better axe handle than any man on tbe place. Give Brigbam a piece of hickory timber and a good sharp knife and he could whittle out an axe handle fit for a king. Our party came to the co&closion; that there wae one or two other things in which Brigbam had learned to excel after be ceased to make axe bandies. He knew how to batid a city after tbe most approved modern plan, and to govern it after it was built. Bait Lake City is Admirably planned and splendidly appointed. Ita streets are exceedingly broad aod straight— ; broader abd straighter than the streets of Mel bourne— and running more uniformly at right angles. On both sides of tbe streets are long rows of lovely shade trees, giving tbe embowered city a cool refrecbing and comfortable apecN Iu stead of filthy sewers and gutters for earface drainage there is a net work of beantifnl stream and fountains of clear mountain water every where to be seen. They are used for ordiaary purposes and for irrigation in dry weather, and hence the abundant foliage of the city is always fresh aud green! Tbe public buildings, es pecially the structures eccelesiaetic, are mas sive and enlHtantial, and the bariausa house are quite as crraitable in appearance as in any other city of its tin in the United States, In the background of this wilderness in a city— this garden in a desert— gleams tbe long line of blue moon- tains nsdsrccitb its eternal crown of enow. In the other direction the river Jordan winds through tbe plains, and great Suit Lake U dis tinctly visible twentv miles away. During the time of our short sojourn in the dty there was great excitement among the, oainte on account of the federalprosocati jus of their much married brethren, uncle 8am had at length made np hi mind to make Jordan a hard road to travel for these canting hypocrites, who deem it their special privilege to have as many wives " sealed" to them aa their oioua amatlvencss may chance to dictate. John Taylor, the president of the charch, and several of the apostles, have do- camped, and find themselves conrenisntty out of the way, waiting in hope that Uncle Sam will rtlent and relax his grip on the hypocritical throats ol these saintly bigamists, wno are so much In love with their plural wives that it would break their dear hearts to have to give any of thorn np. The effective work of the federal court was several times indicated by the remarks of our guide aa we passed about through the city. He would say, pointing to a house," The man who owns that ie board- ii g at tha expense of the Government for the luxury of haviog mote wives than the law allows." He would direct oar attention to another and remark:— "The man who lives there, whui he is at home, was fined 40 Uols. and sent to prison for twelve months for being too much married." He would point out a third with the observation: "The man who reside! in that house has taken the underground railway, and his poor wives are inconsolable !" There was a special ontbarst of popular feeling just at the time of our arrival caused by the action of a Bishop Sharp in giving away the church by pleading guilty to the charge of "unlawful en-habitation and, promis ing not to do so any more, he thus escaped with a fine of 3u0dol. and a "caution." The orthodox saints were furious, the charch organ waa delirious, the Gentile papetaaad Gentilee generally were jubilant. The Mormon editor raved and swore, declared that the bishop was a traitor, and hod proved recreant to the most sacred and solemn vows, and waa no longer worthy of being recognised as a bishop in the holy charch of the latter day taints ot J eios Christ— all forsooth becaate the bishop swore the truth ! He had no more wives than one and he said so, and for this in famous crime of truth tolling under oath he was a oovecant breaker, a trifier with holy vows and sacred institutions, and no loncer worthy of recognition In his hlsh office by these Simon Pores of polygamous fame. In the estimation ot the saints those licentious doctrines of Mormoaiam are of mora value than veracity, and hence the latter must be sacrificed to maintain the former. May Uncle Sam bold on till he effectually strangles this andean monster, aod wipes oil from the national escut cheon this foul blot ou the civilisation of tin 19th eentury The most interesting feature of oar virit end tire one to which we looked forward with pleasing anticipations of gratified cariosity was attendance on tne great service io the taber nacle at twoo'eloekin the afternoon. This is the service of the day, and is attended by Mormons from all parti of tbe city aod eurrouadiag country. Tour readers are perhaps aware that this tabernade has the lergest ecclesiastical auditorium in the United States, and one of the largest in the world. It eeate 18,000 people, allowing 18 inches to the person. ItUe«um«tcd that there were 15,000 preeent in it oo the occasion of Brigham Yonog's funeral. The roof is ova! ia shape, like tbtiback of a tortoise, and is said to be the largest self-eapporting roof n existence. It does not rest on walls ike an ordinary roef, bat U supported by piers like a bridge. All the space between these huge obleag pillars is capoiced by immense sliding doors, so that people cm rome io and go out In all directions. This building cat. be cleared of an audience of 10,000 people in owe minute. It is lighted by 500 lamps and has 18.000 panes of glaae. Ita acoustic properties are abeolately perfect. A whisper, if tne words are distinctly articulated, can be beaid from one end of the building to tbe other. It eeeae strange to be sitting so far from a speaker that his eyes look like two little dark boles, and his month like a horUontal crack or a black streak without movement or expression, aad yet every word can be distinctly beard, even when he drops hie voioe to a whisper. Tbe large pipe organ, which bee 8000 pipes and 52 stop?, was designed and con structed by a Mormon, and ie undoubtedly an instrument of great sweetness and power. The tabernacle itself was the conception of Brig bam, which ia another proof that he had learned other accomplishments besides making axe bandies, boilding citiss, and marrying wives. Hsre are some of my notes taken oa the service while it was goiag on : " 1. Organ voluntary, good. 2. An them by the ehoir, very fine. Choir consists of abont 30i) lingers, 'male and female singers sit apart — don't mix np like Gentiles. They occupy an immense raised platform below the organ. Little lower elders, priests, aad counsellors of Israel sat round in great profusion ; judging from heads aad faces, no brains. Fear oentre of this plat form are four or five long pulpits rising noe above the other. Highest one for the president of tbe church, empty, under ground railway. John Taylor non est. Seven apostles grace the seoond tier of eeate behind long plush stands raised in the middle— where are the other five ? In prison perhaps for marrying too muoh ! 3\. Prayer. Long lean Mormon with iron grey beard and bullet heed comes forward and begins to pray— vary few, not even the bishops and elders sitting around seem to be engaged ia worship— tbe congregation looking at the suppliant as though he were arid refining the people, or gazing around at each other as i hoogb nothing were going on. Query: Ia :b» peculiar to Mormons f A few near the fror i assume a devotional attitude, bnt very few. Prayer extemporaneous, but rattled off <<< itiough read by an indifferent reader who did not care a fig whether any bod v ale# eared 4. (Iyt;:u announced by ah apostle aod twng by the choir alone — no con gregational singing— choir monopolises ib>H part of the service. The eight tn«n behind the long communion table breaking the breed into small pieces while this hvmn is ieiog rendered. The middle man be hind the table begins withont e single pre paratory remark or any sign of what is coming to give thanks for the breed. This oexeaony, perfunctory and singularly unimpressive, a parody of the Lord'a snpp»r. Tha eight men begin to distribute emblems. 5 Preaching. As tbe blsheps start out with the bread, a clean «bftredypqo0 elder, prieetly in aspect, and glib | » " — I of Imjiiir. naini- Ii»> ii-iii nil lt of the apostles ami proooh , f;tiJ ho had a teMiuun.y to lar : .i<l it was an im po>sibiluy for any in m of himself to edify tho In'to, day saints wiibout the aid ol the Holy Ghost; said the :nh.ihitauta of the rarth bad the idea that the gospel had not been taken from the earth ainoe given by Chrlat and his aperies, but hs wou'd show tint it had been, every vestige of it, till restored by Joseph tbe Lord's prophet aod Brigham his servant. Propounds the Idea of a continuously progressive revelation through the ages, said people willing to believe that God had spoken fn the past, and would speak again in the future, but w on't believe God's word when He speak in the preeent Illustrates by the attitude ot the Jews toward Christ and the apostles. They believed that God had spoken to their fathers by the prophets, aad that he would speak to them in tha fature through the Messiah, bnt they would not believe tbat God was ipoaklng to them then through Christ and tho Apostles ; o with tbe world aow in respect to the revela tions of theso latter times through Joseph aod Brigbam. The alder here plunges into the pro phecies. The "restitution of all things" spoken of by Peter refers to the Mormon church, u »by- )on tbe great, and the 8carietLady of Revelation aymbohse modern Christendom. The angel that flew through the heavens having the everlasting gospel to preach to emu that dwell oa tbe face of the earth, was the eagel that appeared to Joseph Smith In Missouri, and ehowed him the meta f dates from which the Mormon Bible was trans ited. The little stone cut ont without hands tbat emote the image on the feet and scattered Its element# aa the chaff of the rammer's thrashing floor, Is the chnrcb of tfae latter day satnts of Jtsua Christ, which shall break ia pieces all other kingdoms, and it ah til stand foiever. I At this point I interjected an obser vation : Poor elder ! you say that Mormooism hall smite tha nations of the earth on tho fact and scatter them, but one of tho nations of tbo earth has smitten Mormonisin on tbe hesd and scattered him I Look behind thee and see tbe significant vacancy of the presidential chair of the church ! Where is John Taylor and several of the leading apostles, underground railway, sb ! In the midst of bis exposition of Daniel s prophecy the officiatiug bishops having passea the bread to the people returned to the table, preacher passed and ducked hie bead fcr a moment, and one of tbe bishop pro- cvroou to girs iaan«B tor tne water, aoe latter day saints in their tabernacle service substitute water for wine The later is too expensive to enable thsui to afford it for tea or twelve thousand commnnieante every Sunday —so our Fergnfon has just informed me. When the preacher had finished np Dtniel and his prophecy of the little stone be said that Iraiah had predicted a gathering together of tbe people in one place in the latter days before the coming of Cbnit. This gathering did not take place, in the days of Christ — that was a time of scattering. Fo other fulfillment but the coming of God's people io Salt Lake City in thsse days, thus gathering o itiiking proof of the divinity of Moimonum. Joseph Smith as a man had no power to canee people from all pans of the earth to leave their homes and come forth to the place appointed." But enough of this stuff. The speaker went on and my notes go oo, but tbs rnbbUh if possible gets more rubbishy, and I hare no desire to iofiict your readers with any more of it. If men grow on what they feed on, and the latter-dsy saints feed on this kind of stuff, what kind of growth must latter day Fainrismbe? At the end of my notes I find this one in conclusion : "Long dreary haraogae ended, cholV sings, an apostle pray benedic- tion pronounced, audience dispersing- -Amen." When Fogg heard tbe landlady belo w stairs pounding the beefsteak, he reaa'ksd that Mrs Brown wae tendering a banquet to the boarders. Tbe following incident bpMne<l la one ot the public schools in a neighboring city : 1 Teacher : "Define the word excavate," Scholar : "It means to hollow ont," Teacher : Contruct a sentence in which the word is properly used," 8cho)ar : "The baby excavates when it gets hurt." 