LITERATURE The Storyteller. The Phantom Sculler. A YULE-TIDE STORY. BY J.L.S. WHAT art thou that usurp'st this time of night. .. By Heaven! I charge thee, speak!... Is not this something More than phantasy? What think you on't? The gray shades of night were silently steal ing over the landscape, and a sea fog was wreathing the long river reachoa in misty folds. The western sky flecked with tinted clouds still looked bright and warm by contrast with the cold wintry aspect of the eastern, while the distant mountain peaks, catching the last rays of the vanishing sun, stood like pillars of gold from out the blackness of the gullies and lower ranges. But gradually as the night closed in peak after peak lost its warm colouring, and, deserted by the sun, was plunged in an arctic bloakness. As tbe last touch of light faded from the hill tops a skiff put off from the landing-stage of a boathouso and passed swiftly up stream. Two young men were seated in it, one of whom was pulling, the other steering. From the earnest manner in which they bent to their work it might have been supposed that they were train ing for a race—the long sweeping stroke of the oarsman and the forward and backward move* raent of the man in the stern sheets certainly looked like business; but in point of fact they were merely doing a " trial spin;" their boat was a new one, and this her maiden trip. After some ten minutes' silence, broken only by the cox'en's " Now—and again 1" they slackened speed and maintained an easier pace. " She does it well, Jack, eh ?" quoth he of the rudder lines. " Rather," responded his friend, as he brushed the moisture from his brow. " There's no mis take about Brookes, of Yarra Bank—he can turn out a good thing if he likes. I'll under* take to say there's not a boat on this river can touch the Gardenia." "We will try her some day; but, say, Jack, it's awful foggy ; we must keep our eyes open, or—ah, that was a ' squeak,'" added the speaker as he laid the boat's head to stream. " These infernal snags catch a fellow unawares." " I thought you were hugging the shore a Meetle' too closely; keep her well out, Dickie; the shadows on the bank are deceptive in this light" And as he spoke " Jack" pulled with his larboard scull, and the skiff shot into mid* stream. Ten minutes more of silent pulling followed, when Dick again spoke. " Say, Jack, let's draw it mild and have a weed; there's no necessity to go at this rate." " Oh, that's all very well," said Jack, who was looking past the other at some object he had just discovered in the rear ; "but I don't mean to let that fellow yonder show us his heels." "What fellow?" "The one following us." Dick glanced over his shoulder into the grow* ing darkness. At first he could see nothing, bat in time became conscious of the dim pre sentment of a boat, some hundred yards astern, propelled by one who was pulling an easy masterful stroke and coming at a tremendous pace. 44 What does this mean? We are going like 'greased lightning,'yet he is gaining on us hand over hand; lay it on, Jack, lay it on! Now then ! that's the style! put her through it." Thus apostrophised, Jack Vernon. the ideal of a sculler, " laid it on" right merrily. He was perhaps the finest oarsman on the river, and naturally did not relish the prospect of defeat at a stranger's hands; every muscle, therefore, of his mighty body was soon strained to the utmost as he settled to work with the determi nation of making the pace hot for his adver sary. Answering to his efforts, the skiff darted through the water like a sea snako; but, despite his splendid rowing, the strange boat overhauled them rapidly, and in a few minutes was almost in line with the Gardenia. "Why," muttered Dick, "'tis no wonder that we should lose when we are double weighted." "But there are two in his boat also," said Vernon, who was watching the enemy closely, " there's a girl—look!" Dick turued, and saw to his surprise what appeared in the uncertain light to be an ex quisitely beautiful woman lying back in the narrow stern thwart, and wrapped in a cloak of some dark gray material. Her eyes were dosed, and seemingly she was not interested in the race which was so exciting to our friends ; neither indeed was her companion, whose face was turned towards the distant shore, and who to all appearance was oblivious to the presence of a rival; but with a calm exasperating in difference he maintained a pace that defied the struggles of the perspiring Vernon to keep the lead. "Mind where you are going, sir," yelled Dick, beside himself with rage, "or you will probably run foul of the shore, or the mud bank yonder!" The silent oarsman took no heed of this warning; but at the sound of a voice his com panion opened her eyes, and gazed dreamily at the speaker. Then a faint smile wreathed her lips, and throwing back the cloak she partly rose from her seat and pointed to a mark like a blood stain on the white bosom of her dress, and sank back with a low moan. The strange boat at this moment passed the Gardenia like a shadow, and widening rapidly the distance between them disappeared in the mist that drifted in chill masses over the river. The two friends looked at each other in quiringly. " Say, Jack, what is the meaning of this ?" " Something mysterious about it; looks like foul play." " Did you notice, too, that not a sound was caused by the passage of the boat?" " It's a doosid curious thing altogether." "Shall we turn back?" asked Dick, glancing with a slight shudder at tbe cold weird stretch of water, fog, and darkness that lay ahead; " or shall we follow it up ?" " Not much use following," replied Vernon; "wo shall never see them; and as he spoke he put the boat's head towards the cheerful lights of the city, and rowed slowly homewards. Presently he broke the silence with : " It would be a good idea to look in at the Turners' for half an hour or so; they generally have a few people there on Thursday evenings, and I dare say we look respectable enough. What do you say ?" "Just as you like, "replied the other absently. "I am at your disposal." The late adventure had impressed Dick, who was more sensitive than his friend; and he spoka as though he were utterly indifferent to anything connected with the Turners. At any other time he would have hailed the proposition with joy. " Why, Dickie, a fellow would think you had seen a ghost." "To tell you the truth, Jack, I believe we have." "Oh, nonsense! It struck me as being rather serious at first; but when I come to think of it I believe 'twas only a ' lark;' there are idiots who do this sort of thing, you know." "lam convinced this was no 'lark,' Jack; the weirdncss of the whole affair, the ghastly face of the girl, the blood stain, the moan. No, believe me, old boy, it was something super natural—the spectral repetition of a bygone tragedy." "I am afraid, Dick, you are suffering from too much Nineteenth Century, Psychical Society, and Myers, Gurney, and Co., and it is affecting your reasoning faculty, dear chappie." Dick shook his head mournfully. " Come," said his friend, " here we are at the Turners'; half an hour's talk and a waltz will drive thoso abnurd fancies out of your pate. You superstitious coot; if I were you I'd wear a high-crowned hat, a red cloak, and a broomstick ; start business in the Witch of Endor line, and, like old Prospero, call forth spirits from the vasty deep." As he ladled out this and other chaff of a like kind, Jack moored the boat at the little landing-stage at the foot of Turner's river-side garden; and together the friends proceeded to the house, from which came gay sounds of music and laughter. On arriving they found their host surrounded by a bevy of girls, with each and all of whom he was carrying on a desperate flirtation after tbe manner of the elderly gallant. In his youth the old boy had been a noted " beau," and now when his locks were silvered by the snows of many winters he still loved the society of fair woman. Of course the advent of Vernon with the form and features of some old-time Viking, and of Dick Brent with his expressive dark eyes and little sixteenth-century beard, created a defection in the Turner following which called forth loud remonstrance from the deserted one. Peace, however, was restored at length, and the hours passed merrily by aided in their flight by the giddy waltz and average song. When the time for departure came the host said to our friends: "You fellows had better stay for a smoke and a nightcap after the others have gone. You can't take any of them home in your skiff, you know; so there is no need for you to hurry away." They agreed to this willingly, and when the last guest had reluctantly said good-night the three betook themselves to pipes and whisky on tho veranda. "By the way, Mr. Turner, Jack did not tell you of our adventure on the river, did he ?" in quired Dick. "No, what was it?" " Oh, a most ghostly affair," replied Jack. " I thought Dick would have died of fright; his nerves are unstrung, and he is naturally very impressionable." "Ghostly! Died of fright! Dear me, this is quite interesting;" and old Turner laid down his pipe and swallowed his whisky with an air of profound horror. 41 We found it more than interesting, I can assure you." 44 Indeed! Pray tell me all about it, like a good fellow." Upon this Dick gave him a brief narration of their adventure, not without some embellish ments of his own. When it was ended the host exclaimed : 41 This is very curious—very carious; 'tis strange—yes, 'pon my soul, 'tis strmge ! Let me see; what day of the month is this ? Ah, yes ! the nineteenth—the same date—the same date," he added reflectively. This is by no means the first time I have heard of this apparition. Living as I have done for thirty years on this river, I am naturally conversant with its history." 41 Then do you mean to say," asked Vernon, " that what we have seen this evening is some thing more than natural ?" " I do not know what other theory to advance —it is certainly a very remarkable phenomenon, and is supposed to be connected with a tra gical and mysterious event that took place many years ago, and of which this day is the anniver sary." ''So," said the sceptic, "I presume the ghostly principals are actuated by the tradi tional motives, and as tbe fatal day returns they visit again the glimpses of the moon hence our encounter, eh ?" " Well, I only know some half-dozen persons besides yourselves who have seen the thing, and it has always been on this date." " Uraph ! Curious !" 411 have," resumed Mr. Turner, "amanu script narrative of the affair, and if you care to listen I will read it to you; it will not take up much time." The young men thanked him for his offer ; and he went in search of the papers. He re turned in a few moments, and, drawing their chairs closer, they tilled their pipes; then with a preliminary cough or so the story began : [to be continued.] 