ECIIOES OF MELBOURNE. (BY TiE IOnoHT.) Parliament has met, and is once more in recess, and there has not been the storm in the political world the quid-nuncs pro phesied, and for which the souls of many honoorable gentlemen thirsted. The "business" for the transaction of which Sir Henry Loeh summoned the two Houses was simply the gathering in of honourable members, in order that the formal swearing in might be accomplished, a preliminary requisite to enable the State coffers to furnish the Assembly with the monthly cheques with which Victoria stimulates the patriotism of her legislators. Under the circumstances it would have savoured somewhat of ingratitude had the opponents of the Government too severely criticised the unconstitutional course it has doubt less taken of calling Parliament together ' for the despatch of business" without submitting their policy in a" speech from the throne." It was, no doubt, some latent feeling of this sort that induced the Opposition to consent to the two months' recess asked for by Mr. Gillies. Had the adjournment asked for by the 1 Ministry been seriously opposed it is diffi cult to see how the advocates of strict adhesion to British Parliamentary pre cedent could have been controverted. On a former occasion, when it was proposed to take a similar course to the one just adopted, the present Attorney-General was loud in his denunciation of the illegality of 1 the action of Ministers, quoting May, and Todd, and Hatsell in support of his argu- I ment. " At the beginning of every now Parliament," then quoted Mr. Wrixon, and of every session after a prorogation, the cause of summons must be declared to both Houses, either by the sovereign in person or by commissioners appointed to represent him, in a speech from the throne. Until this has been done neither House can enter upon any business." It is difficult to see how Mr. Wrixcn could have "explained away" his former utterances. But political lawyers have ere this successfully cracked harderlegal nuts, and, doubtless, the principal law officer of the Deakin-Gillies combination troupe would have wriggled somehow out of his self- constructed dilemma. Tlto "screw " of honourable members being at stake, they could afford to be generous, and so the Government obtained its two months' respite. At the expiration of that period Greek will meet Greek, and then will come tihe tug of war. The "bandits," as the Argus has already christened the Opposi tion,.mustored strongly, and the compact phalanx of 26, seatoed to Mr. Speaker Laylor's left, evidently intend making matters lively for the Government. " Everything," the proverb says, "comes to those who wait," and it is already pretty evident that the Opposition, unless they are guilty of gross blundering, will not have very long to wait before the one thing they desire- office-is within their grasp, and when the Government falls-as fall it undoubtedly will ere six months have gone by-it will not perhaps be in consequence of its policy-for, like all coali tions, it really has none--but simply because there will be a general feeling prevalent that tihe present holders of portfolios, or, at all events, the heads of the Coalition, have already had a full share ofd the sweets of office; that turn and turn about is only fair play, and that after four years' endur ance of " the cold shades" a little sunshine ought to warm the outsiders. Dissatisfaction still continues rife in regard to the Early Closing Act. In the case of this legislative fad familiarity is brooeeding contempt, and whore the law is not openly evaded it is grumbled at, or surreptitiously defeated. The metropolitan journals are teeming with letters from suburban " ruined shopkeepers," who.now find it impossible to make both ends meet. There is a process known as killing people by kindness, and this the late Parliament has doubtless carried out. It needs no great gift of prophecy to be able to foretell that a largo portion of the time of the coming session will be spent in undoing the legislative work of the preceding one. The experience the colony of Victoria has had in her attempts at " grandmotherly " legisla tion are hardly of a kind to tempt her neighbours to follow her example. Had the Licensing Act, the Factories Act, and one or two other emanations of the Parlia iieontary wisdom of last session, tongues, how truthfully could they use the language of the bard of all time And so from hour to hour we rips and ripe. And thou from hour to Iour we rot and rot, And thereby hangs a IlWe I Victoria is at the present time suffering from an epidemic that threatens to become as prevalent as the mush- dreaded typhoid fever now raging in our midst. The two "proximate causes" of the recent out break of testimonial mania are Messrs. Berry and Mirams, the former of whom disappears-let it be hoped for ever-from our midst, and the latter-named is under going a temporary compulsory retirement from political life. Why these two gentle men should have been selected as the re cipients of public gratitude it is difficult to imagine, and why the President of the Melbourne Chamber of Commerce should have taken up the matter in regard to Mr. Berry is still more incomprehensible. Until utMr. Berry turned Conservative on joining the Service Coalition, his mission in the colony was to set labour against capital, array class against class, and arouse the worst passions of the lowest and most ignorant section of the com munity. As one of the authors of "Black Wednesday" he earned undying obloquy, and as the chief advocate of the narrow policy of isolation that will ultimately prove the chief bar to the federation of the Australasian colonies into a glorious southern empire, he stands conspicuous. As for Mr. uMirams, that political stormy petrel, he was brought into being on a wave of turbulent excitement in the evil days of 1877, and has been chiefly notorious owing to his capacity for obstruction. He it was who roused the working classes against Mr. Service, by circulating thousands of handbills attributing to that gentleman the utterance that "five shillings a week and lifo in a tent" was quite good enough for the Victorian working man. It is certainly a reflection on the sanity of the community when men of this cladl are presented with illuminated addressos and services of plate. Perbaps in Mr. Berry's case, the idea that the colony is getting rid of him for over underlies the feeling of the subscribers, and this may perhaps account for the fact that while in his favour contributions are coming in pretty freely, in the case of Mr. Mirams the affair is hanging fire, and may result in a fasco. Anyway, Victnria should be as glad at being rid of the pair as was Siubad the Sailor at finding himself relieved of the burden of the Old Man of the Sea. March 19. 