€r9S8!P. London Gossip. (FBOM otk own correspondent.,) LONDON, May 21. Lord Salisbury has done Mr. Gladstone inestimable j service by his intemperate and arrogant speech on j Home Rule. His Lordship speaks aa if the Irish were I slaves, and he (an old planter) asks how they dare j rebel. This has so long ceased to be the attitude of j England towards Ireland that we were in danger of j forgetting that it was once the attitude of all our statesmen. Lord Salisbury, by trying to revive it, has J shown us how dead it is, and has made us so ashamed of its ever having existed that we may be axraia or i rushing to the other extreme by placing our own j necks under the Irish foot. Till the Home Rule Sill is disposed of, the House will not settle down steadily to any other business. It has, however, managed to show that things are not going to be managed as they used to be when those that had took more with im punity, and those that had not saw themselves robbed without a protest, because they knew protesting to be useless. A bill to enable the lord of the manor of Ilaylixtg Common to put £4000 into his pocket under .he pretence of doing the commoners a service by en dosing a portion of their property, to be built upon, ,vas negatived without a division. A spectator said hat, when the Speaker put the question whether the bill should be read a seoond time the ' No ' which burst out was like a ' docked thunderclap.' The ghost of protection was raised in the House a Jew days ago by a man who at the same time con fessed that he found - political economy dry and despairing reading. Judging from his speech, it is evident that he had not forced his inclination and had left books severely alonie that treated of the subject he had chosen. One of the protectionists who supported him made capital out of the import tariff on manufactured goods in Victoria, which lie said had enabled 70,000 men to live by making the things that would be otherwise imported. Now, it seems to me that the rest of the inhabitants of Victoria were very generous in taxing themselves to keep these 70,000 men, and that they will find sooner or later that the manufactures brought into being and kept up by protection, those which would not live and flourish if protection came to be withdrawn* .are a source jf weakness instead of strength to the true prosperity of the State. Hie illustration from Si. Bastiat, given by the Chancellor of the Exchequer, puts all the nonsense about protection into a nutshell, and was to the effect that if you want Jiigh-priced things to occupy high-priced workmen you must do with everything in this manner: Exclude oranges, say, which you now buy for a penny; don't let the inhabitants of warm, countries profit by your love of oranges. Set English workmen to build greenhouses, and plumbers to furnish them with hot-air pipes, and glaziers with glass. You will be able to employ hundreds of people, and oranges will only cost a shilling apiece. But I must not forget that many people share Mr. Jennings's distaste for political economy, though I iind it so fascinating. We will, therefore, torn irom politics to pictures, and take a glance at this year's Academy show. I heard a parvenu say the other day that he was no 'caimer' of cigars, and I, in better French, may confess to be no connoisseur in pictures. I do not go to the galleries to institute comparisons or to talk learnedly of what I don't understand — a feat performed by many critics. I go because I know I shall have a few hours' 'exquisite enjoyment of sunny scenes — that I shall be able to look upon nature with die eyes of Mr. Yicat Cole or Mr. Leader, or see in :aces what Mr. Millais or Mr. Rank Holl see. Usually upon entering each room of the gallery in Turlington-street 6ome one canvas, by its transcendent ;uerite, attracts the eye at once, and makes the orderly -oing round the walls an impatient virtue. This /ear itiB not bo; there is nothing that commands admiration ; there is much that wins it, though that is a foregone conclusion in looking at the pictures of ^reat artists. The British matron may go in all con rent this year ; there is no Phryne of Sir F. Leighton's o startle and enchant the rest of us. Mr, Elmore's -abrina is hiding her loveliness in the depths of ie sea, and we have only a poor 'Eve,' by Mr. Jaiiable ; auil a ' gtteannah,' tjy GcgdwZl. Susannah's bath is marble ; but Mr. Goodall's marble looks like second-rate marble when we turn to Mr. Aimn Tadema's 'first-rate article. There, is a lot of it in his Roman dressing-room, and it is much better worth looking at than the ladies dressing, who are rather of the broomstick order. This picture should be kept for hot days — it looks so deliciously cool and calm. It would even make one of Sydney's hottest ! days endurable. Sir Frederick Leighton is painting a ceiling for an American millionaire. He sends three panels, which occupy a prominent position in the large gallery. They are Grecian goddesses, which Sir Frederick clothes in skirts and bodices, after he has painted them without any. He first draws the naked figure in monochrome, and then proceeds to clothe it. The result is good, of course, but they say nothing to me. Not so Vicat Cole's scenes on the Thames. Oh, to be a millionaire, able and willing to feast on these exquisite scenes whenever one wants to shake off turmoil and fret. Pangbourne, Cookham, and Great Marlow are the spots he has chosen. Every year, on some bright golden day, I spend happy hours at one or other of these spots. To sit and drink in the beauty as we glide and glide, while someone else is doing all the work, is my ideal of bliss, which I only realise once a year, while a mil lionaire, with these three pictures, can get it every day. There is, too, a landscape, the ' Glow of a Summer Day,' enough to tempt one to sell all that one hath and give it to Mr. Sydney Morrish, in ex change for such a possession. | By-the-by there are two pictures called 'Repents ance' in this Exhibition. One is an Irishman weep ing over a coffin, and the other a lady in appropriate black, with a short tulle veil and otherwise in the height of fashion, lying on some marble steps before I the high altar of a Cathedral. Each painter has ad ! mirably pourtrayedthe futility of that so-called virtue. [ Repentance is the refuge of the destitute. An incident in the life of Dr. Johnson, painted by Frith, shows us the uncouth philosopher, who prided liimself on his gallantry, handing Madame de Bouf flers into her coach in Fleet-street. His rusty brown suit, his old shoes (minus shoestrings), his little shrivelled wig, and the sleeves of his shirt and knees of his breeches hanging loose, are just as described by Bozzy. Madame de Boufflers looks slightly aston ished, but accepts the compliment like a lady bien elevee. Mr. Frith has taken pains to represent JTleet street as it then looked, by the help of authentic prints. Altogether the exhibition is enjoyable, and I thoroughly enjoyed it. If it will not be a red-letter year it will at least deserve a cross against it. Before my next gossip, I purpose going to the ' Grosvenor,' which is said to eclipse its elder sister. Nous verrtm. Of vulgar abuse of Mr. Gladstone there is no end. Having exhausted their own vocabulary, his oppo nents are going to foreigners. They have actually unearthed a letter of Prosper M6rim&'s against him ? one of those addressed in 1865 to his Inconnue , in which he says : ' M. Gladstone iria paru, sous guelques aspects, tin homme de gtnie, sous d'autres un enfant. H y a en lui de V enfant, de V homme -T etai, et dufou.'* Now suppose any Frenchman, the most illustrious of them, Knfl written of Disraeli that he found him a mixture of flnldj statesman, and madman, what Conservative would pay attention to anything a ' 6tupid foreigner ' wrote i * In a lecture on the ' Occupations of the People of the United Kingdom,' given before the Statistical Society by Mr. Charles Booth, we have some results of the census of 1880-81. I do not intend to inflict Mr. Booth's figures on my readers, but to give a few of the results he arrives at. As regards England and Wales, between 1851 and 1881 the proportion of industrially employed women over 15 compared to the rest of the female population had decreased con siderably, but the proportion of those otherwise employed — in domestic service, teaching, &c.; — had increased in an equal degree year by year, so that the total employed one way or another remained prac tically constant. So notwithstanding the lamentations of mistresses on the dearth of servants there are more girls willing to go into service than in 1851. During the 30 years in question, the classes whose mainte nance depends on the mere possession of property Tins been lately augmented. \Yhat, then, becomes of the arguments employed by Jeremiahs, when they say we are getting poorer and sinking in the coroniercial scale of nations ? With regard to domestic service, while there are more women and girls employed, the indoor men servants have decreased, showing that eifhpr the rich are less ostentatious, or that men are lesB willing to be flunkies ? Mr. Irving has begun a new departure for the theatre in summer. He intends to have no per formance on a Saturday evening during the month of June. An afternoon performance will be given inateaJ. When I go to the theatre, I wish theatrical representations were given during the hours that used to be occupied by them in Pepys*s time. Coming out at 9 o'clock he thought 'mighty late.!' The worthy gossip paid different prices for his evening's pleasure to what we do now. For several years he paid no higher than 12d. ; 'and then the 18d. places, fhnntrh I strained hard to go in then when I did.' The performance of 'The Cenci' by the Shelley Society was an exhibition . of curious taste, but as it was a private show the critics might have contented themselves with expressing their wonder at it. But such an opportunity of talking about things that are not talked about was not to be missed, especially by the journalists who make a renommee by such talk. The most notorious sinner in this respect of course howled the loudest, and compared it to shows ' for nipn only ' at a fair. This made Dr. Furnivall, one of the founders of the society, so angry that he sat down and wrote out a Bjllingsgate epistle to the editor, in which he calls the writer, amongst other delectable things, a ' dirty-minded, insolent, and lying cad.' If this sort of language is what admira tion of Shelley brings his votaries to, outsiders will ; not be tempted to join their ranks. Mrs. Langtry owes her success on the stage to indomitable .perseverance. She is indefatigable in rehearsal, even when die is playing for a charitable I I purpose. Last Sunday she crossed the Channel and \ met the French actor Febvre, who came from Paris j at Boulogne. There they rehearsed the ' Brebis de : Panurge,' which they are gojng to play together next Monday to provide a bed in the French Hospital here for French musical and dramatic artists. As I can do my charity in so agreeable a fashion, I mean to contribute fhy mite, and go to see the play. Mrs. Langtry also subscribes to that higher style of benevolence, being just to ourselves. During a recent engagement at the Standard Theatre, she asked the lessee and manager, Mr. Douglas, to 6how her over the theatre, as she had heard much of its capacity and construction, but seen little. Mr. Douglas was delighted ; marshalled her the way that she would go, showing her all the exits and entrances, with which the Standard is well provided. His pleasure at her praises of his theatre was subsequently combined with admiration of her aptitude for business. She had kept perfect record of every door ; and, on the nights when she played there, she placed a check taker at each to intercept the overflow and transfer money, which on these occasions amounts to a con siderable sum. . An eminent Jew is lately dead, the Rabbi Mardochee. He was born in Algiers, and, whilst engaged in com merce, travelled overland from Fez to Timbuctoo. He repeated the journey for the sake of scientific investi gations, and made reports in Hebrew to the Paris Alliance Israelite. He found a tribe of white men enslaved by Africans, and discovered that they were of Jewish origin. He also found that there was a warlike class of Jews in the Riff district of Morocco. Now that the existence of these people has been dis covered, monomaniacs will have no difficulty in unim peachably identifying them with the lost ten tribes. This ought to give a timely rest to the many other nations — English, Afghans, Malays, North American Indians — that have in turn been traced with equal irrefutability as descendent6 of the wandering ten. Sir Monier Williams has been lecturing at the late May meetings on ' Christianity versus Buddhism.' It seems that a doctrine called Neo- Buddhism is abroad, both in Europe and America, and even in India, where it was supposed to be extinct. The Professor thinks it very awful that people should pro fess this dark religion ; yet, according to his own showing, there are many Christians who profess a far less noble faith. The learned Orientalist, as Sir Monier undoubtedly is, tells us that Buddha's first sermon contains the cream of his doctrine, and is : ' Mirth is suffering, decay is suffering, illness is suffering, death is suffering, the presence of objects we hate is suffering, separation from objects we love is suffering, not to obtain what we desire is suffering, ' clinging to existence is suffering, and the eight-fold path which leads to cessation of suffering is right belief, right aspiration, right speech, right conduct, right means of livelihood, right endeavour, right memory, and right meditation.' Like most specialists, Sir Monier Williams loses the j sense of proportion. He has compressed Buddhism into the shape suited to the lecture-room, and thinks he has caught the form which the subject presents to ! its devotees. The etherialisation of Buddhism suited to entertain a European audience is as fit for the poor Indian's untutored mind as would be modern ration alistic Christianity to a Maori convert. Sir Monier I complains that the attenuation of Buddhism is 'win ning over cultivated Europeans. That was inevitable. We shall always have among us those who prefer to be ' dilletante, delicate-handed priests' of any other faith than that which prevails around them. But it is surely a mistake to confuse it with the religion of a people susceptible only to the concrete. While I write, Professor Von Ranke is dying — with his work unfinished. We could better have spared many a younger man. It is such deaths as these that bring the real pathos of our common fate home to us. Herr Richter has done a graceful thing in giving, at one of his concerts, a rendering of the incidental music to the ' Eumenides' of JSschylus, by Mr. C. Villiers Stanford. English musicians say they have no chance against foreigners, but I take it that their chance would come directly their works were equal to what foreigners can produce. Mr. Stanford's work is ,of great beauty, and is that of a cultured student rendering the spirit of the ^Greek drama without affectation of archaisms. When the Suez Canal was in process of cutting, one never heard an English prediction of success. I remember one lecturer at our school telling us that it was a sheer impossibilty to keep out the sand. The ultimate success of the enterprise has made me doubt the Cassandrason the Panama Canal. It appears, however, by the report of the commissioners sent out by the French Government, that from a technical point of view there is difficulty in its accomplishment, that the amount of capital required is much greater than the company admits, and that the work cannot be completed in the time M. de Lesseps predicts. It is a pity that the grand old Frenchman did not rest on his Suez laurels. Trom a debate in the House last night we learn that railway servants are doing their part to prevent the large number of accidents to their number through the present method of coupling trains. They have offered £500 for the best coupling one could invent. Like those strikers in America who have founded co operative*manufactories in opposition to the capitalists, they are in a fair way of realising that Providence helps those who help themselves. Mr. Joseph Leicester, one of the labour representa tives in the present Parliament, has completely sold an 'able' editor. Mr. Leicester, is a Home Ruler, and has been much maligned by the editor's paper. He sent many letters to it in self -justification, which were not inserted, and he at last sent two spelt so badly that they were inserted as telling against him. He now acknowledges the hoax, and offers to be examined in syntax and orthography with any 'second- hand parson' that the editor has on his staff.' The insertion of the curious spelling was in such bad taste that every one is glad the editor is sold. 