The Mystic Shots ; OR THE HAUNTED ROOM OF PORT LOUIS. BY FRANK FORRESTER. I was proceeding homeward in the Gipps land train the other evening. The only oc. cupants of the compartment besides myself were an old.ScotchmJn and a young Ameri. can; the former being a ship carpenter, and the latter a sailor. During conversation, the elder man re ferred to the superstition which existed among sailors when he was a boy; and re lated several stories of witches, ghosts, and fairies, the particulars of which had come under his own observation. The young man, too, related many amusing instances of the superstitious belief of those with whom he had come in contact in the course of his travels; but the following account of agreat fright he experienced upon one occasion impressed me so much that on reaching home I wrote it in my note.book, and now reproduce it for the numerous readers of Tit-Bits. I give it as nearly as possible in the young man's :words, and will allow him to tell his own story. The biggest fright I ever had was in the Mauritius, at Port Louis, the capital. I had been allowed a run on shore, and towards evening found myself at a French restaurant. I indulged pretty freely in French claret, the wine of the country, but not being much accustomed to the drink, I mixed about equal quantities of rum with it in order to make it more to my taste. The landlady and her serving women were French. They could not speak much English, nor I much French; so that we be came considerably mixed in our attempts at conversation. I managed, however, to make them under stand that I wished to stay all night, and they succeeded, after a great deal of gesticu lation and shrugging of the shoulders, in making me understand that the only avail able room I could occupy was haunted. I, being young and fearless, told them I cared neither for ghost nor devil; and a haunted room would suit me just as well as any other ; in fact, I should rather enjoy the new sensation. I was shown the room; it was up a small flight of stairs ; rather small, but there was nothing visible to cause it to look different to any ordinary bed- room. On the floor was a dull discoloration, which they informed me was caused by human blood. They had tried to wash it off, but had not been able to remove it; and there the dark black stain stared me in the face. Evidently some dismal tragedy had been perpetrated there. My attendant managed to make me under stand that a former proprietor had been murdered by some coolies in that very room, that the stain was his blood, and that the room had been haunted ever since. I confess I didn't like the blood stain, but a sailor sees too much in his knockings about to be too fastidious. So, after a ' Bon soir, monsieur,' from the landlady, I quickly un dressed, and being very tired after my day's carouse, and very drowsy after imbibing so much French claret, speedily fell into a sound slumber. How long I slept I know not; but I was roused by a shot fired above my head. I was awake in an instant, and found myself bathed in a cold sweat. My first impression was that I was dream ing, and the horrid sensation I experienced was owing to the quantity of liquor I had imbibed. I listened, but everything was still, and I quickly dozed off again to sleep; but not for long. Again another shot was fired, and instantly I sat bolt upright in bed. :-,The room was in.perfect darkness, but there came a sound that made my blood run cold; it was a drip-drip-drip of some thing, what I knew not, upon the end of my bed. I began to repent of- my foolhardiness in consenting to sleep in that haunted room. Though usually afraid of neither man nor devil, I confess I did feel frightened. However, after a little while I plucked up courage, and thought I would try and find out where the shots came from, and what was the cause of the drip-drip-drip near me. So after fuiinbling about a while, I managed to find some matches and struck a light. No sooner had I lit my small bit of candle than I was literally paralysed with horror at the sight which met my gaze. My clothes, which I had placed at the end of the bed, were soaked with bloodl Whatpossessed me I know not, but I gave one terrific yell, and, clutching at the bed clothes, I fell insensible on the floor and rolled under the bed, upsetting the table in my fall and extinguishing the light. The noise I made alarmed the inmates, and they came rushing up stairs, thinking no doubt that I had been dreaming of the haunted room and of the tragedy previously enacted there; but the sight that met their eyes on opening the door of my room was as unexpected as it was tragic. There, extended at full length on the floor, lay the sailor boy covered with blood, evidently dead, the table overturned, the bed clothes disordered, and every sign of a fearful crime having been committed. The sight so filled them with alarm that they instantly fled, and had a very narrow escape of broken bones in their hasty re treat. Meanwhile the landlord, hearing the un usual commotion that was going on, came with candle in hand up the rickety stairs, followed by other inmates of the house, and quickly reached the entrance to my room, where the same scene presented itself as had been witnessed by those who had so igno miniously fled a few moments before. By this time I had regained my conscious ness, and was crawling from under the bed. The blood was dripping from my face and hands, and I must have presented a most ghastly and hideous sight; but instead of uttering any exclamation of surprise or alarm he only burst out into a fit of boister ous laughter, and, almost choking with mer riment, exclaimed "Le Vin ! Le Via i" Just at that moment the report of another of those terrible pistol shots rang through the room. This, instead of alarming the Frenchman, only made him shriek with laughter, as he again excitingly exclaimed "Le Vin I La Vin I" By this time the truth began to dawnthat it was not blood -but wine upon me, and on looking up on a shelf over my bed I saw a number of bottles of wine. Some were corked, but from others the corks were gone, and the wine, evidently fermenting, was oozing out of the top, and, dripping from the shelf to the bed below, had stained my clothes. The noises I had fancied tobe pistol shots were the corks flying from the bottles, and the drip-drip-drip was the escaping claret falling on the bed. A supply of cold water soon set me all right; my clothes were not much the worse, and I slept soundly the remainder of the night, without being further molested by ghost or demon. Ilearnt afterwards that the story of the haunted room was only a trick of the Frenchwoman to frighten the poor sailor boy. All's well that ends well, but I can assure you I had the greatest fright that night that ever I had in my life, 