THE PHANTOM FIDDLER OF BEERAGH LODGE. F e oxAL Y.ne T Ro-eD. liy uncle, lMr. Sommerton, was agent to the eccentric Lord Beeragh, and. during his life, resided in Beeragh Castle, a mag nificent old mansion, orerlookingBeeragh lake, far away in the wilds of West Con naught. When Lord Beeragh died, uncle quitted the Castle, taking up his abode in ?icraglh Lodge, a much smaller residence on the opposite shore of the lake. It was a very curious house. Built in what had been a vast quarry, the front apartments and entrance towered high above the humbler portions inhabited by uncle and aunt. The larger reception rooms were seldom used. They were fitted up in a style of old-world grandeur which did not at all agree with uncle and aunts quiet ways. Over these fine rooms arose a most curious crection-a vast saloon extending 'from end to end of the building, almost altogether composed of glass; a hughe cupola towering in the centre of the roof, catchingeverye ry of light from all quarter of thel sky. Once this curious apartment had been gorgeous with paint and gilding, but the gold wrs tarnished, the brilliant colours were faded to poor stains. The windowsop-ned upon a wide bal cony, which overlooked the most superb view I ever beheld. The only means of approach to this strange structure was up a flight of steps outside the house, Few people seemed to care for disturbing its unbroken soli tude. It was whiter time, antd the house full of nlerry young people, and, as the rooms in daily use were too small to contain us all, uncle, with a reluctance I was slow to comprcheed, granted us per mission to use the larger apartments. Despite their splendour, they were grin and gloomy, but we rewere all young anmid gay in those days, and we filled them with merry laughter and joyous music from early morning until long after midnight. But with one consent we all avoided the library, because of a picture which hung there. It was a magnificent portrait of the last Baron Beeragh, uncle to the first Earl, and great-grand-uncle to the present owner of the title. He must have been a man of singular personal beauty, but with an expression ars peculiar that I could not bear to look at his painted semblance on the library wall. Certainly I have never seen a picture which possessed the same influence over me. I never wentinto that room, if I could by any means avoid doing so. The wiuter was one of unexampled severity, but we young folks rejoiced over the delightful sport afforded by the far stretchmg frozen lake, and our whole days -and, indeed, sometimes a few hours of the lovely moonlit nights-were spent on its smooth glittering surface. One night we had an open- air dance, and it was tipon our return hoine from it that the first of the unaccountable things which took place at the lodge occurred. IMy brother Walter and I.were the last to leave the lake. As we emerged from the thick fir woods which separated the house front the water's edge, we paused. The sight which met our startled view arrested our steps and held us spell bound. The wide windows of the saloon were all ab!aze with unnearthlylight--notthe red glare of fire, but a hard, clear, radiance like the electric light of to-day, thie glass cupola glowing white against the darkness beyond. W\alter threw his arm around me, and for a breathlcss moment or two we stood terror-stricken. Then, just as a lightning flash leapt into darkness, and is gone, the wierd illumination vanished, anmid the house lay black against the starlit sky. Iscarcely rememcber anytlhing more until I found myvself in my dwn room. I had not the spirit to join the merry party at supper. Tired out and greatly puzzled as to the reason of dithat I had seen, I went tobed. Being young and very tircd,I soon forgot and fell sleep. When I awoke my fire had burnt low. Outside, through the profound windless hush of a night of intense frost, I heard a clock strike. As the sound died on the still night air another took its place. I started up and listened. Softly, clearly through the deathlike silence stole a sound of music. At first a faint, far-offtrilllike the song of a lark high in the heavens ; then coming nearer, growing louder and louder, as if close at hand. It was exquisitelysweet andplaintive,and thrilled me from head to foot. I could not dis tisguislh anything like an air. The only thing to which I could compare the sound was a sweet jangle of birds' songs on a spring morning. I sat upin bed to listen, there was something so wierd and un earthly in that music. What could it mean ! Which of uncle's guests was so devoted to violin-playing as to wander about the house practising intricate exercises at the dead of night, and with the thermometer ten degrees below zero 1 And then, did any of them possess so complete a mastery over that most difficult .of instruments? There were wild cad ences, ruhs, shakes, trills,. which only a skilled performer could accomplish. As if the unknown violin- player knew of the one listener to his wild harmonies, the mnusic seemed to pause over my head, glide past my window, and sink- lower, lower, until at last it reachdied my camrs dulled and mulimed from the lower rooms; then it ceased. The-houso was astir before I slept. "Which of you gentlemen serenaded -us last night ?" asked Ethel Saunderson, one of onr guests, at breakfast nextmorn ing. Aunt looked up, a scarred, pained ex pression on her face. Uncle left the table. - Ethel saw something was amiss; she said no more. As we separated after breakfast, aunt touched my arm. "Come into my room," she said, I followed her. '"Don't say anything about-about tie noise you iheard--tle-- tle wind make through the lattice-work of tile balcony aInst nigllt," she said. "Ethel heard it, and I saw by your face you heard it, too. Your-uncle does not like to hear it spoken of." , "-The wind, Aunt Alice 1" I cried. " Why, there was not a breath of air; and what 1 heard was a violin most beautifully \- played." -- " - o" I -illnotarguo with you, child," aunt snid.. "All I ask of you is not to speak of it bbfore your uncle. He doesnot care to lihear it spoken about." S-"Won't you tell me why I am not to saention it 1" I asked eagerly. S"rNo, she said decidedly. "I never asked your uncle his reasons for any in junction he lays upon me ; and I expect the same frbm you." So she leftme, much puzzled and a little indignant. Aunt's boudoir 'was on the bedroom corridor, therefore, as I stood at the top of the V-staircase in the centre of the house, I was on a level with the hall. As I quitted her room I saw the slender figure of a man in a dark dress cross the wide hall from the library to the drawingroom. At the same moment my youngest brother, Hugh, and Tom Saunderson entered the hall. I amn down one flight of stairs and up the other to meet thenm. "Hugh-Hugh, who was it that went into the drawingroom this moment?" I cried. S'Why, no one," Hugh answered. "All tihe men are douwn on the ice-Tom and I canme back to find out what was keeping you girls." "But," I insisted, "someone-some man went into the drawingroomn as you came through the door. You must have noticed him, unless you were blind." "I saw no one," Tom Sauederson said. "Nor I," Hugh responded. "I must see," I cried. And, followed by the young nien, I.dashed into the big, chill room. Now, they say-those two boys-that I must have been dreaming while it snas broad daylight; but, so surely as I saw anything in that room-the fire on the hearth, the frosty sunlight streaming into the conservatory-I saw a man in a pecu liar dress, with a violin in his hand, stand ing beside the grand piano. As I ran into the room, his eyes met mine with a look which seemed most strangely familiar. The finely-cut features were deathly pale. The hanid which held the violin with a practised clasp, gleamed white and shining from the ruffle which fell over the nwaist. For one breatldess second it stood still, then bowed low. and thien drew back into the conservatory. I reeled round, and would have fallen. Hugh caught me. " Well, you are a queer girl I" he cried. "You look as if you had seen--" " Oh, hushs- hush !" I gasped out "It hears you ! Look, it las turned ! Oh, Hugh, don't let Tom follow!" For Tom Saunderson had rim into the conservatory, anld was close to the figure, which I saw plainly moving amongst the flowers towards the door leading to the steps. " Call him back I Tell himn not to follow it !" I pleaded. "Follow what ?" Hugh asked almost angrily. "You are dreaming, Annie." "No, no, no! See!" I cried. "He has just passed qut of the door. Hie is going up the ete~al. Oh, Tom, comen back -come back 1". Dark against the red whiter sunshine, I saw the slender figure sldwly. mount the crazy steps, and disappear. With myhand grasping Hugh's arm, I tottered into the conservatory, and reached tlhe'outer door.. It was locked. " Why, Annie, you have iaken leave of your senses," Hugh cried as I looked help lessly into his face, with my hand upon the lock; " your young nian nmust have. been a very slender individual indeed to escape through the keyholc--hla, h l". "Oh, don't laugh !" I exclaimed. "I tell you I saw him as plainly as I see you this moment. I know it was something unnatural." '"Was it a ghost?"' Tom Saunderson asked laughingly ; "if so, lie has broken through all ghostly traditions. I thought ghosts never rambled about in daylight. But come, Annie, get yourhat on; weare losing time." I did not go on the ice that day ; utterly unnerved, 1 remained in aunt's room, hoping to have an opportunity of telling her what I had seen, and of forcing from her the legend of the house. That night Lord Beeragh and his young sisters-who had heard of our gay doings and must needs join in them- were to be aunt's guests. T.ho three young people were to bh housed for the night. Ethel and I gave up our rooms, and packed into aunt's boudoir for the nonce. The excitement of their arrival, the business of preparing for the dance, drove away the effects of my terror of the morning, and, by the time we all assembled in the library before dinner, I was quite myself again. I was standing by the mantelshelf talking to Lady Hester Fitzmaurice when the great double-doors of the room opened, and a tall, slender figure entered. My heart stood still. It t?as the figure I had seen in the morning. The same clear-cut, deli Scately-beautiful features, the same air of gracious dignity, only the dress was the simple evening-dress of all the other mncen in the room. I saw Lady Hester look curiously at me. "Do you not know my brother?" she said. " Beeragh, this is Miss M3ay-31rs. Sommnertont's niece." The touch of his friendly haud, the sound of his pleasant voice, brought back my wandering wits; I managed to say something about the lake and the skating, and then we all went to dimier. By. the time dinner was half over, Lord Beeragh and I were fast friends. "By the way," he said, sinking hisvoicc, " where is the wonderful picture of my anicestoi of unhallowed memory, of which I hlave heard 9" I told himh there was a picture of aLord BeeraghI in the library, but that I did iot know there was aly special story about it. s Oh yes," le said ; " tlhere was a bed lord amo:tgst us, who was supposed to hIave dealingawith the unseen world. I think the truthl about hIim would probably b tlint he Was eccentric and aliead of his age. Ho built this house. A. queer erection, isn't i.t ? He did itfor a purpose \--hie wanted a good music room. The e only unaccountable thing about him was the manmer of Iis departure from life, I cannot say hiis death, for of that no one ever had certin proofs.. e simply dis appeared, leaving Itis house full of guests, and on the eve of a great national crisis, when his party wasn looking to1him for help and guidance. HIe was quite ayoung man, an advanced Nationalist--despitohis Suncanny reputation, a man of vast per Ssonal influence. It seemed an unaccount Sable thing that he should vanish as he did." . " ".Was to effort made to discover any trace of his fate ?" I inquired. "Oh yes. MIy grand-uncle, who died a short time ago, madeevery inquiry, but to no purpose. Thero were various sur Y mises. One of the most romantic, but I tam inclined to think the most probable, was that hlie was mixed up with some of the numerous secret societies of Southern Europe, and that lie fell into the Ihands of the Inquisition, eitllher in Italy or Spain. As to his departin" mysteriously and !r Ieavin his house full of guestsa, I regard that as altogether apocryphal. Something like the sequel of tho story which you doubtless have heard." I told him eagerly that I know of no story at all connected with his family. "Is it possible you have not heard of the Phantom Fiddler, who plays upon the great balcony three timesa year? As this is one of his appointed seasons, I wonder he has not favoured you." Then, breathlessly, 1 told him what I had heard the previous night, and what I had seen that morning, imploring him to enlighten me as to the legend connected with the house. With an altered look upon his face, he told me, speaking very low, so that his words reachled my cars alone: " This house has, always had the repu tation of being haunted by an appearance resembling Lord Beeragh. What you tell me gives a strange confirmation to the popular superstition. An accomplished musician, it. was his habit to walk round that balcony outside the music room he hal erected, practising new and strange feats upon his violin. I must tell you there was an organ in that room--how they contrived to buildit there who can .tll?" But, acettally, about forty years ago, Lordv Beerigh was obliged to have it taken down. No one would inhabit thile house from the eerie music which sounded continually from that room. Of course it was a trick. You shake your head ' I amn sceptical about such matters, you see ; but I will tell you the tale as 'twas told to me. They say the windows blaze with light, just as they used to flare when he and his friends held high festivity in that airy room; that, one by one, the guests depart ; and then the spectre fiddler comes out of one particular window and plays, walking round and round the balcony he loved during his life ; and they say that certain penalties follow the heatring of that unearthly music. Must you go Re member the first round dance. "HIas Beeragh been talking to you about the bad lord ?" Lady Eileen asked me as we passed from the diningroom to the drawingroom.' "Was thl t thi e picture in the library ? Do come and show it to me ; I have never seen it." We went into the great dimly-lit room. A cold sense of a presence there beyond our own two young individualities struck chill to my heart as I crossed the threshold, but Lady Eileen did not seem to feel it. She moved gayly through the empty room, and stood fronting the strange picture. " Whyl, it is the image of Beeragh," she cried, "only Beeragh has not such a dreadful expression. It is a wonderful picture, certainly, but is there not some thing very odd about it?" We stood looking at the portrait for a few moments. Then Lady Eileen clasped her hands before her face. " Oh, com away-come away ! It is horrible-it is like a living thing !" she cried. " Did you not fancy the eyes glared at us, and the lips moved? Oh, do come away r" It may onlyhsave been an effect from the shadows east by the flickering fire ligltit or only our overwrought girlish iaginiations, but we both saw, or fancied we saw, the eyes flash; and the red, thin -lips curve at us'in smile of deadly malice. We clutched eachother,- and fled, :.-- As we left the room, we were followed by a low, mocking laugh. It was some time before either of us recovered from the effects of our fright. When Lord Beeral appeared, and his sister told him our strange experience, he needs must have me show hint the library and thd mysterious picture; but seeing how I shrank back, terrified at the bare idea of returning to the room, lie did not insist upon carrying out his intention. Then we began to dance. The great room had been partially cleared of furnlituro, and made a capital ballroom. We had a largo gathering. Not only ourhouse-party, but every avail able young person in the county who could be induced to brave the intense frost and the slippery state of the roads, was present. and tile mirth and the d:ancing was fast and furious. I had been dancing with half the men in the room, and about midnight I was waltzing for the third or fourth time with Lord Beeragh. We lad been flying round thie room and had paused for a moment's breathing-space at the door of tile conser vatory. He was saying something-no matter what-whichI caused me to look up into his face. Just behind him, looking at me with cruel, mocking eyes over his shoulder, only separated from the light, and warmth, and. life of the gay ballroom by the glass doort s:uodl the mysterious figure I hald seen in f the mtorning. The likeness between the two faces lthe earl's full of life, young hope, joy and l manly beauty ; the other such a ghastly travesty of it, with the livid pallor on the cheeks, the hard, cold glitter in the eyes it was horrible ! Most hosTiblo ! I. clutched Lord Beeragh's ann. He looked down at ime with a tender smile, which changed to an expression of unbounded surprise. " sWhat is it? W?~at has alarmed you ?" a he asked. I could only point, breatlless, to the dark figure, the ghastly face, the glittering eyes behind Iinm. "Do you not see ?" I gasped out. H' 'e turned and looked. "No," he said. "There is nothing to 1 alarm you so. You are unnerved, over strung. Cosle withil me." He took my hanld to draw it through his arm. And then his whole visage 1 chlnged, his eyes dilated, thlo healthy Scolor forsook his cheek. - S"CGreat Heaven ! What is it? "Who Sis it?" le cried, as he dashed open the Sdoor. If any of those who were present that night remain alive-and tlhere must be many of them left, for thlere were 50 Oor 60 people in thile rooml-if theyehoose to speak they can subst-utiate wlhat I tell,for every one in the room heard what happened, althiohih only Lord Beeraghl, Walter and I saiw that uneai-thly figuro. Just.as in the picture-just as I had seen it in thle morning. It held a violin in'its hanilid. We saw it raise the instrumentt to it shlloulder. SWe stood spellbound. Low and clear rung the long-drawn, Sdelicate notes, so low, so soft, that their sound did not reach the ears of the Sdancing throng within. But tilhen burst upon thleir startled ears a wild whirl of I diabolic harmnony, volleying out like flame Samongst theml, drowning the music witlhin, \- checkisng tie flying feet of the dancers cuvllin,, their blood,withl such a crash of devilish, uncartlly melody as I hope and pray lnever mIay reach mly e; trs Thiere wras a breathless pause in the Sdrawingroom.n Everyone stood still, to terrified to move. For me I saw nothidg 1 butthatawful forms tandingthere amongst the bright blossoms; the face turned to wards us with alook of suchmalignant triumph that it froze my blood ; the up raised arm sending the bow flying across the strings of the instrument with such demoniac power. But I was conscious of a stronger will than my own 'supporting me, helping me to bear the terr.r "which otherwise would have crushed me. 1 felt a firtn hand clasping mine, a steadfast arm sustaining me, the warm pulsations of a brave heart beating near my own. I knew I was safe. Then 1 heanl uncle's voice. I sawr ]::i stride into the conservatory, saw tlntiorm face him, glide past himi, stand upridgit in the doorw:a.y with its cruel, tiendish smile. :uid eyes of lurid flame. Then it seelcdn to melt off into ndt?hing. I can find no other words to describe tile manner of its disappeamnce, and still louder, fiercer, that weird, awful music rang'hrough the room. Uncle staggered out of the conservatory. Greit bends ofe perspiration stood on his brow : his features were distorted with rage. . "A hunmldred pounds to anyone who will help me to detect this trick,'" ho shouted. Tho une rthly sounds ceased, and wild and shrill through the room anug, as if in defiant reply, a laugh so terrible, so demo niac, that-I reuiemnber no more. I was lying on my improvised bed in aunt's roo!m when my senses cleared. Aunt and Lady Eileen were bending over me ; t and Lord Beergli, who hadl borne une to this haven of rest, was standing at the door. I cannot tell wlhat took place that night. I remember confused noises as of hurry ing feet tramping round the house. I re member sounds of voices high overhead, and faring of torches everywhere. I seemed to know, in some curious, intuitive fashion, tihat the guests were gone, and that the police from the neighbouring towns were searching high and low for the perpetrators of what unleo insisted was a silly trick. Next morning, almost at daybreak, I returned with Lord Beeragh and his sisters to the castle; 24 hours afterwards I was raging in brain fever. They said it was that awful experience whiclrhlaid me low. .IFor lany days I was uInconscious. Aunt Alice nm.inJg me with all a mother's icnder care, and it was during my severe illn?es that liceragh Lodge gave up its terrible secret. Yet only in part, for the' dark mystery which serrounds the awrful dis covery made in that fated house never can be cleared away. Lord Beeragh insisted upon the lodge beig examinned under his own eye. eie said the house must be taken down if no other means of discovering the secrets it contained could be found, ald, roost by room, they did search it nm'reilecsly. First, the grcat saloon was dismantled and taken down with no result, then the drawingroom was pulled to pieces, the hall, the diningroom. Last of all theyi came to the library. Behind that terrible picture they found a great livid splotch upon the wall, and when tie panelling was removed they founid-a mummified form. Those who were present and saw thlat unhallowed tdifib-givFe upits terrible secret fi ie'r~ o got the sigll;?.Few, alas? survived it long. Tlere stood''that awful, silent witness to a hideous scrime. They said its eyes glared at them, that its shrivelled lips were contorted into a demoniac grin. It was attired in the full court-dress of a bygone generation, a gold-hilted rapier I was at its side. At its feetlay some frag ments of various-coloured woods; in its hand lung a broken bow. \- There was no mark of violence, so they all said, on the corpse, only there it stood, closed up into that horrible niche, just as it had been shut into it eighty years before. What deed of darkness had been wrought -what foul crime perpetrated, and for what end, never can be known. Lord Beeragh at once ordered a coffin to be prepared, and, seeing the men held back, lie and Uncle Phil endeavoured to remove the ghastly relic of humanity to its final resting place, but at a touch it crumbled to a rheap of dust. Such poor fragments as they could collect were gathered up, and buried in Beeragh clurchyard. And now for the sad sequel of my tale. 'Before the year went round there wasnot a man left to bear tle Beeragl title. Al, it was hard ! it was halrd! His deep love, his sardent spirit hbad over-leaped all bar riers. In September I was to have been his wife. I badeohim good-bye one bright May morning, and wa.tched his little boat go dancing over the ciulit waters of the lough. It was an old story-a sudden squall-a moment's carelessness. At nightfall they bore him home. 'or me, death would have been better than life. Oh, how often I have wished that the bad onlord's curse had fallen on me, and not on him ! But I found duties to fulfill, and I grew not reconciled, but patient. Uncle Phil caught what at first was only a slight cold, but it carried him off, and tllen Aunt Alice -andi lived quietly together until she, too, faded I away, and now, a weary, lonely woman, I am waiting, But when we meat the ttime will not - seem long. ?. :- ,?:,'.,,;. f ( ? .,: . . % , 