CHIPS. Cold." Rain come. Bread down again. •Alberton infested with larrikins. Ports beaten again last Saturday. Cartoon acknowledged excellent. Semaphore Corporation defy the lawyers' letter. Port football club stands a good show for bottom place this year. A big thing coming out in the Port Adelaide News presently. Only four motions for adjournment. Somebody wanted to get home. Sawtell v. Commercial Bank of S.A. the topic of the day. Who'll win ? Colony going to rise, in spite 'of oroakers' protestations to the contrary. Cheap matches and cigars at the Port the last few days. Can it be accounted for ! Geelong and South Adelaide football clubs arrived at Port Adelaide on Tuesday morning The Lotus was towed up in a disabled state by the Adelaide on Wednesday. Rudder gone, and other injuries. Captain Legoe says seamen are no good for anything 1 (Of course he didn't mean it. Wouldn't run down his own profession). Alberton and Yatala residents have to come on to railway station through the gates now. Not allowed to get on at the ends. The submarine telephone for ocean steamers promises to pay well. Help to make up for losses in other branches of the department. With a wooden toothpick, a bottle of diluted pop, and a. bunch of cigarettes the average Colorado dude can indulge in a wild, hilarious spree. "Father, dear father, come home with me now," spoke the thinly-clad little girl, "fur if you don't mammy says shell come to the saloon herself and lead you home by the ear again." " Will you have some more bread, Willie?" said a Kankakee mother to her young hopeful, yesterday. «No." " What do you say ?" "No." "No what?" "No more bread; do you take me for a bakery?" Fully Rigged.—Nautical husband (jokingly)— "Oh, I'm the mainstay of the family.' 1 Wife "Yes, and the jibbootn, and the—and the—" Small boy (from experience)—" And the spanker, too, mamma." A Kentucky minister announced to his congregatioh that there is no whisky in heaven, and at future meetingB the attendance wasBO slim that the collection receipts only afforded the preacher an average of four toddies a week. Dude (to theatre door-keeper)—" Ah, could you —aw—kt me see—aw—M'lle de Montfort. You know her—chawning young cweature, with blonde hair, don't ye know. Dawnces—aw—in the ballet." Doorkeeper (gruffly)—No, you can't see her, young feller. If yon have any message, give it to me. I'm her grandson. She Could Wait.—An Austin lady sent her servant over to the house of a sick neighbor. " Mrs. Smith saunt meober to ask you how your husband am comin' on dis mawnin'." " Very bad indeed. The doctor says he may die any minnte," was the reply. " Den I reckon I had better wait a little while, as I hasn't got nuffin else to do jest now." " I am sure baby must be sick," said a Stockton man to his'wife. "He has been crying almost incessantly for the last three days." " Yes, baby is just like Jonah, that yon read about in the Bible the other day," said the smart boy of the family. "Why?" inquired the father. "Because he has been in a wail for three days." And then there was."weeping and whaling and'gnashing of teeth. Didn't Get There.—At a seance a widow .whose mother had recently died wished to communicate with the spirit of her husband. The connection being made she said: "Do you see much of dear mauuna in heaven, John t" " I never see her at alL" " Is it possible, Jchn," continued the widow, regretfully, " that even now you cannot learn to love mamma ?" " I would be very glad to love the old lady," replied angelic John, " if I had the ghost of a chance, but the trouble is she isn't here." 