Complimentary Banquet to Mr- Boun sevell, M.P. Me. Rotjxsevell must liave felt to some extent rewarded for his 12 years' service to the Burra district hy the enthusiastic greeting which he received in the capital city of his constituency on Thursday evening, December 9. Friends and opponents vied with each other in bearing testimony to the interest which he had taken in Burra district and the good he had effected for it. Men who had con sistently opposed him at each electoral contest acknowledged this, as well as! those who have always been - numbered j .amongst his supporters. Mr. Rousr se yell's Ministerial colleague, Mr. Eixgstox, bore testimony to the zeal and ability with which he discharged the duties of his department, and his col- | league in the representation of this dis trict, Dr. Cockbue'N', the Minister of Education, though finding him generally opposed to the Government, spoke of him as a generous and noble foe. The i Chairman, Mr. Holder, Mayor of Burra,. in proposing the toast of •' Our Guest," : made a very felicitous speech, which come with the greater grace from him as one who had never been one of Mr. : Rowsevell's supporters. He referred ' to his actions as a local representative, a statesman, and as a man, and had some thing eomplimentf ry to say on each point. The lot of a Member of Parliament in a democratic community, who represents a large country district of many conflict ing interests, is not by any means a happy one. A man of any backbone could scarcely serve a constituency for 12 years without treading on somebody's corns. Our junior Member has been no exception, and few of those who attended the conrplimentary banquet last week, even those who were most eulogistic in their commendations, could say that they endorsed his views on all public ques tions. Points of difference were, how ever, as a rule, sunk on that occasion, and all united in honoring the guest. Those who expected aty political significance in tho gathering were disap pointed. The speeches were of the usual post praudial character. Thero was one little passage of arms between Mr. Ward, M.P., who in responding for the Parliament was rather severe on the present Ministry, and Dr. CockBtjRX, who rebuked him in dignified terms for his partisanship, as he termed it. With this exception the speeches made were from a political point of view tame and common place; The financial position of the colony was the nightmare which seemed to weigh on the patriotic bosoms of the speakers. It was the skeleton of the feast, and like Banquo's ghost seemed to hauut the banquetters. In the Teetulpa goldfields the oppressed ones all seemed to find relief, the bright lining to the cloud of depression. As an ex-Treasurer Miv Bounsevell • had of course something to say about our financial troubles, and expatiated at some-j length on his panacea of selling Crown. lands for cash. "While the land was' selling wo wero prosperous" he contends. No doubt, but it was the prosperity of the spendthrift who squanders his heritage, hence the collapse which has followed. Mr. Bounseveel is more out of touch with his constituents, particularly the farmers, on this point than on any other, except, perhaps, Payment of Members. Certainly he does not advo cate the indiscriminate sale of the public estate, only, as he put it, the unprofitable portion, and he brings forth some very forcible arguments in favor of the pro posal. We can only regard it, however^ as a retrograde step. It is going back to the old land shaking days, and taking, up a discarded policy which has been already stamped with the brand of failure. Perhaps our junior Member may be able to devise some safeguard by which the evils which were so disastrous in the past may be avoided, but this we doubt. The only item in the speech which was of local interest was the reference to the loop .line to join the Silver ton railway. Although a member of the Ministry which carried the line from Petersburg, it is gratifying to find that he has not wavered in the opinion he always ex pressed that Terowie should have beeu the starting place, and he is now of opinion that a loop line is the only remedy, and that it will have to be made. Bazaar.—It will be seen by a notice in our business columns that our Baptist friends will hold a bazaar and tea meet ing on Christmas day, which we trust will be duly patronised. Mr. Geo. Dawsox writes that he has arrived safely in Melbourne after a plea sant voyage, and is woiking away merrily. Messrs. Mason & Pirth, the firm with which he is employed, are very busy in their printing establishment, and all hands are therefore kept going constantly. Holiday Traix Arrangements.—By an advertisement in our business columns it will be seen that a table of all special train and ticket arrangements has been prepared, and can be seen at all stations,' or will be sent by post on application to Mr. Pendleton, General Traffic Manager. Children's Concert.—We would re mind our readers of the school concert1 to-night. The juveniles have been practising assiduously for some time, and as it is the first school concert held in Terowie there should be a large atten dance. They have been very successful in other places. Cricket. — To-morrow the Terowie Eleven visit the Burra to try conclusions with the local team. This is the first meet ing between the two clubs this season, and as both have been showing very good form, a good match should result* The following is the Burra team :—Blott, Jennings, Linkson, Mugge, Herbert, Parks, Eordham, Jenkins, Wade, Ker, Kelloway. Social.—On Thursday, December 23, an entertainment under the above name is to be held in the Wesleyan Church, Terowie. The last social was such a decided success that the Itev. I. Perry is encouraged to repeat the experiment. The present one is, however, on a larger scale than the first one, and as will be seen in our business columns a long and varied programme is provided. The Pry family, from Mintaro, are coming up. They are quite a musical family, and constitute .a very good band in them selves, and there is the novelty of several lady players in the band. Altogether a good evening's amusement is promised, and as a supper is given in, and all for' Is., everybody who patronises the social may depend on getting the worth of their monev. New Wheat.-—The first new wheat of this season's growth was delivered in Terowie on Saturday last. Mr. W. Cullen, agent for Roach Brothers, was the purchaser. The wheat was grown by Mr. 0. Barton, and the c'rop is esti mated to average 12 bushels per acre. The sample is a fair one',- although rather green. There are very few of the crops ripe enough for reaping in this district yet, and there will not be much wheat delivered here before Christmas. Miss Caehy Nelson performed in the Institute Hall, Terowie, on Friday even ing last. There was a fair attendance. Mr. J. F. McFadyon also assisted, but on the lady devolved the greatest share of the evening's amusement. She is certainly a talented ach'ess, but the strain of playing for two hours without a break is too much for her powers. The first pieep performed was " Married Bliss," in which various domestic scenes occur, interspersed with a few curtain lectures. A comic version of " Cinderella" followed, "and. rather dragged a bit. Mr. McFad yen attempted to recite " Tarn O'Shan ter," and completely spoiled the piece. Elocution is not his forte, and the ghost of Burns should haunt him for murdering his master-piece. Later on he gave Byron's "Battle of Waterloo," which was also very badly rendered. He missed several lines, and his. pauses were mixed up in the most admired confusion. The concluding piece was entitled " The Soldier's Daughter," in which Miss Nel son introduced several songs, including " Steer my Barque to Erin's Isle," which was composed by her father, the late Sidney Nelson. She sings with a trained and cultivated voice, but indulges in rather too many runs and variations. With better support Miss Nelson would contribute a really first- class entertain ment, but she is rather overweighted in having virtually to give the whole per formance herself. 