THE CHRISTIAN EVIDENCE ' SOCIETY -* FIRST ANNUAL MEETING. Last night tho first annual meeting of tho Christian Evidence Society of New South AVales was hold in the large room of the Young Men's Christian Association bunding. Tho attendance, owing to the Avot weather, was only moderate. Tho Bishop of Sydney (president of the Booiety) oooupiod the ohajr, the following gentlemen being on the platform :-Reva. Dr. Kolynaci, A. Gardiner, M.A., Principal Kinross, D.D., Pata, Canon Rich, Orain, Middleton, Riding, and Arehdall; also, Mossis.'H. Picton. J. Mullens, G. Lewis, J. Pottle, Knapp. AVright. and Wilson. 1 The Ohaisíian said ho had received soveral letters of apology, one of which was from his Excellency the Goyemor, saying that, owing to his absence from Sydney, he was prevented from presiding at their meeting. Ha (tho ohairman) suggested that he be empowered to request the Governor to assume tho office of patron of the society, and bo thought lío might consider the suggestion earned by acclamation. (Prolonged applause.) Iii» then called upon the hon. secretary to read tho roport. Tho Rev. Meiivyn Akchdall then read the first annual icport of the Christian Evidenco Society of New South AVales.-"The formal inauguration of this society took place on November l8, 1!>34, at a public meeting held in tho Protestant Hall, provided over by the most Rev. lho Lord Bishop of Sydnov. Immediately afterwards the committee then appointed met, mid rules and legulutioua wore drawn up, published, and circulated. During the your 1885 the following lectures were delivered :-1. ' Tho relation of evidence to faith,' by tho most Reverend the Lord Bishop of Sydnoy. 2. 'Soieiico and tho Biblo,' by the Rev. It. Steel, D.D. 3. ' Buddhism and Christianity : a comparison and contrast,' by the Rov. J Jefferis, LL.D. i. ' Our Lord Jesus Christ, tho only credible explanation of the history, scriptures, and principles of Isiaol,' by the Rev. Mervyn Arekdnll, H.A. 6. ' Can man livo without religion V "by tho Rev. Princip'al Kinross, D.D. 6\. ' How does the theory of evolution boar upon lcligious bolief,'by the Rev. Conon Sharp, M.A. 7. ' ThoPeison of Jesus Chrifjt the souice of His power,' by the Rev. T. Hibberd. 8. ' Tho Bible the only ciediblo explanation ot what man was, is, and will be,' by the Hon. Alexander Gordon, M.L.O. The Rov. G. Campbell and Mr. C. S. Wilkinson, who had pio/bised to deliver leoturea, wero un- happily prevented fiom doing so by illneis. The Rev. F. Hibberd -kindly filled the place of one of thom. This ¿our«» of lectures is about to bo published at a cheap rate, and willi the council trusts, prove acceptable and useful to many of the moro educated and thoughtful of tho com- munity. A Christian Evidence class was formed at tbo beginning of 1886, and mot nt St. Andrew's schoolrooms for several months, when owing to the fact that a numbor of the members reside in lho suburbs it was deemed udvis able to discontinue it in the hope of bein)* able te form local classes ; steps in this direction havo been takou by Mr. Picton, who conducted tho above-mentioned class. In November, 1885, your council considered it advisable to appoint a public lecturer and agent, and em Mr. Picton was known to have lind considorablo oxperienco in the work of ' contending for the faith,' it was resolved to ask bim to accept tho appointment. The council is pleased to say that he has done so for the period of 12 months, at a salary of £260, and travelling expenso» not to exceed £60. Mr. Pic- ton entered upon his work on the l»t of Fobruary last; and sinco then he has delivered nine lectures in reply to tho utterancos of the special lecturer of the Secular Association, attending at the Gaiety Theatre on 8unday nighta to tako notes, and replying eaoh wctik on the following Friday. These lectures have all been delivered in the large hall of tho Y. M. C. A. to overflowing nudiencoa. Tbo subjects treated were as follows :-'Can Man know God F' 'Theology, the world's curso'; ' Sectarianism,the world's salvation'; 'Jesus Christ;' 'Law, not God;' "Lifo and Dcutlf, or has man a soul?' 'Geology and the Bible;' 'Pious Frauds, or infidel dcadthbeds exposed ; ' ' Can tbo design argument 'bo exposed ir' Mr. Picton has also delivered lectures at Ultimo, Redfern, Parramatta, and Goulburn; aud has made arrangements for tho further delivery of lectures in tho suburbs. The council are thankful to bo ablo to state that theso icctuics have become vory popular, and aro tho means of much good. In May, 1885, it was decided to employ a collector for the society, and Mr. Betts, who was appointed, energetically ful- filled the duties of his ollico till November, when ho was succeeded by Mr. AVay ; and this latter gentleman having recently resigned, Mr. Davis tho present collector has been appointed aB u most suitublo person for this impoitant vvoik. lu conclusion, the council would impiess upon tbo membors of the society, and ou the Christian public generally, the glowing importance of such an organisation as. that of tho Christian Evidence Society. Tho activity of thooo who unhappily mo oppooed to the great truths and pimciples on which our Clmstian civilisa- tion rests is increasing and dctoi mined ono of their chiof objects being to secularise tbo Loid'B Day Ihoireffoits should tbcroioro be met with corresponding vigoui and determination , and your council most earnestly appeals to the members of the Church of Chi 1st for their moral and material support, without vvbioh tho society's woik can- not bo efficiently dono Taith docs not indeed lesult solcl) fiom the exercise of thoughts-it is an act ot confi- dence which rc«ults from tho functions of a soul in their whole , but vt lth many unreflecting poisons reiterated asser- tions when uncontiadicted take» the placo of argument, projudico is created, misconceptions ni* rnikod or strength- ened, and men aro lead into the wuj of daikuess and death It is foi us to anest them Our v oik is preventivo mid conlirinatoiy It is to tbo conscience, mid to tbo will thiough tho reason, that Jesus Chiikt appeals A pisïion subdued, an act oi devotion, a saenfico made to duty, is moro important than all ai guineuts But w e «¿hould evoi oboj the Apostolic command ' Sanctifj in jour hearts Chnet as Loid being îeady alvvajB to give answer te every man that nsketh you a reabon concerning the hopo tbut is in j ou, jet with meekness and fpai having a good con- science, tbut w hoi oin jo are spoken against thoy may bo put to shame who revilo j out mteuner of hie m Christ,' for Ho is the light of the woild, and the saviour of all men, especially ot thoso whobohevo " Ihe treasurer's statement showed that during the j car £226 Is 4d had been received, and the expenditure amounted to £16G 7» 9d , leaving a credit balance at tho end of tho j em of £08 Iiíb 7d The Chaihman said ho had thought it best, before giving his address, for them to bave the îppoit of the past year's opeiations rcud, -o thut'tbey mimili understand the work that had beon done by the bociety dunug tho past j ear Ho had done that because on an occasion of the soi t it was nattual for them to look back and ask whether lho sooiety bad icallj fulfilled tho functions for which it had been onginallj staitcd Those who founded the society alw av s 1 ecoguiscd that the w ork of tho socioty vi us really subsidiary to the work of tho Church Ihoy wore woll aware that tbo two great evidences oi tho truth of Christianity wore Christianity itself and tho Lord Jesus Christ They knew that thdwotk of tho hociety was, m somo scnt.0, uitcimcdiute to tbo moro spiritual work dono Sunday alter Sundaj by the Chufctian churches They could only deal with certain causes of doubt and unbelief, and he was inclined to think that the most potent forces against Christianity were still sin and ignorance The society, therefore, had to confine itself to the more abstract forms of unbelief, such as rationalism or scepticism, which was always seeking for evidence which, by tho nature of things, could not be had (Applause ) It was only with causes of doubt, hesitation, and unbelief that their society had to deal, and though those phrases sounded formidable, and were formidable, he believed that those causes counted for only a small fraction of what was opposed to Christianity The object of tho society was also not to demonstrate Christianity is a philosophy but to give ground for Christianity as a faith-(applause)-to givo giound for faith 111 tho revelation of faed made in and thi oii(,h tbo Lord Jesus Christ These were tbo ideas with which the socipt) vtus founded, and it desuod to follow them out by three practical munni lu tho hist placo lecturoö deul lng with the moro intellectual aspects of the subject were delivcicd, and bo thought they would admit that the lectures which bid beeu delivered dealt completely and fully with the many great questions agitating the minds of mai, and which tuniotimos wore made instruments Í01 shaking or disti acting faith Another interesting feature of those lectures wt.n that on each occasion tho chun lind been taken by leading lajmen of Sjdney, who delighted to como forwaid in this wuj to tcstifv their adhesion to the old faith (Applause ) The next mums adopted was a elats for instruction m Clmstian evideneo, but the t lass had not reached its full development Ho w tis of opinion that this paiticularfonuof w ork should bo locally earned ou, and should be content with small beginnings, in the way ho believed the vi01k of theso classes would bo more systematically dono He thought that had boen tho least useful portion of their work in tho past ycai The lectures of which he spokofhst were mainly positive and not conetruotit 0 , that is, they were rather eoncorned in giving grounds for Christian faith He was glad to ¡to knowledgo tho mvaluuble work dono by hu friend, Mr Picton- (applause) - who, before tbo Jk ciot«, was called into existence, was at woik, he believed through tho influenco and help of the Hen A Goidon-(nppluu»io)-in the sanio cause He consideied that tho Bociety bad been successful in doing its vt 01k lhere was one evideneo tiftorded by the existence of the Bocietj, nnmoly, that whatever tho uuhappv divisions ex- isting the Church vt as substantially ono (Apphiiibo ) Ho bad beaid all the lectures he had an opportunity oí listening to, and could not tell from the lectures thom nclvos to which Church the leetmer belonged-(upplauso)_ and if tho Roman Catholic Church had joined them und sent men down to deal with the science of Church faith, ho did not think their hiumony would huv 0 been broken The divisions of tho Chun h were a scandul to tho f Hi Iii, a bindi ance to process, and they wore bienchos in then Zion (Applause) But it wub evident that theso divisions did not touch the foundations of their faith, and that thev could all moot on 0110 singlo platform (Hear, hear) AVas not that an ovidcnre to the world tht t nftci nil there was tomo unity in the Chiistiunity of the niuo tecnih century Se much for tho past AVbutweie tiley to do 111 the j car before them ? They desired te cairy on, in all its points the woik they had begun-(applause)-and they hoped to cstabluh brauchcB oi tho tociety 111 every city of Now South AVales, through the work of Mr Picton He hoped to «ce dusses for tho study of ChriBtian evideneo opening up in various local centres, and if ho might bo allow ed to give a woid of ndv ico for these clowes it would bo that thev should bo least concerned on polemical points of objection, but most concerned m building up Chrishun truth AVilh regard to their lectures, Hieir programmo vtns not yet drawn out, but be was inclined to think that thoy might secure a closer connection between the subiecta of the lecture» thoa wa ' done last year, niß belief was that the groat foo to Chris* tian faith was not tobo found in rival systems of roligiotj. or philosophy, but in the wilful suspension of bolief, or in¡ that which VV113 termed agnosticism,1 a form which some- times ' appeared to him to arise from mental and spiritual indolence. There were, he believed, forms of suspension of belief which were more dangerous, because more widely prevalent ; he thought wat practical godlessness was the greatest enemy they had to1 fight, and the absorption in the affairs of this world to "tim neglect of God was tho great danger of tho civilised world. (Applause.) Ho would utludo in passing to the burning question exercising the minds of the pooplaof Sydn«y at tho prosont timo. Ile liad been struck by tho record of interest in the proceedings of the two Houses of Parliament. Tho Assembly was crowded on the occasion of^ the dobate in reference to French annexation of the New Hebridos. Tho subject was of great imporrance to the outward prosperity and advancement of thi» colony-(applause) but the Legislative Council was engagod ou a subject, to his mind, of infinitely greater importance-(hool', hear)-tho question whether social life should not be based upon Christian law, tho question whether they ought tp oboy , tho law inaugurated'by their Lord when Ho was upon' earth. In the. division which took place on that' measure .curcelv more than one-fifth, of tho members of the Council took part, mid when tho subjoet carno to bo dealt with in committee it was absolutely impossiblo to secure a quorum. That scemod to ljim terribly sig- nificant. Whon dealing witli political questions of im- portance tho people wero roused, mid tho legisla- ture awoke and did its duty; . but when dealing with a subject that lind nothing to do with political piosperity, but which- had" to elo with a subject of transcendant importance to the moral' and' spiritual life of tho community,'then the whola 'thing wits . treated . with languidapathy; tho work went on, una, so far as ho knew, tho organs of publio opinion did not caro'to say' ono word upon tho subject. Ho was convinced that three parts of the objections against' Church truth arose from ignorance ' of what Holy ' Scripture really was, and ' what it w?s not.v , Mçn seemed to forgot that the buckbono of the Bible vi'iis history, und as it dealt with human lifo, it must deal not only with tho fairest, but with tho more repulsive features also. Ho had heard it objected that tho Bible contained too much law, but ' that was necessary, because the laws had to ' deal with sins. ' All those objections seemed to him to come from a misapprehension of what tho Bible really was. There was a great ignorance also of Church history, and ho thought tho society would be doing good'if it wore to give a series of lectures to tho direct Btudy of the Holy Scriptures, and another to show how Christianity had grown' to what it is, and tho enduranco afforded'.by itsjgrowtli., .Ho was not afraid thut if tho society entered upon thoso two difficult subjects it would not bo ablo to carry thom to a succossf ul issuo. Their society ought to have tho sympathy of every thoughtful Christian. Thoy were ' entering with confidence» on another year of work, and they vyould need the in- creased Bupport of all Christian peopio. That might bo material support, for though tlioir oxpeudituioliii tho past your had not been groat, it would bo greater; butboyond material contributions they want tho mural contributions of sympathy arid -prayer. It was with conildonca thoy ontprcdupon thoir socond year, mid heprnyodthat God would bless the society to tho advancement of lils glory and tho good of His Church. (Prolonged applauso.) The Ruv. Dr. Keltnack moved,-"That this meeting; desires to express its thankf ulnuss to Almighty God for tho> measure of success which has attended the efforts of ' Tho Christian Evidenco Society of Now South Wales,' and, ia view of the prevailing tendency of the ago, pledges itself to) five au increased moral and material support to this society." Io said that he had groat pleiiburo in taking part in tho proceedings, and thought it was a matter of congratulation, that in the society they bud an organisation for the defence) of the faith. He had road the lectures delivered under tho auspices vof tho society, and had heard Mr. Picton replying to lecture delivered ugainst charily, and, judging from what he heaid, ho thought tho argumont» put forward against churity was vory lean diet. (Ap- plause.) It seemed to him that tho teaohings of tho Biblo on the Genesis of the heavens and earth was nobler thoa tho theories of olden or of moro modern times. (Applause.) Or if thoy look tho book na a record of history thoy would, find it authentic. The literary character of tho Biblo was very high in comparison vi ith aonio fiimous writings, Homor . being feeble mid Milton taino as compared to them. To him it argued a dofectivo mind-ho would almost say a base mind-to treat tho Book with disdain. (Applauso.) It was a book inwrought into nil departments of Jiteraturo, and art. (Applause.) Tho othios of the Biblo were of tho \ highest, and tho bitterest enemies of it could not but honestly admit thut if curried out tho world would enter upon a perfect. pia. If thoy took tho morality of tho Biblo, it was briefly summed up in this : " Thou shalt love the Lord thy Ood with all thy heartland with all thy son], and with all thy Btrength and with all thy mind ; and thou shalt love thy neighbbur as thyself." (Applause.) Tho morality of the Biblo^stood iu a piuco of supremo importance. Its moral teachings would enrich tho home and society ; as regulating commerce, politics, and tho press, it gavo all tho elemeuts of well being. He had lately come from Fiji, where fifty years ago, before tlio introduction of tho Bible, there was an absence of moral power, and ii people bunk in degradation, and sin ; but Bible teaching had raised tho people. Tho mother country, as thoy wero pleased to call it, owed all to ' the Biblo, anil truly did tho Queen write on tho fly leaf of tho Biblo silo presented to mi African chief, " This ia the secret of England's groatucbb." Her ad horeuco to tho Biblo bud placed England in tho van of nations. (Applause.) The touchiugB of tho Biblo wero characterised by benovolenco und philanthropy, and if tho tenderncsB of the Biblo were but universal social evils,' would, so to speak, bo dried up. Was not thu Biblo tit tiny root of tho movement to protect tho purity of vvoraun, and emboldened men to bring villains who would assail it inUi the ligh tof public exécration 'i (Anpluiuo.) Tho world rings' from tho snows of Greenland to tho rock» of Fiji with what tho Biblo hud don« in raising tho people in morality, and preparing thom for the lifo that is to como. Paganism gave no satisfaction to tho mind or heart, but left mon iu doubt. There wore thoso who biiid that science was to rnisoj man, but science was. often found accompanied witli depraved lives. Tho Biblo alono was the panuco» for all oviis, for under tho touchings of tho Holy Ghost it taught mou how to live, und opened before them k glorious futuro. Ho commendod the objects of tho society to the Bupport of Chribliuns. (Applause.) Mr. WitiGHT, in seconding tho motion, reforred to thd necossity of moro systematic work in teaching tho claims of tho Biblo, and to tlio danger before youths with too much, leisure in the varioub froothought toaohingB propagated from different halls in Sydney, where the arguments against tho Biblo were often biibed upon detached pussages, and be- i cause thofe arguments wero not answered muny of these youths imagined they wero unanswerable. Ho considorod that tho Christian public should bo quite us ready to sub- scribe to the Christian Evidenco Socioty ub to Booioties for Bending tlio Gospel to other lands, for it was equally de- serving. Hu had great pleasure in seconding tho motion. The motion was put and carried unanimously. The Rev. Andrew Gardiner, M.A., said he was in full sympathy with tho society, which was of special im- portance in such a city as Sydney. There was a great deal of opposition to Christianity and Gospel truth, and there was great need of such an organisation as tho Christian Evidence Society. There were, he believed, but few really honest freethinkers, and these they should treat with consideration ; ' but there were many people who called themselves freethinkers, but who hardly ever took tho trouble to think at all. He had attended tho deathbed of a young man, and found out that ho becamo what ho termed a freethinker in this way :-On first arriv* ing in tho colonies ho went into a Molbourne church, and; shortly after entering, a gcntloninn went in, and said t» him, "That is my scat, sir." Tho young mart left tho church mid novcr entered a ohurell again, but joined the ranks of tho so-called freethinkers. The speaker proceeded to speak of tho valuable work bcinff done by Mr. Picton. Ho moved that tho following gon tleiuen bo the council and ofiico-beurorH of the Booloty for tho ensuing - year :-President, tho Bishop of Sydney ; bPoretury, Rov. M. Archdull, M.A. ; counuif treasurer, Mr. James It. Fairfax; Rova. G. North Ash, M.A.; Charles Bright, J. II. Flotcher, Dr. Kolynaok, A. Gardiner, M.A., Canon Gunther, M.A., _. Hibberd, A. M. Jarvie, J. Jefferis, LL.D., Principal Kunoss, D.D., J. O'rum, A. Rivers, S. Savage, Pastor Schenk, H. S. Tovoy, also Sir W. Manning, Su J. G. L. Innes, Messrs. 0. Lowis, J. Mullens, H. G. Picton, J. Pottio. T. Rowe, W. Russell, W. G. Wilson, and E. Vickory, with powor to add to thoir number." , Mr. J. Mullens seconded tho motion, which waa ? earned unanimously. Tho proceedings olosedwith the benediction. 