Widow Watson. By R. P. WII IT WORTH. A wet Christmas. You know what that means on the diggings. It mesne hot, moggy weather, mud vp to your knees; dimp, dirt, and discomfort generally. Bat it also means a big washing up, and consequent plenty of gold, with its conaomitants, drinking, gam bling, riot, disorder, and devils' danoe gene* rally that characterise the diggings, or rather, did characterise the diggings of, let as say, twenty years since. What a dark yet lurid shadow the early days on tne gold-fields seems to oast over the memories of those who have lived long enough to recollect them. The days of easy getting,and reckless spending, of desperate toil and mod revel, of hardships and danger, and thought less waste, of crime perhaps, and suffer ing. And yet from out ol thoBe dark days, from amidst thoBe bands of careless and lawless adventurers, ever now and again, Bhine out j vivid gleams of God's own sunlight, that show all the more brightly for the murky elouds by whioh they are environed. Suoh an one, of many I have known, occurs to me now. A wet Christmas, or, rather, Christmas Eve, on the Walbalfa diggings. Then had been a week's rain, and Stringer's Creek and the Thompson were running bankers to the lakes below. The rounded hump of Hoont Baw Baw loomed hazily through the light drizzle, looking all the miles he was distant instead of, as he was wont in fine weather, appearing almost to overhang the valley on the steep bill sides of whioh the to in era sought tbeir rich treasure. The roads and tracks, such as they were, were covered with a tbiok layer of yellow mire and slush, and all nature seemed as miserable and dejeeted as ehe usually does under suoh conditions. In the afternoon, however, the rain partially cleared ofi, and ithe sun even got a chanoe now and again to lighten op the prospect with a tearful smile. Bat melancholy as everything looked out side, within doors there were vary high jink* indeed, and the sound of revelry, not to say devilry, impregnated with the fames ot to bacco and the odor of rum, and fringed with a garniture of ohoiee digger blasphemy, is sued from every hotel and shanty in the township. In a word, money was plentiful, the men were in high spirits, and Bullocky Ben, the burly landlord of the 11 Piok and 8hovel," who was usually of a grumbling disposition, was heard to declare that there Hadn't been each a " roust op," 'since he'd been in the oountry. Drinking, swearing, smoking, dancing, Binging, quarrelling, and, above all, csrt playing, were in full blast, and poker, euehre, oribbage, Yankee Grab, and other devices, bp whioh the unholy allianoe of gamblers and ehanty-keepers ease the miner of his hardly won gold, wtat merrily on. Why try to describe the ssene furthest ThoBe of the olden time who have been in it And of it, will easily realize it, those wfio have not, never can. That afternoon, or rather, evening, just as the sun was giving a farewell glint, prior to going to bed beyond the Western ranges, the Blosb, elosh of a heavily shod man, might have been heard leisurely tramping through the wet scrub and'deep mud, bom the direction of the Tubal Cam mine, and making for the township. Presently he emerged Irom the bush into view. He was a big, stalwart fellow, black-bearded, and em browned by exposure to the sun and weather. Hard-handed, hard-featured, with that far pS, yet determined, almost defiant look that tells so surely of the stern battle of life fought yet not always won. He was clad in the inevitable slouched billy-cock hat, a rough blue jumper, and moleskin trousers stained with slush and bedaubed with olay, he looked the very picture of what he was, a hardy, fearless, rough and tumble old time digger, equal to either fortune, and ready at any mo ment either for a feast or a fray. Curly, lor that was the soubriquet by whioh he was mostly known, was indeed a hard ease, honest indeed, industrious, and true as stsd, but somewhat, it is to be feared, of a hard living, hard ewearine, graceless reprobate, a type, in shbrt, of a olass of whieh then were BO many in those days. As he aame down the hill and approaohed the fallen tree whioh served as a bridge over the yellow rushing creek, a sadden, heavy downpour of rain caused him to turn aside for shelter, in a little shed attaohed to a small slab hut a little way back from the track; and, without intending to be an eavesdropper, he could not help overhearing what was being eaid in the sorry dwelling. By-and-by his attention and his cariosity were aroused, Bnd as by moving a little, and peeping between a slit in ths logs, he oould eee without being seen, te looked in. The room was meanly and soantily furnished, and by the empty fire place, seated on a low stool, was a woman of some ihiriy years of age. She had a gray, faded, sorrowful look, the ead, wan look that patient resignation to evil foriuns stamps on the face so certainly, and alas, so indelibly, Leaning on her lap, and gazing intently into her face, was a little boy, barely a baby, hardly two years old, and, on a roughly constructed bunk of Bap lings, sat two other ooildren, girls, of about four and six respectively. They were the widow Mrs. Watson and family, tbe widow and fatherless ohildren of Harry Watson, an industrious miner who had been working at the Long Tunnel, and who had been accidentally killed by the fal ling of a tree, eighteen monthB before. The company had buried him, and bad done something for the widow, oertainly, hot ohf so little for her needs, and she had eked out a living by washing and doing needlework; but Bbe overtaxed her strength, and had long been ailing, and as she was very reserved,' and never paraded her poverty, she seemed to have dropped out of mind. " l'se doin' to hand my 'tokin' up fo' Fanta Fiauf to putsum6n' in, den we's have a dood dinner, eh, mamma ?" the little fellow said, as Curly peered in. Thu widow's eyes filled with tears, but Bhe made no repty. " S rnta Claus doesn't come bo high up in these ranges as we live," said the elder girl. " V 2s he does," eaid the younger, " don't you temember, once, at Christmas, he put something in our stockings. I got a bright new i '.xpence and a doll. But that was be fore )<a died." "I'jsdoin'to be a big man soon, I is," said the little boy, bravely, " den l'se doin' to be a didder 'ite pa, and 'den l'e det p'enty money an' fings. Isn't I ma?" " Oh children, obildreo," said the widow, choking baok a sob, and smiling, or trying to smile through her falling tears, "we are poor, very poor, but never mind, we'll be better off some day, and then-and then-" But the poor woman fairly broke down, and wept silently. " What mates you always try so, ma 1" asked the little fellow, gently etroking the faded faae with hie ahubby hands. " Oh, my darlings, my poor, innocent,belp less little ones, you'll break my heart with your prattle. I cry because 1 have no food to give you, hardly any tiring, no money, no anything. A little dry damper, that is all. When that's gone. God help us." " Qod will help us, mamma. You have often told us so, and you always speak the truth," said the elder girl, caressingly, and clasping the widow round tbe neck,and softly kissing her. " besides I'm not hungry, at least, not very." Curly could bear no more. Be made) once as if be would li '.m knocked at thu door, but after a moment's hesitation, he turned s away. oftly ***?-» Tbe " I'jck and Bbovol "-and, for the matter of that, every other hotel .and shanty in the township-was doing a roaring trade thai evening, and Bullocky Ben, hie wifn, Jim the batman, Moll Dowd, the big, red haired servant girl, and lloppy .loo, the odd jab man, was as busy as they oonld bo, read ing in the golden harvest. Tho bar waif full, the parlor was full, BO was the long dining room, eo was the kitchen, The atmonphcre waa thick with tobacoo smoke, the noise wan uproarious, as ' 'urly strode in from tho mud puddle that did duty an the main itreet. '? Hello, Curly I" shouted Long Nod the packer, as be caught sight of Curly'" laoe in the doorway. " Where you baen? l'nrn mo it you don't look as soared as if you'd seen a ghost." There was a lull in the hubbub, as every one in tbe room turned to look at t ho new oomer's Bolemn countenance. He did look aoared enough, in sober faet. "Boy»," said Curly, impressively, " I lum seen a gboat, and such a gboBt as I can't say I'm sorry lor Neeing. And it's fetched me, you bet. Fetched me up all standing, as a feller may say." There waB a dead silence, and someone asked: " What have you seen ?" " A ghost, mates. The ghost of days long gone by. The ghost of forgotten things. The ghoBt of undone duty. The men looked at him, and at each other in surprise. Even the card players suspended their games. " Boys," be went on, " I've seen this blessed evening what's brought the Bait water into my eyes, and by Genrge I I ain't ashamed to gay it. You all remember poor Harry Watson, as was killed at tbe Long Tunnel two year sinoe oome June?'' "Yes, yes." " Well, I happened to be passing tbe Widder's this afternoon, and turned into the lean-to to shelter out o' tbe rain, and there 1 see and beareummnt as laid me out, knocked the sawdust olean out o' me. There was that poor oreatur' a-sittio1 cryin' over them fatherless babbies-oryin', mates, o'count of bavin' no food to give 'em. Tbink o' that, boys, this blessed Christmas time, and no food to give 'em. I couldn't stand their in nosent talk, by George I couldn't, I bad to eat and ran. If I hadn't I should ha' blabbed right out. Now, you've all heer'd o' that Santa CIbus bb bring thingB for kids on Christmas eve?" " Yes, yes." "Vary well. This 'ere's Christmas eve, and we've had a good washin' up, all on us. Now, what I mean for to say is this 'ere, that Walballa's not goin' to be played so low down on as not to have a Santa Claus of its own. And that Santa Clause is goin' to tbe Widder'a thia very night, on the quiet, as it wtre. We ain't a mean lot o' skunks on these diggin's, not aa I knows on. There's my bat, and there's my pound note in tbe . crown on it. Anybody can cover it as likes." Bendigo Sam, the biggest rongh and bully, and the moBt inveterate gambler on the iiald, rose quietly bom the table, Raying in, for him, a wonderfully soft voioe : " Put down yooroards, boys, I'm in this I reckon. There's my pound. Who'e next?" ? There was no need to ask. In a moment Ottrly was surrounded by a sympathetic crowd, and notea, gold, and silver were poured Into the hat aaif by magio. "Pasi it round here," called someono from the bar, and the l'aotolean stream rolled ii. " Faia it round the township," crieil one entbusiastio contributor, " I reckon we mountain boys do things right ap to the nines when we do 'am at all." And it waa done. Some gave in money, aanfein kind. The affair by some means bad tpread through the plaos, and all n&ve; something, the result being that Santa Claus feast have had a very big paek indeed to bold half the offerings of these rough and 'ready, but generouB, dwellers in the wilder Dens. The townahip appeared to be oppressed with tome great and profound seoret all that evening. Men who met in the hotels, stores, or atreet, whispered to each other myste riously, or oonversed in low, Boletnn tones. Even the card players at tbe tavernB seemed to be preoooupied, and Bendigo Sam twice made amisdeal.a thing hebad never before been . known to do within the memory of his oldtsl aoqdaictanoe. Quarrels were made up, old friendships which Had been severed, renewed, and, lingular to relate, for tbe Ursttimein . tb* history of Waiballa, the eve of festival waa allowed to pass without a flight, or a solitary individual being "run in" to the polioe oamp. It was as if the inhabitants jiad had premonition of some vast moral .artbquake or volcanic erruption. At u little after midnight half a score of ftqut fellows, eaoh loaded up witb a package more or less bulky and weighty, might have been aeen moving stealthily along the valley in the direction of tbe widow's residence. Tbe rain had ceaBed, and a watery moon shone in the firmament, now visible, now obsaured by tbe driving ecud overhead. There waa not a eound save the harsh brawl ing of the swollen oreek, and tbe querulous whimper of some belated 'possum in the dis tant bosh. Noiselessly they approaohed tbe log cabin. All wm silence, all darkness. Noiselessly they laid down their bnrdenB at the door nnaer the little overhanging porob, and as noiseleaaly they glided away again, fading out into the semi-darkness like so many ahadowy spectres. Meanwhile the ohildren slept peacefully, dreaming, it might be, of the Angelic quire who hailed the natal day of the I iod-ohild with exultant oarols of transcendent sweet ness more than eighteen centuries before. Slept, saoh with its little stocking pinned above its head in ohildish faith in the dear old legend wc all know and love to teach. The bours of darktess sped. The bell bird and magpie hailed the advent of the earned morning with the metallic music of their joyous notes. Tbe rosy blush of dawn spread over the eastern Bky, lighting up the peaks that rose tier after tier in the grey dis tance. The fresh crisp wind rustled the leafy aoreen of tbe lofty gums and the eweet saented wattle-blossom, and the mother rose from her lowly couoh to prepare the meagre morning meal with the moisture in her eyas, and tbe dull aobing of blank despair in her heart. No need for her to look into those poor little atookings banging at the bed's head. No neod to wake the little sleepers to the dis appointment that must come too soon. She went quietly and silently to work, built up Bome kindling for the fire, tben opened the door to get a stiok or two of wood from tbe small store in tbe shed. (treat heavens I what was this? Was it a dream? Was it a mookery of the Henses 7 Was it witohoraft ? A heap of packages huddled into the door way, and on the topmost one a card securely sewn, and bearing the inscription : " The Widow and ohildren Watson, from Santa Claua." Sbe staggered back into the room, and, in a voice that seemed soarcely her own, oalled on the little ones to wake and see this marvel of marvels. Marvel of marvels indeed. Wonder beyond b11 wondering. The very embarrass ment of riches. The ohildren had never seen anything like it before. I'lour, tea, sugar, butter, cheese, bacon, a fat goose, tinned meats-why go on enumerating. There was everything human eye had ever seen, or human heart could desire. l''ood of all kinds, materials lor clothing, suoh few toys as the township oould afford, poor things enough, but, to them, of priceless value. And, last of all, tbe little boy came to a small parcel carcfully stitched up in a pince or canvas. "Here mamma," lieHaiil, " lic'e a iekle beBvy une, I tan'l "iftif.." The mother raited it from tbe ground. It was heavy, very heavy for its size. On opening it what was her astonishment to lind it tilled with money, p»ppt, gold, silvpr ol all dcuomiiia tions. Her heart was full. " Ob my darlingR, " rIiu cried in an cstacy ol gratitude, " we shall never know want again, never, never, never. Kneel down with I roe and pray < iod'w bent blcusintf on those who , at this fctilivn season have not forgotten to rememhor the Widow and the ratberless in ( their alllictiou. Yea, and they shall be blessed. , Amen, and Amen. I Behind a clump of hunh. not very far dis I tant, mi^ht have been seen tho stalwart | form of Curly. An she full on hei knees. and 1 li/led her pale t&ce; lo heaven, he flushed red through hiu bronzed ehin, turned awkwardly I away, and slunk «|uintly through the buah as I if afraid of beinn detected. Let ue go with I him, and leave Widow Watson to pour out hnr soul in gratitude to the One who rcignetb I eternal in the heavene, and whose mercy ' endurcth for ever, ! 