a latjy ^ ;TJiMP2lEAN(M7MK^ On Saturday evening, April 3^ a larw audience met at the Y.M.C.A, Hau, Adelaide, to welcome :to the city, for u period of goapel temperance, work. Mrs. V. M. iieavitt, ot the American Women's Christian Temperance - Union. Dr. Msgarey, Hon. Secretary tof tho South Australian Alliance, presided, and was accompanied on the platform by the Beva. J. Moholsoa, J. C. Kirby, E, Grattan, J. HcEwin, J..Y. Simpson, M. Wood Green. and others, while apologies for nonatten dance were read from the Revs. D. O'Donnell, J. Bickford, and R. M. Hunter. Several of Sankey's hymnB were sung during the evening by a numerous choir under the direction of Mr. F. J. Paah. Ths Chairman said they most gladly welcomed Mrs. Leavitt into their midst/ first because she was an American and had come across the Pacific to Australia. They could not do better than welcome all the useful information obtainable from North America because it had more experience than we had and was competent to teach us many lessons in respect to the promotion of temperance. (Hear, hear.) Mrs. Leavitt's work wa3 bound ud with the preaching of tho Gospel, and Bhe ought to be supported by all who desired to advance the cause of Christ and humanity. The Eev. J. McEwin, Secretary- of the musicD, said that Mrs. Leavitt was .carrying the temperance flag round the worliLand her special object was to form -Women's Christian Temperance Unions. -When the Union which bore that name in America wished for an agent to undertake this foreign work she eaid— ' Here . am I ; send me.' (Applause.) Further, Bhe relieved' the Union in America of any anxiety regarding the ex pense, and by; her courage and her [faith in the goodwill and sympathy of temperance workers whom she met she was paying her way as she went.' At Honolulu she established a Women's Christian Temperance Union, and in the chief centres of population in New Zealand, Queensland, Victoria, New South Wales, and Tasmania she had done the same. It had been stated that the advance recently made in temperance legislation in Queensland was 'very largely due to Mrs. Leavitt. and Mr. B. T. Booth. (ApplauEe.) Hitherto the women of South Australia had not been specially enlisted to this work, but Mrs. Leavitt intended to leave behind her a women's organization. The Rev. E. Gbattan trusted that Mrs. Leavitt would have the cordial assistance of at least 200 workers at her meetings. He thought tbe cause would be greatly blessed by the efforts which such a noble and edu cated lady was about to put forth. The Rev. M. W. Ubesk testified to the work which Mrs. Leavitt had performed at Christchurch following after Mr.i.R. T. Booth's mission. He considered that. whilst Mr. Booth had the rhetoric, Mrs. Leavitt had the logic. For, close and consecutive reasoning and powerful argument he bad not heard anything to excel that displayed by Mrs. Leavitt. (Applausa) He -trusted that she would receive all necessary, finan cial help as well; as sympathy . and co-operation. Theie was not another city in the Southern Hemisphere that could surpass Adelaide in its ready manifestation of the social qualities and in the kindliness with which the people received strangers who were visiting amon? them. . . , Mrs. Leavitt, on coming forwarbVto reply to the addresses of welcome, waa received with a good deal of applause. . She at once riveted the attention of the audiencefby her gentle and kindly expresfiion,-and the earnest and touching manner in which she dealt with the insidiouBand fascinating' power of intoxicating drink to lead captive the soul of man, and pointed out the methods by which the 6vil could alone be , destroyea. '. Mrs. Leavitt is about 60 -years of age; arid her attire was of the' simplest , charaoten. . She commenced by' * ' expressing ie'gfet I that one of the speakera -had referred to the fact that she waB a GoDgregationaliat, She. only wished to be known as a Christian worker. (Applause.) -Everybody had a 'right to hia or her own views, and in , Christian tem perance work she had been engaged for years with women 'whose' denominations she knew nothing about;. They were women of prayer, faith, and woik, and all for the -love of the Master; and what else should she say? (Applause.) She was glad to have been: able to do something for the publicans by helping them but of a very disreputable' business. When she thought of the Bad fact that there were in her own country 80,000 babies in their cradles or hanging on their mothers' breasts who, if matters went on as they, were going, would become, degraded victims of strong drink, Bhe 'had a great' weight upon her heart, and thiB had driven her to leave her profession and to engage in this mission. (Applause.) . She* had been' very ' well treated everywhere, and did not blame people when Bhe had been required to be responsible for the monetary cost involved in her visits. Although she had no private fortune she had always found help to hand when needed. The badge of the Women's Gospel Tem perance Union in America was a piece of white ribbon, and Bhe wore it in the snape of a triangle as representing the Trinity, and the two arms as emblematical of the co working together of God and man, and also of the dual nature of the Lord Jesus. She regarded this Gospel Temperance Mission as a highly necessary labour. Even as it was ordained of God that John, the Baptist should precede Christ by preaching righteousness, so the hearts' of some people must be rendered BusceptdUe to the gracious power of the gospel'by 'means of the handmaid of total abstinence, (Applause-.) Mrs. Leavitt concluded by narrating some of the remarkable results achieved' in Tthe (State of Maine and elsewhere through the persistent efforts oi men who said, with Paul, ,'?f his one thing I do,' and then applied themselves in a spirit of faith to the advocacy of temperance, ? ? ; ? . , ^ .' t At the close of the address a large number of those present were : enrolled as -workers in themisBion. ' .. : ;,?;.;' .:.;:.;:,- f-. ?;?;?-:,,„ On Sunday morning Mrs. Leavitt preached at the Pirie-street Wesleyan Charch before a large congregation, the Church;, being fdll in all parts. She took as her text the following verses, selected from the epistles to tha Corinthians and the Revelations :— ' What, know ye not that your body is the temple of the Holy Ghost, which is in you, which ye have of God, and ye are not your own ? And what agreement hath the temple of God with idols? For ye are the temple of the living ' God ; as God hath said, I will dwell in them and walk in them ; and I will be their God» and they shall be my people. Wherefore, come out from among them, and beye separate, saith the Lord, and touch hot the unclean thing, and I will receive you and be a father unto you, and ye shall ba my eonS and daughters, said the Lord Almighty.' 'And I eaw no temple therein, for the Lord God Almighty and the Lamb are the temple of it.' Speaking without notes, calmly, and clearly, but rather fast, and enforcing her arguments by homely illustrations, Mrs. Leavitt urfted thataB the human body was -a temple of God people should pause and consider beforethey desecrated it. The body might be of far less consequence than the spirit, but it had been for many years too much ignored. .They jead that 'God had made man in big' image, and that image was surely something to, take care of, not for selfish purposes but for the glory of £tod. We were assured that the days of our life were threescore years and ten, and yet only a small proportion of human beingB attained that age, This seemed a slur upon God, as if he did not understand our bodies. She attached nearly a3 much importance tO' cleansing the body aa to cleansing the spirit, but they must keep both clean. There were people whom they eaw walking about every day clean outwardly, yet who had plainly been poisoning themselves for yearai and there were others^ who looked grimy and dirty, yet had their systems perfectly- pure and healthy. A great scientest had saidlthat. alcohol wad a deadly irritant narcotic, poison. Alcohol was found in all fermented liquor. Ifc was not the last glass of strong liquor, that, killed men, nor what they had drank for the last month, but the poison brought into their ByBtem from tbe very first glas3 of alcoholic: liquor they took. The poison contained in the first glass would do perhaps only an in finitesimal injury, but it was stiiL an injury, and helped to kill the drinker. The statistics of Insurance Companies showed that the average life of total abstainers* wag 62 yearo and 4 months, while drinking people only averaged 35 years & months, From returns of the Indian army & was found that to every -thousand,' the proportion of deaths per annum was— Total abstainers, 11 ; temperate men, 23;;. heavy drinkers, 47'6. What eervice could- not a man render to his God and' his fellow-beings between the ages of 35, and 62 t Was it not enough to make a young map give &z;&k; up lor ever? There waa a vast degradation going on in human life through the use of drink. Referring to the iacreasa of total abstainers in ths pulpit, the preacher' said that the Methodist Episcopal Church _ of North America allowed no. minister to drink^ ot smoke. The Rev. R,obert Graham hadl eaid that oslv twelve years ago there 'wer-e only fifteen total-abstaining ministers of the Church of England, now there were ever 4.SC0 2Bd 5 Bishops. In conclusion* she, asked bc-r hearers to give up strong drink in order that their spirits might be purified. 