CAMIOLA: A GIRL WITH A FORTUNE. By justdt McCarthy, Author of "Misa Misanthrope," "Maid of Athens," &c.; [Published by special arrangement with the author All rights reserved.] Chapter XLIII.—Pilgrim Gives his Washing, Night was blackening down upon the place as Pilgrim turned from vinnie's door. After he had steadied himself for a moment or two he made a wild rush forward ; he rushed like one in pursuit of some victim on whose trail he has suddenly come. All the passion of his heart was absorbed into hatred for Walter Fitzurse and resolve to be revenged upon him. Nothing being actually known to him he magnified Fitzurse's guilt altogether; at least he magnified its deliberateneBB. He was convinced that Waiter had set himself again to fascinate Vinnie. He did not even know whether Vinnie had not been the cause of the quarrel between Walter and his wife. In the bitterness of his heart he wished he had never helped to save Vinnie from the river. If he had not told Romont that she was likely to come there to drown herself Romont never wculd have known, and she would have been drowned. Better that, a thousand times better, he thought, than to live to be deceived by Fitzurse. He began to ask himself whether it would not be an act of mere justice if he were to interpose and kill Fitzurse before it was yet too late, before Vinnie had really been brought to grief and shame. Dreamers of Pilgrim's order are dangerous men when their dreaming gives to their hatred the form of an act of justice. They are apt to make that dream a reality._ Pilgrim was himself now distinctly conscious that he was moving like one in a dream. The men and women who passed him in his rapid way might have been shadows. If a ghost come from the grave had walked by his side he would not have been surprised or dismayed.. Nothing could seem to nim more spectral than himself; phantoms appeared, vanished, and reappeared around him as he went. Suddenly he was brought to a stand by a short odd figure which came in his way and barred it, This proved itself no phantom. The thin piping voice of Jethro Merridew spoke out of the night and shadow which seemed to Pilgrim to be within his own being as well a3 without it. He turned wild wondering eyes on the little man, "Whither away so fast, fair cousin ?" J ethro asked. Since it had been found that Pilgrim and he were connected by marriage Jethro had taken to calling him " fair cousin." They had been brought together a great deal by reason of the enquiries they had to make, and Pilgrim's kindly melancholy nature was always full of compassion for the half-crazed old man. "Who ride3 so late," Jethro went on, "in night and in wind ? Hurrah ! Hurrah! the dead ride fast; dost fear to ride with me ?" " I'm in a hurry, Jethro," Pilgrim said, after a gasp or two and a determined effort to pull himself together. 4 "Life is alia hurry," Jethro said, "and life and death ride together a good deal; just like the pair in the ballad I've been quoting from." "Ave; that's true; they do, indeed," Christian answered grimly. " Do you know," Jethro said, laying his thin hand on Pilgrim's arm, "I believe I shall have glad news soon. What wind so sweet as that which brings to parent heart the wandering child ?" "Have you heard anything?" Pilgrim asked, trying hard to keep down his impatience, and fearing that it would overmaster him before he could get rid quietly of poor Jethro, " I have been dreaming dreams; I have seen her in my dreams come back all bright and glorious; I have dreamed the_ same dream again and again. She comes in grand pro cession, like a fairy queen. For as I am a man I think this lady to be my child Cordelia! Oh what happiness it will be when she comes." Tears were big in the old man's eyes; Pilgrim could see them, even by the light of a Fitzurseham gas lamp. Fitzurseham was very chary about its' local illuminations. In all Pilgiim'sown distress he could not but feel a pang of pity for Merridew. In the contem plation of Merridew's craze he felt himself grow for the moment less wild than he had been. "Let us hope she will come some time soon," he said soothingly. "God is very good; and you have waited a long time." Then his mind went back to its own grievance again, and he said, "I too have been waiting, a long time, a longtime." " You ? What have you been waiting for ?"' Jethro asked with some interest. He was shrewd enough on all matters but those which concerned his lost daughter and the certainty and manner of her return. " You have no daughter to wait for." "I have been waiting for everything that makes life worth having; and I have not got anything I waited for. Perhaps it wa3 near ana somebody came between. Look here, Jethro—suppose you knew your daughter was coming to you " "Suppose I knew ? Man, I will tell you I do know ; she is coming." "Well—suppose at the last moment some one—some man—came in between you and her and took her from you, what would you do to him ?" Jethro's eyes blazed with the fire of hatred and insanity, and he clutched Pilgrim's strong aim with bis thin fingers while he almost screamed out— " What would I do to him ? Why kill him; kill, kill, kill him to be sure. Are you mad, Pilgrim, to ask me such a question! Let me look at you." He dragged Pilgrim under the light of the lamp, and peered into his face with fiercely eager stare. " I think I must be getting mad, indeed,'? Pilgrim said, "when I talk in such away to you. I ask your pardon; Merridew. I was thinking of something else. I am going, on this way. I hope to hear good news from you soon." Pilgrim was growing ashamed of him self and of his lack of self-control. " You do look strange, though," Merridew said. His flame of wrath had suddenly gone out, "You do look strange, and it is a wild night, a naughty night to swim in, as the mad king says. Go home, Pilgrim. It is not good to be abroad on a night like this. People who are out to-night are apt to get mad somehow. I am a little queer myself, and our old friend, Watty Fitzurse—that self- conceited young burlesque Lochinvar, that ran away with the rector's crazy daughter—he seems to me to be as mad as a hatter." "Why? How? Have you seen him lately? " Saw him just now, or his ghost; it may have been a ghost, in the old churchyard, down by the river—river that rollest by the ancient walls where dwells the lady of love—when she—" Pilgrim did not wait for any more of the quotation, but ran in the direction of the churchyard. The gates were closed, but he knew well enough the easy way of entrance over the low wall which poor Yinnie had crossed on the night of her forlorn enterprise. JtLe went m, ana wanaenng along one ot tne paths saw Fitzurse seated on the river wall and gazing on the clouds which were drifting over the sky. In truth Walter was trying to conjure poetry out of the place, the hour, the evening clouds, the river, and his own darkened destiny. He,had got on to the track of something rather fine when he was aroused by the crash of Pilgrim's feet on the gravel, and he stood up. "I have been looking for you," Pilgrim said sternly. "Yes? What then?" " I don't know what then, and I don't much care. They want you at the rectory, Mrs, Pollen told me to find you." " Thank you; I will go." " Stop ! that isn't all. I saw you with Yinnie Lammas this evening, I saw you talk ing with her." Walter did not like this, but he had to make the best of it. He kept down his anger. " Well, why should I not speak to her? I have known her a long time. We are old friends." "Friends? Friends? You have been the gixl's worst enemy. She was free of you at last; and now you take to persecuting her again. You let her alone; listen to what I say; if I find you ever seek out that girl again or go near her or try to have any secret talks with her— mind I give you fair warning, and I'll keep my word " "Yes, what will you do?" Fitzurae was not wanting in mere physical courage; but there was something unnerving in the manner of this strong prematurely bowed grey man straightening himself up with a fierce and resolute effort, and approaching nearer and nearer with livid face and glaring eyeB. Walter shrank back instinctively—he suddenly remembered Pilgrim's great strength. Pilgrim caught him with both hands, one hand on each side of his coat collar, and held him there, steadied him so that he might look more directly into his eyes, and said in a deep hoarse voice— " I'll kill you—kill you dead—dead !" Then he loosed his bands so suddenly that Walter staggered back like one breaking away from some fearful temptation. Pilgrim scrambled on to the river wall and dropped from it down upon the ledge of strand, which th6 tide now left bare below. The drop must have been some fourteen or. fifteen feet at least; but to Pilgrim's mood it seemed as easy a3 stepping, off an ordinary sidewalk.. The very manner of this sudden and^ strange dis-* appearance enhanced in Walter's mind the un canny and ominous nature of the whole scene. Pilgrim seemed like one possessed by a demon. Hiswords sank into Walter'® heart and filled him with a gloomy presentiment of ill and danger which he had not quite shaken off when he reached the rectory. 