Stews of the World. Fbance and Hee Colonies. — M. Lockroy, the French Minister of Commerce, has visited the Colonial and Indian Exhibition, and has been greatly impressed with what he saw. As he has the chief control of the arrangements for the French Exhibition of 1889, he has at once utilised his experience by putting, things in train for. the adequate representation of the French colonies. He has appointed M. de I/anessan, the well-known. Radical deputy, to study the commercial position of the French colonies, and of .the countries under ? the protectorate of Franca, and to pave the way for their participation in the Exhibition of 1889. As delegate-general of the Government, M. de Lanessan will probably visit the Pacific colonies of the Eepublic. Eruption op Moxtnt Etna. — The accounts to hand front Catania show that the eruption of Etna and the accompanying- disturbances of the earth were assuming greater proportions. At about 2 a.m. on May 19 a violent eruption took place on the farther side of Etna, from which lava in two branches ran at the rate of about three kilometres an hour toward Mcblosi, where the inhabitants were fleeing in great terror. A later account said : — 'The eruption of Mount Etna is increasing in violence. Immense columns of flame axe projected from the crater, and form a most imposing spectacle. Montoresso is seriously threatened by a stream of lava which 13 descending the mountain side in its direction. Measures have been taken to rescue the inhabi tants should it be necessary/' A late cablegram said that the eruption had ceased. , A MtrsrcAL Mokket, — There was a great fuss,; a few months ago, about Sir John Lubbock'a wonderful dog, which its master had almost tancrKfc fa BTwinlrl A TnoriVeT has finmriletelv eclipsed the quadruped. A well-known American savant jias educated a favorite monkey to become a good pianist ; all monkeys, this gentle man maintains, .have .more or less a . musical faculty.-' If men .i^: not L Evented the piano, the learned . American seriously maintains, monkeys would infallibly have done so. After only, forty^eight lessons the mlpntey' Tabitha, Kftois a real ornament toiereex, could play scales with surprising dexterity. Thes suppleness of their. fingers, their agility, their sfcre'ngiih, all tend tip show, at leaBt according to Tabiiha.'fi master, that only thing required to bring out this hidden' faculty. ^TneteMMbther fact which strikeiyme/ HonkeyslaTC this gr^t ^vantage ^ pisaiste; they have-^ A: monkey, among other advautageg^can :ithus,it fwiU readHy be-bserv-eS/^ Mthont ti« ftj^^^w^»mmji|Miirtni^..-7 ?'? ..':.?'?; \'- r, ?—. ?'? ':-?'??:. ?:^;?V:''-'.-£-'#'v-.:'p;-V'' '.'?'' -'?' ' :* ???????'??;?? .??'.,- ? -iiBsfibtE a* lassAKb.H There is afresh outbreak at enme in Ireland {bbeersed a London corre spondent on May 21). Various serious outrages hayeJj&n; reported during'tJie week, the chief of which is the murder of a farmer named Quigley, near ^ulla- in county Clare. . Quigley was sitting at iiis7 Preside on Sunday night, when he was deliberately assassinated by a shot fired.fhrough the window, which scattered his brains about the kltoten. Qnigley's .offence was in taking a boy cotted grazing farm. . ' The' Law of Libel. — It is quite clear (said the Pali. Mail Gazette) that unless the insensate law of libel sinder which we live is soon altered into some faint likeness to -jommon justice and common sense, the character of theBritish news- paper must be vitally changed. . There is no con ceivable way in. whici an edi'' o : can make absolui e proof pi the accuracy of statements which axe forwarded to him. He is surrounded by a staff of trusted correspondents in all parts of * the country and all over the world, and when an item of: information of public interest is forwarded by one of these bxjean do nothing beyond exercising upon it the sort of transfigured common sense which a sojourn in the editorial chair gives a man. But if it is inaccurate ever so slightly, down upon him comes the law with crushing force. Only the other day we our selves paid .£1500 for the error of an Oxford man whose letter we published in good f aith, with an editorial caution appended to it, while the Londoa CheOnicle paid ,£200 for the same thing; more recently the Newcastle Cheoniclb paid ?£1200 besausa one o? its correspondents described a 'Durham eviction ii rather an exaggerated manner ; and now the Ekgikeeb is mulcted in £1500 for giving currency to a rumor that 'sl firm had failed. The late Duke of Albany described the newspaper as the watchdog of civili sation, but if the watchdog were tremendously thrashed by his master every time he barked at night when there Trals no thief coming, depend upon it he would soon lake to heart- the superior Tirtae of silence, and that the thief, when ho did cosieV would find the way open to the eashbox. MtHBDEB O5' A MlSSIONAET A.ND HIS WlPE. — A telegram from Zanzibar said that the Eev. Mr. Houghton, a, Methodist missionary, and his wife had been mrudered by Masais on the River Tanna, near .Lauioo. The Eev. Mr. Houghton belonged to Denton, Mrs. Houghton belonged to Stockport They left England nearly two years ago, and had advanced to a part of East Africa where a white woman had not been previously seen. In a recent letter Mrs. Houghton described the murder of Bishop Harrington in the same district, and a raid by the Masais, in which many Iive3 were lost. . LATCstrrr against Me. Chakbeblain. — I have already alluded (said a London correspondent on May 2X) to the suit which Mr. Marriott is bring ing against Mr. Chamberlain for having sug gested that he had fabricated a letter which im puted to Mr. Chamberlain's firm certain sharp practices in business. Mr. Chamberlain recently obtained the sanction of the Queen's Bench to put certain interrogatories to Mr. Marriott, as to where he had seen the letter in question, aud the plaintiff having taken the matter to the Court of Appeal has again found the judges in favor of Mr. Chamberlain. It is said that the point will fco to the House of Lords ; but in any case Mr. Chamberlain has scored on the first move. When the case is gone into on its merits it will be par ticularly interesting. A Clevbb Young Actoe. — Boucicault, who has a knack of discovering clever young actors, seems to have found another in Frank Wright, 'who is playing the character part in ' Xhe Jilt.' Wright went to America some seventeen years ago, being the runaway son of a well-to-do Lon don chemist. He has been a music hall singer and a Shakspeareau clown as well as a comedian, and for some years practised stage managemeat in the 'variety line in Boston, Buffalo, and else where. Then he drifted across the continent to California, where he became a decided favorite. E e was engaged by the perennial Dicn to play his present part in ' The Jilt ' on its original pro duction in San Francisco, and the author liked his performance so well that he re-engaged him ,when he went East.* TJiaLisiXG an Abtist Convict's Laboe. — The suggestion made with regard to the punish ment of Mr. Belt, is not so revolutionary as is supposed. Mr. Belt was sentenced to hard labor, anoVit has been proposed that, instead of having to waste his talent picking oakum, he should be allowed to finish the artistic work on which he was engaged before his conviction, the proceeds to be handed over to his creditors. But the proceeds of every prisoner's work belong to the State, and the suggestion is really only this, that the prison authorities should take advantage of Mr. Belf s gifts as they do of those of other prisoners. Thus the prisoner who has been a house painter is ordered to paint the cells, the governor's house, &c.; ; the carpenter similarly does carpentering, work, and so on. There would, of course, be this novelty about Mr. Belt ' sculpting' in gaol, that it would be looked upon as a nice test of his powers by Mr. Lawes and othera. There can be no ' ghosts ' in prison, and it would be a curious thing if Mr. Belt's sentence in one case was to vindicate his innocence in the other. Fobtttstate Garbeness. — As' the brothers W. and H. Keightley, of Woodend, near Grenoside, were in the act of clearing away the roots of a fruit tree in their garden they observed some thing bright, and on examining it found it, to their great astonishment, to be a sovereign. On farther search they were rewarded by finding several more, some in a bag aud others loose. The property, which now belongs to Mr. T. H. Bingley, of 'WhLl?y Hall, formerly belonged tOj Emannel Heaton, whose habits were very eccentric, he being widely known as the Fairyland Poet. It is not at all unlikely that the money found had been deposited there by Heaton. Buskin's Estimate op Wobdsworth. — Wordsworth is simply a Westmoreland peasant, with considerably less shrewdness than most Border Englishmen or Scotsmen inherit, and no sense of humor, but gifted with a vivid sense of natural beauty, and a pretty turn for reflections — not always acute, but as far as they reach, medicinal to the fever of restless and corrupt life around him. . - . With an honest and kindly heart, a stimulating egoism, a wholesome con tentment in modest - circumstances, and such sufficient ease, in that accepted state, as permit ted the passing of a good deal of time in wishing that daisies could eee the beauty of their own shadbws,andother such profitablemental exercises, Wordsworth has left us a series of studies of the graceful and happy shepherd life of our lake country which to me, personally, for one, are en tirely sweet and precious; but they are only so as -the mirror of an existent reality in many ways more beautiful than its picture. ' A Motheb Attempting to Dboww Heb Son.— Bachel Smith, a married woman, living at New Wortley, was committed for trial at the Leeds Assizes, on a charge of having tried to drown her boy by throwing him into the river Aire, and also on a charge of having tried to drown herself. The . accused, it was said, after -quarrelling with lier husband, left the house, and subsequently pushed the boy into the river and jumped in herself. Both were rescued in an ex hausted state. , Cut to Pieces.— A postman named James Buckley, 3Q, living at Froghall-lane, Warrington, (Eng.), took the mails down to the North-western station there, and afterward crossed to go down, the line for something, when the 'tourist train from London to Edinburgh came up and cut him. -to pieces. An Aetpto Swiui)LE.-i-George Edmund Kel ley, 1 Tespectable-looking man, was charged in London lately with having obtained several sums of money by fraud and fake pretence. The charge arose out of one which was preferred about a year or two ago .in the Mansion House, in which two persons who have absconded were charged with having obtained money from the public through the medium of a publication baited the House hoho Jotonal. They ^ proposed to sSye i prizes of -£i000.' JE500, gold watches, and jewellery to persons who became subscribers to the journal in 'question^ Wt tke/Maly prizes g|y^»'cpnsfeted of E^ev^H^Messengravingsand sham jewellery, the case f or $he prosecution being that the whole pro ceedingwBsafraud. TheaccuBedwasnodbubteon iected with the publication; but his defence was tfcat he,had merely/l-een,a\ iad Iajbso&nded;,':«aid tKsi * He *as ''not alj^cam.* cerhed in the frauds that were committed;' The iijry - f^und the ^clefendant gtul^r, *nt ;a*po^ meadetl ?Mm id inerev. €entenee was postponea to the'next sessioiw. /?'?? \ '.' ' .-.--,.'-: ? -'^ A Mtstebt Soitbd.— The Basgor police, have been investigating an alleged*Tabbery of i&0\. It appears that the money was. deposited ia a bag by the owner, and placed in a cupboard, before he left his office one evening. When the place was -unlocked the next day, the canvas bag and its contents had disappeared. The police were communicated with, and a watch was kept on the suspected persons. A hole in the cupboard, how ever, suggested that a four- legged thief had been at work. ? On two successive nights small parcels containing meal were' locked up. These also disappeared, and tbe woodwork being displaced, the. meal was traced to a rat-hole four feet from the cupboard. Here the remains of the bag con taining thirty-five of the.missing sovereigns were discovered, the remaining coins being found farther down the animal's retreat. Expensive Poecelain. — In London, Messrs. Christie, Manson, and Woods lately sold the fine collection of old ? porcelain purchased by the late Earl of Dudley from the most cele brated cabinets dispersed during the last forty years. The auction room was crowded j and so great was the interest shown in. this collection that five hundred catalogues illustrated with photographs of the choicest morceaux were sold in two days at half a guinea each. The prices realised were high, the following being the most noticeable : — A cabaret, painted with animals in grisaille, by Lamprecht, 1796, in pale green and gold borders, 68gs. A beautiful Ecuelle cover and stand, with arabesques in grisaille, on gold ground, and lavender borders, richly gilt, painted with six medallions of classical figures, after A. Kaufmans iu colors, and smaller medallions of cupids in grisaille from Lord Exmouth's collec tion, 91gs. A tea service painted with Watteau figures and with flowers in blue on gold ground, 80gs ; a large group of angels scattering flowers, cherubs, and clouds, in glazed wood frame, from the Due . de Forti'i collection, 68gs ; an inkstand formed as a galley, with a' seated figure in the stern, , mounted with ormolu, 78gs$ a coffee-pot and cover, painted with a river scene, 40gs ; Count Bruhl's tailor riding on a goat, 8£in high, 29gs ; a girl with a child, and a harlequin, 7in high, 85gs ; a lady with a large hooped petticoat, and two pug dogs, on white axtd gold pedestal, ll£in high, 160ga. Tee Czab's Speech. — Following is the full text of the Imperial order, addressed to the com manders, officers, and sailors of the Black Sea fleet, recently mentioned in one of our cable grams : — ' More than thirty years have now elapsed since the Black Sea fleet, after accom plishing heroic deeds, sacrificed itself for the welfare of Russia, the brave men who served in it transferring themselves in epirit to the memorable heights of Sebastopol. This fleet is now being reconstructed, to the joy of the Fatherland which so long mourned its loss. My will and thoughts are directed to the peaceful development of the nation's welfare. Circumstances, however, may render .the fulflment of roy wishes difficult, and may force me tothe armed defence of the dignity of the Empire. You will go with me in this with the devotion and constancy which your ancestors displayed in response to the appeal of my grand father, and which caused astonishment to their contemporaries. On the sea which witnessed their gallant exploits I confide to you the defence of the honor and safety of Eussia.' The Lobs op Bubghley. — The story of the romantic marriage of the Lord of Burghley, the subject of Tennyson's famous poem, is thus re corded by Julia Cartwright in the Magazine op Abt for May : — In the year 1791, Henry Cecil, then a man of seven or eight and thirty, nephew and heir to the Earl of Exeter and lord of Burghley of those days, came to live in the quiet village of Bolas, on the banks of the Eiver Tern, in a remote corner, of Shropshire. While young he had beeu led into a marriage which had proved unhappy, and when he came to Shropshire he had recently divorced his wife. In a melancholy mood he resolved to hide himself from the world, and, concealing his birth and rank, he assumed the name of Jones and the profession of a travelling artist, and lodged during some months in the house of a farmer called Thomas Hoggins. Here he fell in love with the farmer's fair young daughter, Sarah, and, with her parent's: consent, made her bis still be read iu the parish register of the Shrop shire village, where the wedding took place on Octobw 3, 1791. Upon his uncle's death, a year afterward, Mr. Cecil succeeded to the earldom ; and without telling his secret he brought his bride home to Burghley, where she learned it for the first time. The Comoeo Islands. — News has beenreceived in Zanzibar that France has taken possession of all the Comoro Islands, and that a treaty pro viding for the cession of the group was signed at Johanna on April 21. Suicide op a Winegbowee. — M. Goudal, the manager of the world-renowned estate of Chateau Lafite, lately shot himself dead in. Bordeaux, after inflicting serious wounds upon his mistress, whose fidelity he had reason to suspect. Fatal Hubbicane in Geeeant. — A terrible hurricane, causing great devastation, recently swept over the tcpra of Krossen, in the province of Brandenburg. Several buildings were blown down, and nearly all the houses had their roofs and windows damaged. ' A church tower was thrown down, and in fa.1Ij.Bg destroyed a neigh boring house. The services of the military and firemen were requisitioned to clear away the debris, out of which several bodie3 were extri cated. A number of persons were injured, some seriously. Two ships on the Oder were foun dered, five of the crew being drowned. Australia and Spain. — The British Govern ment, being anxious to secure for the colonies any commercial benefits which may be obtained bjp diplomacy from the mother country, has taken care to arrange that goods and manufactures the produce of British colonies shall enjoy, under the aew convention with Spain, the- most favored nation's treatment in Spain and the Spanish colonies. This may afford the Australian colonies some additional- advantages' in developing a trade with the Spanish possessions in the North Pacific and the East. A Gin Dbtnkeb who Meant to Die. — Dr. G. Danford Thomas held an inquiry in Maryle bone, London, lately respecting the death of Henry Chatterton, 55, lately, a. bookbinder at the British Museum. Catherine Thorp, landlady, at 29, Saville- street, Maxylebone, said that the deceased lodged with her, and was of very in temperate habitat His wife had parted from him for some years. He would shut himself up in his room days together, and any money be could get, hold of he spent in gin. . A few* days previously to his death; not hearing him moving about, she entered his room, and found him in a'.dyin^g state. ' The room and its surroundings were in a dread ful condition, and the witness thought it best to send for the relieving officer. He came, but the deceased refused, any assistance. Ee said, ' I mean to die.' He would not have medical aid, and expired. Death was caused : .by syncope, acceler ated by self-neglect and habits of intemperance. : A Pabisian ScANi-AL.-^Mdlle. Schneider, or De Sombreuif, -who recently caused a 'scene' at the Parisian residence of her protector, M.Vergoin, a Sadical deputy, and who has since been ordered out of France, being a foreigner, has had a 'strange, eventful history.' ''It appears that she is a Circassian, and was brought up io. the harem forces. AM. Schneider, who . furnishes her history, says that about thejtime of the Crimean War. she was taken into his father's family in dramatic circumstances. Both his father and mother were returning from an excursion to the Sweet Waters of Asia, and as they were crossing the . Bosphorus their' vessel was * struck, with another. A nurse, who-^was carrying their infant daughter Louise, 'became 60 frightened that she jumped overboard with the child. ^Stewas saved, but the child wasi drowsed. Madame Sc^ei^isa3a^,ar^%gfca.te of health at the time, and her fyiehds'^Stred to show her the dead body of her Tcbild, 'which had been recovered from -the sea. As they approached the shores of Europe they saw Omar Pacha, who was a friend of the family, and to whom the s»d state of affairs was explained. He immediately caused a little OtoaiO^c^^jsi^ifteBe^ilflediihe dead infant in; face and form, to be given Jto the pek- mother, %ho waa''n.-iti made itwate of the1 