ECHIOES OF MELBOURNE. [BY TIE GHosT.] Parliament has been busy duringthel week discussing'tlef address in rdply. Hlid the Ministry really been a strong one, the" attack of the Opposition, would, long .ere, this, have been repelled. But Mr. Gillies as a leader is a failure, and ,possesses neither the nerve nor tile tact of M?r. Ser vice. As a consequence, although .no anoindment has been .moved,. a desultory attack' on the Government is being made, and the opponents of the Ministry are being enabled to consolidate their ranks, Mr. J., Is. Patterson, who has hitherto "sat on..a rail," has at lengtli doclared himself an opponent of the present Coalition, and Mr. Harper, who is inconsolable over the slaughter of his imported stud shecp,' has also thrown in his lot with the ,Opposition: There is, therefore, abundant. material on Mr. Speaker's.left, out of which, to' form a: new set of advisers to his .Excellency, and whenMr.Bent departs on his homeward trip, the great stumbling block .in , the way of the formation of i now Administia tion will be removed, and, the Deakiin Gillies combination will at once 'eceive.its coup de grace. 'Perhaps no former Ministry was ever, as a whole, less popuilar than the present incumbeont of offije, and their io tention of the reins of power in face of this fact can only be hnodunted for by thie reason stated in the 'Assembly by Liue.-' Colonel Smith, that ".they are tl e nomi nees of the' prIopriet??t o the Melbohirfin newspapers." This fact might notof itself be an unmixedl evil, but there in io iei'the Government any prominent cotintry re re sentative, and when thh Presse whose chief' function was once described in the" Assciu bly as being "to keep thei, Ministiry straight," is nobbled 'by making Ministerd' their own critics, the interests of thd colony are not unlikely to be made osibser vient to pesonal "considerations. "'The knowledge that the gentlemen:wl?o ireplac the present Government will' bh bitterly assailed by the metropolitan journals is one of the factors that is taken, into account by the Opposition:, To take ofice thusl1hag dicapped would rehnder the position of the successors of Messrs, Gillies,De'akin, aid'Co.' anything but a lled of roses, and the lack of energy of the gentlemen. who,. in all probability, would replace the present oc cupants of the Treasury bIcohes is thus accounted for. Yet despite theseconsnidera tions, it is obviousto all who closely'wstch the drift of the current of political, events that the tenure of ofsice of the jire`seiit F Government will not be i lengtheided ond. One of the causes which will assiuredly hasten the fall of the present Administrei tion is the personal unpopinlarity of the' F Premier. Mr. Duncan Gillies is, unfortu nately, a gentlemen 'swho cannot per r form a graceful 'act in a gricefdil s manner. " Naturally. cold, .:,selfsuo ; r and insyingnatlishic, hes; dlylaick'i',.thb talentjpossesse'd in such an eminent derq ' by his predecessor, rMr. Service, of being able to see the tone of feeling pervading the House in regard to any question before it. Thus when asked by Mr. C. E. Jones, the member for Ballarat West, whether there was any objection to recognise the services so ungrudgingly given by the few surviving parliamentary representatives prior to the inauguration of the system of payment of members, the Premier returned a cold unsympathetic answer to the effect tlht enquiries would be made and the privilege granted "pro vided it did not establish a dangerous pre cedent." The Assembly cheered the question when put by the lion. member for Ballarat, but even this display of feeling by the ousoe failed to evoke any respon sive echo in Mr. Gillies. That gentleman has always been well paid for his services. His patriotism has always been well re warded, and he above,all others should have bceri glad of the opportunity of paying a graceful-though long deferred-com pliment to the pioneers of the Victorian Legislature. As it is, the services of the "old members ,' are to. be 'recoglised, but the boon is so grudgingly bestowed that the gift will hardly be so muchr appreciated as it would have been had it been more freely tendered. Mr. Gladstone's supporters in Melbourne have been unable to obtain any. suitable hall in the metropolis wherein to hold their proposed meeting, and .have perforce been driven: to give. vent .to their pa triotic aspirations on the wharf,, hitherto hold 'sacred to .itinerant-.. preachers, Salvation Army- members, and "stump orators." However, -the '5'Nationalists" have secured as chairman a " real live baronet," and Sir Bryan O'Logloen, un taught apparently by the exclusion .from political life whiolh ensued upon .his treiisonable utterances on the occasion of' the " Grattan address," is to preside over the gathering. What purpose will now be served by holding the meeting it is hard to say, and if the promoters of the move ment in faivour of Rome Rule are wise they Will all6w. the '?ifair to ulapsia. Now that peopllT are beginning to understand that all -lr. Gladstone proposes is to, give to Ireland a constitution similar in most re spects to that enjoyed by the Australian colonies; the violent opposition to the soheme originally attributed to the British Premier . has subsided. By allowing a' numiber' of' excited "patriots" to 'give a -lobed rein to their tongues and fancy, and inddulge in unlimited abuse of "the bloody Saxon::.an ambunt. of ill feeling .will be ensigendered, which, as in the case of the last 'and a former election, will result in awaken ing party and. religious animosities which it would be wiser to allow to din out. How ever,' Sir Bryan and his- compatriots' are proverbially hot-headed, and loving their country "not wisely -but too well," may allbow their feelings .to outrun their pru ileuce. Meanwhile, '"'the loyal inhabitants of Melbourne" have been asked by.procla mation and advertisement to refrain from countenancing the wharf gathering, and to abstain from putting in an appearance at Sir Bryan O'Loghlen's meeting. For a, while the Melbourne Presbytery -has ceased:from troubling, and Strong and 'Dods are at rest. But a hot newspaper wiar is being carried on between MA'r. Andrew. Harper, the Rev. iMr. Scott (late incumbent of Chalmers .Church), and the Roev. John Hay. The controversy is a purely personal one, and.really interests few-persons beyond these taking part in it. Indeed it would hardly be worth notice but for the fact that it serves in a pointed way to slhow "How these Christians love one another I" It issurprising how rapidly time heals the wounds that.sorrow inflicts. The fear ful wreck of the Ly-ce.Moon would already, by'most people, be almost forgotten but for the action of the Newr South Wales aulthorities, :.who are prosecuting the 'captain and the third mate of the ill-fated 'vessel on a charge of mauslaughter. The result of this official action will be keenly watched. Should the charge be sheeted home the A. S. N. Company will be at oupe sued for damages by such of the surviving relatives of the passengers as have by the negligent act of the Company's agents been deprived of their bread-winners. :It usedto be asserted in the old country that there would always be collisions between .railway trains running in different direc-. tidos until;na bishop was lashed. to the buffer of the engine, drawing .the train. Perhaps, were a director of the' A." S. N. Company forced to travel with every one of the Company's s-teamuers the captain might become more careful of the.passen gers' lives. . The : catastrophe which destroyed Herculaneum and Pompoii has been rivalled by the disaster which has overtaken the northern portion of New Zealand. The sad news has cast a gloom over the other Aus tralian colonies, all of which when called upon will doubtless be ready to assist the sufferers in every way in theirpower..VWere not the event of too serious a nature to be treated with levity,, the ondeavour.of' the people who always require a: reason for every occurrence to couple cause and effect would assuredly be provocative of a certain amount of mirth. These goodlpersons,.who doubtless are of the genus that find a connecting link between ;the : Goodwin Sands and Tenterden Steeple, see in the volcanic, outburst of T'arawera Nature's !'rdtest against the Frenchs occupiation of thie Now lHebrides. It is certainly to be 'regretted in the interests spf their theory: thlit the eruption of the earth'se- sub terrhnean fires did not occur in one of. the islands on which the.tri-colour has "lately bedn unfurled, or that Noew Caledonia, with its mixed population of Frencha.felopy And officialdom, was: not. the .scene of ,the 'volcanic display. .. , ,;i t, ,;. Juneo3 .' ., ,3' . '. .:! ? , .x 