MR. ASHMEAD BARTLETT, M.P., AT THE ADMIRALTY, World.) Wallingford House, on the western side of Whitehall, has long since disappeared from the map of London. The lordly mansion in which the Protector and his friends used to meet in council, and where Villiers Duke of Buckingham was born, has come to be as completely forgotten as the sumptuous banquets of Cardinal Wolseley and the gorgeous masques of Henry Lawes and Inigo Jones, and on its site stands the roomy resi- dence which Mr. Ripley built in the reign of George II. for the accommodation of the Lords Commissioners of the Admiralty. A Doric screen, which Robert Adam appropriately adorned with Roman ships and mythological sea horses, partly years from view the great portico, with its four lofty Ionic pillars supporting the massive pediment in the midst of which is carved the device of the Lord High Admiral. , In the gloomy vestibule, so often traversed by John Wilson Croker, the original cast for the statue on the Nelson Column" fills, with ghost-like effect, a niche behind the angular hall chairs and the comfortable hooded seat of the of the porter, with which naval officers on promotion are possibly familiar and it was in the Captain's Room (of which you catch a passing glimpse on the right) that the body of the hero of Trafalgar lay in state before it was borne to its last home in St. Paul's. The tedious September Session is over j unwonted cheerfulness reigns-, in White- hall, and a pleasing prospect of coming holidays has invaded the busy precincts of the Admiralty ; the time for the much-delayed autumn tour of inspection has arrived at last ; the venerable Enchantress awaits their lordships at Portsmouth ; Lord George Hamilton has just started for Waterloo, and Mr. Ashmead Bartlett has hunted down from Grosvenor street for a last morning's work before he joins his colleagues on the shores of the Solent. Gas burns brightly in the waggon roofed passages through which you follow a messenger before you come to the apart- ment, which, like the board-room beyond, looks out on a grass plot, -a -broad gravel walk, a classical summer-house, and a row of shady Times. The green baize door is promptly opened ; Mr. Ashmead-Bartlett rises to receive you from behind a ponderous writing-table covered with serviceable blue cloth, and you quickly perceive that luxury is not the order of the day at the Admiralty. The carpet is of the plainest ; tall presses filled with records are ranged at intervals round the walls, on which hang maps and charts innumerable and there is absolutely nothing to relieve the prevailing austerity of the arrangements, save the geraniums and the mignonette which bloom in the boxes outside the windows, the bright (lowered cretonne of the sofa, and some picturesque water-colours of Dilston Hall and Langley Castle- once the property of the ill starred Earls of Derwentwater, but now assigned to Greenwich Hospital-a general view of which is ever present to the eye of the Civil Lord as he sits at his labours. There is no danger of Mr Ashmead Bartlett ever forgetting the distribution of duties amongst the live Lords Commissioners, who corporately discharge the functions once vested in the Lord High Admiral. A printed card suspended from one of the shutters constantly reminds him that the Works Departments, Naval Establishments, Greenwich Hospital, and Compassionate Allowances have been confided to his special care and keeping, and the books and papers which litter the table, and cover the brass rack which runs across it, nearly all savour of the navy and its concerns. At one corner is a pile of home and foreign " service jour- nals;" next to it come a confidential report on French Naval Manoeuvres in the Medi- terranean" and "A Comparative Table of the Strength of European Navies;" while Captain Kane's "Report on Italian Dockyards almost hides " The Revised Rules of the National Union, which lies beneath it. For the moment the Civil Lord has laid the reports, confidential or otherwise, aside for he must put the last touches to the carefully considered programme of the Conservative Congress at Bradford before you can hope for the half-hour's talk he has promised you prior to his departure for Portsmouth. . His task is over long before you have mastered the architectural details of Greenwich Hospital ; the revised proof is despatched to its destination and under the guidance of the Civil Lord you enter the now deserted board-room, which can boast an interest scarcely surpassed by any of the historical buildings of Whitehall. There is nothing which you see now to remind you of the hospitable administration of Lord Sandwich, or of those memorable dinner parties at the Admiralty over which the luckless Miss Bay is said to have presided ; a perpetual twilight seems to pervade the naval council chamber the Turkey carpet is sadly faded ; the elaborately carved festoons on the wainscoted walls and above the roomy fireplace are rich in cupids, dolphins, angels, fish, flowers, fruit, and nautical instruments ; the corners are occupied by a collection of medals, tall clocks, and the battered silver mace once carried before the Sailor King ; the picture of Lord Nelson, " painted for Sir William Hamilton by Leonardo Guzzardi," hangs above a side- board laden with despatch- boxes, current reports of the squadrons, and the daily papers, while behind the throne-like seat of the First Lord is the portrait of William IV., who, clad in his royal robes, and with an enormous crown at his side, appears to contemplate with benevolent approbation the labours of his successors. Standing by the octagon table close to the window, and within the reach of the chair from which Lord Charles Beresford must have read his famous memorandum, your talk naturally is of things naval, but when you return to the sanctum of the Civil Lord, the conversation soon extends itself to Conservative organisation and other subjects upon which Mr. Ashmead-Bartlett is recognised as an undoubted authority. You are deeply interested in the lucid explanation he gives of the constitution of the National Union, of which he is now the chairman ; you cannot help sharing his confident anticipations as to the success of the coming congress at Bradford, and you admire the indomitable energy which has enabled him to attend no fewer than a hundred meetings during his term of office. There can be little doubt that fly sheets, pamphlets, and posters play an important part in the political warfare of the present. Some 12,000,000 of these have been circulated by the National Union, and it is to Mr. Ashmead-Bartlett that the Tory party owes such valuable contributions to its polemical literature as " Kandahar, the Indian Empire, and the Turkoman," " The Soudan and the British Ministry," "General Gordon, and Union or Separation?" which have all been issued one after another by the Patriotic Association. You have no time to talk of Oxford, where Mr. Ashmead-Bartlett was president of the Union, represented the Dark Blue in the three-mile race against Cambridge, and took a first class in the final schools. You resist a temptation to dwell on his Bulgarian experiences, or on the story of the foundation of the Patriotic Association in 1877 ; but the accidental mention of Mr. Gladstone's name elicits a very decided opinion from the Civil Lord of the Admiralty. " I never believed in him," says Mr. Ashmead-Bartlett, as he leans back towards the window through which you look out across the lime trees on the House G uni day parade, "no more than I did in his policies or his Parliamentary management. Mr. Gladstone only imposed on the ignorant by his beautiful voice and apparent earnest- ness, Asa leader in and out of Parliament, he was bound to come to grief, He never thought out a policy beforehand, nor did he ever adhere with steadfastness to well considered views. He drifted along this way and that, as every passing current shifted him and although he was exceedingly adroit in explaining and getting out of his blunders, his collapse was certain to come at last." Mr. Ashmead- Bartlett is a firm believer in the prospects of the Conservative party. He thinks the position of the Tories is far stronger now than it was at the beginning of the autumn Session and he does not even regard the Irish difficulty as by any means insurmountable. He tells you that there are, in his opinion, far graver perils which beset our foreign policy, concerning which he sums up his ideas in a single sentence. We should, he thinks, follow, with regard to our alliances and especially in the matter of Constantinople, the line of action adopted by Lord Beaconsfield.' "If Constantinople is allowed to fall into the hands of the Czar," says the Civil Lord, bringing down his hand with emphasis on the blue cloth covered with confidential reports, " it is the beginning of the end, not only for our Government, but also for the Empire. Constantinople in Russian hands means the possession of the greatest position for arms and commerce in the world. That's not the worst. Holding the Dardanelles and the Bosphorus, Russia would have in the Black Sea an impregnable arsenal for her fleets. With Batoum and Armenia in her power, the possession of Constantinople must give Russia the control of the whole fighting power of the Ottoman Empire. I have seen the Turks fight, and I know what the acquisition of their matchless infantry would mean. There is no greater blunder than the idea that the possession of Egypt would be a set-off against a Russian occupation of Constantinople. Egypt would be) almost worthless to us. It would not long be tenable. The Russian party in this country have ceased to try, as they did in 1877 and 1878, to persuade the people of the absolute innocence and harmlessness of Russian policy. Their object now is to spread the belief that great positions like Constantinople are of no value to British interests. Never are we likely to be better placed for effective resistance, We can have with us to-day the whole of the Balkan peoples, for they dread Russian domination. The valiant warriors of Turkey would also be on our side, while Austria would assuredly oppose the Itussianisation of the Balkans." " You know," continues Mr.' Ashmead-Bartlett, " I have the reputation of being a keen party man. in a certain sense this is not true: I care far more for principles and policy that parties or men. My great object in entering political life was to try and revive the old Imperial spirit and energy which have built up the power of England, and given her the vastest dominion and the wealthiest commerce the world has ever seen. I looked with admiration upon the great days of Elizabeth and Pitt, and denounced the policy of false sentiment and universal retreat, which reached its climax ten years ago in the action of Mr. Gladstone, and has only led to needless wars and fruitless expense. It is owing to him that England came to be looked on as a decaying Power, and her colonies were regarded as useless burdens. It was the strength of my political belief which induced me to give up my post in the Privy Council Office to enter Parliament. I did all in my power to prevent the abandonment of Candahar, the desertion of Gordon, and the capitulation in the Transvaal, and have always advocated a close alliance with Ger- many as the mainstay of British interests and the safeguard of European peace. Mr. Gladstone's ' concert of Europe' is moonshine. What England wants are friends in Europe, and she should find them in Germany and Austria, In A Bia our natural allies are China and the Ottoman Empire. Our domestic policy should in a measure resemble our action abroad. My motto is reform, not revolution. We should do our best to promote the social improvement of the people. We should give the labourers every facility for procuring allotments, and we should cheapen the transfer of land. We should make the homes of our working . clauses as bright and happy as they can be. Above . all, we should try to bind our colonies in the closest possible union to their parent country. This is our programme at home, and the Radicals say it is theirs ; we ask them why they did not carry out some of these things we point triumphantly to what they actually did. Their rule was marked by crime and anarchy in Ireland ; defeat and shame in South Africa ; retreat, surrender, and peril on our Indian frontier ; a series of weak fiancees and humiliations in connection with the Suez Canal, the Islands of the Pacific, Madagascar, and Western Africa and hideous bloodshed and waste of millions in the Soudan. Now it is our turn, and the country will soon see that we can act, while the Radicals only talked. The Admiralty, with which I am more immediately associated, is determined to proceed with promptitude and energy for nothing is more important, to the Empire than the maintenance of its ancient naval supremacy." By this time you will have realised the earnestness and fervour which have gained for Mr. Ashmead Bartlett an influential position in the politics of the country, and you will have felt something of the peculiar force which has caused him to rank as a popular and persuasive public speaker. You leave the Admiralty with a strong conviction that Lord Beaconsfield saw well into the future, when, seven years ago, he offered him his seat in Eye, in recognition of his ability, tenacity, and 