AN AFFAIR OE MONEY AND OF HONOUR. D'Esterre, a noted Irish duellist, and afterwards shot by O'Connell, had been one of the most gallant officers in the navy before he became a Dublin wine merchant, in which business he embarked about the beginning of the century. It would appear, unfortu nately, that he did not bring strictly commercial habits into his new order of life. When he put his name to paper, the discounter of his acceptances might safely, as a general rule, deduct with the interest the price of the " protest" as well, and even leave a margin for the cost of the writ, which would require to be threatened at least, if not served, before the obliga tion would be attended to and satisfied. One day, Billy Kirwan, a well- known bill-broker, of great wealth and equal shrewdness, was offered, as he sat on his accustomed window-sill in the courtyard of the Commercial Build ings, a bundle of bills for discount by a merchant who had taken them in the way of business. It was Mr. Kirwan's boast that he instinctively knew bad " paper " by the feel of it. " There's bad paper in your lot—I can perceive, sir, without taking the trouble to look over it seri-ah-tim et lite-rah-tim," remarked Billy, who had been originally intended, by his pious Galway parents, for the Church, and had in his boyhood a decent converse with the preliminaries of the classics. "JSbsnum habet. in cornu," he con tinued, "as a body might say to a spavined horse. You had better re move it, if you p layse, sir, before I have anything to say to you; for I wouldn't touch, it with a pair of kit chen tongs, much less dirty my hands | with it." " I am astonished to hear you say 1 so, sir," said the merchant; " and would you be: pleased to mention what it is in my hand that encounters your ■ objection ?" " Why, a certain acceptance signed H. D'Esterre, and if you must know my opinion, I would not advance the value of a brass button on all that a jackass «ould draw on the same security." " And why not?" " jPor a rayson I have; and nobody knows it better than Mr. D'Esterre himself," answered Kirwan. As Mr. Kirwan was sitting alone after dinner the same evening, enjoy ing his pipe and his glass of punch over one of M'Ghee's latter leaders in the Evening Post, or, just as pro bable, one of Dan O'Connell's earlier speeches in favor of Catholic emanci pation, the servant came in with a card from Colonel Henry. " Who's Colonel Henry," demanded Kirwan. "faith, and it's myself doesn't know him from the man in the moon." " Bowl in the colonel, and lay another tumbler l" said the master of the house. Colonel Henry, a tall and gentle manly-looking man of middle age, was ushered in. "Mighty glad I am to see you. Colonel, whatever you've come about," said our hoBt," but before you begin I would advwe you to mix a tumbler of that excellent' Johnny Power' that's forenint you. If you take it off at cnce it will pull you through the opening part of your business plea santly and comfortably; and then you can mix a second at ; once to prepare you for contingencies." Colonel Henry having taken Kir wan's advice, so far as mixing, but not suddenly absorbing the liquor, opened his business with all the grandeur of a perfect Sir I<ucius, as in days long gone by Jack Johnson used to enact the part, not Tyrone Power. The colonel very much regretted thai it fell to his lot to have to deliver a hostile message to a gentleman of sueh a respectability as Mr. Kirwan from one equally respectable and estimable as Mr. D'Esterre. He re peated the injurious and insulting expressions which the gentleman whom he had the honour of addressing had made use of in speaking of his friend during the day to a certain merchant in the Commercial Buildings, and which had travelled the round of the city before nightfall. He pointed out, moreover, the utter impossibility of Mr D'Esterre allowing such an out rage on his name and character to be uttered and sent forth to the world without demanding the satisfaction of a gentleman. " Then, colonel, honey, come to the point, and just tell me what it is that you want," demanded Kirwan. " An apology or the alternative." " Which means that I must eat my words or fight ?" " Most decidedly." " It can't be done for the money." " For the money ?" " Yet., for the money. I'd be glad to accomodate you, my dear Colonel, in any way in my power; but the money stands in my way most com pletely and entirely." Colonel Heniy looked bewildered. Kirwan argumentum ad crumenam was evidently beyond him. " What money F — whose money ?" he ex claimed. " Why, my money, to be sure; the money that your respectable friend, Mr. D'Esterre, owes me this last couple of years—nothing more nor less than a cool hundred, independent of interest and expenses. I lent it to hiui at first as a matter of business, but on his pledged word of honour that he'd return it to me at the time he promised ; and upon my honour and sow! he hasn't done so from that day. to this." The colonel doubted what he had to do with the money question. ".Everything," said Kirwan, "in the regard of your not haying the ghost of an argument on your side when you ask me to apologise or fight." The Colonel still could not see it-; but his opponent very soon made -him, in this wise. He'd be a liar and a coward to apologise, or in any way .retract what he had said and still felt of D'Esterre, so long as D'Esterre chose to act dishonorably towards him; and to go out and fight him would be to act like the biggest fool in existence. " Blood-an'-'ounds ! Colonel, " said Billy, " do you want me to fight against my own money ? On the other hand, D'Esterre may hit me." "Very true," observed Colonel Henry ; "but (he added) will you, if I satisfy you on the money question : If you pay me—that's the chat!" roared Billy." " Pay you—certainly; that's what I mean; but will you then fight ?" "Like a trojan, Colonel," cried Kirwan; "anything to oblige you, anything for peace and quietness." "I shall see you again to-morrow morning, Mr. Kirwan," said the Colonel, rising and formally bowing to his host, who vainly endeavoured to make him take another jorum, "just to show there was no animosity be tween ihem." " You'll have your friend ready in the morning, when I call?'4 asked Henry, as he turned for the last time. "That's my intention," responded Kirwan, and all my worldly affairs settled." Colonel Henry did not see the face of inimitable drollery that Mr. Kirwan assumed as he uttered the last obser vation, for his back was turned, and he was half-way down the hall door- j steps hailing a passing carman. Next morning, the gallant bearer of the cartel was at the house of the challenged party, who received hiin most graciously. " But your friend, Mr. Kirwan ; I don't see that gentleman to whom I expected to be presented," exclaimed the colonel, looking not a little sur prised. "Layve that to rne," Kirwan re marked very coolly. " Business before pleasure, if you please ; have you brought my money ? Let's settle that before we proceed to the sentimental part of the matter." " Certainly," replied Henry. "Here's a hundred-pound Bank of Ireland note at your service, which discharges my friend's obligation." "And here's a receipt for the fame, with an apology for your friend, which i he and you would be the most unrea sonable men not to accept and be ( thankful." " What, then ! you don't intend to fight after all ?" exclaimed the colonel, on hearing what appeared to him an extraordinary declaration, and per , ceiving the perfectly ridiculous result which his giave embassy had at length been brought to. " You won't fight r" he repeated. " Not I! Colonel, honey; and that's as sure as my name is Billy .Kirwan. I unsay all I have said of your friend and apologise to him and vou in the handsomest manner." " I can't just at this moment see," ruminated the baffled envoy, " how my principal is to come out of the affair creditably in this fashion!" "He comes out of it with flying colors, for his fellow-citizens will think more of him when they hear he has paid his debts than if he had shot Billy Kirwan." The celebrated bill broker of the Dublin Commercial Buildings thus brought this, at first sight, formidable looking affair to a successful conclu sion, according to his notions of com mon sense and common honour. Even in a duelling age, and by a fire-eating generation, people said, when n quarrel took place and a money grievance was ai the bottom of it, " Settle the latter first and the former afterwardsand before running a debtor to the wall, "Take Billy Kirwan's advice, and don't fire against your own money !" 