SPORTING NOTES. Tttb TGIU\ • j Victorian Ci.ud Races. ' (PllOSt OUU MELHOUKNE conhf.RPOKDENT.). i « Siiturday, ltitli January. Tho Victorian Club had iuteudcd to have races nt Fleinington on Saturday lust, but the rain 8topi>ed them, and they took place this afteruoou. Tlio weather was not nil thilt couldbe desired, being close aud nt the samo'tudo threatening; some raiu coniin^ d<»vu before the Steeplechase. Nevertheless there wan ft rospcctuble attendance, which would have been an overflowing oue on one of the smaller courses. The Club Cup, the principal raco of tho day was won comfortably, by LavingtOn, who got away first, was never headed, and won by about two lengths, The following are tho par ticulars:^— Hurdle "Race.—Insolvent, 1; Sinking Fund, 2; Royal Maid, 3.; Time—3 min. 5 sees. The following horses also statedMaster Pinetop, Vulcan, Tantulizer, Fusilier, The Chief, and First Mate. , Victorian Ci.uk Cui\—Lavingtpn, 1; Clliptrap, 2; Britisher, 3. The following also startedGrace Darling Acolyte, , Seahorse, Cameririe, Madcap, Chucksfcer, I)on Quixoto, ' Lord Wilton, Stafford, Bohemian, Ringmaster, Remus, Lesbia. First Prince, Mavdew^ and E.I). Bettfug : 2 to 1 Uohomiuu, 5 to I , Chuckstor, 6 to' 1 Madcap, 7 to X Claptrap, 8 to 1 Camoriiic, 10 to 1 Lavington. At the first attempt LavingtOn and Msulcap jumpod away with tho lead, Camerine beiug at the head of the others, of whom AcolytoSvas last. At tho abattoirs Laviugton had in creased bin load to two lengths, after him coming Madcap and Catnerine, with Acolyte still last. Maydmv cumo up to within two lengths of the lender, with Claptrap and llritishcr occupying good positions with the field. .Lavington still continued to hold the pride of place! niid bold the lead into tho straight, followed by Claptrap, aftoi him coming Madcap, with Britisher • coming fast ou tho outside, while Remus was absolutely last. Coming homo Claptrap made^n oflort to catch tho loader, but Laviugtonresponding gamely won by a .'length aiid a half from Claptrap, who was two lengths in frontof Britisher, Kemus fourth, Bohemian fifth." -Time—2 miws. 10^ sees. . ; • Two»YKARrOl.u StakKs.—St. X'anl, 1; Mainsail, 2 ;', Geelong, 3. The others who started woro-MJaribaldi, Rouge-ct-Noir, Uranus aud Fhoobo Walton. Time—57 sees, | : 1 • Si:li.i^o Race.—Snip, 1; Achmnt, 2; Mabol Gray, 3, Tho winuer was sold for'1'100 to Mr E. Weoks. Time— SGsecs.j STEK.ni.EortASE.—Lady Ashton, !} Prides 2. Tho fol lowing also started Wyiulet, Phenomenon, Chester •n. ; i'i j •: January Handicap.—Solo, 1; Waterloo, 2; Gardeuii. 3\. Time—1 miu. 18£ hccs.. . The other startors ware:;— William Tell, Tho Ghost, Quintin, Mafcsop, New York,' Evie, Allander, Albanus, Stationer, Umbra, Lavington, Highland Chtof. Sfc. Odillo, Nuncio; Islander,; - • i ; CRICKET. Tho cup match between tho Capuleta and tho Golden Gullywas commenced in tho 'Roservo ou Saturday iii tho presence of about 1,300 peojdo. Hayes captained the Gully, whilst Combor occupied, a similar position for the Capulets, and tho former winning tho toss/ sent tho Capulets to tho wickets, tho first representatives being Considino and Conroy, and when the- 'scord reached I t tho former was bowled for 0, tho innings closing, for* Gl runs, Couroy. contributing 19 in first class style. The Golden Gnlly then went in, opposing' tho bowling of Donovan and M'Gregor, tho seoro,at tho fall of the sixth wicket having only reachodll' runs, the innings finally closing for 26 runs, Doble with 11 not out aud lL Chapman G wero tho highest scorers. The Capulots theu started their second inning, having thirty minutes to bat, and had at the call of tinio 3 wickets down for 20 runs, Couroy being agaiu to the fore with-11 runs, the not-oufc batsmen being Uarris 8 and ^M'Gregor 4.. Tho bow ling for the Capulets wivsdoue by Donovan (5 for 8), aud M'Gregor : (5 for 15)j aud tho most successful bowlers for tho Gully were' Chapman) Hayes and Allen. The Holding on botli sides was very good. : : The first clerens of tho Bcwligo United and North Bendigo Clubs commoucod a two Saturdays match on the • ground of the -latter Saturday after uoou. -Tho home team won the toss and decided to bat. Tho wicket, was a good ono, and the 'North Bendigo (playing a man short) retained, possession of tho wickets till within ten minutes of time. 'OF. Youlden, who was top scorer with 41, played a spleudid innings; aud J. Harry also played well for 32. These two playors wore together for a long time, 82 ruus beiug put on boforc a separation was effected. . Bottrell, Bowman and F. Youlden also batted well. A feature of the afternoon was the fine fielding of Edwards at mid*off. Beswick made threo, catches at short slip, ono of thom beiug exceedingly smart. Tho match will be resumed next Saturday. Scores:— • : * North Bfiymao. E. Hicks, st Cordner, b Manallack , ... 2 , J. Youlden, b A. Mackay ... ... ... -it J. Harry, b A. Mackay ... ... ... 32 J. Roach, c Beswick, b Manallack ... 8 T. Hicks, b A. Mackay ... ... ... 1. F. Youlden, lbw, b Manallack ... ... 32 Bowmau, c Beswick, b Edwards ... ... 15 Bottrell, c Beswick, b Edwards 18 Matcott, b Beswick ... , ... . 1' Stephens, not out... ... ... 1 ... 2 Suudries ... ... ... ... 12 ! Total ... ... ... 147 Manallack took 3 wickets for 34 runs; A. Mackny 3 for 35; Edwards 2 for 30; mid Bcswiok 1 for 16, ROWING. A meeting of tho Bendigo Rowing Club will bo held at tho Black Swan Hotel to- morrow evening at eight o'clock for the election of presidont, captain, secretary, and for general business. 