CANST THOU SPEAK GREEK? 9Q -PH8 XDTWllL. - sir— Eighteen hundred years ago thia test sufficed to decide ?whether a Btranger Bhoold be treated with tho consideration. due to an educated man and a irentIeman.'iiiit'&s;*ttuK ibaieme&ai; r.oTKanva sum was a passport to inpreme respsct as a citizen of RomeB world vide emnire, Doubtless some persona will srge that' since then the Greek lanjroage baa ssased to be £n adequate vehicle of human )rcgre=:ive thought. Yet every :one cwpro es3 a kind of tinsel admiration for; the wisdom of Socrates, for. the;, philosophic deals of Plato aad of Aristotle, for the ia approachable dramatic power of: the lov nortal triad— JSBchyins, ISophocle*, Eori )ides— of the stately poetic jeeniai of Homer, if the historic faculty of Herodotus, of the brilliant narrative of contemporary events r?iitten by Thucydides. They for the -most part, however, overlook that experiment in autocratic government founded by Lycurgus -n Sparta, and they lose the lesson taught by solon that the supreme do wer resided ia the people. The defence of the Pass of Ther nopyls by 200 men against 10,000 inva iers, the victories of Saiarrivf , and 31 Marathon, awaken . sentiments of patriotism through all time. There are UBOBg us men wno pride themselves as titles of form and of art yet who only seem io remember that they may forget whence :amethe marbles that sprang into lite under the inspiration of a Phidias or of a Praxiteles. They talk of architecture without being able :o admire the ghost of beautiful proportion so latent and eo inimitable in the Temple of ETleusia or the Parthenon. Mathematical science applied to mechanicsis 'shown in the mmepse monoliths, unequalled for size and exactitude of shape not only in the Cyclo pean age but later in the Temples 3f Eaalbec ' and Palmyra. All these transcendent powers, begotten in the ideal, were infused into the ? life of the people through a language, the outcome and the medium of living thought, ever active, till tinder the discriminating eye of the Areo pagus Athens became the synonym of knowledge and refinement. Taking another point of view, the estimation* in which the ireek language was held may be gathered from the fact that the Hebrew Scriptures were translated into Greek in Egypt, thus proving that it, waB then the acknowledged channel of current thought the world over ; bnt if farther evidence were wanting the burning of 200,000 volumes in Alexandria by the barbarous Turk shows how universal was the hold that tongue had npon the literature of the age, while the New Testament enshrines in the i majestic symbolism of tne original Greek the utterances of Him who Bpoke as none other ever did speak. I have thus, in the deepening gloom of a debasing utilitarianism, reviewed the . heroic and palmy days of the. chivalry, the philosophy, and the art of Greece, till we come to the revivified Hellenic nation of to-day. The Areopagus again the Supreme Court, an University founded in 1837, has 1,300 students and 72 Professors, a richly endowed girls' school, primary schools everywhere, tree and compulsory, night-schools, and lec tures. But' thought is born of rocks and genius of hard times.' In 1880 there were twenty-five daily newspapers published in Greece, and yet there are people who talk of the Greek as if it were a dead language. Why, 'Greece has come out of her grave tne only nation that has had a resurrection in .the listory of the. world, and is beginning to build up her ancient glory in the kingdom of letters.' Yet in our stolidity we cynically ask— Cui ; hono I This leaving, out of the curricula of our Bchools of the enthusiasm that lies encysted in that glorious tongae in which, as Byron Bays of her heroes— The meanest till the mightiest river ' Bolls, mingled with their fame for ever, shows how inglorious ease has debased oar enterprise of thought and dulled the expan sion of bur Bonk,!- There Tare i to be found those who affect to admire the?ra1gar because outward and material form of art who. ven ture to despise the language that' wa* the vehicle of all its imagery and of all its power. Such thoughts as these have presented them selves to the mind of an interested watcher of the birth- toroeB of our new University. Its heterogeneous members have little segregative force. The factor of school-lore, iameu tmuer oiaer conditions, naa iiau wj make affinity with the want of knowledge raised into importance by social position. These two elements, if each they may be sailed, are sure to be striated into rivalries and cliques, with a strong infusion o religious divergencies Buperadded. Wearied by faction-fighting, as is mostly the case' with democracies, the trustees of the public welfare sink into repose at the feet of some stronger mind which offers to take off the hands of those who undertook the responsi bility a task they have found too, irksome. Thus, however much the study.' of the Greek language would inspire the. rising manhood of our country with the fervour of its mighty genius, they reck not Eotbat they can be eased of a troublesome duty. But do we not live in a commercial age? The question to be considered is how' much will the knowledge of Greek add to our income. The doctrine that 'not by bread alone doth man live' is now exploded. He is but a machine to eat, to drink, to do business, to be merry, and when his corporeal tenement becomes dilapidated, to die. Bat' to learn Greek, the menstruum in which is suspended all the grandeur the human in tellect has ever achieved— that ia^too much. The German of yesterday .the sing-Bong of the vivacious French. Why should we think! It is too troublesome. Moses is dead, the prophets are dead, but the Greek nation is not dead. Like hidden' fire, tbe enthusiasm and magnificence of its glorious past is bursting forth again, acid like a lightning-flash it will arouse to action every being worthy of its impulse. No man can reach the highest possibilities of bis nature, whether in art, science, pblitica economy, or religion, with the thousand and one other developments of which his hidden nature is capable unless he comes into dose communion with the mighty agonies of genius that can alone be revealed to him throucth the living channel of the Greek tongue. Canst thou epeak Greek ? I am, Sir, &c.;, ALPHA.1 