LADY JANE. A GHOST STORY. It was Christmas Eve, or rather Christ nas Day, for the hands of the old-fashioned time-piece which stood on the lofty carved oaken mantlepiece of Marley Hall indicated that midnight had arrived. Sir Joseph Marley, a tall and rather portly specimen of the old English gentle man, about sixty years of age, was stand ing by the side of the fire place, beaming on the company generally, and puflin"u from his recent exertions in getting through a quadrille. The company, numbering between twenty-five and thirty, were nearly all relatives *or members of the family of which Sir John was the head, and had col lected together to keep up the social fes tivities of the season. 'The youngsters had gone off to bed, after being tolerably worn out with the 'hilarities of hunt the slipper and blind man's buff ; and it was determined, accor ding to immemorial custom, to wind up the proceedings with a dance among the seniors, excepting such of them as felt that their dignity would be shocked by such frivolous proceedings-and they were not many. The bees-waxed oaken floor was polished as smooth as glass, while the ancestral portraits which hung round the panelled vwalls were rendered less forbidding from the profusion of holly berries and ever greens with which they were adorned, and the whole of the spacious apartment was brilliantly lighted with chandeliers. -"By the way," said Sir John, turning towards his wife; a blonde about ten years his junior, whose placid features still bore *traces of beauty, " what an extraordinary -thing it is that Charles has never turned up, or given any account of himself. I can't understand it." "I am really quite anxious about him," said his wife, who was the aunt of the Charles in question. "I trust no accident has happened to him. Perhaps he is de tained by his regimental duties. He can not arrive to-night, of course ; and, indeed, if he were to, I don't know 'where I 'oiild pUst him. for Miss .MeTavish is going to sleep in the blue-rooni, as I could not possibly letlher. go away on such a night as this. Barnes says the snow-stormn outside is dreadful." At this.' nioment.a loud knock reverber Sated -tlrough the passage. "BDilJove,' said Sir John, hurrying out, "thafs Charles arrived for certain." He reached the.door just'in time to see it dpened by :. footman, and a tall figure -enter,' muffled. ip like: a mummy, and covered with snow. - ".Well, Charles, my boy," said the genial baronet, shakinb,the new-comer cordiilly • by the hand ; '1well, I'm glad to find you've come at lat-better late than .never, you know. Whati-has made you solate P But. never mind.- How did you get here ? Ah! here's your aunt." " An affectionate greeting having tenka place between the aunt and nephew, the latter was unearthed from his great coat S.and *raps, and appeared ,a gpod-looking youig fellow about two-and-twenty. .i'Youirooni is not ready fot-you;" -said Lady Marley, "aand you must change .your things immediately, or you will catch cold. Yoer won't mind going to the housekeeper's room; where there is a fire P"'. , . Mi'. Chailes Lvell, for:that was"the name 6f thi newcotner,' madd nd objection to this arranediient and foddimsnsolfftl: quarter of, an oliir:afterwards', att akinf-' ga.m pie :with a vigour ewhich made_his. uncle, who was watching the process,,with a snile exclaim:- - " t " Well, I'm glad to see Duiblin has-not taken away your apetite." - . "Not a bit," said the junior, laedghiiig; "and if it had, being. snowed. up .four houlrs in a train and driven sevenmiiles1on such a night as this would soon bring.it back again. I sent you a telegramt"from North Wall, but as I hear the wfrds iare all broken down, I dare say you did unbt get it." ' ' . .."" . "No," said his uncle - -~and-;we were anxious about you. .But, however, its all right now, and.if you've'finished, unless yoa'would like i' cigar, -we wilt join' the Scompany.. You will find Ethel Mgnneriing there, and'I- know' you are.dying "t see, her." \- The young man blushed slightly. as he laughingly, declined the cigar, and taking his uncle's arm, they marchedtoget'er intbAthe! hall. :Lovell was -introdudedto: iDr J--, the eminent London-l hysl.SahT who had been induced to'spend a feb-days .there, and being acquainted withinost of the other guests, soon becamd 'a- fraction of the party, and not long after hlad the. pleasure of whirling round the.room with. the young lady his uncle- had' Allhded tb. It was after conducting her to hibr 'seat .that the following conversation occurred; "And so I find that Lady Marley is 'treated in a very cavaliir fas?hi-h yi er Sdutiful nephew; who arrives almpst a whole day late, and: nearly frightens her to death with anxiety. Are these the manners , you learn in the Guards P" "cNo," said the young soldier. "'But . the admirable Crichton himself couldn't control the weather, you know. Besides, I have been sufficiently punished,for my -absence." .... . _ "Oh, indeed ! And pray how may that ]be " " "In being deprived nearly a *hole' \--day of Miss Mannering's _agreeable societe ." " " 7r ., "TT mt must indeed have been a great deprivation," said the young lady, with ironical gtavity.' ":Oie diy added on'to six Smonths i but I hardlythinKit's,:jquite \- sufficient punishment-it is toounsubstan -tial." \- Well, what do you think of my'beidig £turned out into the cold and being obliged to sleep in the library or.cellar, or.some such place, on two chairs and& a-tables or <two tables and a chair, as I learn I have \- to." "Alh! now that is real puntahmont.: 'I" can thoroughly sympathise with you Iu suppose that when you became a soldier you never anticipated such intolerable hardships ? . By the way, the Guards.are only ornamental soldiers, are they not, who never fightP Colonel Darking-who was in the lindred' d idi soinething foot, lund went all through the Indian Mutinu-- told me the other day that they had not been out of the country for fifty years, or five. hundred, I forget which; Is that true ? "' S"Confound Colonel Darking," said 'the young soldier, reddening.'i '"I only wishi we had a chance of doing something. We shall have some day. But if that con founded-" .... ' r. "Now don't be angry; Colonel Darkihg lover said anything of the'kirid. ' But you are so stupid. But tell me why should you sleep, on two tables'and a chair? Surely the rooms are not all occupied by the pre sent company ?" "No; but I believe there are an army \- of children:', At':ay rate; every room in the house is full, except Lady Jane's, and; that has not beed. ised, you know, for 30 years." "I never heard the real tale of Lady Jane's room," said. Miss Manuoring. "What is it ?" "Oh," said Lovell, "It's some stupid legend about her betrothed being bitten lby a viper and of her sucking the wound. 'the bite was fatal, and she was found dead, kneeling by the sideof the corpse, in that room. It happened" sbme time last century, or, I oxpect;',didn't happen at all." "But surely Sir -John wauld not keep ' the place locked for such a frivolous reason ?" "rWell, no," said Lovell. "But his ' predecessors did. They were more super stitious in those days. But the extra ordinary thing is that the firsat person who slept in it after this event was found dead ssndor some mysterious circumstances. It was about ten years before I was born. Ehe was called Griselda. What names they used to give people !" " "Well,'" said Miss b?Mannering. "That is romantic, and terrible enough. I should like to follow Miss Orisolda's example ay self; but it would be talked about. Isup posebMr. Loveoll, you would be too afraid of meeting -Lady Jane to try the experi nent ?" "No," said Lovehl. "I have no objection to meeting her ladyship if she does not resemble a hag 150 years old. She must be that age by this time. I hear she was very beautiful.' "Then you will sleep in Lady-.Jane's room ?" " Certainly, if you wish it, and my aunt has no objection." "Sir John !" said Miss Mannering to tie baronet, who was ambling past with a glass of port wine negus in his hand. Sir John stopped and said, coming close over, "Well, Miss Beatric " (a nickname he gave her), " what object of railing have you hit on now ?" " Nothing to rail at," said Ethel, "I as sure you; but this warlike nephew of yours, finding he can come across no living ene mies to fight in this world, is anxious to meet them from among the- dead. He wants to sleep in Lady Jane's room." " Aih!" said the'baronet, the smile which had overspread his face disappearing, "is that the case ?" "Well, yes," said Lovell; "I should' rather like to." "Well," said Sir John; " I will speak to your aunt, and see what she says. I am afraid she will object." ' Sir John was right. His wife did object, and very strongly too, and it required all the eloquence of Miss Ethel, who, in spite of a satirical wit, was a general favourite, to get her consent; but it was finally given, much, she declared, against her better judgment. In the meantime the festivities went on, and the dancing was continued until Sir John, who had been busily engaged for an hour brewing an enormous jorum of whisky punch, proposed music. Songs were given galore, Miss McTavish playing all the accompaniments exceedinigly well, occasion ally interposing an Italian sonata herself in a singularly shrill key. Litle Bob Spicer -sang several capital comic songs; Miss Oldfield gave the " Blue Alsatian Mountains" with an extraordinary amount of sentiment, and the Baronet, withimahy a curious twist and twirl of the voice, sang " Bom Bowling." It being now discovered that the fiddler who had been"hited ifoirthe occasion had fallen asleep, and could not by any means be roused again, the company retired. "Good' night," said Ethel, in shaking hands with Lovell; "' but redember, if you don't see a ghost-a really good ghost-yon will forfeit my.gbod opinion." "Sooner than that should happen," said Lovell, "'I would see a thousand." The Baronet here took Lovell's'arm, say ing he would conduct, him to his chamber, which Lovell thought rather extraordinary, as it was in a remote'part of the building,: and Lovell was as iell: acquainted with" the locality as the Baroinet himself... ' When they' arrived outside the' dor, his uncle said:-. S"Here we are! I I:am not particularly spperstitiouis, but if you knew everything' connected with 'that room you wouldneverl wish to see the inside of it. .Good night,| my boy, aid I trust you will'rest,'and' ioti be disturbed in any way. . Good .night!' and, shaking his nephew by the hand, he' hurried away. There was soiething about all this tlat made Lovell rather 'uncomfortable. ' He returned"his' uine?e'i "''Good night,"' how ever,:cleerfuly.'.en ough, and,'opening the door of the chamber, waa:rather'surprisddY. to find" ainother one beyond. :. H;ehjadi;io' soon6er :pssed the firstdoorthan; although: lie hade not -noticed-aniy spring i?i?t., it closed' sorapidly behind him that it bredii Shis candle out, and he heard a noise some thing like bolts being rapidly drawn. \- Fbortunatelyihe had a match, and it was soop relighted, but wVen :he opened the second'door, aiid 'passed through he felt something ,.like -alarm when - that, -.too, closed with the satne silrit 'rapidity' and with the noise of closing bolts repeated. . "Upon try rord,"' he said to himself, '"there'sB?,Qmething uncanny about this pliaeb; I'll uriavel this mystery," and he endeavourid' to arfrithe handle. But his lutmostelfodAs wereivain.; both thehiandle and oorýiwere o, hinioable as if they formld. a-portion=ofthe solfdbuilding'.'. '. The.position wasiibt altogher a com 'fortable onie, and Lovell felt, ai vague -un easiness:-cone over his '-sii \\\as he pro cedede Ito 'xamina the room. 'It was an' oblong, .wanspotted apatmetit,-and a; fire: wasbl ingat one end, while ii a corner *was a massive .oaken. fpur-post bedste'ad, the iuper part of which -still supported a fringe df fadedcrimnsontapestry. At the foot?f-this .cumbrbmt inablede was'i smihll ealp-beteasta-*,ep'. 1, for his reception. :'-The'winewdoWs Wre'c sments .made'-to oq&?eieoutwaids, but. o trying the bolts Leovellouind them rusted fast into their sodkclet-.·ThIe'e was an air of dampness a ffolwhich seemed anything but pleasant, and thi'efw'-fe tibles' of mddeti furfniture ihich'had beenirought up for the occasion were strangely at'varitnce'with the rest of the apartment. Hung. on the wall.op-. positi athe apirpac was a soliary picture, -which, although Lvell.had not-previously' been aware of its eidtince, he kno.y to be. the portiait of Lady Jane, and he gazed on it with rapt attention. .The colours were as fresh as though they had just been laid on; the eyes were closed, and the complexion was of that lurid blueness peculiar to.dead-people. It was the portrait of aicorps. , 'Lovell gazed with a' species of fascina tion-there.was such a ghastliness of truth in'the delineation. But what seized on his imagination most were the lips, which the artist had painted blood-red, and which made a startling contrast with the sur rounding pallor. He remained looking at the picture so-long that he almostbegan to imagine it was/the substance, not the shalow, whidl"ho saw before him, nd it was with a great effort that he turned ,away' his7eyds, and walked towards the fireplace. The fire was low, and the gloom of the surroundings affected his spirits. iHecould not distract his thoughts from those features, so beautiful and yet so ghastly, and he determined not to look at 'thism' again; "Heihad been leaning against the chimney-piece spme time, with his black 't the piefure, liut with the face, and no thing but the face, in his mind's eye, when lhe;began to-feel a curious and unearthly sensation as of fear of something unknown stealing over him, and a horrible idea be Igasntot`dwn upon his'mind thatrlW' corjgsi' asiaaso.olkng ailhis. In spite of hisoirsolu tion he felt forced to turn round, if only to dispel-the idea, and he felt a creeping chill as h'e"observed that the eyes of the picture were now open, and fixed on him with a eold dead stare. : ' " It's a trick of the artist," he muttered, as he seized the candle and walked up to the picture; "I. have seen something of the kind before. ' ', But look as he would he'could -iot ima gine the eyes again closed. "I'll get out of this vile dungeon," he 'said, and-he exercised his utmost strength to force the door; he then tried the win dows, though he knew them to be 40 feet from': the -ground.:- Buit all -his efforts: *progved vain, and he was' fain to jwait for; the dawnn. t He sat himself down by the mouldering, fire, and, taking a cigar from his case, con trived.to light it from the dying embers His thoughts, however, were so wrapt in the transformation he had' witnessed that the eigar went' but again almost inimnedi .ately.. After remaining in a cramped position for a long time, he was unaware how long, he observed that the air became 'thick aild difficult to bleaithe, while an intensely damp, earthy smell, like that which exudes 'from vaults, seemed to fill the atmosphere. A feeling of dread came Sover him, and he had the intuitive feel inig, like dne in a nightmare, that there was a strange presence in the room. He "felt' cnstrained to look behind him, and there a sight mnet his gaze which made him' sitart with horroir to . his feet. A figure, wrapped in a shroud, was advanc ing towards him. He tried to - cry out,: but -his voice stuck in his throat. His limbs re fused their services. The corpse slowly 'advanced, and he felt the icy cold of its presence themore the nearer it approached. At last it was so close that' it stretched out its hands, and, tiaking his face between . them, it beoot over and kissed him on the forehead. The chill 'claminess of the touch sent a thrill of horror through his frame, and he felt his hair bristling on end. When, however, the wet lips touched him, and he felt the cold bloodon his fore head, his heart stood still, till, with an almost superhuman effort, he threw up his arms and shrieked aloud. And that instant a cold burst of wind came down the chimney, and destroyed the small remains of fire, and the glim mering light of the candle at the same time, and he was left in utter darkness. But the corpse was gone. He remained for a long time perfectly motionless, with his eyes almost starting from their sockets, and the cold perspira tion rolling from his face. After a time the air, which had re sumed its normal condition at the extinc tion of the light, again became thick, and the shuddering smell of vaults again be came perceptible. The corpse was in the room! But where P He could feel its very presence creeping towards him, but he knew not from whlat side, and in fear he turned round and round, as though to face the hideous thing. His eyes almost started from his head, so eager was he to find frm? what quarter it would approach. It appeared to be all round him, and ap proaching with sure and .deadly steps. At length he felt the presence so close.that. he knew those dead arms were being out stretched to clasp him in their horrible embrace, and were all but touching him, when, collecting all his faculties to a point, he rushed madly forward. lie came with a crash against the case ment;' the rusty iron burst with the force of the shock, and he was precipitated forty feet below. Christmas Day, at ton in the morning, LadylMarley was seated at breakfast, when Miss Ethel made her appearance, as fresh as a rose.'' "You look very well my dear," said Lady' Marley, "'after.the dissipation of last night. It seems to agree with you." " Yes," said Ethel, smiling, pleasantly; "dissipation is an excellent thing if you don't have too much of it; but I wonder, how our ghost-hunting cavalier is getting" on.'': " Ah, my dear," 'said Lady Marley, "that was a silly affair. But you don't know all the circumstances. It is just thirty years ago to-day that Miss Griselda Marley was found dead in that room, with a look of horror on her fade, while her hair had turned perfectly-white, arid beyond a red mark on her forehead, like a blood stain, there seemed nothing the matter with her, and she was the first person who had slept in it for 100 years." "That's perfectly true," said Sir John, who just entered in tiite to hear, the con eluding words; " it's thirty years ago to day. Most: extrabrdinary thing ' Had any one seen Charles this morning ?"' - At this moment a footman came running' in with great!alarm on his face. : SOh,, Sir, Mr.. Lovell has. been :picked up in the snow, dead." i"Dead!!iyounrascal," said the 'Baronet, in angry. alarm. " Dead !: What the.devil' do-you ;nmean ?? ' I-meanl he was. picked up in the. snow," dead.'! . S"No; no; no !:. Nothinig of .the kind !" said Dr. J--, coming inatthis moment; "inothing of the kind... I .did not-rwish.to. laru,. you.- rematurqly. ' iut your n'eph'ew seems to have fallen out of his bedroom wididow-a ve ry copnsider able heigh-buit his faill was -broken by a snow- drift, .luckily underneath. 'Neo -you can't see himh (ldying hold bf the Baronet's 'arm)-; ' for he'e swathed in 'ifannel, and; moreover, hd's delirious at present. But it is 'nothing serious, I think. Bjr the way; I did not notice last night that' .your -nephew's hair, was white." . " " "-Neither is it," said the Baroitet;' "it's bilovn.' Th'ere;are -no bones broken, I " There; i;"d' sign 'of injur'y,"' said Dr.' J- ,' "bdyoid''a verypeculiar red mark; like a blood-utain-' nly it's permanent ri?it on thd middle of the':forehead.5" : i r' Doctor!"-said the baronet, :'linginig 'to the door- post; "look to my wifed I'm' not, wdll enough: 'She' has fainted ini her' chair." * \+ i-- -'-- 1- " . . . . . - " Bathe'r lesIs 'than 'two years after the aboveo events 'the' following' doversation took place between-Sir' John 'Marley and Dr. J- , at No. -, Portman-square. The occasion was the marriage of Cap tain Charles Lovell with Miss Ethel" Man neiing: 'I knew you"would comoeto the break fast if you cotild;-Doctor, if only to see what small effect braii fever leaves under youi skilful'treatment; Do'you still hold to the opinion 'that the brain"fever was the cause 'of what' Charles sa; and "ndt' the effect? Are you still "as s~i ptical on the subject of apparitions?" " .l . "I ani just' a. great ain infidel boi 'that subject as ever,"' said the. Doctor.. " Well, how do you' acc'ount'fdr the simi larity of circumstances-the 'hai-' turning white with Charles (which,' liy the way, gives him avery distiniuiilhedd appearance) and with poor Griselda P'"' " It is singular-very singular-but not a tmiracle,'. - " Well, what aboit the permiannt blood stain on the forehead? " .'fThesei:'ar'e coincidences," said" the Doctor; "extraordinary circumstances, which I canniiot explain, that's all." . - "I think," said the- Bardnet, "'ifyou saw a spebtre eeiry' day bf :your. life youi would deny its existence?'-- ' Yes,"' s'sid theb DIoctor i "very' likely. I should say it was an'optical'delusion." "Ah !" said 'the"'Baronet, placimg both halids on the'otlier'sashoulders, and look ing him gravely: in ;the face ;' "there are more things in heaven and- earth, Doctor, than are dreamedodf:+in your-philosophy." ARiTHU SUTTro, in Aickland Observer. 