CHAPTER X. TItOWBBIDGE COMES HOME. j When Augusta "Vanvelt awoke from the uncon- sciousness into which she had fallen, she found herself in her own room, reclining in a chair by the window. The candle had burnt low, the moon had gone down, and she was chilled to the bone. She roused herself with an effort, and looked around. Could she have dreamed what was present in her mind ? Had the light in the window of the west wing, the shadowy hand and arm, the fierce grip which had left her still sore and stiff, been merely the freaks of a disordered imagination ? No. It had all been a reality. ¿.She felt the bottom of her dress. It was still damp from the dew on the gross through which it had trailed. She sat lost in thought. What was the mystery ? For mystery she felt there was. What was in the west wing ? What had seized on her and brought her back to her own room? And how had admittance been gained to the house ? She thought the matter over and ovor, but the more she thought the more perplexed she grew. She resolved not to speak to Eleanor about it, for Eleanor was already as nervous as she could be, and she would not increase her terrors. She resolved to keep stiE and watch. As days passed, and Albert Trowbridge did not return, the distress and apprehension of Eleanor increased. The matter had been put into the hands of the police, but they met with poor success in elucidating the mystery. But it was the opinion of Detective Marlowe, who was eminent in his business, that Trowbridge was all right, but that he was simply in hiding until the excite- ment had subsided in Marlboro. When the mills were blown up, Eleanor's small stock of courage gave way, and it required all Augusta's skill to keep her quiet. But the next morning after the explosion, while the two girls were at breakfast, the door opened quietly, and Mr. Trowbridge walked into the room. Eleanor flew at him, and embraced him with wild cries of joy. " Oh, Albert ! Albert ! is it you ? Where have you been? Are you alive? Didn't they kill you? Oh, I am so thankful ! Is it really you?" "Softly, softly, my dear; don't got excited. Yes, it is really I-" " And you haven't been ruuraereu i>y tne strikers ?" " Not I. I haven't seen a striker since the night they escorted me home from town. Miss Augusta, I trust you are well." He gave her his hand with easy courtesy, and as if it were the most natural thing in the world for a man to go off and stay two weeks, nobody knew where, and then return, nobody knew when, or how. " Wo were so frightened, weren't we, Augusta ?" pursued Eleanor. " And we sent the police after you. And I should have put on crape only it would be so dreadfully unbecoming to me. And tney have blown up your mills, too. Isn't it dreadful ?" " The perpetrators will find it dreadful, if I get on their track," said Trowbridge, with grim deci- sion. " This thing has gone far enough. It shall stop !" " Oh, Albert, you surely won't do anything to them ! They might kill you !" " The law shall take its course," returned Trow bridge. " It doesn't fill the mouth of anybody's wife or child to enact scenes of violence." " But the people have had such hard times ; and ' the women, too, poor things ! Why, I don't suppose the wives of these men have so much as one" silk dress a year." Trowbridge laughed, and sipped leisurely the coffee the servant had brought him. " You are a child, Eleanor. You don't understand these things." " But you haven't told us where you have been, Albert. Aren't you hungry? You must be nearly famished? John"-to the servant-"bring in some more of the cold fowl and something else substan- tial. Mr. Trowbridge must bo half starved." " My dear sister, you do not suppose I have been living on Dr. Tanner's regimen for the last two weeks, do you ? I am not particularly hungry this morning." " You are not ? Why how strange ! But where have you been ?" " I have been with a friend, not very far away from hero. And you must ask no more questions." Eleanor subsided : and Trowbridge after con- versing on different subjects with Augusta ordered his horse. " You are not surely going to venturo into town" cried Eleanor, with anxious apprehension. " Why not ? I have done nothing to make my going out dangerous." But Augusta saw that he put a pair of pistols in his breast pockets. She followed him to the hall door. "You will be careful?" she said, lifting her beautiful eyes to his face. " You will not take any rash steps ?" He took her white hand and pressed it to his lips. " Of course, I shall take no risks. There are, prac. tically, none to take. The strikers have done their worst. They have destroyed their means of gaining a living. Surely they ought to bo satisfied. And the town is patroled by the police, and arrests have been made, and moro will follow. This thing has gone far enough." He mounted his horse, touched his hat, and rode away. There were no demonstrations of animosity or otherwise as Albert Trowbridge rode through the streets and down to the ruins where his mills had stood. The people were paralyzed by the terrible conse- quences of what had been done by Dan Selby's rash act. The ruin of the mill had entitled ruin on themselves. The most desperato of the strikers were sobered; they had begun to think. A portion of the mills had taken fire immediately after the explosion, and workmen were removing the charred timbers. In doing this a human body was exposed. This was indentified as the body of a tramp whom Selby was with seen with a short time before the explosion. Towbridge looked on with a stolid face. His heart was not a sympathetic organ under ordinary cir- cumstances, and seeing the utter ruin of his pro- perty did not render it more so. "Will you build the mills ag'in, sir?" asked a middle-aged woman, edging up toward Mr. Trow- bridge. " No ; the mills will never be rebuilt." " The saints in heaven ! And what'll we do, with no work, and no money ?" " That's not my lookout !" The next morning the following notice, printed in immense type, was placarded on all the blank walls, and stared at the passers-by from bulletin boards erected for the purpose : PITE THOUSAND DOLLARS BEWAKD ! For such information as may lead to the arrest and conviction of the guilty party, or parties, con- cerned in the wrecking of the buildings known as Trowbridge's Mills, in the town of Marlboro. ALBERT TEOWBRIDQE. Beneath this appcarod a second notice, to the effect that the town of Marlboro, through its selectmen, would pay an additional thousand dollars for the arrest of the guilty parties ; and with such an incentive to spur them on, it was rightly surmised that both the police and detectives would put in some of their best work on the case. Trowbridge went home, and spent the evening quietly with his womankind. He was a singularly agreeable companion when he laid himself out for effect, and he wanted to make a good impression on Miss Vanvolt. When Eleanor retired at eight with a headache, Trowbiidge and Augusta were left alone. It was an opportunity their heiross liad waited for ; she wanted to question him about tho west wing of Clitheroe. And when he in the course of conver- sation, asked her how she liked Clitheroe, she saw her opportunity. " It is charming ! I find it one of the most interesting houses I have ever seen. Particularly since I have learned that it possesses a charm with out which'no great house complete." " I do not think I comprehend." " I am told that Cuthero is haunted." " Haunted ! How absurd ! Eleanor has been talking nonsense ! She has absorbed that informa- tion from some of the older servants, of whom I have perhaps retained more than was for the best. Old servants are full of idle gossip." " Perhaps 60, But why has the entrance to the west wing been closed?" " The walls wore crumbling in places, and the floors were insecure. Eleanour has a child's curiosity about such things and I feared she or her friends might meet with some accident if the door remained. As it is, thero is no method of getting into that part of the house, unless a burglar could manage it." "Indeed is there no outside door?" " There are two." " I have never noticed them." " No ? Well, that is not strange. They are con- cealed by the ivy." j I " Mr. Trowbridge, I confess to a curiosity about that west wing. Could it not bo mamaged so that I could see the inside of it ?" " I fear not the locks of the doors are rusty, and the keys were lost so long ago. If you could get in you would find nothing but owls and bats. It would not pay you for your trouble." . "Are the rooms furnished?" " No. That is, I think not. It is a long, long time since I have traversed the apartments in the west wing." Something in his manner seemed to forbid further questioning, and Augusta, by no means satisfied, dropped the subject, f But she made up her mind to one thing. If ever she became the mistress of Clitheroe, and she began to think that she might be won to that view of the subject, the rooms in that west wing would see the light of day, and the free air would be let in on the dusty ghosts that lurked in the forbidden recesses. 