MIARJO1U.E'S LAST CH.IAlNCE. AN AMtERICAN 0II.1'D 7SiR1. It was a yellow Septcelber any upon which we all mioved into the old housoe tit lBubblhtol-- on,- of thlose days that !end a glamouo to thi saddlest scener, and positively ildealizo time glorisca of our American autululls. The hills were veiled in soft violet Iaizo,- ithe road was carpeted with red and yellow leaves, the bland sunstbino tleeped verythling in woarmth andl briglhtness, tud, out itn tne old-fashlione( garden, tie pears lhung like pentdants of gold, and the bIlue plumslt rauined down oni thie ground lwhenover aII light breeze shook tlit boughir, while Iho air was full of thei plasant scent of rilpening graipet. IHow we fIour girlh racedup and downln under lhii terollised lur oas !- how we pelted each other with Ithe lhavy-lmeaded dahllias andl clited oone anotlher down to the very edge of the little brook lthaint urgled ovttr its lid ,f nmssy stones, nd laIuglclhed a shrill tonswer to11 mhIatgly chatter of thio discomfited squiirrels lwhose ttrso of nu We stolol Atnd then tie house, --tIlme big soliltrym eoott, the quaint thlree-cornered closets, lthe old.fishioned wainscoting, tho passages tihat le:d nowlheroind theII doors tIhat opened on blankl walls; hlow lilke a fairy story it all was I " l)elightfiul " pronounced Sara, when at lInstl the dreamn y dunk had Ifallen orver all, and we were :n.atlhered aroundtl a fire of blazing stictks ill t110 great clitthmey of the room which we decided ituLt have bool tllh " beat iarlotur" of the deaod-and-gone gentry who Ihad once inhabited tubbleton Grange. "i mean to wrieto a piece of poelry about the broken sunt-dial in the flower garden," onii Nint, entimn-c folly. "tI wonder whlich room would have time best liglht for my en?ml," mtused Iolen, thle artist of the famIily. " Biut you miust relnomber, girls" fanid I lutg ginlg miy Iknees and staring ec.tatiailly into the fire, "thant if it lt hadn't beeoon for me, you would tonever, any of you, hov oroised the thlreshlold of 1ubbleton Grange I" "I think," aid Sara, sareaostically, tlnt we o must vote IMarjorio a medal as the philanliropist of the famnily." "oWe must bear in mind," observed Nina, aptly following Sara's lead, "thalnt, if it itdn't been for the clharminig otupidity of our younger sister, who would ineitheor be a icholar, a shlop-girl, nlor ian artist, Aunt Pauline never would have brought us to Bifbbleton." "Exactly," said I, not in tho lenst discomfited by this latnerly raillory, to which I woas ncoustemned. " But do you Ithinki, larjorio," otid gentle HIeln, "that you can nlanago thie bees ' W With te netting itnask and gloves,-yes," said I. "I moeian, to manke a profit out of the business," ox. planined lo'en. "Oh, l don't Iknow," said I. "I never Indo a profit out of anythling yet. But boee-culture las full of possibilities; at least, so the Manual says. And there are four or five rows dowa litt the foot of the gardten, til at lea doent n hives in every row. tiuppoeeo rnch hive to ntet five dollars a seasono-- " Oh, IMarjorlt, Marjorion" cried Helen, olovating her Ihanda in detispair, " tirt isn't tite wty to ltceu "Isn't it? Well, don't let us calculate to-nlght," ,ald I, with a ynawn. " We are aill too tired,--and this fire-light is too gloriouas. IIHark I ln't that a cricket on the hearth ? The deIIar littlo Itrbinger of good, butw pleasant its tity voice soundst! Ohi, I m n , sure we are oing1 to ?tucceed I" 'o explalnt tlhling plroperly to tho renader, I mustt first macknowltdgelm limi S:trmi'n estimalote of me wts per feetly correct. Prtlelnally speakinig, I was a failure. 1l had broiken hlolhelsly ldownt in miy eoxamination to become a schlool-tealher,-- I had bultglhd in the very rudilllo?tti of erI,-I twvas tott poor I ulllattemnt:iam i to rctlotil cllllltmet ?oblildl a cotlltl(er. hniol \tIen they comllllrolmtiteld Imltllla I v ty titililng nt oi12n pIutlon to in old lady wheo wats willigl to iay a nmodirilme tiry It soimitt oti t'o uniteid Ihtie, I sp.iled all by hallinti otiih si I mhtn 1 'vas rtading im I cr, itt f rgettih'g the daih' 1.,mth plf twr dlarling ),?dl, . And when Aunt I'aulinuo read in the neowpipers an ad vertisremont of a bee-farm to lot, nto grasped the op. portunity. "I will elurt larjorio in beo-culture," soaid heo; "and if ohe can't succeed in that, she can't suceed in anytlhing. And we can all live out In the country a deal clheaper thln we can in New York. Iara and NNina can co1no inlto the city every day to give their lea.sone,-flelen can Ilavc a ltudio coilnewhero in thei hIoune, and pirosecute her arlt-work,-and ,l Ianrjorie, poor unlucky child, shall have one last chance." And this was hlow and 'why we camne to Ilublbleton (Grango " DIo you sluppose," t;ail I rellecting afher we had lis tecned 1to the cricket'i chirlp in ilence for comno Limle, "that lthere is qi-gLoe at- thle Grango " S:ari gave ii viol(tnt start. Sihat le nons;ense !" said ishlle. " it would imake it very ronmantic," saild s?olt-voiced Nina. " I lhaven't heard of a ghost," oaid tIClen, "but I've heard of a very elegant gentlemanu whlo ihas lhi country ceat at Austcy l'ark, close hi our boundarices--Ir. Gerald Antey !" " Yolng 0" said Niia, eagerly. " Yes," nodded Helen. "At least so old Mieliel tlhe gardener says. And rich. And handsoert!" "Good !" said Sara emphllaticeall. '" I mean to capti vate him i" " You won't object to my entering thie list too, I hepe," rsaid Nina. "I should like a wealthly lusband as well as any girl. I detest, tlhis trying to lionmer time alndl tune into the headl of every stupid child rliose inotlier canll afford ta, pay mo twelve dillars a quarter!" "Don't rleavo e out, girls !" said Helen. As for nme, I still sat and stated into thle fire, clasp ing my kiners closer than ever. I was the youngest,- thie ugly llduckli-the stupid one of the famnily. Nlaturolly I expiected to give place to my elder sisters lI-a sort of unw11ling Cinderella I "And lwhat does IlMarjorio cayv " asked N'iai, laug11h ingl,--IIlid Sara answered: "Nothing at all! Marjorie, poor dear, rnever has any ideas " lBut Ithl?ey were mislia?ken--I adtl ideas, I hald a very definite inltention of makinig a euccess of thlo bco-busi ness. I was tired of alternate lectures and ridiculelo. I resolved 1that thlis timno I twolil triumphl over my nl verse fate. And all tills tieno I eas muasing over my future. "I may have ideas," I shiarply retorted, "baut they don't rem in the direction of love andi love nmakling." And just then Aunt l'aulino came in and eiut us all, withllout ceremlony or distinction, to boled. Very early in lthe mrorninRg I waked up, roused Iby thI chleerful crowing of some not far distant elianti cleer and thllo nmyriad indescribable sounds of country life, and without disturbing Helen, who still slept sounldly, I rose and dressed mIyself and stole softly out into the garden, swhere tile crimson of dawn-risan was clothing evcn t1e simplest surroulndings with pictur esque glory. " I mean to tlke a good look at thie bees," thoughlt I. Early as I was my little winged charges had lbeen before me, and were soaring forthl inll tinly clouds of blackness towards lthe level morning sunsl ine. I iwalked up and down thoile narrow, tlhyme-bordered pathll and viewed the industrious mites with mingiled admira tion and disgust. "Thley must love to work better than I do," was thle upshot of my meditations. "Ilorrid, fussy little thllings. What have tihy done to deserve being held up to all creation as a model ?" Aud theo I began, Alnaschalr-like, to count up tihe possibilities of makinig a fortuman willin tie Rnext tlen 'cears out of these beehives. Supposing lthaint all went pirooperously--supposing t1hat Ihonery held its own in the mrllal'---supposinig tllat each swarnm duplicated itself half a dozen times over--eupposilig But. illn ly abstracted s,unter up and downl thie Inar row paIthway I lost sighltof outward surrolundings and unllronsciously stlepled ibackward, overtlurning two or three hives at once. Out flew the enragedl inlhaibitants of Ilcthese invadcd cities armned cap-a- epie-laway Ilow I pell-mnell anlld screaming " Help I ilelp !" into the very armso of a man withi a gun ill li halnd who slprllung over t1le stone w-all, appearing is if by malgic before my astonishled vision. Apparently hlie comprohended the whole in a second, and llseizing lme aroluLd the waist hlie swunllg Ime lightly over thie wall into aii slmall circulir summer- llousoeover-groewn swith scarlet-leaved lllampelolpsis alld late-blossonaed honcysuciile. "We are iafe hero," said hie. "'lThey will go past us. Ilees are stupid creatures. I lhope yo are not hurt ?" "No,' cried I, lauglhing and crying at the same lnellntll, "but I hlopo /oi wecreln't hurt; for I ranll againllst you withl my wsiolo force ?" "Not in the least,"lhoinse wered, courteolusly. "I isuppose you aire one of my now noilghbour; ?" " I anm MIarjorio Boll," said I, thlinkinig withll a pang of my crimping pins and thle extreme plainness of lmy ginghamll gown I "AAnd I amn Gerald Austoy," hlie said. I hope thatt hlereiafter we shall be thie best of friends, Miss Marjorie I Will you allow me to go back, now tlhat the bees are quieted down a little, and replace the dives on the bench ?" "Oh11!" cried I, brealhlessly, "do be careful 1" I watcled him, with my heart upoi my lips, as lhe deftly replaced thie wreck my carelessnesos had made, and finally returned to me, seathlless and witholut lharm! And then hlie walkled withl me as far as the door-step of thie old Grange, and left me, promlising to call tlhat very afternoon ! In thlis unconventionall wayourfriendsllipcommcencod -and when lthe first snow fell, feathery-white and soeft, over tle hillls aind vales, Gerald Auslotey asked mo to be his wifol " Little Marjorie las drawn t1le trump cardafter all !" said Aunt lPauline, lauglaing. "01,, Marjorio, may I come up to the Iall, when you are married," said HIlen, "and coply thlose beauti ful old pictures in thie library?" " Only to think," said majestic Sara, "that a man could fall in love withls a wild romp of a girl who nearly knockled him down at their first mooting I" "Perlnhaps," said Nina, putting a caressing hand on my head, "it is becanuse Marjorio lhas a face lilke a chelrub. and tihe sweetest blue eyes in all lthe world i After all, I don't lmiow that I wonder alt Mr. Austey o very Imucluh." And so ltl bees made my fortune after all, although not exactly in tile way we had anticipated I 