The Markey's Ghost, BY " C.B.M.," AUTHOR OF " PARADED IN PRINT." OMIE days before Christmas Eve, S1885, Melbourne Moore favored me with a few remarks. We were sitting on the balcony at our lodg ing, he looking with discontented eyes at the outside world. " I have come to the conclusion," he said, ' that sweethearting is the cheapest of all amusements. I lose at horse races, or at boat races. but sweethearting is cheap. I have a plan for our mutual enjoyment. Of course, I shall go home to the farm, and you and the .larkey had better come with me; I'll get my mother to invite a couple of nice girls, and we will have a jolly time." " Why not three girls " " Two are enough; there always ought to be one man over ; if I get tired of one girl, I can go lishing, and leave you and the MIarkey to do the entertaining." The Markey agreed to go with us. It would have been a strange proposal that failed to please Phillip Towers. He was a jolly fellow, with a something so aristocratic about him that we at first called him "the noble earl," but on discovering that his mother was actually a lady in her own right, we promoted him to the rank of Mar quis, and he eventually became " The ttaekey." Melbourne Moore instructe uno to each take a travelling rug, and on Christmas Eve we reached the farm, a happy trio. The M?arkey took four tennis racquets, two ham mocks, and about 201bs. of preserved ginger. His rug was the best of the lot. Mrs. Moore, Mel's mother, received us kindly; she was one of those charming old ladies who are always surrounded by pretty girls. Her niece, Poppy, was a splendid creature, whose play at tennis was deliberate. She smiled calmly as she sent the balls over the net, while her friend, Mary Morris, made a frantic rush. opened her mouth wide, missed the ball, and generally shook her shower of yellow hair all around the court. In spite of these tennis peculiarities, within two days Mary had made the Markey her captive, and judging by the way she swung in his ham mock, and ate his ginger, she was, as Mel expressed it. "sweet on him." Two days after Christmas, Mel's father was unexpectedly called away. BMel, who rode to the station with him, on returning, took the Markey and me into " the cottage," as we called the detached room where we bache lors slept. Mel drew a letter from his pocket, saying : " Read this." It was from Mrs. Crabb, our landlady, who complained to MIel that his friend Mr. Towers owed her for a month's lodging; and, in addition, he had stolen a travelling rug of hers, and that un less the money was paid and the rug re turned within two days, proceedings would be taken. "We haven't been to the station since we came up ; the two days have expired ; what shall we do l" asked Mel The Markey flung himself on his bed, ex claiming, " The ungrateful old crone ; 1 sent her a lovely Christmas card." " Why didn't you pay her ? " I asked. " I hadn't the money." " What in the name of common sense made you fritter away your month's screw in rac quets and hammocks 1 " demanded IMel. "I wanted to bring something to amuse the girls. Mrs. Crabb knows that I mean to pay her. I always do pay once a month, only not in advance." " But about the rug i " I asked. " This is it." The Markey lifted it off his bed. " The rug was kept on a couch in my room ; how can it matter to her whether I Evidently from the Country. YOUNG JENKYNS (to his cousin, elderly and blazd)-" Oh, Tom, I love her so devotedly, yet I fear she will not have me. She is twenty-eight, and so charming !" To?3 '? ' Acenty-eight !' and yet you fear she won't accept you ? Well, you are green !" use it either here or there 7 " said the Markey in an injured tone of voice. " Didn't you ask her for it ? " "No; I left without saying good-bye. I was afraid she would worry me to have Christmas dinner with her." " Is there anything of yours which she can nnex ? " I asked. " Nothing but an odd dumb- bell and an old hat." " I have only a little silver, and the pater, having gone, I can't raise any more. I might try mother-" Mel began. The Markey rose. " I wont hear of it; I would spend a century in gaol rather than ask her." We talked for a long time, and finally de cided that Mel should return the rug, and send a letter. This epistle was a joint affair, and began : " My dear Mrs. Crabb " "Abominable old crone I ' murmured the Markey. " I am exceedingly sorry that the Honor able Phillip Towers-- ' "I'm not an Honorable." " Of course you're not honorable, but you will be when you pay her; she will forgive the rug business if she thinks it an aristo cratic freak." The letter proceeded : " I am exceedingly sorry that the Honor able Phillip Towers should have occasioned you anxiety. He came to my father's house, as you know, but has since left. I have no doubt that he will pay his debt to you in a few days. I am unable to forward the money, being in the wilds of the bush. Should the Honorable Phillip not pay you by the end of the week, I will be responsiblefor his debt. Meanwhile, my books, Daven port, and clothing remain as his security." As Mel finished, the Markey groaned " Where am I to go ? I see that you mean me to leave." " You mast go by this afternoon's train, get out at Thompson's siding, and cut back here. One of us will be at the boathouse to row you in the direction of the island, where you'll have to stay until we raisesomemoney,"' said Mel. Just then Mary tapped at the wall with a tennis racquet. The Markey ran his fingers through his fair hair, and his smile vanished. " You won't tell the girls ?" he said. " Of course not; we don't want to make Mary uncomfortable by letting her know that every pound of ginger she has devoured has been all insult to your landlady," I said. The Markey fled to break the news of his sudden departure, while Mel and I directed the rug to Mrs. Crabb. When he said "good-bye" he fairly trembled, for Mary insisted upon putting a sandwich in his bag, aid lie was in agony for fear she might see lie meat, biscuits, and rather suspicious looking bottle Mel had stowed there. "My spirit shall hover near you," the liarkey said, as lie held Mary's hand. At last we got him away, and carried out Mels programme. I met the Markey two hours Iat r, and rowed him to the end of the cleared water; lie sprang out of the boat on to a :clump of ti-tree, and plunged through the thick scrub, carrying his bag and a small " cvagabond tent." There was only a faint track to the island, which Mel had shown us when we went wallaby-hunting. As I watched the Markey stepping from tussock to tussock in the sunset light, I thought it the queerest way for a man to spend his holidays. The next day Mel and I, under pretenceof going duck-shooting, cut across to theisland. The Markey had rigged up his tent, and said that lie "liked camping," but by the way lie questioned us about Mary I knew that he longed to see her. When Mel and I went back to the house we saw the girls on the lawn talking to a stranger, who on seeing us drew Mel aside and said that lie had come to arrest the Markey, which had a gruesome sound. Mel told him that Mr. Towers had left by the train for Melbourne, which was true, and that the rug had been returned. The man seemed to think that Mrs. Crabb had made a fuss about nothing; still lie meant to have the Markey, but at lastwentoff to the town ship. Mel said. " I wish the governor would come home," and I went into the garden to wonder how I could raise some money. I saw Mary sitting under the vine-covered trellis, her head ulpon her outspread armus on the rustic table. As the musonlight revealed her dejected attitude. it occurred to me that if "sweethearting" wlas cheap to Mel, some one else was finding that it cost dear. As I watched, a figure appeared on the path. It was tihe Markey. Blarelheadedl, dripping with water, like an apparition, lie alppeared before the girl. She lifted her head, and stared, then gave a fearful scream. Ile sprang for ward, but I hurried him into the shadow of the musk tree, and calling him a few uncom plimentary names, ordered him back to the island. Poppy ran to comfort Mary, wlho kept on sobbing, "Hlie is dead, I saw his ghost, he has been drowned." This madeMcl and me unhappy ; we spent thie next morning on the island abusing the Markey. " If you must see the girl, come as a man ; do something to prove you are not a ghost," said Mel; and that same night the wretch obeyed him. I was on the verandah, trying to cheer Mary, when a figure appeared the other side of her hammock. As she sat up her eyes dilated with horror. The Markey put his hand on her shoulder, and, giving her the most unghostly kiss possible, vanished from the verandah. I was paralysed with indig nation. Mary was in tears. Again Poppy flew to the rescue, at whose side of course was Mel, who enquired anxiously, " the Markey's ghost, what did he say 1" "Nothing," sobbed Mary. " What did he do 1" " He-he kissed me I" "Ohl I surely not, you screamed, and I kissed you," said Poppy, trying to improve matters. "Poppy, you-you haven't a moustache," came in tragic tones from the hammock. When Mel and I next saw the Markey, we bullied him in earnest. " I thought it the simplest way without speaking to show her that I wasn't dead," was his sole apology. V' You certainly are a first-class idiot," said Mel, "you must give me your word not to leave the island again until I fetch you ; my father will be home to-day, I will send Mrs. Crabb her money to-night, and then come for you." The Markey gave us his word not to leave the island until called for. He borrowed Mel's gun explaining that any report would merely be thought some one dock shooting further down stream. Mr. Moore returned at mid-day. Mel borrowed the money, and sent it with interest to Mrs. Crabb, but after we returned from the station, it was too late to go for the Markey. WVe were saying " good night" to the girls on the verandah, when Mary, suddenly clutch ing my arm, whispered, "his ghost! see, his ghostl " Sine enough there stood the Markey. I was wild at his breaking his word. I could see that Mel had the same feeling. We sprang forward, and seizing his arms, dragged him to the light of the doorway. He made no sound; his clothes were drenched, even his hair wet through ; his perfect silence, and a certain feebleness in his walk, filled us with fear. Mary, with trembling steps, advanced and touched his arm as if to prove him real. He put his hand on hers, then leaned against her shoulder, and on the front of her white dress we saw a sudden patch of crimson. 3Mel and I plucked up courage to help Mary. and before long the Markey came to himself. He apologised for having broken his word, but the gull had gone off unex pectedly, and the charge lodged in his shoulder. He had dragged himself from the island by long and painful struggles. Mary, on seeing he was not a ghost, found her lost courage, and aided by love and that clever Poppy, proved a splendid nurse. Even Mrs. Crabb, as Mel said, came out of her shell; for on his convalescence she received the Markey most kindly, and with humblest apologies still calls him "the honorable Philip." Mel. thanks to his cousin Poppy, continues to think highly of " sweetheart ing." I have most reason to complain, for, having nothing tangible to keep from that Christmas trip, have to rest satisfied with a memory of the Markey's ghost. 