OLD ENGLISH G^JSTO£K- ABB ,-.-. : l-OLK&ORE.; !By Ehw.] VIIL-DlVlNATIONSi une or tne moss -strongly, marKOff eos fciactions between insa. and the- lower crsation is seen in tlicsa considerations of- futurity whicn enter; into human calculations. The animal Yrulgorga Him, self to-day, tmaaindfisl of to- morrow's famine. To such the presant moment is* the limit o£ consoiousaess. They have no- to-morrow, and no view of f utura con tingencies to lesssa their enjoyment of the present. On the other hand the human soul is ever the subject of alternate hopes and fears,, as- it anti cipates the future. . It sees, the: liaes of its existence projected' in advance until they are lost in indistinctness — & maze ef possibilities which may either crown ita hoges- or- wor& its ruin. The present is. the womb, off tha future. Is it not possible, then, to read ourjfate before it comes* to Ihe birth.^ If we, un aided, cannot lilt the veil of ifufcanty there are spirit esistssces who can^. aiad if they will they can give ua the premonition of coming events. . TMsconclssio^. followed aa an easy deduction, from, ths 'belief that the world o% wood and. essttj Lnd water waa crowded with E-ators-spirir:, besides a multitude 3i-gli03ta- of: dspaitca persons who were always near ana in frequent intercourse with the living. Such beliefs afforded a snScient reason as.well as justi fication f os the practises of divination. They formsd a. direct appeal to tho super natural Spirit rapping, table dancing, and othes spiritualises phenomena are the modern analogues of these appeals to the spiritual osders for informa tion relating to the unseen and the future. Thera Via i ' no countiy* or age which does, not give us illustrations in some form, or another of such diviria tions. To the ansknts it^ was a regular sciencehand the asts of divination formed a leading feature in the duties of the. priesthood. Axinomancy, belomancy, capnomancy, cheiromancy, geomancy,' hydromancy, Hthomancy, and pyromancy are only, a few out of about sixty ' mancies' known to us, and which repre sented as many different departments in the practice of divination. Among {he old Grecian and Latin communities the consultation of oracles, taking, ' note of auguries, divining by the. entrails of the : nnimala sJain. in sacrifice, or watching the appearance of the alter fires, ? was a ; serious business, and 'ofien deter i mined the course 'pursued in re flation to momentous aSairs of the State. , Such practices first lost their hold upon the European governments in. their official capacities, the sphere for divina tion after the; establishment of Chris ! tianity % the Stafe . being -mainly : relegated to private lif ft and to -individual ' concerns. In this latter stage it has sur i vived in an ever- decreasing degree to the present generation. ^ Tie dark-skinned i gipsy stDl plies- her trade at English fairs and amongBt visitois to the seaside, and in my remembraace } there' was1 an' old- woman in a certain .town.' m Norfolk who. was commonly known to practise the, black art, and in consequenCewaa greatly feared by- ihe' juveniles of the: place. The reputed u witch' l was not unfee quently consulted by tie V quality/' of the neighbourhood,1 who, it was said, sometimes visited her humble cottage in ! their carriages. . In Scotland and:; the ; North of England .the 'mysteries of ithe art have' been in -the hands of the people generally -as -disiMi- guished from any specif endowed individuals As in other departments of folk-lore, we find in the popular rites of divination a curioua jumble of pagan and ; Christian customs, the more ancient of these formulas being a direct appeal to the traditional pagan' divinities or demons of our Northern ancestors. The pagan element is well marked in all such cases, where the operator is required to walk backwards whilst performing the mystic ceremonies, as this custom (known jb 'withershins,' referred to in a previous article) was the sign that the diviners appealed to the Bpirits of darkness. It is also instructive to notice that most of the ceremonies had to be performed at some particular time, as new moon, Christmas Eve, New Year's Eve, Midsummer Eve, Candlemas, and more particularly, on Hallowe'en, at which time the spirits were supposed to be particularly active. Such auguries aa come in the natural course of things, and quite involuntarily to the spectator, have been treated under the head of 'Omens.' In the present article we are dealing with such interpre tations of the future as may be gathered from, signs where ' human 'agency has supplied the initiative.. ! There are- how ever, one or two forms of augury worthy , of mention which seem to occupy. &? kind ? of borderland between these divisions.- It has been an old custom among wealthy families to plant a; tree on the day which has given a new member to the family' by _birth, and the superstition runs that there is a kind of 'sympathetic relation between the child and the tree which iB planted In in his name on hia natal day, the vigorous growth or decadence of the tree syn chronizing with tb.8 welfare or 'Otherwise of the child in after-life. 'Whilst staying in Derbyshire a few. years ago a soli tary tree growing oni'ttfl top of aoieak hill was pointed out to me, and its history given as follows: — Many years ago two brothers about to leave their native country for Australia, wishing to leave behind them something .to remind their friends of them when far away, each took a young tree and respectively planted them close together on this barren height. One tree still survives, but the other has perished, the local story giving aa an ex planation that one of the young men was unfortunate -and died at a premature age, and as he passed. away the tree he had planted on his native hills withered and died also. Whether intentional or not I cannot say, but a similar .sentiment finds expression in another form in the well-known ballad' of ft My' Grandfather's Clock;'-. ?? ?? _ '? ?? '?? ??-?--???:«' It was bought on the mom of the day that he was born, ? ; .- f~r.;i ????:::?; -? And was always his treasure and pride ; ? But it stopped short never to go again when the old man died, ?.,-?; .;; - Perhaps the simplest form of divination, and one that has .been often -. used, in re ligious ceremonies where other forms of a kindred nature would have been regarded as highly improper, fa that of divining by lot. This method has been recognised In every religion creed, from-thaPhceniciari' sailors, who threw Jonah overboard on the decision given by lot, to the appointment of an aposble aa recorded in the Acts.- -The lot- has also been resorted to in modem. times by the Moravian Brethren as ' a' means of reaching decisions on such im-. portant questions ss the appointment of ministers, the choice ' of wives, mis^ sionaries to the heathen, and on one occa sion the lot decided the point whether the, Brethren should maintain a separate Church exiatenca or unite with. tie' Lutherass. A closely related- custom*' is: practised in the North of England todecide' a doubtful point. When it is uncertain which way' ia tha better to' go;' 'the ' Whether way for a penny' ceremoByjs: performed by throwing up the. coin and noting which way it cornea down, of, ?a»af vaiktion of the custom, a stick is held with its lower end on the ground as nearly upright £3 the eye of the operator can determine, and then, noting the direc tion in which it falls, it ia ascertained in what direction to go to obtain the object desired. This is almost identical with the divination practised by the Polynesians when attempting to forecast the issues of an impending battle. Tiro ro t?3 of sticks are placed facing each other representing ihe opposiag armies, and it is observed which row, friends or enemies, is most shattered by the wind, the relative number of sticks overthrown and the direction in which they fall foreshadowing the fates of war in the coming struggle. JJl favomite method, of divination rJsjt the profeu&boal-; 'fortune-teller' waswby. 'palmistry,' or in .other words reading the future of a peraon from the particular grouping of the lines observed oa ^the palm of the band with' the' geometrical figures they make by intersectionyv&c..; Another method formerly muchia-Fogne was performed by opening one o£- the classical poets, generally Homer or 'Virgil,. and placing the finger on the open 4-aee, when the words thus pointed outi-£tb& finger vere-'conatraedin aprophetiiusenset It is rehted that Charles L, when much depressed on -account of the troubles, which threatenedto overthrow his rule, resorted to this method of reading»bis fal» by opening Virgil, when, the orade.-§orte» Yirgtliaeae) gave the following.- reply strangely applicable to the tragic end which soon after befell the*, ill-fated monarch t— ? s But vex'd with rebels acd a stubborn race,. E&B; cooatry bankh'd, and bin son's embrao^ '- Some foreign prince for fruitless«iccourstoy, And see his fnends inglorioualy die ; ^or- when he shall tofalthleaa tarns Bubcut, 3is throne enjoy, nor comfortable light, But, immature, a shameful deaibtreceive* And in the ground th' unbury'd. body leave. Instead of the. poets ''the: Bible, wikh came more^wi|un'v the breach oS the cosimon people,' was ' often' used in a' similar way;' ^Anbther^raethbd', was to'J suspend the -Bible, by a kayuplacad in the % centre of the book, and1 after .^'useot-' certain. words theanswer^wasreceived by the Bible inrning .in a 'glyen direotion, so' as to supply ,an affirmatwe(off negative: 'decision. ' i, ,.?'-'?''?'?. '- In the .decadence eti tibia 'art' the survivals have lingered moat persistently around the questions etdoxe and marriage. The young .ladies o£. to-day— the Lord forgive them — are fcffc alnxoat alone in 'maintaining a semWancs of the 'black ,art8' in attempts to-forecast their chances with regard to a settlement in life. A set oi ancient forms oft divination in relation to marriage of a» very, Bimple character land read by young, people from such .combination 06, numbers as can be ?found in the flower-heads of grasses, ithe buttons on- a dress, or the seeds in a fruit are of universal, prevalence. In Norfolk it rans «? Tinker,, tailor,. ploughboy, sailor, rict '?man, poor man, apothecary, thief.' . Thia' was, of course,, said by an expectant maiden, .who,, desiring also to foresee her wedding' trousseau^ continued the round with 'Silk, satin, cotton, rags.' The time was divined. with- 'This year, next year, some time, never.' . There was still-. the question as. to how she would be conveyed ito Church, and the oracle was again set in motion with 'Coach.- carriage,; wheel barrow, dungcarfc' ';'TiG ' '! U v^.: \ i : ' .'?? ? ' : Th» following group of formulas for discovering ..a lady's, true lave were gathered by the writer from the neigh bottuhood .of Haltwhistle, in West jNorjjiumberland. Eat an apjle with, one hand whilst doing the hair up with the iother, when the. young lady's prospective . jlover will be s^en * looking over her ijahoulderc in^ .the) glass. 'The* frequency with which the ' apple' tarns up in these i'old amatory divinations is-suggestive of the time when the Northmen, as r well as the Latins, recbgnised a Goddess- of Plenty |(Ppmona),v ;tp iwhpm.-«.Uiey' offered ; the fruits of the earth in propitiation. There seems also to be an idea of sacrifice under lying the following. Take a chicken's first egg (the* firsiUngs), break it into a 'cup of spring waisr, when it v will take the . ishape of the young woman's future hus Tjand, show his style of dress,* and also, the trade he will follow by the. implements rebognised in his hand. Or take a [marriage ring and suspend it with a ?thread of Bilk in a glass tumbler, when it ;will commence to oscillate so as to strike the sides of the glass, and will beat the number of years that will elapse before marriage. : Another method is to take nin6 pieces of paper, on three of; which the young woman writes the names of three likely young men, one name on each, jthree are marked with death, and three 'are left blank. TJach paper is folded care fully and put into 'the .lady's left slipper, land. placed by the side of the bed at night. JET the morning the' 'flipper ^ mast be shaken so that r all . ihe papers are thrown put but one, this_remaining'one indicating if it should,happen to be a blank that the young woman's prospects of marriage are nil', if it contains one of the persons named— the young man that will propose to her; or. one of the papers marked 'death' — an .early separation from her lover or husband by death. The ancient woiBhip of springs and streams 'seems .to be connected with the tollowing :— Get some water from a stream which jmns south, ; and. with it make -a |cake. 'Put the cake on the fire pear mid night, preserving a profound silence the while, and leaving the door ajar, when precisely at midnight the' prospecti? husband will'ente'rrby the 'open-door and turn the cake over. ' On Allhallows' Eve — that night of outing for all sprites and ghostB— set out & table of provisions with dishes for tw.c ~ At 12 at night the young woman sees her future husband occupying the vacant chair at the table 'with her. Another formula for Halloween requires, I should say, some little conjage jjg ^§ Operation. $9 get »-sJglt ol the lover and nnfftand that is to bo, let a young woman eat a red herring raw and entire from the head to the tail. She must then retire to bed without : speaking; first placing a glass of water T-ytne side of the bed. During the night her future husband will appear, and lift the glass to give the lady a drink. Li some way St. r Thomas and onions have been; associated in folk lore from time immemorial, and the fol lowing gathered from the same district as the preceding is1 a further Dlustration :— On, St. Thomas's Day. i young woman takes a red onion, and /puta it into the ring finger of the left-hand glove. , : She then at midnight' goes ^ out of the. house backwards until she reaches a corner of ihe house, aod repeats the words— I Now, St. Thomas, give me my right ; I Send me my true love tonight, This done, tWyoung woman return*, still walking backwardB, to the home and goes backwards to bed, placing the glove and onion under the pillow, the result being a visit by apparition of her future husband. Another method, ' related by Henderson/, is as. follows: — A young woman takes awillow branch -in her left Band, and Becretly Jeeves the' house, run ning three times xound it .whispering all the time, 'He that's' to- be my guid-man (jome and grip the end oUt.' Daring the last round the, image , of ,her future hus band wnlappear^and seize 'the' other end 7 of the: . stick. ' .At 'Halloween and other occasions when young people* gioup together it, is, a favourite pastime for- those t.who' are fortunate enough to have lovers totest theirsincerity by various forms of divination. One of the most popular oMheae Is by means of apple pips. A young woman pats a pip into the fire, at the same time' naming her lover. If In burning it makes a^reat splutter it is a favourable sign, and indicates gashing affections ; - but if it burns away quietly it .indicates that the absent- one has little ? love -for ' the experimenter. It is also a universal custom to pat-- a piece of bride's cake through the marriage- ring of the bride, and then place tha cake under the pillow at night to secure dreams of pros pective husbands. : The belief in Lincolnshire that the hard ekin which gathers on the knees ia a sign of riches is surely a piece of irony, as it is peculiarly the possession of poorandiiard working people, unless it indicates that wealth comes by hard work. , So also the white specks often seeir in the finger nails are counted up as so many gifts, coining to the person, or pjerhaps riches.* In the same county ihe hair is sometimes cat in locks' from the 'head land thrown into the .fire as a means, of divin-. ing how long the person is likely, to live ; if tiie hair burns brightly with a blaze there is lone life in store, bat should it simply smoulder away it foreshadows an early death; '. I also .h&rd; of: a^tte torn in the northern counties tised At tha death, of a member of the family to ascertain which of the family should die next. Tho straw or chaff of the bed on which the deceased had died- waa to be taken into the ' yard and burned--and in the Ashas would -e seen the print«fa foot. -That member oE the household whose foot corresponded most nearly to. the impression shown In v the ashes was the next doomed to die. The Manx people, who have, a similar custom, spread the ashaa on the floor of the house, andthen by masking whether the footprints are pointed inwards or outwards, divine whether a birth or death shall next occur in the family. . As in the case.- of good and btd- luck aod omens, the-explanation of most kinds of divination- can be reached by taking into account such association oi ideas 'which trana&naed; the ideal intotthe real. There is an important element*- however, in the folk-lore of Northern, Europe clearly traceable, to ' the ancient mytho logiesofthsJ^pxthmen. WhettCicrisiiattity fitst touchtd .Uie Germanic tribes the com mon peopj|p:were made by force nominal ^Christian* ^whilst remaining, pagan at jheart.1 At- Church they used Christian' forms j in.their, homes they feared, pro pitiated,, and, appealed to4heir ancestral, jdiviniti^anji demi-godfl^VThis appeal to* . [the nondShristian powers .was. .signified ia - .using thtieft in preference, to the right, ' adead^aiJence,- a. backward posture^ and; the uaijot TarioUsobjects which had sig nificaaca inth'§ older popular, .beliefo. , ?, 