AUSTRALIANS AT HOME. BY “ THE VAGABOND.” IN SCOTLAND. No. I. The representatives of Australia who were honoured by being the recipients of invita- tions to Glasgow and Edinburgh took Shef- field en route. Mr. J. W. Pye Smith, the Mayor, the Master Cutler and the Cutlers’ Company, the corporation, and the inhabi- tants of Sheffield made every preparation, and vied with each other to do us honour. York- shire in this respect will for ever remain in our minds as synonymous with hospitality. Here, as at Leeds and Bradford, the chief in- habitants opened their doors, and welcomed us to their hearths and homes. In this pleasing intercourse there has necessarily been an interchange of opinions. English gentlemen have found out that from the colonies there may come men of education and breeding. English ladies have found out that from Australia there may come ladies like unto themselves, with the same taste for tailor-made gowns, and the same passion for lawn tennis and afternoon tea. English matrons have discovered that the daughters of the great Southern land, if they have a little more freedom of speech and less hum- bug, are in fact very like their own chickens. This hearty hospitality given to us in York- shire, and also in Devonshire, has made up for a great deal of the stiffness and falseness of London society. At Newcastle, too, it may also be noted that people receive us at their own homes. The pilgrims had to make another early rise, to start from King’s Cross at 7.40 a.m. by the Great Northern Railway. Sheffield was reached soon after 11. Here the colonists were welcomed bv the Mayor and the Master Cutler, who were gorgeous in their insignia of office—the chief constable, the aldermen and town councillors, and, above all, the beadle. The Sheffield beadle is the most gorgeous of his type that I have ever seen. As Artemus Ward would put it, he alone was worth twice the price of admission. Whether he belongs to the parish, or the mayor, or the master cutler I know not, but we look upon this beadle as one of the most pleasing per- sonal adjuncts of the reception. Sheffield should be proud of him. We are further complimented in that Mr. C. E. Howard Vincent, M.P., accompanied us from King’s Cross. He was heartily received by some of his constituents, although others manifested their disapproval of his policy by groans. From the station to the hotel we were literally mobbed by the Yorkshire crowd, anxious to see if we were black or not. They seemed all to be very much disappointed that we were whiter than themselves. At the Victoria Hotel we were introduced to our hosts, and at noon had a good lunch before being started around the town to view the works and manufactories. Each visitor was provided with a handsome Russia leather badge, which bore the town arms and motto, and which we shall keep as mementoes of our visit. Various parties inspected the cutlery works of Messrs. Joseph Rogers and Sons, the silver-plate works of Dickson and Sons, Walker and Hall, and Hutton and Sons, Messrs. John Round and Son ; and the edge tool works of Messrs. Skelton and Co. and the Hardy Patent Pick Company. I think that the inspection of the Sheffield manufac- tories afforded more enjoyment than any- thing which we have yet seen in this line. The working of steel and of plated ware is much more interesting in itself than looms and woollen factories. Every colonist was presented with a handsome knife as a souvenir of his visit. Many, however, preferred driving into the country, having seen enough of factories in other parts of Yorkshire. Some of us drove to the Neumery Colliery, and went down 600ft, to say that they had been down in a coal mine. Mr. Howard Vincent accompanied them, and could tell a good many Australians of his 2,000 and odd feet experience in the mines of Bendigo and Ballarat. At each of the establishments visited there was an interchange of compliments, a shak- ing of hands, and mutual expressions of esteem. We returned to be taken home by our hosts, and to be fed and feasted by them until it was time to get back to the town for the reception and conversazione at night. The Cutlers’ hall has as fine a suite of rooms as any in the kingdom. They were all beauti- fully decorated, the flags of all the colonies being prominent, but the pride of place was given to an original verse evolved for the occasion by some Sheffield poet :— “ England and her colonies, For ever may they be, Tho’ distinct as the billows One as the sea !” I think Jennings Carmichael and Brunton Stephens would scarcely admit this to be poetry. But still, the intention was good, and as such we received it. There was an address of welcome, acknowledged by Sir Saul Samuel, the band played sweet music, there was talk and flirtation, which resolved itself at last into dancing, greatly to the joy of our young Australians. The masher of the party cast his upas glances round, and withered up the hearts of the Yorkshire maidens. He is such a destroying angel that we consider that the British Government will have to de- port him back to the South Seas before he depopulates the British Isles by breaking hearts. The dance went on to a late hour, for we were happy that we were not timed to depart until 1 o’clock next day. As a matter of fact, this visit to Sheffield was much too hurried. There was a great deal there which we missed, although some of us rose early next morning, and went to see the steel armour plate and ordnance works of Messrs. John Brown and Co., which are just as good as any to be found in the world, and the managing director of which, Mr. Stephen Burridge, was my appointed host. We also went to the works of Messrs. Thomas Firth and Sons and Vickers and Sons. But the ladies did not turn out much before the de- parture from Sheffield to York, from thence along the north-eastern route of Newcastle and Berwick to Edinburgh. Now, as we had been to Newcastle before, it seemed, in this respect, the arrangements were badly organised. Sheffield should have been included in the circle of previous visits to Yorkshire, which would have prevented us going over the same ground twice. Lunch was served on the cars, and we arrived at Edinburgh at 7.30, being over half an hour late. Here, at the Waverley station, the Lord Provost and the corporation received us. When I say “ us ” I mean Sir Saul Samuel and Sir George Bowen, absentee Governor of Hong Kong, who is honouring us with his presence, why and wherefore we know not ; and Australians, who have heard their ex-Governor speak so often, feel that they could exist without him. Sir Saul Samuel, I believe, would also be perfectly happy if Mr. Henniker Beaton were not here. I should be perfectly happy if Africa were not so well represented. Squashee is here in force, male and female, after the manner of his kind. At Edinburgh I, stand- ing among the crowd, am amused to hear a braw lassie say, “ Why, they’re no’ black !” I disguise my individuality as a colonist and, passing as an ordinary traveller, ask an in- telligent bystander who all these people are. Says he, “ They’re a party of Canadians come to visit Edinburgh.” I find that in Scotland generally the knowledge of places beyond the seas is very limited. After this encounter, the first man with whom I hold communion in Edinburgh is a beggar—a decent- looking man, too—but he tells me a piteous tale of being hard up, and of a wife and family wanting bread. It may or may not be true, but you may be sure it touches my Australian heart. Up to the present time it has been one of my fondly-cherished delusions that the Scotch race was supreme in matters of organisation. That idea has vanished for ever. In all our wanderings to and fro over Great Britain, in no place have the arrangements been so badly conceived and carried out as in Scot- land. We are bidden to Edinburgh as the guests of the Lord Provost and Corporation, and are supposed to be allotted to various hotels. Now, there does not seem to many of us any very great exercise of hospitality in the corporation voting a sum of money out of the rates and taxes to entertain themselves and their friends as well as a body of colonists. No private individual puts his hand in his pocket for one single sixpence to buy us a dram. In this respect there is a great difference to our reception in Dublin. The Lord Mayor of Ireland’s capital is a com- paratively poor man, but he entertained us at a magnificent ball and banquet at the Mansion-house. Every member of the Dublin Town Council and Reception Com- mittee vied with each other in looking after our individual comfort. They might be Home Rulers, Nationalists—Fenians even it has been hinted—but on their own soil they sus- tained the character of hospitality and warm- heartedness for which the Celtic race is re- nowned. At Edinburgh we are billeted out at various hotels, are ordered about hither and thither like a party of wild Indians being taken to Washington to see the sights. The head- quarters of the reception committee is at the Waterloo Hotel, and the insolence of the officials and servants there is very annoying to some of our Australian ladies. I am lucky in that I am located at the Claren- don, which is a small place, but high-toned, where I am very civilly waited upon. This is where all the noblesse of Scotland hang out when they visit Auld Reekie, and I find the place full of lords and ladies and baronets, and other small fry of the aristocracy. There is no bedroom for me, but I sleep at night in a most gorgeous apartment, with the most magnificent surroundings, for they put up a bed for me in the centre of the large drawing- room. I like to see pictures and statuary, and articles de luxe et de vertu, all round me, and I feel something like a Rothschild or a Westminster, or a Mackay. I do not think any Australian millionaire ever evolved such a dormitory. I am lucky. But it is really a disgrace to Scotch organisation that many of our party—for instance, Mr. Daly, of Melbourne, and his family—at midnight had not got rooms, and did not know where they would rest. On our arrival we had a square meal in the grand ball of the Waterloo Hotel, certainly one of the most beautifully decorated dining saloons in the world. I know of few places to beat it. But, for myself, I can do with less frescoes and better attention when I am feeding. Then drags were in readiness to take us to the Exhibition, through which we were to be personally conducted by the com- mittee. Half a dozen of as were run into a reception room, I having charge of a St. Kilda lady whom we all greatly admire and respect, and the chairman fixed us with his glittering eye, and received us to what the Scotch call the International Exhibition. Major Walker, of New South Wales, now had a chance of saying a few words, and availed himself of it. Then we were marched through long lines of spectators to view the Exhibi- tion. We had a right hearty reception—the buildings at every part were thronged, but the utmost order was kept, just space enough for couples to walk in. Cheer after cheer, and individual expressions of welcome, “ God bless ye,” ” Will ye na come back again,” “ Welcome to you,” and others quietly rais- ing their hats as we pass. I never knew till now what a bore it must be to be a prince, and have to respond to the salutations of the populace by continually taking off one’s hat. From what we see of the Edinburgh Exhibition, we are prepared to speak for its being one of the very best in the world. I am not sure that it is not more interesting than that at South Kensington. As regards the art galleries, the doors of which have been locked, and in which we have space enough to view the surroundings, I am certain that the collection of pictures here is as good as any we are likely to see in the whole world ; and, financially , this under- taking will be much more successful than that at South Kensington, which it has run closely in the number of visitors, and as it is worked by private committees without such a number of paid officials as there is at the Colonial and Indian Exhibition, the result, in the end, will be far more satisfactory. The portion of the Exhibition representing the streets of Old Edinburgh, with the old booths and signs and “ chapman-billies,” is in itself a show quite equal to anything in South Kensington. Up in the morning early, we were all bidden to breakfast together at the Waterloo Hotel. I preferred to take mine quietly in the Clarendon, and to pay for it. Then we were drafted off into mobs, to see the sights of the town. We had been joined by many of the colonists just come over from Ireland, the Sydney contingent strongly represented. We we pleased to see Mr. Bennett again amongst us. I am put into a drag with visitors from beyond the seas whom I know not of, and, escorted by Bailie Russell, we are taken to Holyrood and through the old town to the Castle. There is no doubt that Edinburgh is, I will not say the most beau- tiful city of the world, but very near to it. Edinburgh and Oxford are the only places which I have revisited in which I have not been disappointed. Prince’s-street here is, I think, the grandest thoroughfare in the world. The magnificent buildings on one side, the gardens, and the castle crowning the heights of the old town, with the Calton- hill in the distance, capped by Nelson’s monument, form altogether a coup d’œil the like of which one will not see elsewhere. Prince’s-street possesses monuments which especially attract those who believe in paying respect to the great victors of peace. It is true that we have here an equestrian statue of the Duke of Wellington, which some Aus- tralians admire until I tell them that it is as nought beside the great statue of George Washington in the Capitol grounds at Rich- mond. But there are greater than the con- queror of Waterloo here. The Sir Walter Scott memorial is known all over the world, but beside the tribute to the Wizard of the North we have statues to Black, Wilson, Allan Ramsay, David Livingstone, and Sir James Simpson, the celebrated surgeon. In the latter one sees a strong resemblance to a gentleman still living, and who is noted in the medical profession. Intellect is honoured in another magnificent thoroughfare, George- street, in a statue to Dr. Chalmers. The Burns Monument is on the Regent-road. The effigy of the Ayrshire ploughman is seated under a cupola, a copy of Lysicrates’ at Athens. As his mother said her son asked for bread in his life, and in his death they gave him a stone. But that they honoured Burns so much as they also honoured the great ones of literature and science is counted unto the Scottish people for righteousness. No other nation in the world has done itself so much credit in this respect. I admire and love the Scottish race on this account, if not on others. Our guide, Bailie Russell, is a gentleman of an iconoclastic turn of mind. He is, however, one, above all, who knows what not to show us. Holyrood is reported to be of great historical interest. There is no doubt that it is so, but in itself it is not so pic- turesque as Warwick Castle or Belvoir Castle, or many other mansions of England. There is a picture gallery which contains 100 yards of painting, portraits of the kings of Scot- land, all of which, as Bailie Russell tells us, were done by one hand. Lord Darnley’s rooms and Queen Mary’s apartments are very interesting from their associations. The supper room in which Rizzio was surprised with the Queen is, in fact, only a small closet adjacent to the bedroom. When one sees the locale one begins to realise that Darnley had grounds for his suspicion of his wife’s fidelity, and that Moreton, Lindsay, and the Ruthvens only executed a sort of Jeddart justice. The dark stains pointed out on the stairs, which are said to be the blood of the Queen’s favourite, do not arouse much emotion in our minds. Her Majesty Queen Victoria sometimes occupies apartments at Holyrood, but this is a new quarter of the palace, fitted with every modern convenience, and to which ordinary visitors are not ad- mitted. We drive from the ancient palace up the Canongate, a thoroughfare as different from Prince’s-street as it is possible to con- ceive. The houses, many stories high, are like those which are seen in parts of Europe, but not in England or Ireland. The number of families living in one of these tenements is surprising. Evidences of the large popula- tion are to be seen in the washing hanging out to dry from every window. Soiled sarks fluttering in the breeze are not exactly pic- turesque, but the attempt at cleanliness is commendable. We visited the University, the Museum ot Science and Art, the old Par- liament-house, and St. Giles’s Cathedral, viewing tbe spot where John Knox preached and Jennie Geddies threw the cutty stool at the preacher. Murray, Hamilton, and the great Marquis of Montrose were all buried in St. Giles’s. In St Giles’s, too, there is a beautiful stained glass window, showing John Knox preaching and the assassination of the Regent Murray. There are modern monuments, tablets in bronze, to the memory of the Highlanders who fell in the Soudan. The dozen or so who were killed in action, or died of their wounds or fever, are all per- petuated—privates as well as officers. This shows the spirit of the time. “ All souls” are now honoured, as well as “ all saints and martyrs.” The private soldier is not lumped together, as of old in a Roman triumph, with “ the unknown dead.” From the Cathedral we go to the Castle through streets where the ghosts of history haunt us with the memories of Cavaliers and Covenanters, and bad kings and bold re- formers. Edinburgh Castle was one of the strongest fortresses in the world. From its battlements a view is obtained that is unsur- passed elsewhere in Great Britain. I must say that it is much more interesting than Holyrood. The chapel of Queen Margaret, the Saxon wife of Malcolm, who died 800 years ago ; Mons Meg, the oldest piece of artillery in the world ; the regalia room, where one sees the crown of Robert Bruce and the Royal Jewels which the people of Scotland, as our guide tells as, would not allow to be taken out of the country when the Stuarts ascended the English throne ; and Queen Mary’s room, where James I. of England was born, are all highly interesting to the stranger. Our guide, a disabled soldier, who wears the Victoria Cross, fur- nishes us with a piece of information which is entirely new to me, and has not yet found its place in history. But a very short time ago they were repairing the wall near Mary Stuart’s room, and they came upon a small box used as a coffin, which contained the bones of an infant wrapped in a shroud, on which were the Royal arms and the letter “ J.” The general in command of the castle ordered that the body should be returned to its place and bricked up. An offence against the laws appears to have been thus committed, and I imagine that the nearest coroner should have been advised, and inquest held over the baby. Whose was it ? How did it die ? Why came it there ? One of those mysteries which will never be solved till the grave gives up its dead ! There are more recent historical souvenirs in Edinburgh Castle, in the dungeons in which numbers of French prisoners were confined during the great wars at the commencement of this century. French names are scratched on the stones, and the place is shown where some undermined the foundations and descended the steep rocks in an attempt to escape. The spot is also shown where the other day a soldier of a Highland regiment, confined in the guard- room, managed to make his way down the wall and through a narrow em- brasure on the rampart, dropping down the cliff, and so to the Grass Market. He got away to America, and wrote and gave his colonel particulars as to how he escaped. When we look at this spot we recognise that under different conditions this man would have been the leader of a forlorn hope. Major ——, who accompanies us, regrets that such a fine fellow is lost to the service. But Edinburgh Castle has yet mysteries to be solved. There are passages and cellars in it, bricked up and unused, in which interest- ing discoveries might be made. At present the Seaforth Highlanders are in garrison here, and the officers in their parti-coloured trews have a rather comic-singer appearance, which detracts from their military bearing. A number of these soldiers are being drilled on the ramparts, and I notice that they are all very young, and that their physique generally is not what it was in olden days. Besides Mons Meg, the Castle is now defended by some eighteen-pounders. But they dare not fire off a large charge of gunpowder, for fear the old place would tumble down. Before the days of gunpowder, this castle was impregnable. Now it is of no account except as a barracks. After lunch, the pilgrims are invited either to Hawthornden or Rosslyn Castle, or to inspect the Forth-bridge works, or to pay a visit to the Earl and Countess of Rosebery at Dalmeny-park, it having been announced that his Lordship and the Countess will be at home to us from 3 to 6. It is not by my own will that I go to Dalmeny, but I am not only bidden thither by a Queensland lady (and I can never resist Queenslanders). but by two American ladies connected by marriage with Victoria, whose behests I am bound to obey. We cross the Water of Leith, which revives memories of the other Dunedin in Maoriland, along to Cramond Brig—as beauti- ful a village as one will find in the world. A charming drive this, but disfigured by one blot — the number of beggar children who run after our vehicle, with their incessant cry of “ Drap a penny ! drap a penny !” I de- scribed Dublin as being, to a great extent, made up of beggary and bigotry. On my word, I am inclined to think that Edinburgh is as bad. If it has produced great men, if noble-minded citizens like George Heriot erected hospitals for the reception of the poor, if the present general hospital is one of the triumphs of the liberality of the citizens, still, in the past, in the monuments to “ the martyrs,” one sees the odium theologicum reigned here as bitterly as in any part of the world. There are evidences that it has not vanished, and the barefooted children in the streets, in following us along the road crying out for coppers, show the poverty of the people. Whether the English and American tourist throwing money about indiscrimi- nately has caused the Scottish children, who should know better, to became mendicants, just in the same way as the “ have-a-dive” business has been started at Aden and Colombo, I do not know, but the roads are thronged with little beggars. Dalmeny- park is magnificently wooded. The house itself is an old one, with no particular claims to architectural beauty. It stands on a rise, overlooking the picturesque Firth of Forth. Close on the shore there is a newer house, with a stone terrace and balustrades in the Italian style. I imagine that this is prin- cipally occupied. In this latter there is a good library, in which the present head of the Primroses cultivates his mind with the contemplation of a statue of Carlyle. The little Primroses greatly raise the admiration of the ladies of our party. Really, they are the prettiest children we have seen in Great Britain. My Lord Rosebery, more than ever, in his facial expression, reminds us of what George Coppin was in his youth ; and I cannot help thinking that, like the late lessee of the Theatre Royal, he possesses many qualities which go to make a consum- mate actor. From the park we drove to South Queen’s Ferry, passing the old village of Dalmeny, where there is a beautiful old Norman church more than 700 years old. Here I find associa- tions of Melbourne, for in this parish of Dalmeny one sees the gravestones of the ancestors for many generations of Mr. W. H. Glen, of Collins-street. Queen's Ferry was so called after Margaret, wife of Malcolm, who always crossed the Forth here on her journeys from Dumfermline Tower to Edinburgh. But Queen’s Ferry will be known in the present day as the site of the great Forth-bridge, one of the most magnificent pieces of engineering in the world, about one and three-quarter miles long, extending in two spans from Fifeshire to Midlothian, the central support being on the little island rock of Inchgarvey. This will cost some millions before it is finished, and it affords employment to some thousands of workpeople. It will save many miles detour by Linlithgow and Falkirk in the journey to the North. All the railways, both English and Scotch, which connect together in Edinburgh, have joined in paying the cost of this bridge. The visitor to Queen’s Ferry should not leave, if possible, without seeing Hopetoun-house, the seat of the Earls of Hopetoun, one of the grandest places in the kingdom. From its elevated grounds it overlooks the Forth, and the whole stretch of country from Stirling with views of the Highlands, Ben Lomond, and Ben Ledi. Not far from here, also, is Dundas Castle and Kirklistone. But if I commence enumerating the places of historic interest or those with picturesque vantage- grounds on the Firth of Forth, I shall not have any time to chronicle the banquet tendered to us by the Lord Provost of Edinburgh in the hall at the Waterloo Hotel at night. We acknowledge fully the kind greeting which is shown to us by every one in Edin- burgh. Here they are accustomed to popular demonstrations. Her Majesty the Queen often visits Scotia’s capital. Its inhabitants are brought up, as it were, to took upon visitors as shows. We are cheered heartily, and I hope the inhabitants derive some amusement from inspecting us. It would be very ungracious, indeed, to cavil at any of the acts of our entertainers. It would be very ungracious to, as it were, look a gift horse in the mouth. But as I have pointed out before, the Lord Provost, one of Gladstone’s new baronets, and the Baillies, do not them- selves spend one baubee in our entertain- pent. The everyday people in the street, indirectly through the city rates, are our hosts as much as the Provost and Corpora- tion. 