~ ?'?:? -.irJ Poetry. SEQUEL TO POE'S RAYEN. Still within that dreary dwelling, where his future fate was kneeling While the lamp's last feeble flicker faded from the painted floor. Sat the drej'iicr, heavv-hearted for the radiant one departed. And the shadows danced and darted on the bird above the door, Shrouding him in sable darkness, that grim bird above the door. As he echoed — Never more ! Then the darkness both embracing, mournful memories tetracing ? In deep silence, that was anguish to the heart so sad and sore, Until broken by the wailing of the stormy winds prevailing And the tempest's loud assailing at the lattice as before, Shrieking, sobbing, wailing voices at the lattice as before, Wailing ever -^Never more ! But the tempest wildly raging, all the elements engaging In mad conflict (scarce assuaging, stunning yet Jhe grief he bore), By a lightning flash was broken, of swift thunderlxilt the token. Which, by kindly (ate bespoken, stretched him lifeless on the floor. Silent ever, with the raven gazing at him on the floor. Croaking, dirge-like — Never more ! Then the storm-winds whirling faster, shriek ing, seeking fresh disaster, Through the open lattice rushing, seized the bust above the door, Eearing down that black-plumed raven, cowed and crushed as any craven. To an everlasting haven 'neath the bust upon the floor, 'STeath the pallid bust of Pallas lying crushed upon the floor, Croaking — dirges— never more ? Such my mood till daylight, streaming, placed a limit to my dreaming, And the ghosts of fevered fancy flitted from my brain once more ; It v as yet a bitter waking, for my head was madly aching, And I cursed myself for taking that last grog the night before. When I knew that mixing liquors had such dire effect of yore, That same mixture, nothing more ? Well I knew my aching burden was my folly's well-earned guerdon. And which needs must follow conduct that cool wisdom would deplore, But I'd foolishly been straining for a prize not worth the gaining, For a maid in beauty reigning, whom I'd fondly name'd Lenore. And because she'd badly jilted me, my spirits to restore, I had drunk a little more. Still the origin perplexed me of that raven which had vexed me, And still in my dreams persisted in monot onous 'encore.1 Till a figure, scarcely mystic, stuffed and dressed with skill artistic, Glared with eyes quite realistic from above my chamber door, And I recognised the nightmare which my troubled vision bore — My stuffed jackdaw, nothing more ! When I told my strange wierd story to an old retainer hoary, As that most attentive minion came taptap ing at the door ; 'It's no use the truth a blinking, sorr,' he said, ' ye've been a drinking, And ye feel a trifle sinking, sorr, this morn ing, I'll be swore.' Then he brought to soothe my throbbing, what he'd often brought before — Just one B. and S. — no more ! — Nomaid, in Truth. 