J . THE. " ARJIW" trtE " flea tiárpsf* have been having a good ? t)me of it lately, oulrnjnating with the tea* Ûght oaSt. Patrick's DeyJ ' The 28th uitimo Ía« tits anniversary of their attack upon mdsor, niit ilie fact escaped Captain - Richards' memory until the afternoon service ..rori' Mi said; itóár ^ti'-fcaVeliaa' énmtè&a;$ special i Since Captain Meale took Windsor hy storm! on the 28th" February last year* tbare bare been many chaoges-*-by death and removals, yet the Corps . bolds .its own very well ; nutty of tl».old. faces appear on ] , the platform tbat we saw od th<s first Satur- ",. n>y night meeting at the Oddfellows' Hall, and"they seem quite as..sintiereand earnest ": to day ai they were then'.' The fact of having. J .a' good band, no doubtj has much jib do with :;v this success-for their music is the theme of general admiration, and reflects credit both ujion the members and their instructor. Since .. Captain Meale left, an, outpost has been ' opened at Wilberforce-and still mpre re-.'' cently, another at Richmond, where they have ' held very large meetings, and Riverstone,' we " believe, will sooji be included, ' As the Captain said the other Sunday, "he did not know whether they wanted the Salvation Army out that way--though from all he could . .hear,', .they ' wanted salvation-no ' matter how they got' '"it.*" 'As' ¡Captain" Richards.touched slightly upon the Work tba' ' "'Army" had been doing up to the'presen t ' time, we place before our readers a few facts ' concerning this wonderful organization-for wonderful it really is, when we consider how rapidly, they .seem, to have over-run the earth, their enthusiasm, their general want of culture, the magnitude of their opérations, .'. and the class of persons Who comprise the1 main body bf the Array. Thus, a London newspaper informs us that ' ' The report of the ' Salvation Army in England for the year end- - ing September SOth last, whioh will shortly be issued,'states' that, so 'far from the Army ' having been injured this year owing to the' prejudice created against it by the Armstrong ' case, it was, at least, a third stronger than'' when the year began. Its receipts were' £1500 in excess of those of l8S4j notwith standing that in this year £9300 was raised by way of special relief. The total income from all sources, apart from trade 'receipts, was £76,168 17s 4£d» which included' £30,849 19s 8d towards the building-fund, £13,523 12s ?Jd for the genera! spiritual fund, £11,973 2B 8d for the training homes, £3958 13s Siofor the rescue homes, £9634 7s 2 Jd for the corps debt extinction fund, bad £2607 13s ld for the loreign service fund. The balance in hand was £169 5> If d. The trading account in connection with" the central trade headquarters, showed £Ú,7jrÍ 13s 6d received from the sale of books5, &c;, and printing, £24,137 10s 9d from tfiè'salê of the official journals of the organisation^ £19,63610s 7d from the sales effected in the outfit department, and £6397 ls 2d from the sale of tea. The net profit of these- transac tions was £3608 IU Sd. The total number of corps in the United Kingdom was 802» against 637 in 1884 ¿ and abroad 529, against 273, The -offioers, exclusive of employees engaged ia the trade departments, numbered 1780 at home and 1296 abroaS. Corps were established and prospering, dei pite all tho obstacles and- difficulties- again« which they' had to -contend, in'-Franc« Switzerland, Sweden, the United Stktsi Canada, ' India, Ceylon, Victoria, Soul Australia, New South Wales, . Tasmanit Queensland, New Zealand, and South Afrioi The services held weekly in connection wkj the Anny. are said to be 25,496. Specia efforts ere being made in Great Britain, fa the purpose bf "'Saving the new .voters.". TV this end four specially . constructed-vans,- ii charge of cadets from the training thornes, ari travelling through the rural districts^- «ire cadets holding open-air and indoor enfriaat on their route. The literature disséminâtes hy the Army tu the past year consisted ol 23,470,860 publications, issued in 18 differ ent languages. New rescue homes 'for the resoue of fallen women have been opened, in London, Glasgow, Plymouth, Reading,-and in the Australian colonies, the Government of Victoria voting the Salvationist there £1000 towards furnishings new home. The Government, too, permit them to visit prison ers iu the gaols. A prison-gate brigade has been formed ia the metropolis, «nd the rescue work among fallen females, somewhat im peded by tbe circu-nstances relating to the recent trial, is to be vigorously prosecuted- in the future. Within the _year24 new build ings were purchased or hired for barracks in Great Britain, costing £24,000, and'ac. ' comodating 25,465 persons altogether, bc I sides many other . buildings. The report claims that the Army largely originated and carried on the agitation which resulted in the I passing of the Criminal Law Amendment 1 Bill. The costs incurred in defending- Mr. Bramwell Booth in the Armstrong case were defrayed by a special fund." . - Some of the above figures are startling especially those in connection with their publications--which, it occurs to us, putB in the shade the operations of both the British and Foreign Bible Society end the Religious Tract Society- in point of numbers. Since the above was written; the Army's balance-sheet has been published, and par ticulars supplied by their own paper," the *? War Ory," which tells us that last Christ mas they held 17,470 services per week, or 1,302,792 per year-being An increase per week over last year, of 8026 servicer,: or 417,352 per annum. Then we ue told that the number of persons «ho have beeu led to the penitent form, in England and abroad, number 270,708. Tbey have. Corps estab lished in England to the number of 84, Scotland 10, Wales 10, Channel Islands 2. France 18 (including outposts) ; Switzerland 20 (including outposts) ; Canada, '69 ; United States, 91 ; Cape Colony, 4 ; Natal, 2 ; India-Ceylon, 2 ; Sweden, 8 ; Austral asia (not including outposts) 47. Now, it cannot be denied that this is a wonderful record; and no sane man can believe "that all this energy-aggressiveness, if you wjll -has been expended to no purpose; that, in fact, the good done has not more than counterbalanced any bad results ? We think not ; and although we cannot go witn these people in all they do, and believe they do some mischief, still, we cannot shut our eyes to tbe fact that they have been doing what rf/ the charchas fniitd to do. We may find fault with their methods, but the f ,»?:$ are undispuiable. The tea-meeting, on Wednesday week, was made an occasion for presenting the colours. The leader was the loud-voiced, earnest, A.D.C. Haw'uins-vho, we noiiced, bas taken unto himself en English lass fors . wife einoe he was here a few months ago, Both be and hi« wife ate ver» earnest officer«, and both spoke very effectively on Wednes day night. It wat explained that Majoi Pollard ssas i IL and had gone to Melbourne for a change, instead of to Tasmania, Adjutant Hodges and his wife vere also present, and hath addressed the meeting Mr. Hodges very effectively. He told the audience something about the work of the " Army" in Melbourne-tbe Rescue Work for Fallen Women and the Prison Gate Work for tbe reclamation of discharged prisoners. 700 girls had been retened by tb ese meant and over 2000 prisoners bad been met at the prison gates. These men were cered for, and sent out into tbe street* to sell " War Cry«"-which enabled them to earn their own living, and alto kept them out ol the clutches of the police-who «ere evai on the alert to trip these poor fellows ap foi cbe mott trifling offence. Mr. Hodge'i speech was liateaed to with interest. Then the " Hallelujah Engine-driver" bsd» pitoh ; be vat a comfortable looking young chap, and bore testimony that he could do hil twenty boura out of twenty-four on tbe engine at a ttretcb-which, We suppose, bc wished us to believe no one but a Salvation soldier could do. Then his wife spoke, fol lowed by two other Penrith soldiers, and finally, their Captain-Cummings by name a reformed gambler. There was nothing remarkable about Hr. Cumming«-neither in the breadth of his views, nor bi« oratory. Mn. Martin- formerly of Wind, sor, but who now appeared in full salvation rig, as becomes the wife ol the Captain of the Liverpool corps, alto had a little to say. Daring the collection the . band played very nicely " There it joy in heaven with the angels" and during the per. formnnce we had time to look about, note the great crowd of people, the decoration« and the mottoes. We noticed that the platform wa« crowded and that the body of the hall was packed. At the tea-meeting tosas 200 persons had «at down to a good tea and everything had passed off well. During the evening, we are sorry to say that Staff Cap» tain Hawkins had occasion to complain of rowdyism at the door-and for s time ruc tions seemed imminent. Besides, there was tbe further annoyance of several large stone« or brickbats being thrown on the roof-which it is almost imponible to prevent, teeing that there it no feuee in front of the adjacent allotment to keep people back, and a stack of bricks handy for missiles. After the col lection, tbe Aide.Camp spoke of what had been done in Sydney in the mattel of the " Rescue Homes" for fallen women, which had not been conducted on so large a scale a« Melbourne, or to targe at they wished. Still, some SO women had been cared for, and by and bye the prison.gate work would fol low. Then came the oeremony of the even ing-presenting the colours- which was per formed by the A. D.O., who explained the meaning of the colours, while Captain Eich» ards and Lieut. Penny both gripped the staff. The blue border wa* the emblem of purity, the red ground of the blood of Jesus, Jrhile the oestre y»llo» was the emblem, ofllre-pf the spirit of tbe Holy Ghost-and he presented the flag in the name of the General, the Marshall, «nd tbe Major. Both Captain Richards «nd Lieutenant Perry responded in suitable terms, and the meeting wat concluded with prayerby th« Staff Captain. It it to be regretted that any unpleatant. nett occured, for the people of Windier are * law-abiding people generally, and have given the Army great support. We have noticed that the trouble invariably occurs when tome of tue Sydney officials are here and tbut it would appear to them that we are really a bad " unsaved" lot. Anyway, the the promise made by the A.D.C. that he'd prosecute any person Who he found disturbing tbe meeting, had a good effect. At he said, they were a licensed body ; had a place of worship of their own, and would not be dis turbed with impunity. Tbote who sought to annoy them would not dare to disturb any other church congregation, «od had no right to disturb them. We quite agree with Mr; Hawkin« ; the would-be smart young men, who, in their Saltiness, disturb the Salvation Army meet ings, would think seriously before they'd try the same game at any other place of worship, and tbe best and surest remedy we know of, would be tn exhibition of a little muscular Christianity on the part of come stalwart soldier. 