FAVOURITES. Br " Vigilant." It certainly doesn't seem twelve months since I chronicled the arrival of Newstead, who then ruled first favourite for last year's Derby, which several months before the race I said he hadn't a hundred to one chance of winning. Those who engineered the colt, however, persisted in keeping him in the race until the 7th of October, when the pen went through his name,' as a result of our repeated exhortations that he should be scratched. The following protest of mine appeared in the Sfobtshan at the back end of last September, and the first week of the following month out went Newstead : — " As long as Newetead's name remains amongst the list of Derby candidates, so long will his supporters hope against hope that he will win. I fancy the end is not for off now; his owner is here, and will, I should imagine, either cratch' or back the colt If he has a ghost of a show of winning the Derby the odds now on offer against him are most tempting. If his chance is hopeless he should be scratched at once, or some very harshtiiings will be said. South Australian backers will, of course, be the heaviest losers by his withdrawal, though a good deal of "Victorian money fans gone on the Maribyrnong Plate winner, both etraight out and in doubles. Our de nunciations of the colt's Derby prospect bare, of course, saved much money bring lost on him of late, and hi present position in"the market is, amongst other things, another illustration of the fori that it is money that makes the market, and when that money is not forthcoming for a horse, while tons of sngar are forth coming against him, depend upon it, there is a screw loose somewhere, and backers are scarcely acting wisely in attempting to tighten it with their spare cash." It ia hardly necessary to republish here what I wrote concerning the -colt when we first wiped him out, at a time when he was being backed in all directions, and was a firm first favourite ; suffice it to say that on his arrival at Flemington from <:— -tV »,x;- " if , t - a. . . L-,.i3 Derby farounicM, was r-r. i I f'-inped ;,y tours and. 'ulvii t'-.l by the j or.«-u.,. i j ;r ..r , -i;.- : > ' o; he kuowLi — j iiiousaucla pru'Diy, h-i still ran ay i I tbc-usat-ds ics thsn would have tw-eu - ! lost if '.he imerposiitcnof the Srontsv, v J ri'.'d ht i - '.e.'D effertusily l-arred. ' , T";.,. ... ""./ VYfi'i ! % 5-v ' - - " «Ti iLr.'-rtfiMiV elastic tnav, oau.uifg uw accident, lie might have been dead to-day and resur rected to-morrow, as best suited the book of some of his " supporters." Anyhow, he didn't win, and one of these days, when the wire pullers of last spring are as stiff as the horse, we may publish the particulars of some little arrangements which formed the bama of my articles, asserting that he wonld not win the Derby. Trident s present position in the market for this year's Blue Riband is quite another matter. On recent form, as I have pointed out, then is only one hone in the Derby, and hie name is Trident. He has arrived at Flemington, and, of course, being Derby favourite, the "cognoscenti" vote him faultless in oondition and perfect in appearance. . Ae a matter of fact, Trident is anything bat a handsome colt Of a somewhat dull chesnut hue, he lacks fin', dash and peacocky style of his brother, Navigator, but he more than makes up for his 'deficiencies in these directions by his marvellous show of muscle. He looks every inch a racehorse, bnt he has always impressed me as being a worker, not a show horse. His arrival and phenomenal favouritism remind one of tbe downfall of tbe Derby favourites of tbe past decade. 1876 saw the downfall of a very warm favourite in Newminater, who left the paddock at 6 to A on. The son of The Marquis, in a field of nine, could get no nearer than fifth to Briseia, who was a 5 to I chance, and ran away with the race. A red hot favourite in Hit Lordship, who was also by The Marquis, came to grief in 1878. The colt started at 5 to 1 on, but Wellington, the brown son of old Panic, won easily by four lengths, the favourite being able to struggle no nearer than third. .In Suwarrow's year — 1879 — Caspian was backed down to 2 to 1 on, S's and 6's being obtainable About Mr. Howie's colt, who won by nearly two lengths, the favourite being sixth. When Darebin won the Derby in 1881 Somnbs was the favourite: Who does not remember the pot that Martini-Henry upset in Archie in 1683 ? Money was freely laid at S to 4 em the son of Rapidity, while the New Zealand- bred colt was almost neglected at 6 to 1, yet the favourite did not even get placed. Martini. Henry winning with the greatest ease. The victory of the outsider Rufns, who left the paddock at hundreds to five offered, is so recent that I need do no more than refer to it. Last year Norden- feldt, who started favourite, just got home a head in front of First CheBter, and the minds of racing men are now agitated as to whether Trident (who — all going well — will probably leav the paddock with longer odds on him ttStn any previous Derby candidate ever carried) will fall as Bargo did in '84, or romp home like Martini-Henry the year before. Extra precautions I am told have been taken to preserve tbe crack from harm. It has even reached my ears that Fenn'elly has had his box " boiler plated," and that an armed watch will be kept to prevent any possibility of Navigator's brother being nobbled. It is, happily, a long while since any authenticated instance 'of bodily interference with a horse in a big race has taken place, save, of conree, the periodical Johnny Arm strong business for which seme of our racecourses are notorious; and, despite the sinister rumours which have been afloat lately, I scarcely think that in these days any organised attempt is likely to be made on the life of Trident. Still, of course, there it nothing lost by bring prepared. " Forewarned — fore _ armed." The ways of the hoensser are ax mysterious as they are desperate, and desperate maladies require desperate cores. Fifteen — ay, ten years back, at home, I remember some of tbe old- time trainers used to lock np their water- troughs, and only unfasten them twice a day. Even then poison was injected by means of syringes into the water of a Derby favourite, who narrowly escaped the destruction mapped out for him. " There is nothing certain but death," and Trident may possibly afford us another exemplification of the truth of the proverb. Still, with a ran and fair odda are »U!-.- fc. ' - - hi::: I povt I 