THE NEW HOUSE OF COMMONS. The first thing that strikes one about the 'new House of Commons (remarks a contributor to the St. James' Budget) is that it is startlingly new in many respects. xwugmy Bpea&iiig;, uuc-iiau ui iw u»-'- bers are quite new ; it is guided, for the present, at all events, by a nearly new Administration, and presided over by an almost new Speaker. Even the Sergeant at-Arms is new, so are his two lieutenants ; and part of the fabric of the House, thanks to the dynamiters, is new also. Judged from the very limited experience we have so far had of them, the very manners of the House are new, and some of them are sufficiently novel to be a little surprising. It is, for instance, a new way of expressing approval in the course of a debate for members to clap their hands violently, as though they were in the pit of a theatre. The effect seems painful to old members, used to a different metnod, ior some oi tneui suuuuci- per ceptibly, and look scandalised. It is true that the clapping of hands has never been wholly banished from Parliament. At least once in every session some mis guided being in the strangers' galleiy, in the keen enjoyment of some pungent bit of rhetoric, has been betrayed into this form of exhibiting his satisfaction. But the consequences have invariably proved disastrous, and the offender, too late con vinced of the enormity of his sin, has always been promptly removed into the outer world. Until, however, the new Parliament commenced its labors, a clap ping of hands was never heard from the floor of the House, and applause there was strictly confined to the monotonous and not particularly intelligible 'hear, hear.' A new feature in the House is the curiouslv-disciolined state of the Irish Nationalist party, and in no way is this more shown than by the mechanical precision of their cheers. Every one of the 86 followers of Mr Parnell is cheered through his speech by his 85 colleagues. And they do it not only with a will, but as though they had been regularly drilled and followed some preconcerted signal. The result is striking. Eighty-five throats, most of them youthful, and cheering in unison, produce a much more effective result than the whole House cheering on ; individual impulse. There is nothing like it outside a French Theatre. One j ought to be grateful to Mr Parnell, if | only for the impressiveness with which the new parliamentary daquc works. A word as to the new members who have so far taken part in debate. The old parliamentary notion, that a member should Sit silent for a time and quietly learn tho ways and habits of the House, and study its rules and laws, written and unwritten, aud endeavor to assimilate something of its spirit, is quite an exploded theory now ; aud tlie new importation, as soon as he has signed the roll and shaken hands with the Speaker, is on thorns until he ban given the House n tnnln kin AtinlUll Fto tlQB fkOrfonK confidence in himself, great fluency (of words, at all events), and no nervousness at all. If at times he indulges in a some what old-fashioned rhetoric, or that dangerous experiment, a mixed metaphor, where's the harm 1 One honorable gentle man, for instance, was actually cheered — (let merit be given where it is due— the cheer came from the Radical benches) — when he solemnly informed the House that ' only those schools had goae to the ' wall which were cumbering the ground and bearing no fruit !' Surely the ghost of Sir Boyle Roche must tremble for his reputation ' Some time ago a music-housc in New York received a letter from a young lady asking for some sheet music. She closed, apologisiug for her blunders, in the fol lowing language : — 'Plezexkusmispelin. I tpel bi ere, but I pla bi not.'1 ' 