NEW YEAR'S DAY. New Year's Eve in Ipaewioh is not now what it was in the earlier days. Back in "the good old time." there was festivity of a gorgeous kind. At 12 o'clock at night the streets were given up to a sort of riot, but the rioting was not exactly of a criminal character-it was the outcome of exuberance of snirits, animal and otherwise. The tar-barrel was king, and his satellites; the cracker fiends, kept him right good company; 8|gn-boares" were removed, thh name of thebmew? }ear was more oa lef'artistic ally drawn in chalk oa shutters, doors, and other suitable places; the hctels were laidundercontribu tion; get-at-able vineyards suffered "levy and dins tross ;" and some of,the revellers generally came home with the milk, owing to incapacity to come sooner. Times are changed now, and the semi-law less period lives onl in memory.. On Thursday evening last the too wna pretty quiet' Although the shops remained open until 9 o'clock, the business transacted was, of course, not equal to that done on Christmas Eva. In fact, New Year's Eve is but a 'ash of Christmas Eve, with the flavour gone. There were a good many people in the streets on the night of the 31st, but they were not crowded as on the 24th. Near the Blackall Fountain an electric battery was er"oted, and the ente rising proprietor oler d to opeq. re" onpew j}andd# tWho would part with tbhreepeace ; / whilb 'noplo tto Mr. D. T. Keogh's ehop, in Brisaane- street, an energetic young man was Ibegging byktanders to purchase packets worth la. or £1 (especially £1). Asmall bonfire was lighted above Arthur- street, and, before 11 o'clock, constant volleys of crackers were heard. A few rockets hissed their way into the darkness, and, now and then, some robust specimen of fireworks made its voice heard as it yielded ep the ghost. At a quarter to it a eunple otehurdl.nlels-St. Paul's and St. Stephen's, if we mistake not-semmoned the devout to worasip in the various churches. At last the clock on thl School of Arts tower slowly struck the hour of 12; and thus, amidst praise and prayer, laughter and merry greetings, old 1885 silently vanished into the shadows of the past, and young 1886 gleefully grasped, the eceptre which is to rule as for'annther. ye?. , The first day of 1886 was, on the whole, a pleasant one in Ipswich. Of course all the shops kept holiday, and a pretty general exodus took place, the objective point being the demonstration of Odd- fellows at Sandy Gallop. The following are a few particulars of the various amusement : WESTERN STAR LODGE SPORTS. The annual athletic sports' gathering under the auspices of the Western Star Lodge of Oddfellows (Grand United Order) took place, yesterday, at Sandy Gallop, and, being the principal attraction in this district, a great concourse of spectators assembled to witness the contests. The gathering, lastrybr, was i fjnst bicseeful oie f ito kind whi?dhlfsdbeesd wj ?sdd unp to that time ; and this fact was evidently remembered by the public, for thel athletic. carlsyal held yesterday snrpassed its predecessor in almost every respect. Never befoe have .uch orowids entered the grounds so early in the dhy, and' the cry " Still they come" was ap plicable till nearly 3 o'clock in the afternoon, a great many persons visiting the animated scene of the day's sports after dinner. People, of course, anticl pated, ?!PPP tbb exoelpt ma ra !iv " affairs vers uodtctta lest y?ed. lnd Inroi the Ltilsadctory revolta then attained, that they would again be pro vided with really good entertainment, and we may safely say that most, if not all, of those who attended were well satisfied with the entire pro ceedinge. The very;liberal prizes offered, too, had the effect of causing excellent competition, and the .snmittee have no reason to regret making the renours so well worth competing for. The cabs and 'huses, egedless to say, drove a roaring trade, being most liberally patronised. At about 8 o'clock the members of the Western Star Lodge and a con tingent of the same order from Bundanba assembled at the hall, in Brisbane-street, and, preceded by the hand, marched through the principal portion of the town previous to starting for Sandy Gallop. The proceseion numbered nearly 100, and, as the mem bers were arrayed in full regalia, they presented a very pleasing appearance, the Buedanba brethren lpokingrpartioslarly wallia theiroewnasignia. -The musicians, we were glad to notice, were the members of the drum-and-fife band of the local volunteer rifle company - They- prosided -abndance of music during the day, both at'the grand-stand and for the dancing, which ean -carried p:o with.great; spirit in'tbe paellbh, Mr. . .H, Iopper noting as M.O. Very satibfaetoty arrhngements generally had been made1 no small path of the credit for which is un lodbtedly dde: t the hen. secretary, Mi. ?.? J. Wells. The grounds presented quite a gay and animated appearance, The lodge lag floatednear the main exhibition building, end-emaller. fags Union Jpacks, Royal Georges. &,.-fluttered in the hreeze in all directions. The ",ring" had been opened and enlarged (with ropes) Into a Ilong oval ehaped enclosure. At the uppeer aide the grand stand was erected, and its front a' well asthe whole ring were profusely decorated with flags. The stand was beautified in front with greenery, and an orch'of the same ihaterial adorned the entrance-gate of the grounds. ,The grand stand, tdoo, was .largely siatronired, but, at about half-past 2o'clock, a smart breeze blew off mobt 'f the canvass covering from the roof. and caused nota littleconsternation among the occupants, m oy of whom thoughtthat the whole otructure was going to collapse, but, of course, it was too suhbstantially made for anything like that to occur. Three women fainted, hut nothing more serious occurred. At the western end of the oval was a booth for peds. and trainers, and from it the straight course extended down the enclosure. The reneing.-gound was divided by half-a-dozen 'small cords stretched on low pegs so that each competitor bad a clear space to himself. This straight running in a vast improvement on the circular course, and, in he present case, the gro'nd had been levelled and cleared specially 'or the purpose. The 'ring was at times encroached upon by the public, and several of the committee did not seem to exercise as much vigilance as they did last year; besides this, the larger space which had to be looked after re. qired more officials to perform the necessary duties. A totalisator was worked by Mr. Joseph Chrietey, nsd a wonderful amount of small money was invested through it. Mr. I 8H. Swift kept two publican's booths on the ground, and supplied luncheon in two spacious sheds. Mr. .W. Lewis dispensed fruit, pastry, and light refreshments. Both seemed to be doing a large trade throughout the day. A merry go-round revolved merrily, and was liberally patron imed by the children. A gamester or two started bnsiness, but they did not meet with full approval, though one or two or the committee took a fee from them. That'uch persons should not be allowed on the ground was plainly seen, for the row which re sulted had a bad effect, and, moreover, these contrce tpts tend to disorganize the sports. The judges were Messrs. . M'Kay, Peter Brown, and A. J. Stephenson, with Mr. E. Harding, jun., as referee. Bro. J. White was chairman of a powerful committee; Bro. J. J. Wells, secretary: Bro. C. F. O. Heinrich, assistant secretary; Bro. H. Wyman, starter; and Bro. John M'Lcan, master of the track. Most of the events were well contested, and comn petitors were numerous. As was to be expected, the chief interest centred in the big handicap, whichfur hished in itself quite a host of well-contested races. The winners of each division in the first run-off re ceived £1, excepting those who took a larger prize ultinately, and this induced all to make an effort. In the second run-off, as only the first men could enter for the final, keen competition again resulted. The receipts at the gate were given by Bro. J. ME'Kcnzie, who had charge of this department, at £185 9s.. while the grand stand netted £21 9s. 3d. The numb of adults' tickets taken at the gate was 2750, and agoodly number of children, hersemen, and vehicles issed through. \"We Luncheon. Between 12 ao' 1 o'clock the committee, officials, and a few invitc gueoý art down to a very good luncheon in one f Swifto extemporised dining. rooms. Bro.'F. B ie, G.M., of Brisbane, presided, and Bro. R. Wi Ct D.M, also of Briabane, occupied the vice". After l "aj e" had been done to the p zproa eo toast of "The Queen," edit th that o " Success to tie Grand fell In speaking to the latte position occupied by the o previous day two officera him if the Grand United Ord seinty.if application wercmad society had nmety membora ipm but they believed thatL tbo G.U. order they could be congeoted CtAIMANs, in s'easndin aii ' making a?dveabee 1idges tion; in ffc,' it was thagrind and mosta?ccessfil orgabisatidninQueeneland. Asthecompany desired to deturn to the sports' grnind as soon as possible, further 5kjsch-making was dispensed with. Maiden Race, for all who have nevPr won an advertised race 150 yards. First prize, 301,; second, 10s. W. Middelstadt, 1; A. Rea, 2; F. Keenan, 3\. There were eleven starters in this race, which was run, in two divisions, the final oontest being between the first and second men of each. Kelly wa s ecoessful in the first division. A. Rea being second; while Middelotadt and F. Keenan came to the fore in the second. The contest between Middelstadt and Rea was pretty good, and the finish close. Time 16secse. Running High Jump-Handicap. First prize, 20s.; second, as. 6d. J. Wieneke (scratch), 5ft.' Sin., 1 ; Andrew Creedy (2in.), Sft. d5in., 2; Owen Creedy (2in.). 5ft. Akin., 3. 3. Phie, D. Smith, and T. Kerwin, with tn. handi:cap each, also competed. Youths' Race, under sixteen years: 120 yards. Firstprize, 20s.: second, 7e. ed. J. M'Grath, 1; M. M'Lean, 2. Four only competed. Time, 14eces. Western Star Lodge Grand Handicap;. First prize, £f40; second, £10; third, £5, Winnersof each division of first run-off to receive £1 eaob-first, second, and third prize-takers excepted.-F. W. Lbwe, Roma (16 yards), ; C. M'Anany, Ipewich (17 yards), 2 ; J. Wieneke, Yealba (4 yards), 3. The first run.off was in nine divisions, the first and second men only being eligible for the secondruan off. The placed men and time for each division were as follows -A. Chalmers (4 yards) and J. M. Scanlon (16 yards), 15sec.; A. Drohan (13 yards) and D. Crowley (16 yards), 15iBeo.: C. M'Anany (17 yards) and Arch. Chalmers (14 yards), 5lseo.; C. Turner (16 yards) and R. Sim (11 yl?le), 15see.; J. Kelly (17 yards) and C. V. Scaroni (16 yards), 15 1/Sseo R.. Maon (14 yards) and J. Wieneke (4 yards), 14 4/5seo.; J. M. Yates (10 yards) and M. Farrell (15 yards), 14 4/5sec.; G. Lathprt11 yards) and G. Smith (14 yards), 16 4/5eeo.; ahd F. W. Lowe (16 yards) and F. Dyer (12 yards), lSsec. The second run-off took place in the afternoon, and was contested in five divisions, the first man only in eaoh having a chance for the final. In the first division Alex. Chalniehr won easily from Lather and Crowley in 16sea ; and in the second Wieneke (15tsec.) also woo easily from Scaroni andG. Smith. The third was comfortably carried off by F. W. Lowe in 15 I/SE,. from Yates, Drohan, and Kelly; the fourth was a gift to Sim (6aeec.), Scanlon and Arch. Chalmers not pushing him for it; but, in the last, M?Anany (6asec.) had a pretty close struggle with Mann, Turner, and Farrell. In the final, Wieneke looked at first as though he would carry off premier honours,. but he did not seem to run at his best, though he kept ahead of Chalmers all the way. A good many put their money on Chalmers on the totalisator, and more on Lowe, on. whom only 9s. 6d. was paid. Not more than a foot separated first and second men at the finish, but more than a yard inter vened between the second and third competitors. M'Anany entered a protest against Lowe on the ground that that was not really his name. Time, 16jeec. Throwing Oricket-Ball. First prize, Match Bat, value 21.?%-J. Clancy (85yds. lft.), 1. Ten competed. Kicking Football. Pirt prisze, Breakfast Graet value 21s.-T. C. Pryde (lydse.), I; T. S. WI. Rowlands (57yds.),2,. Six took part in this event, Manx Race; 100 yards. First prize; 20s.; second, 10s.-Baker and Fitigerald, 1; D: Gold and Arch. C)almprs, 2. Only-three coples ran, and the tirn 'was 18 3/aen. Members' Race;. 150 yards.-handicap, For all Members'of the' Order; to be run in full regalia. First prize (presented by Dr. E. R. Webb), a Silver Tday and Card-Stand, value. £35; second,'.Silver Pickle-Jar, value £3; third, Silver Bltter-Cooler, ;-aluq£2 ; fourth, Preserve-Jar, value £l.-J.Little (5 yards), 1; James Stafford (10 yards), 2; W. HB Bemi (scratch), 3; Jae. Lindsay (11 yards) 4. Five roa in the first division.and four in the second, the irst three in each being eligible to start in the final': The placed men in the first were W. B. Beno (scratch), Jas. Stafford (10 yards), and T. England (11 yards) ; and in the second J. Little (5 yards), J,. Grimsey (3 yards), and G. Stewart (5 yards). In the closing spurt, Bemi sneridd likely to win, and, indeed, ran even with the leaders, if he was not actu ally leading, for a time; but, coming down home, be was not able to maintain the pace. The time was given as 17sec. Handicap Walking Match, open to all-comers; one mile. First prize, £10; second, £4; third, £1.--T. Keane, 1; F. Ferguson, 2; F. Scaroni, 3. Of the twenty-fourentered, seventeen competed, and the event was witnessed with the kecnest interest. The first six to breast the tape were Keane, Barnes; Whyte, Ferguson. Scaroni, and W. Gordon, but the committee disqualified Barnes for breaking and Whyte for missing a lap. Time, 8min. 15sec. Amateur Race; 150 yards-handicap. To hb run in divisions. First prize (presented by' Bros J. White and J. Mackenzie), Silver Tray and Butter-Cooler, value £10: second, Silver Cake Stand, value £4; third, Card-Stand, value £1. L. A. Hoelscher (scratch), 1; J. M'Murdy (t1 yards), 2; G. Ford (11 yards), 3. This event was contested in three divisions, the time for each being 6Isec. The placed men in the first were L. A, Boelscher (~cratoh) and C. Bette (15 yards); in thb second, J. M'Murdy (12 yards) and J. Heenan (10 yards); asd in the thirdG. Ford (11 yards) and J) Williamson (13 yards. Six ran in the first, five id the second, and two in the third. The six name4 and G. Siemon (who did not get away in the first run-off and was allowed to start in this) competed in the final, which was won in good style by Hoelscher in 16 2/S5ec., but, owing to the colours and names not having been properly recorded, some trouble ensued as to the second and third men. Hornpipe (Sailor's). First price, 20s.; second, 10s.-G. Kluver ; B. Burrows ; Atkinson and Gehringer also danced. The judges passed them, but (a fourth having been called in) they were equally divided as to the merits of the other two. Finally they agreed that the amount of the prizes should he equally divided. Handicap Hurdle Race ; 300 yards, over six hurdles. Open to all-comers. First prize, £3 ; second, 30s. ; third, 10s.-R. Mann (15 yards), 1 ; R. S. Sim (10 yards), 2; L. Ryan (10 yards), 3. Nine athletes started for this handicap. Johnson fell after the first jump, and Moffatt stumbled over him. D. Smith (16 yards) maintained his lead for a little more than half-way, but lost ground alto. gether in the latter part of the race, and came in fourth, Time. 40 415fiecs. It was expected that Moffatt would have had a good show for the event, and so he would but for his mishap; as it was, he ran well up, occupying a pretty good position at the finish. Ladies' Race ; 100 yards. Trophies presented by Mr. Mayfield.-Tottie Bradfield, ; Mary Ellen Quinn, 2 ; Bertha Wall, 3. Five girls competed for the honours in this event. Vaulting with Pole--Handicap. First prize, 30s.; second. 10s. F. Johnson (scratch), 8ft. Sin., 1 ; J. Vowles (4in.), 8ft. 6in., 2; Wieneke (scratch), J. Williamson (4in.), and J. Davidson (4in.) also com peted. Wieneke fell out pretty soon, but, after the event was decided, he cleared the winner's height with ease. 440 Yards Race, open to all-comers. First prize, £5 ; second, £2; third, £1.-J. M. Yates (12 yards), 1; D. Crowley (30 yards), 2; R. Masterson (12 yards), 3. Ten competitors camne forward, but nine only got away. Lennon (35 yards) led till within about thirty yards of home, when, having uo necessarily exerted himself, he appeared fairly done up, and allowed three others to pass him. Tim 56sec. Veterans' Race, over forty years 150 First prize, 20s.; second, 10s.: third, Is. Watson, 1; Alf. Lullam, 2: D. Collin Armstrong entered, but did not start, did not run the distance out. Th create much interest. Quoit Match. First prie, John M'Vicars, 1; -. pcted. Consolation Raze, for First prie, £4 ;ec (4 yards), 1 ; Arch. Moffatt (5 yards) yards), Farrell (1 yards), and event r uo first th was th saia that and the on whio ; named ellstead, la]e?ett der to bhe F. W:-Low ittedke smaid was a Fred, and a Franki Lowe. The comn tteiY' were of opinion that a mistake had be?an ? a tIp resolved not to uphold the protest bpI t giveLown the first prize. M'Anany epond, a? ?Wiepekethh'. The latter said that hewas desrqe'.sf. imakteij' aplash," and was wiling to ran any man in lawswoh 100 yards for £100. or to stake OUb M?ira igaja £100 for the same distanoe. When the plizes were all-hlihded6bvel, It0tb4 b money" winner treated the company, ahd tibalth having been enthusiastically drunk, the proceedingu terminated. 