-OS 3r .* BAJXD BAE, JLuthor of" Grace Uarling," "Hvnd Tubes," i" fta&T.iWFa;&fcj;&y;'$&*'■ '1 Ktufafc jCiislialper^'." ^it. !on tljb foxia^-iec: JGHAFEBEXL , TICK TBTOMEHOFTHB WJUCKKD. It iras a temble blow, which "Mabel Je receiyed iit. gJ£withvuiibrGken ■ -- * therefore its effect was crushing. There yras no bp^rtjini^forlier natural strength to sustain it so it struck her down completely protrate. Her swoon was deep andv long. When she returned to consciousness she was alone, for having locked her dobr, no dhel»bixld euter if inclined, lonas ahd Juys wffeTufcd, however,' left her to heraelf, andsqught not td go near her, or to learn what effect the cruel falsehood had produced. -She lay on the floor where she had fallen uhaided, and if they had "been aware of . the, i nsens ibilitj into, which she had sunk, their hope would.haye been that she .should never survive. But nature was more merciful than their' inhuman hearts, though it might seem, in view of the woe to which she awoke, that the greater mercy would bare consisted iu never calling her back to recollection and feeling. .While she lay there 'still as a stone she knew neither pain nor sorrow, but with the- return of consciousness a flood of bitter anguish poured into her Soul such as few hearts can- en dure. Bising up, she tottered to the win. dow, and . with low, plaintive moan < dropped into the chair into. whicl^she bad seen sitting when summoned to the interview with Colonel Marstom By the gathering twilight she iriew that she must hare been insensible for ialmost two hours. " ? " False and Pithless, falsa and faith lets," ware the words of woe which her lips murmured and rejieated. Fright ful as was the aspect uf Edward's char acter presented by his uncle's com-, aaunication,, it never occurred to her to doubt the truth of what she had been told. . If the instinct of her haait liad been allowed its way, she would bare refused to believe in her lover's baseness; but pride warred with in stinct and prevailed, leaving her to moarn the deselation into which her deluded heart had been betrayed. She wished and strove to tear the image of Edward Marston from her affection, but that was. Iieyond her strength to accomplish. She had given her heart to him and the gift could not be recalled. However base and un worthy he had now shown hijcusjEdf'lc^ lie, he had wooed and won her Jove inder a noble guise, and sucha^jove as hers onca bestowed cannot It is a gift whieli is irrevocable. ~ ; i The ideal goodness to wbicb .it yields «d itself up remained a rialtty ihTjer soul, though the,form in which it-had been invested had become vile,'and that Ideal .bring indestructible, the love whieh it had- secured''.could not. die. A1^* I tliia made her wrecked happi nasamore complete-—the darkueiisand sorrow of bar jffe the more dense and . biftlrJ : ' In^Qthe grief and suffering of that nightof JonHness we shall not further penetrate. 'When Mabel; appearedin ' themorningherrIaca was pale—very . pale, and h*d a .set. sad ness of expres sion; but she was calm andsilent, and there was a dignity in her demeanor which should have held her sacred.from the -coarse assaults of Hrs. Lynch, had s that^ penwnage been possessed of suffi cient discernment. to understand it . Of-ihis, i howaver, her -vulgar nature t was devoid, and she began to level taunts 'at. thr tortured ^tl^nceViiing j the, npshpt ofjier. " sljloye makjug.r,; i ^' You.^oaght you had caught a rich fbusbaad and ; would be n rich- lady, jpadam, for thareat ofyour day*. Bujk "yrip^^idp has ___ it wili learn you Jonae aat.lisUning to.ihis rtSririei without Interference, but was consider-j ably takem-aback when Mabel -swept. Mat hi, jsfwn rilenes, J jhVs spoke— J ; if ^pth^-yrord^ is addrees-; #d to umonthis subjeet I take back, thepromiise I made laid night. I am. ^e , bjr )t^lmt on this condi-• ~ ' nlnolute silenceon. " pon\t tegse t^e girl in that way, Sarah,0 saMJonaa to bis wife, with a warning look. "She didn't knowwho the youngfellow was whenahe allowed him to »prt%er.*''" c' A/Wntemptuous snortwas all the answer vouchsafed by Sarah, hut she had sense enough to comply with the' terms %rhich Mabel had laid down, and : pat an embargo on her tongue for the 1 yrescat a aacrifice for which she re solved* to takie fall compensation at a hitaisdan. " You can-stay for a .day or two upstairs in your own rooin if-you like,' added-Jonas with ' what seemed to Mabel a feeling of kind consideration; for her present sorrow, which drew forth her gratitude. The object of Jonasin making the suggestion'was npt, however, entitled to any such re turn.. Colonel • Marston was still in the house—a fact which .he did not wish, Mabel to know; but as her room .was at & distance from the chamber into which the visitor had "been put by JthelawyerB the knowledge could be more easily kept from her if she did not; come much downstairs.- Mabel was. only too glad to keep within the ! refuge of solitude during these first. hours of tier intensely* hitter experi ence. So to her room she went and there remained for the rest of the day, doing battle with her overwhelming thoughts, and bracing herself for the expected inteview with Edward Mars ton. Oh,-if that interview were but over, and the separation farmallp made, which had been in Beality effect ed ! She would be free then to sink into whatever normal state of exist ence her wounded soul, would settle it self—free to grope her lonesome weary way through the darkness and the gloom. There was another as anxiously wishing for the interview between the lovers to' be past—and safely past. Thik was Colonel Marston,'who could not leave fiaystoek till his nephew and Mabel Ashley were beyond all danger sundered. He could not feel assured of the success of his scheme until the lovers met ind parted, and Edward hadigbne away an he anticipated he wotild, immediately on receiving his dismissal. So the had-hearted, selfish unscrupulous, man lay in semi-hiding in the house of Jonas Lynch; It was supposed that no one outside of that dwelling knew of his presence there. The horse on which he had ridden the last stage of his journey south he had left at Kemble, and he, being wellc ac quainted with the paths across the hills' had reached the lawyer's residence without haying to. pass through any portion of Baystock. He hoped to be able to leave as quietly as he had come^ and that the youth would never learn what shaTe he ha ■ the destruc tion of his bright life hopes. That very'aftewiQpn,; while the radi ance of the autumn day still Hooded earth and sky, Edward.-Maxston and Job Dillon came tn^ight of ; Baystock from the point called : Edgely Rise— the .spot where twox months ' before tbey bad first beheld the/village', as re lated, .in the opening chapter. To : *jhem it were even a brighter look than it did -on tbatpcGasipn, for now it had for them a sweet and precious human interest which it did not then possess. It contained for each of fhem a fond ' loving heart, to which they were hast ening with all the speed which love could put forth, and from whom they expected a joyous welcome and a rap turous embrace. ... ThH.&Jne; tbej.did: not coiue to Ray stock in slich an imposing manner as on the. former occasion. They had no moat homes to bear them on th'eir way. Theyhadmadethe journey from Gum berland by snch" public conveyances as . they cduldfind, and this made them a day longer in accomplishing the dis tance than Colonel Mars ton, who' had came by a direct route on horseback. Having left the coach at the nearest point to Baystock-at which it touched, they'had' walked the last few miles of the journey with light hearts; for ever j moment of time and every step they took ware bringing them nearer to those whom tbeir souls loved. Hb teelihg of fotelxding clouded the mind of either. Job Dillon had no,! hauae for such feeling, forhe'was re turning, to his Fanny in Unchanged cir aanUancd. " Hot' so" with - Edward Marston, He had left his betrothed in the." confidence of obtaining his uncle's approval of his marriage; he returned with that approval emphatically -denied *n outcast from the social'rank hud the Inneritance which was his by birth. Yet be had' ho 'misgiving on this ac coqnt, :fee!ing as certain as he was of. hisownexiatence that the issue would not affeet his relation to Mabel in the slightest degree. He was not exactly in the position which Mabel supposed he occupied when she confessed her lore and promised to be bis wife, and— shewould not forsake him because he was net richer in this world's goods than she believed him to be oil the evening when their troth was plighted. Sooner would' he have doubted the truth ! of Holy Writ than believed that Mabel's < love was mercenary or ambitious, or aught else but pure, noble, constant and true. Arrived at the "Wheat Sheaf, Job soon experienced the ecstatic fruition' of j his anticipations in the warmth with which the delighted ' Fanny' fchrew her self into his arms and permitted her blushing lips " to be devoured with kisses. Of course,"this fond and ardent demonstration took place in ' private, and not under the gaze of the people of | the inn, though by this time it was Well-known" to her master and her fellow-sei yants that she and Job we're engaged, and intended to be married -Soon. Still Fanpr was a modest, cir cumspect girl, atid J6h had too much respect for her to subject her to the railleiy 6f her neighbors. He waited, therefore, a convenient; opportunity for j the indulgence of such loving manifes tations as their reunion demanded, and he had his reward in the free, unre-j strained manner in which his darling little Fanny responded to bis innocent endearments. Edward waited only to swallow a hasty refreshment and brush the dust of travel from his clothes ere walking., up the slope to enjoy a similar inter view with Mabel. To see her must of necessity call at her step-father's house, aud this he did not shrink from doing, though it was the first time'he had made his appearance there, or came in contact with Mr. Jonas Lynch. There was no reason, why bis inter . course with Mabel should hare an ap parently clandestine character. He was ready only to avow his love for her, and appear in "an honorable and straightforward character as her be trotted. There was nothing to be a ehamed of either on his account or hers, and it consisted best with bis: frank, nndesigning nature to go to; Mabel's* guardian and let him know the position in which he stood towards his stepdaughter. In pursuance of his resolve, Ed ward, with a brisk step, made direct, for the lawyer's, house, his handsome face bright and beaming with the joy that filled his heart. As he ap proached the gate he cast an eager look through the garden and up to the ; windows, in the hope of beholding her or seeing her come forth to meet him; but in this he was disappointed. She was not in the garden, nor did he ob tain a glimpse of her beautiful face at' j any of the windows, the blinds of which were for the most part closely drawn. His coming was not unobserved, though by other eyes than those of Mabel; and when Mrs. Lynch opened the door to his knock she greeted him with a look of recognition which he could not mistake. Again was. Edward disappointed. He made quite sure that it would be Mabel who oame to the door, and he bad his arms ready to enfold her' when the squatform, the full developed person, and purple face of Mrs. Lynch were presented to his gaze. • So thoroughly unexpected was this vision, that the youth was taken aback, and was ait a loss who to ask for. .In his confusion he stammered i out the name of Mr. Lynch. "Yes sir, Mr. Lynch is in—this way sir,", said Sarah, quite volubly; and ere Edward had time to think, he was ushered into the parlor where Jonas Lynch sat alone. The lawyer rose, bowed and smiled also, as it seemed in recognition, which caused Edward to conclude that j he had some knowledge of his visitor —a . supposition which was at once confirmed by the lawyer uttering his name. " Mr. Marston, I think." " Ah, yon know me then, Mr Lynch." " Well, sir, I have some slight.! knowledge of you. "We have not met before, hut I have seen you at a dis-.| tance, and I know of your acquaint- j ance with Mabei." The wbrds relieved the youth from his embarrassment.' He understood them to mean;that Mabel had informed him of their relation'to each other,' and from thepleasant reception he received .; concluded that the knowledge had not displeased him. "Then, sir," he observed, "I pre sume that Mabel—Miss Ashley I mean j —has informed yon of the character into which our acquaintance has de ▼eloped, and the relation in which we stand to each other." ' She has, Mr. Mars ton. As a dutiful girl, she deemed it improper to conceal such an important matter from me. I Believe this was not quite the arrange ment between you when you parted a weqk ago. The knowledge was not to be communicated till you returned from Cumberland with your uncle's consent and approbation." " True, sir, that was the arrange ment, but I am. glad, on reflection, Mabel departed from.it, as she- had a perfect right to do. I hope, Mr. Lynch, you see no reason to object to our union: We love each other very dearly." "Possibly—I know that at your age, Mr. Marston, love, or the feeling called such, is considered everything ]n relation to marriage. I am older, and can therefore view matters more prudently. I have learned long ago the marriage relation is not to be maintained comfortably on love alone, but is chiefly dependent on more mundane things. Now Mabel bas no fortune, and will therefore not be able to bring anything to contribute to. household resources." "What does that matter?" cried Edward, impulsively. "In your case nothing," replied Jonas, with a bland smile. "Poverty, which would be a fatal hindrance, is not aquestion with you, for as the nephew of Colonel Marston, add heir to his estate, yoti are in a position to dispense with a wife's fortune. There fore I Bhall not pretend to say'that I have any objection to the union you seek. As her legal guardian, you will not be surprised if I suggest the necessity of a marriage settlement which shall—" " Mr. Lynch, I must be frank with you," interrupted Edward. " My uncle does not consent to my marriage with Mabel. He would force me inf^> a union of mere worldly expediency and advantage, which I scornfully re ject. We have quarrelled in conse quence, and have parted, never again to meet." What! ' exclaimed Jonas, with an appearance of utter astonishment.' "Tour uncle refuses his consent; you have quarrelled. Why, then, he will disinherit you." " I have no doubt he will," "GoodHeavens! this—is a revolu: tion of affairs. Young gentleman this changes everything. Oh no, Mr. Lynch," responed Edr ward with a calm smile. " It makes no change in my love for Mabel, or in hers for ine j that is far beyond the reach of the worldly reverse." "Is it?" said Jonas with a sneer. I suspect, however, ■ it is not be yond the reach of worldly necessity. You are not mad enough to beggar yourself, or heartless enough to land Mabel in destitution." " God forbid that I should do the latter!" exclaimed the youth, with honest fervor. " But we are in no danger of such an extreme exerienee. I inherit two hundred a year from my mother, and I have some talent for painting which can be turned to ac count. Though these do not point to a large income, Mr. Lynch, it will be sufficient for our moderate tastes and wishes. I have not been extravagant ly reared, and Mabel " Mabel is a girl in bumble circum stances, you would say, and therefore' has no right to look for a life of luxury." > Pardon me, sir, I meant to say that Mabel holds the satne ideas on the subject as I do." " Ah, don't he too sure of that. All young girls are ambitious, and look to make a great marriage. Excuse me, Mr. Marston, bat I must tell you tbait I think you are acting very foolishly, and were your present desire carried out, it would cause yon life-long regret and ceaseless misery. As your friend and Mabel's stepfather, I earnestly advise you to return to Cumberland, and tell your uncle that you are ready to accede to his wishes." "Impossible, Mr. Lynch. Love, Honor, everything binds me to Mabel; and I would not forsake or relinquish her for aught that earth could yield. Were it even other wise, I would not marry the lady for whom my uncle designs me." _ " °h> yes, you wiU. Calm reflec tion will enable me to see that it is your interest to do so," " Calm reflection, Mr, Lynch, will confirm me the more in my resolution1 It could not be my interest, but my misery, to contract such an iniquitous marriage." "And do you mean to say, Mr. Marston, that under no - conceivable circumstances you would marry as your uncle desires," asked Jonas, with a keen though furtive look.. "T do say so. There is indeed one circumstance under which I said to my uncle I would, but as it is not con ceivable, my "present answer stands." " Ah, - then," there is a possibility "No, Mr. Lynch, there is no pos sibility. The event I refer to will "never "happen, so the contingency need not be glanced at." " Ton seem to be absolutely certain on the point," remarked Jonas, with an ugly smile. " Absolutely certain." returned Ed ward, also with a smile, but one of ; very different character, for it was. in perfect agreement with the words he uttered. "Now sir, I hope I shall see Mabel. I have come from Cum berland as fast as the means of-tran sit would allow, and hurried-up from tho inn almost at the moment of my arrival. Eorgive a'lover's impatience, Mr. Lynch, and let we ask you to tell Mable I am here." " Once more, Mr. Mars ton, allow me to advise you for your good, Depart from Raystock without seeking a meeting with Mabel. I will explain to her the reason of your conduct, and undertake to show her it is heat fer you both." " Forbear," cried Edward, firmly and; sternly. " I perceive, Mr. Lynch, you do not understand my feelings and motives or you would know how I despise your advice. I hare told | you- my position freely and nnre-! servedly. I hare kept back nothings for your relation to my betrothed entitles you to know what I -have told. I have heard the "counsel which j you have given, and emphatically re- ! ject it. Our interview can therefore have no further practical purpose. Will you tell me where I shall find Mabel?" "I will send ber to you," answered Jonas." " Being only her step father, I am "aware- my authority over her was not absolute; and «lf she is -as wilful and determined as you are, I shall take no steps to prevent your folley. But I believe Mabel possesses more sense and discretion thau-ysfu seem to think. Remain here, "MrS Marston; Mabel will-1 come " to you presently." . ■ - j Saying which the lawyer left the room, and the next moment Edward heard him ascending the stair. Several minutes passed without bringing the sound of another foot step, for which he intently listened. In his joyous impatience Edward could scarcely remain in the room where Jonas had left him. He felt impelled to rush forth and go in search for her. I know what it means," he said to himself, " that cold-blooded man is telling her that my-uncle refuses con sent : that I am disinherited; and is advising her to give me up. He may save himself the trouble, for the atrocious advice will be .given in vain. Little does he know the pure and lofty character of Mabel's soul; how impossible it is that his tidings can have the slightest influence upon her. How should a grovelling, earth-bound mind like his understand how far love makes the heart superior to those mercenary feelings which he calls prudence andproper worldly considera tion ? Why does he press her and protract this delay? Dull as he is to the finer human sensibilities, he must see that Mabel will" not give heed to his words though he urge her to all eternity. Why, then, keep her yearning heart from coming to me? Ha! a footstep at last. She comes—my darling comes, Yet, no —the slow and listless step cannot, be that of loving Mabel!" Slow—'aye, very slow and heavy was the step on the stair which his quick ear had detected, and at the first sound of which he was about to burst into the passage. This was not the light tripping step of joyous love, therefore it could not be Mabel. He drew back in dissappointmeut and had turned towards the window with a dejected looked when the door was quietly opened and Mabel en tered. At least it was the semblance of Mabel, but so strange and fearfully altered that Edward's- glad exclama tion died on his lips, -his -impulsive motion towards her -was stayed, the sparkling light in his eyes subsided into full amaze, and' with arms half outstretched, he stood rigid, motion less, petrified. : He had pictured a. very different kind- -of meeting-^—a bustling entrance, a cry of joy, a rush of the fair form -into his arms, her soft hands twined round his neck, her loving eyes raised to his-face, the fragrant breath from her lips mingling with his own, and murmured words of tender endearment passing beween them. Such. had been his imagination, fondly cherished and repeated; but but what a terrible and bewilding reality was this. White as a ghost] rigid and cold, as a marble statue; Mabel -stood before him. On her face there was no smile, in her eye no tenderness ; but an icy chilliness, m if her features were frozen into repellant hardness. . " Mabel," gasped Edward,, " what, has happened ? Why so changed, so cold?" . A tremor shook her for a .moment, a rush of emotion began to start at the sound of his voice, and for one in stant her purpose, threatened to fail But she remembered she had been told to iexpect this; and believing, it to be a part of the dissimulation he had come to practise, pride' came to her aid, making her firm'as a rock of ada mant. " Mr. Marston, all is ended between us. You are free," said Mabel, in a voice so strange, and maimer so me chanical that it seemed as if a spirit not her own uttered the words which passed her lips, and completed the amazement of him who heard them, making- him recoil, dumb and trans fixed. ' Heavens! am . I dreaming ?" he ejaculated, lifting his hand wildly to his brow. 11 Oh, it-must be a horrid fantasy and unreality—it cannot, be actual. Mabel are you ill? or—or ■-For heaven's sake explain this mystery 1" " There is lio mystery; my words are plain. Our acquaintance is ended. Bet ui part at once and for ever.'' Our acquaintance ended—part for ever! God of mercy, do I hear aright?" ■ ."jWhy prolong the interview need said Mabel, in the same un naifurabtone and manner. " I repeat you are free. Keturri to your uncle] and tell him you are ready to do as he desires." Merciful heaven, is it possible that ' Jfaa^change is produced by the know ^^»:-ihat!my unclehas cast me off because I refuse . to marry: as ... he wishes 1" " Yes, that is the cause of the change. I cannot allow you to be plunged into poverty. It is best for us to part. Let us do it now, and quickly." Edward staggered farther back, clasped his -hands, 'and'-regarded her with a look of indescribable meaning. " Ealse and faithless," he gasped, in the extremity of the belief to which he had been forced to come. Another tremor shook Mabel's rigid frame. -'False and faithless!"—the very words she had herself wailed in the first moments of her -agony. Ah, but he was only acting a part, and the recollection of that settled her again till her lip actually curled in scorn— | his acting was so natural that,, without the enlightenment she had go£ she must have been deceived. And this is woman's truth and constancy!" he bitterly exclaimed. Oh, Mabel, if an angel from Heaven bad met me on the way and told ine you would false and faithless as you j have shown yourself to be, I would have told him belied. I would have sjtaked my life—my very soul's salva tion—on your truth and the reality of you love. Deceived in you, I can henceforth believe in no one and in nothing, lb my blind confidence in you, I have committed myself to a fate loathsome and detestable.; and as I would scorn to break my word even to j escape the worst of evils, your un mitigated perfidy has chained me to a lifelong misery. May God forgive you, Maqel; but I had a thousand times rather beeu dashed over the cliff than saved by you to be thus betrayed. Better—far better—a speedy' death | than a life of wretchedness such as 1 I must now endure." " I think, Mabel; you had better re tire to your own room," said Jouas Lynch, whose entrance at that moment was too opportune to -be the result of aught but eavesdropping. " You have given Mr. Mars to a your decision, and there is no need for further words." - He stood between them and held, the door open for her exit.. With the erect bearing which her pride still en abled her to sustain, she turned to go, yet found it impossible to obev her pride when it prompted her to quit the room withouteastinganotherglanee towards Edward. By a power.greater than her will she was compelled to turn on him one swift look. Bah without another spoken word—with out a single farewell—ahe passed from the sight of hie burning eye-balls, and scareely.had she crossed the threshold when Jonas,-with a feelingpf intense satisfaction, closed the; door and faced- Edward, -with a countenance in which his-satisfaction was fully' ex pressedL "I am glad Mabel has shown so much sense, and so will you be one day, Mr. .Marston. You feel it a bit just now, and byrand-by the soreness will leave you and-——" .. " "Is this.Mabel's unbiassed act?" .Jemaiided Edward with sudden ster ness, while a look of fierce suspicion broke through the.agony of amaze* meat, so deeply pictured on: - his face.. . " Why should you think- other wise? I won't deny that I counselled her to this course; but never com pelled her. Don't you. see that the . consequence,..ofgoing inthe face of youi' uricle's wish puts you on a level with her other lover, Ralph Easson, and as she .has .known him longest, she naturally prefers the man best able to work for her." " Is it So ?" murmured Edward, drawing a long breath." Then .is my trust in- woman destroyed for- ever. -Beauty and .seeming goodness are but the mask of- hidejus hypocrisy and guile. Oh,: Mabel, Mabel, so fair and yet so false." "."Well, now, Mr. Marston, opinions differ, I call .her prndent and sensible. Take her advice and mine. Go.back to Cumberland. Make sub mission to your uncle, marry accord ing to his wish, and ere long you will laugh at this youthful feeling mid fancy.": „ Crushed by the terrible and unex pected blow, stunned and bewildered, the youth staggered away oat into the ihefiow light of sunset, with the feel ing pressing on his . heart that the beauty and the joy of earth had fled for ever. . \- ~ Jonxs watched his drooping form until he was fairly out of the garden gate-and had turned the handle of- a closed door, behind which . Colonel Marston bad been, ran unseen listener toallthathad taken place. . "Is he gone ?" asked the Colonel in a whisper. " Yea—are you satisfied with the re sult?" " Nothing could have gone better. Oar plan has succeeded, capitally. I don't think there is any danger of the two meeting again." " I'll take care they don't," answered Jonas. "But depend on. it the young gentleman won't stay another day ..-in Raystock. You may expect to B.ee him at Wortley -Hall before a week is over." - ^. "Then-I must .be there before him and shall set forth at an early hour in the morning. Here is the cheque I promised you for the important service you have rendered, and now -if your good lady will bring me supper. I'll retire early, so as to be up by cock crow."' Jonas took the cheque with a cring ing bow, and the well-matched pair separated. But the lawyer did not mean to retire early to. rest. He had another project afoot which he meant to forward that very night, for, said he to himself. *'It is always best to strike while the iron iB hot." (To be Continued). NotBlind.—" Don't make * fooiof yourself with that girl, now, Tom; you know lore's blind," said the cautious parent. "That's all bosh,'* said superior Tom. " Love's not blind at all. Why, I see ten times as much in that girl as you do." '' Jones, how terribly you swear since you've been married. How is it?" Jones—" I don't know. I never had cause before!" Compensation.—" TJIIo, Jones! You in Paris!" " Yes ; I've just run over for a holiday." " Where's your wife ?" " Couldn't come, poor dear. Had to stop, at home on account of the baby!". "Why, your holiday will be Half spoiled!" "Yes. Mean to sfay wice as long, to make up!"—Punch. A Woman's Question.-—" Did yen say or did you not say, John, what I said you said ? . Because Walt said you said , you never said what 1 said you said. How, .if yon did say that you did not say what I said you said, then what did you say ?" , Will Ireland be cold if she loses her Ulster ? \- - Wiiiie witnessing a game of cricket ft spectator was struck on the back of his head. The bawl came put of his ipoutl^ 