\- igkia racing club. MiW YEAR'S DAY MEETINQ j. -ugh the day was not a very bright one' U'-'A cool and mont enjoyable; and this, jjr vim a good programme of eventst rUri:enuntierof people to Plemington i ' tl v attendance was small compared e Cb-tmplcn Meetings held oa New Hny, and the interest not so considerable , u the great thrae-mlle weight for-age 0v us included in the programme j,f of the Champion Race, which was put iff the Autnmn Meeting, the Standlsh and lt,PUfe-» were introduced. Tho number of t, aero increased to seven, vis. fhe or«l'y H akes, Standlsh Plate, Unrdle Reoe j.J'lor, Steeplechase, Midsummer Haudi Criteiion Stakes, FT jiw.ra was in perfect condition, and it jXoekf d more charming to the eye. The beautifully grtea, and the flowers In Jlpom. a Tp'.tro'lenry, Lady Locb and suite arrived pi ground jnat ae the Normanby States Xf ing started. They wore seated iu time the finish of the race, which was not L,teu»ting as Maddelina won hatd held ustrhiian band, under Signor Ztlman t|.ed the lawn considerably. ;lv all tbe betting was done on the k,- little being transacted In thooltylait L Or e or two big wagers were offered and the betting room amongst memben of jL ererr, cluhe, but the punlio showed no jkjio congregate ontsiie rht V R C. rooms In |L.f tho Opera Tlonse,as thoydo at the Spring L if.it on Jtediugs. iftmefintr nevertheless passed off moat Aj.'iorilr, and everyone present was satle Hfi|'-h 'h» racing provided, mpfolio A|Dg are the details and descriptions 'B|Vsrions events — S NORMANBY 8TANK!, EpeinVfS nt 10 aovs. each, fu... with 400 |7Z. For 8 yre old. Oolts 8-it 101b; ftllle Mm11'- Th« econd horse to veooive 60 sovn T.JLbe third 06 sovs ont of the stake. The jfi ff cr of any rnc« (not a handicap) value f$B<:v« or upwards to carry 71b extra; of Em? or iner such races, lifib extra; ran IH not cnmnUUve. Forfeit to be B >red and paid to tbe V.R.G. Secretary' e 11 e.m on tbe dav brfote the race, or nor.'ir-ator will be liable f<r the whale B (110 Subs.) Five furlongs. W UmRT.lXA I 11 vin.txn 2 B .PFLT B B folbwing started Maddeliaa (Bobirt H boniMn (Ra nage), Dividend (Power) H ru' (Kawlings), Damocles (Hughes), E rtina (Olds), RoH«rt (Br aithwalte) K. It >rta <0 Brier), Gadfly (William.) MP ii v even money about Maddelina, 4 to 1 Bfc r.d, A to 10 to 1 the other. arfdira was fractions from tbe moment Jktafn>> ont of tbe saddling paddock, and the delayed some time throngh hor con- li<s bnltirg alt over the course at the gtntg poiut of the race. Eventually 00 was brought up by Robertson okr ke inside, and she got away, nt splendid start atd led all the way winning wit great ease. Dividend ap;»eared to bo fotrp up with her a the tan bat she drew I aw viibont ever being pn<hed by Robinson- DlJe d was second, -.boat a leogth-and-a-half 0ffrd Gaofly third, a length from Dividend- Mtwvrtina and Damoclee were together for jfl, li j-iiu'c, the next in order being Biondln L,i \ Hi n », vAuh Retort last. iu.e— 1 uit'i f),\Hece. THE STANDISH PLATE. /h.n'i'Mi' «wficpstakee of 6sove each, 1 ft f, ti i. «.; m\> l«i. Second horse to receive 100 cor .4 a- .1 ti e third 50 soee oat of the etake Fci " w- old at-d upwards. One mile. IH-kum.N 1 VfcillVMIAN t ' Cm i i KsTBH 8 Tt f folio ving started : — Sheet Anchor (O-Bricu). Moonshee (Londonelly), Chuckster ( lL.be tsim), Stafford (Moore), The Ghost (Williave), Lord Wiito (Ivemy) Anchorite (Boaee), Bea Horee (Power), T'olemliin ( Pluinui), Cliptrmp (Trabra), Kriiui. (Iialion), Duration (Brown), 1 Altiaoiw (Bene), Uncra (Kthrldgo), I,Rvinpt,,n (WeMd, 81b. 0T.r), MermW I KiiiHi-.l, Gardenl. (Cop«), Chlldo HuoM , ( V. Nnni»r». 2lh. o.er), Blnnd.r (Dorr,). IVitina : —1 to 1 Shedt Anchor, 7 to 1 Baa 1 Ho:m>, a,,d Claptrap, 8 to 1 Bantu., Chuckator, | Am , nn- ;,nd Gardenia, 10 to 1 Larington, Th® L C Oo-t, aiid ltohtmian. A, rr i. coupU of falsa attampta tb. field wai a pot a..) in riccUent atyle. Dnrafion was I neat the raile with Laalngton, Dncaa, Bohemian t Renin., Riibenaon'e pair In tho oe»tre, and l|Qar cnia and Chockater in tha eat re 81. laaida, IrhHt Anchor wa. Ingood poaltlonon tho Biorlde. At tho fall" of tho flaf Larington K;ot away firtt, followad cloaoly by Bohemian Knd Dnntlor, than Sheet Anchor ia cl niter Bt t.L a _v I.a 1..S It the ehKefillN thlf run asciiotim . » — — — — ' rvteoleoallina claeter, bat approaching the tun Beau, got on torme with Lering- cb, «ho wee lending, bat fall beck inicUy. Gardenia appeared to he mekieg great effort oa the onteide. Coming into the Knight the retired, howerer, and Dnratlo® Ln>e op on tha inside and pa .sed Larington. iihenilan joined Duration and tha pair drew T-ey and raced home three clear lengths ahead 1 ths field, Duration winning by halt-e-length. .tick, er third a neck in adrance of i la (Tor, j,ciap'.rap being -fifth, Larington sixth, lira i Aidiutaud Lord Wilton. Msrmad was luiite— linin 4'2Jecs. 