GUNNING. From our Correspondent. POLICE COURT--Wednesday. - The usual monthly court was opened at 10.15 this morning before Mr. J. F. Kenyon, P.M., and Mr. H. Saxby, J.P. The business sheet only showed one case (small debts) for hear- ing, viz.: William Noble sen. v. Robert Woodger, £3 balance of account owing for work and labor done. No appearance of defendant. After examining the account put in, the bench gave a verdict for the amount claimed, with 6s costs. Defendant had paid £1 into court. As the court rose to adjourn the Police-Magistrate called attention to the fact of one of the officers of the court being absent, and intimated his intention of re- quiring a satisfactory apology from that officer showing the reason of his absence. Our Mutual Improvement Society has not been improving in a general way lately. From some cause or another the meetings seem to have lost all their former life and interest. No doubt the time of year has something to do with it, as members living at a distance can hardly he expected to ride into town after dark to attend anything unless it were out of the common. Last evening was the one set apart for the reading of papers sent into the society's journal. Only two had been received, viz., "Plain Speaking " and " The New Customs Duties." The reading of each paper evoked a large amount of criticism. The meeting closed with prayer at the usual hour. I have to report the death of an old resi- dent of this neighbourhood in the person of Mrs. Mooney. Deceased was upwards of eighty years of age, and was the mother of Mr. Thomas Mooney, Oolong Creek, near Gunning. The remains were interred in the Roman Catholic cemetery to-day, a large number of deceased's friends following to the grave. A petition against the imposition of the ad valorem duties is lying for signature at the Commercial Stores. Judging from the num- ber of signatures already attached to it, it should ere its close assume respectable dimensions. It is the opinion of most right- thinking men that instead of fresh duties there should be reasonable and intelligently adjusted retrenchment carried out in those departments where at present money is lavishly thrown away. Some of the recent disclosures in the House call aloud for justice and reform. Fresh taxation, considering the present state of the country, in many in- stances means utter ruin. Let us have a fair retrenchment all round-no cutting down a mole-hill and at the same time raising a mountain, as it is that sort of retrenchment that has been practised of late. A great saving could be effected in various depart- ments of the public service, not so much in the reduction of the number of servants as in the economy of time and material, which in the old country is fully understood and its value appreciated; hence its fame and prosperity. It has been rumoured that a ghost was seen in a certain spot near the railway line at the unghostly hour of ten p.m. throwing stones into a waterhole, not a very pleasant pastime these cold frosty nights. The beholders of the apparition did not stay long enough to interrogate the visitor, but moved quickly in the direction .of home, as though they had forgotten something of importance. 3rd June, 1886. 