Sagacity.-Instances of the sagacity of dogs are quite innumerable. A Ma.sarchusetts papleradds one to the list, exhibiting this intelligent animal in a new capacity, that of rewsp.eer carrier. Passengers on the after noon " scct" train from Springfield may daily .witness in Westfield an instance of canine intelligence that is quite worthy togo on record. Soon after the train passes the trap-rock quarry, on the outside of the track useod by e.tward hound trains, a dog can be seen racing along with the cars until a paper is thrown off by the baggage-master. The dog instantly seizes it, and, after giving a bark of acknowledgement, trots down the enbank ment to the house of his ownernot far away. The sagacious animal is apparentlyof New. foundlaud and St. Bernard breed, and for three or four years as acted as news-carrier in the way described. Every day except Sunday, summer and winter, he goes to his post on the track at about the time the train is due, and there awaits the throwing of the paper. It is said that he not onlyknows the hour when the train should come along, but that on one day in seven there is no need of his services. Apparently the dog has also learned to know the whistle of his train from any other, for if in the road or yard when the whistle is sounded, half a mile down the track, he rushes for his station. Difficulty is a severe instructor, set over us by the supreme ordinance of a parental guardian and legislator, who knows us better than we know ourselves, and he loves us better too. IHe that wrestles with on, strengthens our nerves, and sharpens our skill. Our antagonist is our helper. This amicable conflict with difficulty obliges us to intimate acquaintance with our object, and compels us to consider it in all its rela tions. It will not suffer us to be superficial. Customs of the Omaha Indians.-The Omabas, it appears, form a nation with a considerable body of ordinances. Their su preme chief is the sacred pole." It is a cotton-tree which, wanting a ruler, they felled two hundred years ago, and, having put hair on its head, invested with authority. It is regularly greased. A prominent warrior is believed to have lost his leg from omitting to grease the pole. Scalps are offered to it. Omahas are imaginative in their names. Among them are " Rusty-yellow Corn husk," " Stomach Fat," '" Forked Lightning Walks," "She who is Returuing Bellowing," and "She who is Made Muddy as She Moves." Omaha matrimonial law is based, like that of most primitive clans, on the view that the community has all the same ancestors. An Omaha may not wed his deceased wife's sis ter unless the dying wife should have said to her brother, "Pity your brother-in-law. Let him marry my sister." Polygamy, within limits, is lawful, with the first wife's consent. A man may not lawfully speak to his wife's grandmother, So strict is the Omaha etiquette about mothers-in- law that ason-in-law will fly from the room in which his mother-in-law happens to be. Omahas are cleanly in their habits; they bathe daily. An untidy manor woman is nicknamed "The man who does not wash his hands," or "The woman who does not comb her hair." They are so redoubtable as archers that they can send an arrow right through a buffalo. They are skilful in games, one of which, described as shooting at the rolling wheel, might be popular in Europe. Dancing, however, is their favorite pastime ; and they have a variety of societies or dclubs, each of which owns a characteristic dance. There is the rare buffalo dance, danced after the recovery of a patient by doctors, who may invite members of the horse dance, and not of the wolf dance. The grizzly bear dance has not been danced for ten years. Its dancers paint their bodies yellow, and one wears a grizzly bear's skin. The scalp dance is a womans dance. In the ghost dance no woman may join. Cheer for the Bed-room.-The furniture of a country bed-room should never be heavy. Exquisite suits of common pine, covered with cretonne or sateen, are now admired more than wood; but ash, oak, or satin-wood, are still the conventional materials. Draped dressing.bureanus or "tables" are extremely pretty, They are merely pine structures covered with frills and flounces, and holding an upright mirror from which falls a sweep of effective drapery. A garniture of bows and even artificial flowers is permitted, but the latter are always in dubious taste, and better not tampered with. A bedstead of, brass or nickel, huag with white curtains, is How Salt is Made at Byracuse-The water is pumped from the wells and stored in large reservoirs, from which it is drawn of andl conveyed to the several blocks where it passes through a duct made of elm los. Upon each side of this duct are castiron ihemispherical kettles, thirty-six inches in di. ancter. These vessels extend the whole length of the buildingand are filled with the brine. The huge furnaces are then started up, and the work of evaporating goes on. The heatis driven under the kettlesbymeans of powerful blowers. The evaporation of a kettle of water takes from five to thirty hours, according to its proximity to the fire. The salt is dipped out of the kettle in oval shovels and placed in baskets, where it is al lowed to dnp for a few hours. It is then thrown into a huge bin to be removed to another building. The refuse from the evaporation is called " bittern," and is of a cialky, pasty substance. It is discharged into a wastedrain. The salt is carried into a four story build. ing, where it first passes through a solution of acids for purpose of decomposing the chlorides. This is called the washing process. The salt is then sifted to drain off the pickle. and falls into the cellar, where it remains for some time. It is shovelled into a large bin, from which it is carried in cups on a belt to a boiler twenty-six feet long. The interior of this boiler contains several spiral parti. tions running leugthwise, and upon which the salt works its wayuntil it is deposited in a bin at the other end. It becomes thoroughly dry by this process. Cups again take it and carry it to an upper floor in the building, where it goes through a sifting and grinding process. The salt intended for dairy pur poses is ground upon granite -rollers, while that fortable use passes through an ordinary flouring mill. The article is now ready for use, and all that remains is to properly prepare it for shipping. In the front of the building is a railroad track, while in the rearis the Erie ('anal. The article'is put up in bags, boxes, ant barrels. In the packing-room a num ocr of girls are emploped. In puttingup the salt they nuoally work in pairs. One girl hi.l a bag and then passes it to her com panion, who. with a few quick stitches, closes the end. They are paid from eight to twenty cents per hundred bags, according to thesize, and a smart girl can earn on an average about i dollar and aquarter a day. The article is then ready to be sent to all parts of the ,enu;ntry. It most first be inspected, and a penny duty collected for every bushel manu factured. The salt springs are all worked by private individuals, who lease the property for a term of ninety-nine years. Lightning Stroke inthe Rocky Moun tains. - The curious case of G. S. Edwards, hvi.,o wa. ruck by lightning while crossing Iron Ifill, at Leadville, Colorado, on Jnly 4 a- attracting considerable interest amnng scientific men. Aftcr the flash, Mr. Ed wards remained unconscious for fifteen minutes before receiving assistance. The ilghtning struck him on the left cheek, and after knocking out a number of his teeth a-.sed diagonally across the breast to the r;rht side. It then descended the body to the foot, emerging from the right boot. It rassed entirely through the foot, leaving a 'le similar to that made by a bullet. The 1'thing was torn into fragments, particles :ing found a distance of two hundred feet. iloth of the boots were entirely destroyed, amsl one of them carried sixty feet away. i'he ground where the man was standing was ern up for a considerable distance. The i·~urseof the electric current alongthe boly -as marked by a black and red streak one iil a half inches wide. The worst effect of he streak seems to have been on the lungs. \ severe hemorrhage was produced, by which squart of blood was lost. In addition to ' `i.e injuries, the surface of the body was rheo st covered with blisters; the result of ,ely burns. This, we believe, is the first v: hlentic record of a person being injured by izhtning at an elevation of 10,500 feet. It i. remarkable such severe internal injuries were not followed by death. The United States Commissioners are .till continuing their labors in the direction ,of acclimatisirg flatfish to American waters. rhich are nearly as well suited to the l'leurtenetcidse as English waters. teveral sttempts have been made to transmit thiem ri m England alive, but hitherto with little iccess. Information has, however, reached :l to the effect that fifty soles during last :sonth were sent by the Derby Museum i:thorities at Liverpool, twenty-five of which reached their destination alive. Prof. Baird, the Chief Commissioner. states that the fish are in a thriving condition and feed well. They have been placed in a suitable habitat at Washington Station, and are being watched with special care. The soles, which are about three inches long, were transmitted in glass globes attached to the ceiling of the cabin of the S.S. Britannic. This method minimises the risk of injury to the fish throbgh the oscillation of the vessel, as the receptacles tieing swung, more backwards and forwards with the motion of the steamer. The National Fish Culture Association intend forwarding to America another consignment of flatfish next mouth in order to assist the operations of the Commissioners. The sole is a very delicate fish, and cannot withstand the strain of protracted journeys. During a severe thunderstorm whitc passed over Central Norway recently a re markable example of the power of lightning was witnessed. In a field at Liiten a fir-tree 80 feet in height- was struck by lightning some 12 feet from the ground, with the effect that the tree was cut in halves and the upper portion-about 60 feet in length-thrown a distance of several yards. The most curious part, is, however, that the surface of the detached part is as smooth as if the tree had been sawn through, whilst that of the stump remaining in the ground is jagge l, char:ed, and splintered to the root. The ground around the tree is furrowed in all directions, one being several feet in width aod depth, and extending for some 10 yards. A spruce tree close by shows a furrow an inch in width running from a height of 6 feet down to the root. Sea Water as a Preservative.-The Vigo Bay Treasure C'omnpany, of Londcn, lately received a curious collection of articles taken from the treasure eat!leons sunk in the harbor of Vigo, Spain, 1702. There are spe cimens of logwoixl and mahbogay that in spite of their 105 years'submersion, are in perfect state of preservation. Dyers who hare experimented with the lurwi-,Ot state It is even better fir dyein. purs??es thanthe I wood now imported. The mahogany, too, is i very fine and solid. One log has arrived 12 feet longandt 22 by 23 incies square, whlich is now being sawed up to be uscd in the manufacture of furniture and walking sticks for momentoes. Thechief curiosity, how ever, is an ancient pulley block, 4 feet hi~gh by 3 feet broad. with four solid cpiper sheaves, 18 inches in diameter. It is ef slid oak, and was probably used in hoituin heavyi articles of merchalnllse or thel anchrs. The wood is perfectly presrve l, but an irin band is completely corrl-ted awayu . while the cop per wheels are only slig-itly oxidized. Mr. 0. A. Wheeler, Swindon, girts the following remedy fr earts on the h:andsa of, milkers. Night and mrninng apply a sturar ed solution of salt in brown pickling vinc-ar, Let the owner of the hand take a pint ottele nearly filled with best brown pickling vine gar: drop in a little table 'alt, shake, and and more; continue this till the vinear wilr not take up more. The application may be at any convenient timne-twioe or thrice daatly. There is but one thing without honor i; smitten with eterual barrenness, inability to do or to Ire. insincerity, unillief. HIe who believes nitlhin:. wht believes only thle slhow of things, is not in relation with nature or 'fact at all. 