Tee general election is now upon us, and it behoves the electors to judiciously use the powers and responsibility which the State has conferred upon them. Under ordinary circumstances, a general election gives no tenure w» i-ue uieuiuers reburuca, and a dissolution of Parliament may consign them to oblivion within a. week ; but in the present case things are reversed, and the members re turned will spend three undisturbed years in the Assembly. Representa tives from the ' Age' and the ' Daily Telegraph' compose one-half the Ministry ; and these two journals can and will keep the Coalition hybrid in power as long as they please. Such being the case, the electors should use more than ordinary judgment in chos ing .their representatives. For Dalhotfsie, Messrs Bnfly and Sands are the only candidates, so that there should net be much difficulty in making a choice. The latter was in Parliament a good many years ago ; and his political career was a dis astrous failure. He is now an old man with little political experience, so that even if he were returned, it is only logical to 60.rm.ise he would find himself behind the present times, and consequently the reverse of a useful and energetic member. Mr Dofiy, on the other hand is a constitutional lawyer, an able politician, and a man whose whole Parliamentary career has been a thorough success. He has a large amount of influence on both sides of the House ; he thoroughly understands the requirements of the district ; he is a courteous and ener getic business oaan ; in fact he posses ses every qualification necessary for a country representative, and should find himself returned by a sweeping majority if the electors should vote only for the best man. In Kil more and Anglesey the contest is also confined to two aspirants, Messrs Hunt and Elleker. Mr Elleker appears to base his claim for Parliamentary honors on the fact that he considers the Education Act a perfect measure ! But the ambitious aspirant shonld inform the electors why he raise* this parrot-like cry ! Mr Hunt has no earthly desire to interfere witb the Act ; in fact he has over and over again expressed his approval of the measure. Mr Elleker must know thoroughly well that there are no passible chances of the Education Act being in »ny way interfered with so long a? the country pronounces in its favor, so that the electors would do well to rub the paragraph concerning it out of his address. Tf fhp.v An nn they will find very little else to recom mend him as a member of the Assembly. Mr Hunt on the contrary has every thing to recommend him as a repre sentative of the people. He is always ready to assist on elector in having a grievance removed ; he has obtained more in the way of special subsidies for the Broadford, Kilmore and Yea councils than any other member in the colony. His own interests are wound np with those of his constituents, and unless we mistake very much they will acknowledge the fact by returning him by a majority of two to one. A special train for Albury and all intermediate stations will leave Mel. bourneatl0.10p.ni. on Saturday next in order to convey visitors from the Champion meeting. We would draw the attention of the Tallaiook members of the shire council to the condition of the road about two miles beyond Junes* Hotel. Inhalfa dozen places there are deep ruts right ecmra the tract, so that careful driving alone pre vent accidents. Shonld a mishap occur under these circumstances it u scarcely necessary to add that the ratepayers' pockefa will suffer. According to a notice published in lost issue of the 'Government Gazette,' a. licensing court is to be held in Seymour every Tuesday ! The veracious chronicler of small beer who supplied the informa tion, however, does not say when the sittings are to commence, bo that we are more in the dark than ever. The new Licensing Act is the outcome of ignorant bigotry, and like all such meas %XM.%je XB J.UUUU AAJ UCIUUE liV U1C U4OV No less than fifty-six military dis missals announced in last issue 'of the Government organ. JL'he staff will soon have an easy and rosy billet at this rate ; but, of course, the original farce will be re-enacted, and another lot of feather bed warriors enrolled tbe next time a Russian war steamer visits Hobson's Bay. still the medical men of the Central Board of Health stultify themselves into the delusion that it is not a malignant disease. The old adage 'Doctors differ, while the patient dies' was never more painfully verified. Following notices are from the 'Gazette.' — Applications refused. — P. Barret, 560a, Glenaroua, ; J. Stewart, 675a. Bftilieston ; C. Eickhart. 750a, Packapunyal ; 3. B. Goodear, C70a, Dropmore ; B. Tokin, 430a, Clonbinane ; W. Oliver, 500a. Mitchell. Transfer.— Theyre Wcigall, 3?0a, Pranjip to J. Wicktng; J. Williamson, 158a, Wind ham to R. Williamson ; D. M'Leod, 79a, Broadford to K. M'Kenzie. New leases. — D. Patterson, 129a, Glenaroua ; Iff. White, 48a, Glenburnie; J. Smith, 76a. Broadford ; E. Jibbs, 232a, Fiower dale ; C. Teakle, 162a, Glenburnie. We would as an act of humanity draw the attention of the police to the brutal manner in which some working bullocks in the district are scared and mangled by their unfeeling drivers. Unfortunate beasts occasionally pass through the town in a. condition which would lead a stranger I to infer that ?? the Society tor Prevention , of Cruelty to Animals' is a myth, and that Victorian beasts of burden belong J to a species unknown in any other part | of the world. Cn the other hand, we are glad to be able to add that the majority of teams in the district are a credit to owners and drivers alike. No less than four snakes have been killed in the town during the past few I days. Mr EL Boyle dispatched a carpet I snake in a storeroom behind the bakery ; Mr Wright cut the head of one of the black species while it was engaged in sampling a bottle of ale in the Brewery ; aswagmen killed another of the same species on the steps of the Free Library, and Mr Perron found a tiger snake snugly coiled up under the grate in the dining room. He didu't kill the reptile, but he called the billiard marker and had it pounded into jelly under his own im mediate supervision, which answered just as well, and was not attended with the slightest risk. Elsewhere a respected correspondent draws attention to the fact that a few persons in the neighborhood of the rail way station have started an Orange Lod^e. Of course this is a free country, and every one has a right to do just as he pleases, but at the same time we can not but protest against this illtimed attempt t' sow discord and foBter re ligious bigotry in a community where the residents have hitherto lived in friendship and harmony, irrespective of creed,, country or color. We sincerely truitthat every intelligent and broad minded person in the district will emphatically and unmistakeably condemn this first introduction of sectarian discord amongst us, and show the promoters that bigotry and intelligence cannot go very well together. Looking at the matter from nn impartial standpoint we would ask what is the necessity for any secret societies in a free community like ours ? If secret societies are (started for the purpose of doing good, the promoters cast an unnecessary cloak of mystery and buffoonery round themselves, as good or charitable works need not be hidden from the light of day. If on the other hand there is an ulterior motive skulking in the back-ground, the members of that body are unworthy of the glorious privi leges of a free country. In aid of the grand stand lately erected given by the Snowflake MinBtrels, in the Assembly Hall on race night, February 24\. The attendance, we regret to say, was pot up to expectations, which was no doubt due to WalhalU Bros., circus being in the town. The programme opened with a transformation scene, with lime-light effects, and was much admired by those present. A Christy minstrel concert followed : — Bones : 5tr Brown ; Interlocutor : Mr Crowley ; Tambo : Mr W. O'Callsghan, Messrs Silk, H. Wallder, A. Groat and F. Taylor forming the circle. An opening chorus by the Snow flakes, was followed by each mem\\-er of the company contributing his number in a creditable manner. The first part concluded with the laughable force 'That 'ere Ghost,'- by Messrs Brown and O'CaHaghan. The second portion consisted of a ballad concert Mr EL Wallder «ang ' Good Hhine Wine,' with excellent effect, and was followed by Mr Crowley. with 'Marriage Bells,' Mr Dodd then gave an exhibition of dog dancing, in an easy and graceful manner, and was loudly applauded. 'Sweet Home,' by Mr Silk, was the next number, but the song did not suit the vocalists powers. Mr W. O'CaHaghan, with ' Miss Hooligan's Christmas Cake'* was vociferously encored, and in response he sang 'Miss Brady's Pianofortay.' Mr A. Groat contributed ' 'Mary of Argyle' in good style, and Mr Brown danced a sailors hornpipe, in costume, to the satisfaction of those present. Mr F. Taylor sang ' The Midshipmite' success fully, and Mr Crowley followed with the recitation 'How we beat the Favorite.' The whole concluded with the well-known farce 'Slocum's Dog' sustained by Mesras F. Taylor, A. Groat, H. W. Jones, and W. O'CaHaghan. The bestthankBof the club are due to the hitter gentleman, who did his utmost to make the entertainment a financial Bucoass. If yon want a Brummagem instrument at ten or fifteen pounds ovei its value, don't call on W. H. Tristan.— {Adtt.] 