Sunshine and SIadow. A TALE OF THE EARLY DAYS. Bl PHECY CHABLES THORPE. It was night time, and a silence as of death reigned over the weird Australian bush. The moon shone brightly, disclosing here the gnarled trunks of the aged gum- trees, and there the forms of the tiny saplings just springing forth into life. Here again the moonbeams rested upon huge granite boul ders piled one upon another in promiscuonus grandeur, and there again they kissed the whispering leaves. Scarcely a sound broke in upon thie qcuietccss of the night, save that, nor and again, with solemn regularity and distinctness, tice curlew raised its plain tive note. The myriad voices of the mystical forest were almost all hushed in the oblivion of sleep. On a small cleared space, strongly girt about and guarded by huge eucalyptus trees, a company of blacks were assembled in cooncil. Their dusky forms were easily dis cernible by the bright moonlight; but they had chosen their council-ground in the al most impenetrable fastnesses of the bush, and well knew that they were safe from molestation of any kind. In their midst stood their leader, a man of powerful frame but small stature. He was engagad in haranguing his followers, and every now and sgain, as if by way of emphasis, would fourish his spear high in the air. At last his speech was ended, and with a final ourinsh of his weapon, amid grunts of ap proral from his mene, he left the spot, fol lowed shortly afterwards by the dusky -arriors. Scarcely were they out of sight before the igure of a white man emerged from the dense undergrowth of scrub. Muttering to himself,he surveyed the council ground, and then disappeared as suddenly as the blacks had done. Dark clouds now began to career across the face uf the sky, and the livid lightning ever and anon lit up the heavens. The thun derng artillery boomed forth across the gathering mass of darkness, and great drops of rain began to sprinkle the parched ground. The transformation of the scene from quietness to uproar, from seeming harmless ness to apparent might, was sudden as it was awful. The fierce thunderstorm in all its fury seept through the Australian bush, Twelve o'clock struck in loIud clea tones trom the large clock in the hall of the Glenlyon homestead. Everything was quiet within the house. The storm had almost spent its fury; but a dark pall was cast over the sky, and the low wailing of the wind as it crept around the building sounded sad and mournful. But could the eye of man pierce the sur raunoding gloom, those same dusky forms might be seen moving cautiously and stealthily about, now skirting the black edge of the hush, and then disappearing suddenly amidst its dim recesses, In this manner they swiftly approached the quiet homestead, whose inhabitants slept peacefully on, totally unconscious of the fact that upon hands and knees, like the wild karngaroos of the surrounding bush, that fierce company of natives wan even now sur rounding the house. The clock in the hall chimed the half hour, the signal was given, and that black mass of humanity moved from its ambush. Fierce war-cries, rehearsed at many a wild "eorroboree" held in the deepest and gloomiest recesses of the bush, now pierced soand rudely woke the slumbering echoes of its glades. But soon those cries of antici psted triumph were drowned in shouts of pain and rage. The attack had been anticipated, and a band of white men emerging from one of the outbuildings hard by soon routed and put to flight the disappointed and enraged warniors. The leader of that band was the Same man who hut a short time previously had so mysteriously and suddenly appeared upon ihe vacant council-ground of the war. like blacks. His name was Jack Thornton. A few years previously he had left the shores of old England to seek his fortune in the Sunny South, accompanied by an old friend, Fred Raymond, who was on a like purpose bent. Blt the latter had suddenly given up his Position as sub- overseer to Glenylon without eoticeof any kind and returned to his na tire land. The only message left by him a~ contained in a note which he wrote to Jack Thornton, informing him that he had leift the place for good to return to England, hot assigning no reason whatever for so sud den a departure. But it was easily seen that Jack was not so very sorry at this traleage freak of his friend's, for it left the eld open to him to carry on his wooing of Pretty Kate the daughter of Donald Mac Pheron, the owner of Glenlyon. t was well known among the sparse Ppulation of that district that Fred Ray mond had fixed his hopes upon the saame POUng lady, and it was gen, racl n:.lciow lodged that his attachnenet scemeed co ibe ru lprocaued HeInce his sudden disal,, onruce| Srebndered the more strange:and unae tonnisble. For many months Kate MIacPherson had mourned his absence more deeply than she raedltoshow; but nevertheless, her occa inal silence and moodiness were frequently remrtked. It was clear also that she felt 0se1 y his omission to send her any gmse whatever. But as the weeks and onthb rolled by she made an effort to throw ands epresseon, and appeared brighter horfm cheerful, and in short more like "'0rm'm self. fI0rmly was Jack Thornton shaken by thb eaod, after the repulse of the attack and last black foterm had bounded from the l by the brave and hardy MacPherson tdth other inmates of the house. Con eotul?ations and blessings upon him as their deliverer were uttered by the women folk nrenbt. But the fervent pressure of his anee y Kate MlacPherson was to him the hopEeetest thing of all, for it conveyed the Sore that at some future day, perhaps not aiur rm distante he might be able to 'L nor as his bride. lond that happy dany did come, too. Fora on hme Jack Thornton had wooed, and woa e won the fairest and sweetest rose in :awild mountain region in the person of enny wate MacPhersn. They w ere married when the wattle trees nerputting forth their golden blossoms, fu mue usr was laden with their sweet per iam the Kate knew well her father's wishes Shld matter; his great desire was that she pa.: e the wife of their deliverer. The of cg years had brought nonews whatever reottd Raymond, and he was almost for hoten, save by one, in a deep corner of h eart fond memories of that name o ever rest. beveral years of married happiness passed b?and ?rought with them a little Johnnie ar laue to cheer. the home with their ry ughter and the music of their pat td h: ose were happy days to all. hn.- CUan t first no bigger than a man's p, peared on the dormestic horizon, and, growinrg arher amld large9,. at length cast a mighty cloud over the little home. Jack Thornton's character seemed to change marvellously. The once happy and lively man, so vivacious and full of animal spirits, now grew pensive and sad. His wife noticed with sorrow the frequent state of moodiness into which he fell, and all her questioning could draw from him no other replythan, that "itwas nothing; he was only thinking." But what those thoughts were that so depressed him she could never discover. For her sake he then strove to assume a more cheerful demeanor, and it was only when alone that the same troubled look would cross his face and his brow be came clouded. But patient and loving Kate knew that there was buried in his heart some unwelcome secret which thus disturbed his peace. He was a kind and loving hus-. band and father, and but for this one trial those days would have indeed been happy ones. For a time the old cheerfulness of the home seemed to return again, but, alas I only for a time, and that a short one. The fierce thunderclap that burst over the little home was sudden as it was awful. One morning Jack went forth to his ac customed duties on the station in the full blush of health, and in the evening his life less body was carried back. Whilst gather ing in the cattle for the night his horse had tripped and fallen, and, good horseman though he was, had thrown him violently headforemost upon the rough and jagged edge of a weather-beaten stump. Death was instantaneous. No warning voice told him of the awful change that was so soon and suddenly to take place. In one brief moment the strong and agile man was held in the cold embrace of Death. Wild and passionate was Kate Thornton's grief, and though several months passed quickly away her sorrow was as intense as ever. But the necessity of investigating her deceased husband's affairs was at length forced upon her. She put off the search as long as possible, but at length made the effort and unlocked his private drawer. The first thing which met her eyes was an enve lope addressed to her, containing a key with a short memorandum attached to it, direct ing her to unlock with it a secret drawer let into the bottom of a larger one. This she did, and with trembling bands lifted out a paper addressed to her in the well-known handwriting. Without a movement of her pale face she read the strange and ghastly confession through. Not once did she raise her eyes from the manuscript that so fascinated and rivetted their attention. On and on, slowly and deliberately, she read in the dim twi light: "Before the evening lamps were lighted, and like phantoms grim and tall, shadows from the fitful firelight danced upon the parlor wall." But when the last word had been scanned, and she saw once again that well-known signature, "Jno. Thornton," at the foot of the document she fell senseless upon the ground. " My dearest wife," it ran, "surprised and aghast as you will be when you read this confession, I have only one favor to ask, and that is, remember that he who sinned thus is dead and gone. "The awful secret which has remained buried in the depths of my heart, and which has cast so great a gloom over my married life, is now to be revealed to you. "Often and often have you enquired of me the reason for that constant gloominess and depression which hung over me like a clond. But I was not going to render your married life as miserable as mine, and so resolved to disclose the secret only by the means of this manuscript, to be opened after my death. The confession has to be made sooner or later. Is it not better that you should know the whole of the dreadful truth from me, than that you should first learn of it in the great Hereafter, when you pass away in the vain hope of meeting me again ? "A dark blot is on my soul, which shall re main there through all eternity. I have wrecked my hope of Heaven and am lost. Loathe me as I deserve, upbraid me if you will, but at any rate pity me in my lost con dition. "I am a murderer I a murderer I Yes I the very hands that write these fearful words, and have so often stroked your glossy hair, are red with the blood of a fellow man, and that man is Fred Raymondl The life of my dearest friend was taken away by my own accursed hand. Would that I could have held it out in the burning flames, as Cranmer did of old, before it wrought the fearful deed. "I was jealous of him, for I feared that he would win you from me. And as the time flew by my fears increased and my jealousy grew space. I could see your eye brighten, and a deep blush overspread your cheek, whenever he approached; but, strive as hard as I possibly could to ingratiate myself into your favor, those precious signs of love were very seldom vouchsafed to me. " At last it was easily seen, by even the most disinterested, that an engagement be tween Fred Raymond and yourself could not be very far distant. At such a thought the flame of jealousy grew fiercer and yet fiercer in my soul. A" ungovernable and demonia calfury took possession of me, and goaded me on to the performance of desperate deeds. I thought no man could love as I loved, for an unquenchable passion raged within my breast. At all hazards I determined to win your love. "One summer's evening-ah I how well I remember it, for it was the birthday of my awful sin-I met Fred Raymond, by appoint ment, in a dim recess of the bush. I had told him that I wished to speak a few words pri vately on. a most. important subject. He came; but little did he think of the fiendish design concealed within my breast. I con fessed my love~for yes, and pleaded my pas sion in a voice trembling with emotion. I could see that he was moved; bht was not his love as deep and strong as mine, and why should he gie it up for my sake ? I was mad, and never gave a thought to that; selfishly and blindly thinking only of myself. "I pleaded on and on, but in vain; and now I could hear the demon Hatred's fiendish launghter in my ear. Like a swollen mountain tocrrent the streams of love rolled and dashed tempestuously through my soul. Louder and more satanic grew that awful mirth, broader and deeper grew that roaring flood until my brain was on fire, andmy soul filled with wrath. "The culminating point was reached. I grasped my pistol, pointed it at him, and, with a hand trembling with suppressed anger, pulled the trigger. He fell heavily upon the dead gum leaves which strewed the ground. The deed was done. The unpitying moon gazed coldly on the slain. I fled hastily from the spot, while the mopoke's melancholy cry echoed in my ears., The gnarled and ghost- like arms of the huge gum trees were stretched- out as if to stay me in my flight. I wasmadI mad I mad I - "Let me draw this tale of horror to a close. It is said that the criminal is attached, by a strange yet strong fascination, to the scenes of his misdeeds. So it was with me. But Nature placed her barriers in the way. That same mnight the reservoirs of heaven were opened, and the rain descended in torrents, ausing e'a of the mort'diuastro foode in the history of the colony, to overspread the land. When,again, some weeks after I sought the spot the body was gone. But I was cool enough now, and reasoned calmly. To me it was like the sudden hush which prevails after a thunderstorm has rent the heavens. I wrote a fictitious letter purporting to be from Fred Raymond, and although his alleged de parture was so sudden, the veracity of the note was never challenged. "The rest is known to you. Why should I dwell longer on the dreadful theme! I won my prize, but at what cost ? Ah I thou sands of times have I repented the misery thus brought on you by me, and the deepest agony has racked, and will always rack my soul throughout the whole of my married life. My soul has, indeed, put on sackcloth and ashes. "May the All-Merciful and Gracious God protect you and your little ones from every danger." One month passed quickly away, and Kate Thornton sat again in that same room. The space intervening between the finding of the manuscript and the present time had been one of great mental anguish to her. She had been much prostrated by the great and sud. den shock. Troublesome and perplexing thoughts passed through her brain. Resolves, necessary though disagreeable, had to be made. The confession must be put into the hands of the police. Justice and truth demanded that the whole ghastly secret should be revealed. But oh I the agony, theburning shame, of confes sing herself as the wife of the murderer. But she cared not so much for herself as for her children. And thus she pondered the matter over, until wearied and dejected she sank into a troubled sleep. But bark I What sounds are those arising from that small collection of shanties yonder, which forms the nucleus of a rising town. Shouts of mirth and rejoicing proceed from rough bushmen. Three lusty cheers are given, and a small procession of these sons of toil move over the dark- strewed ground, carrying a man aloft in their midst. It was none other than Fred Raymond, whose supposed tragic end has been recorded. AN EVEN THING. t SHE (strict, but stylish)-" Oh ! John, that horrid tobacco again. You should think more of : the serious aspects of life, and of your future. Hflow would an angel, for instance, seem, appearing S with a pipe in its mouth I" HE-" "Almost as ridiculous as it would look in an improver and high.heeled boots." The rest is soon told. He had only been wounded.in the arm from the pistol shot. A?nd the great nobleness and unselfishness of his character shone forth when he con fessed that he had left the spot and gone to other lands, rather than that his old friend Jack Thornton should bear the mortification of having the memory of his sin ever before him. He made this great sacrifice, feeling certliu that the future happiness of Kate would be assured in Jack's hands, for it was but in a momentary fit of passion that the deed had been committed. te had written a letter to Jack explaining all, but this, of course, through some inex plicable reason, had never reached its destina tion. Having seen the announcement of his death in a Home paper, he had hastily re turned to sunny Victoria to see if the sorrow of Kate and himself might not be merged in the joy of their marriage. And so it was des tined to be. And now the sun of domestic peace and happiness shone brightly into that little cottage-home amongst the mountain ranges of northern Victoria. And although each life had its shadow, it had its sunshine too. 