Turf Notes. [By ' Hippabion.'] I Sixteen for the 300 sovs. J. C. Hancftaap, 19 for the Millchester, 22 for the Flying, 23 for the Miner's Puree, 9 for the Corin thian, 7 for the Hurdles, and 10 for the Bracelet ; but the quality is poor. Tbe South is represented by His Worship, Wollonsong, and Orphan Boy, the pick of the Northern horses being Richmond Gem, Newboit, Chelsea, Minorah, and perhaps best of all California. Rockhampton Tattersall's races come off thiB month— July, entries for the handicaps were due on Monday. The bill for legalising the Totalisator once more in South Australia is said to be likely to pass the Lower House, but to be thrown out by tbe old ladies of the Upper 'Ouse, and the day is probably uot distant when the ' instrument' will be UBed iu N. S. Wales. Hilltop by Maribyrnong— Lady Bel more, who, it may be remembered, ran second to J. Finnie's Goldflnder, at 2 years old, for a couple of juvenile stakeB at Rockhampton in 18S1, won the Hurdle Race, 9st. 131bs., at tlie Beudigo J. C. meeting at Sandhurst, (Victoria). Mr. M. Jacobs, his present owner, paid 800gs. for him a couple of seasons ago. The racehorse Tom Brown is to be schooled for Hurdle racing; if he takes kindly to the game he should be almost invincible. A mistake in the telegrams from Eng land or in the reading of tbem in Aus tralia, returned Riversdale, The Bard, and Eastern Emperor as the placed horses in the Wjitsuntide Plate of 20C3 sovs. This race, which last year wbb won by Tbe Bard's stable companion Philosophy, is limited to 2 year olds. The race for which the horses named were placed, was the Manchester Cup of 2000 sovs., won by Sir R. Jardine's b. c. Riversdale, by Tynedale, (sire of Border Minstrel) out of Lotus, 3 yrs., 5st. 71bs., with The Bard, 3 yrs., 7st. lllbs., second, and Eastern Emperor, 5 yrs., (winner of the Chester Cup) 8st. olbs., third. Distance, one mile and three quarters. Tynedale is a sou of Rataplan, Stockwell's brother. ' New Warrior' iuthe Sydney Tribune of 26t.li iust , sayB : — The fact of both Darebin and Vespasian being placed in Mr. Clibborn's hands for sale does not augur well for turf a&airs; in Queensland, where good horses are just uow the ex ception, and should they find purchasers the Grange stud will probably soon be come a thing of the past. Vesnasian has already made a name for himself as a sire of winners, and the foals claiming parent age of the Sydney Cup winner are so full of promise that it will be more than strange should they fail to add still further to his reputation. The Governor of N. S. Wales seems to mean business on the turf in that colony. Mr. Day, his Excellency's veterinary Burgeon, is bringing out three carriage horses for his master and a light- weight jockey named Whiting, said to be under engagement as first mount to the Go vernor. The great Breeder's Produce Stakes of 1000 sovs., at Kempton Park, England, for 2 year olds, was won by Charlie Wood oil Vatican, by Peter (son of Hermit) out of Bella, by Bredalhaue. Peter may be remembered by students of English records as the capricious wonder of bis year, who, in the middle of a mile race, in which he was opposed by thespeediest horses iu England, found time to stop and kick, go on agaiu at Archer's solicita tion, and win it with something to spare. For this 2 year old race, the Duke of Westminster's Red Cross, by Bend Or, with Archer up, started favourite, but did not get a place. The graud prize of 1000 sovs. at tbe same meeting, for 3 year olds, was won by Lord Calthorpe's Scherzo, ridden by T. Caunon, and got by Galopiu out of Beustring. The Duchess of Montrose (Mr. Manton) intends to reduce her racing stud. Archer, Wood, Barrett, and Watts were fined £5 each at Chester for dis obedience to the starter, Lord Marcus Beresford. Mr. W. H. Kent's yearling colt, bred at the Grange, by Darebin out of Stockdove, iB to be sent down to Sydney for sale. Adamantea's brother Adam, who ran second to B.Y. in the Q.T.C. Hamilton Plate, is handicapped at 6 st. 11 lb. in the 1J mile Handicap, and 6 st. 7 lb. in 2 mile ditto at the Clarence River Jockey Club meeting, Aga's weight is 8 st. 9 lb. and 8 st. 6 lb. respectively. Sydney Tattersalls Club advertise a big new 500 sov. stakes for two-year-olds to be run at the Aunual meeting ou January 1st. It is almost unnecessary to say that the race is styled the Lady CarriugUm Plate. Typical programme at Randwick be fore very long — a two days meeting First Day. Tbe Lord Carringtou Plate of 100 sovs. His Excellency's stakes of 10 sovs. each with 200 bovs. added. The Lady Carringtou Stakes of500 sovs. Her Excellency's Plate of 100 sovs. The Carrington Junior Stakes of 100 sovs. The Hon. Young Carrington's Plate. Second Day. Lord Carrington's Butler Stakes of 10 sovs. each. Lady Carrington's Maiden Stakes of 1000 sovs. etc. His Excellency's Footman's Plate. Her Excellency's Governors' Stakes. The Vice Regal Closet Plate. ' The Vice Regal Ancestors Stakes, etc., Gladstone races are billed for Thurs day, July 22. Nominations for the T. C. handicap of 20 sovs. 1} miles and the Publicans Purse of 15 sovs. 1) mile, close on July 12. General entry on July 21. His Worship is to have a spell for three months before going into work again, and Mr. Burton, his owDer, has left the horse in the good care of a Wide Bay squatter who has good paddocks and a ainfWfl likitify for A ffnnd hOFSB. The ' faw pooh's' of the sporting editor of the Courier are proverbial, but on Saturday morning be out-'^pegged' himself by allowing tbe following start ling message to appear in its telegraphic columns Mackay, July 2nd. Following are the results of to-day's racing : — Turf Club Handicap.— Wollonpong, 1 ; Newbold, g ; Ringwood, 3 ; Gambler, 0. Ladies' Purse.-^Wollongong, 1 ; Tramp 2; Orphan Boy, 3. Jfewbold, Omeo, and Substitute also ran. Pioneer Handicap. — Wollongong, 1: Newbolt, 2 ; Ringwood, 3. Gambler and Substitute also ran. All Aged Stakes.— Wollongong, 1; Tramp, 2 ; Ophan Boy, 3. Constance, Newbolt, Omeo, and Substitute also ran. Flying Handicap. — Wollongong, 1 : Omeo, 2 ; Gambler, 3. Substitute and 'Substitute also ran.' Mackay Races don't come off till this week, i-e., July 7, 8, so the ' results » were rather startling to readers of the Courier on the morning of July 3rd. Still so well informed a journal, it was thought, would not be likely to publish a telegram jt bad not received, and down pere, when the news was repeated in the Ob server, noq-r»ctng men began to think the races were really ruff, and were lost , in admiration pf Wollongong's brilliant and unprecedented record of five races off the reel. ' It's a pleasure to see Barring ton Witt a good horse at last,' said one. j ' Yes, but be must bave been running. him crooked down here, where he never ran forward, you know.' ' Well, any how,' said a third, 'it's a wonderful record, though it must have taken a good deal out of him, I fancy, and he'll hardly win at the Towers.' The solution of the mystery is simple. The acceptances, etc., for certain of the Mackay events—due on July 1st — were wired to the Courier on the 2nd. The genius in charge of tbe sporting depart ment evolved the ' results from his own fertile brain aud ' placed' the horses in the order in which their names oc curred iu the telegram. The Telegraph's triumph over the Obmrver's fall is amus ing, as it was tbe merest accident the pious peun'orth did not copy the tele gram from that morning's Courier and publish it as from ' our own correspon dent.' But the sneers and jeers of tbe fellow ' higher up the street ' are none the less galling to tbe ' leading' sporting journal of Queensland. Owners are retniuded that nominations for the Queensland Turf Club Handicap of 200 sovs. are due on Tuesday week, July 20th. At Clermont Mr. Higson, M.L, A., who has for years been an ardent follower of the turf, like other statesmen. Lords Derby, Hartington, and George Bentick managed to pull off the Clermont Handicap with Navigator, a son of Westminster, his dam's pedigree uu known, who run or is said to bave run the mile and a-half over heavy ground in the good time of 2m. 45 sees., and the geuial member's other string, Glaston bury, won tbe Bracelet, but over 2 miles on the second day Navigator was ' no use' to Wollongong, the bookmaker's horse, who won the P.D.T.C. handicap comfortably. At the Maryborough races, fields throughout were small, and tbe two principal handicaps were reduced each to a match between two horses, although tbe entries were bigger, perhaps, than ever before, and tbe weights were not unfairly adjusted. The number of horses at the meeting, including the district representatives, was small, aud though the racing appears to have been good and ge nuine, the changes were neces sarily rung too often upon the same horses. No doubt the weather, which caused the postponement of the Gympie races, had something to do with reducing the fields, and also tbe necessary publica tion of the weights before Gympie results were known, but even without the post ponement, I doubt if the number of starters or acceptors would have been much bigger, and in fact uutil prizes are made very much bigger, I don't think racing in Maryborough will ever take root, or draw visitors. Owners, unless they have a string of horses, can only go for a very limited number of races, and to win one or even two of such prizes, bar the 100 sovs., as Maryborough gives away, barely pays expenses, whilst if they taketwoorthreehorsesup, 'sweep- ing the board' hardly recoups them their outlay for travelling. I was glad to hear of Mr. H. Hunter's four victories, as he is just tbe kind of sportsman that Queensland wants. He has the ' makiogs' of a great burse I feel sure in his two-yenr-old colt Theorist, who is by Wellington out of Theorem, by King Alfred (imp.) out of Proposition, dam of Amendment and the Adelaide Cup horse Euclid. Vainbope sustained his first reverse in the All Aged Stakes, but subsequent as well as previous runuing served to show that there was a mistake somewhere in that race. Stockwell's graudson Stockman, turned the tables on Eudymion in tbe Hack Handicap, aud ihe latter had to give way to the Carwoola gelding' Dynamite, before whom better horses however have gone down before now. Exeter seems to be running himself into form again, for he followed up his Tiaro win by another in the race for Mr. Ravenbill's Cup. Although over 2 st. bad failed to bring Jessica within cooey of My Love over a mile and three-quarters at Gympie, tbe daughter of Kelpie managed to heat Mr. Finnie's mare in the Town Plate at Mary borough, the distance being reduced by half a mile, and My Love conceding nearer three stone than two. But Mr. Elliott's mare, properly placed, has some form, as indeed from her breeding she ought to bave, and will probably win a lot of races yet for so plucky and enthu siastic a devotee of racing as Mr. Elliott. His successes with Jessica may inducu him to get something better. Entries for tbe Q.T.C. Spring Saplings '86, Derby '87, and St. Leger '88, for now yearlings, will be received up to July 30, the time being extended to that date from June 30. George Markham is getting too portly to ride, but he loves a hurdle race as dearly as he did in the days when the grey Tallboys was a crack jumper iu Wide Bay, and the victory of Shamrock in the hurdle race at Tiaro was greeted with an enthusiasm tbatshowed George's popularity is not yet on the waue. Frauk Ravenbil'l races for love and not for lucre, and though the prizes were not of very much account, the brace of victories achieved by his filly Lauristina were as dear to his heart as if the daugher had filled bis exchequer twice over. The ardent W. C. Wilson, too, had a couple of throws in with the Carwoola gelding Dynamite, ridden by himself, and Wetberoudale's half-brother Sutler. Ben Micklethewait rode Ganymede in the Corinthian for Henry Crank, and might have won had bis horse gone a little faster, or had the rider thought of 'challenging' before Dynamite passed the post. Exeter seems to have won the Tiaro Handicap 'all the way,' and Bachelor, who failed to give him a stone, cannot be very much of a bargain, I fear, to Mr. D'Arcy. The Derby colt. Spar rowhawk, won the half-mile spin, after a closer race, however, with Exeter than most people thought tbe erratic son of Westminster capable of making it. On the whole the meeting appears to nave been a very successful one, and will induce the Club to repeat the effort next year. The Grand Hotel has unequalled bal cony accommodation, free from the sun. fine view of river. Ghosts.— An attempt is being made in the old coontry to revive the belief in visitant from another world, and many are the wonder ful stories that fill some of the jonrnalf. The sceptical mind is, however, inclined to adopt Scrooge's remark to Marley's ghost : ' How do I know that yon are not a bit of undigested bread t' for, of all the ghost producers, a bitof ' heavy' bread is the moat potent. It is a wor ? der, therefore, that people do not adopt the sorest spell against ghosts by asing Borwick's Gold Medal Baking Powder in making bread : for, although it wont 'raise ghosts,' it will raise bread in the most admiiable fashion. Bvary wise storekeeper has it by him, ard very good bouse vise bujfl it. ADVICE TO MotheesI— Are yon broken in yonr rest by a sick child Buffering with the pain of cuttingteeth ? (Jo at once tp a chemist and get a bottle of ftfas. WiifSLOw'6 Soothing Sybup. It will relive the poor Batterer im mediately. It is perfectly harmless and pleas ant to taste, it produces natural, quiet sleep, by relieving the child from pain, and tbe little chernb awakes 'as bright as a button.' It eotheB tbe child, it softens the gums, allays all pain, relieves wind, regulates the bowels, and is the best known remedy for dysentery and diarrhqaa, whether arUhtg trpm teething or other causes. Mrs. winelow's Soothing Syrup is sold by Medicine dealers everywhere at li ltd, per bottle. 