CONSTITUTIONAL GOVERNMENT. Ik one State on the Australian continent, Contitutional Government has not yet been tried, and apparently there is no immediate prospect of any experiment in this direction heinj* made Western Australia is still blessed, or cursed — it is difficult to say which — with a mongrel system of administration, in which the nation has hardly any voice, and in their calm, unruffled ignorance of what may be achieved under a Liberal system, the people of that colony have appar ently little desire for a change. Once a year a motion in favour of responsible government is introduced, and once every twelve mouths the same motion is rejected, with as little excitement as if it wer.- a dnjr-ta\\. W.-sfc-ni Australia i* the Kip Van Winkle of this con tinent a combination of Sleepy Hollow and i Ine-Hnrse CuVh. the place above ! all others for a phi'.w.pluv. or a hypo chondria:-, or a mummy to w^vtate, through his stuffed and embalmed exis- ! tenee ; but in point of enterprise it is ' nowhere in comparison with its neigh bours. Questions which, in Queens- i land or New South Wales, would shake , society to its foundations, are disposed of ' there in an hour's debate. The colonists j of the west are of the same race as their I brethren in the east, but yet their desire for freedom of government seems about as languid as that of the Chinaman for a republic, or the African for any kind of civilisation beyoud a red umbrella and a paper collar. The system of government in Western Australia is primitive in its simplicity, The share of the colonists in the control of public affairs consists i& the election of sixteen out of the four-and-twenty members, who make up the Legislative Council ; the remaining eight are, of course, nominated by the Governor. It has never yet happened, however, that thirteen patriotic men have been re turned among the sixteen representatives of the people, so as to give the colonists the control, even for a moment, of the national destinies. Five votes, in addition to those of the nominated members, are all that are wanted to secure a government majority, and these five are always obtainable. The finances, when Parliament is out of session, are under the control of a committee, which is completely irresponsible, and the House has only the privilege of dealing with such sums as this body has not previously hypothecated — a privilege which is growing ever of less value, for the little bill which the Committee puts in, is assum ing more and more imposing dimensions with each succeeding year. Lastly, the Executive Council, a purely official body, supervises the running of the whole machine, and it will be seen that self government hardly exists even, in name in Western Australia. These, and a multitude of other facts, were brought forward by Mr. Venn, the apostle of responsible government, when his motion came on a few weeks ago, but despite the ability with which he handled the subject, and the great importance of the question involved, the debate that ensued was of the feeblest character. Dr. Scott and Captain Faw cett supported the motion ; Mr, Crowtber said he failed to understand what all the fuss was about ; Mr. Lay man was inaudible, but was understood to say he would see somebody 'blowed;' Mr. Parker thought there was so little intelligence, and so much cubic ignorance in the colony, that people did not know a good newspaper from a bad one — a point that seemed rather irrevelant to the matter under discussion ; and, finally, Mr. Marmion rose to say that the Chinese must go. After these brief observations, a vote was taken, and re form was, as usual, indefinitely post poned. The comments, which this languid debate on a great question has aroused in the southern Press, seem, strangely enough, to have strengthened rather than weakened the old regime. The journalists, whose mission it is to be voices in the western wilderness, have grown indignant at the contempt with which their despotic Government and servile Parliament are treated, and more than one of those who were for merly regarded as leaning to the cause of liberty, are now asking what the other Australian states have gained by their liberal institutions — except the opportunity to take a short cut to ruin. New South Wales, ac cording to one of these scribes, would gain a good deal by the estab lishment of a healthy despotism, for a time at all events, with a Sultan to account, and just a sufficient course of Bulgarian or similar atrocities to wipe out the present race of legislators ; and even Queensland, in his opinion, might gain a good deal, and lose very little, by a similar course of treatment. Western Australia, on the other hand, is frej from the troubles and brawls, the stone walling and skirmishing, and Shimei-like cursing, which make up so large an i amount of the parliamentary history of . the eastern colonies, and the Council at' claw, which ilvs i't pi riulii -illy r.soiiv itsi-lt' inrn a commit t.v of h.naii. -. wi:li ln-m. MuiVi«cr. in- i-ru. -vii-.M ?. ' !-?-:: ?? out, the Colony had prospered well doubtedly it lias, barring the facts that its vast territory is almost empty ; that its budget is almost v//, and shows very little sign of increase ; that its trade is of the smallest ; and that it possesses only the ghost of a public works policy — not from lack of the will to borrow, but from sheer want of credit Western Australia, however, seems well content with itself, in spite of all these drawbacks, and the idea that a free and enlightened Government might find ont and remove the causes of fifty years of dreary stagnation, does not appear to have taken any hold on the public miad. At the present moment, thanks chiefly to outside influences, an era of temporary prosperity has ilawm-d, and the friends of Conservatism bland Iv point to this as the result of their policy ; but a sudden spurt of activity, based on a laud-grant railway through a desert into a wilderness, is but a feeble argument at the best. In another twelve months the question of responsible government is likely a^ain to be brought forward, though there seems little more chance of its success in the future than in the past. Mr. Venn's motion, like the Laureate's brook, goes on for ever, and its best chance of ultimate success, probably, rests with the Separation party which is springing up. The members of this faction demand that the empty waste of the north shall be freed from the yoke imposed by the great howling desolation of the south, and their votes, if thrown in with those of the constitutional party, may carry the day. The Separation movement itself is hardly worthy of notice. If it should prove successful, it will divide the colony into two vast provinces — the one possessing the population of a fifth rate English town, the other that of a tenth-rate English suburb ; and when both are started on their new career, with a Governor and a Cabinet apiece, they are likely soon to efface themselves entirely by the simple process of being governed too much. 