Camperdown Chronicle. WEDNESDAY, SEPTEMBER 1, 1886. CURRENT TOPICS. The ordinary monthly meeting of tho Hnnipdenshiro Council will bo held to day, at the usual hour, in the new Shire Hall. TnE election for the Nelson Province is causing a considerable amount of interest in this district. The respective candidates have held meetings at Camper-down, Terang and Mortlake, and have had good reception.. Both gentlemen have gone " north " again, to complete their canvass before the day of the election, on Thurs day, September 9. It is said with regard to tho trouble in connexion with theleasihg of agnizing right of 20,000 acres of land in the Heytesbury forest that there is a probability nf it.boing amicably settled. The Government will, it in, expected,, throw, open the land for selection, on , the understanding that the present pastoral tenant receives two br three selections in consideration -of fore- going all other claims ipon the land.*- We may odd that nothing is known of thi* seemingly mysterious "case. at the local land office. The list of new jiml ices,- which.was published in Friday's Gazette, does not contain the name of any resident of thia | district, although the appointment of at I least' one 'gentleman was anticipated. I Another list, however, is shortly to bo | published;" which will probably include the name referred to. Tub dingoeßSKarbf-rbiisiiiiiing'^ tot-get dangerouslyifihold irisftbei fleyt.*sls»i-*y.' Forest, and telei*are[toldfpf their having faced hiiinati |beings.P.:,Noti nisiuy weiks; ago a selectbrjwu^inakingihuiway across one of tho grass tree pinion on 1 the Prince-" town road, when suddenly there faced him n savage looking dingo. Tho man made use of an exclamation, when the animal sprang threateningly towards him, but he stoopedjiotvn to pick up a wc- pon when it turned round, and bounding away, wasispeedily lost to view. > An esteemed' correspondent,' writing from Scott's Creek, supplies a graphic account of a dnring attack on some children by a wild dog. It seoms -that a fow days ago Mr. .lames Davjt,sof'Scott's Creek, sent his little boy and girl on a raessago to a neighbor some iriisUince Tinm-.their'hbtne.^ . Whilst on tlieir way down thoy found themselvos suddenly attacked "bya wild dog, and experienced gre.it difficulty in keeping the animal away. On returning homo the dog attacked them tho second time, and followed them along the pathway for some distance. But for tho fact of the.boy baring a stick with' him, serious con sequences must have ensued.. The youngsters hud a littlo dog with them, and the little girl took;,it up in her arms, as she was nfraid the dingo would kill it. It is considered that. the fact of the girl having the littlo dog in her arms made tho dingo more persistent in-its attack. We* understand that' "an" important meeting of tbo storekeepers anil business people of the town'will be held at 8 o'clock I i evening, at the Mechanics' Institute, f..r the purpose of taking iotn considera tion the question of a half-holiday in Cam perdown, and other matters affecting their interests. It is proposed that during ono half dny. in the week business should be suspended, and thnt the shops be closed earlier on Saturday night than is at present the case. It is satisfactory to learn' that a deal of unanimity prevails, and that some practical result is likely to be the outcomo of to-night's deliberations. The weather experienced for some days past has been changeable, but on the whole, seasonable. Several heavy showers of rain have fallen, and a considerable volume of water has been added to the already well-filled reservoirs. The herbage has commenced to maku good headway, and thoro is every prospect of an early spring. A meeti.vo of the Heytesbury Forest Firo Relief Committee was held on Mon- ] day ni-*lit, at tbo Mechanics Institute ; Mr. John Walls,l.P., in the chair. Tne business of the evening was to consider .is to tho dispo-al of the division of the balance remitted from W.rrnambool. After somo discussion it was decided to convene a special meeting of the com mittee to be held on Monday, Gth inst. A slight sensation' was caused in Campefdowh on Sunday, through the ciiculation of a report that someone, ap parently a suicide, had been drowned in a waterbqlo.known as tho ".Quarry," iii the vicinity' of the cricket ground. It was known that the quarry had been filled to overflowing by the recent rains, and that there were some tro ichorous holes in it, and fearing some accident, the mutter was reported tuthe polio--, who devoted an hour or two on Monday afternoon to elucidat ing the seeming mystery by moaiisof a long iron hook. Thoy wero unsuccessful, how ever, in raising, any body to the surface. Constable Bourke brought to light some dilapidated pairs of boots tfcc, which caused the remark to be passed that searching the hole would scarcely be as profitable an undertiking as dredging the Yarra. The suspicious were basod upon the fact tl'.at on Sunday morning some of the residents passing the quarry 'a quantity of clothing on iho bank, which on examination proved to be a man's coat, vest, hat, collar, and socks, and the con clusion was at once arrived at that some one had been drowned, It was thought by some, howevor, that a wayfarer had diirinir the previous night, been " doing his toilet" at the waterhole, and baring donned another suit, left the cast off gar ments on the bank. Additional interest was hint to tho proceedings from the fact that this was the locality said to have been patronised bya "ghost' a few weeks ago, and some facetious individual suggested that perhaps Sunday being such a fine dayafterlastweek'sheary rain, the "ghost" had spre.d his clothes out on the bank to dry, previous to making a re-appearance. Tub ordinary fortnightly meeting of tho Camperdown Literary and Debating Society will bo hold to-morrow evening at the usual place and hour. Tho debate for, tho evening is on the subject of the re lative merits of the Canadian and Victoriau systems of education, a'matter that'has ab sorbed a great deal of public attention lately. It may here bo remarked that visitors are admitted to all meetings of the society, so that any who take an interest in tho debate may attend. The annual meeting of the Hampden and Heytesbury Pastoral and Agricultural Society it convened to be held at the Leura hotel on Saturday noxt, when'it is hoped, in view of tho important busi ness to be transacted, that there will be a large attendance of members. The case against Mrs. Taylor, who is charged with murder, at the Central Criminal Court, was concluded on Satur day. The jury, who had been locked up all night, could not agree, and were dis charged. The prisoner, who was admitted to bail, will undergo a second trial. A list of the candidates who passed the Public Service examination on the 24th July, and thus qualified for appointment as telegraph operators, has been published. The seventh name on the list is tbat of Miss Helen Fullarton, daughter of an old and respected townsman, Air. Fullarton, (of M'Crae and Fullarton, contractors.) The young lady in question has studied telegraphy at ' the local post and telegraph office, under Mr. Hannah, and the fact that she has proved so successful must be gratifying to all concerned. _ The fair sax of Camperdown are con siderably agitated concerning the report of several marriages to tako place dnring the present year. Some of them, it is stated, will be celebrated with more than the usual amount of display, and as the parties most interested are deservedly popular, the ceremonies will attract more than the ordinary amount of attention. The ceiling in tho Council Chamber of the new Shire hall was considerably damagod on Thursday. A portion of the plaster gave way somo time during the afternoon, and fell on the tables below.' The cause is, as yet, unknown. In 'con nection with this chamber the walls have been very much discolored by the damp. Some efforts will pribably be made to pre vent the iralls from receiving further injury. A special court.of petty sessions will be hold in tbe court bouse, Camperdown,' on Tuesday, 7th September, at 10 a.m., for the purpose of granting pedlars' and hawkers'licenses. ' A new departure has been made by the Minister of Lands in the extermination of rabbita. Hitherto the work of destruction has been carried on by a stafTomptoyed on wages, but Mr. Dow has decided to try the experiment of having tho poison laid by contract. Tenders were recently in vited for dealing with cortain blocks of Crown lands in this manner and keeping tho rabbits down for 12 months. These contracts havo been taken up by selectors and on terms more favorable to tbe de partment than the former system. Mr. Dowling notities that ho will not be able to meet the electors in tha Hey tesbury forest, but he will bo happy to answer any questions lent to him by postal card. The recent rains havo somewhat retarded the work ou the Terang railway line." Tho ballast train took several I trips yesterday, and as all the necessary I arrangements with the Department have I howbeen made with regard to "running through" tho station, ballasting opera tions will be henceforth carried on with out hindrance.^ At the bridge, over Black's river "the piles are being rßpidly put down,.and within- two-mouths it is expected tbe greater number of them will be' ; in .position." r : Thore aro 'nowi two pile-ilrivera - at 'work,' and sis "a stoam.._engino. is employed the huge pieces of timber are driven into position far *, more rapidly than when horses wero used. The formation ,to Teranghas been completed, so that once the.bridge is finished no difficulty will Ira experienced in finishiug the whole line. ' The railway contractors' ballast engine ran over a steer when passing through the Camperdown railway station yards on Friday.' The animal was cut to pieces. The Rev. J. Sinclair will conduct divino service *in connection with tho Free Presbyterian Church, Camperdown,' oil Sunday, September 5, morning and even ing at tho usual hours, in thoTemperance Hall. A preparatory service will bo held o.i Saturday, at 7 o'clock, p.m. It is announced that a meeting of per sons interested in the immediate construc tion of the railway to Cobden, and other matters, will be held in the Temperance Hall, Cobden, on Saturday, September 4, at 7.30 p.m. The clearing sale of live stock, farming implements," furniture, <&c.;, will be held at Cherry Brae Pomborneit, on Wednes day, September 8. It is announced that a drag will lcavo Stansmore's stables at 10 o'clock oh the morning of tho sale. : Attention is again directed to Messrs. Nelson and Ruse's important "dairy fair" to be held at their yards on Friday next. A cooi'LE of inebriates were fined lis each at tbo Camperdown Police Court on Monday. Mr. James M'Crao, J.P., adjudicated. We observe from tho Melbourne papers that Miss Edge, daughter of Mr. Edge, for many years manager, of Mr. Fisher's j Jane >urt station, in this district, was ono of throo competitors in the trials of ladies' hunters at the recent national show. Although this popular young lady was not successful iv gaining tho prize, her appearance, as an eques trienne, won oncomiuma from tho gentle men of the metropolitan press. Ix a return published in the Gazette of all moneys received and paid by the cura tor of the estates of deceased persons, tbe following arc mentioned : —Edward Adie, Colantet, Pomborneit, money received, £202155, payments made, £24 14s Cd; Edward Amos, Purnim, money received, £2 4s; John Bolton, Darlington, money recoive I, nil, payments made, 8s; William Kearns, Wangboni, money received, £4 15s, payments made, 53 3d j Andrew Logan, Hexham, money received 5s Gd, payments mado, £4 6s 8d ; William Par sons, Warrnambool, money received nil, piyniont-i made, £25 lis 4d; Mary Plyniing, Hopkins Hill, near Chatsworth, niiiuev* received nil, payments made £1; John Prest, Belfast, money received, £2, payments made, nil. Great indignation is expressed at Donald at the action of the Government, iv issuing writs on the holders of the mallee blocks, for non-payment of rents due. One sheriff*.* officer has served no less than 1G during the last few days, claiming £5 costs in each case, in addition to the runt, which is very small, and authorising arrest for non-payment The past two harvests were total failures; the great majority of farmers and selectors hiving t-> buy feed for their stock at ruinous prices, and thoy are now unable to pay rent. A meeting: of hardwood sawmillers was held in Melbourne on Monday to consider the depressed state of the trade geneiatly, and to discuss the desirability of asking fur an import duty ou undressed Oregon timber. Messrs. Brisbane, Robertson, Orde, Patterson, and Hine were appointed a provisional committee to carry out tho object iv viow, and the meeting was ad journed until September 7. Tue list of polling places for the Nelson Province election is published in this issue. Messrs Nelson and Rose will hold a sale of live stock at Terang on Thursday, Sep tember 9. The official intimation with regard to the Nelson Province election appears in our advertising columns. Mr. John Thornton will bold a ia]a of live stock, furniture, kc., at hi* yards and j rooms on Saturday next Tenders are invited for repairs, kc, on the tection of tbe telegraph line between Belfast and the South Australian border. It is notified that Messrs. W. and W. Biggins, junr., will, for the present, con | tinne the business of the late firm ol Bayly aud Higgiu-i, iv Warrnambool. 