Before the Ceremony. Here girls! pin my veil up a little. And see if my train is all right, I wish I'd a little more color, I look like a ghost-all in white. I wonder when Charlie is coming! I hope that he will not be late. I want ev'ryone to be ready To go down precisely at eight. Oh, dear! how I wish it was over I I feel a bit nervous I own. Do, girls, go and see about Charlie Don't mind leaving me here alone. They are gone, and I'm free for a moment. And now I mUBt burn up, I know, Tbis precious old package of letters. The dear loving ones, of poor Joe. Oh, Joe! oh my dear bushman lover, So stern in your notions of right, Do you, in your higher existence Turn from me in loathing to-night ? Oh, pity me, pity me, dearest; For there, where yon fell on the plain, Struck down in the flood-tide of glory The heart of my girlhood was slain. And now I am; plighted to Charlie 1 I'll brighten up poor mother's life, Ana please her so. As for Charlie 1 will make him a dutiful wife. But the future is dreary before me. And I would, in your grave in the West, We two were this evening together, Together forever-at rest. Who's thatP oh, yes, Charlie, I'm ready, One moment, dear, just while I try To button this glove. Now, I'm coming. Good-bye, Joe-my dearest, good-bye! At No. 3, River Terrace, Kangaroo Point, the residence of A. Millar, Esq., a quiet wedding was celebrated on Wednesday afternoon (11th inst.), when Miss Kate Silcock, younger daughter of Mrs. E> Calderwood, and Mr. Alexander Macfie, eldest son of Mr. John Macfie, of Norfolk Road,South Brisbane, were made one, till death do them pare. The Rev. Mr. Griffith performing the ceremony which bound them. The pretty little bride; looked charming in her bridal robe of Indian muslin. The gown was most richly embroidered and made in a sweetly simple style, the skirt, which consisted of a wide embroidered flounce from waist, being trimmed only by itself, a tiny kilt at bottom gave a pretty finish to the skirt, polonaise-bodice made full at back and pleated in front, skirt of polonaise pointed at back, with front draperies, edged embroidery falling over Mid looped gracefully on left side, with ex quisite white roses and mignonette; the bodice was trimmed at throat and wrists with eidelweiss lace, that at throat being confined by a handsome amethyst necklace, and fastened with spray of orange blossom. The long tulle veil was kept in place by a pretty spray of lilies-of-the-valley. Miss1 C. St. John, as chief bridesmaid, looked well in light-blue cashmere, skirt trimmed with waterfa^s. of ficelle lace and feBtoons of patin ribbons to match dress in color, bodice out square, and-filled in with lace, elbow sleeves also trimmed with lace, and large bunch of pink roses and maiden-hair fern on left side of corsage. Miss O'Connor, second bridesmaid, was most becomingly attirai in light-fawn cashmere, skirt made with pepram edged broche satin to match, and panels on either aide also of broche satin, the draperies on skirt were most gracefully garnished with cords of paler shade of fawn, bodice of bash mere, with reyers of broche edged with gold bead trimming, cuffs on sleeves, collar and pointed tabs at back of corsage, edged with same, finished one of the prettiest styles I have seen. Mr. A. Millar gave the bride away, and Mr. R. Macfie, brother of the bridegroom, acted the part of best man. Mrs. Calder wood, mother of the bride, was looking well in a fawn silk, richly trimmed with ruby plush, skirt made with deep flounce at bottom, peplum on right side, with wide edging of plush, pente on left side also of plush; a pleating of silk from waist to edge of skirt, garnished with slanting bands of plush, oompleted the really elegant skirt. The bodice was was made in one of the newest home styles, having narrow pleats slanting down from shoulders to waist, of silk, and plain Y of plush instead of the somewhat hackneyed fedora; the sleeves had long plain cuffs of plush, collar of same material, a Maltese lace collarette enriched the costume. Amongst the dresses of the lady guests were:-A black Bilk broche grenadine, with wide fashionable sasband vest, of pink ottoman silk, sleeves also garnished, pink bows; costume of black broche and cashmere; black cashmere gown. Cream nun's-veiling skirt, with terra-cotta plush bodice, and plush trimmings, and others. After the ceremony, the groom led his bride from one room to the other, she stepping over a horse-shoe composed of white roses placed on the ground by one of the lady guests. On her departure for Ipswich, where the happy pair are to spend the honeymoon, the bride wore a charming coBtume of bronze-green cashmere and plush, the skirt prettily draped over panels of plush, bodice plain, with re vers and vest of plush; straw bonnet, trimmed pearl-cream lace and salmon-pink flowers, and tied with gold-spotted tulle strings. The wedding party were regaled in good old style, and dancing and singing were kept up till midnight. The bride's presents were both useful and handsome, and might be a good hint to those racking their brains as to " what can we give her-something useful as well as ornamental ?"-tea and breakfast set in white china, with pink band and wreath of roses ; silver breakfast cruet stand, with cruets to match service ; very handsome silver cruet stand; nickel silver atmospheric lamp, opal shade, handsome Brussels carpet, pair large pale-green vases, beautifully painted apple blossoms and birds, pair small vases, ornamented white flowers, two large bottles of scenS hand-made' woollen petticoat, and beautifully tucked and embroidered skirt, costly diamond earrings, silver fish-knife and fork in handsome case, richly shaded crimson Bilk chair drape worked in crewels, pair pictures, pair handsome oil paintings-fruit and landscape, pink sateen hand- painted, night-dress, satchel and loilet set, set of ivory-handled dinnter and desert knivet>, with carving knives and forks, handsome piano and stool, cedar book case, dining table, walnut occasional table, crystal tumblers, wine glasses and jug, wheat pattern, pair pink satin toilet satchels, richly covered in embroidered white net, half-tester green and gold bedstead and fittings, pair of feather pillows, rocking chair, chair and pin cushion to match, handsomely worked in arrasena, set of silver serviette rings and many others, but space will not allow of a fuller description. On Saturday, August 14th, at St. John's William street, Brisbane, the:Rev. T;i£. Handyside joined, ill. the bonds of wedlock, Miss Maggie ~ English^ of Walthamstow, England, and Mr. E. Dyer, of Penner. The bride was tastefully attired in white Indian muslin, with long front drape of rich eidelweisslace of creamy tint, the back of skirt was alsd draped with lace; bodice plain, with fedora of lace fastened at throat, with spray of bridal flowers, long tulle veil held by graceful orange spray. The bride earned a pretty bouquet of white roses and other white flowers. The four bridesmaids, Miss Smith, Miss Nellie Smith, Miss Fairweather, and Miss Sarah Fairweather, were dressed alike in Indian muslin, with front, drapes of white lace, small bunches of pink roses at throat and roses placed .gracefully in the hair. The bridesmaids, who looked exceedingly pretty, carried bouquets of all colored roses, intermixed with grasses and ferns. Mr. English, the bride's brother, gave her away, and Mr. Gardiner acted the part of best man-a pleasant part with so many fair bridesmaids. A lady friend of the bridal party wore a dress some thing similar to those worn by the bridesmaids, and. had with her a wee baby in white with sash and ribbons of light blue satin and granny bonnet of lace. As they passed down the isle, the newly-married pair were treated tofthe usual shower of rioe. An Elaborate Wedding-Much Ado about Knot-ing. The wedding of Miss Jeannie Phillips, Brisbane, and Mr. Samuel Grimish, Rockhampton, is arranged for Wednesday, 25th August. 