S-ORA D- ididlte \- c Ilckctil VocEal ITI1l .10 (S tZ5 er.5Ths * a hipo clothes beame nuisance. , , _:At last a climax was reached. One night e rGay wee well enough to go to acuncert. ON! =_'- and I each meant to eecort the ladies. g' =?'? i -WLh:en we saw Frankie came down etairs look- t. *; uing like a fairy under a fleecy cloud of whitc, d ::an awful thought came to us both. We al :x: Y' dashed into our room, and hurried our one C ' --: dress- suit oat of "the coffin." At first we laushed- »a " You wear one half, I'll wear the other," I J;. - eff said, but it had been settled, and we1 tossed up. I won, and proudly went down -lstars. Frankie said-"Isn't Mr. Jeffry i-- :coming " nnd I saw the light fade from her S eyes when I answered "No." ,!-- I did notenjoy that concert. I felt as if I 3 :: had wronged Jeff, which, of coarse, was .? =. nonsense. When we got home Jeff was :: reading. In spite of the lonely evening he Tif: maust have spent he looked happy, and when S we got into our room he told me the reason. ";: " I Ifound a book of thelandlady'a. It is S Geoffrey Hamlyn.' It settles our tronble," he said. y About the dresS- suait!" I asked. ' "o, about Frankie. Don't pretcndyou S don't understanud. We are both in love with Sii her; she will choose whichever she likes, '?. but we will act fairly to each other. The : fellows in Geoffrey Hamlyn left it to luck; " ,-. "we will hare that style, only a better plane A. we e to row ahainst each other neat \-- Saitarday. Let thewinner of the race epeak , . fin t to her; if abse likes him it is all right; 7. if not, the loser can win her. Anyway, it is fair:. we shall know what to expect; we shan't be afraid of each other, and it will be a contest for a good prize." "Jeffrey, let us go away; let us keep together," I said. He frowned. "And give her up! Never I We have to part now. Whichever she chooses will lose the other; unlessahe refuses us both we will never be the same old wanderers together again. Come, agree to it." I agreed. I promised not to propose to Frankie until after the boat race. The winner was to have first say. We trained together, but the sculling match would be a different matter now. I looked at our caps in "the coffin" and thought, " We will row like friends, but which will be first, my blue or Jeffs pink. I worked to win that race. The Saturday came. How well I remember that sunny cloudless day. Jeffrey and I went to the river together. As we stood. before going into the sheds to dress, he said in a low tone, "After this race our lives may take a different coarse, yet each will remember the old friendship." I only answered, "Yes, Jeff," What else could I say! I could not honestly wish him success. We went into our different sheds, and came out members of rival clubs. To the spectators on the banks we were merely two men who had trained well for a race there was a little to choose between. In our hearts feare f s ould be mny gain. W.e w.ýýr_ e.No time to look anywhero bt at the core ;nothing to remember ut to round the bcoys and keep clear of foul iln. Tha croed tore along the banks, ehicles and horsemnca dahed by outide the fence. The cries were even. Rink I Buo I Bluel Pink !I My heart seemed beating to deaden them. How J.effry pulled ! Ho as roaling like mad. The excitement was' intense ;. my I strength was failing, my backers rn the banks calling to me,. and I was tearing my life out to defeat Jeff. WeVo were even nearly to the finish. I thought of Frankie by the staging under the willows. I pulled wildly, ishot a glance at Jeffrey-and lost the race I I Yes; he won by half alength. The cheering: wa deafening. Thepistol went off, ..I took rteo my Cp to coot my burning head, and tWhat werethe crowd saying! "Best race oflthe seso.nl Pink'e pretty well pumped -; look at him I Gi?e hima hand some one,.i adBm I loosed at ieff, .my' victor.- .ic bad managed to pull near to the little staging, where he knew Frankie would be. ý He was leaning forward his light boat shaken by his hurried breathing. Exhausted as I was, I pulled nearer, and pushed his boat against the staing, where a little -crowd had athered. On the ath above the stagin stood Frankio in aa,,bit A- ý giug aIns a--* reasg I think I still see her nnder the drooping willow, her face quivering with anxety, r oefor Teff written in her anxious eyeo. I knew1 that he had won her, knew that I ahoold eaver tell my love. I backed into the atag ing and got oat, as Finlayson, the longest mnn on the river, ran up. He had an over. coat over his rowing tol.; he or this coat offand flung it to togs; SI row your boat back; you walk; Jef my arm round him the crowd gave a- mi?i ty cheer at seeing the loser help his victor. Jeff was gasping for breath; his face under the bright pink cap was grey. I put Fin laysonis cost over him, but its weight was too much ; he pushed it off. As I helped him up the three steps to the path he clung tightly to me, and, with the ghost of the old tender friendship in his eyes, said " Old lad, you will win yet.' We moved nearer to Frankie, the eager crowd all round us. We were even to the last, Jeff and I; we both stood before the girl we loved; we both uttered one word, her name. " Frankie." Then I was kneeling by her side and helping her to hold Jeff up. A man pressed through the crowd, saying he was a doctor. He felt Jeff's pulse, then laid his hand on the bright pink jersey.' -.: "It was the heart," he said; " the excite. ment and exertion were too much; tho heart's action has stopped." There was a terrible panic- among rowing men and the spectators, but it all passed me as in adream of the sunlit river, the waving willows, and Jeffs dead face. Frankie knows that Jeffry loved her, for I have told her so, bat she will never know the truth about that race. She looks at me and says- - " I like you near me ; you were his friend. You knew him so well: you were so good to him." Yes, I am still her friend,because of her loving memory of my room-mate Jeff.' 