THE 'lllICK OP. THE TALKING HEAD ! EXPOSED. I remember the first, tiiriolanw'tlic ciirious i ocular illusion known as lhe_8pjiinx .Table.. As I took an interost in: (ill illusions wliieh ceuld be adapted io stage effects, and bad heard from adepts Unit, the new illusion wiis not only a marvel, but absolutely' undetec table, I attended tlio first appeararcc of the, resuscitated Spliiox, first 'performed at the I'.gvptiaii-hull. Piccadilly, Loudon. by a wizard call'ng himself ColonelStodnve. This clever trick was really .invented by u young man named Thotnns T'obin, «-ho assi'ied Professor l'cpper at the Polytechnic.Ins' itu tion in Bejxent-i-ii'eet, to whose g»mus the wcll-us°d ghost illusion also owed its inven tion. I wa« well in front, nnd not loo near. am1, after the usual in'obits had disappeared out of hats and become watches, and the variouv pocltet- hanoVercbiefs, bad be«n turnei' »nr. bouquets of (hiwcis, the novelry .was iiv-.io duccd as a climax,, and the /eisih.-si'G lie puHic bad a wonder to ercre:.so its .-in'.rid on for months to come. . Op the stage,- not :far from tho footlights, waa a three- legged'table on whose top was .spread a small velvet covei with a border of gold fringe hm ging over two inches. No room for a drawer beneath the table, and clear space under and beneath the legs as fa.c as tbo back oE tbo stage. Simply three attenuated legs, and a flat top covered with velvet. . ! . On a side table near tlio proscenium stood a handsome.plush-covered box about a foot square, or fourteen inchcs every way. The lid unlocked by St,odarc was opened on the side facing the spectators, andiin it was seen the head of tho Sphinx. A life-sized head of a bandBome Egyptian, wearing tho typical striped head-piece and the samo collareitc round tlio severed neck; for there was nothing but a head on a short neck in the bcx. Tho eyes were closed, and the long oye lashp?. fell on the cheek, which glowed through its Pharoah bronze with vital blood. Closing tho lid for a moment, Stodarc carried this box, by a handle on either s'de.from the side to the three-legged tablo before our eyes, and set it down in the centre. Now, understand, tbei'a was a Bimplc un adulterated tablo without drawers or places of concealment. You could sco beneath it, and note the hangings on the wall bbyond. The thickness of tho. tablo with the bottom of the box upon it could not havo been it wo inches'in all. Slodare re-opened tbo box, which had never quitted our sight, and as the lid fell forward, the Sphinx, still there, slept the sleep of thousands of yeai'3—but only to wake at tho voico of tho wizard. Tho splendid, calm, majc.-tic eyes opened at com mand, and looked straight beforo the mar vellous face out into the nineteenth century. I bad no doubt, even before the lips opened and tho voice spoke in measured rhythmic tone?, that the bead was human and uot made ofewox, but l.he more I looked and the more I calculated, the further was I from a solution of the first mystery I had witnessed since I commenced the siudy of modern magic. (To bo continued.) 