Wesleyan Church, East Maitland. SUSTENTATION AND EXTENSION SOCIETY. The annual meetings in connection with the above society in the East Maitland Circuit aro being held during the present week. On Sunday the annual termons were preached at Bolwarra in the morning, and at East Maitland in the «vening, the preacher at both places being the Rev, Joseph Hopkins, superintendent of the West Maitland Circuit. On Monday evening the annual meeting was held nt Bolwarra, and was fairly attended. On Tuesday evening the annual meeting was held at East Maitland, and similar gatherings will take place at Paterson, Sugarloaf, and Mount Pleasant. At East Maitland on Tuesday, the attendance iu the Church was very small, which no doubt was owing to the very oppressive weather which we have been experiencing of late. After the proceed- ings had been initiated by the singing of the hymn " We plough the fields," and prayer, Mr. john Ewing was voted to the chair. During the evening the choir, under the conductorship of Mr. Cotteril!., rendered some select hymns between the different speeches. Mr. JOHN EWING, on taking the chair, said he was hoping to have seen n large meeting that evening. He would like to see great interest taken in those meetings. They had been largely benefiUed by that fund for helping congregations. They had been a weak congregation since their birth, and they were Indebted greatly to this fund. When taking the position of treasurer he had promised to keep up the repayments-to pay the instalments when they became due. He had done that. The last loan had been for ¿6200 for the ropair of that church, and it had been money well expended. He had paid back the instalment of ¿815, but he had had *to borrow the money from the Commercial Bank at West Maitland, which he thought was hardly fair to that Society. That circuit had con tributed ¿833 as a free gift to this Society. He had been thinking that they ought to make a new departure, and, instead of handing over the wholo i of that sum as a free contribution to the Society to 1 which they were indebted, they should first pay ¡ from it the ¿615 which they had to repay, and allow < the balance to go as a free contribution. To borrow J money to pay their debts was not a proper way to c meet their liabilities, and if people in business f followed such a course they would soon find them- c selves going up King-street. The whole circuit was 1 in a low condition through tbj depression of trade j £ money was hard to get, and he would recommend 1 the' stewards to consider whether it would not n be better to pay the amount of the instalments g ftrst out of the sum raised for the Society than to a sorrow money to do so. By doing so they would J ti aot figuro so well as a congregation contributing to tlie Society, but they would before the managers Df tho loan fund as liquidating their debts, and the managers would be the more inclined to lend them another amount if required. He concluded by expressing tho wish that the fund might prosper. The Rev. M. MADDERN said they had got this money from the loan fund without interest, and they bad paid back Ü15. But in addition to the ¿8200 loan, thoy had also got ¿625 as a free gift, which was also paid into tho bank, so that they would not have to pay interest on the amount re- paid. The Rev. Superintendent of the Circuit then rtod the report of tho society for last year, a full abstract ot which has already appeared in our columns. The East Maitland Circuit had con- tributed the sum of ¿632 18s 4d. Of that amount East Maitland itself had contributed ¿612 3s 2d, as follows :-Sunday collections, X3 8s 2d ¡ public meeting, £1 ; subscriptions, £5 2s 6d ; half proceeds of cards, £4¡ 5s. The other parts of tho circuit eontubuted as follows -Bolwaria, ¿65 9s Id, Largs, ¿67 7s 4d , Sugailoaf, ¿65 5s, Mount Pleas- ant, ¿612s 9d He hoped that tins year East Mait- land would not come behind the previous twelve months, but go beyond it He anticipated that they would He waa anxious that they should cleai off the debt even before it was due to the loan fund He thought they might also raise ¿612 or ¿613, as they should bear in mtnd that they would have an annivcisary soon ¿which might be held in connec tion with the lighting of the church with gas. The Rev JAMFS PHILLIPS said, having listened to the report, they must all be deeply impressed i\ ith the importance of the Society whose claims they were met to advocate They must all be im- pressed with the great necessity there was in that land foi a Bociety such as this The moral con- dition of many parts of the land was deplorable m the extreme They were told that by those who had the opportunity of ascertaining The only thing to elevate the land was God's Church, moved by tho Holy Ghost If they found it difficult to get on against the forces around them-if they found it difficult to get on in the divine life-who had Gospel privileges and all the agencies of the Chutch to assist them, how difficult it must be foi those who were living in places not so favouied They weie told that diuukenness, Sabbath-break ing, debauchery were frequent in some places, and they must conclude that the people had not God in their heaits and homes Many of those who weie now deprived of the assistance of God's chuich wore once as highly favoured as they were , but circumstances which they could not control had caused them to leave the settled distntts, and go on to stations and to places where they seveied themselves fiom God's ordinance!1 Deprived of such pnvileges, they did not wonder how its in- fluence grew dim, and the desire for spiritual things grew less and less Fiom many a rising settlement, distant station, and lonely hut came the Macedonian cry-"Come over and help us," bring us the ordinances of lehgion, and mole into contact with things spiritual and divine They were all stirred at hearing of a shipwreck and the loss of lives, but what of these moral wrecks, could they withhold a helping hand Physical suf- fering and distress at once received their sym- pathy, but what was of far higher import- ance was the words of eternal life which mide them wise unto salvation, which was in the Lord Jesus Christ This Society was suited to the spiritual necessities of this land He was no bigot, and he appreciated the woik of other demomnatlons, but he believed the Methodist Church had a great woik to do in spieiding Scripture holiness in this land There weis some people who were so narrow tiafc they would not allow that there was any true church outside theirs They had a church, a Gospel Mimstiy, oidmances of lehgion properly administered, aud they could afford to be generous to such people They recognised the Methodist Chuich as a part of the universal church and that they had a great work to do m the spiritual eleva- tion of this land There were now 20 or 30 million adherents of the various branches of the Methodist Church , then doctrines were regarded by all evangelical people as Scuptual, and their various agencies and systems weie suited to the spiritual regeneiation of humanity The report told them of what had been done m the past-of the churches erected, of circuits relieved, of crust funds helped, and of various other ways There were other ways they could look at the influence of the Society Look at it from an intellectual stand point The youth who stood fitst m the University examina tion this yeal, was educated at Newington College Then ita influence socially In all these and other ways the Methodist Church exeited a beneficial influence which could not fail to help this land foi good If it was a fact that the society was a necessity-that it suited the wants of this land-then it was the duty of all to support it. Those who believed it was a necessity and failed to assist it occupied in his opinion a very unenviable position. Christ had commanded thom " Go work in my vineyard," and it was the duty of each to ad- vance the work to the best of his ability. They were commanded to let their light be seen before men so that others may be led to the Father in heaven, and they should all try to advance the Redeemer's kingdom. One way in which it could be advanced was by the work of a society of this kind. There were many opposing forces at work, and they were all called upon to work against them. They longed for the time to come when the church would in- fluence the whole of society-when the laws of the land will be administered so that justice might run down strongly like a mighty river ; com- merce be conducted on the principle that each should do* to others as he would they should do unto him ¡ that literature be glorified by omission of everything impure; that the Press bo willing to exert the mighty power it possessed for the purification of society and the elevation of mankind. They read in the Bible that on Christ's head were many crowns. Might they not hope that the brightest of those crowns would be Australia. Did they desire that ? That it might become one of the greatest nations on earth, with its vast extent of territory, and its immense resources. Then the energy and enterprise of her sons should bo de- voted to the right. They should do all they could by their sympathy, by their prayers, and their liberality to support the Church Sustentation and Extension Society. (Applause). The Rev JOSEPH HOPKINS îefeued to the fact that he had addiesscd a meeting in East Maitland l8 years ago, when an effort was made to wipe out a debt that existed on that building, and congi atu latod them that they had maintained the chmch and congregation, and that they were not helplessly in debt He held in his hand a íathei tatteiod book which was a ciuiosity in its way, benig the printed minutes of the meeting of Mmisteis of the Austiahan distiict which was Kid in Sydney in July 1817 At that time theie weie not many en cuits, but there was one called the Hunter Rivei Cncuit, and he would lead the repoit furnished of that disti ict FIHI, as to West Maitland the report said the society was m an nnpioving condition, tlieie had been seveial înteiestmg conversions and good done during the yeai, and a gratifying increase in the classes They had enlaigecl and gioatly improved the chapel, and a laige vestiy had been elected at the ieai , 20 new pews had been put in the church and all were let except two In East Maitland tim success hitherto had been veiy limited, foi some time past the society had been in a languishing condition, but some improvement was noticed At Morpeth, five mile3 from Maitland, a very neat buck chapel had boen opened at the end of the last dutuct meeting in the presence of a numeious congiega tion, and m those walls seveial had iolt the power of the gospel. At Cooley Camp, 4 miles from Maitland, a small but comfortable weatherboard chapel had been erected, and was offered lo God on the day of its dedication entirely free from debt. In this place there had been a stirring among God's people. At Woodvale, situated on the Paterson lliver, 5 miles from Maitland, was an interesting society, which for the pa3t nine months consisted 24 persons, most of whom announced a change in their own hearts. At lîaymoud Terrace and Nelson's Plains nothing striking had taken place. During the year the congregations had been gene- rally good, and there had been two or three proofs of conversion. At Newcastle regret was expressed that the society was not. so prosperous as was anticipated ¡ several had left the town, others had died, and a few had grown weary of well doing. At Sugarloaf the population was limited, a small chapel had been erected ; the Lord had been I gracious to them 5 four in one family had been convinced of sin, and two of thom had found peace. The repprt referred to the society at Wollombi, Singleton, Stanhope, Paterson, Allyn River, and Williams River and Dungog, and said on the whole, notwithstanding removals and deaths, there was a gratifying record of an increase of 30 members and 25 remained on trial, and a hope was expressed i that there would be on addition to the missionary Î strength. The report was signed Frederick Lewis. In one part with reference to East Maitland it said that an acre of land had been given by Mr. Muiron which had been erected a slab church 35 feet by 25 feet which was in debt ¿65. He had read those extracts to show the wonderful progress that had been made in the cause of God during the last 40 years. It was true the Lord had looked upon the Methodist Church, and they could say without exaggeration this is a field tho Lord dclighteth to bless. The minister is referred to as a missionary, and the support came from the old land. There was now a large number of circuits ; soino were independent, and had been made so by the help received from this society; others were on the road to become independent by the same help. Rowland Hill when preaching used to liken the Gospel to a cow which yielded different kinds of milk-sometimes he got justification from it, and would preach on that; sometimes adoption, and so on. He (the speaker) would say that certainly the Church Sus- tentation and Extension Society had been an admir- able cow to a great many circuits in New South Wales. A cow could not long yield good milk unless it was well looked after. Their meeting was small, but he thought it compared favourably in proportion to numbers with the annual meeting at the Conference. It was strange the difficulty there was to get the people to come and hear of the working of this society. It was not fair that they should not value this financial cow.. Unless they attended to it the cow would die, and they would get no more milk from it. Ho pointed out that the Bamo pegging away had to be persevered in by other churches. The bishops of the Church of England had to be continually appealing for sup- port for the Church societies ; and the Presbyterians hod imported a Minister from home to attend Bolely to a similar fund. That Society was in keeping with the genius of the Gospel. It enabled them to take a stand, to hold their own, to spread the Gospel far and wide, As an instance of its working he gave the case of Tamworth where he went in 1868. Before that a minister from other circuits occasion- ally visited it. The Conference thought the time had arrived when there should be a settled minister, and in April 18G8 he had gone there. Tor some time good Mr. Denning had conducted a Sunday School in the School of Arts, and the people attended services when held ; but though they possessed an ad- mirable site, tiley had not a stick towards a building. Now there were churches in different parts of the circuit. He did not believe that these would bo in existence bnt for the help given by this society, which had enabled them to live, to grow, and to flourish. That was a specimen of the work done throughout New South Wales by the Weslcyan Church Sustenation and Extension Society. All circuits had been under obligations to this society. West Maitland had boen helped ¿6200 last year, and all over the colony help was afforded. The help bestowed enabled them to grapple with and overcome their financial difficulties. It therefore demanded the sympathy and support of people all over the colony. They were in duty bound to stand by that society. The Tenterfield cir- cuí; extended 150 miles in one way and 100 in another. Yet when he went there it could not support itself. When the income was ¿623 and the expenses ¿693 how were they to make ends meet? They had received a little help for two years, and were thus enabled to tide over the financial difficulties. The first quarter the income was ¿623 or ¿62G and the last ¿697. The people would not have had the courage to face the diffi- culties if it had not been for the help afforded by this society. That circuit was now cut up into three. Where thfre was one minister 15 years ago there was now three. Who could estimate the good done-the evil prevented, and the spiritual blessing on men, women, and children of the present and of generations to come ? That society looked to the establishment of the church in a place and when established the permanent occupation of the place. A collection was taken up, after which some promises of subscriptions were made to ease the work of collecting. On the motion of the Rev. M. MADDERN, a vote of thanks was passed to the Chairman and to the Re**. J. Hopkins, who atteuded as a deputation. The proceedings were concluded in the usual way. 1 ' '" "» 