THIS MYSTERIOUS TENANT. CHAPTER XXV.—(Continued). MABCIA'S FESTIVAL. It bad been a custom of Scarsdale to give some entertainment to the neighboring school-children every summer or autumn, whether the family WBS at the abbey or not. The usual time for this festival had drifted by; for Marcia bad been utterly depressed in body and mind after that 6tormy interview in the Hermitage, and had deferred from day to day the effort necessary for the organisation of the entertainment. But she would no more have disappointed her young pensioners than 6he would have broken the most solemn promise ever made; and she held a solemn council with Mrs. Browning and the curate, Mr. Silbrook, almost immediately after the fascinating widow's arrival. Mis. Harding's visit had not been without its benefit for Marcia, disagreeable though her presence might be. The widow's society acted as a kind of irritant, and aroused Sir Jasper's daughter from the dull lethargy into which her mind had sunk after Godfrey Pierrepoint's departure. Mr. Silbrook attended Marcia's summons with rapture, and presented himself in the yellow drawing-room, where Miss DeuiBon and thp widow was seated as far apart as politeness would permit. Marcia was busied in the cuttingout of comfortable woollen garments for her.poor; while Dorothy sat meekly by,' sewing with a clever rapid hand, in which the needle twinkled-every now and then as it shot upward into the sunshine. Mrs. Harding bad been so gushingly anxious for a morning's cbat with her dearest Marcia, that Miss Denison bad been fain to bring her work-basket to the drawingroom. "But Dorothy is accustomed to workwith me," she had said; " and I scarcely know how I shall get on without her." " Then pray bring Dorothy, my sweet Marcia," exclaimed Mrs. Harding. You surely cannot think that I am too proud to accept the companionship that pleases vou. Besides, I have taken quite a fancy to dear little Dorothy. Who is it has talked about ' surprised blue eyes V Some poet, I think. Dorothy's big brown eyes have a look of astonishment sometimes that is really charming." So this is how Dorothy came to be established in the yellow drawing-room, seated modestly on a footstool, with her brown curls just on a level with Marcia's work table,—below the salt, as it were. Miss Denisob was very glad to have her faithful little companion seated at her feet on this particular morning; for Dorothy's presence would be likely to ward off anything in the way of confidential conversation ; and Marcia had a horror of any con- fidence arising between herself and this bold, scheming, false-tongued woman, wlio had traduced Godfrey Pierrepoint. Mr. Silbrook was announced presently; and the widow became deeply interested in the object of his visit. If the entertainment of chanty-children had been the most novel or soul-absobing amusement that ever aroused feminine enthusiasm, Mrs. Harding could scarcely have been more enthusiastic than she was. " The dear children—what happiness to give them pleasure; and how noble of dear Bweet Marcia to think of taking so much trouble!" cried the widow, with more warmth of expression than soundness of logic: and then she listened with an air of rapture while Miss Denison and the curate discussed the arrangement of the festival; the hour for dinner in a tent on the lawn ; the gipsy-tea in a grassy circle in the wood —a circle which the country people called the fairy ring, and close to which rustic spot there was a broad babbling brook, and a tiny waterfall that trickled over mossgrown stones and lost its way amid the rank luxuriance of fern. Mrs. Harding was charmed with these arrangements, but ventured to offer little propositions of her own, in the way of tiny white tents, festooned with pink cambric roses, in which the village children might have curds-and-whey and pound-cakes, and syllabub and tarts, and all manner of bilious refreshments: or might not the children be dressed in fancy costume, she asked— some of them as dryads or hamadryads, or whatever you called the quaint classical creatures; and some as little Redriding Hoods, and Swiss peasants, and Spanish gipsies? It would be 60 sweet and picturesque, and the very thing to please dear Sir Jasper. And 6he would be so happy to assist in carrying out the little scheme: for though so stupidly ignorant of all-sorts of plain needlework such as dear . -%ffiia excelled in, she had a kind of talent she^entured to say, for the arrangement of a mediaeval quadrille, or tableaux vivants, or anything picturesque in that way. " And apropos to tableaux vivants," exclaimed the widow, u why should we not get up something in that way, as a surprise for dear Sir Jasper ? Some pretty sylvan scene—Rosalind and Celia—a little series of pictures from As You Like It. If Mr. Silbrook would only do Jacques!" cried Mrs. Harding, clasping her hands, and overwhelming the curate with confusion by her sudden address. u I do think Mr. Silbrook is the very man for Jacques— just the mild contemplative expression," she added, gazing critically at the unhappy young man, who felt his complexion changing to the dreadful hue of a newly-boiled lobster. " Don': you think so, now, Marcia?" Miss Denison, compassionately conscious of the timid curate's embarrassment, bent over her work as she murmured that she had seen a person who reminded her more vividly of the pensive exile; and then after politely negativing Mrs. Harding's propositions, she went on to complete the plan of the children's day. " Then at twelve o'clock on the fifteenth we shall expect the arrival of the vans," said Marcia; " and there will be a distribution of cake and sweet wine in one of the tents. After that we will have games in the park until two ; at two dinner; and after dinner more games, I suppose until tea-time. Six o'clock, I think we had better say for tea ; and after tea it will be almost time for the children from the distant villages to think about the journey home. I have engaged the Koxborough town-band, and I have written to a person in London for a magic-lantern, to be shown in the servant's hall, which can be darkened for the purpose. Til send one of the grooms into Roxborough this afternoon, to make arrangements about the vans; and if you will settle matters with the teachers, Mr. Silbrook, I think we shall manage very well." A confused mumbling, which might mean any thing or nothing, was the only utterance which that unhappy young man could give to his overpowering sense of Marcia Denison'a goodness. He gazed upon her in a rapture of admiring love; and yet his paleblue eyes expressed only weakness. His heart was thrilled to the very core with a rapturous emotion in her presence, and yet he could not accomplish the most commonplace sentence without ignominious stuttering and hesitation. Oh, pity them, those unhappy souls who lack the power of utterance? The sculptor has his marble, the architect his palace, the writer his book, the painter his canvas, in which to give utterance, more or less fully, to the deep yearnings of the soul. But how much to s be pitied are those hapless creatures whom nature has deprived of that grandest of all gifts, the power of expression; who look piteously into the faces of their fellow-men, and see themselves despised by men to whom they know themselves superior; who see themselves pushed aside by vulgar tarlatans, and are yet possessed of knowledge that would put charlatanism to shame! Pity the mute Milton who dies inglorious for lack of some minor force, withont which the great gift of poetry is powerless to reveal itself; the sculptor who, with the genins of a Michael Angelo, shrinks back to oblivion aghast and disheartened by the first ruthless sneer of an ignorant critic. Pity—above all blighted creatures doomed to bear the burden of earthly sorrow—the men and women who might have been great. And second only to these in the roll of martyrdom are the men and women who have loved devotedly, and have never dared to reveal their passion. Mr. Silbrook rose to depart presently, after having declined an invitation to a luncheon that would have been to him as a banquet eaten amidst the citron-groves of Milton's paradise. He was moving towards the door, twisting his hat hopelessly in his warm nervous hands, murmuring unintelligible adieux; but instead of ringing the bell for the servant, Marcia rose and pointed to one of the open windows. " If you will go by the terrace, Mr. Silbrook, I will show you my china asters," she said. The curate made his way across the room in a little hesitating scamper, and in the next minute found himself on the terrace, standing by Marcia's side; alone— with her. And she had asked him to come out there, alone > She had something to say to him—something that could not be said before that gorgeous person who had put him to shame in the drawing-room. He felt his heart beating like the pumping of an engine; he felt his knees dissolving into jelly, and his legs giving way under him. The hot blood surged up into his head, and made his eyes weaker than ever. A mist swam before them. Was he going blind or mad—or both ? He had a vague recollection of a wonderful poem by Elizabeth Barrett Browning called Lady Geraldine's Courtship—a poem in which a grand lady asks a peasant-born poet to be her husband. He had & still more shadowy recollection of a dozen different novels, in which loveliness and wealth had stooped to bless the humble adorer. And he loved her so dearly, BO fondly, so truly. How could Bhe be ignorant of such unsalfish devotion, or blind to such patient worship 1 She knew the secrets of his timid heart, and she was about to reward him by stooping from her high station to tell him that his love was not hopeless. Winstanley Silbrook hud time enough to think this while Marcia strolled by his side to the end of the terrace, below which blazed the gorgeous colouring of nature in the shape of a parterre of china asters. "Are they not very fine!" asked Marcia, pointing to the flowers. The curate, short-sighted always, has dimmer of vision than usual to-day. He saw confused splashes of gaudy colour blazing in the sunshine; and murmured his admiration. But the pumping ot the engine still went on under his clerical waistcoat, and he wondered how Marcia was going to approach the subject of this thrilling interview. " I thought you would admire our show of autumn flowers," said Miss Denison, as they went down the broad flight of steps into the stiff Italian garden; " but I had another motive for asking you to come this way." The engine pumped more furiously than ever; and the curate began to think that he must ask his divinity for a glass of water, or else give up the ghost and swoon quietly on the smooth gravelled mall. " I wish to say something that I did not care to say before Mrs. Harding and Dorothy. Do you remember telling me last Christmas of the anonymous donations dropped into the Scarsdale poor-box ?" The engine left off pumping all at once; and that sudden stoppage seemed more paiuful than all the furious action of the past five minutes. The curate turned deadly white, and a faint sick feeling crept over him. In the next minute he recovered himself. What a fool he had been ! " As if she could care for me—or notice my feelings," he thought, in piteous self-abasement. " Do you remember ?" asked Marcia. " Yes, yes. Oh yes, perfectly." " Have the donations been continued ince then ?" "Until last July—yes. Before July they were very irregular; since that time the donations in the box have ceased ; but only a week ago I received fifty pounds in notes for the poor of Scarsdale, and it is very probable that the gift comes from the same benefactor. I think I have the envelope in my pocket. Perhaps you would like to see it ?" " If you please." The curate searched for the document. To say that he produced half-a-dozen different papers—a receipted washing-bill, a bootmaker's account, a letter from his grandmother, a little evangelical tract, and so on—before he possessed himself of the paper he wanted, is only to Bay that he comported himself after the manner of a nervous and hyper-sensitive person. He found the envelope at last, and handed it to Marcia. Yes, it was his hand, as she had expected. Stiff and disguised, but still Godfrey Pierrepoint's hand—the only hand which could by no possibility be disguised from her. The envelope was half covered with foreign stamps; and the post-mark was Vienna. He had not left Europe, then. It seemed as if he were quite close at hand at Vienna. How clear it all seemed now; and how natural that he who had visited so much among the poor, and had listened so patiently to their stories of want and trouble, should have been their anonymous benefactor all the time; too proud to take any credit for his bounties; content to incur the hazard of being misjudged by the people who profited by his generosity ! Marcia returned the envelope to Mr. Silbrook. " I think you must have acted very wisely with regard to the disposal of the money," she said, " or your anonymous friend would have scarcely continued his' donations." The curate blushed, and a sickly smile flickered over his inexpressive countenance. Even this little bit of praise from her was a crumb of comfort. " I did my best, Miss Denison," he answered very humbly. "I am a great deal among the Scarsdale poor, and I know their little wants. I have not many pleasures, and I assure you the disposal of that money has been a very great pleasure to me." " Has it really ? Then will you let me give you another fifty pounds to dispose of in the same manner 1" asked Marcia, who felt somehow that to duplicate Godfrey Pierrepoint's gift would be in some manner to associate herself with his secret charity. "You are too good, Miss Denison, but indeed it is not needed. I have more than twenty pounds of the anonymous funds still in hand. I keep that money apart from all other funds, and I have a little book in which I enter all outgoings. Perhaps you would like to see my book. I venture to hope that a great deal of good has been done, under Providence, by the aid of that money. David Green's family have had an allowance of ten shillings a-week ever since David was laid up; he's beginning to get round a little now, and I assure you he and his people are very grateful for having been carried over their troubles without going to the parish. Widow Morris has had three pounds ten towards the purchase of a mangle, and she seems to be doing very uicely now; and the children attend school regularly instead of working in the fields, as they did before, for sixpence a-day. Margery Holmes had five pounds for clothes to enable her to get out to service; but that was put more in the way of a loan, and we expect Margory to repay us by easier instalments : and Susan West—who—who, you may remember, some time since—to have heard—or perhaps I ought not to mention it in your presence and yet as a Christian minister— [—the unhappy girl being—I assure you— most penitent—and, although perhaps I have no right to allude—yet the rocollectiou of the—tho—blessed words with relation to those who are without sin, and those only, having tho right to cast a stone —I have ventured on advancing a little money to send her up to a most admirable institution in the metropolis—though I regret to say rather Puseyito in its tendencies—where she will be qualified as a sicknurse, and will, I hope, be given opportunities of real usefulness. But I'll bring you my book the next time I—I—have the pleasure of calling, Miss Denison ; and any advice you may kindly have to offer, I— need scarcely say—er—I shall make a—per —point " Here the subject became in a manner personal, and tho poor curate broke down. But Marcia was very kind to him, and promised to give him her best thoughts with regard to the anonymous donations, if he had any need of her advice, and additional help whenever he wanted help. She accompanied the curate to the little gate opening from the Italian garden into the park, and shook hands with him very cordially as she wished him good- bye. She liked him for his goodness and his modesty, and she had not the faintest suspicion of the troubled state of his poor honest heart. (To be continued.) 