TATTERSALLS CLUB SPRING MEETING. Second Day. By Pegasus. Though the morning was dull and rain seemed threatening, the clouds only served to make Saturday afternoon's racing at Eagle Farm more enjoyable. There was, indeed, but one feature which in a considerable degree de- tracted from the interest in the racing, and that was, I am sorry to say, the weights which were issued on Friday night, and which were discussed on the course with no very pleasing comments. Two or three owners showed their appreciation of the handicaps by at once scratching their horses for all engagements, and it is a remarkable fact that the horses that were penalised to such a remarkable extent belong to those who invariably run their horses out, and on whom the public can always rely for an honest run for their money. The natural consequence of such treatment must be that the few honourable men still on the turf will become disgusted and | withdraw, and a direct premium will be offered to the numerous others who are now making a fine art of dishonesty and chicanery. Though the Spring Handicap afforded a good race among a few of the horses left and, yet the error in the respective weights allotted to Merrijig and His Worship was so grossly glaring as to be patent to any turf neophyte. But the mistakes in this handicap were quite cast into the shade by the weight given to Leinster in the Flying Handicap, which simply made his owner a present of the race, and which he could hardly lose unless he wanted to. After the form and pace displayed by Leinster in the Cup, where, carrying 7st., he led his field at a merry bat for nearly the whole two miles, and finished second after a capital race, and after seeing Merrijig's win in the Selling Race, carrying 7st. 9.0., the handicapper gives Leinster only 7st. 8lb. in the Flying Handicap, while he claps 8st. 10lb on to Mr. Baker's horse ; is it any wonder that Merry j Ig was scratched and Leinster won in a common canter. Such gross errors as these, though they could hardly be excusable if the weights had to be made in a hurry on the racecourse, as was formerly the case, had in this case no extenuating circumstances, as there was abundance of time for the weights to be framed and revised three or four times over before their publication. The most unpleasant comments were being made in the paddock, and if this sort of thing continues I am afraid the ranks of our horse-owners will be still further diminished. The attendance of the public was fairly good, though hardly equal to that of the preceding day. The Acting-Governor, Sir Arthur Palmer, and his friends arrived on the course soon after lunch, and remained during the afternoon. The stringed band, who were located on the Grand Stand, played some good selections during the day, and all the different events, with the exception of the Hurdle Race, went off well. Before the start for this race the members of the Ambulance Corps betook themselves to the half-mile post, where the horses started, and then rather ostentatiously spread out their apparatus in full view of the jockeys. Curiously enough, it was at this very point Newbold fell, rolling over his rider, Lovell, who was a good deal hurt, and was subsequently conveyed to the hospital. The first event on the card, the Spring Handicap, brought eight horses to the post, and of these Phoenix was at once made favourite. He was, however, beaten on the post by a head, the winner turning up in Freedom, a very speedy son of Warlike, and one who I fancy will give us some more surprises on future occasions. Of the others, Ascot ran well for a time, as also did Drummer, whose condition when he returned to the paddock was something pitiable. Bandaged on three legs before the start, he made a strong pace for over half the distance, and then cracked up. After the race, he seemed lame on three legs, being barely able to walk, and it must be a long time before he will be able to race again. Certainly, he was not in a fit condition to start, having pulled up badly lame some mornings ago after a gallop with Pirate, and his racing on Saturday can only he considered a sheer piece of wanton cruelty. ' Before this race, Warkworvh's name was upon the outside of the totalisator, but the horse, though not annout c d as scratched, did not start. The Jordan Stakes was the next event, and here a nice find of six youngsters faced the starter Touchstone was a hot favourite, while the followers of the yellow and black supported Rose, the QTC Sapling Stakes w fine-, with much ooLhoonce The non of Vespasian and Grey Esperance, capitally ridden by V, also were with the greatest case, and it must have been only the fault of the starter that lead him the hauling, Shakes He is a reno upstanding bay colt over sixteen hands, and his only fault below the knees, or, as Sir Tatton Sykes used to say ' He does not stand quite pretty on his legs If he trains on he should make a grand three yea- old, as his quality seems far and away superior to any of his opponents on this occasion Mr Finnie's pair Rose and Lurline were conspicuous in the rear, while the Darebin Mw Pitsford filly wusneverfoimidable Justelius ran well, but she is a bit overdone and the surprise was the capital performance of Mr Bray ford's Sir Anthony, by Epigram, out of ino (Sue, who, his owner informs us, has only been in work few weeks Hit, finishing second was undoubtedly a great performance, and he is certainly a strong powerful colt, who will improve with age The penalties and allowances in this event are worth notice and imitation by other clubs Luncheon was the next feature on the programme, and when this was over the bell rang for saddling up for the Har the Race A good ideal of interesting taken away from this event by the numerous scratching-!, especially that of 1 Fiction, who with all his weight could hardly have lost The race tion resolved itself into a match between Bolton and Dynamite, as New hold's chance was a very poor one. There was a capital race 1 envy e'en the Rray and the chestnut up to the last hurdle, when Wooe's foolishly left the inside running to make for a hurdle that had been struck by Newbold the previous round and whichwas leaning half over Dynamite came straight on, taking the hurd in front of him, and then the maiden aunt mg, but now Bo'aun, who certainly had the foot of him at this juncture, headed him, and, taking the inside running again, passed the post first, both horses being much distressed Across a very palpable cross was the verdict on the grand stand , but I hear the rider of Dynamite complained of a masthead the back of the course as well. The inevitable protest was lodged, and the stewards took so long a time to consider their decision that the next event was more than half in hour late The race was eventually driven to Dynamite, and I must say, I consider the ision a correct one Though Mackenzie lost his whip and was not able to finish so vigorously as his opponent, yet, at the weights, there can be no doubt that Bo'sun, who was far from well had the boat of it. As before mentioned, a long wait ensued before the start for the big event of the day the Australian Plate-3 miles, and the horses paraded the lawn for some time Ajax was the first to appear, followed by Pnate, Potronei, Yabba and Pheejix The supporters of Ajax, Pirate, and Pctrouel were all very confident of sue css and though Yabba had some admirers, Phoenix was utterly neglected in the paddock Yabba cut out the pace in capital style for over two miles Petrel was the first of the favourite! to cry enough The extra mile seemed a bit too far for Pirate and when Ajax headed Pheuaix half a mile from home, the race looked over However, the outsider soon went to the front again, and was never afterwards headed, passing the post heat amidst the meat unwonted excitement The bookmakers were jubilant throwing up their head gear and kicking them about, which plainly testified that some of them had performed that pleasing operation (to them) called ' Skinning the lamb ' Backers looked on the other hand, grave and gain for all the doubles were spoilt and all the farm the fire Alas for the uncertainty of the turf and human expecta- tion Hope tellan flattering tale Delusive vain and follow. Ah let not hope prov nil Lost his appointment fellow \- Slttkipccn c If there had been a thundering lot of hope before the race there was evidently an immense amount of disappointment afterwards and then the hope that springs eternal" will doubtless bring up the hunters for the next big doubles in April and May yet it will be some time before the defeat of Petroncl and Pirate will be sufficiently digested There was certainly little to choose between the appearance of the favourites Pirate looked none the worse for his Cup victory, while Ajax looked particularly strong and muscular, and Pctronel seemed a ball of muscle, and as Iib as hands could make him Phoenix, to tell the truth, I did not look at before the race, passing him by on the other side as a horse without the ghost of a show Though he only had 6st 121 to carry, he had run a severe race with Freedom in the morning for the Spring Handicap, carrying 7st, and this makes his P ato performance all the more meritorious He is an aged horse, by King Colo-Allson, the dam of many winners of more than average merit Pheonix's best performance hitherto was his defeat of Leger crmain some years ago, but he has otherwise been a rather uncertain if not a mediocre performer Nevertheless he has always been run straight, and I fancy his win was as great a surprise to his owner as to anyone on the ground. A protest lodged against Phoenix by the rider of Ajax the ground of crossing, was very properly dismissed The totalisator paid something over 100 on this event Only four starters came to the post for the All aged Stakes My Love, who had declined the long distance race, throwing down the gauntlet to Ormond, Friction, and Fans This race was again a most interesting one, as they all kept well together, but the black mare won very easily and according to this running she is able to give 1 notion and Ormond about 745 on this distance Friction disappointed me, but his form can now be estimated to a pound and to give Ormond 3lb and a beating is by no means a bad performance raine ran up well but was never dangerous, and I am afraid all our three year olds are very moderate Little need to be said of the last race of the day, the Flying Stakes, as Leinster, chucked in as he was won in a canter in splendid time (for Queensland) The concluding event of the meeting generally produces a big held and an exciting race but this was from the causes before mentioned, an unfortunate exception to the rule The starting during the day was again very good and I trust Mr Holmes services will be retained by other clubs It becomes quite a treat not to have to chronicle a succession of bad starts, and if the handicapping could only be done as well, a great impulse would be given to our local racing Though some of the races were started behind time" the arrangements were otherwise well carried out, and the various officials performed their responsible duties in a very satisfactory manner From a racing, and I hope, from a pecuniary point of view, the meeting has been a great success, and the racing throughout has been of a straightforward description, which is an agreeable change and novelty for Eagle Farm A word of praise must be given to the race books, well printed and got up by Black, Reid, and Co. The giving the results of the first day's racing, with weights and distances, was much appreciated by the public The following is the detailed ac- count of the racing - Spats Haebich of la Sovs with a sweep stakes of 2 BOv s each from starters second horse 40 Sovs from the price 11 mile and a furlong O R Jones a eh h Freedom 0 years 78. yrs (ford) 1 6 BurgOHBbh Phecalx aged "st. (J Burns) 2 J Finnie s bin Maritana aged 7st- 8lb (VV Bia Block) 3 C Bil ern bill Venijie 6 years 8s 10lb 0 M QjiikBchg Drum i e- aged 7st G b G H li Hulea ns b h Fiction 5 years 7st lib 0 J P Jottaho Paradox 3 years "7st 0 0 Hogan b br h Ascot 1 years Oat 131 0 Betting 2 to 1 v Phcoaix, 5 to 1 Ascot, 10 to 1 others The flag fell to a good start Drummer led, followed by Freedom and Phoenix Ascot went the front as soon as the stand was passed, but at the bridge Drummer again deprived him of his lead At the back of the course Drummer was done with, and Ascot led, being soon after joined by Merrijig and Phoenix. At the half mile Ascot and Merrijig were in front but at the turn for home Fheoaix drew up, Maritana took a better position, and freedom made a great run on the outside Early in the straight, the race lay between Phoenix and Freedom, and after a capital finish Freedom won on the post by a head, Maritana being a fair third Time, claim 52sec Ins Jordan Stakes of 150 coy added to a sweepstakes of 3 sovs each from starters second h r of 20 Sovs and the el horse IOpovs from the prize, for all two year olds, colts 8st 5lb fillies and geldings 8 to the winner of the Spring Sip mg Stakes to carry 10lb penalty if any other race the value of 5) Sovs to carry 7lb penalty of two value £59 or one value 5 5s to carry 10 b penalty, an allowance of 3lb to all colts and fillies whose names have never bred a winner, distance 3 furlongs U WoloUns bro Touchstone byVocpasian Guv Esperance 8st 66 (Wabli 1 T Hra> forth such a use Anthony by Epigram Kim (lib nUovvnnco) 8st. 2 b (berney) 2 J M Gil h bf Jasmine by Respite Jesse mine (lib allowance) 7s. Hill (Carroll) 8 J Finnie a bit Hoe by Piscitot- Raflanco (including 10 b p nulty) 8s 10lb D J H Lists of Miss Pitsford, b liar that Miss i Mitford st 0 in Webbs of clarionette, by Epigram Gnmeeililb allowance) 7st life 0 J Final s b f Lurline bk Guineas to um Sst 0 Betting 5 to 4 v Touchstone, 5 to 2 Rose and Miss Pitsford filly. A good start, in Anthony and Jvmino being the best away, Claremont last at the back WaMi took Touchstone, to the front, and at the half-mile the field were all together Touchstone led round the turn with Sir Anthony second and Jasmine third The race was now over, for Touchstone came on hard hold, and won in a canter by four lengths, with Sir Anthony second and Jasmine third Time, 1min 21sec UaMHOU HURDLE. Race of 100 Sovs with Stteepatukesot Tho 8 each dom be more see, lit her of to re el e 20 sovs from the party distance all but 20 miles in li villa man's gig Dynamite aged 9st. 8lb 2 (thickens) 1 W H Barker eng. Uosun aged 8st Dib (Woods) died J Greenwood's br g Newbold Sytitra near (Le, cal) feet Level money Bo'sun and Dynamite Another good start Dynamite" was the first to show in front, but he was soon steadied, and Newbold took the load, with the tray second Coming into the straight Newbold struck the hurdle but was cleverly recoverd Pass on the stand Newbold ted, with Bosun second, and Dynamite last. Be sun went to the front at the quarter-mile, but at the hurdle at the half mile Newbold fell, rolling on his jockey Bo'sun now led Dynamite past the stand by about three lengths, but at the back Do name to got on terms and the two in ed for the lend, both horses being in trouble At the turn Bosun was in front, and going for the hurdle that was partly knocked down Kt by nature, upon the inside. Bo'sun, however, led into the straight and, taking the inside running won after a capital finish by half a length Time, Smith 7sec A protest was lodged against bosun for crossing, who was disqualified, and the race given to Dynamite. rink. Australian Plate of 100 Sovs (100 boys. presented by John Greaves Rpq and 2 0 boys from the club) added to a handicap sweepstakes of 3 sovs each from starters, second horse SO voy s and third horse 20 sovs from the prize, distance 2 miles G HurgesB s b li Phoenix, aged Cat. 121 by King Cole -Alison v (Burns) 1 T Armstrong's b g Ajax aged 7st 10lb by Warlllto-Piradox (Waddel) 2 J Utíillabrg Wrato G youre 7st 12th In Wen minstir-Pcil (Brightwell) 3 J P Jjsts b h Potronol 5 years 8st. 7lb (totally) H J Williams b ch h Yabba, 3 years 8st. (Fox) 0 Betting 5 to 4 v. Pirate 5 to 2 Ajax and Potronol, S to 1 Ptieenix and Wob A fair start was effected, though Ajax was last away Yabba at once went to the front, and at the quarter mile was followed by Potronol, Pirate, Premier and Ajax, in the order named The names orders continued to the straight, where Yabba led by over three lengths Passing the stand Yabba had a lone lead, followed by Petronol (pulling double), Prepare Pirate, and Ajax At the quarter mile post Parade went up third, Mid at the back the field were all together excepting Ajax, who still brought up the rear At the half mile Yabba and Pctronel went together, closely followed by Phoenix and Pirate Yabba again led into the straight, closely followed by Putronol, but the latter was soon after at the ship, and Yabba now retired At the back Ajax made a run and led with Press u\ second followed by Pirates and Yabba, with Pelroutl last Passing the half mile, Pirate made his effort, but Phoenix, who had deprived Ajax of the lead, was lost in the straight, and though all we do at the whip up the straight Ajax could never quite get up, and was beaten by a length, Pirate being a fair third, Yabba fourth, and Pctronel last Time, 2min 37sec A protest was laid against Phoenix for crossing, but was dismissed ALL-AGED STAKES of 100 SOVS will SWOOP stake a of 3 tons each for starters second ber of to reach of 20 sold from the prize weight for age, U mile J Finnie a bl in My Love aged Sat 121 (W Blacklock) R O BaknrscliK Friction acres at (Bard) 2 J P Jest s cb h Ormond 6 years Div. 1: b (Welling) 1 A i' Carrington s b" c Fine 3 years 8st 3 Betting Level money Friction and My Love, 3 to 1 v Ormond. The Dig fell to a (good start Ormond led past the stand closely followed by Fruition, My Levy, and Fair The same order continued round the back, but at the half mile Friction closed up to Ormond At the turn Friction and Ormond were together, with My Love third, and Jane close up When fairly in the straight, My Love came through, and so on, hard held, by a length from 1 notion, who beat Ormond by a head for second place Time 2min 1496 list remain llAsmciPof boys with sweep stakes of 2 sovs each from starters, second is ran IS cows from Ihaprlzo, distances a mile In France I say , acceptance boys at scale XV Armstrong s t g Leinster, 6 years 7st 8lb (Waddel) 1 O R. Jones s ch h Freedom 6 years 7st 10lb (luoKor) 2 0 Hogan which AScot 4 years 7st (Burns) 3 1 P JostBbrf GrarMful yours 7st 4lb 0 H B Haldane has Fiction 6 years 7st 4lb 0 J P Just Behm Laurels 3 years 7 t 2lb 0 Betting Level money Leinster, 5 to 2 v. Laurel II, and 5 to 1 any other. After several breaks away, the flag fell to a fair start Leinster at once went to the front, followed by Ascot and 1 action, while Freedom was last away. At the quarter mile Leinster lol, ve ith Freedom second, Laurel II being last. At the back Leinster held a lead of three lengths followed by Freedom, I fiction, and Ascot Hub order continued to the finish, Leinster winning with ridiculous case by two lengths, Freedom second, Ascot third, Fiction fourth, and Laurel II. last. Time, 2min. 44sec. 2 