LEES V. FARNAN. £400 AND THE AUSTRA- LIAN CHAMPIONSHIP. SEVENTEEN ROUNDS HARD BOXING. THE POLICE BREAK UP THE RING. THE ENCOUNTER RE- NEWED, WHEN LEES WINS EASILY. THE, MEN ARRESTED AND BAILED OUT. [ So great was the demand for last week's issue containing the account of the glove contest between Lees and Farnan that, despite the fact that several editions were printed, the supply was in a very short time exhausted. The holi- days, too, intervening, precluded a further issue. It has, therefore, been deter- mined to reprint the salient points of the contest, together with the careers of the men, and a quantity of additional interesting information. ] The Men's Careers. T. Lees was born at Tamworth, in New South Wales, on I6th June, 1858. He is therefore just on twenty-eight years old; he stands 6ft. high; weighs 12st. in condition ; has a chest measurement of 40in. ; biceps, 15in. ; fore-arm, 13in. ; calf, 16½in. ; and thigh, 23in. At nineteen he was appointed New South Wales Government assistant road superintendent, which position he held for two years. He commenced taking boxing lessons at Professor Miller’s gymnasium about two years and a half ago, and showed much aptitude with the mittens. At the same time he learned to wrestle, fence, run, jump, and walk, and became proficient in these and in singlestick exercise. He also on one occasion put up the 120lb. dumb bell three times with one hand from the shoulder without a rest. In 1884 he went to Sydney with the Miller- Foley combination, appearing at the Academy of Music. It was here that he boxed with Sealle and Jackson, who was beaten twice by Farnan, Jackson trying his best to knock Lees out, but without avail. Made a match with Cribb, an Adelaide boxer. 13½st., for £50, one to win, Marquis of Queensberry, ordinary- sized gloves. The match came off at Orange, New South Wales. Six rounds were boxed, Cribb then getting his quietus with a hot right-hander on the side of the face. Shortly after returned to Melbourne and boxed with O'Brien at Peter Newton's benefit, at the Lyceum Hall. Only two rounds were boxed when O'Brien closed, and, coming down heavily on the stage, had his leg broken. Lees next met Farnan, the South Melbourne heavy-weight boxer, at O'Brien's benefit. Three very smart rounds were boxed, and then the stage was rushed. Farnan after- awards offered Lees £25 to face him for four rounds. This Lees accepted, but owing to the difficulty in obtaining a hall the match had to be abandoned. Just previous to this latter offer a purse of 25 sovs. had been subscribed by a number of the patrons of boxing, and it was arranged that Lees should meet Atkinson, a 12st. boxer. The affair came off in private, and in the eleventh round Atkinson was brought heavily to grass with a powerful right-handed hit on the point of the jaw. It was admitted by those who witnessed the oontest that Lees had improved greatly in his boxing during the past few months, and that he promised to make a good man. For some time afterwards there was a talk of Lees being matched against a well-known Sydney amateur, but the affair fell through. Farnan's friends, too, wished to pit their man against Lees, and finally a match for £100 and the championship was made. The boxing came off on 19th May, 1885, Lees winning in 12 rounds. The return matoh was brought to a conclusion on 20th April, 1886, Lees winning in four rounds, after seventeen rounds on the previous day. W. Farnan was born at M‘lvor Diggings on 23rd September, 1851. His parents re- moved to Emerald Hill shortly after he was born, and he has resided there for the last 34 years. His age is therefore 35 ; he scales 13st., and stands 5ft. 9in. in his stockings. His first appearance in the ring was at Young Buffer's benefit in 1872. In 1873 he fought Jack Charles at Hickin’s Rooms, and beat him in half an hour. Shortly after wards he fought Charles again at Hickin’s. The fight lasted about three-quarters of an hour, but, as they were bluffing him, Farnan would not fight any longer. Fought Charles for the third time at the same place, but, being in bad con- dition, he gave Charles best in twenty minutes. Did not appear again for some years after, until Mace’s arrival in Melbourne. At Tom Gurney’s he had a hard go-in with Dubbo. Soon after had another go-in with Jack Thompson for Turpenny's benefit. In the same room he stopped George Green in one round on another occasion. Subsequently, Jem Mace started a room in Little Collins- street, and gave money prizes. Here Farnan fought Liverpool Bill for £2, and beat him in a couple of rounds. Mace, thinking Far- nan had not done enough for tbe money, got Jim Smith to have a go at him the same night. Farnan also beat him, in less than one round knocking him out. Then Liver- pool Bill challenged him to fight the follow- ing Saturday night for £5. They met at Mace's, and Farnan beat him in ten minutes. Two weeks after fought Miko (Bullocky) for £2, he being two stone heavier than Farnan. Beat him (Bullocky) in twenty minutes, the spectators singing out “Go it, little ’un,” to Farnan. Bullocky had beaten Jack Charles in ten minutes at Hickin’s Rooms some months previously. Jim Hogan asked Far- nan to spar with him at his benefit at Christie's. Farnan beat him is seven minutes At Jem Mace's place in Bourke-street Farnan fought Billy King, of Sandhurst, for £3, and beat him in twenty minutes. King was also a stone and a-half the heavier man. Soon after fought Bill Blakeley, a brother blacksmith, for £5, and beat him in twenty minutes. Mace gave a trophy of £10 for three couples to fight for. Farnan’s man would not fight. Fergie and Bullocky were the ones to stand in. Farnan ought Jack Fergie, and knocked him out the first round. Fought Bullocky second time he following Saturday night, and beat him n twenty-five minutes, thus winning the rophy. Dick Atkinson was then readied up by his friends to fight Farnan, Mace giving a rophy value £10. Farnan beat him first ound. Some time after Charley Bichardeon was got ready, and Farnan fought him at Newton and Nathan's for £10, and beat him in seven minutes, knocking him down five or six times. Farnan fought Newton for satisfaction, and knocked him out of time in a quarter of an hour. Farnan went to Sydney in 1882 and saw Foley, but could get nothing satisfactory. Farnan challenged any man in Sydney to a glove contest, under Marquis of Queensberry rules, bar none, far a consideration. He showed it to Foley, who asked him what a consideration meant. He said two-thirds to winner and one-third to loser. Foley refused, but said he would fight for £500 or £1000. After the Milier-Foley glove fight Farnan challenged Miller in the Sportsman to a glove contest, two-thirds to winner and one- third to loser, but received no answer. The next time Farnan met Foley was at the Vic- toria Hall, where he challenged him again. Foley said he would meet him as soon as he came from Sandhurst and Ballarat. The following Thursday night Farnan sparred with Foley, but Foley's business compelled him to return to Sydney next day. Farnan's challenge to Foley to beat him (Foley) in half an hour, or give him the whole of the takings, was issued in the Sportsman. Foley accepted, and offered £20 expenses to go to Sydney. Farnan refused, but offered to give or take £50 expenses (which Foley accepted) to come to Melbourne. After considerable discussion, it was agreed that if the £50 were put up at once, articles to the effect that the loser re- ceive twenty-five per cent. and the winner seventy-five per cent. should be signed. Foley, however, declined to ratify the action, and refused to come to Melbourne. Farnan then claimed the boxing championship, and challenged Foley, or any other man, to con- test the claim for £100 a-side. In 1884 met Jackson, of Sydney, at the Victoria Hall,for £200 and the championship, winning easily ; in September of same year, in Sydney, again defeated Jackson. Was beaten twice by Lees—once on 19th May, 1885, and on 20th April, 1886, The Encounter. First Round.—Farnan at once led off, but was short with his right. Some cautious sparring, and then Lees' left glove was lodged on Farnan's face, but only lightly. Two or three times the same left was used, but without any damage being done, Farnan stopping quickly. The round closed with “no cocks’ eyes out.” Second Round.—Farnan managed to get his right twice on to Lees’ body, but not with sufficient weight to leave a mark. In return he received Lees’ left once, twice, thrice on the nose and mouth, steadying him, and sending him back amid cries of “Well, done, Lees,” “ Bravo, Billy !” After a lot of dancing about, Lees skipping round the ring, with Farnan after him, the former stopped short, and twice planted his left on the old spot, Farnan making an ineffectual attempt to get his right on to his oppo- nent's ribs. Lees, in turn, twice tried a stab, but was short, but, as compensa- tion, again got his left home on the face. Third Round.—Lees opened the round with a viciously meant stab, but got low down, and was countered lightly on the jaw. This Farnan followed up by brushing Lees’ face with his left. Then the latter came close up, and swinging his left, timed his blows well, and landed repeatedly on the same spot, forcing Farnan's head back each time, and stop- ping him using his dangerous right. Once more Lees got home with his left, and then tried for the “ Darby Kelly.” Farnan, however, was boxing with both hands much lower down this time, as though to protect his body. There was some inconsequential countering, and then Lees planted a heavy left-hander on the other's nose, bringing “ first blood.” Lees had done so much the best work that an offer of 3 to 1 on him found no takers. Fourth Round.—Both quickly up at the call of “ Time.” Lees at once went to work with his left, both on the face and body, Farnan appearing utterly un- able to keep clear of them or duck his head. Out of some countering at close quarters Farnan made a vicious hit with his right, but missed. Lees feinted once or twice, then swung in his left on the old spot, at the same time cross-countering heavily with his right on the side of Farnan's face. He tried to repeat the dose, but this time hit over his opponent's shoulder, the force of the blow being spent by the time it reached the back of Farman’s head. Farnan here made a feeble attempt to get in both hands, and, had Lees been quick, he might have administered a telling upper-cut. He was, however, strictly obeying Newton's instructions not to leave an opening, and contented himself with planting his left as a steadier. He went back to his corner with a corky step, and amid cheers and counter cheers. Fifth Round.—Lees banged his left three times on Farnan’s nose and mouth, and then danced out of harm’s, way, and so as to work the sun into Farnan’s face. For each one that the South Melbourne man gave he received threefold in return. He was sent up clean at the commence- ment of the round, but the repeated visitations kept “ the tap ” going. Lees varied the monotony of his left-handed work with an occasional stab, but Farnan managed to ward off the full effects of these, though, once or twice, they had plainly touched him up. Despite the punishment he was receiving, the South Melbourne representative was, as usual, proving himself as “ game as a pebble.” Sixth Round.—Lees at once led off with two heavy left-handers, and then reached Farnan’s ribs with a short right hit. He followed this vigorous treat- ment up with a strong dose of the left. Some hot countering ensued, out of which Farnan came with some more face punishment. One hit in particular, sent the South Melbourne man staggering back, and they went to their corners with Lees having all the best of it. Seventh Round.—Lees, directly they got on their feet, commenced work with his favourite left. Then Farnan closed up, and at close quarters Lees dashed his right on to Farnan's face, receiving in return a quiet smack on the chin. Then Farnan tried his right on Lees’ body, and the latter ran all round the ring, and in going past his own corner was once more grazed with Farnan’s right glove. Again they were at close quarters, and again Lees received a reminder on the ribs. Farnan had done most of the work in this round, and was loudly cheered as he went back to his corner. The South Melbourne contingent were in great strength. They backed their man up with great force, but behaved otherwise with the utmost decorum. Eighth and Ninth Rounds.—Both these rounds were remarkable for nothing but the persistency with which Farnan came up for his gruelling, and the regu- larity with which he received it. Once Farnan got a smack on the neck that made him reel. He made a feeble at- tempt at a return, and swung in his left, but Lees easily and cleverly ducked away, and went for a smart run, amidst mingled laughter from his friends and jeers from those of his opponent. Tenth Round.—Farnan seemed to freshen up a bit, and bored in on his agile adversary. He tried his left on Lees’ face, but was stopped, and some quick in-fighting ensued, of which Far- nan, as usual, got the worst. Once, in running down one side of the ring, Lees turned round, and Farnan, in jobbing at him, struck him on the buttock. New- ton at once claimed a foul, but did not press the claim. At the same time, he goodhumouredly remarked that if it had been more to the front it might have a “big difference.” Eleventh Round.—That the pace was telling on Farnan was easily ap- parent in the beginning of this round. Lees made a feint with his left, and Farnan, in putting up his hands to stop it, nearly fell forward, and was straight- ened up with a flush hit on the mouth. Four times in succession did Lees get his quick left right home on the same spot. All he had to do was to lean back, measure his distance, and then throw the whole weight of his body into the blow. Once Lees swung round, and had Farnan been a quick, and clever boxer, he might have taken a summary revenge. “Steady, Tom ! you've got all day before you,” came from Peter Newton, and Lees drew himself up, and finished the round with another hot ’un from the left. Strange to say, despite the banging he had been subjected to, Farnan executed a few steps of a break-down as he went to his corner. This raised the spirits of his supporters, and they cheered him heartily. Twelfth and Thirteenth Rounds. —The same old game. Abe Hickin and Morris sent their man up in good style punctually at the call of “Time,” but it was only to have him made a chopping block of. Once, in his eagerness to pit his opponent, Lees got too close, and re- ceived a reminder on the ear. Then he drew back, and planted his left on the mouth, sending Farnan back to his corner with the remark, “How do you like it this time, Billy ?” and repeating the dose three times in succession. In Lees’ corner Peter Newton and Harry Barnett were as busy as bees, having everything in readiness for their man’s return. The latter, how- ever, seemed to require but little assist- ance, a slight shower from the water sprinkler and a suck of a lemon supply- ing his wants. Fourteenth Round.—When this round opened, it seemed any odds on Lees. Ten to 1 was offered, but without takers. The South Melbourne party hoped against hope that their represen- tative might get in one of his right handers that would stem the tide of fortune that was running out so rapidly. They had nothing to complain of in their man as regards pluck, but he seemed shoulder-tied. Bang, bang came the inevitable left, and the majority of the round consisted of a series of short forward runs by Farnan, followed by a jerk back as he was punished on the eye, the bridge of the nose, or the mouth. Fifteenth Round.—Both men were, up very quickly. Lees kept his left going, and the seeming inability of Far- nan to stop it or “give change” for it brought forth, cries of “Now then, South Melbourne, rally up.” But their repre- sentative was waging a faster losing battle every moment. He managed to dab his right on the side of Lees’ face, but all the powder was gone. Lees smiled, and Farnan smiled back, and the two treated each other to a little chaff. But all the time Lees was prowling round panther- like, looking for an opening. Just before time was called Lees smashed in his left twice, and then countered heavily with his right, Farnan trying feebly to stop it. At the conclusion of this round the authorities showed a disposition to inter- fere, but were prevailed on to allow a couple more rounds. Sixteenth Round.—There was nothing noteworthy in this round, the style of punishment having grown really monoton- ous—to the spectators. “Keep up to him, Billy,” from a South Melbourne partisan, brought the retort from Lees— “You wouldn't keep up long if you were in his place.” Up they came again, Lees leading with his left, and following it up with the right. He was, however, a bit wide, the blow going round Farnan’s neck. There was some quick countering, Lees having all the best of it, stabbing Farnan in the stomach, and then smacking his left and right all over the South Melbourne man’s face. Over and over again did that slaughtering left come in, but without bringing the reci- pient of the blows to the grass. Seventeenth, and Last Round.— Directly the word was given they got to close quarters, and Lees tried his right on Farnan’s stomach, but did not get all the way, Farnan drawing himself up. Then the latter made a poor attempt, and for his trouble received a stinger on the jaw. The blood was coming pretty freely from his nose and mouth, and, alto- gether, he presented a “distressful” appearance. Abe Hickin, in particular, had done all be could for his man, both by verbal instruction and practical illus- trations of how he should place his hands. But it was all useless. It was plain that Farnan was badly outmatched, and that a very few minutes more must close the affair. The police this time warned the men to desist, and finding their remonstrances useless, obtained the assistance of one of those round the ring. This fellow, in the most cowardly man- ner, pulled up the stakes, thus allowing the troopers to ride into the centre. An excited scene ensued, but the spectators were too wise to attempt to “fight the law.” The men retired to their quarters, whither also went the referee, who, after a short time, instructed Messrs. Newton and Hickin to meet him at Prevot's hotel at 12 next day. A Second Attempt Having failed, late at night the referee made another appointment. This time, the men were to be in readiness in Spencer-street at half-past 5 on Tuesday morning. It had been wisely decided that the number of those to be present should be very limited. Each side put down eight names, and the list was signed by the referee. Under this arrangement the attendance scarcely numbered thirty, all told. Directly the spot was chosen the tape was called into requisition, and in a very few minutes everything was in readiness. For this event, Mr. H. Thompson was time- keeper. Farnan was the first in the ring, but was soon followed by Lees. This time Hickin won the toss for choice of corners. Chairs were placed comfort- ably, and the legs of both men were vigorously rubbed. Then, receiving an affirmative reply to the query of the referee “Are you all ready?” “Time” was called, and the men and seconds crossed hands for The Renewed Encounter. First Round.—Farnan’s right eye looked closed, the bridge of his nose sore, and his face puffed. He adopted a peculiar attitude, standing side on, and crouching low down. Lees for a few seconds hardly knew what to make of it, and kept dancing round the ring. Peter Newton was, however, quick to perceive that Farnan's sting had been effectually drawn, and, contrary to his advice on the previous day, instructed Lees to go in with a “You can't miss it.” Then Lees commenced play with his left, and drove Farnan back without trouble. Second Round.—Lees led off, Farnan going weakly for the body. Lees tried another hit, but was neatly stopped— indeed, for a moment or two Farnan seemed to be boxing better ; but it was only for a moment or two, for he caught a heavy left hit and collapsed. Hanging out the finishing sign, he was sent to his corner with a whack-over the eye. Third Round.—Lees saw the game was all his own, and began to do just as he liked. He smacked his left on to Farnan’s nose, and then cross-countered with his right. He was right on the mark every time, and Farnan came down heavily on the turf on the back of his head. Fourth Round.—This round was made up of a succession of floorers. Farnan stood up only to be sent down again like a child. Once as he was rising Lees stood over him, and when Farnan stood on his feet struck him again with the same result. There was an imme- diate cry of “Foul !” from Morris and Hickin, on the ground that Lees should have retired to his corner. The referee, however, disallowed the claim, at the same time permitting Farnan to remain a minute in his chair, instead of ten seconds. The South Melbourne representative was sent up again, but only to receive the same treatment. At last Lees himself was tired of it, and called out — “Why don't you take him away ?” This remark was backed up by the referree, and at length Farnan’s seoonds wisely threw up the sponge to save further useless punish- ment. Farnan seemed dazed for a little while after, but ultimately shook hands with Lees, remarking that he supposed he was growing too old for the game. At the same time he seemed disappointed at the action of his seconds. Some conversa- tion ensued between Farnan and Lees over the charge made against Tom Harvey in connection with the previous match. Morris at the same time ex- pressed his regret that the charge should have been laid. The party then returned to town, the coach being stopped all along the road with inquirers as to the result of the match. The Men's Arrest. In a very little time after the men had returned from the encounter on Tuesday morning, the news got abroad that war- rants had been issued for the arrest of both Lees and Farnan, on the charge of “unlawful assault.” These were duly executed during the afternoon, and almost immediately Lees was bailed out by Mr. J. Warne and Farnan by the Athletic Editor of the Sportsman. It was rumoured, further, that summonses were out for a large number of those present at the encounter, but. on inquiry from the police, it was elicited that but a few, in addition to the principals, were to be called on to make their bow before the magistrates. Public Opinion. “What can they do ?” was the uni- versal query. The boxing was strictly under the Marquis of Queensberry rules, with full-sized gloves—indeed, as more than one teacher of boxing pointed out, they were much larger than they as a rule used with their pupils, also that the gloves had been previously handed to the authorities. In addition, the Williams- town police were present in great force, and must testify that the whole affair was brought off with the utmost order and deoorum, and with an entire absence of anything that would, to the lay mind, constitute an unlawful assault. It was considered somewhat singular, too, that action should have been taken under the existing circumstances, and in face of the fact that an almost tacit consent had been given to the bringing off of these matches on previous occasions. All the afternoon and on Wednesday several influential citizens who had been present at the match called at the Sportsman office to express their sympathy with the men, and surprise was expressed that the authorities should have thought fit to proceed in such a summary manner as contained in an arrest, when a summons would have served all purposes. The “Sportsman” Defends On Wednesday morning the proprietors of the Sportsman announced their inten- tion of defending Lees and Faman on the charge brought against them. They at once perceived the force of the argu- ment that boxing under the Marquis of Queensberry rules is as much a game of skill as wrestling, fencing, singlestick exercise, &c.; Further, that in this latter connection a man may be much more severely punished at a bout with the “sticks” than he .could be with such gloves as those used by Farnan and Lees. Under these cir- cumstances, it was determined to make the present case a test one. As I have before written, the surroundings were favourable. The gloves were even a little over the prescribed size under the Marquis of Queensberry rules, the men boxed fairly and honourably all through, and when Farnan's second found his man had exhausted his endurance he declined to allow him to box any longer— by this action precluding the possibility of his receiving any injury. Thus, then, it was decided to use every legitimate means to make clear to the court that the Queens- berry matches are fair, straightforward ones, that they are numerous in New South Wales, New Zealand, Queens- land, Tasmania, England, and America, where they are brought off in public, and are witnessed by many thousands of spectators. Another point the pro- prietors of the Sportsman, on behalf of the boxers of Australia, wish to make plain is — that nothing is further from the thoughts of the principals in these matches than to evade the notice of the police. In the present instance the men were obliged to go into the field solely because there was no hall available that could furnish the 24ft. ring prescribed by the Queensberry rules. To everyone it must be patent that the boxers them- selves would only be too glad to secure gate money. The interest displayed in the present contest was so great that large sums would readily have been paid for admission to any hall, with a correspond- ing advantage to both winner and loser. For these reasons, then, and in pursuance of the course it marked out from the first—the encouragement of all manly sports—the Sportsman undertook to defend Lees and Farnan. Accordingly, on Wednesday night a meeting was held at the Sportsman office. There were present Messrs. Miller, Curran, Warne, Hickin, Victor, Kingsbury, Newton, Lees, and one or two others, when the matter was thoroughly threshed out, and a line of action determined on. Scene in Court. The men were ordered to appear at the City Court at ten o'clock on Thursday last, and punctually put in an appearance. The bench was crowded. Mr. Gillott appeared for Lees, and Mr. Daly for Farnan. Besides the defendants, the court was crowded with sporting men of all departments, the ordinary court habitué being but sparsely represented. Lees looked well and smiling, and Farnan had almost entirely re- covered from any ill effects he might have sustained in the encounter. Just before entering the court, and on catch- ing sight of Lees, he once more expressed his conviction that he had not been com- pletely defeated, and expressed his wil- lingness to "box Lees every day for a week." The two had barely been called upon to answer to their names when the police authorities asked for a remand for a week to Williamstown. The reasons advanced were— first, that the contest had come off in that district; and with regard to the time, that there were more summonses to be issued. Mr Gillott then asked why the warrants had not been issued at Williamstown, or why warrants had been issued at all, instead of sum- monses being taken out. The reply to the first part of the question was that the warrant was good anywhere in the baili- wick ; but about the second portion a discreet silence was observed. It was noticeable, too, that in describing the alleged offence the officer asking for the remand was at a loss how to describe the match. In speaking to the bench he began with “The fi—I mean boxing or whatever it is—came off on the 19th inst.” Then those in court smiled. Neither Mr. Gillott nor Mr. Daly had any objection to the remand. The former gentleman had lying before him the “very identical” gloves employed by Lees in the match, and these he dangled before the eyes of the magistrates, at the same time asking with a smile whether their Worships thought much harm could be done with “that sort of thing.” The Bench, however, declined to enter into the merits of the case, and contented themselves with granting the remand accepting the same amount—namely, £50 each—but permitting the men to become their own sureties, Mr. Daly having pre- viously made the remark, “My client (Farnan) is a substantial freeholder in South Melbourne, and not at all likely o run away.” Outside the court a large crowd was gathered, and on the men coming outside a marked demonstration of approval was made, the general idea being that they had been acquitted. Both the men were surrounded by groups of friends and news-seekers, and the questions asked were innumerable. A numerous throng accompanied Lees and Newton up Little Collins- street, round Russell-street, and on to Warne's Uni- corn Hotel. Around Hickin's Hotel, too, there was a goodly number, all eager to learn the “verdict.” For that, however, they will have to wait till next Friday. Concerning the Match. Despite the fact that a certain section of Farnan’s friends are disinclined to believe that he was thoroughly beaten, the majority candidly admit that the second match was only a confirmation of the first, and that were the men to meet again the result must inevitably be the same. Far- nan has lost none of the respect formerly entertained for him by his defeat. Everywhere you go the same admiration is expressed for his exceeding game- ness, and his dogged perseverance in continuing a losing contest. “Ah!” said an ardent South Melbourneite to the writer the other day, “if Farnan had Lees in a sixteen-foot ring, or on a stage, the result would be very different.” Even about that there is necessarily a different opinion, Lees' friends maintain- ing that in any ring he could beat Farnan. Still, there is no doubt that where the latter could get to close quarters without having to chase his agile adver- sary the boxing would be more interesting —from a South Melbourne point of view. Farnan’s friends say that he will box no more. But just as the veteran warhorse pricks up his ears at the well-known sound of the “fall in” trumpet, so it will be difficult to keep this game boxer out of the ring. Further, though defeated by Lees, there are still not many boxers who will dare to take liberties with the South Melbourne rep- resentative. Our Picture. This week we present our readers with two capital portraits—a full length picture of Thomas Lees, the “champion boxer of Australia,” and Peter Newton, his trainer and second. The portraits are from the Vita studio, and have been transferred to the wood by Mr. Calvert. An Acknowledgment. Per Favour of the Editor of the Sportsman. Sir, — Please grant me a small space to return my thanks to one or two gentlemen to whom I am indebted for valuable and timely aid in connection with the Lees and Farnan boxing contest. Foremost among these are Messrs. J. Warne and T. Curran, who placed every facility in my way to enable me to do my work for the Sportsman as thoroughly as possible. At the ring-side, too, I received every attention from the seconds and friends of both Lees and Farnan, all of whom endeavoured to render my task of note- taking under somewhat trying conditions as little uncomfortable as possible. To the gentleman who furnished me with an empty sack to kneel on I am especially indebted, as to this little attention I ascribe my escape from an attack of rheumatism. Your Representative. Tom Harvey's Vindication. To the Athletic Editor of the Sportsman. Sir,—Will you kindly insert this letter. Eleven months ago a glove contest took place between Thomas Lees and W. Farnan for £50 a-side and the championship of Australia, which Lees won. I had the misfortune to train Farnan and second him on that occasion. On the 27th May, 1885, through your sporting columns a statement went before the world that I had drugged Farnan. In your second issue, dated 3rd June, I most positively denied, and do so yet, that any foul means were resorted to. I have had for eleven months to wear that stigma, and wherever I went it was cast at me in the dirtiest manner possible, and in many instances I have been assaulted. But I think the result of the last con- test has entirely cleared me. I took no part in it. I did not even go to see it. I have no ill-feeling towards Farnan —quite the contrary, I always did my best for him. Though I am fifteen years Farnan's senior I can see, as soon as he or any other man, a man’s defects, and from the flrst contest I said he hadn't the ghost of a show with Lees. When I went to Sydney with Farnan for him to box Jackson a second time we went alone. If I had wished to do a dirty act that was the place for me to do it, as the Sydney people used every means they could to score a win. Both the Sydney and Victorian papers gave me the credit of standing to my man almost alone. During the last eleven months three running grounds have been opened in Victoria, and a number of our rising athletes have often asked where they could get a man to train them, and when my name was mentioned to them they said, “Is that the Tom Harvey who drugged Farnan ? If so, he’s not the man we like.” I have trained athletes for all kinds of exercises, both in New Zealand, Tasmania, Sonth Australia, and New South Wales, also in Victoria, and this is the first accusation laid against me. I now ask the public acknowledgment of the straightness of my conduct. I must thank Lees for his championship of my cause with Farnan at the conclusion of the late contest, and the Athletic Editor of the Sportsman for calling pointed attention to that championing.— Yours, &c.;, Tom Harvey. Coventry-street, South Melbourne. Our readers should try Dr. SCOTT’S GENUINE HOP. This valuable preparation is a most refreshing stimulating beverage with a pleasant fruity flavour. Most agreeable tonic.—Hotels, Grocers. 2s. 6d.—Rocke, Tompsitt, Agents.— [Advt.] 