UP ON THE MOOR You wou't easily find, even in Devon shire, a prettier spot than Goombe Bur leigh. The score or so of thatched, deep- porched cottages, forming the village pro- per, lie near me moutn of a narrow glen, dowu which the Burleigh brook hurries noisily along its winding way. A few farm-houses lie scattered on the -steep, wooded sides of the glen, and near them bare patches of rich, red soil mark the course the plough has lately taken. At the head of the valley a grand swell of blue moorland rises boldly up against the sky, here and there lifting itself in'o a great granite tor. For Coombe Bur leigh lies on the edge of Dartmoor ; and all but on the moor there stands, some mile or two from the village, the big old house in which for many a generation past have dwelt the Carews of Coombe Burleigh. One morning last shooting-seasou a very comfortable aDd pleasant little oarty had assembled around the loaded break fast-table at Coombe House ; for Squire Carew fairly brimmed over with hos pitality and benhommie, and his hand some, cheery wife came no whit behind iu the same delightful virtues. Then a. I kf.j /I F t « mere was juaugu vsarew, a rrana ana fearless girl of twenty, whose soft black eyes, raven hair, aud creamy complexion told that the Squire was not far wrong in boasting of her as ' pure Devonshire, born and bred.' J nst now she is bnsily ministering to the creature comfort of her brother Tom and his guest, Aleck' Fairburn a young Highland laird, whose acquaintance Tom had lately made in town, and in his father's own hospitable fashion had brought home for a week's shooting on the moor. For some days after the arrival of the young men raiu bad fallen in a downright aud persevering fashion, which made the Highlander feel at home in his new quarters at once ; bnt to-day the sun shone cheerily out, and all preparations had been made for a long day's sport. ' But you most beware of the Dart moor fogs, Mr. Fairbnro,' said Miss Madge, presently. ' Yon know they came down with extraordinary sudden ness and it's no j ike to be lost up on the moor in a fog, I assure yon.' The young laird turned to her with a smile. ' You forget, Miss Carew, that fog is no stranger in the Highlands either, aud that we have our moors as well as you. I must have profited very little by the deerstalking at home if a mist makes me suddenly forget the points of the compass.' But all the points of the compass together won't save you from tambling into a peat-hole full of ink-black water, or pitching, head lirat down an old quarry, when the' fog is so thick yon can't see a yard before yon,' persisted Madge. ' I think you may make yourself easy on my account, though, of course, I am honoured by your solicitude. A sports man mast be prepared for a certain amount of risk, but I have never yet- failed to keep my feet from such dangers as you so vividly conjure np, Miss Carew.' There was just enough pride in the yonng man's gay tone to check the reply which rose to Madge's lips, but not to prevent a quiet whisper to her pet brother as she stood at the ball-door to watch the start. Don't let Mr. Fairburn wander off alone, Tom, if you can help it. Tou know our fogs better than he does.' And good-natured loug-limbed Tom nodded ready assent as he followed the Squire and his guest down the broad old steps. The three had done a capital moroj ing's work, and covered maoy a mile o broken, undulating moorland, before they sat down to their one o'clock lunch. So, perhaps, it was no great wonder that when the good things Madge's own fair hands had carefully packed for them had been discussed with such appetite as four hours' steady tramping coald give, both Tom and the Squire should throw hemselves luxuriously back on the short, warm tur and, from gazing in silence at the fleecy clouds sailing overhead sink into one of those brief, delirious slumbers in which alone we taste the full enjoyment of sleep, while their two followers were bnsy disposing of the remains of the feast. But Aleck Fairburn was one of those uncomfortably restless mortals for whom even such an indulgence holds out no temptation ; so that though for a little while he kept watch over his dozing companions with a laudable attempt at patieDce, it needed only the sight of a large bird sailing slowly down the wind at some little distance to make the young laird spring to his feet and seize his gun. ' There goes a heron ! I most have that fellow to stnff and pair with the one I got last year. Til be back in half an hour, Mitchelmore.' The head- keeper looked np from his lunch with an aggrieved expression on his shrewd, weather-beaten old face. 'Now, look'ee here, Jan Pearce,' he; remarked, severely to his subordinate, as he watched the young fellow depart at a long swinging pace : ' when ns- started, this blessed mornin', young Squire, he saith to me, " Mitcbe'more," eaith he, " daunt'ee go fur to lose sight o that there young gen'leman, 'cause he'm a stranger to these 'ere parts." But I just put it to 'ee Jan, fie it rayaonable to ax a man o' my years to go aff a guse-gander- ing in the midst o' bis vitties f I. hain't a goin' to do it, Jan Pearce ! So there J' ' Ees fay, Maister Mstche'more, assented the nnder- keeper, warmly. . : Us wants our bit o' vitties ail so well5 as the quality, ns doth ! And so both Squire and young Squire kuowtfa, and takes their little rest like Christens. But they farriners be pnir wfaeesht sort o bodies — maze as a JBheep, the half o' 'em ! Lit uo go, m sister- he'm i>lg enough to ffitra <9M n' IiittoI' .mirifl llftVA A 'fait 'DIOIB vwiu v -aaaaauwa. J - N— pasty in pace, do'ee now f : ; So the 'funiner Was deft to pursue his prey In solitude. lOh,.and ,still jon, flapped that heron before ttst j 'T,riow: alighting, till he was almost tempted to risk a long shot, "then".' slowly ;riring and sailing assay out of : night, lleady,; but never quite!: Thordinight havtbfrtent an evilBpirit luri' tth i!i«)!» Re" s traction, so pertinaciously -did lt con-. trive to keep f?.: chase And Mr. Fsirbnni svas not only a keen . .eporismux beaten; from hid pw ' :'v V "l-.. ' ; pucsuit, until lie was at length recalled to a sense of the situation by finding bis farther progress checked by a little river which wonnd its way along the bottom of a steep ravine, and, standing on the edge of the clifi had the mortification to watch the heron flap slowly away into- the blue distance. Then with a hasty ejaculation, Aleck turned away and took ont his watch. ' By Jove ! nearly four o'clock, and I promised to be back in half an honr 1 A nice sort of fellow they'll be thinking me if they have waited there all this time., Well, I suppose there's nothing foe it bnt to make the best speed back again. It's east for about aa hour aud then a bit south, I know.' No misgiving as to the correctness of this conclusion entered Mr. Fairbnrn's head till after nearly an hour's sharp walking. Then an uncomfortable sus picion that the great tor before him was strangely unfamiliar iu aspect gradually forced its way to the front. Just at the same time the wind suddenly shifted to the west, aud before the question of the tor's identity could be settled the whole horizon had vanished from the wanderer's sight, and a dense, dark fog advanced over the moor with giant strides, till it completely enveloped him in its chill embrace. To attempt to advance in the sadden darkness seemed folly, for pitfalls abound ed ou every side ; and even Aleck Fair- buru's impetuosity was so far quenched that he sat himself down on a great block of grey granite to await the couise of events. A quarter of an hour — half an hour — an hour went by thus, and still no hint of the cold veil being lifted. Then Celtic impatience could no longer be controlled. ' Bog- holes and quarries be hanged 1 I can't Bit here all night,' exclaimed Aleck as he rose from his hard seat, his limbs already chilled and stiff. ' There must surely be some sort of shelter to be found, even in this forsaken end of the earth, if one does but look carefully enough for it. At any rate, I can't stand this any longer.' But it was desperately slow work iu the semi-darkness, feeling one's way cau tiously forward Over the rough and bro ken ground, thickly strewn with sharp fragments of granite ; and the autumn evening was far advanced before Aleck at last found himself near a human habita tion — a low, stone hut, which seemed to start out of. the ground at his feet, so suddenly it loomed upon him through the fog. The cottage stood quite alone, surrounded by a low stone wall, which enclosed a little bit of land that had been reclaimed from the moor. But no friendly gleam shone out from the small square window to welcome the weary and belated traveller, nor did his loud and continuous knocking elicit any answer from within. Still, inhabited or uuinhabited, the hut offered at least better shelter for the night than the cold damp moor could do. So, with oue vigorous push from his broad shoulder, Mr. Fairburn presently forced open the low door and stambled forward into the dark apartment. At first he thought it untenanted. There were embers on the hearth, but not a spark of life in them. He spoke, but no voice answered. When, however, he succeeded in striking a match be observed, in the furthest corner what seemed a bundle of clothing, and further enquiry resulted in the discovery of an old woman huddled together iu a state of most abject terror. Aleck en deavoured by gentle .words lo allay the alarm which his forcible entrance had evidently excited, and after some time succeeded with difficulty in inducing her to qnit her place of refuge. ' I've a got nort to give 'ee, rir ! nort to give 'ee 1 If 'ee was to tak' arl there be in the place, it wouna' bring 'ee ten ehillin, I eweer. What do 'ee want wi' a poor old eonl like me ?' ' Come, gnidwife, yon don't really take me for a burglar V said Mr. Fairburn, laughing. ' You know I knocked civilly enough and long enongh, too, before I made my way in in this unceremonious fashion. Surely you don't expect a hun gry man, who has lost his way in the fog, to spend the night contentedly ont there on the moor while he sees fonr walls before him for shelter 1 Jast let me have a bit of fire and a little food of any sort yon've got, and Fll lie down on the hearth here till morning, and pay yon well for yonr tronble.' The owner of the cottage was strangely dismayed by these veiy modest demands. ' Daun't 'ee go vnr to ax .me to do it, zir, now dannt'ee,' she pleaded, earnestly. ' I'm a lone widder-wo man ; widder Trownson, they carlls me ; an' Fve a got nort vit vnr eentrv. to Bet avore 'ee. Can't 'ee go on jlst a hit varderl It hain't tnore'n ite mile or zo down to A , where 'ee might get the beet o' eveiythin' to the Bine Boar 1 And what be ite mile to the like o' you, zir ?' ' Not very much, perhaps, gnidwife, in the daylight, but a good deal more than I am disposed to undertake just now. Come, make the best of a bad job, there's a good old creature ; and when you find a bit of gold in yonr hand to morrow morning you'll forgive me the little trouble I shall cause you. And I'll promise to mend your door for you into the bargain ! -Unly let me nave a bit of fire at once, for this fog of yours has dulled my very marrow.' Widow Trownson began new ex postulations; which her visitor sum marily cut short. 'Just tell me where you keep your wood, or peat, or whatever it is, and Til soon .have a blaze myself, if yon really are too' scared to aet abont it for me, gnidwife.? Thin threat seemed at once to collect the old .lady's scattered wite, and she hurriedly hobbled from the room, mut tering as she went : ' He'm that masterful, he'm . jast nayther to hold nor to bind! Lit nn take It on'e head if harm cometh of it' -After a short absence, - the widow Mtornnd with an abundant supply of peats, and . vrith trembling fingers has- tened td build is a fire, whote glowing heat soon iratoredihe escalation of the young man's chilled frame . Then, with WdaCtity ihnife in contrast to her pre vious lelactancs!, ghe jwoceeded to place bn the table a-ooaraB IpM and a piece of «M ajcoii, «nd initeVi® j jpreifore some ihBatr of " jriddi'tih' aoihe degree ipimaSSS:'iSe liB'raSlMnoTO.aVouT, dmrig -iuore jtetite v toShe:«canty raed, .bis hoefctts absented hereelf, but pintiytpptaredwltKaRtrangeair' iwt , ' r - ' I've a made ee np a bed In there, zir,' she said, iu a trembling voice, pointing to an inner apartment. ' Yer hononi'll vind it clane, tho' maybe it Wot zo zoft as you'm used to lay on. Will 'ee be plazed to go in now, zir, and give me off yer wet things to dry 'ere by the fire, ready for the morn V ' I hope I haven't taken your own bed, gnidwife ?' ' Nay, I sleepeth alius in the press- bed, yander. Then I'll gie yer honour a end o' caudle now, an' ye'll gie me out the wat cloze, want'ee 1 I'll hap up the fire, an' they'll be dry's a bone by the morn.' ' Really, my ancient hostess grows quite attentive,' thought Mr. Fairburo, as he retired for the night into the little lean-to at the back of the hut, and willingly complied with her injunctions regarding the outer portions of his attire. The sheet which covered his impromptu couch was of the coarsest, but fragrant of lavender and thyme, and if the straw mattress was hard, it was also scrupulously clean. So, as.. the weary wanderer sank into dreamless repose, his last conscious thought was to the effect that bis unpleasant adventure, had after all, led to a very tolerable con- clusion. Had Mr. Fairburn suddenly opened his eyes some three hours later, he might have felt less confident on the subject Close over him there leant a tall, powerfully-built man, with the look of a hunted animal in his small, sharp eyes, and the firm lines of desperate resolve imprinted on every feature. Slowly and noiselessly the door had been opened, admitting a few faint red rays from the dying embers iu the onter apartment, and with the dexterity acquired by long practice in evil ways, the intruder groped his way forward. Near the pallet he paused to cast a look of keenest scrutiny ou the sleeper, while his fingers closed more firmly on the short iron bar he carried. Satisfied tbat the occupant of the bed was indeed unconscious of his presence, the man proceeded to the corner where Aleck bad placed his gun, and noise lessly seized the weapou, which he con veyed with the same caution into the outer room. Then he retnrned aud felt about with his fingers, which seemed almost to bave eyes io their tips, until he discovered the cartridge belt Aleck had worn on the preceding day. This was removed in the same stealthy fashion ; and then came the last and most delicate stage of the operations. With the iron bar fiimly grasped in his right hand, the left hand of the nocturnal visitor was by imperceptible degrees slipped under the hard pillow, and as slowly withdrawn, together with the watch and pocket-book deposited there for safety. Just then there was a slight movement on the sleeper's part, and as quick as thought the heavy bar was raised above his bead. Fortunately for Mr. Fairburn, his slumbers were deep and sound tbat night, and though the eyelids qnivered, they did not nu- close. Silently the bar sank again, and in a few moments more the door was closed as qnietly as it had opened, and Aleck was again alone. When he awoke next morning, the son was shining brightly through the single .pane of greenish glass which lighted his sleeping apartment. Ae ablutions were evidently, owiug to force of circumstances, out of the question for the present, almost the first act of his toilet was, to call aloud to his enter- tainer for the outer garments of which she had so hospitably taken charge the previous night. No answer was re turned to his appeal, however, and Mr. Fairburn called still loader. Still eilence, aud he got impatient. ' I say, gnidwife, where are you 1 Don't yon hear me call ? I — want — my — clothes !' But not even an echo answered. ' Confound that old idiot ! She's gone off for water or something, and for gotten all about my things. I must go and get them myself I suppose.' So wrapping himself in the faded patch work quilt which had adorned his conch, Mr. Fairbnro flung open the door of the other room, and proceeded on a tour of investigation. What was his surprise when, crouched in the self-same corner from which she had been extricated the previous even ing, her hands clasped in mute entreaty, and an agony of terror depicted on her wrinkled face, he found his missiug hostess ! ' Poor old thing ! She's evidently a little wrong in the head,' said the yonng laird to himself 1 mast try and humour her a bit.' But at the first soothing words he attempted the frightened creature crawled forward and elapsed his knees convulsively. ' Yor the love o' heaven daunt'ee harm a pure old widder 'ooman what wan't be long out o' her grave anyhow, an' I'll tell 'ee the gospel truth, zo zure as death I wall !' 'There, there, gnidwife, I'm not going to hurt you or anybody else. Get dp, there's a good creature, and get me my coat and trousers, that's all I" want. JJOU fit 1UUK. DU auaiou yuu uiuu y wfo® me for a ghost walking in broad daylight, did yon V You'm Z'ire you wan't hurt me when I tell 'ee arl f I be in my zeventy-vour', vrail as a bird, I be !' I won't say what I shan't do if . yon keep me standing here much longer ! Where on earth have you put my clothes! You haven't burnt them by accident, have you F ' Oh, wat wall 'ee zsy when I tell 'ee ?' Aud Betty Trownson fell to sobbing violently, while still clinging to her guest's knees. Mr. Fairbnrn fairly stampted with vexation. ' Confound it all ! What on earth am I to do with this old lunatic ? They'll have sent a search party from Coombe by now, and it may be up here directly as likely as not 'A pretty figure I should cat if Miss Madge put her head id the door just now! By the way, I. Wonder what dine it 'really ia.' And freeing himself with difficulty from the 'Unwelcome 'embrace, hlr- Fehr- fanrnistzode . lustily! towards .ftie Inner - room,:"'4iie: improimtn disaBU-gOwn fltniuig boldly ont>|«ldnd-!lifo aaoly 'foip. ' ! jn anoth imnhte be iWturuMi C 'h'eb there Ikw beien ! some IdevUryorotheFg iybnWjd .cnsB t0 be . Jnjhteued— mx watch, and ray money/ And ray gun aR gonel iTell |ne this iostaot were they are, or I'll shake the truth out of yonr old body !' Notwithstanding bis angry words, Aleck lifted the sobbing old woman gently enough from the floor, and placed her in her wooden arm-chair. ' Bat first of all tell me where I shall find my clothes 1 I can do nothing with out them, for certain.' ' Oh, zir ! — dann't 'ee be zo wrath wi' me ! — they'm a gone too !' ' Gone ! gone where V gasped the victim. ' He've a took 'em, yer honour — Black Jan — au' the watch, an the gun, an' arl ! But wan't 'ee have they things he'tb a left vor 'ee to wear instead 1 I've a got 'em arl safe vor 'ee.' And drawing from within the press bedside a bundle of clothing, the widow displayed before the astonished gaze of the young laird a suit of homespun, coarse indeed in texture, bnt pleasingly varied in hne, each parti- coloured gar ment being farther conspicuously adorned with a huge inwoven ' broad arrow,' in short, the strikingly distin guished costume pecular to the inmates of Dartmoor Prison. Mr. Fairbnrn's first impulse was, I fear, to indulge in some exceedingly stoug language. But apparently there was something in the grim humour of the situation which suited a Highland Bense of the ludicrous, for after a minute's dismayed gaze at the novel style of attire offered for his adoption, Aleck bnrst into a laugh so loud and long that the widow in her turn thought her gaest bad taken leave-of bis senses. But when the laugh was over, Mr. Fairburn spoke gravely enough. ' Come, gnidwife, a joke's a joke, but yon must give me a more lucid explan ation than this if you dou't want to see the inside of Exeter gaol. What the dickens have yon to do with Black Jan, who so liberally places his wardrobe at my disposal f And why didn't you at least give me the chance of a tussle with the scoundrel V Betty Trownson was plainlyimmensely relieved that her tidings had resulted in nothing harder than words, ' Oh, zir, do 'ee be thankful that 'ee be spared zafe in life and limb to zee the light o' this blessed day, instead of a lyin' in there a mangled corpse ! There bain't a more desp'rate villain alive than Black Jan wan the blid of 'un is up, an' he couldn't ha got they clozs any other way.' The allusion reminded Mr. Fairbnrn of the decidedly incomplete nature of his present attire, and led to a hasty adjournment to the inner apartment, where, seated on his mattress and wrapped in his patchwork robe de chambre, he listened to his hostess's rambling narrative. It appeared that she had known ' Black Jan,' alias John Hearn, from his boyhood, he having been born and bred on the moor. While still a youth he had fallen into evil company and evil ways, and at length on a charge of house breaking he heard a sentence of ten years' peual servitude pronounced against ' him. Then, naturally, he had vanished from the sight and hearing of honest folks ; until as the solitary widow sat dozing over her fire the previous afternoon, a man in convict dress had stood suddenly before her, panting and exhausted from a run of many miles — ' Black Jan ' himself, who, having escaped under cover of the fog from one of the gangs at work on the moor, now half-besought, half-threatened the lonely old woman into affording him a temporary shelter. ' Then the scoundrel was actually in the place when I knocked yesterday afternoon !' interrupted her auditor. 'Ees fay, he was! An' both of ub thought zure 'twas the sodgers after un, though he'd a made me put ont my bit o' vire vor vear It might sarve 'am vor a guide. I'ao'uyjist a vinished a hidiu' of an in the peat sack, out at the back, wan 'ee brock oppen the door in that vashion, zir, an' I was jist vair mazed wi' terror.' 'Small wonder, yon were so anxions to torn me out on the moor again ! But how came yon to change yonr mind, gnid wife, and become bo hospitable all in a hurry !' ' Didn't yer honour spake o' goin' out to get the turfs yerzelf and wasn't I quakiu' like a leaf vor vear there'd be biidshed between the two ov 'ee ? vor Jan had a zwore he'd never be tooked agen alive. And though 'ee be a vine vigure of a man, zurely, you'm no match, zir, vor Black Jan, the best wrastler in arl Devon, an' a head higher than yon, bezides ! Ze wan I gooed ont to get they torfs an' he zweared to me I man either get they cloze an' money vor he, or zee thee murdered ovore my eyes, I thiuked it wor no zin to zave the life ov 'ee at any price. And beyides, yer honour, to tell 'ee the whole truth, one winter's day many a long year agone, Jan Hearn corned up here to bring me a rabbit he'd znared — twan't long after my ole man was a took — and he findth me a lyin' arl alone zick well-nigh to death's duore, an' he rinned a matter o ite mile to vetch the doctor vor I ; an' zo it zeemed I couldn't stand by an' zee an shot down by they sodjers like a mad dog, if zo be T /»nnld 9.iva tha Iifa of tin ! T mada un zwear if he got they clozs an' money he wonldo't harm a hair ov yer honour's head, but go straight off voreign, an be a honest man vor the rest o' his daye, and thanks be to praise, he'm a gone.' And I'm left stranded np here with a convict costume for sole attire 1 Well, gnidwife, I suppose from your point of view you acted for the best, but you might as well have given me a voice in the matter, I think. If a ten-pound note and a shoo'.ing-suit will really make an honest man of yonr friend the burglar, why. it's certainly cheap at the price — to the country at any rate ; bnt I must con fess 'Black Jan' seems to me to have started oh his new career in somewhat questionable fashion. What did he want with the gun ? Har z&lth; hur mast have the gun, zo as to pass bizzeV off von a gen'leman ont shootio' iozed ;in the vog, jist: as it might be yer honour yerzeL By now . I doubt "he'in on the railroad, well-nigh ho Bristol, moat like, vnr he spake «' goin' aboord. ship there.',.; i' Aud I wiBh good luck to the\«hip that getsmi'ffl oFtocions Jqiiah. I shall belieye in his reformation when he sends back :at>icasttlie price «f -ray. iiew1 gun— whit about u . clothes Jhqtiaetal -'-<IF«oura I ran't putpn those abominations.' yer ltononr be ;gojn'j(o,!do/qhless eo be 