CONFIRMATION SERVICE AT THE CHURCH OF THE APOSTLES. At the Church of the Apostles, Mar garet-street, yesterday morning the rite of confirmation was administered to a large number of communicants by the Right Rev. Dr. Murphy, Bishop, of Hobart. At 8 a.m. early mass was celebrated by j the Dean, Rev. Father Beechinor, i at which a large number of tbe : juvenile portion of the congregation : joined in the communion serrice in anticipation of the 11 o'clock ceremony. At 11 o'clock punctually the procession, comprising 50 girls and 80 boys, marched from the Convent to the church, the boys occupying the weBt end and the girls the east, whilst the immense congregation fi lei the nave and all available space. The 'Missa cantata' was celebrated by Rev. Pore Marshal Mary, of St. Helen's, at 11 o'clock, and at its con cluti)Q the Bishop entered the Sanc tuary vesed in the cope, and wearing the precious mitre, and bearing the pastoral staff, ascended the pulpit and read from Acts ii., 1 to 11 verses. He afterwards expatiated at great length | upon the nature of the Day of Pentecost, the coming of the Holy Ghost on the \ Apostles, and the marvellous effects of its visitation. He also explained the impart ing of the Holy Spirit in all subsequent ages upon the members of the church, and narrowed his remarks upon some of the gifts which his young hearers were to receive that day, viz., wisdom, counsel, fortitude, knowledge and piety, and the fear of the Lord. They would receive the same gifts to-day through the Instrumentality of that power which Jesus Christ imparted to lawfully-constituted ministers of His Church. They would receive them as abundantly indeed as did the Apostles, but they would receive them in proportion to the preparations which each child had made for their re ception. In a word, the Sacrament strengthened them, and made them valiant soldiers of Jesus Christ, and helped them to combat the influences of the spirit of the age which was the spirit of Satan, and would enable them to preserve the gifts of Divine grace. Before administer ing the sacrament of confirmation, and prior to leaving the pulpit, the Bishop spoke a few words on the question of edu cation. He had learned from the Dean with great pleasure that the Catholic schools of Launceston were in a flourish ing state, that the attendance was most regular, and he knew for himself, by the experience he had of frequent visits, when presiding at public and private examinations, that those schools had attained a high standard of efficiency, as proved by past results. The Bishop then proceeded to administer the Confirmation, attended by the local clergy. The children came in pairs to be confirmed, after which the Bishop counselled, them all to be faithful unto death, for graces received that day. Before leaving the sanctuary he imparted the episcopal blessing to all present. | At 4 p.m.- tne cnuaren assemoiea m the large schoolroom at the Convent, where an address and memento were pre sented to Dean Beechinor, in commemor.i tion of his ordination 23 years ago, and the Feast of the Holy Trinity, being the occasion of the celebration of the First Mass over the tomb of St. Peter in the celebrated church of that great apostle. The Dean thanked the children for the gift, and made a most feeling and suitable reply. After Vespers, Dean Beechinor ad dressed the congregation, and particularly the children, telling them to make such thanksgiving to God, and to petition for future blessings to guide them through life. The Bishop thea entered the sanctuary, and gave the solemn pontifical benediction of the sacrament, having as deacon and Bub- deacon, the -clergy who attended him in the morning. The musical portion was, as usual, solemn and in* teresting. 