I OUR MELBOURNE LETTER, |' 6-4- MELBOURNE, July 22. We are all in excellent spirits, for the Premier has delivered his budget speech, and shown us that we are in a financially prosperous condition. We have a ? surplus of over £800,000, and a steadily increasing revenue. . Consequently- theoretically-there is no need for any new imposts, manhood, we are promised there ' mission of some imposts. Nevertheless, one increase of impost has been determined upon or rather two the one being a corollary of the other. The duty on woollen goods is to be increased to prevent the cloth manufacturers from being ruined, and the duty on imported woollen clothing is to be in'ÇtoaeCd ,to«pacify the clothing makers, who object to trio increased duty upon cloth. But the reason why the cloth manufacturers are not prosperous is that their! workpeople have demanded, and have succeeded in obtaining what they asked for, a reduction in the hours of labour. Consequently, the cost of their produce is increased. As the effect of both tjC these imposts will be principally felt by the class , who are always clamouring for more leisure, it is only another verification of the truth that, the whirligig of time really does bring round its revenges. The Opposition are much dejected at the hopeful condition of the colony. There is nothing for them to grumble about ; there is no provocation for a light. The only thing that could be seized upon seemed to be the hulk business. During the war scare, the Government of the time meaning the first coalition- Government bought some hulks for £5800, and subsequently sold them for £100. This transaction has been denounced as infamous. Itwasajob, it could not help being a job. Somebody had to be bribed'. What could the Government want with these rotten hulks The simple explanation was that they were wanted to sink in the south channel to block up the water-way against an invader. The invader did not come, and so they were not sunk ; but as they began to sink themselves in the wrong place, they were sold for anything they would fetch. In fact, the Government were rather lucky not to have to pay somebody for towing them away and breaking them up. Of course £3800 was a large sum to give for rotting hulks, but Uto G Government extremity was the vendor's opportunity. The vendor might have done a patriotic thing, and presented them to the Governmont. Perhaps, he never thought how much credit he might have got from being patriotic On the other hand, perhaps he did think of it, but he preferred the money. Generally when it comes to a question of money or patriotism, money wins. As a matter of course, the budget debate will be spun out as much as possible. It is the Opposition's ? only chance. The have gone home now to study the subject, and they will use magnifying glasses to help them to bid out its defects. The bitter thing in the business to the prosperity of the country and the general contentment which prevails. There is no cry, no grievance, no means of anguish going up to heaven. Everybody is well fed, and the report just furnished of the director of the Government Savings Banks, shows that there never was a larger amount of deposits in hand. The so-called working classes have little to do, and they get very well paid for doing it. For all this, ruffianism is on the increase. The business of the police courts, especially in the suburbs, is something appalling. It is wearisome to have to refer to the outrages committed by. young men who indulge in those bursts of savagery. A gang of them rushed into a lecture-room the other night, and behaved themselves a good deal worse than savages, for there was no motive in what they did. Another band of them, a few nights after made the streets of Fitzroy terrible by a like behaviour. Some of them on the following day were sent to gaol, and they left the court singing obscene songs. They glory in. their shame, and when they are in prison they plot now outrages. As some sort of remedy for this lawlessness, the Supreme Court Judges, in their annual report of the working of the Judicature Act, just furnished to the Government, among other recommendations, advise an alteration of the law with reference to the separate confinement of criminals. The law at present permits of their being sentenced to solitary confinement, but only for deli as to periods. When the '.' solitary " is over, they go back to their associates in prison and plot as usual. It is urged by the Judges that if criminals, can in certain properly selected instances, be sentenced to a separate incarceration, so us to be prevented during all the time from taking evil counsel from their follows, there will be a better chance of their reformation. No doubt this recommendation supplies nothing now, but it is felt to be a good thing to have been put into the form of definite advice by so competent a collective authority. The Premier of course, had a good deal to say on the subject of the Post and Telegraph Department. "We have all known that it was never a self-supporting system, as the railways now are but it is just a little disappointing to hear that it is increasingly remunerative No doubt the immeasurable public convenience it supplies, is in some measure an answer to the complaint that it-is allowing business, but no one pretends to deny that it would be more satisfactory if it were self-supporting. But a very large class of persons in -this- colony have no feeling in their minds other than to get as much as they can and pay for it as little as may be, no matter what the loss to the State. There was never any sufficient reason for a reduction in the price of telegrams from a shilling to sixpence. Those who solid telegrams can as easily afford a shilling as sixpence. The sixpence saved is only wasted, and now it is found that the prediction of a large increase in telegraphic business has not resulted. Pretty nearly the same number of people send telegrams now as they did before, and the State is the poorer, without any real compensating advantage to the community. The same clamorous persons are always urging that letters should be reduced to a penny in the colony, and probably in time they will carry their point, and the same loss will follow the reduction as has followed the reduction in telegrams. If you tell one of these selfish persons that every time he pays sixpence for a telegram he leaves himself a debtor to the State in about fivepence more, you address a deaf man, or you render yourself liable to be told that you have no idea of progress ; and then he begins to talk of Rowland Hill and the advantages to the world of the cheap postage system. They always run off into generalities and abstractions. Dr Lewellin was garotted and robbed in Fitzroy Gardens the other night street later than 10 o'clock? No policeman is over visible in Fitzroy Gardens. I have passed through them many times of an evening, and I never saw one. I have seen persons who in all probability werothioves, although they never declared themselves as such in a practical way. Indeed, when you come to think of it, no place could have been better contrived for that kind of stealing two denominate " sticking-up." For the walks are most of them in shadow, and a garotter can hide himself most effectually until you are close upon him, and then where are you The locality was always a favourite one for sticking-up. I remember it when it was no garden, but only a wilderness of disreputable looking gum-trees, with a noisome gully in the centre. At that epoch nearly everybody went armed ; but a good many people also went drunk, and it was the drunken people upon whom the night prowler Ecized. Those were the days of successful diggers, who carried about with them large bundles of notes, which they were perpetually pulling out to show to their friends, and also to those who were not their friends. Venerable malefactors nowadays, in recording their experience, grieve that the good old times are passed away never to return. It would seem, therefore, as if the younger thieves had a kind of ambition to do what their fathers and grandfathers did five-and-thirty years ago. And it must be confessed that they are tolerably successful in the effort. Some philanthropic persons are interesting them selves to get Mrs. Williams out of prison. Mrs. Williams went to prison six months ago, for throwing her baby into the Yarra and drowning it. She said she was very sorry for disposing of her offspring in this summary way, and she promised faith- fully never to do so any more. Her sentence was commuted to two years' since ceration, but being a person of active habits, she finds the monotony of prison life dull, and so her friends have petitioned the Governor to let her out, so that she may take care of her family. The Governor has not yet given his reply to this appeal. It will probably occur to him that if Mrs. Williams attends to her family in the future as she has attended to it in the past she will soon have not much family to attend to. At the same time as eccentric I, persons Uko Mrs. Williams always evoke a good deal | of sympathy when their eccentricity _ takes the I form" of homicide, the Government will probably recommend the time or to be granted. The case of Mrs. Williams is incidentally interesting, as representing the sort of temper of women of her class generally. It is true they do not, as a regular thing, kill their children, but they beat them with a force which has in it all the energy of infanticide. And their language is consonant with the physical energy displayed. It is no wonder, therefore, that children are driven into the streets, where the boys become larrikins, and the girls do not develop into vessels Miss Elphinstone Dick lectured the other night, before the Health Society, on " Women's Ghosts and Woruon's Foot," both of which organs being com- pressed severally by corsets and high-heel boots become deformed, and so the health suffers. Miss Dick told us nothing which has not been said any time these hundred years, both in books and lectures e, but it was good for her to say it,_iovortholcss. She is a sanguine woman if she thinks to dissuade other women from wearing corsets and high-heeled boots. The Modiste is the real arbiter of a woman's destiny. Nobody may say, with precision, how fashions begin i hut when begun they are followed as one simple sheep follows another, and the epochs insists that they shall be followed. She is the high-priostofs, and her devotees prostrate themselves before the altar at which she ministers, with an unquestioning obedience. Miss Dick, who is a most sensible and intelligent woman, will not convince the devotees that they worship a demon ; but she is satisfied to have done her duty, and there is something in that. 