ON M'NGBSOUS CYROUND. 'XIIVi'.— [Continued.) LEIOESTEU A OB ANY EN VOYAGE — NOT ALL SMOOTH SAILING. By lieavon ! havo I caught you at Inst, ray immaculate) wife ! ' lie muttered, stopping out to watch tho retreating carriage — 'Jove! kept in stylo, too, while you're about it. Down licro, somehow, too. That's dmigoious ; I must find you out nnd sco what's to be done ; ha ! my scornful wife, where is your stand point now 1' . He walked on again, and in a few minutes perceived an old hed''er, iust shouldering his tools to leave his work. The old man touched his hat to the gentloman, as is the courteous fashion of the peasantry, and Albany stopped. , , ' Good evening, friend. Did you see that carriage pa3s just now ?' 'Lord sir, yes,' answered the old man, in a slightly amused tone ; tliey'ro out driving and riding. Madam rides near every day. Them's the muster's pet Wood horses, sir, and young mr.dam rides his own Arabian, which is us handsome as herself, bless her.' ; A fierce thrill of jealousy shot through tho man's evil soul. tie had Hung away tlio ilower himself, but he could not bear to think that another had gathered it. ' Indeed !' he said, with an irrepressible -sneer, 'and who or what is madam and tbe master 1' The truth never struck hiui ; so had lie got it into his head that Sir Arthur's son was a miserable cripple. T'le old mru stared. To him it argued ex traordinary ignorance not to know who the ?' master was. 'Why the mrster is the master — Mr. Douglas Glen-Luna — and madam is Mrs. Albany, his secretary. My lady and all trusts ? everythiug to her. Ah ! she is the sweetest young ladv, sir.' '.' The devil' came between Leicester's set teeth, and for a moment trees and road, and sky above seemed as a mist before his eyes, so completely was lie taken aback by the dir. ? covery that the very woman he would not have had near him now was actually under the same roof to which he was going; his ready wit and thought were completely staggered, ..and it was a minute before the livid lips could .even frame a question. 'I suppose, then, that this Mrs. Albany dines with the family — is treated quite like a friend 1 ' ' Lord, yes, sir ; ye see, sir, I often works in the garden, 'cause the head gardener knows I'm past heavy work, and he gives me a job, and that's how I bear a deal about the Hall ' ? gentry. Mrs. Albany ain't with the family ? much,, though, 'cause she lives in the left wing along with the rest of Mr. Douglas's people. He lives there, ye see, sir, and she's always with him - no one else.' ' But, my good man, I understand that Mr. . Glen-Luna was so nearly crushed in the acci ' dont, — that he was a mere wreck.' 'Did ye, sir? Dear, dear, only to think now. Well, then, he's the most sound bi eautifulest ' wreck ' as ever I see.' . ' And,'. added Albany, 'that he was dying by inches?' ' God forbid, sir ! He may be, iu course ; I ain't no scholard, and can't say positive, but I never heerd that. It'd break the old gentle man's heart to lose him.' ' I suppose so, the only son. And has this Mrs. Albany been with him long?' ' She came in May, sir.' ' A widow, eh 1' ? 'No, sir; the gardener telled me she was separated from her husband.' ? ' Indeed ; and she dosen't, you say, leave Mr. Glen-Luna? — dosen't, for an instance, come into the di awing-roojn in the evening? ' I dori't fancy she do, sir ; but, in course, I couldn't say. It's certain sure she wouldn't be '? there long, 'cause she belongs to the master's service, ye see, sir.' .Albany had got as much as lie could out of the old hedger, so he gave him a shilling and walked on. Good heavens ! What should he do now ? What step must he take ? Had she seen him, and already told her companion who he was ? What if she met him unannounced, unexpect edly, in the house, before others, and at once unmasked him? fie must get a line, only a line, to her some way ; but how, before night? ' The devil is in it !' he said aloud, with : a savage stamp of his foot. 'I must find out more when I reach the Hall, and if . ? she does show at all I must retire with a head ~ ache. Get a letter to her I must. Curse her!' ; ? Curses come home to roost, Mr. Leicester Albany. CHAPTER XXVIII. ? 'RECTJLEK FOUR MIEUX SATJTEE.' If ever a man felt himself to be walking on dangerous ground, now that mail was Leicester Albany ; for although, as he walked slowly on, he matured a scheme of warfare which he was certain must ensure his young wife's silence, yet, 'with all his unlimited self-assurance, there ' yet remained in the background of his mind's picture of safety an uncomfortable, vague, ' : nightmare sort of feeling that, win as he might, for the time, the woman who had stood uncor ' rupted against his foulest devices — the darkest temptations with which he had surrounded her ? would somehow in the end make good iier stem menace. 'Do what you will, 1 will foil you !' To turn back now would be to lose the game before it was fairly begun, and such a retreat never entered into his head. It would ' bo all right if lie could get hold of her before '' she saw him. Even then he must write so that the note would not identify him as her husband, which now it was his whole cue to deny'.' ' ' And I do believe,' he muttered, 'that! have got a blank envelope in my pocket-book. What luck; I'll look for it, so that part ot . tlie'business is easy.' He stopped and looked into the pocket of his handsome pocket-book. Yes, there it was ; ; . or rather, they, for he found two blank en velopes. ? One glance at his watch, and Lei coster Albany seated himself on the bank by the roadside, wrote something in pencil, care fully- disguising his handwriting, on a leaf of the book, tore it out, enclosed it, and in the same hand addressed it — 'Mrs. Albany, care of Mrs. May, ? Street, W.O.' Then he -?rubbed the letter in the dust till it looked shady enough, and, putting it into his pocket with a smile of triumph, proceeded, on his way. His arrival at tho Hall completed the invited guests, for Percy r.osslyn and tho Siltouns had arrived by luncheon time. ' 1 shall scold the groom well for being so late at the station, my dear Brandon,' said Sir Arthur, as the Inst guest appeared in tho drawing-room before dinner. ' Oh, no ! you really must not,' returned Albany ; ' e«pecially as it not only gavo mo a delightful walk, but has, I believe, enabled me to be the means of restoring some property to a lady ; that is,' glancing enquiringly at Jessie, near whom lie was standing, ' if any of you know whether in this neighbourhood there is any one limned Albany. 1 picked up a letter addressed — sue, hero it is 1' 'Why,' exclaimed Jessie, 'Mrs. Albany is my brother's secretary ! That address is where she lodged, isn't^it, mamma ? She must havo dropped it nut. She was driving with Douglas this afternoon.' 'Shall I solid it to her, Mr. Brandon?' sweetly asked her ladyship, completely hoaxed and unsuspicious, with her hand on the bell. 'Thank you, dear Lady Glen-Luna, I hope tite lady has not yet discovered her loss.' Horn a footman noise'essly entered, and re ceived the soiled letter and a message. ' Lady Glen Luna's compliments, and she thought Mrs. Albany must havo dropped her letter while driving, us one of tho gentlemen found it on his way to the llall.' Was tl ero to lie no rest or peace for Gabrielle Albany ! She had just comp'eted dressing for dinner, and camc into her own boudoir, when the message and loiter were given her. The blood seemed to rash back on her very heart, even as the long taper lingers took the dusty envelope. There was no detinitc thought or suspicion, but simply she knew at once Unit cramped odd hand — in pencil too — was utterly strange to her, and that she never had had, ana therefore never had dropped, such a letter. ?' Thank you, James.' IIow calmly slio spoke. — even caielessly. ' It is only an old letter, but still, cany my compliments and thanks to the gentleman. Which of them was it 1' 'I think, madam, it was Mr. Brandon who gave my lady the letter,' James answered and retired. Gabriel'e stood for a minute, with locked hands and breath drawn almost in gasps. She saw at once what this letter — sent under so cunning a subterfuge — really was, and knew that the man to whom so heavy a chain bound her had dared to put into force a scheme which three words of hers could shatter like glass. Merciful Heaven ! and this villain was under the same roof as herself, and worse — ten thousand times worse— under the same roof as the man whose life was dearer to her than her own, dearer than all, save honour. Oh, how thankful she was that this letter had not been given under his keen glance, as she broke it open and read — in that hand which she never could have proved to be Albany's. ' I saw you drive past to-day, and I must sco you alone to-night ; till then keep silence if you value life and honor. I will wait in view of the west wing terrace till I see you come out, and then follow to whatever spot you lead the way.' If at that moment tho writer of that letter had stood before her, and a weapon lain within her reach, heaven only knows what might have happened ; and yet, save that she lifted her hands above her head, as if in mute agony of passionate appeal, there was little outward sign of the tempest within — such a tempest as, if yielded to for one moment, must have swept down all control and left traces which could not have escaped the notice of Douglas Glen-Luna. Must she ever crush heart and passion, and bitter agony ! Could honour, brain, and soul for ever bear the cruel pressure of this fierce, self-suppression, self-warfare ! Was there sin in the very strength that came to her now, disloyalty at heart in the voiceless, passionate cry that went up — ' For his sake ! 0 God ! for his sake I must, I will, bear all I dare all — even to the charge of dishonour 1' Truly, if there was, the sin lay on the head of the man who had broken every vow, every bond, every moral tie that bound him. It was easy for her to steal out when all tho house was still, and at rest, but to meet him quite alone never even entered her head. Faithful, and when required, most formidable, Angus was, by design on the part of his master's two attendants, left to sleep loose in the salon, with the door of the corridor open, so that to take him with her was as easy as to crsep out herself. She was safe enough, she knew, under such guardianship. It crossed her how her husband — a stranger to the man sion —would get out and in undiscovered ; and in fact, that difficulty had occurred to himself, until shown his room to dress for dinner, on his arrival, and there he found that a strong trellis, covered with roses ou'eside the window, would make a ready means of egress and in gress. It was an intensely still, dark night, with scarce a breath of air to stir one leaf of the stately forest trees which towered in the gloom, like some monsters of a dream, as Leicester Albany stole under the shadow like the guilty thing he was, and so skirted round to a shel tered spot which commanded a full view of the west wing, now as darkened as the rest of the massive pile of building. Did the man's thoughts go back nine years, as he stood there in the ghostly midnight hour? Did memory recall a bitter, dark, dreary winter's morning, when he had waited under the gloomy school wall with all a lover's impatience for his mistress, all the roue's eager passion for his newest toy, for the beautiful child almost, barely sixteen, with whom lie was then so madly in love? Did he remem ber how, that morning, after tbe church' had made that child his wedded wife for ever, he had held her in his arms and taken heaven to witness that his love and care should never fail ? And how had he kept that vow through all the long seven years she had lived with him? Did not one flash of remorse or com punction stir him now, as ho stood there, bent on using the foulest weapon man can use against a woman? No, not ono; his soul was a chaos of evil passions, hate, fear, and even a flash now aud again of his old base passion to make fuel for. the fierce jealousy .which ran through all. W atcbing like a tiger for its prey, he pre sently saw a dark robed figure come suddenly — it seemed from he knew not where — on to the terrace, and pause,' one hand holding a huge dog by a short chain. Albany started, with a savage muttered oath. _ . . j . ' What the devil does the girl bring that beast for I I am her husband, after ali en rso tho folly that mado me so I' i But, for all his angry fear of tho dog, lie followed the dark fgurc as it flitted on like a ghost through the gloom towards tho thicfot of trees just in the boundary between too gardens and tho park. Under thoso Gabrielle stopped, and stJ&d; as whito, as still, as beautiful as a classic statue, till her di ew near. Then Angus sud denly crouched, as if to spiing, with such a savage growl and menacing show of wlite teeth, that Albany started back. / ' Hold that damned beast fast,' ho said, between his teeth, ' for if lie touches me I'll throttle him.' j ' [ ndviso you,' she said, coolly, 'not to so much as oiler to even touch him or his mis tress : for the moment you do so I will drop the chain I hold, and ho would pull you down as ho would a beast of proy. Do you think I should bo mad enough to meet you — you, toi cester Albany — in this lonely spot at midnight alone 1 Quiet Angus; you must wait my word, if it is needed. For you, speak at onco'and quickly, for I have already held my peace too long ; but to-mor. ow they shall all know who and what they have in their house. I will unmask the fine lliawk they take for such a dovo.' ' And,' said Leicester, folding his arms on his broad chest, and looking her full in the face with thoso bold, insolent, black eyes, ' in so doing blast yourself.' ' Ay 1 ' she answered with bitter scorn, 'by avowing myself the wife of such a thing- as you ; but more than that is beyond' yriur power. You cannot, daie not, deny our mar riage ; for I have the certificate.' Albanv laughed in snenrme trinmnli. {To be Continued.) 