AMUSEMENTS -. THEATRES. There will be no dramatic representation at any of the theatres this evening, it being Christmas Day, but all the places of amusement will presont special programmes for Monday night. At the Royal will be produced for the first timo in Svdnoy a new and original pantomime, entitled " The Sleeping Beauty, or Harlequin Mother Goose and the Seven Champions," especially written and composed for Messrs. Williamson, Garner, and Musgrove by Mr. Alfred Maltby, the clever comedian and humorist. The cast will be a very good one, including Mesdames , Emma Chambers, Amy Horton, Pasta Moore, Ella Fortescue, Gertrude Powys, Pattie Brown, and Messrs. Greville, Leo- pold, Darke, and Arthur Farley. Tho Faust Family, with whom is associated Herr von der Mehden, and the Raynors will also appear in the opening. The scenery, ballets, pro- cessions, aud mise-en-scenc is said to be of the most novel and brilliant character, and the production should be a great success at this theatre. At the New Opera House the famous comedienne Miss Minnie Palmer will make her first appearance in Sydney on Monday next, in hor musical vaudeville, "Mv Sweet heart." Miss Minnie Palmor will appear as Tina, the character sustained by her with phenomenal success for five years. This will be her 1627th performance. " My Sweetheart" should have in Sydney the same measure of popular success which has. attended its produotion and reproduction all over the world, for, if not the highest art, it is artistically played, and is full of bright pun, fun, and light sentiment. The company is entirely new to Sydney. Mr. Dampier, now that the lessee oí the Standard, Mr. Frank Smith, has made great alterations in the stage room, will produce his Christmas pantomime of " Dick Whit- tington and his Cat" on Boxing Night, with every regard to scenic effect. The company will be a very strong one, including Miss Sophie Harris, Miss Alice Wooldridge, Miss Fanny Wiseman, Messrs. Stoneham, James, and Harry Leaton. The comic scenes will be in the hands of the Cottier Family, and " Dick Whittington and his Cat" should be a popular success at the Standard, particularly as there will be no alteration in the prices of admission. The Gaiety, whioh has been closed for the latter portion of this week for the final rehearsals of the new play, will re-open on Boxing Night with Mr. Frank Harvey's temperance drama, " The Women of the People." Mr. Sheridan, Miss Louise Davenport, and the Sheridan- Taylor Company will appear, and as the Gaiety will be the only theatre presenting strong drama it should secure good audiences. The Criterion Theatre will open for the first time on Monday evening, with the opera " Falka," in which Miss Emilie Melville sustains the principal character. His Exeellency the Governor is expected to be present. At the Academy of Music on Boxing Night, in addition to their present programme there will be produced a new and original pantomime, entitled " A Trip to the Moon, or Harlequin the Witty-un and the Kats and the Sleepless Beauties," especially written for the Federal Minstrels. Mr. Frank Smith will present to patrons of the Alhambra an entirely novel holiday programme on Boxing Night. Miss Schuler, Miss Francis, Miss Martin, add Messrs. Barrington, Fanning, Shipp, and Warner will appear in new songs and specialities, and the company will introduce fresh items in their various lines of business. The Strasburg Clock will be on view at Apollo Hall, Kidman's buildings, Market and George streets, every evening from 7 till 10, and every afternoon from 2 till 5. The model is well worth a visit. Owing, it is said, to the incompleteness of the necessary mechanical arrangements, Mr. D'Arcy Reid's Ghost declined to walk last night at the Old Masonic Hall. No performance was given, and the public were turned away to seek their amusement elsewhere. We are informed, how- ever, that a sacred concert will be given to-night, and the Ghost performance on Boxing Night. 