[continued fkoj Wednesday's suim'i.e ilENT.] UNDER FALSE PRETENCES. A NOVEL BY ADELINE SERGEANT,. Author of "Jacobi's Wxfk," " Martin Duvehii/s Diamond," etc.. CnAlTER XVIIL The Mistkkss op Netiikuoi.en*. "Shall I go, or aliall I not go V' meditated Hugo Lul.troll. lie wiiB lying on ibroad, comfortable-look ing loungo in oiio of tlio luxurious rooms which ho usually occupied when ho stayed for any length of ti no in London. Ho had boon smoking a dainty, perfumed cigarette — ho very seldom smoked anything excopt cigarettes—but lie hold it absently between his lingers, and lindly let it drop, while ho read and re-read a letter which his servant had just brought to him. Nearly two year.! had passed since Richard Luttrell's death ; years which had left their mark upon Hugo in many ways. Tlio lines of his delicately beautiful dark face had grown harder and sharper ; and, perhaps on this account, lie had a distinctly older look than was warranted by his two-and-twonty years There were worn lines about his eyes, and a decided increase of that subtlety of expression which gave something of an Oriental character to his appearanco. IIo had lost, the youthful, almost boyish, look which had characterised him two years ago ; ho was a man now, but hardly n man whom ono would have found it easy to trust. Tho letter was from Angola Vivian. She had writtoen, at Mrs Luttroll's request, tos*<k lingo to pay them a visit. Mrs .Luttrull still occupied tho house at Nothorglon ; and she seemed anxious for an interview with her nephew. Hugo had not seon her for many months ; he had left Scotland almost imme diately after Brian's departure, with tho full intention of sotting foot in it no inoro. But he had then considered himself tolerably prosperous. Brian's death had thrown a shade over his prospects. Mo could no longer count upon a successful application to Mr. Oulqulimm, if he woro in dillicultiea ; and Brian's six thousand pounds melted before his requirements like snow beforo an April sun. lie had already squandered tho greater part of it ; ho was deeply in debt; and he had no relation upon whom ho could rely for assistance—unless it were Mrs. Lut trull; and Hugo had a definite disliko to tho thought of asking Mrs Luttrell for money. It was .no mora than a dislike, however. It was an unpleasant thing to do, perhaps ; but not a thing that lie would refrain from doing, if necessary. Why should not Mrs. Luttrell be generous to her nophow 1 Pos sibly she wished to mako him her heir ; pos sibly she would odor to pay his debts ; at any rate ho could not ulford to decliuo her help. So ho must start for Nothorglen next day. " Nothorglen I They arc still there," he said to himself, as he stared moodily at tho sliect of black-edged noto-papor, on which the name of tho houao was stamped in small black letters. "I wonder that they did not louvo tho place. I should have done so if I had boen Aunt Margaret. ] would give a great deal'to get out of going to it mysfelf!" A sombre look stole over his face ; his hand clenched itself over tho paper that he held ; in spite of the luxurious warmth of tho room, ho gave a little shiver. Tlion he rose and liestiired himself ; his naturo ' Aas not one that impelled him to dwell for very long upon any painful or disturbing thought. lie gnvo his orders about tho journey for the following day, then dressed and wont out, remembering that he had two or three engagements for the evening. The season was nearly over, and many people had left Loudon, but thoro seemed little diminution in tho number of guests, who were strug gling up and down tho wide staircase of a house at which Hugo presented himself at about twelve o'clock that night, and he missed very few familiar faces amongst the crowd as he nodded greetings to his Humo rous acquaintances. " All, Luttroll," said a voico .it his ear, " I was wondering if I should seo you. I thought you might be oil' to Scotland already." " Who totd you I was going to Scotland V' said Hugo. The dark shadow had crossed his face again ; if thoroHvas a man in England whom at that time hbcordially disliked, it was this man—Angola's brother—Rupert Vivian. He did not know why, but lie always had a presage of disaster when ho saw that high bred, impassive faco bosido him, or heard the modulation of Vivian's quiet, musical voice. Hugo was superstitious, and lie firm ly bolieved that Rupert Vivian's prosenco brought him ill luck. "Angela wrote to mo that Mrs Luttroll was inviting you to Nctherglen. I was going there myself, but I have been preven ted. A relation of mine in Wales is dying, and has sent for me, so I may not bo ablo to got to Scotland for some weeks. " Sorry not to see you. I shall bo gone by the time you reach Scotland, then," re sponded Hugo, auiiably. "Yes." Rupert looked down with a re flective air. "Come hero will you," ho said, drawing Hugo aside into a small cur tained recess, with a seat just wide enough for two, which happened at that moment to bo empty. "I have something to ask you ; tliore is something that you can do for me if you will. " Happy to do anything in my power," mumured Hugo. Bo did not like to bo ajked to help other people, but thoro was - a ivant of assurance 111 Vivian's usually self contained demeanour which roused his cuiiosity. "What is it? " Well, to besiiii with, you know the Herons and Miss Murray, do you not 1 "I know them by name. I liavo met Percival Heron sometimes. " Do you know that they have returned rather unexpectedly from Italy and gone to Strathleckie, tho house on the other side of the property—about six miles from Nethor glon 1 " How's that ? "I suppose that Miss Murray thinks sho may as well take possession of her estate," replied Rupert, rather shortly. " May I ask whether j'ou arc f,'oin^' to call ? '• Oh, yes, I ahall certainly call. "Then, look here, Luttrell, I want yciu to do something forme," said Vivian, falling into a more friendly and confidential strain than he usually employed with Hugo. " Will you mention—in an incidental sort of way—to Mrs. Heroii the reason why I have not come to Scotland ? the claim that my relation in Wales has on me, and all that sort of thing. It is hardly worth while writing about it, perhaps ; still, if it camo iti your way, you might do me a service. Hugo was so.much relieved to find nothing more diilicult required of him that ho gave vent to a liuht laugh. " Why don't you write V' he said. " There's nothing to write about. I do not correspond with them," said Rupert, actually colouring a little beneath Hugo's long, satirical gazo. " But I fancy they may tliiuk me neglec'ful. I promised some time ago that I would run down; and I don't see how I can.—iuntil November, at the earliest. And,', if you arc there, you may as well mention the reason for my going to Wales, or, you sep, it will look like a positive slight..: " I'm to say all this to Mrs Heron,' am I ? <1 to tio one beside 1 ii ^hat will be quite sufficient." There was a slight of hauteur in Vivian's tone. " And if / may trouble you with something No trouble Another, message ? » jfot exactly." 3,0u would take care of this little packet for u.ie ^ should be glad. I am afraid of its being ci J'shsd or lost in the post. It is for Miss Heron. . He produced a little parcel, c."^re'ully sealed and addressed. It looked like square bos; Hugo smiled as he took it in .'u3 hand. " Perishable'1" he asked carelessly. ; " Not exactly. The contents are fully a hundred years o!4 sUeady,' It is something for Miss Heron's birtlulay. She is ,1 groat favourite of inino—a nico liltlo girl. " Quito n child, 1 suppose 'I " Oil, of course. Gnu won't bo able to soiid her presents by and by," said Rupert with rathur an unoasy laugh. '' What a' pity it is that somo childron ever grow up ! Well, thanks, Hugo I shall be vory much obliged to you. Arc you going now ? " Must bo moving on, I suppose. I saw old Colquhoun tho othor day, and ho bogan tolling mo about Miss Murray, and nil tho wondors alio was doing for tho Horons. Makes bolievo that tho inonoy is tlioirs, not her own, doesn't sho ? " Yes. " Odd idoa. Sho must bo a curiosity. Thoy brought a tutor with them from Italy, 1 believe ; somo fellow picked up in thostreots. " Ho has turned out a vory satiafactory ono," Rupert answerod, coldly. "They say that ho makes a capital tutor for tho little boys. 1 think ho is a favoiirito with all of them ; ho teaches IVIias Heron Italian. His voice had taken a curiously formal tono. It soundod as though he was displeased at' something which had occurrod to him. Hugo thought of that tone and of tho con versation many times before ho loft London noxt evening, llo was rather an adopt at the discovery of small mysterios ; he liked to draw conclusions from a series of small events, and to ferret out other pooplo'a socrets. lie thought that ho was now upon tho track of^ Homo doslgn of Vivian's, and ho became exceedingly curious about it. If it had been possible to openthobox .vithout disturbiugtho seals upon it, ho would certainly have done so ; but, this being out of tho question ho contented himself with resolving to bo present when it was opened, and to observe with care tho elloct produced by Vivian's message 011 tho facos of Mrs Heron, Miss lleron, and Miss Murray. He reached Dmimuir (whore the nearest station to his aunt's house was situated) at eleven o'clock in the morning. Mrs Luttrcll had sent Iho mail- phaeton for him. As Hugo took tho reins and glanced at tho shining harness and tho lustrous coats of tho beauti ful b.sys, he could not help remembering tho day when the mail-phaeton had last been sent to bring him from the station. Uiohard had then fiat in tho placo that he now occupied, with Angola beside him; and Brian hud Hugo laughed and talked in tho back seat, and wore as merry as they well could be. Nearly two years ago! What changes had been b en since thon! Tho bays woro fulgetty, and would not start at once. Hugo was just shouting a hasty direction to tho groom at their heads when ho happened to glance aside towards the station door whore two orthree persons wore standing. 1'ho groom had cause to wonder wlnt was tho matter. Hugo gave tho reins a tremen dous jork, which brought the horses nearly upon their haunches, and then let them go at such a pace that it seemed as if ho had entirely lost control over them. But ho was a very good whip, and soon mastered tho liery creatures, reducing their mad speed by degroos to a gentlo trot, which enabiod tho groom to ovortako them, panting and red in the face, indeed, as ho swung himself up be hind. Tho groom was inclined to think that Mr Hugo had lost his ncrVe for a few mo ments; for "his face turned as white," honest John remarked afterwards, "as if ho had soon a ghost. " John," said Hugo, after driving for a good two miles in silence, " who was tluif gentleman at tho station door? " Gentleman, sir'i "A young man—at least,ho soomed young —in a »reat-coat. " Oli?—I don't thinlc that:s a young gentle man, exactly; leastways lie's got grey liair. That's the gentleman t.hat teaches at Mr Heron's, sir; Mr Unroll, the undo to Miss Murray that has the property now. His name's Mr Strotton, sir. I askocl Mr Horon's coachman. : "What made you ask? Tho groom hesitated and siiuilled; but, upon being kopt sharply to tli'j ;ioint, avowed that it was becauso tho gontlenian "seen from behind" looked so muqh like Mr Brian Luttrell. "Of courso his faco is quite dif ferent from Mr. Brian's,sir," ho said hastily, noting a shadow upon Hugo's brow; "and ho has grey hair and beard, and all that; but his walk was a littlo like poor Mr Brian's, sir, I thought. Hugo was silent. ITo lmd not noticed tho man's gait, but, in spito of the urey hair, tho tanned complexion, the brown board—which had lately been allowed to cover the lowei part of Mr Stretton's face, and had changed it very greatly—in spito of all thc30 things lie had noticed, and been startled by, tho ex pression of a pair of grave, brown eyes— graver and sadder than Brian's eyes used to bo, but full of the tenderness and the sweet ness thifc Hugo had never soon in the face of any other man. Full also of recognition; there wns tho rub. A mm who knows you cannot look at you in tho same way as one who knows you not, and it was this look of knowledge which had unnerved Hugo, ami mako him doubt tho evidence of ht3 own senses. ITo was still silent and absorbed when he arrived at Xothergleti, and felt glad to hear that he was not to sec his aunt until lator in the day. Angela came to meet him at the door; she was pale, and her black dress made her look very slender and fragile, but she had the old sweet smile and pleasant words of welcome for him, and could not understand why his facc was so gloomy, and his eyes so obstinately averted from her own. It was four o'clock in the afternoon when Hugo was admitted to Mrs Luttrell's sitting room. Ho had scarcely seen her sinco the death of her eldest son, and was manifestly startled and shocked to see her looking so much more aged and worn than she had been two yours ago. She greeted him much after her usual fashion, however; she allowed him to touch her smooth, cold cheek with his lip3 and take her stiff hand into his own, but sho showed no trace of any softening emotion. "Sit down, Hugo," 3lie said, "I am sorry to have brought you away from your friends. "Oh, I was glad to come," said Hugo, con fusedly. "I was not with friends; I was in town. It was lato for town, but I—I had business. "This houso is no longer a cheerful one," continued Mrs Luttroll, in a cold monotonous voice. "There are 110 attractions for young men now. It has boon a houso of mourning. I'could not expect you to visit me. "Indeed, Aunt Margaret, I would have como if I had known that you wanted me," said Hugo, wondering whether his tardiness would ontail the loss of Mrs Luttrell's money. He recovered his self-possession and his fluency at this thought ; if danger were near, it behoved him to 011 the alert. " I havo wanted you," said Mrs Luttrell. " But I could wait. I knew that you would come in lime. Now, listen to what I have to say.' Hugo held his breath. What could she say that needed all this preamble ? " Hugo Luttrell," his aunt began, very deliberately, " yon are a poor man, and an extravagant one. Huso smiled, and bowed his head. " But you are only extravagant. You are not, vicious. You have never done a dis honourable thing—one for which you need bluah or foar to meet the eye of an honest man • Answer me that, Hugo. I may know what you will say, but I want to hear it from . your own lips. Hugo did not flinch. His face asumed the boyish innocence of expression which had often stood him iu good stead. His great, dark eyes looked boldly into hera. " That is all true, Aunt Margaret. I may liive done foolish things, but nothing worse. I have been extravagant, as you 3ay, but I haveinot been dishonourable. He could not have dared to say so much if Richard or Brian had been alive to contradict him; but they were safely out of the way and he could say what he chose. " Then I can trust you, Hugo. :".I will try to be worthy of your trust, Aunt Margaret. He bent down-to kis3 her hand in hi3 graceful, foreign fashion; but she drew it somewhat tastily away. . " No. .^one of your Sicilian ways for me. Hugo. That foreign drop in your blood is just what I hate. But you're the only Lut treU left j'n'nd I hope' I kacivr my duty,.; ] want to havo n talk with you about the houso ami the property and ho oil. " 1 shall bo ithul if 1 can do anything to help yon, said llmjo, smoothly. ITis chcek was beginning to Hush ; ho wished that his aunt would coino to the point. Suspense was vory trying I But Mm Luttrell seemed to bo in no hurry. "Von know, pcrhap3," she said, " that I am a tolerably rich woman still. Tlio land, the farms, and tho moors, and all that part of tho property passed to Miaa Murray upon my sons' deaths; but this houao and tho grounds (though not tho loch nor tho woods) are still mine, and 1 ha/o a fair in come with which to keep them up. I should liko to know that one of my husband's namo was to como after me. I should liko to know that tliuro would bo Luttrolls of Nothergleu for many years to come. Sho paused a fow miuutos, but Hugo uiadu no reply. "I have a proposition to make to you," sho wont on presently. "I don't make it with out conditions. You shall hear what they are by-and-by. I should liko to make you my heir. I can loave my money and my house to anyono I choose. I havo about liftoou hundred a year, and then there's tlio houso atidtho garden. Should you think itwoithhav ing? "I think," aaid Hugo, with a wily avoid anco of any direct answer, "that it is very painful to hear you talk of leaving your pro perty to any 0110. "I'hat is more sontimental nonsenso, re plied his aunt, with a perceptible increase in the coldness of hor manner. "Tlio question is, will you agree to tlio conditions on which I leave my money to you? "I will do anything in my power, mur mured Hugo. "I want you, then, to arrange to spend at least half tho year with me here. You can loavo tho tirmy; I do not thiilk that it is a profession that suits you. Live here, and iill the place of a son to mo., I have no sons left. Bo as liko ono of them as it is in your power to bo. In spite of l.imself Hugo's fnc s fell. Leave tho army, leave England, bury himsolf for half tlio year with an old woman in a socludod spot, which, although boautiful in summor and autumn, was unspeakably droary in win ter? She had not required so much of Richard or Brian; why sliould she ask for such a aaciilioe from him? Mrs Luttrell watched his faco, and road pretty clearly tho meaning of tho various ex liroaaiona which chased each other across it. "It seems a hard tiling to you at first, no doubt, sho said, composedly. "But you would find interests and amusements ill course of time. You would have six months of the year in which to go abroad, or to divert, yourself in London. You should havo a suf lisont income. And my othor condition is that you marry as soon as y»u can find a suitablo wife. " Marry ?" said Hugo, in dismay. "I never thought of marriage ? "you will think of it somo timo, I presume. An early marriage is good for young men. I should like to sco you married, and have your children growing up about me. " Perhaps you hive thought of a suitablo lady 1" said lingo, with a half suoor. The prospect that had seomodso desirable at first was now very much lowered in his estimation, and ho did not disguise tho sullen angor that ho felt.' But lie hardly cxpectcd Mrs Lut troll's answer. , " Yes, I havo. "Indeed! Who is it ? "Miss Murray. Elizabeth Murray, to whom your cousin's estates have gone. " What sort of a porson is sfio'f " Young, beautiful, rich. A littlo older than yourself, but not much. You would make a fino couplo, Hugo. She camo to seo me tho other day, and you would have thought she was a princess. " I should like tosoehor," Baid Hugo, thoughtfully. " Woll, you must just go and call. And thou you can think tho matter over and let me know. I'm in no hurry for a decision. ■ " You are very good, Aunt Margaret. " No. I am only endeavouring to bo jiut. I should like to see you prosperous and happy. And, while you are hero, you will oblige mo by considering yourself the master of the house, Hugo. Givo your own orders, aild invito your own frionds. Hugo murmured some slight objection. It will not affcct my comfort in the least I kept some of the horses, and one or two vehicles that I thought you would lilco. Uue them all. You will not expect to sec very much of nio ; I seldom come downstairs, so the I10U30 will be frco for you and your friends. When you have decided what you moan to do, lot me know. Hugo thanked her ami retired. Ho did not see her again until tho following evening, when sho met him with a question. " Have you seen Miss Murray yet ? " Yes," said Hugo, lowering his eyes. " And have you come to any decision 1 Yea" "I should liko to know what it is," said Mrs Luttrell. Her hands, which were crossed before her oil lior knee, trembled a little a3 sho said the words. Hugo hesitated for a moment. " I liavo made my decision," he said at la3t, in a lirm voice, " and it is 0110 that 1 know I shall never havo cause to repent. Aunt Margaret, I acccpt your 1-ind—your genorous—offer, and 1 will be to you as a son. Ho had prepared his little speech so care fully that it scarcely sounded artificial when it issued from thoso curvod, boautiful lips, and was oinphasised by the liquid softness of his Southern eye3. (7*o be continued.) 