' In Case of War.' It was Elihu Burritt who, m ' Sparks from the Anvil,' poured such ridicule upon his countrymen's common obser vation, ' In case ot a war with Eng land.' It was said that everything solicited of or promised by the Legisla ture was done or to oe aone in case of a war with England.' There was a time when a similar cry in England in regard to Prance was inoBt potent. Careful mothers sent their children to bed without a candle, at the same time assuring them that if they made a noise 'Bonny would come and carry them away.' It would seem that the ghost of this old fear still walks the earth. Even Germany is said to be alarmed at certain movements on the part of France, and that England is being sorely reproved and harassed because her navy is not so good as her neigh bour's, and because that neighbour is certainly meditating a descent upon England. In this wicked design sue is supposed to be prompted by Russia, who will do anything to annoy Eng land, because England has done so much to annoy her. There is now raised in Prance herself a voice clear as the notes of a clarion, showing that Prance has not the remotest intention of fight ing with England, if with anybody else. To be sure that voice is said to be in spired by M. Preycinet, and that that Minister is not now in power. But his absence from office does not carry with it the conviction that nevertheless Prance will quarrel with so good a neigh bour as England, and especially over so poor a prize as Egypt. The idea that Prance would do so is thus ridiculed by the Temps: — Are -we a peoplo of grown-np children or aro wo yielding to a giddy impulse? Hu?e tvo been Unght nothing by experience, or mu=t wa for ever go rnnning headlong? Tho Tonquin affair is at an end, and aie we in quest of another, playing each time with higher stakes, as is the wont of desperate gamblers ? If ttb regard a part of our i'resi as the exponent of the country we are now going in for a terribly big game. Not that each journals tro agreed ?with what adversary -we ought to break alanoe. So»o oglo Buui»in hopes of pitting her against Germany, whereas othorn arc ueoking support at Berlin againit England. The one thing upon ?whioh they are all agreed is upon the fate of tho little conntry -which is defending its indepen dence againat the largest State in Europe. The greater number of our contemporaries have generously aided with the strongest. 'We were aaying that fisher* in troubled -watora -were divided on what point they should direot thair efforts. For tho nonoe their hatred appears to be concentrated upon England, and this coarse offers a tworold advantage. It gives «plau»ibl« ground for contention about Bitypt, and a pro spect of bsing backed up bj those Po-woca who are imagined to bo as badly disposed as wo are towards our 'perfidious' neighbours. That the position of England in Egypt is unjustifiable is not denied ; but the Temps at once admits that if France were in the place of England it would be fully as unjustifiable ; and, of course, if the two nations jointly occupied, the case would be no bettor. The reason is that a country like Egypt ought to be self-governing and ought to have its place, if a humble one, in the family of self governing peoples. But it is a serious question — Is the continued occupation of Egypt by England leading up to that development at which Egypt may safely be left to stand alone ? The Temps thinks not, and hence the sting in the complaint against England. We have always held that Mr. Gladstone's Government had occupiod Egypt without being fully aware of what it was going to do, an* that once in possession of the country it had too muoh ignoiod the rights of Frunoo and forgotten its neighbourly duties towards her by exoluding her from the self-undertaken task of reorganisation. Nor did we hide — and horr could we have done so ? — tho manifold blun ders which turned tho Soudan campaign inw a disaster for British arms, and whioh at the end of four yearR have left Egypt as dupendont as ever upon European support. Only on one point did wo disagree with our oontomporaries as to the intention then and still attributed by them to tho British Government of potpetu atiBg its presence and protection in tho dolta. To argumenta based upon tho alleged avsrioe and bad faith cf our neighbours n o retorted by oslling attention to_ their recent politioal ten dencies, to declaration! that amounted to pro mise), and to facts that bore out theno doolnra tione. Mr. Gladetono is by no moans a politioal trickster, and when at divers periods ho pvo mined the recall of the British forces within a fixed time, and even inado evacuation a plank in bio platform, wo would not allow that tuoh ntterancea -were mere empty wor4a uttered with a viow to hoodwinlr Europo. We re garded them as a Bign of his willingness to undo a tadly undertaken business. The fact is that England is in a position much like that of an American statesman who drove away some larri kins who were tormenting a goat. The boys ran away, tho goat ran at his de liverer. In so'lf-dofence from tho in furiated animal which ho had saved, be had to seize him by tho horns, and thero stood the two, a picture to warn against intermeddling. Tho states man's appeal to the bystanders was like Mr. Gladstone's appeal to the Powers to know what he ought to do. Tho London oonvonticu of Muroh 18, 1885, was that appoal. Tho English Government saw itself obliged to oall for the advice of tho fire great Powers to ngreo with them upon a nuunoial arrangement, to admit their eventual right -to look Into Egyptian finanoes, and to corns to terms with retpeot to tho assembling of an international commiision to settlo free navigation through the Suez Oauul. That being the situation, this is the spirit in which the Temps suggests that the difficulty should bo mot : — In our belief, now moro than ovor is it necos Bsry to sink national envy, and oven the moflt justified cnuuoa for coinplp.int. Of one thing there is no doubt. No English Government would comply with a peremptory request to evacuate Egypt. Although it might givo tho most formal nESuranooa that the occupation was to be only a temporary ono, and express its desire to bring it to an end, it would deolina to give any positivo pledge, for publio opinion -would not allow it to do so. A message was sent to England asking when the evacuation might be expected. By cablegram we learn that England has replied that it cannot take place at present. The Temps asks what would happen if England did at once go up out of Egypt. Did tho English promise to evacuate Egypt, wo should bo nono tho better on that aoconnt. Are. we simple enough to imagine that tfco Khedive is sufficiently strong to do without foreign eupport? Would not tho dregs oJ mutiny left by the inaurreotion of 1S81 ferment again in the conntry once it was abandoned ? And, if so, who would take the place of Eng ine d ? Would Prance ? Would eho undertake this proteotorato in addition 1o those she. exeroiees already ? And, in suoh a oaso, wonld not our position bo as false and oa oontrary to international law sb England's present one is ? There is no eluding facts. Does it do to re main blind to facts when a plan of conduct is to be adopted which may lead to tho gravest ovfints ? To get into a quarrel with England about tho oconpation of Eeypt would bo use less and very dangerous, and wo should bo wanting in dignity if we barked loud without biting unless satisfaction were givon. A Bum mons to England, no matter what different contemporaries may say, to ovaonate Egypt would be war, And it would be the most suicidal war that ever Prance entered upon. 