General News. Was it-Chinkeb. — The Chinese festival has begun in Newcastle simultaneously with great complaints being made of henroosts having been rifled in the suburbs of that city. Gbeneekl bn Fete. — A bazaar in aid of the Anglican, .church, and parsonage debts was opened in Grenfell on Tuesday, fand was continued for the remainder of the week. On Friday night, notwithstanding the inclemency of the weather, the hall was crowded to excess, and upward of' £73 were taken at the stalls. Much credit is due to the ladies of Grenfell for their enthusiastic and1 energetic exertions in connection with the bazaar. Two balls were also held in Grenfell on Friday night, one in connection with the agricultural, show, and the other held in the- Temperance TTaJl. Both were very successful. The Good Templar Bazaab.— The Minister of Instruction visited the Juvenile Good Templar Bazaar, in the Town Hall, on Saturday, and expressed satisfaction at the quality of work dis played. It , is, entirely the work of the young members of the.Dawn of Freedom Lodge, who are the children of working men. Dr. Renwick' specially noticed the miniature ..electric tele graph and galvanic batteries, and found some difficulty in believing that the maker had never received any 'instruction from a practical elec trician. Settlep out of Coubt. — It is telegraphed from Albury .that the assault case, Dr. Cleaver Woods v. J. H. Mathews, which was to have come on for hearing in the next Supreme Court sitting in Sydney, has been settled. Mr. Mathews has paid £255 to Dr. Woods; and has agreed to insert an unqualified apology for an unjustifiable assault, in the Town and Countey Journal, the Melbourne Age, and all the local and district papers. Dr. Woods has handed the amount paid, less his personal expenses in the suit, to the charitable institutions of Albury. Child Found Dead. — It was reported to the City Coroner that about half-past 11 o'clock on Saturday the dead body of a female child was found under a flight of steps, leading from Sussex street to the Hunter River Steamship Company's wjiart, Dy two boys named Jacob lien nett and Frederick Gough, who informed the police. Senior-constable Shimon had the body removed to the South Sydney Morgue. Dr. Marsden, who has viewed-the body, states that he is of opinion that the child had been born alive. The body' was wrapped in a white pocket handkerchief with a red border, portion of a brown skirt, and placed in a small sugax bag, which was tied with a piece of ' crape. A piece of metal, weighing 2lb lOoz, was on the top of the child's head. A piece of dirty linen, an old stocking, and a piece of a copy of the Evening News of the issue of August 16, 1886, were also found in the bag. Municipal Jubilee Meeting. — The Mayor and Mayoress of Brisbane have accepted the invitation of the Mayor of Sydney to be present at the jubilee municipal meeting in the latter city in October. It is probable that several of the Brisbane aldermen and their wives will accom pany the Mayor on his visit. Suicide bv Hanging. — An inquest was held on Saturday, in the South Sydney Morgue, on the body of Charles Joseph M'Lean, who was found dead, hanging from a rope attached to a beam in the washhouse in his residence, 131, Hay-street, on Friday. From the evidence it appeared that de ceased had been in a melancholy frame of mind of late owing to, it. was alleged, pecuniary diffi culties. Dr. Markey, who was called in when the body was found, stated that death had resulted from strangulation by hanging. The jury re turned a verdict in accordance with the medical testimony, with the addition that the hanging was the deceased's own act. Ministerial Inspection. — The Minister of Works on Friday visited Blackwattle Bay, Snail's Bay, and Cockatoo Island. At the former place he inspected the rubble work, which is to be replaced by a seawall; at Snail's Bay he satisfied himself about the works of reclamation demanded in the interests of the health of the residents ; at Cockatoo Island he saw a quantity of Victorian granite which the contractor desired to substitute for bluestone, and which Mr. Lyne wondered had not been procured from Moruya. Tjsains to Connect. — The inhabitants of Mudgee are crying out against the alleged bad arrangement of the. railway time-table. They complain that travellers arriving in Ivludgee on Saturday morning cannot leave for Sydney before Monday evening, there being no train in the meantime. The Mudgee representatives are beiiig stormed with requests from the district to wait upon the Commissioner of Railways in reference to this complaint. The Weatheh. — The Government Astronomer on Saturday reported, that in the coastal districts it was generally tine, and west of the range it was generally raining. In the extreme west it was cloudy and gloomy, with light north-west winds. Barometers rising, temperature falling, and a smooth sea. The level of the Darling River was stationary, and the Mumunbidgee and Murray were rising. Rain has fallen, principally in places west of the range ; the heaviest: falls have been toward the north, and in Glen Innes, Kiandra, Murrurundi, and at Tenteriield over an inch of rain was recorded. In Sydney the baro meter on Saturday reached 29-53, thermometer 57deg, the maximum during the past twenty-four hours being 67deg and the minimum 53deg. The weather was fine and pleasant. Gebman Joviality. — On Friday night in the club-house, Pitt- street, a jovial party of the German residents of the city met and indulged in such amusement as can only be afforded by the gay masquerade. The entertainment provided for the visitors took the form of a costume ball, and the committee must be congratulated upon the suc cess attending its efforts for the delectation of the guests. Refreshments were provided, and an excellent band supplied the music necessary for the terpsichorean movements of the company. The hall was tastefully decorated, and the general arrangements excellent. The chimes of the fifth hour of morning were sounding ere the revelry was done. Alleged Assault on a Child. — In, the Bourke Police Court on Saturday Joseph Timbs, charged with having committed a capital offence upon Gertrude Ward, thirteen years old, in. Toorale, was committed for trial. Stoem in the Noeth. — News from Glen Innes states that a terrific storm visited that district on Friday evening. The roofs of several houses were blown off ; and the coach from Inverell occupied two days in travelling a distance of 40 miles. - Flood in Mudgee.— Steady rain, with slight intermissions, has. been falling since Tuesday evening. All the creeks, and rivers are flooded. No serious damage has yet occurred, save the washing away of fences and submerging of crops. 232 points of rain fallen have been registered this week. ^ ''- 4 Land Sale.— The Son. Mr. Lyne, Minister of Lands, and a number of other gentlemen, left for Manly in the steam launch Carrington at noon on Saturday to attend the Government larid sale inHarbord. Dubbo Gbievance.— Great dissatisfaction is expressed among the sleeper cutters in the Dubbo district, owing to. the fact that the tender forms and specifications^ or the invited supply of sleepers for the Forbes railway extension cannot be seen in Dubbo. The specifications are on view in Orange and Bourke, where no sleepers are ob tained. As most of those used for the recent railway, extensions were obtained in the Dubbo district, this latter is the place of all others where the specifications should be viewable and tender forms obtainable. Babbaeian v. Celestial. — A 'white' man and a ' chinMe,' both on horseback, came into collision in Herberton (Q.), with the result that the chinaman's leg was broken in, two places. A Claim 'Lodged.' — Dr. Leacock, of New castle, has summoned Mr. F. M' Williams for the non-payment of J-99 7s lOd, the amount of arrears due from the Lambton Lodge of Miners for. medi cal services, during the nine months over which j the miners' strike extended. Dr. Leacock chums to hold Mr. M'WUliams and two others officially responsible for the amounts owed to him by members of the lodge. After the strike began the doctor offered not to press for. payment until the men resumed work. He says he did not forego his claim altogether. 'There being a division of opinion among tlie lodge members on the subject, the doctor avows himself compelled to seek settlement by legal action. Cure and Caee op the Sick.— Messrs. Ander son and Taylor, the contractors for. the g'in«nn - lighthouse, are the successful tenderers for the erection, of a cottage hospital in 'R'ia.my Their' tender was for^ .£1486. The building is. to be completed -in twelve weeks' time. Risa os' the Macquabib. — Owing -to the late -rains, the River Macquarie is rising fast jduringthe last twenty- four hoursit has rieen 16ft at Dubbo, and has now reached a height of 25ft above summer level at that place. Fatal Accident. — An inquest was held; in- the -Soudan Hotel on Saturday on the body of aanan named Patrick M'Govern, who was, killed at the .relief works through an accident while engaged in certain, blasting operations, at-the Spit, Middle TIarbor, bi&Friday.; The-deeeased was unmarried, and about 45 years of age. After hearing the evidence of Dr. Eichler, who had made, a post mortem examination of the Body, the jury re turned a verdict of 'Died- from injuries1 -acci- dentally received.' The Grafton Hospital. — Troubles are brew ing with regard to the ' officials of the Gxafton Hospital. Some time ago a rnn-n named- Arkey applied for admission to the Hospital through the Oddfellows' Society. One of the medical officers refused admission on what were- considered, by .a portion of the public, private grounds. The»com mittee, by a majority, called -upon the doctor for an explanation. This was given. The Oddfellows* Society made an application to see the explana tion. The request was refused on the ground of privilege. The matter came under discussion again at a meeting of the Hospital committee on Friday night, and the committee, by a majority of one, decided,that the doctor's letter be handed to the Oddfellows' Society, of which Arkey wa£ a member. Mr. Lee, who moved the resolution, said the committee should refrain from burking inquiry: Other members of the committee thought there was something in the background, and that Arkey was used as a tool to get at the medical officer. The Odfellows have called a special meet ing to deal with the question. SUDDEN DEATH. A sad occurrence is reported from Forbes. William Matthews, the well-known carrier between the Lachlan and the railway, was discovered dead near the Southern Cross, on Fri- day night. The unfortunate man was, when found, leaning against a tree with a spade in his hand, with which he had evidently been digging out a wheel which had become bogged. FOUND DROWNED. — On Saturday the deaid body of a man, which -»?»! bean, identified as that of James Dawson, the barber belonging to the R.M.S: Liguxia, was foundby the water police float ing off Farm Cove. The body was removed to the Circular Quay Morgue. The man was reported missing from the Liguria on the 16th instant. The matter has ?been-reportedtothe City Coroner, and an inquest will probably be held on Monday. Painful Accident. — -Wm. Williams, butcher, was getting over a fence in 'Wi-nirii, near New castle, on Friday, when he slipped and fell and broke his left leg. The case is considered a =bad one, but it is believed -the limb will be saved.3 The Tenteeeield Railway. — Mr. Lee, M.L.A., for Tenterfield, has telegraphed to his constituents, that the 5th of October has-been fixed by the Ministry for the railway demonstra tion in Tenterfield, and that the Governer has promised to attend the ceremony. The railway will be opened for traffic on the 1st September. From that date Messrs. Cobb and Co. intend to run a four-horse coach to Fairfield, Casino, and Lismore, thus making two lines of coaches to the Fairfield goldfields. Affiliation of Newcastle Unions. — Efforts are being made to affiliate the labor tmioas in the Newcastle district, so as to send delegates to the Trades and Labor Council on the same basis-as in Sydney. This is considered especially de sirable in view of the promise given by the Go vernment of £2000 toward the building af*arTrades Hall in Newcastle. Casualties. — The following minor casualties were treated in the Sydney Hospital on Saturday : — Mary Jane WTlis, 9, schooil girl, of ' 54, Pad dington-street, injury to foot caused while jnmp ing over an iron fence ; Annie Dunn, 21, domestic servant, Enmore, bruise on head the result df a fall from a cart; James Edwards, 8, school boy, 16, Pearl-street, cut head caused by a cart colliding withthim; 1 Joseph Vanderstickel, 57,, upholsterer, 128, Forbes-street, cut over eye? William Scott, 44, laborer, Bav-street, Glebe, con tusions on side caused by a faU ; Richard Coltart, 37, gardener, Balmain-road, Leichhardt, bruiEeon hand ; John. Agnew, 30, machinist, 90, Union-street, piece of steel in eye ; George TUburn, 16, carter, J3ruce-street, Waterloo, piece of steel in eye; Walter Webring, 27* plumber, 43, Mary street, sprained ankle ; Martin Coulston, 25, sailor, 22, Barnackle-street, abrasion of cheek. Buening Diamonds.— In the year 1694it was discovered, by experiment, in Florence, that a diamond would burn. Cosmo III. had one fixed in the focus of a burning glass, and after some exposure to the rays.of the sun, it cracked, corus cated, and finally disappeared like a ghost, leaving no trace behind. Another potentate, the Emperor Francis I., tried a number of valuable diamonds in the heat of a smelting furnace, and may have felt some gratification in finding they had disap peared. This was in 1750, and about twenty years later a magnificent diamond was burned in France. A jeweller named Le Blanc denied the possibility of burning diamonds, and suspected some unfair play on the part of Macquer, the chemist who con ducted the operation. He had often, he asserted., exposed diamonds to great heat, with the sole result of increasing their brilliancy. Then another jeweller, Maillard by name, who seems to have had a suspicion of the scientific truth, put three diamonds into an earthen- bowl pipe packed in powdered charcoal, and exposed them without injury to intense heat. Lavosier, who was pre sent, proved in 1776 that by shutting out the air the diamond was preserved in a furnace; but that the admission of oxygen, with which the carbon combines, allows the diamond to burn like a piece of coal. Wilful Waste. — Mr. William Green, of Bishopwood House, Highgate, London, the presi dent of the local temperance society, destroyed the other day his cellar of wine, about 2500 bottles, valued at about J£600. In a speech ex plaining his reasons, he said that, after mature reflection and earnest prayer, he had come to the conclusion that it was God's will that he should part with the contents of his wine cel lar. Three methods were pressed upon him from time to time. One was to sell the wine to the trade, knowing that they would sell wine, whether his or notj fhe second was to sell it and give the money to some charity ; and the third was to give it, as it was, to the hospitals. In pursuing the first course .he would be participating in the sale of an article which had been proved to militate against the physical, social, and spiritual advancement of society. The same reasons were equally applic able to the second course, and beyond them there was in addition the inconsistency of causing injury to others in order to benefit someone else. The third course was met by the success of the London Temperance Hospital, where it had been proved that alcohol was not necessary in the treatment of any disease. After this address the contents of the bottles were poured into the sewer. Attacked bf an Alligator,. — The following is from the TnrKg.n Indigo Planters* Gazette : —Two planters returning in a dogcart from' a visit of inspection to an out-factory were attacked by an alligator while crossing a narrow stream at dusk. Here is the description of tlie scene by one of the occupants of the dogcart: 'While crossing the shallow ford at Aknora Ghat on the Eiver Livery, a savage alligator, about 9ft in length, attacked us in a most ferocious manner, and though L., myself, and the Syce all shouted, he came right up to the shoulders of the horse, who began to plunge violently and nearly had us over. At this critical moment I . managed to stand up in the dog-cart and hit the fierce beast on the head repeatedly with my hunting whip. The brate then dived, and reappeared about four yards from the back of the dogcart, and began swimming straight for the back seat. I managed to turn the horse in the meanwhile, and got into shallow water, when the alligator pulled up, but kept still swimming about the ford. \ Finally, a crowd of natives assembled, who threw clods into the water and made a great row, while we again ' dashed through the ford and got safely across, the men calling out all the while that' they could eee the head of the alligator above water a little way down the ford.' ? 