FREDERICKTON REGATTA. On Tuesday last the people of Freder ickton celebrated the 98tli anniversary of the colony by holding their annual regatta. The aa'eather Avas not all that could be desired for tlie occasion, still the rainfall Avas not heavy enough to keep the numerous pleasure seekers at home. OAving to the calmness of the weather the sailing race for first class boats Avas postponed until to-day, as also AA'ere several other eA'ents. The folloAA'ing is a resume of the different events contested : — First Race— For all Settlers' Boats, not exceeding 16 feet on the keel. Dis tance tAvo miles. Boats to be approved of by the Committee. Prize— Cup value £5 (preseutedby Mr. S. H. Cohen, TCfiBIDRPVl wif.1i (?» n/ldorl TIivpp Spf- tiers, Messrs. J. King, G. AiriSAVorth and G. Richardson started for this eA'ent. After pulling a half mile Richardson gaae up the ghost and left the content to King and AiusAVorth, the redoujable " Joe " eventually Aviu- ning by three lengths. The race for Models aa'as aa'on by E. Edwards, W. Cheers, 2nd. Third Race, — Ladies' Race. Dis tance, \ mile. Prize, a dessert set, presented by Messrs. Bryson and Bond. Four ladies started for this event, a'iz., Mrs. AinsAvortli, and Misses Sydney ,_Christiaii, and RoAve. The race resulted in Miss RoAve passing the " flag-boat first, Miss Christian, 2nd, and Miss Sydney half a length behind, third. Second Class Sailing Race, for all homers settlers' boats, with fixed fius. Time alloAvance. Prize, £5.) R. Debenham .... 1 G. Cheers ... 2 J. McGeary ... 3 This race Avas an easy Avin for Deb enham, avIio beat Master Cheers by fully 20 minutes. Greasy Pole. Prize £1. F. Cook 1 Sculling Race, for amateurs who" have never won an advertised prize. Distance, once round. To be run in skiffs. Prize', £4. Won by Jas. Ainsworth. The other contestants were Messrs. G. Ainsworth and A. Shea. Race for youths under 18 years of "age, hi flanged skiffs. Distance, once round. First prize, £1 ; second, £1. This was a. well contested race be tAA'een T. BartrimandH. O. AinsAvortli, and resulted in Bartrim winning by 2 length. S. Lancaster also started, arid pulled a good race. The Water Toiu- nament afforded a great amouut of fun, but OAving to the mops coming off the end of the con-, testants' poles, the event was post poned until this afternoon. 5th Race — Open to all comers, in , best and best boats. Prize : A silver cup presented by Messrs. Myers and Solomon, Sydney. Three entered for this race aa'hich Avas Avon by Marshall, G. AinsAvortli coming in second. T. Bateriian, avIio also started, collapsed and is uoav Avaiting to be resurrected. 