Parliament. THi suliposed growth of larrikinism has been the subject of much comment andi debate by the sage, select and sagacious' few, who. represent the people . in .Palliament, and it is to bc feared, that the adage, "as the old cock crows the young one learns " is being carried into, effect. If our chosen legislators wish to check the tendency. they affect to de plore in the.rising generation they must substitute practice for precept. During the week-thd Estitifates of the Education' Department have occupied the whole of the time, and the'way that -valuable time has been- wasted- is 'simply-.a" scandal and areflection on Government by the people, calculated to lead think ing minds to the belief that there is a great deal, of comfort and peace to be had under a plire "despotism tempered with assassination." . Tuesday and Wednesday passed without any progress being made and it seems that the :otstlook on Thursday was: even more gloomy as the opening speech on that evening, of three hours duration, by a Member, who is much more notorious than famous, indicated that the Opposition meant evil. Close on midnight the Premier tried to pour oil on the troubled waters, but without effect as the turbulent spirit would not be soothed or quieted and by one o'clock in the morning, when most of the peaceful Members had gone to rest and Ministers waited quietly yet firmly intent on pushing business, some of the old stonewall scenes were: enacted. Attention was called to the presence of strangers, and the galleries being cleared of visitors, and the " obnoxious press " as South Melbourne hath it, the decks were cleared and the battle raged. Withal it was rather a sham fight with blank cartridge, and save in one or two instances, personal allusions were avoided. The scene in itself was unique. Some honorable Members get books and journals to pass the time, some gathered in couples for a quiet confab, and others again composed themselves to rest as well as they could under circumstances. Cushions were taken from the Speaker's gallery to make beds, and overcoats rolled up for pillows and so the hours passed. In the middle of a disjointed unmeaning speech by one better known than respected a youthful Member who indulged in innocent slumber rolled from the seat, where he lay stretched, and came thud on the floor, the fall evoked a snort like that of a frightened colt, from another sleeper and a Minister of the Crown started to his feet hair on end and pink spots on his wrinkled checks as if he had deputationised a ghost. The scene was irresistible and when mimicked by Gaunson put all sides in good humour. So the hours passed with bells ringing for quorum and divisions until eight in the morning when Government supporters who had been wired for began to drop in one after another, each being greeted with welcome cheers. The speaking was all done by Opposition Members and after noon yesterday they showed signs of weak ness although also recruited in num bers. The leader of the Opposition proposed a consultation with the Premier, and after an adjournment of fifteen minutes the House was rung up and the estimates for the Education D)epartment passed in full. And, our readers will naturally wish to know what was all the row about. Well, principally that an additional burden of some £60o,ooo might be put on the patient long suffering taxpayers so as to increase salaries which have been ill distributed and proportioned by the classifiers and that one teacher who had been guilty of a breach of discipline should have his own sweet will carried out through political influence and in defiance of all depart mental rules. There is a deal to be said on the vexed questions and we purpose taking them up in a future issue as our sympathies are with the teachers, but we think they have reason. to say at present "Heaven save us from our friends," as the action of those who pretend to befriend them, in making the issue a party question has done much to frustrate the end in view. 