THE GHOST OF THE LEDER- STRASSE. By J J, Bbitton, in ' Time.' We have become epioores in the super natural. The respectable and conventional ghost, and the haunted chamber of the old manor house, no longer serve our turn A epeoire, to command our respect, must be now-a-days of original habits, and so stand somewhat apart from the other members of his extensive clan. I wag therefore not a little pleased when, a iew years ago, I succeeded m lighting upon a ppeotre of a somewhat unconventional type. My treasure trove was acquired as follows:— I happened to be detained for a short time in a small and exceedingly tumble down old town in the middle of the Black Forest. The place of which I speak is little bettor than a large village — though in deference to the eeliogs of its worthy inhabitants1, who consider it, no doubt, as the 'hub of rbe universe,' I have dignified it with the appellation of town — lies quite out of tbe ordinary run of tourists, high and dry above the restless ebb and flow of tbe great tscureional ocean, At last I discovered a diversion. It came m tha shape of a compatriot, a resident compatriot. Not that in appearance or garb he was much of on Englishman. Twenty years' residence in Dummelsheim had made him more German than the Germane, and t the handiwork of the good oldlandthat gave him birth. , f !?ent my acquaintance back to his grags, and there, over a plentiful supply of argerbiert and the smoke of two big pipes, ne told me his experience of the honse and street we had qnitt6d. years ago— I was rather yonnger . ® .» 1..any » I mean not in years merely, nut in lite and hopes— I had recently come tc this town, and before I was long in it I heard noh talk about a queer ghost, quite unlike any ghost I had heard or read of, which was saia to haunt the Lederstraere, and which the peopie of this town so much dreaded. Hans Htlbbler. down the Gautzstrarse, hed seen it when a boy, and old Frau Hertzler had all but died from fright, when she was sixteen years old, in consequence of a mere ' waa celebrity of the little town, as well as the bete noire of the place. 'Well, mein Herr , I laughed at all the stories, and grew very courageous over the matter in my enfe when the night grew late and the bottle was low. Some of the fellows tried to chaff me on the score of my nation ality, " Min Englander," they said, 14 always asserts that he will brave anything —dog, or fiend, or fraulein — but let him be put to the test, and he is not always so brave as a lion." Then one of them said : ' " This Herr Englander here, he has heard enough and is brave ; but let him face a test we will give him if he be a brave Englander, and we shall eee." ' So one ight in the restaurant K'oppard in the milk market — I remember well that night. Ach , mem Herr , is that d :or fast ? So ! 1 remember that night. I was fired with courage, snd I said, when they spoke of the ghost, that I would face it, oome what might. A grin of inoredulity pasted ever the countenances of my listeners, and they puffed away at their pipes in contemptuous silence. At last big boned Krantz Hubecher, the batcher, made me a bet that I would not sleep for one night in the old house in the Kederetrasse alone. 4 Done !' I cried, and tlio money was staked — not much, a few silbergroscTien — and I was pledged to an adventure. ' It struck me afterwards that a great number of tbe ghost stories I had myself read turned upon some unused house or room, and an undertaking to sleep there ; but farther than this, as yon will eee, my case had little resemblance to any other spectral adventure. Nor did this render my case less real or lees terrifying. ' 4 What sort of a ghost is it ?'» I asked. ' Tell me just that, so that I may know what kind of an appearance I am about to faoe." Ach. me:n,'' they said, ' mein Herr must just see him as he is, and enjoy him as he will." ' So the night was fixed upon, and the key of tbe ancieDt honse procu ed. A mattress and some candles, and also a pistol, at my request, were taken into the bisgest and best room, that one just over the doorway. A good bottl8 of Zollinger and a supper for mo were got ready, and a roaring fire of big logs was built up in the afternoon in tbe fireplace there. The peoplo living in the Lederstrasse were much astonished and a good deal interested at the unwonted glare in the windows of the haunted house, and, when they were informed the reason of the illumination, expressed a good dfeal of pity fcr the mad Englishman whose craze had tempted him to brave the ghost of the localitv. ' Night came — a dark night it was, in No vember, with windy gusts every now and again sweeping down the street and among the crazy old chimneys. There web a pale, gibbous moon that showed herself at intervals from between the drifting clouds in a very weird and uncanny fashion. " Just the night for a ghost etory," I said to myself, and thought, as I felt a little thrill come over me. f45 Shall I pay that small bet, and have done with tbe matter? Shall I cry off, and smoke my pipe at home, and turn into my bed at my usual hour in peaoe?" No, I decided, after a bit of consideration ; I will go through with my undertaking now, come what cocao may, and show these Germans what an Englishman can do, and will do, at need. 4 So I made all my preparations for my adventure, and about ten o'clock entered t e bouse with two or t ree friends, who resolved to accompany me in order that they might see me comfortably disposed of. ' The crazy old stairs creak- d a good deal as we went up them, but tho room looked exceedingly cosy, for the great logs were smouldering in the chimney, and cast out an agreeable heat. In ail the corners, and hanging from the beams, were many dingy cobwebs, tbe work of generations of spiders, undeterred from their work by the house's evil reputation. Save these "cobwebs, my mattrese, a couple of chairs, and the email round table upon which stood my capper and the good bottie of Zeltinger, the room was unfurnished. 4 As a farther aid to courage, I had pro vided myself with a flask of eau-de-vie , and, of course, had my pipe ' My friends, having oast sn approving glance round tbe room, Bat down smoking for a few minutes, then bade me guten abend and gut naokt and left me to my medita tions. 4 1 listened to their heavy boots as they went stump, stump, stump down the stairs, and to the street door as it shot to with a bang. 4 1 wbb alone in the honse of evil repute. 4 " Stay a bit," I said to myself ; 44 this is perhaps a j?.ke, a trick, and it will be with living Germans that I may have to deal. Well, the pistol will give a good account of them ; but I will tneke myself as safe as £ can." 4 So I took fr m my pocket a screw-driver and a paper of big screws, and with, a qniet smile at my own cunning — for of these screws I had said nothing to anyone — proceeded forth with jo screw up the door. 4 The doiir made fast, J walked round the room and carefully took stock of is. There was a email corner cupboard'. I opened this ; nothing there but spiders, their webs, and the carcases of tcair victims. 4 On the uiber side of the fireplace was a very low door about the height of mv i shoulder. Another cupboard, I thought, and .a- endeavoured for a long time, without success, to prise It open. When at last it yielded, I discovered, with some surprise, a Btep and another low door, evidently strongly nailed up, and which, from its appearance, had been lor ages in the same condition. 4 This discovery gave me for the moment what ths ladies describe as 44 a turn." '4 What a strange thing," I said to myself, "a passage leading to somewhere, just like those haunted chambers usually have. However, I will take good care no one makes use of this pass»ge tonight, at any rate." 4 And so, closing the lew door. 1 proceeded to make it fast with some more cf my groat screws. As f did so, snd was driving my screws home, I felt a queer sensation from my right band to my elbow, something like a faint electric shock, 44 pressed on the nerve scm< how," I said, and continued my work 4 This done, I had my supper, lit my pipe, and drank the half of my wine. The cbitneB of St. Christopher's tower startled me, sounding the hour of eleven. I was, however, in a peaceful frame of mind, without the least fear of anything, human or supernatural, and I gazed placidly at the red smouldering logs, and puffed my pipe in peaoe. ' .suddenly, however, the faot that the hour of midnight would soon approach gave me just a little shiver. I quickly quenched tbe feeling with a drop of my eau-de-vie . ' Nevertheless, I thought, there is no ube in sitting up thuB. I may just as well go to bed ; then I shall, without doubt, fall aeleep, know nothing till to-morrow morning, and be able to go home with flying colours. ' Accordingly I prepared for rest, and, as I can never sleep well with my clothes on, pulled off all my attire with the exception of my «hirt, took a final drink of the ejLu-de-viey laid ready my pistol, and lay down npon my mattreBS, drawing a single blanket over me. 4 1 lay with my feet turned towards tbe glowing embers, which diffused grateful heat, and gave sufficient light to enable me to discern tbe objects, such as they were, in the chamber after I had extinguished my candle. The feeling of security, born of the fact that 1 had securely screwed up the only two doors which opened into the room, did its work, and in a very little time I fell asleep. ' I osnnot tell how long I slept. All I know is that I seemed to wake op from a feeling of cold, as if someone were blowing npon me with a pair joi bellows. I robbed my eyes, remembered where I was, and experienced a slight feeling of uuhappinees to find that the night had not passed over, and that I was still in tbe haunted chamber. 'The fire was all but dead, tbe rnocn, as I could tee through the uncurtained window, seemed to be plunging ber way among great banks and masses of cloud, the room was fitfully lighted here and there with a strange twilight of moon and fire. 4 Somehow my eyes fixed themselves on tbe low door by the side of the hearth. Coold it be possible! Was that- doer opening? No; impossible ! I had sctewed it np far too tightly for that. 4 Yes, something strange was taking place. Whether the door was opening or something was coming through it I oonld not tell; but I felt that a change was taking place, and sat np on my bed in silent terror, with that pecnliar sensation in my body which persons of an imaginative disposition are pleased to call 44 goosfflesh."' 4 Fixing my gaze firmly upon that mysterious door, I sat and watched it. Little by little the aspect of the door changed. It became white — bleached, as it were; and then, to my Intense horror, a something seemed to pass through it snd to stand in front of it. Yes ; that something gradually assumed shape and proportions. I could eee the head, the bodv, tbe arms ; the form was that of a man. Toen, whilst my hair stood upright upon my head with terror, I noticed its stern, wan face, its costume of a long bygone age, its lean and withered arms, and its attenuated legs. Could it be a man in the flesh ? No, clearly no, for I could see through it, and discern that tbe little door at tbe back of it was fast screwed "up as I had left it. This was no man in whom was the breath of life ; a phantom, a form, a show, merely an image ; and how inexpreE&ibly; ghastly and terrific ! When I bad fully realised this fact I became a prey to tbe most abject terror. It was true, then, abont the gbost ! It was no trick, no joke, that I was to be subjected to, but before me was a supernatural shape for the first time in my life. I became seized by a species of fascination as well as by terror, gazed fixedly at the appearance, covered as it was by a strange unearthly white light. It was tbe figure ot a tall, lean man ; for it bad by degrees risen far above tbe height of tbe low door from which it bad emerged. Its eyes were fixed upon me, and over one of its arms it carried a number of dark objects, the shape of which I could not make O'-jta ' But — horror of horrors ! —it was quietly nearing my bed. 4 1 arose at once and stood erect, trembling in every limb. In vain I tried to speak ; my lips refused to ntter a word. I could only stare fixedly and in silence at tbe strange, glittering figure. Tbe form, doubfleseit was, of some creature who had walked tbe streets ot Dummelsheim in tbe flesh, and lived in this house some two hundred and fifty years ago, sti 1 haunting in its ancient shape the well-known spots. ' Tbe spectre advanced, and I retreated before it, holding out my arms as if to ward it from me. 4 1 never thought of using my pistol save at one moment ; but tbe faot that the figure was transparent at once convinced me that to fire at it would be of no avail. 4 Still the terrible shape approached with a silent, noiseless tread ; then, on reaching the middle of the room, it seemed to motion me with one of its arms towards a ohair. 4 1 hesitated Its action became imperative, and I was oonstrained to obey. Ono seated, tbe spectre, which appeared to have acquired , a perfect control over my paralysed senses, took scmethiog from over its left asm, and eigned to me to stretoh out my leg. I .did so mechanically — and then— how can I convey to you tbe feeling that came over me as it proceeded to pull what seemed to be a stocking of ice upon my left leg ? I can even now, &g; times, feel the horrid icy coldness of that spectral hose. It was a stocking that the figure was pulling upon my bare leg and foot. I was chilled to the very bone, my hair bristled, my head swam, my heart ceased to beat for a moment, higher and higher crept the ice-cold stocking upon my leg. The Blocking was on. This accomplished, the spectre motioned me to stretch out the other leg. My horror now fairly broke the spell that chained me. I fled to the door ; tbe spectte glided after me smoothly and silently as a fate. I seized the bardie of the door. Miserable ! I remembered that I had fastened myself in with tbe ghost ! My reason seemed to be escaping me. The steel-like glitter of the speofre'a eyes was fixed upon me. Like a haunted and doomed animal I fled round the apartment. I leapt at the window, orasbed through it, and fell into the street below. 4 1 must have lost oonecioueness at once, for the next thing I remember was lying in my bed in my own lodgings, with my good landlady and the acquaintances wo had dared me to the terrible trial standing around my bed. 4 It was said for some time after that the poor Englander w&b; going mad, as all the others who had seen the ghost of the Lederstrasse had done. I cheated them, however. My head was too strong, I suppose, for I got over my fright, and, after my broken leg had been Bet, could listen to their recital of what had taken place. I learnt that those who had set themselves to watch in the street had heard first a strange, low, grinding sound — my screws, no doubt — then, after a long interval, my fraotio scream , a crash, and the clatter of broken glass, snd had seen me fall as a lifeless lump upon the street pavement. They picked me up, and one of them described that as they did so he chanced to look upward, and saw at tbe broken window above, shining in the moonlight, a pale, shadowy faoe. and the glitter of two bright eyes ' It is not strange to say that my right leg was broken by the fall ; but it is, I think, somewhat strange to relate that my left was blackened to tbe knee, as if scorched ; nay, it is eo to this d«y — see !' My friend showed me his blackened leg. 4 And that is all?' I asked. All, lieber Himmel ! Is that not enough ? Can you wonder, after what I have told you, that I don't like the Lederstrasse!' 4 Wonder? Not I. I would not go near the plaoe again after dark for a grand duke's ransom. But who do they Bay the speotre waB ?' I don't quite know. There is a legend of Eome hosier who once lived in that house and was rich, who fell into some disgrace, and the reignicg Duke of Saxe-Dnmmelsbeim seized upon bim, and with a refinement of crnelty, in order to extort from him his money, caused him tc be put to a torture something in the manner of our ancient maobine called " the boot," which crushed the leg cf the victim. In this caee the instrument was a hope of steel, which was at the onset icy cold, and was then heated by fire to almost a red beat. The poor hosier eank under the dreadful torture. 4 It iB said that bis ghost now seeks to avenge itself npon all who approach his ancient abode, and that he tries on them his ghastly hose. I? he succeeds in getting both hoee on their legs they die, and his spirit is released from its wanderings. Such was tbe tale of the queer old Anglo- German. I went to my inn and to bed ; there I lay and pondered long upon the strange story I had beard. My sleep, when sleep came, was not of the best. Every now and sg∈ I awoke with a start and a shudder, and fanoied that a ghostly hosier wss palling upon my own legs the spectral hope of the story. A day or two passed by. and one night, as I was packing my portmanteau for my homeward journey on the morrow, I was startled by a great yellow light in tbe sky. Soon after I heard tbe hoarse and blatant voice of tbe alarum bell. I dressed r nd went out, and fcundthe whole population of te place running in one direction. I followed the stream ot folk. It was a fire, someone told mo, in tbe Lederstrasse ; the haunted house was bnrning down. We arrived in the ancient narrow street ; the sight was magnificent ; the whole dwelling was enveloped in flames. No one took the sligbest trouble or endeavour to get the flames under. All were staring and gaping in idle curioeiy. 4 It was a bad place,' some one said, 4 and tkey were well content to see it perish.' How or by whom the fire was kindled I never knew. 