Old Mat's Yarn. (Feom the Town and Cottntbt Jottbnal.) A FLOOD IN THE HUNTEE. FATHEB,,pEAE, FATHEB^COME HOME!' ' An honest tale speeds best, being plainly tola.' — Skaxespeabe. (Peom the Tows and Country Journal) ' They talk abont floods ; but, lor bless yer, there ain't half on 'em. as knows what a flood is. The last one we had was in '75, and they do say it was the highest ever known: 'but it warn't half as bad as the earlier ones. Why, in '57 we had three, one in June, and a bigger one in July, and the biggest ever known in August. Then we had floods every year; some on 'em big and some little, till '67. A pretty fair one comes in April said then a boomer in June. It beean nice and easv with about three days' Bteady rain. Then it sort o* half clears up, and then makes another start, and, my eyes, how it did come down ! They gets word through them telegraph wires from Singleton, * Look out ! Eiver coming down a banker !' And them, about a hour after that the wires says again, ' Telegraph office flooded out. Can't wire no more.* ' By this time the water was rising in Wallis's Creek and spreading over the low lands, and the Mayor (John Lee was mayor then) he sends men off on horses with bells to warn the people. One m*ui goes up bhe river and another across Bol warra FlatB, and another he goes round Fishery Creek and Dagworfch, and they rings their bells and shouts out as the river wag coming down, and warns everybody to look out, and bimeby you might see people coming into Maitland through the rain as made 'em look faint and misty, like ghosts, with their traps packed in waggons and spring carts, and all manner o' things. Some on em was shoved in the hospital and some in the School of Arts, and others was stowed away in mills and sheds and everywhere. Down the river the water come roaring and tumbling as if it would wash everything before it; but away at the back it kept rising so steady you couldn't hardly see it rise. I gets up a top of a ladder/and away over Bol warra and asro3s to Dagworth was all like a sea, with little islands of ponkins bobbing up and down on the waves. It's a strange thing how them punkins stuck together. They came out of different fields and paddocks, but they dodged about and floated up together till there was patches of about a acre or more. It rsley looked as if them things knowed what they was about and went to comfort each other like Christians. West MaitLand was just a bit of a island with the river raging on one side and the. water rising and lapping gently over the railway line on the other. All the fences and most, of the houses in the flat between East and West Maitland was covered over, and at the other end Hall s Creek was up and the Long Bridge covered, so that Oakhampton and Campbell's HC1 made two other islands. Off Elgin-street was a lot of houses, and some of 'em just showed the roofs, and others was hidden altogether. The Horseshoe Bend was all under water, aud every now and then there'd be a rumble and a splash, and people knew as another big piece of the bank (maybe with a house on it) iiau gone down. Well, it was just coming up dusk, and the waters still rising, when I hears some fellows in a boat in Elgin-street say as old Perkins and his family hadn't been seea in town, and if they was still in their house they'd all be drowned. The chaps in the boat had been out all day, and was pretty well fagged So me and three other fel lows gets into the boat and polls for Fishery Creek Oars wasn't much good, what with punkins and bits of hayBtacks and timber and things floating about. So we pulled with shovels, and I tell you, a prood broad shovel ain't a bad thing to put a boat along when you gets used to working it. We pulls straight across over the top of the railway and above the racecourse, where the roof of the grand stand rrom the eaves stood out above the water. One time we got tangled in some orange trees and had to back out, but we gets across about a mile and a- half all right. It was as dark as pitch, but the Tain had stop ped, and when we thought we wa6 near the place we stopped paddling and cooeyed. Nobody an swered, so wp kept cooeying and paddling about whenever we see anything black above the water, and at last we finds the place. The water was lap- lapping along the shingles as quiet and inno cent looking as if it couldn't do no harm, and Tom Butts says, ' I fear we're too late, mates/' We holds on to the chimney to keep the boat steady, and after we'd sung out several, times without getting no answer, we makes up our minds to rip the shingles off and know the worst. Of course .we hadn't fco boots on, sal gets onto the roof and pats the shovel under the shingles aad made 'em fly, and the first thing we hears -was, 'r Who the— are you?'. ' ? -?? ??? ' ?- ?-'? * \\-'-f. . .-?'-. . .-.' It come so fiudden, it ;gave iufi all a start, and young Buckley as was standing with one foot in the boat and the otheron the roof, Innnbles over board, with a swish. We soon fishes him out, and has a good laugh, while old Perkins was swearing away a good 'un because -we'd spiled his roof. Be swore he'd have the law of us and make as pay damages. We didn't take much notice of Mm, but strips off some more shingles, and gets out little Lizzie, and then hex mother ; but Perkins, he swore he'd stop where he was. and if the house went he'd go, too, and if iielived he'd make it hot for us for spiling hxs,;r©of.; ^We'd half a mind to leave him, 'cos we could see as he'd had a drop too much, and he *ras all right if the water- didn't rise any more. .Yon see tfcey*d -put scone boards across the tie-ltjeams, and was sitting On them. There wasn't much . 100m and the water was ? over the boards, but he was crouched on top of a heap of bedclothes, with his head doubled down against the roof. He was jammed so tight, Sn the peak of the roof that there wasn't much danger of Mb failing off, butthe missus wouldn't hear of his being leffc. So. at last we gets 'nin^oHt and shoves off for the town. It was about jhalf -past 9 when we got back, and then we hears as the High-street embankment had given way and had cut a deep golly across the road. Mrs. Perkins had jgot shel ter in some friend's place. bnttJieoldiuRa^ouldn't Btop nowhere. *Phere: ?wnas' cro^is' of people in the street, and Perk he stops everyone he knew to tell about the damage done to Mb icbof, and how he'd make the chapB.?Brhat done it suffer. \ I lost sight of hiin fbrs bit. I was looking across the river to the Bolwarrs, side, and Iseea some poor devil hanging onto the feraoch&sof; anver-oaktree on the bank. . Sometimes heM he- pretty steady lor- a moment or eo, and then the(^tes._^pj|id.'; Burge 'and''' rajge/aEd the oi^ wo^d b^fl ^-*w^ like a whip-stick and ^wak .llffln'TB^i,^' dipSjil: ^b&Hiitii; .to notd'oii' feut^oli^licm^^tijia^'^v^'iiii1 tireath. Wh&fe; irifti i^a mpK^5^^»TiPi g^rgiiTt^ jcrf the water and the mu^^^f^hQ^^^m^y bent- before the slnre^m^.^i^-|^^^^ira^^!@zi^3.! i themselves op ? again, '$ib. nbiflj6^^B8':^it)U^;h: '§(-? ? drown ;-a^^if»^|rc^ chap expecting to see him go down and neve* come up again, and forgot all about old Perk,'fcilJ I hears a child's voice just beside me say, ' Father, ; dear father, come to ma.' 1 looks round, and there was Perk and his little daughter. He was raving drunk by this time, and his little girl's \ voice put me in mind of the old song. I couldn't do anything for the poor chap on the tree. So I follows Perk round. He was going on about hist patch of shingles; he said his house was gone, and he'd go, too ; and then he'd stagger up close, to the bank where the torrent was raging. I see * his little girl catch hold of his coat tails and drag him back, aud then I took him' by the arm and led him into High-street. '?'-.-' It was 12 o'clock, but there were plenty of peov pie about. Hardly any one had gone to bed, and £ wanted to take hi™ where his wife was ; but we hadn t gone tar before he got obstropolous and ? - broke away, and off he rushed to the embank ment. The little girl ran after him sobbing and ' sayin?* ' Father, dear father, come back to me/' like the girl in the song. I couldn't leave her, so I followed, too, and -was just in time to grab him '' when he was ruEhing to the break in the embank ment. I dragged him up the street again, but he , broke away. He was like a madman now, and walked up the middle of the road, waving hia arms and swearing and cursing the men as spoiled his roof. When we got to the other end of the town I was just in time to grab him again before he rushed into the break in the Falls embankment, and while I was holding him who should come up but Sergt. Brennan ; so I says, ' Sergeant, I never - was so glad to see vou before. Can vou lock this man up to save his life ?' ' Bedad,' says he, ' If you'll teE me where the lockup is, aaxd how to get ' to it, I'll lock you both up wid pleasure.' ' Is it washed away ?' says I. ' I don't know,' says he, ' but the embankment's gone all round it, and I expect to find ic at Morpeth or Eaymond Terrace to- morrow, when it's light enough, to see.' Well, the upshot of it was that the sergeant said he'd take care of Perkins. Then 1 tells about the man in the tree, and he says, ' Oil, he's &VL; right as long as the tree holds. If s Joe Clarke, and he'll hold on like a 'possum. There's some boats over the river, and they'll take him off as ' soon as it's light.' Well, I walks down to have another look at Joe, and, sure enough, there he was waving up and down, and getting (lucked every now and then, so I sat down to war,eh him, and ~, before long: I was that knocked up i drops oil to sleep. When I woke up the gun v/aa saining and I could see as the wscer had «.-ooe down several inches. There was a party of men in a piuit ^vray up the river on the BoiTvarra side, ;«uc they let a boat down wifch a rope till ir w.is n- nv enough, for Joe Clarke 'to get i-oid of it. When it got near the tree it capsized, but that did-i't make mnaa. odds to Joe. He got on to it somehow, and tbay dragged him back to the punt. When I see I:im oat of danger I goes off to hunt for old Perkiss. The sergeant had done the best he could for faini.' He'd given the old chap another stiff rum and sent him to sleep, and I found him in a timber yard alongside of a. stack of boards snoring as com fortable as could be, and little Lizzie sitting all of a heap opposite to him fast asleep, too. ; . Well, the water kept falling very slow at- first, and then quicker and quicker, till it was pretty near sJl gone in four or five days, and people went home to dry their bedding, and clean the slime out of their houses and o2 their furniture. Some o'' the bx-ys helped Perkins patch his roof up. and I never- heard no more about it. — Little Lizzie ? Oh, Lizzie's a woman now, and got children of her own. She married a youEg chap as went for selecting, and they're living somewhere up Tain worth way. Lizzie used to come down to Maitland now and then as long as the old man lived, but when he peiered out she took her mother away with her, and I ain't seen her since. We've often had a laugh at her ' Father, dear father, come home with, me now,' when he hadn't got a home as he could get to. We had another flood in '70, and the last, as I said before, in '75 ; and when, we'll get another lord only knows. There's been no floods anywheres in the country to speak of for the last few years. Thanky, don't mind if I: ; do, just for luck. ... Well, so long.'* 