• The Weird Bird of the South • " • '.Atlantic.' . As the craft • bowls along m the 'Sraft • Atlantic a. new world seems to open on tfct voyager. The constellation of the Sorta ..Cross has scarcely- become familiar to him before he begins to see animal, or ratka " bird, life altogether new to him. One oi tie greatest novelties of this kind that can era impress itself on the mind oi man is tts albatross. Some 'mormng the lonngei mil • Teach'the deck and, casting his eye in ihe wake of the ship to judge her Epeed, mil sees speck jaet above the horizon fat aetat, Growing larger and larger as it approaches, it finally developes into a gigantic bira, sni the old sailor, conning the helm; will jtuffli suggest the fact that -it is' proper for thetro to wet his first introduction to an nltate, There is something inexpressibly weird atom the bird itself,-as well as- in its masDef- oI . flight, and it is a matter of little mndei to those-who have seen it tnat a brsmEDch s! Coleridge's should' have hit upon it for the text-of: his Lady of the Ancient Hsnit:, Without a beat of wing, without motion d .the hody, the :bird will, by long, easy-sous tacks, swoop -up from astern nntu it gets within easy watching distance from the skip it-chooses to follow. It will then " lay to at that respectful: distance,- and, afier toting • thoroughistock of the stranger that haaln-. ; vaded. its-domain; will, with no apparent effort, 'swoop past the ship to port or starboard, as the case may-be, p&ES; it by Eeveia! "Cable ' lengths, and. then, laying to on the -opposite-hand to • its -advance; sllow the ship to-pass it, and will then once moretateip its post, as rear guard to -the procession, Nothing can be more ghost-like totlis action of the - albatross w thus imSEiDg 01 being passed. No stroke of the wiig ocoofc, and all the motion apparent; except that ol the almoBt unintehgible .cleaving of the air, ia -tbe half tcrn of the bird'a head toward the ; ship;made as if -.to eee -what manner o! bea=! tbiB was that had come-to bother it. Though . sailors are over prone to superstition, they seem not to be: very.-particular as to lbs sacrednessof the albatross, anil will always assist in a capture, in epite-of the cnise Coleridge associates with its kilhng. THElords and ladies 'Of the King of Dahomej 1 court don't wear stockings; therefore it woIJ •be useless for Queen Victoria to confer tbs garter opon any of them. They would hetf to uee it for a dog collar if she did. STATELY old dame {housekeeper), during ALsenoe of the family, showing the bed Qneen - . -Vmsoa. rSa It bomjidt t • \- DAME ibndlinq): No, sir; Hiughsh hoal,. SHiKESPEiiiEstemarks that "the good men Jo is oft-interred with their bones." ' Th»t.nu?-j have been-the rule in Shakespeare's timfj bat ihe role noK-adayB is to print it m the papers and carve it in big letters on thegrave- stone.— HisTEEss :(to applieact)—Ycs, I want;s nioa Pxench maid. "The last one I bad lonlyM •a short time, becauBe she couldn't understaM . English. French Maid—Ye'll have no throtele,- -of thatiind'widme.mum, Oi not only nndei- •sthand Bnglxsh, but I spake.it, too, MOST; women value a clear oomptooni-!' attainable. Helen of Troy is said to te bathed daily in wine and raili to.preserfa-tlK purity i-of her silky skin. . Cleopatra a£f« varioua ' -medicated ; ointmenta and 1 coSmeties'-to .ienhaiice her charms. • .witching ii'CathMine^ of :Buesia bab« washed in strawberry -juice;, while stranj' and grim- tBles ere told about the prepare® , -of the mysterious baths Ninon L'Enolo=», snpposed tohaye indulged in.- Our fair •are iess,luxuriouS in these days, ana we M». :thSt'-la'dies:: who'value a transparent «M" .- akin, fa 'delicate complexion, in wbicn tus tint of the rose is softly blended witb snowy hue of the lily, are now being aim- tJ hy a-n eminent authority on the art ol w : mg beautiful forever, to frequently appj' ^ end of a raw potato to the face, and sect W gentle tubbing. After rubbing, the faceian cc* ' ou'd • swashed, and gentle friction to follow Iiadies are strongly., nrgea , i-l avs L et iiaw^ibiato on the watf®"® Out at vintage'^^the potato po o f uany. other akin hoaatifiw^r: io be U c c ieding;cheapneas, as one pow ; can leu d jver^hd ;over -and .over : • ncr if Iv-neoeasaryto remove* M ^ e cut if rfaceandtopare off » lam hcfoicfli.pl>" gifca-freshly cut euiiaoe. A er i ton aad-bt aiprominent-^ J of FO t woo ha'g.a habit of tying a ; her jioeket andkerchief when she wane. t ii m Aarmind whicb mne' ^ „ ae io elwasiiengaged in a.d®F» f r n on a certain occasion, ana "< n re ipped her bandkerchirfot>«« L^or T B isfhotioed by her boerats,' cna rv r d io break up the Mfon »J ml " I r fuest into another PK^^ 3 0 s \ le latter loae fromha• rtcoi 1 nd picked up her hnnite^ n 1-1 3 did so, the knot ted e rn r Tl it iave I forgotten t f , ban rql ed ihe ho?tes?. . The W acneate n 1 the lady, who M a jdl mc 1 r rf the diplomatic cirolo, "W lor I mil r 3 ieffreafrom imota now^g —im Herald. .,• •.. Puck. v -A»:' York Sun. :.• 