HARRY'S INHERITANCE I Colonel Sir Thomas Woolrych, K C.B. (retired list), was a soldier of the old school, much attached to pipe- clay and purchase, and with a low opinion ot competitive examinations, the firet six books of Euclid, the local military centres, the territorial titles I of regiments, the latest regulation I pattern in half-dress buttons, and I most other confounded new-fangled I radical fal-lal and trumpery in j general. Sir Thomas believed as j j firmly in the wisdom of our ancestors i as he distrusted the wisdom of our nearest descendants, now just attain- ing to y ear s of maturity and indiscre- tion. Especially had he a marked dislike for this nasty modern shop- keeping habit of leaving all your loose money lying idly at your banker's, and paying every body with a dirty little bit of crumpled paper, instead of pulling out a handful of gold, magnificently,f rom your trouser's pocket, and flinging the sovereigns boldly down before you on the counter like au officer and a gentleman. Why should you let one of these bloated, overfed, lazy banker fellows grow rich out of borrowing your money from you lor nothing, without so much as a thauk-you, and lending it out again to some other poor devil of t tradesman (probably in difficulties) at seven per cent, on short discount í No, no; that was not the way Sb Thomas Woolrych had been accus- tomed to live when he was au ensigi (sub-lieutenant they possibly call i nowadays) at Ahmednugger in .th Nor th-West Provinces. In thosi days, my dear sir, a mau drew hi monthly screw by pay-warrant, tool the rupees in solid cash, locked then up caretuHy in the desk in his bunga low, helped himself liberally to theo while they lasted, and gave lOU's fo any little trifle of cards or horses h might happen to have let himself i for meanwhile with his brothe officers. IO (J's are of course a gen tlemanly and recognised form < monetary engagement, but fe bankers' cheques Sir Thomas posi tively felt little less than contem and loathing. Nevertheless, in his conafortah villa in the park at Chelteuhai (called Futteypoor Lodge, after th; famous engagement during the mutta wbieh gare tue Colonel his regimei and his K.C.B.-ship) he stood 01 evening looking curiously at his b davenport, and muttered to himse with more than one most militai oath, " Hanged if I don't think shall positively be compelled patronise these banker fellows aft all. Somebody must have been bel ing himself again to some of ti sovereigns." Sir Thomas was not. by nature suspicious man-he was too frank ai open-hearted himself to think Ul easi of others-but he couldn't avoid fe« ing certain that somebody had be tampering unjustifiably with t conte ute of his davenport. He coui ed the rows of sovereigns over on more, very carefully ; then he check the number taken out by the entry hie pocket-book ; and then he lean back in his chair with a puzzled loc »took a meditative puff or two at t stump of his cigar, and blew out t smoke in a long curl that left a s< of pout upou his heavily-mouetach lip as soon as he had finished. Not doubt iu the world about it-somebo must have helped himself again to dozen sovereigns. 1 It was a hateful thing to put watch upon you servants and dep< dante, but Sir Thomas felt he tm really do it. He reckoned up the lo rows a third time with military p cisión, entered the particulars 01 more most accurately in his pock book, sighed a deep sigh of regret ¿he distasteful occupation, and loci up the davenport once more with the air of a man who resigns himself un- willingly to a most unpleasant duty. Then he threw away the tag end of the smoked-out cigar, and went up slowly to dress for dinner. Sir Thomas's household consisted entirely of himself and his nephew Harry, for he had never been married, aad he regarded ali womeukiud alike from afar off with a quaint, respectful, old- world chivalry; but he made a point of dressing scrupulously every day for dinner, even when alone, as a decorous formality due to himself, his servants, society, the military profes- sion, and the convenances in general. If he and his nephew dined together they dressed for one another ; if they dined separately they dressed all the same, for the sake of the institution. When a man onco consents to eat his evening meal in a a blue tie and a morning cutaway, there is no drawing a line until you" finally find him an advanced republican and an acconi place of those dreadful War Office people who are bent upon allowing the services to go to the devil. Il Colonel Sir Thomas Woolrych, KC.B., bad for a single night been guilty of such abominable laxity, the whole fabric of society would have tottered to its base, and gods and footmen would have felt instinctively that it was all up with the British constitu- tion. " Harry," Sir Thomas said, as soot as they sat down to dine together " are you going out anywhere thii evening, my boy ? " Harry looked up a little surlily, am answered alter a moment's hesita tion, " Why, yes, uncle, I thought I thought of going round and havinj a game of billiards with Tom Whit marsh.'' Sir Thomas cleared his, throat an< hemmed dubiously. " In that case,1 he said at last, after a short pause "I think I'll go down to the dui myself and have a rubber. Wilkins the cari iage at half-past nine. Vt sorry, Harry, you're going out thi evening." " Why so, uncle ? It's only jus round to the Whitmarshs', yo know." Sir Thomas shut one eye an glanced with the other at the Hgt through his glass of sherry, held u between finger and thumb critical! and suspiciously. " A man may db approve in toto of the present systei of competitive examinations for th army," he said, slowly ; " for my par I Certainly do, and I make no seen of it ; admitting a lot of butchers an bakers and candlestick makers plum into the highest ranks o£ the service no tone, no character, no position, r gentlemanly feeling ; a great mistal -a great mistake ; I told them so i the time. I said to them, ' Gentl men, you are simply ruining tl the service.' But they took no noti< of me ; and what's the consequence Competitive examination has been tl ruin of the service, exactly as I to! them. Begin with that ; then abo! tion of purchase ; then local centrei then that abominable strap with tl slip buckle-there, there, Harry, upc my soul, my boy, I can't bear to thii of it. But a man may be opposed, i I said, to the whole present system < competitive examination, and ye while that system still unfortunate continues to exist (that is to say, uni a European war convinces all sensib people of it), he may feel that his om young men, who are reading up for direct commission, ought to be tryii their hardest to get as much of th nonsensical humbug into their heat as possible during the time just befo their own examinations. Now, Harr I'm afraid you're not reading quite ¡ hard as you ought to be doing. Tl crammer's all very well in his way, < course, but depend upon it, the crai mer by himself won't get you throug What's needed is private study." Harry turned his handsome dal eyes upon his uncle-a very dar almost gipsy- looking face altogetht Harry's-and answered, depreoatingl " Well, sir, and don't I go in for pi vate study? Didn't I read up Sai Ison Agonistas all by myself rig through yesterday ? " I "I don't know what Samson Som tbing-or-other is," the old gentlemi repliod, testily. " What the dicke has Samson Something-or-ether g to do with the preparation of a mili- tary man, I should like to know, sir?" "li's the English Literaturebook for the exam., you know," Harry answered, with a quiet smile. " We've got to get it up, you see, with all the allusions and whatyoumaycallits, for direct commission. It's a sort of a play, I think I should cull it, by John Milton." " Oh, it's the English Literature, is J it ? " the old Colonel went on, some- what mollified. " In my time, Harry, I we weren't expected to know anything about English literature. The Articles of War and the Officer's Companion, By Authority, that was the kind of literature we used to be examined in But nowadays they expect a soldier to be read up in Samson Something or-other, do they really ? Well, well, let them have their fad, let them have their fad, poor creatures. Still, Harry/ I'm very much afraid you're wasting your time, and your money also. If I thought you only went to the Wbit marshs' to see Miss Milly, now, I shouldn't mind so much about it. Miss j&illy; is a very charming, sweet young creature, certainly-extremely pretty, too, extremely pretty-I don't deny it. You're young yet to go making yourself agreeable, my boy, to a pretty girl like that ; you ought I to wait for that sort ot thing till you've got your majority, or at least, your company-a young man reading j for direct commission has no business to go stuffing his head cram full with I love and nonsense. No, no ; he I should leave it ail free for fortification, and the general instructions, and J Samson Soinething-or-olber, if soldiers I can't be made nowadays without Eng- lish literature. But still, I don't so j much object to that, I say-a sweet ! girl, certainly, Miss Milly-what I do j object to is your knocking about so j much at billiardrooms, and so forth, j with that young fellow Whitmarsh. 1 Not a very nice young fellow, or a I good companion tor you either, Harry, 1 I'm afraid, I'm afraid, my boy, he i makes you spend a great deal too I much money." j *' I've never yet bad to ask you to j increase my allowance, sir," the young j man answered haughtily, with a cur« j io us glance sideways at his uncle, j "Wilkins," Sir Thomas put in, with a nod to the butler, " go down Sand bring up a bottle ot tho old Madeira. Harry, my boy, don't lei us discuss questions af this sort before I the servants. My boy, I've neve] I kept you short of money in any way, j I hope ; and if I ever do, I trust j you'll tell me of it, tell me of it im« mediately." t Harry's dark cheeks burned brigh) j for a moment, but he answered nevei 1 a single word, and went on eating bi j dinner silently, with a very hang-doj j look indeed- upon his handsome lea j tures. II. At half-past nine Sir Thomas drov down to the club, and, when he reach j ed the door, dismissed the coachman "I shall walk back, Morton," hj said. " I shan't want you Again thi evening. Don't let them sit up fo me. I mayn't be home till two in tb morning." " But as soon as the coachman ha had full time to get back again i perfect safety, Sir Thomas walke straight down the club steps one more, and up the Promeuade, and ai the way to Futteypoor Lodge. Whe: he got there, he opened the doc silently with his httcU-key, shut i again without the slightest noise, an walked on tip-toe into the library. 1 was an awkward sort ot thing to d< certainly, but Sir Thomas was coi I vinced in his own mind that he ougí ' to do it. He wheeled an easy chai iuto the receBB by the window, in froi of which the curtains were drawl arranged the folds so that he ooul see easily, into the room by the si ¡ between them, and sát down patient] ! to explore thu mystery to the vei bottom. Sir Thomas was extremely loth j his own mind to suspect anybody and yet it was quite clear that son one or other must have taken tl missing sovereigns. Twice ov< money had been abstracted, couldn't have been cook, of that 1 felt certain; nor Wilkins eithi Very respectable woman, cook-ve respectable butler, Wilkins. N . Morton ; ob dear no, quite impossib: certainly not Morton. Not ti housemaid, or the boy: obvious »either ; well conducted young peopl every one of them. But who ,t' dickens could it be, then r* For certai ly somebody had taken the uione The good old colonel felt in his hea that for the sake ol' everybody's pea of mind it was bis bounden duty discover the real culprit before sayii a single word to anybody about it. There was something very ridicu ous, of course, not to say undignifù and absurd, in the idea of an elder field officer, late in Her Majesty service, sitting thus for hour alf hour stealtl.ily behind his on curtains, in the dark, as if he were thief or a burglar, waiting to si whether anybody came to open b davenport. Sir ThomaB grew decide« ly wearied as be watched and waite« and but for tho strong sense oí h duty imposed upon him of trackin tbe guilty person, he would once < twice in the course of the evenin have given up the quest from shec disgust and annoyauce at the absurd ity of the position. But no ; he mm find out who had done it : so there fa sat as motionless as a cat watching mouse-hole, with bis eye turne always in the direction of the daven port, through the slight slit betwee ' the folded curtains. Ten o'clock struck upon the alarm on the mantelpiece-half-past ten eleven. Sir Thomas stretched hi legs, yawned, aud muttered audibly "Confounded slow, really." Hali -past eleven. Sir ThomaB went ove noiselessly to the side table, where th« decanters were standing, and helpei : himself to a brandy and seltzer squeezing down the cork of the bottb carefully with his thumb, to prevent its popping, till all the gas had escap ed piecemeal. Then be crept back still noiselessly, feeling more like t convicted thief himself than a Knight Commander of the Most Honourable , Order of the Bath, and wondering when the deuce this pilfering lock .". breaker was goiu^ to begin his nightly depredations. Not till after Harry «ame back, most likely. The thieij .^whoever he or she was, would proba« ? bly be afraid to venture into the ? library while there was still a chance of Harry returning unexpectedly and disturbing the whole procedure. But when once Harry had gone to bed, they would all have beard from Mor- ton tbat Sir Thomas was going to be out late, and the thitf would then doubtless seize so good an opportunity of helping himself unperceived to the counted sovereigns. About half-past eleven there was a sound of steps upon the garden-walk, , and Harry's voice could be heard audibly through the half-open window. The colonel caught the very words against his will. Harry was talking j- with Tom Whitmarsh, who had walk- ed round to see him borne; his voice Was a little thick, aB if with wiue, and he seemed terribly excited (to judge by his accent) about something or . : other that had just happened. " Good-night, Tom," the young mah was saying, with an outward "show of carelessness barely concealing a great deal of-underlying irritation. . ' " i'll pay you up what I lost to-inor row or the next day. You shall have your money, don't be afraid about "Oh, it's all right," Tom Whit marsh's voice answered in an offhand : fashion. " Pay me whenever you like, Z jou know, Woolrych. It ' dosen't .natter to me when you pay me, this year or the next year, so long as I get it sooner or later." Sir Thomas listened with a sinking heart. " Play," be thought to him self, " Play, play, play, already 1 It was his father's curse, poor fellow, and I hope it won't be Harry's. It's some comfort to think, anyhow, that it's only billiards." " Well, good-night, Tom," Harry went on, ringing the bell as he Bpoke. ? "Good-night, Harry. I hope next time the cards wont go so persistently against you." The cards ! Phew 1 That was bad indeed. Sir TbomaB started. He didn't object to a quiet after-dinner: lubber on his own account,'naturally ; _ but this wasn't whist : * oh, no ; nothing of the sort. This was evid ly serious playing. He drew a 1 breath, and felt he must talk ~\ decidedly about the matter to Hi to-morrow morning. " Is my uncle home yet, Wilkin* "No sir; he said he wouldn' back probably till two o'clock, and wasn't to sit up for him." " AU right, then. Give me a li for a minute in the library. I'll t a seltzer before I go upstairs, just steady me." Sir Thomas almost laughed outri{ This was really to ridiculous. S pose after all the waiting Harry \ to come over and discover him sitt there in the darkness by the wind' what a pretty figure he would before him. And besides the wh thing would have to come out th and after all the thief would never discovered and pnnished. 1 Colonel grew hot and red in the fa and began to wish to goodness hadn't in the first place let himself in any way, for this ridiculous an teur detective business. But Harry drank his seltzer stai ing by the side table, with no bran« either; that wa6 a good thing, brandy. If he'd taken brandy too his present excited conditiou, wh he'd already certainly had quite much as was at all good for him, Í Thomas would have been justly a seriously angry. But after all, Har was a good boy at bottom, and kn« how to avoid such ugly babbits. ] ' took his seltzer aud his bedroo candle. Wilkins turned out the lig in the room, and Harry went i stairs by himself immediately. Then Wilkins turned the key in tl library door, and the old getitlemi began to reflect that this was really most uncomfortable position for hi to be left in. Suppose they lock< him in there till to-morrow morning Ah! happy thought; if the wor came to the worst he could get out i the library window and let himself j at the front door by means of h latch-key. The servants all filed up stairs, on by one, iu an irregular procession their feet died away gradually upo the upper landings, and a solem silence came at last over the who! household. Sir Thomas's heart bega to beat faster : the excitement of plo interest was growing stronger upo him. This was the time the thu would surely choose to open tb davenport. He should know noi withiu twenty miuutes which it wa of all his people, whom he trusted s implicitly, that was really robbin] bim. And he had treated them all s kindly too. Ha, the rascal ! he shouh catch it well, that he should, whoevei he was, as soon as ever Sir Thoaiai discovered him. Net if it were Wilkins, though ; no if it were Wilkins. Sir Thoraai hoped it wasn't really that excellent fellow Wilkins. A good old tried anc trusty servant. If any unexpected financial difficulties Hush, bush. Quietly now. A stej upon the landing. Coming down noiselessly, noise- lessly, noiselessly. Not Wilkins; not heavy enough for him, surely ; no, no, a woman's step, BO very light, so light and noiseless; Sir Thomas really boped in his heart it wasn't that pretty delicate-looking girl, the new house-maid. If it was by Jove, yes, he'd give her a good lecture then and there, that very minute, about it, offer to pay her passage quietly out to Canada, and-recommend her to get married decently, to some good young fellow, on the earliest possible opportunity. The key turned once more in the lock, and then the door opeued steal- thily. Somebody glided like a ghost iato the middle of the room. Sir Thomas, gazing intently through the slit in the curtains, murmured to him- self that now at last he should fairly discorer the confounded rascal. Ha! HowabBurd! He could hardly help laughing once more at the ridiculous collapse of his high-wrought expectations. And yet he restrained himself. It was only Harry ! Harry crme down, candie in hand, no doubt to get another glass of seltzer. The ¡ Colonel hoped not with brandy« He Çut the glass up to his dry lips--Sir bomas could see they were dry and feverish, even from that distance horrid thing, that gambling !-and I drained it off at a gulp, like a tbirsi man who has tasted no liquor sin» early morning. Then he took up his candle agaii and turned-not to the door. O! no. The old gentleman watched hil now with singular curiosity, for 1 was walking not to the door, but ov< in the direction of the suspecte davenport. Sir Thomas could bardi even guess at tbe truth. It wasn' no it wasn't, it couldn't be Harry not Harry that . . . that borrowe the money ! The young mau took a piece t stout wire from bis pocket with terrible look of despair and agonj Sir Thomas's heart melted within hil as he beheld it. Ho twisted the wir about in the lock with a dex ter ou pressure, and it opened easily, öi Thomas looked on, and the tears ros into his eyes slowly by instinct ; bu he said never a word, and watched in tently. Harry held the lid of tb davenport open for a moment wit! one band, aud looked at the rows << counted gold within. The fingers o the other band rose slowly and re- morsefully up to the edge ot the desk and there hovered iu an undecide( fashion. Sir Thomas watched still with bis heart breaking. Then foi a second Harry paused. He heh back his hand and appeared to de liberate. Something within seemcc to have affected him deeply. Sii Thomas, though a plain old soldier could read his face well enough tc know what it was ; he was thinking of the kind words bis uncle had said to him that very evening as they sal together down there at dinner. Fot half a minute the suspense was terrible. Then, with a sudden im- pulse, Harry shut the lid of the davenport down hastily ; flung the wire with a gesture of horror and re- morse into the fireplace ; took up his candle wildly in his hand; and rushed from the room and up the stairs, leaviug the door open behind him. Then Sir Thomas rose slowly from his seat in the window corner; lighted the gas in tbe centre bumer; un. locked tbe daven pott, with tears still trickling slowly down bis face ; counted ali the money over carefully to make quite certain ; found it abso- lutely untouched ; and flung himself down upon his knees wildly, between shame, and fear, and relief, and misery. What he said or what be thought in that terrible moment of couflictiug passions is best noe here described or written; but when he rose again his eyes were glistening, more with forgiveness t-bun with horror (anger there had never been) ; and being an old-fashioued gentleman, he took dowu his big Bible from the shelf, just te reassure himself about a text which he thought be remembered somewhere in Luke : " Joy shall be in beaven over one sinner that repenteth, more than over ninety and nine just persons, which need no repentence " " Ah, yes," he said to himself ; " he repented; he repented. He didn't take it. He felt he couldn't after what I said to him." And then, with the tears still rolling silently down bis ! bronzed cheeks, he went up stairs to j bed, but not to sleep ; for be lay rest- less en his pillow alt night through with that one terrible discovery weigh- ing like lead upon bis tender old bosom. ni. j Next morning, after breakfast, Sir Thomas said in a quiet tone of com [ maud to Harry, " My boy, I want to speak to you for a few minutes in the library." Harry's cheek grew deadly pale and be caught his breath with difficulty,, but he followed bis uncle into the library without a word, and took his seat at the table opposite him. ! " Harry," the ola soldier began, as quietly as he was able, after an awk- ward pause ; " I want to tell you a little-a little about your father and mother." j Harry's face suddenly changed from white to crimson, he felt sure now that what Sir Thomas was going to talk about was not the loss of the money from the davenport a week earlier; and on the other hand, though he knew absolutely nothing about his own birth and parentage, he knew at least that there muBt have been some I sort of mystery in the matter, or el bis uncle would surely long sisee ha spoken to bim quito freely of L father and mother. " My dear boy," the Colonel wei on again, in a tremulous voice, " think the time has now come when ought to tell you that you and 1 a no relations by blood ; you are-ye are my nephew by adoption only. Harry gave a sudden start of su prise, but said nothing. " The way it all came about," S Thomas went on, playing nervous! with his watch-chain, " was just thi I was in India during the Mutiny, i you know, and while I was statiotn at Boolundshabr in the North-Wei Provinces, just before those con founded niggers -I mean to say, bi fore the sepoys revolted, your lathe was adjutant ol' my regiment at th same station. He aud your mother- well, Harry, your mother lived in small bungalow near the cautone merits, and there you were born ; win exactly eight mouths before the affai at Meerut, you know-the beginnin of the Mutiny. Your lather, I'r sorry to 6ay, was a man very tuuc giveu to high play-in short, if you'] excuse my putting it so, my boy, regular gambler. He owed money t almost every man in the regimen! and amongst others, if I must tell yo1 the whole truth, to me. In thoa days I,sometimes played rather lug] myself Harry ; not so high as you poor father, tay boy, tor 1 was alway prudent, but a great deal higher thai a young man in a marching regimen has any right to do - a great dca higher. I left off playing itnuiediatb after what I'm just going to tell you and from that day to this, Harry, I'v< never touched a card, except for whis or cribbage, aud never will do, mi boy, if I live to be as old as Methu selah." The old man paused and wiped bil brow for a second with his capacious handkerchief, while Harry's eyes, eas' down upon the ground, began to fil rapidly with something or other thai he couldn't for the life of him uiauagc to keep out of them. " On the night before the newt from Meerut arrived," the old soldiei went on once more, with his eyet tur oed half away from the trembling lad, "we played together in tht major's rooms, your father and I, with a few others ; and before the end of the evening your father had lost ti large sum to one of his brothel officers. When we'd finished playing he c¿me to me to my quarters, and ht said, ' Woolrych, this is a bad job. J haven't got anything to pay McGkegoi with.' '* ' All right, Walpole,' I answered bim-your lather's name was Captain Walpole, Harry-' I'll lend you what over's necessary.' " ' No, no, my dear fellow,' he said, * I won't borrow and only get my se li into worse trouble. I'll take a shorter and easier way out of it .all, you may depenl upon it.' " At the moment 1 hadn't the slightest idea what ho meant, and so I said no more to him just then about it. But three minutes after he left my quarters I beard u loud cry, and saw your father iu the moonlight out in the compound. He had a pistol in his hand. Next moment the report of a shot Bounded loudly down below in the compound, and I rushed out at once to see what on earth could be the matter. " Your father way laying in a pool of blood, just underneath a big mango tree beside the door, with his left jaw shattered to pieces, and his brain pierced through from one side to the other by a bullet from the pistol. " He was dead-stone dead. There was no good doctoring him. We toole him up and carried him into the sur- geon's room, and none of us had the courage all that night to tell your mother. 'f Next day news came of the rising at Meerut. "That same night, while wo were all keeping watch and mounting guard, expecting our men would fol- low the example of their companions at headquarters, there was a sudden dm and tumult in the lines, about niue in the evening, whan the word was giveu to turn in, and McGregor, coming past me, shouted at the top of his voice, 'It's atl up Wcelrych. These bisele devils have broken loose at hist, and they're going to fire the officers'quarters.' " Well, Harry, my boy, I needn't tell you all about it at full length to- day ; but in the end, as you know, wa fought the men for our own lives, and held our ground until the detachment came from Ecawah to relieve us. However, before we oould get to the Bibi's bungalow--the sepoys used to call your mother the Bibi, Harry those black devils had broken in there, and when next morning early I burst into the ruined place, with three men of the 47th and a faithful native Imvildar, we found your poor mother \- well, there, Harry, I can't bear to think of it, even now my boy : but she was dead, too, quite dead, with a hundred sabre cuts, all over her poor blood-stained, hacked-about body» And in the corner, uuder the cradle, the eight-month-old baby was lying and crying bitterly; that was yoa, Harry." The young man listened intently, with a face now once more ashy-white, but still he answered absolutely nothing. " I took you in my arms, my boy," the old Colonel continued in a softer tone ; " and as you were left all alone in the bungalow there, with no living soul to love or care for you, I carried you away in my arms myself, to my own quarters. All through the rest of thar, terrible campaign I kept you with me, and while I was fighting at Futteypoor, a native ayah was in charge of you for me. Your poor father had owed me a trifling debt, and I took you as payment in full, and have kept you with me as my nephew ever since. That is all your history, Harry." The young man drew a deep breath, and looked across curiously to the bronzed face of the simple old officer. Then he asked, a little huskily, " And why didn't my father's or mother's relations reclaim me, sir ? Do they know that I am still living ? " /Sir Thomas coughed, and twirled his watch chain more nervously and_ uneasily than ever. " Well, you see, my boy," he answered at last after a lung pause, "jour mother-I must tell you the whole truth now, Harry your mother was a Eurasian, a half caste lady-very light, almost white, but still a half-caste, you know, and and-well, yourfather's family-didn't. exactly acknowledge the relationship, Harry." " Harry's face burnt crimson once more, and the hot blood rushed madly to his cheeks, for be felt in a moment the full force of the meaning that the Colonel wrapped-up so awkwardly in that ono short embarrassed sentence. There was another long pause, during which Harry kept his burning eyes fixed fast upon Sir Thomas, and Sir Thomas looked down uncomfort- ably at his boots and said nothing. Then the young man found voice again feebly to ask, almost in a whis- per, one final question. " Had you ... had you any particu- lar reason for telling me this story about my birth and my parents at this exact time... just now, uncle ? ** " I bad, Harry. I-I have rather suspected of late ... that .. . that you are falling somehow into... into your poor father's unhappy vice of gambling. My boy, my boy, if you inherit his failings in that direction, I hope his end will be some warning to you to desist immediately." " And had you ... any reason to suspect me of... of any other fault ... of... of any graver fault.... of anything really very serious, uncle ? " The Colonel held his head between his hands, and answered very slowly, as if the words were wrung from him by torture : " H you hadn't yourself asked me the question point blank. Harry, I would never have told you anything about it. Yes, my boy, my dear boy, my poor boy ; I know it all ... all... all.... absolutely." Harry lifted, up bis voice in oneV loud cry and wail of horror, and dart- ed out of the room without another syllable. " 1 know that cry," the Colonel said iu bis o.wn heart, trembling. " I have heard it before 1 It's the very cry poor Walpole gave that night at ßoulundshahr, just before he went out and shot himself 1" IV. Harry had rushed out into the garden ; of that, Sir Thomas felt cer- tain He followed him hastily and saw him by the seat under the lime trees in the far corner ; he had some- thing heavy in his right hand. Sir Thomas came closer and saw to bis alarm and horror that it was indeed the small revolver from the old pistol stand on the wall of the vestibule. Even as the poor old soldier gazed, half petrified, the lad pushed a cart- ridge home feverishly into one of the chambers, and raised the.weapon, with a stern resolution, up to bis temple. Sir Thomas recognised in that very moment of awe and terror that it was the exact attitude and action of Harry's dead father. The entire cha- racter and tragedy seemed to have handed itself down directly from father to son without a single change of detail or circumstance. s^jfi '^'ße old man darted forward bur ^'liedly " with surprising haste, and caught Harry's hand just as the finger rested upon the trigger. "My* boy! my boy!" he cried, wrenching the revolver eas»ity from his trembling grasp, and flinging it, with a great curve, to the other end of the garden. "Not that way! Not that way ! I haven't reproached you with one word, Harry; but this is a bad return, indeed, for a life devoted to you. Oh, Harry ! Harry ! not by shuffling off your responsibilities and running away from them like a cow- ard, not by that can you ever mend matters in the state you have got them into, but by living on, and fight- ing against your evil impulses and conquering them like a man-that's the way, the right way, to get the better of them. Promise me, Harry, promise me, my boy, that whatever «émes you won't make away with yourself, as your father did ; for my \- sake, live on and do better. I'm an old man, an old man, Harry, and I have but you in the world to care for or think about. Don't let me be shamed in my old age by seeing the boy I have brought up and loved as a son. dying in disgrace, a poltroon and a poward. Stand by your guns, my boy ; stand by your guns, and fight it . out to the last minute." Harry's arm fell powerless, to Iiis side, and he broke down utterly, in bis shame and self-abasement fling- ing himself wildly upon the beat be neath the lime-trees and covering bis lace with his hands to hide the hot fears that were bursting forth in a feverish torrent. "I will 4jo," he said at last, in a chocking' voice. " I will go, uncle, »nd talk to Milly." "Do," the Colonel said, soothing his arm tenderly. Do, my boy, j She's a good girl, and she'll advise rou rightly. Go and speak to ber; .'- but before you go, promise me, pro- mise me." Harry -rose, and tried to shake ofl Sir Thomas's heavy hand, laid with a fatherly pressure upon his struggling shoulder. But he couldn't ; the obj , soldier was still too strong for him " Promise me," be said once mon caressingly, " promise me ; promisf me!" Harry hesitated for a Becond in hit troubled mind ; then, with ari effort he answered slowly, " I promise \- uncle." Sir Thomas released him and h< rushed wildly away. "Remember,' the Colonel cried aloud, as he went it at the open folding windows, "re member, Harry, you are on youl honour. If you break parole I sba! think very badly, very badly indeed, of you." - But'as the old man turned bael sadly into his lonely library, h< thought- to himself, i* 1 'wohdei whether I oughtn't to have dealt mon harshly with him ! I wonder whethe Iwas right in letting bim off so easilj for two such extremely-such ex tremely grave breaches of militan discipline !" "Then you think, Milly, tbat'i what I ought to do ? You think Ti better ge and never come back agaii till I feel quite sure of myself ? " " I think so, Harry, I think so .. .1 think so.... And yet... it's verj hard not to see you for BO long Harry." " But I shall write to you everj day, Milly, however long it may be «nd itl conquer. myself, why, then Milly, I shall feel I can come back fit to marry you. I'm notxfit now, and unless 1 feel that I've put myself straight with you aud my uncle, I'll never come back again-never, never, 1 never ! " Milly's lip trembled, but she oaly answered bravely, " That's well, Harry; for then you'll make all the more effort, and for my sake I'm sure you'll conquer. But, Harry, I wish before you go you'd tell me plainly what else it is that you've been doing besides playing and losing your uncle's money." i "Oh, Milly, Milly, I can't-I mustn't. If I were to tell you that you could never again respect me you could never love rae." Milly was a wise girl, and pressed bim uo further. After all, there are some tbing3 it is better for none of us to know about one another, and this thing was just one of them. So Harry Walpole went away from Cheltenham, nobody knew whither, except Milly ; not daring to confide the secret of his whereabouts eveu to bis uncle, nor seeiug that sole friend once more before he went, but going away that very night, on bis own resaurces, to seek bis own fortune as best he might in the great world of London. " Tell my uncle why I have gone," be said to Milly ; " that it is in order to conquer myself ; and tell him that I'll write to you constantly, and that you will let him know from time to time whether I am well and mak- ing progress." it was a bard time for poor old Sir Thomas, no doubt, those four years that Harry was away from him, he knew not where, and be was left alone by himself in his dreary home ; but he felt it was best so ; he* knew Harry was trying to conquer himself. How Harry lived or what he was .doing he never heard ; but once or twice Milly hinted to him that Harry seemed Borely in want of money, and Sir Thomas gave her some to send him, and every time it was at once return- ed, with a very firm but gentle mess- age from Harry to say that he was able, happily, to do without it, and would not further trouble his uncle. It was only from Milly that Sir Thomas could learn anything about his dear boy, and he saw her and ask- ed her about him so often that ht learned at last to love her like a I daughter. The four years rolled. slowly away, ! and at the cud of them Sir Thomas was one day sittingûn his little lib- rary, somewhat disconsolate, and re fleeting to himself that he ought tc have somebody living with him at hie time of lite, suddenly. there came a ring and a knock that made him start with surprise and pleasure, for he .re- cognised them at once as being Harry's. Next moulent the servant brought bim in a card, on which was engraved in small letters, "i)r. H. Walpole," and down in the left-hand corner, " Surrey Hospital." Sir Thomas turned the card ovei and over with a momentary feel- ing of disappointment, fer be had somehow tuueied to himself tin boy covered with glory among Zulus or Afghans, and he couldh'l help feeling that beside that romantic dream of soldierly rehabilitation & plain doctor's life was absurdly pro- saic. Next moment Harry himseli was grasping his hand warmly, and prose and poverty were alike forgot- ten iu that one vif id all-absorbing de- light of his boy recovered. As soon as the first flush of ex- citement was fairly over, and Harrj had cried regretfully, *' Why, uncle, how much older you're looking !" and Sir Thomas had exclaimed in hif fatherly joy, " Why, Harry, my boy what a fine fellow you've turned out God bless me ! Hurry took a little bank bag of sovereigns from bis coa1 pocket und laid it down, very red upo ti the corner of the tablo. " Those are yours, uncle," be said simply. Sir Thomas's first impulse was tc say, " No, no, my boy ; keep them keep them, and let us forget all abou it," but be checked himself just ii time, for he saw that the best an< rightest thing all round was to tata them quietly and trouble poor Harr; no more with the recollection. "Thanl you, my boy," the old soldier answer- ed, taking them and pocketing then as though it were merely the repay ment of an ordinary debt. (" The school for the orphan children ol officers in the army will be all thc richer tor it," he thought to himself.] " Abd now tell me, Harry bow have you been living and what have yoi been doing ever since I last saw you Y " Uncle," Harry cried-he badu' unlearnt to think of him and cali hin by that fond old name, then-" uncle I've beeu conquering myself. Frou the day I left you I've never tduche< a card once-not once, uncle." "Except, I suppose, for a quie rubber," the old Colonel put in softly "Not even for a rubber, uncle, Harry answered, half smiling j " no a cue nor a dice-box either, nor an j thing like them. I've determined t steer clear of all the dangers tht surround me by inheritance, and l'i not going to begiii again as long as live, uncle." " That's well, Harry, that's wei And you didn't go in for a direct con mission, then P I was in hopes, n boy, that you would still, in spite everything, go iuto the Queen's se vice." Harry's face fell a little. " Uncle he said, " I'm sorry to have disa pointed you ; sorry to have been coi polled to run counter to any little ai bitions you might have had for me that respect ; but I felt after all y< told me that day, that the army wou bo a very dangerous profession ( me; and though I didn't want to I a coward and run away from dang< j I didn't want to be fool-hardy a needlessly expose myself to it. So ¡ thought on the whole it would i wiser for me to give up the din commission business altogether, a go in at once for being a doctor. wa» safer, and therefore better in t end both for me and you, uncle." Sir Thomas took tue young mai hand once moie, and pressed it gel ly with a fatherly pressure. "1 boy," he said, " you are right qu right-a great deal more right, inde that 1 was. But. how on earth h¡ you found money to keep youri alive and pay for your education these years-tell me Harry ?" Harry's face flushed up again, t time with honest pride, and he swered bravely, " I've earned enoi by teaching and drawing to pay way the whole time, till I get qu Sea. And I've been qualified now nine months, and got a. post as hot surgeon at our hospitable ; but j waited to come and tell you till sa ved up that money, you know, of my salary, and now I'm going h to settle dowu ia practice here, une Sir Thomas said nothing, but rose from his chair and took I Harry's hands in his with tears, a few minutes he looked at him ti erly and admiringly, then he said his simple way, " God bless you ! i bless you ! I couldn't have done myself, my boy. I couldn't have c it myself, Harry." There was a minute's pause, then Sir Thomas began again, " Tl a secretive little girl that dear 1 Miss Milly must be, never to told me a word of all this, Hs She kept as quiet about all detai if she was s .vorn to the uti secrecy." Harry rose and opened the lib door. " Milly !" he called out, a light little figure glided in from drawing-room opposite. " We expect to get married m t weeks, uncle-as soon us the b can be published," Harry went presenting bis future wife as it to the Colonel. " Milly's monej just be enough for us to live * until I eau scrape together a pre and she has confidence enough ii to believe that iu the end I shall age to get one." Sir Thomas drew her down to chair and kissed her fore! " Milly," he said, softly, " you chosen well. Harry you have wisely. I shall have two childrei instead of one. If you are to near nie I shall be very happy. Hurry, you have proved yourself Now you must let me buy j oractice." GEA-HT ALLEN. READ THE < WEST AUSTRALIAN* THE LEADING PAPEB. DAILY. TWOPENCE. 