SKETCHER Old-time Brisbane Theatricals. MR. GEORGE DARRELL is perhaps more closely identified with the earlier development of the stage in Brisbane than any other actor now living. The following extracts from that gentleman's reminiscences should prove of especial interest just now. Speaking of old time theatricals in Brisbane, Mr. Darrell says:— «* Pi*^ Othello originally in 1871 at the old Victoria Hall, which stood upon the site of the present Theatre RoyaL I believe that was the first performance of the character (riven in the city, and the cast of the play was a memorable and in many respects an artistic one. The two principal performers on that occasion are long since dead and gone, and their equals are rare anywhere. I allude to the late Mrs. George Darrell, who played Des demona, and Miss Rosa Cooper, who enacted ?.« iß*; .In ttcBe d*y B » manager has great difficulty in finding an artist capable of delineat ing the standard legitimate parts. When I commenced the profession they were compara tively numerous ; they have passed away from the scenes of their former triumphs and thrfr mantles have almost fallen into desuetude. We played Othello at the old Vie. at the time I allude to for two nights. Greßley Lukin, a very excellent amateur, and now a well-known journalist, was the laaro, and later on he and I alternated the parts of Othello and lago, and the ladies those of Desdemona and Emilia. The tragedy was presented to crowded houses, and the performance, so said the audience and the critics, was an entirely successful one. In those days, when we used to play Shakespearian and other classical dramas night after night for lengthy seasons, no manager deemed It necessary to announce that entirely new scenery had been painted for the pro duction or that the dresses had been purchased from Worth. Indeed it was nothing uncommon to play an entire engage ment with the ordinary stock scenery run on night after night, and for actors to doable their dresses and their "props" with each other, whilst the possession of a fighting sword and a pair of armour tights insured the happy owner the envy of his brother " pros." On the boards of the old Victoria, I played Hamlet for the firat time in my life; it was the week after the performance of " Othello." and on that occasion Mr. W. J. Traill—the I*^s?"?^°' the Sydney fl««««*-played the Ghost with me. Traill was. and is, tolerably deaf, and he used to pick uphis cues by watch ing the cessation of the aotion of the month. ?.«J em?? b£ r *..B<l well **»* performance of "Hamlet;" the hall was crowded with an en thusiastic and fashionable gathering headed by the Governor and his lady, and Mrs. Darrell and myself were perfectly smothered with f oral offerings, and personally congratulated by *««« excellencies and the notables present During that visit we played "Money" with S^irt?™* I w»e»ber Lukin was Evelyn, Traill Stout, and another old friend of nine. Mr. Ryder, enacted Dudley Smooth. They were jolly times, and profitable ones too— the rental of the theatre wm £3 per week —mark the difference-the rental now is £100 per week—then our weekly expenses were about £100, and the public responded liberally, the dress circle folk turning oat «* mam to every change of bill. Now the current expenses of the Brisbane Theatre are close on £400 Per week. It was nothing uncommon in the old days of the Victoria for the audience to experience the added pleasure of a shower-bath, the gaps in the roof being pretty numerous, and I remember, on one occasion when I was pl»y«ff Macbeth, observing several persons In the front seats raise their umbrellas for shelter, whilst Mrs. Darrell was compelled to tuck up her queenly robes, and wade off the ■*•&•*|jro?«n * Perfect deluge of storm-water. The "Lady of Lyons"was another favourite play with the Brisbaneites, and we were always sure of a bumper house on the occasion of its presentation. Not a few of the old playgoers can remember the performances I speak of. and Ibave had some very pleasurable chats of late with my old friends of those days. As a conse quence, I have been requested on all hands to appear in the three characters I have mentioned, to wit-Othello, Hamlet, and Claude, I intend doing so, thus giving the younger patrons of the drama a taste of my quality in the legitimate roles. I may mention to you «tt pauant that I have, I believe, played Hamlet and Olaude more frequently throughout the Australias than any other actor, and they have always been looked upon as my best interpreta tions. 