STATE CHILDREN'S COUNCIL We publish this morning the list oF appointments to the Council which under the new Act has the supreme governance of the State children of South Australia. Readers who are interested in- the sub ject will have followed' with care the steps leading up to these appointments, beginning with the' publication of the final report of the' Destitute Commission. To the- members of this Commission it was apparent that the Destitute Board; was i unable, through press of business, to/ devote the necessary time f, and attention to the care of; the ' children - of the State, and they therefore advc jcated ..the creation of a body whpse duties would be confined to the supW vision *of destitute children. Legislative sanction was given to this opinion,, and, by a Bomewhat; hastily prepared measure, introduced into the Bouse of' Assembly by the Attoniey- General, power was given to the Governor to ^apppmt &? Council. The ; Commission^ i&Ciwill; be ^remembered, took especial care to recomntend for ' j places'-yohj the new Council two ladies who have beea foremost in their efforts to better the rrcpndi%tt ? oF- destitute, chfldrea bero.' rJteyxind^tius ;,=toey ^tJidioHbl go/^bftt,1 :m3Iree%,i_ihey-very. -*J*uniy intimated their' wish that* such 'members should bje chosen as would' be prepared to furtherjthe interests of the boarding-out system. ? ' * I It will not be matter of- surprise,' then, to learn that, of the eleven pereona ap pointed to seats on the Council, five have been connected with the now defunct Boarding-out - Society. Of these five two are especially prominent. These are Miss Clark, who, in 1867, 'became the pioneer,' to use the words of the Destitute Commission report, 'of the boarding-out system in Australia,' and Misso Spence,; who has for some years, in succession to Miss Clark, acted as Hon. Secretary to the. Society which .made. : it. iia aim to supplement; the official efforts of . the Destitute Board, - To the _ appointment of these ladies there cannot Jbe : the slightest objection ; . rather^ we .inay con gratulate the Government -upon -having been able to secure such valuable &3sis-- tance. lady Davenport and Mr& iColtonJ strong supporters, of: the .BoardingHJutj Society, have also been appointed to- the Council, and here * again there' can be noi question aa to the wisdom of the choice; made. Three other ladies ? have been chosen of whom it ia only necessary to say that they hove much to recommend themy and will have plenty of opportunity of ahowijig their interest in the children, of tti^Sfcate. r The four gentlemen who hold seats on! the Council are well known, and one, Mr. James Smith, has devoted much time and attention to all matters affecting the. care of the destitute and the neglected. ' Dr. Stirling, the President, has not hitherto been identified with boarding-out opera-, tions or generally- with the supervision of the children of the State. It by no means; follows from this, however, .that he will not prove an efficient President. Indeed, the Government are to ba congratulated on having secured the gratuitous services of a gentleman who stands so high, in the medical profession, and is held in such general esteem in the community. The presence on the Council of Buch veterans in the work of caring for the children as Mi*w Clark,. M'qq Spence, Mrs. Colton, Lady Davenport, and Mr. Smith will lighten Dr. Stirling's labours, and atone in large measure for any lack of experience on his part. It may, however, be pointed out that it is important that the chief executive officer of the Council should be a person who has ample ex perience of the working of the boarding out system, and who Tina at the same time a deep sympathy with children. We allude to the paid Secre tary, whoever he or she may be. The ap- , pointment of this official rests with the Council,, and it may be taken for granted that it win be careful in the selection it makes. It is incumbent upon it to elect the best mm — 07 woman— that -offers. It is to be hoped, in the interests of the children of the State, that a wise choice will be made. The State of Pabttks etthe Com mons. — The Unionist Liberals are ? strong in upholding the virtue of their secession from Mr. Gladstone. The meeting held on Tuesday, of which a full account is given in our telegraphic column, showed that they have no thought of receding 'from the position they have taken up. The lead ing spirit was, of course, Lord Hartington, who, as a member of a family which hold valuablepossessionB in Ireland, is naturally opposed to any scheme inimical to Irish landlords. He has no belief in Home Rule in any shape or form. A 'Whig of the old type, he believes in the main tenance more or less of the traditional methods of governing Ireland, having no sympathy for the demands of Irishmen to be governed by their own countryman. In t.hia position he is supported by all the Liberal Unionists returned to the last Parliament, and by a host of other personages, including the Lord Clanricarde, to whom we made reference some days ago, who approve of the old order of things. One of the greatest mischiefs wrought by Mr. Gladstone's ill-considered scheme is that it has united in opposition to the cause of Irish local government men of all shades of political opinion. We have the Conservatives dead against it to a. man. Mr. Bright, the apostle of freedom, opposes it, and loses no oppor tunity of showing the bitterness he feels towards his old leader. Mr. Cham berlain, the natural chief of the Radicals, cannot accept it, though he ia confessedly in favour of Home Bule. Thus the balance of power is thrown into the hands of the Tory Government, which swears by coercion. To this end the Unionists have directly contributed, and upon them must rest much of the responsibility for the inevitable result of carrying out so ex asperating and so shortsighted a policy. Extra Customs Holidays.— In addition to Christmas Bay and New rear's Day, Monday, December 27, and Monday, January 3, will be observed as Customs holidays. This has been brought about through a requisition to the Collector, signed by all the agents. His Excellency the Governor has approved, and the extra holidays will be gazetted to-day. Tmi Stamps Act.— The Commissioner of Stamps is at present busily engaged in answering* questions affecting the operation of the new Act in relation to Banks and mercantile firms. The Act* is working satis factorily for a new measure, and the Com* nrasioner apprehends that after he - as suc ceeded in laying down a few general princi ples for the guidance of the public, all possi bility of doubt or difficulty will be removed. The s.s. Ligtjbia. — This Orient liner passed Breaksea, W.A., at 7 p.m. on Monday. She should, therefore, arrive atLargs Bay at daylight to-morrow. The UjnvBESTTT Examixatioxs. — The number of students who presented them selves for the Matriculation F-Tamii^tTon^ which has just ''been concluded, was 72, of -whom 17 were ladies. Although the exa mination was not finished till Monday at 5 -o'clock, the results were made known by soon on Tuesday, December 7. In each of the years immediately pre ceding there were 61 candidates, of whom 40 passed is December, 1884, and 42 in December, 18S5. This year only 36 passed, but the number of passes in the first-class is higher by 3 than it was in 1884, and by j than it was in 1885. Eight of -the ladies were sneceasfuL ! The results - of the Junior Examination will not; be known until next week. Of 159 candidates, so fewer than 68 were girls. The firnfc local examination outside Adelaide was conducted at Mount Gambier under, the superintendence of the JBev. Dr. Craig and the Rev. R. A. Caldwell ? bat only three candidates came forward The examination was held on the same day1 and at tiie «wm hour as the examination in Adelaide, the papers having been sent down under sealed covers and opened in tie rehool XQOin. ? 1, ? ' Cot Council Coubt of A~?~?~5A!v— On Wednesday morning the City Council oat as a Court- to hear appeals «ff»'«fe the assess-: meat. InHmdmarah Ward there were three, appellants and nineteen appeals. £» each && the Talnatorti assessment ww em* finqed ;j- / In -. Qawier Ward; three^ratepayers. ' representing* ten 'aas^aniEntB,- applied- for a reduction, but ^ 'wereTref osei In Grey Ward seven appeals from four appellants were ,ui'~*^owed,r but in JTpung jWardjqne appeal out of eleven from -seven ratepayers wasaUowed.lTfiere.wereu.no appeals from Robe Ward, -but in- MacDonnell Ward one ratepayer appealed' without; 'result against two assessments^. ^ **''* ??''?'? v:./\\- ' ' ?' BahqueiF ib'Ma. W. B? Bo0JsfsKVELL.-i This Evening Mr;1 W} B. Rotmsevell, one of the members for the Burra,1 who has stated his intention not to] seek re-election, will be banqueted b% -his' constituents at the Barral We undeisfand:thatthe Hon. Dr. Cockburri (Minister of Education), Mr. Rouuseveii s colleague; is the only Minister- who will be present; but the gathering will be a very 'representative; one* so far: as the district ie concerned. Several members of Parliament have expressed their intention of attending4. Gentlemen-living in the city will leave by the 7\. 40 train this morning. - The Pbotectob's Movements.— H.M.C.S. Protector; rwhich once coming off- Fletcher's .Slip has; ocenpied her old position at- Snow- den Beach; is. iow shipping powder: from the magazine at the Torpedo Station preparat ory to returning again to Largs Bay. ; Tins Adelaide Juhilkb Chess Cosgbess. —His Excellency the Governor, as an earnest of ther great interest' he takes in this event; has headed the Prize Fond with a subscrip tiorfbt£5;- '.-? ; Old Coloubts' ' Gathekihg.— On Wed nesday : a meeting of the committee of the1 -' Old - Colonists' Association' ' was held in the City Council Chamber to . consider ' ? the * arrangements for the old colonists1 conversazione.' ' There were- present' Sir Henry Ayers (in ' the chair),' Sir William Mime, Hip Worship the Mayor (Mr. K T. Smith),- Hon. J. C. Brayi Messrs. -Henry Moseley; S. J. Skipperj and Hifam^dredtBon. Secretary). Mr: K'T, Smith - reported- that he'had seen Mr. Auld in reference to his part of the tableaux, and he entered' most heartily into the matter] Arrangements for' the tableaux were* dis cussed. The letter of J.1 Mitchell in the morning's paper re needy pioneers waa taken under consideration, and the Secretary said there were ' 120 ' old colonists : in the Destitute Asylum. He was instructed to get the names; The Secretary reported that the Mayor of Adelaide had, on behalf of the colonists, offered' to present complimentary tickets to all the pioneers. It was, however, thought ? better that the complimentary tickets should be issued by the committee. A letter from G. Bates, a pioneer of sixty - two years, who landed on; Kangaroo Island in 1824, was read. It was reported that the number of applica tions to Mr. Hammer by old colonists foij photographing were so great that he could not meet the demand. It was decided to' limit the portraits to -pioneers between 1836 and 1846. Mr. E. T. Smith offered the use of the Mayor's Parlour to stow the relics in. Several members of the committee reportep progress. It was suggested that the loan of portraits of Captain Sturt and others in the Legislative Council might be obtained on application to the proper quarter. The Mubdeb op Me. John Dttback.— The intelligence of the murder by natives of Mr.: John Durack at his station in the north western portion of Western Australia will1 be received with regret by the many persons' in the colonies who have known him and his' family in connection with pastoral pur suits. The facta in connection with the' outrage have not been fully reported, but it appears that the deceased was foully attacked; It will be remembered ; that in July last Mr. M. Darack, probably a brother of the deceased, visited Adelaide for a^horfr time; being a passengerby the Gamhier ! from Western Australia ' for Queensland. 1 Mr. M. Durack,' who some years ago was! engaged in his business in South Australia for a time, stated that his station was on the! Ord and 200 miles from Wyndham; which is! the locality of the crime. It also ran for 70 ? miles on the border of the Northern Territory. I He described the natives- as a tall powerful i race and untrustworthy. Cbqectal Sittings.— All the cases set down for hearing on Wednesday at the Criminal Sittings were disposed of. Trangott Grossman received twelve months' imprison ment for indecent assault. John Hoskin was sent to gaol for two years and William Manton for six months for similar offences. Henry Burton Shaw was awarded six months' imprisonment for larceny of a watch and chain. All these prisoners pleaded guilty; Theodore Heinrich, charged with aheepstealing, was dismissed, His Honor intimating at the conclusion of the case for the Crown that he did not con sider it was worth sending to the Jury. In the case of Edward Smith, charged with a criminal offence, His Honor did not think the depositions proved a case, and as the Crown could bring no further proof a noUe prosequi was entered. The last case taken was that of Samuel Quarrell, charged with setting fire to his carpenter's shop in Topham-street on October 12. The Jury returned a verdict of not guilty, and Quarrell was discharged. The only remaining cases for trial are Herman Eakoschke, sheep stealing; Herbert John Brownett, aggra vated assault ; Frederick Sowerby, larceny; T. Johnson, larceny ; and John Gill, larceny. These are set down for hearing to-day. The Crops.— The Peninsula crop3 (writes a correspondent) are looking well, and the farmers have hopes of obtaining a good average yield, should the present favourable weather continue. At first the opinion seemed to prevail that we were to be visited by another failure, but the late rains have changed things- wonderfully, and several bave stated that they expect the average will be somewhere near 8 bushels. One crop near Petersville, I consider, is quite equal to 14 or 15 bushels per acre, and should favourable weather con tinue good returns may be expected from all the Peninsula hundreds. The acreage under cultivation this year is some what larger than that of the previous season, but the great, drawback 'that the' farmers have had to labour under is water, and for several months in the year they have had to cart it sometimes as far as 20 miles. Had it net been for this much more land would now have been bearing the golden grain. It is greatly to be hoped that better provision for the conservation of water will be made in the future not only by the- Government, but by the individuals themselves, sb as to prevent this waste of time and expense. Death of an Old Colonist.—On Wed- nesday morning another of our old colonists, in the person of Mrs. S. Gill, of Mitcham, passed away. The deceased lady was the widow of the late Rev. S. Gill, Baptist minister, who for many years was stationed at Coromandel Valley, where he also kept a dayschool for a long time in his Church build- ing. One of the rev. gentleman's sons, Mr. S. T. Gill, was an artist, whose sketches of scenes in the early days of the colony were lithographed in England and sold in Ade- laide recently. The Rev. S. Gill departed this life many years ago, and his widow, a sister of the late Mr. Alexander Murray and Mrs. Donaldson, of Coromandel Valley, died after a comparatively brief illness at the residence of Major Fiveash (whose first wife was Mrs. Gill's only daughter) early on Wednesday at the ripe age of 84. Mrs. Gill was benevolent and sympathetic, and a woman whom to know was to greatly esteem. Amongst those who will miss her will be the adherents of Zion Chapel in Pulteney-street, where she had attended since leaving the country. Pobx Adelaide Regatta, 'r- The four masted barque Crown of India, which was appointed the flagship at the Port Regatta onJTew Year's Day, will have to go to Newcastle before the event comes off. Captain Croots, the master of the Ariadne, has kindly offered the use of his ship to the committee in the place of the Crown of India, and the offer will come before the' next meeting of the Begatta Committee. * THE. WfLLDHGA GOLDFIELBS.— Oar Wil lunga correspondent telegraphed as follows on Wednesday ^ night:— ^Twb Victorian diggers from Teetulpa visited ' the Wflhmga Goldfields- to-day, and. thoroughly inspected the .country* which they consider is more anriferons than the Teetulpa Diggings. They . have gone to Adelaide to report, anil to briDg back » party of twelve Victarians, jThese^ |iar^Btf£5BiBiceniployed5Jaja:jYie-J jftprian. capitalists for- prospecting purpofiesJ'- We ascertained last night from, one of the J diggers mentioned (Mr. T/H. , Day) that he J visited the Willunga district and; was much ; Pleage^ withitii&\- connfay. ^He' spent, aboujt [ :%' ^*y ^t WilluDga^ ^an^ lintends to shortly : take a party down tt^-ujBcoa?ffthe Country. } Mr. Day refused to ^ye'^ny,ppjiniou of thp { field,, but his long experience on goUfields^in j Victoria leads him to think : that thef Willunga j country ^^is a gold-bjearing district. :'MT;'Dayt about af 01 tnight ago came over from Vic toria intending, to' proceed to Teetolpa,' but ~ before going to the latter place he^prefers prospecting at Wfllucga. ..*'' ', ' '± '? \ \ . SERENADING Colonel Lovely.— On Wed nesday evening the Unley Band,- R.V.F., serenaded Colonel Lovely, who has lately been elected Mayor of the Semaphore. The and were invited into Mr. Lovely's' house, and the'proceedings took'a social turn. Several officers and other members of the R.V.F. were also present. St. John's V AiiBULANoa— The ' monthly ? meeting of T theijSt' John's Ambulance. Prac-^ tice Clubj-was; held on Tuesday evening at , E8ielfiach*s1^fewanti~wiem tKere' was a* good. number, of membera presehtl The Pre- ' sident (MrrJ.f Witherick) presided, After the pVdmaryj-, businessMrtW. Whlfehill'(the . examiner) in a very skilfut manner exammed , and dr^ed the members present.' 'J ,\'.'l/' \ ' CqmrciLTr-At' '&' meeting of ' tW Executive ^ Council ,on Wednesday,' D^cembef,8, His ^Ex- ; cellehcy theT3overii6r appointed the following ' ladies- and gentlemen 'members of ^the/State '. Children's Council, which is thus constituted ; pursuant to clause 3'bf Act Not' 387* of 18861— ' Mr. Edward Charles Stirling; M.D.'; 'M.P. ; (President)', Mr.* James' Smith, Mr. Charles Henry: GoOde, J.P., Mr. JVV iluasji .''-A- Dempsey, Lady Margaret Fraser Davenport, Mrslmry ! Colton, 't Mrs. - 'Julia ' Warren Farrj cMiss ; Catherine J r Helen' ' Spence1, Miss Beaaie'-Ansley Baker, -Miss Caroline Emily Clark, and Miss Kate Howard. The: Act provides that the Council shall hot be composed1 of '? more than' twelve persons!, which Council, as' an honorary Board, 'in all matters appertaining to the board ing out, ^ licensing out, adoption, : and apprenticing of State ' children under this Act shall, subject to the control of the Governor, have the care, management, and control of all Industrial Schools, Refbrmar tory Schools, and houses of reception hereinbefore -appointed, or hereafter to be appointed, and shall be the authority for the boarding out, licensing out, adoption, or apprenticeship of all State children, and their removal, recall, and restoration to their parents or guardianB.' ' Silos and Ensilage.— ^From Mr. J. L. Thompson, recently Manager of the Beefacres Farm, South Australia, but now Manager ot the Government Experimental Farm, Cashed Victoria, we have received a copy of a paper upon 'Silos and Ensilage,' as read by him before the Shepparton Amalgamated Agricultural, Horticultural, and Pastoral Society on November 23. ' Mr. Thompson gave a history of the recent adoption and progress in France and America of the ancient practice of preserving vegetable substances by silage1— a practice which has been pursued by the Mexicans and other semi- civilized people from time immemorial,. with a digest of the evidence given before a Conference . upon Silage held at New York in 1882. The writer then related his own expe riences and practice with silos or silage in. South Australia, paying a just tribute to the enterprise of Mr. Charles Rake, Enfieldj who was the first in this colony to make arid fill a silo. He then described the construc tion of silos of various descriptions, the methods of filling the silos in or der to pro duce what is known as ' sweet silage,*' or the more common form known as 'sour silage,': the coverings and closings arid the weightings of the silage; also the proper way to open the silo and to remove the ensilaged fodder. Next he named a number of crops which he considered suitable for 'ensilage; mentioned' the adverse opinions expressed by several eminent professional authorities against silage as' a food for stock, including Sir J. B. Lawes, who, however,'' he quoted as having! alteredhisopinionaftermanyexperimento. He finished up a lengthy and exhaustive paper' with some remarks upon the practical results of the use of silage, and observations upon: the favourable report of the recent English Ensilage Commission, and expressed astonish ment that so few farmers in Victoria had availed themselves of the advantages ^fforded by the practice of ensilage, with a cbnclndihg hope that many of the farmers of the Goulbourn Valley would ba induced to build silos. Grange Mutual Improvement Societt. — On Tuesday evening at the meeting of the above Society the Rev. J. B. Sneyd delivered an address entitled 'Holiday Experiences,'' and embracing a trip to Melbourne, Sydney,; and Brisbane. The lecturer depicted very clearly the principal sights of these cities, referring especially to the Public Library, Art Gallery, and Museum of Melbourne, the harbour of Sydney, and the marvellous growth of Brisbane. The address was much appreciated. National Building Society.— The half yearly meeting of shareholders ~ in the National Building Society was held on Wed nesday evening, December 8, at the Society's office, Victoria- square. There was a small attendance, and the Chairman of Directors! (Mr. James Anderson) presided. The Direc tor*.' report was as follows ':—'- The Board in; theirforty-eighthhalfyearlyreportregretthat' the continued depression has had the effect of causing an unusually large amount of with-: drawals from the funds for the past six; months, to the extent of £13,058 7s. 9d. To: meet this unexpected demand the Board has :de-: voted nearly the whole of thejSociety's income, ' and will continue' to do so until all' with-1 drawalB are paid. In connection with the1 general depression that prevails throughout1 the colony, and the consequent depreciation j of the lvalue of the securities held by the; Society, as well- as to check undue with-' drawals, the Beard think it but just and fair to those members who remain in the Society that they should be protected to some extent, ! and therefore propose to impose on all withdrawals and redemptions a discount' of 5 per - cent. The receipts for the forty-eighth half-year are £*t7,821 17s. 8d., including an overdraft of £4,900 2s. lOd. The expenditure has been — For loans, £815 j for shares matured, £8,925; for withdrawals, £13,058 7s. 9d.; for deposits repaid, £1,754 9s.; interest paid to depositors' and Bank, £378 6s. 10d.; land and income tax, £107 17s. Id.; overdraft paid off, £2,070 17s. 2d.; insurances, £37 14s. 7d.' and com mission and charges, £673 5s. 3d. The gross profit for the half-year is £3,34£H0s. 4d., and after deducting expenses the Board propose adividend of 8d. in the pound. The Goodwood Park: estate has, considering the badness of1 the times, very fairly kept op its weekly payments, but the Southwark estate has not been up i to its usual standard. The Board 'sincerely hopes that better times are at hand. The severe trial that all public and private financial institutions are now and have been passing through will teach one vital and important lesson to Building Socie ties, viz.; the necessity of establishing a Reserve Fund, andtheBoard fully endorse the sentiment expressed by the Building Societies and Mortgage Companies Oasutle of Vic toria, viz. , 'We trust the time' 1b not far dis tant in 'Australia when every Building Society will possess a good working perma nentcapitalandasubstantial Reserve Fund.'7 After some- discussion the report waa adopted and the meeting dosed. Baron Miklouho Maclay: — The Baron Miklouho Maclay is still (writes the London correspondent of the Argus tat October 29) prosecuting bis forlorn' hope of obtaining support in St. Petersburg Tor a scheme of Russian colonization in New Guinea, but; so far the Russian Government have jiot authorized him to unfurl- the national flag* on the Maclay coast H is not likely, that anything' will be done ? towards giving the ''tnwwyil 'nttforptlint mnrih official r encouragenent, for M. ' de Giers aimB at ratbex decreasLjg than multiplymg , occasions for disagreement wife Prince Bis marck. Since Germany claims the* north east coast t-f New Guinea* mcluding the Maclay cout, it is pxutty oertam that no Russian' colony will be attempted in Papua, even if the uJducemente were greater than fliey are. Baron Maclay, howerer, has jus^ Dpenedi iu :St Peterab»tjf: Mfl: BmaU :exhibf tionL-5f . ethni}l«gi!*aljoobiectaj front Nefr !8i{'n-^:and^^v+Myftij.4irohj^liag^ rani ha»i^eli?er«icajllec*we:.on hia; Jkjttenopfia to^^civilize^the :aborigniee: of; jTewrGufefiJ . He, spoke^iitYeiy 'je^ere; terms. «f the 3a*rerv, oppression,; and cruelty .maintaineq amon;' the natives byG^rjnanj sinceher adyentaa: a colonizmg'-pQwer^'' On the other hand, he - reiterated' jiis joft -rexpresseji ^pinion t&at; ' among all the great powers pos3eaHingcol(|- - s^;m..^e.E^cjfj(v^ just and huniarTe^in^ her treatmenV of .the; natives.' He briefly adverted to isuggestion : he had thrown^ out 'some, eight;, years again ; favour of the ' establifihment ot an inter national police' for ihe Pacific. ' ^ .* '. , ? I The Boss' Bbigadb;— A imovemenfc has been set, on foot by the. committee -»f .this Boys' Brigade to give the member^, a, Chris^- : mas treat;in the shape, of a pocjoio tq spmp suiteiDle place a Utfle^ distance j^m town. - For thiB purpose It jirill '6e nejceBsary to ask [ the public for* help towar^th^ .expenses. J Subscriptions'pr prg/^uses of pro visionsJ may Be 'seat to this'offic^pKto Mr. S.t Dixon (at . Luxmoore '{.& ,Co7s,r^i*nlied^.G^berfeplaoBj, - the .Honorary' Trea^urer^ ''; We ^undeisiand ttatiie work of 'iie brigade is^bjei^ carried . on In* a- sat^factc^cm^imer^'^,.r^ular members numbering Bixty'b^ysT ^.Recently Beveral ladiea; Have^endered yalaable asaia tauceurcaJTyingbri t£e1evenmg.claBsea l' d providing amusemenfifc1 x ; - ,' I . LiTBEABYr Item?.— From, Mr.. Samuel Mullin's *^^j^ '^r^v-r^ rKove^be~r we extract ^tbja' .following^iteni^ 'of llferaiy ' gbesip :— ?' Thr'ee^announcjeinents are madB of^ intereBt .*toT the admirers' of Randolph' Q^deicotfc 'The ; mtiati ' mporteiat 1s| a 'per- : Ebnal memoir of h^'early^^career, written, with the ; assistance of hisl representatives, bjr Mr. Henry1 Blacibutn, with 17;6 illjastra- - tions, many of them. facr8imiles of sketches and decorative- designs' never before' jp'ubi- liihed. We 'are aKo pronusedP' by Meraa. Macmillari a small'. quarto volo^ie containing . his illuBtratibn8Ltb ' Jack and the Bean Btalk.' Arid, lastly, an edition On fine paper of his illustratioris to- Washington Irving's '.Old Christmas and Bracebridge Hall,' by which he first established' Bis reputation. ?It inay biff news -to many of our readers that the staff of Punch has been augmented by the addition of Mr. Anstey, author of 'Vice Versa.' So, atleast, Bays the London correspondent of an Ameri can journal. 'Life,' writes Mr. Ruskin in a note appended to a new number of Proser pina, ' is really too disgustingly short. One has only to get one's materials together by the time one can no more use them; But let me say, once for all, inclosing this fragment of work, old and new, that I beg my friends very earnestly never to mind paragraphs about me in the public papers.' My ilmesEes, so ' called, are only brought on by vexation-; or worry (for which said friends, ara often themselves in no small degree answerable), and leave, me after a few weeks of wandering thoughts much the same as I was before, only, a little sadder and wiser. Probably, if I am spared till I am 70, 1 shall be as ead and wise aa I ever wish to be, and will try to keep, so to the end.' The date of this characteristic out burst is August 10, 1886. Messrs. Macmil lan's announcements include a jubilee edition of the ' Pickwick Papers,' edited with notes by Mr. Charles Dickens the younger, with many illustrations in the text ; and a minia ture edition of Lord Tennyson's works, in fourteen volumes. The Rev. H. R. Haweis has a new work in five volumes in the press, entitled -Christ and Christianity,' which has for its object the representation of Jesus and his work in the light of modem historical criticism and archaeological research.' The Dog Question.— The great dog ques-j tion has (says a London exchange): on one of the many. points at issue. been simplified: by! the decision recently given in the' Queen's1 Bench Division, namely,! that dogs are not under proper: control unless they are either; muzzled or. led. This view of the case, com mends itself to common sense.* Dogs,. Mr.; Justice Stephen remarks, are not only insen-i sible to moral influences, but, unless they are muzzled or. led with a string tied round their: necks, are liable, to bite any object to which they may take a fancy, whether it be a sheep, or the trousers of a human being. The very | fidelity of a dog to its master sometimes leads; it to jump at an erroneous conclusion that he' is threatened with a danger against which he! needs such protection as it can. afford. . Dogaj labouring under this amiable delusion will! fly at and bite without a moment's hesitation, entirely unoffending persona whom theyj imagine are about to injure or assault their j masters. Such mistakes are of by no means | uncommon occurrence, and hence an addi tional argument in favour of the muzzle or chain. A New Ghost Story. — A rather curious' case will shortly be heard before the tribunal; of a German town (writes one of the London; papers), the original- cause of which' is a rat. It seems that, some time ago, the house of an inhabitant of the town was invaded by a number of rats, and to get rid of them the' following Btratagem was resorted to. The, inmate of the house caught one of the in-] traders, tied a string of little bells round its. neck, and let it go. The rat on regaining its liberty went to rejoin its fellows, but the; latter, scared by the jingling of the bells,; fled from the house, and sought domicile: elsewhere. As for the one with the bells! attached, it chose a neighbouring house fort its abode, and it was this which led to, the present lawsuit. ? ~ The inmate ? of. the. house was awoke one. night by the mysterious jingling of a bell, and, unable, toaccount'for the* sound, he poke about the] matter to his family and household; The, worthy, people were extremely superstitious,! and when on several- succeeding nignta the tinkling of bells was heard distinctly, by [every j one, the only conclusion that could beTreached ' was that the house .was haunted. Under thia impression the servants, quitted their places, their mistressfell.ill;in fact to, the; peace and tranquillity .that .. had., formerly ' reigned succeeded terror and alarm.- ^Ulti mately it chanced that the ' ghost,' that is to say the rat, was caught, and upon the much-tormented family learning who had' belled the creature' it was decided ,to bring an action against him to obtain compensation for all the worry bis stratagem had occa sioned his superstitious neighbours. The Increase of Baldness.— Whether the silk hat— or ' stove-pipe,' as the1 Ameri cans irreverently call it— -is responsible or not for the increase of baldness (says the' Evening Standard) is a question which we may safely leave hygienic reformers and hair-' dressers to discuss at'their leisure. The fact, however^ remains that bald heads are much' more common, atjeast in large cities, than was the case a generation ago. A shrewd observer In the United States has* been making the subject, his special study, with the result that he 'las' discovered that in most of the towns on the eastern seaboard fully SO per oent. of the nien over 30 years of age manifest* unmis takable signs of approaching baldness,, whilst nearly 20 per cent, are^actuallybald! on the crown of the head. This student of! the heads of the people declares* that the same statement applies to Chicago, St, Louis, and other great cities- in the West, where he, profesBCE to have verified, his statistics byan, 'actual count*1 in the chief Churches and| theatreB. It is in New ~£ork and Boston, however, that bald-headed, men are most plentiful; next in order comes Philadelphia,' then Washington, and then the western' towns. 'At Trinity Church, Boaton, the other Sunday, there were, we are told, 243 men present*, and out of this number seventy-' one were specimens of -actual and ' polished', baldness ; whilst forty-six were plainly going: to the bad so far as their hair was concerned? Bald men seem curiously enough to be fonder of placesof amusement than of Church, for at' a theatre in that town this critic of cr&rintms; counted one night a hundred and' twenty-six mm, and out of this number he as*ertsr that fifty-one were actnally bald,! whilst forty-three betrayed ^indications,7' He regrets— but the fair sex will not echo his -Tamentation.-'-tbat- the bonnet acts as an effectual barrier to' prying eyes as to the ladies, and that, therefore,'he iTunanletc give'Bimilar '-inlonnatioit:- concerning- the ra-ragerwhich-envjousitime hmmade) uporJ their locks;' ^ g * j * ' 