IRoveUst - PUT ASUNDER: ' OB LADY CASTLE MAINE'S DIVORCE.. By BERTHA M. CLAY, . AUTHOR OF " HIS ONE MISTAKE," " THROWN ON I THE WORLD," "A STRUGGLE FOR A RING," "A BITTER ATONEMENT," ETC. / CHAPTER XXXVII.— (Continued. Isabel appeared at breakfast, so did Lord Castlemaibe. They spoke little. Rudolph shrugged his shoulders when he found his wife would not be at- breakfast. Lord Castle- . mainedi'd finally say to Isabel: " You say you disliko Colonel Xi9nnos. Way " do you tolerate him, as yon did laetnight, by treating him as you do other meD ?" "Yon forget," said Isabel Hyde, gently, " that I am not a leader in society. I have no ons to support any stand Imaymaxe. My aunt thinks I owe her a heavy debt of " gratitude for maintaining me here for two seasons, and the only way I can pay that debt is by aiding her in every way which she requires to make her home agreeable and her entertainments a success. I csnnot take an independent course, l wisn x comu. auu ; then, too, I may not know about Colonel Lennox all the evil that you know of " llmrn rrav bn many things that would not be mentioned oaiore iue. " That is very true," said Castlemaine, thinking suddenly that possibly his wife might bo as innocent of these scandals as Mis3 Hyde was. "At tha same time," added Isabel, hastily, " you have been my kind, faithful friend. I respect your opinion above all things, and if you tell me that you think I should ignore Colonel Lennox, I should osi tainly endeavour to do so in every way in my power.' The letters were brought in. Lord Castle maine took np his, and as ho asked leave to open it he wished that Gertrude was of as reasonable and amiable a temper as Mica Hyde. "Miss Hyde," ha aaid, presently, "I am called to Neath on bnoioss3 of much import ance ; I mnat catch the next train. Explain my absence to "Gertrude ; say I will return to morrow. He hastened from the breakfast-room, and soon left the house. Isabel wrote a little oard to Lady Castle maine, laid it with her letters, and gave them to Fanny to take to her mistress. la a short time Fanny came to say that L-idy C istlo- maine desired to see Miss Hyde. Isabel found her still ia bed, her letters scattered about the counterpane. " So Rudolph ha3 rushed off to Neath?" " Yes. Are you going to wear the willow in that hehalf ?" " No I But truly, Isabel, he i3 so dicta torial, so unreasonable, that I do not know what to say or do. I feel as if I lived on the eide.of a volcano, or in wretched earthquake lands. Now here, my mother has written. She is not so well. She cannot leave Bath, end she has her business to do, and lias sent for Mr Grimheld, our solicitor ; but then the business cannot be done unless Bhe seeL mo, i and she desires me to come down, this after- noon, for three days. Now. if I go right off, who knows but Rudolph will go into another fury over that ?" ' Of course he could not. He would not be jealous of your mother. Nothing can be more proper than to go to her ; you can take Fanny. There is no question about it. Your mother need's you. She may be more ill than she says. I should be anxious, were I in your place." And you think that I should go ?" " Certainly. There will be a train at four - o'clock, from Common street. I spent several months at Bath, with Aunt Cresson." " Will you come with me, Isabel? You would not wish to stay here without me, and yon might as well go to Bath as to your Aunt." " Certainly I will go, if you desire it.'.' " Well, then, ring for Fanny. I will have tier pack my things, Bnd I wilt writs a note to Rudolph, inclosing my mother's letter. We go at "four. I almost thiDk I will enjoy it ; it will be a change, and Rudolph will have time to come to his senses." The letter to her husband was of the enrtest. Gertrude was yet deeply angered at what ehe considered the inexcusable attack of the previous evening. To cut Bhort her pleasure, her pretty social triumph with such furiou3, cruel words 1 While Gertrude wrote her letters, break fasted, and had some talk with her house keeper, Isabel went quietly to the nearest telegraph office and sent this dispatch to Colonel Lennox : " G. and I go to Bath, to Lady. Craven, for three days. We take the 4 P.M. train." An hour after Colonel L:nnox received this . he took the train to Charing Cros3 station for Ipswich — a journey of which ho took especial pains to inform hiB friends. At four the next the next morning he reached Bath, by a train from Ipswich, Cambridge, and Oxford, a roundabout tour, whioh the colonel took with vast delight. An evening with her mother, recounting all social news, and all the events of the season, restored Gertrude's spirits. Lady Craven's illneBS were evidently, most of them, fancied, and she was looking fresher than ever. By autumn the little fiction of ill-health would all be done away with. In the morning she insisted that Gertrude and Isabel must go out for a walk, and to drink tho waters. Mr. Grimheld was not to come for business talk until one o'clook lunch. Lady Craven was on terms of great friendliness with her lawyer, whom Bhe had known since her seoond jnarriage, and who had been her hseband's warmest friend. Gertrude had been accus tomed to regard the lawyer almost as one of ber family, and it bad been pleasing to her thai he was also in charge of the affairs of the Castlemaine estates, and highly regarded by her husband. Scarcely had the two ladies entered Sydney Gardens, when they were joined by Colenel Lennox, who met them, crying joyously: " This is an unexpected pleasure." " It certainly is unexpected," said Gertrude, as she gave him her hand. " I am on a sudden summons from my mother. As I said before, you meet us as if you were inspired by a tell-tale bird or a familiar spirit, Whioh is it?" " If we were either, tbe genius should have my deepest gratitude, said Colonel Lennox, with a glance at Isabel, unseen by Gertrude. "And, pray, when did you come?" asked Isabel,- calmly. "Day before yesterday. I heard that an old friend, a major of my regiment, wa9 here siok. There is a strong fraternal feeling among officers, yon know, and I came here directly I left Lady Craven's tableaux. Very charming, were they not ? I recall them with joy. I never saw anything so beautiful. We had poetry, painting, and scnlpture all together — a true soul-feast. I shall recall it in distant wilds and jungles or deserts, many a time, doubtless. The flower show here is just opening, and is said to-have some very remarkable orchids. JWill you visit it ?" They lingered among the flowers until twelve, and Colonel Lennox escorted them to Lady: Craven's door. Both Isabel and Gertrude refrained from mentioning whom they bad met. Meanwhile Colonel Lennox returned to his hotel and his friend. He had , in fact, known for some time that a disreputable old major of his acquaintance | was trying, with Bath water, to restore a system destroyed by brandy, but he had no idea of visiting him until he found that he could make him a good exouse for his appearance in Bath. " And how have you spent the morning ?" asked the major. "Most charmingly. I met Miss Isabel Hyde, a brunette, who drove London society quite wild two seasons since, and yet reigns 'in maiden meditation, fanoy, free.' And, also, Lady Gertrude, who orowned her first season by marrying the Earl of Castle maine." "I know," said the major, eagerly; "a great beauty, and a tremendous fortune. Her mother enjoys the income from the estate, but the entire property of her father will revert to th8 daughter. Ah I Castlemaine was in rare luok always. He had all that fortune could give him in his own behalf, and gets what the Frenoh call an enormous dot with hia wife He'll have it all." "Not if he happens to die before his mother- in-law," said Lennox. "Not much likelihood; a young fellow made of iron, and moral as a prior." « Or if be should happen to— get divorced," said Lennox, "before his mother-in-law died. In that case the lady would inherit in her o?:c behalf." "Divorced!" cried the major, wi-th a roar of laughter. " You don't seem to know that that was a love match, and that Lady Castle- _ - _ tf ! n _ . mm /"In rt _ maine, as juibh graven auu aj uj vacuo- rnaine, is a truo model of propriety. The Snow Queen— the White Rose, they say." "No doubt— no doubt; but modern society is so queerly constituted, and social life has now so many fantastic ways, one never knows what mav happen." " Jiispeoiauy wiieu euuu u-cu - loose on society, Lsnnox," said the major, eneeringly, " I am not numbered among the Castle maine set," said the colonel, coldly, changing the conversation. Lord Castlemaine returned home to find his wife and Isabel absent ; and the cold note of Gartrude, containing the letter of her mother, explained the ahsepce, but did not comfort his heart. Going to dine at his club, he heard Colonel Lennox mentioned, with the news that he had gone to Ipswich, and, also, that his regiment might st any instant be ordered to Egypt. Lord Castlemaine felt tempted to foment wars and discords abroad, so that by the withdrawal of a dangerous element he might have peace at'home. Gertrude returned at the time appointed, and there seemed a truce to domestio strife. \- The breach. was sadly wide ; the coldness be tween the married pair was evident enough to put Isabel, who pretended to ignore it, in the highest spirits. There were no more looks of tender love, eager confidences, true, heart felt compliment ; each heart was wounded ; each one felt the other the mo3t to blame, and neither proud heart would bend to blame itself. In another month they would go to Neath for a rest, after the excitement of the season. To that Lard Castlemaine secretly looked for ward. He would have his wife to himself, and mutual explanations and mutual forgive ness might follow. He did not wish even Isabel invited to accompany them. Lady Gordon gave a garden party. Her garden-parties wore considered the very crown ing festivities of the season— the lovely grounds b?eame a true arcadia. Isabel was charming in pink and puffed tulle ; but what was Isabel in comparison with the beautiful Lady Castlemaine, in a drees of the faintest shade of blue, trimmed with white water-lily buda in her g-fiden hair, water-lilies half-open about her snowy shoulders that out- gleamed tho flowers, water-lilies showing their fragrant hearts of gold, drooping from her dainty waist, along the shimmering folds to her feet. Lord Oastlemaine's heart grew very tender toso much beauty. They had been together ; then friends had called each one away. Sud denly Lord Castlemaine met the two friends whom he had overheard S3lking in the olab- heuse, and the sight of them always re minded him of the culpable carelessness of husbands. He turned to find his wife. He went here and there. Finally he saw. her. Evergreens formed a circle around a fountain. In that seclusion and coolness, he heard his wife's sweet tones mingling with the plash of waters. She sat on tbe marble baBin of the fountain, and was idly floating in the water a lily she held in her own white hand. She was look ing up and chatting with some one, who bent over her with evident admiration in every line of his face. That man was Colonel L-nnox. CHAPTER XXXVIIL A CRISIS OF FATE. When Lord Costlemaine saw the pair by the fountain, he was wild with jealous rage. That e.Dy man should dare look on his wife with such adoring admiration I The fact was, that Gertrude had become accustoms! to Colonel Lennox's adoring, passionate gaze, and merely considered it "his way of look ing," without considering whet it meant. ' His first impulse was to spring forward, seize his wife's hand, and lead her away— away from the garden-party, away from Lon don, a way from England I But- Lord Castle maine belonged to a class which, however hot may be its passion, is schooled in self-con trol ; repression, decorum, these were his earliest lessons. He oheoked himself a moment to take his breath — to become master of him self. In that moment the Duke of Portsea, with Lady Gordon on his arm, stepped from the circle of evergreens and stood before the countess and the colonel. Lord Castlemaine was not near enough to hear what was said ; but there are actions that have a clear voice. After the interchange of a few sentences, Lady Gordon laid her hand on tbe colonel's arm, and they moved out of sight, while the Bake of Portsea gave bis arm to Gertrude, . : " and they directed their Bteps towards the con servatory. Lord Castlemaine understood it all. The conduct of his wife was giving rise to com ment and suspicion ; Lady Gordon had inter vened to. save the imprudent Gertrude from her own folly ; the fatherly old duke was quietly defending Lady Castlemaine from a dangerous man. Rudolph's heait burned hotly. His wife in this terrible position 1 But he must control himself ; they were near him. Tha eyes of husband and wife met. His flamed indigna tion ; hers shot defiance. Possibly the good duke saw these eignals of warfare, and so threw himself into the breach. "Ab, Castlemaine 1" he cried, "your wife has honored me by going with me to see Lady Gordon's famous rhododendron ; it took the prize at the show in Russell Square last week ; therefore, it is the finest rhododendron in London, in England, in all the world ; and we go to pay our homage to it. I do not wish to resign my fair partner ; age is now graced by beauty. Will yon oome with ns, or are you satisfied with the company she is in?" Lord Castlemaine bowed low. " My wife oonld not be in better company than she is in now." Gertrude understood him. He had seen her with Lennox. The hand on the duke's arm trembled a little, and her bosom heaved quickly. She wished that she were alone, that she might burst into angry tears. She was, then, watched, spied, condemned 1 There . would follow farther sceneB of angry crimination and recrimination. Gertrude did not love quarrelling. She preferred peaoe, but a peaoe in which she might have her own way. Rather than yield to injustice, to in dignities, to arbitrary rules, Bhe would quarrel to the bitter end. Probably a beautiful rhododendron was never looked on with more wandering and less admiring eyes. Lord Castlemaine with drew from the frequented walks ; ha oonld not boar to meet anyone. He took a secluded seat, and gave himself np to bitter thought. Every wind-stirred leaf, every chirpidg bird, every humming insect Beemed echoeing con demnations of the folly of Gertrude. What hope was there for one headstrong against counsel, lenient to vice, careless of her own dignity? He did not know that only the first of these oharges held good against Ger trude. Lady Gordon came and placed herself at his side ; she laid her hand on his arm. " Yon look sad, my friend ?" Lord Castlemaine knew that she had somo-' thing to say, and if this subject must be opened, better with an old friend like Lady Gordon, a woman of good ja-Jgxitjas, tuaa with any other. . " I am sad," he said. " I am bitterly dis appointed, much perplexed-" . " The task of guiding a beautiful wife, eo young as yours, through tho quicksands of modern society is not an easy one, Bjid Lady Gordon. "You mast remember that what makeB it so hard is the very thing we moat admire. Innocence, incapable of wrong doing, ignorant even of what wrong is; 'Sim plicity and frankness that conceal nothing— these make Gertrude's danger." .. iii il L ... A. r»A 111 " AO tains ma6 my wijo uuum — danger!" . " Not in danger of any wrong doing, be lieve me, but of criticism and slanderous tongues. You should warn her against Colonel Lennox. He i3 paying her very pointed attention, and she doa? not know it. " I have warned her in the strictest manner, ' overbad over." x. i,ij Ccrfan " that modern society admits freely m6n whose slightest attentions are dangerous to our innocent young matrons and maidens. All such evil-doers should be banished ; but they are not, and no one of use is brave enough to begin a just system of black-ball ing." " Then, as such men cannot be banished, the only thing that remains is to take the unfortunate women that they venture to admire out of their way." " I think that is tho beet plan. By the next season he will no doubt be gone, and she will have gained experience." "I have thought of going at once. to Neath." , .„ " I should do so. I have passed these idle hints unheeded, as nothings ; though I did think it a little reckless of Gertrude to a3k a man like Lennox to a garden luncheon. I have heard, too, that he has said he should give a dinner at Greenwich, and hoped that Lady Castlemaine would honor him by pre siding. But when I heard that he followed her -to Bath, it really seemed to me to be going too far." . . " To B3th I" faltered Lord Castlemaine, his heart growing cold. " A friend of mine wrote that he saw Gertrude and Isabel in the Sydney Gardens with Colonel Lennox. I thought as the news had so come to me, it might equally have reached others, and lest idle tongues should begin to talk, 'when I found he had wandered oil alone with her, I went and took him away." " I thank you." Bat the tone of these words made Lady Gordon tremble. " I beg your pardon, my friend," Bhe said, " remember that in such a case great gentle ness is needed as great firmness. I assure , you, your wife is as pure and simple as a ohild.' You must be tender. I should have had my son ruined, if to great firmness, I bad not known how to add patience and tender ness." "All do not possess those gracious quali ties," said Lord Castlemaine. " They must cultivate them. They are indispensable. You must seek them, my friend. You will repent all harshness. Ba gentle. Remember, ako, ' that' every good and perfect gift is from shove, and oometh down from the Falher of light.' " Pressing Lord Castlemaine's hand, Lady Gordon moved off among her guests. Lord and Lady Castlemaine were the first to take leave. "I do not wish to go," said Gertrude, pettishly. " I am enjoying myEell. Isabel is not ready. Send the carriage back for us." " Isabel oan be left under the ohaperonage of her aunt. I desire that yon will accompany me at once." Not a word was spoken on the way home. Arrived at home, Lord Castlemaine said : " Gertrude, will you kindly eome to the library ? I wish to speak with you." " I cannot. I am tired. I must go and change my dress." " That can wait. I insist upon you coming, to hear what I have to say." With a haughty step Gertrude entered the library, and threw herself into a chair. " Well ?" she said, sharply. " Gertrude, you havs not regarded my. wishes about Colonel Lennox." " I treat Colonel Lennox just as I troat others. He is nothing to me." " I do not wish him treated as others. He ib unworthy of it." " I cannot make myself absurd by varia tions of conduot, as if I thought any acquain tance was of any consequence." " You conid regard my wishes.if you would. By neglyoting them you are making yourself tha subject of suspicion and of the most unpleasant remarks. The Duke of Portsea and Lady Gordon were to-day obliged to make evident effort to save my wife from 3candals and me from disgrace 1" Gertrude flushed crimson. " What do yon mean ?" she eried. " I can cake care of myBelfl Who dares speak harshly of «ic?'? " Very many envious tongues, and yon are affording them eanse. You are no more japable of taking care of yourself than a child ust out of tbe nureery, I thought you were —you are not. You have deceived me. You met Colonel Lennox at Bath." "I know I did !" cried Gertrude, " just as I might meet others. I did not know he was there; he went before I did. Isabel and I met him by chance at the gardens, and he walked to my mother's door with us."_ (She refrained from mentioning other meetings at Bath ; why add fuel to the flame ?) " How dare you s'ay I deceived you ? Do you not know that I seom a lie and all deceit ? I tell yon it was mere accident, that meeting." " Since yon say so I believe it, on your part, but not on his. It waB no accident his being invited here to lunch." " I did not mean to do that," said Gertrude. " It was an aocident in a way. But why should I not invite him ? Ho is a man that I like. Other people like him, and invite him ; why .should your jealous ill-temper put a constraint on my mo3t innooent acts ? " "I am appalled at yon, I bluah for you I . cried Lord Castlemaine. " Colonel _ Lennox ia a man of bad character and bad life ; wiU you not believe what I say to yon, again and again 1" " I believe that yon believe, bat I do not believe it is so. Prejudice has blinded yon. I see other people receiving and approving him ; I eee the queen honoring him ; I hear him express the noblest sentiments ; I know- that he is a hero; I " " Enough ! " cried Lord Castlemaine, in furiated. " I would not have believed that you could think or say such things. _We go to Neath to-morrow morning. I will save my honor. Will you give orders to Fanny to pack your wardrobe at once ? " " No, I will not ! " oried Gertrude. " I will not be dragged off like a criminal ; I will not be shut up like a maniac. I have engagements to the close of the season. Isabel has been invited to remain with us, and we cannot clo38 our doors to her. You will make ine the talk of society." " You are fast making yourself that,'' said Lord Castlemaine, angrily. " If you will not give the order to your maid, I must; for we shall leave in the ten o'clock train to-mor row. As for Miss Hyde, she can go to her aunt, or ask an invitation from Lady Gordon. Lady Gordon, at least, will understand why we go." " It my mother were here I would go to her, and free you of responsibility for me," eried Gertrude. " Husbands cannot be freed from responsi bility in such a way," s&id; Lord Castlemaine. " I should not allow you to stay in London. It i3 my duty to removs you from scenes of temptation "and danger, in whioh you evi dently do not know how to guide yourself. Will you give your order to Fanny ? " " Decidedly I will not." Lord Castlemaine rang the bell for the butler. " Robert, you will Eend a page with a tele gram to Neath, saying that we leave for there in the ton train to-morrow, and will remain there for the rest of the summer. You will arrange with the housekeeper for closing this house for the season at once. Order my man to pack all my things immediately for leav ing ; and take for L3tty Castlemaine an order to Fanny to pack her lady's wardrobe for im mediate departure, and havo all ready for the morning train, if she has to work all night. Wo will have no delays." The butler bowed. He was top discreet to look at his lady ; but she was standing in anparent indifference, looking out into tbe garden. When the butler had gon9 she turned .to leave the room. " Is there anything else you wish, Ger trude ? " said Lord Castlemaine, in an unfortu nate attempt to carry out Lady Gordon's pro gramme cf gentleness. " I wish nothing," E&id; Gertrude, with pas sion, " except that I had never seen you. You have disappointed me. You are not as I thought you. You are my enemy. You are cruel and delight ia making me 'wretched. I wish I had retained my freedom. You take pleasure in showing me that I am no better than your slave. At least a slave can exercise the right of hating the chain 1 " She Uf t the room with these words. She was swept away in a freczy of passion. In all her life she had been petted and indulged, and if her mother had desired her to pursue any especial course, it had been craftily avrangad so as to seem dictated by hsrsolf. Here was the first instance of reproach, of correction, of condemnation that she had ever known. And she had been attacked in a point where she felt herself eo innocent, so above all challenge. Had she not always rebuffed the compliments of tbe colonel ? Had he ever been ask'ed to her home except to that one tea, and to that fatal lunch, when Isabel realty had invited him ? Had she not always loved and admired her husband, and had she ever in tho slightest thought of her heart- given him cause for jealousy ? And now she was to be made the puppet of his jealousy, toy of the Castlemaine temper I She hurried to her boudoir and locked her self in, without stopping to take off her festal splendors, where fas water-lilies were already drooping and fading over the sheen of the silk. CHAPTER XXXIX. no home where heart is not. Night brings counsel. When first Gertrude went to her room she was resolving on a thousand wild and futile schemes. She vjould send & telegram to her mother and make her come quickly and open her own house in Portman Square, and take her daughter home. But sh9 knew that Lady Craven would not -do that. Lady Craven abhorred scandals, cf all things. She would cot be a party to her daughter breaking up her married life and home. Lady Craven's fell ambition had been satisfied when she made her daughter a countess, and she would consider it a very Bmall thing to sacrifice an acquaintance, and a little self-will, for the sake of the coronet and the splendid position of the Castlemaines. Then Gertrude wished she might run away and lose herself to .every one whom she had known. She had read of people who lived quietly in little, unknown lodgings, and went and came as they chose, who had no one to molest them, and lived in hamble peace. She recalled the pitiful words of Anne Boleyn : " I swear 'tis better to he lowly born, And range with humble lovers in content, Than to be perked up ia a glistening grief, And wear a golden sorrow." For more than two hours Gertrude pursued in all its mazes this dream of disappearance and a lowly life. Poverty she had . never known, even' far eff, and it had no terrors for her. It was a vision and a plan that after ward proved utterly dissstrens to her. Fanny was busy in the adjoining rcom3, making ready for the departure. Gertrude finally composed her appearance, and called tho girl to aid her in changing her dress. She would give rise to no Burmises and impertinent discussions among servants,. and if she finally concluded on any plan, she must be calm and strong to carry it cut. At dinner-time she went down, cold and stately, but her husband had left word that he should dine at his club. Isabel came rnning in, all alert. " Gertrude ! why did you leave so early ? Were you ill ? " No— quite the contrary — Rudolph wished it." " What a pity. It was such a delightful party. I made quite a conquest of an old Indian nabob— he had been married to_ a begum with no end of treasures, and Bhe died and he possessed all. U 1 felt quite sure he would follow so laudable an example, I would possibly take his name for a little while, to have his rupees for a long while. But, Ger trude, why are you so pale aud dull? You are ill ; and I seem to hear the stir ol 'preparation in tha house— the breaking up of a camp. What does it mean ? ' 'It means," said Gertrude, with repressed passion, " that Lird Castlemaine sees fit to break up here, without warning, and order the household down to Naath to-morroW morning. I am very sorry for you, Isabd. It ia moat disgraceful of us to incommode you in ihiS ivay. Yon do not wish to go home until the elor-e cf the season. You will not want to go to Lady Cresron." " My decicst I I am disturbed, not on my account but your?. I can go to Miss Anerton- " she has asked me repeatedly, and I am to be her first briksmaid you know, as I wasyonrs. I? is unlucky for a girl to be first brides maid often ; she is never bride." ' So much the better for her 1" cried Ger trude with emotion. "My dearest!" said Isabel, taking her hand, and caressing it. "I am so' grieved for yon. I understand this. It is Castlemaine pride, and Castlemaine jealousy. But the method is mcdiraval. I had no ides this Lord Castlemaine would follow the example cl his ancestors." " What example do yon mean ?" "Why, do yon not know? Are yon so little read in the. traditions of your ancient family." "It is not my family. I believe I hate antiquity and pedigree." " So do I, always except in the directions ol old lace and hereditary jewels. But the instances are these. Charles II. looked approvingly at a Lady Castlemaine — not that she ever saw the look — but the lord and master promptly carried her off to Neath, and there garrisoned himself with her in safety, till the period of their joint lives. Another Lady Castlemaine, of a- musical taste, admired a baritone or a basso, or some other light of the opera, quite harmlessly, you know, as we would admire a good organ or poss'fcly a music-box, and she also was swept off to Neath, and Ehe npve? came back. For her no more opera, on theatre, or ball, or garden party, or high tea, or tableaux ! . Poor soul, Bhe might better have died and done with it ? Why did she not take a dose of poison, or an ' aspio,' like Cleopatra." "If either of them had any sense, when they were tired of captivity, they might have run away and hidden themselves," " There were no railroads in those days, cor steam vessels to the Continent, or to the other side of the world. My dear Gertrude, if you mean to resort to such desperate measures, lay by you a noble store of pin- money and jewels, for in this age even a heroine csDcot live without cash." Dinner was served. In the centre of the table stood a splendid basket of white lilacs ; their peifume filled all the room. " White lilacs so late in tbe season 1" oried Isabel, and running , to the table, sbe bent "over, drew the centre-pieo9 to her, and bnried her face in the snowy, fragrant mass. " Flowers 1 flowers 1" ehe whispered, yon are my witnesses. Am I not keeping my vow ? A little longer, and all will be done 1" Shortly after dinner Gertrude excused her- salf to Isabel and went to her room. A little later Lord Cistlemaine came in, and finding Isabel in the drawing-room, explained as well as he could the sudden departure. " Pray don't speak of it. I think you are very wise. You are doing just right. I will go to Miss Allerfcon. I have sent her a note. Oh, I envy Gertrude going down to that lovely home, so safe, so sweet, so noble 1 Nothing to do but be good and happy. Ah, If I had a home like Neath, I think I should ask no rthing better than to live there all the time; doing good to my tenantry ; making the coun try better and happier, and npbu lding the glory of an illustrious historic name." Night brought counsel. Gertrnde saw plainly thai her own dignity required that she should go quietly to Naath. If she made any esca pades, it must be when driven to greater ex tremes, Aa for Lord Castlemaine, his heart had grown apathetic with excess cf his musing. He did not know that ho was misjudging bis young wife. Tho lovely fabric of hi3 hope and affection' seemed to have fallen in ruins about him. The future was hopeless — the pre sent, was pain. Lord and Lrdy Castlemaine breakfasted alone in utter silence. In silence they entered the carriage to go to tha station —in silence they made the journey to Neath, in the reserved, firat-elass ear. It was only about a year since, foil of joy and l ope, Gertrude had gone to her new home after her bridal tour. Then time was all to short for the overflowing words of affec tion between tha married lovers. Now ail was gloom ahd silence. Gertrude fixed her gaze upon the lsndseape — it was beautiful Kent, with its low, green hills, its cathedrals, its villages, its thatched cottages. Lord Castle maine read the London Timts. Intensely truthful and honourable, Ger trude was wounded in her tendere&t; sensibi- ties by the suspicions and accusations of her husband. Oae cf her traits was obstinacy, and in this she shut herself up. She would never yield ; Rudolph must come to see that he had wsonged her, and must make the hum blest apologies. She did not know that she oould forgive him even then. On hi3 part, Lord Castlemaine, beholding her anger and gloom, attributed it to her interest in Colonel Lennox, and distress at being parted from him. He could not have made a greater mistake. All the joy of a return to his ancestral home, which he deeply loved, was taken from Lord Castlemaine. Gertrude regarded Neath as a prison, and hated it cordially. A divided life now began between this ill- fated pair. Very often Gertrude did not oome to breakfast. If sbe did, she met hsr husband with a oold nod, and the two read their letters and their newspapers as they sipped their tea and ate their egg3 and toa3t. After breakfast Lord Castlemaine busied himself .with the cares of a great estate ; he wrote, and saw his steward in the library ; he took long rides to examine different farms, or visited cottages that were in need of repairs, or school houses which should be improved. A year before, all plans, all interests had been discussed with Gertrnde. She had gone with him on horseback" to the farms ; she had enchanted all the tenants with her courtesy ; ehe had called at the school-houses ; and fascinated the old bachelor rector in the rec tory, and visited the cottages, scattering gifts with a bountiful hand. . The two met at dinner, but neither asked the other how the day bad been spent ; there were no animated discussions. Gertrude did not tell Rudolph of the young mother, whom she had found weeping over her dead babe, nor of the aged widow whom she had com forted; nor did Rudolph ask Gertrnde for a wedding trousseau for'the gamekeeper's niece, or for a christening robe for a baby on some farm near Rsdmoss. After dinner, Lord Castlemaine read alone in his library, or smoked his cigar aa he paced tbe terrace. Lady Cistlemairie walked alone in the gardens, or sat with spme idle knitting in her hands, or sat down to her piano, whioh sh8 pointedly left if her husband appeared. ' ..... Such a life as this is killing, especially if it intervenes like a sudden frost on the warm, budding spring of youth ,-i Lord Castlemaine had the relief of occupation, for he was a landlord, who realized his duties toward his dependents. Gertrnde had two sources of relief, one was long walks, and hours of wan dering in the. wide and beautiful grounds of Neath Abbey. There she found not only trim gardens, shaven lawns, parks delicately beared of all undergrowth, irat wild streams, steep, lonely dells, thick woodp, winding walks among the firs, where for hoora she would hear no Btep save her own. She be came accustomed to these lonely rambles, and her servants became accustomed to seeing her go- for hours unaccompanied, to wander ia the abbey parks. The year before she had been deeply inter ested in the tenantry, especially the poorer class. Her unbounded generosity found Bcrope among these, who looked np to her as a visible Providence. The large sum which she received as n pin-money" from her hus band, and that other large sum, which Lady Craven relieved her raind by regularly remit ting to her heiress daughter, enabled her to supply every want that came to her know ledge. The housekeeper, mindful of her lady's disposition, as, eoon as she returned to the abbey, laid before her all oases of need— this one sick, that old dame gone blind, the mother whose, children needed to be fitted out for school, the baby that must have clothing, the lame boy that wanted a wheel chair, the young girl that Bhould learn a trade. Gertrnde was too generons to turn a deaf car to any of these pleas, and in them she found Boma relief for her sorrows. In her hours of lonely mnsing as she rest- lassty wandered alone,8he tried to form some plan for her future. This life would become unendurable ; ehe would go mad. After a while she would insist on going to her mother at Eastdale Park, in Sussex, her own fatnre estate. Meanwhile, not knowing what might happen, elia recalled Isabel's advice about money, and weekly put a sum into a locked casket in her boudoir. She never counted it to see how much sfie had, but the very fact of this saving caused her mind often to revert to that plan of fiight, of losing heraelf to' all who had ever known her, and pursuing life in her own way. She felt sure that Rudolph, if he had ever loved her, had how changed love to hate, and she never considered that disappearance would crash her mother's hap piness. She supposed that society would console her mother for anything. She did not yet know a mother's heart. One evening, as Lord Castlemaine was returning to the abbey, his soul full of bitter pain over his lost iove and blighted home, he saw a young oarpenter of the village nearing bis own village. This young follow had been married two or three months before the earl, who had given him a splendid set of tools as a bridal gift. No>v this young workman was going home wivh eager face and long, swing ing strides ; and now, from his- door came oat tho young wife, joy in her pretty face, a little infant in " a gown of sprinkled pink" lying on her arm, and wont to meet her husband, whom she greeted with a kiss. The yonng fellow kisaed, also, his babe, whom he regarded with evident prida and astonishment at_ its beauty and brightness ; then taking his wife's hand, they walked home, the mingled sound of their happy voices coming clearly to the earl on the evening air, and sending arrows of anguish through his soul. When he lifted his head again he was passing the window of a cottage, and there within, sat Gertrude, in her white dress o! Indir mull, and her clusters of rosas, and - on ber lap lay the eottag9r.'s baba in ita white christening robe. How lovely was. Gertrude ; what sweetness in her face, bent above the little bab3. The picture pursued her hnsband and filled his dreams through all the night. CHAPTER XL. k TENDER PLANT. " Gartrude," said Lord Castlemaine the next morning, laying down hi3 paper when the servant had left the breakfast-room, "can you not try and be a little happier here ? You lave lest all your gay spirits. _ I think you are a little palo, and you are listl933 and sad Cm you not oast away all that i3 unpleasant in tbe past, and be happy ?" "No, I cannot I" said' Gertrude, sharply. " And why not, Gertrude ?" " Because I have nothing to be happy about." " It seain3 to me, on the contrary, that you are one whom all can envy ; health, youth, oeauty, fortune, position, home " " Prison, you mean," interrupted Gertrude. " Yoa can fasten birds up in a cage, but you cannot make them sh>g there." " I am sorry if my home — if Neath Abbey, is a prison to yon." "I hate Neath Abbey!" cried Gertrude hotly. " Can I tako yon anywhere where you win be happier. Will yoa go to Switzerland? Or shall I take yon to our shooting loOgo, up in the Highlands. You may like the scenery there." ' _ " I do not wish to be token anywhere. It ia the taking that I object to._ You apeak as if I were an infant or an. idiot, and as a married woman I suppose legally I am the latter." t " Gertrude, you surprise me ! why ao yon cherish these feelings toward me." " Because you havo given me tha bitterest occasion. You took me away from London against my will, and as if I were a criminal ! Everyone ia wondering and talking. Agnes Soourton wrote me that there a thousand wonders over it, and Isabel says she is wesr-y of ant waring questions about Lady Castle- I mains. You have disgraced me, and deliber ately ruined my life. You could not have been more cruel. You said once, that you could ba cruel to one yon fondly loved. J muet take t-Le cruelty then as a proof thai once you loved me, though it ia a poor proof, and I would rather have less love an d less hate.' " Believe me, Gertrnde, I have loved you, 1 - do love you with all myheart— with the whol- 3trength of my nature." " And you prove it by making me miser able — causelessly miserable ! I wish none of such love." The servant's return prevented farther talk, and Gertrude hastened to her room to avoid continuance of the conversation. Lord Castlemaine told himself that this was the wilfulness of a high-tempered girl, who was unused to any interference. B., degrees the excitement and passion of hei leaving London would be a thing of the past and they would be reoonciled. m He bad hoped that there being alone wonld Iraw tbem nearer together, and restore mutual confidence. It seemed to put them farther asunder. A third party would make it needful for them to speak more together, and be more cordial tban now. He wonld request Gertruda to invite friends. As for Gertrnde, the short conversation in which she had so illy met her husband's pacific advances aroused to fresh heat all ber anger. As sbe had said, she nourished an ia sense hate of Naath. She hated the famil relies, the armorial bearings, all that bespoke the antiquity of the line. She told herself that it was pride of pedigree that made Rudolph 10 exacting ; he felt that he could dominate ber because " his family was better than hers." Ele. had said so. What an insult ! Qt all things she hated the picture-gallery with the family portraits ; ehe hated those dark, proud, self confident lords, every one looking as if he cried, " Castlemaine against tha world 1 " # " It is'jast the story of the old French sieur pat into English 1 " cried Gertrude to heraelf. " There is the pope, and there ia the king, but I am a Castlemaine 1 " But of all things she hated the portraits of the Ladies Castlemaine — those mild, delicate- featured, meek Ladies Castlemaine. Some o! the earlior ones possibly had hardly knew how to read. Mtny of them for sole accomplish ments playing on the spinet, and working on the tambour-frame ; but they had all known how to obey, and it was this feminine meek ness and weakness that had rained the earls of Castlemaine. " Well, at last there should be a Lady Castle maine who would bold her own and fight to the death, i?-. "I wish," she cried "to them in her lury, " that you would all come alive out of your frames juBt one minute, to hear what idiots I think you, and let you know that I atn a higher spirit than ycu. It would ba worth something even to disgrace th9 name of such a weak-minded line of countesses, not one of you able to claim your own soul for your own!" Gertrude's state cf excitement was_ such that she did not sea the absurdity of this out burst to the family portraits. She was in 'a singularly excit-cd nervous state which she did not realize and the truo cause of which she did not guess. Unfortunately, the only reason that Lord Castlemaine could "assign for his wife's con tinued anger and obstinacy was tbe lingering regret for Colonel Lennox. He wob o! an in tensely jealous disposition, and he had heard people say that Colonel Lennox wa3 a man singularly fascinating to most women, and able to exaroiso over them the most unbounded inflaenoe. Tho idea that Colonel Lennox had dared to follow hi3 wife to B ath 1 E ven though he aocepted Gertrude's statement that she had nothing to do with it, it showed c'sarly that the colonel was sufficiently interested to watch all her movements, and that he had- folt con fident of a good reception at her bauds. Still, Gertrnde was his wife; he loved her weli. Things might go back to nearly tho old tender footing, if she wonld lay aside her pique and treat him as in happy days. She was guilty only of heedlessness, the folly of innocence and incx- parienoa. He must olose up the breach between them at all hazard. Gertrude was sitting in one c-E the long, open windows of the Neath drawing-room, looking upon the terrace, her hands in her lap, her head leaned back against the crimson ohair-cu3hion. Ljrd Castlemaine came up be hind her and laid in her lap two heavy bunohea of white ros23. " See, Gertrude, your own flowers I We shall grow famous for our roses soon. John son thinks ha can produce a now variety, the very crown of white roses. Wo will oall it the 1 White Caslfemsiae.' " " Why, you have no flowers on your dress, as you usually have 1" " Flowers are for the happy." " But I wish you to ba happy, Gertrude." "Yes, in your way; but happiness is not made to order." " At least you can wear some flowers ! See, I will arrange you a cluster- for your belt." He began breaking, off an oombining the flowers, and then bent to put the full olnater in ita plaoe. Gertrude suffered him to do it, but only as one who condones. When he had finished, she said : ' I don't love flowers as once I did ; the odor is too heavy, it overpowers me," and she pushed the remaining blossoms from her lap. " Gertrnde," said Lord Castlemaino, ignor- ing this. Suppose we have some one invited to the abbey. I am away about tbe estato a great deal, and yon seem not to caro about horseback riding as you once did; you are lonely : why not invite some friends." " It Is yonr home," said Gartrude, ooldly ; " invite whom yon choose." "But I want the company as yon choose," said Lord Castlemaine. " It is for yonr sake, I was very happy last year, when wo were here alone ; but now I think you need some one to amuse yon." " Understand," said Gertrnde, clearly, " that I will invite no one here. You have found mnch fault with my choice of acquaint- , ances, and have asserted a right to give me orders as to how I atyf.ll treat people that I meet. If I should asx any one, it might chance that you were not pleased, and I should expose guests to unpleasantness.'" " Yon have never found me lacking in courtesy or hospitality. .When we agree upon a gnest, you knvw my house and atten tion are at their disposition." " When we agree," said Gertrude. " That is, I may go to you, and say; ' Do you per mit me to ask such a one? May I make suoh a friend ? May 'I speak to this one ?' Clearly, then, I make no friends, and give no invitations on such terms." "Gertrude, why will you misunderstand me ? You know I never, but in one instance, interfered in the slightest degree with your social life. And that was whore interference was imperatively needful, and where I was in a muoh better position to judge than yon were. Colonel Lennox wa9 a very bad man." " Yes, a wretched parvenue, lacking, as I do, some fifty known ancestors in a straight line behind him. However, I prefer not to diseusB Colonel Lsnnox with you. By your jealousy, in London, you have made mo a mark for envious tongues. We should never agree on that question; why oontinue it? Among all my faulls, 1 have one virtue. I hate all censoricusness and uncharitable speaking of thoso who are not at hand to de- fend themselves." She rose, and stepped out on the balcony. The moon had risen and flooded the abbey ' gardens with silver light. Johnson, the head gardener, was passing a broad walk. . ( " Johnson !" oried Lady Castlemaine, ' yoa tcld me that the tru9 time to see the American Yucca was by moonlight ; yoa may now show it to me." She ran down the flight of steps and joined the gardener, who, respectfully' stepping a few paces behind her, indicated the way to the. new flower, which was that summer his chief pride. Sick at heart and restless in soul, Lord Castlemaine also went down the terrace and foUowed.at a distance. His wife made him unspeakably miserable, yet he could hot endure to have her outof his sight. The fact was. Gertrude had loved Rudolph . . Castlemaine with all ber heart, as her first love; but hers was untutored, untried girl's heart, and though Rudolph had never loved before, he was older, and of mere settled and experienced emotions, and his love for his wife was far more intense and deeply rooted than hers for him. Lady Castlemaine and her gardser turned to a narrow path, and came to the American Yucoa. It grew alone, in a small circle edged with a close cut border of thickly growing artillery plant. Within this circle of smoky, flame-flecked green rose the yucca in a basket five feet in diameter of wide green leaves bent baok one above the other, until their sharp points touched the earih from which they grew. Out of this natural basket shot the shaft of the plant to a height of eight feet, and thi3 shaft for fully five feet was a mass of Bnow- white bloom— great bells, as if carved of alabaster, th9 lower flower-stems being the longest and moat heavily laden, until tha whole was a pyramid of pearl-white beauty flooded by the white light of the moon. " Saw you ever the like, my lady ?" cried the ecstatic JohnsoD. " I did not wish you to see it until every flower-bell was open, and here it stands alone nnder the moon, like a great white ghost, or a beautiful spirit— a whit9 angel of flowers in th8 midst of the garden." "You are poetic, Johnson," said Lady - Castlemaine. " Eh, my lady ? Well, -it is just a sight to. stir a man's soul. And, my lady, standing back here as I am, I cannot tell you how maoh your ladyship is like the flower. In yonr white gown, my lady, and with your height, standing there so still, yoa are . just like the yucoa, my lady." "Thanks for, the compliment, Johnson," said Lady Castlemaine. "I wonder if, in yearB to come, when the yucca blooms, I shall come here to see it, and you will stH think me like the flower." " May the Lord eend you many years to come into the garden, my lady. Bat for this yucca — at least, here in E ngland— when it has given one suoh perfect bloom as this, it never 461. 