PEE-EEFORMATION CORRUPTION It. is commonly asserted by Romanists and Ritualists that the Reformation in England was brought about by the violence and passions of Henry VIII, and it is their fashion to denounce Henry as a bloodthirsty and licentious monarch, who to gratify his passions, changed the religion, founded the Church of England and declared himself her head. These allegations are not in accord with the record of history. But the history of the Popes who immediately preceded the Beformation is really scandalous. At the Council of Constance, unenviably memorable .'for having decreed the burning of John Huss, Pope John XXIII. , was arraigned, and deposed, as guilty from his youth, .and during his whole life, of licentiousness which passes belief — of the most atrocious cruelties, murder, massacre, the most grinding tyranny, unglutted avarice," un blushing simony, insomuch that (in the language of the Council) he was commonly known by the name of the Devil Incarnate. (QobelinuB, p. 341, Erankf. 1614.) Sixtus IY. has been charged with the commission of unnatural crimes, and Alexander YI. is depicted by the Bomish historians as guilty of incest, peijury, simony, drunken ness, poisoning, assassination, and evpry possible enormity. (See " Burchdrd's Diary," Hanover, 1696 ; — Guiccdrdini's Hist, d'ltal.," vol. iii., pp. 160, 162, and 164, Milano, 1803 ; and Machiavelli/'dec. 1, vol. v., p. 870., Italia, 1813.) j The profligacy ..and criminality of the Popes were sedulously copied by the bishops an 1 cWgylpfth j Ghtirch of Rom and necessarily infected the whole state, of society with a moral leprosy. The fact is admitted by Adrian VI. in the " Instruction " given to his Legate, Francesco Chieragati, to whom the Pope r entrusted the Brief which he forwarded .in Nov., 1522, to the Diet of the Empire, ' assembled at Nuremberg. — This Brief was addressed to the R.C. Princes of 'Germany there assembled. It censured : the Princes for suffering Luther to spread bis alleged pernicious tenets by their neglecting to execute the Edict of the Diet of Worms, an Edict which had been directed against Luther and all his -adherents; and it required the Princes, if 'Luther did not instantly retract his errors, to destroy him with fire as a gangrened and incurable member, in like manner as Dathan and Abiram had been cut off by Moses, as Ananias and Sapphira by the Apostles, and JohnHuss ' and Jerome of Prague by their ancestors." \- In the instructions to his Legate, which " accompanied this Brief, Adrian VI. ex plicitly acknowledged the corruptions of the Soman Court to be the source from " which had flowed most of the evils that 'the' Church then felt or dreaded. "We know," he writes" that in this Holy See for many years there have been many abominable things " (multia abominanda): "'abuses in spiritual affairs, exaggeration of prerogatives, everything, in fact, per versely changed." And he adds, the fol lowing words, "Nor should it be matter of surprise if the: sickness has descended from the head to the members, from the : Supreme Pontiffs to the other inferior prelates. ( See mirum, si agritudo a capite in membra, a summis pontvficibus in alios Jinferiores premlatos deeeenderit" J ' The corruptions of the Church and and the demoralised condition of society in these mediteval times is further illustrated by the evidence of the Romish Ecclesias- tics assembled at the Council of Trent. The decree of the first Session 'declares "that the Council of Trent was held, amongst other reasons, for " the reforma tion of - the Clergy and the Christian people." (Labbe -and Cossart, vol. xiv. col. 734. Lutetioe, PariBj T672;) " The "exhortation of the Legates of the Aposto lic See to the 'Fathers iri the Council, read : at ' the ' first Session j" admonishes them '" to' Set before their eyes the things which are expected from this Conhcil, as con- " ! tained in the Bull for its appointment, namely, "the reformation of Ecclesias tical discipline and morals ;" and, in refer- ' ence to the evils then existing, the Legates 'state' that " these evils have been inflcted -by our ambition, our avarice, our desires, !that the priestly office is conferred upon .'persons unworthy of it, and that1 they are 1 ' given to those who differ in nothing from .'the laity except in their dreBS, and frequently not even in this." (Labbe and 'Cossart, col. 734.) The speeches of the : Fathers assembled at the Council reveal ' the' extent of the demoralisation that pre- 'vailed. The Bishop of 'Bitonto states, " With what monsters of baseness, with 'what a heap of filth, with what a pesti lence are not both the priests and the 'people corrupted in the Holy Church of God. . . See if any modesty, any , shame, any hope, or reasonable expecta tion remains of good living ; if their be not unrestrained and unconquerable lust, a singular audacity, and incredible wicked- ' neBS ?" (Labbe and Cossart, torn xii., col. 992.) Friar George, a Dominician Prea cher,' alleged that " Christians had fallen into 'the hands of robbers, of men who were covetouB, cruel, hungry, insatiable, deaf to reason, inexorable, oppressive magistrates, impious Princes, and infidel prelateB." (Labbe and Corsart, torn. xiv. col. 1047.) Similar speeches were de- 1 livered'by others of the assembled Fathers, "including the Archbishop of Torre and the Bishop of ArraS, and the speech of 'Francis A. Paganus, a Venetian, explicity exposes the degraded state of Christendom r in those pre-Reformation times. Hestates, ' " for if' we discuss all the conditions of the 'Christian Republic, we shall find all of "thbrn to have not a little fallen from the right path, and not only the prelates and other religious classes," but we shall behold that even the temporal, lords and citizens, and 'the common people also ... have continually more and more fallen off in . Divine grace, in Christian virtue' and .piety. For at what period wore there' ever' so many tribunals arid 'less jiiStiee ?" I eay nothing of public adulteries . . and robberies. I pass over the great effusion of Christian blood, unlawful . exactions. . . I pasB over the drunken- nesB, surfeits, and the individual filthiness of luxury such as never took place before ; womankind was never less modest, young men were never more unbridled, the ' old Were never more irreligious. For what greater abuse .can be imagined than a pastor without' watchfulness, a judge with orit equity, a magistrate without decorum, laws without 'observance, a people without obedience, religious professors without devotion, and every Christian without religion ?" The reply forwarded by the Roman Catholic Princes of Germany in answer to the Brief of Adrian -VI. will throw further light upon the State of Europe at that time. In this reply the German Princes profess the utmost attachment, and desire to render due obedience to the Holy See, but at the same time urge the Pope's attention to the list of grievances, one hundred in number, of which they complain, and which they impute to the iniquitous dominion exercised by the Papal See. In conclusion, they state that " if the enumerated oppressions and grievances be not removed and abolished within a definite time, they are unwilling that his Pontificial Holiness should be ignorant that they have no longer the will to bear the aforesaid oppressions, which are positively not to be endured ; but that, by the mere iniquity and necessity of the case, they are driven to consider by what means they may be released and emanci pated from ecclesiastics, and at length rest red to the enjoyment of their ancient privileges and freedom." The Brief of Adrian VI., his Instructions to the Legate, and the reply of the Ger man Roman Catholic Pnnces, with the list of grievances ( centum gravamina) are notorious matter of history. A full trans lation has been published by Mr: Collette (Partridge and Co.,) from the original text of Brown's Edition (a.d. 1690) of the "Fasciculus Rerum," &e.;, ofOrth- uinus Gratius, President of the College of Cologne, who died there in 1542, and who was a member of the Roman Church.- The following are Borne of the grievances forwarded to the Pope by the R. C. Princes of the Empire: — 1\. First, concerning human ordinances, which, being bought off at Rome by pecu niary dispensations, generate every kind of iniquity, and plunder us of our money. 3\. On the traffickingB iniquitously practised in indulgences, &c.; 4\. How shamefully the money of indul-' gences is expended on luxury. 6\. How the license of sinning with impu-- nity is granted to money. 9\. How iniquitously seoular causes are dragged before the Roman tribunals. 20, On . the rules of the Papal Chancery, their various tricks and endless traps and snares. 21\. Concerning ecclesiastical benefices in general, with or without the cure of souls — on what unworthy persons they are conferred at Rome. 31\. That ecclesiastical persons do not suffer condign .punishment. 32\. If ecolesiastics are not punished equally with laymen, many evils will certainly arise. 42\. How bishops with their allies aim at subjecting certain lay property to ecclesias tical jurisdiction. 51\. On vain superstition in baptising bells, lest, forsooth, their -souls should be lost. 56: How iniquitously laymen are dragged before the forbidden- tribunal of ecclesiastics. 67\. How more money than penance is exaoted from sinners. 72\. How ecclesiastical judges scorn to bear what the civil are obliged to submit to. 75\. How avaricious officials protect illicit usury. 76\. How officials deal with women whoBe husbands are absent. 82\. How unjustly the sacraments are denied to the poor. 88\. In what manner the parish priests squeeze money out of their parishioners, 90\. That most ecclesiastics, and even the monks, differ little or not at all from buffoonB. 91\. How the bishopB screw money out of the concubinage of priests. 92\. That some ecclesiastics keep taverns and barmaids. 93\. How the sick are persuaded to defraud their heirs by the gospel-text, "It is a gift by whatsoever thou mighteBt be profited by me."— Matth. xv. 94\. By what means the order of mendi cants transfer vast sumB of money to Rome. These grievances amongst many, of which the heads are given above, were more fully explained by the German R. C. Princes in " Chapters." The foremoBt and gravest of the griev ances represented to the 'Pope by the German R. C. Princes were urged againBt the Bale of "dispensations and indul gences," which, the Princes,- stated, were " palmed off by hireling encomiasts and preachers, Who' proclaimed that by these mercenary pardons, not only past or future siris of-the living are forgiven, but sins of the dead who are in the purgatorial rfiTe, and that they who had received- such a ' dispensation lay hold of it as a handle for the perpetration of perjury, murder, adultery, and similar enormities, since any ordinary prieBt can grant them a venal absolution by virtue ' of an indulgence." It will be asked, Does the Church of Rome profess to grant by its Indulgences thefullest remission of sins ? For, informa tion, on this subject, let us turn to.the words ofthe.Indulgence itself. 'The 'form of absolution given by i the Indulgences issued by Leo X,, and sold : by Tetzel, is recited as follows in Wadding ton's Church History (iii. 344) : — " May our Lord Jesus have mercy upon thee, and 'absolve thee by the merits of HiB most holy passion ! And by His authority and that of the blessed Apostles Peter and Paul, and of the most holy See, granted and committed to me in these parts,! do absolve thee, first from all ecclesiastical censures, in whatever manner they have been incurred; and then from all thy sins, transgressions, and excesses, however enormous -soever they be, even from such as are reserved for the cognisance of the Apostolic See ; and as far as the keys of the Church ex tend I remit to you all punishment which you deserve in Purgatory on their account ; and I restore you to the holy sacraments of the Church, to the unity of tliefaithtul, and to that innocence and purity which you professed at baptiBm; so that if you should die now the gates of -punishment shall be shut, and the gates of the paradise of delight shall be opened. And if you Bhall not die at present, this grace shall remain in full force when you are at the point of death. In the name of the Father, the Son, and the Holy Ghost." — F. B. J. Tetzel. Genuine copies of these Indulgences' issued by successive Popes, are in the British Museum. — A genuine Tetzel was included in the Luther Exhibition at the Museum, opened there in August, 1883. The following translation of the document is given in the Times (September 5th, 1883):— " Albert, by the Grace of God and of the Apostolic See, Archbishop of the Holy See of Mentz and the Church of Magdeburg, Primate and Arch-Chancellor of the Holy Roman Empire in Germany, Prinoe Elector and ad ministrator of Halberstadt, Marquis of Bran denburg, of Stettin, of ' Pomerania, Duke of the Oassabi and the Slavs; Burgrave of : Nuremberg, and Prince of Rugen, and guar dian of the Order of Friare Minor of the observance of the convent of Mentz ; Nuncio and Commissary specially deputed for the undermentioned purposes by our most holy lord Pope Leo X. throughout the provinces of Mentz and Magdeburg, and the cities and dioceses -thereof, as also those of Halberstadt, likewise the territories and places mediately or immediately subject to the temporal domi nion of the most illustrious and illustrious Princes, the Lords Marquises of Brandenburg, to all and singular the faithful whoshall seethe present letters. Health in the Lord. We make known that our most holy lord' Leo X., by Divine Providence, now Pope, to all and singular the faithful in Christ of both sexes, who shall extend helping hands towards the. \- reparation of the fabric of the basilica of the Prince of the Apostles, St. Peter in the city, according to our regulation, beyond those very full indulgences and other graces and faculties which the faithful in Christ may themselves obtain, according to the contents of the apostolic letters heretofore executed, has also mercifully indulged and granted in the Lord — that they may choose as a- suitable confessor a secular priest or a regular of any mendicant order, who, after diligently hearing their confession, has. the power and ability, by apostolic authority, to plenarily absolve and enjoin salutary penance on them for the faults and excesses -committed by the person so choosing him ; and from sins of any kind, however grave - and enormons ; even in - cases \- reserved for the said see ; and from ecclesi astical censureB, even when undergone by a man at the instance of any one soever, with the consent of the parties ; or from thoBe incurred by reason of any interdict, and those the absolution of which has been specially reserved to' the said see ; except the crimes of conspiracy against the person of the supreme pontiff, of the mnrder of bishops, or of other superior prelates, and- the laying violent hands upon them or other prelates, the forgery of letters apoBtolio, the conveying of arms and other prohibited things into heathen countries, and the sentence and censures incurred on occasion of the importation of the alums of ApoBtolic Tolfa from heathen countries to the faithful, contrary to the ' apostolic prohibition, once in life and -In the article of death as often as it shall threaten, although death may not then supervene, and in .non-reserved cases as often as they shall seek it ; and once in life and in the said article of death, to grant plenary indulgence and remission of sins ; also to commute for other works of piety any vows made by them from "time to time (the vows of foreign travel, 'of visiting the Bhrines of the apostles, and of St. James in Compostella, of religion, and of chastity, alone excepted). The same our most holy lord has also granted that the aforesaid benefactors, and their deceased parentB who have died in charity, should become partakers for ever in the prayers, suffrages, alms-deeds, fastings, supplications, masses, canonical hours, disciplines, pilgri mages, 'and all' other spiritual benefits _whioh are made and can be made in the universal Holy -Church militant, and in all the members of the same. And whereas the devout Philip Kessol, priest, has shown himself acceptable by contributing of his goods to the fabric itself, and to the necessary restoration of the aforesaid -basilica- of the Prince of the Apos tles, according to the intention of our most holy lord the Rope, and our ordinance, in sign of which thing ;;|he has received from us the present .letters ; therefore, by the same apos tolic authority, committed to ns, which we act upon in these parts, we grant and bestow upon him, by these presents, the power and ability to use and enjoy the said graces and indulgences. Given at Augsburg, under the seal appointed by us for this purpose, on the 15th day of the month of April, in the year of our Lord 1517. " Form of Absolution, as often as may be required during life : — " Misereatur tui," &c.;, (May Almighty God have mercy upon thee, forgive thee thy sins, and bring thee to life everlasting.) May our Lord Jesus Christ, by the merit of His Passion, absolve thee, by whose authority and that of the Apostolic See committed to me in these parts and to thee conceded, I absolve thee from all thy sins. In the name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost. Amen. "Form of Absolution and fullest re- mission, once in life and in the articles of death : — " Misereatur tui," Ac. May our Lord Jesus Christ, by the merits of His Passion absolve thee, and I, by His authority and' that of the Apostolic See, committed to me for this purpose, and to thee conceded, absolve thee, first from every sentence of the greater or lesser excommunication, if thou hast incurred any, and in the next place from all thy sins,, by conferring upon thee the fullest remission of all thy sins, and by remitting to thee also the: pains of purgatory, so far as the keys of Holy Mother Church extend. In the name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost. Amen. It will be seen that this form of Indul gence, sold by Tetzel, confers the fullest " remission of all sins," however heinous, as well as the remission of the penalty due for sins in the pains of purgatory. 