MOSQUITOES AND TICKS. j (W. H. hcaso-N in the Field.) THERE cannot be a doubt tliat some animals possess an instinctive knowledge of their enemies-or, at all events, of some of their enemies-though I do not believe that this faculty is so common as many naturalists imagine. The most striking example I am acquainted with is seen in gnats or musquitoes, and in the minute South American sandflies (Simulia), when a dragon-fly appears in ¡ a place where they arc holding their aerial pastimes. The sudden appearance of a ghost among human revellers could not produce a greater panic. I have spoken in a former article of periodical storms or waves of dragon-flies in the Plata region, and mentioned incidentally that the appearance of these insects is most welcome in oppressively hot weather, since they are known to come just in advance of a rush of cool wind. In La Plata wc also look for the dragon- fly, and rejoice at its coming, for another reason. We know that the presence of this noble insect will cause the clouds of stinging gnats and flies, which make life a burden, to vanish like smoke. When a Sight of dragon-flies passes over the country, many remain along the route, as I have said, sheltering them- selves wherever trees occur ; and, after the storm blows over these strangers and . stragglers remain for some days hawk- ing for prey in the neighbourhood. It is curious to note that they do not show any disposition to seek for -water- courses. It may be that they feel lost in a strange region, or that the panic they have suffered, and their long flight before the wind, has unsettled their in- stincts; for it is certain that they do not, like the dragon-fly in Mrs. Brown- ing's poem "return to dream upon the river." They lead instead a kind of vagabond existence, hanging about the plantations, and roaming over the sur- rounding plains. It is then remarked that gnats and sand flies apparently cease to exist, even in places where they have b°en most abundant. They have not been devoured by the dragon- flies, which are perhaps very few in number; they have simply got out of the way, and will remain in close concealment until their enemies take their departure, or have all been devoured by martins, tyrant-birds, and the big robber - flies or devil's tykes -no name is bad enough for them - of the family Asilido. During these peaceful gnatless days, if a person thrusts himself into the bushes or herbage in some dark sheltered place, he will soon begin to hear the thin familiar sounds, as of " horns of elf-land faintly blowing;" and presently, from the ground and ? the under surface of every leaf, the ghostlike withered little Starvelings will appear in scores and in hundreds to settle on him, fear not having blunted their keen appetites. When riding over the pampas on a hot still day, with a pertinacious cloud of gnats br sandflies hovering just above my head and keeping me company for miles, I have always devoutly wished for a stray dragon-fly to show himself. Frequently the wish has been fulfilled, the dragon-fly, apparently "sagacious of his quarry from afar," sweeping Straight at his prey, and instantly, as if by miracle, the stinging rain has ceased and the noxious cloud vanished from overhead, to be re-formed no more. Thishas al ways seemed very extarordinary to me; for in other matters gnats do not appear to possess even that proverbial small dose of intellect for which we give most insects credit. Before the advent of the dragon-fly it has perhaps happened that I have been vigorously striking at them, making it very unpleasant for them, and also killing and disabling many hundreds -a larger numberthanthemostvoracious dragon-fly could devour in the course of a whole day ; and yet, after brushing and beating them off until my arms have ached with the exertion, they have con- tinued to rush blindly to their fate, exhibiting not the faintest symptom of fear. I suppose that for centuries mosquitoes have, in this way, been brushed and beaten away with hands and with tails, without learning caution; it ia not within their knowledge that there are hands and tails. A large animal is simply a field on which they confidently settle to feed, sounding shrill flourishes on their little trumpets to show how fearless they are. But the dragon-fly is very ancient on the earth, and if, during the Devonian epoch, when it existed, it preyed on some blood-suck- ing insect from which our Oulicido have cbme, then these stupid little insects have certainly had ample time in which to learn well at least one lesson. HOSQDITO PROBLEMS.-There is not in all organic nature, to roy mind, any in- stance of wasted energy comparable in magnitude with the mosquito's thirst for blood, and the instincts and elaborate blood-pumping apparatus with which it is related. The amount of pollen given off by some wind-fertilised trees-so great in some places that it covers hundreds of square miles of earth and j water with a film of yellow dust strikes us as an amazing waste of material on the part of nature ; but in these cases we readily see that this ex- cessive prodigality is necessary to con- tinue the species, and that a sufficient number of flowers would not be im- pregnated unless the entire trees were bathed for days in thc fertilising cloud, in which only one out of many millions of floating particles may ever hit tho mark. The mosquito is able to procreate without ever satisfying its ravenous appetite for blood. To swell its grey threadlike abdomen to a coral bead is a delight to the insect, but not necessary to its existence, like food nnd water to ours ; it is the great prizr¡ in tli<: lottery of life, which few can ever succeed iii drawing. Ina hot summer, when one has ridden perhaps for half a day over a low-lying or wet district, through an atmosphere literally obscured with a fog ot mosquitos, this fact strikes thc mind very forcibly, for in such places it frequently is thc case that mammals do not exist, or are exceedingly rare. Ia Europe it is different. There, as Reaumur said, probably one £nant in every hundred may be able to gratify its appetite for blood ; but of thc gnats in many districts in South America it ?would be nearer the mark to say that only one in a hundred millions can ever do so. Curtis discovered that only the female mosquito bites or sucks Mood, the male i bein^' without tongue or mandibles ; and J he asks : What, then, does the male feed on? He conjectures that it feeds on flowers ; but had he visited some swampy places in hot countries, where flowers are few and the insects more numerous than the sands on the seashore, he would most probably have said that the males subsist on decaying vegetable matter and moisture of slime. It is, however, more important to know what the female subsists on. Wc know that she thirsts for warm mammalian blood, that she seeks it with avidity, and is provided withanadmirable organ for its extraction -only, unfortunately for her, she does not get it, or, at all events, the few happy individuals that do get it are swamped in the infinite multitude of those that are doomed by nature to total abstinence. I should like to know whether this belief ot Curtis, shared by Westwood and other distinguished entomologists, but originally put forward merely as a conjecture, has ever been tested by care- ful observation and experiment. If not, then it is strange that it should have crept into many important works, where, it is stated, not as a mere guess, but as an established fact. Thus, Van Beneden, in his work on parasites, while classing female mosquitoes with his " miserable wretches," yet says, " If blood fails them, they live, like the males, on the juices of flowers." If this be so, it is quite certain that the juices fail to satisfy them ; and that, like Dr. Tanner, who was ravenously hungry during his forty days' fast, in spite of his frequent sips of water, the mosquito still craves for something better than a cool vegetarian diet. I cannot help thinking, though the idea may seem fanciful, that mosquitoes feed on nothing. We know that the ephemerae take no refreshment in the imago state, the mouth being aborted or atrophied in these short-lived creatures ; but we also know that they belong to an exceedingly ancient tribe, and possibly, after the earth had ceased to produce their proper nourishments, there came in their history a long hungry period, which did not kill them, but lasted until their feeding instincts became obsolete, the mouth lost its use, and their life in its perfect state dwindled down to its present length. In any case, bow unsatisfactory is the mosquitoes' existence, and what a curious position they occupy in nature, Let us suppose that, owing to some great change in the conditions of the earth, rapacious birds were no longer able to capture prey, and that, by a cor- responding chango in their organis- ations, they were able to subsist on the air they breathed, with perhaps an occasional green leaf and a sip of water, and yet retained the old craving for solid food, and the old predatory instincts and powers undiminished ; they would be in the position of mosquitoes in thc imago state. And if then fifty or a hundred individuals were tossucceed every year in capturing something and making one hearty mea!, these few for- tunate diners would bear about the same proportion to all the raptores on the globe os the mosquitoes that succeed in sucking blood to their unsuccessful fellows. In the case of the hawks, the effect of the few meals on the entire rapacious family or order would cer- tainly bs nil; and it is impossible to believe for a moment that the compara- tively infinitesimal amount of blood sucked by mosquitoes can serve to invigorate the species. The wonder is that the machinery, which accomplishes nothing, should continue in such perfect working order. When we consider the insect's delicate organ, BO admirably fitted for the pur- pose to which it is applied, it becomes difficult to believe that it could have been so perfected except in a condition of things utterly unlike the present There must have* been a time «hen mos- quitoes found their proper nourishment, and when warm mammalian blood was as necessary to their existence as honey is to that of the bee, or insect food to the dragon-fly. This applies to many blood-sucking insects besides mosquitoes, and with special force to the tick tribes (Ixodes), which swarm throughout Central and South America ; for in these degraded spiders the whole body has been mani- festly modified to fit it for a parasitical life ; while the habits of the insect during its blind, helpless, waiting exis- tence on trees, and its sudden great development when it succeeds in attach- ing itself to an animal body, also point irresistibly to the same concl usion. In the sunny uplands they act (writes Captain Burton) like thc mosquitoes of the hot, humid Beirauiar. "The nuisance is general ; it seems to be in the air ; every blade of grass has its colony ; clusters of hundreds adhere to the twigs; myriads are found in the bush clumps. Lean and flat when growing to the leaves the tick catches man or beast brushing by, fattens rapidly, and at the end of a week's good living drops off, plena enwris." When on trees (Bait says) they instinctively place themselves on the extreme tips of leaves and shoots, with their hind legs stretching out, each foot armed with two hooks or claws, 1 with which to lay hold of any animal brushing by. During this wretched, in- complete existence (from which, in most cases, it is never destined to emerge), its greatest length is about one- fourth of an inch ; but where it fastens itself to an animal the abdomen increases to a globe as big ns a medium-sized Barcelona nut. Being silvery- grey or white in colour, it becomes, when thus distended, very con- spicuous on any dark surface. I have frequently seen black, smooth-haired dogs with their coats turned into a per feet garden of these white spider-flowers or mushrooms. The white globe is leathery, and nothing can injure it; and the poor beast cannot rub, bite, or scratch it otf, as it is anchored to his flesh by night sets of hooks and a triangle of teeth. The ticks inhabiting regions rich in bird and insect life, but with few mammals, are in the same condition as mosquitoes, ns far as the supply of blood goes ; and, like the mosquitoes, they are compelled and able to exist without the nourishment best suited to them. They are nature's miserable castaways, para- sitical tribes lost in a great dry wilder- ness where no blood is ; and every marsh-born mosquito, piping of the hunger gnawing its vitals, and every forest tick, blindly feeling with its grappling-irons for the beast that never brushes by, seems to tell us of a world once peopled with gigantic forms, mam- malian and reptilian, which once afforded abundant pasture to the parasite, and which thc parasite perhaps assisted to overthrow. It is almost necessary to transport oneself to the vast tick-infested wilder- ness of the New World to appreciate the full significance of a passage in Belt's "Naturalist in Nicaragua," in which it is suggested that man's hairless condition was brought about by natural selection in tropical regions, where he was greatly troubled with parasites of this kind. It is certain that if in such a country as Brazil he possessed a hairy coat, affording cover to the tick, and enabling it to get a footing on the body, his condition would be a very sad one. Savages abhor hairs on the body, and even pluck them off their faces. This seems like a survival of an ancient habit acquired when the whole body was clothed with hair ; and if primitive man ever possessed such a habit, nature only followed his lead in giving him a hairless offspring. Is it not also probable that the small amount of mammalian life in South America, and the aquatic habits of nearly all the large animals in the warmer districts, is due to the persecu- tions of the tick? The only way in which a large animal can rid itself of thc pest is by going into the water or wallowing in the mud ; and this, per- haps, accounts for the more or less acquatic habits of the jaguar, aguará guazu, the large deer, tapir, capybara, and peccary. Monkeys, which are most abundant, are a notable exception ; but these animals have the habit of attending to each other's skins, and spend a great deal of their time in picking off the parasites. But how do birds escape the ticks, ?ince these parasites do not confine their attacks to any one class of animals, but attach themselves impartially to any living thing coming within reach of their hooks, from snake to man? My own observations bearing on this point refer less to the Ixodes than to the minute bête-rouge, which is excessively abundant in the Plata district, and in size and habits resembles the English Leptus autumnalis. It is so small that, notwithstanding its bright scarlet colour, it can only be discerned by bringing the eye close to it ; and being, moreover, exceedingly active and abundant in all shady places in summer-making life a misery to careless human beings-it must be very much more dangerous to birds than the larger sedentary Ixodes. The bête-rouge invariably lodges beneath the wings of birds, where the loose scanty plumage affords easy access to the skin. Domestic birds suffer a great deal from its persecutions, and their young, if allowed to run about in shady places, die of the irritation. Wild birds, however, seem to be very little troubled, and most of those I have examined have been almost entirely free from parasites. Probably they are much more sensitive than the domestic birds, and able to feel and pick off the insects with their beaks before they have penetrated into the skin. I believe they are also able to protect themselves in another way, namely, by preventing the parasites from reaching their bodies at all. I was out under the trees one day with a pet oven-bird (Furnarius rufus), which had full liberty to range about at will, and noticed that at 6hort intervals it went through the motions of picking some- thing from its toes or legs, though I could Bee nothing on them. At length I approached my eyes to within a few inches of the bird's feet, and discovered j that thc large dry branch on which it stood was covered with a multitude of parasites, all running rapidly about like foraging ants, and whenever one came to the bird's feet it at once ran up the leg. Every time this happened, so far as I could see, the bird felt it, and quickly and deftly picked it off with the point of its bill. It seemed very astonishing that the horny covering of the toes and legs should be so exquisitely sensitive, for the insects are so small and light that they cannot be felt on the hand, even when a score of them are running over it ; but the fact is as I have stated, and it is highly probable, I think, that roost wild birds keep themselves free from these little torments in the same way. Jons S. WROTH, Coombe, Bybury, Devon, writing to The Field on No- vember 6, sayn :-Within the hist few months the rather unusual relation of ? several cows allowing a pig of seven months old to suck them has occurred on our farm. j My notice was first drawn to thc fact by the mon who milks the cow findiug someone bud forestalled him in a very efficient manner, and then it was noticed, when the cows were driven from the meadows to the courtyard to be milked, a certain black pig was always waiting for them, and immediately sat up on his hind legs and commenced sucking. Out of about ten caws, fiVe or six were very agree- able to this, but the remainder did not recog- nise the young porker as their legitimate off- spring, and would not allow this irregular Eroceeding. Just at the time of thc cows eing milked, the pig would leave those he was with the other part of the day, and be in waiting for the cowa to be in the farmyard for his extra meal, and during the fortnight it went on thc pig gained in flesh considerably. As this was an expensive wiy of feeding a seven months old pig, and a bad example to brethren, be was put in the stye and fed. Ii any of the readers of The Field have had similar cases under their observation, it would bc interesting to have them recorded. 