V. R. C. MEETING. DERBY DAY. iSATUHDAY, October 30th. The weather wnehot, dusty, and windy on Saturday, bat still a crent crowd round their wny to Flominpton. Tho toilets of the Indies nrc drucribcd ns superbly beautiful. Amont* tbo visitors were Sir Uenry and Lftdy Looh, Lord and Lady Carrington, Sir George Slracban.and Bir William Robinson. Tho courso wne in splendi.-l order. This Melbouhne Etakep Mr Lock's b c Isonomy, by Wintorlnk'v- Ruby, lyrp, 0?t (Quinn) 1 8\. Miller's b b Boolko, nged, 9st 21bs _ (Olds) 2 w. K. Boyd's b h Bravo, 3yrs, 7efc lllbs (Gallagher) 3 Tn this race a doed heat was run botween Boolkn and leonomy, and in tho run oil leonomy won cosily, Time, 2min 12Jeec. The Hotiiam Handicap. J. Wbittingham's b h Olaptrap, aged, 7st ? . (Rnmago) 1 Hob. J. White's eh c Hcxham dyrs, 7et (Huxley) 2 J. B. Smith's b g Lancer, 7st 10lb (F. Smith) 3 Ton ran. Betting : 3tol ngninet Hexhfim, -1 to 1 First Prince, 8 to 1 Claptrap, 10 to 1 any'othcr. Won easily! Time, 2min 52isoca. I'HB MARIBTRMONU I'LATK. Jl'Donald's br f Hortonso, by Gani; For ward—Josophino, 9st 51b (including 1-Jlb penalty). : 1 Cooper's br c Huntingtower, by Darebin —Atholino ........(Keleo) 2 Smith's br 0 Bedouin, by Darriwell—Black Gipsy CPoxrer) 3 Sixteen others rnn. Time, lmin. 4 7-10 th socs. TiiE VicToniA DEnBY. Hon. J. White's eh c Tiidont, by Robin sou Ornsoe Coeonnut, Sst 101b ..(Hales) 1 D. Cooper's on c Chesliam, by Grand' < Flaneur—Lady Chester, Btt 101b Hobortecn) ? 2 A. 1). Blockwood'p cb c Arloos, by Ap're roont—Aplaia, Bst 101b (Power) 3 Maddelinn, KiDgfish, Volcano, and Jfirst Consul, also ran. 'Betting i 5 to 2 on Trident, fi to 1 v. Mad delinii, 10 to 1 y. Volcano, 15 to 1 each v. F'rat Consul nud Chesham, 33 to 1 v. Aglaos. PirstConsol broko away eeveral times nnd Ro delayed the, elnrt. They wrro sent nwny in a line, Cheshura jumping off in fiont, but Volcano on tlic outside at ooco took commnnd arid led past the etiiul, n/tended by Chcebam, Kingiisb, MaddcHiin, nnd Amnios, with Firm' Consul lust. Making *'.c plica wonderfully fnsf, 'Volcano led nlmi? the rivor bank by fcntlcngthts. with Cbeehan next, two lengfhs in front ot Kingiish, who win a length clear from Maddcliu* end Trident, who wcro, rncing on terms, followed by Aglaos and Kirst Consul. tt'hcn passing - tbo bridge Chcehain wae within two lengths of tho leader, and Maddeliua having beaVcii a re treat Trident went up third, attended by Kingfieh. Carrying on the running ntngreat pace Volcano led by four lengths nt the bnck of the course, with Clvseham second, and Trident, Kingiish, and Mnddclinn t<vo longtbs off on tjrms. Vfhcn passing the abattoirs Ohesbam was pulling double , , re duced Volcnno's lend to two lengths, nnd Trident, leaving? .Kingfieh and Mndd'jliua, settled down to chase tho leaders, but although fully extended ho gninod but little, nnd at the sheds Hales wrs compelled to sit down and ride him. Volcano, etill going strongly, led toAho hnlf-milo post, whon ho struck the rail 1 -, nnd falling bach., Cheshara full of rtiriuiug appeared nt the front. Ilalee now called upon Trident, but Volenn.i, in staggering from tin ruPs, interfered with him, nnd he lost a few lengths:. Ohoshnm turned into the straight with an ndwutn'o o£ four lengths, and na TCaics drew hie whip, n roar f;om tho titand proclaimed this unmis- fact tbnfc the, favourite was in trcuble. llcspondioj; with Roaoh-Hkogamc. Hess from every cut, he, with his terrible atudo, gradunlly Rtiinetl ou Chefhnm,but the lutlor drew away again and looked a',l over n ?winn?r. Struggling on like a racohorec, Trident caught him when less than hftlt the, dialanco from home, and, drawing away, won cicverty at tho ond by three lengths amidst a.'tcono of great excUomontj Aglao* vas !10 longths off, and was followed by FintConeul, KiDgfish, Mnddelina, and V\>loano. Time, 2 minutes 39 sccjndp. SEIitilNQ UAOE. R. Uoirio'e br c Huron, nil (Ilowie)' ....; I J. a. lliiida eh g Tho Ghost, nil CUorrv) 2 B, K. X, Maitland's b or br g Stafford, nil (PiddoK) -3 Six others startod. Time, Imip, 29sec3, The Cobubq Stakes. -' ' ?- G. Divis'e b c Dayatar, Cs£ 31b 1 T, Coffcy's br h St. Jehu, 7st 121 be 2 S. Martin's b g Hogmany, 7st Slba 3 , 