THOUTGHT-READING ENTERTAIN NENT. ON Tiresday evening Mr. H. P. Sugden gave a very interesticg entertainment, illustrative of the science ;of thoughb- reading. He was not favoured with a numerous Audience, especially compared with tie .dimensiodis of the hall, the Academy of Music; but amongst those present were many of the.flite, and those who are very seldom to be seen at ordinary entertainments. I-His Lordship thie Bishop of . Goul?irn (Dr. Thomas) presided, and on his right csat the Reova. Canon D'Arcy-Irvino and G. Martin, and onfhis left the MIayvor of Goulburn (Mr. J. W. Womboy), A number of other influential gentlemen also took their seats on the platform, including Mr. I. Tait, M?.P., Dr. Ray, the Rev. Dr. Ellis, Dr. Sly, and Messrs. A. M. Betts, S. H. Belcher, J P., C. Rogers, J.P, W. Davies, J.P., E. 0. Brydcn, R. 0. Joplin, J. Brownhill, and T. Marsden. The dress circle was patronioed by between 60 and 70 ladies and gentlemen, slile scarcely that number took their seats in the chairs and body of the hall. His Lordship thi Bishop, in briefly introducing tl~,lecturer, said hi hald never been at any euritbtainment of thle / kind before, and lhad no information regarding the subject; but he ex'pressed his desire to learn something in reference to it. Mr. Sugdcn, who, was received with great applause, thou eddressed the audience ait nearly an hour's lengthl; in which he pointed out that the subjeoltwas one which might be a little misunderstood by.the people of Goulburn. What with meetings for protection and free trade people seemed a trifle Sconfused, so much so that hle was asked the other day if his lecture was to be one on froee thought. IIe, however, explained that it was not free thought that , heintendeddealingwith, but thought-reading, which was one of the numerous parts of what they might term the Science of the Mind Thlis was divided into- various orders, such as mesmerism, clairvoy ance, second sight, &c.; Thoughlt Reading, and tlhe science of the mind generally, was as yet in its Sptrfect infancy, and many thought it was of the nature of the so-called spiritualism of tihe present Sday; but it was not so, and on account of the numerous dupes there had been of the latter people had learned to disbelieve in ahnost oeverything, and ·;it was difficult to get an audience together to listen to lecturers on such subjects. It was possible to have too mneh of a good thing. A Scientific -Research Society had been started in London, which had succeeded in cunravelling the mysteries in con nection with numerous ghost and other stories that had been afloat; and by means of their journal .these were now clearly set before the public. The '.eturer then proceeded to relate several vort?trik Scircumstances which hlad been brought, to light o t years, and which previously were alnpgcth6t io preheusible, showing the influenco hf the mindtf one person on- another. He dealt at great l ength'with the mesmeric and spiritualisticesciones as well as those of conjuring, &c.; ; and explained thatif he were to undertake tihe latter he should be sure of success before he appeared before the public, but what he intended showing them that night were more " experimennts," which, although he lhad often succeeded ten times in succession, as a rule he failed in one out of three. Therefore he was by no means certain of success. Maany theories had been put " forward in explanation of Thought Reading, but with most of them he disagreed, his own theory being that.it was none other than communion between God and man, which seemed to him to be \- the place where it ought to be. M.. r. Sugden then proceeded with the experiments, ,.the first thing necessary being for a gentleman to become a "medium " and select one from amongst the audience upon whom hle (the medium) fixed his attention. Mr. Tait having in this, as well as all the succeeding experiments, undertaken to blindfold the thought-reader, he was led down the stairs by the hand, when he took that of the "medium" (Mr. Marsden), and having told the latter what was required of him-to fix his attention en the person Sand the seat which the lady or gentleman occupied, Mr. Sugden took Mr. Maredcn's left hand and Splaced it for a few seconds to his (the experimen talist's) temple, and then led the " medium" straight to the gentleman thought of, Mr. A. F. Gibson, J.P, amidst great applause. The next experiment was the hlidiog of a knife, which one of the gentlemen frbm .?tie stage a stiongcr to us-placed on the winhow-sill, and •* -Mr. Shuden having treated the gentleman in the same manner as he had Mr. Mnarsden, he led him :straight io the window and placed his hand on the knife, which was again the signal for loud applause. Mr. Sugden said that some thought the theory was discovered by means of hand manipulation; but in order to prove that csuch was not the case he \- would try the third experiment by means of a piece of copper wire, one end of which he held in his right hand and gave the other end to the "medium"- this time Dr. Sly-to grasp it in his left. Hd then went through the process of placing the end that he had hold of and put it to his temple, as be fore, and then led the " medium" through the audience backwards and forwards several times without succeeding in pickling out the gentleman thought of. Mr. Bryden then volunteered as a "medium," but in this instance Mr. Sugden was Sequally unsuccessful, and hIe (the thought reader) concluded thalnt the gentlemen named had not fixed their attention sufficicentIy on the object. A third trial was made of the same cxperimcent, ir. 3elcher this time volunteering to act as a " medium;" and 'with thle utmost ease tlhat gentleman was led straight to Mr. Joplin on, theo platform,,that being theigentlemau thought of, ewhen the thought reader -was accorded tremendous uplause. - Mr. Sugden here said that "ome persons thought it was done by means of animalmagnetism; but in order to disprove that theory he ivould try the next experiment by means of an ordinary school ruler, which they all knew -was a non-conductor. Mr. Rogers then camen forward as the "emedium," and the process before referred to having been gone through, the latter gentleman was led straight to Sthe person he had fixed his attention on (Mr. II. S. ' Gannonby the thought reader. Thoeie'st experiment- that of walking a chalk lineL-prov? to be dqually successful. In this in stance Mr. Stgden head a blacke cap placed over his face and tied'securely underneath the achin, thus preventing thb possibility of his seeing the mark on .. the floor, which was drawn in and out amongst the :bhairs in a regular zig-zag fashion; but the per :former having taklen tihe "medium" by the left hand and gone through the process before described :he led him exactly along tilhe line amnidst a perfect Sovation. The nesxt two experiments consisted of telling thie date on a coin and the number on a bank note, the " mediums " in thlese cases being Mr. Davies and .the Rev. Dr. Ellis respectivdly; and the thouglht reader lhaving been blindfolded "cud told his " medi imena "- to think of thie figures in rotattion, he repro duced themn on:the black-board with but one slight error, lholdine, tho right hand of the gentleman whle he did tie drawing. \- TIje'last experiment was the most interesting acid diftiemilt of the lot-viz., the discovery of a pin to be seoreted somewhere in the hall: and the Rev. C SMartin hAying consented to become the "medium" -he put the pin in the dress of a young lady in the dress circle. Mr. Sugden was then led on to the * floor of tie hall, when lIe took Mr. Martin straight to the dress oircleo and after feeling about for a few 'seconds he ph?lled the hidden pin from the place where it had been placed amidst deafening applause from the audience. \- -Mr. Sugdon briefly tlcanked the audience for their attendance and the attention they had given him, and said the nearest theory le could give of the science of thoughlt reading was tie muscutlar move ment. He moved a vote of thanks to his Lordship the Bishop for his lkindnead in presiding. This was seconded by the Mcayor, and carried by acclamation. His Lordship, in adcnowledging the comepliment, said he did not believe i s ghost stories, which were discountenanced by thJ*Bible. There was an ex planation to all thesespsyehological experiments, and the explanation oftllthoughlt reading hlad yet to be 'discovered. The jcuseular movement was tIle best explenation that:lche could give of it. He ex ressed his pleasurod with the entertainment, and trusted that at some future time? Mr. Sugden would have a much lurgeBr audience to witness equally as successful experimeints. The audience dispersed shortly after ten o'clock apparently muol imnpressed with the subject that had been introduced to them that night. 