TEMPERANCE TEA MEETING AT MAFFBA. MAVFBA, April 14. [FKOM OUR CORRESPONDENT.] A large and enthusiastic meeting was held in the shire hall, Alalfra, 011 Tuesday evening, to icelebrate the late victory obtained in the district in tiie Local Option poll. A similar meeting is also to be held in Stratford. There was first a public tea in the Temperance Hall, provided by Mr P. Melon, of tho Coffee Palace, which, as usual, did him immense credit. The building was tastefully decorated with evergreens and temperance mottoes, and altogether presented a charming appearance. For two hours thii ladies presiding at the tables had a most busy time in supplying the continual flow of guests, who were evidently well pleased at the bouritiful and excellent provision. mide fortheir wants. At 8 o'clock the public meeting ' commenced, in the shire hill, which was IC'iied to .overflowing. Mr J. Williams, P., occupied-; the chair, and briefly expluiued' the purpose of the meeting, which was first T" express the feeling of great sat S- fact;on-;which was felt at the recent victory, and to generally further the principles of temperance. \- They would not boast, but felt great cause to be thankful that wli'le. so many other districts had demanded a' poll, this alone.bad becri successful -in obtaining sufficient voters, an 1 in reducing the number of public houses the lowest-possible number. Of course the provision of the Act was a most unfair one, and: not a.ballot at all. By it we were compelled FO. poll more electors than could be g-tthered for A general election. When, as we knew, the iveli wishers to the p.inciple were scattered far and near, and quite unable in .many instances to give their vote, they were, from that fact, set down as adversaries to Local Option. However, tliey had obtained a very large majority.. It was .not..to be attributed to any'one man, nor set of men, but to the well-grounded connection in the. minds of the electors tbatthe number of public houses — as-:tpo -large. .- " '.'- ';- -• '.,.-./' •' Mr T. Lloyd, J.P., said jt . WAS by a happy blunder 011 tlie part of an official at the Government offices, who, by bis first calculation, made the 'number of petitioners to be too small, that the" poll was delayed "for a week. It was discovered to be ample, and the'.poil determined.' That- iveek's':'delay gave time for work, the" effect being that information was spread, doubts :rempved, aud objections removed. It would Be alessonfor other districts- Let them use their opportunity and educate the public in temperance principles, and success was certain. One pleasing effect of the struggle, so different from ordinary elections, ivas that- it drew people together : every shade if opinion in other matters blended- into one .11 th-.s great effort: lhe-HNN. J. Muuro. M.L.A.. who was enthusiastically greeted, said it gave him great pleasure to see such a gathering here this evening. : Of course they nad a good cause for oon-i gratulation IN their recent success: it did the electors credit, and would be an examole to the colony, not that the operation of the Act was right and fair, for indeed it overthrew the principle or ballot, of which we were justly proud. -All -who opposed the reduction of houses had-only to-stay from the poll, and they obtained an easy victory, while all who wentto it were marked. The enemies of temperance were wily, active, and unscrupulous. A copy of the Neiv-Licensing Bill was sent to him 111 kugland. and he thought it offered, a fair settlement of tlie question. But he heard that :a .certain gentleman—since elevated to the bench—was actively tailing notes, find it was known in wnose interests. Soon>the heiltnful provisions proposed..were frittered iy. or so overladen with restrictions that the Bill oecime only a miserable-ghost of its former self: He had been asked to, give them SOME; account of his -experiences M. the old councry.-and what he saw of the temperance movement there. Willmglj'he would do so- THE first thmg IVKTCH struck him was the large number of old temperance veterans who had lately gone to , then- rest. Amougmany others was Juo. B. Gough. who. as he ever wished, died M HARNESS. He fell dead while- address, lpsalarge audience—"^hcyoungmen of which he especially charged - -/ -Young men keep clean."" But the-work he found, everywhere going gloriously forward. / People seek to ridicule the I orbes-Mackenzie Act. but if they saw as .lie did the-way it was .carried out IU Edinburgh; and Glasgow, they would be thansful for such a law.- He had attended.large meetings at . Exeter Hall, London, and all the large cities and several towns, and'was delighted at the tervour 'of temperauce-principles. The blue ribbon was-conspicuous-everywhere. A MR Macfarlnne was contesting Ariryle.-and .boldly advocated-iiocal :Option." As he had opposed it always: defore.-'IN.tbe House, of/Commons. ' Sir Wilfred Lawson: wrote to ask him if HE; reallvdiad cbangsd his views. He replied, he had, for he found the atmosphere charged with it. He was a wise man. tor he/would have T been defeated IF-he had not wisely read the ,' signs-of-the times: Other politicians here '• would do well to follow: .hisrifxample; / One thing 'winch .greatiy ..delighted IIM -WAS the • action -of many .leading men., especially .ihe cleisyzaiid: bishops of.the Church of.- England. "• The X'iisiiop 01 London wa.s A 3Jechabite.',-and ; -swore the/blnetriboon. /'tHe;-lately^received.-a.:, •testiniouialjrom lO.OOO./working :men:: bought 'bv a penny subscription:. - There, was ^terrible'' DISTRESS .among the poorar classes. :»nd a great. crisis impending: The 136 millions AVASTED ;I annually ,M strong drink -was ...the cause.of" much -of -tbcrevil.,. .Men-began to..see.'this;'-: :We spend as much per head, but could better - • afford to DO:SN..- 5TILL AT' ;5YAS:'A debasing SWL, ; nd should be removed.- -/St concernedyns-nil / 0, assistm :IHIS .-great.;work. > -WE should/feel-" encouraged.^-and: go in' with renewed energy.,: : L-be,.hon.T.gentlema,-N ctnioliided a LONG AND briiiiiint.adaress amid' great' applause.'/ /LT I' L to then b lefly lluded to the •and' work- done by.tbeloeal societies,'/and /its / /bPneficial lesult R& A.; .Morrison :proposed :a -vote of thanks ; ta SMRJ. Mmico: fortinsjikindriass ;anicomiBg->to" "TXTIFFRA. and ALBJ Jiic OCINE-ticud LABOURS of: the "Victorian JALIIANCESTID,its sindefataable-tsecrei.':' tary M John :$£AIE <%c%he-Sen Ji.-Holhssecondedat.'tand'said'the.,. jdilue-.jofcytejaperance^ooksi'aa'FC'among'ITE Jniost?'imDoitaut'lnpvementsitofe4he'Sige.:"and : ./ for wp slioi-ld MIL ASSIST it. : • - -Tiie Jlev. JF Taifcpmposed A vote -of thanks to the -ladiesi^and 'jsaid- they.. owed. much M every WAY todheir DUND assistance. " One / pleasing'rpsult • of the jiresent movement was / ;tlie;spint:of...«iiainniity[-aciscreated..' .IRDBIVALNES T and piity FEEHN^, 11 $ce -all foigottea in zeal ta for-IVARD tbis. ihe bestanterestof society-' -';-- " The KEY J Robei s seconded it andioped THE:TIMEFIWOULD- SPME&WLIEN4;:TALCO'HOL3WOULD:IE> found only on the shelf -IO£ the druggist, • I t 1 1 1 A a a 1 11 1 U N c\ ci- It r to IL IT ill M O L tl t I ILO LLR I»SL SUIPORTOD^ vote-of th NKO ta LA 0 1 "H O tl -T I n fat I 0 1 b-r of beautiful I® i M t-c 1 1 H^LC . LB" 1 Joel Blui. FOISLMLI^TIB^B • THO -Jfationil •JLILF eveninlj-ta. . ^ OU3 O IN —1 >IM, hlllt'ES wt % A 1 FL } 8 I VC ISIAG::},/_ N I ? «<» he j jm -are noy ^ 1 . ' fe ba inn 1 les p^llia-jlc W n c 11 ot 3 "lUi V 'Li fvi f" 