MY FATRER. BY WI1LIAM T. STEAD. ( Continued.) Pre-eminent among the means by whicn he quickened our wits and .familiarised us with dialectic was the Sunday morning breakfast. Each of us—and in those days there were six, besides father and mother, making eight in all—had to commit to memory one verse of Scripture, each selecting a chapter and taking the verses consecutively. At breakfast the youngest began by repeating his verse ; every member of the family from the youngest upwards had to give his or her interpretation of the text; and so on until all the eight had 6aid their texts, and given their explanation of their own and of each other's. Of course the very young ones did not contribute much to the polemic, but father, mother, and the elder ones contrived to raise almost all the issues of religion and morality in these discussions at the breakfast table. There were two distinct tendencies. Mv sister represented that of Arminianism—the Gospel and the miraculous ; lied the party in favour of Calvinism, natural law and rationalism. The ramifications of these tendencies were infinite, and the younger disputants waxed as hot and fierce as if they had been mature theologians discussing in a synod or general assembly. Each one had to speak in turn, but the order of debate was frequently broken in upon by youthful impetuosity not to be restrained, and then the breakfast table for a time became a miniature bear garden, until the cheerful firmness and genial good nature of our father restored peace and order into warring chaos. Whatever may be thought of the propriety of beginning the day of rest with HO vehement a polemic, there can be no doubt as to its value as a means of stimulating thought, familiarising tho mind to the practice of debate, and training the intellect to detect flaws in argument. There was no beating about the bush. Each one went at the root of the matter with a zest. Since these old days I have had some little experience of discussions with all sorts Za conditions of men. I have had to discuss face to J" with the foremost men of our time the most press- • VriMtions of our day. But never m all my recent ing we I evor had such consciousness of intense S S i i Jy! suoh an eager strain of every intellectual faculty, as that which I used to feel when discussing in the old family circle the great problems of the world. The experience that came nearest to it—although it did not equal it—was that of the fierce half-an-hour in which my late editor and I used to discuss the affairs of the universe every morning before we settled down to work. But my editor was only one, whereas at home cach had to hold his ground against half-a-dozen. Another most useful habit which my father inculcated was that of remembering the leading points of whatever we heard, and repeating them over to him when we came home. Many a painful moment I have had when I forgot the heads of a sermon, but the training was most useful. Afterwards, when we grew older, we were set to take notes. My brother Herbie taught himself shorthand in this fashion. I, less fortunate, was confined to longhand, but the habit of taking a condensed precis of a speech or sermon stood me in good stead in after life. To this hour, if I want a condensed report of a speech, I would rat her have my longhand summary than the cutdown report of the most efficient reporter. These reports at first were read over on Sunday night to the family, criticised, approved or condemned as the case might be. I remember once having to take a speech of Mr. Goschen'e, at Ripon, myself, our reporter having missed the train. I did three columns single-handed before the paper went to press, and I remember thinking that it would have been simply impossible but for the exercise in rapid note-taking gained in taking down father's sermons. This faculty of remembering what has been said to you in order to repeat it at home, has been of great use to me in many ways. In interviewing it is invaluable. I have frequently, without taking a single note, been able to dictate or write out three columns of close print report of an interview, to the accuracy of which the person interviewed has given his most emphatic testimony. The report of the interview which was the means of securing the despatch of General Gordon to the Soudan was dictated entirely from memory at two o'clock in the morning, after a long and fatiguing day. It would be a mistake to imagine that my only memories of my father are those of a strenuous teacher ulways eliciting inquiry or supplying information. He was our best, our most delightful playmate. I mixed little witli the boys of the village. My sister, my father, and I were playfellows. He made us our swing. He made us our first kites, carved our first bat, and taught us how to play at cricket. It was with him that we learnt to use the bow and arrow, and to fish. Almost the only things that I did not learn from him were riding and rowing. He had a nervous dread of boating, and he was never quite free from fear about horses. So deeply rooted was his antipathy to boating, and so scrupulously was the regard which we paid to his wishes, that I was twentv-three years of age before I ever handled an oar. It is very curious for one who had such an instinctive shrinking from unnecessary danger, that he should have encouraged us in making all manner of chemical experiments. For years, every winter we used to amuse ourselves in manufacturing gunpowder or making squibs, and in firing toy canons. I can still see the pane of glass in the study window through which the leaden bullet fired out of a cannon I had made from an old key, perforated a hole as round as a pea, but other accident we had none. There never was an interest of ours which was not his interest also. He lived our lives as well as his own, and to the last he was a boy among his boys. That evergreen youthfulness of heart which distinguished him was a great charm to us all. His mind was always fresh. His appetite for new facts was insatiable. The last day I spent with him I read him the article on Asbantee in the current number of the Nineteenth Century, and his interest was as keen as when he was in his prime. When I was in an office on Newcastle Q.uay, and we were too poor to take a daily newspaper, I had to bring him every night a summary of the day's news, and the retailing them over to him when I arrived was one of the pleasures of the day. He had an abiding impatience of words and phrases. " What are the facts ?" was his constant inquiry. " A phrasy body," his rendering of the French phraseur, was with him a term of infinite contempt. To this day, when I give a reporter instructions to convey the essence of the meeting lie has been attending, I cannot do better than get him to feel as I felt when I had to describe at bome what I had heard and seen. There were limitations in later years to the range of his interest, but the papers daily and weekly were read to him to the last, and one of the last inquiries he made about the affairs of this world on the morning of his death was as to the arrival of the Pall Mall Gazette. Akin to his youthfulness of heart there was a great and an unruilled cheerfulness of speech. Few but those who lived in closest intimacy with him ever knew how sore somBtimes waB the heart, while the face bore the same placid, kindly smile. He walked to the grave of his loved ones without betraying by a single sigh to the survivors the anguish, too deep for tears, that lay within. Oh, my own dearly loved father, what depths of passionate tenderness lay beneath that calmand unruffled exterior. How little even we suspected the almost heartbreaking strain of sympathetic emotion which you were bearing, untiljsome chance incident let loose the flood-gates of grief and we stood amazed at the intensity of your anguish! Oh, what love was there even passing the love of woman—so tender and true, so unselfish, so unchanging, and unchangeable! He was emphatically a healthy man—healthy and whole-souled, with a sovereign hatred of shams and fine phrases, which was kept from being rancorous by a fine spirit of charity and a hearty human sympathy. I think he was the heartiest laugher I ever knew. When anything touched his sense of humour he would literally explode with peal after peal of Homeric laughter, shaking the very room in which he sat. He had a smile for everyone, especially for little children, whom he naturally attracted ; and nothing was more painful and conclusive evidence of his failing powers than the fact that for the first time last summer the presence of his little grandchildren failed to rouse him to romp with them, to tell them stories, and to be once more a child among the children. There was a fine spirit of inflexibility about his notions of duty. It was not a question of " ought" with him, but merely one of " must." He did not preach much about the obligation of doing our duty. He only made us feel that to neglect doing our duty was as flat a flying in the face of the law of the universe as the neglect to breathe. Punctual as the sun himself, he tolerated no remissness in others. Whatever might be a man's theological creed, of one thing he was sure, that whosoever did not try to do that which he know to be bis plain duty to do, that man was in the way of perdition, and would if he persisted therein come to dwell in the everlasting burnings. To get strong and vehement, as were his feelings on such subjects, it was rarely that he expressed himself harshly about individuals. In his roughly humorous way he would deal out wholesale anathemas upon classes, such as publicans, and peers who used their position of privilege for their own profit, at the expense of the commonwealth; but towards individuals,with perhaps the exception of men who maltreated women, he was uniformly humane. I do not remember, during the thirty years I knew him, to have seen him lose his temper once. The meekest and mildest of men, I have seen him bear insults which made me long, boy as I was, to smite the insulteir to the ground. But he never displayed any other sign of feeling than that of rubbing the side of his head with his hand. His humility was extreme. " Never think of yourself more highly than you ought to think," was a maxim ever in bis mind. He carried it out by always thinking of himself less highly than he ought to think. The faculty of self-estimate is rare. We always either overdo or underdo. Our father underdid it. Modest and reserved, he never pushed himself ; and what is more, he always discouraged others from pushing themselves. He always restrained; never incited to new ventures. Cautious in the extreme, he was never bold except when he saw clearly that a certain cause was right. Then all hesitation disappeared. But when of two courses neither might be right, he always preferred the more retiring. He doubted at first whether I should go on the press, and afterwards when I was called up to London be shock his head. " Why can you not remain where you are ? I don't see why you should be changing." Of all things he abhorred pride. The last warning which he addressed to me the day on which I took leave of him for ever was, " Walk humbly before God, and take care that you be not carried away by too great a popularity." Father was a man of great vigor of mind and body, but his early training had been hard. Experience had administered a cruel chill to the ardour of his hopes. Behind all the placid content and tranquil enjoyment of the delights of existence, there lay deep buried—but never altogether forgotton—the mournful ghost of an unrealised ideal. He had hoped for so much—he had realised so little. Alas! it is the experience of life. He was not as useful as he had hoped, as he had prayed to be : and although he had ever strove to murmur " Thy will be done," at times a sigh would escape him that the realities of age bear so little relation to the dreams of his youth. In his family alone were his hopes fulfilled. But even there long- continued death was busy, and ill-health has seldom been absent. He never repined ; but sometimes the mystery of pain and of sin and of sorrow lay heavy on him, and he began to long to go hence and to be at at rest. His work was done. Why should he linger behind ? Kinder man never trod God's earth, nor a more generous soul. Nor as I look back upon that long life now brought t-o an almost ideal close, can I refrain from marvelling at his courageous faith. When he began to train us, no one could have believed more implicitly that whosoever did not believe as he believed was doomed to remediless perdition. But so absolutely certain was he of the truth of his creed, that he never seems to have had a single misgiving when he launched each of us upon the sea of free inquiry, with no other chart but that of always and everywhere regarding the voice of duty as the voice of God. He held back nothing from us. No books were forbidden us. We were challenged to discuss everything, invited to question everything, and compelled to accept nothing or any any other authority but that of reason and truth. As anyone might have foreseen, the cultivation of that habit of thought in a variety of minds was certain to result, if not in the rejection, then certainly in the modification of much that he held to be essential to salvation. But when that time came, our father had himself come to recognise the inadequacy of some of his early formulas. That which to his more limited range of vision had seemed to be merely a fog of phraseB without meaning, gradually became transformed into a beautifully poetical aspiration, and finally was accepted as a probable key to many mysteries. The closing hours of our father's life were passed in perfect peace. It was almost an ideal death. He was in harness almost to the last, and then a rapid decay, with only sufficient pain to render release more welcome. Towards the close he longed to be gone and be at rest. Yet even in these last days of extreme weakness his spirit never flagged. One of his favourite hymns, which was read over to him many times as the moment of parting drew near, was the triumphant processional hymn of Dean Alford— " Forward be our watchword, Steps and voices joined ; Seek the things before us— Not a look behind." It was characteristic. With him it was ever " Forward!' even to the last. But on the morning of his death-day, when he had but a few hours to live, he asked not for the inarching music of the processional hymn, but for Dr. Alexander's touching verses— " I'm kneeling at the threshold—a weary, faint, and sore; I'm waiting for the dawning, for the opening of the door." The opening was not long delayed. " The wasted, worn, and weary" had not long to wait. After the last solemn messages had heen delivered, the All-merciful bade our father rest. 