OIIIGIML COltltESrONDEJVCE. ON BAPTISM. (To the Editor of the Maitland Mercury.) I Sie,-I know that your columns are always open to ventilate and discuss any interesting subject, religion included. This being so, I may mention that I lately liad a conversation or discussion with a gentleman on the sacrament of bap- tisms and as the Festival of Easter, an im- portant one in the Christian Church, is now at hand, I think this not an inopportune time to send you a few remarks, together with a very able and appropriate extract, bearing on this holy ordinance, which as it were initiates or intro- duces us into the visible Church of Christ. I may observe that the gentleman I have above referred to holds very strong views as to the efficacy of baptism, particularly as regards the future state. He considers that a very young, even a newly-born child, if sickly and likely to die, ought to be at once baptised, either by the father or mother or any respectable person who is at hand, in the <>vent of a clergyman not being procurable. His reason for this is, he considers that a human being dying unbaptised will occupy a lower placp in the great hereafter, about which we know so little. Brought up a3 I have been in the true scriptural Calvinistic doctrine of the Church of Scotland, I of course cannot endorse these views, and I cannot better express my opinions than by giving you the following quotation from the writings of the great Dr. Guthrie, of Edinburgh :-" It is a happy thing that baptism is not the door of heaven. Otherwise it had been unhappy for millions who, dying in earliest infancy, never undergo that rite. They die unbaptised, but not on that ac- count unsaved, for who ever dare hang God's mercy on any outward rite. We do not ; and, although we believe that this interesting »rdinance is also, when engaged in with faith, an eminently blessed one, we daro not. Thousands go to heaven with- out baptism. Thousands, alas ! perish with it. " In the words of the Westminster Catechism 'Baptism is a sacrament, wherein the washing with water in the name of the Father, and the Son, and the Holy Ghost, doth signify and seal our in- grafting into Christ, and partaking of the benefits of the covenant of grace, and our engagement to be the Lord's,' Baptism attaches us to the visible Church ; it admits us to that, and is the door by which we enter it. But, while this ordinance unites the recipient to the body of professing be- lievers, does it of necessity form a living attach- ment between us and the Saviour. I have seen a graft bound to a bleeding tree. It was inserted into its wounded side that both might become one. Yet no incorporation followed. There was no living union. Held on by dead clay and rotting cords, it merely stuck to the living tree, a withered and unsightly thing. Alas ! it is so with many having a mind to live, they are dead. They have no faith ; they want that bond of living union, be- tween the graft and what is grafted on, between the sinner and the Saviour. # # # # # " Summoned once and in haste to the dying bed of a mother who was anxious to see her child baptised ere she herself expired, I found myself able to sympathise with her. The last desire of her life, the last effort of her sinking heart, was to join the infant to God. With her dying .arms she laid the new born lamb on the Shepherd's bosom, and ere the water was sprinkled on its face, the mother had breathed her last. Unconscious of the affecting scene, the infant received a double baptism, at once baptised by the water that fell from our agitated hand, and by the bitter tears that rolled down on its sweet face from a father's cheeks. There was sorrow and anguish there. Beside that dead mother lhere was deep solemnity, but no superstition j and if the wish to see her child baptised ero she left it to the care of others, expressed a mother's weakness, it was one with which we felt it no sin to sympathise. But I cannot sympathise with all those who, when death has stamped his seal upon an infant brow, hurry off for a minister to administer the right of baptism. I cannot believe that water holdsany virtue to save a soul. The Bible teaches me to recoil with horror from the thought that a God of Mercy would sus- pend salvation on a mere outward ordinance. Is there is not reason to suspect that at the root of this anxious unnecessary haste, there lies some lurking feeling that baptism if not absolutely essen- tial is at least very serviceable to salvation, and lias some connection near or remote with th« new birth and the forgiveness of sins.- Does not the sad and melancholy history of thousands prove that the outward ordinance is administered withput any corresponding administration of renewing grace. Tile altar and offerings are there, but no fire descends from Heaven on the sacri- fice. Grant that in our case and in any such church as ours, the cause of the failure is to bo found in our lack of Apostolic succession : grant that in our case the water, if not actually polluted by unconsecrated hands, is deprived of all virtue by the channel through which it flows : grant that we have no commission to baptize, and that there- fore what we do ,in Buch holy offices is null and void : grant the relevancy of all the allegations (each and all of which we deny)-is it not an un- ] deniable and melancholy fact that» the lives of ' persons in all churches, even of the moBt transcen- dental in their claims, demonstrate that many are 1 baptized with water who have never enjoyed the baptism of the Holy Ghost ? The question there- ' fore that we would urge on your most serious con- sideration docs not concern the sign, but the thing signified. If you have got the living element I care little or nothing through what church or by what channel it may flow. Have you got the living grace of God ? In, the words of an Apostle, ' Have you received the Holy Ghost ?' " I have only further to add that I think Dr. Guthrie puts the case very clearly and unmis- takably ; and as there seems considerable difference of opinion amongst the different sects regarding this matter, I think it is well that it should be so decidedly set forth, for the benefit of those who have confused ideas on the subject, and more par- ticularly for the benefit of those who have thought little about it, and therefore havenofixedideasat all. I need not tell you that the lato Dr. Guthrie was undoubtedly one of thc^blest and inos>t eloquent divines of his day, and I thiuk I can say with truth that at the piesent time among all the bishops, priests, and prelates in Australasia, his equal is not to be found. Therefore I consider his opinions entitled to considerable weight. To my mind, the the only mnn I can compare to him is the late Archbishop Vaughan. His religious views were of course different from those of Dr. Guthrie, and the Church of Scotland, but at the same time it is admitted by all that he was an ornament to any country and any Church. Both physically and intellectually " ho was a man, take him all in all ; we shall not look upon his like again." Indeed, the Roman Catholic community of this colony may well say of bim what Byron said of the immortal Sheridan, " that heaven had mude thom only one such man, and broke the die in moulding Roger Vaughan." In reading over this communication I can see it takes the shape of a sort of semi-sermon, but even as such I trust you may consider it worthy of a, place in the columns of your paper, where I hope it may be read with as much interest as some of the excellent short sermons I have noticed in vour columns. -I remain, &c;, SCOTCHMAN. 