the Telephone. (republic ) In an avenue mansion. The telephone rings — Young Spinks, an amateur trage dian, goes to answer the call. " There's that dreadful bell 1 It sum- mons thee to heaven or to— Hello 1 " Is this No. 405 ?" Even so, my noble lord." " Who are yon ? 1 "Iain thy lather's ghost.' " Yon talk more like a fool than a ghost. Who are you, anyhow? ' "1 am Sit Qracle, and when I open my month let no dog bark.1' " You're another. 38ut now get down to banicn. I want to 8p£ak to Miss Spinks " " Ify prophetic cool ! my sister Take, Oh take 'those lfosawaV !" ' 4 1 ' What's the' matter with yon ? Drunk or an idiot — which?" 1 11 , f Fafth, thou hut some crotchets in thy bead, now.' 1 "'J "I would like to put a head on ycu, young man. Who are you " \- "A proper man as one shall see in s sutntherdaj;" 1 ' 1 Nobody tot an idiot wonjdtalk about a summer day with the thermometer lOdefr. below zero." " O wonderful, wonderful, and most wonderful, and yet again wonderful, aiid after that out of all whooping." ''Well, stop yoiir « hooping, and tell Miss Spinks I want to speak with her." " Sho e beautiful, and therefore to be wooed ; she to u woman, therefore to be won." ' I know all that ; it's from Shakespeare's Sixth Henry ; but what are you giving us ? ! ! want a' word with Miss Spinks." " Her voice was ever soft, gentle, and low — an excellent thing in woman. " " All right ; her voice to what I want to hear at this moment." « Her beauty hangs upon the cheek of night, like a rich jewel in the Ethiop's ear." " Right again. Now let's have her ear here." " Thou comest in such a questionable shape that I will speak to thee. I could a tale unfold whose lightest word would harrow up thy soul." " WaIL let's h UA thfl IbIa— the irhnln nf it" "Though it would make the unskilful laugh, it can but make the judicious grieve." ' What is it all about ? Out with it, if you intend to give it away." " Lay not that flattering unetion to tby aoul." " Naff said, t.then ; now give me Miss 3pinks." " Cudgel thy brains no more about it." ' I'd like to cudgel your back for ycu." " Suit the action to the word, and the word to the action. Come, give us a taste of your quality. Beware of the entrance to a quarrel ; but, being in, bear it, thai, the opposed may beware of thee." " You're a born fool — that's certain." "Angels and ministers of grace defend ua ! Told by an idiot, full of sound and fury, signify big nothing." " What ails you — lager or whisky 7" " O that men should put an enemy in their months, to steal away their brains 1" " Correct again l" " Though I am not splenetic nor rash, yet have I in me something dangerous." "It must be something stronger than mineral water." " Let Hercules himself do what he may, the cat will -mew, the dog will have his day." ' Stop your nonsense, and call Miss Spinks for me." 44 That's neither here nor there." " Where is she, then ?" 4Iu my mind '8 eye, Horatio." "Oblige me, please, by telling me who yon are, sp that I may whip you the first time I get within reach of yon." " The phrase would be more germane to the matter if we could carry a cannon by our side." " I shan't need a cannon to do you up. But who are you ?" " A man that fortune's buffets and re- wards nas ta en witn equal thanks. Very like a whale. I bear a cnarmed life." "Well, then, can't you give me Miss Spinks." " A falcon, towering in uer pride of place, was by a mousing owl hawked at." " I'll risk the consequences ; call the falcon to me, right away." Screw your courage to the sticking " All right— my courage to all screwed up." "Here oomeB the lady. Oh, so light a foot will ne'er wear out the everlasting hills. A plague on both your houses." Young Spinks calls his sister to the tele' phone and vamooses the ranch. 