The South Bourke and Mornington Journal. WEDNESDAY, DECEMBER 15, 1886 Local Intelligence Our Mornington letter is unavoidably held over. At a meeting of the trustees of the Methodist Church deld at Dandenong last Saturday to receive tenders for the new church, no less than thirteen were sent in. They were taken into consideration and the.meeting was adjourned to next Satur- day, when the business will concluded by accepting one of the tenders. A tea meeting and presentation of "colors" in connection with the Dande- nong branch of the Salvation Army took place in the local barracks on Thursday evening last. The hall was neatly decor- ated for the occasion with evergreens and mottos, and, notwithstanding the inclemency of the weather, a goodly num- ber sat down to tea, which was provided by members of the Army. The several tables were laden with the usual delica- cies to be found at such meetings, and were presided over by Mesdames S. S. Searle, Swords, Kerr and North, and Miss Clarke (two) Welsher, Row and Scarbrough. After tea a procession, headed by the Collingwood brass band and marshalled by Colonel Barker, was formed and after parading the principal streets of the township wended its way to the barracks, where a public meeting took place, the building being densely packed. The meeting commenced by the singing of a hymn and the reading of a portion of scripture by Colonel Barker, after which short addresses were delivered by Lieutenant O'Toole (a converted Ro- man Catholic), Captain Niffnecker, Staff- officers Cole and Cousins, and several other officers and members of the band, all of ' - Yom-"--'--L.S- u 5 had t (unreadable line) Colonel Barker,who next addressed the assemblage, gave a short resume of the good work being done by the Army in Melbourne and its suburbs. He then called the Dandenong officers on to the platform and said that on behalf of Com- missioner Howard he had much pleasure in presenting the "colors" (which con- sisted of a blue and red flag with the words Salvation Army in yellow letters in the centre-the blue denoting "Purity;" red, "Blood of Jesus;" yellow, "Fire of the Holy Ghost") to the Dandenong corps, and in doing so he would impress upon all the necessity of remaining true to their colors, working shoulder to shoulder and victory would be theirs. During the evening a collection, amounting to £2 10s. was taken up, and the band played several selections of music in a manner which showed careful study and training. The affair was a great success from beginning to end, but pressure on our space precludes us from giving a more lengthy report. We received the usual Press invitation cards for a concert to be held in the Dan- denong Mechanics' Institute on Thursday evening last, in connection with a Mel- bourne society entitled the Bohemian con certs committee, but, not that we have observed, were any steps taken to an- nounce the concert alluded to. The hall was taken, and paid for, and that seems to have been the only step taken. How- ever, there was no appearance of any per- son to conduct or provide any entertain- ment on the occasion. The annual gathering of the Brighton Friendly Soolieties took place last week; but the state of the weather prevented the attendance being as large as otherwise it would have been. A suitable programme of sports was carried out, and enjoyed by those present. Through Mr. Walker M.L.A. paying a visit to his constituents at Kew a decision has been arrived at fixing the site of the railway station, and Mr. Walker will com municate the desire of the Kew people to have the station in the jiublic reserve in _tead ,,wfh? the Gove.Rs c Iol -sneto. 5?n'should be, as is what residents know will best suft them. A little 'fscene" occured at the Berwick Council vefting on Saturday between the Presidentfand Mr. W. Wilson, junr., on the later applying to have a culvert near his propety put in repair. Both became excited, ad rather hard words were used on each ale. Mir. Wilson explained that through te culvert being blocked the flood waters ld washed away the earth for some disince within a few inches of his fence, wich would shortly collapse if the rain coninued, and seeing that the Coun cil will lo responsible for any damage that may occo the President certainly acted injudicidsly in refusing to accept Council. Br Barr'motion to have a dayman put on to clear le culvert. The pfponed meeting of the committee of the Bndenong Mechanics' Institute again laied on Wednesday evening for want of quorum, probably owing to the inclemefy of'the weather. The (lkleigh Council had a long sitting onThuay last. The business commeno ed shod after 4 p.m., and with the ex oeptionf a brief interval for tea, continu ed untilearly 11 p.m. The roads and formations in and about kleigh have suffered severely throug e late rains, the surfaces in some cases g completely swept away. The da estimated at over £100. A commencement has already been made to establish a township at Spring- vale on the estate recently sold for that purpose on the south side of the railway line. Two weatherboard cottages have been erected, and material is on the ground for one or two others. wson's new hotel, at thecornerof Loe and Foster streeta, is almost com ple land is a very handsome building' iMrierson's new two story brick shops, inkmain street, will also be agreat imn peent to the township, and will pro ba completed during the next office savings bank has been es d at Paaenham, and the posts anthorised to peform the duties in on therewith. Here is an op. ity for the boys and girls of Paken neighborhood to invest their pe` with advantage. iGazttc of Thursday last is a very b ~olume, containing a copy of the L ax Register of Victoria up to 1ht Db er, 1886. of the doings and sayings of the ent of Victoria must be amusing to e e most uneducated. Speaking on t insing (public houses) Act,. Mr. C asked for information, and, having with one point he referred to a s, which was to ask "whether the Mi ment would pass a abort declarz tlessure this session. simply to state tie 78th section of the Act which re hIko the renewal of lioenoes, meant was intended to mean?" iollowingpeonshave been gazetted of the land temporarily reserved 22nd November, 1886, as a site for awresne F9inc, James Mortimer; Archer, Christian R ason, Pot is andJohn Reynolds. At the Dandemong Poli. Curt on Thursday last, before Mers. T., Ladson and H. Powis, J.'aP., Geo. Kirkham was brought up on remand charged with vagrancy. On the application of Con stable Carey the acqused was acquitted on this charge, as it had been discovered since his arrest that he was a lunatic from the Kew Asylum out on probation. A certificate from Dr. Shields, testifying to his iusauity, as produOed, and an order was made for his re-admittanoo into the Asylum.-A young man named William Green was proceeded againat by T. Cuey for wilful damage to property and asslt. The aooused called at the prosecutor'a hotel on the evening of the 8th inst. and had some drink. He afterwards went outside and either wilfully or accidentally broke a pane of glass in the bar window. The prosecutor claimed 2s. Gd. for the dainago done, which accused refused to pay, offering is. 6d. A quarrel ensued, during which the defendant caught hold of plaintiff and attempted to drag him out side to fight. In the acuffle the plaintiffs coat was damaged. The accued was sub sequently given in charge. The damage done was estimated at £1 2a. 6.1. The defendantpleadeddrunkennessin extenua. tion for his conduct. An order was made 4V -1-.... ,t claimed, in de_,elt 14 awas proefc're' by th, pli-e a-gIait tin accused for assault and damage to pro perty. The constable to whom Casey had given the defendant in charge stated that while removing him to the Lock-up he at. tacked him and tore his jumper (valued at £! 5s.) in such a manner as to render it worthless. A number of his companions were present, and had it not been for the timely assistance of a civilian the witness believed he would have been roughly handled by the mob. In reply to the Bench the defendant said he had no recollection of the occnrrence. Anorder for £2 Is. was made for the damage to the jumper, and a fine of £2 sas inflicted for the assault, in default one month's im prisonment.-Th flues were paid in each case. An unusually large quantity of rain fell in this district last week. On Friday the Dandenong creek overflowed its banks and submerged the low-lying country on either side; and towards the end of the week a considerable amount of the flat land along the railway line between Dan- denong and Clayton's road was under water. As but few of our readers have an op portunity of seeing what appears in the Government publication as "Parliamen tary Debates," we extract the following on the subject of the line from Fern tree Gully to Ringwood:--Mr. L L. Smith complained that it was formerly dis tinctly understood that the Ferntrec Gully Railway would' commence on the Mel bourne aide of the Ringwood station, it awas now intended, in order to satisfy t certain gentlemen, that it should start a a long distancebeyond Ringwood. Mr. Gil T lies stated that, so far as he knew, the original intention was not to be departed from. Mr. Bent mentioned that the matter was brought before the Railway Commissioners by himself and others dur e ing the honorable member for Morning. ton's absence in England. It was inten ded to start from the east end of Ringwood platform instead of the west, and the v char . wul i, I . _ ?conreir tion, and the line would, more over, be carried through less populated t country. It was to be hoped the original route would he adhered to. Mr. Keys said he conld inform the Minister of Railways r that the honorable member for Morning r ton was so far right that the Ferntree a Gnlly line was now intended to start a 1 quarter of a mile further east than was t previously designed. Yet the inhabitants I on the otherroute were far more numerous, r and they had offered the land free of i charge. He had always been opposed to the line,'but he thought that at all events it should be constructed to suit population, t rather than the requirements of a few I speculators. Mr. Gillies stated that he would have the matter thoroughly in quired into. The Health Officer at Dandenong was determined that the Shire Council should take some action at their last meeting on the subject of sanitary arrangements. He appeared during the meeting and in troduced the subject, but he stuck to it until he had a meeting of the Local Board of Health. As the preliminary business has been transferred to the members for the Centre Riding it devolves upon them to ascertain what is the best course to pur sue, whether for the whole or part of the Shire, in accordance with Local Govern ment Act. As any improvement made is for the general weal the cost should not be made a heavy tax on the ratepayers of one portion of the Shire. On Sunday next divine service will be conducted in the Church of England, Clyde, at 2.30 p.m. (Josiah Allen); Tooradin, 11 a.m, Cardinia Creek, 2.30 p.m.; Cranbourne, 7 p.m.-Preabyterian Church: Lyndhurst, 11 a.m.; Dandenong (Mechanics' Institute) 7 p.m.--Wesleyan Church: The Rev. E. O. Knee preaches at Dandenong at 11 a.m. and Berwick at 3 and 7 p.m. The Rev. J. L. Waugh, D. D., conducts the evening service at Dandenong. A oonversazione in conneetlon with the Dandenong Mutual Improvement Asso. ciation was heold in the Wesleyan Church on Friday evening, when an interesting programme was gone through, relievedat sntervals by refshwenta. The Praies dent, the Rev. R. O. Knee, oe?upied the chair. The Secretary, Mr. O. E. Ushee, sent in his resigsation during the evening, but as induced to withdraw it. The Association will not meet again until the first Friday in January. Our .Narree Warren oorreapondent writes-The Sunday school anniversary was celibrated in amoat enjoyable manner this year. On Wednesday evening the prizes were presented to the children by the Rev. E. O. Knee, and several ladies and gentlemen contributed songs, ad dreses, &o.; On Friday a pie-nie was given to the children, when about sizty sat down to tea, after which outdoor and indoor games were freely indulged in, the company breaking up. at 9 p.m.-On aturday evening, the. State school was crowded from platform to porch to wit. ness the twenty-sixth entertainment of the concert committee,' The chairman, Mr. R. H. Kerr, presented a good pro gramme, thefollowingladies gd gentlemd a taking part:--Misse? Keys Abds and Robinson, and Mesa s " L, Wilson, Byrnanaon, Lewis, Kerr and Bradahaw. Each performer received well merited ap pla?i As n plmt evein ng *5'1 ied longtlmeh ato Considerable interest was manifested Monday in connection with the successful tendering for the construction of the first section of the Great Southern line from Dandenong to Whitelaw's Track, a dis- tance of about 50 miles. It was announc- ed that Messrs. J. Falkingham and sons were the lowest tenderers at £251,267 19s. 2d., and that the tender would be sub- mitted to the scrutiny of Ihe Engineers of the Railway Department before the Rail- way Commissioners accepted or declined A meeting of the committee of the Dandenong Agricultural Society was held on Saturday, when the prize list was re vised and adopted, and several special prizes reported as having been promised. A special Court was held at Dandenong yesterday, Messrs. Rodd and Ladson be- ing on the bench, when a hawker's license was granted to Mr. George Rae of Narree Warren. 