CHAPTER XXVI. inB wife's thug auiitniAX. Lord Castlemaine was just; a little puzzled; not sttspiciou3, but puzzled, He had nothing to be suspicious over. Ida was in the reading room of his club, hia face and head hidden by a cony oi t-lia Times, on which he was intent. Two members of the club, both well linown to him, came in and eat down close to him, without perceiving him. They had evidently been deeply engrossed in conversation, and thev continued it now. “ There is nothing in it," said one to the other. " I know her well. I am sure there there is nothing in it.” “ It is seldom you find smoke without fire,” said the other. “1 do not know. I feel sure this is all emoko. How many such rumors aro born aud die in a day.” This was spoken by Sir Ilarvey Hope, who always took a bright and hopeful view of things. Colonel Charters, who answered him, was a man who took a dark view of everything. “ Trite,” he replied, “ but I think there is generally some cause for them. I am Eorry in this case, for I havo a sincere liking for the lady, and the husband too.” “I do not believe it,” said Sir Harvey Hope. 111 know them both, husband nnd wife, and I do not thi^k^hero is a happier pair in London.” ‘x "I must. luluiH mo Fame thing," dark-minded colonel; “ whenever I have seen them together they have seemed most united, most devoted to each other. I was utterly astonished.” “But what did you hear,” asked Sir Harvey, “ only foolish rumours?” “I heard the same old story—that ho had gono mad over her.” “ That is not her fault,” interposed Sir Harvey. “ She cannot bo blamed for that.” “.Certainly not; but knowing the character of the man, she should not give' him the ..lightest encouragement. When ho was in England before, there wr.3 always some scandal or other about him.” “ That is not her fault either,” interrupted Sir Harvey. “ True; but it should make her oareful,” said the colonel. “ Probably, being yonDg and unaccustomed to tho world, she knows nothing whatever of the evil Eido of his reputation, nnd only knows him os ono of tho bravest officers in Eng “ Then her husband should look after her,” grumbled the colonel. “I have no patience with the men of to-day; they sit by, in silent inactivity, while their wives go straight to ruin. I cannot tell what they are made of.” “ This is rather a sweeping assertion,” said Lord Cat tlemaine, laying down his paper, and looking both gentlemen in the face. They could not have been more horrified if they had suddenly Esen a ghost. Sir Harvey’s cuddy face suddenly turned pale, and Colonel Charters, in his agitation, almost dropped hi3 cigar; but Lord Castlemaine was serenely unconscious; he had not the most remote idea the conversation had been about him; he would not have believed it il either oi them had Bworn it. “ That is a sweeping assertion, Charters,” ho said again; “ and, do you think, quite de served?” “ I am sorry to say I believe it to be per fectly true. I am amazed at. the indifferent, callous fashion in which husbands see young and beautiful wives launched on the very eea oi fashion, dissipation, and excitement, and make no effort whatever to help keep them safe. I say that it amazes me. A husband should bo the guardian of his wife.” Sir Harvey Hope laughed; but his life was not a bright one. “ I do not think many wives would like that notion,” ha said. Lord Castlemaine remarked “ I am proud of the reputation the Castle m9ines have always enjoyed, of being good husbands.” The two gentlemen looked at each other. Their eyes met, but they spoke no word. “ It wonld be indiscreet,” he continued, “ to ask of whom you wero speaking ?” Sir Harvey admitted that it would. The Colonel was silent. ' “ I oould not help overhearingitho conversa tion,” he said, “ and it is no matter ot mine —no business whatever of mine; but if I understand you rightly, rumour is busy with tho name of some young and beautiful young The two friends looked at eactf- other strangely. “ That is it,” replied Sir Harvey. _ “ That same man describes himself as going mad about her, while Bhe is a married woman ? ” “ True,” nodded the oolonel. Ha wished himself far away, and evidently thought the less said the better. “ If she is married, she baa a hUBb&nd; to to take care of her, I suppose, and to keep all Buch men at a distance,” said Lord Castle maine. Both gentlemen nodded, but did not answer The situation, to say tha least of itt was piquant and peculiar. - “ I should very quiokly decide what to do in his 'case, be he whom he may,” continued Lord Castlemaine. “ If he hae dared to speak in that way of any married lady, let her hus band take up her defence. There is no need to whisper it in corners. Let her hoBband find a whip with a strong lash; then let him seek out tha coward who has so spoken of his wife and lash him in publie. One or two. such examples would corn suoh scoun drels of trying to make love to other men’a wives,” Again tha two gentlemen looked helplessly one at the other. “That is tha right thing to do," added Lord Castlemaine. “ To quarrel with such a man is to encourago him; to fight with him would be to dignify-him. The right thing is to horsewhip him.” “ How can you horsewhip a gentleman ? ' asked the colonel, helplessly. “ A gentleman 1 ” repeated Lord Castle* maino, with infinite scorn. “ We are not speaking of gentlemen; we' are speaking of cowards and traitors, who have no respect for women, and no respect for the honouroitheir fellow-men. We do not call such persons ‘ gentlemen.’ I would brand such men, I be lieve ; ” and Lord Casttemaino’s face shone with a noble light as he spoke. “ I believe in the sanctity of marriage and in the honour of women.” “A noble fellow,” thought the colonel; “ but what a situation I ” “ Curious things will happen,” he said, aloud. “ The world is pretty much what it has always been. The sins of Adam and Eva, of Cain and Abel, of David and Solomon, are our Bins." “ We may all bo sinners,” said Lord Castle maine, “ that lies between us and our God; we may all be at the sarno time loyal and honest men, that lies between ua and onr fel low creatures.” Colonel Charters rose from his scat and yawned ae politely as possible. Sir Harvey imitated him as quiokly. Lord Castlemaine wondered why their interest in the subject died so Boon, and why they seemed in such a hurry to leave. “ I am going yonr way," said Sir Harvey to the colonel; “ shall we go together ? ” The two gentlemen lett the club together, arm in arm. “ Of all the strange things,” said Sir Harvey, solemnly, “ That is the strangest. To think that we should have gone into the very room where he waB, have taken seats near him, yet not have noticed it was ho.” “And to think that within sound of his own ears wo ehould have discussed his wife and Colonel Lennox.” " Ho has not the faintest idea of whom W6 were Bpeaking," said Sir Harvey. “Not in the least,” replied the colonel. “It would not have been a pleasant hour for us if he had-done so, and it would have been harder Btill for Lennox.” “ Yes," said Sir Harvey, with a grim smile; “oven his victories in Zalaland, the Vic toria oroas, and all the hononra he has re ceived would not have saved him from that terrible whip." < TVi h.A CAiitiniie/l.) 