Arrival ol Dr. O'Doiierty, So soon as it became .known tbat Dr. O'Doherty, the recently-elected member for Meath in the British House of Commons, would call at Largs Bay on the homeward route, it was resolved by the members of the Adelaide branch of the Irish National League that some demonstration should be arranged in his honor. It was thought that there were many circumstances which should induce a display of the character contemplated, and not the leaBt of these was that Dr. O'Doherty, as an Australian of many years' standing, had been so far honored as to have been elected unopposed for an important constituency in the Green Isle. Beyond this, however, was the fact that Dr. O'Doherty was one of the "boys" of '48—that year which nearly every Irishman looks back to with feelings of reverence; and it was probably more due to this than even to the career which Dr. O'Doherty ha3 pursued in the colony of Queensland that the South Australian repre sentatives of the Irish National League de termine to speed in a fitting manner the part ing guest. Thirty-seven years ago the doctor was but a stripling of about 24 years of age, and in consequence of some statements published by him in the then and now famous Nation, in which he urged the peasantry to provide for the bodily require ments of themselves and their families first, and to hand the surplus of their produce to the land lords next, that he was called before a judge and sentenced to transportation for ten years. That sentence was not fully carried out, and Dr. O'Doherty went to Trance having re ceived a conditional pardon. Thence he made a surreptitious voyage to Ireland, where he met Miss Eva Kelly, his affianced wife, and a lady of no mean poetic power. After returning once more to Franee he received an uncon ditional pardon returned to the land of his love, married Miss Kelly, who from the outset of their acquaintance had ex ercised a marked influence upon the young " patriot," and resumed the study of medicine. Leaving Ireland for Queensland Dr. O'Doherty practised medicine for many years with great success, and during his stay in that colony may almost have been said to have earned the title of of the ''open-handed," his liberality in various directions calling forth encomiums from all sections of the press. It is only a short time since that the doctor with his wife revisited the old country, and on that occasion he addressed audiences in Dublin and other parts of Ireland. As was to be ex pected from one who had lived so long under the free constitution of the Aus tralian colonies, his utterances were couched in terms of moderation, and the references he made to the colonies of Australasia must bear a lasting fruit among his audiences. Dr. O'Doherty is apparently not first an Irishman and then an Australian; but he, like many others, believes that in the great British Empire there is plenty of room in which both Irishmen and Australians can exist and be at """Unfortunately for the plans of the Adelaide branch of the Irish National League the steamer Sydney, by which Dr. O'Doherty was a passenger, arrived considerably behind her time. It' was expected that she would reach the anchorage at Largs Bay at about 6 o'clock on Monday morning, and arrange ments bad been made that a dele gation from the league should board the steamer and bring the doctor to town, where he was to be entertained at luncheon and driven round the city. Messrs. W. Dixon (president of the Adelaide branch of the league), J, A. Hewitt (president of the A. M. Sullivan branch of the league), Dixon, sen., P. Whelan, M. Smith, and Healy, left Adelaide at an early hour and proceeded to the Semaphore, which they reachedat 9 o'clock. No news of the steamer having passed Cape Jervis had been received, and it was feared from the outset that there would be no possibility of Dr. O'Doherty landing in time to receive the congratulations of those who_hold the same views as he does on Irish affairs in this colony. The day wore on, and still there was no sign of the steamer, but the little party from Ade laide remained firm, and at 3 o'clock in the afternoon were rewarded for their patience by bearing that the Sydney had passed Cape Jervis at about that time. Shortly before 7 o'clock the French steamer arrived off Largs Bay, and a start was made in the Blue Bell from the jetty. Dr. O'Doherty, who is a tall spare man with grey hair and whiskerB, clean shaved on the lip and chin, and with a kindly expression of face, greeted the mission from the shore soon after they had set foot on board the Sydney. " So sorry," he said, "that we have had such a storm. 1 should so much have liked to have seen your beautiful Adelaide, but that I fear is alto gether impossible." He readily recognised Mr. Dixon, and other gentlemen who had acted with him at the conference on Irish affairs which was held some two years ago in Melbourne, and when it was intimated to him that it was intended to present him with an address of congratulation he suggested an ad journment to another portion of the ship'3 deck, where interruption was not to be feared. Here one or two irrepressible spirits raised a half cheer, but this was quelled by the doctor, whose imperturbable humor _ it would appear does not care to be disturbed by the enthusiasm of his co-patriots — at least on board a steamer. Mr. W. Dixon then, on behalf of the Irish National league of South Australia, congratulated the doctor on his being returned to the House of Commons as the representative of Meath, and said he was sure the doctor would be able to- be of great assistance to the Nationalist party. The past career of Dr. O'Doherty eminently fitted him for the occupancy of a seat in the House of Commons, and they had not the slightest doubt tbat he would in a very great degree assist Mr. Parnell in obtaining those constitutional reforms which had been so persistently appealed for. Some two years ago two or three of those present had had the pleasure of meeting Dr. O'Doherty in Melbourne at the meetings of the Irish National Convention over which the doctor presided, and he was pleased to see that the doctor was now looking so well and so hearty. He was sorry Dr. O'Doherty could not go ashore where arrange ments had been made for his reception, but since this was not to be he asked him on behalf of the Irish National League of South Australia to accept their heartiest wishes for his future welfare. W e had good laws in this colony. We had made them ourselves, and what the Irish inhabitants of South Australia wanted was that Ireland should be placed in a similar position to South Australia. He did not see why the people of Ireland should not enjoy the same blessings of liberty and freedom and have the same political independence a3 we had in South Australia. He was sure that England need not be afraid of trusting the Irish people with home rule, and he was also certain that the Irish people would never rest satisfied until they had obtained home rule. Dr. O'Doherty would be able to inform his and their fellow-countrymen that the Irish people in South Australia were determined to assist those in the dear old country to obtain that for which they were now struggling, no matter how long they might have to wait. He wished the doctor a pleasant voyage, and expressed the hope that ere long the Federal Council of the Irish National League meeting in Mel bourne would be able to receive the welcome information that home rule had been conceded to Ireland. Dr. O'Dohebty, in replying, said he was very pleased indeed to have re ceived such cordial congratulations from his fellow-countrymen in South Australia. He need hardly tell them that at almost every quarter at which he had touched since his re turn to Australia he had been accorded similar welcomes, and these had formed one of the most pleasing features of his journey. Since he had been in the old country matters political had undergone a complete change, and the Irish party was now probably the most power ful political party at home, and really ruled the fate of the country. This was due to the wonderfully skilful management of Mr. Parnell. and to the wonderful aid of Archbishop "Walsh. For himself he en tertained not the slightest fear that he would ere long be able to convey the grateful news to the Federal Council of the League meeting in Victoria that the day had been won. He asked them to accept his thanks for their ex pressions of good will, and the assurance of his regret that he wa not able to visit their beautiful city, of wt >h he had heard so much. Hepromised them tuatifitmet with theapproval of the Irish Parliament meeting in College Green he would, within two years, return to enquire into the modes by which commerce between Australia and the kingdom of Ireland might be facilitated. (Cheer3.) Mr. J. A. Hewiit (president of the A.M. Sullivan branch of the Irish National League) then introduced Mr. M. Sjiixh, •who read the following address; "To Kevin Izod O'Doherty, Esq., ALP.—From the A. AI. Sullivan branch of the Irish National League, Norwood, S.A., February 1, 18S6.— Dear Sir—We rejoice that circumstances have afforded us the opportunity of meeting you on your journey to your native land, and con gratulating you on account of the position you will in future occupy as representative of your brethren in Australia. We recognise in you a noble champion of our mother Ireland, and proudly remember that your career has been as remarkable as it has been glorious. In your early years you made many sacrifices in liberty's cause, and to-day amongst the 'sea-divided Gael' the name of Kevin Izod O'Doherty is a household word. Imperishably associated as you are with the chequered though splendid history of our native land we feel an especial pleasure in honoring one of the heroic band of '48. Like a knight-errant of old you have travelled far for freedom's sake, and have ever striven,to defend the helpless and the weak. You have been, true to your, country and faithful to your race, and deserve to Wfftr the lanrels you have won. Daring your sojourn in Australia you took a foremost place amongst the senators of your adopted land, and proved to the world that no man would more readily uphold righteous laws than an Irish man. You have been loyal to what was right and just, and to the shortsighted persons who say otherwise we would reply in the words of our national bard Contempt on the minion who calls you disloyal; Though fierce to your foe, to your friends you are true; And the tribute most high to a head that is royal Is love from a heart that loves liberty, too. Returning now to represent the home of your youth in Imperial councils, we feel confident that your vast experience combined with un dying fervor will enable you to do still more for Ireland. You will prob .bly arrive in time to be present at the death of Irish landlordism and tyranny, and we trust be spared to take a seat in the Parliament which will shortly assemble in College Green. Trusting that it will please Providence to grant you a safe and pleasant voyage—We remain, &c.;, John A. Hewitt, President; Matthew Sihth, Hon. Sec. on behalf of the A. M. Sullivan branch of the Irish National League." Dr. O'Dohebty said he accepted the address with very hearty thanks. Since he had been a very small boy he had believed in the j usfcness of destroying the vile tyrannies under which the people"of Ireland had been suffering for gene rations past. Now he believed they were turn ing the corner, and brighter days were dawn ing for Ireland. Henceforth Englishmen, Irishmen, and Scotchmen would, he hoped, be able to meet with a fraternal hand shake, Buch as they had never been able to do before, and Irishmen at least would be able to feel themselves on an equality with those who belonged to the same empire. Up to this time Ireland had been in the hand of a small minority, which had been well de scribed as a brutal landed oligarchy, who had no sympathy with the people, bat who fattened upon them and destroyed the country as much as it was in their power to do. Thank God this power had been by the last elections destroyed, and he trusted that never would there be a return of that power. It would give Mr. Parnell and the gallant body of men who were working with him great pleasure when the feelings of sympathy contained in the address just presented were conveyed to them. Sympathy done, however, was not all that was needed. Let them follow it up. One-half of the Irish members of Parliament who had been returned to fight the cause, and who were honest de termined men, had not the means to stay at St. Stephen's, and most of the money; so generously subscribed in Ireland, America, and Australia had been lost in the last great combat,_ owing to the determination of the great oligarchical party then in power to defeat Mr. Parnell and his party. They had put up bogus candidates, and although these candi dates had had no ghost of a chance the Nationalist party had been put to great ex pense. From the accounts he had recently had from home he had great hopes for the future of Ireland. Writers in the press and almost everybody else seemed to say that Ireland would have to be granted what she wanted. God grant that it might be so, and he thought that if it were so ei ery Irishman would at least grow an inch in stature. (Laughter.) Since the convention which had been held in Melbourne and since the visit of the Redmond brothers there had been a system of oppression m the colonies towards Irishmen. They could not go into the dis trict councils, corporate bodies, or legislatures as they used to do. There was a tremendously big body sympathising very much with that landed oligarchy at home, but despite all this he was glad to think that there were many who sympathised with the Nationalist party, and who with himself believed that the hopes of the party were about to be realised. The proceedings were then brought to a termination, the doctor shaking hands with aach member of the party. In a short conversation with the reporter of this paper Dr. O'Doherty once more expressed his regret that he was not able to visit Ade laide. He was not prepared to say very much with regard to the present aspect of political affairs in England, because so much had tran spired since fie left the old country. He was, however, sanguine that whatever Ministry was in power the struggle of the Nationalist party of Ireland would not have been in vain. He was asked whether, in his opinion, it was likely that Mr. Parnell would ac cept the position of Chief Secretary of Ireland if it were offered to him, and his reply was to the effect that it was hardly likely that Mr. Parnell would accept a position in the Cabinet merely as Chief Secretary, but that if fie were commissioned to act as Chief Secretary for Ireland having under him a Ministry in an Irish Parliament, it was more than probable that the responsibility would not be de clined. No member of the Irish National League, can, we understand, accept a portfolio in a Ministry under the present constitution of the United Kingdom. 