SHE CAULFIELD GBAHD NATIONAL MEETING. Me. Babnabd has announced the i, ndicaps for the three principal events v connection with the Grand National , eeting at Caulfield, fixed for Saturday i ---ck, and they are published in another j - Inmn In the Hurdle Race Duration has j -i-en placed at the top of the handi- i . p with 12st. 41b. opposite his name, | f ' eet Anchor coming next with , lr pounds less. Ocean is allotted /st. 61b., just sixteen pounds more i 'uin he carried to victory in the. ' R.C. Grand National. Koolyte hesl : same weight as at the Flemington' eting (lOst. 41b.), but Distiller, after : : poor exhibition he made, has ree pounds taken off, while Tan- i iser has four pounds less than he d in tbe V.B.C. event. Ruby has list. ' ' i. to carry, being only eight pounds s than Sheet Anchor; and Yet Again \- let in at the handy weight of lOsr., lile Amateur, who won with-9st. 61b. i a' Geelong.is given 9st.l3lb. here. Grattan i /-ppears to be in well with 9st. 81b., and I Joey, Bonnie Lad, and Townley are in j -'.a 9st. division. Game, of course, heads the list in the ; .-'ieplecha8e, with 12st. 121b., his win in i : -:a V.R.C. Grand National Steeple, like | ean's in the Hurdle Bace, costing him / teen pounds, aad Lady Ashton comes , it with 12st. 81b., three ponnds more ; - -.a she carried in the V.R.C. Grand ' ' tionaL Studley has 12st. 21b., Native I t. lOst., with which weight he won so ily at Geelong, but it must not be for- ten that the company was very inferior re. The Irishman has list. 91b., ile Goodwood has five pounds less, ckliffe, the winner of the Maiden <eplechase at Flemington last month, allotted lOst 111b., two ponnds less . .-. a he carried on that occasion, velock has lOst. 8lb. nuainst lus name. \- pounds more than he won with at onee Valley. Terang doeB not seem airly treated with lOst. 41b. in the Balaclava Stakes the handi- capper starts with Mr. Millers psir, Boolka and William Tell, giving the former 9st. 6lb., or a pound more than the Newmarket Handicap winner. Grace Darling has 9st. lib., and Dura tion 8st. 121b., four pounds more than he carried at Geelong on Saturday ; while Meteor, for his second at Geelong, has eight pounds added. The Ghost has Sst. 61b., and Chnckster 8st. 71b. Gardenia, with 8st. 31b., has six pounds more to carry than she did on the Flemington Grand National day. Q.uintin Matsep is in with 8st., two pounds less than he had when he ran third to Gardenia on the same day. Camerine and Middle- march are also in the Sst. division. Having glanced cursorily down the list, I think that the pick of Ths Hurdle Sace An naj\fliijp nlaa! lUe ImrCA HUNTSMAN, oe SHEET ANCHOB, and Yet Acaix has more than an out side chance. The handicap for The Steeplechase is scarcely as equitable as it might be, as Game meets Native on_ precisely the same difference in the weights as when Mr. Loughlin's horse ran fairly away from the aboriginal in the V.R.C. Grand National. I question very much whether another ten pounds on Game's back would, on that day, have brought him back to Native, yet they are asked to meet at just the same difference at Caul field. On the other hand, Lady Ash ton is raised only three pounds since the Grand National, while Native has sixteen pounds more to carry. As Mr. Pearson's mare will be more partial to the shorter course, I look upon her as being remarkably well treated by comparison with Native. If I picked two against the field to-day I would certainly take GAME and LADY ASHTON, and the best outsider is Michael. A cobbespondent writes'to an English paper as follows: — "As you have often asked for information about the Royal stud at Hampton Court, the following particulars of its history may be interest ing : — The stud, was established by the Prince Regent about 1813, with the object of breeding saddle-horses, all of which were to be grey — an idea which was evi dently drawn from Herrenhausen. As soon as the Prince ascended the throne, he sold the stnd, and lent the paddocks to the Duke of York, who kept his stud there, and it was managed by Mr. Charles Greville. In 1827 the Dnke died, and the stud was sold, and George IV. then occu pied the place with a new stud, which was managed by Mr. Delme Radcliff. When George IV. died his successor kept on the stud, which was sold a few months after the death of "William IV., when seventy- seven lots realised upwards of £16,500. The paddocks passed to the Queen Adelaide (on whom Bushey had been settled as a dower house), and she let them to General Peel and Mr. Charles Greville, who kept their studs there for neariy thirty years. The present Royal stnd was established by tbe Prince Consort in 1851, and for years past it has been under the charge of Colonel Maude, who has managed it vera badly and very extravagantly. _ The whole thing is an absurdity and a job, and the Queen would be well-advised to get rid of it altogether, in which case a great deal of money would be saved, and the paddocks could be thrown into the adjacent park, and placed at the service of the public." 