TOPICS OF THE WEEK. Mr. Balfour, the retiring president of the Melbourne Chamber of Commerce, in his review of the year reports that business has been conducted very soundly—credit was well sustained and commercial paper honoured. The outlook for the future is not so good. Money is becoming dearer, and the banks are taking a pull at the laud and mining speculator, who requires a .hint that he won't be allowed quite so much rope during the ensuing 12 months as he had during the past. Mr. Balfour uses a happy, phrase when he says that the banks may have to take in the sail which has been Bpread rather exten sively to the favouring breeze, and to make everything snug for the coming blow. " We have been enjoying (he says) an almost unex ampled period of prosperity, but we cannot sbutour eyes to the consequences which ."must follow the great fall in the values of wool and grain; the . long-protracted drought in the neighbouring colonies of New South Wales, South Australia, and Queensland; the heavy losses in sugar investments, owing in a great measure to the bounties which France, Germany, and, now, Itnsaia are giving for the bect-grown article; the deficiency in the revenue of New South Wales, which it is proposed to meet by a reduction in expendi ture, and by considerably increased taxation; and the commercial depression in South Aus tralia. We are so intimately connected with the other Australian colonies, and Victorian capital is so largely invested in them, that we must, sooner or later, feel the effects of any serious depression of their interests." The forecast is anything but cheering, but if we know what is coming, and make ready for it, the more easily will the slackness in trade be borne. Australia is undoubtedly passing through one of its recurring periods of trial, and we owe our immunity in Victoria up to now to exceptionally good seasons within our limited territory. To account for Dr. Morrison's writing that letter to the Presbytery, assuring them that he " stands firm," we are obliged to venture the hypothesis that some of the members have been visiting him " on the quiet" to point out what an awkward dilemma they would be in if they were left without some plausible excuse for keeping up the prose cution of Mr. Dods. They are determined to have Mr. Dods's sermons, or his blood. Dr. Morrison, however, is a very wary gentleman, and knows which is the windy side of the lew. The prosecution—or, as we are disposed to say, the persecution—of Mr. Dods exposes both the Presbytery and the persons who set them in motion, to the risk of a Supreme Court action if they trespass beyond their powers. Consequently, Dr. Morrison and the Presbytery alternately get behind each other with adroit celerity whenever there is the slightest indication of danger. This week the Presbytery occupies the position of safety nearest the door, but when Dr. Morrison's letter comes to be carefully scanned it will be found to commit him to nothiDg. lie is very angry, in the first paragraph, with the press for saying that he has withdrawn from the position originally taken up by him in his ap peal. The press never eaid anything of the kind. No one would think of accusing Dr. Morrison of backing out of a safe place, and he was perfectly safe in objecting to the call. But "libelling" a minister iB a very different thing, and when the Presbytery, before pro ceeding to disciplinary extremes with Mr. Dod9, asked Dr. Morrison for an indictment —the logical outcome of his complaint—the worthy, but cantious, principal of the Scots College vanished. He is satisfied with having procured the rejection of the call in favour of Mr. Dods, but with the trial of that ycung minister for heresy (although Dr. Morrison tells the Presbytery in a whisper that he is heretical) he has nothing to do. We stroll pre sently see him "washinghia hands"ofthe busi ness. " On the third part of my statement"— he is careful to avoid calling it a charge—" the Presbytery has (sic) resolved to take further action, and has (ticJ founded a separate pro cedure; but that procedure is theft's (sicJ not mine. I have no desire to shirk my re sponsibility, and I adhere to every word of my statement on which the present process of the Presbytery is based;" but if they go on it is at their own risk not Iris. Ue pre fers standing before tire world as a man who has hinted that Mr. Dods is heretical, but daTe not bring a formal accusation against him under the rules of the church. This is keeping on the windy aide of the law. The running of tramways in Melbourne has brought to the front an important ques tion—how are we to manage in future with regard to Btrect processions? Wednesday was the anniversary of the eight hours move ment, and the different orders of mechanics and artisans took their annual march through the city, crossing the tramway in Flinders street, and causing a stoppage of traffic at one of thebusiest crossings. Nextyear the cars will be running altmg Collhks- street and possibly down Elizabeth-street and Swanston-street, and it wiH be impossible for the trade societies to avoid blocking the tram-lines at three or four points if they insist on keeping to the principal thoroughfares. Persons wishing to come into town from Richmond, Fitzroy, Oollingwood, Carlton, and North .Melbourne will either have to walk or wait |tHl the passing of the procession has freed the cars , by which their business or their pleasure obliges them to travel. In fact, for two or three hours in the early part of the day there will be no travelling by tram cars. The onlookers, who line the footpaths and gather in crowds at the principal corners, cause aa much iuconvenience as the persons marching down the centre of the street and if there were no onlookers there would be no banners Hying, no bands playing, no marching. The music, the ban ners, and the crowd attract one another, and the traffic is blocked in consequence. As we have no desire that the 21st of April should become an occasion for grumbling and dis cord. wc hope that before the neat anniver sary comes round, the City Council, which is responsible for the regula tion of traffic and the free moving to and fro of busy people) will arrive at an understanding with the Trades-hall Council as to the streets that are to be dedicated to marching. It is not a question between the tramway company and the procession, but between these two and thousands of the travelling public. In the chief American cities, where walking in procession is the delight of all classes, it has grown up to be a nuisance which the civic authorities ate incapable of controlling ; and the nuisance is greatest just before the election of the President, when Kepubiicans and Democrats monopolise the streets on alternate days. There is not very much wisdom to be ex tracted from the report of the board ap pointed by the Queensland Government to inquire into the outbreak of disease which occurred on the Torres Straits mail steamer Doranda early iu the summer. The disease, they say, was contracted at Priok, the har bour of Batavia, but this was demonstrated long ago; at any rate it could not have been picked up anywhere else, and Batavia was besides a likely place, for cholera is always prevalent there. The board is of opinion that the fact that the Dorunda had cholera on board might have been found out much earlier if the medical inspection had been more searching. This is a discovery of some importance. The health officer, we presume, went through his work in a perfunctory manner, as beaith ; officers too often do except when a scare is on, and rather hastily agreed with the ship's doctor that the patients then under treatment were Buffering from diar-j rhoea: yet "the second undoubted case i of cholera was developing at Cooktown I during the conference between the^ ship's doctor and the police magistrate." The board strongly recommend that a quaran tine station be established at Thursday Island, but, for reasons we expressed on a former occasion, we have strong doubts as to whether an island within 10 degrees of the equator would be a healthy sanatorium for KuropeauB in the summer season. It is also proposed that there should be quarantine stations near Cooktown and Townsville. Magnetic Isiand, Cleveland Bay, opposite Townsville, is supposed to be a station at present, bat there is no accommodation lor such a large number of first-class passengers and immigrants as the Torres, straits steamers convey. "We are of opinion" say the board "that the exigencies of trade and coaling can offer no justification for the dangers to which the colonies will be exposed if European immigrants arc brought iu contact with the diseases found to exist in tropical latitudes and among an Asiatic population." What they mean by this, no doubt, is that the 6teamers should not call at Batavia when cholera is prevalent there. It is dangerously near Australia; and the Dorunda touched at two Queensland ports Thursday Island and Cooktown—before the uue nature of the disease she had on board became patent The Government intend to put all vessels that call at Batavia into quarantine for 14 days, and this may oblige the British India Company to choose a new coaling port for their steamers. In the township of Camooweal, in Queens laud, the sole representative of the law is a constable, who sometimes exercises judicial functions. The nearest court of petty ses sions is at Borketown, on the Gulf of Car pentaria, which is 220 miles away, and when a prisoner is given in charge the constable lm to consider whether he will undertake a weary ride to Burketown or deal with the case himseif. There are supposed to be two local justices of the peace, but they have left the district, and a third gentleman, who has been added to the commission of the peace, is not yet sworn in. He would have to travel a still greater distance than 220 miles to End a judge before whom the oath of allegiance could be taken. Meantime, the constable seeniB to be managing discreetly. A Chinese was given in charge for larceny. The con stable took from Ah Sin, tbe prisoner, the property he had stolen, and kept him at work for 10 days at the police station—it was virtually a sentence of 10 days' hard labour— and then bade bim go and sin no more. Two young blackfellowe, after a drinking bcmt, had a fight, and one nearly stabbed the other to death. Tbe constable chained the would-be murderer up for five days only, his offence not being so heinous a one as the Chinaman's. There were recently two constables and a black tracker in the township, but a serious case tamed up, and the extra police were sent off to Burketown with a prisoner. After they left, a man named Murphy gave himself up for murder, and a man named Black hod to be arrested for horse-stealing. At the date of the last advices, the whole of the Camooweal constable's time was taken up roMing these'two prisoners. With the horse-stealer something will have to be done,,;)becau8e in all young communities the fifjfong of horses and cattle is looked upon as one of the seven deadly sins, but the const#!" is understood to be weighing in his mM(be propriety of turning the mur .der&ilbse.; |lurpby pffiy only;he wanting a : ja&Bp; Buricptown, and, ^Juence in the dis . *°-8' * cliatge tite yrtsonerflfter a short detention to save the country the expense of a trial, which may only end in Murphy's being con victed of lying. Pending the return of the I second policeman from Burketown, notices, | doubtless, will be posted on the trees round j about the township calling upon all ller Majesty's liege subjects to abstain from I , crimes of the tiret degree, while the lock-up j i remains full In oue of Bret Harte's bur- j i lesque stories the ghosts inhabiting a j | haunted house and its neighbourhood hold a meeting to protest against the proprietress j committing any further murders, as the j I gloomy pool, the withered tree, the old hay loft, the dark cellar, and every other suitable I i abiding place for a departed spirit is already i occupied by her deceased relatives, and ghosts object to being overcrowded. At the meeting of the Adelaide Young Men's Christian Association last week—the whitewashing meeting it might be called— | some very strange things were said and done. Alexander Walker, the secretary, is, by his own confession, £1,300 short in his accounts; and before the board of management, who are investigating the facts, had time to submit a report or come to any decision this meeting was convened for the purpose of prejudging the case and directing the board what they should do. Mr. Walker's friends were resolved that the affair should, if possible, be hushed up or smoothed over. The proceedings were opened with prayer, and the chairman quoted several scriptural texts, ail pointing in the direction of mercy. With " pain and 6orrow of heart" the meet j ing then proceeded to regret that Mr. Walker should have been guilty of misappropriating i the funds, and to express " tbeir sense of the | gravity of the sin he had committed." His j misdoings were Epoken of as "a great j calamity," and the speakers could not under j stand how one who " had enjoyed the friend ship of spiritually-minded gentlemen" could < have descended so low ,* but " they must | show that there was something more in ' Christianity than pounds, shillings, and | | pence." All this was intended to prepare the : way for a resolution directing the board of ; management to take a merciful view of the case—in other words, " to square it" But the meeting was saved from committing it self prematurely, by the interposition of the llev. J. B. Stephenson and Dr. Magarey, who in effect advised the members to wait for the guidance of the board instead ol attempting to guide them. It is hinted, we observe, that the board were privately favour able to the meeting anticipating their re port, and hoped for the passing of a resolution which might enable them to effect a compromise. And why, it will be asked, were the members of the association working so anxiously to procure such a result! Because the defaulting secretary was in a position which rendered him peculiarly liable to temptation, and knew no better? On the contrary, it was because Mr. Walker had no excuse for falling that they strove so zealously to shield them. For he has been a " pattern young man " in Adelaide, the friend and ad viser of the erring; and he is also the son of a clergyman who is abont to celebrate his jubilee as a minister of the Gospel. It will be remembered that when Thorpe, the bank clerk, was convicted in Melbourne of making use of his employer's funds to the extent of £2,000, clergymen and laymen moved heaven and earth to induce the Government to modify or cancel the sentence, because Mr. Thorpe had been a Sunday-school teacher, and should, therefore, have known better. Three sons of clergymen have gone wrong in I South Australia since the present epidemic of embezzling broke out, and Crooke, of the j Commercial Bank, was superintendent of a 1 Sunday-school. And if Christian young men in Adelaide are led to believe that their com- j rades will rally round to fend off the police man when they fall into sin the victims to) temptation may be expected to increase. Bishop Barry has rushed to arms against Sir Alfred Stephen's bill, now before the Legislative Council of New South Wales, which will grant divorce on the grounds of desertion, habitual drunkenness, and crime. A conference has already been held to con cert measures against the innovation. The Primate of Sydney declares that the bill is antagonistic to Christianity, and will lead to the demoralisation of the people. He is opposed, however, by another prominent divine. Dr. Steel, a well-known Presby terian, maintains that it iB in accordance with Scripture, and likely to promote "social morality and domestic comfort." The one regards it as a sign of the fatal tendency of modern states to depart from the Christian faith; the other holds it to afford such relief as a Christian and civilised state ought to give. The one foresees nothing but the growth of immorality; the other hopes that it will be an improvement on thp present 6tate of things. Thus do doctors of divinity differ, not only on abstract doctrines, but on matters of conduct and practice. Of course, the bishop is compelled to admit that there are caseB of genuiue hardship under the present law. Where the husband is a drunkard the wife and family are forced to lead lives of misery, in which there are many temptations that would be avoided if they were alto gether set free. Again, a criminal husband has practically no ties, since he is cut off from society and immured in gaol. Such marriages, therefore, fail to secure any good object. We might go further and say that they work positive harm, because the chil dren are reared in an evil atmosphere. But it is argued that to give relief in such cases would be to make divorce easy, and the mar riage bond lax. The fear is exaggerated. The grounds specified by the bill are very definite, and quite different from the family quarrels and incompatibility of temper for which divorce, is readily granted in some countries. Any one who sought it would have to prove that the husband or wife had fallen into deep degradation. The marriage law, therefore, would be hardly less strict than it is at present/ sad mrght be more just. At any rate, the bishop's alarm seems to be ill-founded. Arthur Robert Ramage Howard has been sentenced to two years' imprisonment for trying to defraud the insurance societies in Christchurch by pretending that he was drowned. There are cases on record, in story books if not in the chronicles oi current events, where men have deceived the world into believing they were dead, and fonnd it impossible to convince the world afterwards that they were practising a joke ; for the world wanted to be rid of them. The case is otherwise with persons who insure their lives before disappearing, and leave the amouut of the policy to be collected by their survivors. So rarely are the insurance oompauies taken in that it is surprising that ingenious persons like Howard do not strike out a new line. The scamps who passed a dying man off on an Adelaide company as a good life, notwith standing their cleverness, were found out in time to be arrested and punished, while, in the recent St Louis case, the conspirators, who first insured their victim and then put him out of the way, were, according to the last accounts, pretty certain of being hanged as mnrderers. Howard, a Christchurch workman, iusured himself for £2,409, a suspiciously large sum, endorsed the policy over to Mrs. Howard, and then ostentatiously left his clothes on the rocks by the sea shore, where bathing was supposed to be dangerous. The insurance companies would not pay np until the body was found, and Howard, who had in the meantime quietly gone off to the northern island, was obliged to return after the lapse of two months, and place a human hand (having his own ring on one of the fingers) on the beach. Thejnterval between the drowning and the finding of the hand was too long for any sauc person to accept the evidence as genuine; and Howard only succeeded in providing the police with the strong scent which enabled them at last to run their quarry to earth. The charge against Howard was proved every inch of the way, but the jury were not sore about Mrs. Howard—other wise Jane Anne Kinnear—although her co operation in the swindle from the beginning was essential to its coming off successfully. She was acquitted along with the two young men who assisted at the finding of the hand on the beach. The carious part of the pro ceedings was the Crown having to prove—the principal charge being one of conspiracy— that Mr. and Mrs. Howard were not man and wife. They were united after the Scotch fashion at aea on a vessel sailing from Glasgow, which the counsel for the defence contended was as good as being married in Scotland itself. Had she been convicted, we shonld have an important deliverance from the Fall Court on a novel point of law. Tbe judge presiding at the trial, in sentencing Howard to two years' imprisonment withont hard labour, regretted that the law did not permit him to award a heavier penalty. The tendency of savage people who have been converted to Christianity to confuse their old faith with the new has jostreceived a striking illustration in Fiji. In old Fijian legend two brothers who had shot the favourite bird of their God—the bird of Jove, —were forced to leave the country, and they sailed from the northern shore of the island of Yiti Levn towards the west, whither no man ever knew. A prophet, however, who rejoices in the high-sounding name of Kuro Snvahadua, has now arisen, and he declares that they went to the land of the white men, who worshipped them under the names of Jehovah and Jesus Christ Thus the Gods of the missionaries are ex plained to be merely old Fijian heroes. But their long absence from the is land is drawing to a close, and they are soon to reappear, when the millennium will begin, and the Fijian race regain its ancient dignity. All who believe in them and listen to their prophet are pro mised immortal life for themselves and tbe resurrection of their ancestors from tbe grave, it is easy to put this down as tbe vapouring of insanity. At tbe same time tbe prophet has taken most methodical measures to extend his views. The women are made to minister in the temple, and the men are regularly drilled in some imitation of tbe European fashion. Thus an organisation has beenspringfngap which could easily have been turned against the settlers had not Govern ment stopped its growth by arresting its bead, and the more intelligent native chiefB stamped out its doctrines in their districts. The de lusion does not seem to have .fonnd any fol lowers except among the mountain tribes ot Viti Leva. These were the last to adopt Christianity, and only submitted to the English anthorittes in 1S7G after, they.bad been defeated in war. Consequently the old ideas still linger among the hills, though they have been entirely forgotten by the population on tbe coast But such a confusion of thought and mingling of old with new is not without many parallels. A similar case occurred in the someplace a few years ago. Only last year some of the Maori tribes were agitated by a like f&naticiBm.; Instances could even be drawn from the early history of Europe, for some of the customs which used to be observed on cbotch festivals had their origin in the Pagan religion of nome and Norway. The mental famishing of a race is but slowly changed. Seldom has any place of amusemenl such dignity and historic renown ub Majesty's Theatre, London, witnessed a s< like thatwhich was enacted thereon the n of Saturday, the 6th March. A certain Carillon had engaged the theatre for a al season of Italian opera, aud had suceef in bringing together a fairly good c pany. The usual opera season in 1 don is fropi May to July or August, the manager seems to have made a i take in thinking that he could draw c houses so early in the year. On the nigh question, however, the theatre, especial] the cheaper parts, was crowded. The opera selected was1' Faust," and the first two acts were well received. Then came a long delay. The audience grew impatient and vented their feelings in the usual manner. Half an hour passed, and the up roar became deafening. There was evi dently something Bcriously wrong, and pit and gallery resounded with shouts of " Ex planation." Presently the conductor and the orchestra appeared, though it was noticed that several of the latter were absent from their places. The curtain drew up, and an attempt was made by the performers to go through their parts. The noise and calls for an explanation, how ever, continued aud most of the act was inaudible. Then came another ominona pause, during which the disturbance increased. The conductor with a few of the orchestra turned up and attempted to piny, hat as the noise continued they nt length re tired. Finally the stage manager came before the curtain and revealed the true 6late of the case. The company had not been paid, and the carpenters had reluscd to set the scene. The curtain was then drawn up, and the stage was found to be filled with workmen and scene-shifters, with a few of the soldiers and peasant girls in their opera costumes. These unfortunates came to the footlights, exclaiming that they had not been paid aud must starve, and asking for money. Some money, chiefly coppers, was thrown to them, and eagerly scrambled for, aud the theatre was Boon emptied. Several ot the London papers, moralising upon the affair, see in it the downfall of Italian opera in London ; but the moral rather seems to be that an impecunious aud irresponsible person ought not to be entrusted with the management of such a theatre as Iler Majesty's, in whose long and chequered history there has probably never been as ignominious an episode as that which marked the close of M. Carillon's brief period of management Through the courtesy of Cardinal Manning we have received a copy of the Encyclical letter recently addressed by Pope Leo XIII. to the Catholic clergy on the Christian con stitution of states. Civil rulers derive their whole authority from God, in accordance with whose laws they are bidden to discharge their functions for the welfare of the citizens Prominent among the duties of the state is made that of a "public profession" of the Christian faith, which, as it is taught by the church, is said to be convincingly demon strated by a multitude of proofs. For the rest its sphere is strictly limited to secular matters, while the mission of the church is first the "eternal salvation of soulsand, secondly, to ameliorate the manners of men and mediate in their disputes. In the rightly constituted state the rights of citizens would be defended by Divine as well as hy human law, and the duties of every one would be clearly marked out The letter then goes on to lament that since the sixteenth century states have not been governed in accordance with the philosophy of the Gospel, but have been subject to a fatal passion for innovation and false maxims of liberty. Democracy, consequently, finds no favour in the eyes of the Pope. It is nothing but a "multitude, mistress and governor of itself," not deeming itself bound by any kind of duty towards religion. Hence he argues that evil consequences necessarily follow. He complains bitterly of the treat ment which the church has experienced on the continent The civil powers take mar riage under their jurisdiction, lay their bands on the goods of the clergy, regard the church as an ordinary society, and threaten it with complete separation from the state. On the other hand freedom of thinking is carried to such an extreme that even sedition is openly justified. In these circumstances the Ency clical exhorts all Catholics to take their opinions from the Holy See, especially in re gard to the liberties which ore now claimed by the people. Concerning their action they are advised to take part in national politics, that they may do what in them lies to pre vent the infliction of injury to the church. Finally, they are commanded to bury their differences, and work unitedly for the one etd. Mr. Labouchere's motion for the abolit of the House of Lords, though it received unexpected support, is not to be taken < seriously. The editor of Truth, who, some one pointed -out, lives hy chronidi the doings of the aristocracy, is too II pant in speech and temperament to d with such a serious question. Neverthele some of his points were strongly made a telling. His description of the House DordB at an ordinary sitting as consisting one peer addreaing half a dozen othe until, at the dinner-hour, they suddet vanished like ghosts, Is, unfortunately, r much exaggerated. He does not believe tfc the Upper House Is recruited from the era of the nation. On the contrary, it is t " bores and nuisances" of the Commons w are "kicked upstairs." The new peers a generally chosen from wealthy men wl have bought largo estates, and who a not content with a baronetcy. "It wou be almoBt a cruelty to animals to refu anyone a baronetcy," pleaded the bonot able member, and millionaries require moi and become hereditary legislators; wh< they at once cease to think of the shop ai begin to talk of the Plantageneta. This a state of things that may afford much hoi to some of our self-made Australians wl are credited with hankering after beredita honours, a title, and a pedigree. M Ubouchere then went on to rail at tl number of official places which are filled I noblemen. One is paid for looking after tl Queen's dog?, another for taking-care of fa horses, and bo on. But this is not all fc they have rdatives, who also desire to Ut\ the state. Since 1855 each duke, acwdfr to an elaborate computation, has had I Sr ^ tplace* m' Labouche* however, aoes not think that only one | should be allowed tbe toxur^n^ Other people have relatiops,attdwanttor I as well and as comfortably us they can. a, 1 course there would be no financial L: in turning out noblemen to makew7* the brothers, cousins, sod eupportera 0| tat minent Hadicals, though the latter »w enjoy the change. The difficulty Twi forming the Honse of Lords wag tretw rightly. It could be swamped by the of 300 new peers, and there am 300 of the Lower House who have '''sisJJ patriotism to attend to Ihe order of ju country and sacrifice themselves in thu way." Tbe vote that followed mint be«. gardcd as evidence of a growing desire hg reform. It is true that a majority oj tbe hereditary Legislature pay little attentien to their duties. It is true, also, that the House of Lords is strongly partisan, and ha never tried to hold the balance between % two parties, ^tut reform to a very diHereat thing from abolition. It would be an evil day for England if the Second Chamber wen removed, and her destinies were committed to tbe stormy arbitrament of tbe Home el Commons alone. In November last, at the invitation of th. AuBtrian Government an International Con. ference was held in Vienna for the punZ of establishing a universal Musical PifcT This, as most persons are aware, hot Ion. been a desideratum; for there ought, ok viously, to be a common agreement amour musicians all over the world as to wh« musical note should be indicated by a ce^ musical sign. Hitherto, however, there hai been no such agreement, and the standard of pitch, that is to say the number of aerial vibrations executed in a given time, bag varied at different periods and in different countries. Thns, from the time of down to the death of Beethoven, the pitch ordinarily used for the treble C ranged from 500 to 53a Since then it has risen, in England at least, to about 540. But the pitch estab lished by law in France is 435 double vibrations in a second, which is equivalent to 517; while 512 have been regarded as a philosophical pitch. At the conference referred to Austria, Hungary, Italy, Prussia, Russia, Saxony, Sweden, and Wortemberg were all represented. England was not Neither were Belgium and Spain, which have adopted the French pitch. After sitting for four dayB, and giving the question the fullest consideration, the conference vmani. moualy adopted the following resolution "There shall be one single international normal musical pitch note. This normal pitch note shall be that A which is deter mined by 870 simple vibrations in a second [that is, the French Diapason Normal of 435 double vibrations in a second]. To re present this pitch note, a normal tuning-fed; shall be constructed so as to give the normal note at a temperature of 15deg. Centigrade [= 59deg. Fahrenheit, as used in England, and 12deg. Reaumur, as much used in Ger many], being the temperature for which the French Diapason Normal was constructed" The Conference proposes that the accept ance and introduction of. the normal pitch note be universal and obligatory in all the countries represented at it, and that no tuning-forks shall be used which have not been tested and stamped. Virtually the whole of continental Europe has now adopted this pitch, and it only remains for English speaking countries to give in their adhesion to it, and thus secure its world-wide usage. The advantages of this uniformity are too obvious to be insisted upon. So much has been said and written about e " three acres and a cow" policy of Mem tamberiain and Codings that it may be in resting to see in what way the advocates the scheme proposed to carry ont their ews. An Allotments and Small Holdings II was introdnced into the Ilouse of immons by Mr. Jesse Codings, which, if tried, would effect a complete revolution in e condition of landed property in England, uadly stated, the effect of it is to empore rporations, local boards, and boards of lardians to compel landowners to sell to em as much of their land as the local dies may think fit to purchase at (he price rich, in tbe opinion of a County Cout dge, a willing vendor would accept from » tiling purchaser. Tbe act is to apply to fir taole of England and Wales, except London, rich is probably excluded with a view of saraing agooddealof opposition. Charchcs, spels, schools, public buildings, and ines or quarries are exempted from 'Wer of seizure by the local authorities aving obtained the land these bodies mtf II or lease itin "small holdings," that is, allotments of not less than oue nor 0°" so 40 acres. It seems, in fact, that the cal bodies are to have power to do almost 1 they like with the land compulssrilfw luntarifysold to them. The purchase money to be borrowed on the security of the rates, that in many eases the landowners wui ntribute tire funds with which they be paid. A more extraordinary and ends jus measure of confiscation has prolate tvet been submitted to an English Pv"'' ent There Is, of course, no chonce of 1 dog passed by the House of Commons "Jibing like its present shape, hot «■ icb a bill should be introdnced is s'S" nt of tbe lengths to which agrarian rmem are prepared to go. te late strike of the railway and out* in America forms someoi ^ trkable chapters in of Ijr everything tbst happens m qo is, and strikes and labour ptiontotherule. ^^e*Eptto lura has Just made a gallan11 and ihe great republic in this r0perty oss of life and destruction ^ ugtbe late Belgian nota *ere tw « ^ b America. Still consWering tn^ which they extended, en who took pftft mthem. an® of the property affected the disturbances in America were among the " biggest" on re cord. It is computed that over 60,000 men were i0ut of work, and the movement extended over a large portion of the States, and even ' reached Canada. The cause of the struggle : wa9 a demand by the emploute for higher wages and shorter hours. An attempt was made by that somewhat mysterious organise tion, the Knights of .Labour, to get up a general strike throughout the States, but, ; according to the latest news, the matters in dispute have been referred to arbitration. Although it is much to be regretted that society should from lime to time be disturbed by these struggles between capital and labour, we must recognise the fact that they are the inevitable accompaniment of the system of rings and syndicates, which lias attained larger dimensions in the United States than in any other country. The rail, ways and telegraphs are in the hands of a small number of capitalists, and there iB a tendency to a similar concentration of other branches of business in a few hands. The consequence of this is an absence of that competition for labour which prevails else where, ana a facility for forming vast combi nations to regulate wages and prices, which, if allowed to proceed unchecked, would not only reduce the labouring classes to a condition approximating to serfdom, but would place the public generally entirely at the mercy of a few capitalists. This tendency for the control of all industrial undertakings to be monopolised by a handful ot men is one of the most marked features in the American Republic, and it is no doubt in a great measure due to the fact that the Government stands aloof from all audi undertakings, and confines itself to keeping the peace between conflicting interests. It may be that this is better than the opposite extreme of centralising everything in the hands of the Government, bnt it is a policy that renders disturbances in the relations of capital and labour more frequent and 