Ik fßvtölmnc satin car no dis P». FRIDAY, AUGUST 6, 1886. Sir In the Legislative Assembly, yesterday, Mr. Murphy presented a petition from pastoral lessees of the Crown, asking for thirty years' leases of the resumed portions of their runs, and for a fixed maximum rental. Mr. Moreton said he expected the ship- ment of Californian seed corn to arrive in a day or two, but the Government had not yet decided on what basis it should be distributed. Sir S. W. Griffith said no account had been received from the Geographical Society of Australasia of the £1000 contributed by Queensland in aid of its New Guinea Exploration Expedition. Ministers also stated that the survey of the railway line beyond Charleville, which had been unavoidably delayed, would shortly be proceeded with again and that the construction of the telegraph line is delayed until the railway route is fixed. Mr. Hill's motion for the production of certain Executive Council minutes was agreed to. The following bills were read a third time and passed -Justices, Elections Act of 1885 Amendment, Mineral Oils. The Mineral Land (Coal Mining) Bill was partly considered in committee. The House adjourned at 5.55 until Tuesday. One evening, we suppose, Horace, most charming of poeta-the swine, as he called himself, of the Epicurean herd-went out to dinner. (This was when the poet had not the hot youth he owned to in the Consulship of Plaucus.") The meats and drinks were excellent, the guests, the dancing girls, most agreeable. It was when he got back home, after a cooling walk through the night, and reviewed the evening's festivities in his most pleasant and philosophic spirit, that he wrote the well-known aphorism, Bulee est designers in loco via sweet to put off wisdom now and then." After this he went to bed and slept. When, however, he woke in the morning and found he had a pretty warm store of asses, or coppers, together with the undoubted possession of a caput, or head, it is probable that his pleasant philosophising look a more sombre tone, and the " 'Tis sweet to put off wisdom now and then " sounded more like " If a man plays the fool at night, he pays the piper for it in the morning." Our good mayor, touched to the hearty the appreciative anticipations of all the Terpsichorean-minded damsels and matrons of the city, a little emulous, too, of the im- perishable glory that has descended upon his contemporary in Sydney mindful, moreover, of that celebrated silvery cradle given in honour of one who, it is probable, will some day be forming Terp- anchored aspirations of her own-our good mayor determined that he would give a ball. It was not to be an ordinary ball. It was not to he even an ordinary mayoral ball. It was to be a ball that was to be also (like Newton's discovery of gravitation, or Darwin's " Origin of Species ") an event, a sort of high-water mark, in fact, of the social perfection to which we have attained here. Moreover, it was to give the fullest opportunities to that fine taste and delicate imagination for which Australians already enjoy a world-wide, or, at any rate, an England wide, reputation. It was to be a fancy dress ball). The mayoral wisdom was to be put off for a time. The severe duties and anxieties of civic official existence were to he ignored. The gleaming intelligence of the members of the corporation was to be toned down to the level of the lovely and the idyllic. Cincinnatus and Washington were to appear before a charmed and select audience as the Shepherd of Arcadia and the Troubadour of Provence, or, as a profane person should put it, Dogberry and Bottom were to cut a caper as Charle- magne and Richard Coaur-de-Lion. Then there were the ladies. Mary Queen of Scots was once more to steal away the hearts of men. (Cleopatra's toilet unfortunately rendered her a little ineligible, or the serpent of old Nile" would beyond question, have been a great favourite in such a snake-favoured country as ours is.) Altogether, there was to be a delightful, a delicious outpouring of that guileless and romantic feeling which may still confidently be said to flutter some degrees north of the abdominal regions of even a member of the Brisbane Corporation. In their young days they had played at lords and ladies with their sisters, and still nicer, with the sisters of other people, and now they would do it again, the other people's wives and daughters being, as it were thrown in. This is not the place to enter upon a description of the results. Civic dignity put off its wisdom (which is, as we all know, an Atlantean load), and that, we are told, is sweet. The little play has been played delightfully and deliciously. Cincinnatus and Washington, and Mary Queen of Scots, and (we had almost said) Cleopatra, have paraded, and eaten, and drunken, and danced, and flirted, and nothing now remains but to read the account of it and pay the bills. Thus passes the glory of the world," sighs Cincinnatus on whose shoulders the latter operation is wont to fall. " This is the high road to the stars," answers Cleopatra, whose dress was the most remarkable at the ball. " After this," cries Washington, whose digestion is not ideal-not the deluge, but what's quite as bad-" The Doctor !" " Such, however," observes the Philosopher, " is life in general and mayors' balls in particular." And that concludes it. The Divisional Boards Acts Amending Bill is a large measure, occupying with its schedules no less than sixty-three foolscap pages. It is still less bulky, however, than the Local Government Act of 1878, upon which, for practical purposes, it is in many ways an improvement. The Local Government Act was adapted from the still more complex statute in force in Victoria, and it made some amendments in our law of ten years ago, which were not improvements, while a multitude of details were altered apparently for the mere sake of change. These latter, however, were adopted almost in their entirety from the Victorian system, which was the most advanced of any in Australia. Among the most noticeable changes then made were those with reference to the preparation of municipal rolls, the limitation of loans, and the system of permitting ratepayers desiring to prevent borrowing to call for an expression of opinion by plebiscite. The roll provisions have proved altogether too complicated for municipalities in this colony, and much annoyance has resulted from the clause which disfranchises for twelve months every ratepayer who by inadvertence fails to pay his rates before 1st November. The old Municipalities Act qualified to vote every person who had paid his rates at noon on the day of nomination. That provision had worked well, had been a useful means of collecting rates, and had not been productive of any inconvenience. It was therefore adopted in the Divisional Boards Act of 1879, and, we are glad to observe, is retained in the Consolidating Bill now before the Assembly, as is also the system of voting by a simple list prepared by the chairman from the rate-books, instead of by a roll prepared in the Parliamentary mode. The plebiscite provisions, however, appear in the new bill, and we observe them with regret, partly because they are no real check upon improvident borrowing, and partly because we believe the plebiscite system re- pugnant to the fundamental principle of representative government. The bill, in clauses 247-255, contains ample provisions against reckless borrowing, and we therefore hope the plebiscite clauses will be negatived in Committee of the Whole. The bill as a whole contains few new features, but, as explained by the Premier on Tuesday last, it corrects, defines, and amplifies the powers conferred by the Acts which it repeals. There can be no question as to the advisableness of sweeping from our Statute-book the three almost incomprehensible old Acts which relate to tolls, or of incorporating in the new bill the provisions of the Closure of Roads Act, and of the Divisional Boards Drainage Act carried through a year or two ago on the motion of Mr. Stevens. One can only regret that the principle of repealing obsolete and quixotic statutes is not proposed to be carried much further. There are in Cooper's "Statutes," at least two dozen Acts bearing upon local government in a variety of ways which are no longer of the least utility as they stand, but whose provisions might be beneficially modified and included among the local government statutes. At the same time we admit that the new bill bears evidence of much thought and care, and of an intelligent appreciation of the varying circumstances of the colony. The measure will not be by any means a final one, but so far as it goes it will be one of the most valuable on the Statute-book. There are some clauses, however, which will need a good deal of consideration Committee of the Whole. We are glad that what are called the petition clauses of the Local Government Act have not been incorporated in the bill, and that no attempt has been made to specifically limit the power of the Governor-in-Council in regard to the reconstitution or severance of divisions or the alteration of boundaries. At the same time intelligent principles of adjustment and readjustment have been laid down, and no apprehension need be felt of an unwise use of the large powers confided to the Governor-in-Council. In Part III. some judicious alterations have been made, and the introduction from the Local Government Act of the " Ouster from Office " provisions will meet a long-felt want. Some improvements in matters of detail have also been made in the election provisions, although we cannot but regret that the plan adopted in the 1882 Act, of relegating these provisions to the schedule, has been departed from in the new bill, and that and in consequence its bulk has been unnecessarily increased. These provisions occupy 84 out of the total of 289 clauses of the bill. In Part XL, relating to the powers and duties of the board, a very obvious improvement has been made on the existing Acts, by collecting from them all clauses relating to the subject, and supplementing them by the additional powers given to municipalities under the Local Government Act. The noxious weed provisions, as Sir S. W. Griffith explained, give the boards power over all lands, instead of as at present over lands within two chains on either side of public roads. This matter was discussed at length in 1882, and the Treasurer of the day declared that for revenue considerations unlimited power in this respect could not be granted over Crown lands. Nor do we think it can be safely given now. There are enormous areas of unoccupied and absolutely useless Crown lands in some divisions, but they produce abundance of weeds, and if each board chooses to clear them at the cost of the Treasury, it will be difficult to determine what is a reasonable expense. Under these provisions there will be a grand opportunity for the Belyando Board, for instance, to declare spinifex a noxious weed, and permanently maintain an army of men for the purpose of eradicating it. It has been said that the Marsupials Act has created a new industry which lives on the general taxpayer, and the noxious weed provisions of the Divisional Boards Bill, as they now stand, would create a new industry of appalling magnitude. The new valuation clause appears on the whole to be an improvement, although it is to be regretted that it is still complicated by special provisions as to homestead, conditional, and grazing selections. It is rather surprising that the Premier has at length seen the necessity of facing the popular cry against the taxation of improvements, which while he remained in opposition was used by his party in such a way as almost to make legislation impossible. In making the valuation, a deduction of one-half the value of the improvement is required by the present Act, but instead of that the bill provides that the annual value of property shall be a sum equal to two-thirds of the rent at which the same might be reasonably expected to let from year to year." Under this amendment, improvements will be taxed, as they ought to be, at precisely the same rate as the land itself, and we congratulate he Ministerial party on the progress towards common-sense opinions which the Premier's recognition of this fact evidences. The distinction drawn by the new bill between unimproved and fully improved land is also a good one. It 13 substantially the same as both those approved of in the abortive Local Government Bill of last year. It recognises the principle that if improved land will not yield 5 per cent rent upon its capital value, its annual value shall be assessed at two-thirds the rent it may be reasonably expected to yield. This is a far better method than the present one, which was necessitated by a childish cry against the taxation of improvements, because it is obviously just that if improvements are calculated to yield increased rent, they should contribute proportionately increased quota to the taxation ; whereas, if they are not calculated to increase rent, it would be a hardship to load them with additional burdens. The endowment clause appears at first sight to limit the term of the double endowment, but it is in fact only a reproduction of the existing law, which enables boards to claim two pounds for each pound raised by rates for ten years from the date of the first constitution of the division. The bill, therefore, re-commit the Government to the double endowment for three years longer, or until 1890, when it may be presumed the Treasury contribution will have to be reduced to pound for pound. The remaining parts of the bill make alterations in point of details only. We can only repeat that it is a good bill, but whether a consolidating measure might not have been, judiciously deferred for another year, and necessary amendments only been dealt with, this session, is a matter on which opinions will differ. Local government with us is in a condition of development, and will not have approached finality for some years to come "Whatever the defects of the existing law, they are now pretty well understood, but the passing of the new bill will render the law uncertain to most persons for a considerable time to come. Still, on the whole, we think that the bill under notice is worthy of a place on the Statute-book, and ought to pass without very material alteration, and without too tedious discussion. We are glad to find by the resolutions passed at the meeting of the Federated Sear men's Union last night, that the men here are not taking the foolish stand assumed by the Sydney Union when they refused to entertain the idea of a conference. The meeting here only claimed that the offer to have a conference should have come from the Masters' Association, and we think they are right. An agreement existed which the masters terminated by a simple notice. They then served a further notice that they intended to make a serious reduction of wages without offering the representatives of the men an opportunity of discussing the matter. It is true that they set forth reasons for their action in a formal manifesto, which was something of the nature of an ultimatum. That manifesto is open, as we have already pointed out, to considerable discussion, and it is not improbable that a conference held with an honest desire to arrive at facts would result in an understanding. If a conference is held and the owners can show that the case is really as they put it-that the reduction of wages is necessary, and that the intercolonial trade cannot be carried on without it, and if then the sea- men determine to strike, the public sympathy will go against them. But the sea- men have a right to receive the explanation, and unless it is offered the masters will be in the wrong. In fact, if it were not for the senseless declaration of the Sydney union that they will not have a conference, the Owners' Association would now be in an entirely false position, for they have acted almost as if they desired to provoke a strike We strongly recommend the local union to endeavour to induce the Sydney branch to withdraw from their rash determination, and to obtain a general agreement to hold a conference. It is far better to talk over the causes of quarrel before fighting, than to hold the conference later on when all minds are aflame with the fury of the struggle and masters and men have heavy losses to bewail. THERE not being a quorum in the Legislative Council yesterday afternoon at 4 p.m., the Presiding Chairman adjourned the House until Wednesday next. Only one member more would have made up the required number. The sitting of the Assembly yesterday west only a brief one. The chief subject discussed was the Coal Mining Bill, and the House adjourned at six o'clock until Tuesday at the usual hour. On that day the bills will be taken in the following order Employers' Liability j. Opium Traffic Regulation ; Local Authorities (Joint Action) ; Elections Tribunal, It will be remembered that when the wheat crops of the colony were found to be suffering be severely from blight, the Premier telegraphed to California, through Messrs. Alfred Shaw and Co., for a consignment of seed corn to supply in part the place of the infested, grain. The demand for a share of this has been much greater than was anticipated, as for the 200 bushels ordered there are no less than. 150 applicants, hailing principally from the Moreton, Darling Downs, and Wide Bay districts. The shipment is expected in port to-day, but the Government have not yet decided on what basis distribution is to be made. When the Minister for Mines, Air. Miles, agreed, in compliance with the request of the Maryborough deputation, to introduce a bill to give greater facilities to persons desirous of prospecting Crown lands for coal, he little know what a horde of banditti he was in trust ing himself to. There is no satisfying them at all. Whatever the Government have conceded they ask for more, and the present condition of the bill is simply a state of chaos, such chaos, too, that it may well become members to whom the bill is generally acceptable to consider whether it would not be better to let well alone, and take what is offered, on the chance that otherwise they may lose all. The Government maintained its position yesterday afternoon in reference to the limit of the prospecting license ; but they were defeated on the amount to be charged as rent for the second year, a majority deciding to reduce that from. Is. to 6d. an acre. Now Mr. Mellor has a very discursive, but also very vague, amendment before the committee in regard to additional grants being given for deep sinking ; while Mrs Hill has given notice to reduce the royalty from 3d to 6d. per ton. Six o'clock intervened on a very considerable state of confusion, Mr. Norton having also notified an amendment,, giving privileges to prospectors either under the old or the new law. The bill, it may be notified, is not one of those set down for resumption of consideration on Tuesday. What has become of the £1000 which the Government of this colony granted towards the expenses of the expedition to New Guinea which was despatched by the Geographical Society of Australasia, whose headquarters are in Sydney, to explore that country last year. The matter was mentioned at the recent annual meeting of the Queensland Geographic cal Society, but that body had to acknowledge that it had no right to inquire where the money had gone, as it was not in existence when the grant was made, and had nothing to do with the assistance being given. But the Ministry are in a different position. They are solely responsible for the grant, having made it without the sanction of Parliament, though that sanction was afterwards obtained ; yet the Premier says that, though he has asked for an account, none has been vouchsafed. The public will think that the Ministry, having undertaken the duty of assisting the expedition, they will also, as a further act of duty, see that the money has been properly applied to the purposes of that expedition. When Mr. Hill's motion for the production of the Executive minutes passed by the late Mcilwraith Government during the last four days of their term of office was mentioned by the Speaikcrinthe Asserohlyyestorday afternoon the Premier called out, "Not formal," not, as was evident afterwards, that the Ministry meant to oppose it, but because probably of its unusual nature, and to give the members of the late Ministry who were present on opportunity of expressing their opinion upon it. Mr. Hill, in moving his motion at a later period, acknowledged that it was unusual, but tried to justify it, like he has done other recent actions of his, by hinting at certain things which he had heard rumoured outside the House. No one seemed to take any interest in his suspicions because perhaps they have had enough of them and the motion was allowed to pass in silence. Mr. Macrossan has given the first formal notice for a debate on the separation question in the Assembly. The notice of motion is to the effect that in consequence of the increase of population, the difficulty of administration, and other circumstances, in the Northern portion of the colony, the time has arrived for carrying out the changes contemplated by the Duke of Newcastle's despatches in 1889 and 1861, and that an address be presented to the Queen, praying her to cause the Northern portion of the colony to be erected into a separate and independent colony endowed with representative institutions. The date fixed by the hon. member for the motion is the 19th in- stant ; but the debate need not necessarily take place on that day. Probably the Government will fix a special day for the debate, which is sure to be important in its character. A TELEGRAM from Cairns has been sent to this office stating that much indignation is felt there in consequence of the neglect shown towards the railway employes, some of whom have suffered for want of proper medical attendance. It is also stated that the rate of railway construction is unsatisfactory, and the works are not progressing in a proper manner. On inquiry we learn that the Commissioner for Railways has received information on the subject, and has requested the Chief Engineer to report further forthwith. Tub Colonial Treasurer has received a letter from the Right Rev. Dr. Dunne, Roman Catholic Bishop of Brisbane, enclosing a cheque for £7 placed in his hands to be forwarded to the Colonial Treasurer as " restitution for unauthorised dealing with Government property." In Chambers on Wednesday, before his Honour Sir Charles Lilley, CJ., Mr. O. B. Lilley, for the plaintiff, applied for leave to sign final judgment in the matter of Ward v. Lyon ; Mr. Cooper, for the defendant, appeared to oppose. Judgment was given for £8 10a. admitted that sum to be paid into court in three days, with leave to defend as to the re- mainder, the balance £53 10s. to be paid into court, or security given to the satisfaction of the registrar for that amount, otherwise judgment. There were only two cases disposed of in the District Court yesterday. Alfred Henry Higginson, late paymaster of the Marine Defence Force, was acquitted on a charge of mis- applying public moneys, and Patrick Power was sentenced to two years' hard labour in Brisbane Gaol for assaulting Daniel Barrett at Woolloongabba, The cases still to be heard are Joseph Lamb, alias Daniel O'Connor, indecent assault ; John J. Pascoe, two charges of larceny ; John Pedro, John Francis, George Mazza, and George Singh, burglary ; Patrick Doyle, indecent assault ; David Moran, assault and robbery ; Peter London, indecent assault and John Gillespie, larceny from the person. The Civil Sittings of the court have been further adjourned until Monday. At the inquiry yesterday into the death of the old man, Patrick Sullivan, it transpired that at the time he was knocked down by the tram he was accompanied by a man who is now missing. The police, we are informed, have made every effort to find this person, but he far, they have been unsuccessful and considering the contradictory nature of the evidence as to his description, they will have some difficulty, The passengers on the tram at the time of the accident have given his height as fully 6ft., while one of the witnesses at the inquiry, who spoke to the man at the time of the accident, stated that he was not more than 5ft, It is difficult to conceive this man's reason for not making himself known, but should he be found, his evidence will, no doubt, throw some light upon the cause of the / accident. AT the sittings of the Petty Debts Court yesterday morning, before Messrs. R. D. Neil- son and R. A. Jarman, JJ.P., the following defended cases were disposed of :- Wm. Healion -v Thos. Hall, claim 26 4s. 2d., for goods sold ; a verdict was given for the plaintiff for £5 4s. 2d. without costs. Geo. Lewis v. J. Newman, claim £1 5s ; for goods sold ; a verdict entered for the plaintiff for amount claimed, together with 5s. costs. Field and De Gruchy v. Wm. Hampson, jun., claim £1 3s. 10d., for goods sold ; the plaintiff did not appear ; a verdict was entered for the defendant with 10s. 6d. costs. D. Morse v. Ed. Moran, claim £5, being balance on sale of horse and van ; a verdict was given for the defendant with 10s. costs. J. Moffatt v. J. Lyons, interpleader summons ; Mr. Smith for the execution creditor, and Mr. Porter for claimant (Joseph Brood). The case was adjourned until 17th August £1 Is. costs allowed to execution creditor. Mr. John- Kennedy, of this city, has received several samples of gold-bearing quartz obtained from a reef at Boonoohoonoo, in New South Wales, twenty-four miles from Stanthorpe, and half-a-mile from the main road between that town and Tenterfield. The quartz is honeycombed, and is of a bluish colour, showing gold freely. The reef, which is 9in. thick and is 5ft. below the surface, was worked about twenty years ago. The present proprietors are Mr. M'Quaker, an old resident of South Brisbane, and who has lived in Stanthorpe for fourteen years, and a man named Pascoe. Mr. M'Quaker is taking the sample of quartz to Mr. R. Mar for analysis, and he proposes to send one ton to Gympie to be crushed. Mr. Mason (contractor for the Beenleigh railway line) and Mr. Brown (of the Commercial Hotel, Tenterfield) also own a reef a mile from McQuaker. Nothing has yet been discovered which would warrant a rush. The contents of the stomach of the late Dr. O'Sullivan have been analysed by the Government analyst, who reports that he has found a small quantity of morphia. Advices have been received from India to the effect that two of the British- India Steam Navigation Company's boats have left with 500 tons of wheat each, half of which is for Hobart and the balance for Adelaide, Sydney, and Brisbane. Freight room for 1000 tons more had been secured by steamers leaving a few days later. No. 1 Club Cawnpore is quoted at 3s. per [bushel of 60lbs" cut, freight, and insurance, landed in the colonies. These operations will, it is anticipated, have the effect of lowering South Australian values, whore Dunn and Co. quote wheat at 1s. 8d. sides. lOd. f.o.b. respectively at Adelaide and Port Augusta, In order that an idea may be formed of the regular ferry traffic it may be mentioned that 100.0 tickets are issued monthly for use on the three corporation ferries. As regards the steam ferry it appears that the monthly receipts show an average of from 20,000 to 25,000 fares. ON the 3rd instant the water in the Enoggera reservoir was 2ft. Glin, below the bywash, and on the 4th instant it had risen to 2ft. GJin. The water from Gold Creek, which has lately been turned into the city mains, has not been as good as it might be, owing to the tar and other impurities in the pipes ; but as the pressure is now 50lb. to the square inch in the mains at Parish's corner it is anticipated that a great improvement in the quality of the water will be effected. The following changes among police-magi- strates and wardens have been decided upon : Mr. B. Cribb, P.M , Rockhampton, to be P.M. Maryborough; Mr. G. Lukin, PM. and warden, Gympie, to be P.M. and warden at Rockhampton; Mr. W. Hodgkinson, relieving police-magistrate, to be P.M. and gold warden at Gympie ; Mr. B. Buttenshaw, PM., Maryborough, to be relieving police magistrate; Major Lewis, P.M., Geraldton, to be P.M. at Aramac, vice Mr. E. F, Craven, already removed to Gayndah ; Mr. W. S. Walsh, P.M. and sub-collector of Customs at Cardwell, to be P.M. and sub-collector at Geraldton, but to periodically visit Cardwell as P.M. and sub-collector. The tender of Buckley and Whitton has been accepted for the additions to the Colonial stores, the amount being £403. " HAMLET " will be produced at the Theatre Royal this evening, this being the third of the revivals of the works of the great playwright during the present season. It is acknowledged now that the way in which these plays are to be made modern successes is to embellish them in every way that art can suggest, due attention being at the same time given to the language of the author and the actions it illustrates, so that the scenic effects may add to but not overshadow the other branch. Every preparation has been made to render "Hamlet" as great a success as its predecessors have admittedly been New scenery and dresses are provided, and the Ghost effects are announced to be entirely novel. Mr. W. J. Holloway's Hamlet is well-known, and the company should support him in a way to secure a fine representation of the tragedy on the lines laid down above. A largely attended mass meeting of sea- men, wharf labourers, and cooks and stewards was held at the Freethought Hall last night, at which it was resolved to resist to the utter- most the proposal of the Steamship Owners' Association of Australasia to reduce the wages of seamen and firemen employed on vessels engaged in intercolonial trade. The proceedings, which were marked by unanimity and order, were brought to a close by the seamen according a vote of thanks to the wharf labourers and cooks and stewards for their co-operation in the matter. The members of the Queensland Intercolonial Rugby Team, with three exceptions, arrived here yesterday morning by the steamer Rockton, which reached the A.S.N. Company's wharf at about half-past 12 o'clock. There were a large number of friends on the wharf, who gave " our boys a most enthusiastic welcome. An adjournment was made to the Metropolitan Hotel, where the health of the team was drunk in bumpers of champagne. The team will be banqueted to- morrow evening. A coiuussroNDBNT writes :-" Among dog stories the following deserves to be chronicled : A Air. Bowler, a resident at Oxley, recently bought a dray horse from a man living at some distance. To his surprise a young yellow cattle dog followed the horse, accompanied him to his new home, and would, on no terms, be persuaded to leave him, The horse fully responded to the affection of his canine friend. He lowers his head gently to receive the dog's caresses. He quite understands the dog's sentiments, and seems to like to fool his friend standing on his hind paws, and leaning against his legs, a favourite habit with the dog. They play together in the paddock, trudge steadily together through the day's work, feed together, and sleep together; a more marked case of Damon and Pythias sentiment has never occurred among what we are pleased to term, the inferior creation. Ruth-like the dog left home and friends to follow the chief object of his affection. It will be remembered that the police took charge of the two destitute sons of John Cahill, whose dead body was found floating in the river on the 10th July last. After some little delay the youngest boy was placed in the Nudgee Orphanage, and the other, being above the age at which children are admitted into such institutions, was taken into the service of Bishop Dunne. The only effects left by the deceased, who was a widower, were a shovel and a hammer. These were put up for sale by auction, in Mr. Dunn's auction mart, by a constable, who, at a convenient time, enlisted the sympathy of a crowd of persons present in the welfare of the orphans, with the result that £3 55\. was bid for the articles. The amount obtained was sufficient to provide each boy with a comfortable suit of clothes. At the monthly meeting of the Royal Society, to be held this evening, papers will be read dealing with the following subjects : Fossil remains of the marsupial lion (Thyra cole) ; the existence of cobalt in the colony ; the introduction of English freshwater fish into Queensland waters ; breeding habits of the " Jabira ;" the occurrence of an important edible fish in Moreton Bay. A MOST enjoyable evening was spent on Tuesday last, at Bulimba, being the occasion of the opening of a new lodge connected with the Manchester Unity Independent Order of Oddfellows, which will be known in future as the Loyal Pride of Bulimba." The officers of the Brisbane District, assisted by the Grand Master of the Order, Mr. W. Dawson, performed the ceremonies usual on such occasions. The new lodge starts with a membership roll of fifteen, all being new to the order, and in addition to those there are about a dozen members belonging to the various metropolitan lodges who have signified their intention of drawing their clearances and joining the new lodge, as it is in close proximity to their homes. The election of officers took place immediately after the opening ceremonies, resulting in P.G. Negus, of the Loyal Hope of the Valley Lodge, being elected to the position of N.G., Bro. F. Oatley, of the same lodge, as V.G., Bro. J. T. Wright as E.S., and Bro. D. Denholm, as financial secretary. P.G.M. Blunt was appointed G.M. of the lodge by Prov. G.M. Gee, The installation of the officers was performed by the Grand Master of the Order, and after the disposal of a few formal matters an adjournment was made to a supper, laid out by Bro. Denholm, in his workshop, underneath the lodgeroom, to which full justice was done. 