BOXING DAY AMUSEMENTS. It is in many respects a fortunate circum stance that Boxing Day is always more remark able for its theatrical attractions than for its outdoor sports, as tho weather is often at tho best cloudy and unsettled. At the same tune, there is one event of great importance the suc cess of which depends entirely upon the weather, and that is tho midsummer meeting of the A. J. Ulub at Kandwick, for which a line programme lias been prepared. Ou tho AssociationSJG round play between tho junior teams of Victoria aud of this colony will begin at noon, and near at hand is the Zoological Society's Ground, which is rapidly growing into one of tho centres of interest on our public holidays. Sportsmen will visit Malouu's running grounds at Tempo, or, roam ing further alield, pleasure-takers may attend at the great dancing pavilion at Chowder J)ilj , ttlU JJitYUIUll UtllUiy OUhUilU IU lb IU 'Uniii of size at Cabarita Gardens, and the picnic at Fern Bay, for which Herr Kustor'a band ha9 been engaged. Special steamers will run to Parramatta and to Mossuian's and Neutral Bays. Those who love sea travelling and line scenery cau visit the Hawkcsbury River either by the Coonanbara, the lino ship of the New castle Company, or by the City of Grafton, or by the a.s. Murra Marra, at hours and rates elsewhere advertised. The Jeuolan Caves, via Tarana, or by arrangement with the Tourists' Bureau iu Bridge-street, will find favor, and tho issue of return excursion tickets at cheap fares aud the special time-table pub lished in our columns by the Government Kail- way Department will enable holiday-makers lo visit the mountains ,or their friends in any part of the colony at a very moderate outlay. At the Theatre Koyal the " Sleeping Beauty" will bu the now pantomime, when Miss Emma Chambers, Miss Amy Hortou, aud Madame Pasta-Moore, a company of handsome chor isters and fairies, -with the comedians J. it. Grevillc, 1?. Dark, tho llaynor Brothers and the Faust Family, will form a strong cast. The principal items on the bill are headed " Tho Excelsior Ballet," the "Argent Army," tho 44 Demon Forest," and the " Living Statuary." The graud transformation scene bv Mr. Gordon will illustrate Beauty's " Wedding Tour through Venice," very beautiful scenes from which, showing the Kialto and tho Grand Canal, die., have been painted for the occasion. "Dick Whittiugton aud his Cat" is the alter native pantomime this year, and will be pre sented under Mr. Dampicr's uiunnrgcment at tho Koyal Standard Theatre. Miss Sophie Harris plays Dick and should look well in the f»iirt, and Mr. Charles Bovis occupies the more nimble position of Cat. Miss Alice Woolridgc is billed for tho part of tho Aldermau's Daughter beloved by Dick, and Mr. Alfred James as Dame Muddle-hash, Mr. Harry Stoncluuu as Sycorax the Sorcerer, Miss Fauny Wiseruan as Ochre-ilia, tho Yellow Dwarf, and the other members of the company will keep up the fun. New scenery by Mr. Kinchcla and a harlequi nade invented and carried out by the Cottier family complete the talc. Miss Miuuie Palmer makes her first appear ance to-night at the Opera House, when she plays Tina in "My Sweetheart" for the 1927th time, with a company expressly combined with a view to an efficient support. From all that wc cau gather tho entertainment will be unique, as it depends entirely upon thc'pcrsonal attractiveness and refined grace of the leading actress. The little lady is one of the prettiest who havo ever set foot upon the Australian stage, and tho fame she brings with her is a proof that she i9 not less clever than pretty. "Falka" will be the opening opera at the Criterion Theatre, where the claims of the new company to consideration, should they prove as grout iu deed as they are on paper, will fill the house for some weeks to come. Miss Emilia Melville has not been seen here for four years, Signor Verdi has been a long while a truant, and Mr. Edwiu Kelly will bo welcomed again with pleasure. Miss Fanny Liddiard lias hocn favourably known as Gormalno in "Lea Cloches da Corncville," and in other good parts for some years ; Miss Colbourne-Bakor proved her RterJing worth as a vocalist at Mr. Solomou's recep tion on Thursday. and Mr. 'Beaumont's name speaks for itself. There arc to be a large chorus, some of Mr. Clint's best scenery and a new theatre to admire, so that attractions arc not lacking. His Excellency the Governor will be present, 1 and the National Anthem will bo sung by principals and chorus under the direc tion of Mr. W. H. Harrison. 44 Mndelaiue," the strong 'emotional tem perance drama, produced hero as "Tho Woman of the People and in London as 44 Drink" will be produced at the Gaiety Theatre to-night. Mr. W. E. Sheridan will appear for the first time as Bertram tho Drunkard, and Miss Louise Davenport a9 Madelaine, tho nersccuted wife. New sconery lias been painted by Mr. Sctright. The overture is composed by Professor Gardiner, and- special care has been bestowed upon the whole production by Mr. C. H. Taylor. Popular prices as heretofore. At "the Academy of Music the Federal Minstrols will present a strong double bill under the stage-management of Mr. L. Braham and the musical direction of Mr. N. La Fonil- lade. The first part will bo an entirely new olio, in which pretty songH and solos are pro mised, whilst Mr. Horace Bent will give one of his almost too-instructive lectures upon ".Re searches into tho Fragmentary Poetry of tho Nursery," and especially of 44 Hi, diddle, diddle, the Cat and the Fiddle." The Woodward Brothers in acrobatic feats, Messrs. Kcenan and Moynham in their now sketch 44 Patch work," Sir. Edwin Rogers with his dancing, and the whole company in 44 Black Pautomimc " will amuse the house. Tho Manly Aquarium will be open as usual, nnd can scarcely fail to prove an attraction now that the cost of the harbor journey has been so much reduced. D'Arcy Bead's "Ghost Rcdivivus"' will 44 walk" for tho first time at the Old Masonic- hall to-night, when many curious illusions will bo combined with music and a dramatic enter tainment. Tho Strasburg Clock, a perfect model, 12ft. high, of the marvellous original, will be ouview iu Kidinan'a-buildings. Market-street. The Australian Waxworics, opporito the Cathedral, will find many patrous from the country desirous of witnessing that clever illu sion, 41 The Vanishing Lady." 