WHAT A LICENSE ! The unique triumvirate of ignorance and interest can scarcely be flattered at the decision they arrived at on WednesdaY last. The man avIio ob- tained the license — the ex-peeler — openly boasted that he had sufficient influence to obtain a license for a Chi nese opium shop. He not only boasted it in Kempsey but also at the Clarence. Unfortunately for Kempsey he seems to have reckoned Avith his host. It was a pitiable spectacle to see that triumvirate of presumably influential men listening to evidence Avliich they kneAV they would discard ; hearing arguments they Avcrc silently laughing at ; at the same time driA'ing Daniel O'Connell's celebrated coach and four through the Licensing Act. Mr. M. Kerrigan evidently felt the rottenness of- liis case a\rliich Avas shown in many instauces by exhibitions of bad temper that would disgrace any court in the colony, but Avere complacently passed o\"er by the bench. So far as the granting of the license itself Avas con cerned we haA'e nothing to say. But it Avas conclusively proved by aa'itnesses aa'Iio had no object in opposing that license, that Avitli the exception of two or three times in a year the accommo- UtbulUlL jJiUYXUvll Uj uUC JJLIUIaLcuII g tlLlU. boarding house keeper's of Kempsey is far in excess of the requirements of the place. Considering the population, Kempsey is better supplied Avith hotels and boarding houses than the city of Sydney itself. So far as the Macleay district is concerned you cannot travel over three or four miles Avithout drop ping on a public house. There are two public houses at Greenhill, tivo at Frederickton, trvo at SmitlitoAvn, and one at Gladstone. And yet it Avas argued there Avas not sufficient aeeom- dation in the district. In fact it Avas stated that the number of existing hotels Avas simply an imitation to get drunk. There is not the slighest doubt that the liquor trade tends to the degenera tion of both houses and men that keep them. There is no necessity for pub lican's to live, but they insist on existing. If a legitimate trade cannot be done an illigetimate one will. A Avell conducted public house is a public benefit. But if the Licensing Bench parsists in issuing licenses indiscrimi nately as they have done lately, it Avill reduce the level of public houses in Kempsey to those of the back slums of Woolloomooloo. Church of England. The Annual Year Book of the Church of England, for the parish of the Mac leay, has now been published. It contains a most gratifying account of the progress of the Church during the time the Rev. 0. F. Turner has been incumbent. It is of course impossible for a newspaper to publish purely reli gious matter. The Rev. Mr. Turner, feelingly alludes to the generous gifts of many leading toAvnspeople ; the ladies especially have been most liberal- in; 'heir contributions towards the dec oration of All . Saint's Church, West Kempsey, and St. Alban's, East Kemp sey. Since his arrival on the Macleay the Church of England has been revo lutionised. We have only to look at the School Church, West Kempsey, to indicate the influence of the rev. gentle man. The Church at West Kempsey shows his untiring zeal, Avhile the splendid gqthic edifice now rapidly being erected shoAVS that the confidence of the people is reposed in their pastor. On all parts of the Macleay this gentle man has shown himself one! of the most energetic, one of the most rmsel- fish pastors that the Macleay has been blessed Avith. The Belhnger and Nambucca haA'e not been forgotten and his ministrations have extended there despite the numerous calls made' upon his attention. On the whole the Year Book discloses a most satisfactory state of affairs, both for the Rev. Mr. Turner and the members of the Church of England. Sunday Punting. DoAvn at Kinchela the puntman ap pears to be a candidate for a lunatic asylum. . Not many days ago about a dozen horsemen Avanted to cross, but this eccentric descendant of Charon declined to tumble up, being more occupied in washing, his lastyfeejk's moleskins, however, the Avireyvas nofyimxvorking order, but later in Atlie day managed to take a horse and/cart across — probably on the' ground that he Avanted a cheap cabbage' to boil Avitli his corn beef. The man ner, in which the Macleay River punts are (conducted is a disgrace to civiliza tion. Men wlio have not sufficient intelligence to-be even resoectable, once they get holdfof a punt attempt to ride'rough shod over the community. The attention of Mr. T. P. Davies is directed toAvards Kinchela Creek. , Awkward Accident- Mr. Benporath, clerk to Mr. 0. 0. -Dangar, met Avitli a very severe acci dent on Tuesday last. He a\ras going to the residence of Mr. R. A. H. Kemp, J.P., aa'lien approaching the Warwick turn off the horse shied throwing him against a tree. The small bone of the right leg aa'as broken. Mr. Dangar and Mr. Hilder on hearing of the acci dent Avent out in a buggy to'briiig-the young -man to toAvn. Constable Morris also Avent in search of the young man. In the' meantime liOAvever Benporath had mounted his horse and rode to his residence in_ Central Kemnsev. Dr. -Chebriel-wifs immediately in attendance" and states that Mr. Benporath Avill soon be able to resume his duties. Kempsey Sheffield Handicap. In another column Avill be found an advertisement, directing attention to the second Sheffield Handicap held under the auspices of Mr. George L. Tillbrook. The prizes offered, together with the reasonable entrance fee, ought to tempt pedestrians from all parts of Neiv South Wales. The ground Avhicli aaTas specially prepared for the last .handicap has been remarkably improved "and aa'ill compare faA'Ourably aa'ith any out of Sydney. The Australian Earsy- Professor Hyland, the celebrated horse tamer, intimates his intention of giving an exhibition of subduing the "fiery untamed steed" on Mr. Tillbrook's paddock this night (Satur day). On Monday night - Professor Hyland Avill give an exhibition never before seen in Kempsey-.-an'd tliatis rarely sben"i6utvdf'M'co---m'dmg a wild bullock round the ring. Profes sor Hyland has a good, record, and his entertainment ought to command a large attendance. A Municipal Faroe- A meeting of the ratepayers of the newly created Borough of Kempsey aa'as held at the Oddfellows' Hall last night. About 100 persons Avere pre sent. Mr. M. Kerrigan Avas ato- ted to the chair. Mr. Emerton moved and Mr. Bascli seconded—" That Messrs. W. Neal, E. J. Wright, C. Sutherland, J.P., II. Weiugarth, sen., R. A. II. Kemp, J.P., P. C. Hill, J.P., M. Fitzpatrick, S. Verge, J.P., J. W. Wilson, -J.P., -J. E. Emerton and G. Bascli be nominated as candidates at the coming election. Mr. 0. 0. Dan gar moA'ed and Mr. J. Emerton secon- ded—" xnat m tiie opmion ol this meeting the prosperity of the neAv Bo rough of Kempsey depends on the choice of the ratepayers of Kempsey, and desires to express the hope that -in the selection of gentlemen to Avhom will be first committed the important Avork of organisation, that the utmost care Avill be taken to select men who A\Till be actuated by feelings of true patriotism and who will simply seek the adA'ancement of tlicneAV Borough." The motion AA'as carried unanimously. Mr. G. R. Scott asked the chairman's for his rifling regarding the nine men nominated to the meeting as candi dates. The Chairman stated that in his opinion the AA'liole affair was a farce. To attempt to dictate to the ratepayers as to aa'hoin they should vote for, aa'as takiug aAvay their rights as British citizens. After in dulging in a little chaff, a vote of thanks aa'as passed to the chairman, and the meeting terminated. The late Mr- McSkiminiug- As tlic-rc are sncli a number of en tertainments in toAA'ii at present, the concert in aid of the aa'ifo and family of the late 'Mr. McSkimming lias been postponed till July 20. A flood Story. We strongly thinkxhat the following, from a Scotch paper, is an old "Joe Miller " served up afresh; but we give it for what it is AA'orth : — A preacher, who was an ardent admirer of Mr. Gladstone, prayed for heaven's blessing on the Premier in these somewhat am biguous words : "0 Lord, at this cri tical juncture of events, be pleased to grant that Mr. Gladstone and his fel low-redeemers of England may hang together." On hearing the prayer, a brother below, who was accustomed to say "Amen ' in prayer time, and who approved of the ConservatiA'e policy, exclaimed, " Amen, amen, may they all hang together." The Radical mi nister felt that he had been misunder stood, and, by way of explanation, exclaimed, " 0 Lord, I do not mean to hang together in the sense our brother doAra below means it ; I mean, may they in accord and concord hang to gether." " Amen, amen," cried the Conservative worshipper, "I don't mind what the cord is so long as they hang in some cord. Amen." Church of England. The following clipping from a recent number of the ' Church Times ' Avill give our Anglican friends an idea of church services as conducted in Eng land : — Friday, May 9, was a gala day in the parish of Little Drayton, Salop. Bishop Abraham, late of (Wellington, N.Z)., held a Confirmation at 8.30. The sacred edifice was beautifully dec orated for the occasion. On the re- table stood twelve large vases of choice hot house flowers and thirty candles, all of which were lit during the service. The procession started from the vicarage grounds, and, headed, by the processional cross, entered the-, church singing the Litany of the Holy Ghost. Tavo white silk banners were also carried, and the bishop and clergy wore white stoles. During the laying on of hands the processional cross Avas held np by the side of the Bishop. There were eighty-eight candidates, fifty-nine of whom aa'ere presented by the a'icar of the parish, Rev. Arthur Ellis, thirty-nine being females, and twenty males. An Old Friend. New arrangements have just been made says the ' Broughton Creek Reg- ister ' in connection with the agency of the large and important estate known as Mr. David Berry's Coolangatta Es- tate upon which the township of Broughton Creek is situated. We have been shown a circular letter addressed to the tenants, by Mr. H. G. Morton, of which the following is an extract : — " Dear Sir, — I beg most respectfully to inform you that after the 1st July next, and until further notice, my son, Mr. Philip Henry Morton (late Manager, of the Commer- cial Bank, Broughton Creek), will receive your rents, keep your accounts, and conduct all financial matters be- tween you and, the estate. In bringing this change before you, I trust that the same good feeling and courtesy, which has been shown to me in my long connection with you in the affairs of the estate, will be extended to Mr. P. H. Morton." Considering that the estate embraces a large portion of the three municipalities, and is probably the largest, and without doubt, most valuable freehold estate in New South Wales, it is no small honour to be entrusted with the stewardship of so gigantic " a concern. Nor are the financial affairs alone the sole concern of the manager. On an estate whereon thousands of people live, labour, and fulfil the duties of life, much respon- sibility and concern rests on the manager. That Mr. Philip Morton is by temper, habits, and training, thor- oughly fitted to discharge satisfactorily all the duties appertaining to this office, there cannot be a doubt in the minds of those who know him. We beg to offer him our congratulations upon so substantial a recognition of his abilities ; and the tennantry may also be congratulated upon having, as their steward, a young man who, whilst having undergone a thorough financial training in one of the best banking institutions in the colony, — Mr. Morton's abilities, were readily recognised by important promotions, is a native of the district, and is in intention and practice concerned in its material and social advancement. We consider the appointment in every way satisfactorily. — That Mr. Henry G. Morton, J.P., still retains an executive position in connection with the estate, is a further guarantee that the rela- tions between landlord and tenant, in the matter of extended leases is to be improved ; good feeling, promptitude, and decision have been leading char- acteristics of Mr. Morton, and we doubt, not that the same characteristics with all the vigour of youth, will be reflected in the life of M. P. H. Morton. France in the Pacific. In response to the representations of the Agents-General, and especially the pressure brought to bear upon him by Sir Graham Berry, Lord Roseberry has promised formally to protest against the continued dispatch of recidivists to New Caledonia, and also against the occupation of the New Hebrides by French troops. Nothing further has been heard from M. de Freycinet on the subject of the New Hebrides, and the delay in the pro- mised withdrawal of the French troops is deemed by the Agents- Gene- ral sufficient justification for the Secretary of State for Foreign Affairs sending a formal protest. The question is, however, occupying the at- tention of the French cabinet : and it is probable that the Government will propose, as a solution of the present difficulty, that the New Hebrides be dealt with similarly to the Congo ter- ritory in Africa — that is, that an In- ternational Association be formed by the two countries t control and manage the affairs of the islands. Paying the Penalty. The ' San Francisco Bulletin ' says : — Nearly eighteen years ago one of the most expert counterfeiters in the coun- try was found guilty. He was a young man, and, at the time, considered one of the best engravers in this country. He was convicted on two counts, and sentenced to 17 years on each one. His wife had recently married him, and some time after he went to prison a little girl was born. With the child, the mother went to live in a quiet town near the penitentiary where the father was confined. As she grew into girl hood and womanhood, the child was taught that her father had gone to sea years before, and had been given up for lost. She never knew that within a few miles he was imprisoned, and that her mother visited him there every month. The 17 long years elapsed, and the man is in middle life. He had believed that the two sentences were running together, and was plan- ning for his release. But when the time came he was told that he had then the second term to serve. Ima- gine his distress and that of his wife ? She went to work to try and have him pardoned, and the answer she received was that he was too expert a man to have his liberty, for the principle is established, " once a counterfeiter always a counterfeiter." Finally, the result of her efforts was told to him. At first he was desperate. But one day, suddenly, as he was working in the prison, he drew both wrists across a knife, and both hands hung forever helpless at his side. " They cannot refuse me now," he said, "I can never engrave again." He is still in prison, but before long he probably will be dismissed. Justice would seem to have have had her dues. Russia in Central Asia. It is impossible (observes ' Engi neering' of May 14) not to admire the way the Russians are overcoming obstacles in Central Asia. This Aveek, General Annekoff, is on his return journey to Merv, with a permission to extend the Transcaspian railway to Samarcand, has scored another tri umph in successfully inaugurating the oneninsr of a new terminal port on the Caspian . For the future Ave shall hear little of Port Mikhaelovsk, and a good deal of Urzambada, which we fear Eng- 'lish politicians, who are as a rule wo- fiflly ignorant of geography, will mix up Avith African nomenclature. The little problem General Annekoff has solved in less than six months is this. -Krasnovolsk is the best harbour on the Caspian coast, having a depth of 18 feet of water, hut aa'lien. the Russians atarted the Transcaspian line of rail way in 1871, forpurely temporary mili tary purposes they chose the port of MilhaeloA'sk, on the east side- of Kras- novodsk Bay, for the port, because it Avas 80 miles nearer the objective point. This port. hoAvever, is only accessible for barges and shalloAA'-drauglit stea mers, and aa'lien the line developed "into .1 grout Asiatic -rail Avay last year, bound for Samarcand, and apparently destined to penetrate in -time to India, tlie question cropped up of selecting a better port. Some adA'Ocated the construction of the 80 miles of rail way betAveen Mikhaelovsk and Kras- novdsk, hut the intervening country is quite barren and totally uninhabited, and for a'arious reasons the link Avould haA'e cost as much as 120 miles radi ating from Merv, aa'hile of course it Avould haA'e possessed no political sig nificance. To Annenkoff, anxious to push the locomotive as far as possible into Central Asia, a license to build 120 miles of line east of Mferv was worth more than permission to con struct 80 miles to tie the line to Kras- novodsk, so he hunted about Krasno- vodsk Bay until he foimd Urzambada", only a few miles south-west of Mik haelovsk, and after a little dredging has rendered it fit for vessels drawing 10 feet. It thus suits the class of of steamer iioay being extensively built in Russia to run direct from the mouth of the River to the Caspian, and will prove a very seiwieable port. Of course compared with what has been done at a hundred places in Eng land in the way of harbour construc tion and improvement, General Annen- koft's achievement does not stand high, but he has unquestionably added at a stroke to the importance of the Trans caspian Railway, and falsified the pre diction of more than one English statesman, who decried the line a year or- two ago " because it had no port." At the time Charles Man'in declared that the " engineer would soon rectify all defects of this character," and the rectification lias been so successfully accomplished that the sooner English statesmen summon the engineer to aid them on their side of Afghanistan, the x-.... t :„i .-„x x_ UUulol XU1 xLLLJJUllcll lllbtJiUbtb# A Special Invitation- We specially iirvite a trial by all those sufferers from kidney and liver complaints aa'Iio haA'e failed to obtain relief-' and from doctors. Nature's great remedy, Dr. Bell's Bitters bas effected cures in many obstinate cases. It acts at once on the kidneys, liA'er and boAvels, cleansing tlie system of all poisonous humours and restoring a healthy condition to those important organs. Do not be discouraged, hut try it. Chinese Cheap Labour. We are informed on very good au thority that two of the wealthiest lmd- ' owners in this district and who are candidates for municipal honors in Kempsey, haA'e" completed arrange ments for introducing a large number of Chinese to clear some of their un occupied lands. The heathen are to he paid 7s Gd per week and " licey." The Macleay Trade- The folloAA"ing arc the returns of exports for the aa-cek ending J uly 10 : — 7185 bags maize ; 800 pigs ; 00 head of cattle, 80 calves and a large quantity of hides, poultry, eggs, tallow and sundries. A Sou of Napoleon X- According to the San Francisco 'World' a son of Napoleon I, has just been buried in the Lone Mountain Cemetery of that city. The 'World' says that his mother was an English housekeeper sent to the prison at St. Helena, where the Emporer had a son by her. After the Emperor's death she returned to London, where she married a watchmaker named Gordon, AA'ho adopted the child, and brought him up to the Avatchmaking trade. When he reached the age of 25, Gor don-Bonaparte as he called himself, emigrated to the United States, and settled in Now London, (Connecticut), Avhere he did very well, and gradually acquired a certain amount of political influence. He also became connected with the press, and wrote several arti cles for the Norwich 'Bulletin' and the New London ' Star.' Of late years he had lived . in retirement at San Fran cisco, and it was there that he died. Gordon-Bonaparte bore a striking re semblance to his putative father, and he AA'as also very intelligent in business matters. He was A'ery reserved and taciturn, rarely speaking of his illus trious origin except Avlien. under the influence of drink, but when in that state he would not allow anyone to to question his claim to be the son of the great Corsican. Murder by Brigands. A letter received in Paris from Ajac- cio, relates that an Italian barque, the Invidia, - put into the harbour of Porto Yechio. On the following morning two sailors landed near the town, with the object of eutting some firewood, of Avbich they stood iu need. They had scarcely set foot on shore, when they were made prisoners by two men, armed with rifles. The brigands told the sailors that they must purchase their liberty, by handing over to them three huudred francs One of the sail ors was sent back to the Invidia to fetch the money, the other being kept as a hostage. The captain and crew had not among them the sum of money demanded ; so a signal of alarm Avas hoisted, in order to attract the atten tion of the maritime authorities. The brigands- however, must have under stood the signal,. for they put a pistol to their prisoner's ear and shot him dead. The authors of this cold-blooded crime are unknoAAH, and up to the pres ent time the gendarmerie has failed to discover their hiding place. A Strange fish- A monster of the deep was captured on Sunday by the crew of the Port Jackson Company's steamtug Irresis tible while fishing outside of Sydney Heads. It measures 10 feet hi length, nine feet six inches across from fin to fin, and has a girth of 12 feet, Avhile its weight is over a ton. Li shape it somewhat resembles an hour glass, aa'ith two huge fins projecting from each side. There aa'as considerable excitement at. its capture, and it Avas not until three harpoons" had been driven into it that it Avas disabled. On being brought alongside a sling was put round the fish, and it was hoisted on board, five, men aa'ith a double block and tackle being required to get it on deck, A New Industry. Mr. Silas Gill, of Commandant Hill, has given indications that a neAv in dustry can be opened on the Macleay. From pumpkins, which are generally throAvn aAvay or sold at a low . price, this gentleman has made splendid starch. This addition to the indus tries of the Macleay should form an additional incentive to enterprise. Fuller particulars Avill appear in next issue. The Bellringers- The Lynch Family of Beilringers will make their obeisance to the Kempsey public on Tuesday - niglit next. % Through their 20 years career in -Europe, Asia, Africa, America , and Australia' they have won unqualified admiration. In addition to. the tintin- abulator and campanologieal enter tainment. there are interspersed amu sing farces, local jokes and general amusement. Bruce Auction- We have been requested to iutimate that tbe Bruce auction in aid of tbe Presbyterian Manse Building Fund bas been postponed, and the date of holding the sale wiil be given in our next issue. A large number of gifts were promised Avliicli ,has not yet ar rived, hut Avill be in time for the final sale. A list of contributions, aa'ith I contributors' names, will be published ! for general information. , Port Macquaric Agricultural Society. / The second annual meeting ol yie Port Macquarie Agricultral Soei'jfy was held on Saturday last. Tl'e was a large attendance of menfleji's. The president Mr. T. Piatt, read tbe report, Avliicli dealt Avitli the rise and progress of the society since its in ception. There Avere 722 exhibits at this year's show as against 661 r£ the previous year, being an increase of 61. The members' subscriptions amounted to £206, and tbe amount aAvarded in prizes by the society Avas £7317., iu addition to Avliicli special prizes were awarded, amounting in valibjto £44. A sum of £345 has been expended in tlie erection of a hall and /in other improvements on the- ground. The report was considered to /be highly satisfactory. Great interest is mani fested in tbe welfare of the society, AA'hich promises to become very -flour ishing. The election of dmcers resul ted as folloAA's : — Mr./T. Piatt, re elected, president ; Mesa's. Bain and R- Andrews, vice-presidents ; Mr. H. C. B.rown, secretary ; d/tri W.J. Mc Donnell, treasurer. good Avorking committee Avas alsoJuppointed. A largo number of sp#ial prizes havo been offered for the Joining shoAV. The Irish Elections. Up to July Stli it is computed tliaj. the a'otes of the constituencies in favour of Mr. Gladstone's Irish policy numhe 714,000. The numbers polled against bini are estimated at 776,000, these hav_ ing been recorded mainly in constitu encies which at the general election in November last gave Mr. Gladstone a majority of 73,000. Sir J ohn Lubbock has been re-elected for the London University. The Right Hon. D. Plun- kefe and the Right Hon. H. Holmes have been returned again for the Dublin University. The English bor ough elections are uoav completed. The following is the analysis of mem bers returned for tliem : — ConservatiA'es 144 ; Unionists, 22 ; supporters of Mr. Gladstone, 60. Of these the metropolis returned the following:— Conservatives 49; Unionists, 2; supporters of Mr. Gladstone 11. The Nambuccra Requirements. The folloAving letter appeared in the Sydney 'Daily Telegraph' of the 10th: — " Sir, — Through an oversight I failed to attend with the deputation Avhich inteiwiewed the Minister for Works yesterday, about the River Nambuccra. Will you kindly allow me to say, through your columns, Avhat are the requirements of the river ? Four years ago Ave went to the Nambuccra to look for a position on which to erect a mill for cutting timber. At that time about six vessels a month traded there, taking the produce and timber from the only mill then in existence, Buckman's (since burned down.) When Ave commenced to erect the mill, Messrs. Davis, Kemp, and Christenson, each did the same. Thus there are at work four mills, paying on an average over £1000 a month Avages, giving employment to over 20 A'essels. whose Avages are over £700 per month, thus causing a large trade and money to be distributed into tbe Government coffers as well as to the mercantile community, the above shoAving one out of many reasons why the wants of the river should be attended to. It has been pointed out by former letters and deputations to the Government the works that would benefit the navi gation of the river, the stoppage of which is caused by two reasons, more particularly — namely the Avant of a flood and the non-execution of . long promised works. A short time ago the advice of the eminent engineer, Sir John Coode, was obtained Avith refer ence to bar harbours, and we believe his opinion was thoroughly in accord Avith recommendations from the pilot and others — that a dyke should he laid of stone to confine the tidal waters to. a straight channel past the Beacon Rock. The work was offered to' be performed by one of the residents for a sum of money under the amount that Avas placed on the estimates by the Minister of the day, through the exertions of tlie member, Mr. R. B. Smith and others. A few charges of dynamite Avould soon remove the Beacon Rock, and thus cause a straight channel up right past the wharves and mills. Then, Avith the help of the dredge, the flats could be removed so as to give free rush to the tide, and so prevent it going in the few shallow courses which it does at present. We have spent in Avages on the river the past four years over £7000, and an equal amount in freights, and made very little progress in consequence of the delays and high freights, in some cases haA'e paid 25 per cent, higher than is paid for getting timber from America; others' are suffering the same, all the profits being eaten up by heavy expenditure. Trusting it has been sufficiently shoAvn that the in terests of a large number of the resi dents of the colony and the merchants of Sydney are. concerned in the Avorks sought tcf " be obtained. — Yours, &c.;, S. Dickson, Waverley, Attack on Oapt- Mars, of H-M-S- Swinger. H.M.S. Harrier arrived at CooktoAvn from Dinner Island, on Saturday last, bringing news of an attack on Captain Marx, of H. M. S. Swinger, at St. Aignan Islands, Louisiada Archipelago It appears that while Captain Marx was ashore with the doctor, trading witlf/ the natives for fowls, a native struAk Captain Marx, with a large knife, cutting him on the neck and Avrist. He': AA'as taken on board, and the Swinger proceeded to Dinner Island. Qiqjuffir'Marx was much better Avhen ti/e Harrier left. 