CURRENT TOPICS. Some sensational disclosures have been made in the case of Charles M'Donald, of Camperdown, contractor, whose insol- vency was reported in last issue. Rumors were current during the week that the matter had assumed a more serious phase, and yesterday morning it trans- pired that warrants had been issued for the arrest of M'Donald on two charges of forgery. The information was sworn by Mr. Hardy, the manager of the Bank of Victoria, in Camperdown. It appears that some time last year M'Donald presented two bills of exchange, one for £120, and the other for £80, purporting to bear the endorsements of William Charles W. Clifford, of Kolora, and Archibald Glen, of Kariah. respectively. The bills have been renewed more than once, but it is said they were retired before they matured by M'Donald. In consequence of the recent proceedings the bills have been referred to the supposed endorsers, who have pro- nounced their signatures to them to be forgeries. The greatest surprise was expressed in Camperdown when the fact became public, as few imagined the man capable of the offence. M'Donald has been absent from Camperdown since last Tuesay, and it is thought that fear- ing discovery he has bolted. Im- mediately after the issue of the warrants, the ntual information was forwarded to various parts of the colony, so that it is scarcely possible the man can effect his escape. The first meeting in his in- solvent estate will probably beheld at Colac next week, and it is reported that the official assignee may then have some rather singular disclosures to make regard- ing the sworn statement of assets. M'Donald has lived for many years in this district, and for the past six or seven years in Camperdown, where he has car- ried on the business of a contractor. He was generally regarded as one of the last men capable of the offences alleged against him. THE new Shire Hall is very nearly com- pleted now, and a special meeting of the committee was convened to be held yes- terday morning, to meet the architect and take over the building. The president (Cr. Walker), and Crs. Walls, Lang, Taylor, and others attended, at no small amount of inconvenience, and were greatly disap- pointed at the non-appearance of the architect, Mr. Smith (of Smith and John- son). A telegram was received from Mr. Smith during the day to the effect that he would attend on Wednesday next, when he will doubtless give the necessary certi- cate to the contractors. MR. W. H. Uren. M.L.A., had an interview on Tuesday last with the Minister of Public Works, on the subject of the new Courthouse for Camperdown. The result of the interview was that in- structions were given to Mr. Le Cren to call for tenders at once for the construc- tion of the building. AN entertainment was given in the Mechanics' Institute on Tuesday evening by a company of amateur minstrels from Geelong, in aid of the Roman Catholic school fund. The niaht was a fine one, and the entertainment being a change from the ordinary concerts, was well patronised by the public. The perform- ance commenced with an overture by the orchestra, after which the ballad, " A Boy's Best Friend is his Mother,'' was well rendered by Mr. F. A. Keenan. A comic refrain, "Miss Hooligan's Christmas Cake," sung by Mr. J. Ryan, established him a favorite with the audience. Mr. J. S. Bayley in his ballad "Dilly Burn" and his vocal effort in the second part, proved he had a musical voice which he knew how to properly use. The ballad " Scotch Lassie Jean" by Mr. T. Whittaker was the popular song of the evening, and Mr. Whittaker received a vociferous encore. "MaryAnn Kehoe," a comic refrain by Mr. E. Kinsella, was well rendered. Mr. F. Hodges' ballad " Softly O'er the Rippling Waters," gave him an opportunity of dis- playing his fine vocal powers. The first part of the entertainment was brought to a close by Messrs. Ryan, Kinsella and the company playing '"The Beasley Family." This ludicrous sketch kept the audience in a simmer of merriment. Between the songs, jokes, conundrums and funny say- ings were carried on by Mr. F. Hodges, interlocutor, and Messrs. J. Ryan and E. Kinsella, corner men. In the second part of the entertainment the dancing of Messrs. E. Kinsella, E. Clark, and the Keenan Bros., deserves a word of praise, and the audience were not behind in showing their appreciation of the efforts of the quartette. The perform- ance concluded with the "Troubled Impressirio," in which H. Wallace, as " Peter Thompson," acted his part well. MR. Nevill, an evangelist for the Church of Christ, has been holding meetings during the week in the Temperance Hall. The attendance has not been very large, but the attention of those present has been riveted by the earnest and scriptural remarks of the preacher. The subject on Wednesday night was " A business that will pay." Mr. Nevill advised those who were serving Satan to "go on strike." "The wages of sin is death." It would not pay ; but the service of Christ is profit- able, having promise of the life that now is, and of that which is to come. On Thursday evening the subject was "The great salvation." The preacher said the Gospel was for "every creature." Christ did not come to condemn the world, but that the world through 'Him might be saved; but men naturally "love dark- ness," they prefer their sins, and "will not come to Christ that they might have life." Man had power to believe, power to repent, and power to obey, and if a sinner would really believe in Christ, really repent of his sins, and really be baptized into Christ, he really obtained the forgiveness of his past sins, and the gift of the Holy Spirit. This is the Gospel as it was proclaimed 1800 years ago. The services will be continued this evening and also to-morrow evening, at 7 o'clock, when the subject will be 'The faith once for all delivered unto the saints." • TnE tea and public meeting on Tuesday niiht ill connection with the anniversary Bervicoi of tho Bibl» Christian church, was fairly attended. Tho tables were very nicely got up by the ladies of the congre gation, and the church was tastefully decorated with niottos, which were re illy works of art. Tho chair wa« occupied by Mr. G. Maconachy, of Koortnionlonj, whose opening remarks were well received. Mr. Wilson, of Terang. gavo a brief address on the subject of "Coming to the Cross." Mr. Crook nddressed tho young men and women present on "tmetnauliness and womanliness," showing wherein they consisted. Rev. Mr. Clemens spoke on the necessity of upholding Ohri-tianry, and showed how persecution and infidelity had opposed its progress in vain, and made it grow instead. ~IUv. Mr. Thomson addressed the gatheriVe on the necessity and advantages of family prayer. Uev. Mr. BeHis', in an eloquent and impressive speech,'spoke on two magnitudes, that of Time and of Eternity, and pointed out if members and ministers of the church all did thoirduty, the victories of ChriHianity would have been still more brill ant than they had been. Ruv. J. Chenhall rendered several solos during the evening, in his usual spirited manner. Th« singing of the choir was one of the features of the gathering. The customary votes of thanks were passed, and the proceedings termin ated with the pronouncing of the bene diction. Tub lovers of tho supernatural will doubtless be interested to learn that a real "live" (or should it bo, dead) ghost lms made itß appearauco in the town. Tho indefinite pronoun Li used, as tire 'sex of tlia " visitor from another world " has not yet been disclosed. Tho " spirit1' appear; at intervals clothed in the ortho dox white, from head to feet. At present its haunt is raid to be not far from the site of the old quarry in Fergusßon street; but it has been seen in proximity to the spring at the rear of the Mechanics' In stitute. An exploration party is spoken of to interview (lie "glmst,:' when some btrange disclosures may be expected. ' It seems that a rumor has been current to the effect that at the ensuing election for tho' Nelson Province Mr. H. H. Wettenhall did not intend to contest the scat. ._^Mr. Wettenhall, in our advertising columns, gives this rumor a contradiction. He also announces that he will take an early opportunity of laying his views before tho electors, and trusts to receive a renewal of their confidence. Messrs. Jones and Fox, photographers, prior to their departure fr-'m Campordowci, tout a pictnn* of tho new portion of the Camperdown State school with a large number of tho children. The picture, on the whole, is a good one, the greater portion of the faces in tho group being easily recognisable. We understand that Mr. T. F. A'. Stone has tome of the photo graphs for sale. Tbb annual meeting nf the Casper-1 down Lawn Tennis Club waa held on Thursday afternoon, at tbe Leon bold; Mr. J. H. Hope in the cbair. 'A rencrt was submitted which shnVed that there was a debit balance of £45. A suggestion was made that the indebtedness should be met by voluntary subscriptions amongst member*,' and after some discussion it was decided to issue circulars with that object in view. The election of officers then took place with the following results :— President, Mr. J. H. Hope; vice-presi dents, Messrs. S. G. Tangya and W. Manifold; committee—Messrs. C. M'Arthur, H. Hueston, J. Hannah, J. Thornton, P. W. Tait, T. Manifold, and Dr. Pettigrew | hon. secretary and treasurer, Mr. A. Speed. Tire Cainperdown State school was examined for results by Mr. Shelton, the district inspector, of schools, on Wednes day and Thursday of last week: The weather was somewhat unfavorable, and there were one or two absentees, who slightly reduced the percentage of passes. Besides this drawback, the past year has been one of sickness, the school having been closed for about two months after the previous examination; and a consider able reduction in the attendance took place early in the year owing to the open ing of the Roman Catholic school. Notwithstanding these disadvantages the percentage obtained was in advance of that of the year before, being 00.65G, and considerably above the average _of the colony. The last ten examinations of this school have been remarkably regular, ranging from 89.302 to 92.490, and averaging 00.589, so that the present per centnuc is just over that average. In the fifthclass 31 were examined for certificates, and 10 of these were successful. Ilesides the ordinary school work examination, Mr. Shelton examined Miss Walls for promotion as a pupil teacher to the second class, and Miss M'Kay for promotion to the same class, and there is reason to believe tliat a favorable report will be htttrd with regard to both young ladies. The result of the examination is creditable to the staff of the school, and is a good finish to the old programme of instruction. It may be explained that a new programme of instruction is now to come into force, in which more history is to be introduced, and instruction in elementary physical science, with modifications of the ordin ary subjects. The general intention of these is to lead the scholars to use their thinking powers rather than their memory alone, and as much as possible to make the school work fit the scholars for the every day work of the world. With intelligent teaching and thorough exami nation, there is reason to hope that the new programme will accomplish this main purpose. Lv regard to the death of the New Zi-alar.d (rout fry conveyed here recently from Ballarat, Mr. Valentine, of Messrs. Fisken, Gibson and Co., the gentleman who kindly brought them to Colac, ha« been communicated with on the subject, and he savs (reports the Reformer) that he distinctly I old the person who took charge of the fish, that they should not be allowed to stand still in the cans, or they would die from want of air. Ue was sure the fi'h would have survived the journey to the Gellihraud, and hack to Ballarat, if nceessaT, in the same w»ter, and their death h- attributes to their being allowed to remain quiescent without air. He took one of the cans with fry on to Camper down, kept them there until he lunched, giving the water an occasional f-hake to AUtw the atmosphere to permeate the fluid, and then conveyed them some twenty miles to their destination, which was reached, without mishap occurring to his young charges. Mr. Valentine regrets that he cannot obtain more of the trout at Ballarat this season, -but he will en deavour to secure a supply of their English brethren for Col«c waters. It is no übo crying over spilt milk, but the lesson will not have proved without profit, if measures are so concerted in the future that similar blunders will be put as far beyond the range of possibility as can well be. Fob some months past various small estates in this district have been under going the process of sub-division, and the land, in smaller blocks, has been passed into nther hands. Not long ago tho Clarendon paddock, near Camperdown, was placed in tho market, when satisfac tory prices were realised. It will be observe! that Mr. Daskein, who pur chased 140 acres, has subdivided that area imo ten-acre blocks, and ha? placed it in the hands of Messrs. St. Quintin and M "Donald, auctioneers, of Warrnambool, for sale early next month. It is known to our readers that Bome of the fruit growers of this district have sent exhibits to tho Colonial and Indian Exhibition now open in London. Amongst the exhibitors are Sir. T. P. Errey, junr., of Cobrico, and Mr. G. lliKlgers, of Brucknell. The former sent home fivo cases in all, and the following are the ]>articulars of tho consignment :— Shipped on 2nd April—First case Winter Greening and Reinetto de Canada; second case—Red Colville, Royal Russet, Late Wine, Cleopatra, London Pippin, Scarlet Nonpareil. Shipped 30th April- First case—Winter Greening ; second case—Winter Majctin, Annie Elizabeth, Northern Spy, Reinette de Caiuula, Oladneys Red. Shipped 14th May- One case of Stunner Pippin, Newtown Pippin Yellow, Northern Spy and Winter Peach. Apples sent by Mr.'G. Rodgers: —No. 1 shipment^Reinette do Canada, White Pippin, Cleopatra, Shepherd's Perfection, Late Wine, Smith's Cider, Scarlet Golden Pippin, Stansile, Tusca loosa Seedling, Dutch Mignonne. No. 2 shipment—Winter Greening, Kentucky lied Streak, Stunner Pippin, Chronicle. The meeting of ladies convened to be held at the Mechanics' Institute, on Wed nesday afternoon re the proposed Turf Club bazaar, was not largely attended. Nothing definite was doue; but it is prubable that the h«n. secretary (Mr. C. M'Arthur) will wait on the ladies person ally for the purpose nf obtaining their co operation in the movement. The news regarding tho rise in the price of wool was received with pleasure in this district. Times have been vory bad recently for graziers, with one thing and tho other going against them, but it would seem as if tho tide was about to turn at last. We are glad to state that Mr. Walls J.P., who lias been for some weeks pait seriously ill, has now recovered so far as to be able to partially resume his public and private duties. He attended the Siiiro Hall committee meetinp yesterday, and was heartily congratulated by his fellow members, on his reappearance amongst them. Tub election of a member to represent Benambra in the Legislative Assembly in the room of the late Mr. P. B. Wallace, took place on Tuesday. The returns show that Mr. P. Wright, who represented the constituency in a former Parliament, has been elected by a majority of 88. • Tenders were opened on Thursday in Melbourne for additions to State school, No. 114, and quarters of head teacher Camperdown. The tender of Messrs. M'Crae and Fnllarton was accepted for £3390. Several tenders were received, and it is gratifying to know that the con tract will be in the hsnds of a local firm. Superintendent Chambers returned to Melbourne yesterday by the mid-day train, after conducting a police enquiry at Warrnambool. The result of the enquiry will be made known in due time, i The adjourned meeting of the com mittee of tho Camperdown Atbletio Olub will bo held at the Mechanics' Institute on Monday evening, at 8 o'clock. To Slit netting of the BJn^Kbbpn Bocietj for tbe season win be held in the Tf mperancoHall, at7.30 p.m.;an Monday, 2l*t iurt. AddrjMei irill be giten by ministers and other gentlemen, and the choir will tender writable elections of muiic during the evening. Mr. 0. Har rison, J.P., will preside. We understand that the Presbyterian congregation at Cobden have resolved to call the Rev. John M'Laren. late of Fitzroy, to the cbarj-e. Mr. M 'Laren has been conducting services in the district, with evident acceptance, for several Sabbath*. The call will be duly con sidered by the Mortlake presbytery. ! At thePolice Court on Thursday, before Mr. G. Harrison. J.P.. two inebriates named John Walter and John Giffen were fined 5s each. The fine in each case was paid. : IS will bo noted, from our advertising columns, that Mr. L. Breeks is a cash buyer of hares, wild fowl, and all kinds of game, at tbe Camperdown lailway station. The highest prices are given. Me. Jas. T. Butler, of Macarthur, writing to the Hamilton Sptetator, sug gests tho formation of a Western District FootbtU Association, adopting the rules j of the .Melbourne Association, and the services of professional umpires. Perhaps the footballers in this district will take the subject into consideration. A cobeesposdext at Glenluce, a town ship on the River Loddon, near Castle maine, reports that on Friday last, about half-past eight in the morning, a very dis tinct shock of earthquake was felt at that placf, accompanied by a loud report and followed by a subterranean rumbling, which lasted about sixteen or eighteen seconds. Similar phenomena are said to have been noticed about the same time at Green Gully, about five miles from Glen luce and near Mount Franklin, which is an extinct volcano. Tbk warrant issued agiinat Henry Bennett, formerly uf Martoa, auctioneer, for obtaining money by false pretences by rowans of a valueless cheque, has been cancelled. The warrant was taken out by a well-known and popular hotelkeeper in Ballarat, who ha* since received the value for the cheque. Bennett turned up at Silverton. in Sew South Wales. Mr. John Thornton will hold his übuil sale nf live stock to-day. Messes. XeUon and R"tt announce a tale of hawker's guods at their rooms to-day. Mb. \V. R. Wright, the well-known pianaforte toner soil repairer, is now in Camperdnwn, and orders left at the Lean hotel will receive attention. 