A SALLATION ARMY WEDDING. NEARLY 4000 people assembled in the Congress Hall at Clapton on September 16, to witness the mar riage of Colonel Ballington Booth, the second son of General Booth, with Miss Maud Charlesworth, the daughter of the Rev. S.Charlesworth. Once before there was a wedding in the family of General B soth, upon strict Salvation Army lines, the last occasion being the marriage of Mr: Bramwell Booth. The proc.edinge of to-day differed very little from those -of the first. Many of the vast audience had paid their ebillie"ge for admission to the service, while others were invited as friends. Not even at a wedding can the Salvatioa Army do without a collection,. and. one was made before the proceedings closed. Outside the hall were flags and. banners, hut inside there was little to mark the event out as different from any service, except an occa sional motto like "God bless the union." On the platform the Uene ral sat in the centre surroundeni by his wi'e and sons and daiughters. The bride sat between Mrs. General Booth and her sister, Mrs Barclay, who, with the Rev. Mr. Barclay was also presant, and a number of staunch supporters of the Army. Hymns were sung, to the accompani meut of a band, prayers offered, and a portion of the scripture read. The General then read the rorm of mar riage in the army, and expounded it. Where it differa from any other form is chiefly in the fact that it enjoins upon the parties contracting life long devotion to the army as well as to each other. The' bride and bridegroom then stood up on either side of the General, and re peated their declarations after him in a firm voice, accepting each other as lawful and wedded husband and wife, and "Continual comrades in this war ;" the 'eneral clasped the hands of each together, and the bridegroom placed the ring on the hands of his bride, and they were pronounced to he man and wife in' the name of the Father, the Son, and the Holy Ghost amoid the ringing " Atnens" of the Salvationists pre sent. The bride wore her ordinary simnple army costume, without a honnett, with a white silk sash over her left shoulder.-Pall Mall Gaz zetle. 