BIG JI TI. * " He's-a bully!" " He?s acoward!" " He's got hang !'* Thsfs-liis. third man!" ^ The one narrow street of the fron tier towa was; filled' with" a surging cromd oi excited inen^ There were Indian; fightere,. scouts,, gamblers,, tramps,, miners, speculators—every thing and everybody.. « Every town has; its bully—every frontier town. BigJim was the bully of Hill City.. He could drink more, curse louder,, shoot .quicker and start si low sooner than any other ma.n "When hefshot Limber Joe it was a stand-off: It was rough against rough. Whoever went under,, the town would be the gainer.. The death of his second victim brought him a. certain respect,, for be had given the man a fair show.. There .was a limit to the number of men one might shoot in the Hill City. Jfc was three times and out. Big. Jim had. killed his third'. . , " Two hundred men—all' excited —su-ged down the street to the Bed Star saloon bent on venge ance:. Big Jim and the man he had killed were alone in the place.. " Bring, him out!" " He?s got to hangV'" " Bring: out the bully and cow ard !" There- was a rush, hut it was Checked^ Men had pistols and knives m their haiids, but the sidit Of Big Jim with a "navy" in. each hand cooled their ardor.. A K£e for a life is not revenge: They , lied- when, they ealled him a bully. Bullies strike and; ran or bluster aad dare not strike and they lied when they called him a coward.. Cowards do not remain to face death. Big Jim advanced a little.: The crowd fell back. He stood,in the door aiii surveyed the mob aseooly as am other man; might have looked: up at the pme- covered cresfc of Carter's Peak. The mob grew, quiet. There were 200 right hands clutching deadly weapons, but not a baud moved. Two hundred to one is appalmg odds, but the one was master., Seem-'ug tq. face every man of them:—seeming to cover every Breast with the black muzzles of Bis revolvers—the man backed away up the road: into the darkness, out of their .sight and'hearing. He said not a-wordl There wasn't a whisper from the crowd until he had disappeared. Then men drew long breaths of relief. A terrible menace has passed away. \- Out into- the darkness—down the rough road—over the rude bridge, and there Big Jim put up hls revolvers., turned his face square- to the West, and stepped out without a look back at the camp. It was ten miles to Harney's Bend. Men driven from the one camp took refuge In the other. The half way laud mark was a hit of a valley skirted by a creek. Wayfarers who were journey tag. by team many tunes halted here. On this night there was a lone waggon. Under the canvas cover slept a mother and four children. Besting agaiust the wheel" was-the basbandTancl father,, bis peqiing into the darkness—his eyes drinkinv in every sound. ° Big Jiur'ghad not reached the valley vet when the still night air v. as rent with vvarwhoops—the crack of rides— the screams of a woman and her chi 1 Indians had discovered the.lone and almost defenseless fam ly. There was five scalps to adorn their lodges. , The bully and the coward' had not been discovered. He could find a safe hiding, place; Did he ? A half-dozen .screaming, yelling fiends were dancing; abau the waggon —shooting, striking, dodging--Joking ia bn the one white; man who some! how escaped their blows and bullets., when tfiTe was a1 cheer and rush, and ' mvjs- ' begai to.- c&clu; Sikty easily they were dazzled by bis fine promises, and the poorer they were the less likely to face the expense of a prosecution. "I should never have supposed," some one'-In the carriage observed, "that any sensible hard-working young wonisn would _permit herself to be deluded by such a bare-faced black guard.", , " But you forget that it is not the sensible sort who advertise their matrimonial wants," replied Mr. Fitzgerald pleasantly, " and you like wise jseem to .have forgotten what I have already told you as to his_ being j so handsome, and that his manner was as fascinating as bis face and-figure, and 1 need not say be was always, well dressed. You wonder they were such fools as to be gulled by'him? Why, sir, lie's had as many cases m hand between Sunday and Saturday as there are days in the week, with as many dodges according to his mode of treatment required for each subject. But he had one bait that—so I have heard him say a dozen times—seldom or never failed. Having sought an interview , with the lady who had ad ver tsed and " made a favorable im pression on her, he would give her to understand" that the reason why he was desirous of meeting with a shrewd land sensible woman for his wife was that he was about to take a public l house—a lodging house/he would make it, if she was likely to object to the other scheme—aud that iu such a business a single man was always at a lost. -He would induce her to go with him to/nspect the house he was nego-1 Hating for, and having let her so far into his plans, a very few days after he might pretty safely put . the screw on,, which was done by sending her a| hasty message to the effect that he was suddenly called on to pay a heavy de posit or give up the negotiation, and that his capital being invested^o that-, he could not realise it for a week- or so,, he would be glad if she would] send bim what money she had, so that j he might without delay pay the re-! quired amount."- " And. I tell you, continued Mr.. Fitzgerald, chuckling ] at the joke, "that five times - out of j six it came off.. 'I've Tknown'—I am quoting, the very words I heard the rascal use—' I have khowp a .girl, said he,' not only take all her savings out of the bank,, but pa wn her watch and any articles of jewellery she might happen to have—her best clothes, even—rather than risk offending the dashing - lover she had hooked and breaking off. the match.- The party I a.m speabing-of used to say aud. upon my word,.you know, under the cir cumstances,.. there, is some truth in it,. that most of them deserved to be' served out %for their presumption Fancy a spinster of forty, and just about as plain as they make 'em, or a twelve-stone cook, or honsekkeper, with eighteen years' excellent charac ter in the situations where she's saved her bit of money,, having, the vanity, to believe that a man the right side of j thirty, and handsome enough to marry a duchess, could be smitten with her. ■ And yet it is a. fact that not only would they think it probable, but take it most confoundedly to heart when they discovered that they had been hoaxed.. 'I renieihber there was ...one case he -made mention of—-a ladies' maid, a irdddle-aged,..plainpiece - of goods as ever was left on the shelf, who made so sure of presently -being made jVtrs.. ——-whatever the fel- j low's name was—that when she found herself left alone, minus all tier world- j ly goods, including her boxes-she- had sent on to the railway station; she was i so mad that she made . a hole in -the . water." r . •' • • " j hope Tit. was her- ghost that ] frightened the villain to; death in the silver mine you spoke of," nay friend remarked. "But perhaps, after all, it was a kinder fate that that she would have been doomed to had she. married the heartlesssseouudreL" " There I agree wit-hyou," smaling ly responde^Mti^ifzgevald, who had finished his cigar and wag. engaged in artistically tfUnjhihg "hi$ finger nails; " nevertheless,' there is no denying that the fellow was possessed of talent of a rare .sort. Jfot the sort that you and I, as men of high moral sensi bilities, can appreciate, of course," he ; continued, with a thinly-disguised sneer; " but' still, as I: -say,- a rare talent. Happily it is so. Still, one occasionally hears of scoundrels of this class." By this time we wfere nearing the .end of our journey. "■ What you have told us," con tinued my friend. " recalls to my miud the report of a case I read in a news paper—It is some time ago now—of an individual who, judging from his character, might have been the twin brother of the rascal who confided to you his private affairs. I forget -his name, but it was Archibald something or other." The penknife with which Mr. Fitzgerald - was operating at the moment on his thumb nail made a slip and drew bio >d, on which, with a muttered imprecation,' he shut up the weapon - and put it in his pocket. "He, too, was handsome, but his ; blackguardism was of a deeper dye • than, thai your friend .and a few cases seconds later, dead sileaee jbad fallen upon the valley. One—two—three dpadIndians, The immigrant leant agaiiist tliewagg on, faint with a wound in* the head, The wife looked out with -an awful terror at her, heart. Bullets had chipped and splintered wheel and body. " Whd"are~yoii"askeclTfbe immi grant, as# figure approached: him fr6m the darkness. " Big Jim." " - - '• You have saved us from a' mas-; sacre." ./■ • " Yes, it was well that Ij happened along! Bouse np the fire, for there is" no further danger." , When the blaze caught the fresh ;fagots aud lighted up the little valley, the immigrant counted the dead Indians again—^-one—two—three, lie turned with extended hand, but Big Jim had departed. Next day, when men from Hills and Harney's found his dead body besides the rocks a mile away, with five wounds which had let his life life-blood out, they whispered to each other : - " We thought we kuo ,ved him, but we didn't." 