THE THEATRE AND THE " CHURCH. AN ADDRESS BY THE REV. E. R. GRANT. At tho Unitarian Church, Liverpool-street, on Sunday, an address was delivered by tho Rev. E. R. Grant on the subject of " Tne Ohurch and the Stage," in reference .to which so much public discussion hits taken place lately. Basing his . remarks on the text " use this world as not abusing it, Mr. Grant said : — My snbjeet is " The Theatre and the Church." Several gentlemen have alreaiy given public utterance to vnrions sentiments in relation to " Theatres and Theatre-going." These gentlemen have a perfect right to their own individual opinion, and if I venture to succeed them in their remarks, it is not to praiso them on the one hand or to blame on the other, but simply to express an additional word, which, as it seems to mo, ought to bo spoken. A respectable and important class of our fellow-citizens look upon this theatre-going with serious disapproval, and with undis guised fear as to the consequences on the morals of tho more flexible part of the com munity and on the future of religion. I do not share either their disapproval or their fear ; neither do I venture to reply to their honest couvictions with satirical denuncia tions. I may think their zeal mistaken and their fears utterly groundless, but if they think that the cause of religion or public morality is endangered they have a perfe ct right to say what they tuink, and to act accordingly. If, however, stones must bo cast at the theatre, they must be thrown by other hands, and not mine; and I will toll you why. I am, I imagine, within the foots of the case when I say that there are in these day3 very- few, even of religious men, of modcrato meaus, who would like to confess that they do not possess a copy of Shakespeare's plays. I know 1 am within the fact when 1 say that not a year passes without some bishop or dean, canon or cardinal, even in the pulpit and on a Sunday, entering into friendly rivalry to say tho most kindly and appre ciative word they can for the genius, imagi nation and world-wide fame of the Bard of Avou. I think I am right also in confessing that very many religious people have already found their way into the concert-room — into the charmed circles at tho opera nnd into the brilliant gaiotiesof the ballroom- And there can bono harm in acknowledging the fact thnn an impoverished exchequer has often been .replenished by dramatic readings — through thrilling tragedy or screaming farce given in the schoolroom belonging to the church. Where shall we draw the line in this matter, then? Howshall we measure out the responsibility 1 Where shall fear begin to enter ; aud where shall wisdom put down its foot I is work in a theatre, when critically clever, wicked, and the same play, when artistically abominable, praiseworthy because acted iu a schoolroom I Arc our thoughts clear on this matter ! Arc we moved by justice iu the one ease, and is there no prejudice in the other I Carlylc once said in writing tr Emerson, " May ths Lord de liver us from cant ; may the Lord, whatever else wo do or forbear, teach us to look acts honestly in tho face and to beware (with a kind of shudder) of smearing them over with our despicable aud damnable palaver." " .Uay the Lord deliver us from it," says he and is not the prayer a wise one, ospeciully iua controversy of this kind; Gootho acknow ledges that -'The theatre lias often been at variance with the pulpit." "But," he says, "thev ought not to quarrel," nnd adtls, " How much is it to be wished that the cele bration of nature and of God were entrusted to none but men of noble minds." And why may this not bo so ! We have already learnt that there is a religion of health as well as n religion of the spirit, aud we have yot to learn that there is a religion of amusement too— and wo have to learn this further, tlrut the calling of unamuscr is a sacred calling. And we need in relation to this matter to be wise aud stroug and generous — to think bravely aud net justly, and not to flop down like jellyfish at the suggestion of every new difficulty. Is it not something to say iu favor of the theatre that all the evils which liavo been charged upon it — justly or unjustly — have not been able to crush it I And that in the whole of Christ endom it continues to oxist in spite of nil opposition, and iucteuses every year not ouly in power but iu purity .' Does not this suggest that there is something iu human nature thnt must aud will iiave fitting nourishment I We must put tills mat ter, then, ou tire broader basis which uffirms that public amusomcnts are absolutely neces sary to public wellbemg — necessary physic ally and mentally, aud by consequence they arc helpful morally aud religiously also. We cannot, of course, deuy all the darkness, sadness aud sorrow there is in life ; but we must not let the mind dwell upon this too much, for sadness loses its solemnity if it tie made perpetual. Theocritus, the weep ing philosopher, was no less onesided than Dumocritus, the laughing philosopher. And if we would reach the" fullest strength of life we must seek to be not onesided. We must not always look at tliu dark side of tilings aav more than on tho bright side — or if we do, then " That way madness lies." The problems and evils of life are heavy enough in all conscience, but we do not" refuse to eat because some starve, or to clothe our selves because some are iu rags, or refuse enjoyment beoauso there is much misery in the world. Wo know that life is burdened by constant responsibility, and is full of solemn duty ; but we know this nlso, that after rest and relaxation the mind springs to duty like an arrow to its aim, like a lark to tire sun. If there be no relaxation, the spirit gets weary, tho conscience morbid, lifo is overclouded, and just judgment fails fainting iu the street. Amusement, then, instead of being a sin, is a positive duty, a Divine law too lung ovorlooked, but a law which is never neglected with impunity nor broken without suffering. This lifo of ours is not loo easy and is somewhat overcrowded with toil, which is evermore being beckoned beyond its tine bounds, by the stimulus of personal interest, competition, and ambition. But we must not lose sight of the fact that any of our faculties cannot be kept iu unbroken strain without danger. The bow will not stand constant tension. The string must be slackened ut times. Tlio due exercise of our powers gives pieusuro ; their undue exercise brings pain— a paiu for which there is no remedy but repose, nud that not the repose of inactivity, but of pleasurable excitement, llerico some of our faculties have pleasure for their sole object and end. Take our lnughtor and our boijo, our love of music and love of tire beautiful, with our sense of humor nnd our enjoyment of wit. These are distinctive of man, and when they are com bined in a well-balanced nature then hope is brighter, life Is stronger, either to do or to bear, and man is altogether more powerful for good aud less morbid, und, therefore, less inclined to evil. I take these faculties, then, as indicating duties as well us pleasures— tho duty of trying to bo bright aud merry, brave und glad — and to reach this we must exercise the humorous aud pleasure-loving powers of our nature, and wc may do tills so wisely nnd thoroughly as to prove tliat they are not inconsistent with the necessary sobriety nud seriousness of lifo. Hence we find Shakespeare giving us, not only Shyloek, hut Dogberry aud Bottom, the Weaver, as well as lliuulct. I am not going to apologise for these amusements, or ask tliat they may ho permitted as nil occasional innocent indulgence : I rather insist upon them us a positive part of real human duty, to neglect which is to gravely imperil the safety and repo3e, the strength aud stamina, of the people. And if this kind of nmusement is more telling, more effective, and more attractive in tho theatre than elsewhere then it is certainly wise to go there rather than to some other place whore it is less effective and less attractive. And being performed in full sight of every one — often in the presence of our chief citizens, and sometimes iu the presenco of the Governor himself — how can there ho any thing more orderly or legitimate I i fully admit that this kind of pleasure is always iu danger of being overdone, especially by u certain class of people, and that the very attractiveness of the theatre may prove a snare to such, but tbis objection, us an ob jection, falls to the ground the moment you look at it. Tho same holds good about eat ing find drinking, about money-getting and dressing, about religious services and prayer- meetings. All these, when carried to ah cxtrcine, have a dangerous side, bat we do not therefore prohibit eating and drinking ; we do not prohibit money- getting and dress ing ; wo do not prohibit religious services or prayer- meetings ; and why prohibit tlieso amusements ? Like all other things, pleasure has its time and place iu relatiuh to tho more serious concerns of life, and what that time and place is each must decide for him self. Tho right or the wroug, the quantity or the quality, must be settled by tho indivi dual in the same way in- which ho settles all tire other important matters connected with his life. ' The old Puritan objection 1 know still lives, and it is often said " That tho tendency of pleasure is to draw the mind away from God and goodness and serious things but it is not true. Tho merriest and happiest people are not the most wicked. They are far outstripped in actual sin aud in bad influence by the reckless money-getter, who does not caro for pleasure at nil, or by the ambitious man, who climbs to distinction at whatever injustice to his fellow-men. We do not deny the wrong of pleasure to excess, we do not deny that it has fascinations for weak and indolent minds, but we assert that in these respects it only occupies the same grounci with many other things, and iu this, ns in other things, we must learn to use the world and not abuse it. Against this Puritan ob jection we put the words of men like Canon Kingsiey, who said, " 1 have derived more practical Christianity from reading Shake speare's flays aud seeing them eflacted on the stage tliau from any sermon I ever heard preached from tho pulpit." What are all mere sentimental objections niter that 1 Of course tbe unthinking may be attracted simply by the scenery. They see ilamlet and tbe Ghost — the trappiugs, the spangle and the glitter ; but how many sit spell- hound ns thoy gaze on guilt peering through all its disguises — as they hear the stealthy step of Nemesis heralding tlio fast- coming doom, as they wonder at the genius which murks tho delicato oscillations of a great mind between superstition nud philo sophy, between madness und love, between filial affection aud revenge 1 The moral feel ings nro simply intense under such condi tions, aud they are generally moved in the right direction. Of course the child laughs at the clown, nud listens with puzzled mer riment to the sententious fool in his motley dress, with his cap aud bells ; but the grown man, as he watches him, says, " This fool has matter in him ; this is mtuluess with a method in't." And they take home — the one pleasant memories, and the other, if not a wiser heart, at least a rested brain, and that is something in a world like this. Nay, let a Puritan himself answer tho Puritan objection. Professor Illaekie, orthodox and evangelical, says, " 1 have much oftener felt the gracious teardrops of human sympathy and devout piety drawn from my eyes by the vivid impersonations of the stage titan by the most fervid appeals of eloquence ever delivered from a pulpit." These practical utterances of solid and . serious men should have much weight with religious people and should moderate their unwise antipathy to legitimate pleasure, or, if they will force their prejudices, then thoy must face a possible repetition of tho well- known result to an earlier contest of this kind, when, as Mneaulay says, " The short sighted policy wuieh aimed at making a nation of saints had made a nation of scoffers." The history of the Inst hundred years shows very clearly that the church cannot put down the theatre. It is a social and moral foreo iu our modern life. It may be regulated and iui roved, but it cannot be crushed, and it is a fatal policy on tile part of the church to cut itself off from anything that is truly human. It was a so- called pagan who said Noiiiiuz Hurt i9 human Is foreign to mo. And if the church i3 to maintain its hold on tho living interests of our time it must not become less but more lutmnn. Already the story of Redemption lias ceased to move the men of Sydney as it moved the peasants of Palestine and the colonists of Asia Minor, and if they are to he linked each to cncu by natural piety it must he thiough the human instincts, through domestic sanctities, and through the pleasures which hold us us men to the hi'-her possibilities of life. This ninctemitu century shows us that cheerful ness is going to be married to devotion, thnt tin: days of sorrow should he numbered, and the days of asceticism ended A semi-pious weak- mindedness has had its turn tuo long, aud to sucii an extent that large classes of men, of all degrees of culture, care nothing for the church to-day, not because they are immorpl or irreligious, hut because they seo that hunuiiity and molality nnu religion are not hounded, or even sometimes represented, by the church as it now is. Human interests are broad as human need, but tho church is often narrow as the pettiest sectarian desire. And if there is to be for ever, as now, a great gulf between the uliurch and the world, then, minister of Christ, as I am, 1 would latlier take my dace and my part with the world than with the church. I would rather take my dace with our common humanity than with uny elect portion of it. 1 would rather work for the confessed shiners tliau with the self-assumed saints, tor I believe in one who is tho light of tile world, mid not the light of the chuicli alone, and Unit he is more permanently a resiJent with the common heart and with the everyday fortunes and feelings of man kind at largo than with any fraction cf it, however seieet mat fraction may be. But some, admitting the possibility of a pure and well-regulated theatre, still object ' tlrat connected with it there has been and still is a corrupting hind of literature." 1 should be very sorry to defend, and certainly should not attempt to justify or exeus", many cf the dramatic productions of 2u9 years ago, or some of a much later date. This matter- is sometimes referred to sorrowfully ; it 1ms its sorrowful side, but, with your permission, I will refer to it with pride. We cannot rcr/l these old plays now, much less sec them noted, our moral sense has become so acute. Wo have outgrown them — we have risen above them, our I aste has vastly improved, nnd it is improving still. We can measure the progress already made, and we are proud of it. Wo admit the iow moral toue of some piays, but, on the otberdiand, wo glory iii the splendid high moral tone of others. Many or our greatest dramatists are free from stain, or if not absolutely free, they are free to a greater extent tliau was the Common oi Jiuary literature of their time; and what there is of this is of a kind far more appreciable to our nicer sense of pro priety than it was to tire ruder taste of their own age, nud they are rather to ho praised for their superiority to the morality of their own time than to he condemned for any slight infringements upon our more refined manners. No writer has given us purer women than Shakespeare. They were saints without having first been Magdalens ; and there are many modern plays where even a Madonna could not find a line to obliterate. If we are to reject the drama because some of it has been impure, must we not reject other literature on the same ground? But why should I spurn Milton or Tennyson, or Dickens or the Bible, because somebody was unwise enough or wicked enough to write "Tom Jones "or " Moll Flanders." This again, you see, proves too much, and to act on such an objection simply leads to absurdity. But some say, ' There can he no defence for the way in which plays are now acted." And we are told that tho theatre to-day is the hotbed of vice, intemperance and licentious ness ; that it glosses over evil and lets sin go unreproved ; that it mocks at goodness, makes villainy successful, applauds roguery, profanes religion and blasphemes God. But is this true? Many Christian people say it is, but they admit they never go to see. By what right, then, do they make such fearful charges ? is that " judging just judgment" ? is that " the charity that thinketh no evil" ? It may be admitted that imperfection leaves some stain upon every branch of its man agement, but is not that true of every institution you can mention ? And if you destroy every "Sodom and Gomorrah" where the good does not predominate over the evil, you would have to begin at other places, and not at theatres. But where evil exists, as it does in some theatres, tho evil is accidental and not necessary, and might be cast out, and would be cast out if all good men were wise enough to forget the policy of wholesale condemnation, and just try a little practical reformation. Sup pose we should give up all our churches to astlrotie lecturers, what right should we have to complain that their tone was not predominantly Christian ? And if religious men give up anything in itself allowable to men who make no pretence to religion, how can you wonder if they scoff at that sort of religion ? Religion of the Chadband order may come in for a scathing and merciless trouncing, and a good thing, too ; but I have yet to learn that any manager permits his actors to wilfully scoff at truth or justice, or goodness, or at any of tho deeper human feel ings of life. Then as to actors and actresses, many still think that they can scarcely live a blameless or irreproachable life, and look upon their profession as scarcely honorable ; but the degradation of this, to me, is in the meanness of the conception which can think such thoughts, and under the cloak of religion try to perpetuate them. When you seek to unjustly degrade any profession you cannot be surprised that some, feeling the sting of your injustice, should scorn you, and take what revenge they can. This was precisely what was done in tho case of thu earliest secular players. The old priestly performers of miracle plays were very jealous of these new secular players. There fore the church repudiated them, denounced them, and then persecuted them in all petty ways, and the feud has been kept up through all the generations down to this day. But is it not time this was all altered ? Actors and actresses are beset with quite enough of diflioulty without crediting tlmm with vices and follies of which, in simple justice, they ought to be held innocent' until they are proved to be guilty. They have to live as the lawyer and the preacher have to live, by appealing to tbe intellect, the heart and im agination of men. And what if their object be specially amusement instead of justice or religion ? Tticir temptations are not less on that account, but ffiore, and those who under such difficulties win for themselves nn honorable name are worthy of all praise. We can admit that, all actors are not good, any more than all tradesmen are good, or any more tliau all doctors and clergymen nre good ; but we can atlirm that many hnvo risen to real eminence morally and socially, and whose influence has beeu for good, aud good only. We might easily seieet many names, past .and present, which shine like gems ou thu beadroll of fame. Kir Joshua Reynolds v.us not guilty of ex travagant compliment, but showed that be could appreciate real worth, wb«n, on putting the finishing touches to a portrait of Mrs. Siddons, he was observed to be apparently elaborating some embroidery on her dress, but on closer inspection it was seen that he was carefully painting in his own name. The great actress remarked on the trouble he was taking, when he replied, " Madam, 1 consider it the highest honor to have my name handed down to posterity — even on the hem of your garment." Such praise might be given to many. Along this line of thought, then, we may come, I think, without violating any just principle, without inter fering with anything except a few unwise prejudices, to the following conclusions: — That amusement is no sin, but a positive duty, and therefore legitimate. That the calling of an actor is not only a worthy one, but may be made useful and honorable. That a pure theatre is conceivable iu thought and possible in practice. And that the churcu, by generous and wise action, uiny givc it such encouragement as to in a lie it one of the most powerful institutions for human go-xl in our modern social life. 'That being so, I would say to the theatre — Biwe to liavo sense yeurtolver ; uriurt tlio -togo ; jiu justly wnrmedtwUU your own ualiw r.tge; Such |'Iiu s ulono ihoutll win u BrtiUh t\u' Aa Ciito'jj self iu Aiid to the church I would say, 41 Use every man after his desert, aud who should 'scape whipping J" Follqw the great Master, and do unto others as yc would that they should do uuto you. aud the people will yet hear you gladly ; or if you eaniiwL riso to all that implies, theu let this be your guide — Honor awl shaino from no condition riso ; Act well your part — liierj ul tbo honor lies. 