Political. PABIiIAMENTABX PICKINGS. (By 'PlKKAX.') Belore the House met yesterday Mr. Hassall ana Mr. Gormly happened to be JM- llHTig together in the library about the ' proposal of Mr. W. J. Fergiisson to pay members Bitting -m select oonimitteeB on private bills. Mr. Hassall rather liked the idea, and in answer to an objection from Mr. Gormly that the .£25 necessary for paying members would be a great tax upon parties interested in the passing of private bills, (said that the £25 was only mentioned in order to leave a fair margin of Bxpenurnure, ana aia ~no\ mean xnai- oauu bbibul committee should be paid ^25. To this Mr. Gormly replied, 'Ye eantellbymeaobint that pun not Oirish, but Til tell ye a story an Oirishman. fconld me, and which bears upon the case.' And he then proceeded to 'cay how, in the ancient cityjof Cork, thirty years ago, there was a very pleasant gentleman named Jacfc HayeB. And this pleasant gentleman was much in the habit of going in picnics and fishing1 parties on the turbot basks and elsewhere, with, other pleasant (gentlemen. And before they started it was always the custom of Mr. Jack Hayes to say, ' Boys, above all things see that you bring enough whisky; a jolly party when the whisky gives out is worse than a temperance wake; ana remember, boys, that it's much easier and pleasanter to bring too much whisky than to bring too little; if you bring- toomuohitfB easy to take the over pins home again, bat if you don't bring' enough where the divil are you f ' Now, as a- matter of fact, no party of which Mr. Jack Hayes was a member was ever known to bring back again as much «rl«alz-«r oo T*rrt*il-? wrtrt.t.a a. ff\nt. ^\a4-\i fr\y a. flan. ** oa Lever has pat it, 'and,' said Mr. Gormly, 'I'm think ing your twinty-foive pounds will be very loike Misther Hayes's too much whisky.' When, the House did meet a rumor ran around that Mr. Suitor intended to resign the Postmaater Generalship and to leave the Government. This caused several members of the Opposition to adopt quite a conciliatory manner toward Ministers, while on the other hand a number of Ministerial supporters began to look quite angrily at each, other, and Mr. Thompson was heard to say that it was quite like Mr. Ball's impudence, to fancy that he had any chance of the appointment. Mr. Beid having re turned from his trip toBeeotia, spread around him an atmosphere of that softness which turns away wrath. Mr. Proctor, copying1 the example set by the Premier, ' sneaked in' a petition which the Speaker found half an hour after it had been received, was really no petition at all. Wherefore, Mr, Barton spoke words of dignified wrath to Mr. Proctor. Michelago is in Mr. O'SnUivan'e constituency, and Mr. Eyrie rose to explain that all the trouble about the aite for the railway station there was caused by the fact that a well-to-do widow owned th« land on which some people wished the station, to be erected, whilst he owned the land on which the Government officers had determined to pat it up. Incidentally Mr. Eyrie mentioned that anything Mr. Abigail had insinuated about him in connection with this was not reliable, and he suggested that Mr. O 'Sulli- van, or possibly Mr. Abigail and the well-to- do widow migav conic wj mi &IU1U;*' vie **£:£uiigi3jiwiiiJttuuu.b inns un pleasant matter. Mr. Abigail said he bad in sinuated nothing about Mr. Eyrie, he had merely, out of kindness to that gentleman, related what people had said about Mr. Eyrie. The member for Braidwood was anxious to know who had told Mr. Abigail anything about him. Mr. Abigail, like the French father in the play, replied ' my little finger, ' and Mr. Ryrie at once eaid votre petit doigt est un menteur. Mr. Abigail remarked that it waa in con sequence of discussions like this that members often got weary and' passed away.' And a cry went up Irom the reporter's gallery ' Oh if they only would all pass away.' After a burning thirst for information on the part of the Opposition, the 'plants and sections of a mile and a half of railway to Kiama were agreed to. During the discussion, it was stated that the en gineers had experienced greater difficulty in getting into Kaama than the Eussiana had met when getting into Plevna, or a man would have in finding a hotel that did not sell liquor on Sunday. As proceedings about this time began to grow a little monotonous a HL&NBi-BD; reporter did his best to throw a little life into them by dropping a book on the head of an Oppo sition member. The book rebounded on to the table and the head sent forth a hollow Bound. Having given Ministers nearly three quarters of & million to do what they liked with, we got into com mittee on the Customs Bill, and at once started debate on import duties on various kinds of iron ; Mr. Melville making a start by interrupting every one from whom he differed, was rather promptly 'shut up' by the Speaker. So long as the committee stack to iron the debate was very fairly characterised by Mr. Ewing as one out of which ' the ghost of Grimaldi could not have raised a joke,' and in which even Paul Pry could not hare takes interest. On arriving- at 'jams,' how ever, a Blight change took piece. Mr. Foster took an opportunity of giving a chance to a jam manu facturer to defend himself against a priviieeed printed libel circulated by Mr. Dibbs in tne Houbo on Thursday night, and printed at the Govern ment Printing Office. Mr. O'Sullivan, who lias had some practice in. die tray of utter ing privileged slander, slept during these proceedings as being too much m his own line to interest him. Mr. Dibbs got very angry that a man against whom he had made most serious charges, privileged charges, in Parliament, should have re plied to him in terms as strong as those he himself used. But really, if a member .of Parliament in Parliament, accuses one who is not a member of very disgraceful practices, the accused person is not likely to be mollified merely because his accuser made these blunges under the cloak of privilege. Mr. Dibbs read & papeT from a tide waiter to justify hie chargesageinatthejammaniifacturer. This paper gave such a gruesome description of tinned jam that Mr. Lyall Scott declared he would never eat any more «f it, but when requested in future to partake of it ?would say, ''Kerosene, pleaee, in preference, there are no microbes or bacteria in that.' Then Mr. Dibbs went on to read a letter from a Government analytical chemist, which eaid the jam manufac turer had offeredt him a bribe to certify that jam was wholesome when it was not. Just here 'Mr. Lysaght concentrated the interest of the House upon himself by taking his Beat upon the back oppo sition bench, and .thereby giving a sufficiently definite, though merely temporary evidence . of his political views. The Government majority, incensed at the defection of Mr. Lyesght, deter mined that Me. Dibbs, having made fresh charges against the jam manufacturers, no one should be permitted to reply to him, though Mr. Foster said he bad documents ready to show that the new charges were not true. On this Mr. Beid talked quiet, good humored, sense ; and Mr. Thomson, asp bis wont, talked solemn nonsense. Bnt the Premier, who has a good, gentlemanly sense of fair play, acceded to Mr. Beid'e request that the matter, even if disorderly, should be fought out . there and then, and so fought nnt it, mu-. v Kierkfcm? it out involved the finp.stion. what was and what was not 'jam.' And at abou 1 o'clock in the morning it became to be pretty well agreed that, the best possible definition of what 'jam' really was would be found in describing in one word a public speech of Mr. Melville, in praise of the Ministry. Whilst this was going on,' Mr. Melville wb& engaged in carrying out his duty to the country and titie Government by working up a majority for fhe -Ministry, *And ie tlid this by . the usual liteans of pointing out ihat it would never do to let Parkes and the Opposition score a victory. But as he buttonholed and earwigged individual members,it became plain that had ft tnvision been possible, it would Have been dead against Mr. Dibbs's usual violent and hasty conduct. . ' iftr. Inglie got -ihe ?' ^committee back to hard facia by pointing out that it was & result of civilisation that nothing Bold as a pound weight' actually weighed a pound. Msbbts. MelvSie and Harold Stephen proceeded to Advise Sir Patrick JenninKE on tariffs generally, with the result that the Premier declared himself to be in the condition of 'the late Lord PalmerBton after he bad studied and read up ''the Scales wog-Holstein question for many years. He knew rather le6E about the subject than he did before he began to giv« it consideration. Mr. Lyne. retired to a tack bench and dreamed of histrip tothe Hawkesbnry. Mr. Wisdom gave what itoe icountsry gentlemaaa called » ~'matheeanieHi' definition of a lozenge, namely, ' an obloid or oblique parallelogram.' Exhausted by this dive into simple mensuration, Mr. Toohey threw a few dictionary. i&ndom; at the Opposition. Then. Mr. Williamson, assisted 'by Mr. Toohey, desirea that the committee fehould swallow the rest of the specific duties Whole. Bnt even gentle Sir Patrick Jennings declined to do fftSs, ana an adjournment was taken when decent people should have .been getting out of their beds. IiAUD fob, .Raii.watb.'— The Minister of Works, intends to include in the Government Railway BD1 » clause dealing with the subject of assump tion of land for railway purposes, and containing a provifiioqbyTvhich the circumstance of a rail way going through private land will be placed against the claim of the owner of the land for compensation. * ThiB .contra claim to be put for wj*rd by .the Government mil be based upon ihe wihancedflnalue which the railway will bring to the property, and it may-Deduce die claim of tie landowner 4© noHiing. S^oll power will be given bty^ahe clause to *onsider the enhanced value of theJand'tii»ou|^i wMchtiie railway goes, and lb ctednce the 'Sanaown'er's '«3im fox compensation aa^far^s the «nhanced value of the land may fracrantit. * * 4S 