FICTION. -:0: rroM Engllgb, America», und Other Periodical«. WAS HE MURDERED? CHAPTER XXVI {Continued). She thanked him with quivering lips, and stead- j fastly asserted that if it had not been for' him she ' never would have been saved ; while she reiterated, over and over again, that she would nover touch the vile drug which had so nearly proved her ruin, during the remainder of her life. She told him her story-told him of her happy, innocent childhood ; of her girlhood passed in plea- sant study with her father ; oí his death, her sub- sequent betrothal to the mau who had put such a terrible temptation before her, and of all the wretchedness of her downward course afterward. " You wore more sinned against than sinning," Mr. Stewart told her when she- concluded s "and the man of whom you have told me"-she had men- tioned no name-" will have much to answer for when he comes to be tried at the great tribunal be- yond this life." Sylvia gained îapidly after that visit. It had done her good to unburden her heart, while the wise kind counsels of her new friend cheered and encouraged her. In three weeks from that time she was pronounced fully restored and able to leave the hospital. Mr. Stewart came several times during those three weks, and every time thai he looked into her face, which was fast acquiring much of the fresh- ness and beauty of her earlier days, he wondered how it could have been possible for one so lovely, refined, and intelligent to descend to such depths as those in which he had found her. " Have you any plans for the future ?" he asked her one day just before she expected to leave the hospital. " I shall teach, I suppose, if I can find a situation since I am better fitted for that than anything else. But"-a wistful look coining into her beautiful eyes-" while I have been here my sympathies have been so aroused by the sufferings of those around me, I haye almost been tempted to turn nurse I told you that I once took care of a man during a dangerous illness," she continued with downcast eyes and a flushed cheek, " and it was said that my skill and faithfulness saved his life.*' Mr. Stewart regarded her thoughtfully for a few moments ; then said : " It seems like too menial of work for you ; you are above it-at least in one sense of the word, for you are fitted for almost any position in life ; but -I am almost tempted to say that I believe it would be the best thing in the world for you for a while, for it would keep hands, heart, and brain fully occupied, and that it is what you need at least for a time." After conversing" a while longer on the subject, Mr. Stewart took his leave, and then went directly to the head surgeon, told him of Sylvia's wishes, and made arrangements with him for her to be re- tained in the hospital as an assistant for a time. Meanwhile, he intended to find some safe and plea- sant home for her, where she could be occupied in a more congenial way. A few weeks sufficed to prove that no sweeter nor tender-hearted woman ever devoted herself to the good of others than Sylvia Houghton; and, when, one day, application was made hy a wealthy gentle- man for some one to go and take care of a sick child she was chosen for the work. She was so successful, and won so upon the hearts of her patrons, that they recommended her to a friend, and she in turn to others, until the beauti- ful woman was so sought after that |she could not respond to the applications which poured in upon her. She seemed to carry healing wher- ever she went, performing her duties with such sweetness, and patience, and sympathy that all who carne in contact with her grew to love her. Only once did she have occasion to do battle with the fierce appetite which had once possessed her with that one mighty passion of her life. It was occasioned by being obliged at one time to administer strong doses of laudanum to a patient and the fumes of the powerful drug seemed, for a season, likely to drive her mad. - But it was only for a little while, though the conflict took all her strength and made her nearly 1 «I can die!" she wailed, pressing her white hands to her wildly throbbing temples, and pacing up and down her room, whither she had fled to fight her battle out alone, with nervous, trembling l steps:" I can die ! hut-I will never yield! Oh; Heaven ! destroy-exorcise- crush out the life of this demon within ine." That agonized prayer was heard. There came a great calm into Sylvia Houghton's heart after a little, and from that hour she was free j henceforth the old appetite had no power over her. When she told Mr. Stewart of it afterward, his face glowed with feeling. " Never let go the rope which links heaven with earth and you are safe," he said, earnestly. " By the 'rope' you mean prayer?" she ques- tioned. "Yes. I thank God every day that my mother taught me how to pray," ho replied, reverently; and with fast-dropping tears, the woman whom he had saved thanked Him also. This in substance is Sylvia Houghton's story, and since she will henceforth be an important character in this tale, it seemed necessary to give it ; while as we follow her in the future we shall se« how it was possible for one who had sunk deep in the slough of sin aud degradation to rise triumphant from it to a position of usefulness and honor in the world, and all tho'batter fitted for her lifework for the suffering and sorrow through which she had passed. CHAPTER XXVII. SINGULAR COINCIDENCE. Simon Dodge, our So-called " archaeologist" and curiosity hunter, found himself very comfortable in the neat lodgings which ho had hired of the Widow Davis. He made it in his way to bo very agreeable to the blooming, good-natured matron, who kept his rooms so trim, prepared and served his meals with a daintiness which was as delightful as they were appetizing. And while she tripped in and out to wait upon him she proved to be tho most sociable little body in the world, and reeled off, as she well knew how to do, all the latest gossip of the town. She had been a resident of Welfleet for more than thirty years, was of an enquiring turn of mind, and possessed an excellent memory; con- sequently sfie had become a valuable repository of all the important events which had transpired during that time, while Mr. Dodge appeared in no way averse to availing himself of her superior knowledge. "lam sure, Mrs. Davis, I can't imagine how it happened that I was fortunate enough, for once, to drift into such a cozy, comfortable homo as you have made for me here," ho remarked, one morning, as he sat down to his neatly spread table, while IIÍB glance roved appreciatively over the steaming, tempting array before him. "It isn't often, I'm sure," he added, as he sniffed his fragrant coffee, " that a poor, lonely old bach' falls into such good hands as yours have proved to be." " Lor, sir, you're very good to say so," responded the widow, casting down her delighted eyes and blushing rosily, " but I'm sure one couldn't help , doing one's best to please a kind, pleasant-spoken gentleman like yourself." t " Thank ye, thank yo, madam ; but you do me too much honor. You've been most kind, and I shall not forget it. Then you are so well posted about your charming city, and have given nie so much information, that I find myself moro and more interested in it and in the people who live t here. Now there's the Minor Canon-I call him j a wonderful man. There's nothing you can tell him, he's read up in everything; and then he's > such a clean, whole-souled man ! His mother, too, j Mrs. Edmonds-a fine woman, she is. Then there's Mr. Knight, tho organist, your other L, lodger-he's quite a character; but-a-pardon me, madam, but isn't he somewhat peculiar ?" "Peculiar!" repeated Mrs. Davis, as if not I altogether conrprehending the inquiry. She had j known John Knight so long that his eccentricities, i if he possessed them, did not seem such to her. " Yes j perhaps, though, it may have come upon i him since his trouble. But it strikes me that he is a-a little touched in the upper story," said Mr. , Dodge, tapping his forehead significantly. " Lor ! no, sir," returned his landlady, in a very decided tone; "he has always been 'counted a , very smart man, and the best music-master in these parts 5 but, only between you and me, sir," ' the widow added, in a low tone, and glancing as if fearful that John Knight himself might be j listening at the keyhole, "I don't mind saying a that I am afraid he has a very bad habit. I think he is given to opium eating. I'm sore afraid it has grown on him since poor Mr. Herbert disappeared so strangely. His heart was sot on that \ boy, sir. Why, I've seen him sit and IOOK at him , all through service, when he wasn't at the organ, [ and never take his eyes off him ; seen hira sit and watch him as a cat would watch a mouse, with that longing, steady look that showed he was bound up in him." "Yes, yes; I've noticed myself, that a cat always watches a mouse very longingly," Mr. Dodge assented, dryly ; " so you think Mr. Knight eats opium ! well, that is a bad habit, Mrs. Davis," he concluded thoughtfully. Then glancing up at the clock, he exclaimed : " Bless me ; it is nearly service time, and I shall have to hasten my operations or I shall be late, and you know I would not miss a service for three breakfasts if I was able to go. Hastily dispatching his meal he arose and went out. Outside the door he held up his left hand and looked at it, spreading his fingers wide apart ; then with the forefinger of his right hand, he counted off four fingers, nodded his head two or three times and passed on. He went directly to the cathedral, reaching it just as the choir rose to sing the opening anthem. He quietly stole into a seat behind a huge pillar, where, having settled himself comfortably, he gave his closest attention to the music, and seemed to be particularly interested in the movements of the organist, regarding whom ho had heard such strange news that morning. It was not long, however, before he became conscious of the presence of a stranger near him sitting only a few seats in front of him and alco screened, by a pillar, from the choir. It was a lady, slight, but beautifully formed, elad in a neatly fitting black silk dress, with a lace mantle thrown about her shoulders. She wore a small tasteful bonnet with a black lace veil tied over her face. She scarcely moved throughout the service, and Simon Dodge, strangely interested in her, noticed that Bhe hardly took her eyes from the figure of John Knight. J±l the close of the service she stole out of the church very quietly, and seemed anxious not to attract the notice of any one; but in passing through the vestibule a button on the sieve of Simon Dodge's coat became entangled in the fringe ' of her mantle, and she was obliged to stop in order 1 to allow him to detach it. ] " Beg.pardon, miss," he said, with great courtesy, 1 " but when a man gets to my age he is a clumsy fellow. Hope I've done no damage," he concluded( < as he freed the intruding hutton and glanced rue- 1 fully at tho delicate garment she wore. í " Oh, no, indeed,'* replied a sweet clear voice, pray do not be troubled," and she would have passed on, hut he still detained her. " Thank you miss," he said, adding inquiringly, " I think you must be a stranger here. Ive not seen you at service before. Do you not consider our music fine ?" " Very fine," she briefly repliod, glancing uneasily around. " Our choir is called superior, and our master is considered something wonderful," Mr. Dodge remarked, trying to got a better view of the face beneath that black lace veil. The lady bowed but he noticed that the neatly gloved hands which held her parasol trembled' while she seemed anxious to get away from him. "I'm afraid," he went on, as if he wished to show her, a stranger, all proper attention, " wo shall not he able to keep him much longer, and it would be a sad loss to the church ; he does not seem well ; grows poor and pale, and, they say, has queer spells Perhaps you've heard about the tragedy which caused so much excitement here last winter ! well, it was his nephew, who was murdered, and I don't know as it is strange if he does have queer spells. However, this is hardly a proper subject to discuss with a delicate lady, and she a stranger, you must excuse an old man, and I won't detain you any longer." He lifted his hat, bowed deferentially, and turned away, but not before he had seen her shiver at his statement. *The lady lost no time in making her exit, and did not look hack once ; if she had she might have observed Simon Dodge sauntering idly after her, but, apparently, with no object in view, save the enjoynent of the delightful morning air. She sped around a corner of the church toward the west side, and when he also turned in the same direction, he saw her standing in a drooping atti- tude before the door which led down into the crypt, at which she was gazing very intently, as if there were mysteries within it which she longed to un- ravel. But, as if some magnetic influence warned her that she was being observed, she turned quickly, looked back, and upon beholding Mr. Dodge, she gave a start of affright, and moved on with a ner- vous tread, "There's^no one down there belonging to her, of course," Mr. Dodge muttered to himself, " for no one has been buried there during her day. Hum !" he added, thoughtfully, "it may be that others he sides myself arc interested in archaeological research. Think I'll have to hunt up Cripple, and have a look inside that musty old hole." He was about turning to retraco Ms steps when, upon second thought, he slipped down the stairs leading to the vaults, and carefully examined the door, having first assured himself that no one else was in sight. He stood there several minutes, and when ho turned to ascend the steps again, his foot overturned some of last year's leaves, which had collected there and become matted together from moisture and decay. Something white which lay underneath them cought his eye. He stooped and drew forth a handkerchief ; it was old and ragged j was covered with mud and mildew, and looked as if it had been there for months. Simon Dodge's blue eyes had a very strange ex- pression in them, as he smoothed it out and examined it with great care. A queer little chuckle escaped him when he discovered in one corner the initials " S. H." standing out plain and clear. As once before that day he lifted his left hand, regarded it with a satisfied smile, and with the forefinger of his right hand counted .off five. I Then-ho folded that soiled piece of linen, put it carefully away in an inner pocket, ran up the steps with wonderful nimbloness for a man of his years, and walked briskly from the place. That afternoon Mr. Dodge informed his landlady that he was going to run up to London on an errand, but would probably return by the next evening, ¡ though she was to give herself no uneasiness if he did not present himself until the day after. Beaching the station, he paced the platform until t the train arrived, and did not enter a car until all other passengers were aboard; then ho made his way to the door of a compartment, slipped a fee into the hand of the guard, who immediately unlocked the door and allowed him to enter. He found only one person within, and appeared somewhat surprised upon discovering his companion to be the young stranger whom he had met in the cathedral that morning. He merely acknowledged her presence by a cour- teous bend of the head, then settled himself as if for a comfortable nap, pulling his hat over his eyes to exclude the light. But it was so arranged that he could watch every movement of his companiou ; and she, thrown off her guard by his seeming indifference, gave her- self up to the sad reflections which, appeared to possesses her. She pushed up her veil, revealing a face of greaii beauty ; large gray-blue eyes, which struck him as being very sad. He watched her thus for half an hour ; then I arousing himself he sat erect, wiped the perspira- tion, from his forehead, remarking, in a casual way : " It's a warm day, miss." " It is rather," she briefly replied. . " Ever been to Welfloet before ?" Mr. Dodge questioned, with the freedom of an old man. " Yes, sir." , - " Friends living there ?" i " No, sir ;" and he saw the quick color settle in either cheek. " It's a charming little city. Don't you think so ?" She bowed her head, but a shiver ran over her in spite of the heat. " Grand old Cathedral," her companion pursued. " Must have been built years ago ; and they tell me that the crypt is remarkable for its ancient tombs and epitaphs. I'm very fond of studying such things, and I am going to make a tour of investiga- tion down there pretty soon." He saw her grow pale as snow as he made the statement. " I've heard that the place is haunted"' she said, hoping this assertion might discourage him from his investigations. " By what ?" Mr. Dodge asked. " By ghosts, of course." " Well, I've never seen a ghost. Can't say that they don't exist, though I've no faith in them. However, I am going to explore those underground traps, ghosts or no ghosts. Ever been down there ?" Now she started, and a look of horror came into her eyes. " No, no ! Oh, I could never go down there !" she said. Then, as fearing if she had betrayed too much feeling, she added : " The abode of the dead is always very sad to me, and I have no curiosity about such places." "Haven't you?" Simon Dodge asked with his eyes half closed, hut fixed upon her with such a I piercing look that they seemed like two points of < flame. " Well, I have 3 and I seem to he unusually J1 mrious about Wit's one. I imagine that those vaults i could tell some strange stories if they could speak; don't you ?" i Again a shudder of horror agitated her, while she grew so deathly white that he thought she was going to, faint. But she turned from him, making no reply, and looked steadily out of the window j nor did she seem inclined to converse any more during the remainder of the journey. They reached London about four in the afternoon Simon Dodge assisted his companion lo alight with as much gallantry as if ho had been forty years younger. ' " By the way," he said, carelessly, while doing so, " if you have boon in Welfleot before, perhaps you have met some of my acquaintances-the Minor Canon maybe ?" " No sir; I have not the honor of knowing him," his compahion answered. No ! Then perhaps you know Mr. Knight, the choirmaster ?" She gave him a quick, startled look. " Yes," she said, coldly j " I have mot Mr. Knight Simon Dodge bowed, as if ho were saying to him- self, " I thought so ;" then he asked : " Shall I call a cab for you, miss ?" " Thanks, no ; I will not trouble you any further sir," she returned, with a dignity that abashed him in spite of his assurance ; and turning abnrptly from him, she walked away with the air of a queen. He stood looking after her until she left the station. " Ahern ! smart girl," he ejaculated ; " self-con- tained, non-committal." Walking on a short distance ho saw her get into a cab, and immediately taking out his note-book, he wrote down the number of it ; then striking into a brisk pace, he went his own way. After awhile he turned into Tottenham Row, where he entered the shop of a locksmith. " Can you make a key for mo from a wax impres- sion between this and seven o'clock to-morrow morn- ing ?" he asked. " Yes, sir," the locksmith answered, after think- ing a moment. Mr. Dodge produced a piece of yellow wax, upon which there was a clear, firm impression and handed it to him. He took it, examined it critically, then looked up at his customer with a curious glance ; after which he went to a drawer, took out something from with- in, and seemed to he comparing it with what Simon Dodge had given him. " Well, is anything the matter ?" Mr. Dodge asked.' " No, sir ; but it strikes me as being rather a ' singular coincidence that I made a key exactly like the impression which you have given me, last winter." " Ah !" returned Mr. Dodge, with a slight start " that is strange ! And did you make that one from a wax impression also ?" " Yes ; and another one-a smaller one, too. The impression which you have given me is of such peculiar shape that I recognized it at once. It is very seldom that I am asked to make two keys alike in this way, unless the same person gives the order for both," " Would you object to my looking at the im ' pressions you have there ?" Mr. Dodgo asked. " Not at all, sir," was the reply j and the smith , brought them and laid thom upon the counter , before him. He bent to examine them. One was indeed the exact counterpart of the one lie had brought, the other was smaller and of entirely different shape. Both were taken in white wax, which, however ad become discolored with dirt and dust ; and as he turned them over, he saw adhering to them s,ome bits of cotton, like the fiber of a candle-wick. " It is very singular," he remarked,, reflectively j "but this one," pointing to the larger impression, is exactly like the one I have given you. However he added,, with an assumption of indifferenco, "it does not signify so I have my key by seven to- morrow." " You shall have it, sir," replied the smith. "That's the talk," Mr. Dodge remarked with evident satisfaction, and then ho fell to talking, in a general way, about the endless variety of keys and looks there were in the world, until the smith began to get enthusiastic over his trade, when Mr. Dodge suddenly remembered a pressing engagement excused himself and took a hasty leave. But he took care to carry away both of the impressions which the man had shown him. He had tucked thom snugly into his pocket while they were engaged in their interesting discussion. He immediately retraced his steps to the railway station, where he remained sauntering about until he found the cabman whose number he had taken an hour before. " My man," he said, accosting him, " I want you to take nie to the same street and number to which you took that young lady dressed in black silk a while ago. We came up to London together, but I had to go another way for a while, and now I find that I cannot recall her address." "All right, sir; it was No. 54, St. Aubyn Terrace. I'll have you there in no time," the man returned, opening the door of his vehicle and waiting for him to enter. With a chuckle of satisfaction Simon Dodge got into the cab, and .was whirled away to St. Aubyn Terrace. But as they turned into the street and were about passing a drug store, he pulled the strap and told the man he wished to make a purchase there, and would find his own way to 'No. 54.' He paid and dismissed him, and then waiting un- til he was out of sight, he turned and walked in an opposite direction. He returned to the neighborhood again after dark, however, picked up a policeman on a corner not far from No. 54, and, after a somewhat lengthy interview, repaired to the inn where he was to spend the night. After he had been shown to his own room he took out his note-book and wrote therein upon a clean page: "'Miss Sylvia Houghton, No. 54 St. Aubyn Terrace, London." Then he drew from one of his pockets a small package done up in brown paper. Unfolding this he spread upon the table before him a soiled and ragged handkerchief. It was the one he had exhumed from the leaves of the crypt door of the cathedral that morning. In one corner he found those initials before re- ferred to, and putting his finger upon them his eyes began to glow with a triumphant expression. " S. H.-Sylvia Houghton-singular coincidence, very," he muttered, significantly. " Singular coin- cidence number two ; pretty well for one day !" CHAPTBE XXVIII. HOW CAME IT THBHE. Lifting his left hand, and spreading his fingers apart, he began to count upon them : "One, two, three, four, five, six, seven, eight. Simon, my hoy, you'll have to grow more digits, or else at this rate begin to count treble and quad- ruple pretty soon," he said, in a voice replete with satisfaction, /while 'a shrewd expression looked out from beneatli those bristling red browB of his. The next lVorning Simon Dodge returned to Welfleet on Upe nine o'clock train. He seemed m excellent spirits upon his arrival He spent the day very quietly, but went out after tea for a quiet^stioll about the town and to get his accustomed drink of beer at the " Tiger." Upon his return he stopped at a fruit and flower stand and purchased a fine bunch of pansies, which he presented with the most gallant bow to his land- lady when she answered hib ring at the door. " Oh," exclaimed the delighted widow, blushing like a red, red rose, " how exquisite ! and how very kind of you, sir, to think of me ! I dote on pansies." " Do you ?" queried Simon, with a twinkle in his mild blue eyes ; " then pansies you shall have every day while the season lasts. " Now really ! I'm afraid you're too good, sir îe sponded the delighted widow, while she cast a I languishing look of gratitude out of her brown eyes at him. " I do not believe, madam, that a consciousness of that fact will serve to disturb my slumbers in the least to-night," he said, with a sceptical laugh adding: " I find that a journey to London at my time of life is considerably wearisome ; besides, I didn't find as good a bed there as your kindness has provided for me. I think I will try what a long uight will do for mo to-nignt, and hope I shall bo in better condition to-morrow. How very fortunate, my dear Mrs. Davis, that you are so quiet here; I am never disturbed." " It isn't every one who is so easily suited as you are, sir ; I'm sure it's nothing but a pleasure to wait upon you," returned the widow, with another loving glance. " You are very good to say so, madam ; but I think I will bid you good-night now," said Mr. Dodge, beginning to retreat, as if he feared the arrows of Cupid were getting too many for him. " Good-night, sir, and a most refreshing sleep to you," responded the blooming widow, looking fondly after his retreating form. She hastened no put.her flowers in water as soon as he was gone, and all the evening afterward, while about her household duties, she went softly around on tiptoe lost she should make a sound to disturb the slumbers of the " dear man" up stairs. But her lodger, instead of going up to his room» had quietly slid out at the front door, and was scudding in a roundabout way towards the cathedral close. Upon reaching it, he sped across the open space with remarkable alertness for one of his years and habitual dignity, and secreted himself among the , masses of ivy which climbed those venerable walls» just near the entrance of the crypt, where ho , remained in absolute silence for upwards of half an ? hour. Everything was still about the place ; the digni Î taries of the church were all in their ^respective i homes, and being at some distance from the business 5 portion of the town, there woro but few passers-by* 3 and so only peace and order prevailed in that 3 vicinity. Just as the great clock in the tower above him \- hammered out the hour of ten, Simon Dodge stole forth from his placo of concealment, crept cautiously i down the steps to the crypt door, where he took a i- key from his pocket and inserted it in the lock. It fitted nicely, but the lock seemed to have grown rusty and it grated harshly in turning. But after the first echo had died away there was nothing to be heard save the rattling of the ivy leaves on the wall as they were stirred by a gentle wind. He carefully pushed the door open, and slipping, quietly within the great black chasm which yawned before him, he shut the door behind him, locked it securely and was alone in that abode of the ancient dead. The darkness, dampness, the oppressive silence, and underground smell struck a momentary chill to his heart. " Ali, Simon !" he said, giving himself a rough shake, "this isn't quite so comfoitable as tho little widow's cozy rooms and spotless bed ; but never mind, if we are only fortunate enough to encounter a real ghost or two we won't complain " With this he drew forth from his capacious pocket a small dark-lantern, which he proceeded to light. This accomplished, he passed down the long passage, turning neither to the right nor the left until he came to the steps which led up to the chancel, and whore it appeared to terminate. Here he paused to reconnoitre, and noticed that other passages appeared to branch off from the main one. " It's a long job, Simon ; it's rather an imposing job. Simon," he soliloquized, \ùth a long-drawn sigh at the rather gloomy, prospect before him, but it must bo done." He took a bit of chalk from his pocket, and as he turned into one of the smaller passages on IÙB left he made a distinct cross upon the dividing wall. ' That'll save time and mistakes. We will set np a sign board wherever we go. Simon, and one, too, that can be easily obliterated, so as to tell no tales of us," he mused as he went along. In and out, out and in he went, plodding on with his dim light, peering into dusky corners, exporing for several hours, and with a patience which seemed marvellous, that wonderful labyrinth. He paused beforo tomb after tomb, sometimes to read their quaint inscriptions, sometimes as if dis- couraged in his quest after something which it seemed impossible to find. He peered between the bars of rusty, moldy gratings, as if seeking for tho ghosts of which he had spoken upon his entrance there ; but still nothing peculiar or unusuul attracted his attention. At length he came to the Montferris tomb,, where Mr. Clipper had labored that night, in company with John Knight, so long ago, and he lingered long before it. It seemed to possess a strange fas- cination for him ; he tapped it here and there with the massive koy which had given him access to the place ; he examined with a critical eye the recent work that had been done there. "No," he muttered at length, "there is nothing out of the way here ; this is some of Clipper's own work ; no one but an experienced mason could have set those stones in that shape ; wo shall have to look further yet for our 'ghost.' " Hour after hour tolled out from the groat clock above him, and yet Simon Dodge wandered on ; a dogged look in his blue eyes, resolute lines about his mouth, until at length the stroke of three warned him that it would soon bo daylight, and that it would not be wise for him to run any risk of being seen to emerge from that place. Ho made one last chalk mark to indicate where he had left off, then retraced his footsteps, taking great care to erase all former marks, that nothing might remain to betray his visit to the place ; then, with a sigh of regret over his night's fruitless work, he passed down the main passage, let himself out of the crypt door, and hastened back to his lodging, where, throwing himself upon his bed dressed as he was, he slept far into the morning ; a circumstance so unusual, as to cause simple, unsuspicious Mrs ¿¡vütorlmark that the "poor dear i¿, must have em wearied out with his trip to Lon'J^. Three successive nights found the Indefatigable i Mr Dodgo pursuing his " archtDO>Jgical " and trhostly explorations in the old crypt under the , Lthcdral, until he had been over all the ground on the left of the main passage. He took one night for recuperating his somewhat drooping energies, and then was ready to begin again. «It's rather a thankless task," he muttered, on the next evening when he repaired to the place to renew his investigations, " but we never cry 'quit' nntil the thing is done, you know, Simon." He began on the right of the chancel steps this time working down toward the entrance of the crypt. Ho found it arranged much as on the other side, lad been through quite a number of passages when on turning into one, he lifted his lantern to make the usual chalk mark, when he gave a sudden start, and uterod an exclamation of astonishment, while his face brightened ; for there before him, on the gray mouldy waUs, was a sign very like his own -a chalkmark in the form of across, and one which had evidently been very hurriedly made. " Ha ! what have we here ?" he cried, with eager interest. Throwing his light upon the ground he saw traces of footsteps in the dust, as if the passage had been traversed by several persons not very long ago. PoUowing these and observing them, closely, he at last discovered that there were the marks of the feet of two persons only, one having a large, clumsy foot, the other being more trim and gentlemanly. At last he came to a spot where they ceased. but here the dust looked as if it had been swept away or perhaps some heavy weight had been dragged over it. A little farther on he stopped short, with a cry of fright, his ruddy face growing startlingly pale while the perspiration started from every pore ; for just before him, scarce a hand-breadth between him and it, there yawned a great black, apparently bottomless chasm. Simon Dodge was a strong man in perfect health , he had never had a fit of sickness, and he would bave laughed to scorn the idea of a fainting turn had any one suggested it to him. But for a few minutes after coming to this spot into which he had so nearly precipitated himself, he could neither see nor hear, and staggered back against the wall for support like a man intoxicated But these signs of weakness soon passed, and ho was himself once more ; his face now full of excite- ment and resolution, liis eyes fixed with a look of eagerness and cunning upon that black opening before him. Carefully, after a while, he approached the edge of the pit, and holding his lantern over, looked into it. It was ahout six feet across, and so deep and dark that he could not see the bottom. Throwing himself upon his face he crept close» and dropping his light as far down as ho could reach' he strove to penetrate those mysterious depths. It was some time before he could distinguish any. thing, the gloom was so dense. But-his eyes be- coming more accustomed to it, he saw that the pit orwell, for it seemed more like a well than anything else, was perhaps twenty feet deep, stoned to the top, while its bottom was covered with a mound of whitish looking substance, the nature of which he could not determine. For a long time he remained in that position, studying the strange place ; it seemed almost as if he was counting tho very stones with which it was lined, so keenly did his eyes search everything con- nected with it. Finally he drew his light up slowly, carefully scanning every inch of space. Suddenly he became motionless, his eyes riveted upon a point near the surface, where a ragged rock protruded beyond the rest. Very cautiously he reached down his disengaged hand, and when he drew it up again, there was something in it. Kaising himself to a sitting posture, he brought his light to bear upon his trophy, while he examined it very attentively. It proved to be a piece of dark wooUen cloth, perhaps three inches in length and one in width. It was thick, fine, and heavy, and mottled with tiny spots of red. The hands of Simon Dodge shook as if he had been suddenly stricken with ague, while his eyes grew almost wild in their expression. " Simon, you have found your 'ghost !' " he finally said, in an unnatural tone ; then as other thoughts came crowding upon him, he added, in a voice which had something of exultation in it : "And your fortune is made. But wo will go home now, and have a rest, for our nerves are a trifle un- strung, though to-morrow night we wül go a little deeper in our investigations. Ugh ! but I fear it will be an ugly job after aU," he concluded, with a backward glance at the pit from whoso edge lie had just withdrawn. After carefully stowing away that bit of cloth in his wallet, he slowly made his way out of the place. Once more in his room he was soon in a profound Blumber, while he also Blept through much of the following day. When night carno again, he repaired to the crypt as usual ; but bearing this time a shovel and a Btrong, new rope ladder. Beaching the spot where his investigations were to be continued, ho fastened one end of his ladder to a strong iron ring, which was attaehedtoa tomb near by, and threw the other into the pit. Then casting the shovel in after it, he hung his lantern upon his arm and cautiously began his descent. Down, down ho went, the air growing close, and cold, and damp, until he finally found himself at the bottom, when casting his light down he saw that he was standing upon a bed of lime. With quick, energetic movements he began turning over the mass upon which he was standing, casting it up in a pile upon one side. For fifteen minutes he worked without ceasing, and then rested on his shovel, a look of blank .despair setting upon his face. " I was so sure," he said, between his shut teeth ; " I could have sworn that I was upon the right track at last ; but a more completely duped man never trod the earth. There is nothing here but rubbish and thismiserable lime, which old Clipper has doubt loss been ordered to throw in to keep the plaee pure. I've only had my labour in vain." . Picking up his lantern and shovel, he was ahout to reascend his ladder, when something caught his eye jUBt at the foot of it-Something which seemed to gleam and glisten like the point of a flame. He put lis light close down to it, then stooping, picked it np. It was a ring tarnished and blackened by the action of the lime upon it, but with a single diamond of pnrest water set in a crest upon it. "Well, well í7tís is someting of a prize, anyhow," ejaculated the man, astonished, and wondering how I it could have got into that unlikely place. j The ring was quite Bmall ; evidently it had been intended for a lady's finger, and was worth no small sum of money. With it clasped tightly in his hand, Mr. Dodge ascended to the passage, where he sat down to rest and to leisurely examine this new trophy. Looking upon the inside ho saw that something had been engraven there, but he could not dis- tinguish what on account of the tarnish. He fell to polishing it vigorously with the skirt of his woollen coat, and was soon successful in making out the inscription, ' Then his eyes glowed with fire again, and his whole face lighted with triumph. " Simon, old boy, you're not such a stupid fool, after all," he said, with a chuckle of delight. " If you haven't found what you expected, you have at least got a clue. You are on the right track, only you haven't gone quite far enough, perhaps." The ring was marked " H. K. to T. L." It was the betrothal ring which Herbert Knight had offered to Theo on that day when they had con eluded to dissolve their relations with each other, and which, upon her refusing to accept, he had put away in his pocket. How came it there at the bottom of that dreadful pit in the heart of that gloomy crypt ? _(To be Continued.) 