SKetcDer* The Lost Bear Hunters. CHAPTER I. IT was Daoember in the early part of the present cantury. The winter had commenced in good earnest, althought the fall of enow was less than usual in "Canada. Time has wrought changes in the district of London, Ontario, since then. At the date of our story it was very thinly peopled; the settlements were few and far between. Facilities for emigration were few; there were no steamships to bridge the Atlantic; railroads had not been dreamed of; the British government were lees liberal with land-grants, and there were fewer inducements for that varied enterprise which is now making the wilderness to blossom as the rose. Some gentlemen " in reduced circumstances," whom necessity had driven to seek to repair their fortunes in the land of deep snows and long winters, had obtained possession of large tracts of land, which they Bought to let at a very low rental to the poorer class of settlers, in order to found for themselves or their successors extensive estates as landed proprietors after the English model. Mr. T held one of these extensive tracts, almost equal to a modern-sized county in dimensions. Among the few who accepted his terms as settlers were John Howay and Thomas Nowlan. Howay was an Englishman by birth, and had been some years in Canada. Nowlan was an American, and had spent the whole of his life as a backwoodsman, which means that ha was inured to all kinds of difficulties and dangers, and that ha was not lacking in the ordinary resources of a man who had spent his best years in the wilds. Howay, though a young man, was past the middle age. E arly one December morning Howay started from his log hut for a day at wood-cutting. Besides his axe, he had his gun and his dog Lion. He soon discovered the tracks of three bears, which they traced to a large tree three miles distant. Bears are not comfortable neighbors; and cows and sheep and pigs are not safe within their reach; besides whiah, their skins could be utilised for various purpoEee; while, if young, their flesh would prove an acceptable addition to the winter's stock of food ; and, moreover, the fat, if not sold for bear's grease, would be useful for many other purposes. Perhaps it was his eagerness to secure one of the bears, or even all three, as his own prize, whiah led him on to immediate attack, instead of returning to the settlement for help, as he should have done. He began, therefore, at onoe to cut down the tree. But as the tree wa3 at least sixteen feet in circumference, this was no light work, It was needful, too, that he should ke<p a good lookout, ia his movements should disturb the bears. This he bpgan to do, but, slackening hn attention, he was presently put on tho alert by the fall of a large piece of bark. Looking up into the tree he discovered, to his no small consternation, the largest of the bears descending tho tree, tail foremost. The appearance of the bear warned him to prepare for the worst; so putting down his axe, he seized his gun, with the intention of firing. Second thoughts, however, led him to hesitate. He might wound but not kill the animal, and so exasperate him, and increase his own danger. While he was thus deliberating, the bear had nearly reached the ground, when the dog set up such a furious barking that the bear worked swiftly up the tree again. On reaching the top of the trunk where the limb3 branched out, he paused, and turning round, surveyed both man anddog with a fierceness which was truly alarming. Howay wished now that be had sought the help of his neighbours, for his position seemed more and more perilous. Bellying hi3 courage, however, he seized his gun, and lodged a ball in the animal's neck, which brought him lifeless to the ground. But, strange to say,this success rather excited the fears than stimulated the courage of Howay. He could not make sure of killing the others, and in turn he might be their prey. Instead, therefore, of felling the tree, he made the best of his way to call in the aid of some neighbors. H3 returned with two men, three dogs, and another axe. Tne tree was soon cut through, but in falling, it struck against another, and broke off just about the middle, at the identical part where the bears had stationed themselves. Stunned and confused, the animals ran so close to one of the men that he actually put the muzzle of his gun close to the shoulder of the largir bear, and lodged two balls in its body. The other made off and escaped unhurt, while the dogs engaged the wounded one until he shook them off with their flesh badly torn. It wis now nearly sunset, and the men returned to their homes for the night. The next m. rolng, Howay was again on the track of the bears, having now only one companion, Thomas Nowlan. They were provided each with a rifle, an axe, about six charges of powder, and bread and meat sufficient for one meal, hoping to be back before nightfall. The manner of hunting bears in Canada is that of tracking their footsteps through the snow to their winter retreats; and the knowledge that these tracks sometimes take the hunter forty or even fifty miles from his startiog-poifct, should have forewarned the men to have been better provisioned, knowing also that their return must be on their own footprints, and that if there should come a thaw, or a snowfall, they would be left without a trail of any kind. The 12 th December passed, and the adventurous huntsmen did not return. The text day, and the next, came and whent in like manner, and still they did not appear; the only tidings of thein being that about two o'clock on the 12th they had been observed crossing a river, which, in accordance^ with the name of London given to the district, i called the Thames. It is a considerabl river, and flows in a direction south- west-bywest into lake St. Clair. Their friends and neighbours now became alarmed, and concluded that they had perished with hunger and cold, or had been killed by the wounded bear. A son of the proprietor of the district, under whom some of them held their farms and lots, therefore assembled a large party of the settlers pertaining jto the townships of London and Nassouri, with the purpose of seeking the lost men. They doubted not, however, that they had fallen a prey to the weather, even if they had escaped harm from the bears, for the cold was intense, their clothing was slight for the winter season, they had no tinder box, and were entirely without means of any kind to protect them from the severity of the weather. -The party in quest prepared themselves in every way for their hazardous undertaking. They stocked themselves with provisions, pocketcompasses, trumpets, abundance of ammunition, sufficient clothing, and the apparatus for lighting fires ; and, in addition, they took with them some of the best dogs in the country. There was one thing which added to their difficulties—a thaw bad taken place, and the snow had wholly disappeared from the ground, excepting in low and Bwampy situations. They had, therefore, no tracks whatever, and no idea of the direction the lost men might have taken, only the hint obtained from the men who had seen them crossing the river on the day of their departure. They had, as a consequence, no very sanguine hopes of finding them. They continued their search, however, for two days, exploring thousands of acres of forest and swamp, where they saw no trace of the foot of man. _ Giving up all' hope of finding them, either living or dead— for they had not once come upon their track —the party returned home. There was one consideration which tended to mitigate the distress of the situation, to render the event less distressing than it might have been; the men had no family, so far as was known, to mourn their loss, or to suffer by their death; it was simply the neighbours who were grieved by the sad an painful end which they conoluded Howay and Nrlan had come to. Thus day following day, and Christmas morning dawned. Young Mr. T was just in the act of despatching messengers to take an inventory ef"the property of the lost men, when the news reached him that they had returned a few hours before, alive, butia a condition of the most utter wretohedness. As soon as possible, therefore, he went to Bee them, being anxious to know for himself that they were really alive, and to hear from them an account of their adventures and sufferings. It was a sight no one need wish to see, nor, having once seen, to behold a second' time, They were spectacles of woe and misery and wretohedness almost beyond description— their garments torn, their countenances emaciated, their eyes sunk, tbeir flesh whitered away, and their whola sppearatics more like spectres than living men. They were only the ghosts of their former selves, and to converse with them seemed like holding intercourse with the spirits of the _ departed. Their privations and sufferings had been so great, that the record of them seems more like romance than sober history ; their protracted endurance was so astonishing, and their deliveranas so remarkable, that it may be alike interesting and profitable to listen to a relation of their adventures. * CHAPTEK II. IT was on the I2th of December, that Howiay and Nowlan started in pursuit of the bear. They soon came upon his track, which they followed in a north-westerly direction for at least twenty mile3, when night came on. With difficulty they succeeded in maA^ a fire, getting a light by placing a piece of dry linen on the pan of a flint lock gun while flashing it. Sapperle3s they lay down to rest, and Bleeping they spent the night, which was exceedingly cold, its rigour being moderated by the warmth of their ample fire. At daylight, after breakfasting on the small fragments remainir-g from yesterday's dinner, they started again on the track of the bear, their faithful dog having shared with them the crumbs of yesterday. The bear's track now became very much involved, winding and doubling in a manner so perplexing that, about noon, when they must have proceeded twenty miles, they resolved to give up the chase; for having no compass, and the snn not being visible, they were unable to distinguish north from south. Their condition was most perilous ; in the depth of winter, without food or shelter or any knowledge of their relative position, lost in the boundless forest. To mate matters worse, a thaw bad set in; the enow was disappearing, and the rain was increasing hour by hour. They now recollected that in the early part of the day they had cres?ed the track of another bear, which they thought might lead them to gome settlement. Tbey hoped, too, that if it did not conduct them to the abodes of men, it might lead to tho bear's retreat, and that if they were successful in killing him, its flesh would afford them food, and its skin Eerve as a bed. They followed the track, therefore, until they lost it by reason of the melted snow. What to do or what couree to take, they did not now know. Hunting the bear gave place to an effort to ward off starvation and to get home. They soon found themselves on the bank of a small river, which they conceived to be a confluent of the Thames. Here they passed the second night, at the close of a day of hunger, disappointment, vexation, and fatigue. The situation was dreary enough. It rained in torrents, and their only shelter was a few strips of bark. The wolves howled around them, and the tempest was so fierce that trees were torn np by the roots and strewn around in wild confusion. The scene was unchanged when morning broke. About noon, the violence of the storm abated; but the rain fell relentlessly the whole of the day, while the cold was unabated. They again pursued their journey, still sustained by hope. Towards sunset, Howay fired at a partridge, but missed it, and they went supperlese once more. On the fourth day, they felt the pangs of hunger, so that they could have eaten almost anything, and their thirst was so insatiable that they were compelled to drink every few minutes. Sixty hours had now elapsed' since they had tasted food, and the appalling idea of death by starvation forced itself npon them. Just before sunset, Nowlan succeeded in ehooting a partridge, half of which they consumed for supper, and devoured the other half for breakfast the next morning. But eo ravenous were they that, as they afterward declared, their hunger was no more appeased by eating this bird than it would have been under ordinary circumstances by swallowing a cherry. Little more than one charge of powder was now left them, and this they determined to reserve for lighting fires; for, as the frost had now again Bet in, exposure for a single night without fire would result in speedy death. The fifth night was extremely cold, and Nowlan found in the morning _ that his feet were badly frozen. But this was not all. To the excruoiating tortures of frostbitten feet were added an unappeasable thirst and burning fever. Hitherto, they had walked or rather run, from sunrise to sunset, doing about fifty miles a day; but now it was with great difficulty, and with almost unbearable pain on the part of Nowlan, that they accomplished half that distance. On the afternoon of the sixth day, the sun appeared for a few moments, and convinced them that they were not on the banks of the Thames; and as they had crossed that river to the north, they could only conclude that they were on one of the rivers which flow either northward into Lake Huron or westward into Lake St. Clair, In either case they would be a long distance from home, and in a region then unsettled by white people. Still as it led somewhere, they chose to follow its course, as it might conduct them to some Indian settlement. In a short time they discovered a boat on the opposite side of the river, and, a little further down a canoe. The appearance of these craft inspired them with the hope that there might be some human habitations or fellow-creatures near. But after travelling several miles, they aame to the conclusion that the boats had been driven down the river during the recent thaw and storm. They were just commencing to cut down a tree for the night's fire, when they observed a stack of hay a short distance before them, an their side of the river. The haystack convinced them that they were near some settlement, and it afforded them a comfortable bed for the night, where they slept soundly for seme hours, which was tbeir first proper sleep since leaving home. Refreshed by their repose, they started with new energy, still keeping the bank of the river. The dog, however, their faithful companion hitherto, oould follow them no longer; when they started, he staggered a few paces, and then fell. The gnawings of hunger suggested that they should kill him to help to sustain their own life; hut humanity, and affection for the companion which han served them with'euch fidelity, got the better of all such promptings. Tbey had hardly proceeded a mile on their journey, this seventh morning, when a new difficulty appeared in the shape of an impassible swamp, which compelled them to leave the bank of the river and strike out into the pathless wa6te. They walked all that day and the next, and about four o'clock on the ninth day they came upon the tracks of two men and a dog. Hope leaped to the conclusion that they were now near some settlement, and that their toils and sufferings and the withering hunger would soon be over. Alas 1 they were doomed to disappointment. After following the tracks for some time, they were brought to the very spot where they had rested a few nights before. The footprints were those of their dog and themselves. Despair now seemed to lay firm hands on them. They sat down without even taking the trouble to kindle a fire, feeling^that it would be better to be frozen to death than to seek to prolong a miserable existence. They gazed on each other with countenances full of the most painful emotions ; tears flowed freely down their haggard cheeks; and their chief dread was that one might survive the other, to die unpitied and unseen. The apprehension, too, that their bodies would be devoured by animal?, was one that added point to their miseries. After they bad both been the prey of melancholy for an hour or more, Howay seemed to regain his composure, and told his companion it was their duty still tc employ means for their own preservation, as He who gave them being had alosie the right to take away their lives. Boused by these considerations, they set abcut kindling a fire, using their last flash of gunpowder for the purpose. There seemed then no hope that they could possibly exist beyond the night of the following day. The morning found them in a state of apathy; but they roused themselves to pursue tbeir journey, and at nightfall they reached the baystack where they had had their only sleep. The dog wae still alive, but unable to rise, and was a mere skeleton. The desire of life once more revived in their breasts, and they ate with ravenous appetite a large quantity of the inner bark of a species of elm. This soon produced delirium, and they lay down among the hay in the greatest mental agony. By daylight tho next morning they were better, and wsuld have risen; but recollecting that their materials for making a fire were exhausted, they resolved to roll themselves up in the hay again and await the hour of death. Scarcely had this resolution been formed, when they heard the sound of a cow-bell, coming apparently from the opposite side of the river. The sound of a cowbell, they knew, was a certain Bigs of a human habitation at no great distance : they therefore arose at once, as if gifted with new energy, and soon perceived a log house, as if recently erected ; but no sign of inhabitant. They could hardly believe their eye?, thinking the log-house might be, after all, a creature of their imagination, disordered by long abstinence. At length, convinced of its reality, they began to search for means to ford the river, which turned out to be the Sauble. Finding a crossing-place, they were not long in reaching the opposite shore, where they were met by a white man and two Indians, who took them to the house of a man named Townsend, who was well-known to them, and from whom they received every mark of kindness their forlorn condition required. The ringing of the cow-bell was a happy circumstance for them. The river flowed into Lake Huron at a point one hundred miles from any settlement, and they were only thirty mileB from the lake when, meeting with the swamp, they had inadvertently bent their steps back into the woods along their own crack. Tovensend's log-hut was fifty miles from th'u home, and had only rrcently been e?ect«i i^ear a salt spring ha had discovered some time before. Mrs. Towneend attended to the frozen feet of Nowlan ; and after they had rested and sufficiently recovered strength, they started for their own settlement by the aid of a blazed line—bark taken from trees with an axe by a previous traveller—and on Christmas eve, thirteen days after they had left them, they had once more the happiness of entering their own homes and enjoying the comforts of their own firesides. 