.OHORS OF MEfLBOUIUNE. [By Tire GHOST.] No sooner has the Ministry been relieved of its troubles over the woollen industry than it is plunged into freshones in the shape of water. The second reading of the Trrigation Bill, the Magnrrus opus of the session, has been it is true, agreed to with out a division, but from all appearances the passage of the measure throughCommit tee will not be all plain ssiling. Mr. Bent as leader of the Opposition offered to allow the Bill to go thlrough atonesitting,jnstas he offered to accept the Government Tariff proposals, but the Government for some inscrutable reasons declined the friendly offer, and the debate will now in all proba bility be extended over several weary weeks to the exclusion of all other useful legislation. Perhaps Mr. Deakin is brimming over with pent-up eloquence, for the threatened four hours'speech has not yet been de livered, or perhaps Mr. Gillies deems it safer to keep honourable members' minds exclusively on water, lest a certain histori cal personage-whose existence by the way is denied by the Rev. Charles Strong, should find the proverbial work " for idle hands to do," and topics of a more exciting character should be brought on the politi cal lapis. Any way, the Ministry neglected to avail themselves of Mr. Bent's sensible olffer, and preferred to allow the flood of talk to take its course. Had the Irriga tion lill been passed without a lengthened debate, there would have been nothing for honourable members to do, for the bill of fare sot before them at the commencement of the session was so meagre that it would have been exhausted, and then there would have been a possibility of awkward questions being raised which the Premier would willingly see relegated to the Greek Kalends. Under the circumstances there is perhaps the great law of self-preservation enderlying the desire of the Government to keep members occupied with the Irrigation Bill as long as possible. The first attack in force made on the Treasury benches having signally failed, in all probability the time of tihe Assembly will not for some little time be wasted in futile trials of strength between the "ins" and the "outs." Mr. Bent had the good sense to see this and declined to avail him self of the proverbial "feather" to find out howe the political wind bleow on Tues day.He contented himself with submitting samples of ostrich feathers to his brother members, and asking them to "protect the raw material." The House apparently could not realise that "the settled policy of the country" was about to be disturbed by an influx of ostriches, and laughed consumedly at the question put by Mr. Fox who blandly inquired whether bin hIron. friend was in ' the habit of show ing the white feather ?" Mr. Bent's pro position was negatived, and should any of the birds whose tails are so dear to ladies take their flight towards Victoria, there will be no anti-immigration act to bar their influx as Ithere is in regard to China men. Mr. M'Intyre's manly utterance in the Assembly in connection with the French occupation of the New Hebrides is one that will awaken many a responsive echo in the colony " Don't dilly-dally with the question" said the honourable member for Sandhurst, " but send over gun boats to to turn the French out," and our volun teers might with advantage be employed on a similar errand. Feeling in Victoria is beginning to run high and there is little doubt. that if,. volunteers for the " New Hebrides cam paign" were called for, numbers of men would come forward to man our ships, and fill the ranks of any local "contingent" raised to haul down the French flag. All the efforts to avert a lockout of the .ironworkers' assistants having failed through the uncompromising attitude of the men, the ironmasters in pursuance of the resolution passed last week at a meet ing of the trade, have turned all theUnion assistants in their employ out of the shops. Little difference is observable in the various foundries, work apparently being carried on as usual. It is evident that coercion is notlikely to achieve the end the men have in view, as there fire numbers of men, de spite the persuasive efforts of the Unionist orators to dissuade them, daily offer ing their services to the masters. From present appearances the quarrel between the assistant ironworkers and their employers bids fair to be both bitter and of long duration. As there is really no question of principle at stake, the men will be wise in withdrawing their somewhat dictatorial demand that Messrs. Robison, Bros. should discharge an old and faithful servant because he happens not to believe implicity in the ad vantages of trade unionism. As the strike is likely to spread (already the blacksmithi have joined the locked-out men), the ad vantages of the system are apparently destined to be put to a somewhat severe test. With large numbers of unemployed men prambulating the streets of Melbourne, the moment selected by the ironworkers for a trial of strength between labour and capital appears to most persons singularly inopportune. The clauses in the Factories Act dealing with the question of early closing are still creating trouble in Melbourne. Demon strations in favour of "shutting up shop" at 7 p.m. on week days have been made by the employes and now the shopkeepers are taking action also in a contrary direction. How the act " practically" works may perhaps be gleaned from the fact that a recently filed insolvency schedule assigns as the cause of failure being compelled to cease business at an early hour of the evening. A more unsatisfactory piece of legislation has per haps never been placed on the statute book than the Victorian Shops and Facto ries Act. Sir William Stawell, the Chief Justice of Victoria, has resigned, and the list of pensioners of the C-own is thereby consi derably augmented in amount.In addition to the .900 drawn as annual compensation for the "loss of office" on thebo inauguration of Responsible Government in Victoria,Sir William Stawell is entitled to a yearly pension of .17i50 as a retired judge. As he has just returned from nearly two years' leave on lull pay, and has on one or two occasions drawn the pay attached to the office of "Acting-Governor" the learned gentleman's lines have fallen in pleasant places. Dr. Justice Higinbotham is now the senior Puisne Judge, and will doubthss ere long be made Chief Justice . Speculation is already rife as to whether so 'conssate?t aqd earnest a democrat as his honour has shown himself to be will accept 'he honour of Knighthood which invariablyis offered the COhief Justice of all her Majesty's Colonial possessions. sugust 20. 