Topics. Many valuable lessons are being taught by present experiences, and- not the least among them is thrift If the savins ' a oennv saved is a penny gained' be true, then though oppor tunities for earning pence are not so many as they have been, yet they can be still gained by saving, and while money is accumulated — even amid un favourable circumstances — good habits of self- denial are being formed, which will stand those forming them in good stead when times improye. There is more suffering now in the colony from wasteful extravagance with what has been earned, than from lack of present earnings. We have seen strange un congruities of late years. There has been the haste to be risk leading to reckless speculation, and that often with the money of other people. Less blameworthy, but not more wise, has been the conduct of others, who through legitimately, vet at too great a cost to their otrn brain, and at a com plete sacrifice of their public and social duties, have spent almost night and day in the race for riches, and who often, keeping every penny they made, have built their fortunes on 'the wreck of those of others, and have lived where more unselfish men have failed, j Ail this on one side. On the other j — strange contradiction — there has I beena sacrifice of reality to appearance, every man striving to appear as if his income was much larger than it really | was, and hence while always hoping to make the income equal the appearance ; the sad experience of such men has been that all that grew was debt We hope the lesson that hollow sham never pays in the long run, has been deeply impressed on many minds, and that in stead of waste 'thrift mav reign — not 1 selfish thrift that grinds down any I body else for self, and denies all re- 1 cognition of the interdependence and I mutual responsibilities of men, but an 1 unselfish avoidance of all extravagence, j such as shall raise us nationally. 1 The rejection of Mr. Gladstone's Irish measures in the Commons is now regarded as a foregone conclusion, and I will it is expected be speedily followed j by a dissolution. Even though for the present Mr. Gladstone must keenly feel the defection of many of his erst-while staunchest adherents, and the conse quent defeat of a measure which is peculiarly his own, and which he may be believed to have intended as his last contribution to the politics of his I age, yet no little advance has been! made in the elevation of a question, J that was but a little time since regarded as a fad of a section of the disloyal Irish, into a leading question for the Empire and. one of sufficient importance to demand the whole attention for the time of the electors of the United Kingdom. In deed, we believe 'that practically, ev*m defeat will mean victory, for whatever may be said of the land purchase scheme, it is admitted bv a great majority than byan extension and expan sion of local Government, by federa- 1 tion of the empire, or in some way Ireland must in the future, to a very much larger degree than in the past, govern herself, and the result of the present discussion, and of the antici pated general election, will be the ; modification of the details of the sug gested scheme and harmonising of the differences, and ultimately, in the near future, the granting to Ireland, what she has an equal right to with the Aus I tralian colonies, a substantial measure of Home Rule. What is re quired is Home Rule for Ireland with out the severing of her from Imperial concens, and if this desideratum be secured by a measure which grants to all parts of our great empire a more direct voice and influence in Imperial matteis so much the better for us all, j and Australians will heartily welcome t he chanee. The Legislative Council Election.— !Jo. 3 division for which an election will take ilace immediately, includes the districts of Burra, Barossa, Gumeracha, Light, Woorooro, and Yatala. The Ocean Mail Service.— Only two tenders have been received in London for thi: sew postal service to these colonies, and neither of these are in accordance with the conditions, so that it is almost certain that the contracts will be readvertised. Rainfall. — The rainfall in Kooringa for the present year is as follows : — January, 0*645; February, O'O3Oj March nil; April. 1-350; May' 5th, 0*020 ; 8th, 0*040 ; ntl» 0*075 ; 19th, 0*225 ; 20th, 0*070. Total i-- date, 2*455. Total to this time last year, 2*965. The Ragamuffins. — This evening the entertainment arranged by Messrs. Wittber and Roach, to raise a fund to provide boots for those without sufficient understandings at the public school, will be held in the Institute, and a big audience is already assured. By general request for the sake of the children, an after noon performance has been arranged for to morrow afternoon. The late Railway Accident at Her gott. — It appears that a demand has been made by the police on the relations of two of the men, killed lately on the raUway beyond Hergott, for the cost of their funerals. The matter has been represented to the Govern ment, and the police have been instructed not to collect the money. The suffering families of these men, who lost their lives through an error of judgement on the part of Government employes and while they were in the Govern ment service, are entitled to some reconapence rather than to be treated thus. ~ The Review. -^On Monday next there will be a review of the L.M.F. on Montefiore Hill, in Adelaide. It is anticipated that there will be a large number, especially of the R. V.F., on parade. The evolutions begin at 10.30., and wiil beover by about 12. Aspecial train leaving Burra at 5 a.m. on Monday will convey north ern companies to the city, and the Burra Company is expected to be well represented. Helmets are to be worn and one pouch, the sling on the rifles well tightened up. Men wishing to go down before Monday morning can obtain passes to travel free in uniform, but they must be at the Adelaide railway station to meet the others on their arrival. Men will be able to return by the ordinary train on Muudaj evening should they desire to do so. The Weather. — The rain which been so much desired has fallen again this week, but very grudgingly in most places. It this neigh bourhood we have had only showers, but in some parts of colony nice rains have fallen. The malting of the grain sown before the last rain which was beginning to be feared is now prevented, and the wheat plants will for an other period make progress, but we badly want a heavy downpour to fill datnsand to thoroughly soak the subsoil. Even at the risk of spoiling the holiday, we shonld rejoice in heavy rain such as has often (alien on the Queen's Birth day. St. Joseph's Church. — On Sunday, May 16, the Feast of the Patronage of St. Joseph was celebrated with great solemnity in the above-named Church, and at each service there were good congregations. In the morning at 8 a.m., first Mass was said by the Rev. Father Dietel, S.J., who preaceed a long and imptes I sive sermon. At 11 a. m., Solemn High Mass was sung; the Rev. Father Kriessl, S.J., was celebrant, while the Rev. Fathers O'Dowling, S.J.andDiete!,S.J., officiated as deaconandsuh deacon respectively. Father Kriessl preached both morning and evening very instructive scr- I toons, suitable for the occasion. The morning discourse was a panegyric of St. Joseph, the patron of the Church, and whose title-feast, the patronage, is the special feast of Kooringa ! Church. In the evening the sermon was on ? our Lady, to whom the month of May is specially dedicated, the subject being doubly appropriate on account of the reception of six aspirants as Children of Mary.. During each service special prayers were offered for rain. The chior sang the Mass well, and their rendi tion of Webbe's Mass in G deserves much I praise. The paschal hymn, Regina Cati which ksls sung at evening devotions, is well worthy I -f special mention. The choir, which was j inder the direction of Mrs. Kennedy, acquitted I themselves remarkably well. Miss Tobin was I Drganist in the morning and Miss Coglin in the evening. The collections held at each ser Eor the purpose of reducing the debt on the I Church were satisfactory. .' : The Black Hills Silver Mines.— We are informed that Messrs. Dunstan and party, who have great faith in the value of their claims, intend shortly to put them on the market and to try and float a strong company to work them. Mr. Bell, who lately visited the claims and reported on them is much impressed, as a practical man, with the indications present, and with the results of the assays he made of samples he obtained himself. In his report, which we have seen, he expresses surprise that so remarkable a mineral formation has not been worked long since, and says that the pinnacles j of mineralised rock thrown up, consist of mag anese, silver, gold and copper, with masses of | conglomerate. From its nature he expects j very rich ore at depth, and that in the shalts sunk it might be cut at any time. Mr. Bell advises the formation of a strong company to develop the mine, and says, 'As there is plenty of wood on the ground, and it is also within easy distance of the railway it should I have a good future before it, and if properly opened out and developed will become a good dividend paying mine. If furnaces are erected I near it there are thousands of tons of ore it I would pay to treat, either by smelting oramai. I gamatioo, but the best treatment for that class I of ore is amalgamation, and the cheapest too, I only the machinery is rather expensive at first I cast. If machinery were erected and properly .vorked upon the ground, the mine should at race pay its expenses.' Mr. Bell has assayed 30 samples from the claims and they all but Eve gave silver, the highest being 9S0Z. Most of them were surface stones. The Olooloo Goldfields. — Mr. Wood ward, Acting Government Geolt-gist, has just returned, from a visit to the Ulooloo Goldfields. With reference to a telegram which appearec in the Press of May 13 from Yarcowie statin;: that a reef had been struck in the neighbour hood of Ulooloo, which showed 673 ozs 3 dwts. 2 grs. of gold to the ton, Mr. Wood reports that after investigation he has been un able to find a reef showing any tich gold. Ai assay was made about that date which gavi the return quoted above, but it was of alluvia gold. Referring to the goldfields, Mr. Wood ward savs that, in addition to the twentv un employed from the Burra, there are about fifty men working on the fields on their own i account. They are doing fairly well upon the whole. A report was obtained from the Mining Manager in charge of the unemployed. He says : — ' The men have been in parties of four, but working in pairs. Sixteen shafts have been sunk, one tunnel driven, and two open cross cuts made. The total depth of the sixteen shafts sunk np to date is 400 feet. The total length of the levels driven in various shafts from which prospects have been taken and several lodes of washdirt tried is 179 feet. All the parties working have taken and obtained prospects containing colours, and in some instances rough specks of gold, ranging in size from 6 grains to I dwt, The total amount of gold obtained by the whole party at rough estimate is 11 dwt, up to May 13. The men are all working in good spirits, and consider then: prospects sufficiently encourag to give the field a fair trial, and from the pre sent appearances will, in due time, discover a good lead. The only drawback is the distance that has to be travelled to bring the washdirt to water. If good dams were made close to the workings the Manager has not the slightest hesitation in saying that a good return of gold would be obtained by all parties at work on the field and a great number more. Specimens of gold obtained are to be seen at the Govern ment Geologist's Office. The 'Postmaster at Hallett states that during the last twelve years over £18,000 worth of gold has been sent down from the Ulooloo diggings through the post.' — Register. LECTURE. — On Tuesday evening last, the Rev. C. P. Hard, a missionary from India, who is visiting Australia, and who preached in Burra last Sunday, lectured in -the Wesleyan Church on the mission work. Owing to the threatening weather the attendance was not very large, bat those who stayed away missed a great treat. Mr. Hard is one --f the presid ing elders of the South India Conference, working on the plan inaugurated by Bishop Taylor, so well knoxn and loved by many in this colony. These mi^ins --vVich Bishop Tiy-'or hv; e :?-!-': -;'i 2 1 in S-nrh An:rica and 1 .Afnc. i- '?' ?' ?? ' ; In V'x. are cirriel on on a j self supporting basis, not having, as other great 1 missionary societies have, funds at their back continually contributed by christain countries ; but men being sent — and numbers have been, and are now being so sent — to any large centre unoccupied, there to make an opening, and to earn, by leaching or manual labour a. liveli hood, while by 'preaching on Sundays or in spare time a church is formed, converts are gathered, buildings erected, and an income, small at best, gained. Twenty-five more men have just been sent for to America, which has hitherto supplied the majority of the mission aries ; and so confident are the missionaries in India of the resources open, that it was even suggested by them, that they might re sign to the new comers on arrival the stations they had established, and themselves go to the new places, instead of sending the new arrivals to do the pioneering. The only appeal outside is for funds for building purposes, the main tenance of the missionaries is always secured at the place where they labour. Mr. Hard is evidently an enthusiast in regard to Indian mission work, and especially as to the working of the svstem under which he labours. He spoke for nearly two hours, and the difficulty was rather when to stop, than how to fill the time. The various means supposed among the different religions to secure salvation were re ferred to ; and the character of the many gods described. The customs of several of- the different classes of people were mentioned, and the work and difficulties, as well as the encouragements of mission life, were pictured in an easy, racy style to the audience, which eagerly followed the speaker. Mr. Hard mentioned the obstacles placed in the way of ' missionaries by the seclusion of women, and I said many intelligent and cultured men were anxious for social and religious reforms, bul tTip wires, mothers, and sisters staved theii hands. What India wanted was more work by ladies in the Zenanas, where alone the female population could be reached. The evils of infant or even pre-natal betrothal, and of marriage at eleven or twelve years of age, I and throughout of the inferior and degraded ] position in which women lived, unwelcome at birth, uacared for, despised, and reviled through life, even by their own sons, and neglected at death in the exclusion of 'medical skill, unless in the rare case of lady surgeons, were pathetic ally referred to. Mr. Hard mentioned also the I recent establishment ol a station at Singapore, I amid a large population, and hoped that as they I were thus stretching out their hands, even to I the very archipelago bordering on the northern I shores of Australia itself, Australia would react) forth her hands with help for the erection ol I buildings in which the missionaries might teach 1 and preach the heathen multitudes. At the I conclusion of the lecture a collection was I taken up, and' a vote of thanks having been 1 accorded to the lecturer, the meeting closed I with a hymn and the benediction. Mr. Hard lectured at Terowie on Monday evening, ami ] on Wednesday proceeded southward to con tinue his labours. It is expected that shortly { Mrs. Hard will lecture in Kooringa on Indian [ costumes (with examples) and customs, when much more interesting information will be given. I Our Hereditary Legislators. — In the I House.- of —Commons, -on Marcn~5; Mr. I Labouchere moved bis resolution declaring it I to be inconsistent with the principles of repre I tentative government that anv member of the Legislature should derive nis title to legislate by right of hereditary descent. In a speed i which excited much laughter, he pointed ou: thatfais motion did not commit anybody to r. single Chamber : but he insisted that an hereditary Chamber wasananachronisininthese days of democracy, and any Radical who did not take the same view he held to be a hum bug. The best cure for those who admired he House of Lords was to go and see the House when it was sitting. On grea: occa sions peers flocked up from all parts of the of the country. They .'sat there like a flock of I sheep, and th^y voted like sheep ; but on an ! ordinary occasion they would see one peer addressing half a dozen others until it came near to the dinaer hour, when they vanished like ghosts. Who were the gentlemen I ordinarily mada new peers? Some of them I were politicans who had been bores and I nuisances in this House, and who had been kicked upstairs ; they were generally very ] rich men, -who had inherited or acquired large ! estates. Then the House of Lords was drawn almost exclusively from one class — and that the landowners. They had heard much about the Irish Land League, but could they imagine a more pernicious land league than this. It was a disgrace and opprobrium to our civilisation. He found that the peers had .£30,000 a year and 350,000 acres of land apiece. A more sel f seeking body of men could not be imagined, for they were always ready to take someplace about the Court or government, if only a salary were attached to it. One gentleman was willing to look after the Queen's dogs, another after har horses, and a third after the Queen's footmen. They often heard that to pay members of the House of Commons would de grade the House and sap its independence. What did they think of the fact that these heriditarv peers drew on an average £joa a year each from the public funds? They were not satisfied with that. They had relatives. The relatives of peers had received from 1855 until the present date 120 millions sterling. If that was a mistake, he would take off the 20 millions, and surely 100 millions was a very considerable sum four hundred or five hundred families to receive. There was a list of those relatives. Tke dukes had 514, the Marquises 566, the earls 3,029, the vicounis 863, and the barons 2,183 rela*ives receiving miner during the interval he had mentioned. By a simple sum in division he found each duke had hid, since 1885, 56 relatives living on the pulilic exchequer. They were told that it would lie 'impossible to abolish the House of Lor.l.v.bat it would be perfectly constitutional. ? Lint Salisbury had referred to physical force I»«ng necessary to do it. Bat nothing would be more easy than to elect three hundred peers to swamp them, and he believed there was such patriotism on these benches (painting, amid loud- laughter, t-- the radical benches) ihat be could find 300 gentlemen on this side of the House who would ascend the altar of their country and sacrifice themselves, The motion was negatived on a division by 202 to 1 66. 