Chafter XI. A DEAD MAN S STEP. Iu the multitude of counsellors, as we knuw, purposes are established. Hitherto, however, Valentine's counsellors bad ad vanced her no more than if they had been the counsellors of Job. She looked from one to the other asking in vain the questions which everyone asks when he begins to un derstand the simple facts, lint there was no answer from any save from Sam, who would simply knock down the house of cards and build it up again. She thought of the old lady in the alms house. Perhaps from her she might get some thing practical, something that would help Melenda at least, something short of Sam's Universal Revolution and the Doctor's Uni versal Confederation of Labour. It is only a natural instinct that mankind in all ages have sought the advice of old women because none are supernaturally wise in the conduct of life, especially old women in almshouses, because they have nothing to do but to observe, to reflect, and to piece together their ex periences. One must not, however, suppose that old women know everything. Some are spe cialists ; as, for example, those who know the art of healing and the properties of herbs. Those who understand the management of man—it is a secret, and I, who have learned it, will never reveal it, but a very simple secret—in all his chjjre.Ctera as brother, lover, father, and h uaoand ; some are deeply versed the treatment of tender infants; some can read the future plain and clear for all in quirers either by the cards, or by the hand, or by omens, or by the appearance of birds; sonle can read character from the face, or a single feature in it, or from the voice, the hand, or the foot; some read thoughts and can advise a man by knowing exactly what is passing in his mind; some can charm worts and order rhcnuaatism to vanish ; and some can tell exactly and without any oracular in definiteness whether any proposed course of action will be lucky or unlucky. I do not know what advice Mrs. Monument would have given to Valentine's questions, because, most unfortunately, she was prevented from putting any by a very singular occurrence. It was this: she found her mother alone and in a strange state of nervous agitation with shaking hands and trembling iips—in the condition known to inebriates as "jumpy." " What's the matter, mother?" she asked. " Your hands are trembling and so are your lips. Are you ill ?" "No, Pully, no, Thank heaven you've come, my dear. I don't know myself to-day. When you spoke juafc now I actually thought it was her ladyship's Voice, and I never even beard your step outside. Give me your hand, child. There—I fee 1 6afe when you are here." " Why, mother, wliat is it?" "I sent Rhoder away after dinner be cause I oouldn t beat her fidgets, I would 1 rather go without mytea. And I want hito the chapel, hut I couldn't jjek^r.r test. And, oh ! dear—dear—how- glad I am you' ve come, Polly. *' ■ ' " Wet',"mother, you will tell me presently ^lien, you leel & little sttonger. Vou shall have your 4ea earlier this afternoon. X want to talk to you about Melenda." " What about Melenda, Polly ? She's never been the good and dutiful daughter that you are. She doesn't come to see her mother but once a month, and then she's in a rage. She came last Sunday and said dreadful things about yon and Lotty. Never mind that— what about Helenda ?" " She is working too hard and Hving too low. She outfit to be made to do some other kind of work, Whet could she try ?" " 1 always told her—but you might as well tallf to a stick'Or a stone—that honest ser vice Is the best thing la the world for a young woman. What is her freedom after all? She's free to walk the streets and to get into bad company, she's free to leam bad manners, and she's free to go hungry and ragged. Well, my dear, Bhe won't hear my advice and—oh, what's that?" " It's nothing, dear," said Valentine. "But, mother, what makes you so nervous to day ?" " I can't tell you, child. I can't tell any body." It was useless to ask her for advice. The old lady was incoherent and incapable of thought Valentine made haste to get ready the tea and to talk on indifferent things. And while she taiked she saw that her mother either listened with an effort or did not listen at all, but suffered her lips to move in silence, while the trembling of her hands showed tiie disquiet of her mind. When she had taken tea, which is a seda tive and restorative of the highest order, the old lady felt herself stronger and breathed more freely. " Polly," she said, "if yon hadn't come to day I should have gone clean off my head I should." " Well, mother, wouldn't you be easier if you told me all the tronble? Is it anything about one of the boys? Is Joe in trouble?" " No—no, nothing's the matter with Joe. And I can't tell Joe, because he would only laugh at me. But I must tell somebody. My dear," she stooped forward and whispered, " I've hud a most terrible fright." " A fright? Did thieves try to break in here ?" " No, Polly—no, not thieves. Bless you ! I ain't alraid of thieves. It's worse than that." " What was it ?" " I heard a step Polly." " A step ?" " Polly—I can't tell you—the young don't understand--what a dreadful thing it is to j hear a step you haven't beard for twenty years—a dead man's step—and to wonder ! why it came and what—it wanted ; and then to remember all the misery that step might have caused if the dead man wasn't dead. I know he's dead; I'm quite certain of that. Yet I'm terrible put out, my dear ; if I hadn't told you I think I must have gone out of my senses, so shook I am to-day. Some one I must ha' told. 1 couldn't tell Rhoder, because Joe would never forgive me if I did. She's one of them who is never to know." " Whose step was it like then Y' "Polly. Give me your hand again. Oh ! what a blessing you are to me, my dear ! Your christian name was Maria because he ordered it, but I've always called you Polly and I always shall. It was the step of your own father, my dear, who's dead and gone." " My father ? But since he is dead—"for the moment her thoughts turned to a certain portrait, that representing Sir Lancelot in his uniform as Colonel of Yeomanry Cavalry. Then she remembered that, unlike any other girl in history, she had tsvo fathers. There are many girls who have only one father between them, but Valentine's is absolutely the only case in which a girl has had more than one father. "Why," she added, "it is twenty years since my father died." " No, my dear, it is only five years. Joe brought me the news, and I cried for joy and thankfulness. Cried for joy I did." " Only five years? But we always thought—" "I told her ladyship twenty years ago that he was dead. It wasn't true; and yet he was as good as dead to me and to the children. And to the world as well. I don't know whether the world or me was better pleased that he was dead to everybody. I don't know which of us prayed the hardest that he would never come to life again." " Why, mother, what does this mean ?" The bitterness 01 these words and the in tensity with which they were uttered, startled and terrified Valentine. What could they meau ? She turned with a presentiment of evil. " I told Lady Mildred a falsehood. It did her no harm and I couldn't—no, I couldn't— tell her the truth. She who'd known me when I was respectable, and didn't even guess what had happened. It was my secret all to myself and to Joe. There's some things a woman can't tell. As for the truth Joe and me knew it and nobody else, and I was then on Hackney Marsh out of the way, and there was pleuty of time before me even if he should come back, and I thought to get the children put out to work so as he shouldn't know where they were nor ever be able to do them any harm—or bring slianie upon them as he brought it on me." " Do them harm ? Bring shame upon them ? Why f " You don't know, Polly. But I'll tell you now, because 1 can talk to you as I can't to Melenda or the boys—and oh ! my dear, I feel the comfort of having a daughter you can talk to." " Go on, mother," said Valentine. " Well, then, my dear, if there was ever a wickeder man than your father in the whole world—Lord help his wife and children ! And if ever there was a man who was more bent on wicked ways, and more' gloried in his wicked life, 1 uever heard of him." " Where was he then, when he was dead to you and —" Here she stopped and her cheek llamed suddenly scarlet, as if she had received a shameful blow, for she understood where he was—those wno are dead to wife nnd children yet living—those whose living death is a subject of rejoicing in the world— are in— " Mother," 6he said, " he was in prison." " Hush 1 my dear," her mother whispered, " not so loud. Yes ; he was in prison. Ilush ! don't ever say that Word out lond again. Nobody knows it but Joe and me. Joe was old enough to know when he was took. Thank God the knowledge of it frightened him, and helped to make him the sober steady man he is. No one else knows —not Joe's wife, nor yet his children. They don't know. And none of the rest knows, not Sam, nor Claude, nor Melenda. Don't yon tell them, Polly. Don't you never tell them. Sam's that proud and set up with his grand position and his saccess that it would cut him to the heart, and my Claude.too, though, of course, he isn't to compare with Sam. Don't make them hang their proud heads, and Melenda, too—bless the girl—with her independence. Don't shame them, Polly, don't tell them." " I shall r.Ct leil—oh! mother—why did yo« tc-II me?" she asked impatiently. " When you came here to-day without any play actiu', and leaving Miss Beatrice with uer mar, and kind and thoughtful for your mother, my dear—Oh ! what a blessing it is to have my Polly back again"—Valentine kissed her and fondled her hand, penitent already for her impatience—" full of your soft and ladylike ways, my dear, which Melenda couldn't never learn, living as she does, slaving and starving, it came into my head that I must teW you. What's the good of having a daughter if you can't tell every thing that is in your mind ?" " Tell me everything," said Valentine, with a sinking heart. "|Tell me everything if it will relieve your mind, dear." " I wouldn't have told yoil anything, my dear, if it hadn't been tor that dteadfnl step, which frightened me out of my wita almost It waa nigh upon the stroke of ten, because 11 heard the clock soon afterwards, I'd for gotten to lock the door—why, I often leftve it ajar when I go to bed, ao as Rhodec enn get in first thing in the morning. I was fast asleep—i mast haw been asleep, though I dreamed I was awake, and afl of a sudden in my dream of being awake 1 heard his step. It came over the flags within the court, and walking quickly as he always walked, stopped at my door, and so into the house." "Oh!" Valentine was trembling nowr\be canse that strange horror which we call the fear of the supernatural is the most catching thing in the world—worse than measles. " Oh 1 and then yon heard his step on the flag-8 tones" " Yea: and in the house ; the step came into the room below. I don't know how long it lasted, because I couldn't move hand or foot, and I couldn't breathe even, and my tongue was tied, and I couldn't open my mouth. Ob, dear! It was last niilit." She stopped, overcome by the recollection of that dreadful dream. When 1 came to, I got up and crept downstairs and felt obout the room. I'.ut no one was there. IIow should there be? Blind jreople can't see ghosts like other people, but they can feel them if there a one about There was a blind woman once, when I was a girl, who was haunted by the ghost of her husband. He'd ait beside her bed all night and say nothing, but she felt bira there, and if all tales about her was true, it served her right. If one blind woman, why not two? Perhaps be come repentant Well, I'm ready to forgive him now he's dead. I couldn't before." Many Christians resembled Mrs. Monument in this view of forgiveness as a duty. "You are quite sure there was no one there ?" " Neither man nor ghost was there—and the door was ajar, just as I'd left it" "And was nothing stolen?" "No, my dear. There isn't much to steal." " It was a strange dream," 6aid Valentine. "A strange and a dreadful dream. Did you hear the step again when you went back to bed ?" "No, my dear. Not again. But I lay awake all night waiting for it, though I knew it was only a dream." "Shall I stay with you to-night?" " No, my dear. I am better now I've told you. I'm. not afraid any longer." " Well, don't forget to lock and bolt your door." " Locks and bolts won't keep out ghosts. And never a lock nor a bolt ever made, would keep him out when he was alive much less now he's dead." " Forget your dream, mother. And tell me more about my father. Tell me all, unless it gives yon pain to talk about hici." "No. my dear, it eases me, because if I don't talk about him I think about him. I almost wish I hadn't toldyou anything, Polly. It won't make you any happier to know that. But then I was so upset " " Yes, mother, it was better for yon. I know now that my father's only legacy to his children was n record of disgrace, which yoa have mercifully concealed." "Disgrace and- eliame, Polly," the blind woman echoed. Present!)- she went on again. "Whenhe came to tlie village first and began courting, my head was turned because he was such a handsome lad, and I was such a homely lasB. His ways were finicking as if he was a gentleman, and there was nothing that he couldn't da He'd play the fiddle, which he did most heavenly, till yon either laughed, or cried, or danced, just as he wanted you to do; be could sing songs, having a most sweet and melting voice, till he brought the tears into everybody's eyes ; he could do conjuring tricks, and he'd make yon believe whatever rubbish he wanted ; he could carve most beautiful ir. wood, and at his own trade, which was - locksmithing, 1 don't suppose were was a cleverer lad in die world. Well, I never asked him what he came into our parts for, and though there was two houses broke open while he wag coming and going, nobody ever suspected my James, and least of all could I suspect him. And on Sunday always in his place at church beside me with his book in his hand, and singing better than the whole choir put together, so that the vicar thought he was a good young man indeed, and everybody told me I was a lucky woman. A proud woman I was, I can tell you. when I stood with nay man and all the people there to see. Little Lady Mildred herself was brought to the wedding because I'd been under nurse, and she gave me my white frock—at least, her mother did—and said it was her gift.and—there —its seven-and-thirty years ago. Joe is six - and - thirty, and you are only twenty, but close to twenty-one, being actun I iy fifteen years younger than Joe. My dear"—she interrupted her narrative in order to apologise for this deference— "I know it is naiural there oughtn't to be such a dis tance between the eldest and the youngest o£ live. You ought to be thirty at least by now if you had your rights. But I couldn't help it, because your father, you see, he was gene rally in the place—the place—where he died at last." " You mean he was in prison," said Valen tine, stoutly, and don't mind about the dif ference between Joe anu me. 1 daresay I shall be thirty in good time." " Iu prison, then, ray dear. Now, though he came to London at first to look tor work, I very soon found out that he hadn't got any regular work, and wouldn't take it ii it was offered. Half his time he was away, saying it was country jobs which paid him well, and he'd be away sometimes for a month at a spell, after which there would be a month's idleness and doing nothing. But alwayB plenty of money, and better living we bad than many a gentleman's house." " Did he have any relations J" " No ; not any that I ever heard of—some of the books here on my shelves belonged, he said, to his father ; and he said his father was a gentleman, but what kind of man he was to have such a son l*in ^ure I don't know. Well, Polly, I lived, as they say, in Fool's Paradise > tor he never got drunk, and be didn't use language, and he was not a striker, and though he would only work when Jig was obliged, una left me so much aJche, I loved him, and thought I was the happiest woman ih the world. Happy t res, like the lamb in the fields. It was when Joe was a baby of three monthwthat 1 found out the truth. He got ten years "—Valen tine shuddered. "Ten years. -It was a bad burglary. Ilia box of tools was in one lodgings and a chest full of stolen things, and they talked of trying tne along with him, but they didn't. My dear,. I never so ranch as suspected. Ten years! Tben I took Joe and all the money that I"bad and went away to Hackney Marsh ancL took my maiden name again and began witJt the washing." . 1 "And after his teh years lie came hack again, I suppose?" " Before then; he came back tntli a ticket of-leave, and you may be Sure he fohhd i»e out—I don't know bow. but be did, and'you might as well try to.hide .a rabbit ttoma weasel as to bide anything frete thut 'b»A. He came back, my dear, and theh telitW a very, strange liffe. l<br be ttiWortfcivhpl reformed, and yet he would stan _a*#-lor* month at a time, upd I knew he hadn't* He kebt ccuiet when hi eras at home, aud te» the neighbours he was a sea-faring man, and wore a blue jacket He never took any of my money, and 1 wouldn't touch none of his, Bud he uever had any meals in the house, but he'd sit in the parlour and read his books, and he'd smoke cigars and drink good wine like a gentleman, all by himself. Twice be went away and didn't come back foreightfen months, so I suppose he'd been took again. Hut after each spell back lie came and that went on, my dear, for seven long years— leven years—me asking no questions and him telling no lies, and coming and going itist as he pleased. Seven years, Sam came first, and then Claude, and then Melenda. But be tore you were born, my dear, though not before your name was fixed, which was Maria, as I've told you often, he was took again. It was another burglary, I know, with violence, and he got five and twenty years, which Joe said was as good as a lifer, and we needn't expect to see him ever again." "Is that all?" "That's all, my dear. And now you and me have got that secret between us, nnd we are never to let the two boys or Melenda know, are we ?" " Never to let the boys know," said Valen tine. " Oh 1 poor Claude !" " If they never find it out it won't matter to them, wiiiit?" said his mother. "Joe's wife and the children don't know it Nobody knows it except you and me and Joe. Some times I think it's made Joe the good son lie's always been to me, because we've had that secret to ourselves." " Since he i9 dead—but is he dead ?" " Yes, he is dead," she replied quickly. " Joe heard that for certain. There's no doubt about that." " Did he never write to you ?"' " Never, and I'll tell you why. It was be cause he thought my cottage was such a good hiding place, where he could come and go as he pleased and never suspected, and me under another name. Only, minJ, I wouldn't have any boxes brought home with him. You see, if he'd written, the police would have known where to look for him. Why, I've known him—oh ! a dozen times —talk to the policeman over the garden palings about himself as cool as you please." " What was his name?" " His name was Carey—James Carey. Why, my dear, you are too young to re member it, but thirty years ago the news papers were full of his name, and the whole country was ringing with his burglaries. They wrote a life of him and sold it for a penny all over London. But of course you've never 6een the books." No, Valentine had little wish to see that biographical book. " Look on the shelves, roily. There are some of his books. You will find his father's name in them. At least, he said they were his father's books, but who knows what his name really was nor what was his his tory." Valentine had noticed a row of well-bound books on her first visit, chietiy because books are not too often met with in a Tottenham alms-house. Now she took them down and examined them. The firsc book was the Divina Vomedia di Dante A lighieri in Italian, a beautifuily-bound copy of a scarce edition, a9 Valentine knew. One does not usually expect to find rare editions in an almshouse. She passed on to the next on the shelf. This was L'uffid and Psyche, English'd from the Latin of Apuleius, quarto in calf, with the date 17-LL Then came Froissart's Chronicles, in four goodly volumes, quarto and half calf, the translations of Johaunis. After this came an odd volume of Hutchinson's Dur ham ; then another odd volume of La Fon taine's Contcs Et AouveUes; then two or three volumes of Florian's magnificently bound. There were others, but Valentine stopped there, because she suddenly appre hended tile meaning of this thing. If I desired to possess, and intended to Bhow about for the gratification of vanity and the support of my pretensions to gentle birth something solid, and not to be disputed, I should not content myself with the ordinary well-known methods. I might like some of my neighbours invent and circulate family anecdotes, which unkind friends would pro ceed to quote and to misrepresent in a nasty sniggering spirit I might also, as they do, adorn my rooms with family portraits, which may be had at a reasonable figure, and are effective so long as there exists a friendly disposition to a give and take credulity. I might, in addition, have a family pedigree going back to the wars of the Rosea at least, and beginning with a valiant knight sup Eosed to be connected with a very illustrious oose; this, too, may be procured for a small Bum, beautifully written on parchment, and adorned with shields. I should stick up coats of mail with trophies of spears, shields, bucklers, and pikes, all family heirlooms, and descending in the male line from the Crusader and Coeur de Lion. I should buy diti silver pings with my arms engraved upon them. These things are all nseful in their way, but fhey want corroboration. There fore, I should search for and buy old books of the sixteenth, seventeenth, and eighteenth centuries, without names in litem, and in these books I should write the names of my ancestors in a pale brown ink, with the date of acquisition, and a remark or two in Latin. Nothing is so effective as Latin. I should arrange them upon a shelf about the average height of the human eye, which is five feet seven inches, and I should say when my friends took them down curiously "Alas ! all that I have been able to save of the old family library. You will find the name of one or two of my people there. See! here is good old Sir Simon, knighted by Queen Bess at Tilbury." There might be jealousies and envying, but there would be no flouts or jeers because nothing could more effectually prdvd the antiquity of the, house, or, for modest it is something to prove that roar grandfather could read Latin and Italian; therefore, books only eighty years af age might be used to ££rve that purpose. Valentine opened the voicmes. In each Dne there was a book plate with a coat of urns, and under the Bhield fn each Was written the name of "Francis Colquhoaa Carey. Therefore, the said Francis must save known Italian and French at least, and He must have taken an interest in county sistory, and—he most have been a gentle nan by birth. iskefL6*6 111686 booka~Iny father's?" she "They were all his, my dear, and his father's before him. " Who was his father ?' " I don't know, my deat Because be never told me. I've always thought he must have been a love child, He left them with me always. To be sure he couldn't take (hem With bio} when he went " ^jfo^fcaid Valentine, " certaijjjjgj^j could author's workB cannot follow him place, though they may, and gene abcomp&ny; him to the grave. :j>?-3meo his father was a gentleman " "Bo he always said, my dear. And that he'd got fine relations, and then he'd laugh and say thathewas bringing great honour on the family, though they would do nothing for him." " It is strange," Baid Valentine, " did he never explain how he came to fall so low ?" " No, never, and aa to being fallen low, he pretended he'd risen high and couldn't own that his way of living was shameful and disgraceful. 'Why,'he said a dozen times after he pretended to be reformed and would talk Scripture by the half hour, 'Why,' he said, ' its me against the world ; my clever ness against your locks, and your laws, and your police. And I'm the head of them all. There's not a man in the profession but envies me and admires me. Who is there that's got into so many houses as I have? Who's defied the police as I have V That's the way he used to go on, and as to living by honest work, it was nothing but slaving for a slave driver ; if he couldn't be a slave-driver he wouldn't be a slave." "And was he any the richer for his rob berries ?" " I dou't know, my dear, where the money went, because I never asked. 13ut it went in wickedness, I daresay." "Oh !" cried Valentine, stung by a sudden terror. " Suppose he wasn't dead, after all ; what misery to 6ee him appear again." " lie's dead," said the widow quietly. " it was his ghost whose step I heard, if lie wasn't dead he'd been out before now. But I know that he's dead and buried. Oh ) Polly, I'm half sorry after all that I told you !" 