The position of the New Heb[?]des question requires to be carefully consi dered by colonial Ministers A certain triumph has been achreved in forcing the French Government to haul down its flag in the New Hehudes The concession to English and Australian feeling is of value, because it shows plainly enough that France is not pre pared to quanel with Gieat Britain about the islands, and will endeavqr to soothe the susceptibilities of the British people But it would be a fatal delu sion on our part to regard the hauling down of the tucolor as n satisfactoiy settlement of the question The French troops remain on the islands, which are thus made practically French territory The man who, having taken forcible possession of a house which did not belong to him, could hardly be said to have satisfied justice by meiely removing the hi ass-plate with Ins name upon it from the fiont door. And this appears to be about all M deFKEYCiNET is prepaied to do unless further pressure be put upon him Even the New Caledonian advo cate of Fiench aggression admits that the excuse put forward for the landing of troops was a v ery poor one, and we may be sure that the massacre of French settlers, had it taken place, would have become known to the people of this colony before it could have been communicated to the French Government and an authorisation of the recent proceedings been sent to New Caledonia Piobably no one in France or out of it believes that the alleged massacre was more than a pretext to obtain actual possession of the coveted territory. Under the peculiar circum stances in which the New Hebrides were placed, as being the subject of negotia tion between the two Governments, it might be supposed that had any occasion arisen for military intervention for the protection of French citizens, the cir cumstance would have been communi cated to the British Government, with a fuendly intimation of what was in tended, accompanied by assurances that no action would be taken which was in any way inconsistent with the understanding between the two Powers But not only was no intimation of the intended movement conveyed to the British Government, but when the ex pedition was fitted out by the Governor of New Caledonia, under instructions from Paris, the greatest secrecy was observed. The house of the British Consul at Noumea was watched by spies, all egress of vessels from the port was stopped, and the greatest care taken that no warning of the intended movement should be conveyed to the British naval authorities on the station until the coup had been delivered Apparently, what the Fiench pro pose is, that m consideration of taking down a flag, which can be run up again at any moment, they should be permitted to retain actual military possession of the islands for so long as they choose to remain there! We hardly think the Australian colonies will approv e of any such arrangement. Admitting that nothing unusual had occurred in the New Hebrides to neces sitate exceptional action on the part of the French, we have to ask what would be the probable result of the troops re maining even for a time 1 Sham sales of land have been made to the French company, but their worthlessness hav ing been demonstrated possession has been refused by the natives, a refusal 1 j'ustified by the missionaries and by the British Admiral. . W hat we may ex pect the tropps to do in the first place is toVgive" .forcible possesion .to the New Hebrides Company of the lands referred to, and by this iniquitous pro ceeding give rise to resistance on the part of the natives. This resistance will be described as “disorder” which ne cessitates the continued occupation of the islands. Not only will this forcible seizure of native lands without the ad judication of any competent court be< a_ gross injustice in /itself, but it may| pave the way to further confiscations of the rights of the native tribes We recently drew attention to the mode of overcoming native intractability in the New Hebrides, suggested by a New Caledonian journalist, who probably expressed the views of the New Caledonian authorities and the direc tors of the French New Hebrides Com pany. Whenever an “outrage” vas committed by natives, the latter, it vas urged, should not only be punished by musket and cannon, but a fine imposed on the tubes by the confiscation or a slice of territory By persistence in this policy the tribes would be made peaceable and tractable and French colonisation assured. The question is whether this policy of slaughter and plunder is one which the colonies and the Imperial Government will stand quietly by and see carried out. An English periodical says that the Colonial Office is very much incensed at the action taken by the colony of Victoria in relation to the New Hebrides We can’ well believe it. As far as we can make out, the policy of the Colonial Office in Pacific affairs has been to render the expansion of the British Empire in this part of the world impossible by surrounding Aus tralasia with a ting of foreign steel. Since the Sydney conference declared that the Pacific Islands, then unoccu pied by any civilised Power, should te reserved for Australasia, the territoiy in question has been gradually annexed by foreign States with the consent ( of the Butish Government. The sole ex ception is a strip of New Guinea, most grudgingly attached to the British Empne, and any pecuniary responsi bdity for which was offensively re pudiated by the Imperial Ministry All the lest has gone to the foreigner with the exception of Samoa and the New Hebrides Samoa also have gone to Germany but for th? piompt action of the United Stats Consul, and the New Hebudes woull have been ceded to Fiance by tie Butish Government but for the dt termined resistance of the Australasia - ! colonies. The plain language of Mr Gillies may not be pleasing to officul eais at the Colonial Office, but it b lecognised as having the right ring bj the English people, who are prepared to side with the colonial cause agains, anti national Ministers and officials Fnovi Europe and Ameuca there corns the pleasing intelligence that symptoms of a revival of commercial activity have appealed The depression lias been so intense and long-continued tliat the fall in values had begun to be looked upon as permanent, and one to which industry would have to confoim. This view appeals to have been too hastily taken, and there is now hope that, having armed at the extieme swing of the pendulum on one side, we may look forw'aid to another period of prospeuty The only class by whom the change will be deplored will be the agi tators who make capital out of the suffeungs of the multitude Those sufferings have certainly been severe, and they have been widespread, no foim of Government noi fiscal system appearing to have had any influence over them In freetiade England theie have been thousands of men willing to work and unable to obtain employment, the distress culminating in laboi riots But in protectionist Fiance and America the social condition of the people has been no better, and the disturbances winch usually arise in periods of distress have been maiked in those countries by a degree of violence which has no parallel in the United Kingdom It was only natural that, under such circumstances, wild schemes of social re organisation should have re ceived a larger share of attention than formeily, but m no countiy has the suffering of the working classes, gieat though it has been, secured any considerable amount of popular support for the destructive theoues which common sense condemned Nothing could more fully demonstrate the solid basis upon which Australian pro sperity rested than the ease w ith which the era of depression has been borne by these colonies That they have suffered acutely is evident enough The value of then staple products—wool and grain—has fallen to an unprecedentedly low rate, and the misfortune was aggravated by the local calamity of bad seasons New South "Wales and South Australia have suffeied the most from these causes, -the result being shown in the foimer by a de cided check to its remarkable pros penty-of the last 10 years, and in the latter by something appi caching a financial collapse. One of the earliest signs of returning confidence in Euro pean commercial cucles is the sudden rise in the price of wool, crossbreds having advanced 5 to 15 per cent, and meimos from 20 to 25 per cent on the puces of last series The full meaning of this use will be undei stood when we say it represents an increased in come of the Australasian colonies of at least £3,000,000 per annum. The time has happily gone by when a patient hearing was given in this colony to a contention that the pro sperity of one class was detrimental to that of others It is generally recog nised now that the prosperity of any one of our gieat producing interests is reflected upon the community at large. Business and tiade in all departments are stimulated by a good harvest or a good wool clip, and more particularly so by such an advance in the price of our native productions as greatly to increase the profits of those employed in the chief industries Should the anticipation tnat a series of favorable seasons is about to follow the drought cycle with which Australia has been afflicted be verified, and the present advance in the price of wool be maintained, we may reasonably hope for a period of great prosperity in which these colonies will progress at a rate which will far surpass even the wonderful progression of the last quarter of a century. The addition of three millions, in one department alone, to the national income is calculated to have a stimulating effect on other branches of industry. We need hardly remind our readers that'no interest siffers more immediately and severely from general commercial depres aon than mining. The low con dition which that great industry las reached at the present time, is due lot to the exhaustion of our mineral resources, but to the general contraction on an almost unexampled and world wide depression. We may safely anti cipate that the improved prospects of other branches of industry will liberate a larger amount of capital for investment in mining, and that under that stimulating influence, the gold yield of the colony will be raised, thus adding mdhons more to the collective wealth of the community. It is precisely at this juncture that the Government of the country can render mining effectual assistance By the vigorous prosecution of' prospecting operations at the present time dis coveries are bound to be made which will give investors confidence in the mineral resources of the colony, and induce a freer investment of capital in mining ventures. Is it too much to expect that, at least the goldfield mem bers will -ke°p this object steadily in view, avoiding ’die debate, and setting themselves seriously to the task of de veloping the resources of the colon}? The general committee of the Benevolent Asylum met last evening, in order to con sider the resignation of the secretary, Air Peter Cazaly, and also the progiess report of the special auditors The auditors re ported that since -the last snb committee meeting they had compared the total re ceipts for 1885, acknowledged in the annual .report, with the amounts enteied in the cash book, and found a deficiency of £143 16s 3d. Among these amounts enumeiated in the report, but not in the cash-book, is a sum of £l5 received from Mr A Fisken in October last, €3O from theßiponslnreCouneil, in the same month, and £lOO 4s from R Richardson in December last These sums totalling £145 4s were handed over by Air Cazaly at the meeting of the sub committee-.on Thursday last The leport dealt with the various irregularities in not paying in the sums until some time after they were receiv ed, and a list of amounts was appended that-had been held back for from 14 to 40 days. The auditors xecom mended that in futnie the secretary be re quired to pay in all the money received within two or, at the most, three days, and that he be further required to produce to the treasurer eveiy fortnight the cashbook and blocks, with duplicate pay-m slips, to prove that he has paid in the exact amount in his hands. The repoit was received, and the auditors instructed to further proceed with the audit. The letter from Air Cazaly, tendering his resignation, was received, but the resignation was not accepted, pending the fuither investigations. A report of the meeting will he found in another column. We are informed that the Rev. H. W. H. Adeney will probably nominate a locum, tenewt of St Peters, for the month* of July and August, having obtained leave of absence from the bishop on condition of his making a satisfactory arrangement of this kind The clergyman placed temporarily in charge is likely to be the Rev. Arthur Chase, B A , of Trinity College. Mr Chase is the son of Canon Chase of Alelbourne, and has won golden opinions in his work at Richmond He was admitted to the priesthood at Christ Church Pro Cathedral on Sunday last. An aiticle, entitled “ The Alidas leads of long ago,”published in another column, will, no doubt, be read with oonsidei able interest by our mining investors It is a bit of what may be termed the ancient instscy of saaiwg in the Sulky Gully district, and the ex tracts from The Star of 1856 and later, giv e the first notes of the struggle, not yet satis factorily ended, for mining on pi iv ate pro perty. Compared with Mr Clarke’s demand at that time—£6ooo to enter, and extract the gold from five acres of land, the largest payments of the present time will be deemed moderate indeed This large demand, inequitable and unjust, was the means of checking mining opeiations in that district for many years, hut under the liberal terjune of his son, Sir W. J Clarke, it is to be hoped that a field vv ill be opened up to giv e employment to thousands of men, as w ell as for the piofitablc mv estment of capital It is lumored that Air W A Bailey, partner with Air Wynne in the Tennalhim estate, intends to take legal proceedings against Air G G Alorton, in consequence of remarks made by the latter at a i ecent meet mg of the Ballarat Agricultural aud Pastoral Society. One of a gang of young scapegraces known as the “Eastern Oval lauikins” was brought before the Town Couit jesterday and charged with using insulting words and with stealing a cigai case belonging to Air B M'Alillan During the hearing of this ease Mr Roberts, tailoi, of Alorns street, de posed that the accused, vv ho was an orphan, was until lately a v ery good lad, but he had been led astray by keeping bid company and by associating with the idle youths who loitered in and around the Eastern Oval The Eastern Oval, said Air Robeits, is at certain times nothing more or less than a den of infamy, where at all hours of the day joung men could he seen playing cards This gambling on a public leseive in the centre of a town he considered disgiaceful Air Inspector Parkinson, who was in court, remarked that the Oval never had better police protection than at present, and he felt ithat the constables did their duty as fat as they could; but the police could not be con stautly on the Oval, and when their backs were turned the lanikins would assemble and play their pranks The bench agreed with Air Parkinson Ci Long—“ Look at the court now; why, it is nearly filled with boys ” The bench ordeied the court to be cleared of all juveniles Mr J J. Fitzgeiald, JP, remaiked that Bridge stieet at night time was thronged vv ith larrikins, who vv ei e a disgrace to the community, and said that steps ought to be taken immediately to rid the thoi oughfare of the nuisance Air Robert son, JP, agreed with Air Fitzgerald, and said that the police could not act without authority in the shape of a bylaw The police could order persons to “move on,” but what was wanted was a bylaw empower mg them to arrest all persons who persisted in loitering at street corners or in the streets Air Long considered that if parents would only do their duty, there would be less lamkinism in Bridge street and other thoioughfaies. The bench, too, should deal seveiely with larnkimsm. When the magis trates had concluded their remarks, the pn soner Lewis was discharged with a caution as he was an orphan and as he expressed sorrow foi his offence. The unfortunate man William Rose, who vv as admitted to the Hospital suffering from mjui les c msed by being caught in the cage at the No. 1 Reform Company’s tribute, Haddon, died in the Hospital yesterday The deceased’s spine apparently was broken, and he lingeied on until about 1 o’clock, vv hen he succumbed to Ins injuries. An in quest will be held to day. When distributing the certificates gained in connection w ith .the St. John Ambulance Association, at the School of Aimes last night, Bishop Thornton touched upon the question of hav mg a training institution for nuises He remarked that the ladies who had obtained first class certificates from the Ambulance Association might attend an adv anced class in nursing and hygiene They wanted trained nurses, and though it was not intended exactly to train them in these classes, yet he w ould like to see a home for such a purpose He would like to see the Hospital turned to account as a school foi training nurses, as the Alfred Hospital at Alelbourne was. The times of clearance of the receiving boxes at the City Post Office for letter earners’ deliveries are as follow —7 25 and 10 55 a.m , and 3 45 p m. ilr C. E Jones, AI L A , delivered his popu lar lecture, “Lincoln and Garfield,” m the assembly room of the Alfred Hall last iffght. There was a large attendance, and Lieut.- Colonel Smith, ALL A, presided. On the platform were also Cr M‘Donald, of the City Council, and Captain Carlyou. The lecture was in aid of the funds of the Soldiers Hill Fue Brigade, and was under the patronage _of the Australian Natives’ Association, South street Debating Society, Ballarat Old Colonists’ Association, and the Catholic Young Alen’s Societies. Prior to the lecture the Ballarat East Drum aud Fife Band played selections of music n the principal thoroughfares of the Town. As on previous deliveries, “Lincoln and Gar field ” proved both instructive and interest ing, and Mr Jones was frequently loudly ap plauded. Votes of thanks to the lecturer and chairman closed the proceedings. On the occasion of the distribution of the prizes given to the Roman Catholic inmates of the Reformatory by the members of the Christian Doctrine Society on Sun day, the follow ing donations were promised for next year —Mr Mm phy, M L A , £1 Is; Mi J. J. Fitzgerald, six books, including a history of Ireland for the best behav ed boy in the class; and Mr J. Paton, books to be awarded by himself at a chance visit to the boys who showed the most proficiency in the Church Catechism ' Some long needed alterations were yester day effected to the lighting arrangements in the newspaper room at the Mechanics’ Insti tute whereby the gas jets will be lowered about two feet, and thus give a better light to night readers, while at the same time, by utilising smaller burners, a saving of gas will be effected. Mr R. T. Hager, grocei and provision merchant of Bridge stieet, has consented to allow himself to be nominated for the ap proachmg municipal election in Ballarat East. The retiring councillors are Messrs Long, Russell, and Ellsworth, all of whom will seek re election. Dr Jermyn is about to remove from Bal larat, and his piacticc will be taken up by Dr Salmon,' a young practitioner Mr Wanliss’ central committee met last e\ ening at the office, Lydiard street. They reported having met with very gratifying success during their visits through the City. A number of peisons m the country districts hav e volunteered their assistance, and fresh committees have been formed in various parts of the prov mce. A list of Mr Wanliss’ meetings will be found in our advertising columns At the City Police Court yesterday morn ing a woman named Sarah Hawkins was fined £2, in default 14 days imprisonment, for insulting behaviour. Johu Webb and Harriet Jamieson weie each fined £3, m de fault thiee weeks’ imprisonment, on a charge of indecent behav ioui in a public place One inebriate was also dealt with. Messrs Shoppee and Acheson, J’s.P., were the pre siding magistrates. A lad named James Kelly, a jockey, had his jaw broken yesteiday at Miners’ Rest, through a horse falling with him over a jump. The boy was hiongnt into Ballarat and admitted to the Hospital. There is now on view at the establishment of Mr H. F. Hutton, jew eller, Sturt street, the handsome gold watcli and chain pre sented to Mr J. \V. Reid on his leaving Bal larat. The following inscription has been placed on the inside of the case —“ A souvenir to J W. Reid, Esq as a maik of esteem by his fi tends and fellow citizens, Ballaiat 14th June, 18S6 ” The sum of £4O 76412 s 3d was received on the Victorian railways for the week ended 17th mst For the corresponding week m last year the amount received was £32,977 9s lOd, A vv ell attended meeting of the sub com mittee appointed to canvass the district west of Drummond street on behalf of Mi Dav id Ham was held at Clemence’s Western hotel, Sturt street, last evening. The reports le ceived weie very satisfactory, and it was fully evident that the committee are taking all possible steps to secure Mr Ham’s re turn. The magistrates presiding at the Town Couit yesterday made an example of the disorderly young ruffian Robert Harrison, whose case was reported in The Star of yes terday. Prisoner vv as charged as follow s Making use of insulting words in a public place, with intent to commit a breach of the peace; unlawfully assaulting Senior Con stable Nedwell in the execution of his duty; and unlawfully assaulting Constable Healey in the execution of his duty _ There were four previous convictions against Harrison The accused who is a mmei by occupation was fined as follows For assaulting Senior constable Ned well, £5, in default three months’ imprisonment, foi assaulting Constable Healey, £5, in default three months’ imprisonment; and for using insulting words, ±2 The fines, amounting to £l2, were paid Hairison, in addition to assaulting the police and using disgusting language, said he would “ swing” for Ned well, and threatened to burn down Healey’s residence foi his audacity'm preventing him fiom “enjoying” himself as he desired, viz , by r creating an uproai in the Mam road Superintendent Palmer last night expressed .himself as so struck vv ith the good work done by the Ballarat School of Mines that he handed to the registrar, Mr Berry, a dona tion of £1 Is We are informed that the Education De paitment have notified tneir intention to give to Mis Grant, widow of the late teachei at Learmonth, the full amount the deceased would have received had he been paid com pensation on retirement instead of a pen sion A model of a tramway, the motive power of propelling the cais on which is electricity, may be seen working daily at Mr Ham bui ger’s railway w orkshops, Ly diatd street It is well woith inspection, the system of electric bell signalling being particularly effective Mi T D Wanliss will addiess the electors of the Wellington Pi ounce on Satin day night in the assembly room of the Alfred Hall. The Observatory at Mount Pleasant vv ill be closed for a fortnight foi the purpose of making repairs Constable Clarke, of the Victoria stieet police, had a case at the Town Court yester day, in which Clung Toy was charged with damaging the footpaths of the Town by wheeling a vegetable cait over them Clung, vv hen addi essed by the policeman, exclaimed, “No savee, no understand Englisheyman,” but the magistrates yesteiday im pi eased upon the accused the fact that the property of the ratepayers must not be destioyed, and imposed a fine of 2s 6d, with 13s costs Richard Budd vv as fined 2s 6d, with 2a 6d costs, for leaving his waggon and horses without proper coutiol. At the Town Court yesterday tw o boy s named John Bennett and David Halhday were charged with throwing stones ovei the Peel stieet railway arch, to the danger of passers by. Mr Inspector Parkinson did not press the charge, and the lads were, theie fore-, set at liberty At the Town Court yesterday, before Messrs Long, Fitzgeiald, Robertson, Rus sell, and Walker, J’s P , a man named John Murray, chaiged with dtunkenness and vv ith and imaging pannikins, the property of the Government, was discharged with a caution as he had been mcaicerated since the previous Saturday Among the persons charged with drunken ness at the Town Couit yesterday was a blackfellow named Jonas Jackson. The ac cused had, while under the influence of drink, been “playing ghost” in the lower portion of the Mam road, and a policeman who “doesn’t believe in spuits” mustered oouiage and captured Jonas after a smait chase Prisoner was discharged with a caution. Mr T. D. Wanliss visited Talbot and Amherst on Monday, and met a large mini her of the electors of that district, and pro nuses of suppoit were freely giv en A strong committee was formed, Mr C Chalmers was appointed local secietary, and all ai range ments weie made for seeming the return of Mr Wanhss. A team of riflemen from the Sandhurst Rifle Club, which comprises A and B Com pauies of the 4th Battalion, will fire a match on Thursday, Ist J uly, against C Company of 3rd Battalion The last match between these teams was fared at Sandhurst, and after a close and interesting contest vv as won by C Company by four points, the respective totals being 777, 773. “ They slept in beauty side by side; they filled one” dooistep with their recumbent forms, when Senior constable Molyneux anived on the scene It was the old story of too much drink, though one of the offenders avefred that he only had two liquors since he left Bungaree. sleev ers,” suggested the watchhouse keeper, while a bystander suggested that it might be a case of the last straw, or whisky, on top of what had been imbided at “ the Forest ” Two peisons charged vvitu vagrancy were brought before the Town Court yesteiday. Joseph Talent, arrested by Constable Cregan, was discharged, as he said he was related to a “ real live dook,” and was receiving re mittances from the home country. Susan Mizer, a less fortunate individual, who has passed the allotted span of life, was next dealt with. The old woman was discovered by the police in a starving condition in a hovel in Ballarat East. When the police entered the hut buds were filing in and out through holes in the” roof, end the furniture in the place, laid a constable, would not fill a wheelbarrow. The old woman was re manded until next court day. The friends and supporters of Mr David Ham met at Skinner’s Plant road hotel last night. About 20 gentlemen were present, and Mr John Pescud was voted to the chair. All present formed themselves into a sub committee to canvass the district. present reported favorably as to their work already oirMr Ham’s behalf. “How old are you’” asked Constable Valentine of a hoary headed man who had just been brought in to the City lock up by Senior Constable Molyneux on a charge of drunkenness “Thirty five ’ was the re sponse, which induced looks of incredulity on the part of the police present. “I beg your pardon humbly,” soon corrected the offender,” I meant sixty fiv e.” A man named Thomas Hill, who had im bibed too freely and was exceedingly insult ing to a namesake, T. H Hill, came across Senior constable Molyneux y esterday after noon, and was promptly conveyed to the City look up. 'When anested he was most violent, and damaged Senior constable Moly neux’s uniform, besides narrowly missing in flicting serious injury on him Two boys named Frank Flood and Frank Anderson, w ere charged at the Tow n Court yesterday with stealing coal, the property of Messrs Huddait, Parker, and Cos , from the gears at the Ballarat East Railway Station. The accused weie proceeded against on sum mons by Constable Banett As Messrs Huddart, Parker, and Cos , did not w ish to press the charge, the lads w ere each let off with a nominal fane of Is, which was paid by the firm. John Hill, an employi at the Ballarat Woollen Mill, was pioceeded against at the Town Court yesterday by Constable Parsons, on a charge of throw mg stones at and injur ing a Chinese named Wee Lung Mr Gaunt appeared for the prosecution. Constable Parsons stated that on one day last week Hill threw a “ rock of a stone” at the Celestial, “opening a gap ’ of enormous size in his head. The evidence of Wee Lung was also of a startling character, and the bench fined the accused 10s, with £2 3s costs. Mr David Ham’s friends and supporteis held a meeting last night at Skoglund’s hotel, Little Bendigo Most of the electors on the roll were pieseot, and Mr George was voted to the chair After some remarks had been made, the meeting resolved itself into an election committee, and Mr Hocking was appointed secretary. Satisfactoiy reports were received from some who had been in ter viewing the electois It is regarded as almost a certainty that Mr Ham will poll neatly every vote in that part of the dis trict Mr David Ham will addiess the electors this evening, at 7 o’clock, in the Clyde Hall, Soldiers Hill, and at 8, in the Societies’ Hall, South street The Queensbeiry Cricket Club held a very enjoyable social in the City Fire Brigade Hall list Tuesday night, when about 40 couples w ere present The music was sup plied by Miss Kennedy (piano), Mr Young (v lohn), and Mr Gibb (piccolo), in first class style, and the dancers had an excellent time of it till about midnight, w hen the presi dent, Mr J N. Dunn, in a eulogistic speech, presented the trophies kindly given by Messrs J N Dunn, E Wightwick, M Bloustem, and one by the club, foi the best batting average, all round play, highest individual score, and best bowling aveiage for the past season to the successful winneis Messrs W G Smith, A Pinney, and A Jones the recipients, re plied thanking the donors for their handsome tiopines. An adjournment was then made to the supper room where an excellent repast was provided by Mr D M‘Kenzie Subse quently dancing was resumed and was inter spersed with songs and i ecitations by Messrs Matthews, Turnbull, Bolger and Draisey The affair was continued till an early hour when.all dispersed having thoioughly en joyed themselv es Mr C. Pinney acted as M C most efficiently. Anew w oik is being introduced into Bal larat entitled “ Thoughts on the Book of Daniel and the Rev elation ” Though treat mg on sacred subjects the w ork is in no way a dull one, but, on the other hand, it con tains matter of a highly entertaining char acter The woik is the pioduction of Prof U Smith, author of several works on Biblical subjects, and is the result of many years’ study on the subject in hand The prophecies, though counted daik and mysterious by some, and by otheis made the foundation of diverse speculations, are by this author made to form a chain of pie dieted events that make up the principal events of a great poition of the woildV his toiy. Prominent among these are the scenes of the terrible Fiench Revolution, in theyeais 1793 98 But, peibaps, the most interesting portion of the work is that de voted to the Eastern question The author speaks confidently' of the outcome of that subject, as being clearly pointed out by rlie ancient prophets Testimonials £rom eminent men giv e the book a place among the best of its kind Mr William At nold is the agent, and the puces lange from 17s to 30s, accord mg to the style and binding We learn that the book has already had a very exten siv e sale in v anous pai ts of the colony. The fortnightly meeting of the committee of the Creswick Miners’ Association was held on * Saturday night in the office, Albert street Present—Mr D Hughes, V P (in the chair) the secretary (Mr W G Spence), and Messrs M’Guinness, Varty, Hail, Fallon, Burk, Woodward, J Smith, Siuz, and Ellis Conespondence was lead from the members for Creswick, enclosing reply' fiom the Premier m leference to Minister of Mines, and stating that the communication ftom the blanch would leceive the attention of the Government Five pounds each was voted to Mrs Dvvyei and Mi S Penna from the incidental fund The secretaiy was in structed to com ey the th inks of the com mittee to Messrs Leslie and Cos foi their kindness in granting the use of then engine to take the Hon A. Deakm to Allendale, also to the Hon A Deakm A vote of thanks was also accorded Mr Cadwalladef for sending a carriage on the occasion Accounts amounting to £33 16s 4d were passed foi payment, including £2l 7s aoci dent pay. Our Bolwarra correspondent writes —“ A magisterial enquiry was held on the body of the lad Blake, w hose fate was announced in a recent issue A finding of accidental death was recoided —A very pleasant evening was spent here last Wednesday', under the aus pices of the Gospel Temperance Blue Ribbon Army The Rev W Pressly occupied the chin and delivered an excellent addiess, Mr Wooster also ably assisted m the onitonal department Readings by other ft tends and first class music by the choir helped to make the meeting thoioughly enjoyable ” At the Buugaree Police Court on Thurs day last (writes oui local col respondent) Mi Coghlau was the only justice in attendance, consequently a number of cases set down for hearing had to be postponed m the absence of a second magistrate, thus causing great inconvenience to the parties concerned The CPS had arranged foi the attendance of two justices, but at the last moment re ceived an intimation that one of them was unable to be present The list of officers over 60 years of age, who are to retire from the public set vice under the provisions of the Public Service Act (says the Age) has not been completed But all officeis still qualified to discharge their duties will be letuned, and only those who show unfitness will be asked to retire at the end of the present year The permanent heads of departments are now making out a list of officers who are to leave the service, and, when this list has been submitted by the board to the Premier and appioved of, each officer named m it will receive formal notice to terminate his connection with the service on the 31st December next It may be recollected that some of the horses shipped fiorn London for Ins Excel lency Lord Carrington, Governor of New South Wales, died en route . As animals to match could not be obtained in the colonies, an order was sent to England for others These, three in number, have been brought by the P. and O Cos s R M steamer Shan non, which arrived in Hobson’s Bay on Saturday evening All the animals are m good condition. Mr W S Gilbert states (according to the HomeJS'ews) that there is no truth in the paragraphs which have appeared about the new opera that is to replace “ The Mikado,” when it is necessary to replace it, at the Savoy. No arrangements have been made with any American authoi to write in sen tences, so that the copyright may be pro tected in the States, nor does the piece deals m any way with Egyptian or Indian affans It is an English subj'ect, date about 1810, that period hav mg been chosen, for one reason, because the*- costumes of the early y ears of tho century have never been cor rectly placed on the stage, as they will h. now. There is a strong supernatural in the piece, and the characters may heT scribed as quasi melodramatic The London correspondent of the Am writes.—“A project has been mooted hem under the auspices of Mr A Clay den ’ lecturer on New Zealand, for the establish* ment of a temperance settlement m county, on the west coast of the North Island of New Zealand It is thought th,i 35,000 acres could be secured at £1 p er acr at It is desired to send out at least 100 fa m '’ lies to inaugurate the settlement in Oetobc next A pioneer party may sail at an earlier date ” r Sir Charles Gavan Duffy’s loudlv expressed admiration for the “ great Liberal leader of the nmv erse” (w ntes the London coi respond' ent of the Argm) appears to be reciprocated by Mr Gladstone, who, when movnm the second reading of the Government of Ireland Bill, referred in terms of compliment to Sir Charles’ recent article in the Contemporary Review on “Mr Gladstone’s Irish Constitu tion,” at the same time poi itin" out time Sir Charles Duffy himself exhibited, m j, I3 own person, as vividly as anybody could, the transition from a discontented to a loyal subject The Herald learns on the best authority that there has been a rupture of the amee ment among the Associated Banks as to the rates of interest to be paid on deposits There has for some length of time been an agreement among the banks to give 5 per cent interest on deposits for 12 months One of the Associatea Banka has, however decided to give a~higher late of interest’ and in consequence of this determination" the agreement hitherto subsisting is at an end, as between the Associated Banka "ener ally. Each institution will now pv\ sud, a rate of interest as it may think proper A survey paity was recently caught in a sev ere snowstorm at Nelson, New Zealand when Mr Paske, a cadet, and Mr Hui h Thompson, chairman, died fiom exposure. Mr Smith, the district surveyoi, and four bands were rescued by a pa-ty from St James’ station. A lady living near Allendale (says the M and D Advertiser) left Ballarat for Creswick by the early train the other day and falling asleep on the way she was borne on to Tal bot She since figured in the Talbot Police Court charged with the offence ( ), and was fined £1 and the price of her ticket from Creswick Doubtless this good lady will be a wide awake traveller foi the future The man Duffield, who made himself somewhat notorious in Melbourne while claiming to be Lieutenant Duffield, of the 10th Hussars, and who was recently ac quitted at Ky neton on a charge of larceny, was sentenced to six months’ imprisonment at Elmore for the larceny of £4 from Mr Pyle He had represented himself as a tailor out of woik, and when given employment decamped with the money' The quantity of postponed business in the Insolv ency Court (says the 4ge) has amassed to such an extent, in consequence of the delay which has taken place in the appoint ment of a permanent judge, that the court list is fully engaged until the 17th July This block is causing considerable lo~s and annoyance to litigants and to the profession, and has frequently been refeued to of latcm very strong terms by the attorneys prac tising in the courts, and the judges who for the time being were presiding Several cases have been adjourned fiom week to week, whilst others have been postponed m definitely until such time as there is a pros pect of one judge hearing the case irom be ginning to end. It is surmised that the judgeship will probably be offered to Judge Molesvvorth or Judge Worthington, hut m that case the progress of causes in the County Court will be gieatly interfered with There is a general concensus of opinion that anew judge for the Insolv ency Court is a nece"itv, and that the present state ot affairs demands his immediate appointment The close of the thirtieth session of the Eight Hours Anniveisary Committee was celebrated by a banquet held in the old Trades Hall on Saturday', at which about 250 persons, including a mnnbei of members of Parliament, were present During the evening Mr R Miller, who occupied the chan, announced that a cable message had been leoeiv ed w Inch stated that orders had been given that the French flag hoi-tedm the New Hebrides should be pulled down This was the occasion for a remaikable out burst of enthusiasm, which showed how keen an mtei est the working classes oltictona have taken in this subject The whole com pany rose and sang most heartily the icfiam of “ Rule Britannia ’ Some practical and v cry mteiestmg expen ments with pigeons as war mes emrers were commenced at Dover (says the Pall Mall Budget) in connection with the taster nianceuvies, the experiments being conducted w itlun the cognisance of the Duke ot Cam bridge by Captain Allat, of the Roy al Mill tary College, Sandhurst, who has been engaged for some time pvst in training pigeons for the purpose Ihe operations at Portsmouth and Dover were ba«ed upon the “general idea ’ that invading forces have landed on our southern coi'ts On S iturday morning two pigeons were liber ated at Canterbuiy by the secretary of the Pigeon Flying Club The far-t bird reached Dover at S am, and conveyed the following mesaige to the deputy issi- tant adjutant geneial —“Jhe invaders have leached and occupied Canterbuiv in force, and taken prisoners all telegraph otneers It is believed the army intends to march on to Ly dden at once w ith main body M ill send fuither mtormation when I hive oh tuned definite particulars from spies Bird liberated at 7a m ’ The message was lor w aided to the assist vnt adjutant general befoie the force left Dovei Only in hour literanothei mesSige was received 'tiling that the invaders weie advaneing on Lvdden with a stiong force of not fewer than 7000 men, w ith eight 20 poundei gun-, md that the enemy’s ships were believed to be still at Wlntstable Bay 