CHRISTMAS, 1886. NCE more this happy season is upon O ufi, and gladness and rejoicings prevail all over the known Christian world. If our crops have been bad, and trade in a state of depression for some time past; if oar profits in business have not been all that wehad anticipated, we 6hall nevertheless with right hearty earnestness, do our best to celebrate the day on which it was announced that there should be " peace on earth and goodwill towards men." To some of us who have spent the festive season in colder dimes, and tinder different conditions, it is difficult to realize that we have actually arrived at the . 25th of December. The amusements 'with which northerners have always associated the Yule-tide are wanting; no wading knee deep in 6now, or listening "to the pleasant musical hum of the favourite "acme." No sitting -rotrnd blazing fires drinking from the wassail bowl, and relating ghost stories appropriate to the occasion till young and old feel their skina creep with that indefinable chill that iB generally produced on nervous humanity by the relation of those gruesome recitals, the wind wildly howling in stormy gusts outside, and making those within congratulate themselves on their proximity to the cheerful ingle, and breathe an involuntary prayer for those in peril on the deep. Nevertheless, albeit the very antithesis of what the sturdy Britisher has always regarded as part and parcel of Christmas, there isjeven for such a great charm in the Australian method of celebrating the occasion, and picnics in leafy vales, and under the o'ershadowing fronds of the giant fern, are a capital balance against the crisper joys of skating or tobogganing, with cold Boreas trying with might and main to take one's eyebrows off. Again our moonlight excursions are not without charms, as! weighed against the boisterous mirth of the family gatherings at home, and» journeys down the harbour, whenLuna ia at her brightest, are most delectable to those of us to whom the doht far rtienU is the chief attraction of southern life. Tes, under the "cross" we can appreciate Christmas with as much zest as our brethren at home who pay obewance to " UBSA MAJOH," and our desire that the great promise shall be abundantly fulfilled, ia not less, or our geniality the least warped, because the thermometer stands at 100* in the shade instead of 30* below zero. The conditions of life may be different, but to an Englishman, whether born in Great Britain or Greater Britain, Christmas is Christmas, and whether he will or no must feel the influence of the surrounding gladness that invariably prevails. Even SCROOGE was brought to feel the kindly glow steal over his adamantine heart, and there are not many SCROOGES or MABLETB amongst us. The of the mistletoe is as potent in rsunny land of our adoption, when applied to a receptive subject, as it is amidst " hoar frost and winter's snow," and onr power of enjoyment is none the less keen under the bine sky than it wonld 1» were the firmament end earth .alike-metallic with the icy hand of JACK Fnosr. We have in ths past year had much to make us feei <hat, for a tame at least, our prosperity was -on"its wane, and affairs political have not tended to make the outlook less cheerless. Crops have failed, and sheep and cattle, the head and front of our past fortunes, have died through want of water; bnt as if to lift us up with hope, and make us look at the coming year through roee coloured glasses, gladsome nana itave fallen all ®v*r New Sooth Wales, and apparently the cornucopia is to be «oos more emptied in ounralsb. Besides, our mirffSfanqa^JuivB aot necessarily beat all ^Wj&cnid; Ow aeason of depress*® bUrdmiUf lessons, which, in our days of wealth, we did not deem worthy of consideration. We have been taught in a school of cruel experience that Dame Nature is somewhat capricious in her bounty, and that when she gives us a good shower of rain this week, , we cannot rely upon having a similar one in the nest. Undoubtedly the paid; drought has caused the more thinking of the community to see the great need there is for making the good seasons support us in the bad. We may therefore say that in this, as in other things that appear at times unmixed evils, all is for the best Let us therefore bo filled with gladness at ithe thought that at this lime ths prospect is brighter than it has been, and that the sombre cloud is little by little presenting its silver lining, whilst the bright rainbow of promise is before us, and join in wishing one and all, A MERBY CHRISTMAS. 