Caul field Training Notes Monday. The weather this morning was beauti fully fine, but trainers not withstanding were not aver anxicus to enliven preiceedinge, and slow wo>k was ths oider cf the day. Kenneth, Beckwt b, and St fanl went steady exerctre Little John and- Jim Cain put in o ce routd ai a Et c ng pace on the con- ss proper, Silver- hoine, ecsoinpamed by Sirocco, did twice round the same track, the former finiihlrg slightly 1q front. Silveiminv however, is said to have d;>ne a vexy eatisfacbory ga-Iop on Saturday evening. Preston started off with Centos for a strong galt- p. At the half-mile, port Millsfcream joinel in, eni beat the Queeas- lander badly, and afterwards belted ee:al times round tbe track, a circumstance which should not enhance tbe prospects of if r. "ReidV' hrrse for the Caultield Cup on Satur day next. Bes Bolt and Lando slipped away fnr a merry spin, and xftsr g ing some dis tance they were joined by Amba-Sidrees, - wh> assisted the Cup horse to comp-etj a gallop which was not regarded with much favour by tbe early watchers on the course. New York v ho has imrr-.ved very much lately, was associated wi-h Bohemian in a nics striding gail->p. New York has only got a light we'ght in the Caulfieid Cup, and several gcod judges, with a re collection of the forward pC'Ston he occupied at the finish of the Sydney Gap, won by Cerise and Bice, look up n the prospects of the son « f The Drummer on Sa utday next very hopefully Do lamia had ihe tout of Umber to ia a half mi e spin, and Isabel and ftv'M got or r a siuiil?r joatn-y in good style. Grace Datlmg, who presents much the tame higbiy-trai el appea= aoce. she oil at this time last year, was txd ulged with slow work. Eliington webt with Toronto for a f st round, when the latter pulled off, and Ellington completed the fastest go of the zrornicg. Clarendon and St. Albert did nn important work Several other horees visited the tracks and - were s nt us fal exercises, but nothing else was done worthy of note. Tuesday. Visitors to CanlSeld t' is morr-ivg, expeorinv to s e fast woik, were disappointed ; fo', ewi?>g to the inclement slits of the weather, oulv slow work w -s dene. The bill was opened by Highland Coie » d Biondin. whs went once round on th< grass, but the time was not very 8-t??f xetorr. New Y«uk and Bohemian did a good g. lop on Mondty afternoon, the time being ihe fseBt recorded daring the season, but they did not pat in an appearance yesterday. New master, lor king well, we at onre round. Ben Bolt (with O'Brien up) w«s picked up by Chacketer, and the two went a mite together, theformer then drawtog away fore half a mhe ry h m-eif . hut tbe time was n >t satisfactory ; and, although he is looking wed, I afraid be lace the pace f-.-r the -Gnp. St. Albert went a good el rone valiep once round the course. Silver- mine, with Chanter for a companion, went stror g«y. and was picked up in the last five furlong? by Htrooco the pair fiui hing well. Retoit, Heal&grida;, and Gar.-arvon did a rua together, but Carnarvon's paoe was decidedly ihe b'd. L»ndo tripped over a m<le and a helf in very good time, and Utile John and Jim Cain went twine rbuod. A rumour fs about th it Little John h-s changed bands, and Is an uooretata rtder or tbe Gap Castas . Bonpie Dxrn, w arfieid, and Isabel wera -eer-t for strong work, and Kpt urean a d rils MU viutl three furlongs In very fair time. Sa-vex Co't oid long work on the tan. Grace Darliog. with Gadfly for a companion, was sent for a est nr-le, tbe three yew old appe r ng toh ve much ihe birtof i»- Clarendon and Vouuz H -ratio moved ow r a nr.Ueendahalf. -th< 1 Aver going very freeiv and fibi thing strongly Dmbrit >n, TpwoIs, Dtlamw, and Pocahontas wotKe«ion the San. Ro» Iron Hiiafmsx were rent once round, fiui? hi&g; ihe l-.st.half n tie fast. , Footman ad First Pop negotiated a mile apd the rBt oi Bepo«| string wcrHd on the tan a d rend 'back, . . : wednesday. A bsautl ul morning, but being the off day evfcry ! tMr| vii rertfloted to mtld wbrk SUtfsrmtne and Chanter cantered on the ten trtek, BohetnUc and New Vrk car, tend gently with olo'hi gop. Tbnelo and Mil gicn »a y csable work. Sas-x - o't, vnn- ligfi .liraM. Jwk, Uttle Jim C OftBfifee, Pvitw, Bhli Ujff of aisfidr, KmflhkOB, Dexter, Ma/ste-mi, and othms gentie wrk and \- . - THuhSBY. There was a I.r.e r-umW of Oufild th«s ttO ning. tted '.Jtej Ur more interline than usual. U.J« Jim Gain curm-ttccd Oi-era J »S. 3 .»nd« breaking, by doing a. J.SV/flniiiitg strong Srluitte Sdiir. Bo Bolt had the companiooriiip cf '-huckster ft>r tne first naif mile of « Warfieid joiiitd In, end finished to tednt " horse, the distance being got . ow in tote |4-re ISJOS'SJ Gun on atarday he mu-t, indeed bediffi-Ult to-oeav "Z-nc, looking remarkri) y well, ua u-.p fbis horse has dooa » Hon before arriving here, and the Bdeut of his suoces". Oi-rendon, associated Wire young Horatio, did onoe ioand, Ycu floiEbiog In front. Crtnra Brand no afastionnrf, and Newmaster and Littie Jim performtti a Wr DOlle the f- rrner not fir.ishing bridianHy. aitooogb in front. Epicurean and Mia M!» did u» fal epfxrta Ormolus fieurieiie, Walter. Victor, Sussex oolt Jack, and King of the West.'n neck ®« etters,y< jre gtv» n lor g etrong work on tbe tan. Killngson »a Torrocto put In faet work. et. A'-bert travelled «t a good u.efid pace over a mile Bohemian wra sent twine gonad the ten. New York not putting ia en appearance, somethlrg having gone wrong with him. Csrotval aud Nectarine galloped a f5t ha'f-Uiile. Mustang was rent a satisfactory three quartern of a md. Grace Darling, after pittering round, wm j vne<i by Millstream, ard the pair did a rattling good gal 'op, both fliiiaWnp welL Goodwood Baveiock, aud Moon light went sound work on tbe Ian j the latter looking \- well, and should take some beating-tn the steeple chase to morrow; Cadl&nifaod; Berkley did five furlongs tr. fast time The Ghost and vaofiy flipped over rix far longs very fast, the latter not being in it the lari furlong. Cricket and Patience did useful work, as did H t Iron and Empress who sefemft to be improving fast Cestus and Isabel strode along on the tsn. Pocahontas and Umberto worked twice round -n tan. Mr Connelly string doihsr urefnl work. After breakfast, Mr Darlea rent ' Dayeat. Csmerine, Meerschaum, and Dexter slow and half pare work. Boreas and Hannibal went twice round the tin. finishlrg the last taa'f-mlle fast, the old horse seeming to have lost his pace. Kohai, who htf join-d Neil Campbell'- string, in company with Agnes, did ticw wo k. Msrmion worked on tbe tan, where CMcago also exercised, the mo ring's proceedings clo3i' g with a half-mile flutter between Glentwortb and Lady Lorell, the former finis hing in front. 