WINSTOWE. BY MRS. LEITH-ADAM3. CHAPTER XXXI. IN A FOG ! The whole city of London lay smothered beneath a pall of fog. Not a fog that seemed to be any relation {at all, however distant, to a country mist, that is white and fair, and melts at last into ;entle dew; but a fog that looked red in the [istance and yellow close to you—a fog that got into your eyes, and up your nose, and down your throat, and that held aU the heavy, grimy smoke in its dank embrace, and would not let it go. Men and horses moving about in the streets acquired a ghostly indecision of outline, and loomed Bhapeless masses through the darkness. Gas-lights flaring here and there only : seemed to make the fog look more dense outside their own radius, and everything aud verybody was stickily damp to the touch, .nd smuttily and unpleasantly adhesive. Over the heart of the city the fog was tensest, and all business was being conducted by gaslight; the Temple fonatain could not sparkle one bit,-no matter what exertions it might make, and the peacocks in the oasis near St. Botolph's were under a tot.il eclipse, and lost heart to such an extent that they could not even pluck up courage to preen their draggled feathers, but jnst wandered about disconsolate. The ducks, however, managed to keep up their spirits by perpetually standing on their heads in the pond, and derisively presenting the tips of their tails to the fog. The weather affected [people's brains and tempers as well as their throats, and Septimus Twigg did that morning so rate and abuse the unhappy Masher that she shed copious tears, and, in so doing, smeared her countenance with such a mixture of fog and smuts that her best friends would hardly have known her. "I nisli I vos with Dinah, I do: I do!" rung out the cheery voice of Beams from the inn.ott recesses of the fog; and shortly afterward the damp and shining countenance of that ornament to society rose like a sun upon the gloom of Mrs. Masher's night. " Don't I just vish I vos with Dinah, or with any other respectable young 'ooman as lived in a decent climate, that's all! Why, 'ere's a day to give a chap the liver kimplaint for the rest of his nat'ral life! What, you're down on yer luck, are yer, Mrs. Masher ?" went on Beams, setting his eyes akimbo, and screwing up one side of his face sympathetically. "'As the fog got into yerwitals? or 'ave yer found as some evil-minded bloke's bin stealin' of a hod coin or two out of that there old storkin' as 'angs in yer cbim" " Hould yer noise !" cried Mrs. Masher, giving her face a last wipe with her apron, and thereby designing a long, black smear rigbt across the bridge of her nose ; " I'm in no humour for any of your imperence, my young sriunkie. It's enough to have to put up with'Twigg, let alone a fog as you might cut with a knife and fry in rashers." " O—h!'' replied Beams, with a prolonged and irritating whistle, " Twigg 'as bin misbebavin' of 'isself. 'as tie? I wouldn't stand it, not if 1 was you. Why don't yer try to better yerself ? I'm going to better myself, I am; for my master he's givin' up business, sold the connection and fixtures, including'is wig and gown, to some other cove, I reckon, and I ain't going to stay with that other cove. I'm going into the civil service." Hear't 'im!" cried Mrs. Masher, greatly aggravated, "talking as if he was a born gentleman!" " Wait till yer see !" continued Beams. " I've got my name put down for the shoeblack brigade; if yer keeps a civil tongue in yer 'ed, and gets plenty of custom—that's what I call civil service, that is; and shan't 1 look a cure in the uniform, neither ! Why, yer eyes 'nil be dazzled when yer pass me in tbe street those days !" "And so yer masters goin' to give up business?" said Masher. "Well, I never! and, as I hear, he's turned out to be a lord ! Bless us all! and whatever's going to become of Mr. Dutton ?" " He's coin" clerk to Mr. Pettingroo—'im as looks as if his 'air was a flying orf his 'ed, and 'as to sleep in his wig." "Sleep in his wig! Lor, Mr. Beams—" began Masher; but what other dark secrets of Mr. Pettigrew's life might have been divulged by that worthy will never be known, for Mr. Dutton's voice, calling peremptorily for the boy's appeaiance, obliged Beams to plunge into a fogbath which, under happier atmospheric conditions, represented Figtreecourt. Here he only just saved himself from run- ning foul ol what looked like a tall white ghost, but was only his master in a light mackintosh. How strange it was to William Mallinger to be once more in the old City home! Ardreggan—the breezy hills, the strange, eventful weeks spent on the other side of the Tweed —might have been a dream, for any reality tbey cow possessed for him. Even when Mr. Boultbee plunged out of his chamber like a spider darting out of his web, and wrung his hand till the wrist ached, hailing questions upon him in a perfect shower, even then he felt as if he were only William Snow, coming back to the toil of work and to long hours in the familiar room where Lilian's water-colour sketch hung over the deBk between the windows, and as if Boultbee were an amiable lunatic suffering from harmless but unfounded delusions. " Any letters to-day ?" said William, as he reached the room where Jim's thoughtful care had made all things as comfortable as possible. YeB, there were three or four: a pompouslooking missive from Sir George, and kindly words of congratulation and sympathy from various friends, but no thin, foreign envelope no answer to that letter sent to Naples Maples Ic long ago—no word, no news of Guy Tremlett. 1 Boultbee, with affectionate cordiality, had companied William upstairs, andsat by garrulously rambling on about "Mrs. B." and the " small fry," as he styled the olive branches, while his hearer luncned. Hitherto the worthy man had simmered through life in a state of comfortable mediocrity—a man much respected by his friends, but cot distinguished in any way from the common herd, or likely to be; hence it may well be supposed he revelled in the reflected importance now cast upon him. by the fact of the hero of the " Plaietow romance" having been once his pux)il, It was delightful to Mr. Boultbee to say to astonished and intebad lJeen " reallyT you know, a tame cat at our house—came and wet a? fee liked, mv dear sir—always a knife and fork ready, ana all tbat sort of thine." To say this gave Frederick Boultbee, of Figtree Court, intense satisfaction, and to sit by and hear him say it delighted the soul of his spouse. Under these circumstanses he was now determined to make the most of his interview with William, and return to the bosom of his family laden with exquisitely interesting particulars of the changes that had overturned tbe even tenor of his old pupil's life. And aU the time William's mind was dwelling on Ihe memory of riDpling nutbrown hair on which the firelight glinted, the memory of a downcast face, and two white hands clasping each other close. All the time the accents of a soft low voice lingered on his ear—a voice that said how hard it was to bear this " waiting!" He had hoped all through his long cold railway journey south tbat a letter from Guy might be waiting him in town, and that the evening rost might carry a few cheery lines to Winstowe—good news of the "absent unforgotten' —news that would break the chain of suspense 1 now holding Lilian's heart in '' durance vile"—news, perhaps, of her lover's swift return. "I must run across to Pelham Pettigrew's now," said William, rising from his repast, and devoutly wishing Boultbee would leave him in peace to have a few words with Jim. But he reckoned without his host, or rather, without his visitor. (To le continued.) GLESELG LITERARY SOCIETY.—The opening meeting of the session of the Glenelg LiterarySociety will take place this evening. 