The Land Act and the West.—The Other Side. SIR, —Your correspondent, "A Working Man," whose letter appears in your issue of 24th instant, judging by his remarkable success as a "horny-handed son of toil," which is to the tune of £3000 or £4000, must be a man of some ability in his own particular line. If he would explain what line that is he would confer • benefit upon his co-workers, who perchance could go and do likewise. At all events, a man who can legitimately rake together to fair a competence by labour should be entitled to some attention; but doubt arise* m to whether it is not more the result of others' labour than his own, perchance amassed by working on their weaknesses. The tone in which he writes stamps him as a squatter's man—pure merino—and the views he advocates •re inimical to the interests of the class he professes to adorn, for closer settlement appears to be his bite noir. He commences by stating the term " the rich pasture lands of the West" to be a Queen-street definition. There is no doubt their fame has suffered by the late drought, but meteorological history teaches us to expect a three years' reign of big droughts at regular periods of eighteen or nine* teen years apart. The Mitchell district is but ft spot on the areaof the continent "cruelled" by it, and has not suffered in any greater degree than the bulk. Thetermisimphcitly truthful. Where else is the natural pasture so luxuriant and healthful that stock eat it with aridity in the shape of hay, yielding two or three harvests ft year* at the rate of naif to over ft ton per acre at each cutting. The Chinamen gardeners grow any vegetables they like, and several fruits; there are two patches of oats growing, one patch of oats and maize, and on* patch of lucerne, which was sowed two yean ago, and has yielded five cuttings in the last seven months, and now almost ready to cat •gain. Your correspondent is another example of those one-idea men who accept the Land Act as ample came for the existing depression. New South Wales has also a new Land Act, and ft very aggravating one, and is suffering in an equal manner from depression, but the corn stalks are more sensible than to raise so thin • ghost. South Australia is sflffcring from greater depression than we are, but, strange to say, they have consummated it without any new Land Act; this anomalous position on the part of Queensland is explained as follows:—The squatters are nearly suffocated with mortgages, the grand seasons ahead of us and rising markets will induce mortgagees to foreclose, their tenacious claws are already tightening, ft number of the squatters are desperate, they must raise a fictitious value for their properties) or risk ejection; they presented their object at Thargomindah in the shape of thirty years' leases at fixed rentals, which would raise their leases to a high premium in a short time ; they havegreat power now, forour prosperity depends essentially on grazing, and they are as yet the only graziers. The ordinary business people prefer the bird in the hand to the bird in the bush, so the squatters move the storekeepers, commission agents, publicans, Ac, who convene a meeting and invite the horny-handed to look on. The people who are worked up for the occasion go, others go without other interest than to pass the time, and those who do not agree with the movement stay away : ergo, the cut and dried resolutions are carried unanimously or thereabouts. The simple fact that none of the petition forms hung up in Bbickall hotels have a single signature attached will speak for itueif. Now for the reason that the depression was more apparent in the West than along the seaboard. A few years ago. after grand seasons had mado the district famous, a speculative mania arose for properties in it which reached to gambling rates ; heavy stocking was necessary to pay the interest and make a profit. This demanded a heavy outlay in enormous improvements, vhich created an unprecedented influx of labour ; then comes the drought and fall in wool, speedy cessation of improvements, and labour still flowing in. When tho men thought of leaving there was depression everywhere else. Cut botio / They stopped, and increased tho burden of the West. When sinking under gambling prices, drought, the fall of wool, and mortgaged almost to the last pound, they raise the cry of " Thn Land Act has under* mined our security." Tho rents are greater than the value of the land ; five years' appraise* ment amounts to a five years' lease; a Govern ment can swrep us away with unlimited in* crease to rent, &c;, ad nauseam." There is no doubt the resumptions shook the faith of capital till the Act was understood, but capital n<r.v ackncwlrdgrs the security is better than bvft>re. The rent is a nure cipl.cr—'tis tbo in t rent that kills. Government ar.d rent are distinct. The Land Board is constitutionally ir.dcpendetit of any Govcrnm« nt, and any per son whoso rent is unreasonably raised can ob tain redi^xa by appealing t-» vie Supreme Court. Whcro, then, are the " impossible terms" of" A Workftg Man ?" As usual with the individuals of the genus who "claim to be an intelligent and reasoning human being, though only a working man," ho scoff-i at the intelligeuee of other*. If he irunginr-s tho Msitrano that he would n<>t take the b<nt 20,000 acre patch in the Mitchell will deter othors from doing so, ho is much mistaken. To witness, the first 20,000-acro selector in tho colony and district in a lato manager of Bur caldine station, und the other lt«nds selected. have been nocured by raon as careful of their capital, as clear in judgment, and as well qualified to judge, whoso knowledgo of tto colony is more extensive, and who havo sern the country und^r as unfavourable circira st&nces; as "A Working Man." Hid bnua fides appear very dubious, and, if in earnest, he must have become fossilised during his twenty-two years' residence in the Never-Never. It seems almost im possible to believe an "intelligent being" could live so long in the country with out discovering the insurance against drought afforded by Nature to small grazier*. Only the malcontent squatters are referred to above, for there aro, of course, plenty of good men who can stand tho squeezing without ego'isna. I also enjoin "his fellow- workmen" —in scribbling: or in labour?—to think seriously over these matters, though the colony en masse will decido them ; and to rernembor also that the Mitchell district will never ag-iin bo the Never- Never; that Hquatterdom will never more bo the sole power out West, and that out West is getting outer and outer evrry year. —I am, sir, 4c, One Who Has Selected. Blackall, 30th July. N.B.—There is no denying that squatters have suffered severe reverses from natural causes, and are entitled to consideration for opening up the country; auy concessions such as limitation of rent, seven and ahalf years' appraisements, or postponement of incroascd payment of rent for twelve months at deben ture interest, which would better their position without detriment to tho community, would be but a generous acknowledgment of their value as colonists; but in justice, the former should then apply to grazing farms also. 