'?-;.- ECHOES OP MELBOURNE . ' ; : [By The Ghost.] ''? ?.'?'' ?' .'Cnce again is Victoria in the throesof ai ;general.election. Fortunately there are no; ' burning' . questions at present setting i politicians by the ears; and. most of the j electoral. contests hinge on purely personal! Joonaide'rations; : Mr. Gillies- has', issued-his .political manifesto; but like the crater of 'Vesuvius)1 when looked into by Lord Dim-' dreary, 'there's nothing in it.'- It is of the COlOunoss auu uuiiueBuiipo tiuu, luueuueu ?to offend no section of the, community, typical '.of . the faineant ? gentleman from -.whose brain it emanated, and, designed ?with a view of pleasing everyone, abso lutely pleases nobody. Of course, in com ,'iuioh with all documents of its class, the 'pronunciamento of the new Premier deals .largely in promisPS. If only one- half of -the benefits' the member for Rodney pledges himself to shower upon the com munity are ever conferred upon Victoria, -the colony will not only become 'a paradise for the working man,' but a garden of Eden for the farmer, a ' Torn Tiddler's ground for the miner, a ! land \ where the protectionist may revel '?:. in .prohibitive duties, and a country : where the freetrader may enjoy full scope o for: his aspirations. Water is, however; '-' the medium through which the new bead of the Government ? desires to Teach ' the 'great heart of the people.' Irrigation is ^evidently the trump card of the Ministry, riand '.', in .the' address of the Premier, is ^m??,. water, ,water everywhere.' Perhaps it is : the. prevalence throughout, the speeches of o-the ' undiluted' element that has' caused ;) them to fall as flatly as. theyhave done ; ??'for'excepting on the parched and arid ?'''plains of the north- western : areas- the; ? '?'question of water, important as. it'un- doubtedly is/is not of a kiad.' to provoke a large a'nibuh't-bflen.thusiasm.'iLAsA'riile the fre.e and independent elector does not dis play rany violent feeling under the stimulus bf'thd beverage known to medical students' as aqua ptmtpagfents. ?: ?' ?-- ?? n. .1 i 'Were proof required of the absolute necessity for tho existence of the newly formed Decentralisation League, aperusal of tho report of a meeting of Melbourne merchants held on Wednesday at the Exchange would amply justify its raison d'etre. Evidently looking upon themselves as ' the colony of Victoria;' this; select assemblage of fussy busybodies proceeded to pass a string of resolutions expressing confidence in tho Gillies-cum-Deakin Administration, and affirming ' that it is desirable the principle of coalition should be maintained and that the electors of the colony be recommended to support those candidates who give the present Ministry their support/' and not content with this dictation to the electors they further resolved that a' section of the nobodies and busybodies present' should1 act as. a court of reference to'deterinine any matters of difference that maybe referred to them by the constituencies : or the candidates.'' How truly noble and patriotic is this deaire to meddle in matters tnat do n^t directly concern ' them1 'by the 'little i knot of merchants and ? traders of the Melbourne Exchange. : Since the time of the histori cal-trinity known as 'tha three' tailors. of Tooley-street,' who took upon themselves the duty ' of issuing the famed manifesto commencing 'We, the British nation,' no such act' of barefaced impudence' has taken place in any English-speaking com munity.' ??' ; ??'?? -: ': 'i ?- -: ? i : ? ? -.!?? '.' Every! hour, as the ? 5th: of: March, the day fixed for the general election; ap proaches, makes it i clearer ; thatithe lifeiof the new Ministry' will not be an ' unmixed round of' beer and skittles.' Despite .the^ ' influential' meeting at the Melbourne* Exchange, candidate after ;. candidate is declaring against the . continuance 'of a coalition Government, and such aspirants' for political fame as avow, themselves 'in favour of the Gillies- Deakin '^combination troupe' only do so in a very half-hearted fashion. All they will' pledge! themselves to do is to ' support the Government', so long as it brings in measures calculated to benefit the colony.' - With Bucti promises, leaving as they do such a wide loophole of escape for those who litter them', there can be little doubt that as soon as ? Parliament meets the Government will be confronted with a large Opposition.. Periods varying from one to six months are assigned as a limit to the Ministerial existence, and then there ?will be a-v return' : to 'straight' party Government. However,! as our Gaelic friends pay, qui viora verra. Opinions,1 of course, differ in respect to the personal merits' of the individual- members of the new- Ministerial' team; but there ap pears to be a pretty general agreement as to their position as a Government, and that is that it is one of the weakest ever formed in; the' colony, and that: from its birth it contains the elements which will lead to itsspeedy disruption. Looking at the' men Messrs. Gillies and Deakiri have brought together, it must be evident that the only cementing link that binds them together is lovo of office. Not, indeed, that it is composed— as were some former. Ad ministrations— of the ' needy, seedy; -, and greedy,' that the popular will,; 'during periods of political excitement^ had pitch forked into the Assembly.- -' But until the ; wolf lies down with thelaihb/ |and oil and j vinegar blend sinoothly 'together, ' the i ultra-Conservative1 and the ultriEadical i will not comfortably meet atthe'Exe'cutive Council table. For even-; Victorian politi cians, vrhose , normal r state ' ;is /one of ardent '' panting' -a!fter: ' 'pffice'/' ;fe'el there is a limit :: 'beyond'' which concession' degenerates into ' weak ness, and'forbearance becomes closely-akin to cowardice. On.the extent5 tOwhichfthis sentiment , pervades the ' new J Coalition Government 'depends the 'existence of the I .Admiriistration) more perhaps than b'n'th'e- ;desire , of : .'the '? Opposition ? to ? ; supplant j them. ?''?'; V' :' '?, 1',;';'' J:l ''?]'?-?'?'? '?'-''\ '-'[\ ;' The- threatened; strike 'of the -'bakers of ] 'Melbourne' bias been' averted, and 'our' daily I ?bread'wiir'continueto '.be served' tbfusiasj heretpforej the 'masters ! having generally j acceded to the demands of their employes. : IWhere this has nOtbeen the1 case theimeni 'have been ,' called ' out,' and during - the! ,time they are out of employ1 will/ by ' a: recent resolution of the .Operative 'Bakers'; Society, receive full wages. ? This1 is 'a/ new; 'phas'e in the history Of .'strikes,' I arid' will doubtless be hailed with acclamatiOnj bv ' strikers' : the world over. To! doi nothing, arid receive good pay for doing it,| would almost betoken that the Victorian: baker had at all events one fdbtl in ''th'e; Paradise Mr. Berry, in his p'r'e- Agent-; General days was wont so often' to promise^ his deluded hearers. ' '? ?'?''.' ' I And apropos of bakers and bread, it may be mentioned that the gentlemen inseclu sion at Pentridge, isolated from the society! of their countrymen for their country's good, have of late grown fastidious, and were a day or two ago in such a mutinous state as to necessitate a double guard and great watchfulness on the part -of the warders to prevent a serious outbreak. A1 timely display of firmness by the authorities luckily averted what might have eventuated in a sorious disturbance. It is a somewhat fortunate thing for the colony ' that prisoners are not ? privileged^ during their compulsory retirement from the world, to exercise their political rights. Were they enabled to vote, candidates would assuredly . be found who would promise them everything they wanted, and replace the dark-coloured bread of which they complain by the lightest and whitest 6f; French, rolls. .The new Minister of ?Education should' liiok to'.it. . He' has already constituted himself ' th'e -special Providence ; of,', the .warden: By '.a'' little exercise' of the honourable -gentleman's elasticity , - of ;- i conscience,. ? the I!,- matter might surely -be managed. Professor Pear-' son, should atdncesee toit.;' '?'?''?'??' !??'?-?-? ?? : We 'are ' /'now^' reaping ' ', the. ' 'first fruits; 'of ' 'the 'want ' '' of unanimity of' the ,' colonies in,!, the uiatter,11 |of federation. Liord Granyille'is availing him self, of. the opportunity i afforded, him by tho attitude of : New,, South Wales,1- in standing out of the Australasian Union,- to' palter with the question of the1 annexation of the New Hebrides by France:' That the noble Lord 'is bfirit on playing the ' same silly game as his predecessor in the former Gladstone Ministry must bepatent to even the most casual observer. .; Were he riot simply ' humbugging ' Australasia, why should he delay communicating with Franco, and postpone action until -the Agents-G'neral had communicated with; their respective Governments ? Assuredly the time baseline for the colonies to'speak out,:and unless they do so in, unmistakable, terms, there is every chance of bur witriess ing a repetition of , the cowardly and dis graceful bungle which lost New Guinea;to tho Briti8hEmpire. , -i *?. -. :: The announcement that the new Ministry do not propose submitting the Tasmahian reciprocity treaty ,: to ' Parliament, which Mr. Gillies' has made in his almost ineari ing'less manifesto, is one calciilate'd to: cause disappointment and regret.' It shoirs how anxious the Government is to avoid diviner offanno. n,r\t\ Vinw. nnwillincr f;h»-v n.rt\ - to risk their political existenco npon any definite policy. It also serves to demon strate ' !tnat.in!tho ; mouths ; of ' the' second Coalitipri 'Gbverninqnt federatipri is W mere parrot, cry,' ? uttered without' intent ' or a! desire to see ' the iinionof' the 'Australian colonies,;, brought;; about.',.' To, talk '-'jot. federation while a ipolicy of ;, isolatiojaXis studiously, carried out .is sheer, :nbnsense., WKere 'rampant* protectionists: ofu-the Graham 'Berry1 type; did';'not hesitate- to rush|in}the smaller' fry of ,tKe ,Deakihs)' Dowsj,1. Jamesi [and |Nimmos 'might '.as-.' 8liredly, , be . led Vjtb .'tread'.' 'Jnl this instance Mr/ Gillies :mayj..p'e'r£apsjdiBbpyer/tha't'l^is' laissez-faire' attitude is riot in unison -vith the wishes of the colony. The, [Sooner- he is forced to make this discovery the better. March 1. 