-MIe t7:;. YEIfRTZ A15T=fTVIL SWeslesyan Chuich oin unhd, evening last \Mrs.-.Bayertz commenced the first'of(aisdries'of evangelisfie services in ,Colte. Thio bilding was packedto itduth?st capacity, the place .eing nearly filled about half an hour before the service began, so that the crowds that flopked ;in afterwards could. hardly find standing room. The evangelist based her rem uarks upon -the nearness dofChihist's secohd coming, and the necessity there was of-being prepared for that event. She said she was pursuaded that the comingg of Christ iuts near, a?id .she-.wished -to- impress that fact upon Christians as well as unbelievers, and she hoped and prayed that the address she was going to give to the people of Colac would beia messag' from God to many. As in the 'diys of Noah there oul be umld beno warning given when Christ should come, and it was getting to be the general opinion that we were on tho Satarday ni"ht of His coining. She was much struck with a rimark she hid:iaehrld lMr. d.neller niake inl one of his addresses, though it "as a truth she had been preaching for the last twelve or fifteen years. Mr; Mueller had said that '" if you are- no aved before Christ came, yorewould" not'lie able to go to a slhop and'bhiy a loaf unless ,you had the mark.'of- the beast on you ;"I .meaning that "only the saved ones will be. raised when Chrtist came. There?,was ain aflinity or attractive power between tholse who.were saved and Christ, which she ills?i-' taated by the 'well-knowen story' bof Ttie needle:and the 'mignet. Spieaking of thec d-ifference existing between Christiaps: and mere:professors'of religion she alluded to the parable of the ten ,irgins, and its hear- ing upon tho work ..and office, of the H.oly; Ghost. Wihenever the term "oil" .was; uised it:was as air emblem of the Holy Gliost, 'l*ieh' ics"not lin influence? i 'uta person. .Ven she.ha:s hpre twelve months ago, any had professed to ,be saved,. but throgh. not ihaving'the'power of-the Spirwiithiliin themi to energise their whole life and beiin", the had now to cry "mylamp is,8 gosin ot." Someo peoplelwanted to be Chiistiane, but they_ di not wa'nt Christ. ilShepiies those' who ':y they ' can diIo aitdout. Christ. God wweiito'ithjiii to liesided? , nnd that is 'whyhe'had-sent-her:to Colae aainm- `andl h" dn t heyt ai~l",' slqgt p peoqple to meet her in heaven:.,,After describl.g ?the; dreadful judgments that were coming upon parents for allowiing their children to live befor' thd'~ . .i'tly - jt-hy1a-n' soulst. and, tihieijzoreincesf :maine,"up 'their -'uiiiids before it wasr,6oo liate the went on to explain whait'csitititid the re.uadiness to iecoiv the Vride.,room. It, y.a tol beli4ve5 in Him and receive Him into their'tear?ftbj give uip- what as'sinfnul and .to live the1 tlrthetfusedth dor Vild b' h 4ntheir, faces. Mien meni.hi tak ifbig about there; 'einig no' he ienhmnd "b" lhell,"ann?l~-ouldi piit tkBible bp iiiith if'th'ey nild, but the time was coming , n they wouifd: cry out for the door to be dph~lh, ,btt'f heed would then be takei'i f'?fhei cries,' and an eternity of, wo, md separation for ever from Chirst?;voua be' their portion. There wasnotliin so hard to meet as out raedl1ove, aeand God loved them, as her presence there that night showed, and lee that"tliey sligil' et6ts i'owhfiin; and to get the pods obf th;Goddh'eidenltheir side,1 relying on the finished work of Christ. Looking' baskga,on'.her..manner: of life oft seyenteen ypa rs. agotgBhip .wsg .struelk.ith the difference thrgetw,n? i between the past¶ an h , e tr e, Th3 n he was metely living for the pleasures of the worl-ii witlh inioitiward`pirofessiiifi if ijblitiB't, neUb r whole:life'i??aua olYifdiifin't u'ffhil of joy, that·shie couldahardlyibdir thier- ipftire of it, and shle:wishtdlto(move'th; em to come, and seek Christ ?esshee;ldid.. .,iToo many,.eof ,the ske belicyed thatLtheyJiad,cqmjjeo ai point in their lives'hwhlen it:,wasrnow:or 'nevoe witih thnem, auil'slle "h'oed'they would not ib o assy from' tin' 'm "" a'"d'tiloeo' the earliest opport eiaty of effLSeing any good' impressions'tb4eeth b?- hve 'eesn medle.u"n - "r" :tint Last .cvening i .,tr" Bayer7? ag ain ad dressed a. crowded-ndience,.and succeeded, hlearprs.,..T'leso,-:sC?icess,wilLbecontintued to-night, and oh,' Thirsday and Fridayi lhightiesb-esefi pm"apnm ajftii re sb s lqn{{' cach oevening iu T mnprroyioiafternoon ati 3 q'oelokje holiness meeotiinecyih bhsjglfl. 