ROCKHAMPTON. THURSDAY, DECEMBER 30, 1888. IMPERIAL FEDERATION. TIIEIÍE can be HO doubt about the tide of public sentiment, among colonial statesmen, flowing steadily towards that closer union, on an established basis, be- tween the colonies and the mother country, which has been described as Federation. Among the most recent evidences of this is the speech made by Sir Graham Berry, at the Royal Colonial Institute, in London, on No- vember 9. He spoke out, plainly and pointedly, before a large gathering of statesmen, and his remarks were re- ceived with an amount of approbation, which showed they were a fair expres- sion of colonial sentiment. One good effect of the discussion of the subject of Imperial Federation is that it is bring- ing more clearly and distinctly before the people of the British Empire the purposes that are to be aimed at, and the good that is to bc accomplished by Federation. Sir Graham Berry says : "The most practical and important question of the day was how to increase the coherence of all parts of the scattered Empire, and to discover a policy which would bind them together indis- ¡ solubly. The practical solution of this .great problem would continue to exer- cise men's minds." Then, at another j part of his address, he went on to say : -" Het did not suppose that any oom- : potent authority in England imagined for one moment that a federation would be acceptable to the colonies, which hampered in any way their present un- j limited exercise of self-government. But supposing the federation to be ' limited to certain matters of Imperial concern, and that they must have a colonial, as well as an Imperial interest, then the first question which arose was that of naval and military defence." There can be no doubt this is a subject of primary interest to the people of these colonies. Some little action has been taken by our older colonies to de- fend themselves, and Sir Graham Berry | claims for Victoria that she has made the defences of Melbourne complete. 1 From their own resources of wealth and men, we have no doubt the colonies would be able to defend themselves in case of attack, and their means of doing so will ever be on the in- crease; but in the event of a great European war, and a conflict in which the resources of the British Empire should be taxed to the utter- most, demands on the colonies might be made, the justice of which we could not recognise. As Sir Graham Berry remarked, Australians fail to see the importance of points of Imperial policy in connection with the boundaries of Greece, the Russian aggression in Bul- garia, &c.; On the occasion of the Soudan war, the proposal to send an Australian contingent to fight beside British, troops, aroused a spirit of patriotism, that tended to make the ex- pedition successful. But that was an experiment, and the lessons of it, let us hope, will not be lost sight of. At the outset, it will be remembered, there was a good deal, of ridioule cast upon the whole affair, and it has formed the sub- ject of many jokes since. Once în a while Colonists may offer their services in a military capacity, and for political or strategical reasons they may be ac- cepted ; but it is quite evident that such an informal system of proffering and ac oeptingaid cannot be allowed to exist. In fact, the safety of the Empire and the Colonies demands it should not be relied upon. It is not one that could be de- pended upon in a great crisis. The Colonial Government might not think the occasion one upon which they should be oalled upon to lend assistance. ID the event of any differences of opinion they might withhold the supplies for troops, and decline to let them leave the Colony, on the ground that they were needed for defensive purposes. Then, on the other hand, the intervention ot the Imperial authorities might be re questedin vain, asithasbeenin connection with the French occupation of the New Hebrides. On this last occasion nothing has been done, and the dilatory, trifling policy of the Imperial Government has given considerable offence in the Colo- nies. The Australian Colonies, Sir Graham Berry said, had "two clangers ever present to their minds; one the possibility of attack from a Power with which England might at some time be at war, and the other arising from the occu- pation of neighbouring islands, which might in the future be constituted a warlike menace, and which, in the present, through convictism, jeopardised social interests." To both these dangers we have recently been exposed, and from both the Imperial Government have failed to protect us. We have not the least guarantee, moreover, that we shall be defended from them in future, unless, on this question of de- fence, some sound understanding be reached between the Imperial and Colonial authorities. Of course, there are many who point to the action of the States of America in their inter- necine contest, and affirm, that should a great necessity arise, the British Em- pire will emulate them in developing resources, and bringing crowds of trained soldiers into the field. But those who are of this way of thinking should remember that, though great, the resources of the British Empire are widely scattered. On this account they cannot be so readily taken advantage of as those of America. Men, for instance, could not be formed into regt mente, drilled, taught the art of war, and mobilised so quickly as they could ia America, or in any country in Europe. The strength of Germany, France, Austria, and Russia lies in the compactness of their resources and forces in the event of war. Unless the defences of the British Empire are placed on a satisfactory footing, the position of the Colonies with respect to the mother-country will constitute its weakness. It is quite apparent that it will be to the advantage of the Empire that the defence of it should not be left entirely to the direction of authorities in Downing Street. With existing ar- rangements the Colonies will be no longer satisfied. They are not averse to place their means and men at the com- mand of the British Government, but they will only do so under proper con- ditions. If the Colonies are to take part, not only in their own defence, but in that of the whole Empire, our representatives claim - and it appears to us rightly claim-that before Britain goes to war they should be consulted. When that is done, then the first step will have been taken towards federation. Colonial federation, Sir Graham Berry says, will lead to Imperial federation, but the aspect of affairs in Europe at present, warrants the surmise that the latter may be forced upon public attention sooner than has been expected. From our European telegrams it would seem that a great war is imminent, though what it is to be about, and the immediate cause of it does not come out very clearly. Should hostilities actually commence, and should Britain be in- volved, the Conference to be held in London in April will be, to all intents and purposes, an Imperial and Federal Council. Federation may be nearer than wc anticipate, but it cannot come too soon. A KEUIOCS libel difficulty, in which the Otaijo (N.Z.) Daily Times is now involved «hows ia a striking manner what may happen to a journalist in these colonies, and unless the jury appointed to try the case manifest moro intelligence than generally falls to the lot of their class, one more editor may soon jojo tho noble army of Australian martyrs. A good many years ago it occurred to a man of commanding intellect, with a wooden leg, that it would be well to turn the little town of Oamaru into a seaport. It was situated on the sea, which was a step in the right direc- tion ; that is to say, it was planted on an open beach, without a single speck of land nearer than Peru to break the full force of the rollers that swept up on the shore ; and to the unproplietic eye it appeared to have been designed hy nature for a one-horse desert of glaring white stone and sand. Ordinary people who lacked the genius of the man with the wooden leg, regarded the attempt to build a wall in front of Oamaru, and thereby tura it into a port, as a brilliant' inspiration ; but at the same time they thought thc originator of the idea might as reasonably have undertaken to build a wall in front of a horse, in the hope of transposing it into a dog. But the Iwork went on gaily, nevertheless, A Harbour Board was formed ; money was borrowed freely ; and an indi- vidual, who was reputed to possess unfathom- able knowledge, was hired to superintend the undertaking. But there was a shaky leak about the imposing structure even at its best, and when the Bea roBe before a south-east gale, this solitary asBet of the Oamaru Harbour Board would groan and quiver in a terribly ominous way. People who were not tired of life would keep away from it at these times ; and not even a stray pig cared to hang out in the breakwater in rough weather. Then the Otago Daily Times, with its accustomed frankness, asked what the wretched, totter- ing, foredoomed streak of wreckage was meant for, anyhow. It pointed out that the thirsty, jagged aspect of this mortgaged lumber heap would make it totally unsuitable aa a home for consumptives, and that if it were simply meant as a place where ships might bump with a view to starting their passengers for the heavenly shore, it was quite unnecessary, as a far-seeing Providence had already studded the coast with angles and knobs which fully answered the purpose. Also, the writer wanted to know, if men would insist in build- ing a breakwater in a place where a gaol was so much more urgently required ; why the work was entrusted to a dade who had to put on his pants with a Bhoe-horn ; and he concluded by hinting that he would regard it as safer to spend a holiday sitting on a rattlesnake than on the end of the Oamaru breakwater. A few weeks later a great storm arose, and when it subsided there remained only a few stray blocks of atone, a chain, a dead horse, the wreck of a crane, and an active looking mortgage, to tell where the great work had once stood. The Harbour, Board grow soured and vinegary under this misfortune, and tore its incor- porated hair in anguish ; but when it had recovered a little, ita dignity swelled up till it obscured the solar system, and it went out to prospect for vengeance. A meeting was held, and it was solemnly resolved to eue the Otago Daily Timre for libelling the ghost of the dead-and-gone enterprise, and the pro- prietors of that journal will probably have cause to regret their remark«,, even though the broken bones of the Oamaru scarecrow are now grinding themselves to pieces at the bottom of the deep blue sea. IT will be seen from announcement in our advertising columns that the Bulletin will not be issued on Saturday, aud that this office will be closed. No rain fell at any station in Queensland daring the twenty-four hdurs ending at nine o'clock yesterday morning, and the reports were generally fine. At one or two places it was said to bc cloudy, and at others hot and sultry. MB. R. R. DAWBARN yesterday busied him- self in obtaining signatures to a paper favour able to stopping all business on Monday, and [ secured the co- operation of the greater number ol the wholesale mei chants. The shop-keepers, however, refused to join in the movement, and it was abandoned. It was I intended, if the majority were of one mind, to have wired to Brisbane with a view to having the day gazetted a public holiday. A REQUISITION, signed by the necessary number of householders, was yesterday pre- sented to the Police Magistrate, asking him to ' cause an inquiry to be held into the circum- stances attending the destruction fay fire of Mr. John Edgar's stock and books, and of the shop he occupied. THE monthly meeting of the Committee of the Fitzroy Pastoral, Agricultural, and Horti- cultural Society was called for yesterday afternoon, but only four members-Messrs. E. M. Hunter, F. H. Hobler, J. 8. Edgar, and J. Rule-attended. Consequently it had to be adjourned for a week, and the adoption of the schedule {or the next show was de- ferred. Quorums appear to be rather difficult j to obtain at present, not only with one ! society, but with others; and unless some members make a point of attending, the workers too will stay away, and nothing will \ [ be done. *'Manota " was produced for the third last evening by the Harding Opera Troupe, and will be repeated to-night. MB. DBILL-INSTBUCTOR QUICK, who has-' acted as instructor to our naval companies for several months past, has been transferred to Townsville. He left last night by the northern mail boat. A similar mode of procedure waa adopted at an early stage of the companies' existence, when Instructor Blake had jost got things into proper swing ; and it seems a pity and rather peculiar these officers should have been removed just when they had come to be on excellent terms with the men. AT the conclusion of the proceedings at the Police Court yesterday, Mr. Lukin asked what had become of the two men whose names appeared on the charge-sheet, and to which was attached the word "protection." Inspector Stuart replied that they had been sent to Rockhampton by the Committee of the Peak Downs Hospital for transmission to the Dunwich Benevolent Asylum, but their farce from here to Brisbane had not been paid. He had had them taken to the lock-up in order that they might get sometbiog to eat. Hs had not the power he was asked by the Secretary of the Hospital to exercise-of pay- ing the men's passage, and they were at present inmates of the lock-up. THROUGH the kindness of Dr, and Mrs. Macdonald, and under arrangements cour- teously carried out by Mr. Trebeck, the con- valescent patients in the Hospital spent a couple of hours very pleasantly yesterday afternoon. A party of ladies and gentlemen gave a concert in the doctor's residence, to which as many patients as were able to attend were admitted. An excellent programme had been drawn up, and was fully carried ont. Among tba performers were Mes. Stuart, Mrs. Saber, Mrs. Macdonald, Misses Hench- man, White, and M'Ilwraith ; Messrs. Pretty, j Trebeck, and M'llwraith, and Piper Ken- / nedy. The audience seemed to enjoy the en- tertainment, and joined heartily in the finale of " Auld 1-angsyne." A vote of thanks to Dr. and Mrs. Macdonald was car- ried by acclamation. THE half-yearly meeting of thc John Knox ' Lodge, P.A.F.S., was held in the Protestant Hall on Tuesday evening last. Dr. Edgelow was appointed surgeon to the Lodge for the coming year, and Messrs. Kow and Co. chemists for the same term. Bro. W. li. Thompson waB elected to represent the Lodge at tho next Grand Council Sessions, which will be held at Warwick early in April, 1887. The following brethren were elected to the respective offices:-Past Master, E. Berry ; W.M., H. Watson ; D.M., J. Miller ; Secretary, "W. G. Thompson ; Treasurer, J. W. Cragg ; Auditors, J. Mitchener and G. Gatton; S.E., G. E. Sansom; J.E., H. J. Harris; J.G., 6. Gatton ; O.G., J. Dallow. Installation of officers was deferred till next meeting. THE Rockhampton agent of the Victoria Fire Insurance Company, Mr. H. W, Risien, acting under instructions from the head office, yesterday served a notice on Mr. J. Edgar, whose stock was recently destroyed by fire, to the effect that the company repudiated the claim he made under a policy for £500, taken out some time ago. Mr. Risien explained this was because Mr. Edgarhad neglected tocomply with one of the conditions endorsed on the policy, by insuring his stock three weeks be- fore the Ure with another company for £600, without letting the Victoria Company know. The clause upon which the company act is as follows :-" Persons having insured in this company shall not receive any benefits from their policies if they shall thereafter effect further insurances on the same buildings, . goods, or other property, unless they shall forthwith give notice in writing to this com- pany of such further insurance, nor until the same shall be allowed by endorsement on the policy, in which case this company shall be liable only for the payment of the rateable . proportion of any loss or damage which snob, property shall sustain, provided always it shall be optional witb this company to grant ' such allowance, or decline to do so, and cancel the policy, and return the premium for the' unexpired period." THE télégraphie report whioh we publish - thia morning from London leaves no room for doubt that the rumours which have pre- vailed for some time past that Alexander HI., the Emperor of Russia, has oommitted homi- - cide by taking the life of bis aide-de-camp, ' Count Reutern, are correct. The death of tiie Count was caused by a shot from a revolver, and the strange affair must have occurred at least two months ago. In Spite of the endeavours which were undoubtedly made to keep it secret, it leaked ont that, some such event had taken place, as in a home paper, the Birmingham Weekly Mercury, dated, the 30th October last, we find the following paragraph: "The Vienna correspondent of the Daily Chronicle says :-' It may be worth while stating that my telegram, published in the> Daily Chronicle of the 22nd instant, giving an account of the shooting by the Czar of bis. , aide-de-camp, Count Reutern, has ao far met with no contradiction, although it has vir- tually run through all the Continental press. Moreover, the Budische Landeszeitung, a Saper which ia well known for its exclusive Russian news, confirms my account in nearly every particular. Its own words are :-* The Czar u really said to have shot down Count Reutern. under the misapprehension that he intended mischief. The funeral of the Count was consequently conducted with quite aa unusual amount of pomp, and it is even re- ported that by order of the Czar the coffin con- taining the remains of the unfortunate Count was eas ried to thegrave by the Grand Dükes.'" From then np till the present time the whole affair seems to have been shrouded in mys- tery, as although paragraphs have appeared in some journals they were merely specu- lative, and no definite information has been obtainable until now, when a still further gloom is cast over the occurrence by the fact that the constant fear and excitement which surrounded the Cur's every action has un- hinged his mind, «nd it is feared His Majesty is a maniac. 