BURROWA. NOTES BY THE GHOST. WELL, Mr. Editor, since my last appearance nothing of any consequence has taken place in our little town of the South. We have had some nice showers, and tile weather is getting nice and warm. The following are the selections taken up at the lands office on Thursday last, October 28th : -L. J. Dargan, 121½ acres (additional), Bina long and Bobbora; Edward Slaven, 40 acres (additional), Wallah; W Harrison, 40 acres (additional), Numby; E. Frost, 80 acres (addi tional), Kenyu. Conditional Leases: Edward Slaven, 120 acres, Wallah; E. Frost, 240 acres, Kenyu; W. Harrison, 120 acres, Numby. AMATEUR MINSTREL ENTERTAINMENT. - On Friday night thle members of the Burrowa Ama teur Dramatic Club gave a minstrel entertain ment in aid of the library for the Mechanics'. Although the hall was not well filled, a very good programme was given. Shortly after 8 p.m. the concert commenced with an overture by the company, after which the following pro gramnme was given :--Mr. J.R. Macdonald, song, "Ebren on the Rhine;" comic song, "The Hen Show," Mr. Elliot (who received an encore and gave in response "Have You Seen Her ?"); Mr. W. E. Wotton, "Red, White, and Blue; " Mr. W. Hancock, song, "Cradle's Empty, Baby's Gone; " comic song, "Babbling Brook," Mr. Scriven; song, "Belle Mahone," Mr. S. G. Wotton; song, " The Rustic Bridge," Mr. J. R. Macdonald; comic song by Mr. Elliot; song, "Old Folks at Home," Mr. W. Hancock; comic song, Mr. C. F. Scriven, " In the Morn ing;" song, "Drink, Puppy, Drinkl" Mr. W. E. Wotton. This brought the first part to a close. Part 11 commenced with a "Lecture on Temperance," Mr. F. P. Poole; song, " Only to See Her Face," Mr. Paradise; comic song, "The Sausage Boy," Mr. Elliot; song, "In Happy Moments" (by request), Mr. W. Han cock; song, Mr. W. E. Wotton, "Hear the Wild Winds Blow; " Mr. Scriven, comic song (in character), "What's Become of She," which was encored and responded to by his singing " Hoe de Corn, Moses." The performance con cluded with the side splitting farce, "The Wax works Show " - Signor Frangipanni, J. R. Macdonald; Bob, C. F. Scriven; Deaf Joe, F. P. Poole; Long Jim, D. J. Elliot; Washington, J. Curran; Greonacre Greenacre, S. G. Wot ton; Mrs. Greeneye, H. Meurer; Detective Bullseye, W. Hancock. The performers acquit ted themselves in a very creditable manner. I may say that the audience seemed far more pleased than they did at the last concert. Messrs. Scriven and Elliot were encored for every song they gave, and the whole of the per formers sang in first-rate style. In time the club will be the first out of Sydney. FLOWER Snow.-The flower show in aid of the Wesleyan church and Mechanics' piano debt is open on Tuesday next, and so far promises to be a great success. 30th October, 1886. 