THURSDAY, MARCH 25, 1886. COLONIAL' OdIAIJ ASPIRATIONS. 131 CAROLU5S.." -. THERE ae a good many paradoxes aflsit iii the colonial social atmosphere of the present day. Of course'I now allude to the upper strata in which colisial- " society" exists and' has its being.` W, who are of the "organic lower order," while. admitting that we are really of that despicable cless wlio cannot' evenonlaimnto addlthat pleasant prefix of ." wealthy" to our plebian patronymic, and thus become of the " wealthy lower order;" still contend that our presence is necessary to the hairmonious exis tenoneof, thoso high and haughty scions of aristberatic '* ntecedents, .who, when their forebearsewere condueting the-pioneer bullock teams over thweinuged upls and downs of the now zig-zsagged Blue Mountains, accompanied with a torrent of such fearful and continuoi's imprecations and diabolical 4Qpunciations, which have 'happily now died away into `whit may be called a gentle lullaby in these degenerate'times; were tailing up the reluctant provider of the lactal fluid (whoo!) or hunting the ,'lrrikinistic bovine intruder out of the wheat crop, or treeing the forked-tongued "gohanner"' up the ancestral blue gums, or bruising the' omnipresent serpent's head (four feelotng-all newspaporesnaixw being of that length), or careering round in the promiscous manner peculian" to;Ijouthful, aspiraints .for gPotts Pint polh;h whose earliest. recollction' goes' -ba'ck "'to, te kgin-case, cradle, and the slattern but oniergetie mater who generally waltzed'round insa state of 'vociferating cussed-' ness all day, with crumpled hair in net,-(hold on; one minute I 'What has become of all the hair-nets. now-a-days 1 Has the crimping tongs and the-" banged" forelock driven them off 'the face of the earth?) These nets wore a veritable institution once; and how convenient they were too ! The goodwife upon rising in the morning need not trouble the toilet tpble; saeiing the dishevelled locks with one hand, a vigorous-twist, and pop under .the.net they go; a `few stray locks' to'. tuck" in and 'volle fout the coffeuer.is'completed till the nusses can find time (about; p.mn.) to use .the comb and brush I had not seen' a hair 'not for years, but coming down theýBarcoo with a mob of "stores" my heart was gladdened' with the sight of; the well 'emembered head gear, and, on asking 'the pprivilege of o examining the antediluviid article, such an unexpected torrent of feminineo vituperation was poured forth that I fled froin the scone, the awful expletives of ensaiguined. counter-jumping, quill- driving, new-chuns jackeroo ringing in our ears-These are some.of the antecedent charactoristics of the class from which we are now endeavouring to manufacture an heriditary,' conservative, " tory. aristocrasy, and -we are getting on finely. Have we nit, 'at' home, 'enrolled amongst the legislators of. mother England, a choice assort ment of the colonial production. Are not Henniker and 'Sir: Saimuel (at present out of the running) and ;'nother Alexander the Con querer about to supersede the much persecuted Saul in time judgientei seat? Are not "Sirs" and C.M.G.-ships, and even "Barts" as thick as' leaves in Valambrosia ? 'Have we 'not 'knights' of, the Holy Ghost? (holy ghostess as the unregenerated`'ower order" term them) does not M.L.A. now rend M.P.? liave we not "Honourables" withini the colony (and even then net ,haviig'any'pice-emptivo right to 'the appcllati iis hre'larid-jobbing and dummying is conceriicd l 'aid iast, but not least, are ,we mot tursiibig, out a'genuino article in the J.P. lino, by -teaching thie "seopyteis how to sign their niausea 'iithobit1ussidgjthe crucial test, and trying to'impres5 upo0itho aspiranits for future logislative li'iiouis 'that Jainsary is not spelled accordisig' to tho laws laid downs by the festive John of Coonaubarracelebrity? Have we' imot the-au i 'g!iierisi'nontal or 'bankiferous dude, who swoars, "' na Jove I life would be unendur able - were it not for 'the block' and an ! 'Putt's Point' at hsomue 1" and'would not these sanmo lisghuly fiiished articles of hime-manufao two be "humping the drum" as "whalers" and ".siuindownors" on time' bunks .of the mighty Murrumbidgeo, or on the' sun-dried watorhiloes of the blue Baneoo, had they not have hiad tlim luck of poassessing aiu. ancestor well up in the mysteries of the" bullet- mould and beef 'oask" arrangenment, or an equally sterling 'ediucation in "'dulling and: brand faking .'?' Have we niot 'now- coats of arms (without thei intermnediation of Sir Bernard i3urke). iii quarters- where 'arms to the coats were once a rarsty I and are 'those armonial beiarings .imrd insignia of,, Line-blood in any inistantsc contsmonorativ'oif this deeds of: such aim Illustrious aenoestryi-' The 'Amnericasn New Eimglan'r i*ft cilŽy dsore with a show of pride that his grdht gritil'frithm r. "ong. coer, in thie May .Fuircu with tho 'Phlgrinis" I btmi who amongst our budding aristocrasy will boast of the fact that his grandmother came out i a the Red Rover and the paternal grand an ozstr'iwas exiled (for poaching, of course) in the not tis tant past 4 Ah, me,! the world is getting censorious, and rude men of the artizan persuasion who visit 'Mohlianics' Institutes, attend lectures, and read the papers, "want to know, you know" why the antecedents of our embryo upperdom are so decidedly sat down upon and kept out of sight: Why ' inquire , the "reason why;2 a neighbouring colony burned all the documents in the State Departmeint which could throw any light upon the vexed question of precedence" in colonial society l These are things of .the past however, and are only mentioned as curious instances of modest reticence, so let the " dead past bury its dead," or as Byron has it, \- .".Something. too- much of this, tut now 'tis past ; > \- And the grave closet with its silent seal." We do not as a people object to a sill display of a natural weakness; but our tombstones are too new, and the bricks of our family vaults too red ana bright for the majority of people to believe that we really had any grandparents worth mentioning. Mummies are cheap "over in Egypt, and were I the proprietor of a brand new family vault I would import a couple of dozen anatamonic specimens from the land of the Pharoahs, bundle them into the family bone pit, and boast of the antiquity of my defunct ancestors (through the medium of the grand old gardener and his wife)there entombed. There may be more ways than one of killing a ,dog than, choking him with a pound of Orange butter at two shillings per pound ; but there is no other way of establishing a colonial ances try than by procuring a cart-load of the bones of the aboriginal proprietors of thie soil fromis Pontal'Island, or impurting the artistically pre pared "subjects" from the land of' the Sphynx -these latter having the decided preference, as travellers inform us that these frank incensed and oddriferously gum-prepared "stiffs" make an excelleni sdubstitute for fire-wood in prepar ing one's coffee. in the desert; 'and as we:have' nom assurance that the Illawarra coalfield will prove a joy forever" (despite skilful manipulat ing of the iailway) it would be a coinsolation'to know that the pot could be boiled and the cabbagee cooked by disinterring an (Egyptian) ancestery.i But these digressions caused by our reverance for an ancestrial, pedegreeio establishment in coniieotion with our mnuch-respeoted end dearly idolised aristoocrasy, have borne me away fromthe subject I intended to take in -hand; but as "Our Colonial Coiiserivatives"'is'a sub-' jett whichiovwofondly hope will always remain green (?) in our memories, the subject may stand over for the present-so Voale ' 