SPIRITED AWAY [From Chambers's Journal,] In Three Chapters.—Chapter I. As soon a3 I had finished my chop Jean came to clear the table, upon which I took the oppor tunity of saying to him, " I shall require a bed here to-night. I suppose you can find room for me ?" He stared at me for a moment or two in open-eyed astonishment. Then he said— "Monsieur is mistaken. We have no beds for strangers here." " Then why have you the announcement of ' Good Beds' painted up on the lamp outside ?" I demanded a little hotly. Jean shrugged his shoulders. " Ah, that is a mistake—all at. once a mistake," he answered with his strong accent. "The Englishman, who had this place before Monsieur Karavich, used to let out beds; but Monsieur KaravichB who has been here but two months, does not. No." At this juncture M. Karavich himself ap~ peared on the scene. He had come to ascertain what the discussion was about. He put a» question to Jean in French, and the latter an| swered him volubly in the same language. " Jean is right, monsieur," said the cafetier to me in his broken English, which I had some difficulty in comprehending, and with an air of polite deprecation; " we do not let oun beds to strangers. The lamp shall be altered to-morrow. I am sorry—truly sorry, monsieur." "So am I sorry,"I answered stoutly. " I am. an utter stranger in London, never having set foot in it till three hours ago, and I know no mere where I am than the man in the moon. Besides, think of the fog! What am I, a* i stranger, to do if turned out into the midst of \- it? You can surely find.me a bed somewhere. I don't care how humble it is—and it's only for one night. Put your head outside the door, monsieur, and see for yourself whether on suca a night you would turn even a dog into tha streets." The cafeticr spoke to Jean in some language with which I had no acquaintance. Jean re plied volubly as usual. Then the cafetier spoka again, but this time his voice had an impera tive tone in it such as I had not noticed before, Jean turned pale, and replied, not in words, but by turning out the palms of his hands ami spreading wide his fingers. It was an answen replete with significance. Turning to me, tha cafetier said, in his slow, hesitating tone—" r \- will find monsieur a bed. He is a stranger and an Englishman and claims my hospitality j. that is enough for Eedor Karavich.' * I did not fail to thank him. He smiled, faintly, made me a little bow, and went slowly back to his counter. When I turned my eye3 on Jean he was scowling at me most unmis takably. What could I possibly have done to annoy the sprightly little man t The stranger with the ,gold spectacles pushed away his newspapers and rose to go. Jeaq helped him on with his fur-lined overcoat, and as he did so a quick whisper passed between the two. Then Jean left him. The strangec put on his hat, and coming down a pace or two till he stood close by the end of my table he proceeded to leisurely button up his coat. I happened to look up and our eyes met. Tha stranger smiled, and said in a soft, pleasant voice, in which there was the faintest percep tible trace of a foreign accent—"Pardon, but I think I heard monsieur say just now that ha was a stranger in London. Is that not so ?" "Quite a Etranger," I replied. "I only arrived here three hours ago, and was never iq London befors." I was glad to have someone to speak to, were I it only tms pleasant-voiced foreigner; it seemed [ in some measure to take off the edge of my : loneliness, I "Again pardon," said the other; "buff monsieur would naturally find the fog outaida • rather bewildering ? Ah, your English climate! He would be puzzzled, for instance, to find! j his way from the house to Charing Cross, on i even to the nearest bridge; is it not so ?" | "Faith, you're right there," I answered with", a laugh. " I have not the slightest idea of tha locality of this house, nor even on which side the river it is situated. But daylight will., solve my difficulties in that respect." "Ah, that daylight is a great tell-tale," an swered the stranger with the ghost of a shrug. "Bon soir, monsieur; I hope you will sleep well and have pleasant dreams." Again the inscrutable smile flitted aero33 his face. Raising his hat slightly, he pushed! open the swing-doors and passed (out into the fog and darkness. It was growing late by this time, Besides myself, there were only two customers now left; in the place, who seemed still as intent oh theic game of dominoes as they had been when E went in. Summoning Jean, I asked to bg shown to my room. I think the bedroom into which I was! presently inducted was the very smallest iq which it was ever my lot to sleep, while tha bed itself was so short that a tall lanky fellovsr such as I was might well wonder how his length of limb was to be packed away in so small a compass. On turning down the bedclothes, tha sheets and pillow-cases, to my countrified eyes,' accustomed to the snowiest of linen, looked fas too dingy to be at all inviting. It seemed ta me that they had not been changed for a con siderable period; but be that as it may, I had no inclination to trust myself into too closer contact with their dubious purity. I was tired enough to sleep anywhere, and had there beets anything in the shape of an easy-chair in tha room I would have made that my couch for tha night. What I did was to take off my collar, boots, and coat, lie down on the bed, turn up the counterpane over me on both sides, and lay my coat over that. Thousands in London; that night had a far worse bed than mine. Leaving the end of candle which Jean had. given me to burn itself out, three minutes lateu. I was in a sound, dreamless sleep. 