Sequel to Poo's Ravon. Stili within that dreary dwelling, where bis . future fato was kneeling While the lump's lust feeble flicker fadml from tho painted lloor, Sat tho dreamer, heavy-hearted for the radinnt . one departed; .And tho shadows danced and darted on the bird abovo the door, , Shrouding him in sablo darkness, that grim As he echoed — Nevermore! Then the darkness both embracing, mournful memories retracing ?In docp silenco, that was anguish to tho heart so sad and sore, Until brokon by the wailing of tho stormy winds prevailing And the tompest's loud assailing at tho lattice ns before, Shrieking, sobbing, wailing voices at the lattices as before. Wailing ever — Nover more ! But the tempest wildly raging, nil tho elements engaging In mad conflict (scarce assuaging, stunning yet the grief ho bore), Bv a lightening flash was broken, of swift thunderbolt the token, Which, by kindly fate bespoken, strctclicd him lifeless on Hie floor. Silent ever, with the raven gazing at him on the floor, Cro.iking.'dirgc.like— Never more ! . Then the storm-winds whirling faster, shriek ing, seeking fresh disaster, Through the 'open llittice rushing, seized the bust above tho door, Bearing down that black-plumed raven, covrcd and crushed as any craven. To an everlasting haven 'ncath the bust upon tho floor, 'Ncath tho pallid bust of Pallas lying crushed upon the floor, Croaking — dirges — never more ! it ?» * # « # * # Such my mood till daylight, streaming, placed a limit to my dreaming, And the ghosts of feverod fancy flitted from uiy brain ouco more ; It was yet a bitter waking, for my bead, was madly aching, And I cursed myself' for taking that last grog the night before. When I knew that mixing liquors had sucli ', dire efEect of yore, That same mixture, nothing more ! Well I know my aching burden was my folly's well- darned guerdon. And which needs must follow conduct that cool wisdom would deploro, iiuc J. u lOUUBiiiy ueeii scnuumg lor u prizu nob worth the gaining, For a maid in beauty reigning, whom I'd fondly named. Lenovo. And because she'd badly jilted me, my spirits to restore, ? I had drunk a little more. , Still tho origin perploxed ino of that raven which had vexed mo. And still in mv ilrpmns nnrsistnd tit monot onous ' encore' \- Till a .figure, scarcely mystic, stuffed and dressed with Bkill artistic, Glared with eyes quite realistic from abovo my chamber door, And I recognised the nightmare which my troubled vision bore— My stuffed jackdaw, nothing more ! \- / ? When I told my strango weird story to an old -retainer hoary, As Hint most attentive minion came tup capping at tno noor ; ' It's no uso tho truth a blinking, sorr/ he said, ' yo'vo been a drinking, -, And yo feel a trifle sinking, sorr, 'this morning, I'll bo sworo.' Thou ho brought to soothe my throbbing, what lio'd of ton brought before — Just one U. and S. — no nioro ! — Noniaiil, in Truth. 