SPORTING. B.* Y " CEtA?un." To morrow brings once' again the com. mecoment of the greatest in every sense of the word, race meeting in the Southern Hemisphere. Great improvements have taken place since last Derby day,both in the padldock and on the hill. Tho stand erected on the latter place will be a great boon to many who like to sit and watch the racing with something akin to comfort. A new stand has also been ere:ted near the entrance from the hill, which will re. lieve the pressure on the old stand and in the paddock. All that is wanted is line weather, which we may expect after the miserable time we have had of it lately, with this given in I have no doubt the sporting public with thoroughly enjoy the spring meeting of the Victoria Racing Club. The meeting opens as usual with the. 3Melbourno Stakes, for which an excellent entry, as regards quality, has been re ceived. The aulflield and ?Iooneo Yalley running makes this race -look a good thing for Isonomy, I shall place them SheetAnchor, Isono:ny, and Bravo. "I have left Trenton out as I do not think lie wi I face the starter. The Ilotham HIandical has a large field to pick from, Brown anp Rose, Britisher, and Lesbia look the beatd The M3aribyrnong Plate is next on the list. This year there has been no betting for. this important event to give one a line as' to the probable winner, however my selection -will be Lava, Perhaps, and Miranrda. The Darby looks a moral for Trident, with Crossfire and staddde lina to fill the places. For the Selling Race I fancy The Ghost, Stafford and Toronto, and for the last race of the day, the Coburg Stakes, look to Don Giovanu Gardenia, Camerino and 't d i -'ciito furn lsh tho wiiner ' "o "- : On Tuesday the racing: commences with the IIurdlo Race, which ought to be won by Ocean, Sir Launcelot or Blue Mountain. The Kensington Stakes ought to ho won by Mistle too, Sunshade or Lady Lovell. The great event of the meeting has a very good acceptance list, 30 having paid up, though some of them, such as Menotti, .ack Ioach, etc., have not a 1000 to 1 chance At present I look to Trident to win, wilh. little John, Ilexham, Isonoony and Ben Bolt to follow hili, home. For The Oaks I fancy Crossfire, Iaddelina and Tama. risk, and tlhespecial Juvenile Stakes looks a good thing for Eckersley or Epicurean. 