A'1 GHOST SCARE AT kew. A PRACTICAL JOK ER AT WORK. \- — <s For Romo four or fivo weeks past tho rcHidcnts-pf Kew. Jiavo been greatly excited in conscqucnco of the alleged appcaraiico of a veritable ; ghost in tliat quiot towuship. Rumors . strango and portentous have been, npd aro still, .flying about as -to the shape and n)pcaranco of the alleged ghost. Tho account stated that it was a tall figure drossod in wliito, whicli gave out a phosphorescent flamo. Anyway thoro can be no doubt as to tho truth of tho scare, although thcro is gravo doubts as to tho " rcalncss" of the gliost, Tho first authentic, account of tho ghost so far na can bo ascertained by careful inquiry, dates ' baolc to about a month' since. Ono oveuing about thnb date a resident of Kew , and his wifo woro proceeding to a church meeting, about 8 o'clock, ana when turning Into Cotliam Road Mrs . the lady in- question, was alarmed hy seeing a tall figure', in white- standing against the fence. Sub states, "I gave a slight start upon seeing tlio figure, and my husband looked in tho direction. Neither of us - spoke, but when wo got near tiio church J said to my hus band, .'Tlmt must- he tho ghost. 1 He replied, T tlioughb it was a woman taking shelter against tho fence.' That was all that took placo." Tho lady states sho had hoard about tho ghost in sumo mysterious way a- night or two. beforo tho occurrence, "j&to; qau been stated that tho lady abovo vC- fcrrcd to >7 80 alarmed at tho sight of tho supposed ghost, tiiut was spized with fits, whioiuvere' recurrent. fl'iuori« uot correct; sho was- a 'littlo startled, that was ' alk .will not, howoYor, how Wnlk.uut at night without protection, and a great many Tame»- ftre-ot tho samo mind. On Sunday night lost theghoat was scon iu Gollihmnd street By soino 10 or 12 . children who woro returning homo from church. They at ouco ran oil' to inform Sergeant M'Grath of tho circumstance, anil this enabled tho ghost to escape. Sovcral other persona " havo soon tlio ghost," and a good deal of alnrm and "ex citement prevails in Kew, especially aiuougst tlm female portion of tho community rcsixiuting tho affair. The latest development took placo Inat night, when " tho ghost" wan seen by are- spectacle cabman, named John Kenny. It was near tho hour when "sheeted goolinn" walk, that io a quarter to twelve p.m., when Kenny was going into his yard with the cab. Ho noticed something whito crouching low down against his fence. lie called out, "Who aro you ? What do you want V Tho sup posed ghost raised himself up to a great height, and Kenny taking an iron wronch out of his cab, jumped down, and started to walk towards the ghost. Tho latter made off very hurriedly > up Stevenson street, and soon vanished from Kenny's sight. Kenny roportcd the matter to Sergeant M'Grath of the Kew police, this morning. All tlio ac counts of the ghost's appearance go to show that tho supposed apparition is a man en veloped in a whito sheet, and that it is pro bable that lie occasionally walks ou stilts. Sergeant M'Grath has a constablo in plain clothes' specially told off to hunt down the ghost, and ho (the constablej is armed with a Fijian club, "expressly provided for the.occa- , aiou. Sergeant M'Grath has also engaged a young man, who is a. swift runner, opo, in fact, "who could almost win tho Cup," said tho sergeant to-day, to. track his ghostehip, and should tho latter bo encountered by oithor of tho abovo sleuth-hounds of tho Sergeant, tho ghost will moat certainly have a bad quarter of an hour. A considerable section of tho nmlo residents of Kew are very indignant at tho perpetrator of this very re- nruhousiblo 'and adly niisohiovouH practical joke, and willmako " tho ghost" "remomber tho uay " should thoy just como across him, Sergeant M'Grath has a very .shrewd suspicion ah to who " the ghost " roully is, and expect in tho courso of a night or two to bo ablo to givo a good account of this diverting gentloman. Mcanwhilo, ladies out after nightfall aro started ab tho smallest thing. Last night a young lady who was walking by horself saw Sorgeant M'Grath standing at a rathor dark cornor. Sho ab onco commenced to sorcaui lustily, fancying that the ghost had really appqareu to hor. This instanco wilt give somo slight idea of the ov tent of tho scare. It Is to bo hoped that Sergoant M'Grath 's anticipations will bo con firmed, and that thoghosfcwill shortly be cool- fag bis ardor iu tho Kew locfe-up, ' 