AN EVIL PASSION. BY THE AUTHOR" OF UNTO DEATH. "BLOOD MONEY, &c.; CHAPTER XIV. THE TRAMPS. < BLOW 'em ' T'hey don't know what hart is, I think, in this pig- headed Welsh country !' The speaker, a shallow, somewhat cadaverous-looking, tall, thin man, in a loose-fitting, much-worn suit, and billy cock hat, was leaning against the rough interior wall of a barn belonging to the Three Groats. His aspect was alto gether gloomy, rendered worse in the dim light of a tallow candle in a broken .candlestick, which darkened every dark line of his hollow, haggard face. A stouter, shorter man sat smoking on a turned-up bucket, his elbows on his knees, his chin in his hands, his eyes staring blankly bef.re him. The third person was a thin, pale woman of about five-and- thirty. Time, toil, and trouble had stamped their impress on her worn features, yet had been incapable of destroying the beauty she had once possessed; nay, illness and care had refined and made it more delicate. She was the wife of the man who had spoken, and now, lifting her face, said, 'There's no place like England, Bill. We'd far better get back there.' 'I believe you, Em,' put in the shorter man. ' There's nothing to be done here. The ghost won't walk among such a set as this.' ' There's nothing to be done, ain't there?' growled Bill, taking his pipe from his mouth to do it. 'I can tell yer this is to be done-pay the bill for this cursed hole, which ain't much fif for even rats.' ' We were glad enough to get it, Bill,' said the woman. '* ight you are, Em,' acquiesced the shorter man. . 'Well, it's better nor the road on ..'such a night as this promises to be, I own. Yes, the rain's commenced already. Hear it? Who couldn't? \- " But, as I say, it's got to be paid for.' < What, the rain ?' put in the shorter ma.: ' Not a stiver it gets from me, with out it. was to wash away this cussed Stown.' : 'I don't.reckon it, nor nothing else, will get a stiver from you, Joe. Don't be too funny. I for one ain't in a humour for jokes.' ' Go on; only reck'lect walls have ears.' Bill took'the advice. Coming for ward, he sat down upon'the bundle ot straw upon which she was sitting. * Let's look fao's in the face,' he said. : Cuss him !' muttered Joe. 'And the fac's is,' proceeded the other, ' that we've got supper and this place for shelter and breakfast in the morning, with a promise to pay; The question is, can we pay ?' ' You know we can't, Bill; for we can't tramp the road to.morrow without a penny.' 'Then what are we to do ?' ' You know, or. you wouldn't ask.' ' Then,' - leaning forward and lowering his voice-' I say, blow the breakfast, and let's cut it.' ' I don't see no objection,' remarked Joe. 'We ain't likely to come this cirkit again.' 'If,' proceeded Bill, 'they had treated us more as gentlemen, and paid better respect to the drammer, it would have been different. Our honours would have been touched. But to put us in such a place as this-why, they don't deserve even our thanks. 'It's pretty certain they won't get 'em,' grinned Joe. 'Well, go on. What's to be done ?' 'Directly dawn breaks, we'll start . off on the tramp. We'll be far away before they know of our absence, and I reckon it won't be .much worth their while to cotna after us. What do you ay ?' 'I'm on.. And you Em ?' he began, Sthen paused, perceiving that the head of the weary woman had fallen on her Sbosomi, and that she was asleep.' She's ieideadbeat,' he said, lowering his voice. i reckon we ain't far better,' growled Bil. 'Look here; let's makel our airrangements, then we can follow her example.' The two taiked a little while longer : in whispers, planning their departure, ihd the route they would take ; not . the main road. Then Billrousingthe woman, only that she might take a more favourable position to rest, the .three strollers, for such they were, stretched themselves among the straw, "and regard'e3s of the highjinks played by the rats, slept soundly. :. The grey dawn was just breaking over the scene of desolation in the Llanrys VYalley when Bill rose, and, having shaken himself together, c!autiously approached the door. * Opening it a little way, he glanced out; No sign. of human life was an3y where visible. Stepping further into the yard, the stroller glanoed up at the house. Eovery blindand curtain was drawn. -::'PToo comfortable in their beds to care to tumble out yet,' he growled. !Well,.soimuch the better for us.' Returning into the barn, he first shook the man and then the woman. * Up with yer !' he exclaimed. ' It'll be light in ten minutes, and some of the people may be getting astir. All's safe now. We'd best be off.' 'Ri' ht you are,' responded Joe, scrambling to his feet. The woman said nothing, but, ris ing, tied on her bonnet, lifted a bundle fromthe corner, and was ready. Again Bill stepped forth to recon noitre, then, beckoning them to follow, he led the way through the yard. At the far end a gate admitted them into the fields; passing through, they struck across the latter, and soon, much to their relief, the mists hid the ? hree Goats" from view. The woman had, fortunately, put away the remnants of their supper, and they broke their fast as they went along, the man Bil' cursing the hard ness of their lot at every mouthful. Soon, however, they had other matters to think about. The road they we e traversing, at first mud, became covered with water, until they were compelled to halt. ' I reckon there's been a hinunda tion,' remarked Joe. 'We shan't be forced to go back, shall we?' asked the woman, scared. 'Not ifj I knows it,' rejoined Bill. 'It ain't, as I see, no ways particular which way we go, as long as we don't go back. There's a precious sight of hills about here. We must make for the higher ground.' ' Don't let's linger,' said the woman, nervously, and already starting off. Reaching the higher ground, they made all the speed they could over the oozey earth. They walked with the somewhat slouching, easy pace of the regular tramp, which covers a lot of ground in an hour. Then they paused to look round them, and to rest. They perceived the gleam of the rising sun on the vast stretches of water in the lower level, and decided they must keep across the hills, going where fate might lead them. To such wanderers, what mattered whither they went ?' STheyjhad already started, when the woman, touching her husband's arm with one hand, and pointing to a spot below them, pretty well covered by bushes, said, 'Bill, what's that ?' ' What's what ?' 'That down there among the bushes. It looks like somebody lying there. It seems a woman.' Both men, shading their eyes from the sun, gazed in the direction to where the woman pointe'd. 'It's a woman, sure enough,' re marked Joe; 'What can make her lie there ?' At that instant there was a wailing cry. 'There's a child too !' ejaculated the woman. 'So0mething wrong, I suspect. Bill let's see!' Curiosity urged her companions to comply. The bushes were not a dozen yards off, and the three descended. Before they reached the spot, they saw that their surmise was correct. A woman lay prostrate, motionless, on the dank earth. ' She must be dead, Bill,' said the woman, in an awe struck tone. 'Let's see; for in that case we had best have nought to do with her. We don't want to be delayed by an inkquest, and our c'racters inquired into.' Afew seconds. and the three stood gazine. down at the lifeless form, to whose cold bosom a lovely golden haired child was nestling, sobbing, though that had ceased at their arrival, and she was regarding them with wide, curious, startled eyes. 'She's been drowned,' said Joe, 'It must 's been in the flood 1st night.' 'But how could she come here?' questioned the woman. 'That ain't any of our concern,' said her husband. ' Let them as it inter ests find out. Shedead, and we'd best tramp it,' 'Oh, Bill, you'd never go for to leave this dear innocent to perish by its dead mother?' 'I reckon we ain't going to take her with us,' was the retort. ' When we can't get grub for three mouths, we don't want a fourth.' Joe had been silently regarding the body. Now he spoke. 'But suppose, Bill, this ere affair helped us to get grub? Drowned women don't wantgrings and jewel'ry.' A swift gleam hot. from the men's eyes as they met, and they began to rifle the body. An exclamation broke from the woman's lips. ' Bill, see here I There's a paper tied to the child's dress. You'd best read it.' S'Read away, Em! You're the scholard ! We can work and listen I' But in a space, as the woman pro ceeded, they left off, listening intently. Em read with difficulty, for the writ inc was confused, and almost in some places undistinguishable. It ran thus: 'I write this in the grey dark; but I pray Heaven I shall make myself un derstood. I am dying, I am sure. lMy heart beats so slowly that I cannot breathe, then seems to stop altogether. Great God, what then will become of my child ' Should any good bamaritan find it, I implore them not to take it to the cottage at Llanrys. I beseech them to take it to their own home, and post the letter they will find in my pocket. 'Then wait. The child will surely be claimed, and its rescuers will be handsomely rewarded.' There it ended. The three looked at each other. 'I vote,' said Joe, 'that we take the child. . (To be continued.) 