SPORTING INTELLIGENCE. RACING. Silvermine and Bonnie Doon were street, - out of the South Yarra, Handicap at the Y Y I C KsttriH) 1 nine- for the principal handicaps at the Malmsbury means., do t at 3 p m to- day), with Mr. Adamson, the secretary, at the Malmsbury) Hotel I it rain" nominators for the two days' meeting" at l Casterton on the 1st and 2nd of April are Bermuda! that entries will be set ned to di) b) Mr I W Bell will meet at The programme contains some very after active state The "entries t tunes and over fences for the Y level Town and (even s C tek meetings are due to be) the annual net meeting; it 1 ancehe d t it is plain To-day Settling over the recent R C Autumn Medal, commence I yesterday) at the two Melbourne club. although there are a number of lit by) a mine- unionist bakers, on the other is and several have had losses, accounts and business- up today, modelled prove e ltd mu triangle) in inner Linton divided) there are serious complaining. about the j bickers out of Thomas Y leíanle main issue difficulties to the trial, of J 1.0 whilst another room till Mumuubiilt.ct district has had to ask for that YlUOltlA AM YU I II 1911 Child The following are the handicaps for the V Y be meetings which t ii es place on Saturday) next 11 is also in man it 10 Olio sons record 0.019 One 11 mile and a half or lb. 01 Iii Royal M is ill Foote I 1 insolvent 1 1 that North I U last he is S I 111 li P J is Via t I I I top It 0 (leader Latterly) I 11 is no no I H Pusey the 111 i i i i 10.10 2. Uli I) ( li mill 10 J I th Ullef 2 A situation has Include) U li i i lil : | Ma. none I o I a here. It is . canaille- J 0 -like a 1 Bill It is ' i ted Club trap st Dickie Grant the Solo Dutiful C) d] s join in Nai ber 1 lit. by MLDl Cbl, I all of sons, each second 20 seas rain and a quarter and a distance by li Meteor I 1 cabin I Gardenia Lady Claudia first Prince ngton Hone) Deo perchance I Footman j DDUC alston i ball 7 12 7 12 7 10 7 b Gcliou 0 0 Hunter 0 0 UneaslI (lateness) 0 o V yellow Ilauliuer 0 0 IHN DIC aP Sf EILER VbL, and 2 days, and second, 40 Sovs miles and a quarter st lb i I Midnight Blaekllorn Bob Cr O] el NutlVO bar He) C iledonian train Mar play of Water tons! Of 100 Sovs W Hills in Tell Mozart The Ghost Prince Ringmaster Bis Bis Buhe nan Nay ber 11 0 The lfUbmun Stag The Masher Noblcitiati Union Jack 1 roulette Martindale 1 hcnoiiicuon 10 1" ' till- SOUTH V -tax HAN'mtVl, at 10 10 10 10 to 11 0 10 1, 10 1 but! nine Dunlop Gratitude St. Odille Quintin Matsep Ulai 1er Dirk inattention homing ter for] ela Victor late Warnold Albanus Anarchy Louis II Louis) Marie Louise Batavia Bonnie Doon Eagle Orange Ulalutne Jocular First 1 op Mlllstroum I Doughton Fallon t 2 Salvo Kooloo Lbonv Uncas If I Uncles) li li (1 100 10 (I 0 Sir- Launcelot 7 o I St Paul 0 0 All horses not scratched by 4 p m 'Thurs day), 11th March will buconsideredacceptoia, and held liable for the sweepstakes N R D HOND bee V V I C 1 VILLE J. UKI CLUB (LiV lEHCltAlH 1 1901 OUR CORRESPONDENT , '1 ATURA, MONDAY The following handicaps have been declared for the annual races, to be held on the 17th mat - Gladiator 10 I | Orlando TATURA HANDICAP, Of sovs One mile and a quarter at 1!) Soldier Boy) 3 0 Pearl trillo S 0 Gladiator Verbena 7-12 Blue Bell May dew 7.10 Should t M under Hill; Harry 7.7 ST PATRICK'S DAY HANDICAP, Of 20 sovs One mile and a quarter Soldier Boy Trillo V ci bend Mur den King Hurry st H) S 7 Sparkle Lapidist .. Ghi late Blue Bell Should t W and: 6 Vow i IB, Handicapper COROWA RACING CLUB The following are the weights for the next meeting of the Corowa Racing Club - HUNG HANDICAP, Of i sons, and 3 Sovs each to second Six furlongs Black Diamond Soldier Boy Barca (dum bttatl0!iruun Cnjlad Trumpeter Little Mary V Herford - Harvester . Cordell Roxana .. Cymro titles Temptation Shaun Blue Panic Premier st lb 7 2 7 6 conow \ cm, V OHIO 100 Sovs , 50 Sovs given by the club and piece of 11 the value SO sovs added and 2 suva each to second One mile and a hall Student On the mu Black Diamond in lorn soldier Loy Is pi Barcaldine More To importer Little Mary Waterford Harvester Hartington Cjmro temptation LADIES BRACELET, Value 15 sovs, bracelet value 10 sons for second One mile st lb I Student Ouudttaun W ibdom Escape Barcaldine Gijlad Think of Mr Brun of Hess Trumpeter 10 4 More Aria Panto VI alone Squire Coulolla Ding Dalling beauty Blue O Vow ILS, Handicapper KLUANG '1 URI CLUB (IJv 'ItbtrRMii l'noM OUR CORRESPONDENT ) KI MANG, MONDAY The following are the acceptances for the Kerang Races, to be run on the 11th inst - MViDrs 11 viz, Or 0 sons. One mile and a quarter Boroondara flats Gilt Triumphant Queen Elizabeth Kalili for! ev Trump HURDLE RACE Of SO Tom Ino units Slim Jim -lead (to Octopus None J caterer Miivvi murder, Of . Sovs Two girls Annie) Bennetto Whittle Verbena Vlelluieroii Queen -Eilzabeth V onus The I Ut Ula liiuiii)iliai)t 1 bullet StlllM li Mt Of "0 som Ohio mile -and a halt Here Hunt Sol be in Tullamore Annie Innes nallah Kim Inn ( the i Owen trial at Sutton-' Nellie Ivk sprat Gillie Cllllliu units i iiAcnn, I also "0 set s One mile and a half Scliloiu Tiillanioio J Lederer the list Merry Heart till trial of Vera. CR/YNBObliM; RACING CLUB The following nominations were received yesterday at the secretary a office, 100 Bourke street - HARDING' HLnDLriliCE, Oats. says second horse About one tulle and a hat Freeze Out Magnolia Hindoo ito-icru-tiuii Brown did Cnliutu 1 losses Oj erratic Agitation SPRING It 11 RACE, Of 0 fines., for maidens at eight for nee M inner to b -sold for Ovoid fail furlongs Year leigh Harlaiiuy Plain I India Cal ton a CF! .MlOOliM. IUXDICir, Of 40 Sovs One mile Achnict Tloiinio T and Bonnie Scotland The Gift Crown Land l arden!, Stembel c totalled Opcntie si into IIUIIUL. met, Of 40 sons Special ii eights V Inter to be sold for 20 tons At out one mile and a in -for Itosicru. an W Ariell Darkana) lirouiiGiil Canute H MHC to S.K. HKCIHSL, Of -6 sovs second, - nor-. About two miles Great Western Marquis of Water Mirtlwlale Clienter 11 (late font Hindoo Chinese.) Sta; I rVOlFs' BRACELET, First horse, a bracelet valued 20 sovs second A I bracelet valuetllosovs,, third a bacon t valued 3 sons One mile Parwan The Gift Gardenia Linda a StERN. lives It Vcl ClOses W eight (or i Wuieitol sold for 12 sovs. 0 so it is Idalia. 1 nines from Criulimriie not to hand Wagin on Monday in are 1") SALE OF 'HILLTOP Gill! P O H VI LING AMJ (Hill It 1101 sis- I Messrs V I mile and Co brought their autumn sales of vi irons and thoroughbred j In re sent then New market still less to a conclusion yesterday with an ever been seen Lance (It Mr Mitchel s Public yearlings, a very nearly a fair trotter to "st Lownes) was s Hired In Mr M Donne li it TO "unit is h It is "fitting a lull in her trust in nt 1 I (unit s A very are bro m c in his onous-Min. me, Went to Mr TCnppaitt little is lucUci libee park yearlings were then submitted A brown fifty li) New minster-lumrusc was sold to Mr Kennelly it again is Mr J. Scobie got a nice e It 1 ) of a minister League as it "unit is at Mr Aldridge's but only one was so 11, t colt by Walla rule Iro), which went to Mr S Grimwood very can in it 10) "unit is the follow me- but I intend it-. as to the sales On account of Mr J Mitchell Tabletop NSW b) Clorions-inn.ebne, Mr heir will be sent in - 1 articles! In VI Hospital orbit is foreman n am Mr tuna will be 1 Inriou - Illuminate- n Mt Mee Uli li) Mail. month's is We In bl Olonous-Conf mo i vir Hail r li f, b) Glorious-lulu Mrs Griuiiiool Br of by Glorious-Li Bert le ke) toll Mr Weeks Bevis 1) Ilu.hcmliii-I-v lifeline, Mr Lu au Jerome Diddler, his I in, b) Glorious Icrftctloii Mr -hill in ChR-, J was, by IItl"liiiideil-lillv Ml Cripp's br or bk E H filly llii.heiidcu-Hinno June, or early bell On Account of Mr A Chirnside areas) -sevvmiii'sr<i-Hon in Mr stolen b t, by -»elimiustcr-uonstcllution Ali Sampson D f, by even minster-Tru at Mr V necks lir f, by -.cuniin-tci-Irunro_e, Mr M Lea nell) Brt, b) -»eivininstcr-Suiibcui. Mr Chas cock Ch f, by -»oiYiilili-tcr- -Jilliby- Mr S Martin Oil Account of Mr I H Aldridge, feeding Australia By 0, b) AMId Easterling Mr S G Inwood On Account of Various Owners Austral, ch 2yrs-, b) Tubal Clin Vl.si, Mr Cummings hop-pickers, b g, 2yrs by Lipiilist-Id-ilia, Mr Gu_-cns Pot Bouilli h p, 2 yrs, b) _,cc»cr._»it Gruyere, Mr knight . Claudia, lie, J r_, by First kin_-Scnonti, series Grey Moonshee, be 1 via, by General de Vere) - Maria, Mr Meeks . inlet, lr F J ) rs, b) ¡at.Albans-Ilortieulture, Mr T Jones Hippogiilt, be, less, b) Aldinga- Hippoln, Mr A Ferguson St Ellen, ch m, 6 yrs, by St Albina Peter Wilkins mare, Mr Knowles Breeze, ch g, 4 ) as by The buglislliuill CaLspaw.Mr J D Robertson Br c, _ Mrs b) Grand 1 riche Chairman, Mr S Davis Ouilels, b it, is vi-, b) Albany-rd same, Mr Clough Bristol, to be yrs, b) Clifton-house, Mr W Belts Gr t, 15 r, by Purnim-Bull a Leo Mr Clough Monthly ch h, a y rs, by St Allans Imp dance, Mr Wilson kenneth, be a ) yrs, by Maribv monsoons, Mr J Leek Fair day, bar 5 v rs, in Ace of Trumps by outlined Mr Unit ed Cairo, but , yrs, by Goldsbrougll-Tliirea, Mr Allsop Meander br h, aged, by Castle Hill Black Bess, Mr S Grimwood tUUJÏSlNO. SALE. OF GUI-- HOUNDS. Messrs Campbell, Pratt and Co sold. several greyhounds at lurks Bazaar on Monday, the property of Mr (J Usher The following were the si veil lots - North II, first season, by Lnirtb-llritisb Queen, Mr Paton, 7 guineas, white and black dog, same litter, Mr T Aitken, of guineas , J C. Brown, Burns litter, Mr W Aitken, ll guineas, Susan Brown, same later, Mr Rossiter, J guineas; black and white dog, b) The Archer-British Queen, Mr Rossiter, S guineas, red dog, same litter, Mr. Newcomen, '2 guineas ; Princess Royal, second season, by Garth british Queen, Mr Y\r I Robertson, li guineas; British Queen, brood bitch, by 'L'ainvli niser-. Miss Lottie Mr. Rossiter, 2 guineas PI DLSrivUNISM llUMINGHAM HANDICAP The running for the Hurlingham Sheffield was continued yesterday), on Mr A C Cullen grounds, -North Brighton There was a.lar<oattendance The afternoon was cold and we did), but nearly all Die com pctltorsioft in the second round faced the starter, All 1 flounces in the opening heat J Moms caught M Donald, the aboriginal, napping, and just beat him M'llonalfl, who had to side Morris three yards in the heat, passed him, and was close to the tape, when Morris came with a rush!, and before his opponent could each going rain the race was over In the second heat J Smith, iv half cable, hailing from Caulfield, showed a good deal of pace and non The third heat was won easily by V Monaghan, of Newcastle, who ultimately carried off the stake He was never pressed throughout the competition, and was so strong a favourite in the final heat that his friends complained in. they could not get an opportunity to back him. he fully justified the confidence repose his hint by winning as he 111 ed from J Bath, Horse Held, and Morris the latter of whom was put back to o ) area for three breaking from his mark The winner is a very) strongly) built runner, who is noted for the steadiness with which he btaiidsaipon the starting line and for the absence of all arm and body work, by a when he is at his best speedily h is never lieiorewon a state of much importance but hits figured creditably in minor dents in stone) The air i!ic,ciiicuc_ for the competition fell off smoothly), and none of Mr. Cierin.hania decisions studio were called in question The purse will be paid over at du George Hotel, St Kilda on Uni- day) evening- There loving- are the details of the union? - second Round Hrstllcat-I Morris 12 yds, 2, J! M Donald, 10 )ds2,l Kit 14yds, i Won on the tapis limit A foot, Ino yards between second and third. Time, 12sec Second Heat J Smith, 15 yds 4, J M Malone, 10 yds, 2 V Cannon 10 yds, i IVun b) lave) lands, same between second and third Time, 14 co. Third Heat-C Monaghan It yds 1, It their. Melbourne rivals, 3 Won by a yard lourthllcat-V Trcatlreu 10 yds, 1 , J E Ryan, 10 J ils, 2 It VV cods 11 j its, d Won by less than a foot, a vital bets on second and third Time, llBCC Kills Heat- J Robertson, 15 yds, 2 V Coles, beds, -, S 1 lo) d, 15 yds, 3 Won by a yard and between second and third Time, 14sec Sixth Heat 1 Uorscliod, 10 j Is, 1 W. Gilchrist, 12yds 2 H I Taylor, 14 yds 2 C ifin, 10 yds, 3. Won by two feet , baum between second and third Time, 11s Third Round llrstlleat-P Monaghan Newcastle, H view 1 J. Mums Dads 2, J Robertson, southern lights . Won by the yard , a v ntl between second and third, lillie, 38sec Second Heat-H 1 Ilor field, In view 1, I South, Caulfield, in ) 16 -A French M live 30yds" Won by li ill a y tar 1 a ) area between second and third, Time 52sec Final Heat P Monaghan 14 yds, 1 I Sund 15yds 2, H J Morell li 90 yds 2 J Moira flour, 4 Time losses. Wnneabilv by three weeks, a yard between second and third. The second renovators Grand Handicap of 100 Sovs , distance 1 yards, is to lie inn on March -6 and - the entries will close on 1 riel in. March 1 and the two mile ips will up] even the 1 lil in t ( un KI r Geelong C Lamar seat of v Geelong Col! "c -This match was played at Geelong on India), and the former won by livewire ers The score! nearest rain in a school, UJ and 7 for fin was ill cts College, a and b Main and Macarthur re pectively cat) named the team v ticket weekly between Kew High School and Iticnk college took j 1 tee on the day, on the Kew Asylum ground which resulted I in an en j victory for the Kew 11 g h school the scores were- Kew High School 8-1, toorak colle c (i 1 principal scorers for Kew High School, Al up to Murnson r0, Annie I ) 1 milling 21, In the ', ! nebo t 14 not out, railing. 1 Cirterll.toi to erect ( sill E, M luncheon 14, an 1 Kennedy 11 Vance and Morrison looked well for Hills, the former obtaining five men is for . in, the latter four for 24 PIG! ON SIIOOIIAI. ¡iirLliOURNL GUN CLUB The Club Chu deluge Cup will be sent for to day, Mr. J 6 1 c] pin having cb attended Mr V It Hills the picscutliuhlir He bade) t ii n 11 ri sovs attached thereto is open to any men is r of the club HUI LINGI! AM I ROUNDS In consequent of the Mail Contract and Club shooting to-day Mr Cullen has po turned the Miller Trophy, with a 2 sovs bales] stake, little Wednesday, until CM. I IM. As the Sydney entries for the for incoming cycling meeting to be in 1 on the M C C round did not is come by Tutuila is Past the li handicaps could not be issued on Monday They will a] a car or on the ethics 1 iv twenty fluorides streaming from Sydney to 101 pete and there is expected (O li a seat court st he tuceibhaeklefotil Wooitsidut)), Dwyer ! lists and other The mean. Is total u place on Saturday, Maiden Sl'OR'flNG 11 LCGRAMS (1 TOM Oint Com LsroNDENi ) Sir VVVI^LL, MONDAY. Xjpwnrdsot -50 entries have been received up to the present ! Mr J H burton, the secretary) of the Stawell Athletic Club, for the sports to be held here at Easter for the Easter Gift Publicans Purse, Ladies Purse, and Ladies bracelet, over 50 entries have been received love to li and for the mile and half mile t vents may 12 Mr Martin Roenfeldt, of Stawell, and Mr. Charles 1 one, of Ararat, at tried this morning on an overland tour to Sydney, Mr Thorn left riding in Cheilesinore travels, and Mr. Linen clubmates) block 'The excursionists) intend devoting one month to the trip 