Political. PARLIAMENTARY PICKINGS. (By 'Piekax.') Some witless journalist took upon himself to, announce that there would not be a quornmpre-. sent when the Speaker took the chair on Wed nesday, and that consequently the Houee would be counted out. This was not improbably the same gentleman who, a few months ago, kindly undertook the job of forming- several Ministries, and was called impudent and Iknghsd at for his pains. For it was evident to everyone that there was not likely to be a count out on Wednesday. In the first place, the bread-basket party and Mr. Clarke did not want a count ont on their hay and corn and potato mo- : tion, and the Government, it being aGovernmentnight, was bound to try and keep a House ; and, finally, Mr. Abigail and the Edith O'Gorman party, who scorn such vanities as races for cups, were held by honor to see that the adjournment to; 7 o'clock, which they had successfully opposed, should not be carried in effect by a count out. So that when the bell rung and the Speaker took the chair he faced full forty members, or double the number required to conduct tbe business of the people constitutionally. But, alas! for many of them, it was evident that, like the dying Dacian, their senses were with their thoughts, and that was not very far away; only so far as Hand wick racecourse, where Cerise and Blue had' carried her owner's colors to victory. This gave more than one member a far off, dreamy kind of look. This was more especially the case with those unfortunate members who had to ask 'questions on behalf of others absent seeing the Cup run for. To this House Sir Henry Parkes addressed him self on the old question of free trade and protection. He began with &n; agreeable anecdote illustrative of the evil effects of spasmodic or accidental legisla tion which told how, in consequence of a siliy person from California haying presented a pistol at a mem ber of the Australian Club, a law had been passed in New South Wales making it illegal for anyone to carry arms. This anecdote he related with a fine forgetfulnesa of the Treason Felony Bill, of what he and a now eminent (in his own eyes) journalist did when the lunatic p'Farreli was in gaol, and of that remarkable apparition, the Kisma ghost. Then he proceeded to ' dig ' at Mr. W. Clarke, Mr. H. Taylor assisting his chief by sitting beside Mr. Clarke, and inviting bis particular attention to everything Sir Henry said about him. As' the negro man said of the gentleman who washed hi3 wounds in salt water, 'This was indeed kindness.' Saving paid a jnst tribute to the merits of 'M.:Tear,' deceased,Siately President of the French Eepublic, Sir Henry Parkes, to the joy of the House, fell upon and politically slew The O'Sulli van. Tet the question arose, whether the game in this case was wortu the candle. Breaking a beauti ful butterfly like The O' Sullivan is an ignoble form of sport. When Sir Henry Parkes declined to quote any thing that Mr. Clarke might have said in 1859, a vision presented itself to members of a very young gentleman lecturing his fellows on the rates of interest to be charged for lending out marbles. It may be noticed that when Sir Henry Parkes had ceased his thunder against The O! Sullivan Mr. Baker, who is now the learned man of the House quoted, with a fine appreciation of the subject matter of Mr. W.Clarke's motion, the Danish saying, 'Lokihas sown his wild cats.' Mr. Heydon followed Sir Henry Parkes, and as many members as could go and still leave a quorum present went to tea. Mr. Heydon tries hard to be interesting, but never succeeds. Dismal, rueful, dull, gloomy, none of these words sufficiently characterises the intense woefulness of bis utterances. Even when he described himself as ?fighting Larry Poley, or running L alone, situations as truly comic as would be furnished by Bishop Barry appearing in opera bouffe, or Cardinal Moran dancing a cancan, not a soul as much as smiled. Mr. Heydon finished at a quarter before 7 o'clock, and Mr. J. H. Young following had to fill up the fifteen miserable minutes before the adjournment for tea, tbongh he sadly pleaded for an adjournment at the moment. After tea he plodded his weary way while twenty-two members read the fourth edition of the Evening News, or discussed Cerise and Blue's chance for the Handicap, and the reporters rrad French novels or went to sleep. The House filling up, Mr. C. .1 . Boberts said ditto to all Mr. See had said on Wednesday night last. This rather annoyed several members to whom remembering anything in any circumstances requires the performance of a* difficult feat in mnemonics. Mr. Baker then rising to teil us something about his youth upward, people in the gallery seized their hats, and looking over their shoulders, shuddered as they went out. Just here Mr. O Connor came in, and somewhat detracted from the effect of what Mr. Baker was saying by describing the race for the Cup to Sir John Biobertson, accompanying himself by expressive pantomime, which he who ran could read. Mr. Baker decided to vote for the tax on imported cereals for the same reaeon that Captain Marryat's hand maiden »xcused her little accident. She pleaded, it will be remembered, that it was 'suah a little one.' Mr. Baker also justified his political existence by saying that liberty had nothing to do with in telligence. To Mr. Baker succeeded Mr. Hogan, who in mellifious language, and with an accent which would, have done credit to an Inca of Peru, went in for the Hay and Corn policy. The other Clarke then supported the only Clarke, and Mr. Tngiig related his experiences in hunting tigers in the Tweed .River, jungles. He also wanted indigo, turmeric, sessamon. and other things cultivated in New South Wales - Mr. Creer, inquiring of Mr. Travers Jones what ses samon was, was told that it was the Hindoo name for red cabbage. Amid cries of ''question" and the solemn Efdr of members leaving the chamber, Mr. Forsyth spoke for haif an hour, while no one listened. He asserted as a matter of fact that indigo was produced in India, and nobody contradicted him. Dr. Boss inflicted himself upon the patience of the House whilst he explained why he could not give a silent vote for protection. Mr. Dibbs, like most of the speakers who had preceded him, desired to say a few wcrdE on the question, and proceeded to say a good many words in favor of free trade. Mr. Dibbs was understood to speak for the rest of the Ministers, who prompted him assiduously and continuously. Messrs. Bolton, Burke, Suther land, and Hammond having contributed to the wisdom of the debate, a division was taken, and Mr. M. Clarke's motion was rejected by a Large mnjorxty. Mr. Slattery has kindly taken the somewhat difficult task of making proper provision for the Aus tralian naval defence out cf the hands of Admiral Tryon, Sir Patrick Jennings, and Messrs. Gillies and Griffith. On Friday next he intends, if he should get a chance, to move that the House resolve itself into a committee of the whole to consider the fol lowing resolution : — That, in the opinion of this House, this colony, as well as all British dependen cies enjoying responsible Government, should each contribute an equitable sum annually toward the ex penses of the army and navy of Great Britain and Ireland, in order not only to relieve the taxpayers of the mother country trom farther payments by them for aad on aaeount of the inestimable services ren dered by the army and navy^in the protection of the lives and properties of her Majesty's subjects in this and the said dependencies, but as a just contribution toward such expenditure from a loyal people. The committee appointed at an Opposition meeting last week to endeavor to bring about a reconciliation between Sir John and Sir Henry will report progress to another meeting to be held this afternoon. It is said that, the progress which will be reported can be best described either as '* advancing backward, ' or as 'a snail's gallop.' An important Cabinet meeting began at 12.30 p.m. to-day. Of course, Ministers when asked what it was all about, profesBed that they really did not; know. ' But, as a matter of fact, it was all about the New Hebrides. The members of the Water Conservation Com mission waited upon the Minister of Works this morning in reference to the conference with the Vic torian commissioners, and arranged for the attitude to betaken on that occasion. What Wm. They Do With Theie Boys. — A deputation from the Melbourne Discharged Prisoners' Aid Society waited on the Chief Secretary for Vic toria, on Wednesday, and received a promise that he should caerfolly consider the expediency of introduc ing a probationary system of dealing with young criminals. IitNESs O3? Majos Nobsis. — On Wednesday evening Major Norris, adjutant of the Second Segi ment, was taken suddenly ill with enteric fever. He was' removed to his residence in Ashfield as soon as possible. This morning -we hear that bis condition generally was much improved. Amending Laud Bill.— The Minister of Lands (Mr. Copeland) leturned to Sydney to-day^ from Katoomba, where, it is said, he has been busily en gaged since Friday last in drafting the Amending Land Bill, which he proposes to submit to Parliament hortly. The Under-fceoretary, Mr. Oliver, also re timed to-day from hie trip to Hay. A Howx. ov Ikkigkation.— The Land Board has been sitting in Hay this week. It is doubtful whether persons who have taken up land, especially homestead leases, will go on owinjr to their not having been put in possession at the proper timer An intense feeling of indignation exiatB on the subject, Mr.Oopelandis regarded in the district as the most unpopular Land WiniRter who has ever reigned in the colony. .His idea of obtaining high rents from men who have had their land.e&ten; off through the Survey Department's delay, and from men who have lost all their fltookjie looked upon bb the essence of jabsurdity. The ??waole^pastopal community In Hay oin in the condemnation of Mr. Copaland'e ig&oriuiee; * if the 4oBlombl« state «f the western conntry; 