j THE UNF.QjUAL YOKE. ! Feom the Esgi isit Ieu'stiutfu Magazinb CHAPTER X.-(CovnNTF.o\ \r. i . , , .... Oa/1 uvea Jor tunny ycsiv "i a quiet nook n the verv heart of the noisiest part of London. ' It 'was too' near Whitehall, far too near, for health, hut the convenience of the rooms and their central po;i- tiou were too fascinating to be resisted. He possessed a little suite of apartments in a private hofe). l-.»# , ..... , . , , » "iuii who i:m once h,s father's butler and who h.id married old Mrs. Lcvoiicroun's maid: and these re- spccta.de people waited on him with great puuctilio. His windows looked out on the paved blind street that ended in his house, and though Strand was within gunshot of "tin, as ib« ;row is shot, he linrdlv heard a murmur of that, great volume of sound, trunks hansom, as he rattled to the 'door was quite an evt.at fiJ „10 fiK.nt n,|.lk..s.lc At dinner, whieh the two friends ate alone, ran v. spirits rose n- au .ebullient pitch. He laughed and gesticulated, told good ones, ana maue bad pons without inter mission, except that he became sober' once when Lcroncronn mentioned Jnue, iusf as a person in high spirits will pause lor a few instants for decorum's sake, when a person is named who has >, died. He drank Levoncroua's cxcellc " Jiurguudv until the older man ,ut it to hr discreet to offer him no more of it. But Frank was just as copious in his mirth when ' the wine was cleared nwav, and tlicv sat. nn each side of the fire with cotre. and a c>ar. It became verv dark prematurely, with a yellow fog, not so much douse as heavv, a cauop v. "not" a blanket, so the they drew- tho blinds down early ami lit the candles. Frank now sud- nenly nsked le.ive to write some letters : and that ho might be quite . ease Jlr. Lcyon- crona lighted the fire and t7» "as in a little Further room, which opeuc-- : :-o n'slit of a hed- room, where Frc.k was to sleep, and left him As he was cjming 11. irom Brighton he had resolved to write it— the fatal letter that with a sharp cut of pain should ear him off from the vngno burden of appreln-rs'on which lie curried about with him. What a letter that was to write ! lie made a dozen drafts of it, and none w ould do. His liagers were icy-cold, and would scarcely hold the pen. He went, to tho blind and peeped out. Through an atmosphere the color of brown soup he dimly saw the blind, head of the st.eof, aud three lamps, but do human flcmra was in sight. He looked at his watch." If no one came into the triangular area lighted by ihe lamps within one minute he would start ofl to spend the evening with Jane : if any one did. he would write the letter. His feverish face was pressed against the frozen pane. At nftv seconds there came a sound of "trauip, tramp" upon the pavement. strum: s Heart beat last ; at fifty-five seconds a polieenian. beating his arm's together lo warm himself, appeared round tho further lamp-post, and took up his station just within the magic enclosure. Frank went back to the table, aud wrote the following Jiues, without hesitation or erasure : Dear Jane, — I am afraid it will give vou great pain to read this letter. You will hiivs' wondered, why I have allowed a whole week to claps without coming to see you, or writing to yon. Thank you for your letter, but I must tell 'vou that 1 have uot opened it — i did not dare' bo. 1 hardly know how to find -.voids to tell you why. \ on will ihink me eo cruel, so ungrate ful, so unworthy of you. Indeed I «nd"l urn unworthy of you. I cannot ifiakc invself believe that I might, io let yon b, my wife,- For some time past I have bent very tmfiappv, questioning myself whether 1 doireallv iove you ns yon ought lo bo loved. I have conn to thu conclusion that I do not, and as 1 do imt wish that we should be unhappy all onr lire«, I think that, it is right to tell vou so Yoit will norer know how much I admirs you, and respect yo<\\. I thiuk vim feci. i am afraiu that is it— v.-a rfe too por ted for me. 1 wish von >_ u.M see how humbled I am, and how n-i. - ' ., mv--elf But 1 caunot help thinking I every cue will agree that it is best j„t hull j0 |mve found out the truth thus ear! v. ; course 1 need hardly say ibut 11 - '1 think it would be right for us to in.-1: - ' ' e willing do so. 1 hope yo.i !! al.. irs allow me to consider yoti as a frioiul. lours verv sincerelv, faa>h. ( efi.eri. Having sealed Hid stamped fhi- pislle, hi thrust it into (be breast of Lr ivif, mid peeping into tie other room, rr nlmd to Lcroncronn tint he was goiug to h„ post His friend milled flail. <!„. l.,.„u.. u a ttUlliU do thut. u|)t'ii vhick Capulett rout;.; jyd that lie thouglii he slmuld take a liiti,- ,m,| might he Jorrow the lulch kov ? -,t,. 1 witli this imploucnt. lie descended into tn- night Ho fmiui himself buoy.-" up l„- tl Itrmgr excitement when ho so., .villi tl," ' „m door closed behind lnm n.» . \--e» V\ l MILK enou»A lo be bewildering or dangc ti« fie made his way up i„to the St:,,,,.! . M.| wandered up into tlie citv. All shops, theatres, music hulls and lesisEru- - wore shit, so thut the great nightlv thorniu '.i,ue of pleasure wns as mutn and mournful a- on a Sunday morning. lie mi.s«ed the glare of the dramatic lamps, the colore! ban, Is . 0f u,. luminous advertisements. All was as dull aud heavy as tlm '-..wpl. ,)1C streets only peopled bv a few wai -re like himself, aud a huudluT of wretches o h no home to go to. No sok ers, no iiie»engers, no milliners girls, no coMcrmongrre, we-e to lie seen. The very thieves ami street walkers had Christmas dinners to eat, jovial meats of some kinds tu fulfil. H„ p.. .: ai U(1 into the Arabian solitude of ihe c-' ' where a treble silence leagued Cz' „ a kej unto cat across a desolate thorougl.f .r.. w'udj in 12 hours' lime would be glutted to 1 -ist- ing with the trullic ol the world. He j ed across St. l'aui's Cliuiclivard. mid gi/nj . „ ut the vast aud shadowy cathedral to. , r- iug into the inane void of night. ,r. ugh tiie Old Jewry lie passed somehow iu'<> J i -h burv. and saw the stolid nm«s of Ihe ' ink of England from behind. Here agaiu 'h-e hjs a ihiu concourse ot passers-bv. aud he I iifut/ a vvurlli cf I'vimr men: but. reoU I into !»> ourrel Imnseli hi-mmcd iu Willi t|1/c"tllrous enclosure ol Ausliu Fi. rj, souudles3 fl'usr'ics frowuiug at lnm, in a ai - tuilP tllut Mas liunt>i'tnitij> A„,| i tue lG'»"x « l'auic took hi.,??"1 CLt ILOr,: Jo"ic- iu this Vlb"1 le W0UM l' "il hMteneato L , r,,,th of «" V. ho Uiemain ar":,U- ."T of the pulse oi" ' 'll-'r were begiuaing to\ , ' ' ll,! the letter to Jttu,. "I'' t,"'> Whenever he thought ol h'"f W 'V ' bun like a hot iron, and w , 'Ukl'J "ar was not until )le „„< in " '-v. s . to the tuni ng that led down re 1 ' y" J'uei, that be lee!.. " . 1-"-u'R'roll . owned out of the darkness, ii . re. ' letter stiiMini.. a, . JJ ' 1 U. inr. t iff:© a guilty sehoirfboy. In Lercucronu't? a. light but what proceeded" f.oTl \- the tab',. —v. Kuino Ja tile PTiirp r — r make yourself comfortable I noPeJuH baring souoto bT'0rtable and cscn-; my .... dressing gown rouHd bii 'should WUh lamp close by him threw a strong light over his pleasant countenance. Frank sat down, with his overcoat stVH on, at the foot of the bed. " So you have not goue to sleep. Do you always make a little Bodloiau of your bed in this way ?" " I don't like having to get out of bed when I am once snug, so I think beforehand of all my literary wants. How did you fiud everybody at Kilburu ?" " I have not been at Kilbnru," said Frank, with a kind of giggle. I bog your pardon for taking that for granted, but I realy couldn't think of any other place where you coufd go on Christmas night. You might have stopped aud played picquet with me." There was a slight pause, while Leyoncrona furtively glauced aguiu towards the open book he bad been reading. He would fain have finished tho interesting page. Frank said at last, whirling his hat round his fiugers as he did so : " I have only been strolling round. I wanted to bo by myself ruther. I wanted to think something out." Leyoncrona shut the book and pushed it from him; he awaited tho obvious confidence that was coming. "I expect you know tlmt 1 have .something onmymiudthat bothers me?" said Frank. Well, I can't exactly say that I do, or that I don't. 1 thought so two or three days ago, but to-day I thought you must have got all right agaiu." 41 Of course, I dare say you cau't very well uuderstaud about lovers, as you haven't been in love youreclf." u Tbat a very bold assumption, my vouug friend," said Leyoncrona,. " and the sort of one that you'll grow out of the habit of waking. You give mo the rigid to turn and rend you, and so I will allow myself to say that I don't cousider you nt all the ideal lover yourself. When I do fall in love, to carry ou your infereuce, I hope I shall seem to liko it better than you do." ' Ah 1 then you have noticed that I dou't seem to like it very much?" said Frank, who was not in the loost offended. "You had better tell rao what it is that I don't know about lovers. Novcr inind what I havo noticed." 'Well, don't you believe in a secret sym pathy, and tbe right peoplo being irresistibly drawn together, aud all that, a sort of \ V oh I vcrwan tltsch aft< don't you know?" 41 Do I believe in it!" said Leyoncrona. "Partly I do, and partly I don't. I think it is a very delightful thing where it occurs, but it does not always wear welt ; nnd for my own part, I fancy that some of the happiest matches iu the world have growu out of some thing Hke mutual aversiou, indifference at all events, at first meeting." 44 But if there is a sudden liking nt first, and it gets weaker and weaker, that is not :i happy sort of afiluity, is it ?" 44 No, that is not a fortunate conjunction certainly," admitted Loyoucrona. 44 You had better say right out what- yon arc driving at." There was again a pause, and then Frank said, being himself in darkness, but conscious of his friend's brightly illuminated eye resting npouhim : 44 1 am most awfully tired of my engage ment." This struck hint as a very crude thing to havo said, uud he rapidly added, 44 1 don't feel at all sure Hint it will make cither of us happy." Leyoncrona was silent so loug that Frunk grew quite nervous. "I wish you would toll 1110 what you fhiuk. " 4 Beally," answered Leyoncrona, 44 1 can't take tho responsibility of telling you what I think. I think so many things. You see I have never been in love." 14 Qh, I wish you wouldu't chaff, old man. You know 1 think so much of your advice. I really came up to-dny to ask what you thought I ought to do. One can't help feeling wther queer about it. It seems so unkind to the girl." ,4lt is very thoughtful of you to consider her feelings, I am sure," said Leyoncrona. 44 Oh, you needn't suub mo like that. 1 am perfectly conscious how awkward it is : but I think it will b right for Iier sake to break it off " 44 1 see you spcAk in the future tense," said Leyoncrona, 44 so M)0 whole thing is not settled yet ? It would be very liko what young people do if you had broken off tho engagement before you asked my advice.1' 44 Oh, no, it is not settled yet," said Frauk, prevaricating, and thinking of tho letter which still lay in tho pillar box 4 4 That removes a great difficulty from my mind," said Leyoncrona, 44 and I fool much more free to talk to yon ubout it. If you had already broken off the affair it would have been too late, hut us it is. one can reason with you. Now, in the first place, howover little you caro for hci\ Miss Baxter is in love with you. is she not r" 44 Oh, yes," said Frank, reduced to a con dition of abject nervous misery, 'udio's most awfully fond of me." 44 Well, then ! But first of all I n'ill reveal to you your own guilty plan. You have been walking about the streets concocting «, jilting letter, and now you have come in with the in tention of writing it, and of goiug out agaiu to post it, You shall do nothing of tho kind. Give me up the latch key aud take off your groat conl, nnd hnitg up your IW, for I shall not allow you to go out nguin lo- night. " i'rirnk acceded io this with alacrity. V.'hciv ho came back, Leyoncrona continued — "If you really want ray advice, it . is this. You positively nrc bound as a gentleman to remember that it was yon nud not Miss Baxter who proposed and urgedrthe alliniicc. So that it seems to me that you are not at' liberty to think entirely of your own feelings io the matter." "But I should mnko n very bad lmslinnd if I married a wife f did uot lore," said Frank. "I feel that. But are you quite sure that you aro incapable of loviug bcr 1J" " Yes. quite." ' ' Perhaps you have seen somebody else who takes-your fancy more?" "No, 1- assure you 1 Itnvo uot. ft is sheer incompatibility of tempcrnijumt." "That, I take it, is putting it in the very strongest possible words. But whatever you feel, 1 think it will be cowardly to write a letter. It is much harder arid mure <1\. . agree able to talk of such u matter face to face, aud you ought to be punished for. being so rush bv not being spared a siuglo disagreeable fact, I can assure yon you will not find it n comfort- nblo thing to jilt a young lady, and I am suro an ought' not to find it so." ' You aro rather unsympathetic, Leyon crona ; 1 thought you would havo approved uf my breaking it off. I am sure it is very im moral to go ou pretending to love a girl when yon no longer care about bcr ut all " "I do uot wish to be unsympathetic. I feel exceedingly puzzled to know what is right and what is wrong in sucli u case. But I cannot help thinking more about the girl than about you, aud if the crisis must come I tell yon frankly that I should like it to bring the maximum of punishment to you and the minimum to ber." " I fail to seo why there should bo any punishment on cither side. I am sorry I told you anything about it. I had uo idea von would be so testy. So now I will say good night.4' And lie went to bed much easier in this irnnd thau he left Mr. Leyoncrona, who nevertheless had neither prevaricated, nor written a selfish letter, nor betrayed the traditions of his class. But it is the privilege of youth to be callous. CHAPTEB XI. It was the custom ut Coustontine Villas for the whole household io unite in prayers v' r ' - ' directly after breakfast was over, in ilic old ' fashion. On Boxing Bay there "was so great ii mass oi work for the postman to do that tho morning distribution of letters was dc- lnycd by more than u:i hour. Accordingly, instead of their finding their correspondence by their plates when they cainc down to breakfast, the housemaid brought tbe letters in when she and the cook answered the summons to "worship." It would have been con trary to all rules and regulations to opeu a letter at the moment when Dr. Baxter was arranging the large silk marker iu his Bible, and actually giviug his preliminary cough, so all that Jaue could do was to tilt her correspondence against her tea enp and try to guess what was iu it by furtively cxaminiug the addresses. There was a thin stiff envelope, evidently containing a Christmas card, and a largo soft envelope, probably contniuiug a bill ; and finally there was Frank's letter, which wc have taken the liberty of reading. It seemed to Jane us though she were sus pended between the ceiliug and the floor, aud deprived of nil ber weight. She tried to sit perfectly still in a sort of drcudlul patience, nud the blood once suffused Iter whole face, ns she put aside a sudden teinpla- tion to set all laws of decorum at deliuuce, and snatch her letter there and then, reading it in tho face of the prim, shy maids, and her own scandalised sisters and bewildered father. It scarcely seemed possible tbut any portion of the Epistle to tho Colossinns could be so long, so beset with knotty points, so qualified for interminable exposition, as that which they happened to have reached in that day's reading. However, everything conies to an cud at last, aud as the whole company rose and turned to kneel upon the floor, with their foreheads against tlie backs of their chairs, .fuuo was so far curried away by her excite ment that she grasped Frank's letter as she was in the act of revolving ; uud set herself very slowly and silontly to open it uuseeu. Tlie very first words startled ber so much that she pushed it into its envelope again, aud that into her pocket, aud during tlie remainder of her futhcr's loug prayer she knelt there motion less. She was in such n fever of spirit, so con scious of lier restlessness, that she took care to be tho last to rise when the devotion was over. Aud then slto rushed uway to her own room. Iu a largo nnd active family it is very difficult to assert the right that trouble has to solitude aud consideration. Jaue (elt tbat she would give anything io be able to spend one wltoio hour undisturbed, unpcrceived — ono hour in which to lucusuro the distance between the present uud tho past. But she hud linrdly stood three minutes at tho window, reading and re-reading this agitating appeal of Frank's before tho servants walked in to make her bed, aud she was tlmiikful to bo able to oscapo from tbein without speaking. Slio stood on the lauding irresolute, for the house seemed full of the noises of life, lior mother shouting to her father, her brothers whistling, her sisters cl attering an the stairs. She escaped into a little cheerless room, hiiug round with miniatures and virginal nic- uacs from her mother's maiden days, which was called Mrs. Baxter's bottdoir, and which nobody ever used. Slio sat dowu ou the decrepit little sofa, the unsympathetic glazed chintz of which crackled uuder her. Site read Frank's letter two or three times more, nud then put it dowu on lier lop, and gazed blankly. 'at the row of daguerreotypes ou tho opposite wall. At this moment tho door was softly opened, and Iter sister Saliio pooped in, aud dis appeared again, without attracting Jane's attention ; and iu a minute or two, iu con sequent of Sullio's report over tlie stuirs of " You'd better go right up to June, mother, iu your boudoir," Mrs. Baxter came gently in, and vexed the broken springs of her little sofit with the addition of her substantial weight. Neither said anything, but Jaue pussed Frank's letter to Iter mother, and took bcr hand. Tliu letter was very slowly read, with much nervous adjustment oi spec tacles, nnd thou laid again in Jane's lap by a very trembling blind. Tbe old lady's eyes were full of tears, nud she drew lier daughter's head close to lier own and kissed her two or thrco times. Aud then she rose, nud from uiidcrueatli the sofa cushion, where it lay folded up, she dragged out nu enormous old Scotch shawl, and wrapped it round them both, for lucre was nu preparation for fire in the grate. June laid her head against her mother's shoulder , and listened to Mrs. Baxter's soft weeping. Neither had hitherto spoken a word, but at Inst Mrs. Baxter whispered : " Let your tears come, sweetie ; it will do you good to cry." "I dou't waut to cry at all, mother," an swered Jaue iu her ttsunl voice. "I feel so be wildered, that is all. 1 seem to want a little time to collect my thoughts." " Bid you expect this letter in any way?' " No, not in the least." " What do you thiuk has made him write it?" " 1 don't know what to think." "Did you have any quarrel when you last met?" " Oh, no!" "Bo you know that there is any one else whom he likes l etter than you ?.' "1 do not tliiuk so. T thiuk it is himself that he likes best," Jauo answered, with a ghost of a smile. "Ah, yes, dear I But that is nothing strange. All the incu liko themselves besr. even the very nicest of them— ouly some of them have such a pretty way of shooing it." "He had a pretty way, rather, hadn't he?" " I never thought that lie hnd quite n lover's way with him. Ho always seetued very cool uud collected," said Mrs. Baxter. ' I think I liked that itt him. It seemed to leave my thoughts tree for other thiugs. " " I'evhaps, dear, you were not in love with him citlic, aud you both tniule a mistake." " 1 wonder whether wo did." " He luted uot have written you such a cruel, cold letter. He must be very selfish. 1 feel as if f should like to tell hint so to bis luce." « I ant not suro," said Jaue, sitting up as erectly as bcr mummified condition iu the shawl would allow her to do, " I am not sure that he picant it to be at all an unkiud letter. Ha is nbt unkiud by nature. But he is very young. Bo you know, mother, it used to be so curious to mo that although he is so much older than I am, and cleverer, nud lias seen so much more of the world, he always seemed to mo so very young — his opiuious aud his wars of looking at things 1 menu. Otteu I used to say nothing at ail, because I felt that I could not make liim understand me. Now it seems to me that what strikes us as unkind in this letter is merely inexperience. Uo wants very, badly to get froe, and he doesn't know enough to know what a very little bint would have been sufficient. Ho sliouts at me when lie need only have whispered." What made you so determined to have him, dearie, if you won't think it intrusive of tue to ask you ?" " Well, mother, he got a sort of power over me. if you will promise uover to tell anvbodv I will try and explain it to you. It was very curious. You know tbat first day when be pulled me out of tbe canal with his two bauds ? Well, his hands seemed to take possession of mine for a minute, aud — I never felt anything like it before it seemed as if it gave liim a power over me. And when ever I was with him those first weeks, and bo spoke directly o me with that coaxing voico of his, I felt my little hauds in his grip. That sounds liko real nonsense, doesn't it, mother ? I never put it into words before, and now I have said it it sounds like a (beam. But I think tho real reason why I said ' yes ' to ltiut, aud why I stuck to it when you nntl father wanted mc to break it off was because I thought I could be blessed to his soul. You know 1 should never think it right to many anybody just ou such a chance, bnt when he proposed to me that Sunday, I liked him very well already, aud he said that he loved mc so much, and looked down at me itt the way that made me feol the grip of his Imndn, as I was explain ing to von : and then it was that ho said that I should bo such a blessing to him. I thought that it was Ihe Lord's voice to me, perhaps." " Then did you afterwards change your mind about it ? " 44 It seems to mc rather that Frank — that Mr. Capulett changed his mind. How odd it sounds to say Mr. Capulett again ! Gradu- nliy hp said less and less about his sonl, anil my good influence ou him. And I ceased to have a good influence. Ho made me worldly instead of inv making liim spiritually minded. It feds too hot in this shawl ; let mc wrap it all round you, mother." Aud Jane got up, uud paced about the room. Presently she said : " I dou't blame him or anybody, but I wish it had never happened. It makes mo all on n tlnmo when 1 think that somebody has kissed mo who will never be anything to mo but Mr. Cnpulolt, There is where I say ho is so young, 1 think an older man, even if be ware much harder hearted, would have remembered when ho wrote that letter how it would humiliate me to think of the past. I suppose it does not matter to liim — the past. We do not know much about men, do we, mother, you aud I ? .1 suppose lie iloesu't feel ns if lie were going mad when lie remembers (lint 1 luivo kissed him. There, I shall never speak of that again, even to you, mother ; but I think it won't be quite iso terrible now 1 liave said it once. Have you noticed that wo can bear things so much better when one lias talked about them ? At least, I find I always can." 44 And now, what, oughc wo to do next, dearie?" \ "1 don't quite know. How4 very much less dreadful it would be if there wv.s notliiug that bad to be done. It is like bavin, g a dead body in tho houso. There i3 not only tho loss, but there is tlie liorror of it, nutV the under takers to talk to nnd the mourning fp order, and the funorul." ' " Aud everybody's pitv, too." ' "Yes, everybody's pity, that wb'l bo the worst thing of all to bear. I think' I could bear that bettor if I bad loved him titore. I sliull feel a sort of hypocrite. By tin 1 way, mother dear, you must tell father, please', aud brothers aud sisters, and you must explai n to them that they must uot treat me ns if I had lost anything thut I valued very ranch. V'he kindest thing they can do is to take no noti ce nt all. 1 havo not got to nuswer this Ictta", mother, have 1 ?" i " Well, I suppose you ought to send back nU his letters." " Excopt this oue ; I think it would look re- vcugcful if I seut hack this oue." "And his presents," said Mrs, Baxter. " Y es, his presents. Timt is what they do in novels. The Lady Gonoria places the diamond necklaces aud rich brocades in a golden coffer which lias been the repository of his sumptuous offerings, Mr. Capulett hasn't given me many diamond necklaces. Let mo see. He gave mc a volume cf selections from Mrs. Ilemaus, and a stylographic pen, nnd n great many boxes of sweets. All I and a seal that belonged to his grandmother. Aud several pieces of music. I have eaten the sweets and lost the pen. Wc can hardly make up a parcel of the book and tho music aud the seal, 1 think wo must waive tho custom of sending back tlie presents, I tliiuk it would almost look spite ful. Do you think bis peoplo will take any notice?" "I was just wondering whether your father ought to write to old Mr. Capulett, just to ex postulate. I have so little experience iu the ways of the world." ' J think, mother, you bad better ask Jack about it, Only, I will not have anything said or written without nty knowledge. And it must not bo vindictive iu auy way, nor give the very least idea that I ant sorry, uud wish it all otherwise." " Would von not take him back agaiu, dearie, if lie came aud said he was sorry, uud asked you to forgive hiui ?" Olt I 1 should forgive him at once, but that thing could never be again ; never, ttcvor. Y'ou must uuderstaud once for all tlmt there js not a man iu the whole world that 1 should so little ttiitik of marrying as Mr. Capulett. There are some things that cannot even be discussed, and this is one of them. Aud now you must fit there, with tbe shawl wrapped round your shoulders, for live minutes more, while I slip out and put my tilings ou, for 1 am going for u loug, long walk. I shall take care to be back again by dinner time, and i hen I hope that everybody will havo discussed it and discussed it, and be ready to talk about something else." This she did ; and stole out successfully j unperceived. She wall ed away and away iu | a north-westerly direction till she bad left Loudon far behind ber. ;To EC CoNTiXl'IU). j 