Mm C) IL, W, M.A. 11T D OLDEN TIME. (B. Bzr±.) The leader in this issue of the Guardian is a prolongation of the same subject-" No one can read over the proceedings in the cohncil- without being pleased with the vast improvement that hbe taken place in its proceedings. The absence of His Excellency is so observable an alteration for the better that it is surprising that his presence was not found a greater burden in. the old council. It was not that the Governor said anything remarkably false, or that his speeches were not generally good, but they were so frequent, and he usually bad so much to, say upon every question before the luacil, tbhi he used to deluge the: prooedings(with :hi?i?ubilityr was iacessantly;spEiag?i?H e,,iust ,ave kdve tohear hinselfspeafk." 6 fi s our district s concered in his administration, there is nothing so observable about uh as his wordy policy. We have his estimated jetty, his promised court house and gaol, his loon talked of custom house, and we know not how many other things :beside all in words, words. Words; woids; no piles; no stones; no bricks; no timber; no cash; all wind and empty proujise. These things were words in the estimates of 8s4r, they e3ntinued words thoughiont 1842, and they remain words until the present hour. We had estimates enough, both public and private plans, and slieci. fiSations, and committees and consultations, but every one hitherto has ended in wolds. In the number Septesber 30 a visit from the B;shop is expec.'d 'The Right Rev. the Lord Blishop ,f Australia is ex pected within a few days to pay this 'or tion of his diocese a visitation. We lave not heard whether it is his lordship's inten tion to ho'd a confirmation, but we should. presume from a preoious intimation of;the Rev. J. Y. Wilson that such must be his purpose. The inhabitants of Portland will at once esteem his visit an, honor and a .spiritasl privilege which ..they can but seldom enjoy,=- and we are sure they will not pmrove unworthy the bestowal of either. The probability is that IHisLdrd ship, in proceeding to South Australia,'will put into our bay. The arrival:of the Sally Ann will furnimsh us with more definite particulars." When we consider the im mense size of the diocese of the'Bishop of Australia, comprising as it did New South Wales, Port Phillip, and South Australia, and the poor facilities in those days for travelling, we must feel assured that the bishop's lines were not cast in very pleasant places," . "Estimates.-In the eslimates of 1844. in aldition to our present sub-collector of customs at a salary of £soo per annum, a clerk at £120 is to be employed at Port land in the eustoms, and the sickly 'old song of boat's crew of five men is chanted afresh. ' But who believes the 'estimates.' We learn, too, that "James Blair, Esq., had been appointed to the office of Com missioner of Crown Lands in the room of C. T. Tyers, Esq., proceeding to Gipps Land." Portland Land Sale.--W have been politely informed that the memorial pre sented in July last peraing that the sale of small farims at Mount Clay in this district might be offered for sale in the town of Portland instead of Melbourne has been acceeded to by His Excellency, and that it is probable that the sale will take place during the forthcoming or current quarter. We are thankful to His Excellency for this concession in favour of Portland. Belfast.-Tbe settlement is most satis factorily progressing. The people arebegin. ning at the right end in order to secure an abundant populationi. Large patches of ground are already under cultivation, and the extreme fruitfulness of the soil leaves very little room for doubt of an abundant crop. Prime beef is selling at Ida pound. Conveniently situated town allotments are to be obtained on building leases for as years at an annual rental of from £4 sos to £9 per acre. The suburban farms of almost noy size may be obtained at the annual rent of one bushel of wheat per acre, the first two years rent to be given in. Mr. Atkinson, we understand, has so far altered his terms as not to supply set-' tiers with the means of cultivation for the first year, until they are able to grow for their own consumption. This agreement has been made with about 40o families whom he first engaged with, and whom he still supplies; but subsequently he has determined that everyone shall provide for himself. Several mechanics who have been unable to find full employment in Portland are turning their attention to Belfast with the view of settling there. The libel case, Fisher v. Allison, seems to have come to naught. We are Informed -" The Crown Prosecutor declines enter ingan' action against Mr. Fisher' for the publication of a libel on Mr. Allision on the ground of expense." The Ranger.-The Government cutter Ranger came into the bay on Thursday afternoon last. Though there was a fresh breeze blowing dead out, she was able to lay so close up to the wind that she ex perienced but ltttle difficulty in coming up to proper anchorage. This is the first visit of the Ranger since the commence. ment of our. labour. The Government has not afflicted us with many of their favours. Captain Begnell, on entering the bay on Thursday, has subsequently ex pressed the surprise he felt at the time to observe the improvements that have taken place in the township. Some sixteen months have elapsed since his last visit to the hay, and the number of private and handsome brick houses erected has given him a new idea of the resources of the district and the enterprise of the inhabi. tants; The Captain has brought an officer of Customs to relieve Mr. Strachan, for the'purpose of enabling the latter gentle man to pay an official visit to Melbourne to meet Mr. Barnes, the head ef the de partmsent in the colonies. Mr. Strachan will return, it is expected and generally hoped, with an mincrease of salary and as deputy treasurer, which officer is much needed. The Bishop,.-His Lordship has arrived at Oeelong by the Rajah, wholly un attended. He purposes spending a few days in and around Geelong, after which he proceeds to Melbourne, and in about a fortnight we hope to have the pleasure of recording his arrival in Portland." "District conueils.--The District cono cils of Bourke and Grant have been in corporated, and have proceeded to prepara toryoperations. The Councils in the mid die district have generally got into exis tence, asnd are preparing for their regular work. There are a great many ohjections against them, but in spite of everything we believe they will be found of vast benefit, especially to districts like Port land." '. Religious ordinance.-The I:ev. J. Y. Wilson purposes, we understand, imme diately following the afternoon service on Sunday next, to meet the persons who are wishful to offer themselves for confirmation. We presume the rr. gentleman will give them suitable advice as prepartory to a fit submision to that solemn ordinance." "A MIr. Mar:den had been preaching to the congregation of \Weeleyns who or dinarly meet for religious worship at Mir. McDowell's house, and we are told that the object in MIr. Marsden's preaching is anything but sectaris0. He aims not to build up a party and to promote schismatic movemeunts," n In the issue October Yý8?e, the Port e land Guardeaan int a nt athe'C rowp SProsecutor letting the nn ortunate editor e of the Mercury off so easityi thbs-pro r he old adage " that two of a trade can +s Mt Alf s.by the 'doverntmn isid d perfect keeping iiil ?ther~ p'c"ei3dls' ia I, relation to the affairs of this tistrict .--&A; e gross libel was perpetrated on the Clerk of a the Bench and Registrar of the Court of o Requests at Portland, arising out of the official discharge of the duties of his office, and was occasioned by the connection that s Mr. Allision holds with the Government. Wt We are glad to see the Government eau e tions of incurring any expense unneces , sarily, and reluctant or officially'interfer. i ing with the liberty of the Press, but we + are quite unalle to perceive the consis- t tency of the conduct of the Crown Pror?e I a dutor in proceeding criminally, with the. t proprietor of the Port PhilIp Gazette at I the suit of T. M. Marshall, and declining I to proceed against the proprietor of the I Portland Mercury at the suit of one of. the officers of the Government. It, how.s i. ever, affords abundant encouragement to r : the progress of libellous publications, if SGovernment officers be abandoned by the r law officec in consequnece of the expenses t a of a law suit from the district." SWhen Prophets, and the sons of Prophets, take up their parables and i prophecy, they mostly prophecy smooth things; that is Prophets of local standing. I It has been predicted frequently by the I far-seeing people whose vision can pene-' trate a nine.iochb'wall that Portland is'des. I tined to be the Liverpool of .Victoria, and in this nnuber we have the editor of the SPortland Guardian predicting thatltM. 1 I Clay is to be the Brighton of Portland. r " The neighborhood of Mount Clay must, r we are sure, become the Brighton of Port. land. The sites which it offers for marine villas, in respect to fruitfulness of soil, to diversity of approach, from conveniency of distance from two rising sea-ports, are without rival on the whole coast line of New South Wales. In winter, if the roads to Portland through the contiguous forest be not good, a level and hard beach skirting the bay may be substituted, a and should neither be desirable, ) the envied possessor of lands in that a locality can step into his boat, and by e spreading his sail, with a gentle undulating a motion, he is in a little more than half-an hour wafted into the midst of the bustle of Portland." [Only fancy in little more c than half-an-hour " wafted into the hustle d of Portland," I am afraid even at this re- y mote period-43 years from the time this a was written, the only bustles ever seen in y Portland are the ladies bustles.] Our pro- y phet then contilues-'-It is not to be k questioned that. the beach leading from e this sea port to the lands about to be offered t, for sale will become a fashionable drive and n a favorite promenade. They must lie con. v tagions to the main road between Portland and Port Fairy, and the traffic between two a towns of such promise as these in a short a time will be very considerable. Alteady g the locality of Mount Clay is becoming a a favorite resort for the inhabitants of Port land. Boats and horses, even at this brief v history' ofoour career, during thie summer ti months are in frequent requisition to con.a vey, for a day's recreation, the industrious s mechanic and battling tradesman, with o their females and friends." If the editor a of the Portland Guardian of this date, , October r4, 1843, was to take his stand at a the end of the new jetty and direct his t, telescope tin the direction of Mount Clay 0 be would sweep the whole range of vision .and find no signs of the marine villas that o his poetical imagination conjured up ; but p if he turned his glass in a more westerly d direction.he would-see a .ity crowded to b repletion-" the City of the Dead," at the Doable Corner, and to the South of Port- It land there is fast filling up another city of r the same quiet and peaceable sort of in- o habitants.. So true is it " The world of' Life 'counts millions o'er, p That of Dead hath many more." i We are informed ' That large quantities a of bark are coming into towo,'both from a the direction of Mr..Edgar's on the Second River, and from Mount OClay. Our ex- Ii rports by this means will be greatly in- d creased during this season. We want a n i'beep-boiling establishment in the vicinity ti of the town to add to the quantity of tallow cl for the English market. We have already tl had the record of a birth in Portland, now we have one of a marriage, under the head. sl ing " Signs of the Times." We'think the fact of the young folks of our town mani festing an inclination to unite in the bonds a of matrimony, not an unfavorable sign of the times. Oa Monday last Mr. Isaac Wilson, baker, of this town, had the hap. piness to unite his fate to Miss Ellen Brewster, also of this town." ' Tallow.-We have seen a lair sample of tallow during the week at Mr. Orouch's shop, and which we understand came from Mr. Walter's station, on the Grange. If settlers were to use eeonomy in this branch of their establishments, we should think w that the surplus fat from the carcases of O their sheep and cattle used for domestic J' purposes would go in a great way to the b purchase of the small stores required for the use of their stations." In this number we have a ghost p'eom I that is of local origin, entitled Lost, Stolen, or Strayed.--The only clue to the poet is the single initial "C." S "0 yes I Oh yes! pray has any one found w A. heart a Portland maiden has lost? Whoecer will return it, unbroken and. a sound. Shall receive a reward for their cost. Its owner, good folk, is sadly distr:ssed, Her bright eyes with her weeping are swollen; But she vows she can't tell when it was missed. Though she strongly suspects it was t stollen. o Suspicions at present rest on a gent Who slily attentions had shown her; But who'er is the thief had better relent, A For 'tis of use to none but the owner. And now to be coy in showing his face, She thinks is unfeeling and strange; She begs that he'il either her heart replace Or at once give her his in exchange." Sorely that ought to have been sufti- i cient to restore the lady's lost heart and c the gentleman's skewered to it, and a good r fire blazing on loves alter with Cupid in t attendance ready to roast them both. In the following nunmber of the G(;rtr. dien we read '" The Revo. A. Laurie is p expected to bind a loring couple in Hlymen's s!lken bonds at lDellst-thes first wedding the rev. gentleman ever I performed in the township-next week." a This may have been the above advertise- [ ment patisfactorily answered. The c n !aint of the colony at that time qpt i in -en the high price put bi orr 6 tan'e, the?lini.ter for the Colonies, o-ths - waste Inld.. And the argument pat Iurnh in defence of this policy was that thb")cu rci ?'t [C?. ru? f too poor t iý rd, are lo nu e.olT'zon to huy lid' oandif lilq jrwp??on of ao shillingseD muai is a practical alurdity, consi??led in relation to the attual value of land, it has an economical advantage of high im portance in suspending the operation of sales until by reaction in the circumstances of the colonies they will become desir. able. -TTnia argument the Portland Guaro dian in a leader in the'numbrr dattd'Oat. 21, 1843, combais with?? It says " Why is a state of things perfectly unnatural to the cifcumstances of the Australian Co'onies allowed to eiist and which cannot in the ,nature.of things.be long superinduced by the pound an acre enactment. The prohi, bition of the importation -oft capital ahd` the stoppage of emigration. Land for grazing.purposes ·will neveresell at, 20 shillings an acre. This is??imeasure Ihat must at- once be abolibshed." Bt at this very time emigration, and the bad way it. was being managed, was causing the greatest embarrassment to the Colonial Govern meat. Mr. Daid Blair, in his hiseory, says "from 1841 to 1844 the colonial labor market presented the most curious contradictions. The bounty agents were pouring in a crowd of most unsuitable onn persons, who, once landed. and were left to shift fr themselves. Amongthemerchantsol the town of Sydney-dislress prevailed in consequences of tihe?soppago of building and other works the wages of themechanics were depressed. t' - . (To be Continued ) 