THE MASTER OF THE CERE-' MONIES' !;v (. MANVU.I.1-; KKXN". Author in " uu: Husrut Ioi.k, " I fir I Hit- f.'in n' Ili'uniim, " Il tun m Viri" "Kit's Umumr.N," " Tit:: Vicw'i I'i.uii.i:, ' ' Dltcii tiik Divim," &f.; CiuriKi: LX1V.— Tin: Muslim of Tin: t'f.uf.sioxii.i is Sn mi. Jmiuli Barclay was in hi.- ImsihuOi i inn when his wife rolurui'd, psi.iiugaml wiping her cics and lie gave her one of his grim looks. Weil, old woman, I v..ta right, wasn't I ? " ' No. Jo-si-ah." " Then you didn't get it nil out of her ? " "t)h, yes, every tiling, dear. She told me all, and it is that wicked, wicked little woman, May." She told liini all that had passed, aud he stood and stared at her, Wowing oat liis cheeks, and then looking Iiis hardest. " Let tlie see," lie said, when she had done speaking. | May Burnett is, of course, my own child by my lirst wife."' "Jo-si-aii! Why yuu never had no first wife." " Nousciise, woman." "Nonsense, Josiali! Do you mean to tell me — now, how can von ? Why, we've beeu married over thirty vein's, and that wicked little hussy isn't above 20. How can you talk such stuff " You set me going," he said, grimly. " You talked as if May Burnett must bo my own flesh aud blood." "1 didn't, Jo-si-ali. What do you moan ?" Why you waut nic to mix myself up in this miserable scandal over a wretched, frivolous, heartless girl, spend my hard-earned inouey, and let you go off ou a sort of wild goose clioso with her and Claire Deuvillc. I thought you had found out Hint she really was my own flesh anil blood." Mrs. Barclay wiped her eyes aud indulged iu one of her laughs — a blancmange sort of laugli — as she sat back in tlio chair vibrating and undulatiug all over, while her husband watched licr with tlio most uncompromising of aspects till she rose. "What a man you are," slio said, at last. " But there, don't lot's waste time. You will help us, dear, won't you?" "Us?" " Yes ; us, Jo-si-itli. Don't you think what I have proposed is tlio best ?" "Well, yes," he said slowly. "I do not- think I could suggest anything hotter." " I am glad," she said. " Then seud Joseph at once aud tako three seats for Loudon." ' ' You mean to go, thcu ?" "Yes, dear, of course." " And what's to become of ine ?" " You will stop and see Mr. Burnett, niid this Mr. Gravaui, and poor Mr. Deuvillo, aud scltlo tho matter the best way you can." " For May Burnett's sake." " No, dear ; for mine aud poor Claire Deu- villc's ; and look here, Jo-si-ah, you just beg licr pardon, sir." "'If I do I'll he " "Hush! Stop, sir. I don't mean to licr. Now just you own tliut you havo misjudged her." " Humph ! Well, perhaps 1 have." " ThutVright, dear ; uud you will do your best now, won't you ?" " I tell you what, woman ; I've read about men beiug fooled by their wives aud turned round tlio thumb ; but tho way you turn luo round beats everything I over did read." "Yes," sho said, nestling to his side, "I like turning you round my thumb, deur j uud lot's always go ou to tlio end just tlie same, Jo-si-ali ; and you'll let ine try to do somo good." "Humph !" ejaculated Barclay, iu his grim mest uuiuuer. " But, dou't you see, old lady, that this May Burnett is a worthless sort of bag gage ?" " I cuu't see anything, dear, only that poor Claire Donvillc, whom I lovo very much, is iu great trouble, aud that we aro wasting time." " Wasting love, you liicau," cried Barclay. "If you've got so much love to spare, why dou't you pour it on my devoted head, to wash away some of tho hate which people bestow upou me?" " Jo-si-ali, deur ! I'lease." " A11 right," he said grimly. " I'll do it, old lady. Lot's see ; tlie couch goes at half-post cleveu. You've plenty of time. I'll send Joseph. But tell me, whero are you going?" "To the Bell, iu lloiboru, dear, for thu first day. Then I shall takts apartments somewhere till it is nil settled." "But tlie expense, woman ?" "I've plenty of jewels, dear. Sludl I sell something ?" " Y'es, you'd better, "ho said grimly. "There, I supposo you must do as you like." Sho nodded and kissed him affectionately, while Ho scorned lo look loss firm iu tho plea sant light shed by her eyes us ho handed her the keys ol his cashbox. "Now theu,. dear," she said, "business. Bless us I Who'Bthat?" Tliero was a sharp rolling knock at tlio door, and they stood listening. "I hopo we're not too late, dear," whis pered Mrs. Bnrclav, excitedly. "DeuviUo's voice for a guinea," cried Bar clay. " Theu you cau tell him all, and you, two, can go uud stop any uttempt the siUy little woman may make to run away." "Mr. Denvilie, sir," said Joseph, ushering in the Master of the Ceremonies, very pale and careworn under his smiliug guise, as ho minced into the room, hat iu one hand, snuff box in the other, and his cane huugiug by its silken cord aud tassels from his wrist. "My dear Mrs. Barclay, your very humble servant. My dear Barclay, yours. - It seems un age since we met." " Oil, poor dear man !" sighed Mrs. Barclay to herself. " He can't kuow a word." She exchanged glances with Barclay, who gave her u nod . "You will exenso me, Mr. Denvilie," she said. "A littlo business to attend to. I'll come hack and see you liefore you go." " I should apologise," said Denvilie, smiling and bowing as ho hastened to open tho door for her to pass out ; aud as he closed it he groaned us he said to himself : — " She does not ask after my children." "Sit- down, DonvUle," said Barclay; " you've come to pay me some money, oh?" " Well— er— the fact is— no, Barclay, not just at preseut. I must ask yon to givo me u little more time. Morton, my son, you see, is only just launched, lie is getting ou, hut at present I must ask a littlo forbearance. In terest, of course, hut you will wait a little longer ? " " Humph ! Well, I supposo I must, and — come, DcuvilL', out with it. What's the mat- tor, man ? Some fresh trouble ?" Deuvillc had been pluviug uneasily with his snuff box, aud taking up aud setting down his hat, glancing nervously about tho room. As Barclay spoke in tiiis abrupt way to him ho started and stared wildly at tlie speaker. "Oh! nothing, nothing," hu said smiling. "1 was only coining this way. Ha — ha ha! my dear Barclay, you thought I wanted a little accommodation, No, no, not this time. The fact is I understood that my daughter, Miss Denvilie, hail come ou here. I expected to find her with Mrs Barclay— a lady I esteem— a lady of whom my daughter always spoaks most warmly, llm she— er— has she called hero tills evening?" " Miss Denvilie was here a short time since " " And has goue ?" said Denvilie nervously. " Sho — she — is coining hack here ?" "I think so. Yes, I believe my wife said she was; hut, hang it, Deuviile, why don't yon speak out, man ? What's tho matter ? l'erhaps I can help you." " Help me ? " faltered the miserable men. ' No ; it i4 not a sura where ureney eottid ssri toe. " M "Hey. rir! Irffe-G ;t, . uf friend. «a:l llnrHy, w tnnfy. t.'oet.!, epuk nut. You are in trnuMn." ItTiviil.i I. ..it, el ut him hetii.itinuiy. hut did not ik " I d m't ;r-k tor your r m iidonre," llir. el iy. "hut von have done me inure Hum one I.Mod turn, lh nvill". and 1 want to help yi.u if 1 can." Still the id.i i,".;.n hfiif.itrd ; hut r.t I.ixf he seemed to maricr Iiis hesitation, und. catching tlie other's sleeve, he whispered - " A scan,!a!r.ii - place, :»y dear Ilnrclay. I used to .-'mile at these tilings, ;,ut of late my troubles have a good deal broken ine down. I am changed. I know everybody, but I neve no friends, and — there, I eoufo.-s it, 1 enine to speak to your wife, to :rsk her advice and help, for at limes I feel us if the kindly words aud interest of somo true woman would make my loal easier to bear." is Nothing like a good friend," said Unrekiv, gruffly. " Yes— exactly. You'll pardon me. Barclay, you have been very kind, hut your manner does not invite confidence. I feel that I cannot speak to von as I could wish. " "Try," said Barclay, taking Iiis hand. " Cotne, you arc in trouble ubout yom daughter." " Y'es," cried DeuviUe, quickly. "IIow did you know ? " " Never miml how I know. Now then, speak out. What do you kuow ? " " Only that there is some fresh gossip afloat, mixing up my daughter's namo with that of ono of tho reckless fops of this place." " Claire Deuvillc's ? " " Yes. my dear sir. It is most eruel. Thesa pcoplo do not think of tho agony it causei those who love their children. I heard thai my child Had como hero — all, hero is Mrs. Ban clay back. My dear Madam, I came to heal my daughter company home, to stay with her; and to show theso wretched scandal-mongen that there is no truth in tho stoiy that has lieor put about." " Have yon told him, Jo-si-ah ?" "No, madam," cried Denvilie; "there wat. no need. Some cruel enemy contrived that 1 should hear of it— this wretched. scandaL But you'll pardon mo— tho lies, tho contemptibU falsehoods of tho miserablo idlers who find pleasure iu such stories. My daughter, Claire, lias beeu maligned before. Sho can hear if again, and by her sweet truthfulness livo dow# all such falsities." "But, Mr. Denvilie !" cried Mrs. Barclay. " Hush, ma'am, pray. A father's feelings Y ou 11 pardon me. We can scorn these wretched attacks. My child Clniro is abovf them. I shall tako no notice. I wished, how- over, to ho by her side. She will return hero, you say ?" " Y'es, yes, my dear, good man," cried, Mrl Barclay ; " hut you are blinding yourself to tho truth." " No, ma'am, you'll pardon me. My eves have loug been opon to the truth. I know. I hey say that my dear child Claire is to elope ' to-night with Sir Hurry Payne. I had a letter from somo busybody to that effect ; hat it is not truo. I suy it is not true." " No, Mr. DeuviUe, it is not true," cried Mrs. Barclay, warmly. " Our dear Claire— your dear Ciairo — is too good a girl, and tb< wrcichos wlto put this about ought to bo puuished. It is not dear Claire who is bcliovcd to be going to-night, but " " You li pardon me," cried Denvilie, turning greyer, and with a curious sunken look about liis eyes. " Not a word, please. Tho scandal is against some ouo else ? I will not hear it, ma'am. Mrs. Barclay, I will not know. Life is too short to mix ourselves up witli these miserable scandals. 'I will not Wait, Barclay. It is growiug late. I shall probably meet my daughter, and take licr hack. If I do not, aud she should come here, might I ask you to sea her home?" " Yes, Denvilie, yes ; hut, look here, wo have something to tell yon. Wife, it is more a woman s work. You cau do it more kindly than I could tell him." " You'll pardou me," said Dcavilie, looking from ouo to the other and smiling feebly, " Sumo fresh story about my daughter — is it not so, Mrs. Barclay ?" - " Yes, yes, Mr. Denvilie," she whispered, " and you ought to kuow, though I was goiug to leave my Jo-si-ali to tell you." " Always good and kind to mo and my family, dear Mrs. Barclay," said Deuvillc, smiliug, aud bonding over tlio plump hand lie took, to kiss it, with chivalrous respect. "Bat no — no more tales, my dear madam ; tiro chronicles of Saltiuville are too full of scandals. No, no, my dear Mrs. Barclay ; my unfortunato house can livo it down. " Ho drew himself up, took a pinch of snuff with all tiie refined stylo aud air of the greatest buck of tho lime, nnd handed his box to Barclay, who took it, mechanically helped himself noisily to a pinch, and handed it back. " The old man's half mad," he muttered, as ho looked nt him. "But Mr. Denvilie," cried Mrs. Barclay, pleadingly. " Y'ou ought to know— you must kuow." " Nonsense, madam, nonsense I " cried Den vilie, with his most artificial manner reignin- supreme, ns ho flicked away a tiny speck of dust from his frill. "YYo can laugh at theso things— wo elderly people, uud treat them oa they deserve." " But, Mr. Denvilie " " No, dear madam, no ; I protest," lie m|- tinned almost playfully. " Jo-si-ah, time's flying," cried Mrs. Bar clay, iu a pathetic manner that was absolutely comical. "What am I to say to this man?" "Tell liiin," said Barclay, sicmly. " Ah " ejaculated Mrs. Barclay, with a long sigh, as if she shrank from licr task. " It must bo done. Dear Mr. Denvilie, I dou't liko' telling yon, but Sirs. Burnett " Donvillo reeled aud caught at Barclay' arm. " Hold up, old fellow I Be a man," cried tlio money lender, supporting him. The old man recovered himself and stood up very erect, turning for a moment resentfully on Barclay, as if ungry that ho should have dared j to touch him. Then, looking fiercely at Mis, Barclay : — "Hush, ma'ntn!" lie cried. "Shame, slinmo ! How cau yon— you who aro so truo and tender heurted ! To let yourself be tho mouthpiece of this wretched crow?" " But, indeed, Mr. Denvilie " "Oh, hush, ma'am, hush! Y'ou who know people so well. Sirs. Burnett— my dear sweet child, May— tho idol of my very lifo— to ho made the bntt now at which these wretches shoot their venomous shafts. Scandals, madam ; scandals, Barclay, Coinages from the very pit. A true, sweet lady, sir. Bright as n bird. Sweet rs some opening flower. And they dare to malign her, with her bright, merry, innocent ways — that sweet young girl wifo. Oh, sliamo! Sliaino upon them ! Shame!" "Oh, Denvilie, Denvilie," said Barclay, softly, as ho laid his baud upon tho old man's shoulder. " Ah !" he cried, " even you pity mo for this. Dear Mrs. Barclay, I ought to be ungiy with you; but no, I will not. You mean so well. But it is all I have— in a- lifo so fuU of pain aud suffering that I wonder how I live— the love of my daughters — them to defend against Iho world. Madam, you aro mistaken. My daughter— au English lady— as pure as heaveu. But I Ui auk you— I am not augry — you meau well. Always kind and heipfui to my dear child Claire. Ila, ha, ha !" It was a curious laugh, full of affectation aud he took snuff again with all tho old cere mony, but he did not close tlie box with a loud snap, and as his hand fell to his side the browu powder dropped in patches and flakes here and tbc.c upon the carpet " Ha, ha, ha !" ho laughed again, " Calua m»q«m i tir t' .15 i Klc r-v l-svc— the .Mft'fil of fll'K fnl, 13 « i„) eiirri t! women, J 045111 teiJi r,.- iKar 1-i.ii.lfan'j msmc'. !». W6 tv.n«t livo it (i r.vM, I I .vprnirTit ! I'shdw I 'Jim c'ismii'''- Tl.p Ji aebi-U! Mr :hil4! Oh. I c.iiri'.i j 1 ; - .,1: ii tu r sptin; flower ;unp: in '"aitie ivu v. ill) »a:h a lu'tror. it i ntroeiotm." " Rcuvi!!"." sai.l );.-.r is;, in an «cr l(. an flJTMlillw 0,,k l,i. ' No, no! Nut a Word, ; ir. nr.t .1 tvnrd," fried Dfisiriilc, raisin;; liis liand. " 1; ix too fllisur,! — too villitnous. Madam, it is from ronr good heart that this warning rcitnes. I thnnk yon, iim'kui. V< n ni'.a;il. io put 1110 en liiv guard ltarclcr, adieu, ir.y good friinil. You'll fh iltc hunds. You'll lake 110 notn-c ef this slight omotiou— this display of it lather's indignation oil hearing such n rliarpe. Mrs. Barclay, if 1 have spoken lmrsldy, you'll for give me. I don't blamo yon, dear madam. .1« rrroir! No, Ujj; don't ring, 1 he'f. 1 pray jou will not como dov.u. You'll banish nil this— from your thoughts — '' Ho stopped short and reeled niptiu, dropping muff box, hat uud cane us ho chisped his hands to hik head, staring wildly before hitii. Tlie feeblo afl'ccfcd babble ceased suddenly, and it was another voice thut seemed to come from his lips as lie oxclaimcd loudly, in hot auger — "It is a lie! Y'on — May! The girl I've loved so well — you 1 When my cup of suffer ing is brimming over. Alio — alie.Isuy. Ah !"' His manner changed again : and now it was soft nnd full of wild appeal, as I10 cried — "Slay — Slay! Sly darling! Godholpme, poor broken dotard that I am Shall I lie in time ?" Ho mado a dash for the door, but staggered, nud would have fallen had not Barclay caught him and helped hint lo n. chair, where lie sat gazing before him as if at some scene passing beforo his eyes, "Blood," ho whispered at last, " lo the head, Help me, Barclay, or 1 shall be too late." " No, slay here. I'll go and do nil I can." "No!" cried Heuvillo, fiercely. 'yf am her father, Barclay ; wo way savo her if I go too." Ho rose with nervous energy now, and grip ping tho mqnoy lender's arm tlicy went together out into the dark street where, indig nantly refusing further help, the old man went off, leaving Barclay watching him. " I don't hardly know wliut to do," lie said (dnsingly. "All! who arc you "His lordship's mau, sir," said a livery servant. ' ' Lord Carlioro says could you make it convenient to come to him directly ?" ",No, I'm busy. Well, yes:, I will. Is he at homo?" " No, sir ; at tho reading room." " Go on, then," said Barclay. " Tell his Jordsliip I'll he there directly." Tho man went off, nud Barclay hurried in doors to speak witli his wife, and come out live minutes later to join the old nobleman nt tho reading room that answered the purpose of a tltib. Chatteh LXV. — On The Downs. High up ou tho Downs behind tlio town lay a patch of wood, dwarfed and stunted in its growth hy. the sharp breezes that came off the sea. The soil in which thev grew, too, was exceedingly shallow ; ami; as tlio chalk beneath was not very generous in its supply of nutriment, the trees seul their roots along iliO surface, nud their low- \- spreading branches inland, and a few shabby twigs seaward to meet the cutting blasts. Ilight across this patch of thick low wood ran tho London-road, nnd across it tlie coast road, going west, while a tall linger post that had oncft boon painted stood witli outstretched Bvin6, bending ovor a little old grey milestone, is if it were blessing it for being so liumblc tnd so small.. It was along this road that lXicliard Linnell, Mellersh and James Bell had cantered, and then turnod off at tho cross, on tho night of llieir pursuit, and tho chalky way looked much tlio Enrno beneath twinkling stars about ten ('clock ou tlio night succeeding that when bonis Gravani had had his interviow witli Olairo as on that of Mrs. l'ont-Ardcnt's party. The siniiliarity was increased by the prosenco of aycllowpost chaise, hut it was not drawn up at tho back of Mrs. Pout-Ardent's garden, but lioro ou tlie short turf, close up to the trees and opposite the finger post. The chaise, au old yellow weather-beaten affair, secmod to ho uiisty, and the horses Indistinct in the darkness, looking quite iho ghost of a vehicle, iliat might he expected to fade avrny like a trick of tho imagination, everything was so still. Tho very horses wore asleep, standiug bent of kuco nnd with pendant heads. One of tho wheelers, liowevor, uttered a sigh now and then as if unhappy in its dreams, for it was suffering,, not from nightmare, a trouble that might havo befallen any liorso, hut from Iho n'oigbt of tho sleeping post boy ou its hack. The man evidently believed iu his steed as au old friend, nnd had lain forward over tho pom mel of his saddle, half clasping tho horse's ticck, and sleeping heavily, whilo his com panion, who rode ouo of the leaders, had dis mounted and seated himself upon tho turf where tho road was cut down throngh the tltalk, so that Ms legs were in the channel and Ms hack against a steep bank. They had been asleep quite an hour, when a quick step was heard, a misty looking iiguro iu n long grey wrapper, and closely veiled, came along tho road, stopped short by the postboys, retreated and whispered softly as the turf oppo site was reached : "Hist! Aro you there? Oh, gracious! What a wicked girl I am 1 He has uot come." The figuro seemed to take courage aud ap proached tho chaise agniu. « He may bo inside," she said softly, and jjoing on tip-toe to flip door her hand was Jaiscd to the fustcuiug, when 011a of the wheelers snorted and hull' rotfscd the monntcd postboy. " Hullo, then, old gal," he muttered loudly. 6 Yo — yo — yo — yo — >vu — 1 Gate — gate." What shall I do?" exclaimed tho veiled figure, and sbo seized one of (he spokes of the wheel and clniig to it as the other postboy, slightly roused by his companion, took up his cry nnd shouted, drowsily — " Yo — yo — yo — yo — yo — ! Gale— gale!" The horses sighed, and tlio men subsided into their nap, a long rido ou tho previous evening having mado them particularly drowsy. " Talking iu their sleep," said the veiled figure, raising herself aud trying tlie handle of tbo clraiso door, opening it, aud reaching iu fo make sure whether it was tenanted or no. "Not come," sho sighed. "He must be late, or clso I've missed him. He is looking for ine. Oh, what a wicked girl I am. What's that?" She turned sharply round, darling behind the chaise and among the trees as a faint sound was heard ; and this directly after took iho form of footsteps, a short slight man approaching ou the other sido of the road, stopping to gaze at Ihccltaise, aud tlica hacking slowly into, the low bush like trees, which effectually hid him iroui sight. Thcro was utter stillness again for a few noments, when tho dull sound of steps was iucc moro heard, and another short slight figuro ipproached armed with a stout cane. He kept to tho grass, and walked straight up to the sleeping post-hoys, examined tlieui, and then stood listcniug. "Just iu time," ho said to himself. "Drowsy dogs! Ha — ha — liu! I wish Dick Liuncll wcro hero. I should like tho fool lo see her go. Hang it ! I'd have given Harry Payne fifty to help him on the road if lie had asked me. Get rid o( her for good, curse Iter J I'm sick of tlio whole lot. Kit ! What, the devil " ' What ato yon doing here, Burnett ?" said Richard I.inucll, crossing the road from the Downs iu company with M ellersh. What am i doing ? Taking Ihc air. Did you think f wi goinj to stop in a pq( chn'ra. Jlixt ! don't epejt; .J, „r yr- ti'I f wqfee lb- p .-,'. l-oyn Rid, 1 hang it all hare 1 been linnihncgc 1 ? s.( i; you thou irh i wore g'rfng i.ff with C'la.re, and not Sir Ihrrr ray:;.' " " l'i » iu wani mo i? hoK-wliip ynu. Tiur- tie!' rr:- I Lnii'Il in n h.w. pwriiinate voire ; " .\7-i I. Tl.-r--. dr.n'i l-> en I rnn'l ' h'!p if. if '-he is going." I . i i ; 1 1 ? 1 1 tarred ip-in hint irapat>a'ly. hut | Barn'tf foliwol. l.ri her go, man. What's the gnd of worrying about Iter? Better for belli of us." "Come aside," said Mellersh, softly. " Here ihi'V arc." Linnell seemed disposed to stand fast, but Mellersh took his arm. "Look here, my dear boy," lie whispered, " von don t want to interfere. Let her Linnell turned upon him fiercely, but he yielded to his companion's touch, and they walked on some 20 yards, followed by Burnett, who was laughing lo himself aud rubbing his hands, "Lucky I heard," he said to himself, "I only wan t to be satisfied," Tho steps approaching wcro not those of a lady and gentleman, but of Lohl Carboro and Barclay, who, in utter ignoranco of any one hut the postboys being at lmuil, stood for n few moments listening. " Yes, Barclay," said the former, "I could not boar for tho poor girl to go without makiug a step to save Iter. I'm an old fool, I know, hnt not, the first of my kind. I tell you, ask ing nothing, expecting nothing, I'd give £10,000 to feel that I had not been de ceived in her." "Pay up, then, my lord, for I tell you that- yon have been deceived. Once more : the lady is May Burnett, her sister." ' 1 in assured that it is Claire Donville, and if it is, Barclay, I'll save her, damme, I Will, if I shoot the mail." "But, mv lord — " " Don't talk to me, sir. I tell yon if I saw her going to the church with a fellow like young Linnell I'd give her a handsome present; but I cau t bear for sufth a girl as that to be going off." " Unless it was with you, niy lord," said Barclay, abruptly. " loit confounded rascal 1 How dare you !' snarled Lord Carboro. " Do you think I have no good feeling in me. There, you wouldn't believe in my disinterestedness onyiuoro than I would in yours. Don't talk. What shall we do ? Pay the postboys and send them off ?" "No, my lord, stand aside, and make sure that we have made no mistake." " If you have made no mistake," said his, lordship, quickly ; aud he and Ms companion had hardly drawn aside into the convenient wood to swell the circle gathering rouud tho in tending evaders, when Richard Liuncll made a step from Ms concealment aud was arrested by Mellersh, as Burnett whispered : " What arc they here for ?" Just then otto of the postboys yawncil and stretched himself, makiug noise sufficient lo awaken his fellow, who rose from the bank aud flicked Ms whip. "How long' have we been hero ?" said ihc mail nti the horse. "Hours, and not, a soul to come. My ticker's been asleep as well," ho muttered, after pulling out his watch. " I believe tho 'osscs have been bavin- a. nap too. 1 say, I'm getting sick of this." " Think they'll come ?" "Hang 111c if I know— Guv'nor seems to have been been about right." " Why, what did I10 say ?" " You was there, ami heard him." " No ; I was in the stublo." " Said two po'chays was ordered, aud he'd only horsos for one. That it was certain as it was a 'lopoinent, that both partieB wouldn't come, and perhaps neither of 'em, If they did Sir Matlhy Bray and Sir Hurry Payne hail better .fight it out, nnd tho gals go home. Hist I Is that them ?" Tho, two 111011 listened attentively as steps were heard, nnd the listeners in tho wood wcro all oil tlie qui rive. Directly after, Sir Harry I'ayne enmo up. " Seen a lady, my lads?" "No, sir. Been on tho watch ever since we came, nnd no one's been near," said tho first postboy. "Humph! Past lime. Horses fresh ?" " Fresh as daisies, Sir Harry. Don't you bo afraid. No one'll catch us." " Are you sure you've both beou watching? Not been asleep, havo you ?" "Sleep a-top, of n horse, Sir Harry? Not we." " Mount !" cried Sir Harry, to the second man. " Hero she comes," U'hat followed was the business of 8 few moments. A slight little veiled figure catno panting up, and was caught in Sir Hurry's arms. "At last!" lie cried. "This way, littlo pet — curse the woman ! What are you doing here ?" "Cloiro Denvillo's cloak dropped from her shoulders as, panting and utterly exhausted with the chase after her sister, sho flung her arms about licr and held her fast. "May!" she pautcd. "Sister, are you mad?" " You'll make me in a moment," cried Sir Harry. "Curse you! Whydoyonintcrfero?" "May 1" cried Clairo again. " For pity's sake— for tho sake of your husband, do not do this. wicked thing. Como hack witli nie ; couio hack. No one shall know, sister, dear sister, before it is too late." " Nay, it is too late," whispered Sir Harry. "Choose; will you go back to misery and dis grace?" At tho edgo of tho wood tlio scone was just visible, hnt the words wero inaudible. Burnett had uot at first rocoguiscil Ms wife ; but Claire's voice rang ont clear, aud with n sneer he turned to Richard Liuncll : — " There 1" he said. " IVhat did 1 say ? What nro you going to do uow " Try and save your foolish wife, idiot, if you ore not mau enough to interfere." He sprang out of tlie wood ns he spoke, but ere he could reach tlio group, Sir Harry Payne, by a brutal exercise of hia power, swung Claire away from her sister; and as she slnggcred on the turf sbo would have fallen but for the quick way in which Richard Linnell caught her in his anus. Sho clung to him wildly, as she strove to recover herself. "Help! Mr. Linnell 1 Quick! my sisler!" she panted, as Sir Harry Payne hurriedly threw opeu tho door of the chaise. "In with you — no nonsense, now,-' he cried toMnv. "Me ready, my lads — gallop hard. I'll pay !" He was leaning towards the postboys as he spoke, hut as tlie words left Ms lips tliey were half drowned by tt picreiug shriek that rang out. upon the night, sending a thrill through every bystander, it was no hysterical cry, but the tigouv uud dread-born appeal for old' from one, iu mortal peril. Sir Harry held the door open, and stood as if paralysed hv tho cry, for us if in stantaneously, a dark lithe figure laid glided out irum beneath the chaise, caught May's artn, nuil, as the word " Traitress !" seemed hissed iu her ear, there was a flash as of steel, and a sharp blow- was delivered like lightning, twice over. " Curse yon 1" cried Sir Harry. " Cowardly dog!" lie seized May's assailant by the throat, but only to utter a low cry of pain, and stagger back from the effect of the heavy hlow- hc received in the shoulder. To the startled spectators nt band it was all like some scene in the half-light of a drama. No sooner had tho dark figure rid himself of Payne Ibau he glided njpidly beneath the chaise again, aud before those who ran up to arrest liirn could reach the farther side of the vehicle, li« had darted into tho wood aud was gone. Just then a voice cried, "Ilelp 1 for heaven's sake, or she'll bleed to death." 