An ftm.&Lory; in Verse. He was a guileless collcge youtb, . - : That mirrored modesty and truth ; And sometimes at his musty room . His sister called, to cliase the gloom. One'afternoon, when she was there, : Arranging things with kindly care, . As often she had'done before, There came a knock upon, the door. Our student, sensitive to fears' .. ' ., ' Of thoughtless comrades1 laughing jeers, .Had only time to make deposit ' .Of his dear sister in a; closet; Then haste the door to open wide ; His guest unbidden stept inside. ' He was a cheery-faced old man^ And with apologies began For calling, ancT then let him know. That more than fifty years ago,. When he was~in,bis youthful bloom, He'd occupied that very room ; : So thought he'd'take the chance, he said, To see the changes time had made. - " The same old" window," same old view- ; Ha, ha! the same old pictures, too! " ; And then he tapped them with his cane, And laughed his merry laugh again. " The samtfold sofa, I declare 1 ' Dear m6 I It must be worse for wear. The same old shelves 1" And then he. came 1 And spied the closet door. " The same Ob, my.!" A woman's dresspeoped through. Quick as he could he closed it to. " He shook his head. .. Ah 1 ah 1 the same .Old game, young man,"the same old game I" " Would you my reputation slur 1" The youth gsisped; " That's my sister, sir!" "Ah! " said the old man, with a sigh, " The same old lie-the same old lie "! " 'An TinglifiTi divine once told of passing a night in a haunted- chamber in an English caitle. He described how the ghost slowly stalked into the chamber, and described the armour which covered the form of the mys terious visitor.' " But how did you get rid of this vision 1" cried some of those who heard the story. "Oh, very easily," replied the minister ; " I merely took my subscription book from the table and the vision quickly faded away.'' A lady, who was a member of a class studying art, concluded a recitation on 13en jaman Haydon by saying that " towards the close of his life lie cotnmitted suicide. A lady writer asks : " Why don't bache lors marry?" That's, so-why don't they ? Come tc. think about it, we have not yet seen a bachelor who was married.. It's lamentable, too. ? 