DEDICATION OF AN ORGAN. On Saturday afternoon Bishop Barry per formed the ollicc of dedicating the organ at Christ Church, St. Laurence, after its restoration and improvement. In many respcctB tho organ is new, nil the outside woodwork nnd pipes being fresh and several extra stops having been added within. To ma'.-.e room for these new stops tho instrument had to he considerably en larged, while it was necessary to build the organ to n certain height anil width ho as to fit it in tho position now assigned to it. Those have boon in the habit of attending the church will remember tint tho organ wus located in tho gallery, which, beiug placed at the entrance to the building _ and right opposite the chancel, resulted in the music and the singers being separated at an uncom fortable distance. Tho requirements .of the church demanded that player and choristers should lie brought toget her, and it was decided to move the Instrument to a natural position near the chancel. Opportunity was taken at tho same time to completely renovate the organ aud improve it with additional slops. A carillon or set of bells, a tremulant aud other stops have been put in. Tho result is thoroughly satisfactory. The work was entrusted "to Sir. Richardson, organ builder, of the firm of Richardson and Won, London, and the Rev. Air. Garnsev aud the church authori ties speak iu terms of the highest praise of 1 lie niamier in which each portion of llio work lias been done and the total effect ol it. Mr. Richardson, it is said, lias spared no pnina iu his endeavor to satisfy those who entrusted linn with the task, and they nro pre pared to acknowledge that a competent mail lias thoroughly well "fulfilled his engagement. Five months liavc been occupied in tho work. Tho organ was taken entirely to pieces, now action out in, nnd otherwise it lias been made another instruuienl. The cost nf it ail is some thing (ike £5199, about hall of which amount has already been raised. There was a large congregation at the dedi cation, and a special service suited to tho neca- sioii was held. The organ was set apart by the Bishop with the following prayer and benedic tion : — ' Sanctify. O laird, we hescech The'), tiiis instrument of music of the Lord, uniile to praise Thee, because Thy mercy cudureUi for ever, and let it be blessed iu the name of the Father, and of the lion, and of the Holy Ghost. Auien. When the minstrel piayotli, llio hand of tho Lord come upon von, and bless yon, and strengthen you for evermore. Amen."' A hymn followed, aiid Dr. JlAUltV then delivered a brief discourse from the words taken from the J 59th Psalm, llli verse: " Praise Him with stringed instru ments and organs." This psalm, lie said, was the great iloxoiugy which closed tiie psalter. It was an almost complete utterance ot the ground, of tho principle and of tile nature ol God's praise. I t spoke first of the glory and of the ground of praise. God was to lie prai-ed iu Himself for the higher object of perfect holiness anil for (lie lower, but real majesty of almighty power. Perfect holiness, almighty power — those were the two greet attributes of God, and both, as it were, overshadowed by His .supreme love. But from God ill Himself tin: idea of praise passed from God in His works. Go.l was spoken of. not us tie was in Himself, hut in relation to his creatures, 't'iicv saw then the real grounds, and esscnliala ul praise — praise and adoration of God iu Himself, praise aud adoration of God in His noble works and Llio overflowing of His greatness. And then tho psalm went on, calling up successively all t lie various helps to ilia praise of Hod. One after another tho instruments were enumerated which led mid supported llio utterance of praise to God iu tho service of Hie templu, unil these tinally united in llic glorious hurst of praise : " Let everything that liat.h breath praise the ' Lord." This showed the universality of praise. J.et every tiling that Instil breath — every human creature, all below and all above man — praise the Lerd. Praise did not, liowever, denote tiie whole of our ser vice to God. It! was no doubt Hie highest cle ment of that service; but iu our service there was a sadness also — the sadness of confession, and of prayer as well as of adoration. Coming more cluselv to the text, the word that was rendered "organs" win, lie said, an uncertain instrument — a wind instrument, a collection of pipes, mid that was all we knew of it. The text described . two kinds of music— the stringed instruments ) tmd tho wind instruments, aud these two forms seemed to have their own peculiar strength and purpose. J.u the music of the stringed instru ments there seemed to be more room for me- chuuical skill, employment of scientific force, and balance ot harmony. In the wind instrument there seemed to he more of llio power to touch the heart, — iu the one, greater force aud power ; iu the other, as it appeared to him, a greater inlluenca over tho heart. Tbeso two instruments had almost always been nsc.l in tiie worship of God. What we especially called the organ had grown lip by degrees from very rude beginnings, until in our churches it had superseded all others. It was at first mi instrument of tho greatest sim plicity, its origin being merely a row of pipes blown by the mouth, and iu some very ancient bas-reliefs and sculptures there were represented something of the nature ot" rude organs — a row of pipes into which the wind was blown with bellows. Now, . we had it so developed thut it united in one nearly a per fect collection of musical instruments. They desired and rejoiced that day to dedicate to God's service such an instrument. Wlieu they said that tlicy hallowed it to God's service, they meant two things. First of all that it might express their sense of tho majesty of God; that through it they might he helped more and more to recognise unil adore His glory. And, ou the other lmud, when they dedicated it to tho service of God, the meant that it might lie not ouly for ilis service hut their own ; thut it might enable them to lift their hearts above the power of petty tilings of this world, and for lite time ut least cause some foretaste to bo experienced of the nature of the worship of God that they should take part in in lieaveu. This dedication was simply the recog nising the instrument as a menus to n higher uud. If lie thought thut the cultivation of music iu the churches were to he looked upon ns ail end instead of a means to au end, he should regard it, not ns a thing to he blessed but to lie feared. But lie did not think that this was the case. He prayed that tho instrument llioy that day dedicated to God's service might be the menus of accomplishing the ends for which it had been erected nnd now acknowledged in the sanctuary of God. At the conclusion of the service, several choruses and orgau pieces were given by the choir ami orgauist (Mr. Edward Massey), Mr. Joseph Massey playing with good effect a number of marches and movements from weil- knowu composers. Miss Blade also assisted with two solos, which she sang in a clear and pleasant voice. Mr. .Staunton, precentor, took a prominent part in the solo aud chorus of "The Ascension," from Gounod's "Redemp tion." The recital was an enjoyable one, aud the orgau fulfilled all the hopes' and expecta tions of those especially interested iu it, and seemed to give satisfaction to the numerous congregation. 