THE INCOME TAX BILL. For the second time the Government lmvo abruptly knocked oil work 011 the income Tux Bill. A heavy reverse 011 cinuse 2ii was adjudged by tho Premier to have involved a fresh crisis last nip-lit, and he accordingly moved tho Chairman out of tiie chair, in order to give the Cabinet time to consider the situation. It is very difficult to blame the House for the vote which lias brought this state of affairs about. Whatever the effect of that voto may be with regard to the bill — UIJU U1UI, IS iUl uiu \juvuruiiiuui> toucciuc — the House cannot be held responsible for it. Agreeing to the principle of an income tax is one tiling, but agreeing to the mode of collection proposed by tho Government in tho rejected clause was quite another. If the aim of the Go vernment had been to make the tax as objectionable as they possibly could, the drafting of tho present bill might be considered a supreme work of art, aud amongst nil its provisions the one which the committee threw out last night is perhaps the most elaborately obnoxious. It proposes to give the tax-gatherer or his deputy, who, us Mr. Stephen pointed out, may bo any burn7 bailiff whom the commissioners chuoso to employ, power to intrude himself into a private house and question the occupants not only as to thoir financial position but also us to the domestic menage. He may, for instance, demand from tho lady of tho house a statemont of the money she may liavo iu her own right, aud also require particulars as to whether she is married and living with her husband, and, as a previous clauso gracefully puts it, " whether sucli hus band is temporarily absent from lior or from this colony or otherwise." tSubT section four of the rojectod cinuse authorises the collector to pry into what ever domestic establishment I10 pleases, and demand nil' suoh " particulars " as the occupier is " required to furnish," and should any attempt, bo made to evade the questions put, tho person so doing becomes liublo to a very severe penalty. The " particulars" which the bill "requires" to be furnished, involving as they do the legal rights of a femme sole, as) contradistinguished from those of a married woman, nnd other questions of an equally intricate nature, are sucli as might give the Supreme Court considerable troublo to define, y'pt a wrong interpretation by the most illiterate citizen would bring hitn or licr under the lash of the law. In throwing out thi3 clauso the committee did not veto the principle of an income tax, all it did was to veto the subjection of the public to compulsory cross-examination by the bumbniliff. Whether this ought to be regarded as a fatal blow at the bill or not is what the Cabinet hnve now retired to consider. As the bill now stands, however, it is very little consequence what becomes of it. For tho purposes that it is designed to servo it is simply tho effbet of waste paper. To a Treasurer iu want of revenue it is of no more use than a blank cheque. Sir Patuick Jen.ninus stated before (ho humlmiliil was knocked 011 the head last night that die bill provided all the " machinery" for raising the proposed tax. What is" 1 lie use of the machinery, however, unless I10 is allowed to put it into operation ? Tho reduction of the amount of income tax to ld. in the B has on his own showing condemned the " machinery " to comparalive idleness. In introducing his financial policy Sir Patuick Jknninos declared that the object of raising now revenue was to pay off the Hums deficit, not to provide " machinery " for future taxation. Unless he is able to im mediately proceed to collect tho taxes which he has proposed for that specific purpose, his policy therefore necessarily fails, lie does not profess now to be engaged in abstract legislation. The question is to restore to the country its financial equilibrium. Had he dis played half the earnestness over the live bill that lie now professes to feel with regard to its ghost, lie would, prohably have avoided the whole of the present difficulty. There would then have been a substance loft to light for, whereas now there is nothing but a shadow, lie only began to show nn in terest in the hill after the life had been knocked out of it. His action was one of transparent make-believe all through, and we fear it is equally so now. The motion by which the bill was most inoperative was moved by one of his own supporters, aud the House had his well-understood assurance thnt the Government were quite prepared to let fhe income lax go altogether by the board. Xo such obliging disposition wn3 shown by the Government with re spect to the Customs duties. Their protectionist masters took eare of that, and obliged them at all hazard to nail their colors then to the mast. Xow, however, after conniving at the death of tho bill, by inviting his fol lowers to do the protectionist bidding in regard to it, lie makes a valiant pre tence of fighting for the body. He is Ui'v nun s vj > t.nti; llv JJiv off the deficit — lie is simply fooling over a blank bill which is intended to ho presented to the country as a free- trade dummy to balance the solid protectionist reality of tho Customs duties. The talk of bringing in an other bill to galvanise fliis dummy into future life is simply moonshine. If ho can induce the House to pass a live Income Tax Bill next session ho could have done the same this session. In any case the "machinery" is of no possible avail without the tax, and it is useless wasting further tiino going- on with it, as it will be just as easy to pass a live bill next session as to pass a bill giving life to a dead one. For common sense sake therefore, it is about titno the farce was dropped. And as Sir Patrick seems in want of a proper pretext for sneaking out the bill, the one he discovered last- night ought to be eminently suitable, as it is merely in keeping with the whole history of the affair. TI10 House has insulted the bumbailiff by choosing to doubt his delicacy in the prosecution of inquisitorial investigations into the domestic arrangements of families. And to avenge that insult Sir Patrick can tear up the bill. 