IDitaatute. THE BROKEN SEAL. A NOVEL. By DORA RUSSELL, Author of 'Footprints in the Snow,' 'The 'Vicar's Governess,' 'Out of Eden,' &c.; {Published by special arrangement with the authoress. All rights reserred.] Chapter III. — The Burleigh Aems. Nearly every afternoon the bar of the ±5ur leigb. Atttib (the old- fashioned Plymouth tavern into which John Lester had been carried half fainting more than twenty years ago) was crowded with customers. The house had a good reputation, for one thing the drink sold was said to foe good drink, and for another the landlady was a popular woman, and many of the frecraenters of the Burleieh Anna had known her since the days when as a slim, pink-cheeked young girl, old John Burleigh had first brought her to preside there. But she was no longer slim. A rosy, comely, very stout woman stood turning the taps where she had stood for thirty years. She was a good-natured creature, and had a smile nearly as bright now as when she had won the old landlord's heart, and he had married his sister's nursemaid. She had her jest; and her laugh with her customers always ready, bat she was known to be a highly respectable person, and no man ever said a rude word twice to her. Her second marriage was a -well-known fact, and her second husband was generally considered to be a very foolish man not to take full advantage of all the good things that had fallen to his lot. He had had several rivals for the hand of the fair and well-endowed widow, and a certain Captain Dow, a retired master of a sailing vessel had felt himself particularly aggrieved when Mrs. Burleigh wedded John Lester, the handsome soldier. Not that he had any real reason to feel aggrieved, for Daniel Dow was a nan of slow and steady ways of life, and he had never yet hinted to Mrs. Burleigb that he wishedto marry her, when to his great disgust he found she was going to marry somebody else. He had only sat and stared at her, and drunk bis ram with unfailing regularity from her hands. And now for twenty-three years he had drunk his rnm and stared at her still. He cams so sorely, and sat down on the bench opposite to her, twice a day, that Mrs. Lester took no more notice of him than she took of the glass bottles that decked her shelves. She never thought of him, in fact. She was a married woman, faithful and true to her hus band, absent or piesent, but this old wicked, rum-imbibing eea captain sat there and thought of her day after day, always hoping that something would happen to the absent soldier. Daniel Dow reckoned his chances in his slow way, and hope never died out of his heart. There was the sword first — the old, sad words of Holy Writ so often fulfilled, that he who taketh it up shall perish by it— then there was .climate, the cholera, fever, snake bites, ship wrecks. Surely a 'man exposed to all these dangers would not hold on bo fast to life as the steady-going person who sat there daily staring at his wife and wishing him dead ! The only danger that seemed to threaten Daniel Dow's existence was too much rum. Bat he was prudent withal. He kept none at home ; he drank four glasses every day at the Burleigh Anns, and he was a seasoned cask. In person he was stout, very stout and short ; in visage -round and red, in speech slow and sore. He was sitting in his usual place, at bis usual hour, and at his usual occupation on the day following Major Doyne's ill-omened visit to Boden Court. It was about 3 o'clock in the afternoon, and the bar was fairly foil. Petty officers, dockyard men, commercial travellers, soldiers and sailors, were passing out and in. Daniel had come to his second glass, and his round eyes were fixed on the buxom landlady -with a persistent stare. There she stood, florid, comely, with blue \- eyes, and a large flat, shining face, and her light brown hair in crimped bands on either side— her dress apparently made purposely to attract attention to her excessive rotundity. At least, it was light-colored and flowery, and her bibbed apron was light-colored and flowery too, and trimmed with white lace and tied with a colored ribbon. But she had been a pretty woman. She bad a clean, honest, smiling look that was pleasant to the eye, and a dimple in her round white chin. She was very busy, when a hansom cab, containing two gentlemen, drove up to the door ?of the ' Burleigh Arms,' and a minute later en tered the bar. Wo one can stand thirty years looking at theis fellow-beings without getting some knowledge of what people are by their appearance. As the -brown slender little man, with the long tawny moustache, advanced towards her Mrs, Lester knew very well he was a military officer. Army men (officers) were out of her line of business, but she had seen dozens of such as this in the streets, and she at once addressed the two with marked civility. ' What can I get you, gentlemen?' The little soldier pulled his long moustache' and looked up at his taller companion before he replied, who gave a very feeble smile in return. They had forgotten they were ex pected to drink something, and they were not thirsty. They had come there on an errand that made bodily requirements seem, as nothing to them. They were both very pale, and Major Doyne was nervous and fidgety, and Alan Lester cold and reserved. He had made up his mind; he was hiding the bitter blow that he had received under a little extra calmness and steadiness of demeanor. 'I'll have a brandy and soda, I think,' jerked out Major Doyne. ' Can we have a private room, landlady?' 'Certainly, gentlemen. Rose (Rose was Ibe barmaid), show the gentlemen into the blue parlor,' Bose proceeded forthwith to usher Major Doyne and Alan Lester into the very room ?where John Lester had been carried all those long years ago J It was a little room behind the bar — neat, tidy, flowery, as the landlady herself. The furniture covered with a bright blue. print; the walls were painted in two shades of blue, and the mantelpiece was adorned with quaint offerings from foreign lands, brought by Mrs. Lester's various sea faring acquaintances. Big sheik (awful to be hold when we reflect on the living monsters that must have inhabited them), little Indian ivory figures, and in fact strange tilings wrought by strange people ; bits of Chinese embroidery, masBive in gold anid silver, and rich colors and extraordinary designs. Alan Lester looked at these things vaguely ; the thought crossed his mind, did poor John bring any of them here? Had he sat here ? Was his pale ghost perhaps here now to see justice done to his wife and child? In the meanwhile Rose bad brought in the brandy-and-soda, and given the bright maho gany table a little unnecessary polish with her checked white muslin apron in passing. 'Ib there anything else, gentlemen? she aBked. Alas, poor Rose ! Wert ttaou given that sweet name in mockery to thy dull pitted skin, thy uncouth features? For certain reasons of her own Mrs. Lester always en- „ gaged a plain barmaid, and she had certainly done this with a vengeance when she took poor fiose. Yet the girl was honest, handy, would work and moil while others played, though nature had indeed served her a scurvy trick. She stood there, perhaps, conscious of her ugliness when she asked Alan and Doyne if they required anything else. There was none of the coquetbshness of young womanhood. She bad a humble deprecating look; the look yon see on the faces of the very poor. ''Can we see the landlady here?' asked Alan Lester, in a low steady voice. 'The hubbub— Mrs. Lester?' enquired^Rose. ' Yes,' eaid Alan, and a little quiver passed over his pale face as he heard her name. 'Ill see, sir,' said Rose, and she dis appeared, and a few momenta later Mrs. tester came bustling in. ' ' 'Is there anything I can do for you, gentlemen f she asked, with her pleasant smile. 'I want to ask yon a few questions,' said Alan Lester. Mrs. Lester looked uneasy. She lifted the end of her flowery apron as if to examine the pattern ; she heaved an anxious si£h. ' My Jim's not been getting into any fresh trouble, I hope, gentlemen ?' she said at length. '? Your son ?' aBked Alan quickly. 'Yes, sir, my only one— and his pa's not here — and he's getting past my management. 'It is not about your son I came here to speak,' said Alan, forcing bis words from his lips with a painful effort ; ' I want to ask about your marriage ?' 'My marriage, sir?' answered Mrs. Lester, sharply, her complexion deepening in tint. ' There is nothing to be said against that, is there? That'sall right, anyhow.' ?' I mean your second marriage.' ** Yes, sir, I married John Lester twenty -one years c^0 gone June— do you know anything about mj^ohn?' Alan hesitated. How could he tell this poor soul that her John lay cold and stark ? 'John's a soldier,' went on Mxs. Lester; 'folks say I should have done better than that,' she added bridling, and with a smile, ' but I just took to hin, and I had no one but myself to please — my first old sun had been dead and gone these three years when I married John — but I have had a lonesome life of late, for John's regiment has been in foreign parts these five years, and they have only just got home, and I'm looking now to have my man back, and I've made up my mind I'll not ba parted from him any more.' Lester looked at Major Doyne, and turned away his head. He felt the task was beyond bis strength ; he could not give the poor woman this cruel blow, and Major Doyne understood. 'I am sorry,' said Doyne, casting down his eyes and pulling bis moustache, 'to be obliged to tell you bad news. Your husband, John Lester, was stationed at Gortmouth ? ' 'He is there, sir,' interrupted Mrs. Lester, turning very pale. ' lam in command at Gortmouth,' proceeded Major Doyne, ' and I regret very deeply to tell yon that John Lester died quite suddenly in the barrack-yard the day before yesterday.' The shriek that Mrs. Lester gave when she heard this dreadful news rang through the bouse. The men standing round the bar heard it, and Captain Dow heard it, and jumped to his feet, and ran as fast as be could go into the little blue parlor. 'What's the matter?' he asked. Poor Mrs. Lester had flung herself on her knees on the floor and had thrown her apron over her head. 'Oh, John, John !' she wailed, wringingTier hands, ' shall I see you no more ?' 'What's the matter?' again asked DanieL 'John's dead, Captain Dow,' answered the poor woman, 'my John's dead,' Daniel Dow said nothing. The hour had come that he had waited for so long, and a dull sense of pleasure and satisfaction crept into his heart. 'Perhaps Mrs. Lester would like to see her son?' said Alan Lester, gently and com passionately. 'Oh, yes, sir, send for Jim, Bend for Jim !' cried Mrs. Lester in bitter distress. ' He'll be at his billiards. Tell him Ms poor pa dropped down quite sudden in the barrack-yard !' Alan went out of the room to dispatch a messenger to seek young Lester, and Major Doyne tried to say some commonplace con soling words to the poor widow. 'He was a good soldier and a brave man,' he said ; ' we have all to die, you know, Mrs. Lester, and his sufferings were very brief.' ' If he had only been at home, sir '.' wept Mrs. Lester. .' I've urged him so often — he bad everything comfortable here — oh ! why, why did he go away !' Daniel Dow upon this went back to the bar, and demanded a third glass of rum from the hands of Rose. Then he sat down on his old seat, and began vague speculations fpr the future. There was a row of Dutch-shaped bottles on a high shelf just opposite to him, and he fixed his round eyes on these, and thought they would look better and be handier lower down. He thought of various alterations and improvements, and was only interrupted in his mental calculations by the entrance of young James Lester, who had been sent for from a neighboring billiard-room. Alan Lester was walking slowly up and down before the door of the Burleigh Arms, waiting for this youth, when he made his appearance. Naturally Alan looked at him with strong interest. He was about twenty; good-looking, fresh colored, with a bold pro minent blue eye, and rather a swaggering manner and gait. He blushed when he saw Alan. He thought he was the officer who had come to tell his mother of his father's death, and he was ashamed of his father having been a private soldier. He little guessed the keen and miserable in terest with which Alan Lester was regarding his face. His brother's son, his near kinsman, the heir of the old name! These thoughts passed like lightning through Alan's brain ae he stood there looking intertly at James Lester, and beneath bis fixed gaze the bold blue eyes shifted and felL ' Are you the gentleman who has come to tt-11 my mother that poor father is dead, sir ? ' the next moment asked James Lester, again looking up at the grave sad face before him.. * 'Yes,' answered Alan briefly, and he turned away bis eyes with a stifled sigh. 'I regret to be the bearer of ill news, but your father died the day before yesterday at Gort mouth.' 'Awful sudden, sir. What did he die of?' asked the young man. ' He died of spasm of the heart — he had had attacks before — but this one killed him in a few minutes.' 'Dreadful thing, sir ; I'm awfully sorry. It's very good of you to come and tell mother. Won't you come into the house and have some thing to drink ?' ' No, thank you ; but I will Bpeak to your mother. I will call on her again about some arrangements.' ' Yes, to be sure. Where's the funeral to be?' ' We can arrange about that to- morrow ; I will go in now and epeak to your mother.' As he said this Alan Lester re-entered the tavern and went straight across the bar to the little blue parlor at the back, followed by James Lester. Mrs. Lester was still there, crying bitterly, and Major Doyne was trying to say some kindly words to her, but at the sight of her son she rose and flung her arms around his neck. ' Oh, Jim !' she cried, ' have you heard, have yon beard ? your poor pa's gone — he'll not come back any more— he won't be here at Christmas as he promised — and the pudden's made. Ialwayssent him a Christmas pudden, bit,' she continued, wiping her streaming eyes with her flowery apron, and addressing Major Doyne; ' wherever he was, in the Ingies, and all, John had his pudden quite regular, and this one he was to have at home, and be won't be here to eat it !' And again sobs choked the poor creature. It was impossible not to sympathise with her. Her genuine bitter sorrow, her homely language, touched Alan Lester's heart so much that he went up to her and wrung her hand. 'I will come and see you to-morrow,' he said; ' try to take some comfort. Your hus band was a good man — a brave and good man. Major Doyne will tell you so, who was his officer for years ; and I think you would like to see poor John again.' ' Oh, yes, sir ; I was going to ask about that,' said Mrs. Lester, now looking up eagerly , ' but my head's in such a whirl, like, I can remember nothing ; but may I have him ? home, sir — may I have his body home ?' And she looked at Maior Dovne. 'Certainly, Mrs. Lester,' he answered; 'I shall see about all necessary arrangements. And now we shall leave you with your son.' And he put ' his arm through Alan Lester's, and the two bowed and wer-3 just leaving the room when Alan Lester suddenly remembered something. 'I will leave my card,' be said, 'and write the address of our hotel on it.' He did this, and after he was gone young Jim Lester, who was by no means heartbroken at the news of his father's death, for he had been but a youth of 15 when poor John Lester went away, took up Alan Lester's card with some interest. 'Hollo, mother,' he said, 'what's this? Had poor father any swell relations— Sir Alan Lester, Roden Court. Can this swell be any relation of ours ?' ' Don't talk that light-hearted, Jim,' wept Mrs. Lester; 'your poor pa's gone where swells and no swells is all the same — there's no diSeience there — but poor John had no rela tions that I know on; this gentleman is nothing to us.' 'The name's the came, anyhow.' Mrs. Letter made no aflswer ; she continued rocking herself to and fro in her grief, wail izg ,aiid bemoaning ; the would not be com forted. In the meanwhile Daniel Dow had fallen into a gentle dose on his accustomed bench be fore the bar. He had gone on counting the bottlts on the shelves until sleep over came him, and he Went on counting them in his dreams. Suddenly, however, he was aroused by a louder wail than ever from poor Mr. Lester. Daniel started, rose to his feet, rnbbed his eyes, and remembered what had happened. Then he stood listening a moment or two with great apparent satisfaction to poor Mrs. Lester's cries and sobs. 'Ay, ay,' he muttered to himself, as he walked out of the bar with his rolling gait, ' shell eoon get over it— them that squeals so loud don't squeal long 1' Chapteb IV.— Bbeakdjg the News. Tbe same evening Alan Lester and Major Doynedinedtogetherattheir hotel, but nothing was said during that meal of the subject that lay nearest to their hearts. What, indeed, was the good of talking of it? The question was settled in Alan's mind as surely as if he had been present at his brother's marriage, twenty one yearn ago. At Major Doyne's earnest request, after they left tbe Burleigh Arms, they had gone to tie church where John Lester stated in his last lttter that he had been married, for the purpose of examining the certificates. He had made no mistake. On the day he named Ann Bur- ?. leigb, widow, and John Lester, bachelor, had j been united in boly matrimony. The date of ? the birth of their son James had also been ; quite correctly stated by John Lester, and . Francis Doyne knew.as they quitted the vestry, ! that the youth whose presence they had just left was no other than Sir James Lester, the teal owner of the broad acres of Roden. Tbey said very little about it, even then. Alan had never been in Plymouth before, and j they btgan talking of the old days and the j victorious captains tbat had sailed out of this i port to fight tbe great sea-fights that had made their country iamou*. Major Doyne had friends stationed at the citadel, but under the circumstances he did not care to go near them. He felt so intensely sorry for Alan ; and bis strong regard and liking for his friend grew each moment stronger as he looked in the man's pale face. And yet he did not understand all Alan felt, for he had not the sensitive temperament that makes pain doubly painful. . He was quick, honorable, and serious-minded, for he had passed through ecenes that sweep folly and lightness very sternly away; but the sharp agony that Alan was enduring was quite beyond tbe range of Major Doyne's feelings. Still he knew this hour must be a most bitter one to Alan, and he did his best to try to make him think of other things, and Alan t- tilted interested, and eaid nothing of his dead brother until just when they were part ing fox the night. ' I think poor John should be taken home;' he then said very quietly. 'You mean brought here— to his wife's house?' hesitated Major Doyne. ' No, I mean to Roden ; there is a family vault, you know, at Roden Church. All our people have been buried there, and I think John should sleep there, too.' 'But my dear fellow, consider — your mother does not even know.' 'She will know to- morrow, Frank,' said Alan Lester sadly enough. 'Still—' ' It is but right— I mean to tell his wife the whole story to-morrow morning — and I think she will see it as I do — John's proper burial place is among his own family.' frank Doyne did not know what to say. When he was in perplexity he always polled first at one end of his tawny moustache and then at the other, and he did this now, fixing his blue eyes with uneasy glances at Alan's face. He was thinking of his own people — of his mother, of Annette. What would they say ? Was Alan right thus publicly to acknow ledge this marriage so soon ? There were other considerations, his engagement, Annette's feelings. Surely until some arrangements were made it was no use thus to avow the miserable connection that the unhappy John Lester had formed. So thought Frank Doyne, but the expression of Alan Lester's face made him feel he was not justified in saying anything more. They bade each other good night, and imme diately after breakfast the next morning Alan rose and said he was going out to see Mrs. Lester. ' I think, if you don't mind, I will go alone,' be added with a smile ; 'it will be less painful for us all.' Doyne made no objection and Alan hailed a cab and drove direct to the Burleigh Arms. The place looked already changed. Instead of the comely landlady poor Rose was installed behind the taps, and very few customers were present at this early hour. But one faithful attendant bad already arrived. There sat Daniel Dow with his round eyes staring at the space usually occupied by Mrs. Lester's rotund j person. He never glanced at the miserable- j looking Rose. She was a blot, an eye-sore to j him. He would 'do away with her,' he was thinking. Not that he had any murderous i designs on the poor ugly girl. He simply ' thought when he was master there he would have somebody better looking about the place, ' and doubtless many masculine minds would have thongbt the same. ? 'Can I see Mrs. Lester?' asked Alan of Rose, and Captain Dow's attention instantly became riveted on the enquirer. ' If you're the gentleman, sir, that brought missus the news that poor master's dead, then, she said, she would see you,' replied Rose, 'and I was to show you in.' Thus Alan was once more ushered into the little blue parlor, and in a few minutes Mrs. Lester joined him. Tbe poor woman's face showed all the signs of recent grief. Her rosy color was now in patches, instead of a steady bloom, and her blue eyes were dim, and her eyelids were red and swollen with weeping. She bad already on her widow's cap, which was a little awry, and when she came into the room she made an old- fashioned curtsey at the door, but Alan gravely advanced and took her hand. 'I have called very early,' he said, 'but I have a long journey before me to-day, so per haps you will excuse me.' 'It is very good of you, I am sure, sir, to come at all,' said Mrs. Lester, with a little whimper and various indications of renewed grief. 'I have something to say to you,' went on Alan Lester, 'that is of very great im portance, or I would not have troubled you at such a time; but did your husband — did John Lester— ever mention his relatioms to you?' 'No, never, sir ! Once I asked him — I can call the day to mind — if he had any relations, and he answered quite bitter-like. ' No,5 says John, 'I've no relations.1 Then I said, 'You must have had a father,' and he an- - swered quite sharp like, *I have no : father,' and I dare not' ask him any ! more, for, though poor John was only a common soldier, he had a way with him that I put you down when he waB minded— though a kinder better soul never lived!' And poor i Mrs. Lester's tears fell fast. ? ' Yet,' said Alan, and for a moment his voice faltered, ' he had relations— he had then a father and a half- brother.' 'A father and a half-brother?' repeated Mrs. Lester, in genuine astonishment. ' I am his half-brother,' said Alan slowly, but steadily. ' You ! Oh, no, sir, it's some mistake — why you are quite the gentleman.' 'I am, nevertheless, his half -brother,' answered Alan, while for an instant a smile flickered round his lips; 'poor John had quarrelled with my father, and he wrote and told him he was going to-destroy himself, and he disappeared from that hour. Now we know what really happened. He enlisted as a soldier and kept the secret twenty-three years ; but after he was dead a letter was found, on which he had left a written request that it was to be opened by his commanding officer at the time of bis death. Major Doyne, the gentleman who came with me yesterday, was his com manding officer, and he broke the seal of this letter.' 'And — and — what did he say, sir?' inter rupted Mrs. Lester in great excitement. 'He told the sad story of his early life — he had an unhappy connection, and for this woman's sake he forged my father's name.' ' I don't believe it, sir !' cried Mrs. Lsster, while a sudden flush dyed her face. 'My John was quite an honest man, he would have wronged no one— him forge his father's name no, indeed !' ' He was only a youth, almost a boy at the time, and he meant to return the money, but the unfortunate act was discovered and my father wrote an angry letter to him, 'and poor John took this so much to heart that at first he intended to commit suicide. He wrote to tell my father this, and for twenty-three years we have believed him to be dead.' ' I don't understand ! I really don't under stand,' cried poor Mrs. Lester, quite bewil dered ; ' only I won't believe anything against John !' Again Alan went over the story, and ex plained as best he could how her husband had been tbe eldest son of Sir John Lester, of Roden Court ; that he had been a gentleman. j 'Then does that do away with my mar riage?' interrupted the simple creature. 'Is that what you're driving at, six? Do you want to make me out no better than I should be?' ' No,' said Alan. ?' Your marriage was, I believe, quite a legal one ; you were my half brother's wife, you are now his widow, and no right-minded person in the face of such over powering evidence would seek to disprove it— but it makes an immense change in my own position.' 'And you mean to say, sir, that John — my John, was the son of a titled gentleman? Wei), I never ! And as free with him as I used to be 1' 'I believe you were a very good wife to him,' said Alan, and again a smile stole over bis lips. ' Well, sir, we were always quite kind like. John never had a hard word fur me, though he sometimes had his joke, because I'm not a great scholard, and he was fond of books and readin', but then we can't be all the same, I used to tell him. And he was a good father, tir— I've seen tears come into his eyes as he used to look at our Jim, when he was a little lad ; and when he was away in the Ingies this five years he' was always writing about Jim's edecation. I've done what I could in that way, but I'm sure I don't know ? ' ' Is he well educated ?' ' Well, you see, air, he is a very high-spirited lad is Jim, and boys will be boys— but many and many a time I've mourned that his deal: pa was not here to be over him a bit — and his dear pa won't come home now any more !' And again tears filled the honest blue eyes and rolled down the mottled cheeks. 'You must tell him of the great change of life and fortune that is before him,' said Alan steadily; 'and now, Mrs. Lester, I wish to arrange about my poor brother's funeral. You naturally wish to see your hus band again?' 'Oh 1 yes, yes ; 111 go a hundred mileB to see him again.' 'I have thought of that, and I have also thought that John should be buried among big own people. For generations the Leatsrs have been buried at Roden Church. We bave a family vault there ; bis father and moth* lie there ; you will agree with me, I am sure, tbat his proper place is beside them ?'' ' It seems most natural-like, certainly.' ' What I propose is is that you and your son should go down to Gortmouth to-day, and thus you wnl see your husband, and make all the necessary arrangements for .his removal to Roden; and as this will cost. money, Mrs. Lester, I will draw you a cheque.''' But the newly-made widow drew herselfjup at this proposition. 'No, thank you, sir,' she said, 'John need not be beholden to any one but his wife for his coffin. It may be all true about bis fine friends — I'm not doubting your word, sir — but they did nothing for bun in hie, and he won't trouble them after he's dead.' ' You forget we did not know he was alive.' ' Well, sir, that may be, bat I prefer to go to the expense of burying him myself, and I'll promise you none of you need be ashamed at the way he will be put into his grave.' 'l Then will you accompany him to Roden ? My mother, Lady Lester, will, I am sure, ba happy to receive you.' ' Dear me, sir, is your ma Lady Lester ? Then she'll be my poor John's step-ma? It seems all so strange I cannot understand it.' ' And you will come to Roden ?'' 'No, thank yon, sir, I wouldn't be at my eaBP, that's the truth. I'm not one of those who say all folks are alike; their flesh and blood may be, but there's a deal more than flesh and blood in this world. The hupstarts never look like tbe real thing to my mind — they're just veneered over a bit, and we all know how soon veneer cracks.' 'Then you do not believe in universal equality,' ' All nonsense, sir. If those Red JJepublics and those Radicals had it their own way and levelled us all down one day the sharpest of them would be setting himself up over us again the next. There must be differences, and I know my place— bnt give my respects to your ma all the same, and tell her poor John shall have everything moBt respectable.' Poor Mrs. Lester had for the moment almost forgotten her grief. But she and Alan finally settled all arrangements for once more bringing ' John Lester to his old home. Then Alan took bis leave of his half-brother's widow, with the sense of a painful duty fulfilled, and shortly afterwards he and Major Doyne quitted Plymouth, and before nightfall Alan was at Roden. He walked through the darkening park alone, after parting with Doyne, who was going on to Kingsford Grange, where his father and mother lived. 'You will tell them,' he said simply, as he clasped his friend's hand. Frank Doyne only nodded his head in reply, and started on his homeward way, with a very grim and unhappy look on his face. He knew he was tbe bearer of a terrible disappointment to his whole family. They had all been so elated at Annette's engagement to Sir Alan Lester. Mrs. Doyne had written about it, and boasted about it, and had said she had always known her dear girl would do so well, though in reality she bad on various occasions been very anxious about Annette's future. Annette was such a pretty girl, or rather such a fascinating girl, that her various badly endowed lovers had been a constant source of anxiety to Mrs, Doyne. When, therefore, Alan Lester asked her to be his wife,. Mrs. . Doyne could not conceal her pride and satis faction. And now? 'I wish Iwas out of it,' reflected the valiant little soldier, striding along to fulfil his un welcome task much more unwillingly than he would have marched to a battlefield. ' I think Alan's been too precipitate— but he's a fine fellow — and I don't know what else he could do.' In the meanwhile Alan had crossed the park, and had entered the small drawing- room, where bis mother usually sat. She was there now, and her pale pensive face lit with sudden joy when she Beard the footsteps of her son. 'Well, my dear,' she said, holding out her thin white hand, which Alan took, and then bent down and kissed his mother's face. 'And you have got back, Alan?' For a moment he could not speak ; he stood there looking at her by the flickering firelight, for the lamps were not yet lit, and he was wondering with unutterable pain and sadnsss in bis heart how he could best frame the words tbat must fall as a crashing blow upon his frail and gentle mother. Lady Lester felt his hand tremble in hers, and lifted up her thoughtful beautiful eyes, and looked in bis face. ' What is it, my boy ?' she asked tenderly. Then Alan knelt down by her side, and laid his bead on her lap as he used to do when he was a little child. 'A great grief has come to us, mother,' he said, 'a great change;' and then he told her, and Lady Lester listened, growing paler and paler in tbe flickering light. ' I have done right, have I not, mother ?' he asked at length. - ' She stooped down and kissed bis hair, his cheek, his brow. ' ' You have acted as an honest gentleman, Alan,' she said at last, with a little break in Tier voise, 'and — and we shall find strength to bear the blow.' ( To be continued. ) 