SPORTING INTELLIGENCE. RACING. After the declaration of the first forfeits yesterday, 23 remained in the N en market Handicap, and 13 in the Australian Cup The following horses went out of the New market Handicap yesterday -Grace Darling, Middlemarch, Stafford, Blink Bonny), Dura non, Lnttailous, Chuckster, Prince Imperial, Gratitude, Dirk Hatteraick, Lord Wilton, Velocipede, Anchorite, Ben Bolt, L indo bor ceror. Meteor, Meander, Sir Garnet, Albanua Loco, Citoyenne (dear), The Deer, Sirocco, Waverley, Speculation, Allluence, Jocular Chloe Ulalume, Magnilc, Louis, Clinrde lier, Clarendon, First Prince Perch ince Kag mun, Derison, und Maori Chief Hurricane veno, Abner, and Cardigan were scratched last week The following were Yesterday s non acceptors for the Australian Cup Reginald Monte Christo Prince Impend Dunlop, Aelceipedc, Comet, Ben Bolt Metal Angle se), Duke of Athol, Clarendon, Maydena, and Maori Chief. Abner was at back out last week The second forfeit of 5 sons, for the New market Handicap and Australian Cup has to be declared and pallion Thursday), the frith inst, or nominators will be liable for 17 acres. and 15 says a balance of sweepstake, respects ely A dozen colts and fillies here yesterday left in the VRC Sires Produce beal es to be run on 1 thursday), the 4th of March They include Mad Delma Philip Augustus The Nun Indent, Munnirtinn, First Consul, and Louise Berta. The following were yesterday's scratchings for the Champion Stakes -I ri ingenue, Carlisle, The li other, King-, of the Gipsies, Arsenal Commotion and Lord Wilton. the entries for the Albury) Cup and other ei cuts to be and at the annual meeting of Albury Racing Club, on the 17th and 18th of March,closethia evening to Mr C Ten Brink, the hon. secretary at the Globe Hotel, Albury The Cup is a handicap of 5 says each, with a trophy value 100 Sovs , given by Mr L. Ryan, and 100 sovs added by the club Entries for the following country meetings close to day -Nathalia Race Club Seymour Race Club, Kaarimba Turf Club, numurkah Turf Club The general entries for the Ararat Turf Club meeting on Wednesday and Thursday), close to night, at the turf Hotel Ararat We have been requested to state that the pedigree of Donald, winner of the Geelong Juvenile Stakes, was incorrectly given in the official programme issued by the club. The colt is by Progress, out of a mare by King of the KinD-Musidnrn the dam thus being full sister to South Hamilton Alusidora la dam of Briseis, Sea Spray, and Miss Tessie Donald is therefore a remarkably) well bred colt The farewell dinner given to Mr Robert Howett last week, on his return to England, was organised by several members of the Victorian Club in an individual capacity), not by the club as a both 1 here was no betting on the New market Handicap at the clubs last night, though a few doubles on the race and the Australian Cup were booked now and again the Champion Stakes, however, was brought into notice through the opposition evinced to Nordenfelt, one operator lying about 1200 at 2 to 1 Middleraiuch Gratitude, Lord AA ilton, Bis Bis, Albinus, Anarch), Sir I Lancelot Chloe, Leporello, Glimmer, and Claudian were struck out of the A J C O ikleigh Hand cap yesterday), as were also a velocipede, Chloe, and Maori Chief out of the Hawksburn Handicap In the list of weights for the Shepparton Handicap published in The Argus of yester du, the name Bonnie Bee has given instead of Honey Bee VICTORY A It RACING CLUB The following horses were left in the New market Handicap and Australian Cup on Monday, as the result of the first forfeits - MVVMVIlkll HINDU, li Aliandloapsnecpstakcsof 20bois each 15ft with 350 boys aided Tlteaccond ItoioetoreccllelOOsois and the third 60 sovs out of the stake Second forfeit 0 sovs ) to be declared and add to the Secretary of the VRC R C , or b 1 J C before 4 p m on Thursday) thlchruar) or the nominator will be liable for 1 share of sweepstakes (17 sons) Three quarters of a mile Malua -Io art Come let Merrimu Irralcc lionel flew Sister lent I herpool The Ghost Sea U me I plausible UllirulT-Il Tile Baillie On less Ur 1U Monto Christo Waterloo His Ills Thunderbolt both St. John Dun lop Cen e and blue hat Her -Mistake W indicator Claptrap . Ironmaster The Andia Remus Tarpeia v Grivell Luroelvdon Sol list is as filly Calida Garten a Squireen A U S 12 S H 7 3 7 1 Fair Ellen Cocoa tile Burrilda Du) o o Athol First Lie 11 O.lkldLtl Lu bri Childe Harold s Merlin Bond i Doon Maroondah Lcporollo lillico Patrick Barcaldine -vtplcalllua Clrolla pomona Lade Hell Corda. Unca. 11 0: Uncas) Sea yes I in union Salvo Morceau Isltiuacl .. Majdcw Lorelei Millstream St. Odille Islander 0 17 b 19 U U G 13 U 21 bill 0 10 6 100 0 0 0 AüsrnALTAV cur handicap sweepstakes of 20 shots, each 15 ft with -OOaddeel lim handicap weight of the winner of the 1 It 0 St Leger to be not, less than 7st 5lb and the winner of any handicap of the value of 300 boys after the declaration of the weights to carry -5lb extra of two or more Bitch races rib extra time Second horse to receive 100 sow-, and the t! lr I am sovs out of the stake So oud forfeit ( Nova to I u declared and I aid to the secretary of the II a . J C orbAJC before 4 p m on Thursday, 25th February., or the nominator will be liable for balance of steep tal as (I. soon ) Two miles and a quarter st lb M Rochester 7 1 Stornaway 7 r Uralla 7 5 am Israelite "71 I cross don 7 0 Ccr co and blue (i 1 lien us fund -intimate -view Lorne Oakloliih Afilucuca Kohat did do Harold Herman Uttrrllda live. Prince Ditto Yellow Hammer Hunter Verbena 7 7 7 7 0 100 10 11 10 11 0 Malua S) cet Anchor Su 1 us Grace Darling Duration M become Jack Mount Jvorlcn'clt Off Colour Coronet . flourishes Kit Nubbles Moncado t Sister hint UntMlcr 1 herpool Don late of Miner's J Jim Corbett Mixed lot is ma be -al dal The following colts and fillies were left in the undermentioned event on Monday - birds inoDuci- STATES, Of 20 sons, each, lift added to a subscription of "the shots each from the of years of sires for two carol Is the produce of sires whose of tiers are t, I. ribera to this State Colts bat 10lb fillies 2 a lb the nominator of the sire of the winner to receive loo sovs out of the stake and the second 1 rose to receive 10 per cent on the gross amount of the stake the half tore it to be declared *afl>p&id; to he V R C secretary, before H a m. state day before the face of the nominator will bcvQiCaaior the whole stake three quarters of a misses HI S Miller s b or br c Munwyrtina by Glorious Here sir I S. Lows b of La Crosse, by Glorious-. Cio plot Mr v D Robertson s b f Theatre, by first king -1 ingratiate Hon J V late s b of Philip Augustus, by Chester Hill a (Imp) Hon J V hite s ch c Trident by Robinson Crusoe -Lo our of Mr F de Mcstlcsbr of by Robinson Crusoe Sun shine Mr E. de V «» o a b c by 1 iscator-Jersey Lily air . Monday s br c by I lieatoi-Itagpleker Mr S G COOA a br c by entries alone Adieu (imp ) Mr A I Clarke also First Consul by Gang For ward Joseph ne (Imp ) lion M A I on a di t Ma lifeline by Ivecl cravat -Meg Merrilies Mr L L, Smith's br f Louise Berta, by Darriwell \- little VICTORIA AMOR in turn CLUB Below are the entries for the steeplechase, Selling 1 ace, and Hurdle 1 ace, to be run at Caulfield on Saturday, the 13th inst. The weights for the two handicaps will be an nounced on Wednesday - H DICAl STEER L CHASE, Of 50 sovs., with sovs each added the second horse to receive 60 boys., and the third 25 lots Ttvomllcsauda half Mr M Loughlin a br g Monson aged Mr C Russell a oh of Sailor aged Mr W DollJ apple a big Euchre are 1 Mr M H Siilthabgl'ra.re.s sec Mr J Glaaseockach g liar 1 Times and lion VI 1 carbon a bail Lady Ashton and Mr A Harper a br c Stauq c le aged Mr Jas Paterson br g King Henry, 4 yrs Mr J M Grade abel ride and Mr J Pile s b g Bob Cooper aged Mr J Harbottle's re g Koulctto bra Mr A H T Hart's b g Narrung S j« Mr S M Wilson a but Caledonian 5 yrs Mr S Miller's b g Mernder 5 yrs Mr S Miller's bgStulloj 5 yrs Mr M V\elniana|,E Hi-Irishman Guyra Mr A souls oh a. patchwork aecU SELLING. is Chief lvO soie. The winner to be sold for £100 F furlongs Mr E «.ok» s bri Ship (in), ago! Mr W Russell ? b h torchlight (nil) aged Mr J Cohen s br h Meander (and) aged Mr A Harper's b g a critique (2.5) lives Mr J Cruickshank a b g Steinohrt o (nil) 4 yrs Mr R Haines a ch g direct (nil) f, yrs Mr A Saqui a b g hqtilrccti (his) son, Mr 1 Osborne a b f Uralla (has) 3 fra Hi. O Cook a bi, Uncle Dick (AM), 2 yrs Mr R G Talbot s b f A robot (nil) 3 yrs Dr O Ham's b in Mabel Gee) (nil), 5 l am Mr J Paterson a h n Uranus (nil) 6yrs Mr CHT Hart be Jocular (nil) 4) re Mr W Langley) s br h Stationer (n 1) sired Mr A. R Robertson's ch h D rk Hatteraick (£50), for Mr D A Robertson a cht"trai-iit Shot (nil), 4 yrs Mr I Foulsham b c TI o printer (nil) lyra Mr I G IleiisblcNuicto 'nil) 6yrs Mr J G ReldsbgGoll topsail) Oaks Mr J D Robertson s b li Mistake (nil) 6yrs Mr J Warnes of Ttr 11 on (nil) Ira Mr S Allister s br c I am (till) 4 v in Mr J loliaekns by _ 1 rises (nil) 2) ra, TERDICH and LOIS RACE. Of ljO soon as one horse to receive 30 soil and the third "0 ov s One mile and a li of Mr L G Calvert's be; Dcrintra, aped Mr J Ware s I I solvent bits Mr M Caire) al cr Chatsworth yrs Mr C G s cock a b c Ma no ia 4 yrs Mr 1 Weeks s chu Fusilier ore I Mr 1 Cob n s slim Royal Maid aged Mr H Moran of z Al never seen Mr L. F rouchel ns b c Don and vote, and Mr 1 Mr roses he F i ill) as I Mr R Gee) ill. Mirth 4 am Air VI O Connor I r It Master's stop aged Air IN Board s b o lion while J as Mr W S Cox's limb The Chief 4yrs J E R. C Wilson b li Waverley are Mr and Talbot. trclllpnoirifT 4yrs J E M O Bro n s I r g V a i Terms 0 in Mr I IlarbottlesbcCeiiontea 6yrs Mr J sea e a b h Bon Bon 5 yrs Mr J Clarke s be a Vernet 6yrs Mr I D) Robertson's b h Estate from Mr 1 VI and a the civilian t yrs Mrs Miller's b c soon be used Air I Slmsonsblh sinking. fund 6yrs vii Vf I title s b c Trot em 6 y rs Mr R Phillips 8 chin Tattler are 1 MOONI 1 A ALLT V li RACES. -The following are the entries for next Saturday at Moonee A mile) meeting the weights for which will be published on Thursday - . M VID-N PI VTL. Of aO 6013 1 also fairly ica and a half I!) latta Quint u Matsep Al eitel Far an A errs I funnier The 1 cracked I heel of Walton Cincinnatus DouCioian I met 1 Se) Ha As) mine no Bridegroom G Iona Brc b) Marlbyi Mistral Rizzio nong Adieu Talimacl Lo us Jocular Medea Kool) to Bishop next r And Straight Shot by near livNDicvp Of 60 sons Sixfurlonca Achmet Galatea salvo 1 Invite I Sedition ( once 1 in la A tolet Black D among B mile Doon is a a lot Valdes Mavourneen Hill to Harold Berkeley Barcaldine Anchorite Hunter Dirk Ilatteralclc SELLING RACE TO 801 s. Weight for age Winner to be sold for 100 sons Four furlongs i Opctatto Trlshna } Blue Lstucral la France as I elleralSeobcloff last letter Bruce Dirt Haltcratcl Dunlop both her Boy Achinct Galatea The item stockbroker Gipsy) Warning Allander Gcnoo Vila Cara Jl 7200 Gardenia Black D amond Lil area is returner The chanter Belmont A atha ( hilda 11 hold First 1 op Aucborltc. Dirk Hatteraick NOVa SELLING RACE. DO seas. Winner to be sold for 40 sons Four and a half furlongs. long; Dulcot General Scobeloff ) Navy Blue Trlshna inna MIA itv Dic vi Of 60 sons Half a mile Aicncl lar van ran Snip Honora ball of Orlando Breeze from the Dundee Sedition Mabel Grey Giiolla Linda Violet Melodious Loretto May dew Mavourneen Willi m Tell Bishop Baronldlno 1 rises Biuco Straight Shot Dick Tattersall Dunlop S ALr T Ulm CLUB Mr TING The following are the handicaps for the above meeting, which take place on the 17th and 18th mat - FIRST DAY -WEDNESDAY, FEB. 17. SALE H IN MC Al Of 5 sons each with 60 sort added One mile and a Camerino to 1 Mining 7 2 ditto 8 7 lad hotel 7 1 tantalised 8 1 Castilian 11 11 Gardenia 7 11 Glenlivet O 17 to 61 after 7 11 Lucerne 6 0 The Earl . 7 7 Danseuse U 7 HURDLE 11,101 01 10s each, with SO EOIB added About two inches at Is still Tanlallaor 11 1 The Trades II 10 -Fusilier 11 0 Canute I) 7 Pride 10.10 Htzroy 1) 0 Brown Girl 10 4 SECOND DAY-ImmsDAT, Tm 18 PUBLICLY- PURSE, Of 2 sovs, each vvtth.Oaovs added Onomllo st lb st lb Camerino D 4 Glenlivet . 7 0 Ditto 8.10 Castilian 7 0 Gardenia b 0 The Gift 7 0 The Chanter 8.0 1 arsenic 0 12 IboLarl 7.10 DoiiGiovan Oil Mustang 7 7 Danseuse 0 10 Jack Roach 7 4 loving ead 0 10 Lord Chancellor 7.3 srtcinciiisE 01 £2 109. each, with 50 Sovs, added About two miles and a half at lb st lb Trumpeter 12 7 Pride 10 12 Lady Ashton 1. 4 Topsail 10 O Ulaekthorno 12 0 Sunlight 10 O Marquis o! l water The Masher . 100 ford 11 0 Quadrille 0 7 CAMPBELL PLAT! Orsova call, with40sova. added Six furlongs. st lb st lb Camerino to 7 Don Glover 7 - Gardenia 3 4 TheTradcr 7 1 lite Chanter S 4 Bonnie Lad 7 0 TloLarl 8.0 Little Queen 7 0 Austrian 8.0 Black Snake b is Lord LI anceller 7 7 Lord Sutton of 11 the Girl. 7 4 First I met G 10 Snip 7 4 Tom Bell U 8 Castilian 7 J Dexter 0 8.0 Vow LES, Handicapper GEELONG RACING CLUB The following stakes have been passed for payment in connexion with the annual meeting of the Geelong Racing Club Mr W A Long last in Sires Produce Stakes a . £410 0 0 Mr J V hill near 1st in Geelong- Cup (and Gold Cup value 10in-.) 20a 0 0 and In I The. Star ed 10 0 0 and in Handicap . 200 0 Mr ST O'Shanassy - 1st in 1 oal stal ca "ad m Gold Cup 318 0 0 Mr J Harper 1st in Han heap _ ... Mr J D Robertson 1st in Trial 'Stakes GO 0 0 and In Sires Produce Stall ca 0 0 0 1st in Grand Stand Stakes b3 0 0 Mr J Simpson 1st in Hut The late Mr I Foulsham 1st In Come farm Plate 75 0 0 "ed by Grand Stand 1 late 100 0 Mr W O -the 1st In JmciltoStaloa 2 2 72 0 0 Mr R. J Sa after 1st in Stewards' Purse - 2. A US 0 0 Mr a Tattersall 1st In Selling Stakes ... GO 0 0 Sundry small amounts ... 103 0 0 ^ PEDESUUANIöÄT FLEMINGTON HANDICAP Entries for the opening handicap at the Donnington running, "round posit Utily close this evening at Gurney s Flemington Hotel The entry is 103 and acceptance the same. The sum of 100 sovs is offered a son of which will go to the first man PIGEON SHOOT FIND A valuable trot by and a 2 BOV S. BW caretaker will be shot for at the Hurling! am grounds this afternoon Entries on the ground up to noon YACHTING THE STUDENT AMATLblt YACHT CLUB The second event for a trophy presented 1 to the junior members of the Tr lent club by the senior ii members took place at Albert park last Saturday afternoon. The following were the competitors VIZ -A victories Kelpie F Marks Uanda 1- Georges Cutlet Laurel Navigator and N Woods Litt e A strong" westerly wind was blowing when the and was fired at the start. They all got away well to gether the Cygnet you in di up the north buoy first followed closely I j the Lands and sell to the other two close 1 chand During the heat to windward and then run down no alteration took place but after round! g St Kilda island the Collet grounded, and the Kelpie slipped in between the Wanda and the I tin lid and took first place. During the 1 cat to wind ward elm increased her lead the A and being second and the Cygnet third in the next round the lands, hold is g- a better wind than the Felt he came floating alongside her thus make " the race very II teresting to the cause no the Cj gaeta 1 Here were making a (500 race for third place. Ah lost at the finish of the room 1 the Kell 10 grounded for a couple of seconds just Sailing time for the Wanda to take first place The race at the. Point became an ex cited to the commencing time of the last found the Hube capsized The same positions were maIn tain e 1 until within a very short distance of the we must, post Ihu Kelpie had now come right alongside the first boat nil 1 the two boats passed the winning; line almost together and it was not certain which boat had won 1 upon the on for decision being given the Rely It was pronounced as 0 first boat, the Wanda second and Coronet third the Navigator held., a long distance in the rear, Mr Maori ham acted as starter and judge _ SPORTING TELEGRAM. a new Gun CouutarosDENT SHEPPARTON, MONDAY 'The booths c, in connexion with the Shepparton races realised upwards of £100 J iii. right for the holding of the business men that, of the club during the ensuing year HUB purchased by Mr O Wilson, of the Royal Hotel for AND 