POINTS. By Needle, A man, bearing the stamp of a lunaticre cently deprived of his senses, rushed into the Editor's room and asked to have the following published. Thero it is in his own words, taken down at tho time :— Wearied by toil and nursing up rovongeful feelings against tho fato that compelled mo to work for an Employer on a bare pittance, I was slowly wending my way along one of your main streets, when, suddenly, my attention was drawn to a lean, lank, dejeoted;looking individual who had just quitted ono of tho palatial houses iu the street. The appear ance of the man at onco enlisted my sympathy, as I could too plainly see that want aud niontal suffering had reduced him to a moro skeleton. Darting suspicions looks after him to see that ho was not fol lowed, ho stole away down the street to wards tho river. Secreting myself as best I could I kept him in sight, and followed him around tho road until I saw him seat himself under the shade of ono of the trees bordering the river, near Mount Eliza. Tho thought struck me that ho had ohosen this secluded spot to end, in one act, tho troubles that seemed 'to weigh him down, and I was doteuniued I would prevent him from performing such a rash act, and event ually holp him on towards tho high-road to prosperity. Ho sat down, as I said, and, pulling olt his battered hat, pulled from out of it a greasy handkerchief, with which ho doggedly wiped his worn countenance. I stole closer to him, and at last planted my self behind the tree, and then I heard him say, ' Yes ! I will do it.' Quietly ho put his hand into the pooket of ' his coat and drew out— Ha! I rqq a revolver wrapped iu paper.— Yes, suioide ! Ho coolly nufold ed tho paper, and by the shadow cast ou the ground I saw— Oh 1 heavens ho drew it out aud pointed it to his month. Frantical ly I screamed out, 'Hold, foolish man; what would you P' I had arrested him in tho act of— eating a saveloy, I apologised to him, and on closer acquaintance he in formed me ho was ohief Reporter on tho loading morning paper in tho Colony, aud always had his dinner by the riverside ! * # * ' # The town of Perth is in mourning— ono half ar'o bemoaning their sad fato in Having a large, deposit in the Commercial Bank, whilo the other half are equally sorry that they havon't. # ? # # Comes along a horrible tale from a country township, which calls at once for tho introduction of Responsible Govern mont. Adolphus was a clerk in the West ern Sausage Company, and had recently taken to himself a charming und vivacious wife. Clara had such nice relations, and her cousin George had recently arrivod in town after a long absence, and was a par tioularly welcome guest at the house. Adolphus, one afternoon, prevailed upon the Manager to grant him a half-holiday, and immediately ho walked homo to spond tho afternoon with his darling wife. He WOUt in'bv the bank jratn. nnrl Roniinv Vhh wifn in tho garden at tho rear of the house, stole up behind hor, aud, covering her eyes with his hands, drow her into his nrms and hiss ed her passionately. 'Clara simply saul, ' Oh ! George j you are, you know you aro.' And now George is not ff welcome visitor. # * . » # A nigger objeots to cold j he smiles under tho most burning heat. Query. Does ho go to the same Hades as I shall ? # . # # # ' Time Tables ' aro to bo abolished nrih inally 5 virtually they havo coased to exist for some time. For the future a train will be called back if a passenger gets on to tho station before the train is out of Bight. # . # «? # D Waddington's Syndicate is up and doing. Whore is tho other man ? Not gono off with spontaneous combustion I hope ? # « ? # ' # The artistic beauties of the Esplanado Pavilion are not further beautified by tho new roof, which is less ambitious architec turally than tho first, promises to be of some use. _ Tho pride paternity is engrafted so deeply in human nature that its eccen trioities are proverbial, but they surely can not by any possibility be suoh a pridoin the designer and approver of tho Pavilion of the City Supervisor and tho ' great and good Georgo I. ! ' Onoo no doubt thoy hopod to produce a close resemblance to the palace ' which leaps like a fountain from tho grass to meet the sunj' that little day dream is surely over. I would then venture to suggest that beauty need not bo further considered, and that somo means be adopted to screon the west side of the struoturo from tho glare and rain which beats through between roof and flooring. # w # , « ° Tho young men with high collars and strong tendencies to inoinient mashordom aro now full of contrition, though with emptied pockets, for their heartless mash ing of the departed opera lasses. Tho taste of blood has seiued;and grown upon these dangerous Lotharios and tho intimation of tho approdoh of another troupe has roused the latent passion, and accordingly, plans of conquests aro being matured and alto gether the coming artistes may expect a bad timo of it. Poor oroaturos $ what a ' chawing up ' thoy will get. # # * « Tho now Reformors sent to redeem the farmers ( and squatters by suffering and tribulation— Rabbits and Gribble, The great ' Don ' Has sat upon Tho Reverend John B. Gribblo. # # * # The llerald's apostlo of ' light and cnl tnro ' is foggy— asoribod to bad typo. # # « # High School v. M.C.C. Betting strongly 011 Boys ! ' # * ?? # * Congregational Literary Union discussed 'tho eft'oot of trees on rainfall j' thoy havo Biuco solved tho effeot of rainfall ou the olive-branches who attended thoir school feast. ?» # * « The Cambridge Gulf Magistrate is being initiated into the secret of dealing prompt aud effective justice to drunks and disor derlies. Low opinion of future work ? # # # # W.A. anxious to havo it known that new Herald editor is not yet in harness, in faot not yet fit. It took 'Martha' somo yoars to learn how it's done, sho objects to any ono else loarning it in quicker timo. « # * » 'Say Ghost j almost forgot you, Thanks for your admission of my oudoavours to push your paper. You'ro honest though you are dull, a saving virtue not possessed by your oonfrdres. What think of my %)oilry j true ring, oh P Just try and en courage each other. # * * « Moro twaddle. ' Molbourno Tea-tablo Talk ! ! ' # # # # I read with pleasure thp recent address delivered by tho conductor, of the Gorald ton Musical Union. Iho loyalty of, tho members appears to bo flagging, and' the raimn d'etre of tho culdross wtis an ondoavor to infuse frosh lifo and energy into the Society. It oxamplo and precept and the power of eloquence aro recognised in that solf-asscrtive town tho address should have tho desired effect. That it may do bo, I devoutly wiBh. So also do I mourn that our Colony has so fow, nay, no other like unto tho able and enthusiastic conductor of tho Geraldtou Musioal Union. By bis earnestnesa and enthusiasm, couplod with that capacity for hard work and that fund of good temper and patience which is so heavily requisitioned/ he has succeeded in placing his Society iu a position far above all othors of its kind in our Colony. In a town with a fow hundreds of peoplowo find a Union more vigorous in its growth and immeasurably superior in its fruit than exists in the City with its thousands. The musical talent which so happily con gregates in and around Goraldton, though of exceptionally high an order for so Binall a community, is not suffloicenfc to explain this difference. Thero is no lack of talent in our City, but there is a sad, sad lack of leaders, nay, 'even of a leader. Wo have no Mr. Hart among' us, and until we find buoIi an one, or rob Geraldton, we shall con tinue to bo in our present (musically) back ward state. Wo want a Dens ets-maehina with that ability, that good temper, the tact and tho lovo for the work which Mr. Hart possesses. We havo a few enthusiasts, but thoy aro incompotent ones, who could not, if they would, assume command, or they aro indolent ones who shrink from tho labour which is requiiod of them. I tniBt the GaraldtoniauB justly appreciate tho gen tleman who does ao much to afford to them tho elevating and refining recreation whioh nuisic is almost unique in affording. 