EOHOES O MELBOURNE [BY TuII GlOsT.] How true it is that the evil men do lives after them ! The Parliament that placed the Shops and Factories Act on the Statute Book has gone the way of all triennial Parliaments, but its legacy of crude and ill-digested "grandmotherly" legislation still remains to disturb the piece of the colony. The Assembly has given fresh point to the well-known fable of the old man and his ass, and in its endeavour to please employers and employed has simply succeeded in pleasing neither, and in virtually setting them both by the ears. Framing acts of Parliament in such a way as toallow of their principal provisions being overridden by City and Municipal Coun cillors is assuredly an experiment which even so inexperienced a politician as Mr. Deakin is not likely to repeat. Fortu nately for the good name of the colony, the police have succeeded in restoring order; but during three evenings the chief thoroughfares of the cities of Fitzroy and Collingwood and the town of Richmond were quite as much in tihe hands of the mob as were the approaches of Trafalgar Square in those of the London2 roughs on the occasion of the late Social istic demonstration. In its present shape; the act to relieve the overworked shop' assistants from their long hours of drud gery has been proved to be unworkable; and those for whose benefit it was specially designed have very little to be thankfuli for. Employes are now permitted to en gage themselves to their employers for an indefinite number of hours per week, and as the res angusta dotmi compel the majority of unfortunate shop assistants to meet the wishes of the more grasping and, money-grubbing shopkeepers in regard to keeping open until a late hour, even the poor privilege of grumbling-the one in herent right of the Briton of which neither King, Lords, or Commons can deprive him -is thus bartered away by what by a' legal fiction is called the voluntary act.' The blame of perpetuating the ' white! slavery " of shopmen and shopwomen rests, however, with the artisan and labouring! classes. They have succeeded in securing for themselves the boon of eight hours as the length of a legal day's work, and are, now careless of the rights and comfort of2 everyone else. The earnestness of Victoria appears at, least to have awakened the other colonies of the Australasian group to tihe immi nence of the danger and inconvenience which would inevitably follow the occupa tion of the New Hebrides by France. Meetings have been held in various parts of the country, and in all the principal centres of population, at which resolutions protesting in the strongest terms against the course proposed to be taken in regard to the cession of the islands to any foreign power have been carried with enthusiastic unanimity. Sydney and Adelaide have followed suit, and even far off Fiji has raised her voice in protest against the great wrong which Lord Granville appears ready to perpetrate. The loyalty of this colony-which bears the proud distinction of being named after England's Queen has never yet been called in question, but it is nevertheless beyond a doubt that the sentiment of attachment to the mother country will be subjected to a most severe strain if the British Govern ment persists in working its will in regard to the Now Hebrides, in defiance of the strongly expressed and well- known desire of the colonies to see the islands annexed by Great Britain, or the treaty in regard to their neutrality religiously re spected. If Mr. Gladstone and his col leagues are unable to understand the aspi rations of the people of this portion of the Empire and undo the Gordian knot, why should we not act for ourselves ? In the words of the old jingo song "We've got the men, we've got the ships, we've got the money too." And in what more noble mission could a united Australian force be employed than in protecting the shores of its native country from pollution by the scum of the rascaldom of an alien nation ? Were the Australian colonies to take the bull by the horns, and send some of the vessels now rusting unused in their ports, and a num ber of their sons, who would gladly volun teer for the duty, to hoist the Union Jack and the stars on the islands already ours by right of discovery and occupation, the mother country would assuredly, with the experience gained in regard to New Guinea to guide it, hesitate before ordering our standard to be hauled down, in order to allow the tricolour of the Republic to be hoisted in its place. The proposal of certain well intentioned but silly philanthropists of the mother country to send a number of their skilled artisans now out of work in the largo manufacturing centres in England meets with but scant favour in Victoria, and is likely to fare oven worse in New South Wales and South Australia. Indeed, there are people in our midst who would fain treat any intending competitors in the local labour market in the same inhos pitable fashion as Mr. Harper's sheep, imported from England by the R.M.S. Parramatta on her last visit to our shores, were treated. And apropos of this sheep episode, is it not rather an arrogant and short-sighted policy on the part of the flockowners of Victoria to favour regula tions absolutely prohibiting the importa tion of live stock of all kinds from coun tries beyond seas? Are the herds and flocks of Australia not capable of improve ment by the infusion of new and improved strains of the best bovine and ovine blood of France, Germany, and England ? The sheep and cattle breeders who in a high state of alarm interviewed the Com missioner of Customs are apparently of opinion that there is no improvement pos sible, and insisted upon the imported long wools being kept out of the colony. Mr. Harper by a little finesse and monmruvring managed to outwit the Customs officials, and succeeded in tile face of thie regula tions in landing his eight stud sheep and lodging them witlin the wralled enclosure of the sugar works at Sandridge. His triumph was, hovever, short lived. Directly the news reached the Government, which happened at the time to be assembled ata Cabinet meeting, peremptory orders were issued for thie im mediate execution of thie new arrivals, tie sentence--Mr. Harper's earnest protest to the contrary notwithstanding being carried out during thie course of the evening and thie carcases of the victims burnt. Surely even the intelligence of the Australian squatter ought to be equal to devising some better means than total prohlibition for keeping disease out of their flocks i Scab, that dread disease to which ovine flesh is hIeir, was not many years ago prevalent in all the Australian colonies. It was stamped out by judicious management and strict legal supervision. And this beingso itdoes seem:just a little ridiculous that no proper and effectual means of pre venting the introduction of animal disease into the colonies short of actual proleibition can be taken.On one hypothesis is the course taken by the gentlemen who insisted on the destruction of MIr. Earper's stud sheep comprehensible. MIost of them are breeders of stud sheep themselves, and, advancing with the times, they have become protec tionists. SThie Rev. Mr. Strong has for the nonce ceased from being baited by the Melbourne Presbytery, but that "unco guid" assembly has transferred its atten tions to Mr. Dods, who is supposed to be tarred with the same brush of heterodoxy as his late superior of Scots Church. When he was first threatened with a charge of preaching doctrines unsatisfactory to Dr. Morrison, Mr. Dods was called upon to produce his written serumons tor the in spoection of his clerical brethren. When Dr. Morrison ran away from the attack andpoint blank refused to lay any definite charge against Mr. Dods, contenting him self with alleging that the reverent preacher's enunciations were, to his think ing, vague and of a negative cilaracter whlatever this may imply--most rational people might have supposed that the demand for the production of the objection able discourses would not have been per sisted in. Butlike the tiger who has once scented blood and longs once more to satiate his appetite in gore, the reverend gentlemen who fancied they lihad scented heterodoxy were determined not to be baulked of theirjintended heresy hunting. They have accordingly insisted upon the production of the sermons, and as Mr. Dods respectfully declines to submit them, there being no charge formulated against him, he is to be prosecuted by his Chris tian feollow divines for contumacy. Surely the court in which tlhe famed Jedburgh justice was wont to be administered must have been a Presbyterian Assembly I Presentations are just now all the vogue. The latest recipient of a testimonial is Mrs. Bent, the cans sposa of Mr. Thomas Bent, member for Brighton, prize cabbage grower of the district, and at present loader of her Majesty's Opposition in the Legislative Assembly. The good old lady has been presented with a diamond brace let and a ruby set gold locket. People who are privileged to claim the acquaintance of the lady assert that the gifts violate in a flagrant manner "the eternal fitness of things." A mangle or even a nest of wash tubs would have been far more useful and appropriate, and doubtless far more appre ciated by the recipient than the trinkets tendered by her admirers. In connection with the latest development of the testi monial business the question arises as to whether it is not just now being a little overdone. Beyond marrying the honour able Thomas, what has Mrs. Bent done that she should be singled out for special public honour ? There are not even any little Bents to perpetuate the Opposition or ths "stonewallers" wlhen the honourable Thomas shuffles off this mortal coil. April 11. 