OPENING OF- A CATHOLIC CHURCH AT MITIAMO. Tho new Roman Catholic (Jliurch, recently erected at Mitiamu by the inhabitants of the sur rounding district; was opened and consecratod by the Rev. leather Murray, of Queensland, with groat solemnity on Sunday. The building is in the Gothic style of architecture. It is about SO feetju length, ind. 2G feot in width, and is capable of seating about 800 persons. It has a chancel arch and li(jhtpitched Gothic ioof with buttresses. Mass was said by the Rev Father Madden,of Keraug, the choir-singing Haydn's No 2 Mass. Several mem bar's of St Kilian's choir, consisting of Mossrs Tamlyn, F. ivtacoboy and jl. Macoboy, and Mrs Tamlyn aud Misa Whito took p.irt in the render ing of the mass, assisted by Mrs Hayes, of Goor nonir. The Rev Father Murray preached an olorimiiit sermon, selecting as his tort tho gospel of tho day on "The descent of the Holy Ghost." Ho ondaavorod to show ■'briefly how the church in its wonderful ostablishmont in tho be ginning as well as in tho early part of' its history proved its divine construction. Ho felt assured I hat blessings innumerable would I'eault to hia hearers and their children! for th'a part they had taken in building a new church wherein to give glory to tho God of Hosts.'""'"The" rev. gentleman said it was one of tho most edifying and striking sights lie had aver seen, to observe the interest and piety oxhibited by the largo congre gation, many of those present having'to come many miles to take' part in tlw ' ceremonios. Vespors were sung by the Rev Father' Madden, and the Rov Father Murray again delivered an' eloquent difCJurso on tho'words'" No man'can servo two'masters." Mrs'Tamlyn sang "0' Salutaris," with fine eff'ct. She also presided at the organ during the day. A word' of praise . is due to I)r Austin, Mr O'Brien, Mr Boylo and several members of tho-laity for the manner, in which they carried out the arrange ments. It is expected that all work necessary to complete the church, both inside and outside, will ,be carried out as soon as pos'sib'o 