Great Home Rule Meeting in Brooklyn. The Brooklyn Eagle gives the following description of a monster home rule meeting held in that city, a suburb of New York : — The Mayor introduced General Catlin as the speaker of the evening, and when he stood up to deliver his address he received a round of applause. General Gatlin spoke as follows :—At such a time, in such a crisis in the history of a struggling and long-suffering people, no one man, no single individual can afford to take credit to himself for the right royal welcome which you have just given me—it is the great cause, the sublime idea, the glorious sentiment that brings us here which have evoked this magnificent demonstration and must have and receive all the credit. If you welcome me and applaud and encourage me for that cause, I thank you sincerely and profoundly, for I not only profess to he, but really am deeply and profoundly interested in that cause, not to-day or yesterday, or last week, or last month, or last year for the first time, but as long ago as I can remember to have learned and appreciated the grievances of which she has complained and the wrongs from which she has suffered. My God, fellow- citizens, are we not upon the declining side of the nineteenth century, and has not the influence of the prens and the pulpit, the school-house and the college penetrated into and illumined the dark recesses of ignorance and superstition V lias not the sun of civil and religious liberty risen to the very meri dian of its splendour, and does it not from that lofty altitude shine with equal effulgence and benignancy upon the bogs, and moors, and mountains of Ireland, the banks and braes of Scotland, and the sunn.\ hills and rock-ribhed shores of Kngland ? At any rate, after a century and nearly a decade of free Republican Government here, with absolute equality of laws lor all peoples and all religions, can it be that there is an intellect here in our miiRt, within the shadows of the church spires and school towers of Brooklyn, so besotted with prejudice and so intolerant of religious freedom that it shall be envious or afraid that the distressed people of Ireland, Catholic though the large majority of them be, shall at last be treed from that pestiien tial creature, the Trish landlord, or shall be permitted to walk upon the gteen earth and breathe the free air of their native heath in the absence of an English constable and out of the reach of the insolence and the wea pon of an English soldier ? If there be such a weak and impotent intellect, let it be re moved and “elegated to the rural shades of Flat bush or the County Farm, where my friend, Commissioner Joe Reeve, will gently ad minister unto its woe-begone condition for the brief and miserable period it may have to live on earth. Why, fellow citizens, the glad echoes of joy at Ireland’s hope have reverberated throughout both continents wherever intelligence and liberty have a foothold. From the eloquent pens of the greatest living preachers, our own Beecher and Talmage, we have lately read words of cheer and encouragement to the friends of Ireland in this crisis. From the great scholar and prince of Presbyterians, Dr. McCosh, president of the Princeton College, the champion of the Protestants of Ulster, we •recently have heard the advice to his Ulster friends that they had better accept and grace fully submit to the alternative of an Irish parliament, while the opposition forces in England and Ireland are basely appealing to the religious prejudices of the people of Ulster to oppose the proposed measures for home rule. From far off Australia come congratulations to the friends of home rule ; from the various provinces of Canada come the same sort of cheering words. From the mayors of cities and the legislatures of States ; from the great organized masses of the people all over this country, without dis tinction of creed, of politics or nationality ; from the German American and the Irish American, and the native American, indeed from all classes and conditions and races of men, from Protestant and Catholic, from Jew and Gentile, there has gone up one universal shout for the liberties and rights of this op pressed people.. And who is going to stop the ball thus set in motion ? A few lords and landlords of England, a few royal favourites in Ireland and a few bigots in Scotland? Oh, no. Will the cry of dis union, of ultimate separation, of ultimate in dependent nationality for Ireland stop the present measure of only half justice for a gallant race of men? Will the appeals of shallow statesmen to the prejudices and fears of the natural and hereditary enemies of Ire avail anything? Will the ghosts of the Land Leaguers, the suspects and dynamiters be invoked to appear to frighten and terrify the old fogies and old fossils of a rapidly expiring system of hereditary government ? Will the phantom of freedom, of free re publican government, which Ireland pants for and aspires to ami ultimately will have, I say it considerately, which Ireland ultima tely will have, will this phantom be conjured up to stay tiie march of fate, the march of justice, the inevitable realization of Ireland’s hope? Oh, no; the word has been given, the decree has gone forth, and neither will ever be taken back. A man whose intellec tual and moral powers and beauty have gone hand in hand for half a century, in whose life have crystalized the progressive thought and conscience of the great English empire and largely of the civilized world, who is peerless in perspicuity of statement, match less in clearness of conception and construc tive power, and unrivalled in persuasive eloquence, who leas stood like a city set on a hill for fifty years, making mistakes, it is true, hut making no mistake no compromise with his conscience ; such a man at once the loyal subject ami actual ruler of the United Kingdom, has “ risen like a strong man after sleep and shaking his invincible locks, ” has grappled with the monster of prejudice and wrong and trampled it under Ids feet,and in its place has lifted up .and un covered the serene and beantitul but long concealed features of justice, which even now are begining to smile graciously and benignly upon a people that have borne the cross and worn the thorn for seven hundred years. Is there any doubt about it, my fellow- citizens, now ? Any doubt about home rule and plenty of it, and of the right kind, and Brooklyn kind, for our over-governed and coerced little neighbour across the sea ? Any doubt that Irish farmers will earn their bread by the sweat of their brow upon their own lands, without the minions of absenteeism sweeping down upon them for the ever-last ing rent, rent, when there is no rent and no money' to pay rent ? Any doubt, about it, I ask—any doubt but that the next laws of capital importance to Ireland will be passed by an Irish parliament? Any doubt that the 12,000 constables who are now practically forced on the Irish people, and who are worse in some respects in the petty tyrannies they daily inflict upon them than the old slave driver of the South was to the human chattel which he cut and flayed at his own sweet will ? Any doubt that they will go where the wood-bine twineth ? Any doubt that the terms of their official lives are practically numbered already, and when their places are filled it will he with men who are “native and to the manner horn ” and whose duties will be prescribed by their own law-makers, and whose responsibility will be rendered to their own judges and to their own administra tive and executive officers ? With England’s greatest statesman, and he the first Minister of the Kingdom ; with the noble gentlemen and accomplished statesmen who are at his side and behind him ; with Parnell, the cleverest Irish statesman of the century, not excepting Grattan and Emmett, and his eighty- five true and trusty followers standing firm as adamant by him r with the cables under the seas and the ships upon the seas continually groaning with their burdens containing the most over whelming evidences of support and sym pathy from all Christendom—can there be any reasonable doubt that this measure of home rul6 shall be triumphantly carried through the present imperial parliament? But if it be not carried now, what of it ? It is inevitable —it has got to come. The great est confession in the nineteen centuries of the Christian era before the great court of public opinion has been made by the greatest repres entative of the progressive sentiments of England, and by the actual representative of the Crown and the Government—a confession of unparalleled wrongs heaped upon an outraged people—and all the statesmen of the Opposition combined, supplemented by the voices of all their followers in the empire and out of it, could not now wipe out that confess ion or justify those wrongs and outrages. Be fore the highest court of the world, I repeat, by the Prime Minister of a Christian ruler, on the threshold of the twentieth century7, in the face of high Heaven, an unparalleled con fession of English guilt of the commission of crimes against Ireland has been made, and who now can take it back or deny it ? Who can deny the imperial confession made by the accredited chief of the imperial Government? Can Mr. Chamberlain, or Lord Harrington, or Lord Randolph Churchill, or the gallant Major Saunderson hurl a denial into the teeth of the Government and say “ Thou liest? ” Oh, no, they dare not do it; and, what is most signi ficant, they have not attempted to justify the conduct of England towards Ireland. And, pray, then, I ask again, what will be the result, even though the passage of home rule measures for Ireland be not carried through successfully during the existence of the pre sent parliament? What of it? Certain it is that no other legislation can proceed until Ireland’s just demands are complied with. England and Scotland both are clamouring for certain important legislation for them selves, respectively, but the measure that is introduced by Scotch or English statesmen will scarcely live while its title is being read, hut will be'fired into the committee room, the legislative morgue, where it will sleep the sleep that knows no waking. And this confession, this great measure of justice for Ireland, settles one thing for ever and ever — it, sounds the death-knell of coercion. Mr. England, Messrs. Lords, Commoners, and Chancellors, you have got to find a new way to govern Ireland, or else let her govern her self. A dark)’, who had trouble with his girl, asked another darky how he got along so nicely with his girl, when he replied, “ If you want"to get a girl’s love you can’t do it by sulmlgenee, you got to get her love by lumbertation o’ words.” Well, now, England has been trying to govern Ireland by suhul gence for 700 years, and she hasn’t made out Very well, and now she has got to try lumber tatii n o’ words, or else let her govern herself — one or the other. Subnlgence, violence, coercion, repression will hereafter be ac counted among the lost arts of legislation in England so far as Ireland is concerned ; and as old Johnny Ball and the little Bulls are not given to lumbertation o’ words, arfi not given to soft answers that turn away wrath, are not given to the soft notes of the turtle dove or to the sweet chirp of the wren, but are more given to roaring like unto the lion, to pulling back like unto the mule, or to being driven backward like unto the pig, the only way that I can see for Ireland under all the circumstances is to be allowed to hold the reins of government in her own hands. And I have faith to believe that she will, under the strong, evenly balanced, just hand of Parnell, aided by his noble Irish coadjutors, show a fitness for enlightened self-government that will augur well for her own immediate, as well as distant future ; and she will at a day not very far removed be fully clothed in her own shining autonomy, anxious and deter mined to join the ranks of the free nations of the earth, cutting the last cord and breaking the last link that holds her to the great and mighty Power that has governed her with a rod of iron for 700 years. May Irish Atnericans, and German-Americans, and French Americans, and native Americans, and Americans of every creed and nationality combine to give her aid, practical and abun dant— give to her encouragement in works as well as words ; and may the priests and preachers carry the Gospel to her according to dollars and cents, according to potatoes and bread and butter, as well as the sweet consolations of the teachings of Him who spake as never man spake, aud who noteth even the fall of a sparrow. At the close of General Catlin’s address, Schneider’s orchestra played a selection. Miss Catlin, the general’s daughter, was given a perfect ovation. She sang “ The Minstrel Boy,” and in response to an encore remark able for its warmth, she rendered “ The Star Spangled Banner.” Judge Van Wyck, when introduced, was applauded. He said that a brave soldier and a brilliant editor had just spoken, and that had done such justice to the question that there was scarcely anything left for him to say. Yet he would be expected to s something about the present crisis in Ireland, and out of which she is likely to get relief. The speaker said that the measures now before the English House of Commons for the future government of Ireland were first home rule, which virtually meant repeal of the Union, and, secondly, a Land Bill which would give the land to the people. The Irish look to these measures as the essentials that will make Ireland a nation (applause). Here the speaker digressed and said that the wi'ongs these colonies suffered from were nothing compared with those which the Irish people have had to bear for centuries, and unless Ireland was relieved, her sons else where, as well as on this soil, would redress her wrongs. Now, rny friends, continued the speaker, in a fatherly manner, let me adjure the sons of Ireland to remain united and strengthen the hands of Gladstone, of Par null, and of Davitt; to sink all differences, do away witii all petty jealousies, practise more self-abnegation, and these men will raise their poor, down-trodden country out of the slough of despondency, and give her a place among the nations of the earth. (Ap plause.) The Mayor next read the following cable gram, which was immediately after sent to Mr. Gladstone :—• “ Hon. William E. Gladstone— “A citizens’ mass meeting is held here to night in Grand Army Hall, the Mayor presid ing, the Hon. the Board of Aldermen and the Board of Supervisors of Brooklyn, New York ; national and State legislators, vice presidents, addressed by eminent citizens, pledge you our hearty good will in your present advanced position.” The hall rang with applause, when the Mayor stopped reading. 