THE FAR NORTH. By Photeus. The goldfields discovered nearly twenty years ago in tho neighborhood of Fort Durwiu have fouud employment for a few European miners, and for numbers of Chinese, ever since, but havo never proved sufficiently attractive to create any excitement in the southern colonics. Tlio gold which has been recoutly fouud iu tho Kimberloy district, lying to the west of theOrd River and south of Cambridge. Gulf, bus had a more agitating effect, and if later accounts con firm tho statements which havo been published relative to tho probable extent of auriferous faint return of tho gold fevers so common over thirty years hack may bo witnessed amongst us. Tho Kimberloy field is situuted iu tlio colony of Western Australia, but extends close to tlio boundary of tlio northern ter ritory of South Australia — how Irish these names sound — and is sufficiently far norlh to have for its nearest ocean outlet, Cambridge Gulf, wbicli lies about 250 utiles south-west of Fort Durwiu. This portion of our . coast . liue was first explored by Captain King in tho year 1819\. Two years previously tin expedition uudor his command hud been rosolvcd upon, uuder tho joint direction of tho Admiralty aud tho Secretary of Slato for tho Colonios. Act ing under their instructions Captain King renchod Sydney, and purchased a teak - built cutter named tho Mermaid, of 84 tons burden. which ho fitted out for tlio purpose, his crow- consisting of twelve men and two boys, officered by two mates, one of whom, Mr. Roc, subse quently bocaino Survcyor-Geuoral of South Australia, aud was well known iu connection with Australian inland exploration. Cap tain King was also accompanied by Mr. Allan Cunningham, tlio celebrated botauist, whoso monument is a conspicuous object in tho Sydnoy Botauic Gardens. Tlio Mermaid sailed ou her first voyago on 22ml December, 1817, proceed ing to her destination by way of theso southern coasts, which wero then tcnrtutless, and calling at Oyster Harbor, King George's Sound, to obtain wood aud wator. This placo bad been visited by Flinders 1G years before, and his vessel had stayed sufficiently loug t0 ennblo him to sow some seed and plant a garden but all traces of his handiwork had- dis'npiieirod Aflcr surveying a portion of the uort hern coast Captain King returned to Sydney, starting on a second voyage iu tlio same little" vessel in ifar 1819\. This timo lie went by the east coast ami through Torres Straits, recommencing his survey nt WcsscI Foint, the western horn of our great northern gulf n was on the 19th September that" noon ascending a high hill on Adoiphus Maud Caplniu King caught sight of anolhcr hill on tho mninlaud, which he called Sliukspearo Hill overlooking n fine sheet of water, which was named Cnmbridgo Gulf. Tho bead of this gulf disappeared among high hills, nnd King was quite confident thnt a large river must disembogue into it. Under this impression ho ascended the inlet, first in the cutter, and then when it became narrow nnd tortuous in the wlinlebont ; but the water continued salt 60 miles from the sen, and at lost, when Kinuconhi further, he had reluctantly to admit (hat there was no river of any magnitude emptying itself into Cambridge Gulf, He lauded ou (lie cliffs to exnmiiio the country. The scenery is described ns not picturesque, hut .with a grandeur of its own, amid its aridity. " About 3 miles from the party was the base of a very remarkable quadran gular mass of hills. Tlioy ran abruptly from the salt- incrustcd plnin in steop slopes," which terminated ia cliffs nnd precipices, or rochy cscarpments,-- over tlio grassy incline.. The cliff protruded at timos so ns io resemble the ramparts of n fortress,'' with " bastions nnd counterscarps ; and King thought it only 'wauled a ilug at tho summit to make the ap pearance complete. . Of course this was n piece of tho usual sandstone table laud, and its shape is ono of tlio mnuy varieties of form which these monuments of former denudation assume as they slowly weather iu the atmospiiero. It was named Mount Cockhuru. All around, (lie country appeared most desolate; the grass, which was quite dry, wnutccl hut a spark to set the whole country iu Humes, aud the scene required but such an ad dition to make its lurid appearance complete. Tho soil was a stiff clnv, covered with salt, and tho only traces of life in this lonely laud were tlio footsteps of somo native dogs nnd the watch fires of tlio savages iu the distance. Thcro was no inducement to remain in such a place, and King turned his buck upon it us upon a locality on which the curse of- God had fallen." Such is the description given of the surroundings of Cnmbridgo Gulf. King's second voyage terminated on 12th January, 1820, aud in the course of it lie had exploredaud surveyed 540 miles of coast. A naino since distinguished in tho annals of tho Capo Colony and of New Zealaud is inti mately connected with the history of explora tion and discovery on the bleak, burnt-up north-west coast — namely, that of Sir George Grey. lu October, 1837, when lie was simply Captain Grey, of tiie33:drcgiuient, hcconducicd au expedition which sailed from the Cape iuihe sclioouer Lynlicr. It consisted of twelve men, with thirty-one sheep, nineteen goats, and six dogs. On the 2nd December they reached Fort George the Fourth, and anchored at sunset eff Kutrauco Island. Actuated with the cuthusiasui of youth, and iu utter ignor- anco of tho character of tho couutry, Grey was eager to comincnco his explorations. The next day tliey were becalmed, und lie proposed to the captain of tho schooner to land him with a few men and somo dogs aud await his coining at the lower cud of the bay. For the following graphic account of his experience I am in debted as for my preceding quotation, to Rev. Julian Woods's interesting history of Austra lian exploration: — "Scarcely had the boat re turned when Iio found out his mistake. The day was clear aud hot, -und tho sua threw down , a scorching ti- at upou tho fiery red rocks around them. Cooped up in a vessel for many months as tlioy hud beou, they could not walk far in a temperato region ; but here, where tho stones aud sauds were so hot that one could scarcely walk upon them, where uot n breath of wind freshened tho uir, nor a single Iree gave them shelter, ono can oasily imagine what their sufferings soou wero. But this was not all. Tho surface was tho red sandstone, so creckcd and broken, so fissured and piled that it was like climbing a ruin, aud amid tho stone grew tangled brushwood and spiuifcx gross, hiding the crevices so that meu and dogs fell into them at ovory step. It was easy to sec that this could not continne long. Grey discovered his mistake too late, and now tlio schooner was oat of sight and hearing. All lie could do was to make towards some shady spot, mid there rest until evening. But such a spot ha could not - find. Mcauwhilo tho heat began to tell upon them terribly ns soon ns the scauty stock of water was exhausted. First the dogs gave in ; some disappeared mysteriously iu tho cracks, aud others dropped down dosil. Then tho men also began to drop behind. With tho greatest difiiculty they woro brought along to a little pool of water iu a picturesque valley and there tho «nvl» rnctml fnr nivliMn ttnf flioir difficulties weru only commencing. When tlicy attempted to move on ngaiu tho men were so enfeebled that tlioy could only ndvunco at a rate which would take them nearly tlireo days to reach the vessel. This would never do, for their lives depended on their reaching tho anchorage that night. Every resource was tried. They plunged into tho sea and essayed every other meiuis in vain to refresh themselves. It was of no use. At last Grey started hi advunco with ono companion, intending to. send out assistance from the schooner. Hero a new oh- "staele arose. At a inilo'nrid Vhnlf his progress wns stopped by nn nrm'of Ihe sea' about 500 . yards wide, out of which tlio tido was sweep; iug like a lorreut. What to do now Grey was at a complete loos to know, Ho hud never thought of- such dangors' beforehand nnd tho nmduess of his project camo very reproachfully beforo him. His companion could not swim, and for Grey to eo nlono seenicd very hazardous. To say nothing of tho danger from sharks auu alligators, thero was a native perched upon tlio rocks on tho opposite side, nud wbcro he was more might be. But Grey's resolution was eoou taken. Ho must render assistance to ins compauious, so lie resolved to cross. Ho stripped to his shirt, nud, with his military cop upon his head, anil a pistol in his hand for de- feuce, he plunged- in.4 ft A-I.l : tHo- iprptcctioiv tt>a pistol was likely to afford was soon destroyeu, for tho current was so imjiotuous Hint it became a strugglo for lifo with Groy, and tlio weapon was nbaudoued. Thou tho cap caught so mucn water that tho chin strap would havo obo"1 him had ho not abandoned that too. After a fearful struggle tho waves threw him upon the opposite shore Wounded and exhausted, ho clambered up the rocks with nothiug in the world about liim but his shirt, and just in time to hear the war cry of tho savages closo to where he lay. Fortu nately, it was nearly dork. Ho managed to socreto himself in a crevice, not daring to show- bis head, or to look around and see where his companions or tho schooner might be. His position was a trying one, hut nature could hear no more, and in spito of lii3 danger he fell asleep upon tho rocks — a very different spoctaclo from what lie had presented when he started in tho morning. From this position ho was rescued by a boat from tiie schooner about ten at night, and thus terminated his lirst ad venture in Australia." I can form somo little idea of what such an attempt as this of Sir George Grey's in his » hot youth"— too hot youth on this occnsion— really implies, for I onco spent a week in that » far north" in tho month of December, and although it is two and twenty years ago 1 re tain a singularly vivid recollection of it. It was at Escapo Cliff, Adam Bay, where the lirst' essay in settlement from Soutli Australia was made— n locality thoroughly unfitted for the purposo, and which was soon Rftcrwnrds ex changed for file slightly higher laud surround ing Fort Darwin, about 40 miles distant, where the town of Pulinerston is now located. 1 proceeded to Escape Cliff in the steamer conveying the second contingent of South Australian udrcuturcrs, which wont by way of Torres Straits and returned by the west coast, inus completely circumnavigating the island continent. I stayed in die localily as long as tlio steamer stayed — no longer. During that broiling week 1 ascended (he lliver Adelaide some dozen miles in n boat, rode over to Chamber Buy, where tho flag planted bv Stuart, the overland explorer, stilt fluttered— or rather hung in tho torrid suushiue without tho ghost of a flutter — caught fish, fired at alligators without producing the slightest effect on thorn, and watched tho horses being swam ashore, with alligators— great beasts 18 to 20 feet long— only kept from seizing hold of them liy the constant firing of guns and pistols. Tho pervading aspect of tho country to my mind is red hot sunshine, able bodied mosquitoes, white ants and lierco red ditto, tarantuhc, centipedes, snakes— sea and laud — giganticbluckfellowsaudalligntors. I attempted a walk one morning of certainly not more tliun a couplo of miles, and I can't remember that 1 ever felt so completely prostrate before or since in my life. Possibly when I was an infant in arms I might have been weaker, but I did not notico it. Thai was in latitude soutli of tho equator about 1 2 degrees. The Kimberlcy gold- field is about 17 or 18. The difference is too slight, however, to menu much, and I can most sincerely declare that if gold be turned out there puro and unalloyed by the (on anil only needs raking together, my rake will not be found among the number of those scraping at Kim berlcy. 