NEEDLES = Short, Sharp, Shiny. Rutt on rats. Bayonet work. "Oh, that boy." Only one change. "Come along, Gun." Mr. Newland has gone. McCoull not arrested yet. Torrens Island ready again. Parliament at work to-day. Forrest committed for trial. A clever Government move. Wallaroo has got a Minister. "The Magistrate" great fun. Requiescat in pace, Newland. The Government stronger now. Plenty of fish at Port Adelaide. A parson pleads for the parsons. Rats making it lively at Hergott. Granny reports pigeon matches now. A Permanent Force man bayoneted. Mr. Spence is again Chief Secretary, Government and Opposition pleased. Mr. Spence is a shrewd administrator. A well-deserved honor for Mr. Furner. How about "that cruel sport," Granny? Mann cannot cope with rats at Hergott. Arrivals last week, 146; departures, 406. Johnny Bray will make a Budget speech. Murray Smith welcomed back to Victoria. The little Treasurer will go and sit by Ben. More good work for Kapunda by Mr.Dutton. The House will present the address in reply to-day. There will now be a C.P.W. in the Lower House. Sydney raising money for Lyeemooa sufferers. Paddy Coglin has some jawbreakers for this afternoon. The City Council want a reduction of the sewer rates. If you want a good laugh go and see "The Magistrate." Mr. L. L. Furner will bring strength to the Government. Messrs. Cotton and Bosworth had a small meeting at Gumeracha. Pigeon shooting once condemned by Granny is now reported by her. An erroneous retrenchment. That of the assistant Government geologist. The Commissioner of Publie Works thinks we could dispense with those rats. The late assistant Government geologist should visit the Northern Territory. It is intended to form a permanent Colonial and Industrial Exhibition in London. The Rev. George Washington is chaplain of the British legation at Constantinople. Fancy the rats at Hergott destroying 20 tons of chaff and 100 bags of bran and oats! The Engineer-in-Chief looks on the report about the rats in the north with amazement. A Hindoo named Delhi was drowned at Bombo River, Kiama, while fishing, a few days ago. Little Harry Adams was asleep when the Lyeemoon struck, but he got up "jolly quick." It is proposed in New South Wales to form a department of agriculture and to establish model farms. By a bye-law, No. 38. the Victorian railway commissioners have fixed a new tariff for the conveyance of wool. The New York World has information that ex-President Arthur has Bright's disease, and that he cannot recover. The Ballarat Wealeyans held a great jubilee demonstration recently, and the collections are estimated at £2,400. Miss Cleveland objects to shoulder-strap sleeves. She always orders genuine sleeves for her low-waisted dresses. Mahoeta, king of Samoa, has placed the islands under the protection of the Govern- ment of the United States. Women who wear birds and birds' wings on their hats should be on their guard. Society is preparing to boycott them. There is to be a pretty general clearance of the officials in the Victorian Government service over the age of 60 years. A large number of copies of the "Hand- book of Victoria" are being distributed throughout the United Kingdom. James Marfitt, an old Golden Point (Bal- larat) pioneer, is dead, aged 48. He came to the first rush there as a boy of 13. The New Jersey Legislature has enacted a law holding peddlers of fruit trees responsible for misrepresentation of their stock. The report of the inspector of explosives for 1885 shows that on many ships arriving in the Port Phillip Bay dynamite is very loosely packed. The explored coalbeds of Ireland, according to the latest bluebook, contain about 209,000,000 tons of workable coal, chiefly anthracite. Dr. Orme Masson has been appointed pro- fessor of chemistry at Melbourne University, and Dr. Laurie lecturer on mental and moral philosophy. A question likely soon to come to the fore is the practicability of tunnelling between Eng- land and Ireland. At one point the distance is under 22 miles. Philadelphia women have organised a society for the protection of birds not used for food, and to suppress the slaughter of songsters for millinery purposes. Sentence of death which was passed on a hawker at New Norfolk (Tasmania) for attempting to poison his wife, has been com- muted to imprisonment for life. At Queen Victoria's last drawing-room the most elegant toilet and most superb jewels that were worn there were displayed by an Ameri- can lady, Mrs. John W. Mackay. T. B. Aldrich lives near a graveyard. Says he, "I have excellent neighbors; they never send in any manuscript." He doesn't mind ghosts; what he fights shy of is MSS. Senator Stanford makes a sort of pet of Chief Naches, and is trying to civilise the red- skin. Upon land given him by Mr. Stan- ford Naches, has just sown thirty bushels of wheat. A recent careful calculation shows that Eng- land owns nearly three times as large an extent of colonies as all the rest of Europe together. Her colonies are 85 times as big as the mother country. The four sons of the late William H. Vander- bilt propose to give 250,000dols. for a clinic for the College of Physicians and Surgeons in New York, to which institution their father gave 500,000dols. The French Government proposes to donate 200,000 francs (40,000dols) to the fund of Professor Pasteur for the establishment of a hospital for the treatment of persons who have been bitten by rabid animals. By the contrivance known as the Turnbull- telephone, people in New York talked with Chicago, over 1,000 miles off, as easily as the ordinary telephone conveys conversation from one street to another. The recent loss of the steamer Feronia on the Dutch coast involved also that of a ship- ment of 5,000,000,000 needles, sent by four large manufacturers in Iserlohn to China. There will doubtless be a " corner" on needles in the Celestial Empire. Girls desiring to have small mouths should frequently repeat rapidly, "Fancy Finch fried five flounder fish for Frances Fowler's father." They have formed societies and are now re- peating the quotation in concert. They hope to get their mouths small enough to be kissed. The postmaster at Ballarat desires to ac- knowledge the receipt of 4s. "conscience money, together with some tracts and advice for his spiritual welfare. Mr. Bechervaise gratefully appreciates the same, and will transmit the money and literature to the de- partment. One of the most remarkable ornaments of the brilliant "at home" on Wednesday night at Government House (says the Melbourne cor- respondent of the Ararat Advertiser) was the magnificent suite of diamonds worn by the wife of one of our wealthiest capitalists, whom I will call Mrs. J. C. A superb necklace of im- mense stones was set off by the flash and sparkle of the butterfly wings of diamonds in the lady's hair, and as she moved through the room superbly apparelled, she seemed a reve- lation of Golconda. The name of one of her Majesty's judges in England was recently employed for the pur- poses of a foolish and mischievous hoax. An advertisement was sent to and inserted in the Era, inviting applications from a large number of persons desirous of being engaged as ballet girls and choristers in a theatrical company. They were asked to call on the following Mon- day on "Mr. Hawkins, 12, Cleveland-row, St. James's." The address given is that of Mr. Justice Hawkins, and some hundreds of appli- cants presented themselves at his house in the course of the morning. 