NEWS OF THE DAY. THE English mail by the Peninsular and Oriental Company's steamer Clyde arrived overland from Mel- bourne, and was delivered from the General Post Office yesterday morning. The latest London date is November 12. "WE are requested to announce that this being Christ- mas week, Lady Carrington will not be at home on Thurs- day (to-morrow), nor, owing to absence from Sydney, will her ladyship be at home on Thursdays for some weeks to come. THE usual meeting of the Executive Council was held yesterday, but the business transacted was merely of a routine character and of no general public interest At 3 o'clock the members of the Government met in Cabinet, and continued sitting until 6.30 p.m. The resignation by the Hon. James Fletcher of the portfolio of Minister for Mines was discussed for some time, but no action was taken, and the matter will be further considered to-day. It was decided that Parliament should be convened for the despatch of business on the 20th of January, and the usual notification will appear in to-day's Gazette. The Cabinet will meet at 2 o'clock this afternoon for the purpose of discussing, among other subjects, the appointments to the Upper House and the list of magistrates. THE Premier received a deputation yesterday from the Federated Building Trades Council in regard to the appointment of a Government inspector of scaffolding, and promised to see to the matter. Sir P. Jennings and Mr. Lyne received an influential deputation on the question of at once proceeding to construct the loop railway from St. Peters to Liverpool. THE Hon. F. B. Sutter (Postmaster-General), like his colleagues, has been for some time past considering the question of retrenchment in his Department in con- nection with the mail contracts next year, and it is believed that a large saving will be effected, partly by abolishing non-paying and useless lines, and by re- ducing the price of some of the contracts. By this means it is estimated that a reduction of £5000 a year will be secured. A saving of £700 or £800 per annum has also been brought about by a re-arrangement in regard to the cleaning of the building. A few weeks since Mr. Suttor, with a view to further retrenchment where possible in the three Departments under his control, appointed Messrs. Lambton, Cracknell, and Hill a board to inquire into the matter and report thereon. Since its appointment the board has met from day to day, and has made a most searching inquiry into the various branches, with a view to economise wherever it is thought practicable without danger to the efficiency of the service, and from the evidence which has already been obtained it is believed that considerable saving will result in each Department. MR. COPELAND (Minister for Lands) and Mr. Suttor (Postmaster-General) returned to Sydney yes- terday, and resumed their official duties. THE Hon. E. Barton (Speaker) has left Sydney for Burradoo, near Bowral, and «rill remain there until after the Christmas holidays. IT is the intention of Dr. Renwick (Minister for Public Instruction) to re- introduce next session — with certain modifications — a bill "to provide for the regu- lation of factories and workshops, and for the super- vision of females, young persons, and children em- ployed therein." In connection with this measure Messrs. Alderson, Vicars, and Wright, representing the Chamber of Manufacturers, had an interview with Dr. Kenwick yesterday, and laid before him certain amendments which they desired to see embodied in the bill in order to meet the practical necessities of the colony in regard to workshops. Their principal recommendations were as follows :— That in the inter- pretation clause the definition of a workshop or work- room should be a place where " not less than six persons " shall be employed for hire or reward ; that clause 7, which provides that there should be only 48 working hours in each week, should be altered to not more than 60 hours; and that clause 8, which provides for the payment of wages on holidays, other than Sundays, Christmas Day, and Good Friday, should also be amended. In clause 11, which provides for eight hours work, an increase to 10 hours was sug- gested, and clause 15 — new factories and workshops to be approved by the board before being used — was ob- jected to on the ground that certain places should not be made public, and the omission of the whole clause was urged. Amendments of a less material character in other clauses were also submitted to the Minister, who, after hearing all that the gentlemen present had to say, promised to give their proposals every considera- tion. IT is the intention of the Colonial Secretary to submit a minute in a few days to the Cabinet, contain- ing a précis of the position of the water reserve, con- cerning which application has been made for conversion into a park. This will be done with a view to utilising a section of the men now engaged at National Park, when their work there is completed, and they will be engaged in laying down roads, and forming the park and lakes upon the plan submitted by Mr. F. A. Franklin. Should the Cabinet approve of the suggestion, those employed at National Park will be set to work forth- with. OWING to the recent adverse verdict of a jury in the Supreme Court, Mr. W. O. Proctor, the representative of the New England electorate in the Assembly, has resigned his seat, but we understand that it is the in- tention of that gentleman to submit himself to his constituents for re-election. The writ for the election will be issued in a day or two, MB. JACOB GARRARD, M.L.A., addressed a meeting at the Presbyterian school- room, Leichhardt, last night, on the political situation. The chair was occupied by Mr. S. G. Davison, Major of the borough, and there was a fair attendance. Amongst those present were Messrs. S. Smith, Hawthorne, and Abigail, Ms. A Mr. Garrard related some of his experiences as a Cabinet Minister, and also gave an explanation of his notions when he became a private member again. He criticised at great length the constitution of the present Government, and declared that necessity existed for the election men who would restore the colony to its former condition of prosperity. He disapproved of some of the measures introduced by the Government, and de- nounced the course of action which was taken in the endeavour to have them passed, which he contended was equivalent to an attempt to destroy the rights of the minority. The hon. gentleman, who met with a very favourable reception, also maintained that the Opposition, in resenting the tactics of the Government, had stood up for the welfare of the people, and were not censurable for the small amount of legislation that had taken place during the past session. This, he added, was due to the bungling of those in power. A DEPUTATION, appointed by representatives of the Associated Banks, waited on the Colonial Treasurer on Monday to suggest a modification of the agree- ment in relation to the banking transactions of the Government. It appears that, after the 1st of January, the banks, or any of them, have the right to withdraw from the agreement upon giving six months' notice to that effect, but it is not likely that they will insist upon doing so if the modifications they propose are acceded to. The depu- tation reported yesterday to the representatives of the banks that they had waited upon the Colonial Treasurer, and that he had desired them to see him on the subject on January 6, and it was resolved that the representa- tives should meet again the day following that date. THE Commissioner for Railways has suspended a goodas clerk in the Rallway service at Orange for irre- gularities in his accounts, which are supposed to have extended over some time. The railway stationmaster has been been suspended ia connection with the matter. FOR some time past the Railway Department have had in force on the Southern and Western lines a system of family and tourist excursion tickets, which enable those who avail themselves of the privilege to travel to the mountain districts, such as Mount Victoria, Moss Vale, Black Heath, &c;, and remain for some little time. The system has not been in force on the Northern line, although the New England tableland offers unrivalled attractions to visitors, the district being more elevated, more healthy, and the soil more fertile than any other on the South and West ; but the Minister for Public Works (Mr. W. J. Lyne) has approved of the extension of the system to the Northern line, so that family and tourist tickets will be available for Armidale, Glen Innes, Ben- Lomond, and other places. The highest point which the line passes has an elevation of 4500 feet. THE Public Works Tender Board sat yesterday, and opened the tenders sent in for various public works. For the erection of a meat market at Darling Harbour six tenders were received, and the same number of persons tendered for the work of laying five miles of piping on contract 43 of the Sydney Water Supply, between Prospect and Potts' Hill. For the erection of a passenger station at Cootamundra nine tenders were sent in, and there were three tenders for the erection of a courthouse at Hay, and a similar structure at Silver- ton. The tenders will be decided in about a fortnight. THE Superintendent of Electric Telegraphs, Mr. E. C. Cracknell, but received, through the Agent-General in London (Sir Saul Samuel, K.C.M.G.) , a hand painted Christmas card, ot very neat design, forwarded by the telegraph officials, Edinburgh, Scotland, to their brother telegraphists in Sydney, accompanied by a note of greeting, indicating a growing feeling of regard towards the Australian colonies by those in the mother country, which cannot fail to be appreciated by the recipients, especially at the present time. The following is a copy of the letter :— The Agent-General for New South Wales. Dear Sir, — At the present moment when the bonds uniting the mother country with her distant colonies are being drawn closer than ever before, a Christmas greeting from a body of people at home to a body of their kinsfolk in Greater Britain seems espe- cially appropriate, and I am therefore desired by the telegraphists to ask if you will favour them by for- warding the enclosed to its proper destination. Yours, &C.;, JAMES Smith." THE annual speech day of the Cooerwall Academy was held last Thursday in the large hall of the school. Among the visitors present may be mentioned Andrew Browning, Rev. Principal Dr. Kinross, Rev. Dr. Cameron, Rev. W. McKenzie, Rev. J. Taylor. Addresses were delivered by Dr. Cameron and Principal Kinross. Mr. Brown handed the prizes to the successful pupils. A report on the year's progress was read by the princi- pal, W. Stewart Page, M.A. ON Tuesday, 21st instant, the annual distribution of prizes took place at the Convent of the Sacred Heart, Rose Bay. There were present Cardinal Moran, Very Rev. Dr. O'Haran, Dr. Hackett, Rev. F. Navarre, pro- Vicar Apostolic of New Guinea ; Rev. Bontemps and Rev. F. McKillop, missionaries at Port Darwin ; Rev. F. Clancy, S.J. ; Rev. P. Slattery, O.S.F.; Rev. P. Macambridge ; Rev. P. Keating, S.J. ; Rev. P. Dunne, O.S.F.; Rev. F. Joice, O.S.F.; Rev. C. O'Connors Rev. F. McGrath, S.J. ; Rev. — Hartzer, Rev. Tierney, Rev. W. Kelly, S.J. ; Rev. W. Coffey. After a pleasing programme, executed with care and taste by the pupils, Cardinal Moran addressed them as follows:— I feel great pleasure in thanking the children for the very choice treat they have given us in these soholastic exercises which we all have witnessed with so great delight, and I beg to thank the children in an especial manner for the beautiful set of vestments just now received, all the more pleasing to me, being as they are the work of the children them- selves. This entertainment has been most agreeable to me, and in the name of all present I return sincere thanks for the pleasure afforded us. These exercises give no more than an idea of what has been done during the year. As the old Grecian who built a stately mansion carried about with him a brick to show of what material the great structure had been raised, so you have given us a specimen of the valuable structure you have raised in the year past, and which you purpose to continue to embellish in the future. You have many advantages here, material as well as moral, for I think that there is no place in the world more richly endowed by nature than this delightful spot in which it is your good fortune to be educated ; but I con- gratulate you more especially on the moral advantages you enjoy in being trained by the reigious of the Sacred Heart. This society has grand traditions, and those traditions are fully embodied in the specimens of training which we have witnessed, and in the esprit de corps that is so manifest in all the works of the nuns of the Sacred Heart. No order has taken a higher standing than this for devotion to the education of youth, and for the thoroughness with which it imbues the minds of the children with sound religious and secular knowledge. The Cardinal having wished the children a happy Christmas and enjoyable holidays, the entertainment ended. AT the Town Hall yesterday afternoon, Messrs. J. Macintosh and W. A. Hutchinson, representing the committee of the patriotic fund, handed over 54 cheques to applicants, representing a total of £4554 5s, 9d. To-morrow, Thursday, the committee will again attend between the hours of 3 and 5 o'clock. IN another column of this issue will be found some information respecting the operations which are being carried on in connection with the dredging of Cook's River, and also an account of a visit which was made to the locality yesterday evening by Mr. Moriarty, Mr. Judd, M.L.A., Mr. Samuel Cook, and a number of other gentlemen. COMPLAINTS have reached us from those who travel by the last railway tram at night, which leaves Bridge- street at 11.40, that a number of tramway employees, whose duties are over at about that time are in the habit of ensconcing themselves in or upon the tram, in many cases compelling ordinary passengers to stand, or more frequently so monopolising the smoking compartments as to oblige lovers of the weed to throw away their half-consumed cigars or to pocket their pipes in full smoking trim, and seat themselves in the other portion of the car. It is contended that although tramway servants may be permitted by the bylaws to travel free, it should be impressed upon them by the authorities that passengers who pay their fares have a prior right to the seating accommodation of the trams. THE new steamer Narrabeen, intended for the Manly Beach passenger trade, was taken for an official trial trip yesterday, which proved very satisfactory, the engines working smoothly, and driving the vessel at a speed of over 11 knots an hour. Great satisfaction was expressed with the material and workmanship put into the Narrabeen, and altogether she is looked upon as a credit to her builders, Mort's Dock and Engineer- ing Co. YESTERDAY the weather continued cool and cloudy, with a strong wind from the southward, and several diizzling showers fell. IT would be well if, during the vacation, something were done to provide better accommodation for the Judge Bar, and others transacting business in the second District Court. At present the arrangements for accommodation would be a discredit to a police court in the remote west. The Judge is put into a wretched box where he cannot come within a yard of the desk without curling his legs under the chair, or crushing them against the wood- work. As his Honor Judge Dowling yesterday re- marked, it is worse than being in the stocks, and during portion of the day he had to stand up and take his notes with the cover of a book for a desk. The unfortunate clerk of the Court, when he desires to get into his pen, has to advance sideways, and, like a thea- trical ghost, slide into his place. As for the press box, it is contrived with most ingenious cruelty, n every essential requirement most effectually not fulfilling the purpose of either convenience or comfort. The wretched accommodation of this Court is a source of continual annoyance to all doing business in it. WITHIN the last few days a small parcel of holly has been received from Goulburn by Messrs. Treseder and Bartlott, at their premises in the Sydney Arcada. The sprigs bear rather more than the average number of berries, and those are of a fine rich tint. The trees from which the cuttings have been obtained were imported by the firm four years since, and they are thriving in a degree far in excess of that which was originally anticipated. A SUPPLEMENT to the Government Gazette, published yesterday, contains a petition from the municipal dis- trict of Canterbury, praying for an increase in the number of aldermen, and a re-adjustment of the wards in that municipality. THE finding of the Marine Board in connection with the recent stranding of Messrs. Huddart, Parker, and Co.'s steamer Corangamite, in Wreck Bay, was given yesterday. The board decided to suspend Captain Le Neveu's certificate for six calendar months. This comparatively light penalty was inflicted in view of the long experience and excellent character for general ability and seamanship which Captain Le Neveu bore. It was shown that to such an extent had his employers confidence in him, that they recently reduced the insurance on his vessel by an amount of £15,000. OUR London correspondent, whose letter appears elsewhere in referring to the Bulgarian difficulty, says that the vigorous language used by Lord Salisbury at the Guildhall banquet has been received with unquali- fied pleasure not only throughout England, but also all over the Continent. In his speech, the Prime Minister declared that England regarded Austria as being in the front rank of defence against the designs of Russia in the Balkans; and that if she deemed it necessary to actively resist the advance south- wards of the Russian element she could rely upon England's moral and material support. There can be little doubt that the determined attitude thus taken by Lord Salisbury has been the chief cause of Russia modifying her demands upon the Principality. His remarks, too, in reference to the British occupation of Egypt, although firm and fearless, must have the effect of reassuring the French of the determination of England to withdraw her troops when she considers her mission in that country fulfilled. There appeared to be some prospect of England and France arriving at a satisfactory solution of the New Hebrides question, the chief suggestions being that Rana should be ceded to England, that there should be freedom of trade in the Pacific, and that France should abandon the sending of criminals to this quarter of the globe. Federation is still an attractive subject for a few in England, but the Times, in referring to an address by Sir Graham Berry, doubts whether he is entitled to speak for Australia or even for his own colony. AT a meeting of the Council of the Royal Colonial Institute on November 5, General Sir H. C. B. Daubeney, G.C.B., in the chair, the following gentle- men were elected follows :— Mr. Hewitt Bostock, Mr. G. Cresswell Crump, Queensland; Mr. James B. Clarkson, coolie immigration department, Trinidad ; Mr. Robert Dobson, New Zealand ; Mr. Ralph Heap ; Mr. George F. Hillman, Western Australia ; Mr. John Lyell Lyell ; Mr. Charles Mitchell, protector of immi- grants, Trinidad ; Mr. John M. Prillevitz, Cape Colony; and the Right Rev. Dr. Sillitoe, Bishop of New Westminster, British Columbia. A MEETING of the New South Wales Commission for the Colonial and Indian Exhibition took place at the Colonial Secretary's Office yesterday afternoon. Present — Sir Edward Strickland (in the chair), Messrs. J. Davies, H. E. Cohen, E. P. Ramsay, R. D. Adams, Critchett Walker, P. G. King, E. B. Wood- house , W. H. Vivian, and Alex. Cumming (secre- tary). After the minutes had been read, correspond- ence was dealt with. Amongst the communications received was a letter, dated 11th November, from the Agent-General to the Premier, enclosing a list of the private exhibits which Sir Saul Samuel has con- sidered it advisable to retain for the purposes of the Imperial Institute, pending the decision of the Govern- ment of New South Wales. A letter was also read from the Agent-General to the Premier, dated 12th November, acknowledging the reception of a cablegram approving of the transfer to the Imperial Insti- tute of the Departmental and Commission exhibits. Mr. Adams presented a report from the committee on finance and shipping arrangements, which showed that accounts had been passed for the month of November amounting in all to £68 14s, 8d., leaving a credit balance at date of £205 19s. 0d. It was pro- posed by Mr. J. Davies and seconded by Mr. H. E. Cohen,— " That the finance committee be authorised to take the necessary steps for forwarding return exhibits to exhibitors, and for the rendering of account sales." The motion was agreed to, and the meeting terminated. AN ordinary meeting of the Sydney Municipal Council was held at the Town Hall yesterday, at which a good deal of business was transacted. Motions were carried to the effect that the Government be re- quested to submit a bill to Parliament empowering the council to make purchase or authorise the construction of tramways; that a bill be prepared providing for the election of the, mayor by the householders ; and that the sum of £800 be offered to the Town Clerk au a retiring allowance. Tenders also were accepted for the erection of fruit markets in Sussex-street. At 1 o'clock the Mayor entertained a number of citizens at a banquet, and amongst those present were the Premier, the Colonial Secretary, and the Minister for Works. Several toasts of a loyal and complimentary character were honoured, and in replying to that of "The Ministry," Sir Patrick Jennings stated that the colony's prospects were brightening, its credit at home improv- ing, and that so far as the Government were concerned they would adhere to their positions, animated with the determination to promote the best interests of the people. A RATHER meagrely-attended public meeting was held at the Town Hall yesterday afternoon, for the purpose of taking steps to recognise the action of William Stanley, who was one of the chief witnesses for the Crown in connection with the recent criminal assault at Mount Rennie, for which six young men are shortly to be executed. The Mayor presided, and a brief speech was made by Sir Alfred Stephen. It was resolved that a gold watch and a purse of sovereigns be presented to Stanley, and a committee was appointed to collect funds, and to carry out the necessary arrange- ments. IN reference to the agitation which has been started in order to secure a reprieve of the six men who have been condemned to death for the Mount Rennie out- rage, we learn that a requisition to the Mayor is now being prepared requesting him to convene a meeting next Tuesday, in order to elicit an expression of public feeling on the subject. ON Monday evening last a well-attended meeting of the parishioners of All Saints' Churoh, Parramatta North, was held in the parochial schoolroom, the ob- jec of the gathering being the formation of a parochial council to assist the incumbent and churchwardens in conducting the affairs of the parish. The Rev. John Done, the new vicar, presided, and opened the meeting with prayer. He then explained its objects, and it was ultimately decided to form a parochial council, to consist of the incumbent, churchwardens, and 12 adult parishioners, the latter to be elected annually. Resolutions setting forth the constitu- tion and duties of the council were sub- mitted and adopted, and the first election of members then took place, the following gentlemen being chosen:— Messrs. J, B. Luke, T, F. Mackenzie, T. Moxham, J. Telfer, Harroway, G. Hill, F. G. Allen, Clegg, H. Kidner, G. H. Scott, W. Harris, and John Lowe. It was resolved that the council should meet in the schoolroom on the 3rd of January next, and after a vote of thanks had been accorded to Mr, J. B. Luke for his counsel and assistance in form- ing the council the benediction was pronounced, and the proceedings terminated. A MEETING of the Local Option League Committee was held yesterday afternoon in the Temperance Hall. The Rev. William Taylor occupied the chair. The principal business of the meeting consisted in making preparations for the coming anniversary. It was resolved to invite Mr. N. T. Collins, temperance lecturer, and G. W. V. T. of the Good Templar Order, to address the annual meeting, and to give information of the great progress of temperance, especially in the States where prohibition prevails. Nominations were received for the committee for 1887. The meeting closed with the benediction. MR. GEO. J. REEVE, the hon. secretary of the New South Wales Literary and Donating Societies Union, writes to the following effect :— " As all the gentlemen who spoke at the inaugural meeting of the above union were from the Opposition side of the House, some per- sons may think that the union has a political bias. Will you kindly allow me to state that the union is entirely non-political aud non-sectarian, and that mem- bers and supporters of the Ministry were invited to take part on the occasion who, however, did not respond to the invitation." A CORRESPONDENT, signing himself "Tripod," writes to us suggesting the construction of a canal from Bondi Beach to Vaucluse. He gives the following reasons in favour of the proposition: — That it would encourage our colonial engineering ability by employing it to out a navigable canal. That it would cause an immense increase in the value of all contiguous property. " That a few miles of dangerous navigation would be saved, and Port Jackson would have two outlets instead of one. That the locality would be made secure in the event of war, as in its present state there is nothing to prevent a hostile force from landing there ; and, lastly, that it would change Waverley and Woollahra from scattered suburbs to the strong outworks of a populous city. A VERY interesting public debate took place last Thursday, in the Congregation School Hall, between the Petersham Congregational Literary Association and the Petersham Wesleyan Mutual Improvement Society, subject: " Should members of the Legislative Assembly receive payment" The Mayor of Petersham (Mr. J. Wheeler) occupied the chair. The question was discussed in the affirmative by Messrs. B. Morris, Geo. J. Reeve, and B. Holland (of the Congregational Society.) The opposition speakers were Messrs. Taylor, Beach, and T. H. Nash. On the question being put to the meeting, the ministry were declared victorious. A vote of thanks to the mayor for presiding brought a pleasant evening to a close. THE supper given by the Fraternity of Mutual Imps on Monday night in their lodgerooms, 118, Pitt-street, was a great success. At the hour of meeting (11 o'clock) the chair was taken by Mr. D. G. Clyne, who was supported by Messrs. W. H. Lane, W. Horace Bent, Warwick Gainor, and Hairy Leaton. The vice- chairs were filled by the secretary and treasurer respec- ively, and they were supported by the other members of the fraternity. The toast-list consisted of " Our Visitors," proposed by the chairman and responded to by Mr. Cameron ; " Music and the Drama," proposed by Mr. D. Low and responded to by Messrs. Gainor, Lenton, and Bent ; "The Press," proposed by the hon. secretary and "The Mutual Imps," which was drunk with musical honours . This is the first entertainment of the sort to which non-members have been admitted, and will probably add several new members to the list of Imps. Music and recitations were provided by Messrs. Gainor, Barrington, Bent, Teece, Lawler, Shepherd, De Groen, Sullivan, Low, Craig, Clyne, and Leston. AN interesting entertainment was given on Monday evening in the Christ Church School, Pitt-street, by the mission workers of the Guild of St . Lawrence, to the children who attend the school carried on at Darling Harbour by members of the guild. The entertainment was provided by some of the workers, and there were about 100 children present. The programme included a magic lantern exhibition by Mr. C. S. Wilkinson, and a Christmas tree, which was beautifully lighted up, and from which presents were distributed to all the children. The Rev. C. F. Garnsey distributed the presents and addressed the children. At the conclusion of the entertainment, cheers were given for Mr. Wilkinson and Mr. Garnsey, and the children dispersed, thoroughly satisfied with their evening's amusement. This mission is deserving of public support, as it is being carried on in one of the worst districts of the city, and may be the means of rescuing many from degradation and sin. A BAZAAR in connection with the Devonshire-street Congregational Church was opened on Monday after- noon in the schoolroom adjoining the church by the Mayor of Waterloo (Mr. G. Anderson). In the evening vocal and instrumental selections were rendered. Last evening musical selections were rendered by members of the Waterloo Congregational Church. The object of holding the bazaar is to aid in paying off the debt of £1000 in connection with the church. The receipts on Monday wore very satis- factory, and it is expected that the large display of fancy and useful articles contributed by the ladies of the parish will induce many to buy some of their Christmas presents at the bazaar. The sale of articles will be continued on Thursday, when there will be no charge for admission. FROM a report of the Bands of Mercy of New South Wales, some particulars are obtainable with respect to these praiseworthy organisations, which have for their chief object the prevention of cruelty to animals. The first "band" in this colony — the Sydney Band of Mercy — was formed on January 7th, 1884 , by Miss Francis Levy, assisted by her sister, the late Mrs. Goorge T. Clarke, in whose house the meetings were held. They commenced with 15 members, but the numbers rapidly increased, and eventually adults as well as children were enrolled, and after much uphill struggling the effort was firmly established. In March, 1885, the first Sunday School Band of Mercy was formed here by the Rev. C. Gibson, then curate-in-charge of St Andrew's Cathedral, and a branch was formed at Arthurleigh School by Miss Baxter, others following in due course. Mr. Meek, M .R. C. V. S., has consented to act as honorary consulting surgeon to the Bands of Mercy, and also to the Women's Branch of the R. S. P. C. A, in New South Wales. Eleven of the bands are temperance organisations ; and a notification has been received from the Minister for Education of his full permission and approval should others be formed in the Public schools of the colony. Branches have been formed at Rylstone, Carcoar, and else- where. A YOUNG man named Robort Train, a resident of Parramatta, experienced a narrow escape from a fatal accident on Sunday afternoon last. He was proceed- ing along the Southern line, near Liverpool, accom- panied by a companion named Bell, and while crossing a long viaduct a train was heard approaching. Bell managed by great exertion to get across safely, but his companion became flurried and was not so fortunate. Twice he partly fell through the sleepers, and eventually, in sheer desperation, threw himself over the viaduct a distance of 40 feet. Fortunately he alighted on his feet, and on going to his assistance Bell found that his injuries were con- fined to a fracture of the right leg above the ankle. Train was conveyed to Liverpool, and the limb was set by Dr. Beattie. FREDERICK HEALY, the boatswain of the s.s. Rock- ton, while descending position of the rigging yesterday, with two buckets in his hand, slipped, and struck his kneecap on the edge of one of the buckets. He was admitted to the Sydney Hospital, and attended by Dr. D. Gwynne-Hughes, who found that the kneecap had been fractured. A MARRIED woman named Susan Lackin, residing at 18, Hutchinson-street, was taken to the Sydney Hospi- tal yesterday by a neighbour with her forehead severely cut. Her breathing was very laboured and pulse weak. The injury was inflicted, it is stated, by a blow with a tumbler. THE following is the order of musical service at St. Andrew's Cathedral this afternoon :— Magnificat, Wesley, in F ; Nunc Dimittis, Wesley in F ; anthem, " Teach me, O Lord, the way of Thy statutes " (Attwood). WE have received the November number of "The Magazine of Art," published by Cassell and Co. : Messrs. Boyd and King's catalogue for December ; Card describing Christinas excursions arranged by the Tourist Bureau ; and almanacs for 1887 from the offices of the following In- surance Companies — Scottish Union and National, Norwich Union, Imperial Fire Insurance, National of New Zealand Fire and Marine, Liverpool London and Globe, and New Zealand Fire and Marine. 