NOTES IN PARLIAMENT. ;f ho man upon whom everything depended last night was Mr. Melville. It was a ques tion of fighting what ono Government sup porter 111 his innoecnoe openly admitted to be a " truism." That, was a combat in which reason, logic and intelligence had necessarily to stand aside. Such weapons were as use less as powder or steel would he against a legion of spirits. Wliat happened was that tho spectre of tlio departed millions had appeared to tlie Government at I'liiltippi. Not having the magnanimity to take the course whiuh Brutus took, they cried out in 'their- dismay for Mr. Melville to come andj exorcise the ghost — to put down the " truism" by which they were confronted. Mr. Melville rose to tho occasion with a con siderable amount of official grandeur. JJc tested tho wires with that tranquil sense of self-sufficiency which bespeaks tlie man of competency and experience, and found tlie puppet's answer. The majority could be relied upon, and ho was able to reassure his Ministerial .employers that there was no cause for alarm. Against his majority 110 "truism" shpuld prevail. Tlie " truism" was embodied in 'a resolu tion to the effect that the financial position of the country is not satisfactory. It scared Mr. Forsyth incontinently out of his wits, and bo called out piteously to bo saved. Other weak-kneed members were, no doubt, iu a similarly agitated state until Mr. Melvile took tlieui iu hand and showed them that " truisms" are nothing against a solid vote. All they had to do was to stick together and they were safo. He was, there fore, able to make them shamble up and tako their usuul places, when Kir Heury Parkes rose to movo his motion affirming that a deficit of two millions ns the net result of their financial work was not a thing for either tho country to he satisfied with or the Dibb9-Jennings party to be proud of. Sir Henry was only in medium form. He spoke with very little energy, and did not seem well. There must have been something wrong with him from the fact of his condescending to break off in the middle of his speech anil onuct a little scene in which lie played Pantaloon io Mr. Bnrke's Clown. Mr. Burke, who is the recognised Clown of tho House, mntlo n " joke." Ho said the member who '1 called Sir Henry I'arkes'Jmotiou a truism " had 110 Fornyght " of the question. " At nny rate he did not intend, to Burk it " was the melancholy reply. Notwithstanding its defects, however, Sir Henry Parkes' speech was cheered spon taneously oven from tho strangers' gallery. The Speaker promptly put this down by in forming tho enthusiastic patriots upstairs that if they indulged in any more disorder they would find themselves summarily cast out into exterior darkness. Very properly so to. To be disorderly in that sacred build ing is the exclusive right of members of Parliament, and the Speaker ; is bound to resist any invasion of their privileges. If strangers were allowed to shout out and gesticulate in the galleries the flex thing they would do would probably be to sing out, "make a ring," or "give it to him," when a couple of members thought fit to have a set-to under the lee of the Speaker's chair. What would be the use of spending money on getting into Parliament if strangers in the gallery could participate in the fun for nothing. No ; tho preroga tives of Parliament must ho. upheld and out siders kept in their proper places. Sir Patrick Jennings entrusted liisdefencn (.0 the " big brother " of tlie Government, who wus brought in and instructed to knock Kir Henry I'arkes down, and tako the Government away under cover of an amend ment. Mr. Abbott is, as everybody knows, busily engaged in perfecting a plan to "sweep the country" in the capacity of u protectionist leader, "and it was considered extremely obliging of him lo leave his work last night for the purpose of administering a drubbing I o the Opposition leader. Here, you get out of this, and let my little protiigei alone, was the effect of his speech. You have been twice as had,as they arc, and tho country hates you. Harassing Ihcm about a "trumpery deficit I" He then as an amendment moved that tlie Government ! should bo let off with a caution, and told to introduce a system of retrenchment to gether with more, taxation. Coming from anyone else this itself would he a vote of censure, hut from Mr. Abbott of course it 19 only taken as legitimate correction. Several times during bis speech he at tempted to jump from his fiscal roil, but for a long while his heart failed him. " I am not afraid to go to the country as a leader," lio said ofiee, when a premature cheer from Mr. O'Sullivnu startled him, and ho ended with "ns a leader against tlie policy of auction sales." Then lie stated that if be adhered to his present determination lie Would not go to tiie country for re-election at all. Pro tection, however, is now certain to eomg. lie at all events has satisfied himself upon that point. This is apparently how it is that lie is so undecided. If pro tection comes and lie remains a freetrader, what thou ! Perhaps it is belter to stick to his principles and retire from public life altogether. But no, " when the time came" he would declare himself, and with this ho took the fatal plunge, mid unnouneed him self ns the future protectionist leader. That is affright; hut then we would not huvo heard wliat Mr. Caullicld lias to say about it. We observe that that " Democrat," who seems to lm remarkably flush of cash just now, lias published a challenge ito Mr. ' .''Sullivan, offering to run him for the protectionist leadership, and lay £1UU to Id. that he bents him by three to two. It may be that Mr. Abbott will turn his coat iu vain. It was nicely in accordance with the common fitness of things to have the future protectionist leader standing up to demand "more time" for the Government who ore playing li is game with sueii remarkable suc cess. lie let it bo clearly understood, bow- over, that lie was only asking just as much time for tluim as would suit his own purposes. He will vote against theui himself as soon as lie is ready, say about Jauaary next, if people will only have patience and wait. He will then probably be in a better posi tion lo reckon tin his chances against Mr. Caullield. Tlio. time " will have perhaps com;;, and he will lie nbie to send tlio Government about their business aud take Sir Patrick Jennings place as head of an out-and-out protectionist Ministry. Having astonished the House with Ibis remarkable deliverance, he moved that sinco the Go vernment were so childish as not " to laugh at Sir Henry Parkes' motion," they be allowed to sneak out of it under cover of liis protec tion. 'Die debate now developed features of somewhat unusual interest. Strong men took part in it, nnd as a rule they were iu their best form. Mr. Garrett shaped up to the big brother in liis usuul masterly style and delivered a speech worthy of the occasion and worthy of liis own best debating days. Mr. Bcid's rounding upon Mr. Abbott, however, was simply terrible. It was one of tiie most scathing impeach ments ever launched against a public man in this colony. There was iu it all the moral indignation of a man who found himself betrayed by a comrade. ,'i<npe miTum, Jlr. lleid ins hitherto sung of Mr. Abbott's political campaigns. Now that is all changed. Last night severed the connection for ever. Mr. Abbott an nounced that in his opinion the opposing hosts were about to win, and be is prepared to desert to their side and go for the spoil. ' liather than come back triumphant as a traitor, Mr. BciJ said lie would cheerfully submit to be trampled in tlie dust as un bouest. man, nnd so their political companion ship terminated from that hour. His criticism oft.be financial position was equally power-j ful and effective, and in a manly outburst of independent patriotism ho called upon the Government to give up their wretolied cowardly, palsied policy of attempting to live for -ever on .the demerits of Kir Henry I'arkes and appeal for public support upon some positive merit of their own. Attack ing Sir Henry Parkes did not blot out the stark-staring fact that we are two million pounds in debt, and are using the deposits in tlio Government Savings Banks to pay for tho scandalous extravagances of tiie Dibbs-Jeuuings party instead of meeting our engagements out of the legi timate revenue of the colony. Their fiscal treachery came in for similar handling, and it did not matter where Mr. Iteid took his seat at the finish, - Tlie breach between him and the Government was complete and irre parable. The speech stung the Government in a most unmistakable manner, and boiling over with wrath, Mr. Want got up to reply to it. The character of his deliverance will be judged best from a few quotations taken from , it at random. He, for instance, accused Mr. Reid of coming into the Chamber arrayed in a " white tie " and of sitting with the Government and voting with tlie Opposition. Tho Opposition ho characterised as hungry for the " loaves and fishes ot office." They also had men amongst them with " iron jaws." " What ha9 that to do with the deficit ?" said someone with a political record at least equal to Mr. Want's. " When 1 do speak of the deficit you won't understand it," was tho polite and argumentative reply. To attack and insult Mr. lleid was evidently the main object of his speech ; nnd as Mr. Want is an accomplished scold, the Government showed judgment in putting him up. In one way it served Mr. lleid right. When Sir Henry Parkes met tlw first introduction of the Customs duties with a specific vote of cen sure he supported the Government. Their ingratitudo to him now is only what he had to expect. , From tliis point the debate tailed off, Mr, O'Sullivun essaying to defend the finaiieinl position of tho Government by asserting tlmt a member of the Opposition had " u cavernous mouth."' He then 'repeated his old protectionist 1 lesson, learned apparently from somo bumptious sixteen- year-old . debating society boy, about "wool kings and merchant princes," " wharves and ware houses," and tlie usual rigmnrole with which ho bores tlio IIouso whenever lie gets a chance. Mr. Hungerford appropriately followed liim, after which the debate was adjourned till to-night. 