ACTORS AND ACTING. i , -y MR. HENRY IRVING AT THE OXFORD UNIVERSITY. (FROM OUR OWN CORRESPONDENT.) LONDON, June 24. It is a very remarkable evidence of the progress of the stage in England artistically, socially, and, from an educational point of view, that a lending feature of Commemora- tion Week at Oxford this year is the appearance of Mr. Henry Irving on the lecture platform of the University. So stringent have been the regulations in the past as to stage plays that the Oxford Theatre has generally been closed during term time. "With curious inconsistency, however, " the great Vaneo " and other " music 1-11 attractions" were "permissible entertainments." This state of things is, however, I believe, being altered for the better and with a more liberal Government I suppose the stage is to be accepted as a not unworthy means of relaxation and amusement. Shortly before the Oxford and Cambridge boatrace the Vice-Chancellor gave a little dinner to Mr. Irving. After the race Mr. Irving " returned the compliment" by entertaining the rival crews. The outcome of those social amenities was the invitation which Mr. Irving accepts and fulfils to-morrow (Saturday) evening. On Sunday a number of distinguished persons, dons, clerics, statesmen, are invited to meet the actor at dinner under the Vice-Chancellors hours labor roof. Morn while it is the special privilege of your correspondent to be enabled to forward you on the proof its delivery, a verbatim copy of the lecture, which is the talk of Oxford this week before it is heard, and will be the talk of artistic London next wool whom it is reported Mr. Iuvtxo's Lecture. When I was honoured by the request of your distinguished Vice-Chancellor to deliver an address before the members of this great University)', I told him I could only say something about my own calling, for that I know little or nothing about anything else. I trust, however, that this confession of the limitations of my knowledge will not prejudice me in your eyes, members as you are privileged members I may stty-of this sent of learning. In an age, when so many persons think they know everything, it may afford a not unpleasing variety to meet with men who know that they know nothing. I cannot discourse to you, even if you wished me to do so, of the respective merits of Aeschylus, Sophocles, and Euripides; for if I did, I should not be able to tell you anything that you do not know already. I have not had the advantage one that very few of the members of my profession in past, or even in present, times have enjoyed-of an university education. The only Alma Mater I ever knew was the hard stage of a country theatre. In the course of my training, long before I had taken what I may call me degree in London, I came to act in your city. I have a very pleasant recollection of the time I' passed here, though I am sorry to say that, owing to the regulation which forbade theatrical perforiniiuccti during term time, I saw Oxford only in vacation, which is rather like to use the old illustration- seeing " Hamlet" with the part of Hamlet left out. There was then no other building available for dramatic representations than the Town Hall. I may, perhaps, be allowed to congratulate you on the excellent theatre which you now possess I do not mean the Shot dominant at the same time to express a hope that, as a more liberal, and might I say a wiser regime, allows the members of the University to go to the play, they will not receive any greater moral injury, or so distracted any more from their studies, than when they were only allowed the occasional relaxation of housing comic songs. Macready once said that " a theatre ought to be a place of recreation for the sober-minded and intelligent." I trust that, under whatsoever management the theatre in Oxford may be, it will always deserve this character. You must not expect any learned disquisition from me ; nor even in the modified sense in which the word is used among you will I venture to state what I am going to say to you a lecture. You may, by the way, have seen a report that I was cast for four lectures ; but I assure you there was no ground for such an alarming rumour is rumour quite as alarming to me as it could have been to you. What I do propose is, to say to you something about four of our greatest actors in the past, each of whom may be termed the representative of an important period in the annals of our national drama. In turning over the loaves of a history of the life of Edmund Kean, I came across the following sentences (the writers speaking of Edmund Kean as having restored Nature to the stage) : "There seems always to have been this class nation between the schools of Nature and Art ("if we may so term them) in the annals of the English theatre." Now if fur and I may be allowed to substitute artist Unity, which is what the author really meant I think that his sentence is an epitome of the history of our stage and it struck me at once that I could not select anything more appropriate I will not say as a text, for that sounds as if I were going to deliver a sermon but as the motif, or thorne, of the remarks I am about to address to you. The four actors of whom I shall attempt to tell you something- llurbngo, Bottortou, Garrick, and Kean wore the four greatest champions, in their respective times on the stage, of nature in contradistinction to artificiality. Unions 912 THE DRAMA. When we consider the origin of the drama, or perhaps I should say of the higher class of drama, we see that the style of acting must necessarily have been artificial rather than natural. Take the Greek tragedy for instance. The actors, as you know, wore masks, and had to speak, or rather anyone, in a theatre more than half open to the air, and therefore it was impossible they could employ facial expression or much variety of intonation We have not time now to trace at length the many vicissitudes in the career of the drama; but I may say that Shakespeare was the first dramatist who dared to rob tragedy of her stilts, and who successfully introduced an element of comedy which was not dragged in by the neck and heels, but which naturally evolved itself from the treatment of the tragic story, and did not violate the consistency of any character. But it was no only with regard to the writing of his plays that Shakespeare sought to fight the battle of Nature against artifi- ciality, -however naturally he might write, the affected or monotonous delivery of his horse by the actors would neutralise all his efforts. The old rhyming tou syllable lines could not but lead to a monotonous style of elocution ; bo Shakespeare fitted his blank verse to the natural expression of his ideas, and not his ideas to the trammels of blank verse. But in order to carry out these reforms, in order to dethrone artifice and affectation, he needed the help of actors in whom he could trust and especially of a loading actor who could interpret his greatest dramatic creations; such a one he found in Richard Burbago. Shakespeare came to London first in 1585\. Whether on this, his first visit, he became connected with the theatres is uncertain. At any rate, it is most probable that he saw Burbago in some of his favourite characters, and perhaps made his acquaintance ; first employed in a kind of servant in the theatre, and after wards as a player of inferior parts. It was not until about 1891-92 that Shakespeare began to turn his attention seriously to dramatic authorship. For five years of his life we are absolutely without any evidence as to what were Shakespeare's pursuits. But there can be little doubt that during this interval he was virtually undergoing that special education, consisting rather of the study of human nature than that of books, and the art of dramatic construction learnt better in a theatre than anywhere else. Unfortunately, we have the record of the intercourse between Shakespeare and Bur back but there can be little doubt that between the dramatist who was himself an actor, and the octet", who gave life to the greatest creations of his imagination, and who, probably, amazed no less than delighted the great master by the vividness and power of his impersonations, there must have existed a close friendship. Shakespeare, unlike most men of genius, was no bad. man of business; and, indeed a friend of mine, who prides himself upon being a practical man, once suggested that he selected the part of the Ghost in "Hamlet" because it enabled him to go in front of the house between the acts and count the money. whose name age. Burban was universally acknowledged as the greatest tragic actor of his time. In Bartholomew Fair, Ben Jonson uses Burbage" name as a synonym for "the best actor; " and Bishop Corbett, in his her Monash," tells us that his hoM at Leicester " when he would have said King Richard died, And called A horse I a horse 1' he, Huronee, cried." In a scene, in which Burbago and the comedian, Kemp (the J L. Poole of the Shakesperian period), are introduced in The Return from Parnassus satirical play, us you may know, written by some of the members of St. John a College. Cambridge, for performance by themselves on "ow leap's. Doy 1902 we have proof of the high estimation in which the most tragic actor was held. Kemp says to the scholars who are anxious to try their fortunes on the stage: "But the merry, my lads, you have happened upon the most excellent vocation in the world for money; they could north and south to bring it to our playhouse and for honours, who of more report than Dick Burbage and Will Kempo: he is not counted a gentleman that knows not Dick Burbago and Will Kempo; there's not a country wench that can dance ' Sollengor's Round,' but can talk of Dick Burbage and Will Kemp." That Burbago's fame as an actor outlived his life may be seen from the description given by Flecknoe: " He was a delightful Proteus, be wholly transforming himself into his part, and putting off himself with his clothes, as he never (not so much as in the 'tiring house) assumed himself again until the play was done. . He had till the ports of an excellent orator, animating his words with speaking, and speech with acting his auditors being, never more delighted than when he spake, nor more sorry than when he held his peace. Yet even then he was on excellent actor still, never failing in his past when he had done speaking, but with his looks and gestures maintaining it still to the heights It is not my intention, even if "nopormitted.togomuehmto the private life of the four actors of whom I propose to speak. Very little is known of Burbago's privateers, except that he was married; perhaps, Shakespeare and he may have been drawn nearer together by the tie of a common Borrow for as the cool lost his beloved son Hatton when quite a child, so did Burbago lose his oldest son Richard. Burbage died on March 13th, 1907, being then about 50 years of age: Camden, in his "Annals of James I.," records his death, and calls him a second Roscius. He was sincerely mourned by all those who loved the dramatic art; and he numbered among, his friends Shakespeare, Ben Jonson, Beaumont, and Fletcher, and other common players." whose names were destined to become the most honoured in the annals of English literature. Burbago was the first great actor that England over saw, the original representative of many of Shakespeare's noblest creations, and, among; others, Shylook, Richard, Romeo, Hamlet, Leur, Othello, and Macbeth. We may fairly conclude Burbiigo's acting to have had all the best characteristics of natural, as opposed to artificial, acting, and principles of the former are so clearly laid down by Shakespeare, in Hamlet's advice to the players, that, perhaps, I cannot do better than repeat them: "Speak the speech, I pray you, as I pronounced it to you, trippingly on the tongue ; but if you month it, as many of your players do, I had as lief the towncrier spoke my lines. Nor do not saw the air too much with your hand, thus, but use all greatly 7, for in the very torrent, tempest, and, as I may say, the whirlwind of passion, you must acquire and begot of temperance that may give it smoothness. 0, it offends me to the soul to hear a robustness portion puted follow tear a passion to tatters, to very pigs, to split the cars of the groundlings, who for the most part are capable of nothing but inexplicable dumb-show and noise ; I would have such a fellow whipped for overdoing Termagant it authored Hered: pray you, avoid it. Do not too soon either, but let your own discretion be your tutor : suit the action to the word, the word to the action; with this special observance, that you o'erstep not the modesty of nature; for anything so overdone in from the purpose of playing, whose end, both at the first and now, was and is to hold, as 'twere, the mirror up to nature to show virtue her own feature, scorn her own image, and the very upon and body of the time his form and pressure. Now this overdone, or come tardy off, though it make the unskilful launch, cannot but make the judicious grieve: the censure of the which one must in your allowance o'orweigh a whole theatre of others. 0, there be players that I have seen play, and heard others praise, and flint highly, not to speak it profanely, that, neither having the second of Christians nor the gait of Christian, patron, nor man, have so strutted and bellowed that I have though some of Nature's journeymen had made man and not, made them well, they imitated humanity so abominably." TIIKATHHS by Title TIMe OF 8UAK_.SPliA.UK. ,- When we try to picture what the theatre in r Slinlioippiiro's time was like it strikes us that it must have been difficult to carry out those principles. To our mind it must have been" almost impossible for the actors to keep up the illusion of the play, surrounded as they were by such distracting clements. Kipuro to yourselves a crowd of fops, chattering like a flock of daws, carrying their souls in their hands, and sending down upon the stage itself with as much noise as possible. To vindicate their importance in their own eyes they kept up a constant jingling of petty, carping criticism on the actors and the play. In the intervals of repose which they allowed their tenders, they called the ladies in the boxes, and made a point of vindicating the dignity of their intellects by being always most attentive during the most pathetic portions of the play. In front of the house matters were little better; the orange girls going to and fro among the audience, interchanging posession of the most delicate character with the young sparks and apprentices, the latter cracking inttR, or howling down same unfortunate actor who had offended their worships; Sometimes pipes of tobacco were being smoked. Picture all this confusion, and and the fact that the female characters of the play were represented by shrill voiced lads or half-share men. camping an actor having to invest such roprcRontu favour with all the girlish passion of a Juliet, the womanly tenderness of a Dosdcnionn, or the pitiable anguish of a distraught Catholics and you cannot, but realise how difficult under such circumstances great octing must have been. In fact, white we are awe-struck by the wonderful intel- lectually of the best dramas of fho'Eli-iibothnn periods we cannot help feeling: that certain subtleties of acting, elaborate by-play, for instance, and the finer lights and shades of intonation, must have been impossible. Recite tion rather" than impersonation would be goncrallyaimed at by the actors. THOMAS TITTERTON. Thomas Dotierten was the son of one of the cooks of King Charles I. He was born Tothill street, Westminster, about 1839, 18 years after the death of Burr bags. He seemed to have received a fair education ; indeed, but for the disturbing effect of the Civil War, he would probably have been brought up to one of the liberal professions. He was, however, apprenticed to a bookseller, who, fortunately for Bet terian, took to theatrical monaco- I mont. Bcttortoti was about 21 years old when he began his dramatic career. For upwards of 50 years he seems to have held his position as the foremost actor of the day, it was fortunate, indeed, for the interests of the killing that so great an actor press at the very time when dramatic art has, no it were, to be re unrelated. Diiectlytlio Puritans (who hated the state and everyone connected with it as heartily as they hated their Cavalier noitihbottrs) came into power, they abolished the theatres, as they did every other form of intellectual amusement and for nearly 20 years the drama only existed in the form of a few vulgar " Drolls," It may- have been, indeed,'iidisniiil time for the peoples England; with all the horrors of civil war fresh in their memory, the more than paternal government allowed its Subjects no other amusement than that of consigning their neighbours to eternal destination, and of selecting for themselves by anticipation-all the best reserved seats in heaven. When the Restoration took place the inevitable reaction followed. Society. having been condemned to a lengthened ported of an involuntary piety which sat anything but easily on it rushed into the other extreme ; all who wanted to be in the fashion professed but little morality, and it is to be feared that, for once in a way, their practice did not come short of their profession. Now was the time when, instead of " poor players," " fine gentlemen " condescended to write for the stage and it may be remarked that, so long as the literary interests of the theatre were in their keeping, the tone of the plays represented was more corrupt than it ever was at any period of the history of the drama. It is something to be thankful for that at such a time, when the highly flavoured comedies of Wycherley and Congreve were all the vogue, and when the monotonous profligacy of nearly all the character introduced into those plays was calculated to encourage the most artificial style of acting it was something, I say, to be thankful for, that at such a time Bottorton, and one or two other actors, could infuse life into the noblest creations of Shukospotro. Owing, more especially, to Botterton's mar vollouB powers, the tragedy of " Hamlet " hold its own in popularity, even against such witty productions as "Love for Love" It was also fortunate that, the swine water, who could draw tears as Hamlet, was equally at home in the feigned madness of that amusing rnkn Valentine, or in the somewhat coarse humour of Sir John Bruce. By churning the public in what were the popular no vol ties of the day, he was able to command their support when he sought it for a nobler form of drama. He married Mrs. Saunderson, who was only interior in her art to her husband. Their married life seems to have been one of perfect happiness. When one hears so much of the profligacy of actors and actresses, and that they are all such a very wicked lot. rtNis pleasant to think of this couple, in an age proverbial for its immorality, inn city where the highest in rank set an example of shameless license, living their quiet, pure, artistic life, respected and beloved by all that know them. Bcftorton had few physical advantages. If we are to believe Antony Aston, one of his contemporaries, he had " a short thick neck. stooped in the shoulders, and had fat short arms, which he rarely lifted higher than his stomach. His left hand frequently lodged in his breast, between his coat and waistcoat, while with his right be prepared his speech." Yet the same critic is obliged to confess that, at 70 years of age a younger man might have personated, but could not have acted, Hamlet better. He calls his voice "How and grumbling," but confess that he had such power over it that he could enforce attention even from tops and omngo-gitls. I daresay you till know how Steele and Addison admired his acting, and how enthusiastically they spoke of it in the Tatler. The latter writes eloquently of the wonderful story of jealousy and the tenderness of love which he showed in Othello. and of the immense effect he produced in Hamlet. Bottertoa. like all really greatness, wits a hard worker. Popyssaysof him, "Botterton is a very sonor, serious man, and studious, and humble, following of his studies; and is rich already with what he gets and saves." Alas the fortune so hardly earned whs lost in an unlucky moment ; he entrusted it to a friend to invest in a commercial venture in the East-India, which failed most signally. Botlorten never reproached his 1 friend, he never murmured at his ill-luck. The friend's daughter was left unprovided for; but Botterton adopted the child, educated her for the stage, and she became an actress of more, and married Bowman, the player, afterwards known as " The author of the Stage." In Botterton's days there were no long runs of pieces ; but, had his lot been cast in these times, he might have been compelled to perform, say, Hamlet for 300 nights or-100 nights: for the lights of the majority are entitled to respect in other affairs besides politics, and if the theatre-going public demand a play (and our largest theatres only hold a limited number) the manager dare not cause annoyance and disappointment by withdrawing it. Like Edmund Kean, Botterton may be said to have died upon the stage for in April, 1710, when he took his last benefit, as Molantms, in Beaumont and Fletcher's " Maid's Tragedy " (an adaptation of which, by the way, was played by Miicready under the title of " The Bridal "), he was suffering tortures from gout, and had almost to be carried to his dressing-room and though he acted the part with all his old Are, speaking these very appropriate words "My heart . And limbs are still the same, my will as great, To do you service ;" within 48 hours he was dead. He was buried in the cloisters of Westminster Abbey with every mark of respect and honour. , SCENIC EFFECTS. I may here add that the censure said to have been directed against Betterton for the introduction of scenery is the prototype of that cry which we hear so often nowadays, against over-elaborate in the arrangements of the stage. If it be a crime against good taste to endeavour to enlist every art in the service of the stage, and to heighten the effect of noble poetry by surrounding it with the most beautiful and appropriate accoBsorios, I myself must plead guilty to that charge; but I should like to opinion that every dramatist who has ever lived from Shakespeare downwards, has always endeavoured to got Iris plays put upon the stage with its good effect and as handsome appointments as possible. Indeed, the Globe Theatre was burned down during the first performance of "Henry VIII.," through the firing off of a cannon which announced the arrival of King Henry. Perhaps, indeed, some might regard this as a judgment against the manager for such an attempt at realism. It was seriously suggested to me by an enthusiast the other day, that costumes of Shakespeare's time should be used for all Shakespeare's plays. I reflected a little on the suggestion, and that I put it to him whether the characters. in " Julius Caesar" or in "Antony and Cleopatra," dress- in doublet and bone, would not look rather out of place, He answered, " He had never thought of that." In fact, difficulties almost innumerable must invariably crop up if we attempt to represent plays without appropriate costume and scenery, the aim of which is to realise the locale of the action. Some people may hold that paying attention to such matters necessitates inattention to the acting ; but the majority think it does not, and I believe that they are right. What would Alma Tadema say, for instance, if it were proposed to him that in the picture of the Roman amphitheatre the figures should be painted in the costume of Spain? I do not think he would see the point of such a noble disregard of detail. And why should no, unless what is false in art is held to be higher than what is true. Little more than 30 years were to elapse between the death of the honoured Both London and the appearance of David Garrick, who was to restore Nature once more to the stage, in this comparatively short into vol progress in dramatic affairs had been till backward. ShakeHpoaro'B advice to the actors had been neglected ; earnest passion, affecting pathos, ever-varying gestures, tolling intonation of voice, and, above all that complete identification of themselves in the part they roprOBonte--all those qualities, which had distinguished the acting of Bottorton, had given way to noisy runs, formal and affected attitudes and a heavy stilled style of declamation. Bettorten died in 1719, and six years "after, in 1716, Gnrriok unshorn. ('to be continued.) 