LOCAL BOARD OP MAIN ROADS, | PENLNSITLA DISTRICT. I Moitdat, Aug. 9. Present—Thoe. Da vies {Chairman), and Messrs H. Lamthed, J.P , D. Bews, M..P,, F. W. Gurner, J.P., J. Beaglehole, and Mr T. Jones, C. E., Sup. Surrejor. COREESPONDENCE. Tjiom James Mills, Clinton, informing the Board that as the road surveyed from Well's Creek through bis land did not go in the di rection he desired, he would not give his land for nothing as at first agreed, and claimed £2 per aoro for the laud, and 30s per acre for crop, and £30 for damage caused through eeveranc3. A letter was received from Robert Gardiner making a similar claim, the amount being the same. From J. Paterson on the same subject, stating that he would not take £2 per sore for the land taken for the. road as now surveyed without compensation for severance. In reference to the Well's Creek road, and letters from Messrs Mills, Gardiner, and Paterson, it was resolved on the motion ol Mr Bewp, " That a9 the road is chiefly for the convenience of those through whose land ii passeB, the Board must suspend operations until the owners of the land agree to comply with a former oifer made to the Board, viz., that the land would be handed over without compensation, or with the offer made by the surveyor on behalf of the Board." Seconded by Mr Latnshed, and carried. The Inspector reported that the cost of land and fencing 16 miles would be £576, and from Price to the jetty would absorb -£250. From Conservator of Water informing the Board that it is intended to cancel Mr Farreli's control of dam at Farrell's corner, Ticker.), and asking if the Board would accept the control of it on .the same terms as other dams. From the same, a week later, stating that the Commissioner of Crown Lands approved of the same being handed over to the Board. The Suryeyor explained that it was' the dam at Old's Corner thatwas intended to be referred to. Conservator of Water to be informed tiat the Board will accept the control of the same, and the matter to be left in the hands of the Surveyor to take action. From Chairman of the North Midland Board, suggesting that a ctinlerence of chair men be formed to adopt measure* for urging the Government to grant a construction vote for Main Roads. The Chairman was authorised to attend on behalf of the Board any such meeting if convened. SoavEroE's Bepobt. The Surveyor reported :—1. That one con- | tract for maintenance metal had been comple ted daring the month, and one was in hand progressing favorably. 2. The daymen have been employed spreading -maintenance metal on the following roads—Moouta Bay, Moonta and Maitlond, Wallaroo aud Tickers, Wallaroo and Psel$ Weela, YorketOwn and Para War lie (at Piese Swapip), Ifmlaton aad Stansbury. Maitland and Ealkabury, M^ifland and A.r droBsan, and Well's Creek road froni Price to the wharf. Requisition for August, £400. F^oeived. Jjfr informed the Board that the Oommiesipnjsr of public Works had told him that if the Board applied fop leaye to antici pate £2,000 it would be allowed at Qnpp, Pe (Mr Bbvpb) thought the system of depositing heaps of metal beside the road was a mistake, and thought it won Id be better it the Board were allowed to ubc their own discretion in yhich way the money should be expended, either (of ijjaintenanoe or construction. The SpBYBloE thought it was a pity to allow the'roadls to go out of repair. Application to be made at opce for the £2,000. ' £bp SpBVfiXOE asked for' instruction Bs tp the ralg <}f Jfagpg paid to daymen and for rolling. ¥be wag#g to bp as fprmerly $s per day, and the rolling of roads waeleft with thp Surveyor. Accounts passed for payment, £56 19s Id. The unemployed anxious to know when ] ljbe junior member is going to more in the j majttbr ol "MoonJ® and Wallaroo line. RtFEB matches. Hard swearing. Feed i-prh-.gtnji. Caikn llill to-day. ILerp jour lamps Sighted. Anotheb M.P. gone wrong. MoeB road-making in^c^era.v^ l ;, . ;i -j Constable Quirke caught. aterlar. " : x^i£i Broken Hill to be called Willyama, Sammy Thomas' ghost visible at Moonta. ; Moee line rains, but. £he dams still empty. ■ ■ Bicyclists required %o walkround ooroere. Fabmebs speaking bopefuIly.Sof their pros pects. .y/; ■ *' •; Thk constable ooal3n't say each a word,' ehure. . . V .;. \« ■ . -.J. ' ■ Feed plentiful, and crops everywhere look ing well. The duty on advertisements lasted from 1711 to 1853. - - rH«BE are 34,389 civil servants in New South Wales. .. 1 Waij.aboo riflemen put in a big average for long ranges. Anotheb who believes in tree planting cultivating olives. The American wheat crop, it is said, will be light this year. •v-TJ THE Americans are going in strong for Clydesdale entires. ' 'j.? The Coward Springs bore is flooding the' surrounding country. Corroborative evidence does not appear to be always valuable. The Rev. B,. M. Hunter is a strong oppo nent of the Totalizator. The ' Boad Board going to apply - for £2,000 for maintenance. r One hundred and twelve horses accepted for the Melbourne Cup. The racehorse Darebin has been sold for £1,^00, Off to America. A large quantity of wheat being shipped from 'Frisco to Australia. Sir T- Beassey and Sir M. A. Bass hare been raised to the peerage. The French do not look ■ as if they intend to leave the New Hebrides. Mr Mann *s mailing rapid progress in lay ing the Transcontinental line. The people at Agery are a chapel going community ; no army there. Mr Hunter says he loves a good horse, but loves a good man better. A farmer near Agery got twelve hundred acres under crop and looking well. Mr Venning haB been educating the Port Firie people on State Bank business. Mr Venning has thrown up agricultural meetings and gone in for-a State Sank. Three hundred and thirty-one points of rain registered at Moonta for the month. Th® .New Zealand folks have sent fruit to England packed in chaff with great success. The rules of the Moonta Benevolent Society too obtuse for some of the members. Mr Speight, the Chairman of the Victorian Hail way Board, is to be in Adelaide this week. "Why does the Government not provide for ; levy water rates in the Water. Conservation Bill:? The Victorians are going to spend £80,000 j in rabbit aud dog-proof fencing on our border. The residents of Cavanogh do not want ihe Dog Act enforced this year. It never ought to haye been. ! TTebb Kbttep, the celebrated big gun manu- < faeturer, 'is going to establish a factory at one of the Black Sea ports. The yield of the Kimberly diamond mines m south Africa ior the past three years has averaged £2,500,000. The Brigadier-General has been inspecting the Burra and other companies, and has been delivering that lecture of his. Two of the Clinton farmers going for a large slice of that £1,000 voted for Well's Creek road, they hope to succeed Applicants for relief from local charities to be successful should be thoroughly known to each member of the Committee. A number of people want to have a substi tuted or non-residence clause introduced into the Homestead Blonk Section of the Act. The New Zealand Assistant Surveyor General has ascended Monnt Tarawera and announces that it is divided by a chasm 300 feet wide. The Victorian Commissioner at the Colonial and Indian Exhibition would not accept a C.M.G.ship unless the Queen personally in vested him. The various Boards «f Main Roads going to ask Goyernment for a construction vote, so as to employ the surplus labor in their own districts. The Northern Territory press is beginning to cry out for separation. They had better wait until they get something besides a lew Chinamen there. AN English correspondent sends the grati fying intelligence that " Mrs Alexander Hay is especially enamoured with her afternoon drives in the park." A Comishtnan recently returned from Aus tralia has billed his sister, her husband, and a neighbour, and then shot himself. Pity he nad not done this first. Japan, the land of the rising sun, lies 4,000 miles vest of the Pacific coast. Her area ie about the same as the State-of Texas, and has 34,000,000 inhabitants. | This is getting monotonous—"The calling | of this meeting not to be deemed an aot of insolvency, and the household and office furniture to be retained." It is evident France considers the " present exigency" is going to last some time in the New Hebrides, judging bj the substantial nature of-the buildings they are Greeting. . Ihekk has been a new journal printed in Greenock called " Pass It On." They gener ally do that in this colony without being to'd. We prefer thoBe who bay a paper for them selves. The Australian Steam Navigation Com pany are naming their vessels after South Australian ports. The " Port "Victor" has left Melbourne for India, and the Port Pirie has jUFt been launched. Thkee is an artesian well in Paris whioh is nearly 2,000 feet deep, 4 feet in diameter at the top, and 2 feet at the bottom, and which discharges upwards of 5,000,000 of cubic feet of water every tweniy-four hours. Major Peegttssok haB basn informing an English audience that it is not uncommon for members of Australian legislatures to get drunk. This he thinks is due to the severance of Church and State. Poor Major. Mr Leatham Bright, son of tbe old orator, says—" It pained him to the very core when be saw his greyheaded father walking to the House of Commons to fling a stone at tbe head of Mr Gladstone." The Chinese Government has been notified by a superintendent of police that secret societies are demoralising the native police force, and rendering it next to impossible to obtain evidence in criminal cases. Aft eh a funeral service at Naples, in memory of the Duke of Vasto, the drapery in the church, San Ferdinand o's caught fire and nearly destroyed the whole of the interior of the building. The congregation had all left. Washington* territory, the San Francisco Bulletin says, has lakes so charged with Boda that it accumulates in great quantities around the edges, whence it is only necessary to haul it away and work it up into commercial forms. Merchant tailors, in Few York, as a means of defence against the numerous young men who like' to wear fine olothes without paying .for tLem, have adopted the plall of obtaining judgments against the delinquents and then advertising ■ these judg -ments for sale in the newspapers. A whole family at Erie, United StateB, was poisoned the other day by eating freely of e tewed pie-plant of rhubarb, the effect of whiob was to make them speechless, with occasional convulsions. Attending physicians believe that the corrosive qafnre of the plant, united with the lead in the tin vessel in which the. vegetable was stewed, foreed acctate of lead, a deadly poison. The Editor of Our ' Commonwealth most have epqae plie^p labor his ooqim^ifd, In the prospectus of his publishing company he.' saysThe cost of producing a weekly edition of it000 copies is at present- £15, which .includes' rent, salaries, postage, and all other'incidentals; but if a plant were bought: (which conld be had for about £80) this amount could be1 considerably reduced. , TipjAfB Bays—" Young men, you are the architects of ypur own fortunes: rely qn your own strength pf to^y and soul | take for your star self-reliance; inscribe on your' banner, * luck is a fool, Pluck is a hero.' Don't take too mnch advice ; keep at the h^lqi a^ steer jyojir own ship, and remember thafctbeart of commanding is iq tajre a fair share of the world's work. "-Strike pijt, assume your own position; rise above the envious and the jealous. Tire above tbe mark you intend to hit.' Lore your God and fellow-men." 