FRANCE. CARDINAL GUIBERT. fThe Weekly Register J With the death of Cardinal Guibertthe grandest figure in the French Episcopate has disappeared. After Mgr. Affree had been killed on the Barricades of 1848; after Mgr. Sibour had been assassinated within the very walls of his church; and after Mgr. Darboy became a viotim to the wrath of the Commune, Mgr. Guibert is the first for half a century who has breathed his last sigh within the walls of the Archiepiscopal Palace. It was not only owing to the exceptional importance of the office he filled that Cardinal Guibert was so important an influence in the Church in France, but also to his wisdom, prudence, and correctness of j udgment. These qualities it was that caused him to exercise a sort of recognised patriarchate amongst his contemporaries. Nor was his influence less felt in Borne than in France, his oounsels being always looked upon as an expression of the most trustworthy religious thought of his oountry; and it was to himself personally that the Pope addressed the famous letter whioh, for a time at least, put a period to Oatholio disunion. . Cardinal Guibert was always a' "moderate " as an ecclesiastic, and also in politics. That practical spirit of his fonnd expression in the words he addressed to his saccessor in the presence of the Comte de Paris :—" Mnoh has been said of the Christian Monarohy; but it is not for princes to make Prance christian. The task belongs to us—the ministers of the Gospel—and if we respond to this, it is easy for rulers to govern the nation in a christian spirit. This is the mission of. each man, in the natural course of, events ; bnt to make the ' Christian. Monarchy' a Bine qua rum is simply a folly." ANTECEDENTS. Cardinal Guibert was the son of poor peasants.: In his childhood he took part in the ilaboors of his father^ little farmv? and, like many other illustrious men, he herded the flocks of the family. He was born at Aix, in 1802, at the time of the conclusion of the Conoordat, and he has lived to see its rupture in 1886 ; so that the eighty-four years of his life are measured by the duration of this Contract, which he never ceased to uphold as being for tbe best interests of both the State and the Church. TODESIKED HONOTJBS. It was with difficulty that Mgr. Gui bert was induced to aooept the arcbiepisoopal dignity. -Several names were submitted to the Council of the Government, but were rejected for various reasons, until at last it was determined to offer tbe vacant See to Mgr. Guibert, M. Jules Simon himself going to Tours to try and overcome his objections. At the first words, the Archbishop refused. " It is not the danger which deters me," he said, " At my age one does not fear death ; but I am too old to fight. I am sixty-nine years old, and I have been thirty years a bishop. It is now time for me to retire." "To-day," replied M. Simon, " France renews her yonth by the means of old men," and he handed him M. Thiers' letter. In vain the prelate alleged his cloistered habits, hia long absence from the world. The Minister had an answer to all objections, and finally Guibert unwillingly bade farewell to the Basilica of St. Martin, for the restoration of which he had enlisted the aid of all France. But in tbe Church of Montmartre at Paris he found another objeot on whioh to exercise another trait in his character—that of an indefatigable builder. Immediately after his appointment, he oonceived tbe idea of building a churoh on the heights of Montmartre, the oradle of Christianity in Paris; and the Basilioa of the Sacred Heart is at this day one of the marvels of Paris— after St. Peter's, the most magnificent temple of Catholicity in the world. HIS LITERARY TRAITS. Several times the French Aoademy mooted the question of calling the Cardinal to a seat within its walls. He was a follower of tbe school of Bossuet, his writings being distinguished by the strong simplicity, severe eloquence, and clearness and precision characteristic of the beBt writers of the seventeenth century. PERSONAL CHARACTERISTICS. His choice of a orest expressed the whole character of the man—a lion and a lamb, symbolising strength and gentleness, with the motto Suaviter ft fortiter. The public attitude of Cardinal Guibert was always prudent and independent. He was never a partisan, and amidst all the [fluctuations of political parties he occupied himself solely with the interests of the Church. Endowed with a strong seDse of right, and full of evangelical moderation, he was at the same time firm and timid; that is to say, he would hesitate to commit himself, but, onoe having done so, he remained inflexible. He saw passing before bim tbe various forms of Government, without either courting or opposing, them. Deferential, and yet independent, he remained steadfast to his duties and to his Apostolic mission. If he had any regrets for the passing away of any particular ruler, that ruler was Xipuis Philippe, who, with the Queen Anielie, had at different times been benefited by his prudent and wise advice, and who had .brought tbe Archbishop into affeotiopate relations with the monarchy of July. That which is most striking in him is the character of austerity, or rather asceticism, which has marked his career, whether we behold him in the Episcopal purple, or in the humble habit of bb Oblate. The greatness he attained altered nothing in him ; and, amidst the distraotions of Paris, he continued the same austere life'which he began years before amidst the solitude of tbe Alps. Luxury, and tbe vanity of human things, never had any power to tempt him ; he was a monk disdaining outward eleganoier, and keeping free from all worldly distractions. He frequented no drawing-rooms, however correct, nor did he ever " receive" at the Archiepiscop&l; Palace, except on tbe one' solitary occasion of the laying of the r foundation stone of the Montmartre Baailicia in 1676. On that day the Palace must have felt astonished to find itself blazing with lights, and dispensing such a banquet as had been a stranger to its walls for many years. He inflexibly declined the invitation of M. Thiers when M. Thiers was head of the Bepublic; nor did he ever appear in the salons of the Elyede during the regime of Marshal M'Mahon, except once, at the breakfast given on the morning in 1883 when he received the Cardinal's hat from the hands of the Marshal. Pius IX,, wishing on Such An occasion to give the new Cardinal' a 'token of his affectionate 6steem, flfent him a gold cross of magnificent workmanship—a royal gift, which was received by the monk-archbishop with profound emotion; but which, nevertheless, he gave tat-once as ftnowriagiothe Treasury of Notre Dame THE LAST HOURS. The Venerable Prelate breathed his last sigh on Thursday morning last at a quarter-past ten, after an agony of twenty hours. At about balf-past nine signs of approaohing dissolution were manifeBt. Seized with spasms the Cardinal tried to raise himself up, but in vain. Then his consciousness seemed to fail; he did not appear to reoognise his nephew, who had been summoned hurriedly from Aix; but when hB told the Cardinal,he was about to say Mass for him the sufferer made a Bign of thanks. At ten o'clock he made an effort to turn himself in bis bed, and gave a stifled cry. The Abbe Benlet, his faithful friend and secretary, assisted by the Vicars-General and two SisterB, placed the dying man in an easier position. At this moment he murmured, "Jesus, Jesus 1" and all was over. His death took place in the presence of Mgr. Richard, Archbishop of Larissa, the Abbe Benlet, and the Vioars-General of the Archbishopric. At the foot of the bed knelt two of the Sisters of Hope, a branch of the Order of tbe Oblates of Mary Immaculate, of which Cardinal Guibert was himself a member. AFTER. The Cardinal's death was announced to the President of the Bepublic by the Abbe Benlet. At the same time the Nuncio, Mgr. de Bende, telegraphed to the Holy Father the Iobs sustained by the Church in France. The news spread rapidly, and during tbe afternoon numbers of persons visited the palaoe, and prayers were offered up in all the churches. The Cures of tbe different parishes, headed by the Abbe Gardet, Cure of St. Clotilde, aBked permission to offer their prayers by tbe side of tbe venerated pastor. The Nuncio, several Bishops, and other distinguished persons, visited the death chamber. The President of the Bepublic conveyed his oondolenoes by Captain Monier. All the journals, both friends and opponents, praise the piety, charity, and patriotism of the deceased; and the chnrches are constantly crowded by persons praying for his soul. HIS RESTING PLACE, The funeral takes place to-day in the Cathedral of Notre Dame. Mgr. Caverot, Archbishop of Lyons, will conduct the ceremony, which will be attended by all tbe French Episcopate and by deputations from the clergy of every diocese. After the Requiem the remains will be placed in the vaults of Notre Dame, pending their removal, if possible, to Montmartre. A fit resting place for its rojector will be the Montmartre Basilica, and what an admirable subject for a sculptor of genius should his tomb be. His tall and imposing figure, deepet eyes, and clear-cut features, could! lend themselves readily for treatment. One imagines him a Bishop of the Middle Ages descending from his niohe in some othic Cathedral to fulfil bis mission in our times of scepticism and discord. Above all, be commanded respect; and be See of Paris, which has been filled y great masters in letters and statesmanship and by martyrs, has now one glory the more, having been filled iq these modern days by p saint. THE CARDINAL'S WILL. . The will of Cardinal Guibert is as follows :—" In the name of the Most Holy Trinity, Father; Sofa', and Holy Ghost, I, the undersigned, Joseph Hippolyte, Archbishop of Paris, declare that this is my testament, which I desire to be faithfully executed after my death. When it pleaseB God to call me from this world, I beseech Him, by the merits of flis Adorable Son, my Redeemer, by the intercession of the Most Blessed Virgin, of the Angels and Saints, to forgive'my sins, and to receive my soul into the arms of His mercy. I desire that iny funeral be conducted with simplicity, and that to the poor be given that which' would be used in useless pomp with no profit to my soul. My residuary Legatee will find few things in my possession except some furniture of little value.' A Bishop surrounded by 8b '-many needs, who loves the poor ifi tt>e family Almighty God has given L birn, has no opportunity Of paving.' I desire my Legatee to' cause' prayers to be said for the repOBe of my soul, -and to distribute, according to his pleasure, sundry articles of furniture aftiongst tny nearest relations and most intimate fnends as a remembrance to pray for the repose of my soul. . '' .' If it is desired to place ^n inscription _ .'er the place wheW my body rests, I desire it shall be in the following words: —Hie Jacet Joseplivb-Hlppolylus Wibert, Archiepiecopus Parisiensis, epppdant beatem tpern, et' adventum 'glories magni Dei et Salvatorie nostri Jesu-Ohristi ; qui reformabit corpus hurriiliiatis. nostra, conflguratumcorporicharitatus sum. My dear sister, Madame Sarrus, hidcj she is an fikoellmt Christian: full of Faith, %ill expect nothing f r o m ' • understands why I have left her tartwiig. I hope to find her again in Heaven with our other relations. J. Hippolttb Gttibert, Archbishop of Paris. The body of tbe Cardinal is arrayed in bis pontificial vestment, wearing over his Cardinalitial robes a Dalmatic and Chasuble of violet colour. Tbe two Pallia of TourB and Paris are plaoed, the first at the head, the other on his breast. THE SUC0ESS0B. In the stained glass windows of the old cathedrals one sees ascetics with emaciated visages and halo-surrounded beads prostrate in prayer before the Madonna, or following with uplifted eyes a celestial vision. The successor of Cardinal Guibert gives ns the same impression. Taking part in a prooession under tbe arches of Notre Dame, say on Palm Sunday or Corpus Christi, he appears not a modern archbishop, but a mitred abbot of the twelfth century. His life is that of a monk, and he is blessed with a charming and simple piety. The writer of this sketch remembers seeing him at the Capuchin Convent on the Feast;of the great Patriarch of Aseisi. He was distributing?alms to'the poor with a gentle smile and the worrta, "This as for the good St. Francis." It will be eleven years on the 1st of August sinoe the two prelates began to lead in common a retired life, entirely devoted to the linterests of; the Churoh in Paris* Mgr. Biohard only made a passing stay at Belley as its bishop, but he had spent twenty years ibefore (as the; zealous colabourer of Mgr. Jscmet, Bishop of Nantes. The last-named recalls memories of '48 ; for when Mgr. Affre found his death on the barricades, it s at the side of his Vicar- General, M. Jaomet. Mgr. Bichard has a wonderful memory) and he attends personally, without the intervention of a secretary, to all the business connected with the clergy of Paris. His austerity, his generosity, and his! application to business, augur well for the government of the new archbishop, who unites in himself tbB ardour of Mgr. Affre, tbe charming ease of manner of Cardinal Morlot, and the gentle melancholy of Mgr. Darboy. Since the Conoordat, two coadjutors have succeeded; to the Arohbishoprio of Paris, Mgr. Qnelen, who followed the Cardinal de Talleyrand- Perigord in 1821, and now Mgr. Biohard, both being Bretons. AN EPISODE OF 1870. During the terrible year of 1870 Mgr. Guibert transformed his archiepiscopal palace at Tours into a vast ambulance, open to all the wounded and unfortunate. One day M. Cremieux arrived at Tours to organise the resistance of tbe provinoes, and presented himself at tbe palaoe with bis wife, daughter, and sonin-law. "Monseigneur," he said, " I am M. Cremieux, Minister of Public Worship, and therefore your minister. Tbere is not a single' vacant lodging in Tours, and I come to ask for the Bepublic in my person a corner in your palace." " My palace is at your disposal. M. le Ministre," replied the prelate with a smile, " notwithstanding that I have at present only the wounded and the sick. With me the Bepublic has rather the air of a hospital." During all the time the Government delegates remained at Tours, M. Cremieux inhabited the palatie, and received their numerous political adherents, whom Mgr. Guibert did his best to entertain. Only one, Garibaldi, found the doors closed against hiin. Aa soon as the news of hia arrival iu Tours was known, the Archbishop came personally to M. Cremieux, and said, seriously: I hope you do not intend to receive him here, M. le MinistreP". "That depends." "I think it my duty to tell you that in no case can I consent to have him here. He is the enemy of the Pope, and I oannot receive the Pope's enemies." £rid M. Cremieux had to receive Garibaldi at the Prefecture. Holidays.—The following holidays have hsen proclaimed:—Wednesday, ^hp 22nd insf.,. as a public . and bank holiday at (Jharltpn ; Thursday, the 23rd iioit., as a pnblio and blank holiday within 'the shire of Swan Hill, and as a bank holiday "at Caehel; Friday, the 24th inst., ae apnbtfoandbank holiday within tbe borough of Jlutherglpn ; Saturday, tbe 26th inst., as a bank holiday at .Quoensetift; Wednesday, the 29th inst., as a piibiio Bnd bank holiday atBrdgewateron-Ldddon; Friday, the lBt p -ox , as a public and bank holiday wlthfA ihe shires of Benalla and Swan Hill; Tuesday, tbe 5th prox., aB a pnblio and bank holiday within the shires of Euroa and Rodney; Wednesday, the 6th prox., as a pnblicand bank [holiday : at Charlton, and within tbe shires of Hunt)y &nd; Kara Kara; Mondpy.the 18th prox., a pnblio and bank holiday within tbe bprough of Stawell; Thursday, the 21st prox., aa a publio and bank holiday within Qte borough of Rutherglen; Wednesday, the 27th prox., as a public and batik holiday within the shire ofNumutkah. 