JJ WY* Wll'i" ,>*'.?' i.-ii.''. u.'.'t. su :">.? n ^Social and Socteíy Notes*;;;; viiBBixúBiír ;BÁiiii.--Thé return ball to the Mayor has been}definitely 'fixed for: Monday, September 20. It wasjpostporied at the request of his Excellency Lord CMrrngton. and with the consent of tho Mayor and Mayoress. ?.? c:íKANDWiCK.-~Mrs¡ ! George Kiss, of Randwick, give a very delightful sooial on Wednesday evening, to nelebrnte the opening of; the new ballroom, which was prettily (decorated with leaves and flowers, and brilliantly lighted;7 An enolosed verandah!enciroled thc; room, thuB giving a pleasant promenade af tor I , dancing. . Tho grounds were lighted with Chinese lanterns, rendering a charming effeot. The hoatess, who never fails to look nice, was dressed in rich black satin, lace, and jot, with white feathers in her hair, and diamond ornaments, and was most attentive to her guests; The same may bo said of her throe daughters. Miss Kiss wore pink net over satin of the i same shade, and it seemed as if she had been in a shower of butterflies, her dresa being literally covered with thom, in various colors. However, many of them took wings, and alighted oh gentlemen's ooats, taking tho plaoe of buttonholes and bouquets. Not many ladies aro favored by tho wearing of their oolors in theso days, Mrs. Frances, a married daughter, looked well in black laoo with old gold, bodice laced with gold. Miss Annie Kiss . ,,hi' oream Bilk and laoo looked nico. Tho sons effi ciently assisted in rondoring everything pleasant. .Among the guosts, who amounted to ubont ono hundred oouples, wore many hollos. Miss Koo ting | in puro white Batin pearls and Bwansdown ; Mies Minnie Roberts in whito satin and laoo ; Mis« Milsom | in heliotrope brocade, with broad saBh of violet vol vet ; Miss Reynolds, of Melbourne, in maize not, j with bodice of dooper Bhado in satin ; and Miss ¡ Patriok in pink Spanish laoo with satin bodioo, whioh shade suitod nor brilliant complexion and 1 sparkling oyes. All those rivalled oaoh other in tho palm for beauty, Miss Woods, of Manly, f,lpoked her . beat ¡in rioh.-white;,oorded silk Malta,laoe and a profusion of maidenhair .fern, with white flowers at bodice. Miss Williamson and Miss E. Butcher wore dressed alike in pale pink ailie with pink pearls ; both drossos suited their wearers5 well. Miss Butcher wore' white nun's veiling and Bilk. Miss Roberta bright pink and Spanish lace. Miss Nollie Patrick in black well Utting laoe dreBS. MÍBS Florrie Hardie looked vory pretty in palo blue1 ponpon net over silk same shade. Miss M'Crae: in pink nun's veiling and ruby bodice. Miss Pitt (Richmond) in cream lace and heliotrope feathers.; Miss Wharlton looked charming in spotted white net pearls and lace. The Misses Amos looked,nice in white, as did the Misses Girsters, and some of the Misses Bradley. Among married ladies of whom Randwick produces the stoutest, though ' I; will, not montion them individually in-.case of, j I';, ¡won't say _ what-however, they did their, share of dancing. I hoar that Randwick is a dancing community in general. I will just men tion a few. For instance, Mrs. Dr. She win, pretty in pale blue silk, with overBkirt of palo net with ohenile fringe, sleeves only unbecoming. Mrs. W. Whiting nioe in black, also Mrs. J. Lee and her Bister, Mrs. Hinton, Mrs. Lewis nee Miss Merriman, looked well in heliotrope. Mrs. Rittenberg and her sister, Mrs. Harris, in puro white satin and pearls ; tho latter relieved by lilac flowors. Mrs. Larkin becoming in black. Then, from Waverloy, came Mrs. J. A. Roberts, looking well in cardinal plush, long train, with front of rich duchess satin ; and Mrs. Butcher in blaok, with profusion of jet. From other places carno Mrs. J. Williamson, in rich and handsome Spanish laoe over heliotrope, diamond ornaments. Mrà. Bennett in navy blue flowered plastron. Mrs. L. Alderson, who looked oharming in blaok lace, cart dihal feathers. Mrs. Patriok was exceedingly prety I in pale , pink, ; with- laoe and deep shade pf pink j fjeathers'i v There, were, ( very ,' ¡many , other j pretty ¡?¿Cúwhi ht,si iv.H¡.«;,Kv'/¡ J¿'.ii.í 5!;íh}.l.i -'id . dresse?, too númeróüB to mention, though worthy. The billiard and 'card rooms '? were well patronised by the gentlemen* rather to the neglect of many ladies, who adorned the basement of the walls, thus forming a bank of flowers of all Bhados round tho room, However, the dancing was well organised by ,Mr. George Kiss as M.C , with tho assistance of very good musicians. The programmes wore exceedingly pretty, and the floor just perfection. The Bupper of light refreshments, spread in the long drawing and dining rooms, was all that could be desired. The ball waa a perfeot'BUCoess in every way, each and all expressing so to the kind hostosB. KOHLER'S CONCERT.- The roading from the great masters given by Heinrich Kohler on Monday ovon ing was nota whit bohiud its predecessor, and proves I unmistakably the groat talent ánd exeoutivo skill of I the artist; Not only ia he a clover pianist, blithe j also ranks high aa a oomposer. His efforts were . Booonded by thoBO of Miss Vivian Warren. Unfor ! innately, owing to tho bad weather, there was only 1 a limited attendance, and although tho audience was j most enthusiastic, it had not tho effect a larger ono i would have produced. I PICTURESQUE ATLAS COHPANX.-A most enjoy i able and instructive visit was made by invitation to I tho promises of tho Pioturosquq Atlas Company on Monday, tho 23rd. Lord and' Lady Carrington, accompanied by the Hon. J. Baring, wero among the guests, as weil as Cardinal Moran in his roboB of oilioo. Tho engravings drawn and executed by thia vory progressive company aro something wonderful, and roquiro inspection rathor than description. Most ; of tho 8conos aro talton from Auatralia, and thoBO of I Now South Wales in particular aro moat oxquisito, ! and were much adrairod by tho visitors, among whom I wore Mr. and Mrs. Chipman, Mr. and Mrs. Alfrod ! Bonnott, Mr. and Mrs. Currion, Mr. and Mrs. Gullett, 1 Mr. and Mrs. Montofiore, with Miss Montefiore, i Among tho gontlomon. who wero in a dooidod ma jority, wore the most prominent of our litoráry ¡mon, tho Eight Hon. W. B. Dalloy, Dr, Garran, :, editor j+of-, the . ..work, - Mr.; Griffin,! Amerioan,, , Consul,, and' ' ^ many, ? , others.. ^Theii; of course there were artists of , every, nationality^ making one feel almost proud tbJ be in the prësénoo of so mribh talent; and'to know; that'they'especially .were workihgito'ibring our 'Southern 'hemisphere'so prominently'before the whole world by *suoh a gigan tic workas'the New vPioturesque'Atlas' will bb when completed. . After, the inBpeotion ¡of numerous rooms of equal .interest,, ¡ an, ^adjournment,, was made to Pfahlert's..Hotel,- next [door, where a" magnificent banquet was Spread, at which some happy and good speebnbs'^werë ' made by.' bis''Excellency, tho Eight .IHon;1 Mr:1 'Dalley¿ 'Mr. Curiibw, Mr. Alfred Bennett, ¡Mr. Griffin, Mr. Hogae, Mr. J. E. Ashton (president of the NiS.W".;Art Society),' and lastly by the chair man and editor (Dr. Garran). Thus terminated a most pleasant three ;hours'visit.r ¡. . ii ? ; , MUSWELLBROOK.-;Mr, Steve Dwyer (notbeing oap able of taking care of his own little self) thought it advisable to call upon Miss Annie Gravostook to do it for him. So away ,to St; AlbànB Churoh they went where they found thé Bèvi'Canon White in readiness to join them1 in holy wedlock;1 The bride was neatly dressed in a gray cashmere, trimmed with broche to matoh, and small sprajs of orange blossoms ; whilst the bridesmaids .(relatives [of the bride and bride eroom) were, neatly attired in oren m nun's veiling; Mr. Thomas Grave3tock; (father of the bride) did the "giving away'',part, and Mr." J. Dwyer aoted as best man. ; After, ample" justicié had" been done to the breakfast provided for'thb1 occasion, tho happy pair left by train !to sp'è'nd^hëh^''bohèyinôbn 'in' Sydney; ;_"''.' GILMORE'.-A' very ' pretty wedding took place on Wednesday, the l$th- ihstáutf.át'the reBÍdéncé of Mr; W. Carter, Pern Hill* Gilmore, when his 'eldest daughter; was* minted .toi Mr.i William ? Bútler of Gil more. The bride looked very nice in fawn oashmere, with;satin and lace, with" the/UBuai,:wreath andveil. TWjO.^iate^rSjWerp. bridesmaids, in,.joream,; Mr,. John ..;no7'.i7 ,li:yini:>r.n Ash mil 'üs'.-.l* ' .'??-. ?; si v - I i^ml F. Callaway,, cousin ofthe Abriete, aôtedras^beBt man. The ooromony wäs performed' by'tte Rey.\Mr.Y Jáók: son, of Tumut. TbéïgùestB then Bat down to a" sump-. tuouB repast, and after; the usuaT'toa'st'si games .and dancing passed away- the remainder of tho day and night. . 'SJ1' ' :v. ?-..''? ?'?.' ' ' ; ' HOME RuiiE.-The baoh(Ä)rs of this village in vited their lady friends on the 18th to a dance, and by their efforts to afford pleasure, suoooeded in malting the ladies admire their management. The room was prettily decorated with pines, wreaths of evergreens, flowers, and mottos,, TJboi belle, a vivaoious brunette in black satin and cashmere with old gol! trimmings, oumo from tho public sohool. A blondo looked charming in white and light brown. Anothor young lady, dad in black with pink bows, was much admired for her stately dancing. The wear Br of blaok and ruby velvet with silvor leaves seemed to bo in groat request. Gulgong sent a bevy of prettily dressed ladies. Tho majority wore dark costumes owing to tho unpromising weather. Mr. Garland proved himself an effioient M.C. Mr. Howl suppliod tho music. All showed their appreciation by staying till dawn. WEDDING.-Tho wedding of Mr. Sidney Stephen, son of Mr. Frank Sfcophen, solioitor, with Miss Blanche Travers, took plaoo on August 15, at Holy Trinity Church* St. Kilda, Melbourne ; the ceremony hoing porformed by the Rev. Mri Ford. The ohuroh waB beautifully dooorated with flowers; tho initials " B." and " S." hoing tastefully arranged in violetB. Tho brido woro a magnificent white satin dreBS, trimmod with roal Maltose lace and orango blossoms. Six little bridesmaids attended her, dressed in whito j laoo drosses, three trimmed with blue and three with rod plush. 5 NOVELTY.-A " piano made of pretty girls" is tho latest novelty from Pittsburg. It formed part of a strawberry and ioe oroam festival, given in the North Avenue M.E. Church, Alleghany, under tho auspices of tho Ladies' Aid Society, for the bonofit of tho « Wood?« Bun M.E. Churoh. The " humaniphoae ' ;waskept a great aeoret from all who were not willing ¡to place in the doorkeeper's hand tte magic bit of jBilver whioh opened the door to the ante- room on the ¡right.' Upon entering the room, the heads and shoulders of Bevbral young ladioa wero visible abovo a screen extending the lenerth of the room. All the j young ladies wore masks, and from their necks hung suspended a cord, on which was printed a musioal note. It did not tako tho audience long to discover that the " humaniphone " was simply a human piano. It was played by Miss Nollie S choyer. Witha wand she walked to and fro, and each young lady uttered a different note as she touched her with a wand. In thia novel manner Miss Sohoyer played " Home, Sweet Home," "Yankee Doodle," and a number of other melodioB. < BEGA COTTAGE HOSPITAL BALL.-The plain, and fancy drosB ball, in aid of the oottáge hospital, "on August 19, was a deoided suoeoss. Plain dreBBea were in :the¡; majority; and some of them were very, pretty; Twp ;, BÍBters,¡ ope. in, oream satin and , .plush,, and Vthe other in cream satin and lace) looked'very /nice. . A, blaok grenadine trimmed : with ' old ' gold, and an old ' gold, ttímm'éH%itfi''SpWBh'';láSB0,'werebóüh effective. A white net and eat in ; a cream repp silk; cream surah and lace were all worthy of note. Thefanoyoha raoters included Highland Lasaies, three Colleen Bawns, Daughter of the Regiment, Spanish Lady and Flower Girl. The gentlemen became officers of vari ous military degrees ; an undergraduate ; stockman ; órióketor, sailors, jookey, North American Indian, and Turkish chief. WEDDING IN RANDWICK.-At St. Jude's Churoh, Randwick, on Wedneaday, the marriage of Alderman F.W.H. Pearce, youngest son of the late Mr. Siméon Pearce, of Blenheim, Randwiok, with Miss Starkey, of ? Smithfield Grange, Coogee, was solemnised by Bishop Barry, assisted by the Rev. Mr. Hough. T bhurbhwaB orovpded ni every .riart by,residenta of Randwick^ among whom the bride and . the' popular alderman aré held in the highest esteem. Professor .Hughes1 effectively played the "'Wedding Maroh," The wedding presents were very numerous, including ai magnificent grand piano, sorvices of plate, ana elegant specimens of the goldsmith's art. The bride and bridegroom left Sydney in the express train on the same aftornoon for Moss Valo for the honeymoon, FASHIONABLE MARRIAGF..-On July 12, in the Soottish National Churoh of St, Columba. Pont-*treet, was solemnised tho marriage of Mr. Daniel Cooper, eldeBt eon of Sir Daniel Coopor, Bart., with Mit-s ' Harriet Grant-Suttio, second daughter of the late Sir James Grant-Suttie, Bart., of Balgonio, Haddington shire, and the Lad$ Susan- Grant-Suttio. There was a very largo gathering of distinguished relatives and friends at the ceremony. Lord Algernon Gordonr Lennox attended the bridegroom as boßt man, The seven bridesmaids wero Miss Viotoria Grant-Suttie, sister, and tho Hon. MÍBB Dalrymple, niece of the bride ; Miss and MÍBS Margaret Green, nieces of the bridegroom ; MÍBB Sheila, Miss Elsie, and Miss Eita Grant-Suttie, cousins of the bride. Thoy wqr§ dresseB of white Sioilienno and lace with moiré sashes, and tulle VOÜB with hows of whito velvet and sprays of heather. Each had an enamelled hroooh; tho design being emblematic of Australia and Scotland, with tho initials " H. D." introduced tho bridegroom's gift-and carriod a bouquet of flowers. Tho bride waB accompanied to_ tho churoh by her mother, Lady Susan Grant-fcíuttio, and was roooivod on her arrival by hor uncle, the Dukeof Eoxburgho. Sho was dressed in rich whito satin, trimmod with Brussels lace, flounces, and orange blossoms, and hor boautiful BrnsBols laoo veil, the gift of Lady Cooper, was faBtonod with a diamond orosoont and pearl and diamond spray. Tho wodding presenta wero numerous, and inoludod an Indian Cashmore shawl from tho Quoon and a broooh from hor Eoyal Highnoss the Princesa Henry of Batten« borg. RANDWICK.-On, Friday ,, evening, the 20th, a juvenile.ball waagiven by Mrs. G. KÍBB. There wert about 6Ó"p're8erit. Some'of the girls looked verj pretty, and dreuaed beautifully. -The Misses Wal ford, pin K satin and bream laoe (beautiful dreaseB) mit's Williamson, white-silk and lace ; Misa Robert eon, pink satin spangled tulle ; -MIBS Ida Roberston, palö' blue «ilk and oream laoe ; Miss Gorman, a pretty little mito in'pale pink and cream laoo, with every thing eh suite, shoes, silk stockings, gloves, and fan ; Miss Hardie, pale blue satin spangled tulle ; Miss Se'e,cr»amlndian muBlinand heliotrope ribbr-ris j Miss Ada Clarke, cream lat-e blue sash ; Miss Annie Kiss, white .muslin odored ribbons and blue sash ; the Misses Stubbs, black net and jet ; whilo 'Miss Jennie ;Kiss, white! silk trimmed with lace coral ornamenta; MissReynblda (Melbourne) cream nun's veiling and labe. ? Baumarin catered, and everything wen?, off in »plondid btyle. THB CATHBDBAII.-On Tuesday evening tho Baored canuto, " The Daughter of JairuR," was given in tho Cathedral to the intense appreciation of all who were present.' Thia cantata wa« composed expressly for the Worcester festival in 1878, and it is. I believe, the lirRt time it has been rendered in Sydney. YARREN .JERRY,- An, enjoyable bali waB given on the Web* instant by the bachelors of Yarren Jerry, and the" Burrounding neighborhood to about 70 of their frionda.' The music and catering were ali that oauld be desired; arid owing to the energy and courtesy of tho M.C: (Mr. Edward Davis): all danced to tüeir hearts content. The dresses worn by the ladies were superb: - ~:- *??,.; ' : , ,'" ?;"'.-' .Ó1-' ^ FitJäAK or* FA8HION.-7A recent -novelty in. Now ifond-Mtreot, Loudon, wás the "political bonnet." For iadioB w.t;6 were bent upon canvassing'ati the elec tion in th« Cóñsórvar.i've oauQe the * ' primrose' bonnet" WÙ.H oomnosed;,ehtirel.v of yellow ard white primrosss, mixed witli leaves, and set in an evanescent cloud of yellow and-whitt* tulle,' The Glad btonian bonnets, for Litoralifcrn and Homo Rale, wiro wrought in harraonidus . tints of green - and :blue tulle, wreathed .wit h phamrook leaves anti bluo oorn-flowers, , . . , BURNING DIAMONDS.-In thé year 1694 it was dis cover. d,ï>y experiment, in Florence, that a diamond would'burn.' CoBino 111 had one fixed in the fooaa of a I'uiniV.g.glftss, an>íaf/¡er some exposure to the raya of the sun, it cracked, coruscate ', aud finally disap p«a<*ed;like a ghost,' leaving no trace bohind. An other ;*ntfljjt8.to, the Emperor Francis I, tried a nnm ber of valuable diamonds in tho heat of a smelting furnace, Tihd may have felt some gratification in fin rf in? they had disappeared. ' Thia'waa in 1750, and about twenty years .later a magniiiotint dia mond *waa burned, iu Frunce. A jeweller -named Le Blane denied, tho .possibility; of buming aiamouda, and BUHpHotod Borne nufair play on tho part ot, Maoqnor, the chemist who oondUot'c'd' the operation;/. He had often, ho .'assorted, exposed dia' nionds to great heat, with the solo result of increas ing. th*ir- orüliariöy.. ". Then another jeweller* -Mail lard by name, W1IO:BOI>IUB to have had a suspicion of the soienlifio- truth, put three diauiouda into au earfchen- bowrpipe packed in powdered charcoal, and exposed them without injury to intonso heat. Lavossor, who waa preBOi't. provod in 1776 that by ehuttiug out .tho air the diamond waa preserved, in a furnace; but .that the admission of oxyyu, with whitifi -Tîfao oarhon combines, allows the diamond to bnrn likft a piece of coal.1 .Mri}.¿Robert Tooth, gave a successful danoo at Darling, Point ..on tho evening of tho 18th. .The décorât-ouH'and arrangements w*re excellent, and a pretty effect waa produced by placing tho-band on a ?.8Uh|..oijdpd platform. Tho guests.included many of the ollie of Sydney. ; . , : It, is*;rannounced .that- the officers of H.M.S. Nell-(ni intend-to.give a dance on Thursday, Septem ber 2.1 » _ . ' ' Th¿ N S.W." Art Society intendV'to > have :iv ladies" mght-"."conver8azione'' on September 2; -. ... ;.. 