A NIHILIST GHOST. So muoh has been said lately regarding the snirit world, Bnd of warnings through 8UPe*: n»tn«l BMnoy. that I may bo accused of writing on a worn'out subjeot. n°waver,in enito of this, it may intorcat many to bear tSa fnllnwine strange ocourrcnco wbiob bappenedTn a well known family some years aco and which wao related to me l;y my frfnnA Mr •—- on tho strict condition of mysu"pr'essing names and dates Bbould I 'YwlSe? you tho story as near as poBsiblo ^^^btfnoXtBm:nnth7S^marriage X took my young wife down to my place In tno north of Sootland to spend the Now Year, it having been a time honored custom In our family to do so. Though the weather was b'u'rly cold we all managed to enjoy our ifllvee and my wife, who was th? only lady amongst us, was in excellent spirits 'ho life of the party. Late in the evening of New Year's Day we gentlemen wcro amusing our selveB in the billiard room (it must have been nearly twelve o'olock), when I was sur prised to hear Violet's void o»lling mci from above, she having retired some t'mebefore. On going up to her room, she informed mo that she had been muoh astonished by hear ing the tinkle of sledgo bolls, and that on opening her window she had seen one quiokly annroaohing, drawn by a magnifloont pair of black horses, and that it had pulled up im mediately under her window. U was a lovely moonlight night, so Bho had leant out to see if she oould recognise tho oooupant of tho (ledge. As she did so he raised his head and looked her Btraight in the face, w!^en she discovered he was a perfeot stranger. What Violet considered most that on meeting',her eye, he held up his left hand and shook his head solomnly, then giving rein to bis horses rapidly disappeared down the avenue. My wife was naturally anxious to diBoovar who this mysterious stranger oould be, and had called mo up^ to Bee if I know. She desoribed him as being quite young, but with snow-white hair, pierc ing blaok eyes, a black mouataohe, and com pletely wrapped in sables. I being well ac quainted with all my neighbours far and near, felt quito oertain that he was not one of them, and tho only conclusion wo oould oome to was that he was somo viBitor from town who wiflhed to astonish tho natives with euoha hitherto unheard.of oonveyanoo as a sledge. I asked her if she was quite sure she had not been dreaming, when she indignantly replied that she had never felt more wide awake in her life, havingat the time been sitting up writing a moat import ant letter. When I related my wife's story in the billiard room, ono of my convivial friends suggested that we Bhould all sally forth in a body and Bearoh the ground for the unfortunate beggar, who had no doubt lost his way, and would be glad to bo given a drink. We all acted on this idea with alaority, any small exoitemont alwayB being rooeptable in a country house. In the mean time the weather had completely changed, and it had oommenoed to snow heavily, which accounted satisfactorily for our not being able to diBoover traoes of tho sledge. We Boon got tired of the Bearoh, agreeing that the mysterious stranger had discovered ho was trespassing, and nad mala tho bsst of bis way homo. The next day Violot appeared rather an noyed when wo ohafled about'her melancholy visitor of tho previous night, and seeing that it was not weloome we soon dropped tho sub ject, and in faot forgot it. • That evening, as we men hart just decided on separating for tho night,'tha do?r of tho smokingroom burst open, and, to my intense surprise, my wife rushed in, her^ dressing gown thrown on, her hair all dishevelled, and looking perfectly ghastly. She hardly seemed to know what she was doing, and, when I enquired what on oarth was the matter, Bank into a chair, gasping out: " He has coma again 1" Seeing that she was really affooted, I hastened to get her a glass of wine, and begged her to give me full par ticulars. It appears that she had gone to bed, and had slept soundlv until awakened by tho sound of approaching sledge bells, then starting up, had thrown on her dressing sown and rushed to tho window, where nhe discovered the sledge had been brought to a standstill at exaotly the same spot as on (hi Srevious night. On her apposrai'.oo tho river, looking up at hor steadfastly, had raised his hand and shaken his head in pre cisely the same warning manner as bofore. Not waiting for more, and filled with name less terror, the poor little woman had rushed down ta mo in this exoited oonditicn. We all felt moBt indignant at what we began to think was a very imperliaont practical joltc, and, confiding my wife to the oaro of her maid, rushed out with tho intention of finding and making it hot for the perpetrator. We ran out eagerly i tho night was clear and froBty, the ground was oovorod with snow, although none had fallen Blneo the morning, and I confesB that I experienced quito a shook when, on arriving beneath ray wife's window, we disoovercd the snow waa com pletely undisturbed, and there was not the faintest traoe of anything having passed that way. We all returned to the house some what subdued, and talked the matter well over, when we oame to the conclusion that there must be something queer about the affair, as it waB absurd to imagine that my sensible little wife oould be tho viotim of any Buoh delusion. Therefore wo unanimously deoidod on keeping a watoh in the billiard room — whioh was immediately bonoath Violet's room—on the following night, and wait for what might ocour. In the mean time we had agreed not to montion tho sub jeot to my wife, and tho next day, sho not appearing at all inolined to introduoe it, things went on muoh as usual. Some time after she had retirod for the night, we, being fortified with sundry glaBecs of hot toddy, repaired to the billiardroom to oommenoe our vigil, whore we turned down the gaa and drew up the b'inds, and wore all on the qui vive for anything that might happen. The Bilenoa was becoming monoton ous, when suddenly it was broken by a pierc ing shriek, and the Bound of a heavy fall. Bushing up to my wife's room, from wlienoo it had prooeeded, I found her extended on the floor in a dead faint, still in her evoning dress, with her window wide open. It was a long time before her maid, whom I found in the room, oonld restore her to oonsoiousness, and even then she seemed almost delirious, and kept wailing out, 11 Why does he oome? What does he mean ?" The maid afterwards informed me that she bad been requested by her mistross to remain in her room with her until her master came . up, and ihe had stated she did not intend un dressing until then. Her lady had stood wrapped in a shawl for a long timo at the window, and appeared to be listening in tently for something she expeoted. Sud denly sho had given a violent' Btart, and leaning out of tha window, had excitedly eallod the maid to her Bido, and asked hor in a trembling voice whether she oould not see anything coming up the avenuo or hear the tinkle of bolls. It was a still moon light night, almost as light as day, but the maid, a bright, intelligent girl, deolared she oould seo or hear nothing, and had only iust turned from tho window when Bho was lorrifiod to soo hor mistress stagger baok wards and fall fainting to tho ground. Tho violent shook that my wife had received to hor nervous systom reBultod in a long and serious illnopp, and as soon as alio could be moved I took heron tho conlinont, whore she shortly rcoovored her health and'spirits.' Wo noither of ub over alluded to ^io cauno of her illness, she feeling pcouliarly sensitive on tho subjeot, and resenting my having treated it as ivn hallucination. Though apparently forgotten by us both, I <ii;J nos coo*trJer it judicious to ppend (he coniiin,' Naw Year in Sootland, and wo therefore ngM-d on p'ying a long-promised visit to Si. PdtoMbunr w jcro I had many intimate friends in J nil lontial oiroles. On our arrival they ail'vioil with oaoh other in allowing us ho-'pilnlily, my wife wo a immensely admired, and Iit vivacity and wit made her very popular. Ju-U bsforo our intended departure one of leaders cf rosiety arranged a ball in our honor, Co whioh Violet looked forward with great pleasure, and made moot elaborate preparations. When tho night of this fete arrived, and my wifo entered the room dressed for tho ball, I thought I had never seen her look bo lovely, with that look of joyous anticipation on her oountenance that a beautiful woman always wears when ehe is sure of her triumphs. During our short drive to the lfot-1 , our destination, aha amuaed mo by her almost childish anticipation ot the coming enjoy ment. On arriving thero she a«c«ii'(eil tho steps on my arm, still laughing and chatting gaily, but just as we wero about to enter tho door sho turned her head ns if violently startled. I felt her trembling from heud to foot, her faco was deadly pale, and her uyrs wore fixed on the epot from which our car riage had just movod. Oil my enquiring tho reason of her agitation, sho excitably tx> claiifaed, "Look there I" pointing to the foot of the steps. When I declared 1 saw nothing, she seemed completely unnerved, and im plored me to take her home. Poor Violot dung to mo closely, passionately exolaiming that if I did not do so at onoo Bbo know she would die, and, finding remons'r.inco only in oreaBed hor distrois, I thought it beBt to do as sho wished. Whilst in the carriage I could not get an explanation, no my wife seemed thoroughly prostrate, and on our arrival I had to support hor into her room. There, when sho appeared better, I requested her to explain hor extraordinary conduct. In an awed, almost soared voice Violet informed me that on entering Iho Hotel sho had heard tho sound of sledge bells, and on turn ing to soo who had arrived, had perceived the same mysterious man who had caused her so much terror tho previous year in Scotland. There he was, wrapped in his heavy sables, and using tbo same warning goutures. I tried to reason with her and im press upon her tho great offenco her absence would probably cause on such an occasion. For some time she was quite impracticable, but scuing at Inst how much in carncKt I waB, my dear little wifo evidently made a great effort and oonsentcd to return with me, All the same I foit quite grieved to notice what change this strange occurrcnca had made in her, tho shrinking, pale lady I was now conducting to the carriaga being indeed a very different porson to tho brilliant, joyous beauty of a short timo before. Just us we wero about to set foot in the oarriago ,a terrible explosion was hoard, and a few minutes later tho fearful nows hid circulated through tho oity that tho Ilotal , whuro tho ball was being given, had boon blown to tho ground (it was supposed by Niliilietb), and not a soul thero had csoaped. 