The York-Long Debates. ] Tim third of tho series of debates arranged to oomo off between Mr. H. A. Long, of Glasgow, and Dr. J. D. York, of California, took place at tho Academy of Mnaio on tho 10th instant. The subject was, " Is tho Biblo Plenarily and Divinety Inspired." Mr. J. 1'. Bnckland, M.L.A., ably did tho duties of chairman, j Although tho woathor was such as to prevent many from going oat'of doors, tho hall was more than half filled. Tho fourth of tho series of dobates arranged to came off between Mr. H. A. Long, of Glas gow, and Dr. J. L. York, of California, on suhjeots dealing with Christianity and Secu larism, took place on Tuesday. Tho Academy of Music was not so crowded as during tho pre vious debates of last week. All parts wero, however, filled, excepting a few of the hack Mr. W. 'WiDnop occupied the chair. The subject for debate was the same as that of tho previous Thursday, namely, " Is the Bible plenarily and divinely inspired?" Dr. Yoek, on rising to open the debate in the negative, was received with loud applause. He Baid as there were probably some persons there who were not at the previous de bate on the same subjeot he would mako a few preliminary remarks. He asked if the Bible had been proved to be plenarily or divinely inspired? He defined the word plenary as meaning full and complete. The Bible to be plenarily and divinely inspired must mean that every word, every verse, and every chapter wore divinely inspired or they were not divinely inspired at all. They were told about lions that refused to eat Daniel, yet would ferociously devour others. Them there was the story of fire refusing to burn the three Hobrew ohildren. Professor Huxley, in his discussion on religions matters in the " Nineteenth Century," ably refuted many of tho absurd stories and miracles of the Bible. Passing from the Old Testammt to the New Testament, ho (Dr. York) said they were met with the immaculate conceptions of Eliiabeth and Mary. There wero two genealogies of Jesus, which in themselves destroyed the plen ary inspiration of those statements. Oho of tho Gospel writers states that Jesus was descended from Eli, and another said he was descended from Jacob. Whioh was true ? How was that for plenary ? These and a mul titude of other mistakes, quashed the statement that the Book was divinely inspired. Christ contradicted both MoBes and Himself. Jesussaid tho law should not pass away, yet he destroyed the law Himself. Matthew and Luke did not agree in reference to the appearance of the angel at the sepulohre. Matthew said the angel sat in the sepulohre, Luke Bays two angelsstood outside the sepulchre. Which was correct ? Theso discrepancies were human. No two men would give the same description of a horse race or a dog-fight. That was natnrai and human. He contended that the discre pancies mentioned, and others to be fonnd, proved that the Bible was not divinely in spired, bat merely a human production as any other hook. These discrepancies did not de stroy the Bible as a fabric of human construc tion, but they did certainly prove it was not plenarily and divinely inspired. When the Christian talked abont the doctrine of eternal punishment, of babes in hell, and such other horrible dootrines, it would be well for the Christian to say on what they predicted suoh doctrines. He believed in another life beyond the grave, and that he would meet his dear ones there. Eternal law was his father, and eternal law his mother. (Laughter and ap plause). Yes, he was scientific when ho said that. Law brought them all there, and law would take them back again. They had fall cognisance of law, but they had not cognisance of God. Mr. Lono, on rising to speak in the affirma tive, was received with loud applause. He bagged them to give him neither approba tion or disapprobation. He should negative the subject sb treated by his opponent in general, and then in detail. Dr. York had said repeatedly, "I love Jesus." Now, they would allow that Christ inspired the prophets in all ages. If they could succeed in proving that these prophets were in error then they: would prove Christ in error. "What," said Mr. Long, "h-ve Jesus, who loads millions astray?" Our Lord was the personal Word of God. [Here Mr. Long read passages of 8oripturo proving that Jesus was the Word of God ] Dr. York had Baid that there was an inherent power of motion in matter. Hei (Mr. Long) would read a book on the "Properties of Mattor," by P. G. Tuite, secretary of the .Royal Society of Engineers On page 91, chapter 6, paragraph 119, it was stated in effect that there was no revo lutionary activity in matter. The statement that there was inherent motion in matter was contrary to the first axiom of science as given by Newton, and whioh had never been dis proved since that great philosopher afiirmod that axiom. Tho line of nature had been dworse at some time from what it is now. Dr. York had "sat on tho rail" in reference to a belief in a God. Christians never tanght that man could work miracles. None hut God worked miraoles. They had first to prove that there was no personal God beforo they oonld disprove miracles. He had nover heard of the immaculate conception of either Sarah or Elizabeth till that night. In reference to Dr. York's statement in regard to the passage of Scripture which said, "This generation shall not' pass away," he (Mr. Long) said that had a plain and evident rcfercnoo to tho Jews, who, he olaimed, lived to-day to prove the truth of that propheoy. Secularists had to recognise the Lord, for they had to date their letters from the birth of Jesus—the opening of the Christian era. Dr. Yobx was again well reoeived. He asked how could he judge of the truth and inspiration of the Bible only from what that book stated? In reference to Mr. Long's statement thatjnone bnt the Christians saw the dead on the day of the resurrection, ho said if the dead were to be seen at all on that day, then everyouo could have seen the ghosts. In answer to Mr. Long's alleged refuta tion of his (Dp. York's) statement that there was an inherent motion in matter, he said science proved that chemical action in matter generates or creates force, and force pro duces motion. In the same hook read "by Mr. Long it was stated that, "Every body per severe* in its state of rest or uniform motion in a straight lino in so far as compelled to do no by force." David, not content with oureing his enemy, cursed the grey-haired mother and children of that enemy. Sach a prayer, in which that curse was to ho found, would ho a disgraco to the devil,^ if such an infernal evil power did exist. David's mural and spiritual condition must have been out of order. David mu«t have bad a cold-blood relizion, something like Calvinism, for instance. The Bible wa3 not universal in its application to man. The ocean, the air, and animal and vegetable life were full of inspiration to tbo student of science and nature. Mr. Louo was received with loud, and con tinued applause. Ho said he was not going to talk about religion at all, but would talk a little abont science. Matter was ultimately resolved into au atom. An atom was the least con ceivable form of matter. If it was an atom then there was no force in it. Newton was right when he said that matter was passive, and that matter was acted npon ab extra—from without. There was no chemist in the world who would tell them that there was anything in an atom. Dr. York had said that the Bible told him about infants in hell. Would Dr. York read parts of the Word to prove that statement ? If law was divine, then it had a , divine origin. ' Dr. Tons, on lining to reply, ■wan received with applause. He naid Mr. Long wanted him (Dr. York) to read from the hook. If Mr. Long would tnrn over to those passages of the Bible, sustaining the Calvinistio doctrine of in fant damnation, then he would he glad to read from the Word. (Applause.) The Bible was not plenarily inspired beoauso it contained much that was not clear, much that waB erroneous, and also not pure. Did it require inspiration for a man to tell the truth, excepting the love of truth? ProfeBsor Huxley in his recent dis cuisicu with Mr. W. E. Gladstone, the British Premier, in the " Nineteenth Century" asserted and proved with the ability and clearness peculiar to a Huxley, that the scientific state ments contained in Genesis were out of harmony with facts brought to light by science. Mr. Long, on rising to reply, was well re ceived. He said he would talk about aoience again. They heard Dr. York talking about a Divine Father. Dr. York was again straddling the rail .They all bslieved that that dissussion was drawing to a close. Was that soience ? No. That was not science, though it was true. Yet they were told that if it was not saientific it was not true. The Bible did not tell them what became of the dead on the day of resurrection. Dr. York said that Calvinism was found in the Bible. "Yes," said Mr. Long, "it is." But there was nothing in the Book about infant damnation. [Here Dr. York asked Mr. Long if he believed in infants bang in hell. Mr. Long replied "No," and further said, for Dr. York's information, that he did not believe a man was in hell.] The Bible said that at the last day the wioked would be cast into hell, but not before. (Loud cries of " Oh! oh!") Mr. Long here stopped in his remarks and said he would not go on until quietude was arrived at. The opposite party had no cos mogony to put in the place of the cosmogony of Mobcs. They could not account for the origin of man except they trotted out the gorilla. The lady who laughed at him had evidently come from a gorilla. (Great distur bance, hisses loud and continued, and cries of "Don't insult a lady.") This brought the discussion to a olose, and the audience dispersed after the usual vote of thanks to the chairman. Tub fifth of the series of debates arranged to come off between Mr. H. A.Long, of Glasgow, and Dr. J. L. York, of California, took place on Wednesday in the Academy of Mu'io. The attendance was not so large as on the previous night, though the gallery and iront seats were filled. On Mr. Long's aide of the platform tho at'endance was much less than on any previous occasion, while tho doctor's side on the platform was well represented. In accord ance with tho announcement made on Tuesday evening, Mr. Hinnaird Bose occupied the ohair in the absence of the Hon. W. H. Groom, M.L.A., who was prevonted from pre siding owing to being indispotcd. The Chairman, after a few preliminary re marks and reading the rules of the debate as arranged by tho joint committee, oalled upon Mr. Long to open the debnte on the question, " Is Christianity of divine origin," in the afiirmativo. Mr Lono on rising was received wiih loud approbation. He said Dr. York was bound to answer by fair, souod, argument his (Mr. Long's) opening speech. In this, his latest opening speech, he had to prove the question of debate in tho affirmative. Even Syrnes did not deny that Christ was the author of Chris tianity, and therefore was of divine origin. Ho would call two witnesses into court, namely— John Stuart Mill and Dr. York. Mill, in one of his works, said, in expressing his admiration of Jesus, that Christ had loft on tho memory of those with Him such an impression of His life, conversation, and moral grandeur that for 1,SOO years people had paid homage to Jesns as Got. That was Mill's opinion of our Lord. Mr. Long quoted numerous passages of scrip ture to prove the olaim of Jesus to being ons with God. Jesus was Ho whom Mill admired, York loved, and Long adored. Mr. Long here went into a long tedious method to prove that Christ the Son was oo-eqnal and co-eternal with the Father. Not to tax Dr. York's ability he wonld plaoa one more argument to prove that Josus was one with God. The only science of our Lord was salvation. After stating that Symes was the leading scientific secularist of Australia, Mr. Long then went into a oritioism of Mr. Symes's astronomy. Mr. Long said in referenoe to an article on astronomy by the editor of the "Liberator," that the moon was an aooident—that its ex istence was accidental, Mr. Long said none bat a fool or a maniac would mate such a atatement. Tho world did not supply a scientist of high sunding tu a million of people. The speaker occupied a considerable portion of his time in a tirade against freethinkers in general and Bris bane freethinkers in particular He charged Dr. York with not having replied tohiapre viona openings. (Cries of " Oh, oh.") There were three diverse rays of light emanating mom the sun—namely, red, bine, and yellow. Blue light gave air and beat to the earth ; red light brought about chemical changes ; yellow light gave oif heat without force and without chemical changeF. Slanting away from any thing connccttd with the subject, Mr. Long entered into a personal attack on Dr. York by giving off a series of insinuations andinuendoes as to tho doctor's right to be so-called and about bis intelligence. The Ciumsti:; here rose and said he could not allow Mr. Long to pursue his personal attack upon Dr. York. Mr. Long was entirely away from the question of debate. Mr. Long for the past four minutes had been very wide of the mark. Mr. Loss, on resuming, Baid the doctor was allowed to attack Christ abont science, and he (Mr. Long) would retaliate. The apeakor, evidently nonplused by the chairman's ruling, sat down amid the cheering of his friends. Db. Yobk, on rising, was received with loud and continued applauie. He said if he under I stood himself, and the public, his principle would not allow him to evade the trnth. He would tell them that quibbling was quibbling, and for Mr. Long to demand of bim (Dr. York) to reply to what be said, when neither logic nor argument was brought forward, was very silly indeed. (Applause.) Personal abase was had, and indicated a want of thought. Mr. Long had Baid this was another opportunity of redeeming his (Dr. York's) reputation. So far as he knew, he had not lost his reputation. Why did Mr. Long blow snob a Glasgow Green bugle? timply because Mr. Long did not touob tbe subject of debate, and could not. Dealing with the subject, be said tbe decalogue represented all th6 Christianity that Christianity ever had, and that was borrowed from an older re'igion. Mr. Long would have them be lieve that John Stuart Mill was a Christian. Mill said in reference to Paley's design argument, that it proves nothing but its weakness and the want of infinity and the want of creative power. If God designed one thing He also designed a hell. How was that for being a Christian? MaxHullcr, in his "Selected Essays," says in effect that of religion as of language it might be said everything new was old, and everything old waa new, and that there was no new religion in the world. The roots of reli gion vere as for hack as the history of man. The religion of this century was dif ferent to that of the previous century. The doctrine of trinity was common to all re ligions systems of India, Egypt, and China. The incarnation of God in man, the immaon late conception, tho baptism by fire snd water, tbecr03sas a Bymbol, were of a pagan origin, and had no donht been freely borrowed by Christianity. St. Jetome said that the doctrine of the trinity was held by the old religions more than3,000 yearsago. TheHindooBible.inwhioh was enunciated the doctrine of the trinity, was written 1,400 years before Christ. St. Augu'tine confessed that he found St. John's Gospel in Plato. The oldest and original form of the incarnate trinity was, undoubtedly, in tbe book of the Brahmins. Dr. York gave names, dates, and particulars of belief in and doctrine of tbe crucifixion and immaculate conception previous to the birth Gt Jesus. The history of Krishna, the _ son in the Hindoo triuity, was next given, showing that all the incidents of the tile of Christ wero a complete paraphrase to that of Krishna, who was dead long before Jesus of Nazareth was barn. The immaculate concep tion, the flight of Christ from his birthplace, His confutation with learned men, His pil grimage, His miracle workings, His death and resurrection were a complete and a pregnant synonym of the incidents ci the life of Chrishna, the Saviour of the Hindoo re ligion. The antiquity of the religion of the Himalayas was long anterior to that of Christianity. India was acknowledged by the best scholars of the world, to bo the mother or all the religions. The ecclesiastic system of Christianity was as human as it was cruel, barbarous, and inconsistent with reason. Mr. Loxo waa received with loud applause on rising to reply. He Eaid, according to the chairman, he had spoken 26 minutes to the subject, and four minutes away from it. Dr. York said the youngest religion of all wae the Christian religion. (Cries of "No, no." and voices, "Excepting the Mahomodan.") Mr. Long said tho mass ol stuff he (tho doctor) had dangled had no reference to the subject at all. (Cries of "Oh, oh.") He had shown that Christianity had its origin in Christ, and could not have any other origin. How was it that the greatest nations of the earth were following aud"doing homage to a religion which was s-nd to he fool'sh. Ho had nothing to do with either tho Athanasian Creed or 'the eccle siastical system hinted at by the doctor. They would fanoy that freethinkers sneezed soienoo, lived on it in fact. The doctrine of the trinity Dr. York said originated in. India. Ha (Mr. Long) denied that. (Cries of "Prove it.") i So far as he knew there wero no other people who taught the trinity or the resurrection ■ excepting the Christians. Mill, he would repeat, eaid that IS centuries had done homage to the grandeur of Christ as tho personal Almighty God. The Newtonian philosophy came from Newton and^ so Chris tianity originated with Christ. The inferiority of the Chinese and Hindoos to tho Christian's waa undoubted. There was no college yet built on secular prinoiples. (A voice: 1 There will he.") Mr. Long said " Ne .-er!'1 and then sat down, his time having expired. Dr. Yobk was again well received on rising to reply. ~ He said his notes eeemod to trouble Mr. Long very muoh. He had been a Christian man for many yearn (Cries of " Ob, oh !") —and while so he was a student, and tried hard to arrive at the truth, in all sincerity. He might have had a pulpit, and hod the love of a ho«i of good men and women. AVhy did he not stay theio ? Simply because his conviotions prevented hira. Wh?« a gentleman said, and said twice, that ho (Mr. Long) detpiatd infidels, what sort or ft Chris* tuin spirit was that to maufest ? The CiuiRJt.iv rote, and n quested tho doctor to keep to the subject. Dr. York, resuming, olid Mr. Ijong had defied that the doctrine of the Incarnation was the doctrine prevalent from the Ganges to tho Yellow Hoa. That doctrine was the basis of Coufucianbrn as well as of Hindooisui The Jewish faith had, through war and conquests, commingled with the religions of older peoples. They hud no mention of the Christian religion unti/ about 140 years after the time Christ was said to havo been bjrn. Modern Christianity was a remodelling. «nd a borrowing of Budd hism There was a time when the Christian char<h hoisted on its followers- believing that the earth was as fiat as a pancake. Why did they not believe that now ? Bkuuso s.-ience had taught them better, had unfolded the truth and exposed the error of uch a doctrine. Mr. Loxo was again received with loud and continued applause. He said -uch straddling of the rail w«s pitiable to behold. Dr. York h&id; he had been a preacher. The doctor had evidently not forgot the way to preach. He Mr. Long) hai *a:d what no other man had arid en a Brisbane platform. (Cries of " What was that.") bie eaid his opponent ought to hare taken a no e it (Cries of *4 Ob, oh ") Dr. York had said that Cnrist never claimed to be God. Jesus said, " I am the light of the world, the rfsumction, and the life;" and again, "Before Abraham was I am." Did not that prove divine origin. Tee Hindoos had never taught iccar.&tion.; They taught the transmigration of souls—the entry of a soul into an animal for a time. Coristianity taught incarnating-—God man ferf in the flesh JNor did the Chinese teach the dontiine of incar nation. Hi defied any man to find 14 angel" xn any other religious book but the Bible; There was ho 44 angel V in the Chinese Joss house. hut there weie images and symbol*. Hedespbed itifidilsinfeliectually notpsrsonally. He had fought with fht-m for 40 years and had never nw-r more arrant nonsense anywhere than rame , <>»t of their mouths.. The day, and not the. y^ar, of tho birth of Je»us was in dispute. The who?e of tlieic literature, aud the *vi ole of thtir laws were bnilt on the fact of Je«u* having been born 1800 years ago. The doctor had said the world was round. That was not correct. It Dr. York tued the language of the rcience he boasted so much of, he .would have said the1 world was "globular." Time being up, Mr. Long retired to his seat." Dr. Yors, on rbimr to reply for the last rime, was loudly applauded He had not proceeded far in his speech when Mr. ijong rose to a point of order and said, amidst tho disturbance and applause of the audience, that his opponent was not replying to hitn (Mr. Long), and that the doctor was introducing fresh matter. The Chairjcav, in deciding on the point of order raised, eaid Dr. York was there to prove the negative side of the subject of debate, and was in order to prove that negative in any way he choose, although it might not be really a reply to Mr Long. (Cheers.) Dr. Yonx, resuming, said Mr. Long1 told them that the Hindoos had neither believed in an it carnation or a resurrection. Sir William Jones was his authority for that statement All systems of religion w^ro man* made, and sot of divine origin. Christ never taught the Trinity, incarnation, and the resurrection. Jeans, in answer to the young man who came to him aod stated he ha3 kept all the com mandment?, told that young man to go and sell all his land and gise it to the poor. Christ did not tell that young man about a Trinity, an incarnation, an atonement, or even about Cal vaniem. The Christian Church of to day did not bear the distinguishing features which Jesus said would mark Hi* Church. Jose phs* nr-.de no mention of Christ in his history of the Jews. The doctrine of immortality of the soul was taught long an terior to th« advent of Christ. The Rev. W. Maurice, as quoted by the * cholarly Biggins in hfs work on the 44 Anacdlypais," said the Bhsgavat Gila of the Hindoos, which was so marvellously rich in thought relating to the immortality of the soul was written over 4,000 years since. Dr. York, then gave historical facts to prove that all that was' essential to Christian it y. free from its cccl- siasticism, was known and familiar to nations before the Jews rere a people. Tins brought the debate to a clr.se, and after ie usual vote of thank*, propo.-ed by Mr xmtrand t r. York at one time, the audience isperad. 