I CAULFIELD TRAINING NOTES. TUESDAY. This morning opened with a strong north wind Mr LOCK was on the ground with his horses soon after 9 o'clock, but they merely cantered and trotted on the band and the track s Highland Chief indulged in a canter, and then he jumped off and ran a strong gallop once round the running track outside the ii i rd ha (which h. one mile and a quarter and 4 chains) Blondin joined him at the mile i>0->t, and the gallop occupied Jan 22.. or about same as for the mile and a quarter Mr Con oily sent Lady Ashton with the Loafer on the sand twice round for good strong vi oil. Geraldton and Bonnie Lad also acted. lished a capital gallop on the same time li twice round (about a mile-) t season Melenudo, and Eugenie brushed along smartly over floored furlong. Louise Berta Lord button, and others of the team, were cant term.; Nc.vmu.xer moved once round the turf for a useful building call up Cos Turner and Little Jim were doing some medium pace exercise Ben Bolt, after cantering (with M O Brien up) went down to the end of the straight, and at rod o along for a working gallop Chuckster joined him at the mile post, and run with him to the distance, when heviaspuilcd over the Cup horse was Jin FOR. executing the once round, but he appeared to be very fairly bilieriniiic,withlhc Chanter, cantered once round the running track, after which the pair were set going for a strong gallop, Sirocco picking up the Cup far on rite of the late post, and the circuit of the track commuted 2w -ss J. his son of apa loo u executed a good even kultur. Bonnie Doon ran once round the turf at half pace Glentworth and Lady Lovell went a sharp gallop over half a mile Mar mion was doing some good pace exercise on the sand , but rather, with chicago, once did medium work Umberto and 1 labour is strode along on the sand for some brisk pace you, must Townley was also exercising there Western race over a mile at three quarter pace, and Narrung, Laude, barfield, At areas, and the fence colt were each at riding along at intervals for UHufnl exercise st Albert and Clarendon (with Boys up) and Voting Dorado were doing some capital work on the turf for a circle and Maori Chief performed useful exercise on the tan track Using ton, Toronto, and Uaiclock werctreited to moderate exercise Juice was starting his horses along at a good pace on the s uni and fun The Included Cad land, Uerl dev, first Pop Jbootmau, and Albanus Long had Costes and Aicxmidn at work Preston being an abbe ii tee The Me" sr s Moran hid their horses on the ground, of whom Jim Cum- and Little John cantered twice round the turf Xlu so horse a went a working gallop on Monday morning over a mile and a half pint, of the West and the three-year-old brother to Little John, with others of their respective tennis, were exercising on the tan Moonlight and Mustang did some capital work, on the mine travel Mr Held _ horses were ill indulged with a canter I later on Midstream and The Crash of appeared, and they were not going for a gallop over the centre The Ghost joining them at the mile, and lie and the Cup horse along at a time past, the time recia tered for the round from the judge's box denoting -in that Grace Darling and daddy then came out on the tram t, and they ran a mile for a strong gallop in his in, Unley, after working on the and, went over the big timber and Cameron with Day "stir, ran six or sole i fortunes right handed at the ce parts speed, racing will beating of »loues»horses were working DU iii. a I aton and Goodwood running. a couple of times round the band at three pat to speed Mu i In nail t epicurean worked mildly in company finishing, home at three quarter Hpted for three furlongs, and Del and a bowled along for a nice working gallop once round the bend Lizette was on the same track doing preparatory work Violet and other-) of Jones 22 were cantering Liupreis, wich Hot Iron, accomplished even to striding work our a mile Crown Urana and Land Shark ran over five furlongs at a fast pace. A number of others were on the various tracks doing medium exercise during the morning Lilian Gray and Nectarine, In company, cantered, and Lord of the Manor was sent for two steady rounds on the sand. I 