A NIHILIST GHOST. So muoa has bean said lately regarding the spirit world, and of warnings through super natural agenoy, that I may be acoused pf writing on a worn-ouf subjeot. However, in spite of this, it may interest many to hear the following strange occurrence whiou happened in a well -Known lamiiy some jraia ago, and whioh was related to me by my friend Mr. — — , on tha strict condition of my suppressing names and dales should I ever wish to repeat if. . -I will tell you the story ai near as possible in this gentleman's own words : — ' Two or three months after marriage I took my young wife down to my placa in the north of Sootland to spend the New Year, it having been a time honored custom in our family to diTso.' Though the wiather waa bitt;rly cold we all managed to enjoy our selves, and my wife, who was tha only lacly amongst us, was in excellent spirits and the life of the party, late in the evening of New Sear's Day we gentlemen were amusing our selves in the billiard room (it muat have been nearly twelve o'elook), . when I was sur prised to hear Violet's voice calling me from above, she having retired Borne time before. On going up to her room, bq£ informed me that she had been much astonished by hear ing the tinkle of aledge bells, and that on opening her window she had seen one quiokly approaching, drawn by a magnificent pair of black horses, and that it had pulled up im mediately under her window. It was a lovely moonlight night, so she had leant out to see if she could recognise the occupant of the eledge. As she did bo he raised his head and looked her, straight in the face, when she discovered he was a perfect stranger. What Violet considered most extraordinary was, that on meetinglher eye, he held np his left hand and shook his head solomnly, then giving rein to his horses rapidly disappeared down the avenne. My wife was naturally anxious to discover who thia mj-terions Btranger conld be, and had called ma up to see if I knew. She described bim as being quite young, bat with snow-whita hair; pierc ing blaok eyes, a black mouatache, and com pletely wrapped in sable3. 1 being well ac quainted with all my netfjfiboura far and near, felt quite certain that he was not one of them, and the only conclusion we could come to was'Jb.athe was some visitor from town who wished to astonish tho natives with such a hitherto nnheard-of conveyance as a sledge. I asked her if ehe was quite sure she had not been dreaming, when she indignantly replied that she had never felt morewide awake ft her life, having at the time been sitting up writing a moat import ant Utter. When I related my wife's etory in the billiard, rnorr, one of my convivial friends suggested that we should all sally forth in a body and search the ground for the unfortunate beggar, who had no -doubt lost his way, and would be glad to be given a drink. We all acted on' this, idea with alacrity, any small excitement always bsing acceptable in a country bonse. In tha mean time the weather, bad completely changed, and it had commenced to snow heavily, which accounted satisfactorily for our nat baing able to discover traces of tbe sledge. We soon got tired of the search, agreeing that the myBterioua stranger had discovered be waa trespassing, and had made the best ol his way home. The next day Violet appeared ? rather an noyed when we chaflad about|ber melancholy visitor of the previous night, and seeing that it waB not welcome we soon dropped the sub ject, and in fact forgot it. That evening, aa we men had just decided on separating for tho night.'thi do?r of tbo smokingroom burst open, and, to my intense surprioe, my wife rnshed in, her dressing gown thrown on, her hair all dishevelled, and looking perfectly ghastly. She hardly seemed to know what she waa doing, and, when I enquired what on earth was the matter, sank into a chair, gasping out :? ' He has come again I' Sseing that Bha was really affected, I hastened to gas bar s gla33 ot wine, and begged her to give me fall par ticulars. It appears that ehe had gone to bed, and had Blept soundly until awikvnsd by the sound of approscbiog sledge beil-j, then starting up.'had thrown on her dteasing gown and rnshed to the window,' where ehe discovered the eledge had been brought tn a standstill at exactly the same spot as on ih3 previous night. On her appeerit.ee the driver, looking up at her steadfastly, had raised his hand and shaken his head in pre cisely the same warning manner as before. Not waiting for more, and filled with name less terror, the poor little woman had rushed down to me in this excited condition. We all felt most indignant nt what we began to think was a very imperlinent practical joke, and, confiding my wifo to tho care ot her maid, rushed out with the intention ol finding and making it hot for tbe perpetrator. We ran oat eagerly ; the night waa olear and frosty, tha ground was covered with snow, although none had fallen since the morniog, and I confess that I experienced quit) a shook when, on arrivfl'lr beneath my wife's window, we discovered tbe snow, was com pletely undisturbed, and there was not the fainteal trace of anything having passed that way. We all returned to the house some what subdued, and talked tbe matter welL over, when we oame to the conclusion thar there must bo something queer about the affair, as it was absurd to imagine that my sensible little wife ooald be tbo viotlm of any auoh delusion. Therefore w» unanimoualy decided on keeping a watch in tho billiard room — whioh was immediately beneath Violot'a room— on tha following night, and wait for what might oocur. In. the mean time wo had agreed not to mention Ihe sub jcot to my wife, and the next day, ahe not appearing at all inclined la introduco it, thlnga went on muoh aa usual. i Same time attar ahe had retired tor the night, we, being fortified with sundry glasses ol hot toddy, repaired to the billiardroom to ootnmenoo our vigil, where we turned down tho gaa and drow up the b'indn, and wero all on tho jul vive for anything that might happen, Tbo allenoa waa becoming raonoton oua, when suddenly il was broken by a pierc ing shriek, and tho sound ot a heavy fall. Iluihing op to my wifo'a room, from whence II had prooeeded, I found her oitendwl on tho floor in a, dead taint, atlll in her avoning dresa, with hor window wide open. It iu a long time before her maid, whom I tqund'ta tbo room, oould restore hn to oonaoiouaneia, and even then aha itemed almost delirious, and kept walling oat, 'Whydoeibo pome? What does he mean ?' The ratld attorwardi Inlormed me thai ahe bid been rtqueatod by her miatreaa to remain ia her room with her until her maiter came up, and aho had itatod aho did not intend tin drcaiing until then, liar lady bad Mood wrapped In a ihawl lor a long tlma at Iho window, and appeared to bo listening In tently for lometnlng she expeoled. Had denly aba bad Rlvao » violent Mart, and leaning out of lbs window, had. excitedly called the maid to hit aids, and naked her In a trembling voloe, whether iho could noWee anything coming op the avtnua or hear tho tfokls ol belli. It waa a atill moon. Ught night, almost u light a» day, bnt tha maid, a brl|bl, Intelligent girl, deolarod tha could, ue or hear nothing, and had only just lurnod from tha window when eua waa barrifietHo lee. her ml«ue«j stagger back wardn and fall fainting to Ihu ground. Tho iloltntehoak. thai my wlto had reoolvad to huneiToua lyalem leaulled Inn long and ?eiloua Ulaoia, and aa aoon aa ahs could bo moved I took ber on tha continent, whoro ihe «hoit!y rooowwd her ho»Uh and aplrlla. ' We neither ol ua ever alluiled lo thu eaui&oi; hex Ulnau, iho deling peculiarly lenaltlvo on' the rcbjtoi, W4 wionlUig myjttTlflg j«|t»^ it as an hallucination. Though apBj&iUy; :; forgotten by us bosh. I did not corriWef it ^ judicious to spend the coming Xsw lear in -fi Scotland, and we therefore agreed on paying. -J a Jong-promised visit to St.Pe:eMhurj; w -ereC;| I had many intimsto fri?n?s in I nfljcntial ^ circle?. On our arrival they, all viijd wiih^j eaoh other in Bhowinir us no-pi;alny, nyj» wifo wasimmanscly admired .and hir vivhciHM and wit made her very popnar. Jfl't b:faro .», our intended departure one ollead'. rs of .-oaiaty & arranged a bill in our- honor, ;o wnicb.^ Violet looked forward, with grsaS pie^ure,^. and mndp mo3t elaborate preparations. When $ tho night ot thh Icta.arrivsd. and iny wifaTg entered ths room, drewd for tb.9 ball, IfJ thought I had na--.'r seen her lock fo lovely, gS with that look o! joyous antiaipitbn ou her ^ oountenanca tha1; a beautiful womr.i always ;v wears when Eh2 is sure of her triump.is. . During our short drive to t'.iR Itotvl ? ,^ oardcatination,'6h3 amused me b.r hcralmost:j childish aaticipition ot tho cominR enjoy- ' ment. On arriving! there ahe ascended -tlt^0 step's on my arm, still laughing and chatting 5; gaily, but just as wa: wero about to enter th8 '?£ door she turned, her hoal 09 if violently^ startled. I felt her trembling from head to c* foot, her face w deadly pale, and her eyca ;2 were fixed on the spot from which our car- .f, riage had jnat moved. On my enquiring the ;^ reason of her agitation, ahe excitably ex-»« olaimed, 'Look there 1' pointirjg to thefootva ofthesteps. -.When I declirad laaw nothing, ;| Bhe seemed completely nnr.erved, and inj' '^ plored me to tako her home. Poor Violet '~ clung to me closely, paasionitoiy exolaiming - tbat if I did nbtdo ao at nccs Khe knew she d would dis, and, finding remonsr mca only in-J| breased her distrois. I tnsujht it best toje; do as she wished. WhiU', in tho carriage fR. oould not get an explxn&tion;, as my vjE^ seemed- thoroughly proatrite, and»./r.:| ^~^\ei arrival I had to support her into her y b j There, whtn she appeared'hotter, I rcqu^j at her to explain her extraordinary conduct ' an awed, almost scared voice Violet' infor Tons ma that on entering the Hotel — — !she i.,lun heard tho Bound of sledge b:llo, and on tutf ing to see who had arrived, had perceivt-—, 'the Bame mysterious man who had cause/-1-^ her bo much terror tho previous year ir-' Scotland. .There ho was, wrapped in hi»; heavy1 sablesT and using the same warning — gestures. I tried to reaBon'with her and; im- \ pre»a upon he«/fcho-great offenoo her absenca»' would probably cause on such an ocoaafo/'t;' For some time she waa quite impracticoa? coj bat Beeing at laat how much in eopiu; U was, mv dear littlo wife evidam!y/m;i jy befc great effort and. consented to ret'irn wiUu; V'73 Alltho sino i *lt qaito cucv-d to rn-Vj^1 what ch.tnga this strange occurrence -M» made in her, the shrinking, paiu Udy I wiSB now con'Iiictiog to tho earm^'e ncing indeedS^ a very ciflcrent person to the brilliant, joyous ;. beauty of a short time bui'or^. Ja« as wa ?' were obout to Bet foot in the: carriage -a' y terrible csp!ojioa waa heard, and » few ; ininutes later the fearful news hid circulated ?i through,, the city that tho Hotel ? , where X the ball wai. being given, hsd been blown to 'J the ground (it W£3 supposed by NihiliKt*^' ' and not a soul there had escaped. - - n 