ELECTORS! IBEVARE. MURDER Will out is an old saying that has been oftimes verified. The per petrator of the act has according to his cunning so cleverly executed the deed thathe felt certain that so far as out ward appearances were concerned he was perfectly safe and beyond suspicion. As time passed on he considered himself secure but his conscience was ill at ease and one night unwittingly in his slum bers, he to the horror of a wide awake companion i an adjoiningroom, let out the circumstances, which eventually led to his removal from the busy haunts of men. In the criminal -world so in the political. lien of ten commit acts that like the mussels on the piles supporting Sandridge pier, stick to them with a tenacity that defies removal. They change their outward vestment and de claim loudly in their own favor and by some means lead the ignorant, to believe in them, but when their past conduct is carefully studied by the electric light of public opinion they appear in their true character which is bad in the extreme. It is marvellous how gullible some men are, give them a pint of beer to wash down a hogshead of highfalutin non sense and they are prepared to believethat the ' talker' is a very god risen from the dust of purity and political cleanliness. In the midst of their jubilate, a ghost slowly arises in the rear, and with a clearness that is truly horrifying to them, proceeds to point out the PAST. The gaunt skeleton like being is assailed with huge stones in the form of " liar," " bosh," false," and other such missiles, but the apparition heeds them not. It has a duty to perform, and it does it with so much effect that the traitor is forced to admit he is a fraud and an arrant knave. The PAST conduct of a man is a very sure index of his rFUTu.E action. If he can defraud his country when employed in a humble sphere, how much more will he net the part if g;ven more power in the FUTURE ? Charqcter is the standard by which men are guaged, -principles are the charm of life, and if imen have dirty characters, and are utterly unprincipled, their duty is not to represent honest men in places where honor and worth should be the main springs of action. 