Oddities in Wills. Simple a matter as it really is, lawyers have not always been saooessfttl in drawing their own wills. Lord St. Leonard, H.'nu Chancellor of England, who. as Edw Sogdeon, was the most eminent chanoery lawyer In England, and who, with a Dumber of law books, One particularly with a very elaborate chapter on drawing wills, drew hfe own will, and it requited an expensive law. suit and the deoieion of a Court of Chancery to give it proper effect. The will of Lord Westbury, another Lord High Chancellor drawn by himself, met with the same fate. I oould give you many similar instances. There have been devises to animals or for their benefit whioh have been held valid— to oats, dogs, horses, and even parrots. Not infrequently people have undertaken to show their spite and hatred, and sometimes their humour, in wills. The will of Lord Pembroke in the seven teenth century has several Items of that kind. For instance: — 1 give nothing to my Lord' Saye, and 1 do make him this legacy willingly, because I know that he will faithfully distribute it unto the poor. Item — I give op the ghost.' Lord Bacon had no property to leave, bet le left a regularly exeonted will, in whieh he bequeathed his name and memory ' to men's charitable speeches, to foreign nations, and the next ages.' Shakspeare left an elaborate will, which contains a clause that has puzzled the Shmkspeareans not a little. I give unto my wife my second best bed, with the furniture.' Why did he only give Ann Hathaway his seoond best, and not his best bed ? Nothing else did she get, and the will has been sought in vain to know the reason why. Lord Nelson left a will, drawn just before he went into the battle of Trafalgar, by whioh he bequeathed Lady Hamilton and her daughter to his king and country ; but neither king nor aountry accepted the legacy, and they both oame to want, Lady . lamilton dying in abject poverty. Napoleon, In his will, left a handsome legacy I to a wretoh named Chatilion, who had attempted to assassinate Wellington. I The will of Rabelais has this olause ' I have no available property ; I owe a great deal ; the rest I give to the poor.' His last words when dying were : ' I go to see the great Perhaps.' A famous French abbe had this pithy clause in his will—4 To my steward I leave nothing, because he has been j io my service for eighteen years.' It is not unusual for a man to leave all hia property to his wife, with the proviso that if she marries again she is to have only what th6 law allows her. Gov. Morris, the celebrated American statesman, did not treat his wife so. He had married very late in life Ann Randolph, a cousin of John, of Beanoke, a woman much younger than himself, and with whom he lived very happily. He bequeathed a very handsome iaoome to her, and then provided that in case she married I again the income should be doubled. I A soldier or a sailor is allowed to make a nuncupative wiii— that is, a will by word of mouth, by which personal estate may be I disposed of ; but you, being a civilian, most make yours in writing. It doesn't matter much what the writing is on— it may be on a slate, or a table top, or even a wall, though it is advisable tbat it should be on paper or parchment. Yoa may write it and sign your name in pencil if y0u like, but it is better to do it in ink. | You may make your will in Ghootaw, if you happen to. understand that language, or it may, as Hamlet says, 4 be writ in tha choicest Italian ;' you may write it in short hand, or in abrevlations, or in oipher, so long as you leave the key behind you. Courts are not martinets as to the spelling, and if your orthography is not perfectly ultra, they will not mind |t, if they ean make it out. If you wish to drop into poetry, even tbat is permitted, as the following base of a valid will shows I give and bequeath. When I'm laid uooeraeath, To my loving sitters moat dear, The wtnle of my score, Were it twioe as much more, Wh'ch God'a giodneae has granted to me. And that none may prevent This, my will and infc-mt. Or occasion the least of lav racket, Wi'h a solemn appeal, I o nfirm, sign, and seal, This, the true act and deed of Will Jacket. — Chicago Herald , 