The Weird Bird of the South Atlantic- . As tho craft bowls along -in mo oomn Atlantic a new world seems to open on tho voyager. Tho constellation of the Southern Cross has scarcely become familiar to him before ho begins to Beo animal, or rather bird, lifo altogether now to him. Ono of tho greatest novelties of this kind that can ever impress itself on tbe mind of man is tho albatross. Some morning tho lounger will renoh tho deck and. casting his eyo in tho wake of the ship to judgo her speed, will Bee a spcok just above tho horizon far astern. Growing larger and largor ob it approaches, it finally developes into a gigantic bird, ond the old sailor, conning the helm, will gruffly suggest tho foot that it is proper for tho tyro to wet his first introduction to an albatross. There is something inexpressibly weird about the bird itself, as well as in its manner ot flight, and it is a matter of littlo wonder to those who have seen it that a brain such as Coleridge's should have hit upon it for tho text of his Lady of tho Ancient Mariner. Without a beat of wing, without motion of the body, tho bird will, by long, easy-going tacks, swoop up from astern until it gets within easy watohing distance from the ship it chooses to follow. It will then ' lay to' at that respectful distance, and, after taking ? thorough stock of the stranger that has in vaded its domain, will, with no apparent effort, swoop past tho ship to port or star board, as the case may bo, pass it by several cable lengths, and then, laying to on tha opposito hand to its advance, allow tho ship to pass it, and will then onco more tako up its post as rear guard to tho proc&Bsion.; Nothing can bo more ghost-like than tho action of tho albatross in thuB paBsing. or being passed. No stroke of the wing occurs, ond oil the motion apparent, except that of the almoBt uninteligible cleaving of the oir, is tho half turn of tho bird's hoad toward tho ship, mado as if to see what manner of beast this was that nau oome to DOiner it. xnougn sailors are over prono to superstition, they seem not to bo very particular as to tho sacredness of tho albatross, and will always assist in a capture, in spite of the ourse Colo ridge associates with its killing. The lords and ladies of the King of Dahomey's court don't wear stockings ; therefore it would be useless for Queen Victoria to confer tho garter upon any ot them. Thoy would be ap- to uee it for a dog collar if she did. — Norr. Berald. Stately old damo (honselteeper), during ab sence of tho family, Ehowing tha bed Queen Elizabeth slept in. Visison : Is it bona fide 1 Dame (bridlinq) : No, sir ; HingliBh hoak, Shakespeare remarks that ' the good men do is oft interred with their bones.' That may have been the rula in Shakespeare's time, but the rula nowadays is to print it in the news papers and carve it in big letters on the grave stone. — Puck. Mistiiess (to applicant)— Yes, I want a nica French maid. The last one I had I only kept a short timo, because she couldn't understand English. FrenohMaid — Ye'llhaveno thrubble of that kind wid me, mum. Oi not only under stand English, but I spake it, too.— New York Sun. Most women valua a olear complexion, if attainable. Helen of Troy is said to have bathed daily in wine and milk to preserve the purity of hor Bilky skin. Cleopatra used various medicated ointments and fragrant cosmetics to onhance her charms. Tho be witohing. Catherino of Eussia habitually washed in strawberry juice; while Btranga and grim tales are told abont' tho preparation of the mysterious baths Ninon L'Enclos is supposed to have indulged in. Our fair sex are less luxurious in these days, and wo find that ladies who value a transparent white skin, a delicate complexion, in w'.'sh tho tint of tho rose is softly blended with tho snowy hue of the lily, are now being advised by an eminent authority on tho art of keep ing beautiful forever, to frequently apply tha and of a raw potato to tho face and neck by gentle rubbing. Alter ruoomg, tne face ana neok should be washed, and gentle friotion is to follow. Ladies are Btrongly urged to always keep a raw potato on the washstand. One great advantage the potato seems to poBSeBS over many other skin beautifiers seems to be its exceeding cheapness, as one potato can ba used over and over and over again, . since it is only necessary to remove a little of the outer aurfaeo and to para off a thin slico before applying tho freshly out surfaoe. A good story is told of a prominent member of society who has a habit ot tying a knot in her pocket handkerchief when Bhe wishes to fix anything in her niind whioh must bo at- . tended to. She was engaged in a desperata flirtation on a certain occasion, and in hor abstraction dropped her handkerchief on tha floor. This was noticed by her hostess; who endeavoured to break up tho flirtation by inviting hor guest into another part of tho house Aa the latter roso from her ohair Bho stooped and picked, up lier handkerchief, noticing, as she did so, the knot tied in ono corner. ' What have I forgotten to-day 1 ' - she asked audibly. ' That yon hava a hus- - band,' replied tho hostess. The story was repeated, and the lady, who is a well-known member of the diplomatio oirclo, alwayi kcups - Jier handkerchiof froe trom knots now. 0 ' ' 