ECHOES AND RE-ECHOES. FUTURE GENERAL FURNER. Brigodier-General Owen (reading L. L. Futnet's great military speech)— Great Caesar's ghost 1 and has it come to this, That I who know the rules and art of war Should have a draper taking up tho theme And talking out. I will resign. Yet, no, I won't; it's so ridiculous. What will hap next ? I'll have my gardener On mines and counter-mines and breaches too, Coming it strong on sapping and the like, And holding forth on every ruse of war. It serves me right that I did come out here To play at soldiers with a handful small Of citizens and tailors from the shop. L. L. Firmer (conning his own speech) I am accounted something of a militaire All unfamiliar as the ride is To my soft band ; but then I have the time To study rules and arts of war at home. When I dc speak of soldiers and their use Let no man laugh, for were there horrid war They'd cry for Furner and demand his aid. My own vocation I did much mistake When I did choose the yardstick, not thesword. Why, Owen gained his knowledge all abroad. What knowetb he of South Australian war Manoeuvres, which are most original ? I'll have him banished hence and take the reins Of martial rule myself If Parliament Will place me in the post he occupies. I play at chess and know its strategies; 'Tis mimic war, and surely that's enough. Why, Cromwell was a man of peace ere be Usurped the rule of England and made war. Or rather war did make, and rule usurped. Then I, the modern Cromwell, Farner called, Will leave my name to future history. No matter who he ia or what his peaceful occupation might have been, your average member oi Parliament or prospective M.P. passes as an authority on military matters. Give him a good platform and an andience ho wever small,and straightway he spreads him self on the Bnbjectof the merits and demerits of the different branches of the Defence Force, crashing one at a word and putting the other on a firm footing. Imperial officers have no show here with so much local talent, and it iB abont time they stood aside and let colo nial industry (or self-sufficiency) have a show. It iB awful to contemplate the fearful flood of eloquence that is bound to flow when the Honse meets, and no doubt the Duke o Cambridge, Lord Wolseley, the War Minis ters of Europe, Asia, Africa, and America will eagerly buy np " Hansard" for the sake of the new ideas they must gather from the fountain-heads of military engineering and tactics. After being at daggers drawn for a certain period and after exchanging volleys over dig nity and dictionary terms, the Brigadier General and the E.V.F. Council—that recal citrant Council so difficult to drive and so hard to curb—have buried the hatchet. The R.V.F. made the hole, and the Brigadier General put the hatchet in, and nobody was scalped. Life is too short for squabbles, and it is just as well that the strained relations between those two powers are slackened up so to speak, especially as there is a battle pending, to be fonght out on the floor of the Honse, as to whioh shall stand possessed of the confidence of South Australia, the red ccats or the grey tunics. This battle may end like the famous'fight of the Kilkenny cats, whose tails were all that remained after the final scrimmage. Some people who are friends of both forces seem to think that it i wonld be better after all to make a clean sweep and reorganize, because it cannot be said of either party that it is f esh, fowl, or j good red h " Battle his bones over the stones; he's only a pauper whom nobody owns." In this case, however, he was only a labourer, a common 'orny 'anded son of toil—in fact, there were two, and the paternal authorities (save the mark) objected to bury them at their own expense, especially as the men were killed "on service" so to speak, It is a wonder that the men were not docked for lost time during the time they wasted in getting killed. Those men had no right to get killed. It was like their impudence, ahd is only another example of the self-assertion of the working classes. They are getting too cheeky altogether, bolstered up as they are by the Unions, leaders of the unemployed, and the sympathizing public—in fact, it is getting intolerable. They are not satisfied with worrying the Government when they are alive for work, but when they are dead they bequeath the feud to their mothers, widows, and children. In many parts of the North where the farmers have been starved out through drought, many farmers, labourers, and others have taken up a new enterprise, viz., kangaroo hunting, and many are the schemes devised to get within easy distance of the bounding kangaroo. One poor fellow recently had a narrow escape of losing his life through adopting one of these schemes. He had got the skin of an old man kangaroo carefully dried, with the head, legs, and tail intact, and had tied it over his body as a means of getting among the game without disturbing them. The decoy was so complete that he soon was in the midst of a fine mob, hopping like a real kangaroo and just abont to take aim when another hunter came along with three fine dogs. The dcgs took after the mob, but the decoy could not follow at their-pace, and being left behind the dogs went straight for him, pnlled him down, and had bitten him rather severely before he could get the skin off or assistance could arrive. Had it not been that the owner of the dogs came np to assist them in despatching a kangaroo (as he thongbt) he would probably have been torn to pieces. Moral—Never appear in borrowed plnmes. The natives in the interior are looking very thin just now. There is very little flesh on the game, nardoo is scarce, they can't find any grubs, and the squatters are having such hard times they cannot afford to feed the luggers. A remarkably lean native made his appearance in a Northern town lately, and putting his hand slightly bslow the region of his heart asserted that he was belly hungry, big'one no gammon. Somebody gave him a feed, and asked him 'why the did not kill wallabies for food. " No good wal laby," replied the native; " Gubment kill 'em all the fat one, and only skinny ones left," evidently being under the impression that the reason the game was so poor wsb that the ecalpirg parties had been only killing the plump fat ones, and had left the lean ones for the natives. Hugh Ealpytus says" The battle of the drainB is bringing the qniet Corporation of St. Peters into some prominence, but what may be fan to them is death to the Commis sioner's peace of mind. Without meaning any disrespect he may be likened to the donkey between two bundles oi hay, and the best thing he can do is to tOBS up—heads for drainage, tails for surface stinks. In olden times snch a snbject of difference would have brought about a civil war, and we should have had one party Bhedding their life blood and wasting their substance for the sake of surface stinks, while the other war faction were crying, ' Death or deep drainage !' The MontagneB and the Capnlets founded a four-generation feud upon the murder of a white hen, and the Smiths and Jones's of St. Peters with all their several following might get up a real good vendetta over gutters and drains. We have all heard of the ' Wars of the Hoses,' but .this would be the ' War of the Noses,' and could be made juBt as bitter. One benefit, however, has arisen out of the dis pute, for the Hon. J. B. Spence has been safely delivered of one idea—of his own, too. He cackled over it like a self-satisfield hen over a solitary chick hatched out of a sitting of addled eggs. He had better take the greatest care of that'own idea,' because he may never have another; nature exhausted herself in the effort to produce it, and this bantling of his may never be reared; it is enre to die of atrophy if he does not take the utmost care of it." 