\- f.-T j?C _,yj i£ju-i A 7 & sotE vmrTuHG smmk f FfcEDEEICK ' WBYEK4A5l!i "€©OD/WI) ;. Da ChaXIIa fcas giteh tE a rtory of a «®=ke charmer , who suffered ly fefs tenferity is 1 playing w|th a eirike, thefaiigs of wlidi hand j been left hitaete .The naja,.or greut water suake.ef Equatorial ajrie3, wfcicb: grow» to- 10ft, id lengthy Mas mai of the chatater- ! ..isticsr -.of ' tke". cdbi4,: benfg veBomcus, acd - Sharing ihepower bf erecting ItseflF. ' Thete ; ?wak on f he Gaboon stnsgro from Gdree Defied " fee kis d&riug; in' handling these 4M other serpents. , "C(he day be appeared with "a huge csja, . a'd began to noose himself and ; a crowd of" natives by "teasing tteei reptile. At first, when Da Chaillo eiwj him, fee had th% suake coilfd robed isia : body, but took good cste to lasld it firmly . j"tt below tfce necfe, ami it- was obvious that fee had to txnaraerable «Es©ar. t cf strength, 3 -for fjUi® mnscles pf. fcis.arm.etqad oat in bold relief. Then with his other hsnd he took the toil of the make, and giving it ia vicar cms awipg tmfcided th®.i reptile from hie black body, wbick - was shiuiwg with pssfdration and excitement. He Bixt threwv ifc away, then snddeniy . nn"br front of :it,_ and .tensed it wife : a light stick. <( The - man," says " Da . Tktaiilo, : : " became -bolder and . bolder, more and more careles?, and the spake - - probably more apd more- 2ecus« temed To the .mode of . warfare of Ms j antagonist,': and just as The mooste r st c-cd ; erect The man. attempted to seiae its ueck, as 'he had -dene many and - many., a ... time7 before ; hot grasped the body too low, asd before he had time to let it go. bead turned and the man was biUen, - T was perfertly - speechless ; the tceoe had-, frozen my Mhtd, andv toe wjki shitcks >f all those SEToandrent the air, Tbe ssrpen was kjpse and crawliog on Jhe groand, Bat before- it Bad time to. go for; a. lijEg pole f came down : upon its - back and \- broke its spme, asd-in less time than I take : to write it "down the monster was killeo.:1 The French: -doctor of the £ettlem£:nt . was . fortwcstely at hand, r and applied prompt and powcrfui remedies. -- The man. suffered intensely for some time, bis body becoming swollen and fai= mind wandering s hfs fife seemed to hang in the balance, At last he was able to get aboat, thoteh corapiaimug of great pain in the region or feig" heart. A short time after the S'?cldent be went out, as he said, to cat wood with bis axe, but suddenly a plife his own skull in "two The manbad Income insane. Tbe viraknee of snake poison, and espe- ciairy rattie-s&afee; poiscD, is sc-mething alonost inconceivaBle: A caee cime unver the writer's notfee a few years ao ln Gali. foroia, which. is different in its natnre frcm any he has eeen recorded. A friend, Mr; S— — , a successful vinfeyafdigt Tn the beautiful Sonoma Valley, employed, «& do all the vine growers and w|nc makers of the Golden State, a number of Chmamen, One of these, while picking grapes, was bitten in the arm by a rattlesnake. - He was immediately taken to the house, and a meseenger sent for the nearest doctor. Mean time, his arm was placed in a footbath, filled wife native brandy jaat from the still, and as strong ae brandy can be, the expec tation being that it would dissolve tbe poison out of. the wound. Every effort aleo wafe made to induce the Ghinaman, who was in fee greatest agony, to drink a quantity of theEame spirit, the general belief being that if the victim can be well filled up with the; potent fluid and made intoxicated, hisJ chances of living are 'mroh greater- Teetotallers have not the ghost of a chance. The Ghinaman absolutely refused, and when hie expired, which was shortly afterwards, unfeeling people - said, " Yoa see, . he'd rather die than drink that abomiu- able ; Galifornian brandy.'' The point of tbe story is that Mr. S— — , wish rag to: make the Ghinaman keep his arm well soaked in the brandy, put bis ownhand on it and in the liquid, of which there was a quantity of not less Jhan four gallons. He etated to- the writer that be was not aware of any scratch or abrasion on 1 his kand,.y|t_be immediately pofeohed, j and for a -long time afterward? w? Iked abaut fgefely, his face of a greenish-white ! and coippe. tike appearance. Although- he had the best medical advice, and Arrived, t it very ddufctFuT Whether his system had jaot been" pfcrmanently injured: Daly a part of th® pqison had evidently distolved m The Brandy, and was diluted tend diffaeed bMcpgh toyetol gallons of it ; but there was sqfifeibht virulence in it to kill a dozen men. A! very recent Writer, who brought a South j-Aiperito«k rattlesnake bosfe with 'bim, I'itoT® -.tost,5 -of whife this ihe : t ate . rnaoy while ; m my posseseion, fell over wlien struck, " shiveted, and " were dead to - sreo&to; two withoutea ory, Las though shbVj and this from two tiny pin I wouridg,not easyto find even on detection." An American experimentalist reeords fee : i effqete .pf the poison on even vegetable, wcler Be Tnnoculated wife fee point of a IaaeefV . They werp healthy and fresh when theolnt was Insrtted ; next day they were withered, and dead, and looked as though : scathed by'Jightning. Fayrer feahsiidffed s thh. tofibM ferpugh the blood ?of %s of - toyto toiifiili tfi fafel rotolte to aH? :-Fet . fee efeh of any " of them might h ave been " siffely - ihtem ; ufte&dants5; a off baMve srttoto AlwiyB ate - the - fbwls p&ismled; " IB fee cototo 7 .Ajastralian gentleman, some yetos ago was; pf a venomous aiake com By , iwlsbblng ftielfr He feaamtteda black snake to the gtound by of:kTprked stick/ and ubmtfetiOnaUy mTpIk MsteBy fee toiddle ef the|jodyi£ Ko sooner Tad he deflnethih than feb subkfe oot into a violent rage, and instantly bulled ire fangs in itself, making fee spot wft, either with viscid slime or fee deadly poison. It bad hardly unbailed its fangs when Its oil8 round the stick suddenly relaxed, a perceptible quiver rvn though it- body, and, iii touch leas time fean "it takes td -write it, lay extended 1 ai d m'otiouleES, as though gaspmg for breath. In lefes thah three minutes from fee time it bit itself it was perfectly dead. A post mortem examination showed the blood colourless, as though fee poison had Wtotrcredfee colourihginatbe#. W»terton,r Btoretintewfed roadb a latent itself hfmd&gtte; Baiy, rayuthat it asd fctovr'fdr® short tfabe, and: mWlfct?, BSuF zbb brife »d vigorous eter. Hrrmless «rtp«it£ have a £ afitipafeir to fe® raUteroAv «d. otieo attach ill Tbe chain or ricgfiDake tt fully tnDt«Bfed from reasMi M- the Bouthc-ro Stetes of America. Ts California tbe ssme enake will tsreep wp rtealfeify to cme till within a few fcftfeeo inake a" jiudden" eprfeg, and cofl rpKito rtufeing ft to death. But ita great enemy is the hbgeiiber wifcd OTdomesticaf ee< ; A writer' In tbe Field testified j to fee tame thing Id" regard to the cobra. He M pigs bfetos over and ov«" »g«n in -the sninsS : and face, without fe? rtightest ill results, awe gsnerally coining off victorious. In the Western States ©f Amrttea it Is toM that an old bow wife litter to provide for wifi hnnfc the ratMe- sna&e; and a 'bw it to bite into tee fat of its chelks SgaM ar d again ; when the reptile is tired out, It will seize it fey tire bead and rip it to ineees through its teefe. If a hog is fean and the fangs strike fee circulation, it wHl, howe ver, die from tbe wounds. The m-cgobec, a bird known as fee kiDgfisbfr of Australia, and the' secretary -bird oi Africa, wre weH kcowa almost always to come off victorims hi eeoounters wife the anske, and J It has even been proposed to Breed feem speclally fcr its extirpation. " 