THE WhWSPFBSB^ BUNGALOW. ' A* TB ATL ANTEB'S STORY. B-K ThR. NE'ERrDOyWELL. [KB..— Although I write thefollowing story in. the first person/ 1 wish it to be clearly understood' that I ana simply re ?nrvrfincr. rorvrH fnr word, what- 0. tea-nlanter told ms,,ana wno,, witn.se veaai witnesses, is willing.', to most solemnly declare that Bvery word in this tale is trise.l In May,- 187%, I was earning £1 a week in a shipbroker's office in* London. In the following month my. faiher died, and left me about £jb,pOO. At the date of my fathers- death I was bareiy 23 years of age. Ideterminedito.no longer remain in a clerkship, butr to migrate to the East, and tura. my attention to. something respect able and remunerative. I had letters from friends in India, and all I heard from Beemed* to. be coining money. I informed lay Mends- it was my intention ta.come ouihene andito- put what money 1 had . into, some concean, and hope fpr the best. ! , I do bo4 exaggerate when Xsay;I got scores of: letters ofi introduction from, .my friends^ , Of all the useless, bothersome, and enigmatical prcdasiions of vile man 1 consider introductory letters to be the most prominent. Why are people so partial and charitable:, as to. give letters |to their merest acquaintances 1 . : , „? , f I left England in October, '7$' and arrived in Calcutta 'when eve^ifchmgTBas; at its best and brightest. ? Jinr r ; '- 1 enjoyed the voyage outirandlofcouijse imagined myself in' love. . .: \ On landing in Calcutta I presented my letters of introduction to the gentlemen to whom they were addressed. ' They were most kind and liberal 'wiih; their 'advice. ;Some invited me rto dinner ; some much regretted I had .not been one week earlier, and declared thathad I been here then I could have got a good billet oflnita — in faftt. walked in. After -hearing the same song from a good many i tanciea 1 was like the unfortunate Neddy in the pathetic ballad — ' ' '', | Neddy he came too late! too late I ?'?-- But Neddy he came too late^ .....- Six weeks after I had been in Calcutta I much regretted I had ever left thesh^p broker's office. . ^ - 1 /One morning I calledon one of the. offices in which I had left a/ew letters! ot introduction, when to my :' surprise I was more than usually graciously received [by the - Burra-Sahib (i.e. , : the managing partner). - ; ,?: . ; j 'Xou have been a long ,, time:. out :o harness .and on the lookout .for. some thing to do,' said he./1 ,~ J. ' j ? ' ' ' I have, indeed, and as ; yetl' have heard of nothing at alL I want ? to get into something soon. I don't, care what it is, and if I do not succeed in. getting an appointment I shall go home again.' j ? 'If I understand correctly you have twelve thousand rupees, and' are anxious to invest ibjfco.r&e; best of advantage/' :: V 'I. have about that, I think,'.! jre 'plied'. '5 . -?-;.- j ' I want a young fellow such as you to learn teaplanting' and rail the; secrets; of the .business. I ; presume at present you know nothing whatever about- iiea,* jits value, and the numerous etceteras,' fhe said. ? ' .. , I nleaded isnorance, but promised to read, mark, and learn all I could. about tea. ? ? ?? , ? ....-.??' ?? . ????;? The end of it was that the next day I packed up my 'household gods,' such as they were, and. was soon en route for a large tea-garden, on which many a young fellow bad learnt all about the secrets of preparing the material for 'the cup that cheers.' i I shall not describe the teaplanter's life ; the pay for oftentimes many years is most paltry and mean, but when once made the Manager of a garden times go easier with one. . . : The happiest year in all my life I spent on this garden, and it was with regret 1 read a letter informing me that I had been appointed Manager of a tea garden in — — , and that I would proceed there at once. . 'Of late years,' the agent wrote, ' this garden has been badly managed, and if you «ian make better returns than the recent Managers have done, I shall see that the Directors vote you a bonus and allow you to put your money in it should you feel desirous of so doing.' Even this-inducement did not make me anxious to leave my old friends and start off for a new garden in a part of India universally ' regarded as being most un healthy. .However, L went, and I found it waa a long, dreary, weary ride. My traps fol lowed closely behind in a sjaringless cart. My pilgrimage lasted many days, and every morning I felt more weary. It was a three davs' iournev to a dace called J — — , which was within 4 miles of the garden I was to manage. \ The fellows welcomed me up to their district as only Englishmen (and Colonials) can, I wa3 free to eat and drink anything and everything they had. A bed, horses, trap, bath, and barber (of sorts) was at my disposal, if only I would remain the night with my new found friends. ' We shall see lots of yen, and I hope you will often come over here. They aay it is 4 miles to your bungalow, but Crow ther always said he could do it on Old Beeswing in less than fifteen minutes, and Old BeeBwing was never- anything in a race.' We spent a very jolly evening. I aired my new songs neVei before heard by my listeners, who greatly approved of them. Quite by accident this bungalow owned a piano, which they (the present inmates) had won in a Calcutta raffle. ' What sort of a place is it 1' I asked. 'As pretty a little bungalow as you'll find for miles round, the only thing against it is the previous Managers did not look after it enough, and of late years no good has come of it, but you will, I hope, put things right again, and I hope it will bring you good luck.' We went to bed early, and I slept until called by my servant, who had already brought in tea and toast. , About 9 in the morning I left this bungalow for my future home, after pro mising to return the following Sunday and take tiffin with my new friends. I shall never forget the sensation of admiration and satisfaction that came over me when I beheld the picturesque bunga low I was to inhabit. I determined to be happy here, and most seriously thought of writing and asking a sister to come and keep house for me. Everything seemed porfect. It was in first-class condition and most beautifully situated, as well as being in itself a gem of a place. It took me some hours to arrange my household gods, and it was dark before -I had finished. I had a dinner of the lightest description, and a bottle of light beer to wash it down, after which I smoked a cheroot, and then resolved to turn in. I was soon asleep and dreaming of home and old familiar faces. I may have been asleep an hour when suddenly I woke up, experiencing a genuine shiver, and a creepy, crawling Bensation through out my whole anatomy. I felt convinced some one was near me, and that I was almost powerless. ; I opened my eyes, and saw that at my bedside stood a splendid-looking young man, in white clothes of spotless purity md a straw hat. j a fair moustache hid his mouth.! *. ' . ...' - ' Hullo !' Xsaid, 'who arcf you T I then called my kitmaghar and' bearer. : 'I don'tl want anything,' said the young man. « - ~ . . - ; . ' : 'You must have a peg.' . . .. 'ISo, thank you.' ' Where is your horse r -: cc I have no horse.' '?-'.?? 'By this time I was wide' awake, and sras intently looking at my visitor. A itrange sensation came over me, and I :elt as cold as ice. We remained looking it each other for some seconds. 'T am sorry/ If oanT; c*flfer yoo a bed, :-ut I have just come here to-day. ' '?L don't require a- bed aay more. I mow you have just come ; that made me ilso come.' '?Indeed I' '?Yes, yon shiver,. you. feel cold.' 'I have not bean very well lately,' I iaidk 'And you hav«L come herei Have you levar heard thfrstepy about tM» place 1' '?What story ?' I eagerly enquired. '-About its being haunteaL'' '?By- what? By. me?' ' Humbug !. You; are on £ot a practical joka$. and think. I- am to- b«- gulled with such: rubbish. I am really awfully tired md must ask youi to accept of a shake lown on the lounge.'' Igsfcoutof bed ind searched for the matches. 'Never mind me.;. I shall not sleep, and [ cannot leave this. place.'* ;, - 'Cannot leave, why, wh&tr;&the; matter?1 Xeu.say you woa't sleep; I am seedy arid' must have rest.' ; I called for my servant, but got no answer. The' young man regarded me somewhat sympathetically, and said— | . 'Do you know yoH are alone? No Benvants will sleep here or near tnis bungalow ;thay have seen:me 'and believe^ the sight of, me is fatal to them.'- -r j ; 'Bo3h I': I said. .-..-: -.*:.?. ?:: ) r: It then siaruck me as being an unex-, plainable mystery how in a dark room ? I could see so perfectly the face,.figure, and expression of my midnight unwelcome visitor. I could not even Bee my own hand ; I could only see him as a bright figure on a dark background. I was sure I wa3 not dreaming, and yet I felt I muBt be. While moving about the room in search of the matches I accidentally knocked over a jug containing -drinking water ; the water touched my feet and the jug was all broken to small pisces.' I f^lt now certain I was awake and that my visitor was as near the genuine, article! of ghostsi-as ghosts can be. r . ? | v l I remembered all I ever dad ; I remera- ' bered the old nurse telling me I should'be i Becond-sighted and wouldsee strange sights ?- invisible to others, and all this because 1 it was in the twilight when I made my 1 entrance into this world. ; . - \ I was turning towards my visitor when I felt a deathly cold substance pass over '. my foot. I knew at pnee that' it~~wa|L a cobra, and that if it bit me I should be1 a corpse in half an hour. ? j ??? I gave a yell from sheer fright, and jumped onto my bed. The young man was still ti» ere, and his eyes were regu larly, frowning on me. I doubled up my fists and went; for him, but to iny amaze ment I found myself on the floor, and the young man still at my bedside unchanged in ? expression. I thought of all I had overheard or read about mesmerism and spiritualism, and concluded the young man was a.snake in a peculiar form. The wildest and maddest fancies I welcomed as being fresh and reasonable. i , At last I found the matches and. lit a hand-lainp. I looked round the roomj in hones of not seeing the snake, butlTras to be disappointed. There, under a chair, was an enormous cobra. I-hadnothing handy to hit it with, and my revolver was unpacked and in bad ordery j_ I managed to get into the-next, room' -with the lamp somehow- or other; z and .- suc ceeded in shutting .theudoor. ? ? My brain was in a mostjexcited state, and the perspiration was flowing down iny face. - ? ' ?'??' '???*'i .--;,;-;':5:* j .,. I rang a handbell and shotted for any one tr come, f To my surprise j;he door that I had shut seemed to be enveloped in a thick cloud, and then the young man appeared and the cloud had gone. ; 'What does this mean 3 for God's sake tell me?' I said. :T 1 . ' It is a warning for you to leave this place, or you will not be alive in a month. ' He raised his hand and pointing over my shoulder, said 'Look there.' .; , , ] 1 turned and looked in the direction' he indicated, and saw an aged man witii a bent back, and wearing on his head a white pith helmet, The old man's eyes seemed to have a fiendish glare in them, and were rivetted evidently on ine« j ' I see what it is, you brutes ; ydtt heard I was coming up and. you thought I would have money with me, and that it would be yours — that you would frighten me but of it. That man is an old convict, and I Buppoee you are with him ; he has prison clothes on him now^' \ .'... I was up on my feet in a second, and had let drive : at huh with a club. I then turned to strike the young man.; 1 rememjber. raj&ing; the stick.. Seiiftedhis arm as though to prevent it harming him, and then I remember letting the stick come down on him' with my utmost strength. ~ { - - I have not the slightest Idea how long I lay there, bb I could hot say at what time all this happened. ^ - ' It was broad daylight when I was roused by my bearer, whose face, although black, was as nearly white with fright as it is possible to imagine. He was standing trembling at my side. I was not a little burprised to find a small pool of blood under my head. The sight of blood, no matter however little, frightens a native, and my bearer fully believed that I had been murdered. I asked him where he had been the previous night, and he acknowledged that he had been frigh tened, and had gone far away from the bungalow. He informed me that in- the middle of the night my kitmaghar had seen a terrible vision, and had imme diately started on foot for his country. This last sentence certainly greatly surprised me, as this seivant had money coming due the next day. He then told me that the two of them had been sleeping in the verandah, and .that simultaneously they were awakened, and were frightened at seeing the figures of the old man and the young fellow. This puzzled me, and although I tried to laugh it off, I felt very lonely and sad at heart. I went over a part of the estate, when my bearer came and informed me my hosts of the previous day had arrived} and wanted refreshments. - - ' J I 'This is indeed an unexpected plea sure,' I said, as I shook hands with them. 'And how do you think you will like your diggings ?' asked one of them,' while the other slaked his thirst with a soda and whisky peg. .--.-. :: -:v ^ | ' 'Bather lonely; but I shall soon get used to it,' I said. ?.?,.--??? ..,? r \ 'Slept well, I suppose?' r V '/:'_[ ' l ' What questions will you next askj'! 'Why I am sure I can't say;; there is so little to ask about !'. -,: ;..» \\-,- yji.-.a j ' Aie there any other fellows near here?' '.' ' ..; - j 'No, not nearer than Mardhijee.' i ' Well, to tell the truth, some fellows tried to play a practical ? joke on me last night' - v ;-.: .'..?.;?- ;.. ... ; ''Impossible!' . , - i 'Who lived here before me ?' I asked. ' There have been so many.' 'Tell me, was there ever any great event here which frightens the natives away ? My kit has left, and my bearer won't sleep in the verandah or any part of the bungalow.' ' 'It's very strange ; when natives take an idea into their heads nothing will ever drive it out.' - r ? 'Go on,' I said. 'Well, there' is a story about'this place being haunted, and the tale runs thus. You know there have been many changes in this garden since 77. In that year an old man, Collier, was Manager, and had been so for about four years. Under his management the garden was turned from a bad property into a valuable one. Until he went there the garden was never anything but a failure. He put his heart and soul into it, and worked as though the garden was his own. In '77 the agent went on an inspection tour, and taking a friend— a globe-trotter — with him, one night arrived at this bungalow. Collier received them, and as Boon as the lampsr-were- lighted the giobs trotter, after carefully- inspecting him, said, ' 'Which do yoU'prefer, Australia or India V ' ' I know nothiag-of Australia ; I often think I should like to ? take a run down there.' ' ? Your face reminds me very mucbrof a gentleman who was- in Western Australia ten years ago.' ' ' ' Indeed ; how strange. ' 'Conversation seemed to flag, and Collier was not at Ms^ease. 'Early next morning Collier wa» up superintending tha- work, and while the agent and his friend were drinking their early morning tea the agent asked, ''What makes- you think you. saw Collier in Australia.?*. ' 'A little more than fancy.' i . . ''Do you thinkshe is still the man you mean?' ; '????'.?' Yes, most undoubtedly. ' ' ; - cc 'There is soaiBthing peculiar* about him j he has a secret, but . what that secret is no one will ever know. He is a first-class manager, writes a Bglendid letter, and.neveffr wants to go away from this place..' ','.-; ' ' I must be aristaken, only thaJiteness is strong. His name is Collier.?'' \- '''- ' ( ' Y es. E'fi knowB more zb&at; tea growing than Eiany who have bean years longer at it than he has.' \ .' ' The garcBen was carefuEy.-iijfipected, and during the inspection* tha visitor killed time by- trying to recall; al& he had ever heard concerning the man, so much like Collies.. His memory raas- good, and he remembered his (or his likeness's) character and crime thai had. earned for him a fre3 passage to Yfestern Australia. ' Wbes his friend aad Collier returned to breakfast Collier was quite himself again, and spoke most cheerfully of every 'Shortly after breakfast they left and proceeded on their homeward way* three or four -weeks after this a young 'ellow, Fenton, arrived from home. He was sent up to this plaee to learn all about :eagrowing, as Collier was looked upon as being a good teacher. 'For about a year Fenton remained here* under the management of Collie*. To bis friends he wrote, ' Collier is a strange man, and has something on his mind. Me Frequently shouts out in his sleep, and sometimes I feel afraid he will kill him-. 3elf. I shall never like him j he is under a mighty affliction. I think— his conscience troubles him.' - . ? 'One day Collier received aletter telling him he was appointed to take the manage ment of a larger and more important tea garden, and that his screw would be a hundred rupees a month more, and enter taining allowance a3 well. ' 'I knew they would put me away from here ; if I refuse to go they will tell me I can go. I shall not go. I shall remain till I die here,' he said to Fenton. 'I But it is promotion,' urged Fenton. ' ''Promotion, yes, in very truth promo tion, and I shall have to entertain any Tom, Dick, or Harry that turn up. And you step into my shoes : but rtOj. 1 shall not £0. I have made up my miad. to die iere, or go home to .angianQk X can t ifford England yet, and shall aever work igain as I have worked here.' ' One morning Fenton was found lying down here in a pool of blgod (he pointed to exactly the same spot where my head had lain unconscious for hours), and the old man Collier wrote to the firm and intimated that Mr. Fenton had dropped down dead, and that another assistant had better be sent. Heart disease was inthe Fenton family, and Fenton. was sup poEed to have it. 'A week after the agent visited the garden, and was surprised to find every thing quiet there. Inthe verandah lay the dead body of the old man — a small bottle marked 'Poison' in his hand. He left a letter saying that he had cursed every bush in the garden, had not killed Fenton, although he had contemplated doing so, and that he waa the man the. agent's friend had taken him for. 'It appears that Collier was originally sent OU* *'' a c°nvic^ f°r ^ e murder, but that as it was a case of eXtrSm§ p§$uHa.rity he only received a seven years' sentencS instead of for life. 'After thisthisplace never did any good, and people who had lived here declare Fenton and Collier appear every night.' 'But is there any romance about a snake?' I asked, 'W^yeB. Collier ^as a Cnarmer7 and has been seen, and frequently, to play music to draw them from their holes. He once said, 'Snakes and serpents I regard as my best friends.' ' 'I saw a cobra in -my bedroom last night,' I said, . - We then examined the room, and found a hole in the corner, e.idently made by Collier for the admittance of his friends. This hole I caulked up. My friend continued — : 'Vaughan and his wife came here and remained three days. She is now in a lunatic asylum, and he declares it is because she saw something Btrange here. I was manager of this place for one week, but only slept one night here, and that night I shall never forget. He,' pointing to his companion, 'was here after me and threw it up. Bruce remained here one night and then left. In fact, since '77 this garden has never been anything but a haunted place. The native name fpr it now is ' The Haunted Bungalow,' aud it will never get over the name unless Europeans turn to do common coolies' work for eight rupees a month. Ever Bince '77 this estate has been in the market, and is likely always to remain in it. Two young fellows, the Stronachs, from Scotland, once were contemDlatinsr purchasing this property. After living a few weeks here one of them was obliged to go to Calcutta, and when he re turned he found that during his absence his brother had died most mysteriously, and that one doctor who happened to be passing by and put up there for a meal declared the death was caused by a sudden fright.' : I told them what I had experienced the previous night, and begged them to re main the night with me. . 'I would not remain fpr a lac of rupees, hard up as I am, and what is more, although BJ.0,000 would buy the estate out and everything on it, I would not, were I rolling in riches, accept t.hiq place as a present. There is a curse on it, and I faithfully believe it will remain on it for ever. It's haunted, it's unlucky, it's un healthy, and the numbers of young fellows who have died here you would not credit. I don't know what your agreement is with Messrs. ? & Co., but if you will take my advice you will not remain here.' I, however, decided to remain on in spite of the ghosts, and declined an offer of a bed in my friend's bungalow. I bade them good-by, and looked after them as they rode away. That night I made my bearer sleep In the adjoining room, and told him if he saw anything to call me immediately. He did not refuse to do so, but was tardy in consenting to do so. I went to bed, and exactly the same figure of the young man appeared as on the previous night. I remained in bed, and although I did not sleep I lay like one asleep. When daylight at length came I was unable to move hand or foot, and a terrible fever was raging. I called my bearer, but he did not answer. At. last, with much pain, I managed to get to the door, and on getting it opened I saw, exactly in the Eame spot where I had been found lying the previous morning, my bearer. Bleod was round Mb head, and his haif-opened eyes looked terribly strange. 1 gave orders for his burial or crema tion, and determined to go at once to the next bungalow and remain there until I was better. * After a few days in my friend'a bunga low I bsgan to get better, but wrote to-ffie ' firm deetining to return to the haunted1 place. . A doctor happened to call in one day at my friend's, and after examining me, said- 1 had just escaped having a* paralytic stroke. At first he thought »L had been, bitten by a dog. Then he asked if madness in any shape had ever been known in my family, and then said I must bs kept in an unexcitable con dition for some considerable time. On receipt of my letter to the firm, they wrote me regretting my illness and accepting my resignation. I heard of another garden in a different part, and when I v?a3 perfectly well I went to it and remained there well and happy for three years. Sinse ray departure from the haunted bungalow it has had a strange continua tion of vicissitudes. It has changed hands frequently ; it has been turned into a limited Company ; it has been a losing speculation to all interested in it. My successor died there from cholera, his successor died, and the third man went mad, and now the garden is in liquidation. The property might be bought for an old song. I. would not accept it as a present, and I don't know any one who would risk buying it even to sell again. ,...- Soma time after I left it was discovered that cofcras were not rare things about the bungalow, and a 'search for them having beenmade underneath the room in which I had spent two eventful nights were found a number of the most verio moua of snakes. ... ...... 