Playing at Ghosts. There was a half.witted old man--Ben Something, I think,-getting a recarions I Eln bi y daie oBd jobupl i d Inoswi teT c cantry- who. prmf?ds dnot-to believe in ghota. It was a habit of hi' from time to Ome;onoonflight.ightsto-go alone.to sit t on a gravestone in the churchyard, where I people, coming on him chattering to himself, 5 were not a little startled: One night, at the t alebonse, a man proposed trying to frighten c hiim; got a sheet, dressed himself, and stole stealthily round the church and out towards him, aeros the grass. The old man looked 1 on awhile unmoved, then suddenly ex- t claimed: W Whoi here's two on unneow I" I The gbost turned quickly, and, surely I enough, there was a strange black figure , creeping towards him from the path he had 1 come by. The white ghost was frightened, i and, without more ado, took to hisheels, pur- I sued by the black ghost, whilst the old man, s seemingly in an eestacy of delight, clapped his hands, sreaming:' i"B!eck tin ketch whoite an I Black 'an' ketch whoite an l" . .. The white ?host ran more quickly.' The black ghost followed' at his heels, rapidly gaining on him. The old man held his ? aching sides and' kicked up his thin legs in I the air. The race became faster and more I forions, till the white ghost at.length fell 1 down in a fit, and it was some length of z time before be-recovered from the shock. The black ghost was, of course, another of the alehouse frequenters; whose object was i to scare the first starer:., This playing at ghosts had often enongh c an ngly ending, and one.I remember hear- I ing many times related was s ugly as any. r An old woman died, and her niece (and 1 beiress) sat up with the corpse. the night r succeeding the morning on which the death took place, watching; anotheryocng woman, i a cousin keeping her company. SThey ywere persons in a somewhat hnmble sphere of life, and were comfortably clad in coarse materials;.the conusin's gown, in par ticular, being made of very strong staff. They sat at a table before the fire, at some' distance from the four-post, closely curtained bed, on which thebody lay ; the cousin with her back to the bed, the niece facing her. On the table was some needlework, with which, in a fitful fashion, they from time to time occupied themselves; but their minds were far away, for they had begun to tell ghost stories in low, whispering tones. The fire burnt low, and the ashes faintly tingled as they fell. A cinder came sputter ing out, and lay cosfin-shaped at their feet. Without the night winmd wailed plaintirely among the leafless trees. There was a wind ion-sheet in the candle. It was the niece's turn, and she was telling her tale. It was of some one left alone in an empty house, listening to a strange creep sound upon the stairs. The sound drew nearer and nearer nntil they reached the door, and then the handle slowly The niece's voice ceased sunddenly. Her eyes were distended. A deadly pallor sprad overher face. With a sudden jerk, tremb ling violently, she gained her teet, backed towards the door, turned, opened it, and fled like lightning down the stairs, and out into the snow. But all this without uttering a word. In stinctively the cousin felt what mast te hap pening. She, too, had heard a sound that had at firt arrested the attention of the niece-the faint rustling of the bed- cartains a faint creaking sound in the bed. With a side glance she too saw what the other had seen--a ng, liv?id,jlehlurr lrnd s~aing forth . he, too, sprang to her feet and rushed forward. But something had clutced the skirt ofherfrack. Wont freuzied eforts she strove to free her self,-in vain. In her struggles she over turned the table and extinguished the light. In the darkness, with a piercing shriek, she fell, then all was silent. Meanwhile her sweetheart and a mate of his were cracking their sides outside the house at the good joke they were playing. One had tied a strong cord to te wrist of the corpse for the purpose of scaring the When the silence had lasted long enough, they went round to the door.- By the aide of itthe niece lay in a swoon. . , It was one of the astrong, heavy iron dogs atihe side of the fire-plane that had canght the cousin's tough gown, 'and held her tight. IThe shock had -been too much for her though; She was dead., These two stories are trie enough. Facing Student Opinion at Oxford There is an interesting story connected With toe friendship of Evrangelist Moody and SJ. E. K Stmdd, well known in Australia as 1 a memoer of- the Hoi. Iro .Bligh's team.of ericketers. Mr.. Studd-was a student, it Ojford when tli6 eraigelist began revival meetings at the univera?sy. The young man had been converted earlier in Moody's Lin: don meetings at the same time with .his faiher,' an -old East India.merchant and S;sportsman, after which the elder felt called upon to dispose of a large stable of r-iii horses. As willberemembered,theevangel ist's reception in the old college town was f not cordial. The followers of the English Church openly declared their opposition so Ssuch methods on the part of a:dissenter. Moodty aid' priached three nightis amid thbe plainest signs of derisidi. sometimes being unable to hear his own voice from theEshotsa n and howls. -The' fourth night, the managers of the meetings received information Snat 1 prep aionswere blne imideo iottena gg the. preacher. -It was decided that to meet this feeling some one of the astudents who was. in sympathy with the work, and one Swho would command the respect of the audience, must accompany Mr. Moody to the i platform. Yonng Studd was selected, and, arrayed in regulation cap and gown, he walked' up beside 'Moody asid aced the thcusands who.had gathered for the inn. Not a sign of attackwas made, and the services went undisturbed after that rime. ':IteZH yIaShat young man i rerydear tomee,"?id Moofy, relatmg the incident this summer it Nortdfield. American eollegians~ ho have a goood idea of what nerre it requires to iace Sstudent opinion will respect young Studdas a enmseo oharacter. - .: 