How a 'Man Who lind Cheated Him €amo Back After Dentil to Apologize. , t Uiu'ontown,- Pa., News. ???'? ;; .' '?''?I- never' go much' origliost stories;' bogan Contractor Van Dyke at tlio rClintdn-:- House tho other ovoniug. The old gentleman had been listening witlvnioro or lcssattentibnto a series of fables being td,ld;by tho guests of the hotel, ?' ' '??'.?. ^iv'.-V.^---:; ? 'Well, I don't know,'- tho, oldicon tractor replied. ' My experience in' that direction has been somewhat lemnrknblc;. I dotft sup pose you will believe me, bnt the Btory I will toll you is true. I can produce a living wit ness to it, and I will at any timo make affi davit to its accuracy. Two years ngo 1 wns building n pioce of railroad down in tho east ern part of this State; Among tho people who furnished. me ties was. nn old trader in whom I had little or no confidence, As the bills for the ties came in I paid them promptly and took receipts from every mnn. I know to tho tio the number used. After my contract was completed tho oldtrador sued mo for the price of fifty ties. The enso wns tried, nnd I was compelled to pay the money; -The old man had sworn to his bill, nnd little or no defenco conld be made. When, I paid the money I warned tho old fel low. I told him lib had perjured. himself. 1 predicted -for him an unhappy ending. Abont six months ago I was awakened at one o'clock in the morning by this samo old trader. It was dark in my room. Just as plainly as I can see yon 'now he was there in life. He wakened mo by calling my namo. My partner was in bed in the same room just a few feet from me. I called him and told him of the visitor's presence. .He said he could not see him and laughed at 'me. Ho toid mo I was dreaming, and suggested that I go to sleep Whilo we were talking the old trader called mo by name. He said be bad been mistaken about the ties, and offered to return me the money. The vision then vanished. My partner talked with me of tbo matter before wo wont to sleep again. Tho next morning he told the story on mo as a joke, but whilo we were at breakfast tho news reached us of the old trader's death. Ho bad died within ten . minutes of the time of his visit to me. I havo no idea how many more calls of the same character he had to make, but I am satisfied his visit to mo was tho lnstono. That story is trno ns holy writ, the old man concluded. A distressing silence followed its telling and the party broke up before all recovered., ... \Father(irascibiy)---' Who's got my boot jack ?',r Cora (smiling archly—' Tho cat.' —Puclt,. .';??;.' :..,;\\-.'-'i -;'!r ;-.'V;\\-'/:\' ,; ' 