Some Beautiful Irish Legends. Bt Justin Huntlky McCarthy. \T I’ To my mind there are no more fus'd naming legends in any literature that I know of-- and 1 have studied the literature of many c.mm'ries— than the legends which deal with Finn, the son of Coul, and the Feni, bis companions. The Feni, as I have written elsewhere, mo strange and shadowy figures, Ossianic ghosts, moving in dusky vales, or along hillsides clothed with echoing woods, and seamed with f he manv coloured tides of roaring streams. They stride by the angry sea, where the screaming sea-bird wings his flight towards the dark-rolling heavens, where the awful faces of other times look out from the clouds, and the dread deifies keep their cloudy halls, and the might;, lires burn. Theirs is a land of mists and mine, through which the figures of the heroes loom gigantic. They are the kings of shaggy boars—the dwellers on battle’s wing. They i"V in the chase with their grey, rough-eared dogs about them. They rush against each other in war, like the murmur of many waters, clashing tlnur iron shields, and shouting their surly songs ; they remember the deeds of the days of old, and death wanders, like a shadow, over their fiery souls, and rejoices at the frequent victims. When a hero falls, his soul goes forth >o his fatheis in their stormy isle, where they hunt the hoars of mist along the skirts of winds. Women, white-bosomed and beautiful, move like, the music of song through the antique halls, loving and beloved by heroes and kings of heroes. The Feni stand in the same relation to Finn, the son of Coal, that the twelve peers do to Cha ■•lemngne, or the Knights of the llonncl Table in Art hur. Oisin, the sweet singer ; Oscar, his glorious sou, the Roland of the Feni , Dennat, nl' whom it might be said, as of Malory’s Lnuncolot, that he was ‘ the truest lover of a sinful man t hat ever loved woman’; Dering, the beloved of hinn, and Kylta, the leader of the Clan Romm ; Conan, the comic glutton, of craven spirit and bitter tongue, a more grotesque Thersitrs ; Fergus Finnvel, the warrior poet, remindin'.1- one of the Fiddler Knight, in the ibchmtjntlird ; Cigna, the swift-footed ; Gaul, the leader of the Clan Morna, whose enmity to the Clan 1 .askin made the battle of Gawia the Ronoesvu.llcs of the Feni. Those are all heroes, going through all dangers, ever ready to do and to sutler bravely, battling with all t he powers of da i kness. loyal to each other, tender and courteous with women, gallant and goodly men, models of e.n early chivalry. Students of mythic hi.smrv rejoice in | the Nihe.1 untjvnlU-d and its Nome original, which tells of the Niblungs and tlie Volsungs ; tint, there is nothing in all Scandinu'Mon history which is liner, more heroic, or more i regie than the tale of t he beautiful Demire and < 'onor Mac JNessa, .King oi Ulster. That last Kittle, which takes place outside the palace of h'ladiy, while the pale, beautiful Deirdre is playing at- chess with her lover, and I lie other brut hors of the house of Usna are watching the game, deserves at least as fatuous a place in story as the fierce fight in the halls of Artila. winch accompli.urns | the revenging of Siegfried. Tin- defence of (he Shannon ford by Dermal and hatha against the monarch of Greece and the three kings of the Torrent is as gallant and majestic as anylhittg in the story of 11 oral ins (lodes and his com panions. over which the hearts of schoolboys— and many that are not school bo»s - -n.l ways beat the quicker. Is there any thing in literature, whether it la: tile Greek tales of Laodamia or ot Hero, or the Oriental stories of Taila, and Majnunt, or Halamau and Absal, m Yusuf or Zuleiklia, which can he said, even by fhe most enthusiastic admirer, to surpass in neauty I hit exquisite love story of Deruiat arid Granin, a story which is in itself one of the fairest, as it is the saddest, of the old Irish legends ? Cucul lain is as fine a hero as 'Theseus ; ((>ncen Maev is no less marvellous than Helen; the fate of the children of Tureen is as grim as the fortunes of the Jleraelidan Nor must I forget that wonderful story of the adventures of Oisiri in the Land of Youth, a legend which for phan tasy, for the magic of poetic imagination, and for sweet sadness, has not, to my mind, its superior among all legends of the earth—all that I, at least, am acquainted with. What I should like to see come to pass, and what I hope will yet come to pass, is that every Irishman should be as familiar with these varied legends, which are his own magnificent heritage, as with the stories which were told by Athenian fathers to their children, and which lingered so long in the hollows of the Etruscan Mountains ; or with the tales which were told to soothe the solitary leisure of some Odental prince, by some Persian successor of Shahrazad. 