MESSRS. C. MANN, STUART CUMBER- LAND, AND SEBASTIAN GEORGE. TO THE EDITOR. Sir—My attention has been called to a letter headed "Messrs. C. Mann, Stuart Cumberland, and Sebastian George," and signed by the latter gentleman. I protest against the liberty you have taken with my name in coupling it with those of the other two without my knowledge or consent. I seldom trouble the Press with any communication, no matter how absurd may be the statements which may be made with respect to myself, but I feel that in this instance I should be wrong were I to allow this letter to pass unnoticed. The whole of Mr. George's statements as regards his alleged transactions with me are absolutely untrue. I never met the gentleman at Government House, and never either there or elsewhere saw him attempt any exhibition of his alleged powers. The only time I ever saw Mr. George was one afternoon in the Smoking-room of the House of Assembly, when the present Minister of Education (Hon. Dr. Cockburn) introduced him to me, and after some conversation as to his power of thought- reading I expressed my absolute disbelief in his power of reading the thoughts of myself or any one else, and offered to give £100 to the Adelaide Hospital if he could tell me the number of a banknote I would place in my pocket, and the numbers of which I would undertake to think of consecutively one by on3. He admitted that at that period of his development he could not do so, but a/erred that he thought he might with further practice and study be able do so in twelve months. I thereupon left the matter open for twelve months. I can only say that from that day to this, no w nearly two years ago, I have heard nothing more from Mr. George, and he has never even attempted to accomplish the test I suggested. As I have before said, the whole of the long account of what occurred at Government House is absolutely untrue, and I ssk the Hon, Minister oi Education (Dr. Cockbui-n) to bear me out as to what really occurred on the only occasion on which I ever met Mr. George. I had previously been tempted to write to the papers by seeing statement that at a meeting (I believe at Norwood) Mr. George had succeeded in complying with the conditions of the test on the performance of which I had agreed to contribute £100 to the Hospital, but knowing that he had not even attempted it, and being averse to rushing into print, I let the matter pass, although I complained to Dr. Cockburn at the time of the barefaced mendacity of his prot^gcS. Now, however, when Mr. George has the unparalleled audacity to write you a letter of three- fourths of a column of absolute untruths I feel bound to give his statements an unqualified denial. With regard to Mr. Cumberland I only wish to say that he admitted to me that it was impossible to read the thoughts of any one, and that all he relied upon in his very clever performances was his undoubtedly marvellous appreciation of the muscular sensibility of the persons with whom he was brought into contact. He did not (at any rate to me privately) pretend for a moment that he could read the thoughts of those with whom he was brought into contact. This impostor, Sebastian George, pretends that he can, and I am still willing to contribute any reasonable sum (to say the Children's Hospital) if he or any one else can accomplish what I suggested not only to him bat to Mr. Cumberland, viz. , tell me the number of a banknote which I will have in my pocket, but which shall be known to nobody but myself. I may add that I have not the least objection to any amount of contact which may be desired, and I have no objection to any one else being selected for the purposes of the experiment. I am, Sir, &c.;, C. MANN. East-terrace, July 2. CHRISTIAN CONVENTION.—On Thursday o this week an all-day convention of persons of all religious denominations is to oe held in the Y.M.C.A. Rooms for the purpose of discussing certain important matters, "about which it is desirable that a higher tone of public opinion should prevail. It is hoped that the discussions may be of a character sufficiently practical to admit of recommendations upon some of the subjects being agreed upon and generally circulated." The subjects proposed for discussion, and the names of the gentlemen who have been asked to introduce them, are as follows:—1. The Moral Influence of the Present Insolvency Laws—Rev. F. T. Whitington, LL.B.; invited speakers, Meesrs. C. Lyons, J. J. Stuckcy, M.A., and T. W. Fleming. 2. How Practically to Express Social Disapproval of Moral Delinquents—Rev. Canon Green; invited speakers. Rev. S. Mead, M. A., LL.B., Rev. C. Manthorpe, Mr. C. H. Goode, and Rev. F. W. Cox. 3. Gambling and its Dangers—Rev. W. Roby Fletcher, M.A.; invited speakers, Rev. R. M. Hunter, Rev. Archdeacon Marryat, M.A., and Mr. F. Chappie, B.A., B.Sc. 4. How to Promote Greater Simplicity in Living—Bight Rev. Bishop Kennion ; invited speakers, Hon. A. Campbell, M.L.C., Rev. C. Lane (President of Wesleyan Conference), Rev. T. Piper, and Mr. W. Diment. 5. Religion in the Home- Rev. Albert Stubbs: invited speakers, Rev. S. Hebditch, Hon. P. Santo, Rev. O. Lake (President of the Bible Christian Conference), Rev. J. G. Wright, and Rev. E. Rorke, B.A. The Right Rev. Bishop Kennion will preside, and the proceedings will be open to the public. THE ENGLISH SECRET SERVICE FUND.— Our London correspondent writes on May 28 :—" A few nights a^o the House of Commons had a debate on the Secret Service Fund such as has not previously taken place for many years past. At one period this fund was made a continual object of attack on the part of advanced Liberals, who believed that the money voted by the Parliament was used in the interest of despotism abroad and of reactionary government at home. The attack on the vote, which has just been made, was organized by a combined phalanx of Unionists, Liberals, and Conservatives, who persuaded themselves that the Government might be tempted to employ a portion of the fnnd for electioneering purposes. When Edmund Burke induced Parliament to pass an Act authorizing a permanent charge of £10,000 a year to be made on the Consolidated Fund for secret service purposes he accomplished a great act of economical reform, for previously millions of the public money had been spent without the production of a single voucher or the rendering of any accovut to Parliament. In course of time the House was asked to vote an additional £5,000 a year to be distributed among the heads of the great departments of State as secret service money. What then becomes of the £10,000 a year which is drawn from the Consolidated Fond ? All that the public know about it is that it is handed over in quai terly payments to the Parliamentary or Patronage Secretary of the Treasury, and that even his colleague, the Financial Secretary, has rot the ghost of an idea how the money is spent. The secrets of this mysterious expenditure are chiefly locked in the breasts of the Prime Minister, the Home Secretary, and the Chief Secretary for Ireland, as well as of the Parliamentary Secretary for the Treasury, but these high officials may be trusted to exercise perfect reticence. Mr. Rylands. in moving the omission of the vote of £5,000, which is the only one that appears on the Civil Service Estimates, suggested that the necessary vouchers should be submitted to the Controller and Auditor-General. This is a reasonable suggestion, and Sir W. Harcourt made no answer to it when he said that when he was Home Secretary he should have objected to be under the control of a subordinate official, for the man who controls expenditure is the man who decides to what purposes it shall be applied—not the Auditor, who merely certifies that certain vouchers are correct. There is really nothing to prevent the Government of the day from spending every sixpence of the secret service money in political corruption, or in what would be equally reprehensible, i.e., in defraying the election expenses of their supporters. Sir Michael Hicks-Beach does not deny that in times past this has been done; indeed, he speaks of it as " an ancient custom," while Sir Henry James significantly pointed out that if the amounts which the Government receive every vear from the Consolidated Fund were spent on elections it would be sufficient to defray the cost of twenty contests. Now that a general •lection is impending both Sir M. Hicks- Beach and Sir Henry James were anxious to exact from the Government a pledge which none of their predecessors have ever given or have ever been asked to give. Mr. Gladstone promised that he wonld consider whether he could institute some reform in the direction ot an audit, and there the matter must rest for the present. He indulged in an interesting official reminiscence of forty years ago. He told the House that when he was Secretary for the Colonies he applied his share of the secret {service^ money to purchasing annuities for royalists who had sustained losses in our wars with America. JV FLORHJNE 1 FOE THE TEETH AND IJREATH —A few drops of the liquid " Floriline - sprinkled on a wet tooth- brush prodnce a pleasant lather, which thoroughly cleanses the teeth from all parasites or impurities, hardens the gums, prevents tartar, stops decay, Rives to the teeth a peculiar pearly-whiteness, and a delightful fragrance to the breath. It removes all unpleasant odour arising from decayed teeth or obacco smoke. "The Fragrant ElorUme," being composed ia part of Honey and sweet Herbs, is delicious to the taste, and the greatest toilet discovery of the age. Price 2s. 6d., of all Chemists and Perfumers. Wholesale depot removed to 88 Faningdon-road, London. itod 