A. SEttlKKABIiE STOKY AX APPAKITI05. gjlanf pedpTti— a Tery gntt -iifiuiber, in SMOt — oo more beiieve in Tvgipadtsaaz 1b&n; tbe man inbe moon. And wo ' are not at «Umie that we don't scree wilii thezn. At Aheaine timBheMIowioK nn psrition is encfa 'A marvellons nod peculiar one, that ire cannot do better 1iiao receiTe it j wifcb tbe attoitioait'deBerPes v 44 Young Mr. Sligh, a lad of brigbt parte Land, of no common attain tneots, became on & pariMYDj idqerH, n)ftwphaty. - Hufdends, obafiirio the change, witbont , being ahle to discover the cuiae, .Attrihated i hifl b&havioar; to -laziness, an avasion to L school, or to some otber motive .vhidi tiiey | anapected'he was ashamed to avow. Be was, i RUWCTSI) illW lllrTF'l -Iff P lUWtm IHB tJtUPUU , ral wi ffliw fxnjn .tiutfc in a field tbzongh -wbieb be j pemfd fmm nchofll"— ie to eay, to. and from Lannoestoa Onwrnner School, of -which Mr. Rnridle was bead- master — 44 be was ismubl? net : by the apparition of a -woman whom he pemonally iaew while living, and who . had been dead about eight years.1' Yonsg Bligh is said to have been at "this time -abont sixteen. 44 fiidicnte, threats, and peraatsoss peed fu TOin by tfse 'tsmsly .to ladnce to . these .absoxd ideaw Mr. Knddle, was, however, emit for, to whom the lad ingenuously commnxiicated the "time, manner, and frequency of thiB 'appearance. It was in a. Higher -Sroomfield. | Xheqspnihaijtesud, appeared dressed in fATTmlft attire, met him two or three times while he passed through the "field, glided iiastfly by iilm, but never spoke. ' He had heeu thus ocsa&uui;&Uy; metabout two months before he took :a&y; ..particn arnotice of it at length the appeaonise became more fre quent, him both morning and even ing, but always in the same held, yet iHVSONMy AOOVJOg UIU UL UW y>M! milBU ai i jpflp to him . He -often spoke but could never get any reply." To avoid this unwelcome visitor, he forsook the held, aud went to school and vetnrned from it through a iane, in which place, between the quarry pack and nnrsery, it idways met him. Un- i able to disbelieve the evidence ct his own i senses, or to obtain credit with any of Jiis : family, he prevailed upon Mr, Buddie toac- : company him tot he place. I %t 4 1 arose/ says the clergyman, the next | morning, and went with. him. The field to. I which heied me I guessed to be abotrt twenty i acres, in am. open cormtry, and about three | fnriongs fmm any faonse. We went -into tbe i and hBd not gone a third port before | the spectre, in .the shape of a - woman, with all the carcomstances he had described the | day before, so far as the suddenness of its 1 appearance aod transition wonld permit me | to discover, passed by. I was a little ear- | I prised at it, and though I had taken npa < I firm resolution to speak to it, I bad not the J power, nor durst I look -hack; yet I took I care not to show any fear to my pupil and j guide, and therefore, telling him that I | was sitisfiedwith theirath of his statement, 1 we walked to the end of the field and j returned ; nor did the ghost meet us that I tame bnt once. On Jnly 27, 1865, 1 want to the haunted field by myself, and. walked the breadth of -it without any encounter. 1 then returned and took the -other walk, and then the spectre appeared to me, -mack about tbe same place in which 1 saw it when the young gentleman was -with me. It -appeared to move swifter than before, and seemed to be about ten feet from me on iny right hand, insomuch that I had not time to Bpeak to it. as I had -determinsd with, myself beforehand. The evening of. this day, the -parents, the son, and myself being in the chamber, where I lay, I proposed to them onr going all to gether to the place next morning. We ac- cordindv met at the stile we had vonointed: thence we all -four walked into the field together. We had not gone .mora than, half the field before the ghost made its appear ance. It then came over the stfle jost before I ns and moved with such rapidity thai; by the ! ! time we bad gone six or seven steps it passed j by ; I immediately turned my head and nut | atter it, with, the young man by my side. | "We saw it pass over the stile at which we, « entered, and no farther. X stepped upon tbe i hedge at one fis young man at i another, but we could discern nothing ; whereas I do aver that the swiftest horse in | .England could not have conveyed himself ; out of sight in that short spsce of time. Two 1 1 things I observed. in this day's appearance : first, a spaniel dog, which niul followed the | company unregarded, barked and ran away ! .as tee spectre passed by ; whence.it is easy to-comdude teat it was not mzr tear or fancy i I which made the apparition. .Secondly, the ; morion of. the spectre was not gradation, or .! by step., or moving of the feet, bnt by a kind of gliding, as children upon ice. or as a boat do era a river, white punctually answers tee description tbe.aneients give of-the motion of teesespectees. Tins oc5ar evidenceldearly convinced, bat withal stxangely affrighted, . the old gentleman and hia wife. - They well knew this woman. Dorothy Dnrant, in her life-rime; were. at her hnrial ; and now plainly .saw her frslaires Jn this apparition. The next morning, being Thursday, X went vary early by myself, and walked for about next adjoining. Soon after live X stepped overihe stile into the haunted ⅆ,vand had mot gon&.above thirty or forty . paces ..before the ghost appeared at tee further stile. I spoke to it in wome short weatemss with a lend voioe, whereupon zt«pproacimd ma,- bnt «dowiytand steen I. came near, it moved not. I spoke again, And it answered in .a voice toftitJiftfMiidihlawnrwwy Iw8tL0t in the least tenified, and tberefore persisted until it spoke again, andgaveuneaatetectifm; buttee WBtk oenldnot be -finished -at this time, -Whereupon, .the an .evening, an hoar after sunset, it met me again near the same place, and -after a tew words on each side, Jt quiet lyvaniahed ; nnd meifeher- doth appear now, -nor hathpeared mnce, nor ever will. more.. to sy Whft 4ti rim 'mftininjlfffait kboQt a- qzooter of an hour. temge-atetme,' mnriMaAt i tw>. $tev.- sfohn '-Cuddle, 4 and X -knovthsn tobe no, withwamncirceEtainty ias eye&jand; ears .can. give me ; and .until X, csnbe.peiBnaded.that my senses all deceive me -about their proper objects, and bythat pprmmafm. deprive me riteetemmtin-- dncemeit to belBvefheSiristisn Teuton, I nnnh Tfil i IBBfTti iJiiwunfffnta'iTiril . in this paper are trne.' " — Gasse&'s Saturday Journal. 