PETTY POISONING. ADULTERATION OF FOOD AND DRINK. Bv A Victim. The question of the adulteration of one's food and drink is not a savory subject. A man, as a rule, luites to lie too inquisitive ns to whether lie is aetuallv eating nnd drinking what lie believes himself to lie. )lo administers certain tilings in good faith to ills stomach, hilt dous not think it wise or safe to ascertain what their com ponent parts aro. zVt tlie same time he has a pretty good idea that he is being fooled, and is practising a littlo innocent deceit upon his stomach. He argues that, as his pocket has borne its share of the burden, his stomach must lie content to do the sauic. Occasionally that much- abused organ rebels, lint to little purpose. " A peck of dirt " lias been assigned by- tradition as an ordinary mortal's portion during his lifetime. But, when this "peek" comes to he indefinitely increased aud tlie consumption may he calcu lated in bushels, the thinking citizen cries a halt. He fools that he must draw tlie line some where, if only as a matter of principle. He does not olijeet to doing iiis "whack " — if so ordained by nature— in tlio matter of eating his share of dirt any more thau in paying his quota towards tho revenue of the country. In hotli cases ho is doubtiess prompted by the same patriotic motive. But, as discovery after discovery- only brings out the each more horrible revela tions, he considers that it is perhaps time to sink the question of his duty as a good citlzou and seriously pontlijr whether or no ho does not 0 wo. a greater debt to' liis constitution. Thenceforth he probably comes to tho conclusion that lie has no right to be made a general dusthole. .Scum, sweepings, re fuse,' filth of nil kiuds, lie is alfle to-p.nrclmse in tlio proper quarter, should the cravings of a. morbid appetite suddenly lie in tlio direction of such diet. But, as au honest householder, pay ing good honest coin of tlie realm for what lie buys, he decides that henceforth lie will, if pos sible, get only an honest article. But lie finds It an infinitely harder job than he bargained for. Some houses there are — unfortunately, how ever, hut very- few— whose pride it is lo sell'only the genuine thing. Anything that, for one moment coitld ho suspected of being adulte rated tliey will have nothing to do with. But, sad to tell, these are in a woeful minority-. It may hu broadly assorted Lliat Iff) out of every 100 consumers are supplied with household necessaries in tlie shape of food and drink that aro adulterated beyond what ought for ono moment 10 hu tolerated. 'The excuse advanced by the dealers in these goods is that, iu tho first place, most of tho ingre dients used in food adulteration are harmless, or at least comparatively so ; and, in the next place, that, all through .Sydney especially, the cry is so essentially ono for cheap goods that it is impossible to supply the real thing for the prices that tlie public are willing to pay. As to the first excuse, it is neither here nor there. Whother tlie adulterants used are harmless or not is in ono respect of little moment. True, it affords a certain amount of grim satisfaction to be assured that, ut least, ono is not being poisoned outright. But that is not tlio real issuu. The question is whuthor, if a person aBks and pays for a certain genuine article, he has not a perfect legal right to got it. Undoubtedly he has ; and if there is amongst eertaiu classes a demand for thu ndullerated article ut a certain price the remaining portion of tlie consuming public are not called upon to suffer either in pocket or stomach. No doubt there is a show 01 reason in tiie other excuse, tlml the cry for cheapness prohibits the sale of thu genuine article at tiie price proffered. But iu that case it should be clearly understood on all sides that what is being bought is not what it is represented to be, but a mixture con taining ouly u certain proportion. In some few of theurtieles which a little further on I pro pose to analyse in this.c-oiinectionasbcingsome of the most glaring instances of wholesale adul teration, it is open to question, if they were labelled and offered for sale as adulterated goods, whother the public would be as eager to purchase them. In most instances, the unsophisticated con sumer trusts to tho tender mercies 01" the dealer and really imagines he is purchasing what lie asks for. A common rejoinder by wrong doers in this miitterds that every trade ia tarred with the same brush. The retailer of so-called coffee, or ton, or brandy laments that it is his only chance to get even with those people who iu their turn have victimised him. He says if he wants a coat it takes liiin all his time to prevent himself being taken witli a shoddy substitute. It does not matter what it is, lie nrguus, that he is called on to buy, hat he finds the same custom prevailing everywhere. It is, iu fact, au age of universal deception. While admitting that there is a grain of truth in tlie statement, tlie eases, meantime, are not parallel. In almost every civilised country undar tlie sun a paternal Government looks out that its valu able citizens shall not he indiscriuiiuutcly poisoued. A man may purchase 100 shoddy coats, hut outside of bts temper his pocket is tlio only loser. In tho case of adulterated food and drink, the stoinaeli suffers as well. Diseases are engendered and fostered, und a widespread danger threatens tlie State. Sani tary laws come to tho rescue, and enact that such things shall not he. It is a matter df grave importance — far beyond what people are apt to think — that tho present or some health bill should be passed and lie rigidly enforced. A merchant's scales are subjected to periodical inspection ; but as to what is sold iu those scales the Govornaieat, hero at least, have thus far been indifferent to. A stranger is unable to procure a bottle of poison without medical or. other certificate from a chemist ; hut tho law quietly winks at tlio mixing and vending of the vilest, deadliest componnds, known to the uninitiated as "intoxicating spirits," which contains infinitely more noisome poisons than those forbidden to bo dispensed by law. Tlie startling disclosures which, from time to time, a burst of well-directed zeal on tlie part of tlie civic authorities unearths for the delectation of tlio milk- consuming public have lieeu suffici ently enlarged on without needing further com ment. Suffice it to say that here again tlio apathy of those most concerned is appnling. That tiie pmnp has always been a valuable ally of Hie city milkman is known to everyone. At the same time, it tins always been supposed that at least the added water is moderately pure. But when the fact is elicited that the so-calied water is nothiug but graveyard draimugs and essence of cCBspit combined, and that these revolting discoveries are not made in isolated cases hut aro popularly believed to be tho normal condition of tho larger proportion of Sydney and suburban dairies, tlio interests of tlio people clamor for something moro vigorous than a spusmotic and partial investi gation. When typhoid fever and other pesti lences liavo had fuller swing than at present, in all probability something more drastic may be looked for. Regarding the adulteration of one's daily food and drink, tlie ease has only been viewed from a consumer's point. But it should be borne in mind that tlie extent to which the custom of adulteration now prevails ia also materially handicapping tlio honest trader. So that while the unsuspecting citizen is intro ducing into his system all sorts of -noxious matter, his chance of helping himself to a remedy grows beautifully less- for known houses of established repute admit candidly that as tilings are at pre sent tliey have not the ghost of a chance in the race for business unless they, too, conform to tho habits of tho majority. Where, con sequently, before -adulteration was as universal as it is at present, they had no dealings in adulterated goods, to siivo themselves they, too, are now torccd to follow iu the wake of their neighbors. As an honest citizen, this state of tilings has induced mo to go on n voyage of discovery. Diogenes-like, I armed myself with my trusty lantern and sallied forth to find, if possible, nn honest dealer ! And, truth to tell, I succeeded. But it must he owned that on this question of adulteration they coiild ho counted only too easily. Ever and anon, generally ut the commencement of the 1 hew tea season, a cry goes up about the adulteration of tea. An importer, probably possessed of . some better grades which at it necessarily higher price fail to " go off " as rapidly as lie wishes, forthwith announces that one half tlie stuff consumed is rank rubbish, totally unfit for huutau fool. The rule of other colonies is instanced, where tlio Collector 01 Customs, acting under tin advice of an ex pert, is cjnpcwercd to seize and condemn what- ever lie considers adulterated ten. But why thin power should bo vested in the Customs, und confined to ten, it is hard to see. Why all other articles of daily consumption that are known to bo equally and general lj- much more adulterated should he allowed to go scot free, anil only notice of taken of lea, is beyond nn ordinary ' mortal's ken. Men who have spent long yairs in China, who are familiar with, every trick that Joint Chinaman iu the depths of his wily soul is believed capable of in tlie handling of ten, assert Hint adulteration in common teas is practically unknown. Tho chief items of tlie cost of tea in China are tlie picking, firing, packing, freigiit, Ac., which ill the matter of willow leaves and other abomina tions would come to as much money as tlie genuine article. May lie so. At Hie sametime, there Is not wanting conclusive evidence Hint liny quantity of cheap, ndiilloratod tea is yearly put 011 this market. Samples have iicen condemned again ivnd again by tlie insueetor in Melbourne, and as soon as condemned sent on here and sold. Statistics were recently pub lished in Brisbaaio showing tlio quantities of tea condemned there lately, aud tlie amount' was nncomforiulJIy suggestive. On tlie other hand, tlicso samiits who deny in tlio face of all this that it pays to adulterate common teas, admit that such a custom \- is certainly praetisljd witli tlie better class, notably witli scentbd teas. This is a de cidedly refreshing piiKC of information. People who like a good tiring, and are willing and able to pay for it, have always beeu under tlie im pression that the -question of thu adulteration of food did not in tlienhstraet concern them at all- Such tilings, they thought, belonged -exclusively to the poorer ' classes," aud while they pitied, at tlie same time considered it hut a natural conse quence of buyizig "djttxip." "Cheap" and "nusly " are generally accepted as synonymous terms, but not with invariable consistency. The scented nnd higher, grade teas for which con- noissenrs pay tlieii-'Jancy prices are known to he charged with steel tilings, soil and a host of other impurities. A-soi/uro made in Mi-Ibou: no the other day of tlzis class of l.eas revealed tlie presence of cedar and cane shavings and oilier things, with but a vitry small sprinkling of the scented flower. The1 Tea Guild iu China them selves, in sending -wanting throughout tiie country as to the fatting off in their tea trade, gravely suggest the discontinuance of thu use of wilioiv leaves i Coffee is, perhaps., ns widely adulterated hero as anything that comes into daily requisition- A slight mixture of! chicory is in these days hardly viewed as 111 adulteration, a largo number preferrin; just a slight presence of it. But even then all ground coffee should, ii mixed with clAeory, lie distinctly labelled as such. As it is« you may liny tin after tin of what is called pure coffee and sold as such ; you may even an'c for it fresh from the grocer's mill without the- suspicious adjunct of a tin at all, and yet find'. it mighty difficult to escape from a large peiiceutagc of adulteration. The remedy of eoume lies iu buying tlie roasted beau and having- it ground at home. But that can never j u:|.il'y selling coffee as pure when specially asked aud paid fur, when after all it luitis out to hu nothing hut a mixture. Again, if chicory is in some re spects a more pardonable adulteration, what can he Butd of others which, it stands to reason, must be added solely to increase weight; iu a word, to cheat tlio purchaser ? Horse beans may he excellent food in their way. No doubt tlioy aro — for cattle possibly. But it does not follow that ovory consumer has yet acquired tlie taste of preferring beaus tocoffee- lterry. Bakers, it is well known, lind a ready market for tlie "raspings" off their burnt loaves to those dealers who make a specialty of prepared " coffee." They are ground up with the bean and assimilate pretty well in color, the consequence being that a cup of cof fee prepared from tluse mixtures is innocent of the first approach to -the real thing. Tlie new added duty on chicory will go a long way to wards levying a coutriinttiou on such and other outside iiduUerants. Willi a double price, the " manufacturers " will be driven to other ex pedients, and, though ctiicory is, in nil con science, had enough if one wants pure coffee, yet tlio devil yo.u do know is better than the dcvillU-.it you don't know. .Some labels, it is true, set forth tlie fact taut tlie mixture docs contain chicory ; hut, though analysis lias re vealed tlie beans, loaf-scra;.1iugs aud other ingredients, curiously enough I never in my researches came across a label announcing tlie fact. The price at which it is possible to buy so-called coffee should surely convince the most sceptical of coffec-drinkers. Say a wholesale parcel of five to 10 tons of green hcrrv costs 7 )d. in bond, add lid. ns uct cost of duty, allow 2jd. for loss in weigiit in roasting and grinding, give Id. as cost of roasting and grinding, aud the cost of pure ground coffee is brought up to Is. i jd. to is. 2d. per pound in wholesale quantities not cusii. A ml yet there aro specimens iu any quantity offering at I0d- per pound, with the additional increased cost of tins and labels, nnd a discount of 2.) per ceut. allowed to cash purchasers ! Pepper, again, suffers worse than coffee. People who arc in the habit Of' looking on the pepper- castor 011 their dinncr-talilc may not he aware of the tons and tons at a time bought by such people us the meat companies, butchers, saucc- makuis, Ac., aud he inclined totliink that a little pepper goes such a long way that after all the matter is not worth tnlking about. But to those who uso it iu the heavy quautities described it is no small matter. Here, again, the cost is the strongest proof of the adultera tion. Tlie fair average cost of whole black pepper, again dealing with tlie wholesale lines, is lt)J. per lb. ; add Id. for-cost of grinding, loss of weight, A-c., and yet it is hawked about all over the city at lid., and lias been actually offered at 5il. per lb., while an up-country store keeper is responsible for the statement that it has been offered to hint at 4£d. How much pepper can this mixture contain ' . The prin ciple adulterant sold is rice, but when this enu- tiot he procured sufficiently- cheap sweepings of a ricc-sliip's hold, with all tlie added flavor of bilge water, arc all ground up together, a few chilics and cayenne put in for flavoring, aud, Presto 1 the public has a pepper Unit is warranted to defy competition. In this climate 011c of tlie chief uses of pepper is to aid digestion. Cold raw rico hardly answers this purpose, ami even if it did it affords no justifi cation. When the genuine pepper was cheaper, this evil was comparatively unknown, but the increased value has led up to this adulteration, aud a deluded public is satisfied so long as it. pays 110 more than tlio old price of, let us say- lid., without inquiring tlie percentage of pepper present in tho mixture. Salad oil is another fruitful source of evil compounds. Some samples arc found to contain barely one pint of pure oil in a gallon, and this even m leading brands. Some, it is said, contain 11011c nt all. Absolutely pure salad oil is, in fact, iu Syducy, almost uusulublc. In this ease tlie chief adulterants are cotton seed and nut oii, whether Brazilian or others that will yield oil. The groat objection to this nut oil is that, as householders must lcuow to vtiuir luougii lut'j itiv unauic to ialtioui tho cause, a rerv short exposure to the air turns tt completely rancid. Acetic acid is moro often made to do duty for vinegar thaniunoccnt folk possibly wot of. In cocoa and chocolate, sad to aay, similar adulteration is carried on. Arrow root or farina are the chief ingredients, and though delightfully innocent of harm cannot by any stretch of imagination, be con strued into pure cocoa. While this pure cocoa costs about t\ s, Cd. in bond, for wholesale quautiLics, it can he bought here iu Sydney at is. 2d. to Is. ild., also ut in bond price. Especially in chocolate, pastes and cakes, does this habit prevail, and In the manu facture of these the locust beau finds a ready place. As to sauces, the so-called Chutnevs, sold as Indian, it is to be feared are a sad con glomeratiou of uaatines. Ilotten apples, poaches, pineapples, fauHy dried fruits, such as apricots, are all pressed into the service, a little garlic or vinegar is added, and tho sauce is ready. For other nmkos, decomposed horsos' and bullocks' liver, boiled down with spices, but still full of unwholesome impurities, are used to no small extent. To illustrate this fact ngaiu by the test of cost, it may he mentioned that sauces aro every day offered toretailers at Is. M. per dozen. Whcu tho bottles aud labels and cost of manufacture are considered— not forgctlingtho "sauce" — it is obvious that no liigiipriced condimentscan exist to any quantity, it nt all. Very little of the natural ingredient is to he found in the general run of curry powders. Manufaotniers aver that the public taste is perverted, and that, if it was offered them, peonlo could- not be coaxed Into trying the genuine stuff. This, however, cannot be tlie cuse, as real Indian curries, when offered, sell with great freedom. In these sorts alluded to maizcwneal and ground rice form tlio chief com ponent parts. Innocent, again, it. may he said, arc these ingredient, fi muled. I»ul they arc not curry powder, and lmv»» no right to lie sold as such, while, as for tho sauces, I, for one, must confess that I have no "hanker ing " after putrid livers, even if decently got up and labelled sauces! As every consumer knows, of course the great danger in buying pickles, irrespective of makers, the use of acetic acid in the place of vinegar. Crosse anil I31ackwell's and other well-known names aie so far removed from suspicion that the public have no excuse for going wrong, and with the cessation of the demand for the lowprieed abominations, the .supply would soon he forced to stop. As it is, the falling-dfr at the present time is most marked in the mutter of the non- poisonous brands and those that can he de pended on. The craving fur the " clnap and nasty " is more noticeable almost in this line than any other of daily consumption. Oatmeal is now shown to be here largely composed of pollard and sharp", and, though harmless enough, the purpose for which the oatmeal is used is being all the time defeated by tiie fact that it contains, in some cases, only a certain proportion of oatmeal at I all. But while a good many of these food frauds are quietly tolerated by the long- suffering, albeit a foolish, public, simply be cause, while they are known to be adulterated, yet the ingredients are also known to bo harm less, on the other hand, there are those into the composition of which tlie most delc- teidous substances enter, and which render the article altogether unsafe and dangerous iu whatever shape it is u?r>d. Baking- powders are glaring instance of this. Lime and alum in low-grade baking powders are well known to exist. The use uf these kitchen in gredients is not nearly so general here as in America, where special attention has been lately paid to the subject, but they are suffi ciently widely used here to call for some inter ference. While the ill effects of the alum are to a certain extent carried off in gas by the heat of cooking, tlie presence of lime is dan gerous to all, hut to children especially. Here, again, it is possible to obtain the pure unadul terated article, but the public are not. suffi ciently educated or sufficiently careful to dis criminate between what is wholesome and what is positively dangerous. But if poisou lurks in our breakfast cup of tea or coffee or chocolate, if il is with trembling hands that we pour out a drop what effect may be produced, what shall be said of our daily glass of whisky or brandy- and-watcr ? It has often occurred to me that if blue ribbonists, local option enthusiasts and the little army of cold water advocates, whose one aim seems to be to dictate to their fellow- man as to whether he may or may not sip his occasionul glass of toddy, would, if only for a brief season, descend from their perch and deign to be practical, more good results could be attained than from any amount of stump-speeches and Domain orations. If they would undertake the good task of seeing that the varied stuffs doled out by publicans and other sinners were really the pure and unadulterated article, they would go infinitely further in removing the present curse of "drink." In nine cases out of 30 it is not the quantity but the quality that kills. Many a sad scene has beeu wrought, mauy a fair home wrecked, through the wild delirium brought on by driuking the hellish be-drugged compounds, yclept gin or brandy or whatever name the mixer had thought best to affix to liis handi work. And, here again, not only ia tiie con sumer materially injured, hut the honest vendor, be he importer or retailer of sound, whole some liquor, is comparatively speaking knocked out of time. Leading brands, of course, the world over ever have held and ever will hold theirown In this connection, however, the fact should not be lost sight of that in these days it is by no means safe to rely on brands alone. 2fforc champagne, more best known makes of brandy and other liquors, arc annually consumed to the extent of thousauds of dozens beyond what the reputed maker whose brand is attached had anything to do with. Labels, bottles, corks, capsules are all specially manufactured iu various parts of the world to counterfeit the origiuals, and the bottles tilled with counterfeit wines or spirits are contentedly drunk, even by a goodly number of those who pride themselves on being judges. But here in Sydney, as with eatables so with liquors to au infinitely worse extent. Im porters confess to extreme difficulty iu selling any but the very lowest class of so-called mixing spirits for the ordinary publican's trade. He laughs at f»s. or ff.-\ per gallon in bond for a low-class brandy, und says ho can buy in certain quarters at a price that puts such absurd quotations in the shade. It is known that a regular trade is carried on in the con coction of all sorts of villainous compounds out of flavoring essences. A cask of raw, fici'y spirit, a little of this or that essence, according as to whether it i.s the flavor of gin, brandy or what not that is songht to be produced, and. lo aud behold ! there is a ready-made cask of spirits to order. A difficult r that has been found to stand in the way was tlie giving the necessary "age" to tlu liquor. The scorclifug, rasping taste of the raw spirit had to be overcome, as customers would kick against the 6ensation as of a torchlight procession going down their throats. But, it is said thanks to German ingenuity th.it obstacle is re moved, as there is uou' to be procured, an " age -growing" tincture or essence, that in aome mysterious manner softens down the asperities of the hitherto red-hot fluid Certainly, there is something to bo thaukfui for in this reflection even, llutqeveu in the ordinary samples of really fair draught whiskies, for example, there is a frightful amount of fusil oil present. The effects of these are practically to de-troy the coats of the Rtomucb ; besides other minor injurious results. Surely if it is deeuu I huceffty. that tea should lie subjected to a searching test, there is ample scops ' t) extend an Inspector's to spirits. Tlie case whiskies, as a rule, consumed throughout tho city can be fairly depended on, but that there w'a mhr- dorous lot of poison dealt out from bcliind second-rate bars i.s beyond all question. While house who pride thcmVelvfi <m the quality 6f their liquofH would welcome any movement 6f investigation, to .far the. larger 4nun»ber, especially country hotels, the dUclospres. would he most damning. Imagine for one moment — as with the dairies alluded' toa4" mayoral' raid' on all the whisky bars throughout' Sydney, with samples taken from evefy place at random, labelled, analys.d, and'the analyses to be tacked up in a compicuous place' in the public bav. But the investigation need not be con fined to spirits alone. It is to be feared that oven beer is not in every case free from suspicion. It is a circumstance which carries with it some queer suggestions, that of late years," while the oousumptioti of colonial beer has gone on steadily increasing, the consumption of malt and hops is not in pru- uortiotk to 'the increased uuaniitiiM brewed. 'Side by sidevith this fact, it is worthy of note that German scientists are daily perfecting one or other of their ingenious alchemic discoveries. There may, of course, be no connection between those two facts, but might only prove a coinci dence. At the same time, t Ionium circulars continue to arrive by every mail, some containing valuable hints and myste rious "tips," which may or may not bu made use of. There are "tricks of thu trade" in every department of commerce, and it may ho possible that some useful substi tute, German or otherwise, has been hit upon, that in some manner is made to take the place of malt and hops. J»u this as it tiny, if the public have any claim to be protected trom wholesale adulteration, that relating to intoxicating liquors is, morally speaking, of tlio greater im portance. In every case the consumer is mulcted in pocket, he it food or drink, but, in tho latter mote especially, hu is being slowly hut .surely, aud what is worse, unwillingly poisoned. For my own part, the result of my in vestigation isvthat as a rule the honest consumer lias at present more to contend agaiuat than he could possibly dream of. lie pays honest coin und takes his chance of what he gets ; whereas if he, in his turn, offered spurious - money for spurious good ', ho is amenable to the law. By all means, if a um'u prefers fusil oilj. let Him indulge his- taste." ;lf ho will persistdu offering" only 'half 'what a thing is reullV worthjjo' ft in.', ten or anything else,' iL's his o«u, funeral,' ami > lie must take the consequences. On the ether hand, if ho asks for and pays the price of genuine goods, ho has no right to be made .-tho victim of wholesale adtiHeraLiou. 