FRIDAY, SEPTEMBER 3, 1886. A Blue Book of much moment to constitutional students has recently reached our shores. It contains the particulars of the reference to the Judicial Committee of the Privy Council of the dispute about money bills be- tween the two Houses of the Queens- land Legislature. The decision was against the Council. A reference to the proceedings renders this conclusion less surprising than it appeared in the first instance, and as the case is sure to be much quoted, it is as well that the lead- ing facts should be known to the public. The Legislative Council of Queens- land is a nominee House. The section of the Constitution Act aftecting the rela- tions of the two Houses in money matters is as follows :— "Section 2.—Within the said colony of Queensland Her Majesty shall have power with and by the advice and consent of the said Council and Assembly to make laws for the peace, welfare, and good government of the colony in all cases whatsoever. Provided that all bills for appropriating any part of the public revenue, or for imposing any new rate, tax, or impost, subject to the limitations hereinafter provided, shall originate in the Legislative Assembly of the said colony." According to the literal reading of this section the Queensland Council is as free to deal with money bills as with any other bills, once the measure comes before it. The section differs from the corresponding proviso of the Victorian Constitution Act, which says that money bills shall " originate " in the Assembly, and may be rejected " but not altered by the Council," In Victoria the Council is left free to reject, but in Queensland, apparently, the Council is left free both to reject and to amend. In the exercise of this apparent right, the Queensland Council omitted from the Estimates for 1885-6 a sum of £7,000 for the expenses of members, and the usual collision be- tween the two Houses occurred, with the result that the two bodies agreed to ask for a decision from the Judicial Committee of the Privy Council. The Lower House, in its statement, does not attempt to argue the issue on the terms of the Constitution Act, but wisely from its standpoint relies upon an asserted " general admission in British " colonies that the legislativo functions " of the Upper House correspond with " those of the House of Lords, while " the Lower House exercises the rights " and powers of the House of Com " mons." For centuries, says the state- ment, the House of Lords has not at- tempted to amend a money bill ; and, further, the belief is expressed " that no " instance can be found in the history " of constitutional government in which " a nominated Council have attempted " to amend a money bill." Of course this analogy of the two Houses with Lords and Commons is tho strong ground of the Assembly. The strong ground of the Council is tho Constitu- tion Act, but instead of relying upon it, and upon it alone, the Council-un- wisely as wo would submit-went out of its way to ailinn that " it does not " appear that occasion has arisen '. to îequiio that the House of " Lords should ever use its power " of amending a bill for appropriating " the public íevenuo, and, theiefore, " the present case is not analogous ; "the right ¡3 admitted, though it may " not have been exercised." The case was not argued by counsel before tho Privy Council ; their lordships give no reasons for their decision ; and it may be shrewdly suspected that this contention about the position of the House of Lords greatly swayed them. With regard to the respective contentions of the Council and of the Assembly, we read :-" Their Lordships agree humbly " to report to your Majesty, as their " opinion, that the first of these ques " tions should be answered in the nega " tivo and the second in the affirma " tive." On the whole we would submit that it would have been far better if tho issue had come before the Judicial Committee as an appeal from the lower courts, as a matter of legal right, to be argued by counsel, instead of the committee being asked in effect to arbi- trate as to what constitution the colonies should enjoy. In any future proceedings the error of the Queensland Council, in endea- vouring to champion the House of Lords, will, we Bhould imagine, be strictly avoided. And it is important to boar in mind that, even if the analogy of Lords and Commons can bo maintained in the colonies with a nominee Upper House, it breaks down entirely in colonies where the Council is representative and is elected on a broad and popular basis, as is the case in Victoria. The principle which has gradually excluded the Lords from any large share in financial legislation is that of " no taxation without ' re " presentation," but once representa- tion is largely admitted, and that rule necessarily ceases to apply. The Upper House of Victoria is as, representative of the country as was the House of Commons when our Constitution Act was passed, and it is almost ludicrous to comparo such a body with a group of hereditary nobles. The House of Lords is a picturesque body. It is en- twined by association with the national history. The most radical of reformers would think thrice before he would sweep away an institution which so visibly links the present with the past. But as a political power, the second Chamber of Great Britain is not what it was nor what it should bo. In debate it maintains its antique prestige. Lord John Russell's words can still be quoted with approba 1 tion :-" When a great question arises, " which requires a display of more than " ordinary knowledge of history, more " accurate learning, more constitutional " lore, and more practical' wisdom than " is to bo found ia the usual debates of " Parliament, I know not where ' The general debate, The popular harangue, the tait reply, The logic, tbo wisdom, and tho wit ' " aro to be found in greator perfection " than among prelates and peers." But power has ebbed away from it. Looking to its position now and back to the time when it swayed affairs at the revolution of 1G88, one is reminded of that saying that " tho Pope is the ghost " of the deceased Boman Empire sitting "crowned upon the grave thereof." Still is the House crowned, but in great matters its authority has becomo spectral. Where it once led, it now fails to hold its own. Too often-as in the enfranchisement of the Irish peasant during a period of veiled robellion-it surrenders its convictions' in order to avert attacks upon its order. In politics the track of the House of Lords, as its stoutest adherents must admit, has been that of a setting and not that of a rising sun. And as it fails to dis- charge satisfactorily the all-important duties of a second Chamber in a democracy, it . looks as if in the early future its reconstitution as a legislative body was inevitable. . And when the House of Lords is so re- formed, the new body will probably begin to bethink itself of ancient and latent powers-it will do something to stay the present drift of Great Britain to the dangerous condition of govern- ment by a single Chamber, willi un- limited power over both money and liberty. In the meantime, there is something absurd in the insistance of an analogy between a hereditary group of noblos, with historical claims, and a House in which ratepayers represent ratepayers. Wo cannot give the colo- nial Council the glories, the traditions, and tho associations of the House of Lords, and it is a little too bad to insist upon connecting these young, vigorous, and growing bodies with the weakness and the decrepitude of the ancient institution. Public opinion is pos- sibly more backward upon this point of the necessity of an efficient second Chamber in Great Britain than it is hero, for events havo taught us what England has yet to learn; but leading jurists in England aro now be- ginning to repeat what constitutionalists have said hero during many years past, and to recall how the two Chambers in America were founded upon tho British model a century back, and how the representative Senates have gained rather than lost powor and influenco. Australian Councils havo to bide their time, provoking no collisions, but surrendering no rights. Such incidents as the speedy and ludicrous break-down of the Bulgarian revolution, or counter-revolution, and the triumphal re-entry of tho kidnapped Prince into his dominions, may well throw the reader of newspapers off his bearings altogether. To obtain any definite notions or views about the " Eastern Question " is difficult enough under ordinary circumstances ; the melodramatic incidents which have fol- lowed in rapid succession since the arrest of Prince Alexander at Widdin, on the 22nd August, increase the bewilderment of those who try to follow, from a long distance, the obscuro and tangled politics of South Eastern Europe. Nothing was more natural than to attribute the original act of violence the arrest and removal of the Prince-to llussian agency. We take it that in this part of the world one layman's insight into llussian designs in general is as good as his neighbour's-and no better. \Vhat was patent to most men was the intense personal interest which the pre- sent Czar took in the non-success of Prince Alexander's government of tho Bulgarians, and that this hostility happened to bo backed up by the avowed jealousy and suspicion of tho llussian press and people for the new nationality which unexpectedly barred the way to Constantinople. All through the English-speaking world belief in the astuteness and profundity of Russian rulers and diplomatists is very strong. Russia is known to bo entirely unscrupulous ; of luto years she has generally managed to got her own way. Hence a tradition has grown up that site eau hardly make a mistake. As the Bul- garian coup d'etat has fizzled out like a damp squib, the failure may be attributed here and there to doubly, refined diplomatic cunning. There is much in the recent published news which points to a simpler explana- tion. The present Czar seems to in- herit the stubbornness and the ambition of sumo of his predecessors, without their diplomatic prowess. He is either badly served by his present advisers, or the explanation-that ho rejects the advice of the oldest counsellors of the empire-is tho right one. Tho recent kidnapping episode shows here and there instances of that curious inde- pendence of tho central authority at St. Petersburg on the part of Russian officials in remote places, which is one of the peculiarities of that highly centralised empire. It may be assumed that the prime mover in the cou]> d'état, AL ZANKOFrywas acting in concert with Pan-Slpv com- mittees at "Moscow, and with various Russian generals and officials, and Prince Alexander appears to have been held by Russian officers, when taken across the river into Bessarabia. At the same time the abortivo revolution of the 22nd of August may have only been recognised semi- ofilciallyby the Im- perial authorities at St. Petersburg. Pos- sibly the Czar, like Henry II. of Eng land when smarting under the arrogance of Becket, has!ofton wished that some- one would rid him of his enemy Prince Alexander, and the Zankoff re- volution may have been a mere impromptu offering from Russian sympathisers in Bulgaria. It failed because, in addition to being a crime, it was a blunder. The fact is that a coup (¡¡Hat io an operation which requires to be carried to its logical conclusions without falter- ing or half measures. The Norman knights who volunteered to avonge Henry II.'s quarrel with Becket took the precaution of sending the Arch- bishop of Can^crbury out of the world. Becket became a popular hero, after his death ; but ho no longer stopped tho King's way. Prince Alexander, who becomes equally a popular hero, is, from the Russian point of view, still decidedly in the way. A new force European public opinion-has, how- ever, to be reckoned with in these days. The flood of light and information thrown by correspondents and telegraph clerks on international transactions is a feature of modern times. Public opinion, among other things, made the detention of the Prince impossible, and he was released. It may then be said that a half-and-half coup d'état is clearly a blunder as well as a crime. The great precedent of the 2nd December, 1851, shows that Louis Napoleon possessed the two essentials ,of success-the sup- port of the army and the tacit consent .of the people-when he seized the French deputies and possessed himself of supremo power. . Al. Zankoff had neither army nor people behind him. It now remains to be seen whether Russian opinion, as manifested in the press and elsewhere, will " force " tho Emperor to intervene on behalf of Slavonic unity as his father was "forced" in 187G. Delay has of course made intervention more diffi- cult. Had a Russian force been available to occupy Widdin, the day after the Prince's arrest, tho fate of the Roumolins would have been decided in a fow hours, and annexation to Russia perhaps submitted to without much protest. As matters stand, the novelty of the situation is that the remarkable personal qualitios of the Prince and the patriotism of the race at whose head he finds himself have called into being a new force, too strong to be ignored or snuffed out by diplomatists and chan- cellors-a species of constitutional Frankenstein which confronts the chree emperors, and perhaps completely upsetstheirviews of thoEastern question for the moment. Up among the snows tit f)livnitza,vamong the rocky spurs of tho Balkans, a new nation was bom last year, and it is interesting to speculate on its chance of success and prominenco among the European family. The new Bulgaria has been built up "with iron " and blood " (not . merely with " resolutions " and despatches) ; there is therefore high authority for anticipat- ing that it may become a nation after all. Tho Public Sorvico Act possesses irre- sistible fascinations for lion, nioinbors. Questions were asked on tho subject again in tho Assembly yesterday, and there was tho usual if not inevitable motion for tho adjournment of tho House. Dr. Quick desires that tho " appointment, " control, and remuneration of polico " magistrates should bo withdrawn from " tho jurisdiction of an irresponsible " board," and should bo vested m poli- tical Ministers. Thoro is the prelimi- nary point stated by Air. Wrixon that tho Public Service Board is not irresponsible. Aiinistors can review the board's deci- sions, and tho Housos would call tho commissioners to account in tho event of any scandals. But on the main issuo it is unfortunato that tho Attornoy-Gonoriil should intimate that the position of tho polico magistiales is an open quostion in his mind, and that tho Government «'"> consider the matter when the amending bill is prepared. One or two institu- tions havo boon placed under tho board in orror. It was scarcely wiso, for inBtanco, to take tho Pub»« Library from its excellent guardianship of non-political trustees, and to mnko it a public sorvico institution. Rather we should put as many institutions as pos- sible in the old position to which the Public Library may have to revert. The hospitals for tho insano, for instniico, requiro to bo put outside tho service, with a view lo their being governed, as othor -hospitals are. But as to police magistrates, it may bo urged that tau public safety requires that thoy Bhoultt havo whatever protection such a body aä the Public Sorvico Commissioners can secure thom. Government cases of importance frequently como boforo tho polico courts. Wo havo had Customs prosecutions in which much has dopoiideu upon vvhothor tho Bench would or would not commit, and in such cases tim independence of tho polico magistrate becomes a mattor of tho first importance. It should bo felt that tho hope of incre- ments and promotion, or tho fear or slights or removals, did not sway tho judi- cial officer. Parliament has shown a dis- position to moro and moro busy itsolf with pnlico court decisions. A sontonco unpleasant to a çoti stituent is inontioned in tho Assembly, or tho Attornoy-Genoral is waited upo» on the subject, und to a certain extent i tho practico is proper. Scandals from time to timo occur in the loner courts which invito a discussion in Parliament. But withal litis.m»fe» will naroo that the polico magistrates should not bo tho moro ,ollicors of tlie Law dopartmont, to bo dealt with m Aiinistors please, but should have til" protection of » board to stand betvvooii thom and either Parliamentary wroth or public clamour. Anothor important matter was touched upon. It gaveau uiwiluctod pleasure-or lather a decidedly affected pleasure-to Colonel Smith to learn that so far from the Public Sorvice Boaid bemp; tho absoluto mastors of the situation, with Ministors as their automatic recorders, the Govornment has recently seen fit not to ratify a nomination of the board. The lion, mombor aliirmB that this procedure brings back political patronage at onco. Not exactly, however. Without a nomination from tho board no appoint- ment can bo made. What would happen if a pany Govornment wished to make party or personal appointments, and vetoed ono nomination o£ tho board after anothor, no ono can say. There would bo a deadlock of some sort. Much would depend on the firmness of the com- missioners. Tho easy way to avoid tho difficulty ia not to entrust tho working of the syatom to members who aro hostile to its principle. The promoters of the Working Men's Collego must havo gone on tho Eastern principio of making an extravagant domand with the intention of magnifying tho value of their case, when they asked tho Government' for an annual grant of £2,000. It is difficult to imagino a poli- tician astonished at any attempt on the Treasury, but Mr. Pearson declared that the request was a "staggerer," whilo Mr. Gillies confessed moro suavely cthat ho had supposed tho matter to bo "hold in aboyanco." Tho supposi- tion was certainly warranted. In fuco of the recent refusal of tho trades to contri- buto to the collego, and of tho disagree- ments which exist regarding the manage- ment, the Government could not justifi- ably propose to grant a large endowment. Parliament is in oiFect asked to como to the rescue, because there has been a hitch. It may bo true, as Mr. Ormond said, that similar institutions aro well subsidised elsewhere. Por that mattor technical education ia recognised in some countries os part of the national system,- and tech- nical schools are supported along with others by the state. But here the con- ditions are different. In Switzerland and Germany tho schools exist for a definite object, and aro known to meet a domand amongthe population, while in Melbourne neither the one condition nor the other is yet assured. A magnificent structure has been orectod, and anyone outsido tho committco of tho collego, if not those who aro on tho committee as well, would bo puzzled to say definitely for what it is intonded. Is it, for example, to bo a puroly tech- nical institution, or is the technical work to bo combined with literary instruction ? What will be the course, the number of teachers, the expected attendance of pupils ? In tho absonco of information on tlioso points, the Govornment would simply be giving £2,000 to the discretion of tho committco, and, although tho committee has so far acted well and conscientiously, it could hardly expect that such a grant would bo 1 mado in responso to some vaguo state- ments. Then, tho working classes are displaying a lamontablo lack of interest in the scheme, and the Government could not spend money lavishly on an institu- tion which apparently has to begin by creating the want that it is meant to supply. The movement depends for its success on tho co-operation of working men. So far as wo can seo, tho working classos havo shown no desire whatever to bo educated either technically or in any other way. Thoir object in life appears to be to do as little work as possiblo for as large a wage as they can extract from tho necessities of thoir omployors. iThoy accept the benefactions of Mr. Ormond, but thoy do bo in a carping, suspicions, and ungenerous spirit, which bodeB ill /or the future of the college. Un- less their sympathies can bo genuinely enlistod, it will fail, whether it is endowed or no. Mr. Ormond Beoms to havo forgotten tho proverb regarding tho day of small things. Ho is too anxious to completo the institution in a year. Lot a beginning bo made, lot somo work bo done in earnest, let tho useful- ness of the collego bo mado visible oven on a small scale to tho public, and its re- sources will increase as it grows in favour. It may bo tho pleasure of mon liko Holloway to open colleges com- pleto in ovory detail from tho platform to the doorstep, but it is the duty of a Go- vernment to proceed moro slowly ahd cautiously. _ Tho groat rowing matches on the Thames have ended in what is coming to bo regarded as tho usual fashion. The Australian position is one to be proud of. Tho position of the English oarsmen is'a puzzle. Australia leads, but our cham- pion is followed not by an Englishman, but by an American. What has become of tho mighty oarsmen of tho Tyne and the famed experts of the Thames, no one can pretend to say. At one time these thrico-ronowned champions carried all before thom ; but to- day the championship of tho Thames is hold by Matteuson, of Sydnoy, and tho championship of the world is claimed by Beach, of Illawarra. Yet England haß her rivers still, and hor cold climato well adapted for the creation of bono, muscio, and resolution, and it might well be supposed that in rowing-which re- quires strength and stamina-sho would always be first. Possibly a run of ill luck attends a nation sometimes as well as individuals, for it can hardly bo that the rowing community of tho old land are to bo judged by tho fact that in recent contests tho English representatives have started only to bo beaton. Porlmps attention will now bo given in Great Britain to finding out and bringing out the best man, and then the old land may bo in the front, or very near tho front, again. Hanlan's victories in England won for lum tho reputation of a prodigy. But the Australians are moro modest than aro 'tho Canadians, and the friends of Beach will bo content with tho recogni- tion that the representative of New South Wales is a first-class oarsman. Beach lias yet an important match on his hands. Tkemer boat Hanlan. GAüDAUitbeat Tekmeii, and Bkaoh has still to moot tho present champion of Ame- rica. This contest also takes place on the Thames, and the good wisheB of every Englishman will be with the wearer of the Australian colours. If England cannot hold the championship, why, ovory niombor of the-crowd will realise that it is as well that tho honour Bhould bo kept in tho family-in the empire-by Beach, who was bom in Suffolk, though ho has lived and has learned all ho knows at Illawarra. The next victory of Beach if ho wins-will bo as popular on tho Thames, from Putney to tho Nore, as it will bo in Sydney itself. The final heat in the Internat onal Sculling Sweepstakes was rowed on Wednesday over the championship course on the Thames, the competitors being lionel), the New South Wales champion, and leemer, the United States sculler, both of whom had defeated their opponents in the previous heats Hie rnce proved a most hollow one. Beach took the lend from the first, and completely over matched leemer, winning as he lilted by 100 lards. lhe Orient Steam Navigation Companys lîojnl Mail steamer Chimboraro with the 1 nallah mails to the 30th July, firmed »t Adelaide j esterday morning, and Bailed at 3 o clock m the afternoon She should reach Hobson s Hay earlv to morrow morning His Htcelleney the Governor opened the Boiith wing of the Public Library, Museum, 1 ( and National Oallen jesterdny afternoon, the ceremony being witnessed by a larue number of ladies and gentlemen Sir George Verdon president of the board of trustees, presented an address to His Excellence in which he stated that, in recognition of the eminent services rendered to the institution by the late fair Hedmond Barry, it had been de cidul to name that portion of the now wing to be used ua an extension of the library the ' Harry hall ' lie related the history of the institution, and Btated that last year it was usited by 620 014 persons There were now only nine libraries in the United King don» larger than that of Vittoria 'Hie trastees were considering the ulan of lend books to individual readers, but to carr; out £5,000 would be required to start wi and subsequently £1,100 per annum. If Government would provide the means, trustees would gladly extend the usefuln of the library in that direction. Referring other branches of the institution, he allm to the intention of the trustees to estabÜB travelling scholarship in connexion with school of painting. His Excellency, in plying, suggested that it was worthy of c sideration whether the schools of art h could be afhliated to the South Kensing' School of Design, and referred to the gr advantages to bo derived by artisans fr going through a course of instruction ir, school of art The new wing consists of th stories. The basement will be used for atora the ground Hoot tor the art museum, and I first iloor (the Barry-hall) will bo a readi: room. It holdB 50,000 volumes, and will commodate 130 readers. It ia very w lighted, both by night and day. The whole of last night was occupied the Legislative Assembly with a debate committee of supply on the vote of £83,( for prospecting. Practically there was difference of opinion as to the policy of s ting apart so large an amount for the pi pose, and the only question considered w as to how it should bo distributed. T Government proposed that regulations Bhor be framed under which u council should formed in each of the seven mining distrii of the colony to collect information and se; recommendations to a central council repi senting all the districts and the Governmei this latter body to apportion the vote na thought best. At the outset and all throu the night the formation of a central coun was opposed by all but very few speakers, being urged that such a body would encurab the system, without doing sufficient goa The Government were advised by friend and f alike to strike out this,portion of the scheu and allow the Minister of, Mines pt thed to have the full responsibility of distribi ing the money. Local boards were approvi of on all sides, but tliêïe''were doubts as whether the Government had selected ti best constituencies for Buch boards, name the local municipal councils, the minei mining managers, and mining boards. Aft the matter Had been threshed out, .Mr. Gilli asked the committee to pass the vote as stood, and on the report he wou submit the regulations. If bon. membe were still of opinion that the Central Counc should not be created, they could amend ti vote in that direction. Mr. Levien sul mitted that it should be stipulated that ti money advanced to companies. for pro pecting should bo repaid it the minea beean dividend-paying, and Mr. W, Madden askt the committee to ponder over the spectacle i a free grant being given to the mining con munity without demur, while a siinilt concession was on Tuesday denied to th farmers who wanted to irrigate their hold inga. The vote waa passed, and the Kout rose at 10 minutes to 11. Another public service question was raise in the Legislative Assembly yesterday aftei noon on a motion for the adjournment of th House. Mr. Jones asked the Attorney General if a clerk from the CuBtom-hous had been appointed to be examiner of title! and Mr. Wrixon promptly replied tho neither had that been done, nor had th Public Service Board yet determined upon th nomination they would make. This answe did not satisfy Mr. Jones, and he moved th ^adjournment to enable the question to b further dealt with. He insinuated that th A"ttorney-General had not treated the IIous frankly, and -"said that it waa well-knowi that auch an appointment waa contem plated. Colonel Smith seconded the motion Mr. Wrixon was heard again, and thia timi he a spoke with spirit, supported by th cheers of Ministerialists. Ile told the Houbi that it was for a Minister to give a business like answer to all questions, and not to dea in gossip. The inquiry made had been repliée to. ana he could not say what would be dom 'inn; a definite nomination had been made bj the board. It waa quite a mistake to aupposi that the decisions of the board were not sub jeet to review by the Government. Ir one case he had declined to caro out a recommendation of the board lo: reasons which he had placed or record, and that course would be followed again if necessary. Ministers would always be responsible. As to the gentleman in the Custom-house who, it was said, was to bl transferred to the Titles office, it was a fací that he was a barrister-at-law, and the com missioner of titles had reported that he wai qualified to be an examiner. But up to Í o'clock that afternoon no proposal had been made by the Public Service Board. Colonel Smith, thanked . the Attorney-General foi having admitted that he had set aside a recommendation by the board, and Mr. Bent promised to refer to the matter again when the estimâtes 'were brought forward. The motion waa negatived. Mr. Walker informed the Legislative As- sembly yesterday, in reply to Dr. Quick, that 70 applications were received for the two positions of softgoods experts in the Customs department. An independent board re- duced them to five, and, after interviewing those five, recommended that two should be appointed. That recommendation the Go- vernment would carry into effect. Dr. Quick made au inquiry of the Attorney-General in the interesta of police magistrates, and Mr. Wrixon stated that the law officers of the last Government gave an opinion to the effect that those officers came within the provisions of the Public Service Act. When the bill to amend that act waa under coiiBideration the whole ques- tion as to whether or not they should remain under the act would he considered, and their status determined. Mr. Walker in- formed Mr. Zox that the engineer for ports and harbours would be asked to inquire if the pier at St Kilda, and other places of popular resort, could be fenced without caus- ing inconvenience to shipping. Colonel Smith was informed by Mr. Gillies that the Railway Commissioners could not extend the time of return tickefs to 30 daya as in England until they had had experience of the new return ticket system, which came into operation on Wednesday, l'or the sarue>reason they could not just now establish a suburban radius around Ballarat. Mr. Dow promised Mr. M'Coll that he would give attention to the question ot having hares brought under the Rabbit Suppression Act. , Tho Commissioner of Trade and Customs yesterday laid on the table of the Legislative Assembly a return showing the amount of duty collected on stock crossing the border between the months of January and June, 18S6, inclusive, as well as tho amount of drawback allowed for re-crossmgs The duty collected on cattle during the six months was £5,933 Cs , and the amount of drawback allowed waa £5 15a ; the duty col- lected on sheep amounted to £12,40714s., the drawback allowed on the Bheep being £204 18a The board^ of visitors to the lunatic asylums state in their quarterly report to the Chief Secretary that the metropolitan district asylums are all "greatly overcrowded, patients sleeping on the floor m the day rooms, and at the Yarra Bend Abj lum in a gardener's cottage and recreation room. lhere can be no greater evil in anasjlum," ths board add, " than overcrowding in this fashion It renders all attempts at classifi- cation uaeleas, aud diminishes the chances of recovery Noisy patients are of necessity placed in dormitories which they disturb the whole night, and although a number of separate rooms have been built, the bonrd arc still of opinion that 100 additional separate rooms aro urgently required at each of the three asylums, Yarra Bend, Kow, and Sunbury, for the proper caro and manuge ment of epileptic, noisy, and troublesome patienta " The delegntes from the South Australian Chamber of Manufactures started out early jesterday morning, and were engaged till evening in \iaitmg placea of interest in tho city and suburbs. They first proceeded to Schwcppo's mineral water rnnnufaaoiy at Collingwood, where they saw much that in terested them From thence tbey went to tho establishment of Mr edward Duckett, hard- ware merchant They made an inspection of the valuable stock, and partook of the hospitality of the firm, after which they \isiij» the Mint. Here they were received by Mr. F. B. Miller, the superintendent tho bullion office, who conducted them o the various departments, and explained them the processus employed in the manai ture of a aovereign. Two hours were sp in this way. There is no mint in South A tralia, and the visitors were therefore gret interested in all that they Baw. After lui they were joined by several members of Melbourne Chamber of Manufactures, i proceeded to Richmond, where they visited i inspected the worksof Messrs.FloydandGre flint-glaaBmanufucturer8,andof MeBsrs.Le' and Whitty, starchy soap, and soda cryt manufacturers. They"were cordially receb at both places, and before leaving took t opportunity of expressing their thanks the kindness extended to them. Advantage was taken of the presence of i delegates from the South Australian Che ber of Manufactures to bold an inforr conference in the Exchange last night on I subject of intercolonial free trade. Th representatives of the Melbourne Chamber Commerce and a number of members of 1 local Chamber of Manufactures were prese The discussion disclosed a general desire favour of the adoption of intercolon free trade," but most of the speaki held the opinion that several obstac must bo removed, and that pub opinion must be better educated before a practical results can be hoped for. To-di the South Australian visitors will inspi Peacock's jam factory, Dillon and Burrow confectionery establishment, the paper mil Sharp's sawmills, and the Denton bat mil in Collingwood. A meeting of the Victorian Commission i the Adelaide Jubilee exhibition was he yesterday at the offices, Market-street, und the presidency of Mr. R., Murray Smit C.M.G. , The only business itrtmsacted w the pasBing of the rules for the' guidance the commission, which' were1 provisional agreed to nt tlnVfirat meeting ot, the comm: ?Blonera. It was decided that''all the coi mittees should be summoned for 'next wa for the purpose of appointing chairmen. The Lands department and the Mclboun Harbour Trust have come to an arrangeme whereby a Bite of some three acres three rooi and four perches on Coode Island is toi leased for seven years for the construction a graving dock. The right to the lease w be submitted to public competition at ti rooms of Messrs. Fraser and Co. this afte noon. In the conditions of lease is stipulated that the land mu only be used for a graving dock ar ita appurtenances. The construction i the dock is to be commenced within thn months, and proceeded with to the satisfa tion of the Landa department and ti Harbour Trust, or the lease will be voidabl Thc'lessee is not to be allowed to sub-lc and the lease will not be transferable excej with the written sanction of the departmei and the trust. A footbridge is to be provide over the entrance to the dock, and the lessi will be required to keep the entrance an fairway clear of silt or other obstructioi I to provide the water supply require by vessels using the dock, and to e: bibit such lights at the entrance r the Harbour Trust may from time to tim direct. The docking and undocking < vessels and the management ot the doe generally -must bo in conformity with th trust's regulations, and the officers of th Lands department and the Harbour Trus are to have access to the dock and premise at all times. The Government reserve th right to annul the sale of the right to leas the land at any time within 30 days from th date of sale. The Railway Commissioners will leave Princes-bridge station on Monday morning next for the purpose of making their annual inspection of the Gipps Land railways. They will depart from Melbourne by special train at 8 o'clock, and will examine all the stations as far as Sale. A visit will also be paid to the Mirboo railway works. The next day the commissioners will go to Heyfield, whence they will proceed to Maffra, over the contractors' railway, and will return to Sale in the evening. On Wednesday and Thursday they will drive over the route of the proposed railway from Maffra to Bairnsdale and on the following day will return to Melbourne. A farmers' excursion train will leave Mel bourne to-day for Craigieburn andall stationl from there to Seymour inclusive, and to al stations on the Yea line. The total numbei of persons who have booked to leave Mci bourne is 120, while 400 passengers are ex pectcd to avuil themselves of the return ex cursion, which will leave the country stationl named for Melbourne on the same day. Tho traffic branch ot tbo Railway depart ment has arranged to run special trains from Melbourne at 12.40, 1.0, and L25 p.m. on Saturday afternoon to convey paasengers to the Moonee Valley races. Return trains will be despatched from the racecourse at 515 and 5.20 p.m. In view of the great intereat attaching to the football match between the Geelong and South Melbourne clubs, which ia to be played on Saturday at South Melbourne, a number of residents of Geelong have contracted with the Railway department to run two Bpecial trains to Melbourne on that day. It ia ex- pected that over 1,000 of the residents of Geelong will avail themselves of this means of reaching the city. The traina will reach Melbourne at L50 and 2.35 p.m., and a re- turn special train will be Bent from Melbourne at 11.15 p.m. A short time since, complaints were made to the Railway Commissioners by the Railway Employés Association as to the stringent nature of certain regulations, which had been framed to control the conduct of men when engaged in the workshops, and in order to obtain a definite reply on the subject from the commissioners, a number of the members of the committee of the association waited upon them yesterday, and urged that the regulations should be made less stringent. The commissioners, in reply, stated that they had no intention to provide rules that would be at all exacting, but it would have been better for the men not to have made a complaint against them until definite cases of oppression had occurred. The committee also brought under the notice of the commissioners the re-appointment as carriage inspector at Sandhurst of Mr. Dobney, who, they contended was not entitled to be selected for the position. The commissioners stated that Dobney had been away on leave under the provisions of the previous Public Service Act, and that, therefore, he had only been justly dealt with in being appointed to the office now filled by him. Mr. A. Wilson, engineer of porta and har- bours, visited Point Lonsdale on Tuesday for the purpose 01 testing the Siren fog signal apparatus, which has lately been placed in position at the lighthouse there Mr Wilson has stated the lesultB of Ina observations in the following report to the Commissioner of Trade and CuBtoms -"Sir,-I proceeded to Point Lonsdale by steamer Despatch on the 30th ult, for the purpose of ascertaining at what distanco the fog signal established there could be heard, The day was dull and cloudy, with occasional showers of ruin, wind light NNW, force three to four miles I Bteamed out from Point Lonsdale in a line with the axis of the Siren, on »NU course. The Siren was kept sounding at about two, minute intervals, and was distinctly heard over the engines and all other noises live miles distant. At this hitter distance the sound became gradually fainter until five miles and a half was reached, when it was just audible over the noise of the engines, le., and at six miles it was lamtly heard when the engines were stopped The Despatch was then headed to Barwon Heads, and while proceeding on such course the sound ot the Siren became audible over the noise of the engines i.e., four miles distant, and continued to be, distinctly heard until about two miles distant lrotu Barwon Heads, the Despatch being then tinto miles distant to windward of Point Lornsdale, with the axis ot sound pointing at n"ht angles lrom the ship The results obtained were in ever} respect satisfactory, and it may ealely be aflirmed that, unleaB under eict-ptionally un fav ourable circumstances, the Siren at Point Lonsdale will be distinctly heard at a dis tance of two miles. 1 hnve, ¿c , A Wutjos, En gincorof Porta und Harbours ' Itmajbemon tioned that Victoria, at present, is the on colony m the Australian group which hi provided fog signals at its coast Btation 'lliese appliances were during the past moni placed at the Point Lonsdale, Cape Otwa Oabo Island, and Cliffy Island lighthouse and were to be brought mto use on and aft the 1st inst The Maryborough Borough Council ha' made application for the consent of ti Governor in Council to a deviation of Darhn street m that town. Opposition has been rnist byauumberof ratepayers, who haveforwardt apetitionurgingthatthe requeatof the count Bhould be refused The Minister o£ Publ Works hoB instructed Mr T T. Morkham I visit Maryborough to aay to inspect ti locality, and take the evidence of persoi interested, with a view to enable the Minisb to decide the matter in dispute. Mr. A. W. Vine has forwarded the follov ing report to the Railway Commissionei with reference to the progress made by ti railway employés who have attended the S John Ambulance classes established m coi ncxion with the department -" fair,-I ha\ the honour to report that since the con mencement ot the year 10 ambulance class« have been held at different stations on the Vu torian Railways. The aggregate attendant has been about 200, of whom about 120 han passed the examination. The schedule hen undcraflixcd gives the results lorcach class - Spencer street, average attendance ¿0, passe 17 , Flinders street, 'attendance 45, passe 27, Ballarat, attendance lb, passed 8 Geelong, attendance 20, passed ti, faandhurs1 attendance 26, passed 15, Ararat, attendant 14, passed 8, bale, attendance 19, passed 14 Seymour, attendance 27, passed 7¡ Ma« borough, attendance 31, passed 10, Kynetoi attendance 15, passed 8. Total attendance! 246 , total passed, 120 Old classes 3, bel pnor to current year-attendances H( passed 41. Total attendances, 3G6, passe« lol- All grades of employés bave attende the classes, and in many cases good use ha been made of the knowledge so gained " The amount already expended in the pul chase of diamond drill plarft being soinewhc large, with the probubihty of a considerabl addition Defore long, owing to the mtentio; of the Government to use these appliance extensively m prospecting for gold and coal the attention ot the Mining department ha been drawn to the advisability of the person directly m charge of the drills being placei under the operation of the Regulation c Mines and Machinery Act, with a view t compelling them to obtain certificates of sei vice or of competency to have control of th engines and boilers The desirability of tbi step will be apparent, when it is rememberei that the department has in use a larg number of drills, and that they ure very ex pensive, a fully equipped diamond* drill cost mg ubout £2,700 It has accordingly beei determined that the foremen and sub foremen in charge of the drills shall presen themselves at Che next sitting of the board o examiners, which will be held in January 1887, and they have been notified accord ingly Some of the drills have to bore to i depth of from 1,600ft. to 2,000ft, and it wil therefore be readily understood that the met in charge of the operations Bhould not oui; be experienced mechanics, but capable alsi of acting in au emergency ia the event of an; accident happening to the machinery. Racmg men have to day presented to then notice the 21st volume of J he Ausli atastai Turf Reaisler, puohahed by the proprietors o The Argus and 27ie Australasian Largei than ever, the book now contains over 75t pages of closely printed matter, of which thi most important embraces correct returns o: racing in Victoria, New South Wales, boutl Australia, Tasmania, and New Zealand, covering the 12 months of the racing yeai which expired on the 31st of July last Ir addition to this may be mentioned tablea o; the winners of the principal colonial races, entries for coming events under the auspices ot tho Victoria Racing Club, Australian Jockey Club, Hawkesbury Racing Club, Vic tona Amateur 1 urf Club, and Geelong Racing Club, salea of blood stock during the pasl year, owners' colours, as registered with thi V R C and A.J"C , list of registered jockeyi and trainera, lengths of coursea, the rulei of betting, and last, but not least, the révisée rules of racing as authorised by the V R C. including the stundard weight for age The book concludes with the usual "index u performances," a special feature being pedí greea by which the breeding of a horse can bl at once ascertained Considerable care, time and labour have been exercised by the com piler, in order to secure general usefulness accuracy, and completeness, and, altogether the racing man, whether he be owner, trainer secretary of a club, or a lover of the spori merely, will find the Register particulurlj handy now that the racing season is fairlj under way. The gunboats Victoria and Albert, and the torpedo boats Gordon, Nepean, and Childers proceeded to Geelong yesterday on a cruise A meeting of certain members of the Umver Bity Senate who consider it inadvisable thal salaried officers of the University should occupy seats oa members of the governing body waa held yesterday, when the following resolution was carried - ' That a statement be prepared embodying the reasons which have led the majority of the teaching staff of the University to declare that no salaried officer should occupy a seat on the council, and that until such statement be circulated, members of the senate be requested to refrain from pledging their votes " Mr. Roderick Murchison, manager of the Adelaide branch of the Bank of New South Wales, has been appointed to succeed Mr George Miller in the management of the Melbourne branch of that bank, Mr. Miller having been transferred to Sydney as acting general manager. The bon secretary of the Melbourne Cricket Club has received a cable message from Mr. B J Wardill, stating that the Aus traban Lleven will arrive in New Zealand via America on the 28th of November, and will play a series of matches m that colony Three matches in Australia have been arranged with Messrs Shaw and Lillvwhites team, two to be played in Melbourne and one mSjdney Mr Wardill has also arranged with Messrs. Brock and Co for several dis plays of firoworks on the Melbourne Cricket ground during the coming season, of the same character as those given at the Crystal Palace. A meeting of the warrant and non com. missioned ofheera United Service Club, will beheld at the clubrooms, Royal Arcade Hotel, Little Collins street east, at 8 pia on Saturday next, for the purpose of electing office bearers 'I he date selected being the day on which the military com. mandant holds his field day parade in the neighbourhood of North Brighton, it is ex- pected that there will be a large and widely representative gathering of metropolitan non- commissioned ofheera A meeting of those interested in the raising of funds to secure Mr 1 rancis Ormond s offer of £20,000 for the promotion of musical culture in Victoria, will bo held in the Town hall this afternoon, at 4 o clock Mr Ormond will bo present, and will explain hia inten tiona aa to the disposition of hia propoaed gift Notwithstanding the inclement weather, a very 8uccessful meeting waa held at the Richmond Town hall jesterday to inaugurate a Btall in connexion with the opera carniv al Letters of apology were sent, with promises of aid, from Mrs A B Malleaon, Misa Smith, and others 'Hie majorées (Mra G II Bennett) took the chair 'lhe Rev James Kennedy, S J , was present from the executive committee, and explained what had been done by the other suburbs Sir Arthur Nicolson ga\ o some practical advice, and the mu>or promised his warm support After a committee lind been formed, the meeting wus adjourned till 'lhursday next, at 4pm, to be held in the town hall A similar meeting was to have been held at 1 ssendou jesterday, but was postponed, owing to the unfavourable weather, until '1 uesday next The secretary of the Bay Excursion Com- pany has received a cable message from Captain M'Lean advising, the safe arrival at Gibraltar, on 1st inst., of the new steamer Ozone, which baa been built for the Hobson's Bay excursion traffic, and is now on the way to Melbourne. The Supreme Court gave judgment je8ter day on un application made for a new trial m un action of Jepltcott v The -lui u of Towong \ The plaintiff, who is now about 22 years age, waa on the 10th November, 1883 dnvmi bullock dray on the road between lalgar and Wodonga, in the Shire of Towoi While passing o\er a portion of the re known as the Talgarno Cutting, one of t wheels of the dray caught in a channel in t road, and the druyshded towards an embar ment on the road, and the plaintifl v. knocked down and both bia legswerecrushi He alleged that the accident had occurr through the negligence of the defendants making and maintaining the road The iv gave a verdict for the plomtiff for £1,21 The defendants applied for a new trial the ground that there waa no evidence ti they had been guilty of any negligence, a also because the plaintiff had by his o\ negligence caused the accident The Coi held that there was evidence to support t plaintiffs case and refused to disturb the vi diet A young man named George August Dimock applied recently to the Pharma Board for a certificate to entitle him to registered as a pharmaceutical chemist E application was made under section l8, au section 2, of the Pharmacy Act, which nllov certilicates to be given to persona who hi served for not less than three months befo the commencement of the statute in ni open shop where the medical presen tions of legally qualified medical pra titionera were dispensed The statu came into operation on the 1st Januar 1877 Mr Dimock alleged that for mo than three months before that date he hi acted as dispenamg assistant to his fathc who was a surgeon residing at Mormugto He was bom in 1800 Erom the tin when he was 11 years of age 1 had acted as dispensing assistant TI Pharmacy Board did not consider h qualification sufficient, and refused to grai lum a certificate to enable him to be tegi tered as a chemist An application waa the made on his behalf to the Chief Justice for mandamus to compel the board to issue ti certificate, and His Honour granted the ma damus The board appealed to the Tu Court against this order, and the appeal wi heard yeeterday. The Court was . opinion that tfle board had on to decide the question of fact whethi Mr Dimock had been employed as dispensing assistant m an open shop fe three months before the commencement i the act, and if it found that he was f employed it ought to grant a certificat whether he waa otherwise qualified or no fhe court also held that the board had ni really decided that point and the order for iQandamiu was therefore varied to the extei that instead of being directed to issue tb certificate the board was ordered to hear an decide whether Mr Dimock had bee employed as a dispensing assistant for thrt months before the act came into force. Our Dunedin 'Correspondent, writing o August 2ti, forwards the following partícula! concerning the extraordinary poisoning cas m which a nephew of Sir John Hall ia one ( the accused - ' ThomaB Hall and Marga« Graham Houston have been brought np t Timaru on remand, on the charge of at tempted murder of Catherine Hall (wil of the former) by administering ant mony After a lengthy argument, further remand till Monday next wa granted, on the application of the Crowt though Btrongly opposed by the defend There are now no less than five information for forgery, with attempt to detraud, agame the prisoner Hall, two of them having bee: laid by his partner in their commissioi agency business No fresh development in connexion with the alleged poiaonm case have taken place. It appears tim Mrs. Halls father died a short tim ago, and that it was then that Miss Houston who is a lady nurse and a bosom friend o Mrs Hall, was called in She was retained ti nurse Mrs Hall after her confinement, an< as Mrs. Hall did not recover as quickly ai he expected, und the bj mptoms were thosi of antimony poisoning, the doctor who wa attending was led to examine the food am drink supplied to her, with the result that hi communicated with the police, and the Ima band and nurse were arrested The affin hos created intense excitement in Timaru Mrs Hall is tue daughter of an old residen of tho district, and bad a fair income in he own right After her marriage her husbani is said to have insured her life for iC.000 Hall was always supposed to be dornt a fair business He and his family hav< been connected with the district for years I is reported that Sir Jobn Hall had iiitendei to return to the colony to resume an activi part in politics but it is expected that tim matter may cause him to change bia mind When the prisoners went to the court a ver; large crowd assembled, and while they wen being removed the evidences of hostility ot the part of the crowd were unmistakable. deferring to the recent disastrous floods in parts of the south island of New Zealand, our Dunedin correspondent, writmgon Augusi 2d, says- "The floods which took place ir. Otago have now subsided Hie damage te the country has not been so great as waa al one time feared, farmers having had time te remove their stock The crops which had been put into the ground will require to be re sown m low lying districts, and in some places the soil has been removed to the depth of the ploughing Hoads and railways suffered most damage, but communication is now everywhere completely restored The singular part of the long continued rain waa, that it was almost entirely confined to s narrow strip on the coast. Thus, though the i aten plain resembled a vast lake, 20 miles further on scarcely a drop of rain fell, and at Invercargill a scarcity of water pre vailed Another notable circumstance in connexion with the downpour was the occur renee of a very large number of landslips One of the most extensivo and disastrous of these occurred at Pigeon Buy, in the Canter bury district The mountain from which tbis slip came is described now as somewhat resembling in appearance the rent at Tara wera. Erom the top of, the mountain, which is trom l,S00ft to 1,400ft high there is a rift caused by the hundreds of tons of soil, which travelled with railway speed, finally over whelming Messrs Hay Brothers' Annandale station A clump of bluegums not in the track of the slip, a solitary walnut tree, and a bluegum at the foot are all that remain of a highly cultivated garden, and 10 buildinge, including a 13 roomed house, woolshed, ¿Le. Some 12ft to 13ft of soil is now piled up where stood the house, and some yards of the land from the sea have been reolaimed by the delma The large woolshed waa carried bodily some chains and burledintothe creek, when the massive timbers were Bphntered, and the whole fabric dispersed 'I he inmates had a narrow escape, and had the force of the lirst slip not been to some extent broken by fences, they would, in all probability, have periBhed As it was, Mr Jamea Hay in running away, says he felt the spray of earth sent up by the slip striking him on the back The rush and the roar it made was beard tor a considerable distance, and ga\e the idea of an eruption having taken place 1 he house after it was destroyed took fire and burned ior two boura. The safe which was m the house waB carried to low water mark, as m as also the stove, which was found with the kettle on A purse, in which there was some £18 was found on the beach although it had been placed in a drawer m one of the rooms " ' The uaual"monthly meeting of the com mittee of the Welbourn! and Suburban City Mission waa held in the vestry of the Baptist Church, Collins street, on 1 uesday laBt There were present the Reva. D M'Kennte (in the chair) S Chapman, A W, Webb, J M Abernethy, with Messrs Marsden, J P , Bulstrode (treasurer), and Wilton The secretary reported that the conference with the missionaries ordered by the committee had been held 1 he missioniries fcave very interesting and cheering reports of their norh Some suggestions had been thrown out which he hoped would enable the com mutee to v urk the mission more efiiciently, such as the opening of cottage meetings in all the districts where practicable and the publication by the missionaries m the daily lireas of an} details of thoi"- workof special in terest 1 he secretary also reported that he bad accompanied Mesara Hall and Shepherd, missionaries an their rounds in Prahran and Little Bourke street He waa \ery favourably impressed by the work they ure doing 1 he I treasurer íeported that when the mi Bionaries' salaries for the current month ar paid the committee will be £31 odd m deb Mr Marsden gave notice that at next mee ing be would move that Mr Hall, at preset labouring in Prahran, be transferred to Co lingwood as a more necessitous field. Aletti from the secretary of the Sydney City Missio was read, giving an account of the work don in Sydney and the means used to extend an support the mission. The letter was hear with great interest, and the secretary w11 instructed to convey the tbnnk9 of the con mittee to the writer tor the information contained The meeting was closed by th chairman pronouncing the Benediction The following letter has been received b the Rev J G Paton from the Rev J Jonei a missionary stationed at Mare, near Ne' Caledonia as an agent of the London Mu sionary Society - Mare, near New Call doma, August G, 1886-My Dear Brothe Paton,-I should have written to you befor this if I had known your address in order t give you some details of the 1 rench persea tion here I saw your and Mr Montihore letters translated into a Noumea paper write now to urge you to do all you san bot by tongue and pen, to get the colonists rec hot for the exchange of the lalMand Island for New Caledonia and dependencies, lb idea was I believe, first mooted by a Pan journal, therefore it cannot be very ot noxious to the 1 rench I believe the Frencl Government would jump atsuch a chance jue now, so as to retire honourably \\\\) from th New Hebrides question. I do not knov what specially great advantage it is to th British to hold the lalkland Islands. But do know that it would be of incalculubl advantage to the Australians for tho Britisl to hold New Caledonia and the New Hebrides Even if Great Britain had to give a gooi round sum to swop, it would be worth th bargain What evil may it preserve th colonies from to get the change effected a once I It the Trench still retain New Cale doma I have no doubt that some day the; will contrive to get hold of the NewHebride too, then good bye to your missions. I speal from experience All our native pastors am others are still kept in prison m New Cale doma, lhey have been there now nearly 1 mouths lhay have broken no law, it 1 pnrely religious persecution At the meeting of the Richmond Counci last evening a bye law repealing one pre vioualy passed to regulate the hours 0 closing of drapery establishments was con firmed This was done at the mstanci of the drapers who desired to retnrn ti the hours fixed by the raciones and ¡shop Act A special meeting of the Heidelberg Shin Council was held yesterday, to consider thi action of the Government m leasing ti Messrs. Russell and Gillespie, for a term 0 10 years the right of re constructing ant heightening the dam at Dights Tails Col line,n ood It was pointed out that this woult result in a serious injury to the propert; owneraontheYairaforaconsiderabledistanci up the river as it would retard the escapi of the flood water, and was in direct opposi tion to the policy that bad been adopted 0. removing obstructions of this nature Tin opinion waa also expressed that before st important a step was taken the local bodies interested should have been consulted. ih< matter being urgent, it was decided to requesi the Chief Secretury to receive a deputation on the subject at 11 a.m. on M ednesday next and the secretary was instructed to write te the several councils affected, informing then of this step and soliciting their co opera tion. lhe following extract from a letter re ceived by the last mail by Mr Guenettfrom Ebenezer Prout, the distinguished musical composer and conductor, will be found ol interest by the musical reader Speaking ol Dvorik s cantata, ' The Spectre a Bride the first performance of which the writer at terded at the Birmingham Testival he calla it ' magnificent, and oaks if it has travelled ta Australia. The work is now in rehearsal bj the Melbourne Liedertafel Mr Prout speaks alsointermsof praiseof a pretty cantata, lhe Sleeping Beauty, by Cowen, and mentions a bj mphony of bia own which bad met with general acceptance all over Lngland lins I work is also in Melbourne in the possession I of Mr Guenett and will ere long be produced in public Of general muaical news Mr Prout saja - We have had a very busy musical Beaeon in London tbia year 1 he treat sen Bation was, of course, the visit of Liszt He did not play at any concerts but I was lucky enough to hear him at a conversazione I bough he is now 7o years old, it was the most marvellous thing I ever heard in my hie One mostly associates the idea of Liszt with a thundering hammer smashing style of performance. Jud(,e, therefore, of my surpnae to find his playing chieily characterised by the most exquisito delicacy, and such a touch I No words can give any idea of it lhe marvellous exprès sion and soul of his playing positively brought tears to ones ejes. I can now un derstaud all the ravings about his playing that uaed to seem to me lil e gross llattery and ' high falutin A short and appreciative reference ia made to Rubinstein, who by his recent visit to longland, cleared some £20 000 lhe letter in conclusion, says that Dvorak has written a new oratorio for the Leeds 1 estival next October, "which will unquestionably bo one ot the most interesting features of the festival I consider bim the greatest genius of living composera Mr Prout finishes by wishing success to the Melbourne Popular Concerts and makes handsome reference to the sterling musicianly qualities of Mr ¿erbiui, lately added to the quartet party It ia intended to hold a bazaar on a large scale next J aster in aid of the building fund of the Convalescent Home for 'Women at Oakleigh A public meeting to tal e the preliminary steps will be called shortlj A meeting of the Continental Concert So cicty was held yesterday afternoon, when it was announced that neither the Lxhibition building nor the Town hall was available for next Saturday There will therefore, be no Continental Concert to morrow afternoon During the interval thus afforded the oppor tunity will be taken advantage of to remodel the society, with a view to widen its basis and enlarge its sphere of usefulness and all interested in the movement ute invited to send in their names and addresses to the bon secretary, care of Messrs Nicholaon and Co, Collins street lhe date of the next concert will be duly announced by ad vertisement lhe carnival in St Patricks Cathedral hall has been well attended during the week, notwithstanding the nicle ment weather lo morrow evening it will be brought to a close The land and entrance art unions will be drawn at 10 o clock on that evening and a Bruce auction will be held at which all goods re maimng will be disposed of without reserve lo night a special concert will beyven in which Miss Josephine 0 Brien, Miss Uluma Bronton and Messra 1 B Browning Chas. Sykes, and P J Duggan will appear, and the pupils of St Mary a School Hotham will sing under the direction of Mr W li I ur long lhere was a moderate attendance jcsterday afternoon at the Organ Recital in the lown hall 1 he following were the selections per formed by the city organist natnelj-Over ture William loll, Rossini andante ' Serenade and 'Adieu Schubert concert fantasi 1 Maestoso andante un 1 allegro fair Robert Stewurt marche 1 unebre Chopin selection from the J ob|,c«uii0 of Mendelssohn lhe whole periormunce met with the approval of the audience the line ore.an piece by Sir R. Stewart being specially well adapted to such recitals us these Mrs Purbrick hon treasurer ot the Convalescent Home for 'Women, desires to tlmiil Mr James Macdougall and the stewards of the Caulfield Private Assemblies for a cheque for £5 1ü3 kindly lett at Ile Al jus ofhee for the abovenamed deserving institution On behalf of the family in distress at Rich mond in regard to whom the vigilance com mutee ot the unemployed reported that they were much in needot relief we have received the followint, subscriptions - Mrs. Mariaune Noble £1 0 and L thompson £L We have received the diary and time table for September issued by Mr Henry lhucker, tieelont, Mr Robert T Luton solicitor, of Phtcnix chambers baa been appointed a commis Bioner for taking afhduvitacf the Supreme Court and Hi"h Court of Tudicnture Ire land by the Lord Chancellor ot Ireland 