THE A.G. TO THE C.S. Dear Jack—I hope things have been going on all right since I left. I have had a pretty good time, but a deal of anxiety lest that confounded little man in the big hat should put his foot, in it. He really is a terrible worry tto me, and when he is not holding 'on to my coat - tails I never can feel that he is safe. How has Howe—that's a little touch of apt alliteration's artful aid—getting on '! obsti nate as ever, I suppose, going bull-headed into tliingB, and hard to turn as a tramcaron a straight line. What is this row about the butchers—I see the Register has been going in hot and strong as usual. It was rather a nasty jar for me, that leader about our symmetrical style of bungling—it was read at the Club, and you know some of the fellows over here are jealous of my being a statesman —they cannot make the article over here —and they chaffed me as much as they dared. I knew very well some of yon fellows would bemakingahashof things secimdumartem, but as I shall soon be back. I daresay I—no, i mean we—will get things straight again. I have to some extent enjoyed myself—sua citique voluptas—hat you can have no Idea bow the vision of Newland, like the death's head at the feast of Banqao's ghost, haunted me amidst my so-called relaxation. I have seen something since I have been in Mel bourne, and have altered some of my notions —tempora mulantur, ct nos mvtam.nr in illis. For goodness sake give Newland something to play with to occupy him and prevent his getting us deeper into the mire. I onght to have brought him over with me to Melbourne out of the way of mischief. You might keep him on the retrenchment racket for a little while longer. It is comparatively harmless, because he can only injure a few insignificant clerks, and the public think it is saving money. They would think it was non sibi, sed patriae for a time at least, were it not that the confounded newspapers are continually putting our doings in a less unselfish light and make out that it is for ourselves and not our country that we are acting. I have been thinking whether it would not look patriotic and generous if we all agreed to forego half a year's Ministerial pay each, only I know some of ns could not do it gracefully, and Howe would call it Quixotic. Besides, we get so roundly abused on all sides that I am afraid it would be a reductio ad absurdam sort of thing. We should have no consideration lor the abase. I see Cockburn and ParsonB are before the public. I think we ought to give Parsons a rap on the knuckles for his implied censure upon ue bis masters. However, I will make things show a better case when I get back. -J.D. THE C S. TO THE A.G. My Dear John.—You need not worry your self—go on with your little amusements, enjoy yourself while you may. I am keeping things in trim. It is quite unnecessary for you to trouble yourself to return at an early date. I can manage well enough without you. As to the bungling you speak of, your presence or absence would not have made the slightest difference one way or the other. It is only the Register's way of pntting things. However, perhaps you had better not Btay away too long, because many a good man has lost his billet by letting hts employers think they could do without him —the public might raise the question of re trenchment, and suggest amalgamating some of the Ministerial offices. We don't need you, but come back if you like.—J. B. Hugh Kalyptus says:—"There are two festivals or annual observances that I should like to see consigned to the limbo of discarded customs. They are St. Valentine's Day and Guy Fawkes's Day. The first was not without its redeeming points, because it afforded an opportunity for the interchange of pleasant reminders between relations and friends, but it also enabled the spiteful and the vicious to insult with impunity persons they felt a petty grudge against, and I am sorry to say that shopkeepers, ay 1 those in a large way of business too, gave their assis tance to this contemptible practice by im porting largely and displaying in their windows picture valentines vu gar in the extreme and insulting to a degree. 'Verses, the vilest doggerel, and expressing vulgar ideas, always accompanied this wretched production of a degraded drafts man—artist it could not be. Happily the pretty and tasteful custom of sending New Year and Christmas cards—which are each year becoming more beautiful and eminently artistic in deBign and execution—has very nearly driven St. Valentine out of the run ning. Now, I have nothing to say against St. Valentime himself, he is a respectable, nice old party, no doubt dead now—very much so, I believe ; but the degenerate custom asso ciated with his name is better honoured in the breach than in the observance. As for Guy Fawkes, tbe sooner we are relieved from the infliction of having a crowd of dirty boys carrying a no less dirty and ill-clad effigy of the conspirator, waking us up in the early moraine each 5th of November with the fable—" Remember, remember, the Fifth of November, gunpowder treason and plot; I don't see no reason why gunpowder treason should everjbe forgot; hip, hip, hooray"—the better. This also is a practice more honoured in the breach than the observance, and I should like to see some of those wretched young scamps, who parade the guy and risk our property with their bonfires, more hononred in the breech too. Guy Fawkes lias been amply revenged for the playful way our ancestors treated him in JameB the First's time after they found him out in his little game; he has left a legacy of tortures which has lasted even to Victoria's latter days, and may run into another reign. How Guido must chuckle when he becomes a materialized spirit through Borne medium occasionally, and thinkB bow many nineteenth-century citizens grind their teeth and squirm as his effigy goes by. Ugb, it is worse than having a neighbour learning to play the cornet. There 'is a good deal of muscular Chris tianity about the Salvation Army. Some of its members at least seem to be well able to give any sarcastic scribbler a Roland for his 1 Oliver; as witness the vigorous defence of the Army's operations at Murray Bridge by one of its officers, against a pen and ink potting, by "A Sinner." The Army was promised the sinews of war if it would send succour to sinners in the vicinity of the Murray Bridge; but the congregations clung to their threepenny pieces it appear", and the Army's contingent had to raise the wge and retreat, and bring their barraoks with tuem. The Murray Bridgeites have their own nar row-necked pockets to blame if the state-, ments in the Army officers' reports are correct. It iB all very well to invite troops to keep an enemy at a distance but the beleaguered garrison must remember that even the Salva tion Army cannot carry on its operations without some of that dross for which men sacrifice so much. It is almost as bad in town. People who cannot spare threepence for collection, spend a shilling—ay! even three or four—over the circus. 