LOS ANGELES, CALIFORNIA. iBY AUSTEA. No. L Just as one mar pass half a lifetime iu " Maorlland " without ever seeing a real live Maori, so may ono tarry a long while in Cali fornia and yet havo no personal experience of the glorious climate whoso praise has passed into a proverb. Tho stranger, scarce yet with in- the far famed Golden Gate, exalting in his near good-by to a month of sea sickness and the ceaseless throb of imprisoned steam, stands face toward the new laud stretched before him, and picasaully recalls tho thousand and one testimonies to its climatic perfection that he has hoard and read sinco his lirst tasto of Bret Ilartc and Mark Twain. Ilis thoughts trip cheerfully info a nonsen sical alliterative mixture of sanshiuo and shimmer," "glory and glimmer," Califoruinn cliniato" and " Golden Gate and whether hfs niost recent recollections hoof Melbourne's dust- laden north winds, Sydney's sweltering " brick- fielders," Dnucdln's sleety biliug winter breezes, or Anokland's moist and enervating summer air, he folds tliem up quickly, and crams tlioin away in some small side pocket of his memory, to be taken thcuco, may he, oftcner than ho reckons ou in after hours of homo sick melan choly. Not now though, for ho is in Sau I'ran- oisco, and San Francisco is iu California, au'd into what a mighty difference this little dls- tiuction can resolve itself experience alono may teach. When a man has spout a summer or two padding his chest iu tho day timo with tho newest invention iu lung protectors against treacherous winds that '.only differ. |rom thoso of Melbourne iu being, stronger, in being cold instead of hot, and in blowing big clouds of dus-t from four points of the compass instead of one ; in sheltoring his bronohial tnbes «t night time with tho latest thing in respirators from fogs, said by fog-scientists to be com posed almost entirely of asthma, catarrh and consumption ; when he linds himself growing into a compel on t authority upon the subjects of neuralgia and. tho minor branches of rheu matics, und able to repeat from memory whole circulars of advertisements of tho virtues of this and that quack remedy for tho above ailments; dually, when ho gives himself a little rest from these exercises, and devotes au hour to retrospection and comparison between climate us it is and climate as it was said to be, then that man is prone to say at his leisure what David said in his haste, that " All men are liars," and to wonder why there should bo such marked and unanimous mondacity about the climate of California above' all other sub jects. And then, perhaps, after a morbid consulta tion with himself as to whether one placo is not as good as another for a person to die in, he packs bis travelling bag, starts out aimlessly for ' somewhere or other, " and presently brings to in Los Angolas. And then it is not many days cro be is as ready as any other inconsistent sou of Adam to dcclaro inconti nently that in all tho vvido world tllero can bo no cliniato equal to the glorious climate of California. Indeed it is a pleasant place this city of the Angels, and something there is both in place and weather so familiar, so remindful, that it makes us home sick. Its slrocts climb all over its beautiful hills like Omnaru and Auckland and dear Duuedio ; tho soft, pure, yet exhilarating breath of its spring lime brings back Victoria In spiinc, when the witiSc gold trctublcs HI Ei Twist shadow und tshhn\ aqU each ilow-l«tlen nir»Urau£bt resembles A lone draught of wluo. Something in the drowsy quiet of long, dry summer days and in the odorous breath of the gum trees that stand drooping uudor the passion of tho sun curries ouo had; o'er tuno and tide, and ouu lives again in the summer of youth and the dulo : Jojhuui of shingle and weatherboard "in tho bash" ev the laud wo love. Closing one's eyes and listening' to the light whisper of- loaves und the "tsip! tslpl " of tho little brown locust, who seems to have followed his idol, the gum Ireo, even to this , far fair country, ouo might almost forget ono had ever wandered, that one's teat is pitched under foreign skies, und " a long, long way, that Monindlo .' " Bui my brother, the gum tree, takes kindly enough to his exile. Almost every street in Dos Angeles is au avenue of eucalyptus aud the nativu pepper tree, and uochiug could bo prettier than their conarust. Tho sombre green und delicate grey-blue of tho oucmukeau admirable foil for the vivid and varied tints of the other. Tho pepper is very Iiko the English willow, only a little less "weeping" iu its aspect. It has a prettier foliugo, its leaves growing almost like fern leaves, ih feathery branches aud sprays of brilliant light groeu, with huuehos of rod berries plentifully inter mingled. The spread of tho popper tree is immense when not hindered by pruning, us is neecssary iu tho streets. A full growu pepper could easily shelter 20 or 30 people from 11 summer shower ; hut, growing iu a land where summer showers aro rather more roro than earthquakes, it -has not often a cliauce to servo tho public in the capacity of umbrella. The eucalyptus is iu great and deserved repute iu tiiis country as a new and important factor iu therapeutics. Now virtues aro being con stantly discovered iu it already it is iu goueral demand as a balm for wounds, a euro fur coughs, a remedy for rheumatism, and a sove reign healer of humanity's aches and pains. It is planted for timber forests, und for the re demption of malarious land ; it is iu popular favor as a thing of uso aud beauty in the streets. AU hail, dear compatriot ! Glory and fame await thee 1 I know a little old man of 84 who frips about with more agility than many of bis half, century jauiors, aud lie boasts that ho owes his health and juvenility nil to the eucalyptus. I was un older iaaii iit 62," lie says, : tip.ooiug blilhcsomely before you, " than I um now — far older. I was sick ; I had rhenmatiz ; 1 was creaky and croaky ; in fact, I was old. And then I took to eucalyptus (ho never calls it ' gumtree," Americans seldom do) " aud see what it's dono for me. I live ou eucalyptus — lint on it ; and I am a younger mau to-day than I was 20 years ago." He carries ever about with him the pungent sceifeif- the tree ( " triple essence of tomcats " I have heard an irreverent Scot call it), aud he tries anon to sell you a box of eucalyptus pills, price 50 cents. Not at first sight docs ouo get any fair idea of the beauty of Los Angeles city. Skirting a tract of ilat and unlovely marshy land ere the train reaches tho railway station (called depot bore, with au almost incrediblo variety of prouounciation), and afterwurds careering along a dusty and dreary road iu a one-horse tramcar, ono's first impressions aro the reverse of pleasant. From the untidy, littered, unfinished looking neighborhood of the depot the dusty road runs on till it becomes u street, witli low roofed adobe dwellings, just like wattle aud dab, ou either side, housos bearing tho marks of u century's wear aud tear, yet held eligible for habitation still evidently, for dark skinned women and swarthy men lounge lazily iu tho door ways, and olive tinted olive branches play numerously in the gutters. Thev are a hall- bred race of people, mixed Spanish uud Indian, or Mexican, and, iiko the kuuscs they live in, are relics of a bvgoue age. About both is au air of indolence und neglect, as if life were uo longer a thing lo look pleasant over. I saw nothing of beauty or good cheer anywhere uuiougst them. At the cud of this dab and wattle thoroughfare is a plaza, a small circular port set chiclly with ry presses, stiff, prim and crop haired, like charity children, llow strange that people ever should like to disfigure a tree so. tsuuih and cast of the plaza is another street of abode, spreading out at one cud into a somewhat picturesque square ; eri- denllr this was once au aristocratic quarter, and now every dwelling in it is tenanted by Chinese. Such quaint little houses, with whitewashed walls and green shutters nud odd little porches aud balconies — about as large' us an easy chair — from which in tho twilights of a dead century dark-eved scnoritus fiashod fascination from behind their fans on passing cavaliers. And now, John, John, the nbiqcilons, the nscfni, the multitudinous, the unwelcome, yet indispen sable. John is in full possession, carrying out, wherever time has wrought damage upon these ancient Spanish homes, his own graceful notions in architecture, wiih bits of string and scraps of old kerosene cans. Hoof aud balcony, porch and piazza, pillar and post, all aro adorned and embellished with tho inevitable clothes-line and washed linen. They were not a Tory wido awake people, those old Spaniards, else they had not existed in indolent content with their own primitive ideas aud conditions for so many ages. They were nut a brisk, or busy, or lively, or "smart" people — uo: hut oh, they wore were a prettier people, iu every sense a prettier people thau these yellow skinned, pig-tailed washerwoman invaders, whoso habits are so obstinately foreign to onr own, and whose ideas of beauty and overy other_ subject have, in our eyes at least, nolhiug that is lovely or lofty about them. Is it iu the necessity of the survival of the fittest" that theso uncomely Mongols arc planted there, with their striug-aud-tin-can patching of worn places, their clothes lines and indecent spread of wuslied linou, iu and all over the houses built a hundred years ago, aud lived in and loved by generations of descendants of one of (ho proudest aud grandest races cn Europe ? The very sight of them there is an offence against ono's sense of tho eternal fitness of things ; if perforce deserted by their early owners it seems that these houses might huro been left to a graceful ruin, peopled only by the ghosts of past lives and dead interests. For half a century Los Angeles, like the sleeping beauty of fairy land, entranced awl Inert, lav awaiting the advent of the Prince. When he came, it was not. to awaken her with a kiss, but- with sword and Tiolcnco. Whou America had wrcstod her ov.-n soil hack from the people in possession, tho maiden, distressed and dishevelled, lay down to slumber again, not to tho deep sleep of tbe old time, bat to a dozing and - awakening that alternated un certainly until near upon the closo of iho lirst century of her existence. Los Angeles is exactly 105 years old, being for mally founded as l'ueblo do Nnestra Sonora do Los Angeles, City of our Lady of the Angels, by Phillip do Neve, then Governor of Califor nia, on the' 4th of September, 1731, when the legitimate Prince Prosperity cirnio gaily along, touched tho fair slumborcr's lips und eves with the proper historical kiss aud secured her (rue awakening, and still iho old indolence has rested upon her, aud she has dawdled and yawned ever and anon, while the precious years slipped fay, but now, within tho last half dozen, slio has aroused to u new sense of tho value of time ; tho has shaken off tho spell of dreams, she opens her large eyes wide, stretches her long strong limbs over hill and'.dale, her city heart throbs with a now livo force, and as if in a passion of regret over lost opportunities she turns all her attention to swift aud sure development. Sho will show the world what she is made of. Never heard I a voice, save one, that spake not in admiration of Los Angeles. To the owner of that one dissentient voico 1 said, " .Why then do you stay bcro if yon do not Iiko the place ? IF, as you say, tho heat of tho day makes you perspire too much, aud the cool of iho evcuiug puts you to tho trouble of donning warmer garments ; if tho dust of some street covers your shoes, aud you cannot cross the watered places without getting iho soles muddy, and there is no ' stylo' in the place ?" (for of all such trivialities were her complaints made up. Tho lady was from Chicago, had lived iu- that city sinco " before the Fire "). Her .answer came promptly, and with that rising inflection of voice that makes so many American voices, of both genders, so unplea sant to the British car, "Why do I 6tay ? Why, because I can get 18 per cent, for my money here. I'vo brought every dollar I could raise, aud 1 tend to my investments myself ; it pays mo to. 1 never got abovo 12 per cent iu Chicago, aud then 'twas risky. Ob, this place is good enough for iuc — iu some ways — 1 guess." It was comforting to find that even sho discovered some attractive feature to com pensate lor aU she disapproved of. 