ECHOES OF MELBOURNE [By The Ghost.] Chaos still reigns in the political world, for although Messrs. Service and Berry have returned- from the Federal Council, and have put in an appearance at their offices, these veteran politicians appear loth to bid a long farewell to all their greatness, and still lag superfluous On the stage. As a consequence of their retention of office and the delay in the reconstruction of the J&iniBtry;, aspirants tor parlia mentary honours find themselves in' a somewhat awkward quandary. This is especially the case in regard to the older members of the Assembly. Every member thinks in his heart of hearts1 that his talents deserve the recognition of a grate ful country, and that he is not entirely out of the running for the portfolios to' be scrambled for; arid, therefore, however muchhe may be opposed to a continuance of; the coalition, is 'most guarded in his censure in regard to a' combination of1 which it is not impossible he may become' a com ponent element. This policy of dangling the bunch of carrots lief ore expectant office seekers is doubtless/astute, but calculated to lead to unpleasant consequences in the future; and to place Candidates in a false position-- 'before''- their ? constituencies. When the ' names' of i the proposed Gillies Daakin Government'! are ?' announced it is , certain that the coalition will notbeso generally favoured ad it appears' to be at present.' The ranks' of' its opponents will, of 'course, be swollen by all the honbu'-ablev gentlemen-left out of^the- team, and l';ose/ 'added to the gentlemen ? who have openly ! declared ' themselves5 ? averse' to 'the fbrma 1 tibri qfariyi Government excepting one1 oon-^ struoted on strictly party lineB— and per haps some of the, dispossessed holders . o: Beats: in the Servico-Berry Ministry— will assuredly remove the .Teproach levelled at the' late Parliament of possessing no Oppo sition worthv of the name. The socrat as to the members tb be 'selected by Messrs. Gillies' 'and1 Deakin has been well kept,; so ,woll in fact that tlie name ,of ,' every, present member of, the Assembly, excepting, perhaps, those of some half dozen, have been mentioned as the 'coming man.' There must: bo at 'least : some forty or more disappointed ones, who will, perforce have to remain satisfied' with' ; their J33OO '; per 'annum and a' seat in,' some other part , of the House ,'than the front bench on ' Mr. Speaker's ' right bond! Mr. Berry leaves the colony on the 25th inst., having booked himself and family, by the P. and O. steamer Eome; sailiriglbn that date. - He ? is,! ' it is said, tb be entertained at a farewell banquet by his late : ' constituents ? ,at ' G'eelpng; : ; However willing' the' guest: iiifiy 'lie 'to' accept.' the htispitality of tlie';Greelqngese,'it is doubt-; fill wlipthei1 th'e ' Amt-hvti%i6ns '?, are eau'allv ready to proffer, it,, and it isnoi improbable ,'the number of' the :iateiChief:.Secretary's .^.friends! and admirers' may prove so small 'as to render the proposed ' demonstration a fiasco instead of a compliment; ' There is an opinion' prevalent ;that ;Mr. . Berry, like 'mbst/'patriqte;' hasldone1 remarkably well 'for .himself, his sons, '. dia,nghters, ,'sis'ters,| ,cousin3,;and aunts, and that the. colony has; already amply repaid .? any services ?rendered by the^author :of i' Black Wed- 1 nesday '' and 'broken : heads and houses in' flamesl' ' By the! way,1 :'w ill hot the hph.; gentleman;1 be in. his .'element .in' the',(3bn-! ;genial'atmqsphere of Trafalgar, Square,?! ...jHow truetitis that 'I'th'e' evil men do, lives; :afterV,thein''.! :,,One of the legacies left ,to| the icountry by Messrs. Berry and: Service is the appointment of their complaisant Attorney -'General, to' a Supreme Coiirt judgeshipj -Mr. Eerferd made. his debut on the Bench afew days ago,' aiid so' utterly: disproportionate .were the,' sentences and the offences for, which they were.iriflicted, that petitions; have been forwarded , to; the' Executive, .praying for their, alteration. This:, is. certainly; not 'an auspicious ^bpgin-; ning to^the new judge's career; '? It is said that while7 the; Bar feel somewhat' hurt that ' a briefless' barrister ', should;'' have; been awarded brie of 'the highest 'judicial ? positions' in the colony, .they, console thein-| selves with the reflection that his decisions on points of law in civil cases will. result in: a plentiful! crop ;of appeals, arid- thiis ? bring - grist to the legal mills. Evidently, with gentlemen of the long robe .the inter ests of the public are entirely a secofldary, consideration.' ,., ' ,.' '. . . '', .',' ['?:)''- '?-. \ ' As a set-off against the universalpiaeans of . praise - raised in honour of, ;Bishop Moorhouse, one , ; of ?,- his ?« clergymen — .rendered -bold :by. a large family and; a smau salary ? nas ? -aenounueu the episcopal dignitary in somewhat strong s language from the vantage ground of the 'pulpit, and has,' moreover,, when 'inter- viewed'1 by the.' inevitable reporter, of a Metropolitan evening journal, repeated in cold, blood .the. accusations against his superior. What notice,, if any, Dr. Moor house will take of. the ungracious breach of church discipline remains to be seen. As we have not in the ? colony any Court of : Arches before which offenders . of the Watson typo can be hauled, and any pro ceedings instituted by his Lbrdship-elect ; of Manchester woxild infallibly give the ? ueniiqueuij luu uouoiiuu^.ue ia a.^ijjaiciiuij' ? desirous of courting, it is not improbable that the ?matter will be allowed by tlie Church of England ecclesiastical authori ties tb pass 'without comment,1 and' the: utterances of the Brunswick incumbent be treated as the emanation of the brain of a garrulous, querulous, and disappointed old man. But there are nevertheless a number of people who hold the opinion that there is certainly a substratum of ? truth in the denunciations of the Rev. John Watson. The arbitrators appointed on behalf of the Wharf Labourers' Union and the ship owners of Melbourne have after a long, patient, and exhaustive, and — as they sat at their last meeting from two in the after noon until past four the next morning exhausting enquiry, given their award in the recent dispute. It has been framed on the 'eive and take' principle, and although the wharf labourers take a great deal and give very little in return, it is Baid they are not satisfied with their victory, and that another strike is looming in the not far distant future. To be forewarned is said to be forearmed, and as the coal merchants, the railway authorities, and the gas companies are taking stops to protect themselves against any sudden emergency, a resort to extreme measures so soon after a settlement.so advantageous to 'the work ing man' would assuredly alienate the sympathies of all fair-minded people, and perhapB end in a manner less satisfactory to' the strikers than the quarrel just patched xip. If, therefore, the wharf abourers are wise, they will follow the advice given in the time-honqui-ed proverb which enjoins letting well alone. 'One, .'.at least, of the measures of .the session upon which the Ministry can look back with satisfaction reflects but little credit on its legislative parents. The much vaunted Licensing Amendment Act,tinkered by teetotalers and publicans alike.turns out to' be full of unworkable provisions, and will require an amending act before it can bo brought into full: operation. And one of its effects seems entirely.to. have been overlooked by the sapient f ramers of the measure.1 The owners and occupiers of unremunerati ve ' hotels can combine with the temperance1 bodies 'and/' .under 'the local option clauses' of, the act; close the non paying houses' for' the 'express purpose :o£, [obtaining .'compensation. ,'Iipi many localities! 'this 3 l}tt]eJi gajffej^^ and a harfdsome*b'onus will be received by the dispossessed ones for giving up a losinjy business. In their eagerness to legislate the liquor traffic out of existence the tae total engineers have been hoist with their own petard. Evidently many worse things could happen to the publicans of Victoria than being 'turned out of house and. home.' ' Yet another strike ! This time it is the painters and house decorators of Mol : bourne and suburbs, who require more pay for less work than they at present perform, arid who if their demands arc not. acceded, to will leave our abodes paintless and paperless. They have no doubt been actuated in the course they have taken by the success of the plasterers/who now work only five and a half days in each week and condescend to receive six days' full pay. Sooth to say, tho; colony of Victoria looks upon ' this {.latest development of ' tho ?'striking mania' with a good deal of placid unconcern. People appear to enter tain, the idea that they could still manage to exist, even were their abodes to remain unpapered and minus the orthodox '. three yutlfUO Ul LUlUUllU^i JLllUJ UUUXU JJOXIiUJ^'3 sympathise with coal-heavers, and uphold the : corporation labourers in their desire for less labour and increased wages, but just as Dickens's barber drew the line tit, chimney sweeps, so do the public here draw, the line at paintora. '. li'or even :in Collins-Btreet ladies could manage to get on without paint. . . : February 13. 