SALE PRESBYTERIAN CHURCH. CONGREGATIONAL MEETING. A meeting of the congregation of the Sale Presbyterian Church was held in the church building on Monday night, when there was a large attendance. The Rev. J. G. Wilson, moderator in session, presided, and prior to explaining the purpose for which the meet- ing had been called, delivered a brief ad- dress, dwelling chiefly on the efficacy of prayer. In the course of his remarks he said that he could not help feeling, when he occupied the pulpit in the Sale Presbyterian Church a few Sundays past, that the prayer meetings held there were badly attended, and he could assure them that if they desired to prosper as a congregation, and to be in- dividually spiritually healthy, they must not neglect the " assembling of themselves to- gether, as the manner of some is," for had they a congrcgation where prayer was neglected, and also in the families, it would be a lifeless one, and one in his opinion that would be a drag upon any minister that God might send to them. If, on the other hand, they wished to help that minister effec- tually in his work, they must needs be men and women of prayer, filled with the Holy Ghost andl faith. Gabriel himself, he re- marked, might preach, and souls would not be saved in a congregation that had for- gotten the way of prayer. The chairman then proceeded to state that they had met for the purpose of moderating in a call to a minister for the Sale Presby- terian Church. He explained the mode of procedure to be carried out in voting for the candidates, and he trusted that what- ever remarks were made would be made in the most courteous manner, and that those who had occasion to speak would refrain from saying anything of an offensive cha- racter. He then read the form of call. Mr Stuart proposed the Rev. H. J. Robert- son, and in doing so referred to the qualifi- cations that gentleman possessed, and which were, in his opinion, such as would enable him to fill the position worthily. Mr D. Nicolson seconded the proposition. Mr Stocks proposed the Rev. G. M. Connor, whose nomination was seconded by Mr M'Bratney. Mr Stocks remarked that in his opinion, Mr Connor was most fitted to do good to the congregation, and he was the only one they had heard who took the young especially under his notice. Mr Harkness nominated the Rev. J. M'Laren. The proposition was seconded by Mr Leslie. Mr Wilson nominated the Rev. J. A. Stuart. This was seconded by Mr Mills. There being no other nominations, the voting was proceeded with, and resulted in the selection of the Rev. G. M. Connor to fill the vacant charge. Mr Connor's name having been inserted in the call, the chairman said that it was necessary to appoint three commissioners to take charge of and obtain signatures to the call, and to appear at the next Presbytery meeting. Messrs W. R. M'Lachlan, W. Bearup, and J. Gerrand were appointed to the office. Messrs Bearup, Ross, M'Bratney, Weir, and W. M'Donald were then declared duly elected to fill the vacancies in the committee of management. The benediction having been pronounced, the meeting terminated. Many persons, however, remained to sign the call. 