THE Y.li.C. EACES. DERBY DAY. Tho racing on Saturday commoncod ] with tlio Mclboumo Stakes, in popular estimation one of tho most interesting j evonts of tho meeting. In a field of ton horses, Isonoiny was favourite, but Boolka ran in something liko his best form, and the judge was unable to separate the two, ! Bravo finishing next to them. In tho run ■ off Isonoiny won. Hexham was favourite 1 in a field of 12 for tho Hothain Handicap, 1 but tho race was won with almost rid!- ' culous ease by Claptrap, tho favourite being second, and Lancer third, hirst Prince, who was pretty freely backed, fell early in tho race. All the probablo starters, IS in number, saddled for the Maribymopg Plate, Mr. White’s filly Lava being a strong favourite. Hortensc, ' winner of the Great Foal Stakes at Caul- ' field, found her penalty no great incon- ' venienco, and she won in fine stylo, Huntingtower boing second, and Bedouin third. Thoro wore seven startors for the 1 Derby, Trident continuing a firm favo- 1 rite. Volcano made a pace for him, but 1 Chesham was going so well as the horses 1 entored on tho last half mile that it 1 seemed that the favourite would suffer j defeat. Trident, although galloping sluggishly at first, responded gamely to ' his rider’s final calls, and wearing down \ Chesham, who tired at the finish, won by 1 a couple of lengths, with Aglaos a bad ! third. For the first time tho winner was ' decorated with the blue ribbon after tho race and led along tho lawn. For the ( Selling Eacc the Ghost was favourite, but 1 Huron boat him easily, and the owner of 1 tho horso had to pay £2110 to got him 1 back, tho wholo amount going to tho club. For tho Coburg Stakes Tho Nun was freely backed, but a light-weighted outsider in Daystar won, the other places being filled by St. John and Hogmanay. MELBOURNE CUP DAY. i The racing of the second and most impor- j taut day of the Spring meeting of tho i Victoria Pacing Club 02)ened with the ’ Hurdle Eaco, of threo miles, for which - Blue Mountain, from the Darling Forest ] stablo, was made a strong favourite. Sir i Launcelot, another Ballarat horse, made i tho running for tho greater portion of the ( journey, whon tho favourite joined issue, i and woii with ease. Ocean was second, i and beat Encore by a neck. Tho Bailway t Handicap, of six furlongs, was won by £ Pocahontas, the favourite, with Albanus i second, and Toronto third. The Kensing- 1 ton Stakes was won by Mr J. "Wliite’s 1 Sumatra, Eckorsley, tho favourite, being a second, and Mistletoe third. The fiUy i was sold for £510, or £210 above tho l selling price. For tho Melbourne Cup c thoro were 28 starters, Trident continuing 1 a film favourite up to the hour of starting, t At the first attempt the horses were sent a away to a splendid start. For nearly a t mile Silvermine led tho field, and then gave way to Hexham, who took them down to the turn. Horo Arsonal went to the front, and surviving tho efforts to reach him mado by both Trident and Silvermine finished tho winner by a long nock from Trenton, who came woll at tho finish of tho race, Silvermine boing third a longth further back. Tho Derby winner Trident was fourth, the 6ame 8 Since filled by last yoar’s Derby winnor— ordonfelt—in the Cup race. A,rsonnl A was not a good horso for tho ring, as he. 8 was takon in doubles with Ben Bolt and P Trident both in Sydney and Melbourne. 11 The double, Ben Bolt and Arsenal—5,000 ® to 5—goes to Sydney, and tho stablo gains ' about £15,000. The horse gave a very 0 poor • trial recently, and considerable 81 hedging took place. Tho Nursery Hand!- 8 cap was won by Huntingtower, the‘ South 11 Australian filly Perhaps being second, 11 and Bedouin a good third. The Yon Yean b Stakes brought the dav’s racing to a con- tl elusion. Tho Lovite beat a field of 10, ° and Hogmanay got home in front of the n favorite Eckersloy by three lengths for 8 second place.—A-iyitt'. “ 