Opera Doomed. JUST as Italian opera is about to be started here we read of its collapse at Her Majesty's in London. The scene described was something astonishing. " Faust" was being played, and the thing had gone all right until the close of the act, when there was a wait of some three-quai'ters of an hour. During this time the " gods" had been making things very lively, and at last when the curtain did go up it was found that half the orchestra had vanished, and that the scenes liad not been set. The principals tried to go on with the opera, hut the gods decided that it was not to be, mid the curtain came down on the most disgraceful scene ever witnessed within the walls of a first- class theatre. Soon, however, the, curtain rose again, and disclosed a group of scene shifters and supers. These explained that in consequence of the "ghost not walking" they were in a state of destitution, aud, holding out their hats, appealed to the audience for money. Coins of all kinds werethrown to them, and a general scramble took place. Finally the curtain came down on this disgraceful scene, and the knell of Italian opera was rung in Loudon. The reason of this is that people are heartily sick of the everlasting thread-bare operas that are given season after season. Something new is wanted. Gilbert and Sullivan knew this, and knew, too, how to supply it. If "Pinafore" and "Patience," &c.;, were put oil for about thirty seasons running, the same thing that has happened to Italian opera would surely happen. The man who had boiled for dinner for fifteen years wanted it roast just for a change. Sonic novelty, too, in the way of singers -is needed. Cracked voices and figures like liaybags won't draw. Mothers of large grown-up families ambling on to the stage and essaying the roles of young and injured virgins is a sight one does not "hanker alter." We can make believe a good deal, but we can't make believe all that. Then, again, it is as well to get a prima donna, at least, not positively ugly. Wo don't ask for professional beauties, but we don't want a woman that makes us scream every time we look at her. And perhaps it is not asking too much if wc demand that our tenors and baritones and bassos keep sober at least on the stage. And if there is to be a ballet, wo object to scraggy women with fixed grins and ropy legs doing our ballet for us. Shortness of skirts doesn't make up for ugliness of form and features. Altogether, if Italian Opera is to bo a success, it wants '* reforming altogether." 