Race for the Australian Plate. "Pegasus" thus describes the race, on Saturday last, for the Australian Plate, at 1 Eagle Farm :—As before mentioned, a long j wait ensiled before the start for the big event of the day—the Australian Plate—3 ! miles, and the horses paraded the lawn for J some time. Ajax was the first to appear, ! followed by Pirate, Petronel, Yabba, and Phoenix. He supporters of Ajax, Pirate, and Petronel were all very confident of success, and though Yabba had some admirers, Phoenix was utterly neglected in the paddock. Yabba cat out the pace in capital style for over two miles. Petronel was the first of the favorites to cry enough. The extra, mile seemed a bit too far for Pirate, and when Ajax beaded Phoenix half a-mile from home, the race looked over. However, the outsider soon went to the front again, and was never afterwards headed, passing the post first amidst the most unwonted excitement. The book makers were jubilant, throwing up their head gear, and kicking them about, which plainly testified that some of them bad per formed tbat pleasing operation (to them) called "skinning the lamb." Backers looked, on the other band, grave and glum—for all the doubles were spoilt and all the fat in the fire. Alas for the uncertainly of the turf and human expectation— Hope tells a flattering tale, Delusive, vain and hollow. Ah, .let not hope prevail, Lest disappointment follow. If there had been a thundering lot of hope before the race there was evidently an immense, amount of disappointment after wards, and though the " hope that springs eternal" will doubtless bring up the hunters for the next big doubles in April and May, yet it will be some time before the defeat of Petronel and Pirate will be sufficiently digested. There was certainly little to choose between the appearance of the favorites, i^irate loo&ea; none tne worse ior his Cup victor*, while Ajax looked particu larly strong and muscular, and Petronel; seemed abail of muscle, aud as fit as hands could make hiin. Phoenix, to tell the truth, I„did not look at before the race, passing him by on the other side as a horse without the ghost of a show. Though he only had 6st. 121b. to carry, he had run a severe race with Freedom in the morning, for the Spring Handicap, carrying 7&t.;, and this makes his Plate performance all the more meritorious. He is an aged horse, by King Cole—Ailsea, the dam of many winners of more than average merit Phoenix's beat performance hitherto was his defeat of Legerdermain some years ago, but he has otherwise been a rather uncertain if not a mediocre performer. Nevertheless, he his always run straight, and I fancy his win was as great a surorise to his. owner as to anyone on the ground. A pro test lodged against Phoenix by the rider of Ajax on the ground of crossing, was very properly dismissed. The rumors that France means mischief in Egypt have gathered strength all the week. Itis alleged that the French Ambas sador is about to make a formal demand—^-or to support Turkey in making one—that the British Government shall fix a definite date for the evacuation of Egypt. Russia is to endorse that demand, and then it is supposed Lord Salisbury, with Ireland, and Burmah, and Egypt upon bis hands, must yield. The Paris correspondent of; the Standard even I alleges that the advisability, of war ..with England has been pressed upon M. de ! Fk-eycinet, and plans drawn np showing how this country can be injured in the Mediter ranean. Malta, says another account, is to be attacked, and a corps d'arjn&e; landed In Alexandria. If any such plan is to be tried, Italy .will have her chance of retaking Savoy; i but in spite of the hectoring of the French Press, which even accuses us of stirring up China to quarrel with France about the position of Catholic converts, we are unable to-be lie ve the stories afloat. What have French peasants to gain by a war with England, or theFreochArmy.or the French holders-*>f Egyptian bonds? That M. de Freycin'et, -in Ms desirefor b Russian alliance may hayeagnaed to worry Great Britain, is probable enough; and also that he would fix on Egypt as the weak place; but the fit«p fronv that to a serious menace of war is a long ate. : One thing, at all events, the FrenchlPreniier may rely on. If he offers such a threat, the British people, little as they want Egypt, will insist on keeping it We cannot€ghtpnrope,nor is Egyptworth tbe effort; but jao fower short of Europe will be allowed & #n|»by menace. 