YOUNG MR. NIGHTINGALE. By the Author of ' Hobson's Choice,' &c.; CHAPTER 1XVI. — REACTION. I left the room. I found Mole on the land ing outside. ' What has happened ?' he asked. I told him that Sir Georee was ill — that he had fainted. I added that Propert was with|him. 'But yourself, Duke? Have you seen a ghost ? You're as white as a sheet ; you're all of a tremble ; your teeth are chattering. No, don't answer. Come down-stairs. Lean on me.' I was in a sadly confused state, with a feeling of sickness and giddiness oppressing me. I could see nothing distinctly. There was a painful singing in my ears. I only knew that Mole was supporting me in the kindest way, full of solicitude on my account. A little crowd appeared to have gathered round me. All were talking at once, and all at random, in a most bewildering way. So it seemed to me. 'Give the lad air,' I heard Mole say. ' Let's have room to breathe ;' and he opened one of the windows. I was reclining in an easy r-hnW in the dining- room. It had changed its aspects somehow. All the pictures I re membered to have seen there — the black, highly varnished oU massive frames — had vanished. There was a kneeling figure beside me, prof fering smelling salts, a woman — Rosetta ! Could it be? Yes, certainly, Rosetta ! How did she happsn to be there ? She had called to sit to Sir George, possibly. But her presence did not surprise me. Nothing sur prised me. I was as one dreaming. There was talk of sending for a doctor, for me or for Sir George. I knew not which. ' But you're better, now. You're beginning to look more like yourself,' someone said ; Mole, I think. ' My poor Duke !' Rosetta was smoothing my hair from my forehead, was bathing my temples with eau de cologne. ' You were scared at seeing him faint.' ' It wasn't that only,' I said. 'It's nothing. Hell be well again, pre sently;' Mole was speaking. 'Sir George I stopped him. ' Take care what you say. He's my father.' I saw that he interchanged significant glances with Rosetta. 1 ' And you didn't know it ? Never guessed it ? The news came upon you suddenly. Ah ! I see!' ' My Duke I I read it in his eyes long since — whenever he spoke of you — I was sure of it. And then there was a trembling in his voice, though he tried to hide it But I knew it must be so. And your mother — his wife ? Of couise, of course. Pardon me, my Duke. But why — no, no, that's your secret. I've no right to ask.' She pressed my hand tenderly ; there were tears in her eyes. Mole stood silently survey ing me, rubbed his chin meditatively. ' I always said Sir George was a strange man,' be muttered, after a long pause. ' I perceived a likeness from the first, ' a trick of Coeor de ^Lion's face,1 1 said. You remem ber? The line is in King John : act the first, scene the fiist.' They were very kind to me. Soon I re covered somewhat, and could stand unasssisted, though I still felt weak tremulous, and greatly depressed. Rosetta went her wiy, having first made enquiries concerning Sir George. He was going on well, Propert reported. He was sleeping quitely on the sofa inhis studio. A strange, shabby -looking old man bad been passing to and fin— haunting ns — now sitting on a hall chair, now peering ints the dining room. He wore list slippers, and was very silent in his movements. There was an air of mystery about him. ' Who is that ?' I enquired of Mole. He hesitated, and looked at me curiously. 'He's a model. He sits for artists. That's his profession.'' From his manner I knew that he was deceiving me. I said as much. ' Well, that's what I'm told he is. That's what I tell other people he is.' Mole answered. ' Can you bear to hear the truth ? Haven't you had enough of bad news — no, I don't mean that, either. But some scandal against Sir 'George is involved ; that is it would be «-atni«i if it wasn't true. I mean — indeed, I scarcely know what I do mean.' 'This man — who is he? Why is he here? What does he want?' ' If you insist, Fll tell you.' Jt seemed to me, that he was really anxious to tell me. ' That man is what's called, ' a man in pos session.' The fact is, there's an execution in the house. Don't start We're getting accus tomed to things of that kind. There was one in last week while yon were away. We got rid of it, and the pictures that used to hang here, at the same time. Now comes another. That's the plain truth— the still plainer tiuA being — shall I go on ? I will. Sir George is mined.' ' Ruined?' ' That's the word. It's been coining a long while. It's come at last. You remember our noticing, some time ago, that his band shook rery much ? If that had been all ! It wasn't. His elbow has been shaking too.' . I did not understand him. He gave a pity ing shrug. ' I must speak by the card. And yet there are so many flourishes of speech handy that would drape a little the ugly nakedness of the fact! Hush! Sir George is a gambler. The maney that comes by canvas goes by green baize.' He appeared much gratified by this fanciful method of stating the case. ' You understand ? Hazard, roulette, the dice box. That's the secret of his ruin, and of a good many others' besides. It should not be, of course ; but it is, and has been for some time past. Don't be angry- You would have the truth, you knew. He's rained. It's odd, but somehow I like him the better for it. He's so much nearer to me now than when he was rich. After all, what's wealth but a bubble. A bubble that hasn't blown much my way, however. I'm not a fair judge of it per haps. Mind ; I don't say he won't recover himself. He may. Easily. He's only got to work ; if he'll but turn on the tap, money will soon flow forth again. But — as I happen to know — he's heavily in debt, and he will go on playing ! Have you never wondered at his strange absence, at the late hours he keeps? Of course you have. Well, now you've got a key to the mystery. And then the opium ! A strange man, as I have always said. But I have pained you, I see. You're quite upset. You're little used to troubles of this sort. I am, and I can bear them. Especially other people's troubles. It's astonishing how lightlv they weigh upon me. But I'm talking idly. I feel for you, my boy, believe me when I say so. And go up- stairs and lie down for awhile. That will be the best thing for you. And try and sleep. I'll come up presently, and see how you are. Don't be down-hearted, there's a good lad. Life like's the Devil — never so black as it's painted, or so insupportable as it seems to be. And if I might recommend such a thing, a stiff tumbler of brandy and water, very hot. You'll find it afford very considerable relief under almost any circum stances of difficulty. It would even, I do be lieve, minister comfort to a mind diseased It's the real sweet oblivious antidote Macbeth asked for and couldn't get it. He flourished at a remote and uncivilised period, you know.' I was wretchedly 'unnerved and ill ; and for some days I was almost confined to my room. I slept badly ; I suffered from violent headache and feverish restlessness ; I was greatly Der plexed as to the course of conduct I should adopt in the future. At present it was clear to me, however, that I could not quit Sir George's house. I had no strength of mind or of body to take so resolute a step. I was oppressed with doubts as to my duty in the matter, the while I bitterly reproached myself for my own infirmity of judgment. I was miserable at the thought of decision being re quired of me. Should I write to my mother or to my uncle for counsel ? I could not. My hand refused to hold a pen ; my thoughts shrunk back from being set down on paper : became inarticulate and vague and halting at every attempt. I felt that I was unable to do justice to Sir George's explanations — to render them intelligible or to obtain for them the con sideration that was their due. I might be per emptorily bidden to part from him forthwith. That I could not do. Not because I felt for him the love of a son for a father, according to my ideal conception of such a love, but because I pitied hiui extremely, and my interest in him was most absorbing. So I lingered on in the Harley-street house long after I was well and strong enough to have quitted it. I was hoping for — I knew not what — but for some conclusion of this try ing condition of things to be achieved by chance, without any stir on my part. Sir George had recovered, I learnt, had even resumed work in his studio. He had made many enquiries as to my state of health. To Mole he had openly spoken of me as his son. His manner had been alert and energetic ; almost cheerful, I was informed. The man in pass - «ion had disappeared. Sir George had found means to satisfy the more importunate of his creditors. He appeared, indeed, to be well supplied with nioney^igain. He had been occasionally absent, and he still kept irregular hours. It was very late one night — or rather I should say that it was in the early hours of morning — when I heard, as I lay restless in my bed, the street-door close : and I knew that Sir George had returned home. For a while all was silence. Then came the unaccustomed sound ot some one mounting the stairs. It could only be Sir George. He was visiting his studio on the first floor ? No, he was still ascending. He had passed the second-floor. He was on the landing outside my door. Tlie handle was softly turned and he entered — a tall figure, wrapped in a long dressing-gown, and carrying a lighted candle, the flame of which he shaded with his hand. He advanced into the middle of the room, and then stopped suddenly with a start. ' You are awake, Duke ?' he said, gently. ' My boy, I did not mean to disturb you. I was anxious to know how you slept, that was all. You have been ill, you know, but you are well now. thank God. I came up last night, but you were sleeping soundly then, with a strange look of your mother on your face. I never noticed it before. It was fancy, per haps ; a painter's fancy ; we're previleged to be fanciful about likenesses. Tne room strikes cold — you should have a fire. Duke ; and they've given you but a thin coverlet, my poor boy.' He took off his dressing-gown, and spread it over the bed. ' That's better, I think. There,' I'll not disturb you further. Something I had to say, but it was not mucht You'll not quit me, Duke, stealthily without a a word ? You're sure ? I've been dreading that so much. My boy, it would break my heart — and I have a heart, so I find.' There was something of anguish in his look and tone, as he said this. ' I came to see that you were still here, to make sure ; it was that brought me, at least I think so. And to tell you, if I could, that you are very dear to me, Duke, my son. But, there is your mother to be thought of ; you will not forget her ; you will be true to her, whatever happens. I sub mit myself humbly to her decision and to yours ; only, when you can, think of me as your father. Say the woid over to yourself, again and again, until it becomes at last a thing to be believed and felt. Now try and rest. God bless you, Duke. Your mother has prayed that often, I know ; and surely her prayers will be heard, though mine may not.' He bent over me and pressed his lips upon my forehead. His tears fell upon my face. Then very softly he withdrew. His manner had been most simple and ten der ; scarcely a trace of his old artificial ait of courtesy was now perceptible. Yet a suspicion remained with me that he had not said all he had designed to say — that something occupied him to which he could not give expression. Mole's solicitude on my account was most complete at this time. It was by his counsel I undertook, so soon as I had sufficiently re gained strength, various excursions about the environs of London in quest of fresh air and new scenes. He was ray companion, escaping without difficulty from his duties in the studio, and labouring incessantly to cheer me by the liveliness of his talk, the while, in deference to my depression, he curbed his high spirits some what, and refrained from exuberance or levity. Nothing, indeed, could have been kinder or more considerate than his bearing towards me during this very trying period of my life. Mention of Sir George he prudently with held altogether. But he discoursed much of his own early life and its vicissitudes, hjg sense of the sufferings his profession had entailed upon him being much mitigated by a percep tion of its humours. He had plans for the future, confessing to weariness of his labours and position as a painter. He thought of visiting America ; not as an actor, however. That had been feasible once, but was so no longer, he admitted. But something in the way of stage management, he thought, might be open to him. Or he would go as secretary to — why not to Miss Darlington ? She had been offered an engagement in the States. She would accept it, of course, sooner or later. Kean was the first actor who boasted a secre tary ; but the thing was becoming common enough now. Rosetta must have a secretary. Could she secure a better than Fane Maui everer ? For in such case he intended to re sume his professional name. As to the ques tion of propriety — he understood that they were particular on that head in America — what did I think of it ? Surely, scandal would be hushed in the presence of his bald head. Or, if need be, he'd ' make up,' as a patriarch of a most superannuated description, and pledge himself never to wash the paint off his face during the whole sojourn in the States. Or he would even marry Bembridge — for, of course. Bembridge was going too. Miss Darlington would not stir without her. He thought her success in America would be quite unprecdented : he was convinced of it. They had never had anything like her in America yet. And— there was another thing — would I entrust him with a copy of my tragedy ? What did I say to The Daughter of the Dodge being produced in New York ? I could easily introduce a part for Bembridge ; something like the Nurse in Romeo and Juliet. A great success was really quite possible. He would do all he could for the work. Upon that I might confidently rely. If necessary he would even go on as one of the senators, or one of the bravos, he did not care which. The time had gone by for his appearing as the Doge or as Ludovico, although, a little while back, he felt satisfied, either part would have fitted him like a glove. Would I turn the matter over in my mind ? All this was part of his plan for comforting me. He spoke very tenderly of poor Tony's death and with genuine grief. He greatly gratified me by his cordial way of sounding the poor boy's praises. He had seen Yickery, it ap peared, and found him in a tolerably hopeful state. I judged that the old man still looked to saving something for Rachel out of the wreck of her father's estate. And with Vickery, he told me, he had dis cussed the question of Rosetta 's marriage. It It was clearly invalid. Lord Overbury's wife, the divorced Lady Wycherly, still survived. That was beyond question. Even had it been otherwise, where would have been the advan tage? Lord Overbury had no property in Scotland, where only his marriage with Rosetta could possibly have held good. Was it not better that she should be free from him and all claims on his part ? We had walked some distance along the western road I knew so well, from my journeys to and from home. Turning towards town, we stopped to rest at an old, red-roofed, gable windowed wayside tavern, that has long since vanished. It was part inn, part farm-house — much frequented by drovers and carriers, with straddling horse troughs and a swinging sign board in front, and spacious yards and bam-like stables in the rear. In its rude, old parlour, with wainscoted walls and sanded floors, we remained some hours. Mole, after his manner, made frieeds with its frequenters, for the rn^st part graziers, salesmen, market gardeners, and tradesmen of a humble sort. There was much animated conversation, smoking of pipes, and circulation of glasses. It was a dark night and late as ive passed down Piccadilly. We turned out of our way a little to the right, that Mole might point out to me ' Crocky's,' as he called it, the giant gaming club in St. James's-street. Suddenly he gripped my arm tightly, and drew me back. A figure, wrapped in an ample Spanish cloak, such as gentlemen of fashion then wore in winter or at night over evening dress, was de scending the steps of the stately mansion. ' Sir George,' whispered Mole. (To be continued.) It has been decided that a naval cadet who throws kisses at a girl is guilty of ungentle manly conduct. Quite right. He should carry them to her and place them gently on her lips. Joxes and Stiggins met on the street last Saturday. ' I'm going out of town to get a Sabbath calm,' remarked Jones, as they were parting. ' Better known as ' Sunday still,' I believe,' said Stiggins, quietly ; and Jones found just time to open a bottle before taking his train. Holloway's Ointment and Pills. — Health's Defences. None save the strongest can with impunity pass through the sudden transition from wet to dry, from cold tc muggy weather so prevalent during the autumnal and early winter months. Influenza, bronchits, cough, sore throat, or quinsey will attack those most watchful of their health ; but they can readily arrest any of these complaints by rub bing Holloway's Ointment twice a day upon the skin over the affected parts, and by assist ing its corrective action with appropriate doses of his Pills, This well-known, safe, and easy mode of treatment efiicently protects the in valid frrom present and future danger without weakening or even disturbing the systen in the slightest degree. £3' Mark Twain on Bad Mdsicans. — ' Have you pains in the chest and sides, and sometimes in the back ? Do you suffer with a feeling like a heavy load upon the stomach ? Do you feel dull and sleepy ? Does a sort of slime collect in your mouth, and in the mom ing there is a very unpleasant taste, the breath is very offensive, the eyes look heavy, there are cold sweats, you feel tired and sleepy, you have giddiness, headache, and a nasty sinking feeling? You have indigestion and the only cure is Cross's Indigestion Drops. Read his advertisement. American. Co.'s Bop Bitters are the Purest and Best Bitters Ever Wade. They are compounded from Hops, Malt, Buchu, Mandrake, and Dandelion, — the oldest, best, and most valuable medicines in the world and contain all the best and most cura tive properties of all other remedies, being the greatest Blood Purifier, Liver Regulator, and Life and Health Restoring Agent on earth. No disease or ill health can possibly long exist where they are used, so varied and perfect are their operations. They give new life and vigour to the aged and infirm. To all whose employment cause irregularity of the bewels or urinary organs, or who require an Appetizer, Tonic, and mild Stimulant, American Co.*s Hop Bitters are invaluable, being highly curative, tonic and stimulating, without intoxicating. No matter what your feelings or symptoms are, what the disease or ailment is, use Hop Bitters. Don't wait till you are sick, but if you only feel bad or miserable, use Hop Bitters at once. It may save your life. Hundreds have been saved by so doing. £500 will be paid for a case they will not cure or help. Do not suffer or let you friends suffer, but use and urge them to use American Hop Bitters. Remember, American Hop Bitters is no vile, drugged, drunken nostrum, but the Purest and Best Medicine ever made. Try the Bitters to day. Get at Chemists or Druggists. Beware of imitations. Genuine has Dr. Soule's name blown in bottle. 'Wells' Rough on Corns.' — Ask for Wells' ' Rough on Corns.' Quick relief, complete, permanent cure- Corns, warts, bunions. Moses, Moss & Co., Sydney, General Ageatsi 