CRUEL LONDON. A ROMANCE OF REAL LIFE. BOOK n. CHAPTER XIL A WORLD OF SHOW AND TWO LOVERS. By Joseph Hattoit, Author o! "Clytie,* "Christopher Kenrlck," &c.; " He taith to the enow, be thou on the eirth," and silence reigns over the vallev. The Bqaitrel seeks his sheltering nook. The quail, halting upon the wing, falls dead inthe canon. Glittering spears hang upon the mountain crags. The river pauses in its course. The trees moan in the night. The firs are black. They look like funeral plumes. The sky is a dull leaden pail stretched over the face of nature. The iriners of the Sacramento Valley huddle together and strengthen the timbers of their rude dwellings. Tney bid each other " Good night" with an extra grip of the hand. They feel that on the morrow many of their huts may be as far apart as if they were divided by mighty seas. The air is filling with feathery particles jof snow. The sky is being gradually shut out All the world is hnshed, as if hill and dale, listening to the Divine command, waited its solemn and sore fulfilment. " He saith to the snow, be thou on the earth." On the morrow an awful silence comes, more appaling In its stillness than the rash and war of a tempest. Dead silence brooaB over a world of snow. Trees of snow. HEls of snow. White mountain? tower up to an unseen .sky. Tae valley creeps in sno<ry undulations up to the mysterious rocks. It is the picture of a dead world, buried. A calm monotony of hill and dale, without a ragged edge. Every corner has -been rounded. Even the trees, which thrust their branches into the chilly air, have the moond- ; like form of all protrube ranees. It is a world of snowy hillockB, a mighty graveyard, with feathery plumes of snow that moult sprays of frozen Bwansdown. A world of snow. In a well-built hut in Decker's Gulch, \- among the lonely Californian hills, two miners sat by a glowing pine-log fire. The locality had been named after its fortunate owner, who had recently sold it to a party .of capitalists in San Francisco. The purchasers were to enter upon possession in the spring. In the meantime winter had seized the property and fixed ail icy seal upon its golden treasures. Tristram Decker eat propped up with skins and pillows upon a rude bench, with his thin hands in Jack Kerman's brawny fiBt, on the first night of the great snow of this winter season in the mountains of the Saccramento. A long poetic face, fall of lines and tokens of a hard life; blue sanguine eyes, a spare bony figure, long brown hair, " hollow cheeks, with a hectic flush beneath the eyes—Tristram Decker was the, wreck of a powerful young man. Our old friend Eer- - man, broad of shoulders, strong of limb, tall, stalwart, with his frank face half buried in thick whiskers and beard, was almost a cruel contrast to the nervous wasted figure of Decker, the enthusiastic lover whose face his persecuted countrywoman thought she had seen in the days of her loneliness and trouble looking at fcer over the hedge in the English valley of JEssam. . It was Christmas Eve. Not alone the •silence of the snow and the chance that they \- were both in a living tomb; but the time itself made tribute upon the best and noblest instincts of their nature. Tristram Decker believed he was dyins of consumption. He expected Uis end was near, though he continued to say he would not die until he had seen Old England, He had, nevertheless, his hours of depression, when he feared that physical weakness would exhaust his strength of wilL Tnis was one of his bad nights. He had been talking to Kerman about the end. He bad been sorrowing over the prospect of his companion being lelt alone in this wilderness of snow. "If 1 could only pull through until the weather clears," he said, speaking slowly and in pain, " it is hard after all your kindness to leave you by yourself; I've been a deal of trouble to you, Jack, but you'd rather have me stay lor all that, dear old boy.'' Kerman pressed the hand that lay in his as gently as it it had been a woman's. " I think," continued the invalid, " I think I shall have to go in a day or two, Jack, and 1 want you to get used to the idea of it; don't be afraid, as I should be if we could change places, when you wake some morning and find me lying still." "You're depressed to- night, I have put these thoughts into your head by talking about Christmas," Kerman replied. *' You must cheer up, old boy, it's the nature of . your illness that makes you gloomy, and instead of being cheerful and helping you to keep your spirits up, I've been dumpy and miserable." "'No, no, Jack, I think you are the best fellow in the world; they talk of the tenderness of a woman by a sick bed, but your gentle patience couldn t be equalled by any woman—except one perhaps—except one." "Ah," responded Kerman, "we never know how much good there is in a woman; fact is, we don't understand them; they're so .true and stanch that they go on being heroines, and keeping it a secret all the time somehow; I suppose a man is naturally such a selfish fool that he hasn't the heart or the sense to see what she's at." "Now you're thinking of Jane Crosby," said Tristram. " I'm always thinking of her." " And I of Caroline Denton." " God bless them both," said Kerman. "Amen! and amen !" exslaimed Tristram. . The logs on the fire settled down and sent a cloud of sparks up the chimney. Taey looked like a swarm of golden bees. " Your Christmas fire wants to join in our good wishes," said the invalid; "how fond you are of the fire, Jack. Tell me abaut your dear old country. It seems to me as if 1 had got to know England throngh this lire .of yours. I've livjd all my life in a land of atoves, and your fireside is like poetry to me, something in a story, like all your iSnglish history, with knights and 'castles in it, .and always green valleys, old'homesteads, .and dreamy moBS-grown villages. I wish I'd gone to England when I left Sew York— that is if I could have come across you in your own country." " You ought to have been a poet, Tristy," said Kerman. " What brought a fellow like you fighting Indians and digging for gold is a mystery to me." • Tell me about your English firesides, Jack," said Tristram, his eyes fixed upon the . red-glowing logs. " Perhaps Caroline Denton is sitting by one of them, I should like to think so, sitting with her grim old father! Ah, he was a hard oid man, was Secetsh .Denton, as they called him. It wasn't my fault that I was a Federal soldier—it was the chance of birth. A man can't help it if he's born iu the North ; everybody can't be bom • in Maryland cr Virginia. What we are born at all for is a mystery to me. But talk of England, Jack, the only place where it seems to me it's ever really Christmas. When_ I was a boy I always used to'look at the pictures in the books and papers my father got from England, and read the ghost stories ' and aboutthe yule logs and things, and the Christaas bells ringing across the snow. There's plenty of sncw here, Jack; -we only want the "bells, my boy, we only want the bells. I hope she has got a fireside to sit by, Jack, don't you ?" " i do, oldinftn; and I feel sore she has." "He said he'd sooner kill her than she should marry a man who had lifted a rifle against his beloved South ; and when I said if I had known him and his daughter I would have foresworn my birthright rather than have offended him, he only shrugged his shouldei s impatiently. How was I to know he and she were iiving away ont there in Maryland when I marched with the boys against the rebs ? You talk of beauty. Jack, you ebonld have seen that little Southern girl. Mv God ! And I loved her as if 1 made up f cr only knowing her a fortnight by sttiDg a life time into those fourteen days, £let's have a drink, Jack." " We will, old man, we will;" said Ker- -man, rising and fetching^ a bottle of braudy from a rough but capacious cupboard; "a jorum, a hot old glass of grog, Tristy, and we'll wish ourselves all the good things of the season." \- He hung a kettle over the fire ; he bronght forth glasses,and ajar iof limejuice. " I've s;ot one of my talking fits on, Jack; • it's rather rough on you; but you won't talk, and somebody must keep the came alive on \- Christmas Eve. Perhaps you'd like a hand at caids, Jack; let's play for the chest and . the claim, and the Gulcb, and the hat, and .the whole lot; that'll wake you up." "JS9, Tristy, cards will wake me up no u 11 1 "I'shall not forget the night when yon stood between me and that murdering thief at Sharks Nat'e hell; you're a braveleliow, Jack, you don't know how brave you were that n-jjht. You English fellows never do know. You ought to have been laid out that uijiht, .lack." „ " 1 expeist I did," said Kearman, measuring the brandy and limejuice, and pouring it into A i?Ytu S^vtd k? life, and how yon got oC •without a k*'iic it'your heart or a ballet in soar brain, hacg me if 1 know.' "Luck old man, luck," replied Kerman. <i jYi- co'ii" to walk about a bit," said m -r-VtVJVomica uu from his cushions aad Trisiiau-- teLEiDK ^ l„i., h rfiw th„ skits. " I'm going to help you Drew the ''""That's right;" "id ELsrman, "bravo !" Wetfc^nikeaWiJ Christmas of it yet. £Jet me the Euttar, Tibty. 