SPIRITED AWAY. (CHAMBERS'S JOURNAL ) Is There Chapters.— Chapter I. It was about eight o'cloca on a cenaio November evening in the year 188—, to found myself one of a nombsr of passengers digorsed from a train ou the platform o. the S: Paneraa etstion. I w.e jB.lt m _ > aa J akf 3 t7 Q tlifl firSb nmeteuu years oi sge, »uu time I hsd set focfc in London. had been a long and tedious one, and I was thoroughly chilled aud worn out be u 1 stepped cut of tbe carriage. I had started from hroie at fchs morning for a twelve miles' aik io the nearest station, and after that, had spent hour alter hour, first in one . - - i v fVinvi !n onntnr p for tDJra ciass — mv borne was in a remote district many miles from any main line to the metropolis. I may just add that I had but lately j recovered from a long illDesB, having out grown my strength -or so my friends I averred— and to that Dot some portion of tbe i weariness I now felt was no doubt attribute ; &bie.; j However, here I was at last, really and j truly, in London — m the great city. It was I tfce consummation of tbe dreams of my | youth, as it is cf tbe dreams of so many j ambitious, country-bred lads. I had no j luggage to detain me, tLe side article I bad brcn-'ht with me beirc a email handbag con- taining a few necessaries ; my portmanteau ! was to follow ic tbe course of a couple cf I days. As I was making my wa> toward? tne | exit-, I caught eight of the refreshment room. ! I had bad nothing to eat since morning but a S few busccits, and now the pangs of hanger began to make themselves felt. I pushed | open the swing-doors of the restaurant, and | going up to ihe counter I asked for a cup of i coffee and a couple of sandwiches. While I : was being served, I counted over again the i £13 all amount cf money in my purse and j asked myself whether I could afford to take a i c&b; to my destination. Why not walk? Tbe night was youDg, ani the stieet in which my j friend lived, being in the heart of London, ; could not bs more than iwo, or, at tbs most, ; three miles away. Besides, there seeaied a i rpice of adventure, something that would serve me to taik about in time to come, in finding my way, utter ttianger as I was, alone and by nigbt through tbe streets of London — those stretts about which I had read so | much, and had so often pictured in my | thoughts. I decided that- 1 woald walk, Here it becomes needful to mention that j my destination was the lodgings of a i certain friend, whose name, for (he ; purposes of this narrative, shall he i Gstcoigne. I call him my friend, and snob i he was, although be was fear years o!r?er than ; myself. We both were natives of the e&me; ! small country town ; his parents and mice were old friends ; and owing to (he similarity ; of our tastes and pursuits, be and I had been j much thrown together op to the date of bis leaving home to posh his fortunes in London, j We h&d; kept np an unbroken correspondence j after bis departnre; and now tbat my fatber bad lighted on evil days, and it beoame im- j perstive that I should turn out into tbe ! world, Gascoigne had at unce come to the j rescue- I must leave home, be wrote, and take up my quarters with him till he should | succeed in finding some situation that would be likely to suit me, which he bad little I doubt about being able to do in tbe course cf a few weeks at the most. And thus it fell ont that here I was in London. Ouside tbe station, I found & policeman, | from whom I inquired my nearest way to the 1 Strand, in a street off which thoroughfare j Gascoigne'e rooms were situated. The night j was damp and raw, with a sort of thin, wet j mi&t; in the atmosphere, which blurred the ; lamp3 and tbe lights in the shops a little way cff. and made the pavement greasy and an pleasant to walk on. But little recked I about tbe weather. I was pacing London etreets, and to me, fcr the time being, that was all-sufficient Tbe coffee had warmed me ; tbe fatigue I had feil previously was forgotten &s; I walked on ana on in a sort of waking dream. More ifc&n; once I bad to a?k my way, and more than once I wandered from tbe direct road ; but at length, after about an hour's walking, I found the street I was in search of, and iwc minutes later I knocked at tbe dcor of Nc. 16 My summons was responded to by a middle-aged woman — Gascoigne's L r'acy, si afterwards founi — who, in answer to my inquiry, informed me (hat my friend had been -called out of town two days previously on important busi ness, and was cot expected home till the morrow. I turned from the door with & sickiug heart, feeling more lost and lonely than I bad ever felt before. I was in the heart of the great Babylon, and knew not a eonl out of ail the teeming thousands around me. Presently, I found myself in the Strand again, and there I oame to a halt for a little while, gazing on a scene so fresh and strange to me. The glare, the uproar, the iatermic- fible tangle of vehicles, the hundreds of human being?, yourg snd old, rich and poor, pas&ing; ceaselessly to and fro, winding in and oat without touching each other, like midges Gancing in the sun— all these affected my spirits like a tonic, and in a ve>y little while put all my morbid fancies to flight. What tf I were alone in London without a creature anywhere that I knew — there were thousands of others in a similar plight. Gascoigne would be back on the morrow, and for this one night I must make shift with a bed at some decent coffeehouse or inexpensive hotel It was too early yet to think of turning in it would be time enough an hour hence to set about finding quarters for the night. I wsndered on, heedless whither my foot steps might lead me, my weariness almost for gotten in the novelty of the scenes whioh met my country-bred eyes at every turn As the decks were striking (en, I found myself on one of the bridges, gazing over tbe parapet at the black-flowing river as it : washed and swirled through the arches under my feet. A thick fog was slowly creeping ud and even while I was gazing at (he fringe of lamps ou'eome other bridge, its dark mantle closed round them and shut them an as com pletely as 1 hough they had never been. A few mmuteR later, the fog bad reached the %»ot where I whs stanaing, and had eauelit me in a damp, sickly embrace, which a wrv Tittee whUo suffiocd to chill me to the marrow. and blotted oat as completely as with a wet sponge all the seething world around me. When I began to move again after my haltf I realised for tbe first time how thoroughly weary and dead-beat I wag, and that I must no longer delay eeekb g cm a iolgicg for the ntghfe. Tbe fog w&, thicker., log fast, and it was impossible to see more than three or four yards In any direction. In my bewilderment, instead of turning back towards the Strand side of the bridge, ae my intention was, I seem to have unwittingly crossed to the Surrey sido, see'ng that, a few minutes later, I found myself in a maze of narrow, tortuous streets, io which gin palaces and- fried-fish shops seemed to be the chief places of entertaiomsot. I wandered on, turning from one thorough fare into another, feeling in that thick, black . fog more utterly lost sod bewildered, even in the streets of London, than I ehouid bsve done if set down at midnight in the heart of Salisbury Plain with nothing but the stirs to gaide me on my way. In the district in which I now found myself there eeemed to be no email hotels where a stranger might find cheap but decent accommodation for the night — nothing bot flaring taverns and low coffee shops. Three or four of these latter I passed which, even dead-beat as I was. I could not summon up courage to enter — they locked too enravoury an 1 repuleive to a vouth of couatrified tastes like myself. At length I cams to one which seemed more promising than any I had yet recn— cleaner and nsater in every way, so far as I could judge by peering through the win: ..v, Jj wa? merely a coffee ebop. v ith ecu c z i eLd e.ucers and a few muffin?, ttacak?:. &> d ctber comestibles in tbe witduw ; b-jt what bad more attraction for mc than anything else was the welcome legend, Gcod B-d=,' painted in black ie'tere on the 1a p cv r tre door. I hesitated no longer, pjibtdo en the swing-doors and entered. My first glance round pfcowrd c.: ih.t ihs place vrse one much frequcuted by fcrtucerg; and when the cafetur himself carre down the room t-; inquire my p'es ure. I ?&w; « once that, whatever el ce his n»n. ns,; nuk nt be, he was certainly not an Eg-iehman. Mv want? were simple — a clic-p sm some ccfLe. I pat the qaeslirn of bed iside for .Lie pre sent, till I should have seen maie of the place and its frequenter?. Tne cafiTiir answered me with much politeness, but in very broken English, that my requirements should at ones be attended to, end that, meanwhile — with a comprehensive wave of his hand — Ihe newspapers, English and frreign, were al the service cf monsieur. He did not look much like a ccffc-e house keeper, with his long grizzled hair, his high bsia forehead, his dark deep-set eyes, in esch of which glowed a spirk cf vivid fire, and his thin white kand? ; thr re seemed about him too much of the air of » man of breed ng snd eaco&tion; for such an occupation. He was still addressing himself to me, when there was a rudden irraptiou into tbe room of & little black-eyed, Ehort -haired, bullet-beaded waiter, French or Swiss most probably, in a black jacket and ehort white apron, who, dancing up tome, took possession of me at once, divined my wants in a moment, and pirouetted off to fetch me my coffee, pending the cooking of my chop, leaving bis master extinguished, eo to -peak, both morally and physically. Ah, Jean will attend to monsieur. said the latter, patting bis handB to hie eides and straightening hi? long, thin back. ' Jean, he is a good fellow, and will make monsieur oomfortabie.' And with that he lounged slowly away to a small counter at the upper end of tbe room, behind which he seated himself, and became at once immersed in she perusal of acme foreign journal. I was still looking at him, sitting with my arms folded over tbe (able, when my eyelids closed uoconseicnely, and I dropped asleeu as I sat — bnt only for a few momenta, for Jran was quickly at my side with the coffee and a roll, flicking some imaginary crumbs off the table with his serviette s.s a polite way cf arousing me. A draught of coffee imparted new life to me for a time, and I could afford to look round with some degree of cariosity. In all, there were about a dozen people is ths place. Two or three customers got up and went away, while others came in and took their places. Others there were who srerntd habita&i; fcequeotere of the place, and sat pi&ying; draughts or dominoes, smoking their cigarettes and sipping at their ooffte or chocolate between times. Only one here and there was English ; the rest of them were unmistakable foreigners of various types and nationalities, bat all readily recognisable as each even to my untutored eyes. Nimble- handed Jean was equal to the requirements of each and all. Seated at one of the narrow tables on the opposite Eide of ihe room, and faring the door, was a man who took my attention more than anyone there, the ca fetier excepted. He was a full-checked, heavy-browed man, not tall, but Btrcngly bailt, and with something of that added corpulence whioh eo often comes with middle age. He had close crcpptd iron-grey hair, whieh stood oat like a s;iff stubbie in every direction ; but hie moustache and imperial were jet black, and therefore presumedly dyed. He hd a rather thick aquiline nose, and he wore a pair of goid- rimmed spectacles ; but once or t ice I caught a glance ft cm bis eyes, which were ee®'8ey ®n colour, eo keen and piercing, that hiB assumption of artificial aid for them seemed somewhat of a mockery. He was dieseed in a tightly -buttoned black fro- coat, and wore a wisp of black ribbon round ms neck, tied in a formal little bow ender B ®rn0wn collar. His trousers were dark grey in colour, and bis feet were encased in a pair of broad toed varnished boots. His rather large plump hands were white and shapely, and his filbert nails were carefully trimmed. He looked eo superior to the general run of the other frequenters of the coffee-shop whom I had hitherto seen that be had an our of being altogether out of place. He neither spoke to nor was addressed by any one except Jean, who served him with his chocolate, but seemed immersed in the contents tiret of one newspaper wad then of another, several of which were eptesd on the table in front cf him. Still, cotwiih s-andirtg hia seeming indifference io svsry- , tiling that watt going on around him, n i tmprczsioo somehow got possession of m£ »o om eatond « UHta flu Without being keenly scrutinised from behind those cld rimmed spectacles, while more than once I had an uneasy conscious ness sbst I was the cbjscs who was being piioiograoued by that coldly penetrative gaze. - . Ae soon as I had finished my chop, Jean oame to clear the table, upon which I took the opportunity of eajing to him : I shall require a bed here to-night. I suppose you ( can find room for me ?' He siared at me for a moment or two in open -eyed astonishment. Then he said: Monsieur is mistaken. We have no beds for strangerB here.' ' Then why have you the announcement of "Good Beds" painted up on the lamp outside ?' I demanded a little hotly. Jean shrugged his shoulders. 1 Ah, that is a mistake — all at -once a mistake,' he answered with hie strong French uccent. The Englishman who had this place before Monsieur Karavic'n used to let out beds ; but Monsieur Kaiavicb, who has been here but two months, dees not. No.' At this juncture M. Karavioh himself appeared on the scene. He had come to ascertain what the discussion was about. He put a question to Jean in French, and the latter answered him volubly in the same language. Jean is right, monsieur,' said the cafetier to m8 in his broken English, which I bad some difficulty in comprehending, and with an air of polite depreoation. 1 We do not let out beds to strangers, the lamp shall be altered to-morrow, I am sorry — truly sorry, monsieur.' So am I eorry,' I answered, stoutly. 1 am an utter stranger in London, never having set foot in it till three hours ago, and I know no more where I am than the man in the mooc. Besides, think of the fog ! W'&i; am I, a stranger, to do, if I am turned out into the midst of it ? You can eurely find me a bed somewhere. I don't eare how humble it is — and it's only for one night. Put your head outside the door, monsieur, and see for yourself whether on saeh a night you would turn even a dog into the streets.' The cafetier spoke to Jesn in some language with which I bad no acquaintance. Jean replied volubly as usual. Then the cafetier spoke again, but this time his voice had an imperative tone in it each as I had pot noticed before. Jean turned pale, and replied, not in words, but by turning -cut the palms of bia hande and spreading wide bia fingers. It was an answer replete with significance. Turning to me, the cafetUr said, in hia slow, hesitating tones : I will find monsieur a bed. He ia a stranger and an Englishman, and claims my hoejntality ; that is enough for Fedor Karavioh.' I did not fail to tfcank him. He smiled 1-1— m « Ja mo n liffln or, wrmf ittiutiv, iHiiac LUC Q uvy:p wvu | uuvi v-vm I plowij- back to his counter. When I turned my eyes on Jean, be was scowling at me roost unmistakably. What could I possibly have dene to annoy tfce sprightly little man? The stranger with the gold spectacles ! pushed away bis newspaper? and rose $> go. : Jean helped him on with bis fur-lined over- cost, and as he did so, a quick whisper passed between the two. Then Jean left him. The stranger pub on his hat, end, coming down a pace or two till be stood close by tfce end of my table, he proceeded to leisurely button up his coat. I happened to look up, and our eyes met. The stranger Bmiled, and said in a soft, pleasant voice, in WblOb there was the faintest perceptible trace of a foreign accent : Pardon, but I think I heard monsieur say just now that he was a stranger in London. Is that not so ?' 4 Quite a stranger,' I replied. 4 I only J arrived here three hours ago, and was never j in London before.' I I was glad to have someone to speak to, were it only this pleaeaut-voiced foreigner ; it seemed in Borne measure to take off the edge of my loneliness. Again pardon,' said the other ; but moneieur would naturally find the fog out side rather bewildering? Ah, your English climate ! He would be puzzled, for issuance. ! to find bis way from this house to Charing ! Cross, or even to the nearest bridge ; is it not so V 'Faith, you're right there,' I answered with a laugh. 1 1 have not the slightest idea cf the locality of ibis house, nor even on which side of the river it is situated. But daylight will solve my difficulties in that respect.' i A L AUaA in a ni«OQ & f/sll.felfi ' aut bUO.ll UBJfitglJ# U a fiiVOS answered the stranger with the ghost of a shrug. 4 Bon soir, monsieur ; I hope you will sleep well, ana have pleasant dreams.' Again tbe same ioscruiab'e smile flitted : across hia face. Raising his hat sligbily, he pushed open the swing-doors, and passed out into the log and darkness. It was growing late by this time. Besides myself, there were only two customers now left in tbe place, who seemed still as intent on their game of dominoes as they had been when I went in. Summoning Jean, I asked to be shown to my room. I think the bedroom into which I was presently inducted was the very smallest in which it was ever my lot to sleep, while the bed itself was so short, that a tall, lanky fellow such ae I was might well wonder how hia lenoth of limb was to bo rmnlrefl awav in so small a oompaB?. On turning down the 1 bedclothes, the sheets and pillow- cases, to 1 my countrified eyes, accustomed to the snowiest of linen, looked far too dingy to be at all inviting, it seemed to me that they had not been changed for a considerable period ; but be that as it may, I had no in clination to trust myself into too close contact with their dubious purity. I was tired enough to sleep anywhere, and had I there been anything in the shape of an easy chair in the room, I would have made that my couch for the night. What I did was to take off my collar, boots, and coat, lie down on the bed, tarn np the counterpane over me on both sides, and lay my coat over that. Thousands in London that night had a far worse bed than mine. Leaving the end of oandle whioh Jean had given me to burn itself out, three minutes later I was in a sound, dreamless sleep. Chapter II. I awoke suddenly and with a start, having, while in the act of stretching myself, brought my foot into violent contact with one of the railB of the bed. The pain arising from the blow was so acute as to put sleep out of question for a time, so I sat up in the bed and stared about me; not that there was any thing to be seen, not even tbe outlines of the window. Everything was intensely still; scthe hours bad probably elapsed sinoe my coming to bed, and no doubt the inmates tf the house had retired long ago. The neigh I bourhood was a qijiet one, apparently some' distance removed from any main thorough | fare, as not even the noise of a passing oab or vehicle ci any kind broke tbe silence — nothing, in fact, save the footsteps of socse belated gedeetriaa, or, it b", those of a policeman going hie rounds. When my foot became somewhat eeeier, I lay down again ; but my train was in lull activity by this time, and I fell to musing over what I bad seen of London during my after-dark ramble, and to building cables in the future. I was as wide awake a > ever I had bc-tn in my life. As I lay thus, '.he black 8?1 nee was broken by the fsiut orek iug of a door, apparently that of the ro m next to my own. Was it merely o»cf chore unaccountable noises with which all watchers duriug the night season are more or lies familiar, or was It caused by human agency ? It was probably the cafetier or Jean stealing nniisiilv nnofc&irci; fcn hpr T hail nn mparts nf even guessing the time, and instead of being asleep for hours, as I had imagined, it might not yet be past midnight. Burglars would hardly care to visit so poor a domicile ; still, it was just as well I bad shot the bolt of my door before getting into bed. But, hush ! what was that? FootBteps passing my door, and then softly ascending the upper flight of stairs. Some one was certainly moving about the house But for whet purpose ? I And new, there was tbe scund of more foot steps following the firet. Dead silence for a I few momeote, and then footsteps again, but j so hushed and stealthy that it was only by I holding my breath and listening with all my I might that I could hear them at all. I What eou'd be the meaning cf proceed- I ings so mysterious? While I was still J puzzling over this question and debating J with myself whether my wisest plan wou'd I net be to go to sleep and trouble myself no I further in the matter, the doer of come room j overhead seemed suddenly to be bnrst open, j followed immediately by a heavy trampling j of feet, then a loud, sharp, inarticulate cry. I a pistol-shot, the sound as its were of a brief I struggle, ana then nothing but the low stern j tnoi? of eo- re one who suemed to be giving I ordi rs or instructions, ana after that, a minute I later, silence again the most profound. But I j was out of bed by this time ; and groping my j w.'.y to the door, I puehed back the belt- and J turned the handle, expecting, of course, that I the door would open without difficulty ; but it j refined feo yield to my efforts, and a moment 1 cr two sufficed to convince me that it was fastened from the ouiesde. I pulled at it with a'l my strength, and then made out that it was held merely by a rope, wbiob, yielding siigbtly to my efforts, left a epase o»s a c-ouple of inches between the door and the jamb. Planting one foot firmly against the wli. and 1 pulling opes the door with one hand as far as I I could, I felt in my pocfeeS with the other j h.nd, found my knife, and opened it with my teeih then, puahiog the iosg sharp blade j through tbe space between fha door and th9 J jamb, I out through the rope that held me j prisoner. A moment later I had bounded up j the stairs and had burst into one of the I upper roomB. guided by a narrow fringe of I light which shone from under tbe door. The | sight that met my gaze was. a strange one. I The room was of eensiderabs size ; and seated I on the edge of the bed, and only partially I /irccco. Vint V»nnr»< on«V rriron tno a t;na WUV WMUW OUW HO VUU cafetier, while no great distance away stood a group of five meu, in one of whom I at once recognised the stranger with the g<>ld spectacles, although he wore no spectacles j now j while anothe- was Jenc the waiter. The other three men I had never to my knowledge seen before. In the middle of the floor a revolver lay unheeded. The eyes of all present turned on me like lightning as I burst into the room. There was a moment or two of dead silence, then J the sfcraoger, whom for the future I will cali 1 M. Legros, in order to distinguish him from 1 the others— a though he was certainly not a J F enchman — strode towards me with a frown, and demanded by what right I had j intruded there. By the right which every man has to I intrude when he hears a cry for help and 1 believes there's villain, afloar.' 1 Ah, bah! you talk like a child,' he answered. 4 There's no viils.isy afloat here, young sir— cf that you may rest assured. We are neither thieves nor assassins. What we are in nowise concerns you. Since you have I chosen to intrude here, whare your presence j was certainly not required, you have only J left one course open to me. You must take J the consequences of your foliy,' He spoke a few words rapidly to the three strangers in a language unknown to- me: and, I before I knew what was about to happen, I I found myself seized, gagged, bound, and ttr&pped; down to a chair, as helpless as a I new-born babe. I am somewhat grieved to have to treat you thus,' said M. Legros to me as soon as I had in some measure recovered my breath ; ( but your own rashness has put it out of my power to do otherwise. I may, however, tell you this for year comfort ; no harm shall be fall you, provided you obey implicitly the 1 orders that may be imposed upon you. But | should you make the slightest effort to escape before the time conies when I shall be pre pared to bid you adieu, cr should you endeavour to at tract the attention of anyone, you may rest assured that that moment will be the last of your life. I pray you to take my words in all seriousness. We are here to do a certain thing, and not a dozen lives will ba allowed to stand in the way of our j doing it.' j His t- nes were low, but very stern ; his I keen steebgrey eyes eeetned to pierce me I through. 1 never saw a face on whioh determination and strength of will were more I clearly impressed. He was evidently a man j who, whether for good or ill, would keep his word. J I glanced at Karavioh. He was deathly;! I pale, but his eyes glowed in their cavernous orbits with a sort of gloomy fire, and there I was nothing of dismay or craven fear in the deep-seated gaze be bent now a d again on 1 his captors. Who and what was he ? What I was his crime ? What had he done that he should be thus seized and gagged in the middle of the night in his own house and in the heart of London ? Then, too, who and what were Legros and his confederates ? I alrnoBt forget my own predicament for a little while in asking my self these and similar | questions. Leg? o'j and the others were talking m I tcnea that- were scarcely raised above a whisper. When thus cortverr g aor.g themselves, both then and after r.Is, -hfy employed a language with whir.' L had r.o acquaintance, It may have be:., Russian, or Polish, or Hungarian. I bav. Little doubt it was one of (he three, but which one I did. cot k-v tb-n and I do not know to tbis day. Stride vy . Legros, after glancing st his va:«;n held up a warning finger, and silence at ouce fell on the group. Tfaey all stood .a.1 if listening for seme expected sound. A irmu"-"e I ter it o&me; — tbe s!. w, heavy ft'v -jip someone pasting down the street Cculd b be the - ittht policeman going bia rounds? Just as the taan, whoever he might l.-e, wss pa- tTsivig, L-gfog glanced at tb window. &cd; my eyes ?svoIuntariiy followed the direction of his. The wiedow was shaded sfith heavy curtains, now closely drawn ; she room was dimly lighted by a Rinoie eacdle on' . from the Btrect. even if the night had beⅈ a clear one, the house must hve seemed wrapped in darkness. The silence in the room remained unbroken till the last faint echoes of the footsteps outside had died away. As if this were a signal that had been waited for, all now became activity, Jean fetched my ooet, boots, and other articles from my bedroom ; the bonds that fastened me were unclosed, and I was told to at onca complete my toilet. A similar process took place with regard to Karavich ; but whereas, when be was fully dressed, his arms were at once strapped down again, in my case, by Legros' orders, the bonds were dispensed with. Both of us, however, were still gsgged. Presently, a noise of wheels was faintly audible, which momentarily grew louder and mere distinct. A long dark cloak, the collar of which effectually muffled the lower part of bis face, was hastil3r thrown over Kravich's shoulders, whi'e a \v.?e- brimmed soft felt hat was placed on bis head, Tbis done, be was coodaoted by two of tha mea from tbe room, and I heard all three deecetid tbe stairs. By this time, the vehicle, whatever it might be, the noise of which we had heard, had drawn up opposite the house. Half a minute iater, we beard it drive away, and presently all eoand of it was lost ia the distance. Had Karavioh been forced awsy in it? And if so, why, and whither was he be.ng taken ? But scarcely had I time to formu late tbeee queries is my mind, before the noise of approaching wheels became audible ior toe stuuuu uiue. a. uiuutt, bmm&r; 10 iuud in which the cafetier had been enveloped, was now thrown over my shoulders, and the collar turned up round my face. After a few whispered words of waroing from Legroe, I was told to follow him down-lairs as noise ' leselyaa possible, whioh I proceeded to do, the fourth man bringing up the rear. By this time tha second vehicle had drawn up opposite the door. The lower pars of the house and the shop were ia utter darkness. L'gros took me by the hand and guided me the way I was to go. Seme one — Jean, I take it to have been — stood by the outer door, and opened it silently as we drew near, and so, without a word, we tv>ree passed out into the street. The fog had thiuoed some what, but not to any great extent. The light of a lamp on the opposite side of the street showed like a faint blurred noint of flame seen from afar. A vehicle, which by that dim light had ali the appearance of an ordinary London four- wheeled cab, with a man seated on the box, was drawn up close to the kerb. So much I was enabled to 826, but no more. I was hurried at once into tbe vehicle ; Lvgros and the other man got in after me ; tfce door was shut without uoi'e ; the windows were drawn up ; Jean, whom we left behind, eaid somethiug to the driver, and a moment later we were being driven rapidly away. I was utterly at a loss to know the time ; but judgiug by the solitude of tha streets and tbe iufrequeney with which we encountered any other vehicles, it must have been still very early in the morning Even if tbe night had been a perfectly c'.csr one. there was nothing in our appep,rancc to attract the notice of the most suspicious of police- men. a cao containing two or tnree occu pants at an early hour in the mcroing in London streets is ioo common an object to call for a eecend glance from anyone who may encounter it. S\Te were a eilent party. None of us spoke after we entered the vehicle. My com pauions lay back with folded arms and their hats drawn over their brows. Whether they were asleep or awaka, it was impossible for me to determine. My thoughts had ample time tobusy them selves with any number of perplexing problems before our drive came to an end, which it did, as nearly as I could judge, in about an hour's time. We had got off the paved streets some time before this, and were cow driving over an ordinary macadamised road. Suddenly we drew up, and the same moment my two companions ucuauie uu tine aierc. Patdon me,' said M, Legros, as he drew j a silk muffler from one of his pockets, ' but | it is necessary that 1 should blindfold you for a few minutes.' Then he added : 4 Do implicity as you are told ; have confidence is me, and no barm shall befall you.' Some one outside had apparently opened a pair of gates by this time ; we went through, passed forward a little way farther at a walking pace, and then came, to a final stand. Before this, the deft fingers of M. Legros bad effectually bandaged my eyes. The carriage door was now opened, and one of my companions giving me his hand, helped me to alight, and then led me forward. There was an ascent of three cr four steps, and then I felt that I had passed out of the coid night air into the warmer atmosphere of a house. A minute later my eyes were unbandaged, and, better still, the gag was removed from my mouth. (to bb concluded next week ) 