Tjie report of the Ukoihtiiaii Gen'ehai, I on the returns of agriculture nntl live stoek for 1885 linvo been presented to I both House.? of Parliament by com mand, and a copy lias just been received I nt this office. In view oft bo distressing drought which prevailed during the year 1885, the returns arc particularly inter esting. They supply a largo and highly useful amount of information relative to tho live stock and tho progress of agri culture. In the" colony, in tho year 1885, there were 250,207 horses, 4,102,052 horned cattle, 8,994,822 sheep, and 55,813 pigs. Tho loss of stock during the year 1 885 was 1,81 2,094 sheep, and 298,175 horned cattlo. Tho Toowoomlia district shows a loss of it.nrdl head of cattle, and 205.224 sheen. Tho police district of Ch.orlevillo a loss | of 890,734 head of cattlo, and 700,042 I sheep. The police districts of Roma I and St. George a loss of 780,277 head 1 of cattlo, and 509,009 sheep. Tho j polico districts of Itockhnmpton, Spring- l sure, nnd Clermont, a loss of 21,117 i head of cattle nnd 289,998 sheep. Tho police district of Surat a loss of 40,820 1 bead of cattlo and 50,354 sheep. The 5 polico district of Cunnamulla a loss of j 68,148 head of cattlo nnd 42,049 sheep. ,r Tho polico district of Ipswich, which in- j3 eludes Crow's Nest, Esk, and Rosewood, j.l shows a loss of 22,280 head of cattlo. 1\. From the foregoing our readers can i realiso what heavy losses have licen sus- taincd by both squatters and selectors |i during tho disastrous year of 1885, and R to tlus will have been added the nddi- tional losses of both sheep and entile for tho first five months of 1880. Happily w J_ i1.« MAnili r.f Mnv fiinrn u'nsnclmilf'fl — 1U UM5 MIVillH wi ........ w.-.—o- i" in tho weather, which has continued up to tho present time, nnd gives overy f promise of one of the most magnificent I seasons tliat tho colony has ever laid ; hut from tho returns winch wo have E quoted it is evident that it will take En three or four years nt least for the ; squatters and selectors to recover from f tho effects ol tlio ingniim losses m i cattle and sheep, nnd whichjinvc brought, disaster nnd ruin to maiiy ail enterprising nnd industrious man, wlio, a few years ago, thought himself independent for tho remainder of his life.; Tlio agricultural returns are always of interest, iu-ns-much'ns they nfforil a very fair insight of tho- agricultural progress of the colony. These returns are col lected by the polico in the respective police districts of tho colony. Tho ofli- ccrs receive no ndmuoiml einoiiHiieni ior it the discharge of this cxtrndnty, and hence, g we are of tho opinion that these returns K oro not altogether quite so reliable as they jg ought to ho. Viewing tlm whole returns If of the various police districts, and par- i ticulnrly tliose in tho more closely settled t portions of tho colony, wo are of tho : opinion that they do not give an accurate ; statement of the whole of tho land rj under cultivation, or of tho total areas I laid down in grasses and in gardens and I orciiards. AVIioii it is home in mind t that nearly 7,000,000 acres of land linvo ' iiccn alienated, it will astonish our j readers to learn that tho total area f under cultivation in tho wholo of C Queonslnnd is only 209,130 acres, of which 10,790 are iicsernieu ... "land in fallow." It is, therefore, not surprising to loarn front the statistic) ' returns of tho Treasury that during 188u jjj no less a stmt than 45457, 000 was sent out of the colony for bread stuffs and farm fli ..roduco generally. "Wo, of. course,- W U:o tlio necessary nllowanco for the Wf v Jfistrous seasons, but even if the \ seasons were ever so favorable it is qmto Eg clear from those returns that tliere is not £ sufficient land under cultivation to grow H the produce necessary for the supply of H tho wholo colony. Comparing llio ro ll turns of 1884 with that of 1885 \ve imd H at the farming couuuuuity ihd not suffer in that year so much ns tho pastoral tenants of tho Crown. Tho wheat growers nround Warwick suffered heavily. Tho principal cereal grown in that dis trict is wheat, nnd tho total number of bushels reaped for 1885 wns 51,598 ns against 195,727 bushels harvested in 1884, showing a decroaso for 1885 of 144,129 bushels. In other respects, com paring tho increases with thc'decrenses, the year 1885 wns not altogether unpro fitable to tho agricultural community. Thus, - in 1885 tho quantity of maize grown wns 1,574,294 bushels, showing an increnso over 1884 of 201,855 bushels. In 1885, 8,320 tons of potn- locs were grown, showing an increase over 1884 of 1392 tons. Cotton shows nn. increnso of 2918 lbs. Sugnr enno (crushed) shows nn increnso of 8627 acres, nnd sugnr manufactured nn increnso of 22,-135 tons. Tokacoo shows nn in crenso of 514 cwt. Barley (for hay) shows nn increase of G23 tons. Oaten hay shows nn increnso of 7734 tons. Tho wino manufactured shows nn in crenso of 37,940 gallons. Grapes grown for tnhlo uso shows nn increase of 58,370 lbs. Bananas nn increnso of 1,020,830 dozen. Pino apples nn increase of 20,751 dozen, nnd of oranges 517, 2G4 dozen. Theso increases, taking into consideration tlio character of tho seasons of 1885, are really marvellous, and go fnr to provo tiio correctness of tho very general opinion thnt tho fanning community nt tho present time aro iii a far better and nioro prosperous condi tion than tlio pastoral occupiers of Crown lands. Indeed, if any proof were wanted of tho satisfactory condition of tlio agricultural community it wo9 nbundnntly mnuifested nt tlio exhibition of the Nntionnl Agricultural Association Inst week in Brisbane. Tlio enormous atten dance on tho first doy of well-dressed people led many to oxclnim that there wns not much cvidcnco among them of "hand times;" hut when tlio gratifying increases which wo linvo given nbovo nre read it will, wo think, account in somo dogrco nt all events, for tho very pros- porous exhibition which lias just been held in Brisbane. Tho returns show tliat tlio orango crop is' proving nn ex ceedingly productive ono. In tlio T'oo- woomha district there wore in 1885, 47 ncrc3 of land- under omngo cultivation, nnd tlio yield last year wns 50,038 dozen. Higlifiolds had 15 acres of oranges under cultivation, and tlio yield last year wns 10,800 dozen. Gntton iind 40 ncrc3 of innd under orange cultivation, and the yield wns 25,200 dozen. Roclthnnipton had 51 acres of oranges under cultivation, nnd tlio yield Inst year wns 0992 dozen. Maryborough iind 107 acres under culti vation, nnd tlio yield last year wns 59,040 dozen. Brisbnno had G3 acres under cultivation, nnd tlio yield wns 74,080 tloxon. Ipswich is represented to have iind 18 acres under cultivation, nnd tlio yield is represented ns 57,400 dozen. The latter is ono of those cases which indi cate, ns wo said before, tlio uncertain character of tlio returns. Comparing tlio . returns generally of llio yield of oranges, 18 acres would scarcely produce tho enormous quantity of 57,400 dozen, more particularly when compared with the other returns which wo give above. Sufficient, however, is given of localities within our personal knmvlcdgo to provo beyond any doubt tlint orange cultivation is exceedingly profitable. Tlio wholo of tlio returns ns affecting tlio agricultural community aro oxcccdingly satisfactory, and witli tho magnificent season which is now before us they may well hope to linvo a more prosperous future before them. It is, liowovor, clear from theso returns that whatever may ho said of tho domnnd ior ianu ior suinuuiuui-, I "i." nlionntcd is not being devoted to tlio purposes for which it wns intended — viz., cultivation. Whon wo bonr in mind that tlio colony is now in its twenty-sixth year tlio ' area under cultivation is com paratively insignificant. Assuming that t takes nn aero of land to grow sufficient to sustain for n year one human being, then tlio area of cultivation in tlio colony" should ho nt least 800,000 acres. Un fortunately it is very fnr from tliat-, and tlio result is tlio annual drain from the mlnnv of nnnrlv linlf-n- millioii stcrlimr for breadstiiffs and farm product). It is time, wo think, thnt Parliament devoted its attention to this subject with a view of ascertaining whethor somo slops cannot he takon to promoto tlio cultivation of tlio soil more generally, and tho growth of the produce for oilr own consumption. Ill New South Wales nn effort in this direction is being mado by tlio lionru oi Technical Education in Sydney, in the employment of agricultural lecturers to instruct- those engaged in llio cultivation of the soil in sciontilic nnd chemical agriculture. Victoria is also, following in tlio same slops, South Australia has already its agricultural eollcgo ' where; mutually, 28 fnrmers' sons aro taught Hie science of agriculture, and. its practical 'demonstration in tho field. Thus tlio sons of farmers in tlmt colony are re ceiving the very best agricultural educa tion they can obtain for tlio cultivation Ol lllCtr own iiuins mien tuu uo|»w»o»- bilitica of lifo aro thrown upon tlicm. It is time surely for Queensland to mnUp an eifort in the same direction, and en deavor to save tlus enormous drain of lmlf-a-million of capital annually for food and fodder productions, nil of which can lie grown within our own territory. D, MAoBAmtv, of Toowoomba, son of Mr, MnoBnrry, contrnctor for tlio Crow's Nest railway, wns on Friday Inst adjudicated Insolvent on his own petition. It will bo scon from our advertising columns tint tho Rink Club meet to«nlght in tho Royal A'tfcmUy Room. Tho recent meetings havo been well attended nnd thoroughly enjoyable, and there is every renson to anticipate continued success. We understand that tho Polico Magistrate will proceed to Crow's Nest to-morrow to hear tho enso of the disputed rnco horse which Is claimed by two different individuals. Thehorteis represented as being very valuable, nnd tho incidents connected with his disap pearance from Wnlgctt, Now South Wales, nnd being found in tho pound at Crow's Nest arc very remarkable. Is our supplement with this ismc will be found an extract from tho IVeelcm Star com menting very trcnchnntly upon. the proposed " viarccla" nn articlo from tho Dalby JJernld in rcfcrenco to tho tamo subject, an nrtlclc upon a recent musical pvrfonnanco by the Australian prodigy Miss Elsie Hull, a letter . from tho Secretary of the Ipswicb Woollen Manufactory, nnd our U6uul series of tele- grains, j i The Railway Traffic earnings for the week ending tho 15th of August, shows that the receipt of tho Southern nnd Western railwny was £G022, ns ngninst £0733 in tbc corres ponding week of Inst year— n decrease of £710. Tbo decroaso on tho Ccutral Railway for the same week was £170!). Maryborough, Bundabcrg nnd tbo Northern railway show slight increases. The total dcctcnsc for the week was £2,100. Tlio week previous tho de creased in tho receipts uns £1000. A terrific explosion occurred recently nt the Atlantic Dynamite Company's Works, MCmiisville, New Jersey. Of 10 men who '.wero iii the mixing-house no recognisable fragment has been found, nud n dozen others were wounded. The concussion wns felt 20 miles nwny, nnd much glnss wns broken within a rmliuB of flvo miles. About 2"i00lb. exploded excavating a space over fi0 feet square nnd O'foot deep. Other factory build ings, 100 feet nwny, were demolished. Par- Uons of bumnti remains wero picked up from three-quarters of a mile to a mile away, Evidence of the Inrgo numborof people from this district who have visited Brisbane during the Into Exhibition, was unmistakably supplied yesterday in the throngs of well- dressed passengers who left tho up trains in Toowoomba, doubtless for tho purpose of re turning to their several homes in town nnd country. Lost night the up train from Bris bane had to bo divided at llclidon, hnving been brought tbcro by three -engines. Tho divided train was then brought up the Rnngc by scpnrnto engines, arriving in town within ten minutes of each other. The death is announced of Mr. Henry Plint, erstwhile editor of tho Ipswich Advo cate and the Dalby Bulletin.. The deceased proceeded recently to Cairns as paymaster to the contractor for the Cairns— Hcrbcrton railwny, but was overtaken by tho fever which attacks so many southern people who go north, nnd unfortunately it terminated fatally. Tlio dcccnscd gentleman was a plodding industrious journalist, and was highly respected by all who knew him. He leaves a wife nnd family but poorly provided for. Tub following telegram, addressed to his Excellency tho Acting Governor, 1ms been received from the Secretary of the Colonial and Indian Exhibition The Right Hon, E. Stanhope, tlio Secretary of Stale for the Colonics, visited the Queensland Court and quartz mill on the 16th, nnd was received by Sir James Gnrrick, Agent General. .Mr. Stnnliopc expressed himself greatly pleased with what he saw. Lord Carnarvon nnd Dunrnven, Sir Philip CunlifTc Owen, nml Sir Anthony Musgrnvc. with tbo'AgcnUGcncrnl nnd other gentlemen, were present after tlio visit to the court, ami were entertained at dinner by Sir Robert Herbert, Under Seerc-' tnry of State for the Colonics, and Mr. Meade. A3 the Salvation Army was Btnnding nt tbo corner of Kent nnd llnzanr-strects, Mary borough, the captain addressing a crowd nt the time, ono of ihc horses on the cab-stand, misunderstanding the Snlvntion accents, or perhaps frightoncd by tho crowd, the red shirts or the lighted torches, turned round and bolted down Bazaar-street before his owner could stop him. The animal continued nt express speed along Baznnr- street, down Ann-street, nnd nlong the Ululah road. for a mile or two till begot to Baddow, .where be was obliged to bnlt, ns a high fence wns in tlio road. Here lie wns captured. Neither horso nor cab wero in jured in the slightest, Tub Philadelphia correspondent .of the Timet telegraphs " The Oanadinn Govern- ment hub moamcu ns extreme views on roe subject of the rights of American vessel in Canadian waters. Modified orders have been sent to the collectors of Customs which omit, in tho Instructions nbout warning vessels found within the three-mile limit, nil rcfcrenco to shipping men or supplies or trading. "When tho warning is given to n fishing vessel, 24 hours arc to bo allowed to her to depart bpforc seizure. Tbo inference is that American fishermen can now obtain all the men, supplies, and bait they need in Canadian ports, provided that it bo done within 24 hours. The pressure from Lon don, with the result of tho Novin Scotlan elections, aro boHeved to have inspired these clinnocs. which rrivc satisfaction even to the British maritime provinces. President Cleveland has approved the Shipping Bill, which has passed Congress, with the provision for. inflicting retaliation upon Canadian vessels where tlio required privileges are not given in Canadian waters." The weekly meeting of the Toowoomba Parliamentary Debating Society wns held in the Congregational Church on Thursday evening, tlio Rev. G. Hcrvcy in tho chair, nnd there was a fair attendance of members, Mr. Walker wns elected Treasurer of tbc Society in tho placo of Mr. Connolly resigned. Mr. tho Trqvethan, who w as to give nn essay on " Working Classes " was unavoidably pre vented from attending, and the evening was therefore given up to impromptu speeches on various topics. The principal' measure for the session a bill for the protection of native industries is now in the hands of the members, nnd Hie debate on the second rend ing will commence next Thursday evening. As tbc Ministry will either stand or fall on thc'mcasure every eifort will ho made io carry it, whilst the Opposition on the other hand will endeavour to put forth their full strength in order to defeat it, Mr. Stumm, as Colonial' treasurer, will mtroduco the Bill, nnd Mr. Casper will most probably lend off the attack. As great interest is taken in the question an interesting debate may be anticipated. The suggestion that tho young Prince Ed- ward of Wales, might bo created Duke of Australia and Earl of Ontario, in oclcbrntion of tho colonial reunion and of Her Majesty's Jubilee, tbo Law Journal points out, is not altogether unsupported by precedent. Origi nally it would seem to have been proper tbat the place from which n title is taken 6kou)d be within "the realm;', but thcro arc many instances to show Ibat it need onlv be within tho allegiance of the King in right of one of his crowns. Thus the earldom of Tnnkcrvillc (in Normandy), the Mnrquisatc of Dublin, nnd tho earidon of Kilkenny (In Ireland), were in the peerage of England ! while the Earl of Linnunll, the Earl of Ely, and Vis- count Hawarden, were pesrs In the .King dom of Ireland ;M nnd— what is more to tho present purpose— there was formerly a Vis- count of Canada in tbo Scottish peerage. It is well known that the Marquis Wcllealcy aspired to bo Duke of Hiudoostan. Lord Coke (in " Cnlvius ease ") expressly save that the Channel Islands arc " no part of tlio realm of England but, ns tlicy nro within the " dominations" of the Crown, we have nn Kur! of Jersey and a Lord Guernsey in the peerage of EughtuU. A discovery wns mado a few days nfco in connection with condensed milk, which' per sona who consume that article will do wcil to remember. Messrs. Barnct, fc'olomon.nud Co., of Sydney, imi>ortcd a very large quantity of the milk by the Austral which arrived here this week. They sold a portion of the consignment, and were rather surprised to have it returned to them ns unfit for- use. It was then resolved (says tho 8. Mt Herald ) to examine the whole of the consignment, nnd Mr. Seymour, tho sanitary inspector, and Dr. Daoscy, the city health officer,' pro ceeded to Mason Brothers' bonded store for the purpose. The result of the examination wns thnt no less than 10,176 tins of Swiss condensed milk, varying, from half-a-pound to one pound in weight each, wero 'wired ns unfit for human consumption A suggestion wns made that it should lie taken out to sea and thrown overboard, but Mr. .Seymour de clined to have lids done, and he ha resolved to havo the whole destroyed by fire. Tiik following is the latest story thatH told nbout tho Etnpruts Kiigeniiv/jrln has ever been a striking figure since (he'duy she chnrmcd Napoleon III. with -the wreath of violets which she wore in ber golden linlr. " 'Twas morning then but now the night ho come," A few days ngo says'a chronicler, a visitor to tho Mnrcus Church -ntt Venice, wbcro the ex-Empress is oow staying,1 ob served a lady, dressed in deepest mourning, kneeling in long, silent prayer before one of tho side altars. When at Inst she locked nbout her in search of something which she mlfiBCtl, and then walked slowly away, and supporting herself by the wall, toward1 the entrance. The stranger politely offered Ida arm, which was gratefully accepted, the lady mennwhilo cxplninlug Ihot ono of the beggars must .have taken her silver headed walking stick away, without which she was " very hclplcs?." Oulrtdc llidchiirch two liveried footmen were waiting. The'slfangcr on retiring offered his address card (alas, for ciuelNctniscs, ho was a German from Berlin), glancing at which the lady was seen tu shudder slightly and then return the civility by whispering " Empress Eugenie, and— homeless." One of those sad occurrences which cait a gloom over a whole neighborhood transpired in Little John-street at about 11,30 a.m. on Sunday last. The circumstances were or fol lows Margaret Wilson, the wife of John Wibion, who is said to be nt Soutlqiort, and the daughter of Mrs. Helen Ncnlc, has lately been living with her mother. About four weeks ngo Mrs. Wilson gave birth to a child. On Sunday morning Mrs. Wilson nnd Mary linkers were the only persons la the house. Miss Dakcrs states that she was speaking to Mrs. Wihon in the kitchen about the time mentioned, nnd she then appeared all right. Mrs. Wilson then went into Iter bedroom, from which immediately afterwards Miss Dnkc as 6tntcs she heard a peculiar noise ; she then went into the bedroom and found Mnr- gnrct Wilson lying oa Iter buck upon the floor with her throat cnt and a razor lying near her right hnnd. Dr. Sheaf happened to be in the neighborhood, and being sum moned to the scene was able to render imme diate nssistnnco to tho unfortundtc woman. The wound in the throat is nbout four or fivo inches in length, the windpipe being slightly cut but not severed, Dr. Sheaf is said to havo hopes of the recovery of bis patient. Miss Dakcrs states Hint- though nothing particularly strange was noticeable in Mrs. Wilson's manner on the morning of the sad occurrence, she had appeared slightly demented for a few days previously, Mrs, Wilson lias since been conveyed : to the hos pital, Those who drink the imported continen tal wiucs in preference to tho pure #Atid hcclthy colonial manufactured wines, can not feel flattered by the following description process carried on in France. The rnrls correspondent of the S. M. Herald writing under dntc, July the 2nd, says Not a day too soon has the Commission .d'Jfyyttne el dc SkdnhriU lhihlique decided to wage war in earnest against the adulteration, of food in this country, which has reached , truly scandalous proportions. Not ' only are essential articles of food cxtrcmoly dear in all the large towns of France, owing to the excise nnd octroi dues nnd the number of linnds through which matters -'of fifst' ne cessity paf» before they reach tho consumer, but their quality is often much deteriorated, if nut rendered positively injurous, by a shameful system of fnlHilicntion. Of all species of adulteration, that of wine is the most fingrnnt. Binco the phylloxera des troyed so many thousands of vineyards in the south of France the artificial manufacture ot wine hns become almost as much a national French industry as grape-growing,. It is a matter which nobody doubts now that large quantities of so-called wine con sumed annually in Paris, mid chiefly .by the working clashes, contain no juice .'of .. the grape whatever. Tlio liquor is produced chemically, nntl the colouring matters, obtained from coal tor, play an important part in its manufacture. Mow the flavour of genuine wine is sufficiently simulated to impose upon the credulity of tho buyer is one of the secrets of this sinister trqtR'. Occasionally tho police discover- the fraud ; tho " wioc " is confiscated nnd the seller is severely punished, but for some reason not easily explained, ono seldom hears of a manufacturer being discovered. There is, however, one kind of falsification tbat is tolerated because itilsnot injurious to health. This is the manufacture of wine from raisins. Millions of hectolitres of this wine are now is either sold ns it is made or is blended with genuine wine, The following figures cnablo one to realiso the proportions which this busineas has Assumed, In 1875, France im ported cigiit millions of kilogrammes of raisins, nnd in 1881 the quantity imported was 62 millions. Sin Samuel Wilhon having climbed. up from the lowest rung of tho latter, imturallV called himself n Conservative. in this character ho offered himself for a scat in the Imperial Parliament. After some crushing defeats, be has succeeded in getting in nn second member for Portsmouth, this is hour Hint wicked miner, tho Pall Hall Gazelle. speaks of Sir Samuel Wilson : " Iiugcndco has brought good fortune to its new owner. Sir Samuel Wilson lute at last attained the object 'if his ambition, nnd writes M.P, after his name. A colonial 1 big bug ' himself, he has trusted another, for Mr. Vnndcrbyl, the Ministerialist candidate, is. an Australian Vnndcrbilt, though less famous than Sir Samuel. - Born in 1832, at Ballyclouglmn, county Antrim, one of the six sons of his father, Sir Samuel (ho wns plain Samuel and poor Samuel in tl;oso days) emigrated like other Irishmen have done irom Min's isle, Uis cultic ncutencss enabled him in time to become a leading member of the great Australian squnttocrncy, gentlemen to whom a few hundred thousand acres are neither hero nor there. They bought when land was worth a song or a stick of tobacco, To-day they reap the fruits of tlioir sagacity. So Mr. Wilson prospered, anu two Victorians were kind to him. One helped him on to wealth the other knighted him, and he aroso Sir Samuel, much to his delight. Some day tiin wealth mav float bim into n happy land where troubles cease and elections arc no more. Well known in Australia, he found himself an obscurity In London, and, after casting nbout for a time procured a great personal adver tisement bp buying the retreat of Burke aud Beaconsficld, which resulted in1 par# '.of which Barnum might havo been proud, By this means he hoisted himself before tho public, but he is still dangling, Portsmouth nas now given him what be would call, In bis happy colonial phraseology, 'leg up,' lie plays the host on on extensive scnle, and endeavors to feed himself into vogue. But If Dizzy's ghost ever walks the long corridors of' the Hugbenden Manor Houso he might whisper to Hir Bamucl that 1 manners inaketh men os well oh gold. In time, Sir Samuel will develop Into a tolerable pai ty buck. He is gregarious us his own bhecp," ON'Satorday aftcrooon tbc usual monthly Para#lo of A Company, Queensland Defence 'orce, took placo at tho Drill Shed. Tbo officers present were Captain Rcuwick and Lieut, Groom. After the roll had been called, nntl a little preliminary work gone through, the men were marched out into tho drill shed paddock and . put through various movements by Lieut, Groom, which were, on tho whole, creditably performed, SuMl. curiosity having been cxprcwcd hero concerning the appointment of Mr. Henry Mntthows ns Home Secretary in tbo Fnlisbury Government, wo give tbc following from Pall Hall:- ' Mr. Henry: Matthews, who hns won the unlquo distinction of being tho first Con servative member for Birmingham, is io other , respects oIbj a. distinguished faian. Ho wns born in Ceylon (wher his father was a judge), graduated at two universities (Paris and Lon don), and has since had nn excellent practice 'at tho bar (he is a bencher of Lincoln's Inn), lie has been engaged in several big things, Including tho Home case, tho Tichborno case, and the Epping Forest ease. He tie-, fended Mr, Jacques in tho Armstrong ease, .aud Jiis victory at Birmingham io no doubt 'th6' 'reward , of , virtuci rtio contested' the roat, Hdwovcr— eo be told the electors— not for his own sake, but from a scn6oof what was owing to 1 their common country.' The burden of affairs appears, however, to sit lightly on Mr. Matthews, who f n cheery, rabiqiod man, with a.keon sonso of humor. If hd wbfro' a youngcf man (ho Is 60), the Tories ought to do somethiog for him, for besides contesting .North Birmingham at tho Inst election ho thrice unsuccessfully con tested Dungarvan, for which borough lie eat 1808-187-1, . v,. Wjhtinq nn tlio subject; of central sugar mllln, tbc' Hachay Mercury, toys: "Wo understand that the recommendation em bodied in the report furnished by Mr. llodg- kirwon on (ho central mill scheme have been considered by tbc Cabinet .and.- confirmed. If this Is so the .Government havo clearly done nit they promised to do, and it remains for the selectors and thoso interested to provo themselves able and willing to put tbo scheme into execution. At present the farmers haro taken apparently no further interest in tbc proceedings. Do they expect the Government to como along svlth a mill and put it up for them. Seem ingly so. It is a great mistake ; the selectors are now the men who must go rigorously to work aud purii the scheme along. Let them cnll n meeting of tho shareholders in tho company already formed and of all the farmer round. Let them decide on wbnt steps they shall take and get the Government advance registered in the name of tho com pany. It U certain tbat tho number of- ; shares ;in tho mill must be in creased nnd tbc only way to do it is by diffus ing information and odvlco among those who' arc more backward in seeing what is a fair opening: for making their 'lands valuable, lbc. farmers havo now their .share of the work to do and Ut'ihcra prove themselves worthy of the encomiums passed upon them by Mr.' Hodgkinson in bis report. Wo also hear that the Cabinet has decided to increase the grant for,tho mill near the racecourse to £2000, and to reduce tho ono near Eton to £18,000. At present no reason is assigned for this step, but wo may bo certain good ones havo been adduced for .it, We arc indebted to the District Registrar for the following interesting statistics:— Registration of births, deaths, and tnarriigcs, was initiated in this district on tho 27th of April, 1636, Up to 27th August, 1873, at which date the present Registrar took charge of the books, (hero had boon registered 6118 births, 1868 deaths, and 10 11 marriages. On tho 13th of March, 1876, a portion of tho district wa severed so fnr ns registration is concerned, and a new set of books opened and kept by the Registrar, under the nnmcof " Darling Down Ccntrol," At that date the total rcpifltratioDs stood ns follows 6671. births, 2316 deaths, nnd 1273 marriage. On the first of May this year a further ecvconco of the registration district was. effected, tho noyy, portion being .registered " Higbijclds," for which a third set of books ha been opened by tho District, Registrar, At. that date the' number of registrations; showed Drayton, and Toowoomba, 11,322 births, 4010 deaths, . and 23,74. marriages; nrid'\ pojling Downs 'Central 1076 > births, '642 ucntlis, and 104 marriages. Add ing these together it appears, that between 27th April, I860, and the date of taking the last quinquennial census, n period of 30 years, there had been registered in ibis dis trict it total of no/.lcjs tbao 12,937 births, 1382 deaths, nud 2178 marriages, It would be interesting, to bo> able to.comparo.Uic results at the end of each successive period of five years, and we hope that the Registrar will be able to let us havo this additional information nt an early date. The first marriage of a perron born nnd registered in this district appears to have been celebrated in September, 1876, nnd in the next month the Url child registered hero was married aged 19, years, On the last day-hut ono of ttic following year tbo first marriage /was celebrated between parties, both of whom fm(J bcen born and registered In this district, Hucii marriages aro now becoming of com paratively speaking frequent occurrence, . Amongst the new slrocturcs wbich havo recently been erected in tho principal portion of Itutlivch-strcct, and which evidence peculiarly the stability of tho town, none is more deserving of notice than tbat sow all but completed close to tho ScliixiV of Arts, and intended to bo u«cd as on hotel, hearing the name of tlio institute It replnccs. In deed, from a business point of view, tho -proseift' wooden hotel occupied by . Mm. Nolan, and 'that lady U now to be congratu lated that she 1ms had built for her one of the ncatcat and most compact family hotels of which any provincial town can boast. The design was by Mr. Marks, and is of n chaste modern order of architecture,' The contract whs taken by Mr. Duugald Fntcrson at about £1800, and he hns accomplished bis work with considerable skill. Tho building Is a two-storey one with iron palisndlog verandahs in front, above and below, .'and \- rwiiimvlnfr a frnntncfl to Ttnthvcnifitrcct of -l ift, by a depth to tho extreme rear of the back verandah of 81ft. The main entrance ojiens iiito n large hall 6ft. wide, from which door communicate on ono side with tho bar 12ft. bylfift,; and on tbc other withacoffeb room' 12ft. by 12ft. Behind tbc coffee room ja large dining room 12ft, by 1'Jft,, and behind tliat again a commodious kitchen the snrpc width outl I Gf t. iu length. Therein a Inr parlor at the rear of tbc bar 12ft. by 12(t , and behind the kitchen on the'ground floor are servants' room, See, The staircase to the SCCOilU JIVUIU/ mniu i»vu» vuv iihhu and communicates with o corresponding pas sage above. It 1 possibly in tbc arrange ment of the sitting rooms and bedrooms upstair tbat the rnoit conspicuous features of the establishment nre noticeable, more particularly -with rospect to the provision mode -for the comfort and convenience ol inmillCtf. llJUtf, »VJUi yiHDH UWtO U|fWJWiJ|5 VII to the front verandah, there ' are two large sitting rooms communicating also with the passage, one 13ft, by 13ft,, nnd tho other 12lt. by 16U„ wbich open respectively to three aud two bedrooms, all lofty and well lighted. Facing the bock upstair verandah again thore are two bedrooms, and, lending off,, a, verandah running at? Tight: angles to that ore fivo bedrooms each 12£t. 8ip,;by. JOft.' Gin,, nil' lighted from tho.north, .Tbo.founda- Hons aro of blues tono with brick superstruc- ture .jiia&tcrcu; uirougiiout in me interior, and tue space underneath the bar is occupied by a blacstonc paved cellar.1 The woodwork ,i« all of prettily stained .cedar, somo of tho. jofobfvork', being; ekcecflingly ;good; white, tuo 'ornamental' iron castings for the stair- Icoso, vqraoilob. i., .nra.oL.cbpste. design, 'There is a large yard' at tho tear Well drained land fitted with the most modern conven iences, and containing a large stable and buggy home. Altogether, the now School of Arts Hotel will enhance tho architectural pppcpnuico'pf our principal street, J At 'the weekly meeting of the Bchoolof Arts Debating oo Friday evening last, Mr. Sims occupied tbo chair. The hubjcct appointed for the crening was— the mental capacities of tbc sexes— but owing t n the absenco of ono of tbc leaders this debate was postponed till a future occasion. Impromptu speaking was substituted nnd eight or nine different subjects were spoken upon by various speakers. A UECiriiociTv treaty (writes the Courier) with Victoria wa» one of the subjects men tioned by Mr. Black In hi speech in the Assembly on Thursday afternoon, nnd the lion, gentlemen taxed the Government with having neglected tbc interest of tlx colony In regard to this matter by not trying to form «uch a treaty. The Chief Secretary in reply said the matter bod not escaped tbo atten tion of the Government, Home month ago, when he was in Melbourne, a propo«Ui#jri for reciprocity was mado to him by some private individual, which was not supported by the Government of tbc day. He nn»I certainly diecuFsed it in a preliminary sort of way, and he hud taken the opj>ortunity of com municating with thc.inembi'rs of the Govern ment of Victoria about it but bo had no reason'to suppose until #juito recently that any prdposition for a reciprocity treaty would be entertained favourably by that Govern ment. He had now, however, reason to believe thnt such would bo tho case and the fact was at the present .time receiving the consideration of the Government,, It wo not necessary nor expedient to say more at present, as the whole question would be raised iu the discussion of tho motion of which tbc member for the Wnrrego liad given notice. The English papers give special promi-' nencc to tbc completion of the Canadian Pacific Railway. "Three years ago," say tho Homo Hews, "no one knew where the Pacific terminus of tbc Canadian Pacific Hallway was to be placed, Vancouver was the station eclcctcd, and on June 28 the first through traia on the great transcontinental line left Montreal for that port. Tbc line is thus actually fiurshed, nml will very shortly be opened to traffic. All diflicultle have been successfully surmounted, and if Can adians have not miscalculated the future, their new line will oon repay tho money laid out on it, beside opening out new nnd profitable route for Britlrti com merce. Another great stride forward al> has been taken toward federation, and while shallow statesmen would rhk the disintegration of Hie Empire, our stout Canadian brethren arc making it manifest that tboy, at any rate, were never believer In such mischievous doctrine. Tbey arc in trutii the possessors of a noble licriiog. Their coasts border on two oceans, their pro vince ore prOEjicrous and well populated, nnd the interior district will become in Hie future Uio home of millions of the human race, Tho trans-continental line travems tbo territory from sea to sea, end more than any other factor will conduce to lbc .settle ment of the country. Commerce will advance with rapid strides, nnd much of the trado between Europe aud the eastern countries of Asia will be diverted to Cana#Ran channels, Tbc Anglo-Haxon race may well be proud of tbc Canadian Pacific Railway. It rivals, if it docs' not excel, any work hitherto performed for the progress and benefit of mankind," Kefediiikg to tiio ease of the man who compelled his wife to swallow ikJboij the N. M. Herald of Wednesday last »y :—(hi Monday morning Alfred Reynold, the' alleged, wife murderer, was remore#I under guard from 'the Prince Alfred Hosnital to the .Newtown lock-up. lie remaiccd there for about two hours, and was at 2 o'clock con ducted to the Court, where the Bench wa occupied by Mr. ji', H. Fielder, J.P. The accused, who » a man of florid complexion, conducted himself in the dock with extreme composure. Hergcaut William Lee went Into the witness-box and nrcforred a #:bnrge of murder against Reynolds, who Ibtenol to the officer's evidence calmly. Before the ser geant signed the depositions, hi Worridp .asked the prisoner If bad any question to ;osk. He replied, " I wish to make a state ment. I wifh to say that whit my late wife said beforo her death and what the sergeant lui just sworn nro perfectly truor-l am guilty." Mr. Fielder here .advised him to reserve what he hod to say till he wa on hi trial, and formally remanded bim to appear at tho Coroner's Court on Thursday. The news having spread t! at Reynold was to bo brought up, a crowd of about HM) perron bad congregated, and the Court and street outride were thronged with an cxcitc#l mob. On Roynolds' admission of bis guilt a murmur of execration arose, but wa quickly cheeked by the police. Fearing violence on tbc part of the populace, Reynold wa brought through the bock of tbe Court and placc#l io a cab which wa in attendance, The crawl, however, got wind of tbi, nnd a tbo self- confessed muidcrcr was greeted with yell arid bib&e.; Hewn taken to Darlinghurst gaol, and lodged tbcro pending the resumption of tbc inqucrt, Tiik Ipswich correspondent of tbc Courier report the following ease of tbe biter bitten." A case was tried at tbe Police Court on Thursday in which a young fellow who intended to be a " biter" on a previous occa sion, wo severely " bitten" en this one. It will be remembered that a short time ago a youth named Tboma Quhro, living in Ipswicb, laid an information againut tbe landlord of the Commercial Hotel, tbat bo bad supplied bis (Quinti'S) father with drink wliilcn prohibitionjw.n in force against the latter. The evidence, however, wa m clearly in favour of Hie then defendant that tho cam was dismisBcd. In the action that wa brought to-day young Quinn was charged under subsection 2 of section 70 of the Licensing Act, with having, at ipswicb, on tbe I2th Instant, supplied Intoxicating liquor to ono fiawuel Brown, contrary to an order of the bench prohibiting such. The fact of tbo ease wero testified to by Mr, John White, leisec of the refreshment-room nt the railway station hero, who stated tbat on the day in question Quinn got a glass ot beer and 9d, worth of rum from witness ; tbe latter, witnei put into allargo porter bottle which he corked ami labelled, ami handcl to the defendant, who went outaxid xitdown on a henchon tbe railway platform ; wltneM saw Brown walk from tbc end of the plat form and sit down beside tho defendant, and the two latter roon afterwards' got up and went into the water-closet ; witness followed tberannd asked dcfcn#Unt -where tbo ram wns \ Quinn' said tbey' hod drunk it, but witness subsequently took tlio bottle out of had been removed from the -bottle ; witness aid to tbe defendant "-Quinn, you had no right to do a thing of this sort you trial to get one boteikcepcr into trouble, ami I suppose you want to do the same will me V gave the bottle to Heater-constable IVCrcary in defendant's presence. Henter-oonsteble JI uiovr/ Buivuu limb give It (the rum) to Brown j I put it down and be picked it up j" Brown said, u Tommy did not give it to rue ; it was Another man gave it to me I" White indentifi d the bottle as the one he bad gircn to Quinn, and the latter claimed it and asked witness to re turn; it to biro, wbich lie did. . Henter-scr- gcant O'Driscoll jxrtnlcd out that tbc offence wns becoming too common, and said that it wa hot always- tbo publicans who were to blame. The police-magistrate said be looked upon uie ouencc as a most serious one, anu felt that It deserved severe punishment. When -ut ns lost resort, a prohibition had been taken otit against a person be thought t.bc supplying of drink to him was " next door to muracr." Ho lnfiicteda fine of £10, in ' default levy and distress, or one mouth's imprisonment. Tbe police-magistrate aUo said tbat Mr, White, la laying the Informa tion hod done right, an#I h-vl only octal according to tbe dictates of common hu manity ; ho (tho politic-MagiKtmte) wished more people would do likewise, 