LIKE SUMMER CLOUDS. A Christmas Fantaisie. . ? . Dt Tnnnrsov Shtth, ? Author of 'Tho Ghost of n. Christmas Dinner,' ' Sunbeams and Shadows,' ko. f From the Christmas Number of Tin Wttk.) CnATTEB IV. — ACCELERANDO. Iiike os the -woves make towards the pebbled shore, Bo do our minutes hasten to their end ; Snub changing plnco with that which goes before, In sequent toil all forward do contend. — SUAKB3PEAHE. Theee had boon that in Claud s manner and general behaviour after tho fruitless interview botween him and Ned Wrighton already nar rated, which induced tho latter to become con firmed in his suspicion that tho other meant, if opportunity offered, to dissever the associations previously connecting tho two men. Ned knew of the beneficent influences to which his late companion would be subjected at tho sta tion, and, himself not untormented by tho rack ing of a guilty conscience, ho was ever fearful that somo accident might reveal tho fraud through which he held the other in his power. It was always present to his mind that' Claud could easily be induced to confess his share in the transaction in which tho promissory-note plays eo prominent a part, and this would result in total discomfiture if it was not attended by moro serious consequences, in hia own arrest as tie principal in the crime. It was essential to Ned's peace of mind no less than to the success of his deeply- laid scheme of attaining money by means of tho forged instrument, that he should watch Claud's movements closely, and attain such a position that should the othor exhibit 'weakness or an inclination to make a clean breast of the whole affair, he would bo able on the one part to strengthen his hand, if directed to their mutual advantage, or circum vent him if disposed, as ho expressively put it, ' to come tho double ou him.' Ned had easily convinced tho money lender of the pxpedienoy of keeping then: quarry in sight, hilo that astute foreigner in his turn deemed. wise to keep his eyes on both pursued and pursuer. Hence it was that a week or two after Claud had become pleasantly quartered at his unclo's, we find Ned and his companion keeping him well within tho circle ol their observations. About a milo and a-half or two miles from tho homestead, and so situated as to be upon the roadside, just beyond George Clayton'sbaundary fence Btood the remains of an old flour-mill, it had at one time been a fine, substantial struc ture, but tho ravages of a disastrous fire had reduced it to a black and tottering wreck. The four walls yet stood erect, and some of the flooring was intact, but here and there were treacherous holes and pitfalls, and at one end, where the boiler and machinery had fallen in, between tho out«r wall and tho remains of the floor, there was an extensive well 10 feet across and 20 deep. On their way to the elation this ruinous structure had attracted the attention of the wayfarers, and they had de termined to occupy it for the reasons that it was handy, that they could thenoe pursue their object without endangering its attain ment, that it afforded a good hiding-place in ease of accident, and because tho conspirators were here beyond the reach of that inquisitive icrutiny they would have had to encounter had they claimed the ? open hospitality of the . home station. Attired like ordinary bushmen, with billies and swags complete, they had evaded observation, and had they been dis covered then, there would not have been any thing' very extraordinary in their camping in this old null. The afternoon was drawing to a close, and tho diluting rays of tho sun, as it sank into tho neBt behind the great, purple ridge of hills, tipped all tho world about with rims of shining ? gold. But from tho east crept up a bank of ominous-looking clouds, and in one heaven there teemed to be both night and day. Ned was waiting the return of Nicholas, and to while tho tune away, had lit a file in one co'ner of tho basement, (there were in all three floors, connected by a very ricketty etairway minus numerous steps), and was boil- ? injr a billy of tea. There was a quiet whistlo, and, mounting tho fow intervening steps,' Nei ascended to the next floor, and, opening the door, admitted Nicholas. '?.Aoh, zo,' spoke tho Gorman with a con tented grunt when tho door had closed behind ; ' it vas my fordune dot got me here before der itorm. It vas a race, and, ahemim, von't it ihust be here in doo-doos, mark my vordts.' '?Well, what luck?' asked the other. ' Shunt de look ouf der tifel.' ' Did you seo him ?' 41 A loedle, but I leefs der letter for him mit a poundry liter mit my loaf and oomblimente. Ach, but oder vays mine look vas vonderful. Look you, I gets me dees sheok and den I takes me mine tkydoodlo beforo I was seen,' replied the German, handing Ned the cheque. ' Three hundred pounds ! Whoo!' whistled Ned. 'Der old man, onelo vat's-his-name, he vas shust aboudt to send it ouf someone in Sydney, mid X deenks me dot I likes it shust as better as he, and so I tooks it righdt avay, zo ! But de ?best ouf all der pecseness vas der onole und our Claud day haves a schldndy, vich I hears a lectle ouf, und parted day im angor, und dor blain conglusions von dot lcedle rashkell, he rat blamed for tooking it. Ach! vot a toeety peeseness don't you deenk ?' ' But ho got the letter ?' ' I deenks mo zo,' replied Nicholas, re possessing himself of the document and pocket ing it. , ? 'Then he'll be here,' said Ned, and »o say ing he clambered up a flight of the rotten iitops to an aperture in the old wall whence ha had a olearviewof tho road beyond. 'By Jove,' ho continued, ' and hero he comes, at a good battoo.' Descending again, Nod and his companion' took, up : positions on tho first floor near the door, and in a few momenta Claud drew rein outride, dismounted, and walked boldly into the building, Ned fattening up tho door bohind him. 'Well, ?what do you want with meV' ho asked angrily. ' You shust deonks you haves ui pooty vin» ' upon a shstreeng, isn't it ? Ach, ve'a got somo leedle iieeoeuesa twice times shust as better as dot.' 41 Well, what do you want P' repeated Claud. 'This,' repliedNcd, 'youaro oomfortably eottlod now, and in your comfort appear quite to have forgotten us. We want our share of plunder.' - ' There is no plunder, and I've failed to get a shilling from my unolo.' ' ' Is dot zo V Yell, if dor's no ohanees mit der honest vay, you muBt shust dry dor order rones. Do moneys must be got at vonst. Ve _ don'd can vait no lougor dimes. If you don'd' do dot righdt avay vo Bees der onole mit der leodlo heel, und all der vat vas but of der billee oan indo de vire, dot's all.' 'I can do nothing with him — and ho has no monoy in the place, that I know of.' 4 ' Vot aboudt shocks, eh f Vot you deenki of dees?' said the German, ahowing, gingerly,. George Clayton's chequo. , . ... .'How did you got thati'': asked Claud, astonished. .'.-. ... . . ? : i ' A leedle presont, shust. He dells me doo» \- vay vot ho deenks ouf ino.' , ? 'You liar !' /shouted the other. ' Youha.v« stolenit.' ' ~ ', ': 'Silently^, silently does it,' replied Nioholas, hurriedly hiding the paper and dropping baok a 'pace or two. - 'You vas all doo qveok.' .'.Thon-you were tho stranger of whom my uncle spoke— the suspioious ? . My God !' he exclaimed oxoitedly, as tho fnll moaning of the situation revealed itself, 'this theft — our qiiarrol — my demand for money — my threat of desperation — our angry parting — all, every thing will point to me, and he will think I stole the cheque. Give it to me,' he oried, gra«p ing the other savagely by the arm. ' Give ma tie money, I say.' 'Be quiet, you fool,' interposed Ned, ?irTesting the men apart. 'You are innocent ol that, at all events, and it is no conoern of yonre.' 'Look to yourself,' retorted Claud, throw ing him aside and renewing bis hold on ths ether. 'Give me that money, or I'll shak* your dog's heart from your dirty caroaee. Give It me, I say.' 41 Not mooch, me,' answered the German. ' Ho, ho! Mr. Morality. This Budden'virtu« ion't become you. Try your goody-goody trioks elsewhere— on the marines; they re much too thin for me. You'vo got nary a blush in - forging, but when it comes to standing by ,whno others work tho oraole, you gets a nt of tho shakes and lifts your eyes in holy horror. Bo consistent, man, and let things take '? their course Come, you're hemmed in all ways now ; there's no escape. You can't olear vourself of this — -' : ' I'd schwaro I seo him took it.' 'And the forgery. You can't get out of that.' 'Well,' responded Claud, resigning himself with an oath, 'you have mo in a hole. What amlto dof '?? . ???'? 'You say it's no go with the old man. What about tho girl?' ?' : 44 You hound— what do you mean ? ' ' Don't call namos, it isn't civil. She cares a bit for you, and I'll warrant the old man has a pretty nest egg by for her agin a rainy day. You must have her and we must have it.' 'What devil's plot is this?' 11 After you'vo been idiot enough to spoil your game by that lunatic quarrel, you can't hopo to win her fairly and — and — ' 'Well, and—?' 'What do you say to an unlucky accident ? It's easily done. She's fond of breakneck galloping about — one day she's out — loses hor way — we find it for her — pr-ri— off to Sydney — married in haste — repent at leisure, when th* spondulicks, are ours — see ! ' 'My shemini, dot's pooty mooch as good asablay. Vine, vino!' 44 Pshaw !' responded Claud, ' sensational rubbish. Dy'o think the old man would give mo money then ?' : 41 Ho'd stump up, my boy, rather than see you lodged a forger and a thief in quod, and far rather than havo all the disgrace hang round his good girl. What's that? Byjove, what a clap!' The storm, of the approach of which we have already noticed the premonitory signs, had suddenly burst overhead and a peal of thunder seemed to make this old place shake again. The heavy banks of clouds had darkened the at mosphere, and every few minutes the heaven* were lit up with immenee flashes of vivid lijrht ning. Then the wind arose and rattlod shriok ing through the building, and soon the rain came down in cataracts. 'You're settled here to-night, old man,' said Ned, 'and can dream on what wo've said.' 'I wouldn't wish you such a nightmare, anyway,' retorted the othor. 'By heaven! What a Btorm ! ' he continued and ascending tho few stairs up to the next floor crossed to a. hole in the wall where a window had once been, and looked out upon the magnificent spectacle presented by tho violent warring of tho boisterous elements. Great black masscB of clouds were rent in all directions by the forked flashes ; gaunt trees bent heavily before tho raging blast, and the very air seemed to quiver with tie reverbera tions of the mighty roar of tumbling sound. Claud had not watched this troubled scene for long, before the injunction of the groom darted into his mind, and Ruth — Ruth, per haps was ont in this ! Instantly, without another thought, Claud dashed down tho shat tered stairway to tho door, where he was inter cepted by Ned, who barred, his further passage. 'What's up now— you're mad to mount a horse in a storm like this ? ' ? 'The girl!' ho gaspod excitedly. 'Lot me go by! The girl's on horseback in the midst of this ? ' ' The devil's in it then for luck ! She will seek here. Why, man, what would you do f The gome is ours, and by the accident, too.' 'Fiend!' shrieked Claud. 'I'll bs no party to so ? a trick. Let mo go ! ' ' What! Chuck our chances up? No fear! There that'll do ; thero are two to one. Give way, you fool, or I'll silence you for a term. Here, Nicholas, catch a hold — bear a hand, mate. Keep this idiot quiet.' Nothing loth, tho Gorman crept up behind Claud, and, suddenly grasping las olbows, pressed his knees into the other's back, and, with a jerk, brought him to the ground. Through the din of pattering rain, of screaming wind, and the boom of thunder claps, could be heard the clatter of horses' feet. Leaving Claud to the care of tho German, who dragged him to a remote coiner of tho room, Nod opened tie door, and, as he did so, Ruth leaped from her horse's baok outside and rushed, drenched and dripping, into the wel come shelter. 'A rough storm to be caught in, miss,' said Ned. 'Comeiniideabit?' 41 Thanks, I'm nearly dead with fear, and quite wet enough. But can I put tho mare in shelter too ? ' She'll find it herself, miss.' 'Don't stop, Ruth — don't stop — hurry homeward for your life,' shouted Claud in desperation as he struggled to free himsolf from tho Gorman's tenacious grasp. 44 Who's that?' exclaimed the girl in 'alarm. 'Don't bo frightened, miss, .he does not know what he is saying,' said Ned, but at tho some time he placed himself against tho door. ' It's all right ; we're friends, all of us.' 'Who is it P' asked Euth, in no way re assured. 'It's ? ' Claud was about to answer, but a smothered sound was all that caino across the room.' 'What does it mean? Who are you?' con tinued Ruth, closely soanning the figui'O at the door. ' 44 Never you mind,' answered Ned; 'you are in good hands. ' Who called ' Ruth ?' ' asked the girl, and quickly sped across tho room to tho corner, where in the shadow she descried two figures. 'Claud, is that youP What does this mean?' With a violent effort Claud released himself from his captor's grasp, and taking up a pieoe of a batton, threatened Nicholas that if ho ad vanced a step, he'd kill t»*m on tho spot. ' Go, Ruth,' he exclaimed excitedly. 'Ely for your life, let nothing stop you. Never mind the rain. Home, home, there's mischief here.' Ruth made for the door with all haste, but Ned caught her by the waist. 4 1 Let her go, you scoundrel,' shouted Claud, edging towards the struggling pair as quiokly as he could, at the same tiino that he kept himself safe from the German'* manoeuvres. 'Keep him off, Nicholas. Whore's your pistol? Use it if necessary.' Claud made a dash at Ned, but stumbling OTer a hole, fell prone upon tho floor. Then Ned dragged the resisting, screaming girl away, and opening a battered trap-door, pushed her down some half-dozen steps into tho basement; The German had taken full ad vantage of Claud's accident, and kneeling on him as he lay, kept him powerless to move. Ned, having hastily affixed a piece of wood in the staple where the bolt would have shut had there been one, was going to his friend's assistance when George Clayton burst open the door and appeared upon tho scene. ' It's de oncle,' said Nicholas in an under tone. ..'.Hist!' ,.' Ned took in tho situation at, a glanoe, and creeping stealthily' to tho corner where the Geiman had Claud secured, bent over him, and whispered : ' It's all over with you; now, Claud ; he's come to capture a thief. Shall wo add forger, too?' i ' , ,.,.?; . ; ' .... ; . you! what do you mean todoP' responded Claud. ,; . . . ,,-..--. 'Keep quiet,' hissed the other. ????' Release him, Nicholas. Follow mo, and we'll ontico tho old buffer so as wo can keep-him out of harm's way till you can dear off with the girl. This way,' he continued in a voice intended to convey tho impression that the speaker in his excitement had spoken moro loudly than ho meant. ' This way, old fellow, and you'll bo safe;' Save when the lightning now and again, lit it up with momentary flashes, the place was now so dark that Clayton could discern littlo olso than moving shadows in the gloom. 41 Who's there P' ' 41 Hush!' whispered Ned, as though in warning to his companions. ' Softly does it, mates.' 11 Who's thero, I say,' repeated Clayton, moving towards the retreating figuros. 41 Get to the basement,' half-whisperod Nod in. tie same tone as he hod used before, ' while I keep him at bay.' Following the direction of the voice, Clayton had by this come up to Nod, and seized him with a grip of iron. The latter, not unpre pared for such an incident, grappled with hia assailant. 'Who do you want?' he asked. 44 I'm not yonr mark, at any rate.' 44 Then whore is he ?' 'Find'him yourself,' responded Nolj en deavouring to free himself from the other's tenacious grasp, 'I'm not his keeper, thank the Lord.' 'He's here, then?' demanded Cliyton. And with a violent thrust ho sent Ned flying off somo dozen paces full length upon the floor. 'Come from your hiding-place, you skulking thiof,' ho shouted, 'or I wil: 'rag yon out.' Claud and Nicholas had by this time attained that end of tho old building at which, at we havo already noted, was situate! tho holj loft by the falling in of the machinery. They were creeping quietly along by the wall in tho deep shadow, when suddenly thero was a email, and tho other extremity of tho place was immo diately afterwards illuminated by a bright glaro of fire. The light revealed their position, and George Clayton at once started in pursuit Ho_ had secured Claud, when tho appalling shriek of a woman's voice rent tho air. 4 4 My God ! ' exclaimed Ned ; ' ' tho placo is on fire, nnd the girl's below.' 44 What girl?' asked Clayton. 41 Your daughter Ruth,' answered Claud, excitedly. 'There's not a moment to lose. Let mo go, and I'll tako you to her.' Ned and the Gorman had found thoir way to tho door, and had opened it. Shriek succeeded shriek from below, and then thero was a Bound as of wood being smashed by violent blows. Tho rain had ceased, hut tho wind yet. howled, and with tho dazzling lightning, and tho roar of thunder, and tho crackling of the flames fast engulfing the old placo, tho scone was one of terrible grandeur. 'Got you to the door,' screamed Claud to his uncle, ' and I will bring out Ruth.' George Clayton had barely reaohod the threshold -when ho turned, Btartled by tho rumble of falling timber, only to see tho whole remaining floor give way and his nephew pro cipitatcd head foremost into tho blazing fire, whoso lurid tongues now licked tho ceiling for above, and roared and crackled in their greedy spread. In view of tho fact that tho cracked old walls might, at any moment fall out, Clayton's poBition in the doorway was an eminently dangerous one, and Ned and Nicholas lost no time in dragging him away. Several times he attempted to get near tho blazing ruins again, exclaiming, ' My daughter, my daughter! Save my child !' and it was with difficulty ho was restrained from dashing into tho burning placo. Once he had broken loose from those detain ing him, and was about to enter tho building, when Ned called out, 'Here is the girl.' At that moment Ruth, seeing her father, ruBhed into his arms. ClUTTEE V. — PRESTISSIMO. It is very good for strength To know that some one needs you to be strong. Aurora. Leioh. Bob, tho groom, loBt no time in sotting oat after his master, but in the interval tho latter had succeeded in placing a considerable distance between them. Ho was completely out of sight when the man took to the road. Unacquainted as he wfts with the circumstances which had led to his master's milking this hasty excursion in such threatening weather, Bob had jumped to the conclusion that he was fearful of lus daughter's safety, and had organised this sudden expedition to assist her in tho event of her being caught, as appeared most probable sho would be, in the storm which was gathering, with such portentous haste overhead. Under this impression he had thoughtfully providel himself with some, wraps and a cloak, and thus equipped he started after his master at full gallop. After proceeding something over half a mile he met a closed-in carriage, which ho recognised as that of a near neighbour,} Mr. Frank Hard olave, and being hailed by the ooaolunan ho drew rein. 'What's the matter, Bob, that you're riding as if tho devil was on your heels?' asked Hardclave, putting his head out of the win dow. 'Don't know exactly, sir,' replied Bob, li but master, ho *ave gono'd hout in a 'urry, sir, and told me tor foller. Thinks there's sununat wrong with Miss Ruth ; leastways she's hout and hain't como'd 'omo. Master's ahead and I'm in a 'urry, if you please, sir.' ' Miss Ruth in danger, eh ? Turn the horses Jim and follow this fellow as hard as you can tear. Off with you, Bob, we'll bo even with you there.' And pretty well in company the horseman and the carriage continued the journey to the mill. Fiank Hardclave was tho very essence of good nature. They did say ho had never had a tanner to lose ; certain it is ho had never shown it, and thoro beat as warm and generous a hi art within his big, burly body us one would wish to know. In the deep tones of his full, round, reEonant vo'-jo there was a heartiness of ring that affeotoil all who camo within its influence, and gentle, tender, as a ohild his ways contrasted olniuil humorously with his G feet of stature and groat, broad build. But ho was a combination of contradictions all ways. His warm, brown eyes Boomed ever smiling, yet he was quiet to reserve, and ho was wont to show enjoyment by a comical ehuokle, which gave ono the impression that he stifled laughter as too assertivo altogether. Then roth-ing where others of his physical calibre would boldly occupy tho first place, ho was foremost in aots of gentlo, unobtrusive kiudlinoss and thoughtfnlness. Always forgetful of himself, he seemed to resent two prominonoe his fine proportions gained him mtlpi lw. Tho talis man to his heart was 'holp,' its barrior praise and even thanks, By tho time tho now arrivals, Hardclave and Boh, had come upon the scene, tho raging firu was at its height, although then confined to tho end of tho structure in which it had apparently originated. Bob noticed his mas ter's horses grazing about tho mill, and at once apprised Mb companion of that fact, con cluding thenoe that Mr. Clayton perhaps, arid Ruth too, wore in some way menaced by this .terrible conflagration. Frank had but just alighted from his vehicle, when his ears were greeted by tho heartrending slirieks already referred to. 44 That's Miss Ruth's woico,' exclaimed Bob,1 jumping from hiB home, and running towards tho blazing mill, ' she's inside, somewhere, and mnybo Mr. Clayton is too.' Bob mado straight for tho door, and Frank, intending to seek an ontrance at tho rear, went round by tho side of tho building, and as ho did so tho pieroing ories were heard again and again. Guided by those ho examined the end of the building und found it composed of weatherboard, considerably im paired by age. Hastily pulling a post from an adjoining fence, and using it as a rammer, ho commenced -with right good will to use his herculean strength in battering down the rotten boards. As he -worked ho could hear tho flames within tho building increasing in intensity; every minute seemed preoiouB, and. oold, clammy dropB of perspiration oozed out upon his forehead as ho thought ho might bo too late. But thero was hopo, oven in thoBe Bhrieks whioh rent his ears, whilo they doublod the strength and number of his blows. Ono after another they rained down with doaporato forco upon tho yiolding planks, and soon a gap was mado, and thon, tearing tho broken wood away, Frank rushed into tho building. Ruth, whoso cries had been grow ing fainter through tho suffocating smoke, had scarcely strength enough left to diroot her reBouer's etepB in tho direction whoro sho lay, but tho flames, gaining added fury by the draught of wind through tho brokon timber, gavo Frank light enough to seo, and in a minute he had tho fainting girl in his arms out in tho open air. Then making his way round to the front he gave her into her father's arms, and sho was by him placed in tho carriage. In tie meanwhile Bob, notioing that two men were trying to steal quiotly and unob served away, and suspecting that something was wrong or required explanation in oonneo tion with all this, went after them. 14 In a 'urry, ohapsf' ho asked. ? 14 Yes,' said Ned, 'we're on our way to W ? , and only stopped to watch tho fire. Muoh damage done P' 'Dunno,' answered Bob, ' better wait an' BOO.' 44 Aoh, no,' energetically intoneotod tho voluble German. ' You'ro very goot, vory goot inteet, but we've got us some beesnoss vhioh vo'nt vnit.' 'Butitmust,' responded Bob, determinedly. 44 Come along with me to tho boss. If 'e says as 'ow you may go, well get, if not you stay.' Both men reiterated their intention not tj remain, and Bob as distinctly expressed his in tention to detain them, and while the alterca tion was taking place Frank Hardcluvo cam« up, and Bob intimated to him his belief that tho strangers were suspicious characters, and recommended that they should bo searched. Mr. Hardclave, as a justice of tho peaco of the colony, authorised this, and after very considor ablo troublo and struggling a certain cheque and a promissory-note purporting to bear Georgo Clayton's name were found in tho Ger man's pocket. Without informing Mr. Clayton of the ciroumstanco, tho tw-3 men had their arms tied behind their backs, and in. this fashion were taken on horseback to Westerndalo. When the party reached tho homostead Ne3 nnd the German wero confined in one of the dairy-cellars until tho arrival of a constdblo from W ? , into whose ohargo they wero given, and somo months later they both wero sentenced to long terms of imprisonment, tho one for larceny, and tho other for somo aimilar offence, for which he had long been ' wanted.' Tho only way they could account for tho con flagration was by tho supposition that tho fire Nid had made to boil tho billjr of tea, whioh, unattended to, had spread, and igniting tho dry old boards in its viciuity resulted at lust in the complete destruction of the placo. A year has passed away. Ruth, who long suffered from tho shock sustuincd on tho night of the fire, has recovered her bright spirits, and is her happy self 'again. Sho has learned of her cousin's death, but time has long since healed the wound, and in hia stead another holds a placo in hor heart. It is Christmas Day again, and accompanied by her father and Frank Hardclavo Ruth 'is in Sydnoy, and pro paring for her approaching marriuge. The bells peal forth, and fill tho air with joyous sounds, and all is happiness around, and happiest she to whom the past is but a dream, a cloud of summer having passed over for a moment to obscure tho gladness of the heavens, and then to drift for ever out of view. FlNiLE. mm— ? ???miaiiMi 