THE MYSTERIOUS TENANT. CHAPTER VIIL—(Continued). At 22 Miucia was quite a woman, and felt old enough to look serenely down upon bashful curates with almost a mothorly kindness. She sat for some time looking idly at the fire after Mr. Silbrook had left her, while Dorothy sewed meekly in her retired corner, and mused wonderingly upon the mysterious patron of the Scarsdale poor. Bat by-and-by Miss Denison aroused herself suddenly from her reverie, and took an open letter from a table near her,.—a letter written on foreign paper, in a feminine hand, a hand which was bold and dashing, and masculine in character, but still very obviously a wuman's hand ; for surely the man never yet lived who underlined every other word and adorned every y and g with a loop an inch long. Marcia read the letter, which was a very long one, with a throughtful expression on her face and then rose from her low chair and then left the room, with the flimsy sheets of paper still in her hand. Dorothy looked after her mistress with a wondering expression. Marcia Denison, so calm and placid, had been obviously disturbed and moodily thoughtful to-day since the arrival of the morning post and that flimsy foreign letter. Miss Denison. went straight to the library, where her father was sitting before an enormous fire, with a pile of reviews and newspapers on a table by his side. He tossed a paper away from him impatiently as Marcia entered the room. ''If people would only find something to write about before they take up their pens!" he muttered; "but then I suppose there are times in which the literature of the world would come, to a dead stop, universal bankruptcy. And to think that wo should read any trash just because it happens to have. been written yesterday, -while the dust gathers upon volumes that hold the garnerd wisdom of departed Titans 1 A man poisons his wife in Seven Dials to-day and wo are ready to wade through half-a-dozen pages of evidence in small type to- morrow, while perhaps not one among ton of us would care to lift the mouldering folios that contain the trials of a Strafford and a Stuart, a Russell and a Sydney, from their forgotten places on our bookshelves. Heighol" exclaimed the Baronet, breaking down into a long dreary yawn; " what do you wont, Marcia ? The curate has gone, I suppose, and the bonovolent business is over? What letter is that in your hand, Marcia !" " A letter from Mrs. Harding, the handsome widow whom we saw so much of at Homburg. Do you remember giving her a kind of general invitation to visit us here *" Sir Jasper yawned and reflected. " Did I invite her 1 Tee, it's very likely I did; a charming woman, vivacious, spiritueUe, plays ecarlc as well as any gandin who has served his apprenticeship at a crack club in the Rue Royale; sings a little, Spanish and German ballads, with an accompaniment on the guitar ? Ah, yes, I remember her perfectly, and remember being very much pleased with her—a florid style of woman, but amazingly agreeable. Let her come by all means. When does she talk of coming ?" "Almost immediately; that is to say, between this and Christmas. I'll read you the passage in her letter." Marcia turned over the flimsy leaves, and selected a paragraph in one of them. " 1 And now, dearest Miss Denison, I am going to aek your permission to avail myself of your accomplished papa's more than cordial invitation '" " More thau cordial," muttered the Baronet; " what a pity that cordiality is a kind of intellectual effervescence, which expires as it effervesces! I had forgotten the existence of the woman. Go on, Marcia." "' Your papa's more than cordial invitation, so aften repeated during that delightful stay at Homburg, in which I so enjoyed your congenial society. May I come, dear Denison ? I am such a frank, spontaneous creature myself, that I accept your dear papa's speeches at their fullest value— as I am sure I may—may I not, dear Denison ?'" " You may as well omit the ' dear Miss Denisons' and the ' dear papa? claimed Sir Jasper testily. " How I execrate a woman's letter 1 Is she coming or is she not 1" "' So,'" continued Marcia, "' if your house is not already full of visitors, I shall be very glad to spend Christmas with you. I have been staying in Paris since I left Homburg, and my friends hero are kindly anxious to keep me slill longer ; but my heart yearns for an English Christmas, and for long pleasant talks with you and your dear papa. Therefore, dear Miss Denison, I shall wait one word irom you to say yes or no; and if the answer be 'yes,' I shall cross immediately, spend a day or two in London, and then make my way to Scarsdalo Abbey.' What is the answer to be, papa!" Yes, by all means. The woman has been invited, and the woman must come. She was very agreeable at Homburg; but I'm afraid she - will be rather too florid for England. However, at the worst, she'll amuse us." " But papa," said Marcia, thoughtfully, have you ever considered how little we know of her! Our acquaintance was such an accidental one; and—she was not in the best set at Homburg." Sir Jasper shrugged his shoulders impatiently. What do I know about best or worst sets!'' heexclaimed. " The woman amused me. She seemed to know plenty of people; and she is a lady—of the florid order, certainly. She curtsies gracefully, knows how to get in and out of a carriage without plunging, has hands which have never done any work, and she can eat asparagus or artichokes without making herself disagreeable; and then she is remarkably handsome, and dresses divinely. I should give five or six hundred pounds for good example of Eity, without the dress. Mrs. Harding's flesh tints are finer thau Etty's, and her draperies are as good as Stothard's; so why should we not have her to light up our rooms in this dreary winter weather!" I thought you had set your face against society, papa." Yes, against county society,—the ordinary jog-trot sort of thing which goes on for over; but I have no objection to an occasional visitor. A passing pilgrim newly arrived from Vanity Fair will be welcome ; and he shall rest himself at our hearth, and bring us tidings of the dancing-booths and the circuses and the merry-go-rounds, the newest dolusions of the popular political prcstidigitateur, the mountebanks whoarein luck, and the mountebanks who are out of luck; the births and deaths and marriages, the bankruptcies and divorces, the family quarrels and fashionable scandals, and all the fun of the fair. Don't look at me so despondently, Marcia; but write a civil letter to Mrs. Harding, telling her to come." " I don't think she will care to stay very long in an empty house, papa. She seemed to me a person who could scarcely exist without gaiety and excitement." " In that case let her go away and exist somewhere else. Besides, we shall not bo quite alone; Mr. Pauncefort will spend Christmas with UB, and he can helj amuse her." '• Oh, papa, Mr. Pauncefort is the very last person in all the world to suit Mt6. Harding." " G-ood gracious me, Marcia," cried Sir Jasper, peevishly, "how many more objections are you going to make! I toll you again the woman has been asked to come, and the woman must be allowed to come. If Bhe doesn't like us, she can leave us; if we don't like her we needn't ask her a second time. Go and write your letter, and don't be persistent, Marcia." "Very well, papa; it must be as you please." The letter was written. It was not a very cordial letter; for Miss Denison did not like Mrs. Harding, and was quite unablo to feign a liking which she did not feel. But the epistle was courteous and conciliatory, and the answer came by return of post. Mrs. Harding acknowledged her dearest Miss Denison's affectionate letter, and announced her intended arrival at the Abbey on the 22nd of December. CHAPTER IX. A FLORID WIDOW. The shrill winter winds shrieked among the rocking branches in Scarsdale wood, and howled dismally all through the long moonlight nights in which Sir Jasper's tenant lay awake in the darkness, thinking of all the eight-and-thirty years tbat lay behind him, and of the near horizon that bounded his present lite. Little as we know of him we take it for granted that there has been failure and disappointment of some kind within the compass of these eight-and-thirty years. A man does not voluntarily spend the prime or his manhood in desultory wanderings amid the wildest regions of the earth, and return to his native country only to bury himself in the dusky recesses of a wood, without some very strong reason for his conduct. If George Pauncefort was a poor man, the world was all before him; and he was no listless idler likely to hold himself aloof from the battle-field because the contest was hot and fierce, and the crown of victory uncertain. The smouldering fires of an energetic aud passonate nature were hidden under the quiet of his breast, now so seldom stirred by any violent emotion; a look, a word, or sudden outburst of the man's actual self predominating for a moment over the calm presentment of himself which he offered to the world betrayed the slumbering force, the bidden fire. A lion reconciled to his narrow cage, and feeding meekly from the hands of his keeper, will show himself king of tho forest now and then, despite the excellence of his taming; and there were moments in which Sir Jasper's tenant rebelled against the chains he had imposed upon himself. These were the times in which he was wont to torn his back on the calm quiet of his hermitage and the grave companionship of his beloved books, to tramp over grey moorlands and climb bleak hill-tops under a sunless winter sky. These were the times in which he was wont to start upon that walking-match with Satan, at whose weaiy close he was sometimes fain to confers himself beaten, and to bring the fiend home with him to hie quiet retreat, to occupy the empty chair at his hearth, and to glare hideously at him athwart the fumes of his faithful meerschaum. Sometimes he was victorious, and out-walked the demon, parting company with him amongst the shrill winds upon a heathy ridge of moorland, to tramp homeward cheerily, with his face towards the sky, and all the angry fires vanished out of his es. Mr. Pauncefort had spent a great deal of his time under the bleak winter sky since his visit to the Abbey; but he had returned to the hermitage a few days before Christmas to find a note from Sir Jasper lying amongst the newspapers on his table; a note which reminded him in very cordial terms of his promise to spend Christmas at the Abbey, and claim the fulfilment of the that promise. George Pauncefort twisted the little missive round and round his strong fingers, as he stood by the window looking out at the withered fern and the leafless underwood swaying and croaking drearily in the wind. " Shall I go ?" ho thought. " Whynot 1 Is there any danger to her in my presence! Not a jot 1 Have I not seen her clear grey eyes fixed upon mo with such a tender calmness as may shine in them when she looks at her father! What if I am a passionate fool, who was learnt no lesson from a blighted youth and a wasted manhood i what if I am a fool iu my dotage, and long to lay my heart and soul at the feet of an angel, as I laid them once before the hidden foot of a fiend! Will she be the worse for my folly ! What can I seem to her but an elderly misanthrope, whom she tolerates out of the pitiful tenderness of her nature, as she tolerates tiresome old women iu Scarsdale village, and noisy children at the Sunday school! It is one of the Christian duties of her life to be kind to such a man as I; and if there is danger in her kindness, it is a danger that threatens me alone. Yes, I will go." It was on the 22nd of December that Mr. Pauncafort arrived at this decision. He ordered his servant to prepare for a visit to the Abbey, and to he ready to accompany him there on the 24tli; and in the meanwhile he buried himself amongst his books, and lay awake in tho moonless nights thinkiDg of his past life. It is strange how perpetually the dreaded ghosts of that remote past had haunted him of late, and how often in his dreams the voices of the dead sounded in his ears, while youthful faces, whose bloom and freshness had long vanished from this earth, smiled upon him, and mocked him with their vivid semblance of reality. (To be continued.) 