The Tig-er-hunt at Ohautelngli. By FRKDEBIOK BOYLE, F.R.G.S No. I. "Pray, sir,"! asked, "did yon ever see a tiger ? Ana if so did the tiger ete you." The question was put to a broad cheated, sun-burnt, thick-bearded fellow, who had been sitting all night in the smoking-room of our hotel in Avignon, listening silently to oar Btories. After a moment's pause he answered, "Well, sir, I have seen a tiger, and he likewise saw me. It wouldn't become a man to say what might be the feelings of another quadruped when suddenly introduced to him, but I should tbink, judging by appearances, that tbe tiger was scared badly 1 I treated him raOBt shameful rude, don't greatly mind if I do myself the pleasure of telling you gentlemen that tale, for there's a heap of fun in it, I've always thought." And with this the gentleman began. " I can't see," he said, " that it's of much importance to you to know what my name may be, nor how it came about that I found myself some years since in the city of Ghautsingh. Again, if one looks closely, it don't greatly matter where Ghautsingh is situate, whether in Bengal, Bombay, Madras, the Island of Ceylon, or the Straits Settlement. And if anyone aBks me the present name, business, or residence of any person mentioned in my story, I shall take it rough, and decline to answer. If you gentlemen accept these preliminaries, I'll tell you a tale of nineteen men, one tiger, end twenty fools, inclusive. " The city of GhautBingh is a very noble city, about as truly noble a city as ever you saw one. And the people of Ghaut- Bingh are proud of their digging, I tell you!—proud of their public walks, proud of their courthouse, proud of their cathedral; and they'd doubtless be proud of their bishop likewise if they knew him, for no gentleman, I hear, is more deservedly popular in the neighborhood of his residence at Twickenham, England. There iB an extensive machinery for justice, civil and criminal, in this happy city, of which, again, the inhabitants are proad ; it delighted me much to find that all the judges and barristers possessed such sagacity, that tbe course of business was DO way impeded by their utter ignorance of the language of witnesses, police, and criminals. The chief military ruler of Ghautsingh is DO smaller pumpkin than a General, you bet; commonly advanced in years, and of a miraculous hBughty carriage. He looks at a man out loud, and never seems to tbink much of him. He speaks low when you're at a distance, and growls when you close up. I made a special note for the benefit of hie aides-de-camp whenever I heard a minister read that prayer for them that's bearing children; there are few have to bear one as heavy, as mischievous, and as thick-headed, as the Commandant of Ghautsingh. Tou'll Bee, then, gentlemen, that this place is favored alike by heaven and by the Commanderin-chief. It's not a lively city, but I don't know where you'd find a nicer club than it possesses to camp in, when weary of human society. It's not a fast city, but the racecourse might still serve a turn or two if they'd only roof over the drains. It is not a social city, but that is owing to the abominable conduct of every dweller therein towards every other—any inhabitant will explain the how to you. As a mere passer-by I record my opinion, that every soul iu Ghautsingh is a lightdown good BOUI, and nobody's enemy excopt every other person's in the town— and his own. " But there's an institution there of which the folks don't seem so perky as of the Bishop they can't see, and the General who can't see them—that is, the Botanical Gardens. Now I'm not all things in flowers, nor yet in trees, so to speak. I'd not take oath very loud as to the radical distinction between a pineapple and a pumpkin. But I've earned something reportable in the matter of applause among folks who consumed no small stock of home-made gas about their gardens. I'll tell you how I do it. First I look at the walks and the beds, and if they seem Bquare and trim, I say aloud, and, as it were, raptured, 4 Madam,' I say, ' you've hit off the divine thing 1 Your resplendent garden, madam, reminds me of the blooming _ prairie, where the dahlia and the marigold, tbey stand in rows decorous ; so that it's amazing for to contemplate 'em as I've done, madam, in the midnight march, when the Indians were around us, and the air as black as a crow at a nigger funeral!' ' La!' says madam. " Or if the walks be juBt of the other fashion, a bit weedy, and the flowers set nohow ; I Bay,' Madam, you've hit off the divine thing! Your stately garden, madam, reminds me of a new clearing up Montana way, where the spotted pnma seeks whatever he can get, and the savage CUBS cultivates his back hair behind his ancestral bit of log timber ]' That's the way to fix the female creature, when she thinks to get a rope on you about her flowers and euch folly. " But those gardens in the city I'm Bpeauing of are something—or I thought BO anyhow. Maybe 'twas the weeds I took for flowers, and worthless lumber that seemed to me so exquisite pretty. I'd not deceive you by putting out my opinion as worth money, unless any man was downright pressing to pay for it. Maybe I never saw the real " treasures" of the, place as they call 'em. And I don't mind tbe rubbing of a brass cent if I didn't The weeds of that country were sweet enough and bright enough to do my heart good, and seemed, like the wild birds and butterflies that fluttered over them and hung like diamonds in the deep sunrays, to fill all a man's soul with wonder and delight 1 I lived just in front of one of the gates of the gardens, and it grew to be my chief pleasure to stroll np tbe broad shadowy walks, when business left me an hour to myself. In the day time I loitered up and down, hardening to the hum and murmur of the insects, watching the little winged lizards flit from trunk to trunk, or standing to admire some basking reptile that clung flat along the bark, with his crimson crest outspread, and emerald body gleaming in tbe sun. Winged creatures sat astride of every flower, and quivered and balanced themselves, spreading their pictured discs upon the petals, closing them and opening again •o that one could not tell whether 'twas a flower that had taken life, or a butterfly that had bloBsomed on a stalk. There wtre snakes, pretty harmless creatures, that lay like long skeins of satin in tbe sunny nooks, and there were horrid, beautiful things, that moved with soft rustling, like ghosts, among tbe shadowed corners of tbe shrubbery. Squirrels there were, no bigger then a mouse, that ran up and down the trunks, and peeped and frisked away. Birds, green ae leaves and red as flowerB, enamelled like jewel-work, changing and prismatic as diamonds, fluttered in tbe boughB at early morning; and the coo of wild doves, the pretty, distant cry of the 1 wa-wa' monkeys made evening musical. Ah, they're lovely those gardens of Ghautsingh ! " Well, gentlemen, I'll say no more on this subject. What I wish to tell you was that tbe Ghautsingh Gardens were a favourite spot with me, for the study of nature, and other meditations not much effected in that city; and it was owing to to my unmanly weakness for those pursuits that I saw a tiger once, and he saw ma. " We'd been banqaetting one evening at the house where I stayed. There was come one married, or some one dead, and {elks were Interested in tbe event,—I g r s s c t f T t h f t t f don't mind now which it was, nor who, nor why. We'd drunk freely about the bouse on the occasion, and we'd eaten something, I tell you! so that when, towards two in the morning, the last of our guests whizzed down the avenue in a big buggy and a state of liquor, there were few heroical actions I didn't feel fit to undertake right off, for the love of a Chinese rfo&y-girl;, with eyes like black beetles, and hair like a greased horse-tail, whom I met down by the riverside that day. There were few things, very few things, that I didn't feel the mnn within my bosom quite up to on that nieht. But one of 'em was—to go to bed. I'd known the sensation before, and I'v« known it since ; a mighty nurious sensation that is. There's an earthquake on the road towards your respectable dwelling ; there's battle and murder in the next block, and sudden death at the doctor's next door. But come earthquake, or battle, or death, ' Damme,' says you, 'if I go to bed !' That was my haughty remark that night. "So I went into the verandah with my friend, and we lighted cheroots. The air was clear as water, the moon shone bright as though she'd no other spot in the universal world to light up, except our little bungalow and gardens. Looking across the lawn, on which every blade of grass sparkled as with hoar-frost,— between the trunks of nutmeg trees, and mammy apples, and nameless, sweet- Seshed fruit that studded the grass ;— beneath the great crowns of cocoanut which sparkled in the moonlight;—over the big, spreading leaves of tbe banana trees, that hung motionless and glistening in the Btilly air;—beyond them all, t'other side the way, in fact, I saw the black archwny of big boughs which roofed the entrance to the gardens. And I said to my friend, ' Let's smoke our cheroots in those walks across the road there.' But he said,' I'm going to bed !' and I felt euch contempt for him and virtue, I didn't even wait to swear; but marched down the steps and along the avenue. And in three minutes I stood in the pitchy shadow of tbe walks. " Well, gentlemen, I've told you what like are the Ghautsingh Gardens by day, and I could hold out this hour on their beauty at midnight. But maybe you'd think a man was boring you, and that is taken as rough among friends. I'll not dwell upon the stillness of the night, therefore, nor tell st length how each leaf, and each hanging orchid, and each great frill of fern upon a bough, glittered in the moonbeams, or, more pretty still, stood out in shadowed tracery against the pale blue sky. I'll not strain my fancy to describe the swarms of fire- flieB which flashed from tree to tree in sudden sheets and floods of silver, and vanished again in darkness. I'll be almost dumb as to a thousand flower- Bcents that filled the air with sweetness in successive strata—the " Sundal Malam," Love-at-Night, as the Malays prettily call it, the Cape-jasmine, the perfumed vanilla. It's enough to say that, what with banquetting, cheroots, and the beauty of the scene, my feelings rose to that extent, I began to think seriously about the other world. " Well, boys, that's a subject that has ways interested me whenever it's chanced to come uppermost, owing to extra'ornary information that I gained upon it in early life. I'd great advantages, it's not to be gainsaid. I don't know that ever I met the man—barring an Indian padre, up Costa Rica way, who did his duties in a mad-house—with more sound, but various knowledge of the devil's virtues than old Josh, a blind buck nigger we had at home in Illinois. JoBh wasn't much of a man for this world, but he was a strike for the next, mind you ! There were ideas that nigger had euch as I've sought for vainly under any other colour, red, or white, or higglee-pigglee. Among his notions was one about the devil—there was a good ten thousand besides, but this one specially agitated my boyish bosotn. Says Josh—' Mas'er,' says he,' don' you tink old Satan's black: it's a darn bad compliment to colored folk to tink it! I a'nt ole Satan. Nor don' you tink he's white ; old Satan a'nt a gen'lman 1 Tell you what he be I Ole Satan be stripe! His skin be red an' yeller, becas the yeller folk an' the Ind'ans they're at the handle eend of a' mischeef. An' he's got white bellum, becas white folk is at the bottom of a' mischeef. An' he'B stripe a' over his back, becas the bad niggers they atop of a' mischeef. That's what old atan be colored 1' says Josh. " Whenever I think serious of the other world, I always chuckle by the hour together at that buck nigger's idea of the devil. And it's natural, being deeply meditative that night, that I should be uncommon tickled with the notion. 1 was strolling along a high, deep walk, cut clean out of the shrubberies. It waB black as a well. The moonbeams shot through here and there, and frosted up a twig or flower. The areca palms stretched their fronds above, and glittered like an icy waterfall. But at bottom of the path it was dark and pitchy. Just beyond, a cross road had been cut, and there the moonlight streamed across, white as silk I was chuckling out loud. On a sudden in the snowy break in face of me. Josh's devil showed himBelf! Not standing out brave like a man and a friend, but creeping, crouching, with head downpreBsed, and fiery, blazing eyes turned full upon me. I could make out his red and yellow skin, his white breast, and the stripes of the bad niggers. He stood, and I stood. I wasn't much scared, because of that banquetting. ' Darn me I' I Bays, ' if here aint ole Satan I Now what in thunder does he want here away.' " I turned the matter over, and it struck me to ask him. Satan didn't seem talkative any; but he was real steam power at a stare. I went a hit cloBer, and then I saw he'd a tail, and a lively one. Most like tiger, I thought. He didn't seem a bad sort, so I pushed a bit near, and then he lifted his head, and looked in a manner haughty. Twaen't likely Fd Btand any of those airs, was it ? I put my hands to my mouth, and rushed right at him, yelling like a Comanche war chief when he sees a child that has loBt its nurse. I ran my hardest, and shouted my darnedest, but old Satan was quicker, I tell you! Yes sir 1 To see the bolt that wicked creature made would have done old Cotton Mather's heart good, and sent up his chapel Btock above par. A growl and a clash and a rushing through the bushes was all the sign made by the mean- spirited CUBS, when I went for him, and how it came about that I didn't do anything in particular for an hour after, but sat under a treo, looking about me at the general creation, and wondering what it all meant, that's a mystery I won't attempt to open ; for creature more shame-faced and more gentlebearted than that old Satan you never saw off the platform of a Temperance Society, or the murder dock of an Assize Court. I went home, gentlemen, and I didn't o to bed. I eat chuckling and thinking and larfing, like champagne in a glass from time to time. You ee there were great capacities for highlass jokes in tbe presence of a full-grown shame-faced tiger about the most ashionable promenade of Ghauteingfa. here was an old clergyman about hat settlement at that time;—Lord! hope he's there still, for I bear im no malice, though unused to being ired at free from the pulpit Til ell you how that was. This parson used A he idee once npon a time among the seaaring folk, bnt it hung on the wheels. P Folks heard his banjo, and his wife's placer, and hiB daughter's Bopraner, and it made their throats crack iiko an ovcrpressed boiler only to listen. So when the first performance was through, they calls for gin and arrack. Says the parson to me on the platform, mighty flustered,—' This is a darned mistake !' 6ays he. ' Tbey han't no bnBinees to want liquoring; and roll me flat into an arable farnj if ary one of 'cm shall have it ! Scriptur's dead against the principle!' bawls he to the seafaring folk. Says I, 'Your exten sive and elegant learning has sorter stopped up your brains. Scripture tells us that when King David brought Saul over to the temperance movement and stopped his allowance, the instrument he used was a harp, whereon David was " A 1, much recommended" among all folks of his time. But you, Parson, you play the banjo ! and you'll pardon me if I publicly declare—that never on this earth was a darneder clmcklehead at that employment than yourself !' The seafaring folk'eaid I was right, and smashed every stick straight away ; but the parson, he took it rough, and hit hard next Sunday at national vices; specially singling out what he chose to call American irreverence. In regard to which I'd tell him, there's as much true religion, ae much worship, and as much practical Christianity in any village of Illinois, as ever wag or ever is like to be among the traders and soldiers of Ghautsingh. " That story has nothing to do with my tiger, nor would I deceive you, gentlemen, in claiming any share in tbe moral. I was going to say that this fat parson was in the habit of wandering about the Gardens before daylight, and at other hours which decent bred people don't know by sight. I'll admit I had serious thoughts at first of lying by and keeping dark, and letting the old fool run his chance of meeting the creature. But then,thought I, on maturely weighing the pros and cons, this tiger is so shamefaced, he might run, and then Parson, he'd get that immortal glorious, he'd bust up with the sound of hymns and tea-urns. That's a national vice of English folk that was not mentioned in hie discourse. So, on the whole, I resolved to let the fact be known, and set the government shikaris to work, which I did. The American gentleman paused in his tale, emptied hie glass, and rose. " But you have not come to the tiger-hunt at all!" I exclaimed. "Sir," said the story-teller, " we're all young. The house, though new, seems indifferent well set up, and neither earthquakes nor sudden death are common in these parts. To-morrow night, or next week, please the powers, I'll do myself the pleasure of telling how we bunted that tiger, and what came of it all. Good night!" 