ENTERTAINMNT AT TALLANGATTA The Tallangatta Amateur Musical and Dramatic Society held their first concert in the Court-house on Friday evening last. The hall was crammed, and money had to be refused at the doors. The concert was for the benefit of the Athenaeum, and the funds wore consider ably benefited. Much credit is due to Mr Perkins, the musical direc- tor, for the very creditable manner in which he had inaugurated the affair. Where all were good, it would be invidious to particularise; but praise is due to Messrs Bruton, Southern, and Hostin for the manner in which they performed their parts. Mr Hennessy, as interlocutor to the minstrels and in the principal part in " The Manager in a Fix," was inimitable. He and Bruton were the stars, not forgetting Mr W. Carkeek in the sailor's hornpipe. We have seen this gentleman dance a quarter of a cen tury ago, and must say that he mellows with time. M Charles Southern re ceived a well merited encore for "Jack's come home to- day," this number being especially good in enunciation and pathos. Amongst the centre-men in the minstrels honourable mention should be credited to Messrs Shinnig, Hostin, Banks and McGrath. In the sentimental portion Mr Henty, in get-up and rendition, was fairly good. ln "Old Jeff" Mr Bruton was perfection, the last verse having to be repeated. It is sufi cliont to say that the accompanists were Messrs Perkins (piano)and l Fortes:ue (violin). As fonello mclurotors, Wallie Dyring, Tom Ballard, and eWm. Spil,::no iwori'uo'ed. ,rThe part of thes ghost was well rendered by George Ballard, both in theo' " tragicsomii '': sketch a of :" The .ilcho and thie Ghost." in conjunctibn with Messrs .Ballard ancd HEosth, and in. -"ThTe Minnage:in a Fix." The fAlts of the Athenmunm awill. hbenfit asome £10 by the oncert, autdit is felt that Mr Per 'kinm is a great acquisition to the district. It only shows lhow urgolt the want is for a suitable-building in Tallaugatta for a perfuriitaiceo bf.this siort.. 'Talleungatta Thns the talent, lnd it is now shown that appl,reciative audiences cian he secured if a hall were built to hold theum. We cane lnot conlclude this without calling atten 'tiom to tie unsoomly conduct of two '7arrikins ia?tho stalls,:and we would also ..faiintly robuke ladies for sitting in tile imnmdiato front, nurain"g chilldre, with ieatas of:3 foot radidi. T'ho indefatigable "Jn."so cretjy, IMr Walter Plemberton, carried out his arduous dutioes to general .satisfactiotn. ,?. ?hlio editor of that clever : little paper :Ihue dlea discovered tihat his young lady wore. tw sets tof gold-mounted false teeth, .ntld lei,.sat edown and wrote It poem, ,entitled;," Rich and raro wero the gues eshe wore." A. buy lhauring swallowed a fourpenny bitl his parents put six doses of enatoer oil in immediaite pursuit. .et being quick vih'er, it was caught. 