moveU&t; PUT ASUNDER: LADY CASTLEMAINE'S DIVOBCE. CH&PTEB; XXIV. THEI1ITTI1B .SEED. By BERTHA M. CLAY, AUTHOROF "HISONB MISTAKE," "THBOWH THEWOELD," "A.STBUGGMFOB A KING " A BITTEBATONEMENT," ETC, " Mdy I come in ?" eaid Ipabd Hyde. "Yes," Lady Castlemaine hastened to answer. "I was longing for yon. Yon can go, Janet," said. th9 young countess to her maid. _ There could be no prettier picture than the interior of that dreBsiogroom, .with_ its hundred treasures of art, its luxurious disarray. Dtdy CftBtlem&ine;, in a dressing-gown of psle-blue silk, embroidered in white flowerB, her long, golden hair lying like a veil over Iter shoulders, was one of the loveliest piotures. The ruddy glow" of the firelightfell foil npon her, and deepened the ddicious tintsof her faca, her eyes, her hair, and her dress. She pointed to a chair. Sit down, Isabel," she said. u l was longing to see yon. I have come to this oon- - elusion, that the greatest luxury on earth is to have one's hair well brushed after a long; night's dancing." ' . " Brushing yonr hair is no light task, It is so abundant," said Isabel, passing her hand caressingly over the shining waves. Carreesingly; bnt the thought was that soma day that saintly, queenly head would be humbled, to the dust. . "I shall not mind it it I fall with her?' die said to herself, 11 provided only fhat she falls." • And there was ever before her, both by day and by night,, a picture of a queenly White Ease fallen into the dnsi and the mire—with* ered, faded, and dead. ' None of theee thoughts were written in her faae; that was smiling and bright enough, as she said: , - "It was not about the luxury of hsSrdressing yon wanted to fleeme,X3«rtrude?'' " Indeed it was not," langhed Lady Castlemaine. " I wanted to tell yon how much I enjoyed my conversation with a groat hero. Do yon know, Isabel, he seems quite different from other men." ^ 41 He is different,'" said Miss Hyde, with a' peculiar smile, v Do you really like him ?" " I do; very mnch indeed; he interests me greatly. Ishe matried, Isabd?" - " No," replied Miss H>de. " Such men as Colonel Lennox never marry." - • ; • " Bat surely he loves some one. I cannot* imagines brave knight without a Mr lady." ! -".There is none m -this case," said Miss Hyde, "or I should have heard of it. If Colonel Lannox. were to devote himself to. any woman, that woman would be for the time, queen of b11 fashionable London." . " Why do jdu not enter delists, Isabd?" asked Lady Castlemaine. She held the shining waves of hair in her hand, and ;was watching the golden hue. " You would win, I am sure." "I might," Baid Isabel, carelessly; "but although I hive a great admiration^ for Colonel Lennox, he is not the kind of man I ! shonld fall in love-with or marry." «' Pprhapa not," sud Lady Castlemaine, thoughtfully; "but he Is a great hero, IsabeL Do yon see how the fixe flashesfroinhia eyes? I should like for once to see him in a rage; he would be something magnificent." " Something terrible," interrupted Isabel. "I shonld not like it. Bat, Gertrade,yoa really would like to Bee him sometimesand talk to him?" "Yes," answered Lad; Castlemaine; "I really should." " Then will yoa take a little advice from me, .Gertrude? Yoa will never regret it. Yoa would like to be on friendly terms with Colonel Lennex—to ask him to your balls and parties ?" " I should," replied Lftdy Castlemaine. " And yon will be able to do so.. He may even become the tame eat of the house, if yoa will follow my advice, Gertrade." . s" Let me hear it first," said Lady Castle maine. - "Say votlpngabcM Mm just at first toLot^ Castlemaine." "But why nojb?" asked*Lady Castlemaine. "Why not, Isabel?" «I will tell yon," she replied. She drew the shiningwaves of golden hair through her own hands/andthere wasa strange, pale smile around her lips as she answered; "I will tell yon; for, with all yonr quickness and yonr cleverness, yon do not nnderstand the world as well as 1 do. I win . tell yoa, Gertrade. Althoagh Oolonel Lennox is the hero of the day, the great'mam of the hoar— although he is one of v the- finest of Her Majesty's officers, there are juat a few people frith whbm he is not popular." ; ;"They are jealous of him," said Lady Castlemaine. ' "It may be that," was the diplomatio jreply. " Colonel Lennox holds strong political opinion* of his own. He~nrged a certain line of conduot daring the Zola war which V made him enemies." v "That;is not just, 4 ' cried Lady Castlemaine. . " It Is not just, but few things are in this strangely managed world," said Isabel; and c she bit her lips as she thought of a certain injuatiae don^to her. . "Men form utrong opinions on such matters,".ehe continued, "and they often hold bitter prejudices against eaoh other." bis vices passed onthe otherside oTthe road ] and held out no imnct to him. I If Lady Castlemaine had even heard one of those terrible stories about him, she would have dedjneS^io -meet him, and woold have knoim ihtf her herb- worship was wasted. But tbe impression, so cleverly convey^ to her was that Colonel Lennox waa ecoentrio or peculiar in his line of polities, and eo drew on himself the diaUke of those who did not think as he did. The whole .world mnst admire him as a brave soldier, a man of magnificent- courage 1 ; bat all men Sid not of > necessity admire hla politics. "Bnt, Lfebfil/'jehesald, "although Budolph takes the greatest intexeri in politics, he woald never be so anbir as to.^dike each ja man as Colonel Lennox.on.aeconnt of his opinions, let them be what ihey may." . " I do not say that he dislikes him, that is going too far; I merely say that I have noticed in Lord Castlemaine a shadow Of dislike to /him, a faint shadow." «I have never even ,heard him mention'his name," cried Lady Castlemaine. «• Nor have I," said Isabel. - " It waa by lus perfect silenoe when the colonel's name was mentioned, and the expressive shrug of his "Moulders that I knew Lord Castlemaine did not like him." « 7oq are quick, and have a keen instinct, Iknow,*' eaid Lady Castlemaine; "bat even . if it so, why should I caife ? I do not like all of Budolph's friends, nor do I expeot him to llkeall mine." rr "At last—at last!" Isabel coald hardly withhold the xapturons cry that rose, to her lips. . Here was the small seed sown in good ground—if she oould but cherish it, cultivate it—watch it nntil it grew into a strong plant. But she must be .careful—her fingers must not grasp it too tightly, 01 it would perish —she -must not guard it with breadth of fame or it would die." " No," she replied, slowly," that is quite an exploded idea—indeed, the Castlemaine idea of matrimony is altogether out of date. Husband and wife in these days choose their re speotive friends and go each in his or her own way." u I woald never choose a friend whom Bddolph did not like though," said Lady Castlemaine. Ahl little seed yoa are hardly strong enough to plant at present I OH " " O! coarse not," Bald Isabd," and this is why I am intruding my advice npon yoa. It yoa were to go to Lord Castlemaine now, and say to him, 'I have met Colonel Lennox, and I like him, I should like him to be invited to the house,' he would, with all the Castlemaine obstinaoy, reply that he did not like him, decline to invite him, and there woald at once be civil war. Yoa see that, Gertrude?" " Yes," she replied, thoughtfully," I see it, Isabel." " Whereas, if yoa are careful and Quiet for a short time, yoa need not have one word on thesabjeet." "Bnt what is yonr advice?" asked Lady Castlemaine. "Yoa have not given it to me yet." . Resolute as she was, her lips paled and the hands that held the shining golden -hair trembled, as she answered. "I shonld cultivate a friendship -with Colonel Lennox without your husband know, ing it; not for long, just for a few days or weeks. Then,- when yon know him pretty wall, and have established: yoar friendship, yonr husband will take it as a matter of course, and there will be nothing said." " That -seems to me a weak argument; said Lady Castlemaine. " Still as yoa are generally " right in what yoa think, -•-.Iwill.be gaided by yoa. Bqigfen, Isabel, Badolph is always oat with " Not always. Yoa often drive alone' in J the park ; at afternoon tea Lord Castlemaine is seldom present; he has his dub engagements; yoa go at times to balls without him, and sometimes to the opera." "I did not know that I was so often parted from him," said the young wife, half sadly. Isabel Hy&e; had the sense to know that she had said enohgb. She was wise enough to know that another word woald make Lady Castlemaine espouse her husband's cause, and refuse the friendship of a man whom he did not like. She turned the conversation to quite another subject, but she knew from the expression of thought on the beautiful face that the seed she had dropped bad fallen on good ground. • . No true? o^Sore faithful wife lived than jjady Castlemaige; ehe had ho thought, no interest, no care away from her husband; she loved him with true and tender love. But there was just a spice of romanoe here that Captivated her fancy—to form, a friendship.with this magnificent man who was a g^eat hero. There was a gleam of .romance in it, and she had not the fatntest*idea of evil or harm. She was to make friends with Jiim first, and tell her husband afterwards, when she knew him well. Isabd talked to her of the coming masquerade to be held at Eaneleigh House, to be given by the Duohese of Eaneleigh, and whioh was to be the leading/ete of the season. Have you decided abont costume yet?" she asked. "No; I have noi began to think of it yet. Should we go aB Bebecca and Bowena, bd?" ( "With only one Ivanhoe between ns," she replied, laughingly. " Oh, no, Gertrade, we mast *h«nir of something better than that." She did not fall adeep till morning dawn; for in .her fandy, all night long, she was. watching the growth of the little seed ehe had sown. CHAPTER XXV. . THE GROWTH OF THE SEED. Daring the next few days, no matter where Lady Castlemaine went or whom she met, the conversation always turned on Colonel LennoXj liis bravery, and bis adventures. The nine-day's wonder had not died out; he ms still a great hero. No new eoandal had been told of him, and there were some people who hdieved that rumor had been exaggerated. One thing was quite certain—any lady whom he admired be- came the fashion. He was an authority on the snbjeot of feminine beauty, as on politics and war. ~ . At firstpeople did not notice his devotion to Lady Castlemaine. At firstthey met but rarely. Lord Castlemaine was his wile's shadow; he was still too maoh in love with her to be happy for one moment when he was away frota bar; he disliked ail those engagements that kept him from her side, bat there were times, when it was quite unavoidable. It did not strike Lady-Castlemaine, either, how strange it was that whenever she went out without her husband the colond was by het side at once. • Lord .Castlemaine could not . go to. the DacheBs of Bandeigh's ball. *lt was only at the last minute he found he mast go to Portsmouth to say " good-by " to an oldiriend who was sailing away. : Lady Gartlemaxne and Isabelwent together; they had agreed to dress eo as to represent their dd characters—the White .Bose and the BedBose. LsdyCaBtlemainelooked especially charming,' She wore a white silk, richly embroidered with fine pearls and trimmed withepraya of white roses; she worse, white zosebuds round tbe neck of her dress, and a lovdy white rose, the ideal of herself, nestled The costume of the Bed Boise was quite as greafea success. The-dark, passionate beauty -ot Isabel Hyde bad never showed tdsnch advantage as in the exquisite dress of pale eep rose silk* and its elaborate trimmings of dt red roees. She wore a small wreath 0' damask roeee in ber hair. Sooiety smiled at seeing its two favourites in their last year's characters. Two more •beautiful women never entered a ball-room. Strange to say, altbongh on the Satorday morninp, when they met, Colond Lennox told Lady Castlemaine he should not be at the ball, there he was, advancing to meet her, with a smile on that bold, handsome face of bis, before which, if she had been a wiser woman, she would have fled,or died.^ She was sprronnded, as neaal, b"a little crowd of coarliers; be towered above them all. He took the jeweled tablets from her hand in his most graceful and courtly fashion. ^ " I mean (0 be selfish to- night," be said; and L*d| Castlemaine eaw that he had plaoed bis name against every, waiia. She shook her blonde head gravely at him, and what he thoaght the familiarity of the graceful gerturc intoxicated him. There was a spice of romanoe about it all that amused her; it was the old story of Heraules and the distfiff, of Cleopatra and Mark Antony, over again. To the feminine mind, there will always be something delightful in the conquest of strength and bravery. Lady Castlemaine had not the faictest suspicion of dtii. She had regretted with meet bitter regret that her husbftnd had not been able to accompany her; but there was something of romance in the fact that every time the music of a wall z sounded this splendid colonel immediately sought her. She had no idea of doiog anything that was in the least degree imprudent or unseemly; but he charmed her so that Bhe forgot everything else, and loDged for bis conversation again. There was never a wooor so eloquent as he. He told her stories, aeccdotis, adventures, some full of rollicking fuo, some of infinite pathos—all pure as thouch he had been conversing with an angfl. But they interested and amused her; and when be left, she looked forward with eagerness to their next interew. He dar.eed with her so often this evening, and m%do himself so conpp'cuou3V>y his devotion to her, that Isabel thought it prudent to administer a warning.. It would not do for strange or untrained hands to force this seed, whioh she had sows with such care. " Gertrade," die whispered, " I woald hot danoe again with Colond Lennox." " Why ?" she asked, impatiently. . " The reason is obvious," said Miss Hyde. "That was yonr third waits, and people are beginning to look at yon." " To look at me I" cried Lady Castlemaine. " What for ? Why should they look at me ?" Isabel Hyde shrugged .her shoulders. "Yon know how people talk," she said. " Suppose that to-morrow some one jests before Lord Castlemaine about the number of times yoa have waltzed with that handsome colonel. You would not like it?" " No," she replied, dowly. " I might not like it, bat I do not eee that it ooald matter mach." , As it was in tins case, so in every other; no matter where she appeared, there, sooner or lata, came Colond Lennox. " I could almost believe," she said, laughingly, to him one morning," that yoa mast receive s telegram from the birds to Bay when and where I am going." . She did not notice tbe sudden flush on his, face, nor the still more suspicious fact that Isabd Hyde had turned quickly aside, as though she did not care'to hear the words. Twice when she was out in^e park, onee at a garden party, and once at the Zoologioal Gardens, Bhe had met him when she was with Isabel; and he had made eomaehof these occasions that she began to look npon him as an old friend. She had never meant any concealment, any disgaise, any deceit; lea£t of all had she thought in any way of keeping secrets from jier huBband; she had merely carelessly followed Isabel's words—not to speak to her husband just at fitst about it. She wae too young and too .guileless of heart to think modi of it, or to see any evil in it. She was now oh quite friendly terms with him. She had met him twice at Lady Creason's at five o'clock tea, and they talked on nntil .Lady Castlemaine had been compdled to drive home quickly, and had a very narrow escape of befog late for dinner. She was less on her guard now, and after dinner, daring a long conversation which took place on. the different stations of men,. their different employments and professions. ; Lady Castlemaine said, suddenly: " I like soldiers best. If I were a man, I would neither be a lawyer, a dootor, a politician, nor anything else, tmt a Boldier." ' tit was curious how strange a silenoe followed this remark. ' # Lord Onatlemaine looked at his wife, "Yoa have few opportunities of studying the different professions, Gertrade. What makes yoa say that ?" She was conBcions in one moment of her own indisoretion, and hastened to cover it. 4 1 Soldiers are heroes," she said. Lord Castlemaine laughed. Yes, they were quite good friends now. They met with smiles, parted with regret thought with pleasure of the next interview. On her dde there was nothing but this feeling of great interest, of quiet amusement, of hero worship. On his, there was the consciousness that he loved for the firsttime in his life, and with all the desperation of' a man's first passion Verily, the little seed was growing, and, • would soon be 8 strong plant I Then he became impatient to see more of her, and that coald not be done unless he knew her hasband, and tiould call at the hoase. " The Lady of Neath," he called her in his own mind, and he wished that the days of chivalry were baok again, that he mfght proclaim himself her knight, fight for ber, die for her. All his past wicked life seemed to rise up in vengeance against him,'now that he was earnestly and deep in love. What a wretched past, what shameful memories, what horrible remembrances 1" "Bat she mil never know," he said tohimeelf. " No one will tell hec. In her beautiful eyes I BhaU always be a great hero, and I de sire no more." Bat he mast see her oftener; he oonld no longer bear that a whole twenty-four hours should pass without one glimpse of her, "I shouldJike to know Lord Castlemaine," he said to her, one day. "Nothing would be easier," she replied " Will you introduce me, Lady Castlemaine ? " he asked. " Yes; I will, with pleasure," she replied. "Five o'dock tear is quite an institution at Neath House—will yoa call to-morrow and take a flapwith ns ? ? " I shall be most charmed and happy," he replied. " It ia the desire of my heart to visit your house;'' Again a slight frown on her face warned him. "Ihave been told," he continued, "that Neath House is one of the finestmansions in town, and I admire beautiful houses." " A strange taste for a soldier," Bhe replied, laughingly. 4 1 1 like a camp better," he cried. But die would not believe him, and playfully ,called him a oarpet knlght. They laughed and jested, and were mote friendly and more familiar than they had ever been before. - She was pleased at the idea that he Bhould visit her, pleased that he should wish to know her huBband; bat there was no tifhe to speak of it. t „ , Thatevening die went totwo different baus, and in the morning she was too tired to relnembet.it. She had been anxious to tell Isabdl, bat in the varied engagements of theday Bhe forgot all about it. ' As events turned oat, it did not much matter, bat it iB possible that if she bad told her hasband that morning wh'o was' to be her guest in the evening, a tragedy might have been averted. CHAPTEB XX.VL A rrns. o'oiiocx tea. The drawing-room at Neath Hoase wfis a magnificent room. It ran along the wholelength of the bailding; it had six large windows that opened into a balcony, which was always filled with fairest flowers, all the flowers that Lady Castlemaine liked best— small clusters of white lQaos, the lovely, nsrcisBus, the white daphne, the white rose;, white was to be seen everywhere. It was a room bright as' sanshine, flowers, light, and magnificence could m&ke; it. The fiveo'clock tea at Neath House was an institution, bat Lady Castlemaine was very particular aB to who attended. 1 The invitees were all her own particular and intimate friends, and she was mnch bdoved in general society. She erijoyed social life. To see herself surrounded by fair young girls, by witty and piquant matrons, was a pleasure to her. She enjoyed these little reunions; She liked to hear the last anecdotes, the last new novel discussed, the last new fashion commented npon; the newest engagement, the last fashionable marriage—all were conned over with many a merry laugh and jest. The ladies wore such pretty dresses, the colors were so beautiful, ihe sound of the silvery voices and laughter was so sweet. Lady Castlemaine's teas were famous; those who had been once longed to go again. , On this evening, when Colonel Lennox was to pay his' first visit to the honse, Lady Cutlemaine looked more lovely than uB^al! She was thinking a little of him when she ohoae that most exquisite of tea gowns,-whioh was a combination of pale-blue velvet and white satin. It was impossible to tell where one began and the other ended. On her golden hair lay tbe loveliest little picture of a cap; her white hands shone with jewels. The little table before her was a poem in itself; the old- fashioned silver service, the Sevres china, delicate and beautiful as flowers; the fragrant tea, with thick, rich cream fresh from tbe oountry; and Lady Castlemaine, while she dispensed tea with her own fair hands, led the conversation. She waB the wittiest, the quiokest at repartee in all that brilliant band of beautiful women. Isabel Hyde wore a tea gown elaboratdy oon«traoted of fawn-colored velvet and rosepink silk, the soft tints of whioh made her faca look the brighter. There was only one drawback to the perfect happiness of the beautiful mistress of that splendid house as she sat there, and it .was that her husband was absent. All her favorite friends were present. Miss Hyde, who was still visiting-Neath House; the young and most vivacious Countess of Erksdale, who oould talk twioe as muoh and'twioe as long as any other lady; there was the beautiful and bright young matron, the Duchess of West water, who had the oandid blue eyes of a child, with a mindfull of wit and misohief; there was tbe sweet-faced, sentimental Lady Buchanan, who thought nothing more sub stantial than flowersworth disoussing; Lady Eastlake, the leader of the sssthetio school, who almost died of a sunflower and went into ecstaoies over a lily; there was the lively and ooquettish young Marchioness of Heathers, who made war all round, her eyes, like arrows, pierced the hearts of the men who gazed upon her, and she had nothing whatever to offer them by way of oonsOlation; there was Miss Gtantly, the famous heirees, who never opened her mouth but to utter an epigram; there was the famous poet, Oswald Clyde, the writer of the last new poem, wbioh had driven the poetry-loving portion of the pablio mad. Neither wit, wisdom,'nor beauty was wanting, and Lady Castlemaine, as she gracefully dispensed the Savrea cup*, seemed to hold all the threads of the conversation in her own hands; it was she who pointed the sharp arrows of wit; it was she who oalled forth the thoughts and ideas of others; it was she who seemed to bring her visitors more together, mind to mind. Isabd looked at her with eyes of envy. "I should have been jaet saoh another hostess," she Baid to herself," if these rooms had been mine, as they ought to have been.' There was a slight stir when Colonel Len nox was announced. Most of the ladies knew him well. TheDuohessof Westwater admired him, and her blue eyes were never more beautiful, than when <hey were raised with the candor of ohildhood to his. Lady Eastlake sighed at the mention x>f his name; tbere was nothing of the s&thetic; abont him. The Marchioness of Heathers delighted in him ; «che liked bis stories, his adventures, and not being one of the most scrupulous of womankind, did not dislike him any the more for his character of a gallant man. Colond Lennox looked neither to the right nor to the left; he went to the beautiful hostess, found a seat by her side, and asked for a cup of tea from her hands. She gave it to him. He enjoyed the whole situation; themagnifioent room, with its wealth of fragrant flowers 7 the beautiful and witt^ women, the clever men; he enjoyed the conversation, the wit, tbe repartee. Under cover of a general laugh, raised b the Marohioness of Heathers, Isabel said C Lady Castlemaine: " Yoa did not .tell me that Colond Lennox was coming." " No," was the frank reply; " I forgot." Forgot! The word made Isabel shudder. If. she had indeed forgotten, evidently her mind was not filled by him. «< He wants to know Budolph," she con tinned, carelesdy, "and I thought this a very pleasant time for an introduction." "There ooald be none better,'! replied IsabeL On the table near her lay a spray of white lilac, that Bomejsareless lady had let fall from a bouquet; she raised it and hdd it to her lips; the words she whispered into it were the same as those- she had uttered in the church on the wedding-day, and when she raised her face again there was a smile on it. not good to see. "This must be a lady's paradise," said Colonel Lennox. " I wonder what the world did before tbe luxury of tea was discovered " Pretty -much the same as it does now,' said Lady. Heathers. "There.must always have been something to drink, -something oheerfnl an<i enlivening, even for savages." •• Have yoa seen the &imous; hew picture at the Academy,, Colond Lennox ?" * "I have had so many engagements," he replied, " that I .have not had time to Bee one-half that I want to Bee." Said Lady Westlake: . " Tbe prettiest sight I have seen is the large grove of chestnut trees in Bichmond Park." " I quite agree with yoa, Lady Westlake, said the poet. Colonel Lennox tamed to his beautiful hoBtess. "My baohdor quarters ate so limited;" he said, " I am most unfortunately prevented from returning the hospitality pressed upon me: bat I have had daring, and X believe original, . .. mond, if Il^pPJ graoions.Iady- " Yoa wpW! . she ; f ful nottoOfferhfix' "If I.am " my .efforts^ the queen At almost: there cameto that obtti Golfo daoed-to he^li! any such fiwiMWplfe^ Plied. "I shall .live " Tam sorry iLartfW. home." ^ . v. Hewafr hours ago?" "I-sheai happyone*'; Hewantec awayfromtbefe first time he hi^ wanted to make a d Bhehedrioi* rnestlyhe^SB pat down their adinner at Bich- '^panM' 1 kind and PgpiiUy in that," e J wfl8 caresucceed in :^iH promi-e to be the .would have thought, but den recollection, had been intropould not accept it," she: re- -Of; it," he said.; une is not at unexpectedly, two es'the tea hour." ^or it is a very uehnox. ijy pould. to get her It was the er house, and he ltd occasion of it, ^E^tiie kind.. How eifiretty'women would go., Barely there bad been tea enoi^i^® 9 *^ * 6 * minutes he almost hat^ li^rS^tfthers, whose vivacious aneodo^ k^t ^ ^ on^ in continued laughter. If tney first visit to the honse, jmd^^^ied .'to' say a few words to -Thegreat poet sat a3entiy waj£oh^M ED ' feeling sorry i n his heart tMjjS^pm^Pt 1 - on such friendly. ia^Jiis^^^&l-hs;&j; Castle- Heknew of all the stories . that .. .. were ' - —^him, knew what his reputatiohzeal " If I had » lovdy wife like that," hesaidto'lihi V-' Colonel Lennox would find iio pl^a in ifdrSWing- room." Butthenh^wili g&i;^ and poets take strange views of things, ; Then, to the MTorS's. fi^t relief, Lady Heathers rose; OnejSr jg^^otherH followed her example, and a- smtdl ^^pghing soup'made for the door.- ; lie had seed the impatience bh tbiH^S, handsome face, and he understood;^ ^ ; " This is one of hiatid trickB," he said to himself; "hewantf^jtelk to Lady Castlemaine, and he vradswwB Will all go away. I, for one, shall The colonel stal^«Da^%6 poet staid, nntil Isabel Hvde. vrithheiHitowqnic^neeB, guessed the sitaatioi£lftti£l^li!tOi4he rescue. She went 'np.-to^Uflf;J^-^^i:;-.'*'. v Have you se^&fi;^sOastlemaine's portrait?" she askecL ^ViffiUy s only finished it last w e e k . " ' . . No, he hal i^'^Bjm^tt\but, .Bhould, of course, be deUghted|^a&d;,MiBS Hyde led him to the library, hung. The colonel bio3sed;:h^s|r^s>he{at; then he turned qmcyytoMB^j^dj^iM hostess. " I am so glad^hl^eua 'Chance of saying one word to hurriedly. " I thought they wonldie^Br gO. ' " 1 did hot wanf r^m; : .to go," die Baid, coldly. 'x,?.'*/:'. " I to tdl you what an infinite plewt^eTthiis, my firstvisit to you, gives •,} She laugh^;ij^m^iu^eBslaqgh that cut him like a knife,v'-'/^ . " , yoa wish my friends gon^p.^pp^t yoa might make a dmgljB ' ' " Give me fioin^il^; ip ixmember it by? " Jieasked. ' ; - " Give me th? rp^yoa have worn ail the afternoon.-"''v' ' She lopked at %^hen#thlm. " I think not,£Jpi^e3.5 . .. ... " the giving of a flower means'mi&b;'or little; in the first ease I shonld, the second it would not be w^iiif^ing." . Later on tn the e^enmg,. Isabel Hyde stood by her dreBBing-rboWfite; she dowly pulled out the leaves ot a-wliSte roBe and watched thmdmvdahd^gtiie flame. CHAPTEB XXVn. « LADY MOTU^^HASQDEBAlffi." In fashionaUe ioxie gayety succeeds another so '^^^y -Jfti^t. there is hardly time for any «ntei^ihment, however splendid, to make much^lmpression; but Lady Dsnham's masquerade vas quite another affair. It was to behelcl at Denham Honse, and waB the /efe pt^^ 'seaeon;, the memory of it was to Uve ^jti^Jmind of man. Denham Hoaseji^^iwtniited for an entertainment of this lqM;ii^ suite of rooms that opened into the J^lllrTOom "vras magnificent; the ball-room Into, a large and lofty- coneerval again into an exquisite little rare thing to find even in a Hyde at the end of this fernery/^ glass doors that opened 7 on - were all on a perfectly strai itwas pleasant to stand in and watoh the oreBoenttui AQnfit^LiM^ Wentworth^ jJoiatlus iB—a—ah—gen iieman who claiing'. " s original possessor of this Bkde{aa.i- r - ^ Ah—dispute aBtoownersJiip, eh ?" That tendentir^r wswered Wentworth. " He is, in^^p^ip^a ghost." " The gentieman^nftMlBn dead for some time," puVin SmOI^ihe-task of explaining having Wentworth, " And while aU^-tu^ w&s; his skeleton." " Oh, come niaw^£&ulie;, '(^iat are yoa giving.ns.'"--• • . » Fact," BBid^i^ie, y;jaBt toBBed this ruler through ni^^iyii^; ' Falmeri "It hoe yoaquioker than anything inoonvenience me in the leaBt,- ion. Falmer tossed theruler.'Wii vi&£jame reBultaa before. He was very shoi ghost, who from the first; " I say, W« yoa " -Wen: top of the b< ordinary' might ha. gazed at 3upj: fdtasortibi "*"".Sand; he adjisted his across the table at the .^uiipyisivdy as he had done hj^ust'strike a light will }amp thatetood on ^host appeared an iaed as any man .oorrngated brow, ie and Wentworth , J^pride of ownership, as if their a kind of The; amiable' whitein benevolent "SitdowjBi 1 to a—person The ' "Nowi^; began th|'ji stmctgettui '•'*-'That, 1 -^; business; jplaced I maysay munhere, " Oh,;jrQtir "WebOth W. H^iai as wdl«| « "Jufetletl merwith-is ••Now.^P "WbaV plaintSf, provetothe yourskdetoM :^flhe skeleton gave them the spectre, which now shone ^ seemed to beam in a owner. •t«J hate to talk Skeleton to yoa?" Ids. professional in Jh^ amazement. £ "lon me, is no one' JL::may say I want it wwhere to find it—or chOpse to have it reiOf iooffing and con- Went worth •sst reppe 0 ' tor John opber,and friend— ; " ' ' • . pghts ease," said Ful Ot his hand. /plaintiff. - Now, yon would have to f* jury that this is it is. youra.' f | "Of coaree we do," pat in Smilie. bought the body and John wired it." ; " I don't mean that. The defence takes the ground that this -particular skeleton iB not the tones ot the plaintiff, bat the bones of John W. Stodgers, deceased.. Now it would rest with yoa to prove that this was our skeleton, and as people are not in the Sabit of having a private , mark on their Bkdetons, I flattermyself we would have you right at the beginning of the ciee." " You are a very yoang lawyer," replied the ghost with a sort of a post mortem sneer. "If yoa examine the teeth of that skdetoh yoa will find the one on the left lower side next the baok filled with diva, and, if necessary, I can tell yoar intelligent jury the sort of cap that is under the silver to.eover the nerve that onee was there." ' . All the young men looked at J. W., who, as, if enjoying the point made by its other sdt, suddenly dioked down its jaw and beamed on Fulmer with its silent laugh. Wentworth took np the lamp and looked at the lower jaw. " Yes, Fulmer," be said," that's so." " Well, we'll waive thatpoint—we'll waive that point,?'eaid the young lawyer, with illaffected airiness. "I think yoa might as wdl," said the ghost dryly. But the real nub of the case would be in this: Can a man once dead lay claim to any >art of the property he owned while alive ? ^ don't recollect any psralld caBeto yours exactly, .but I ,have some knowledge of the statutes of Michigan," this modestly, and I think all the .tendencies of jaw woald be against yon. When a man if dead there is no question bat that his next of kin have the right to cremate, to embalm or to bury hiB body. They might sell it, I imagine, although that is rardy done in first- olasssodety. Now the point I woald make before a jury woald * a—" " I have no wish, to disonss law with yoa. have demanded the skeleton and I propose to have it whether yon are willing or not. " Just write that down, boys," said Falmer. He hints at burglary." " See here," said Wentworth," you are not the man we dissected.. I believe you're a fraud." .- Do yoa ?" returned the ghoBt. " I'D convince you in order to save mysdf further trouble. I can take any one's form. For instance, that of a risinglawyer." And with that the figure before them was an exact counterpart of young Falmer. The next instant the ghost was himself again. ." By jove," Baid Smilie, " what a splendid lightning change artist he would make." " Say," sud Falmer, " what would you ta)te for a night at the big hall? You ooald personate the head of the Univerdty and smg, int to be an Angd* with effect.' "I am in no mood for chaff," said the speoter, severely. "Finally, will you give up my skeleton ?" " Let him have his old bones," said Smilie. "I certainly will not," cried Wentworth. " Why, Smilie, I had to drill 150 holes in that skeleton. No, sir I J. W. Stodgers remains here." " Remains is good," Baid Fulmer. " Well,-Mr. Wentworth, when you get tired of the fight just give that skeleton a deoent burial." ' With that tbe ghost w4s gone. " So long," cried Smilie. " What are you going to do, Wentworth ? It's y6u and the ghost, it seems." " Do ? Why, keep J. W., of course, Next day there was an astounding against Wentworth. A passenger coming up from Detrbit by the early train had been met on the road from the station by a student exactly answering Wentworth's description, who demandecraoney at the point of apistol, and the. passenger ^ould have ondonl been robbed if two others coming along had not frightened the culprit, who escaped. Nothing but Smilie's solemn oath that.Went worth was adeep at the time—it was Saturday morning, saved Wentworth; On Sunday aU Ann Arbor was scandalised as it came from church by seeing Wentworth staggeringalong the street in a state of beastly intoxication. The professors hauled Him over the coalB, and it was in vain that he protested he had spent the day worthily, trying to catch fidi up the river. He went home mad and, as J. W. grinned at him as he came in, he sdzed the ruler and smashed in the trap door jaw. The raler did not pass through tbe bony part of J. W., as it did through its spectral counterpart. Next day Wentworth was top ill to attend dass. Smilie left him and wended his way to college. He had just taken his seat while the Professor was jotting down names preparatory to a " quiz" when an unearthly yell attracted all eyes to the top tier jbf seats that descended one by one down to the operating table. There stood Wentworth bn the back of the highest seat. ... " One, two, three, look oat for me," he shouted, and with that he ran swiftly down the backs of the Beats, jumping over the students' heads, hopping lightly on the " subject" that lay oovered up on the revolving plank, then sprang among the lady students-who, scattered screaming,> and thence -np tothe top of the opposite tier.- - • -. —— ' "Now foi; a jump across the arena. _Never attempted by anyone outside of this circus. "Catchhim," shotted somebody., "Bei insane." At that Wentworth made for tbe narrow^ stairway, Smilie and another. after him. He beat them easily across the campus and ent ered the door of hiB boarding place. / When the two students burst into the room; they found Wentworth Bitting doefully looking at the damaged front of Stodgers, and he swore he had not been oat that morning.] Next day he .got notice of dismissal from; the University. < ' . ' As heeat by his window stubbornly refusing to be conquered by a ghoBt, and yet aware that perhaps some people would not believe the whole story if he told it, he saw his double on the opposite side of the street. "By George 1" he cried, I'll have it out with him. If they see us both there they'll believe my Etory. _ He seized the raler and started oat. .The ghost looked behind him, and then i^too ted a raler in its hand. Nearing the postomoe the ghost came suddenly up to a group of men, hit oat right and left with the clab, "struck a policeman across the face, and fled towards Wentworth. The .crowd pursued. As it came to Wentworth it -vanished into thin air, and, the next instant Wentworth was in the bands of the outraged constable? From tbe lockup the dejected young man wrote to SimUe: For my Bake, buy a cemetry lot and bury John W. Stodgers, charging the cost to me, Yours. WXNTWOBTH. That ended the fight. Wentworth, I regret to say, is not the first student who came to grief by letting spirits get the better of bim. 