MY UNCLE'S STORY. Oh, yes, this landscape gardening is quite a fine art-too fine tor me, or for nature, to my thinking. The old kindly mother does not tie her threads so tight-ribbons of stiff coleus coiling through tim grass, and huge, round, hard knobs oí red and baie dropped here and there, that, when you come to examine them, turn out to be poor, soft little flowers, matted and clipped cruelly. It is as inhuman a sight as the little wild birds that you bave caged in your zoological gardens yon- der. Now, I remember a garden-the one I played ia when I was a boy that would have pleased an artist's eye, and warmed any child's heart. The least blade of grass was glad to grow in it, and ever? kind of singing bird n ade its home there year after year. It was an immense territory-1 don't know how many acres-of beet and tomato beds, of long, shady alleys of plum and peach trees, of gnarled old rows of currant and gooseberry bushes, of great, sunny slopes of grass, where the cow was tethered to pasture, of walks bordered with great crimson Bourbon roses and sweet peas, and larkspur, and blue-and-yellow con- volvulus. There were long trellises covered with grapes-the Catawba and Isabella-you don't know what an Isabella grape is nowadays-and thore was a colony of bees in oi,e cor- ner, and of chickens in another, and down on the south slope was a big arbour covered with coral honeysuckle, where we boys took our books to study, as poor mother thought, and played mumbie-thepeg All the courting for three generations in our family, I venture to say, had been done ou moonlight nights in that arbour. Near to the house mother's spring garden opened, a big, grassy mound, with damp stone steps leading down to the door, through which came the sound of dripping water and the scent of sweetmilk and butter. You city people would have called that garden a small farm. There was a curious circumstance a broken chapter of a tragedy-con- nected with that garden, by the way, which may amuse you. In the far- thest corner, under the nut trees, stood a vacant three-roomed cabin, which father used for a seed and tool house until the new farm buildings went up. After that he was always going to take it down next week. People in Oak Ferry were always going to do some heavy job of work-next week. Oak Ferry was a drowsy town, that stretched along the south bank of the Ohio Biver, in one of the then slave States. The Oak Fenyites had little money, and were in no hurry to carn any. Living was cheap, .everybody had a garden, and cows, and pigs, and poultry,- venison and bear meat were brought down from the mountains, to be bought for a trifle; game waa plentiful in the forests, and fish in the river. The mothers were rival Housekeepers, the fathers lounged ail day on the steps of the courthouse, or played endless games of backgammon on their shady porches. As for the slaves, all who were discontented had long ago crossed the river and escaped into Canada, and only those stayed who had less to do than even their masters. Well, life in Oak Ferry was not progressive, or even civilised, perhaps, according to your modern ideas. But it was sunny, leisurely, and friendly. There was a flavour ot absolute calm and happiness about it that I find no wheie in these days, even in commu- nities built upon the most advanced ideas, and devoted to the loftiest en- terprises of life. My father's office was built at the side of the house, and opened into the road-there was no street in Oak Ferry. Bushing into it as usual, one day, on my way from school, I found him alone with a stranger, a,tall white haired old gentleman, who was was wrapped in a semi-military cloak. Neither ot them saw me, and I dropped intOÄ*hair, full Of curiosity as to the \- . neweoiner. f ' * There muet be suitable houses in the town you could obtain.' ' My means are more limited than you imagine. I beg you will make a charge for it-a small charge, that is,' said the old man, with a smile. 'I have money enough to pay for it, and to buy a bed and table or two. Oh, we shall be very comfortable. A man's home is not the house he lives in after all.* My father looked at him quickly, giving him more attention than Le had yet done. 'As you choose,' he said after a moment's pause. 'It will be very rough, and you are not use to rough- ing it I suspect. But when a man reaches your age--- or mine,' correcting himself with anxious courtesy, ' he has found eut, as you say, that his happi- ness depends very little on his sur- roundings. I shall be heartily glad to be of any use to you. You are going into some busiuess in Oak Ferry ? Or your profession-' The old gentleman gave an em- barrassed laugh, and said ' I must do something. I have very little money. But the question is what?' drawing his chair up to the table with an eager, confidential air. 'I read law in my youth, as most young fellows who have property do, you know. But I had no occasion to use my knowledge of it, and have forgot- ten it altogether. I am found of de- sultory reading. But I could teach no- thing that I have read. I did not even oversee my own plantation until after I had reached middle age. In fact, here I am, at sixty-five, left penniless, and in my long life I have not learned any craft by which I can earn a dollar. I am a good backgammon- player, and a master, I flatter myself, of whist', glancing doun at his wriukled, de- licately-kept hands. ' These are the only things I thoroughly understand.' My father returned his smile, and answered in a kindly tone 'I am afraid we need no teaching iu that direction. We are adepts at cards aud dice in Oak Ferry. But something will turn up for you. You have a family, I presume ?' The stranger was silent long enough to cause my father to look up sur- prised ; then he replied confusedly, ' I have one grandchild. The house will be ready for me to-morrow, you say?' 'Yes.* They walked together to the door. The horse which the old man had ridden was tied to the hitcbing-post. My father, with a quick exclamation, walked up to it. * Ah Î Gray Eagle blood here ?' * Yes.* 'Oh, it's unmistakable. A fine animal, sir. But past his prime V ' Yes ; Victory and I are near the end of our journey,' nodding cheer- fully as he loosened the bridle. ' I beg your pardon. But-you said your means were straitened. Now, if it should occur to you to sell this horse, come to me. There are several men in town who would give you a high price for him. But come to me firbt.' ' I shall not sell him,' curtly. He added a moment later, more gracious- ly, ' He is not a horse to me, but a friend. He is all that is left.' 'I understand. Forgive me,' said my father, gently. He wu6 standing on the lower step j of the porch. The old man looked at him irresolutely, and then came up I with the bridle of the horse over his arm. There was the effect of strong I half-emotion on his face. * You have been very kind, and-I have not told you my name.' 'No.' ' You may call me Bichard Donne. I will tell you, doctor, that is but part of my name-the first part. For the present, I am obliged to give no more. There are reasons why-' ' I am quite sure they are reasons that do you no dishonour,' interposed, my father, quickly, holding out his hand. As the old man jogged down the street, I came out of \the office, and ventured to wonder what he could' have done at hi» age 4» force him into not a word of what you have heard. Not a word, sir !' My father knew he was safe. We were intimate friends, even then. I thank God, now that he is dead, when I remember that. Col. Donne-for he was dubbed 'colonel ' at once-brought in a load or two of furniture the next day, built up fires in the cabin, and sheltered the windows with cheap curtains. His last trip was made after night. The next day, although my sharp eyes detected signs of the presence of a second person in the house, no one appeared outside but the colonel him- self, who drove up to the office in a light spring-cart, which, like the horse and their owner, bore untnistakeable signs of better days long vanished. My father viewed it with a critical eye. * We've never seen a cart like that in Oak Ferry/ he said. 'It would be just the thing for my expressman, when I find him You see our diffi- culty here its in getting packages and parcels hauled from town, and so it is ali along the river. I always said a trustworthy man could make a com- fortable living who would start a local express up to the city. But we're all too busy here/ glancing up at the men stretched out on the inn porch, smoking and half asleep. Col. Donne listened with keen at tention. He opened his Ups to speak once or twice, but his courage appa- rently failed. At last he said 'I think you have a meaning in your hint, doctor. Why should not I be the carrier? God knows I'm ready to do any honest work that will keep us ali ve.' ' I know it is not suitable work for you, but come in and talk it over.' The result of the conference was that the colonel became the Oak Ferry expressman, and every day thereafter drove the old grey horse up to town, and back along the shady river bank, his cart loaded with pack- ages, from a barrel of sugar to a paper of needles. His occupation made no difference in his social position. Oak Ferry was agreed that ' the colonel was a gentleman under a cloud.' Caste in the South had little to do with the question of money in those days. Winter set in early that year and the snow shut everything indoors. But there was certainly a mystery in the prison-like seclusion in which the colonel's grandchild was kept. Young Kryter spoke of it first to us. Kryter was a fellow whom my father had taken, half out of charity, into his office; a red-haired watery-eyed youth, who nosed into everybody's affairs, and whose grandfather had been a " nobody," " There's something wrong there," he said. "Nobody has seen this grandchild. Is it an idiot or a dwarf ? I always suspected this old Donne that the town has taken to its arms. I smell a rat/ he said, looking back with a chuckle, as he went out the door. * You are the ferret that will find it out, then/ I replied. My father nodded. He always based his opinion of a mau on his grandfather, and muttered ' Bad blood in Kryter-bad blood !' The very next night-a bitter nip piug night, I remember-I was with Kryter in the office; while my mother and little sister sat at work by the parlour fire. The door stood open be- tween. I heard a 6oft crackle in the crisp snow outside, and I saw a face looking in through the parlour window -a pale little face, like a ghost. I had not time to speak of it to Kryter, when the door opened, and a child came into the parlour-a delicate girl, dressed in some soft woollen stuff, finer and richer than any gown I had ever seen. She had heavj, reddish hair, half- curled, which was drawn back and fastened by a golden arrow. The oddity of the dress, totally dif. ferent from anything known in Ork Ferry, impressed me instantly; she seemed to me like a wandering prin- cess who had lost her way. She ran to mother,, laughing as if ready to cry, aud said *Ihaa to come 1. Grandfather will( the colonel's grandchild, we knew from this. ' Poor child ! poor baby ! Why didn't you come before ?'" said my mother, drawing her into her lap. ' You must stay now, and come every day while your grandfather is away'. She petted and quieted her, and very soon she was busy with Mary, playing some game on their slates. It was late before the sound of the Colonel's horse trotting past the win- dow was heard. I we ut out to tell him that the child was with us. He made a sharp exclamation which I could not hear. It was too dark to see his face ; but I felt, as I walked be- side nim, that he was moved by some strong emotion. When he came into the house for her, however, he was courteous and grave as usual, but sileut beyond his wont. ' You will allow your little girl to stay with us when you are goue in the evenings, colonel ?' said my mother, when they were going. 'Yes,'he said, promptly. 'It makes no difference now ; you have all seen her.' * Why should we not see her ?' said Kryter, after they were gone. ' Something there worth looking into. That child's dress is worth all the furniture which the old man brought into the house. A rat-a rat, I tell you.' After that, whenever little Jenny was in the house, Kryter hung about her, listening to and watching her. He would have questioned her, but that he dared not when my mother was near. He met his punishment at last. One evening we children were play- ing some game, when Jenny lost a forfeit. Kryter rushed into the midst, caught the child, and claimed a kiss as payment. The colonel's thin figure that moment appeared in the door. In an instant Kryter was hurled to the ground. Donne eaught the little girl up into his arm's, trembling with rage. Kryter gathered himself up, cursing under his breath, and would have rushed on the old man ; but John Sarsfield, who was in the room, took him by the arm and led him out. I always suspected that be gave him a touch of his boot outside. Sarsfield was the young lawyer who had just came to Oak Ferry. He was little more than a boy, although his erect figure and fine face gave him an air of dignity. After that I saw bim often with Colonel Donne, and noticed that he was watchful of Jenny when he met her at our house. She never was allowed to go to any other. She was not a pretty girl, according to the taste of Oaks Ferry, that delighted in the pink-and-white colonring and glossy, spiral curls of its belles. But she was different from any other child in the village ; I understand now that it was because she had had the breed- ing of a gentlewoman, and had not been suffered to run wild with the black picaninnies of a plantation. The mystery about ber was sud- denly solved. Kiyter was sent on business up to town, and came back in a state of suppressed excitement. He took his place at the table, his pale eyes shining like those of a cat. ' By the way, doctor,' he said, when there was a pause in the conversation, ' your friend, Colonel Donne, drove down the street in his cart as I was standing at the door of the hotel, and a man who was there from Louisville recognised bim as an old neighbour. The plantations joined on the Cumber- land. But he called the old man ' Murray.' D'ye think he can be going ' incog' here, sir ?' with a sly leer. My father's laco grew red. ' I think, Mr. Kryter, \you should know me better than to come to me with the gossip of bar-room loungers in town,' he rejoined angrily, aud, rising, left the table. Kryter shrugged his shoulders and kept quiet until he and I were left alone, when he continued calmly, as if he had not been interrupted ' The old man's name is Murray, and he owned a place on the Cumber- land-a good deal run down, for he was no manager. / Oh, Kgotiat the bottom of the,whole story., ; Hit son died and left one child. Jenny-d'ye s»e ? Old Donne, or Murray, had her since she was a baby. Well, his son -»vho was a bad lot, I reckon-.vent into the Mexican war, aud was killed there ; but, before that, he got his af- fairs tangled up with Munioe's. He left a will, in which he begged the old man to pay his debts to Munroe. Put it to his honour, d'ye see ? And he left the child to the gambler ; made him her guardian. Munroe wrote to old Murray that such a will was m his possession, and the old man gave up his place to cover the debt, and ran away with che child. Come here, you. see? I suppose he thought she'd go to the devil in Phil Munroe's keeping ; auk he wasn,t far wrong, either/ re- flectively. ' I reckon not/ he added, after a meditative pause, crumbling his bread in a heap. ' Phil Munroe 'd give something handsome to know where that young one is. He's in Louisville/ ' He'll never find ber in Oak Fer- ry/ I said, triumphantly. 'No/ replied Kryter ¿ 'certainly not.' He rose, and went off whistling. I told the story that day to my lather, who listened anxiously, and went over to the colonel's, with whom he was closeted all the evening. I uotioed, the next day, that the anxious, troubled look which had begun to disappear from the old man's face, had returned. He brought Jenny to my mother, when he was starting on his daily round. ' I trust her to you, madam/ he said, as he went out, then turned and came back to kisc Jeuuy once more. ' God bleBS you, my baoy !' he mut." tered solemnly. ' My mother evidently knew the se- cret. She kept Jenny beside her,, and spoke to her so tenderly as to make our jolly, bouncing Mary jeal- ous. Mr. Sarsfield came in, too, and brought the little girl some plants for her windows. He never took any no- tice ot the young ladies in Oak Ferry ; - but this child, who was growing into-, / a tall, slight maiden, he watched as if ehe were his sister. We, all of us,, stood on guard over her for a week or two, and then the fright passed, and we forgot that there was any danger, I remembeted afterward that Kryter/ during that time, visited the post office trequeutly, and iu a furtive way, I had a vague idea that the noted gambler would come at night, in a * coach-and-four, seize Jenny, and make off with her, blazing away with a - pistol, meanwhile, to cow his pursuers. * I am afraid the name of gambier had not the apalling effect in Oak Ferry which it should have had. Had not ' Judge Allan a brother who ' r river ?' And Tom Oberfc, whom every- body remembered as a good-natured, ne'er-do-well, bad taken to the same > mysterious occupation. There was something dashing, heroic, desperate, \ in my mind, in the typical gamblers he carne, he would carry Jenny off to scenes of splendid vice, of which I thought with an envious shudder. The shock was severe, therefore,1 " when comiug down the road one even- " ing, I saw, from the Belle Creole, a bald, fat, well-dressed old man with the air of a retired grocer who had lived too long on his own bacon and« beer, and was told by the pilot ' that' was old Munroe, the Mississippi black-leg.' I ran home, breathless, with the- <. news; but I was too late. The colonel stood in tbe office, his hat pulled down over his face, holding in > his shaking hand a red-lettered paper; " My father and Sarsfield had both "' risen, and were talking to him at once»^ 'I don't understand/ he said.. "" ' Produce the body of Jane Murray. To give her over to that man-that* ,; brute? Never!' ^7 *No, 110/ said Sarsfiaid. 'Itis onlyf r4 a writ of habeas corpus. You will W have to bring Jenny into court to- ;_;. ' morrow, before Judge Allan, andJ'ï prove your right to keep her, or 'let ^ old Munro prove his." lJ^ 'The law will give j her to bita/" \ turning a wild look of appeal from,;; 2 ' Thfln we'll defy theiaw/my faAher^g -in any case, Col. Murray, this man r «hall never have Jenny.' v The colonel put his hands on the younger man's shoulders. He was very weak ; the tears ett earned down s lus cheeks. t ' Boy, he wants to train her for a i ' decoy-to take her with him to-. He knows how beautiful she will be in a year or two, Ob, my God, I would rather see her dead /' r ' She shall not go. Will you trust \- «ne to defend her? We migni send ¡t/ up to Louisville for an old lawyer. T He might be stronger than I, but he would not care so much.' v , It was decided that Sai fifield should §, take the case. The colonel gave him £* jail the papers concermug his son's |. .affairs, which were but few. There jrJ was no will-nothing to contradict |1 the final disposition which Herbert ^^-Jfflurray had made of his child. 'e',> ~* He was no doubt forced into it by t? this villain,' said my mother, vehe f 'xnently. * Judge Allen ought to see f* that.' | r , * But iiow can he prove it, my Ä, dear?' my father asked The law $\ demands proof.' %^ s * Law, indeed ! I believe in common f- sense.' §N She kept Jenny under her eye L' during the week that followed ; even 'V'' .-visited her room a dozen times in the ^ night; but Munroe made no effort to see her. He remained quietly at the inn, eating enormously, sleeping half the day, but keeping sober. , * He is of the lowest order of K,r sensualist. There is no doubt that ¡ICvCoionel Mun ay is correet as to his ^tentions for the girl,* said Sarsfield E**to my father. p\, A The case came up on Monday 1 ^tmbrning. The little courthouse was a 1 dilapidated brick building, with a |tó| wide porch in ft out. All Oak Ferry llf^waB there, but that did not comprise ?* twenty men all told-indolent old " gentlemen like the doctor. Judge \Allen was in the hickory split-bot p temed chair which represented the -gc 'bench. He had been seen in friendly ||| converse with Munroe that morning. |§£ * He remembers his brother,' wins- le pered the doctor to Sarsfield. 'Take Mi «are. John J It won't do to represent .¡a'gambier to him as the dregs of ,flrèàtiou.' > Johu( smiled, but the smile suddenly ieft,hie face. '* * Look there !' he said. i| / Munroe came into the courtroom ^ accompanied by a dozen stalwart men t *cupulouely dressed. If the Ohio " Jiiver gamblers had a weakness it was a lor fashionable clothes. These were $ Jftunröe's confederates who had just ^landed from the Belle Creole. \ * He expects a fight ; we should have écorne armed, 1 think,' said my father. .'By George! I have it. f He left the room just as Colonel -Hurray and my mother entered it, Reading Jenny between them. It was t* lehilly, rainy day, and the dingy ^itjtle oourtroom was in a shadow, Éájccept were the child stood near an ¡open deor, through which one could "see a bit ef the river and wet trees. She carried herself very erect, and panade a point of light in the room ; ¿lier dress was white. The mass of tshining hair was caught back by a ¡golden arrow. She held her grand pather closely by the hand, and scarcely purned her eyes from him. if IPhe^case was called, but, at that iïnpment a disturbance was made by Ke^entrànce of a dozen burly miners, ¡¡heir faces black with, coal their picks mNheir bahds. My father came m ¡behind them. They were all his lEriends; the doctor was lawyer and physician, in all their shanties down |b£*he river. ¡pffltunroe'* lawyer submitted his itatement briefly. The child was his liápdohild. He was entitled to act m her guardian, first as the trustee of W$t ^mother's-his daughter's-pro Btyj secondly, as being a man of IpïanSrfVable to support her, while liplonel Murray was occupying the] I&ÍÍÍ\bn of a day labourer ; thirdly, jpjiiJBrag legally constituted her guar- ' lifata by the will of her father Her- bert Murray, which he now submitted to the court. A formidable document was handed to Judge Allen, who put on his spec- tacles. It appears to be an authentic ????? he said. Dated Galves- ton, Texas, April 24,1847,' and signed by Herbert Murray. Properly wit- nessed. I see by this will, Mr. j Munroe, that your son-in-law stated that he was largely in your debt.' ' Yes, yes/ eagerly assented Munroe, stroking his fat chin with his yellow gloved band. ' And he requests his father to pay you. Has he done so ?' ' I have here/ said Sarsfield, ' evi- dence to show that Colonel Murray has surrendered his plantation and left himself penniless to meet this obligation.' ' It was not a legal document/ said the judge. ' He must, be a Don Quix- ote of a man. Don't know that I should have done it ; but as to the child poring over the will-' there is no doubt that this document constitutes Philip Munros the legal guardian of the girl.' The colonel stood up, stretching out his trembling hand. ' My son never could have made such a will when he was sane. I have had her since her babyhood. Philip Munroe is a man whose character makes him unfit to take charge of any innocent child. But as to this little girl '-he broke down, caught Jenny | in his arms, and held her before the Judge-* is she to be given to a gamoler to use in his trade ?' Judge Allen's face flushed. 'Tut, tut; your prejudices make you unjust. A man who handles cards occasionally is not necessarily a deyil. Mr. Munroe will probably train the child as well as you could do. In any case the father had the right to decide, and his will gives her to him.' Jenny clung to her grandfather with a wild cry. Munroe, still strok- ing his chin, stepped forward to take ber. Every man present started to his feet, when Sarsfield interposed. ' One moment/ he said. There was a sudden breathless pause. ' I wish to call your honour's atten- tion to one fact,' handing him a letter. 'That is au autograph letter from General Wingfield Scott to his old friend Colonel Üichard Donne Murray, telling him of the death of his son, Captain Herbert Murray, this child's father, who fell at Cerro Gordo, April 18th, 1847. You wiil observe that the will which you hold in your hand purports to have been signed in Gal veston, April 24th, 1847, just six days after the man's death. The will is a forgery-it is all a lie, even about the debt to Munroe. I call ou yeur honor to order his arrest.' Before the judge collected his senses, Munroe and his companions had left the court-house. They ran to board the boat, which had her steam up for starting. ' Let them go ! ' shouted Sarsfield, clasping the colonel by both hands. Ie You have Jenny, and you will now have the plantation back again. Your troubles are over, thank God/ That was a jolly da;, especially for us boys. All Oak Ferry joined in making a hero of the colonel-all ex- cept Kryter, who went off with Mun- roe ; like to like you know. Well, that is all my Btory. The colonel lives on the Cumberland now. John Sarsfield is an eminent lawyer in Natchez, and his wife has ruddy, curling hair, which s>he always wears, to please a whim of his, fastened with a broad golden arrow. 