Margoiy's Guardians. CHAPTER X. Margory's first act the following morning was to write a telegram to her uncle, begging him to come at ,nno, and telling what had occurred. This Alice entrusted to the coach man, who at an early hour drove Citptain Grander into Thurlstone. Then- Margory searched for ' Brad shaw,' and spent a good while in puzzling over the trains and calculat ing the chances of Mr. Commyne's catching an early one, due at Thurl stone abount five in the afternoan. At last she decided she would meet 'Alice, do you think you can walk as far as the station ?' she asked, lay. iug down the hook. ' Oh, yes, .Miss Grey ! It is not over four miles, is it ? But do you think ]on ought to walkit yourself? Ycu look as white as a ghost to 'I must,' said Margory, decidedly. c Captain Grander has taken the carriage. We wll get a fly to come 'home in ; but I must meet my uncle, and-' She did not finish her sentence. There .was another little project she "intended carrying out that afternoon, but it was not yet to be divulged, even to Alice. Heavily the long morning dragged uaway. Margory went once into Mrs. Gran. .aer's iroom, but finding her in a state divided between feeble hysterics and fretful inveighings against the want of consideration shown by her husband's .supposed murderer in giving her such a shock in her present weak condition, she speedily beat a retreat. The five o'clock express train was unusually late that afternoon, and to MT.rgory, in her impatience, it seemed as if it would never come. Restless as ever, she roamed up and down the platform, while Alice, tired after her long walk, sat waiting on the beach, privately wondering at her mistress's activity. .At last a puff of white smoke ap peared in the distance, and the train rae rapidly into the station. Margory scanned each carriage as it passed her with eager eyes, and having come to thodisappointingeonclusion her uncle was not in any of them, was gaz ing disconsoeiely at the luggage van that brought up the rear of the train, when two hands were laid on her shoulders, and a frank, kindly voice said, ' Here I am, Madge !' ' Oh, Uncle Ned, l.am so glad you have come! Where were you? I could. not see youwl'she exclaimed, 'So am* I. No, I don't suppose you did see me; an old lady blocked up the. door, and- Hang it, if there isn't a poi?ter 'hialing off with my port manteau! Here, you sir, just drop that, will you' . • 'Be" pardon, sir,' said the man; 'thoiht it belonged to another gentle narn .W 'Hum ! well, you can leave it now were it is. Where is it to go, to Mar "'goy?' I think we had betterleave it under Alioe's charge for the present,' returned aL~rgory, who had been laughing, in spite of herself, at her udicle's pursuit of 'the porter. 'If you and I go into the waiting-room, we cau have a quiet talk there; it is always empty at this hour.' 'AhbI understand! Suppose I am ne'.t tocome, to' the Grange?-eh, Mladge ? ' Ihardlyknow,' she said, hesitating. C Captain Grander lefi so early this meoring, I could hot well ask- ' "All right ; 'I understand. I sup pose there is a respectable hotel in the place. Sure it would not be best to go there at once ?' ' No, not yet; I want to talk to you first of everything. Alice, stay here and look after that portmanteau till we return, please. Come, Uncle Ned !' And, linking her arm in hi, Mar gory fairly carried him off. They found a quiet corner in the waiting-room, and there she immedi ately plunged into her tale. Mr. Commyne listened with only a few interruptions in the shape of cross questions, and exclam-tina of surprise or indignati.n. She gave him the plain, unvarnished story as she had hoard it from Captain Grander, refraining from adding coru ments or ex lanations of her own, and, when she had finished, looked up eagerly at her uncle for his verdiet. ' It is a bad business, I fear, Madge,' Mr. Commyne said, gravely. ' Oh, Uncle Ned, surely they can't convict him on such evidence as that ?' ' Tell me, child,' he said, giving her a scrutinizing glance, 'have you the smallest lurking doubt in your mind as to Arthur's innocence?' ' Oh I hoe can you ask such a thing ?' she cried, flushing with indignation. A.s if he could be capable of it! I would sooner believe mysr lf guilty than him. Uncle Ned, I never thought you would spesk like this ' Angry tears were swelling beneath Murgory's long lashes, and Mr. Com myne, looking at her, felt he had rather put his foot in it. ' Hush ! my deor; don't excite your self so! Certainly I should be the last to believe him guilty, if his inno cence was possible; but, Madge, you know as well as I do that, when roused, poor Arthur has a pretty strong temper of his own; and if ever man was cal culated to provoke a saint, that man was your unfortunate guardian. "ou say threatening words passed between them, even in the presence rf witnesses. Now, when they were left alone, I can imagine nothing more propable than that Arthur should have intended ro quietly knack him down, and- you know how strong he is ! 'Yes, I know,' she replied, more calmly; 'but indeed I have thought of all that. If he had even killed him in that way, he would at once have gone for help, and told the whole story. You cannot suppose that Arthur would have thrown the body into the water, and tried to hush it up, or not told the truth about it when he was asked? You may convince me white is black, but you will ne'er convince me Arthur murdered Mr. Grander I' And Margory stamped her little foot on the ground as if to give further emphasis to her words. 'Who ever made a woman listen to reason ?' muttered Mr. Commyne. ' Well, Margory, I will, of course, do all in my power to get at the truth. We will have a detective down, and do everything that is possible. And, child, you may think me sceptical, but if Arthur looks me in the face and denies the murder, I will believe him.' ' I should think so,' retorted Mar gory, less impressed by this magnifi cent concession than he had believed possible. ' But now, Uncle Ned, to do that you must see him. Won't you take me now ?' 'Take you !-to the police sta tion ? My dear Margory, you must be mad,' ejaculated Mr. Commyne aghast. 'I am not mad. I have made up my mind to see him somehow. I only waited for you because I did not know how to get admission, and I thought you would sympathise with me and help me.' ' Well, pet, I will take you to see Arthur if I can get admission sa late. Will you wait here while I go and see about it, or go to the hotel ?' ' Can't I come with you I' she said, dolefully. 'No; better not. I shall manage them better alone. It is close by here, isn't it ?' ' Yes, just round the corner. Well, then, we will wait here; but please don't be long, Uncle Ned.' 'Not a moment more than I can help, depend upon it, Madge.' And Mr. Commyne bustled away. It was a good while before Mr. Com myne returned. He found Margory in a fever of im patience, watching at the station door for his arrival. Oh, Uncle Ned, what a time you have been I' she cried. 'May we go i' 'Yes, child ; but-' 'Ala, then I will go and .tell Alice to wait here till we come back. We don't wan't her ' And Margory made a rush through the station, almost bolting into a porter's arms as she turned the cor ner to the platform. 'No train in yet, Miss,' he said, eyeing her curiously. 'No, I know. All right,' she an swered, hurriedly beckoning to Alice. And in another moment had dis charged her errand, and was back at outer the door. She slipped her hand under her uncle's arm, and they proceeded rapidly down the road. 'Look here, Madge,' he said; 'I must tell you it is a great favour al lowing us to go. They are very strict at the station; and we may only stay five minutes, and, as is always the rule, have a man in the room all the time.' ' I don't care as long as I see Ar thur,' was all Margory's reply. And they walked the rest of the way in silence. Margory shivered as they reached the station, and her eye caught the small barred windows of the prisoners' cells. To think of her lover in such a place was almost more than she could bear. WVith difficulty she restrained her impatience while the usual prelimi naris wore gone through, and a dawdlirg poiiceman conducted them down a passage, out of which several doors opened. At last he stopped before one, and slowly unlocked the door. 'Someone to see you,' he said, throwing it open for the visitors to enter. Mr. Commyne stepped aside, allow ing Margory to precede him into the cell. She had no hesitation about her con duct. Two hasty steps carried her to the side of the tall, haggard-looking man, who had risen from a bench oni the opening of the door. and, with out stretobed hands, flushed cheeks, and eyes blazing with excitement, she ex claimed, egerly, 'Arthur.' ' Madge,' why have you come ?' said 'a low, reproachful voice ' Why ?' Do you think I should be likely to stay away ? ' Arthur, I am ashamed of you !' 'Yes; you have cau.e to be!' he answered, bite:ly, without lnking at her. 'Whet do you mean ? How dare you talk like this ?' she cried, vehe mently. ' How can this horrible injus ties they have done you affect you your self.' 'It affects me only so far that, in a few days I shall be committed for trial as a murderer!' he replied in the same tone. le was sitting again upon the bench, though he could hardly tell how he got there, his head hidden in his hands, steadily refusing to look up, or meet Margory's eager eyes. She stood beside him, her back turned to the door, where Mr. Com myne, with rare tact, seeing that the two were quite oblivious to anyone but each other's presence, was engaging the warder in conversation, so that the lovers were, to all intents and purposes alone. ' Arthur,',---Margory's voice was so imploring, that, in spite of himself, he raised his hand-' why do you persist in speaking like this ? My darling, you asked me once if I dould trust you can you not trust me a little ?' 'That is all over now,' he answered, hoarsely. 'Arthur, you are cruel-unjust!' she cried, 'If I were in trouble, you would not give ,ne up. You have no right to speak to me so.' She had roused him at last. He looked up at her in bewilderment. ' Cruel to you?' he repeated. ' Madge, I would sell my soul to give a moment's happiness!' ',I don't want you to do anything of the sort !' she cried, impatiently. 'Arthur, don't you love me now ?' ' Love you, Madge ? I love you now, and for evr !' he answered, in a more natural voice. ' Then do not be so unkind to me. This horrible suspicion shall be cleared up.' ' Madge,' he said, seizing her hands, and gazing passionately into her face, 'is it possible you dent believe me guit,. ?' ' Time's nearly up, miss,' came from the man at the door; and Margory eheeted the indignant reply that had risen to her lips. ' I love you, Arthur,' she said, simply. ' Is it possible' to believe evil of those one loves ? You mayatellmeyourself you are guilty, but I will 'believe yourself against yourself,' and die before I doubt you !' My darling,' he murmured, drawing her closer to him, ' but they will con demn me, Madge; the evidence is only too strong.' 'They shan't,' she said, stoutly; ' your innocence is a fact, and facts can be proved somehow. We will have detectives down and-' ' Time's up, Madge,' said Mr, Com myne, advancing. 'Arthur, my boy,' holding out his hand with a strange ob livion of his former suspicions, ' never despair; 'you have friends to stand by you. Trust us to get you out of this scrape.' ' Thank you, Uncle Ned,' returned the prisoner, warmly clasping the proffered hand. 'I don't know what to say for such unexpected kindness. I am innocent indeed, and have no more notion than yourself what became of Mr. Grander after parting from him at the Rock.' " How long were you there with him, and what passed between you?' asked Mr. Commyne. ' One moment,' he added to the policeman, who was mani festing signs of impatience. 'About a quarter of an hour, I should think. He off-red me a bribe,' -the young man's cheek flushed with offended pride at the recollection,-' to give up Margory. I refused i ndig. nantly; we exchanged .a few angry words, and I left him, fearing to lose my self-control.' ' Hum! well, it is a bad business,' said Mr. Commyne, turning to depart; ' but we will get you through it, nevrr fear. Good-bye; keep up your spirits, my boy, I will see you again soon.' And he hastened out of the cell. Arthur turned to Margory, who, re gardless of the presence of the impa tient policeman, flung her arms round his neck, resting her head on his shoulder. ' My darling, how I can thank you?' he whispered 'You have given me hope, and with it everything.' ' Have more faith, dear Arthur,' she answered softly; 'aud, Arthur, never doubt me again!' 'Never, indeed, sweetheart!' he murmured, fondly; and their lips met in one long, lingering, farewell kiss. And Margory darted away to join her uncle, leaving a far lighter heart be hind her than when she had entered £he cell. (To h, contmued.j 