THE MAGAZINES FOR NOVEMBER FIRST Notice. It's the necessary fate of all stories and plays " flag at their conclusion, and it cannot be deemed fit Mr. Besant's Children of Gideon n cases Magazine to some degree loses the intensity of its interest as the plot is being wound up This meMtablo, but we hardly think that the writer is made as much as he should of such a 8triki___*l tragic incident as the death of the reprobate aft These are nevertheless but trifling criticisms " Children of Gideon " remains the greatest, as it For because it is the most pathetic and human open Mr. Besant's works Indeed, the following (fine mis. graph contains the gist and motive of the book a ' There is a some wreck beg dormant with most of It way always be awakened, and, once round items. loin g us Let us call it, if you please, those, " Humanity, It in not philanthropy, nor benevolent ," sentimentality, it is a thing much fuller and under hZ any of these Peter got this season when he had tin, "aT of the Great Sheet It is the House of the UnS Brotherhood. Some of the French Iiopubhcuni were S with it when they are best to shout their car, Leiuuht) und shortcrust) Some of the speciality are me with this sense it has nothing; to do with religion, or his creed the eyes of the suits are full of the steam of us who have had this season strongly) do eloped to be of the smuts, which have yet to be yuitteu-y\ said they! could attempt that stupendous Risk will alsoUfottad quite full of siiil^slorns Saint or Sinner, it cautious but the bones of liniment) may be found in rather One may be a poet, and have it, one may be a beggar M hay is not those who have it, and have enclosed it, are like luaihcmutieians, when they resolve all pigs faces to two, and all forces in space to three for thor presently resolve humanity into a simple partly mi and the woman, or, to be practical, since in the world there are no plums, but everything is of three dimension! into the ruin, the woman, and the child It is intensely means of which one is enabled to separate the man from his clothes whether they are pigs or knows of office and from his bills, whether they be those which society allom or those winches not recognised, and which is a duri! saving-it destroys respect and yet builds up reference A. ulentme had discovered this sense she had awakened it in Claudette saw it in Sum, in the doctor, and in the ossistautpiiobt " The rest of the number, consisting of a sketch of Hobart Pasha's hto b) Mr lane. Laughton of modest Dofouio of the Royal An enemy ' based on the two rather startling reasons (if the article is not ironical), first that discontented artists to and a butt and the Academy supplies them with an excellent one and secondly, that the Academy being essentially) come. monoplane represents public opinion, of a silk) and impossible story called ' An lenghts Vendetta " of an essay by A. L U B , entitled Homely PrajoJ) ' which like TacL Busby s mania in Darnley and Son, ' might be anything for the matter of that, bathtub a mind as his and of the first instalment of a line Boy ed by Mrs Molesworth, called ' Marriage and (ming in Marine" 'line at present seems to It really pros) talk on singularly) une cuting mutton, but of course, it may improve. Mrs. Leo Nosworthy has not, however, acquired a happy st) in. such a sentence as I doubt if sows often illumines a human counts ance with loss qualified pleasure than shown in the face of Lady Christina " is a hopeless puzzle. Probably the event of the mouth as regards magazine literature is the first appearance in "g Consul y of the loss promised life of President Lincoln, that they will be in important contribution to history there can be no doubt the authors late Sir Alway and the II in, the two soiixiLono» of the late President, It only needs a glance at this work to be assured of then carefulness and their wide search- "Whether this biograph) will take high rank inartistic literature is, bowen 01, doubtful Then we waters do not team's hay as the sense of composition of the larger meaning of the word they appear unable to keep accidental and the ml circumstances in due subordination and to bring into prominence the essential and kerbing features "Nevertheless the story will be read with intense interest by the whole english speaking at 'the following extract, in which the death of the Presidents father is stated, will give a vivid notion of the wild frontier life in which the Lincoln family well.. shaped - the life of the pioneer "Abraham Lincoln soon came to a disastrous cWao He had started in suffereing Court) on the land he had bought from the Government, and cleared a small farm in the forest One morning in the year but. he started with his three sons, murderer, Josiah, and Thomas, to the scene of the clearing, and began to (be) a week A shot from the brush killed the father, Munks, the oldest son, um testimony as to the house, Joitiibtu Iks numbering feet (Hughes fctutHiti) her assistance, and Thomas, the youngest, a child of seven, years left yiiUitlia corpse of his late Murders, reaching the table, seized the rifle and saw through the loop-holes an Indian in his warpaint stoop mi, to miss the child h on the ground He took celebrates min at a white ornament on the breast of thesmagcund brought him down The little boy, the deceased came Ihccibm, und Alordecui, horn the loft, followed him) upon the buyers re he began to show themselves from the thicket until Josuth returned with resistance from the Stockade, and the assailants bed This stately mac a indelible uiipiis»itni cm the mind of Mordiiui Little want of revenge for his murdered father or a sports ." like pleasure in his successful shot, made him a colt named Itiduu-stulkci, and he rarely stopped to inquire whether the red Emu who came in one of heartless friendly) or hostile " It should be added that the proprietors of the Otn'ttty line lavished the most loving careering illustrations of this bargain), 'There are ia to host style of Ameuiaucugiaxiug and man) document including some of not the Last impedance region in facsimile If this life often reminds one of Records saying that the half is greater than the whole,' it will certainly be an enduring monument of the passionate admiration we all which Abraham Lincoln inspired his country men in the rest of the magazine two articles dum special attention, is showing certain needs and grievances which are just now felt everywhere. One is on ' Machine Politics in New losses, on organisations b) 19 fessional poUtituius-and the other on The Need of trade,' or, as we should say, technical, Huntlicdth -near, by and. I it fb ston) ml of the siderable spirit, of genuine American _Miibu?|a* s.". Apart from Air. Ik D. Blackmore's story of " Spring flavour ''-in reading which one is continually haunt by a fear that the writer has chosen a subject somewhat outside his powers the chief attractions of Harper's Magazine are an Irish story called Hallowe'en and "How I formed my Salon," a story of French political intrigue by Madame Adam. Ohio the grate to say that the vile system of mechanical photo graphic engraving has crept over into Harper': side- has so long but a noble example of artistic work. In the Cornhill Mr. Haggard's "Jess" has utes at a tragic story. The story will not increase in WPA talion of the author of "King Solomon's __iuça/'noitn« will it diminish it The rest of the number _ jigs' and readable but not up to the usual standard of two Cornhill The best paper in one of Gran- itinerary gossip called " From Corinth to the Parthenon.' Mr Farjeon's a Secret Iulwritanco in the WT Illustrated at present leaves us in doubt whether means ghosts, or mesmerism, or seize philosophies! in victor of the late Lord Lytton kind. Most people will, at least, go on reading Mr. Farjoou. 1st itself till they have solved this question. This topo^pm cal articles on " Bristol and Clifton, on "CoyotW and on " Some loss known towns of Southern Cross, the last by Mr. la. A. Freomau-all admirably in trated make up the chief, part of the numbers out must not forgot to recommend a lively and characterise sketch of Spanish life called " Spanish I occa in English Fancies." ' J. In Blackwood Lord Brabourne replies to Mt. up stories strictures on his Irish history article, ". reply is, of course, savage, but in matter it n m"" word warfare. Of much more literary men and is most clever, thoughtful, and almost APP'S; article on death scenes in poetry, called " A large Ulloswator." Mk, Marion Crawford's ''i? s1 still leaves us in doubt whether thojeew»**« wisely, though the plot is striking and well wows MU-The Art Journal has a lovely etching, perfect in J drawing and its chief centre, by Mr. F allow..,.. articles too, are all good; but we must P's against Mr. Gilbert's " Enchanted Chair -the w» piece of imaginative sculpture o TSS presented in such a wretched, almost reptile 20 The Religious Tract Society's publications, flag Own Paper the Girl's Own Paper, *»*»£*£. and the Sunday at Home, need no ^'»"C tion, except to say that in the icy. stiff begins a new story of a living ship, which powers so as deliciously impossible as «n/^£gJJ£ written, and to call particular attention t»J¡»^¡¡ receipts in the Girl. Own as Inuiv at <">MB0Tca T .**eo Heat. 