~TIlE SITIjNK N TIIEASUI1{IFX Mnaking an ifloit, he jiuped ihe ,'aittreI vwall, ntid sluimiblcd drunkenly over the loose stones and rubbish to where Augustus had staltioned himself. , Well, now Patrick, where's the ghost ?' said thle younger villain, in rather a scoting tone. He felt proud of Ihis moral superiority (such lie nflattered himself it was) over the burly ruffian at his side.: 'I can't say, as long as I don't see 'em," replied Patrick, gruffly. 'I think we may be certain no one in the flesh can creep'and listen to our conversation without our seeing hini, here; at the same time the shadow of the mill prevents any one from seeing us,' said Augustus, and the con veniences pointed out, seemed certainly secured by theii, position. They stood now under the slanting cross piles on which the twindmill was raised with the decaying beams and timbers ready, as it seemed, to fall upon .them'ioverhead. ':' ' I do-'t ssuppose any one can;' said Rourke, reganiing .his usual savage tone. -'Well, now Patrick, listen to what I am going to say to you. 'But how about iMairy, first ? Are you a-going to nmarry lier ? inteirrupted the ruffian, in a hoarse and threatening voice,:, 'Certainly I am !i ?But don't you see how necessary it is iat thiis momeint that her con dition and maltreatmefnt;should seem to be' Frederick's offence? :No one will believe him to have become a complete wretchall at once -so they tell.me, that old fool; Purday, said. And unleds ;;we ,can show that:hehais done other things nearly- as ?-'iad,-liow ever can we get people- tp-believe lie lias. committed the murder ? - ' You want to fix it upoln him tht 'you may yourself marry.your rich cousin, and let Mary go to the wvorkhoulse !' ' What astrangely suspicious man you are, Patrick--I tell you. I love Mary, and I don't care a -pin for. Caroline!-Even that little vixen, her cousin; I should preter to her-- she is too superfine a .young lady for me. Arid to let me into a secret, she has, refused me already, -I don't know how maniy times, almost from the days when we wvere children together.: Now don't get excited-If never cared the'least. about her; but she hais a large -fortune, and my mother insisted on my trying to keep it in the family." It is that which will put her' so outrageous if she hears a -breath of my fulfilling my promise to Mary which, however, I solemnly declare I initend and will.' ' Wuealso used to say t/at on rent day, in Ireland, when we meant a sliot from a hedge side instead !' returned Patrick Rourke,? with, a brutal laugh; ' Won't do, Master Augustus -must have a better bond than your word for it.' 'You slhiall have all you can possibly require. Let Mary go to ..Londoni secretly -as if she lhad tramped off to join him ! -and I will follow her there the moment -I can without exciting suspicion,. and niarry her. 'Fair promises-but what dependence can be placed on you ? ' I will give her-- give, you for, her-a written promise of marriage !'? said Augustuts, confiding in the fact that he was .a minor. ' And if you 'will ?"assit me int baffling the possibility of a discovery 'I will fulfil my promise as. surely as I would shun the ropeE 'How riow'; i;what is to be done'now ?-: Is there any fear- of a discovery?' said Rourke, in a considerably mollified tone.. ' Not at the imominent,. But don't you see, my dear fellow, if Frederick c?omes back, he will put down i all our intenitions by the:sheer force of truth. "You- know he passed us as we :were :entering the enclosiure at -the iiainufac tory:. He will be sure ;to remember that, and wlio we were, a hen he hiears what happened afterwards:' 'It ivill do him no good; we can easily say he only pretends all that to get.himnself- out of the scrape. SBut thereis .Caroline's testimony in his favour and there are other things. I: can't easily get rid of .my .'great coat, you '-know, just at present, arid the, sleeve. is. a -sad sight quite soppeid in the poor old devil's blood! I have locked it up in my mother's plateroom which she. never allows any one' else- to enter--but if Fred wvere to make a story up, search might come to be mide, and all discovered. And don't- think -'ll hang alone, Patrick ! It was y?? thdat'in a manner forced me to do:it,. and depend upon it yoiu shall be in' for your' share of the who e reward:'? ':It ishan't conme to that, Mr.Pophly; don't put, 'yourself in ;inch' a faifnteeg ! Hasn't Master Fred gonie off, and won't he be afraid to thinik of returning:whlie ieihears what hlie's suspected of?' ..said' Rourke, not a little alarmed at. the declaration..: . 'It's te very thing hhe wvill do at once- return, to clear his character at every risk. Buit if I couild.put you on his track, don't you think, Patrick, you could---- ' ' Cut his 'throatto hinder his bilabbing ? Do you want me to do that for your oldschool fellow?' said even this ruffian, with manifest disgust. ' No; but I want you to place about him evidence that.will convict hitm, in spite of all he can allege; so that if;he dares to return to vindicate himself, or is brought black by the police, he may, not have-,a chance at extrication !' returned the :young assassin, whose hatred of Fredrick .was now further stimulated by the'necessity of sacrificing him to his own preservation.. SHow can I do tlat ?' ' You' must manage to place these bank notes in his possession-they are a portionof. the plunder of the ironri safe at Charlton,-you assigned me. John Purday (the cauti6us old miser !) knows the numbers, though Fred erick forgot to put them down, and they are of no use except to detect the robber. You have all tdie the hard gold, you know, 'aind ought to do'. much more - for it-besides securing such-a wealthy son-in-law asI shall some day prove.' . . ' Well, you're a knowing lad, to be sure, ift you are not a very brave one,' said Patrick, with a grinn ' But -how.tlihe dickens am I to do it ? How am I to find out where he is ?' ' Go to Dover after you have'set Mary off. I am very much mistaken if you don't find him at one Simon:Neil's cottage there Simon Neil is an old fisherman who has a hut under Dtover cliffs, .and I have heard, is suspected of being in leagque with ' Jerrold's smugglers. Good bleavens ! what noise is that ? .' Onilya piece of the old wood-work givinig way above,\with your loud talk,' said Rourke. ' But how dd yotf know he has gone'where you say.?' . ' Shanks, the waiter at the Warden's Arms, often wondered what Mr. Claridge -'and Frederick could have so much to talk about and so did I-and I instructed him to listen. So on one occasion he heard Claridge say, if ever his young friend was in any difficulty c:mlil alavasV; hetar ot hini a'. Sionrtt Nfil's. Shanks, like a fo):l, v.:i~ going to put the contalnllcs at osncC on the track; but I persuaded him (he is a very greediy rascal ;). to wait till there's a reward offered. However, now he is turned off in disgrace by old Price, most likely, as he is also a bitter, bad.blooded fellow, he will think revenge sweeter than even money, and tell what he knows. So you see we have very little time to lose 1' ' None at all, at all I' muttered Routke. ' But won't it be a pity, too, to lose all the value r.f the notes?' ' ' Why, if he could be got well off-made to ruin himself by joining the smugglers; for exanimple-we might still try what we could do with them abroad,' said Augustus, ' That would complete the destroying of his character, you know--and Jerrold's vessel is very likely .on the coast just now. I heaid some revenue officers telling old Price so, the other night. I know you can't 'frighten or cajole,him into running for it; but you may his friends, if he, has got any, irito taking him, even agaidlsthis will, out of.the way of0danger., .In.any case, Ro·drke, you muist find, means to put the notes in his possession. Perhaps you might.pretend they- were sent for his use by John Purday,"taking .care that7iho one else heairs you say so. :: Or, stay; itawill drive him more desperate if yotu give out that.Caroline sends hem. as the price of her *letters.which he has returned, and of his releasing her from the promise off marriage : For, do you know, .the beggar ihad actually.got her to0.make one to him-the wealthiest heiress of the county I Then ;there's thef watchi--thie old 'man's wretched silver ffying-pani ticker," you know \---you can say that old Matthsw. Price looked it up i's a keepsalke for himn, and he'll take it with joy.' It canf be of little value to yon---or if it is; I'1 pay /ou the utmost you can think it worth.' :I've buried it-at leiast, shoved it into a haystack that's not likely to be cutifor.a good while,'. said the elder conspirator. 'Very well ;" you can easily take it out again. And you can induce him the more readily to trust in your representations,' con tinued Augustus, bit?erly, ' because hie knows you are?Mary's father, and thinks you must be my- enemy;, wivereas, forsooth, he took upon him to be here champion, and\lectured me at a fine rate on my behaviour to her.' Did he; though? said Rourke,.rather re moiseftilly, but _the better feeling only'pre vailed for. ain instant in his thoroughly de based nature.. . Well,.I don't much like him myself; he was always pretty high and glum with me though I don't think he split about my being drunk those two or three times lihe found.me insensible in the press room,'bhe observed. 'But he told me I vas more a bruite than a man, and that he only spared me for my children's sake !. Drunk as I might be,-I remember how contempuously he looked and spoke at me ! Well; si.r for Mary's sake, and for the sake of her. poor child, that it may be born a rich young gentle man or lady, and not be forced to get itself hanged for a living; I'll do whatTIcan in the way'you mention. TO BE CONTINUED. . 