GENERAL ', SYNQDr, 0%, AUSTRALIA AND[ TASMANIA. - ;' ?/.' F,Ö UBTII DAY. ' , Yesterday afternoon tie General Synod of tho diocoses in Australia, and Tasmania resumed its .sitting; in tho Chapter House. Tho PIUMATB, as president, read pray ors. THE ARCiiinsuorRic. Tho Bishop of ADRLAIDB moved, without notico, ." That thouhme of tho Bishop of Ballarat ho placed on thc committee- appointed yesterduy in connection with tho crea- tion of tho archbishopric, in lieu of Mr. Hawkor, resigned." The motion was agreed to. ECCLESIASTICAL DISABILITIES. j The Rev. Canon SELWYN moved,-" That tho following 1 bo tho select committee ' appointed on tho subject of any ecclesiastical disabilities which may attach to clergy ordained in tho colonies, or clergy in England ordained for Ibo cöiouieä:-The Lord Bishop of tioulburn, thc Lord j Bishop of Newcastle, Canon Hunufiold, Archdeacon Stretch, ! Rev. F. T; Whitimrton, Archdeacon Beamish, Rev. C. C. Robinson, Rev. J.'D. Langloy, Rov. F. D. Bode, Arch- j deacon Campbell, Archdeacon- Marryat, Archdeacon Pownall, and tho movor (Canon Selwyn), and that they bo requested to report to the synod at a later period of tho cession." Thc Rev. F. D. BODE seconded tho motion, which was agreed to. ALTERATION OP DETERMINATION II. The' Bishop of BALLARAT resumed tho debate in tho following; motion, which had been moved by tho Rev. Canon Green on tho previous, day :-" That a select com- mittee bo appointed to lake into consideration tho desir- ability of amending Determination II., session ISSI, so as to bring it into [Treater harmony with ancient precedent, and canon law." If there was a'desire to refer the mutter to tho Bench of Bishops, he would bo prepared to support tho motion, otherwise he opposed it. Tho Kev. C. P. GARNSEV said that in 1881 ho did not agree, and ho saw less reason every day for agreeing with such a motion. He agreed with tho' Bishop of Ballarat that tho question of doctrine should bo submitted to tho Bench of Bishops ' The Rev. F. D. BODE considered that tho very idea of a bishop of tho Church of God having; any chargo preferred against him was most serious, if thero wero ono. Tho Catholic Church had ucvor granted to a single indi- vidual the right to bring a oharpe against his bishop. Ho was hot, however, disposed to object to the appointment of tho commit too. Mr. W. TARLETON said he did not think any causo hnd boen shown why this matter should bo referred to a select committee. He'should, therefore, oppose tho motion. The Rev. Canon CHALMERS supported tho motion. Mr. THOMA» ROIIUUTSON contended that waa not the proper timo to consider thia matter. Tho ordinnneo ns it stands wan a wiso and rruo one, and if a bishop preached heresy the other bishops would deal with him. He should oppose tho motion. Tho Rev. Canon "WHITE thought that if a bishop preached heresy itîwopld ho a very difficult matter for a brother bishop to bring the charge. Tho persons who would know tho doctrines preached by a bishop would bo his own presbyters, and they were, he 'thought, tho proper porsons to bring- u'ny chargo" against him. Ho agreed that it would ho very undesirable to let three chancellors say whether the enso should go forward, becauso, though very cowl lawyers, they did not understand theology. It hnd been shown that there was como need for reconsideration of tho recommendation, and ho should thereforo support tho motion. Archdeacon STRETCH! said the object of appointing; this committeo was to do away with the'board to try bishops, hud he thought they ought all" to oppose tho rejection of tho committee. Archdeacon FARR supported (ho amendment, on tho ground that somo ono oise than the bishops should bring forward any charge. The Hon. G. H. Cox suggested that anyone member should havo tho right to consult with other inoinbors as to amendments, which should then bo printed and circulated amongst members. Tho Dean of MELROURNE contended it was not neces- sary that a jury should.bo learned in tho intricacies of the law. Kothing bo more injurious to any class of men than immunity" from accusation, and it was the best security when men had to ¿ct in tho light of day. Ho supported the motion. Tho Rev. Canon HANPFIELD said ho could not consent to tho appointment of tho committoe. Tho Rev. Canon GREEN having replied, Tho motion was carried. THE REVIVAL SUE-ORDERS. The Rev. F. S. POOLE moved,-"That this Synod is of opiuion that increased agency is required to enable tho Church to roach nil classes of the community, and respect- fully requests tho bishops to consider whothor by an exten- sion of tho diacouato, or by tho revival of what aro known ns tho ' sub-orders ' this agency may not bo created." Thoir Church had not to a very largo extent kept touch with the population. Taking South Australia for example, he found that only about 20,000 out of some 300,000 returned themselves on tho last census as belonging to tho Church of England. Sittings were pro- vided in thoir churches for 21,500 persons, and 7600 of these neats were absolutely let, and very few churches iu South Australia wero absolutely free. Thoro were only b'OOO Sunday School children in South Australia. In that colony only about 2-1,000 persons wore held by any- thing like a tie to the Church,und something like 00,000 were untouched by any influences of religion. Thero waa only ono more clergyman in Adelaide now than twenty-fivo years ago. (Jue of tho influences against which tho Church had to light was the growth of secularism, and the widespread spirit of propagandism of its doctrines, He thought that some of tho evils of which no spoke might bc met by an extension of the " diaconutc." He thought they should do something by way ot reaching tho masses, and' of breakiiig down social distinctions in tho Church, whoro no distinctions ought to bu made. Tho lluv. Canon Gr.iiEN seconded tho motion. Tho Dean of MELBOURNE said this matter appeared to him io bc ono of tho very highest importance. He did not conceivo that they could improvo any of those things which belonged to tho essence of tho Church of England. Tho Church had marlo great progress during tho past century. Tho time had not passed forty years since it was held by many that tho only thing tho laity had to do was to suiter persécution for tho truth, and to find money for tho ministers. Now, throughout England tho clergy were culling tho laity into a degree of exertion, and now that tho laity bad been called on to work, tho J'.Church of England had been a wonder to herself. "Why V Becauso theluity had been given- to feel that they wera part and parcel of the Church. Ho hoped tho Church would not do part from tho throe ancient orders-bishops, priests, and deacons. He did behove in tho sacerdotal character of tho Church of England, but not of thu ministers. They had men of tho very highest position in society, going forward as licensed reu'dcrs ; and if they accepted this motion it would be like saying that these people had no right to orders, but wero to be given a lower sort of order. He earnestly prayed tho synod to consider well before thoy attempted to ¿lo this work, and asked them not to chango tho existing orders of thu Church. Thu Archdeacon of CVMEKULAND thought they wore indebted to the mover of the resolution, for ho was con- vinced that in every diocese there were numbers of persons lost to tho Church of England and to religion. Thero was un enormous population in Sydney nlono who never entered the church. If the diaoomito was not to bo introduced tomo other moana might bo adopted to meet the growing evils. In somo parishes in this diocese a great deal of good was hoing dono by means of tho "Church Anny." His recommendation was, not th« ex tension of the diuconato but tho creation of tho Church Army. The Bishop of GOULIIURN said that tho scheme of cliacuiiatcs batt been a failure elsewhere, and ho did not think it would answer bete. Sotue such scheme as had been proposed would, ho thought,, bo bcnoiiciul, by calling into operation thc efforts of godly laymen. , Tho DKAN OP HOUART' felt that the extension of lay agency would,not supply what was required, namely, tho intervening link between the clergy and tho laity who would bo formed by tho appointment of the diaconales. Archdeacon JULIUS said that what they really wanted wai mon of tho people, not cut piT from tho people, but in t'uil sympathy with thom, and living up to tho Gospel u£ Christ. If tho Church could lay hold of such mon, give them its sanction, and scud: thom, amongst the people, ho believed tho Church would find tho ndvnutugo of it. Ho "very earnestly supported'tho'motion. . Archdeacon DAWES said ..that what (hey wanted was to rouso the pcoplo in their churches, lind lol thom feel that to them belonged inpart the priesthood, of God, and that they must labour to win back the masses to God. Ho thought they ought to establish parochial missions. Tho Hov. F. T. WHITINGTON moved tho adjournment of tho debate. Tho .1'UKHJDEN'T; before : pulling tho motion, said ho thought thoHouso ought lo know what had boon dono else- where with reference to this very matter. Tho House of Convocation of York,, on April .22, ISSS-l, passed tho follow- ing resolution :-" That this House is of opinion that, in view of the overwlieliiiing need of increase in the number of tho ministry, and'tho importance of providing sufficient endowments fur the purpose, it is expedient to ordain to tho oliico of deacon men possessiug other mean« of living, who aro willing to aid tho clergy gratuitously, provided that thoy bo tried aud examined according to the preface of tho Ordinal, mid in particular bo found to possess a , competent knowledge of tho Holy Scripture, of the Book of Common Prayer, aud of theology in general ; provided also that they be in no case admitted to tho priesthood unless they.can "pass all tho examinations which aro required in thu case of other candidates for that oflico. and that they shall have devoted their wholo time to spiritual lubour for nd less i hun four years, unless they aro graduates before they present themselves for theso exami- nations." Tho motion for tho:adjournment.of the debate was then agreed to. . REVISION OE THE 1'RAVER 310OK. Tho Bishop: of BALLARAT moved.-" Thut this synod is of opinion, that tho Prayer liouk of tho Church of England stands urgently in iieed of such revision ns will augment its flexibility,* variety, and comprehensiveness, without introducing'any:.doctrinal changes, and respect- fully submits this expression pf. its opiniou'to tho authori- ties of .tho Church in ?Enplitudj.oanicstly hoping a thut they may, in their wisdom, soe lit to originate early notion in this Iiiatter." Tho speaker «aid the.resolution which stood in Iiis uanio was' brought forward by him live years ago. Tho , 1'ruyor Book, in lils opinion required somo revision. Ho .did not- propose- that they (the Synod! . Bhould attempt to rovjso tho Book.of,Common- Prayer, but thoy could make cèi'ittin representations to thc authorities to thc effect that a revision was désirable. The Prayer Book had been in uso for over 200 vears, nnd they oujht to know something of its merits and dofects. lt was a wondrously and incal- culably valuable book to all of thom, nnd ho yielded to nobody in tho synod in his profound admiration of tho chanto language of that volume. Ho did not riso to attack the book; on tho contrary ho loved and revered it too much to attack it; but ho dui sav that tho book was open to revision. It had boen revised four timea'already, nnd it would be quito reasonable to have it revised again. Tho moment tho American Church got free from tho Act of Uniformity it betook itself to tho work of revising tho Prayer Book ; and tho great Church of Ireland, as soon ns it was freed from tho Act, followed tho same course. He then quoted exten- sively from tho remarks which havo boen mado on tho subject of tho revision of tho Book of Common Traver, bv tho Bishop of Winchester, tho Bishop of Bedford, the Bishop of Norwich, and other loamed men of all ecüoóls of thought, tho wholo of whom wero decidedly in favour of some alteration of tho book. Ho also said that Lord Nelson hod stated that some of tho services in tho book were not at all suited to many mombors of tho Church, and did not meet tho requirements of tho great mass of tho people. Having used tho Prayer Book incessantly for vears, and formed an opinion regnrdmg itu merits and "dofoèts, th» rev. gentleman said that a deliberate conviction had been formed in his mind that nothing other than n renewed baptism of power from tho Holy Ghost were moro important to tho lifo and prosperity of tho Church than tho revision of tho bpok. Ho thou alluded to tho rigidity in- stylo and direction, and tho lack of variety which characterised the volumo. In his opinion it was, in many respects, somewhat monotonous. He did not think tho great bulk of their people took spontaneously to tho rigid stylo of tho Prayer Book, and thero was nn outcry for shorter services. Tho effect of the rigidity "of stvlo in the \ book was ultimately to briug about disobedience. At tho present timo ho did not bolievo that tho rubrics were obeyed strictly. As a matter of fact, only half tho burial service was used in Australia. (Cries of "' Oh, oh I ") Well, ho was very glad, to bo cor- rected, and ho would withdraw tho1 remark. Ho had been told that tho Church of Romo provided greater liberty of action for tho clergy, and tho clergymen of tho English Church must either go to Romo or dissent, or violato thoir declaration if they wanted greater freedom, flo preferred to agitato for the "lawful authority to pot certain improve- ments brought about in tho book which was so dear to all of thom. He then dealt with tho objections which might bo raised against the revision. There would, he said, be no danger from a proper revision of tho work os long as tho alterations did not involvo any doctrinal changes. It was marvellous to him to find tho peoplo of n Reformed Church protesting against tho revision of tho Book of Common Prover. Tho revision of tho work was not impossible, and they must have it revised either with thc consent of the English Parliament or with- out it. If they could not get a reform in thoir Uturgy, then let them bo freo and let them be disestablished. One ad- vantage of passing the resolution would bo that tho quos tion of the revision would be brought under tho notico of tho great authorities in England. Tho subject would then bo properly considered hy tho Lambeth Conference, and ho thought that tho result uf the consideration would be to further the causo of the Churoh of England. Archdoacon BEAMS, in seconding tho motion, said ho advocated in certain, respects a revision of tho Book of Common Prayer. Ho yielded to none in his admiration for and in his attachment to the book, and it was becauso he so greatly admired it and was so greatly attached to it that ho wished to soe it mado adaptable to tho understandings and . tho needs of his.fellow ;burchmen of the present ¡genera- tion. Somo of tbo language contained in tho book waa antiquated, and not easily understood by the people. Further, some of tho language waa actually misleading to those who used jt or heard it.used. There was great need of more liberty being given to tho ofUciating ministers. The Athanasian Creed was a noble symbol-(hear, hoar) but it was hardly understood by tho great majority of tho people. Somo liberty should also be'allowed in the uso of tho Burial Servico; and a number of collects specially adapted for uso in families wero also wanted. The PiiEsiüENT suggested to tho synod that it was advisable to obtain n largo variety of opinions on tho ques- tion, and to this end he desired that tho speakers would endeavour to concentrate their arguments. Thero was a concentration which helped rather than hindered discussion. (Hear, hear.) Tho Dean of Hon ART hoped that tho synod would givo the most uncompromising opposition to tho motion which had boen brought forward by the Bishop of Ballarat. He exprsssed his entire dissension to the motion, and to a large part of what tho. mover kaelsaid on tho subjoct. Ho hud felt extremo grief and pain on blearing some of tho remarks which had fallen from tho mover of the resolution. (Hear, hear.) Lot them have an appendix to tho Book of Common Prayer, but thoy did not waut the volume amended. (Hear, hear.) \ Tho Rov. Canon CHALMERS'',proposod tho follow- ing amendment,-"That all tho words after tho second 'that' in. lino 1 as', far as tüo word 'changes' in lino 3 bo omitted, with a view to sub- stitute tho following, words :-'Thero. exists an urgent need for the compilation of an appendix to tho Book of Common Prayer, which shall consist of sorvioos for mis- sions and various other 'special occasions.' " (Hear, hear.) In the course of his speech ho said churchmen did not want tho English Parliament^, which was composed of Jows, Turks, and heretics, to legislate for them. (Hear, hear.) Archdeacon DRUITT seconded tho amendment. The Rov. W. J. K. PIDDINGTON suprjorted the amend- ment. It seemed to him that tho Bishop of "Ballarat's desire was to do somothiug so sweeping and so utterly re- volutionary that ho (tho speaker) was filled with alarm and grief. (Hear, bear.) The Rev. J. BARNIER supported the motion, which he contended would, not have tho etfoct of disparaging tho Book of Common Prover. Analtored statoof things iu tho present ago required that tho hook should in some respects bc revised. Ho thought tho adding of appendices to \tlio book without rovisiug it would cre.ito somo confusion. Ho hoped the synod would use its iuliuenco to obtain a revision of tho book. Mr. W. TARLETON, who said he prized tho Prayer Book very highly, and did not think there was any need of a revision, supported tho amendment. Extempore prayers would not, ho said, secure tho church from doctrinal1, charges. (Hear, hoar.) Wheu a man began to piny his ' own prayers, there was no knowing where ho would go to. (Laughter.) Ho boped tho motion would bo thrown out by a substantial majority. (Henr, hear.) Tho Rev. J. D. LANGLEY expressed' bia admiration of tho address which had been given by tho Bishop of Ballarat. Ho thought tho matter of tho revision of tho Boot: of Common Prayor and its rubrics a vory importan t question. He would regard it as a matter" for great regret if tho dour old Prayer Book with all its phraseology, and with all its rubrics, was touched When they began revising there was no knowing where they would end. (Hear, bisar.) He admired tho manliness and outspokenness which had been displayed by tho Bishop of Ballarat. Tho Rev. Canon HOWELL, in opposing tho motion, acknowledged the courage of tho Bishop of Ballarat, but said he had boon cxtromoly hurt by tho tono of the addresa which had bceu given by tho right rev. mover. With regard to tho non- usage of the burial service, ha thought that the servico was not too long to be used in tho opon air. Tho bishops might see that tho wholo of tho oüico was pro- perly earned out. Tho Dtau of MELBOURNE opposed any alteration hoing mado in tho Prayer Book. Although other things had changed, he thanked God that that book hud not changed. (Applause.) Its very archaisms wore precious to church- men, Mid if some of its language was not understood by tho peoplo it waa the oüico of the clergy to instruct their peoplo in its meaning. (Hear, hear.) Ho deprecated any attempt to alter the phraseology'of tho book, and said he thought tho loss of ono 'woiil would bo a^loss of association, and association! wero dear to them. (Applause.) Archdeacon HALES opposed, tho motion. In his opinion to touch tho Boole of Common Prayer would bo to touch tho noblest possession that; any Church or any human society ever held. (Applause.) Several members of tho synod then roso to address tho meeting, but they wore mot with cries of '^Divido, divido." Tho PRESIDENT said ho hoped tho eynod would not venturo upou a division until tho mutter had beon further discussed. Ho would suggest that more', lay members should give the synod tho benefit of their opinions upon tho subject. (Hear, hear.) The Deuu of BATHURST spoke in favour of and supported tho uuienilmenf. Mr. A. R. H. PIETZCHEU next spoke. Tho fact that tho matter of tho revision of tho Prayer Book had been brought forward by tho Bishop of Ballarat, and supported\by somo of tho clergy, was quite sulliciout to dompnstraUiito-him that tho question was dosorving of consideration Vt ' tho j hands of u committee He would support tho amend- ment. Mr. G. W. HAWKES supported the amendinent. The Rev. A. T. PUDIUCOMHK said ho thought it was'-nn utter impossibility to'obtaiu a revision which would.be anything like as satisfactory us. the present Prayer Book; (Hoar, hear.) Something moro than mere addition to tho book was wanted. Tho clergy needed' a grcator, elasticity^ in ihe usu of tho material they had at band. (Hear, hear.) Mr. J. C. B. MONCRIEFF said a revision was neodocj in; the direction of more comprehensiveness in tho prayers which wero used by tho congregation, Tho- motion should bo passed by tho synod, aa it would bo a step in tho right itiicctiuti. The Rev. CHARLES VAUGHAN, spoke nt length on iiho subject of tho Athunusiuu Creed. He hoped they worq not fur from seeing tho Prayer Book enriched by tho addition of special forms of services. The Bishop of NEWCASTLE moved tho adjournment; of tho debute. The Bishop of TASMANIA, in seconding tho motion, 'said ho boped tho Primato would dvlivor un address on tho sub- ject boforo tho debate was concluded. (Loud applause.) '? At 10.iO the debate was iuijuurnodum.il Monday,'tho resumption of tho debuto to be nu order of tho day io? Monday. ' Tho ilouso then adjourned until 3 p.m. on Monday... " l'on TUF. Bi.0011 is Tin: LIFK."-Clarko's World-famed Iilood Jhxturo is warrantoti to cleanse the blood from all impurities irom whatever cuus.o arising. Vor scrofula, scurvy, skinauu blood" uiscubcs, uutl seres of all kinds, its effects arc marvellous. Xhou taiids of .testimonials. In bottles is cd each ; and in casca, con. tumimr si* times tho quantity, lls.of all chemists. Proprietor,tho Lincoln and -Midland Counties Druif Co.. Lincoln. Unir.-fAiiVT 