Jxwntific & Useful. It is announced that a scientist by the name of Olszewski has succeeded in obtaining a temperature of 393 degrees below zero. J. 'Deo* AST, on filtering mercury through a Ffamuller's apparatus, perceiveda well-marked development of electricity. On pouring the mercury into another vessel, ins fingers happening to touch the stream, he received a ray smart shock, Ir is said that mineral water manufacturers are now availing themselves of the advant ages to be derived from the use of glycerine in the preparation of liquors, flavours, etc, which are so much in request in beverages. A matehial which is fireproof as well as Indestructible by vermin is made of asbestos and silicate. It resembles stone, and though auuave la appearance is of light weight. It mfrfc'* * useful box or safe for the preser vation of documents. Ak investigator into the mysteries of fljiimaJ |ffe asserts thu-t a bee's working tools comprise a variety equal to that of the average mechanic He says that the feet of the common working bee exhibit the com bination of a basket, a brush, and a pair of pincem The brash, the hairs of which are arranged in symmetrical rows, is only to be soai with the microscope. W ith this brush of fairy delicacy the bee brushes its velvet robe to remove the pollen dust with which it becomes loaded while sucking up the nectar. Another jwticle, hollowed like a apoon. receives ail the gleanings which the insect carrie* to the hive. Finally, by opening them, one upon another, by means of a hinge, these two pieces become a pair of pincers, which render important sarvice in the con struction of the combs. A raw explosive, known as Hellhoffite, which has been invested by Helihoff and Giuson, has been subjected to comparative trials at St. Petersburg, together with bitro glycerine and ordinary gunpowder. It is de .-ceribed as a solution of nitrated organic com* -buu.tion — napthaline, phenol, benzine, etc. —in faming nitric acid. In preparing tlie jjiellnoffite tried in the experiments, biaitro benzine, a solid, inexplosive, and badly burning body was used. The trials showed that Hellhoffite possesses the following ad vantages : (1) In igniting it with fulminate of mercury it acts more powerfully than nitro glycerine ; (2) it may oe stored and trans ported with perfect safety as regards concussion, as it cannot be exploded either by a blow or a shock, nor by an open flame. On the other hand, it has the following dis advantages :(1) Hellhof&te; is of such a volatile nature that it can be stored only in perfectly closed vessels ; (2) Hellhoffite is rendered completely inexplosive by being mixed with water, and can consequently not be employed in works under water. Mr. Hok, the inventor and manufacturer of the elaborate printing machines that bear bis name, has been prophesying that photo graphy will before long supplant the printing press entirely. The one thine now necessary to enable it to do so is the prodnctioD at a cheap enough price of the very sensitive papers recently introduced into photography. It is quite certain that scientific chemistry will before long bring down the present cost of sensitising paper considerably, but it is a question whether it will do so enough, (riven, however, a cheap enongh aen&ative; paper, all printing would become a swift and silent and very simple process ; the product ion of a negative would take the place of the present setting op of type ; improved type writers would come into vogue, by means of which anyone could produce, after a little practice, a printed negative; the operation of printing off any number of copies would consist in setting a roll of paper to unwind in front of the negati* e. from behind which a bright light flashing at properly- regulated very short intervals of time would rirodnce an impression at each flash. If each flash lasted a second 3,600 copies could be obtained from one negative in an hour ; but as the produc tion of a dozen or any number of negatives from one is a very simple matter there would practically be no limit to the speed of print ing. Portraits, pictures, and diagrams would print with as great ease as reading matter. Thus if Mr. Hoe's prophecy ts fulfilled, the daily newspaper of the future may easily be the Art Journal. The London Time* says :— A decided de parture from the practice hitherto followed in the construction of electric *J-ntpTigR for working tramways has been introduced in an electrical locomotive which has been built for the North Metropolitan Tramway Company. TngtpaH of the elecbic motor being a fixture and having motion transmitted from it through belt gearing to the wheels of the car, the motor itself revolves, the motion being transmitted through bevel gearing. The system is the invention of Mr. EHieson, and the locomotive has been built by the Electric Locomotive and Power Company, of 6, Great Winchester-street, London. The locomotive is similar in appearance to a short tramcar, and carries a secondary battery consisting of 50 E.P.S. cells. This battery ia connected np with the electric motor, the motion abaft of which projects horizontally about 2ft, and carries at its end a spur wheel which gears into a fixed circular rack. Thus, when the motor is started it is, by means of this gear ing, rotated. A vertical shaft is attached to the under side of the motor, carrying at its lower end a bevel wheel which gears into one or other of two similar wheels on the driving axle of the engine. This mitre gearing is fitted with a friction cTntch, by means of which the locomotive can be ran either back wards or forwards. The 50 cells are equal to 280 amperes and as the average consumption is stated to be 45 amperes per hour, it follows that there is a good six hours' supply of power carried. The machinery b so arranged that a speed of eight miles an hour cannot be exceeded. Both the locomotive and the tramcar can be electrically lighted at night from the battery by mrevnn of glow lamps. We recently inspected the working of mis locomotive at the tramway company's depot at Stratford, which was satisfactory in the limited space at command. It was started, stopped, and reversed very readily. The machinery is of a simple character, and can be adapted to the tramcar itself in new stock. The Electric Locomotive Company are building a more powerful engine in order to demonstrate the application of the system on railway lines. Ora oldest almanac—' Munro's Port Curtis Almanac, and Miners' and Settlers' Com panion '' — appears for 1SS6 as fresh and attractive as when it was first issued, twenty two yeare ago. The *? Table of Contents w shows it to be primed with all that makes such publications handy and useful. Besides the Calendar there is a great variety of in formation needed for reference. Special attention should be paid to the tide-tables, which will not be found in any other publica tion. The gardening calendar may also be con sulted with profit- Every selector who is not already provided should furnish himself with the Synopsis of the New Land Act contained in the Almanac. A western critic lately saw George Mpn as Hamlet, and on the following day his con clusions were published as follows : — *' There is too much chinning in the piece. The author is way behind the times, and seems to forget that what we want now-a- days is hair raising situations and detectives. In the hands of a skilful playwright a detective would have been put upon the track of Hamlet's uncle, and tbe old man would have excited the audience out of their number elevens. Tbe moral of the piece is not good. The scene where Hamlet sasses his mother is a very bad example to the rising generation ; and it isn't helped when the dreary old ghost comes in and tells him to hold his jaw. i)ur advice to the author is, a little more action, a little more gurgling taffy, a fair share of variety business in Iiis next piece. In tbe speciality &eU; of the play scene lie has entirely missed bin apnortuiiitieg, ' 