THE PRAHB&N; MUNIOIPXL B LOE MEETING. Br THE PROPHET. The above event, which takes place on Thursday, August 12th, will certainly cause a deal of excitement in the city. Tihe nominations for the various events were posted on Wednesday last. A perusal of the same will show that some splendid animals will be.brought to face the starter. Below I give a slight sketch of the career of each borse; also my prognostication of what the result of the principal race will be. VEaiosrer, by Postboy-Toorak.road Wanderer, is a well- known thoroughbredof considerable staying power. He made his first appearance on the Prabran Turf many years ago, when he won the City Stakes. Re has provedan admirable worker, and usually cuts out the running. He is a rather flash horse, especially when in company with other equine wonders. He will champ his bit, and,prance about and neigh until his rider allows him his, head, when he goes to the front with a dash. His wind is unusually good; he palls up after an hour's spin as fresh as a daisy. He won'the Mayoral Plate in 18h2, when the T star was in the ascendancy. At that time the Lewisham Giant let his saddle-cloth fall upon Verbdsity, and bad not his trainer noticed that it was much too large he might have fallen and broken his knees. Verbosity has one great defect to mar his otherwise handsome appearance, and that is his abnormally developed jaw, which for stud purposes will greatly mar his worth. fie was entered for the latest Richmond Grand National Steeplechase, but as the jumps were increased in number and size after nomination his owner wisely with drew him. He has since then been exer cised on wood pavement, which he seems to like. He will certainly make the pace very hot in the coming meeting, but 1 do not think he will get his nose past the judge's box first. AeST, by Syndicate-The Ghost, is a chestout horse of small proportions. Very little is known of, hie career prior to his appearance upon the local turf three years ago, when he won third money by a nose. On that occasion his present stable com panions, Verbosity and Sir Thomas, cut the running out for him, and succeeded in blocking Firebell, who ran close upon his heels all the way. Hoe has been a vebry quiet municipal hack, never in the front row on show days, and always appears to be chewing cud-a peculiar habit for a borse, you will say. NeverthelBas he las a host of monied admirers, who intend to back him heavily. A lamb is no good unless it is possessed.of a fine fleece; neither is a rabbit pelt, with which latter A.;ent is very fond of being covered. Ilis trainer recently thought he would try him at ajump, so sent him at an Irish fence, when he fell and brought his rider "a cropper," much to the delight of the ad mirers of Parnell, who was leading. His chances of again winning a place in. the coming contest are very remote. Those who fancy him, and would like to see his training, can find him early in the morning on the pottery tan, Orueng road. FIagaorLS, by Billy-Semper Paratus. Tho owner'of this horse has evidently a better opinion of him than the public, for I see he has again entered him for the Blue Ribbon, instead of disposing of him for back purposes. He is aged now, but as a youngster he won three or four events upon the local turf, which placed him in the front rank. He was always a doubtful animal, inclined to be restive at the start, and possessed of an exceedingly hard mouth. He had not been long in the municipal stable when he developed some ugly traits of temper, and amused himself by kicking his companions and trainer Hlo has been tried on the trotting trackl but proves unmanagable. His owners and backers have lost a pot of money over him, and jockeys are very chary of mounting him. Some time ago his owner invested largely in building-regulation straw, owing to ihe scarcity of oats. Firebell took to the food kindly, but finding his stable-companions turned up their noses at it be reccmmended the trainer to " cram it down their throats." Neitber rock-salt nor Norris's Condition Spice made the food palatable to the other horses, consequently i'irebell had to eat the whole supply, which caused him to suffer acutely, and almost incapacitated him from again run ning.. A deal of attention having since been paid to his "joints," he has again and again been started on the turf, but always ingloriously defeated. Latterly he has been taking walking exercise on the "gas meter track," but his appearance has not created much admiration. His owner thinks he has tamed him down somewhat and that his chances of a win are very bright. He is certain to be heavily weighted, but I do not think he will carry much public money, neither d3 I think he will be placed. ote ANCIENT, by Broadbrim-Lady Raleigh. I am much surprised to see this grey old warrior again brought into the arena. In a weight-for-age race like the Prahran Cup he has a very poor show. His racing career dates back to the early days of sporting in Prahran. If I remem ber rightly he was trained on the Alfred Hospital reserve, with other equine cele brities who have long since tallen into shades of the past.' In his younger days he could make the pace sufficiently warm for many aspirants on the local turf. He was entered for the first time in 1860 for the Borough Purse, which he won. In the same year he was nominated for the Mayoral Plate, much to the disgust of the owner of King Broadbrim, who thought 'that a onc-year-old had no claims to public support. le, however, after a hard fight, won the coveted laurel. His owner kept him in the municipal stable for many years; after he again won the Mayoral Plate in 1868\. .lthough a game horse still, I do not think he can cover the distance in sufficient time to make him dangerous at the finish. He can never be made to run on wood pavement. INanoM, by Don Giorini-the Bohemian Girl. This horse is well known in sporting circles. His proportions are large--aspe cially the barrel-and when h0 holds himself erect he makes a capital study for Worth, the American hminouriot. On a macadasmised road he has floe action, but on wood pavement he is uncertain. He has twice won City Stakes, but was beaten in a recent contest. He was a stable com. panion of Verdent Wood in the Sohool Board Park, but left his stall very mysteriously one day when his trainer was absent, thereby allowing a roaming old nag to slip into hil place. Since then he bhas been taking walking exercise on the Agri. cultural track. Hle is certainly. in fine condition now, and I recommend' his trainer to keep him at a safe distance from the big bee, Bingham, prior to the day of the race; otherwise he nmay be stung. I hope he starts, for the tail end of a race is always interesting. THre BUILDERB, by Windsor-Lady Bea. conafield. I look upon this iron-grey steed as the dark horse of the season. He made his debft last year in the Civic Plate, when he was admittedly out of form; nevertheless he secured fourth position, beating several well-known animals. Latterly he has been turned I~ose at Berwick, where, after enioying the' tran quility of the scenery around the Big House, he has been brought into: sound condition by judicious treatment.- His running can be depended upon, and pro. vided he is well ridden, I am inclined to think that the race will resolve itself into acontest for third place between himrself and.Agent. He is a general favorite arounnd Windsor Castle, and has many admirers about Swelldom and The Roosting Place. He has a dislike to wood pavement, con sequent upon a fall thereon, whereby he split his hoof. Sin TnoscAs,by Bingham-.TheMayoress is a fine upstanding animal with plenty ef bone. He is by no means a young horses although his appearance on the turf is but of recent date. He was trained in Survey Paddock, Chapel-street, Prahran for eleven years prior to being entered for the local Cup in 1883. He was made firs. favourite for that event, and justified ths confidence placed in him by coming in an easy winner by 403 leigthe ahead of Verbosity, who secured second 'place Agent being a bad third, closely' followed by :firebell, whilst Architect and Whip brought up the rear. Since he has bees in the municipal stable he has carefullj digested the provender given him, ant generally gratified his owners, who ar: naturally proud of him. He won the IMayoral Plate last year, and was place~ in the civic loose-box vacated by Welsh man. Unlike his fiery predecessor he raised not a single cloud of amoke in the municipail stall, neither did he cause the jockey's reading room to be thronged by brood mares and three-year-old colts eager to disport themselves at the Reception Stakes. Although in the casualty room I am told, he could often be found sampling Lorne oats and Geneva straw in company with his trainer and one or two ardent admirers. The Mare's Produce Race this year has not appeared upon the' official card, causing considerable surprise "in sporting circles. If Byron cannot bein. duced to reinstate it in the coming seasoii I fear he will be voted incapable of manag ing such an important institution as the Prahran Mayoral Race Society. However, as an outside admirer of Sir Thomas I do not think this will jeopardise his chance of again winning the Prahrats Cup. I shall place mymoney on him and consider that I am backing a moral. At the close of the race I expect to see the numbers go up in the following order: SIR TIOMBAS .......... .'. 1 VERBOSITY ......... ... 2 THS BUILDER............ 8 