WESLEYAN CHURCH. AT the WVesleyan Church, on Sunday morn. ing, Rev. Mr. Ingamells preached from Levi ticus vi, 15-"The fire shall burn upon the altar." The rev. gentleman delivered a very able discourse, of which the following is the substance. In scripture history of the olden time fire was frequently a symbol of the Divine pres ence. Sometimes it was intended as a signal mark of Divine favour; at others it was an indication of God's anger, and was employed for the purpose of destruction. There were two instances of its being used in the life of Elijah. First on Mount Carmel-where Elijah and the 450 prophets of Baal assem bled and where the fire descended at the prayer of the prophet of Jehovah, and the people who witnessed the discomfiture of the idolatrous priests fell upon their faces and cried "The Lord he is God i The second instance was where king Ahaziah sent 50 men to apprehend Elijah who had reproved his messengers for their idolatry, when, God, ever ready to resent an injury, con sumed the 50 men with fire, and similarly dealt with an equal number of the king's servants who were sent on a similar errand. The fire mentioned in the text burned on the Jewish altar of sacrifice, and so long as it remained burning it was a proof that God dwelt among his people and regarded them with favour. In connexion with the altar fire the following circumstances were to be noted --First, That the fire was Divinely kindled; second, That the fire was fed by human] agency ; third, That the fire was continually burning ; fourth, That' the fire did go ont.: The preacher then alluded to the circum. stances attending the kindling of the Divine fire at the Tabernacle on Mount Sinai, and how the witnesses of the solemn spectacle gave expression to their feelings by one burst of joy, and falling prostrate wor shipped the present deity. The Holy Spirit was promised to the church in the emblem of fire.' John the Baptist foretold that the Saviour would be baptised with the Holy Ghost and with fire. The sacred gift -which burned on the Jewish altar was a striking symbolical proof that God had accepted the sacrifice of the Children of Israel Christ told his disciples that when He departed from them He would send the Comforter; and on the Day of Pentecost when the cloven tongues, likens of fire, sat upon each of them, they knew that Jesus had entered upon Salvation and that God the Father had accepted the Son's sacrifice as all-sufficient. As the fire which burned upon the Jewish altar was intended to be a permanent gift throughout the dispensation, so the Divine Spirit was meant to be a perpetual gift of God to his Church. A church wanting the presence of the Spirit was cold, lifeless and dead. The usual course of services may be performed ; the usual order and decorum of worship may be observed-but where is the life and power that enable a church to idarch on to victory ? The church receives the gift of the Holy Spirit through united, earnest, believing prayer; and meon and women must come together, most units in church fellow ship, if they wish to kindle the fire and manifest the power of !the Spirit. Burning coals when scattered give out little warmth, but when gathered together they give in creased light and heat. So Christians, to get the full light of the Spirit, must gather to gether, heart kindling heart," prayer joinimg prayer, until a power and unction is obtainoel not experienced under any other circum stances. Under the old economy, the sacred fire would not descend upon a blemished offering; and, in like manner, God requires that the recipients of His gift shall possess a nure heart. The fire which burned on the Jewish altar was fed by human agency. It was the duty of the priests to keep the fire burning-they prepared the wood and di vided the sacrifice. And so with the gift of the Holy Ghost, for though it comes as a gift of the Father's love, man has still his part to play, there are human duties to be performed. We must not expect the gift of the Holy Spirit to be renewed every morn ing, or repeated from Sabbath to Sabbath. As the Jewish priests laid the wood in order on the altar, so must the Christian do his share of the covenant. The preacher then spoke of the efficacy of prayer, cnntendiong that, no matter what soeptics or infidels might say to the contrary, God bleeseth his people only in answer to prayer; and he gave numerous instances, recorded in the scriptures, of supplications answered by the Deity. Once the Divine fire was kindled in the heart, if we desired it to burn with brighter glow and intenser heat, there must be earnest, believing, fervent, united prayer. Such was the human, God-obtained agency. The fire which burned on the Jewish altar burned continually. The priests were re quired to be in constant attendance day and night; they guarded the fire as a sacred cift, as a precious heritage from Jehovah. lieh sacrifice which Christians have to offer a a sacrifice of praise and prayer from the altar of the human heart. And, if such con stant uninterrupted attendance was essential where all was typical and shadowy, how much more necessary in God's people is constant attendance upon His altar. Do the people of God realise the necessity for such untiring devotion? Are there not frequent interruptions of the Divine presence, through inattention to religious duties, through slack ness and coldness, through neglect of prayer und the other means appointed by God ? If we wish to retain the gift our attendance at the altar must he habitual and regular, it must not grow monotonous. Public and social means of grace must not be neglecte-there must be attendance at the prayer meetings and the class meetings. Methodism could not get on without those things. The fire on the Jewish altar did go out. It went out sooner than God intended it should. When the Israelites returned from their captivity and set about building a new temple there was great rejoicing at the event, but some of the old men, who remembered the previous temple, mourned, and their lamentations drowned the rejoicing of the others. They sorrowed because there was no sacred fire on the altar of sacritice. The fire had gone out because the people had been unfaithful. Sometimes the fire goes out of a Christian church. The church at Ephesus was warned that its candlestick would be removed if it did not continue faithful ; and historians re late how, for generations afterwards, there were no Christian churches in that city-the fire had gone out. Look at Europe before the Reformation. What universal coldness and deadness prevailed until God raised up Luther and Melanchton. Look at England before the advent of Wesley and Whitlield. It seemed as if the fire had gone out of the churches in that land. God Wvithdraws his Spirit from an unfaithful people. There were three ways of extiegnlshlng a fire by quenching it with water, bysmothering it with mailerials, or by negleetu it. It y'as possible tCo quench the Hol irit by- om mitting sin; or it might 't smothered by heaping worldliness upon it. A man might become so engrossel with the things of the world that he could not lind time for prayer, class meetings, bible reading, or religious meditation- and while thus absorbed the spiritual fire would become extinct. Or, it might go out through being left alone, unattended to, neglected. There was no need to commit sin, or to perpetrate a wrong-simple inattention was sufficient to grieve the Spirit and induce it to take its departure. 