THB PBDBRAL COUNCIL Adopting Mr Service', imagery, tbe shadow, at departing days have closed around tho Fede ral Council, and for a year at least it will root from ila labors. It expired peacefully, and with evan lose eenmoay than when it commenced it. it by proclamation while tbo dalogateo picnicked. A buqnet ia tbo evening of tbo last day of oaoaioa, given by Miniatoro, celebrated ito dam ito like a docoron. 11 woks," ud at thio tbsrawoo .omot oxcolloat opaoch -making, tho moot'mceooofnl ot tha acroao- the- napkin orator, being Mr Griffith aad Mr H. H. Hicballa, (or- autly at tho " So Herat Star," bat now of tbo "Hobort Mercury," who, ianopondlng to tho loot tout ot tbo oveatnf, tho Praos, fairly tatsctad tho udionoa with bio own uthaslum For roaasna I have bofaro alludad to, tha icroraot again abatalnad from attnndanco at thio ooput, ud in fact hu thronghant oaro- lally kept himaalt aloof from uy participation n fadaral futivitiao. Althangh, to avoid uy rvproach lor bio wut ot koopitality bogavo oat dinnsr at hia quaint BHaabttbu palace on tha Derwent, on towm at which has io it a clock ot tha (oak ion yoa etill occasionally lea tn old ohurcba. ia Orait Britain. Tha time ot day hare ii mt by a gun which i. diMhargad exactly at 1 o'clock, tho (ring of which generally has tha affect ot dissi pating eoau at the haavy elands lying hit won Mount Wellington and tha aaa,and ranaing them to sand down u annoying diiixla. Whan tha work of tha Counoll ia raviawad, it will ba eeen that, u I pointed out before would bo tha case, nothing baa been don. beyond lay ing down Unas lor lucessdiag CooneUt to fal low on, end formulating standing Old era for them to obey. Tbo importance el having tho roughly effective Blending Otdan waa recog nised Irom tha Intend gnat oara waasxerdasd tn compiling them. Tha roe alt is that thay follow generally tha principles which are ap proved by May, and which govern the pro- eudnva nf the Henna of Commons and other Lvgialaiuraa imnlded at ths British model- And where this is not ao it ia sometimes not alto gether easy ta discern tha reason for it. Tht cbisf mattara in which it is intended that tha Fadaral Council shall differ from other Legisla tive bodies are tha forme ud ceremonial need in wambling it, ud tha appointment of n Standing Committee, which, though not abso lutely Ministerial in its nature, ecu tor tha Couacil after it has bean adjourned or prorogue!, or la in racaaa. In tha drat instance, it appears ts ba intended that ths formal opening ot tbo Council by tho Governor of tha colony in which lt |eit», should ba dlapuitd with. Once set in wtlon tbe Cooaeil In disposed to ignore tha powaa at the Craws, and ta matt like uy other coovonatioa or cooference, adjourning at plaaaoia, ud oa its awa motion without eato- moay. Tha only limitation to thia ia that it ia necessary that ths Oovanor of somouo of tho colonies should issue a proclamation convening the Council-, ud aa tha pawsr to brief it into being also includes tha right to aqnaaas out ita it tale Ufa ohonld occaaion demand, it may ba warned that by ths Qovansr only wiU lt ba proaognad. Bat as than is no longer uy need lor tbo Crows to cow down ud a tart tha pro eroding, and orate through ita rapraaentatira wa w aot likaly to bars a repetition ot the disagreement which took piece oa the fliat occaaion, whu Hia Hxcolloacjy Sir George Strahu considered kit aw ao craally pat oataf joint by ths deUrery of the Presi dent's Little ad dram baton bis apaoek from tha Throne. At future Fadaral Co snails wa wy anticipate that tha raproroataUee of bar Majeaty wfl. take a remote pew, ud content himself wMfc, aa convener, summoning tht Council, aad strangling it judicially whenever it intimatas adoeiro to anhmit Ua aackte tha execntloaar ; while bit by bit the «. — Committal wiH cow to bo regarded aa prac. tlcally tha rrmnril, ud tha natural mosth for tha axprwioa ot Aaatraliu wiahaa. Tha etstngth ot the Stavdlng Csmadttaa lias In tha tut that it soil lemilu al vapa la asmioe, while ths CooacU will ba lor Kty walks la tths year aurlband- Tbe life ot the Standi ng Committal cannot bo destroyed avm by the frown ot u Imperial ud Imperious Secretary of State, while that at Um Coaaoil cu practicallf only bo ram ami at Mar Majesty'a plauars, aa aha may rommud haaGovaraaaA having pawgned ana ComnoU, nattoeonvaaa anathar. It Is qnlta rosy to Imagine that ta the t store there wy arias aow larm question u which Um (wlultto fed deeply, whnrnia their uiahot waold utlaaiy Claak with thaw of Has Mejtity'a Gararnmnt, who aright ha disposed ta tattle tha matter by mt giving bash life to the fount glut" la Australia, who ingrowing up Vie becoming a nnlronoa. And ahoald this feeling ever ariro, tbaro will ba as ankvardaw, owing ta thia pro Vivian wbieh rudw tha Oooaall la- eepeUe of IvnmmMBA bwfiENi BIM ronmwnad M It kg tha CaaaA At tha wttaaaMffiM ha MOtatabaHi (Ml taw Star..lit:p ('lie--, -vbi.-b .tti- the chief a-c-k tit- Cottrc 1 ! ; - itt'oricr.l. but -t ,> lbs Irttiiirg iuva of harm.ny and tintci aitb tb« Ktuj ire before all, which ha. bern the tn tin principle con.i-tantly folloarrtl. The founders of tbe American federation went to work In tbe r pit it that tb.y mutt, though partly with re. , t.l, cnt all tioa with England with the sword and, if ntcnearydy o tha charter of their fratarai- raiioa ia tbair blood, bat oar Federal ist! hove approached the question with "God Save tha Qoaea" oa tbair lips ud la tbair hearts, ud have par. latently kept |a view ths nal&oattoa; not at tha colonial only, bat at ths Empire. Tha proceedings ot tha Coa aeil, thay have resolved, mast bolnttlatad aad ooacludrd by tha Crown, whose wut la aaadad ta cloths tha meaaaw pwad with tha form MTaw, u that piactloally tha Council ud Ita paocatdiaga are a renewal ot tha marriage Ila between two aetata! out ot tho throe which jotiad In John's Charter, via , the King ud the people. A federal movement Inaugurated in thla spirit baa la lt ths root of Imperial aa wall aa Colonial federation, and rsnderi anTttdapen. dent schema inch aa tha abortive ua, for which Mr ax-Mayor Carter aad hie format town oiatk an spootoie, a anrpluaga. In ton wpects van the Fodanliate have (Oil farther than ether legislator!, in providing for tha respect to ba ihown to tho Crown, for Standing Order Mo. 1M atipulatro that " whu a aawags from tha Oovvraor ia announced tha buainaia before tho caoncil ahall hs a us pond ad, aad tha baarar at tha maavaga ahall ba introducad." Tha chief feature ud outcome of the Hobort ro.elon b the appointment ot tho Standlsg Ocmmittav, cocaiitiag ot tht aanior nprwnta- tive ot tha oolonias of (juaantlud, Tasmania, and Victoria, with Mr Griffith aa head. To that gentlemu, tharvfors, la practically ntrnatsd tha ooatrol ud direction of tho foreign interests of Ana trails for tha arxt year— an onarou. impossibility far ao young a nut, hot ens for which I think ba will bo found thoroughly compaOet, although tbe fallara o! hia alght from overwork — ba already ia com pelled to ore glasses — ia a pwibla contingency. The Standing Committee Is antra. tad with th daty af preparing tha maaanrea for naxt Conn- oil, and ths revision of those which uy member porpsw to bring before It, tha advising of tha Governor of lasmuia when tha Coaacil cu next moat conveniently ba tummo.ad ta meet and apecially with tha power ot taking inch action while tha Council ia aot ia session no may appear to tht oammitW desirable, with respect to mattara of general Aaatralariu interval. Whan yon recollect that to lb. Federal Council no v ia delegated onprvma control over tha water, which environ Australiajoa can real las how grave a ratponri- bility might devolva upon the Standing Com mittee In time ot war, bscearo from its consti tution ud intent It It not only edvt.atory, bat incentive whlla u It ia not nacaaaary to moot in order that buiinw may ba tranfacted, nearly tha wbola authority of both Committal ud Cooaeil will, practically, all tha ysar ba wis Id ad by tha chairman of tha former. It ia fortunate, therefore, that aa far aa can ba raaao- ably ptvdictad, Mr Griffith's retention of office la hia own colony ta for tho nut year or two mora probable than that of uy other membor of lbe Council; so that upon him for loms time to come— certainly utl! naxt Council— mnst tba ayes ot Australia ba turned. It will . probably ba tonnd that tha choice la justified, (or Mr Grifflthuhibita a large grasp ot questions each u those connected with Australia', foiaign policy, and brings a lagally-educatad, judic- ally-balucad mind to bear upon them, while ha baa aot yet altogether loat a native impataoaity and capa city tor anthu.ing other, aa wall at him aalt amutial to raoeasefol leadership. Whan tha appoiatmeat ot tha firat Standing Committee was under consideration, a diacaarion took place open tha vary important point ot who wars to ba tbair anocsaaori in tha arut ot vacucias arising, aa thay eertainly will daring ths year aow currant, aad it waa Anally n- aolvtd that tha aanior member nominated on tba oemmlasion isanad by sub colony, or rather tha irst name which appeared on it u a repro- vemtatiTa, ahoald In each oaaa have tha tuc- nation. Soma awkward complications are likely to tnsnt from thla decision i timea ot political disturbance, whoa Sovonmnta an baiag rapidly change ud it would bare been battar had tha Govern, ami ot each eolony bean left perfectly tree to 11! up each vacaaey aa it plrorol. Thla diffi- ealty will probably indicate Itself before the Council again matt, in connection with tho Victorian as wall u tha Tasmanlaa dele gates. Ia another inspect alio ths Fadaral Cooaeil is unique, inasmuch aa it la about tha only legis lative body, Shaving legislative ud|adalniatra- live powers ia permitted to roparata without in soma form passing u Appropriation Bill. In plan of that time- honored nuisance, there ia a permanent Finuoa Committee, 'which oar- tig as all aceoanta, ud may perform "its duties whan tbo Council io not in aoaaion Yon will probably aak me. Wall u yoa were tbsro, row thoro men daily, naiad tbel eapadiiss ud the dooming., what |ia your opinion ia tba retell of thia masting ot tha Fadaral Council ? That I think might ba pat la a torn ot a opaaeh which, had tha Governor Btrahan attended ia parson to prorogue ths Coonsil, ha might fairly have delivered, nod which, it ha had ipoken hia aecret thaaghta,lika ha actor, in the Palace of Truth, would hava had thia isaae. "Gentleman, I thank yen for your attendance at thi Ant maaion of tha Federal Council. Yon bav dona nothing, bat yoa have done it remarkably w.U, Than hu bou a "Je na aaia quoi" in tha eoolaeea with which yon hava admitted yon cuu not to legislate, bat to enjoy tha host piulitias ot Hobort, which aadsan lualf to tba Aaast amotions at a widower like myself. I nonot you for ywnr devotion to Hoc Majaaty'a tbrooo ul paaron, I roe pact yoo greatly for tha little yoa hove dou while contriving to maks sack a tram aad one noiea in tha world ia doing it Yoa hold a stronger thaod than I do, for I oooldnt do it. Still I think yoa wan about right Yoa foand yoanalvro bora a nam- puy of throe aafo poUtiaiua, two doubtfnla ad thraa ghosts. In repnaut Ara colonial basidaa Booth A oa trail a, which yoa knew could be draggad in. Yoa hod ths mom not to pro- anno a poo the power, delegated to yoo, and to rook ta make tha day of little things hereof Mi (rnitfol, tboogh yoa might aot bo identified with tha oocroes. Ia thia brave ud genarou. spirit has your work been dou. From a patriotic iutinct, whan yon might have attempted to attain mach, yoa have achieved little ; yoa have aught to prove to tha oatetuding colonies that than was no danger ta thorn in carrying rat tht purpose, at federation rightly under- toed. Again, yon hava aurlficed yourselves and year possible hereafter fame ia history for tho public good, and havo Stall with largo issues with foresight, oon.idariag expediency rothar than tha opportunity at tha moawat, Gentlemen, tba Quean thank, yon. It in fay nch foresight and cool judgment that tha aorta of England itila triumphant in a thnroand aero. It ia oat of each patriotism statesman apricg. And when tba story of yoor day ii told ia time it erill be that of men who, in a piritof roll-abnegation rarely thown bars bean oeatant to lay broad aad drop the ! onndatlon of a aattaa who, knowing that tha harvest moat soma aa certain aa tha road ba rot, hava not aooght to hasten it, bat hava ban content to wait, ut only foe tha glsuing, bat for tha springing at tha Cora and tha ripening ot Ita oar. It is by rock aelf donation in hor aou, that England grows to gaaatnm, by inch bar empire ex pend. lata n thoosaad aaas, aad Imperial Federal ire, ataaagar thu Colonial, bawmaa mora parolbla. Gratlaman, I uy again, yon havo doaa Bathing, hot yoa hava dou lt very wall, ud (or it year eevtreign and yoor ooan- try will rom ear her and extol yon tor you wis dom aad prude noa. 