CRUEL LONDON: a romance of real life." . Br Joseph. Hattox, Author of " Clytie," " Christopher Kenrick," <tc. (All Rights Reserved.) CHAPTER V.— " Ashes to Ashes." Autumu lay low on the Lincolnshire marshes. The mists of October paraded in ghost-like battalions to the sea. There was no wiml, though the sedges in the dikes murmured to each otner in saddened whispers. Autumn brooded over the broad flats, and all the laud was sad and silent. That sombre procession wiuding through the reeking landscape to the old church between the Manor Farm r.ud Skognes might have been set down as part of the scasoirs tokens of decay and death. It was a funeral, a black unpicturesque funeral, at which the mourners walked, and the least interested of the bodies present icstcd under a pall on the shoulders of six stalwart yeomen. The single bell iu the square church tower, which in thu old days had with the now disuseu lantern served as a warning and a beacon to mariners on the German Oceau, sobbed aloud in a cracked, wheesy voice. Prcsently'the mists of autumn solomly took possession of" the funereal cavalcade, and it disappeared in the distance ', but the bell still tolled on in dull, defiant toae3 that could be heard at Manor Farm, where the baked meats already awaited the return of the procession, when it had finished burying oiu Squire . Martin, the hardest, shrewdest, most tyrannical iand best-respected farmer between Lincolu and the coast. It is a blessing that they build good solid houses in the sombre flats of Lincolnshire; square, flat, broad-spreading houses, with thick Walls and great wide fireplaces. It is a joy and a blessing on autumn days and winter nights to see the fire blaze and crackle on the broad hearthstone ; to sec the red light fall upon the old oak settle in the iuglenook ; to see tho glare rest upon shining di.shcovers. upon brass saucepans, upon the polished clock- case, upon the white scrubliid deal dresser, and upon the blinking sheepdog that snoozes by the fender. Autumn may sigh without ; ivtli Lor mar nifninst. tlm u'indnw'j hut there is a summer of comfort in the old kitchen of the Manor Farm which defies wind and weather ; aud the smell of the wood logs as they crackle and smoulder in the grate is equal to the perfume of Araby tho blitst. Manor Farm was au old straggling house, built of Rtoue, and thatched as closely and as well as the great wheat stacks that towered up over the farm buildings close by. Manor Farm did not appear to be affected in any wa J bv the flark autumn weather. Indcal Manor Farm looked more cheerful than usual. The blinds were all drawn up. Some of the bedroom win dows were even open, aud in tie darkness of tho autumn twilight you could see the fire flash beueath the kitchen door. Inside they were preparing a feast. Mrs. ICester, cook, kitchcuinaid and housekeeper. Ilia not becu so busy for years as she was on this day when our history commences. Old Golf, the shep herd, who had grown grey in Suuirc Martin's service, sat by the fire m'speechless wonder ut Mrs. Kestsr's activity. " Couie, bustle about, lad." she said as she placed decanters of port and sherry on the great white dresser, among sirloins of beef and great fat hams, " thoiTs done nowt this mornin' but sit there and mope." "It's the grief, Kester, thf grief," said Golf looking into the tire and shading his eyes from the glare with a broad, bony, wrinkled hand. "More liko it's tho drink, ? said Keater, turn ing her hard face upon him with a look in which there was more satire than anger ; Kester was noted for her sharp sayings aud her kind heart. "No it aiut that," said Gofl! reflectively, as if answering his own thoughts rather than the sour remark of Kester, whom he had seen daily 6ince she carne there a child to help in the dairy, and whose cutting tongue had been familiar to him as the bleating of his sheep. "What's thou got to be grieved about?" " Why, beant the oud muastcr dead, and bcant this his funeral ?" " Aud what of that?" said Kester, still busy with her meats and pies and drinks. " Thou'rt reight glad 1 reckon to get thy whack of grub and ale for once without a growl and a curse. Grief ! I should think so, when thou art goin to change thy hard master for tho kindest and best missps that ever drew breath. 'Biu he wern't such a bad masver after all," said Goff. " He were a brute like, but he were a farmer, and that's savin suncinat in these days, when shopkeepers from 'Lincoln aud Burgh think they can come and till the soil rcight off, and fo! i gentlemen do it by deputy, and think it's to be done by rcadm' books and speechifying at mcetin:;." " Well come, that's a pretty long speech from thee howsumdevcr," said Ke.-.ter, u and thou shalt have a drink to stop t'av mouth at any rate." Kester poured from a big stone jug a mug of foaming ale, which Gofl: put steadily to his lips. While he drew breath for a second and last draught, ho twirled the mug artistically round, bo that the liquor became a whirlpool with dancing beads at tho top, and when the swing of the ale threatened to hurl the foam over the edge of the cup, gulped it down and smacked his Hps. "Well, Squire weren't n3 good as his ale, Kester," he said as he handed her the empty mug. u Good !" said Mrs, Kester. " Who were he good to ?" " I dunno cxactlv, but I likes to speak well of them as is dead/' "Speak truth on 'em G off— speak truth, dead or alive." " Yes, that's reight, but if measter were a bit of a tyrant like, a daminin and goin' on at least thing as went wrong, why he were good as tn world goes to young monster John." " You think ro ?" Kester replied, interro gatively. ' u .1 lo gave him a houmc and his clonthes, and pocket money." "And made him work like a farm laborer to pay for them." "But John were not his own kith and kin, Kester, and it wor only right he should work." "John war son of his only friend iu the world, a friend as did .Squire Martin a service once when he needed it, and lie promised to bring up his friend's lad when father died, and he has brought him up with a vengeance." GotV argued more iu a spirit of opposition than from principle or conviction, unless the proverb " say no ill of the dead" was moving him to dispute with Kester, who liked a wrangle, and who had beaten the old squire in many a battle of words, at tho end of which she had always given notice to leave her place, "and never once attempted to carry her warning to completion. " But come now, Kester, you must own he were kind toMiss Jane," Gofl! thrust his hands into his corduroy breeches and looked up defiantly, " Kind ! I should think so. "And who could help it ?' " Not me, nor nobody as I know on," said Goff, cowed, and now resolved to give in. "If ho loved anything ho loved Miss Jane— perhaps 6he took after him in his looks, perhaps because she tended him and coddled him, and saved him expense, and kept things straight — wrote his letters, kept his books. And what's more, 'cos she was tho only relation he had in .the wide world as I ever heard on, except louie stuck-up folk in London as (diluted to kinship wi' him last Christmas, when they wrote and was sorry he was ill, they said, anil rent that barrel of oysters as none of us could open, aucl which Squire smashed with the coal hammer." Goff laughed at tho memory of that famous sceue with the oysters, but before his guffaw was well out another memory of the absence of "Hey ! Howd hard, Kester! I've forgot to tell thee. Talking o' them relations, that's what. I ha' ben trying to think on olo tu' day. Thev'vo coino !" " Who's come ?" exclaimed Kester, smoothing her aprou and sitting down for the first time since breakfast ? " Who's come ?" She sat opposite Goff, and looked him full iu the face. He slowly buttoned his velveteen coat and stood up. " YVhv, dang it, I must ho soft lo ha' forgot. "Why tbein Luodoa folk ; they ctnn to the Crown at Burgh by Lundou train last uight —a whole heap on em, wi' rugs and luggage enough to stock 'olo tho Marsh ; and they were a talking so line as nobody could make out what they were a savin' on." At this moment there appeared on the scene an apparition which startled both Goff and Kester. (TO BE CONTINUED.) 