Amusements. SprBiTtrALTSM. — Under the designation of 'Ghosts and Goblins,' Professor S. S. Baldwin continued bis series cf lectures, in connection with the Australasian Secular Association, in the Academy of Music, on. Sunday evening. At the previous gathering Profes sor Baldwin demonstrated his claim to be regarded as an accomplished thought reader. His success on that occasion was considerable ; but it was far out Etripped by the result of his denunciatory expose1 of spiritualism. The professor's illustrations were in troduced by a brief, puDgent, and witty lecture, in. which he turned round the subject for demonstration. Matters of passing interest, as, for instance, in his exposure of a transmutation of a spiritual medium, he showed ' how the thing was done ' by means of a telegraphic message being sent by a friend of the medium, stating that the medium had been found in his backyard, insensible, bound hand and foot, a hundred miles from where the seance took place. Such a thing, the professor said, could not occur in this colony, owing to the speed at which telegraphic messages were delivered. How fast messages were delivered they might judge from the experience of a friend of his, who became a happy father. On the little stranger making his appearance, a telegram was sent: 'Come home at once; your wife has a bouncing boy.1 ' When be received the message, the bouncing boy was in knicker-bockers, and was taking lessons on the pianoforte. The professor is an ex treme freethinker — that is, he goes to the very limit. He seems to believe in nothing except that spiritual ism is the greatest humbug ever palmed on to Chris tian gullibility. That the attempt to resurrect the dead was a, hideous mockery and a palpable lie, he proved beyond the shadow of a doubt ; and, in sup port of his blasting denunciations, he said he was prepared to give _«£500 to any spiritualist who could produce any manifestation that he could not dupli cate and explain. The Davenport Brothers cabinet seance he exposed, and in doing so he proved his own dexteritv. The Opeba House. — Any description of the per formance of '' The Grand Duchess ' at this house on Saturday evening would be incomplete without a warm tribute of praise to Miss Gracie Plaisted for her representation of the sovereign who falls in love with her own handsome soldier, and displays all the varying' caprice to be expected from an imperious woman in the circumstances. Miss Plaisted is a comicacress of the first order, and while on the stage contrives to keep' the eyes and ears of the audience open, without effort. She does not excel so well to exhibit sentiment. Her physique and voice are better suited in the rendering of a lively part. She certainly scored a success as the leroine of Offen bach's well-known opera, ' The Grand Duchess,' a part which on the whole gives ample scope for the display of the talents peculiar to the ver satile and volatile little prima donna of the Searelle aud Harding' s Opera Company. By the-bye, the programme said that this waa Miss Plaisted's first essay in the role of the ' Grand Duchess ' ' on any stage. This must be a mistake, if it be true, as reported, that she and Mr. Harding filled the same parts in this opera during the recent New Zealand tour of the Majeroni and Wilson Opera Company. However, a former appearance in the part does not detract from the praise due to Saturday's performance. Mr. Harding was a good Fritz, but his singing and acting generally both Btand in need of finish and polish. He has been gifted by nature with a powerful and true tenor voice, but for artistic purposes natural gifts are not sufficient of themselves. He certainly shows an intelligent conception of the character be under takes, but his acting is rather too rough and boiB bert had no very important part in Wanda, bnt did all that was to be expected of her in that part. Mr. T. H. Rainford's General Boom was much admired by the audience, and was a really excellent piece of character acting. Mr. J. South represented Prince PauL This 'actor always conveys the impression that he is trying very hard to be funny. He some times succeeds in this evident aim, and sometimes does not. Mr. Lester is a born comedian, and waa amusing as Baron Puck. The other subordinate parts were well filled, and it only remains to say that the orchestra, under the baton of Mr. Searelle, were kept well up to their' work, and that the theatre was crowded in every part by a most appreciative audience. Mb. Sttjabt Cumbebland. — This gentleman held his third seance in the New Masonic Hall on Saturday evening, the audience being an exception ally large one, considering the very unpleasant weather. The nature of the performance was HiTnilaT to those given on the previous occasions, but varied by the presence of different gentlemen on the plat form. Mr, L. J. Harnett, Mr. C. Moore, Dr. Mackellar, Mr. Gocdchap, and Mr. T. Slattsry as sisted Mr. Cumberland, and Mr. S. A. Joseph, who occupied the cbair, was kept fairly busy during the evening in walking in and- out of the room, and generally acting the part of a perambu lating: guarantee for the bona fides of the operator. Mr. Harnett broke one or more of the commandments by special request in regard to a coat. Messrs. Moore and Goodchap stuck pins each into the anatomy of the other, and_ their illdeeds were promptly revealed to the audience by the thought reader. The number of a concealed banknote waa again divulged, and the loss of an imaginary purse by a real lady quickly discovered. The Beance termi nated with a ' murder scene,' the plot of which was suggested by Mr. Cumberland, and when he asked the audience to choose the operators, Mr. Harnett was fixed upon as the ' murderer,' and Mr. T. Slattery was unanimously . ohosen as the ' professional robber.' Both gentlemen acquitted themselves creditably in their respective lines; but Mr. Harnett was unfortunate in his choice of a vic tim, the gentleman chosen to be forcibly dragged on to the platform and dispatched vigorously resisting the attack. However amusing the struggle may have been to a portion of the audience, it was scarcely an edifying sight for ladies. It may be that the intended victim would hare displayed better taste in going calmly to his doom ; bnt, on the other hand, it is not given to every man to submit quietls to even a make- believe indignity in full view of a large audience. The difficulty, however, was speedily got over after a rough-and-tumble on the floor, when the remonstrant -was victorious, and another victim was chosen. As Kr. Cumberland intends to give other performances, he will, perhaps, -be able to avoid this little difficulty in future. It is said that he will give an exhibition of bis niTipnlw powers fox the benefit of some public institution, in the Town Hall, during the week. 