CAULFIELD TRAINING NOTES. Thoro was a sharp wind blowing yesterday morning. Work commenced ubuut the usual titue. Owing to yvster- dny'» heavy downpour, thu course proper wus duned, sh Hint thu Cup borees were compelled to work on the sand add tan trucks, winch were rather heavy. The jumpers, Union and Lady Ashton. were the first to ?tart proceedings, tho pair bring treated to a couplu of stiong tarns on the tan. 'iho Loafer and Eugenie wuro bounding ulong for good work, the former muring nlco md free. Newmasicr, alter putting In some slow puce exercise, was joined by Unsburner, tho pair ac complishing a round tin tho snnd in good time. Mirer- mine, accompanied by Faithful, finished a useful work- lug gailop, Hie Cup horse going well. Kohal was g.vcn nucxtcnuur over 6 luiloncs on the tan; thubinck i>ou of Manuku going especially well. Clarendon and 'St. Albert left two circles ou the tan behind thorn 'tit a strong working pace. Young Horatio was st< Id ng along for tuofut work, uoodvrood nnd Dclamia wo ktd togohcr; tho satier looks well. T..0 Wove cantered, winding up with a brush over 4 furlongs. Huvclock put la a couple of turn on the tan. white his. statiic companion, Ellington and Toronto, were allotted a coup.o of rounds, tho pair finishing strong. Rluudin and Highland Chief were moving along on tho tun, Tbe 2-yeur-o!d Lord Alleu aud gnus were Uohre slow | ace exercise. Pocahontas wa, riven an extender on tho tun, Townlcy, in tho same stable, occupying tho sand for a circle or two. Oougal- sum. who Is looking woil, w.nt good, suhatm tial exer cise, lu company with Lpicurian. It rkK-y and Cad- lund woro spirting, .vlbauu, tootmun and First l'op being treated to u pipe opener. The '2-ycar- olds Julian Cray, Nectarine and Carnivai were spirting over 3 and 4 lurlung. Little John and his stable friend, Jim Cain, finished two useful rounds on the tan in a vciy workman. Ike manner, the former, who I greatly fmnied for tho Cup, going In his us>.al tnsy style. Walter. Victor, Graeulu Esurius Morimn .luek, nlng of the West, and the co>t by Hamlet, were working at intervals. Phoebe Wal.tm, Alexandria und Label were treated to nice puc. exercise on the sand. Ren Uolt put In three turns, thu lust bring at a good working pore. Cricket nnd Putiuncu circled three rounds on Hie tan, thu lust at u good, useful working gallop. Utnbcr.o brushed along tor gaud work. Daystur, Ccmciinl. Meerschaum und Dcx-cr wuro separately treated to s-.iung exureise an the sand and tan; the lorraer is on the improving side. The Robuinbn ' wect serviceable work T he Metropolitan winner Is lu raro fettle at pre- k<»L The Ghost, utter working yesterday, and wblD Mug dried, inriied out with built hcris against tho Irou fuueoaud cut his fut 00.; a bit. 