LTHE COURTING OS MARY SMITH. By F, W. ROBINSON, Antbor of "Grandmother's Money," "Anne Jttdge, Spinster," "Little Kate Kirby," "The Black Speck," "Lazarus in London," &c.; JPablished pedal arrangement with the author. All rights reserved.] Bv?OK II.- CASTLE LOVETT, Chapter XVIir,—Continued, Maty Smith did mot feel called upon tote ply, and .after,a while Mr. Lovett continued— "She iB a temble trial to you, I expect." " Oh, ne 1 I only wish I could be of greater service to her," " Youwc of -service, The doctors say so." " I am glad to hear that." "•But they hhink you are overdoing it," he added hlunljy, "and bo do I. A qualified murse " "•I have studied nursing. That is one of my accomplishments, you know." "I don't know. I remember something ■aboutit in your testimonials," he said, "but that is no reason why you should be quite so much of a slave and knock yourself up by this. I 'don't want anybody elss ill in my house |ust at present." This 'might have been taken as a friendly little jest if he had looked less grimly at her and Btared a little less. "So I have telegraphed for another nurse," he oontinued; "and Mrs. Dalrymple must make the best of her that she can. I thought X would come out and tell you at once, so that you can break the news to her." " It will excite her very much, I fear." "She will soon get used to it. You can explain—the doctors will explain—the neces sity of this. Besides," he added, " it's settled; and there's an end of it." " It is very kind of you to think of me in this way, but I should have been glad to keep on as we were. Mrs. Hewitt " "Is an old fool—she alwayB has been." ""And the worst is over," she concluded. " Who says so ?" "The doctors." k ' "They haven't said as much to me," he muttered. " I see a change for the better in her myself." " I'd rather believe you than the doctors," he said gruffly; " well, I shall be glad when she's about again," "Yes." "And then," he added looking so thought fully at Mary Smith that our heroine felt a trifle uncomfortable beneath his gaze. " And then ?" she repeated Blowly and in terrogatively. "You will go away, I suppose?" "Yes; I shall go back to father." "You needn't be in too much of ahurry about that," he said ; " you were engaged as a com panion to my daughter, but I don't quite see why you shouldn't be Mrs. Dalrymple's com panion instead." Mary Smith shook her head. "Not when she is well and strong again; ob, no! that would not do," Bhe said em phatically. "She will want some one to keep her company," he said; "we must have some one." " There is yourself." "I'll take precious good care I don't have too much of her,"he said bluntly;" I am about a good deal," he said, meeting Mary Smith's enquiring glance, and by way of extenuation of his preceding remark; " I shall travel more presently—I shall be everywhere almost, and I don't hke the idea of leaving her here alone now—" . "Now Verity is gone. But Verity will re turn—will be found soon." "I don't want to talk of Verity," he said restlessly; " she will not come back—she hates us too much—she is 'with the actor after all, for what we know. I don't want to talk of her. Why did you bring her name up just as , I was saying—what was I saying, I wonder 2" "You did not like the idea of leaving Mrs. Dalrymple alone—when she is better again," Mary Smith reminded him. " Ob, yes !" he Baid, "no, more I do; and if von have to earn your living as a companion, Miss Smith, here is a comfortable home and a good salary. And—and nobody wantB you to go." " But I shall be glad to go," answered Mary Smith, with alacrity; " my mission has been a complete failure. I have done more harm than good." " What do you mean by that 2" " I don't think Verity liked me—I am sure at times she regarded me as a spy." "There yougo again," he groanedyou will not leave Verity out of the question. Mrs, Dalrymple—don't you know—can't you see that she is getting fond of you? That she would rather have you here than anybody— that she will miss you very much when you go away—very much indeed." Mary Smith was embarrassed by Mr. Lovett's line of argument, and his glassy stare was not pleasant to confront. " I would rather not consider the question of my going away," she said at last; "it is not a question of to-day." " No, but I should have liked to settle it," he replied; " liked to hear you were not so de termined to escape from us." He rose and walked a few paces down the garden, then he turned and came back slowly again. " You do not dislike my sister very much, I hope?" " I do not dislike her at all." "A great many people do," he replied; "a few of the servants would like to poison her. My first impression was that they had been trying to poison her when she collapsed so suddenly. I am glad to hear you do not dislike her." " Why should I ?" He did not reply to this question. He traced a few more hieroglyphics in the ground with hiB Btick, then he looked up and said— " I have not made myself particularly objec tionable to you ?" " Oh, no!" " I am a rough fellow," he confessed, " and say hard things when I am put out. And I am put out very often, having a bad temper of my own; and I have said hard things to you which I didn't quite mean, and which I nave been sorry for afterwards." " I have not thought of them—they have not affected me," said Mary Smith; " pray do not fancy that." " You are not offended with me, then ?" " Ob, no, no !" " I am glad," he said. He walked away in real earnest after this, and Mary Smith was left once more to her own meditations. Mary Smith did not see him again till they Eat facing each other at the dinner table—a painful ordeal from which she would have been glad to be released. If it had not been for these dreadful tete-h-tete dinners, she might not have been so anxious to get away to the little home in Paradise - terrace, South Lambeth, Mr. Lovett was generally very grim and silent at his banquets, and the ghosts of Verity and Mrs. Dalrymple seemed to the vivid imagination of our heroine to be sitting in the empty chairs, just as if Verity and her aunt were both dead and their spirits were haunting the dining-room and presiding at the feast. On this occasion Jonathan Lovett was somewhat talkative, as if it had forced itself upon his mind that hiB duty was to be more agreeable and conversational than he had been hitherto; but it was an effort on his part, and there were long and awkward pauses that made matters worse. After dinner, when Mary Smith would have withdrawn, he said— " Don't go for a few minutes. There is no hurry to get upstairs to-night." "I thought Mtb, Dalrymple might want me." " She is 'generally fidgety about this time. Yes, I know," he said. " I have been a long while away from her." "The new nurse has arrived," said Mr. Lovett; " the doctor and nurse came together an hour ago, and my sister has listened to reason for once. I was talking reasonably to her my self just before dinner." pr|l_ji " Oh I" Baid Mary Smith doubtfully; " what haveyou said ?" " That she wasn't going to kill you if I ccraId help it," was the reply. "That she iT well soon if she did not make too much of a fuss over her ailments and her nurses." .—,3 "And she said " "She didn't want to kill anybody, and "she didn t know you were making yourself ill." I "Neither am I." gg|—rjhj «< Yee, you are, "said Mr. Lovett, flatly contra dictmg her; Doctor Simmonds said no human nature' could stand it; and you are human nature, I suppose?" " I hope I am not wholly unnatural," replied Manr Smith, with a faint smile. " Doctor Simmonds says you have been over wrought. I don't quite know what he means by it, and I daresay he does not himself; "but ■still, you are under my charge—a responsibility —and they must not say presently I have treated you badly too." They will not say that," answered Mary Smiih; but I wish you had mentioned me to Doctor Simmonds." . LJgjCSH "Mrs. Hewitt said she did not like the looks of you, smd Mr. Lovett, "so I asked the doctor what he thought. And he took stock of yon /quietly." " So it seems." "And you are to have a little change," he went on, and get away for a day or go, if it can be managed, and when Mrs. Dalrymple is UBed to hei? new nurse," " A little change?" repeated Mary Smith. "Yes. I imjsfc insist upon that as wed as Mr. Cbinery," " Ab well—as—Mr. CMnery ?" repeated Mary Smith again, and this time with consider able surprise. "Oh I I didn't tell you this afternoon I had had a_ letter from that gentleman," he said, fumbling in one pocket after another in what Mary Smith considered a very aggravating manner—"an extraordinary letter, indeed." "Yes!" said Mary Smith. " And he is an extraordinary man in his way. Sometimes," he added thoughtfully, " I think I Kke that fellow. But then I haven't seen ■enough of him to know whether I like him or "not." He had seen Ambrose Chinery more often than Mary Smith had, thought our heroine, and probably this idea came to his own mind the instant afterwards, and when he was still searching for his letter in a coat which appeared to be possessed of an infinite variety of pockets; for he Btopped in his search suddenly, and said— " Do you like him ?" It was a strange question, and Mary Smith was afraid she was blushing, she felt so red in the face; but she had no right to blush when Ambrose Chineiw's name or idiosyncrasies were mentioned. Still, she looked fearlessly back at the cottan- spinner, and replied— " Yes; I like him. He is a gentleman." " He is a gentlemen," murmured Mr. Lovett; " ah ! that's it, possibly. You ought to see his letter, as he seems to have you on his mind a great deal, and for some reason or other." "Can't you find it," said Mary Smith, quite pettishly for her. " No, hanged if I can !" he replied. "'Anyone would think he had known you all his life instead of.seeing you for the first time on the night of the fire. That teas the first time, I think you said ?" "That was the first time," replied our heroine. "And yet you are his trustee, executrix, and the Lord knows what, he tells me," observed Mr. Lovett. "You have not said anything about that to me." "I did not think you would care to be troubled by my affairs, sir, or," she added, " interested in them." "What put that notion into your head ?" he said sharply, after a long and steady stare at her. " I—I don't know. You do not seem—" "To think of anybody but myself. Ah! well, perhaps I don't, said Mr. Lovett} "you're not the first by a goodmanywho have had that impression of old Jonathan. And— oh! here's Chinery's letter on the mantelpiece, and IH read it to you if yon have no objec tion." Mary Smith had hoped that he would pass the letter over to her, and he read that wish in her face very quickly. "There's a deal in it that I don't want you to see, and which, of course, does not concern you in any way," he said; "but this is what he says about you, and I think it will surprise you." (To be continued.) 