A Moment of Passion. I cootd never q Tito understand Mrs. Leva son, although I hae. \rown her intimately for comething like 12 '? 14 years, and had been thrown into hei 'ompany under very trying ciroumstanoes ; -rut although we had been together through storms and tomposts, ou sea and on land, eho had novor allowed me to penetrate beneath the thiok veil she spread over tho past ; and, singularly onough, in this little world of ours, I had novor oome aoross any ono who had known her, or, what waBmo ro to the point, who had known her husband. During all our adventures his name had novor beon spoken. I know enough from hor own lips to be awaro that she was a wealthy heiress ; indeed, her manner of living proved that money was plentiful enough, and whon I first mado her acquaintance, in a tiny Swis-i inn, whoro she had ono of her worst attaoks oi her terrible complaint, without so muoh as a maid with her, she had mnttered that she was all alone in the world, bat that I should not be forgotten if I stood by her to tho last. She seemed surprised to think our oases were very muoh alike ; for I told her I was rich too, and all alone. But when I mentioned my hero, who sleeps in his distant grave in Afghanistan, and oxpeotod her confidence in return, ehe only laughed impatiently, and changed the subjeot as soon as she could. Still, for all that, we became stanch friends, and since then we have travelled well-nigh all over the world in each other's company. I suppose eho trusted mo becauEe I really wanted nothing from her, either in tho past, present, or future ; for I never cared to question her, and my means were too ample to allow of her suspeoting me of designs upen her purse. Ono year I was ssized by a fearful attack of home-sicknees ; it waa 11 years since I had seen London, and I yearned — shall I confesB it — for tho familiar Bond street shops, and a sight of the dear dirty town. But Mrs. Lcvaeon would have none of it; and instead of Bond street, I 'found myself in Yokohama. Judge of my surprise, then, when, she her self proposed this lost spring to rush over te onr native land en route for a house in Scot land, that, in a moment of extreme confidence, ehe told me waa among her numerous pos sessions. We tore through London, and rushed up north by the mail-train, and finally arrived breathless, duBty, and dirty, on the shores of Loch Maree. There was not a soul to meet as, and not one who knew oven Mrs. Lovaeon, though she hod lived there until she was twenty-one. 'Ko wonder,' said she, as she threw me a portrait aoross the breakfast table ; ' there is no resemblance there to me is there !' and she waited for my answer, looking me straight in the face in the most embarrassing manner. No; there certainly was not. Here was a pretty, ohorming, laughing girl, with bright brown ourls and deep blue eyes, with never a oloud in them ; there a sour, sad-faced oreature of over forty, with quite white hair, and eyes generally eo downcast, so miserable looking, iat I had never learned their real oolonr be fore. She laughed when eho saw my expression, and told me I need not speak. Bhe saw what I thought in my face, acd bidding me amuse myself as beat I oould, for she would be busy for the next few hours, she took the picture and went upstairs, crooning an old Eoumaniansong of love and revenge, that always seemed to make my fleth creep, there was something so unoanny about it. She came in from one ot her usual long, solitary rambles one day, and, sinking down into her chair, sat looking into the firo as if she saw dreadful pictures in the cheery blaze. She ap peared so old, so stern, I hardly knew her, and I looked apprehensively at her, dreading the return of her awful disease, and wondering how I could cope with angina peetoris bo far from medical assistance And I suppose I must have said something, for presently she remarked, without turning head, '?No, Mary, I am not goinjy to bo ill ; but I have had a fearful theck — ' ' True to my reeolve never to question hor, I said nothing ; but, coming oloso to her, I put my hand on her shoulder, and begged her to be calm; and to forget it aa soon aB she could. And I then found out that she was wet through — as wet as if ehe had fallen into tbe loch, atd tcarce had troubled to wring her garments out. Of course I made her ohange all her raiment, acd when she was clothed and warmed, I sat down by her and began to read Browning, hoping to turn her thoughts into another channel as quiokly as might be. She eeemed te listen quietly, but soon she turned to me and said, 'No other woman would have been as sweet, as little given to curiosity, as you have been, Mary; I feel I csn trust you, and I am going to tell you my story. For 26 years I have borne my sorrow silently ; now I am going to oonfide in you. I know too well now that I can really and truly trust you. Mary, to-day when I went over the hills, I met my huBbaud — ' I am atlmmed to confess it, but my heart gavo quite a rapturous jump ; but I saidnothing. I let Browning fall, and taking her hand in wine, waited quietly until she ohose to speok. ' The laBt time I saw him at tho wedding breakfast. Think of that, Mary— think of that ! I oan see him now, a false- wretch, as he Btood, his hand on tho back of my chair, as I rose to leave to change my dress. Atd that was the very last I bow of him until this afternoon, when wo met like two ghosts, and he told me that my revenge was complete, and that he and hiB wero starving. Think of that, Mary — starving, and he might have been master here, and of a dozen placeB besides ! No, my name is not Levason — of oouraonot; it is — ' and then she mentioned a namo that wild horses should net draw from mo, but that m ids me shiver aB if I too had had a bath ia the locb. 'Never in all my life,' sho continued, 'had I been denied a single thing. I wis the last of my race, and I was to make a brilliant marriago. A Eoyitl' duke had oaBt an eye my way, and a special Aot of Parliament was hinted at; but before negotiations were com plete I had mot Donald, aud soon we were on gaged, and the wedding day fixed, and I was head over ears in business and settlements, and all the rett of the bustle inseparable from a wedding like mine was to be. 'Mildred Lawton was my poor companion, Maiy. She wob pretty and sweet, I knew, and I trusted her. Often enough when I waB busy I sent her down to amuse Donald, and never for one moment saw the harm in it ; but just be fore the day of tbe marriage Donald oamo to me, and confessed his love for Mildred, beg ging me te release him and forget him aa soon as may be. ' Bnt I laughed at him, and told him it was only infatuation ; he would soon forget her, for he had at first lovod mo really, Mury (and men cannot ohange like wcataeroookB, you know) ; and after a while he Baid I was ripht ; it was infatuation, and ho would forgot Mildred as soon as over he could. ' I oan't think why I did not send hor away at or.ee ; but— ehe was going to be my ono brides maid—people talked bo ; I wished to keep her tinder my own eye, and I really seemed to be in the right. He never met or Bpoke to her until the fatal moment when I went upstairs to change my drees, when Mildrod, lingering bo bind, met Donald aB ho was coming from the dining-room. No one knows how it happened ; but ho says it was an instant impulso, a moment of ungovcrnablo passion. Without a word they fled in the oarriage waiting to take us on our wedding tour ; and when I came down the hou-:o was In confusion. They wero off, and there was not a soul true to me— true enough . to me to stop the guilty pair and bring him book to hiB wife. 'Of oourse Donald. bogged and prayed mo to divoroo him ; but I Hover would. That woman should novor. boar his name or bo his honest wife; and I havo hunted them from pillar to post, until ho has been driven to oome end bog for meroy for her, and him, at my. hands. He is a dootor ; ho trios to sottle down. Then comes a whisper— then the scandal spreads ; and off ho has to go, wandering through the world. : Bho stole him from me ; tho Bees the effeot— she foels the effeot. Does .hia love compensate her, I wonder, for sickly, .starved, nameless ohlldren— for blighting his. whole career — for ruining my life f' As Mra. Lovoson paused for a moment, and seemed unable to continue the story, I at last ve&turod; out— . . ; 'Love compensates for all,' I said Drying. 'Let him go, dear— dearest Mrs. Levason ; let him go, and let him marry tho wretohed mother of his children.' 'Ton, too, Mary.!'.' she said faintly ' 'yon. too! Have you no pity for me? Bemem ber the girl I was, not quite 21, young, rioh, and beautiful. What am I now? iL woman old before my time, possessed of a disoasq oauscd by sorrow and trouble, and that may kill me at any moment. Nay, as long as I live I will hunt them down. I should not have told you my story, had I thought for a moment you would have gone. against me. Forget it all, Mary. Now leave me, for I want to be alone ;' and kissing me quietly, she mo tioned me away, and I left hor as she desired ; for I could never orguo, and I seemed to have a good deal to think about. I set my window open, and, sitting down, began to meditate, and how long that lasted I really do not know ; butprosontly I wa3 roused by a curious sound, and looking out, I saw Mra. Levason gliding down tho avonue, and making, as I leared, for the looh. It did not take me long to put on my hood and oloak and follow her; but I never forgot the walk. Leaving the loch on one eide, she went on like a mad thing — over hedges and ditches, as it seemed to me. Nothing stopped her, or me either, for the matttr of that ; and on we went, until we oamo to a little village, so hidden among the hills that I, for one, had never known of it before. Mrs. Levason stopped at one of the poorest oottages thoro, and peered in at the uncurtained window. Something she saw there seemed to please her, and, laughing to herself, ehe went on into the shadow of the poroh of the house, and I followed. Catohing sight; as I did eo, of a man and woman sitting by the hearth together, in suoh an attitude, and looking bo miserable, I myself could have cried over them, although thoy certainly d: served all they wore Buffering. I had soarcely pasEed the window, when, with a terrible ory, Mrs. Lovason flung up her armB, and fell forward on hor faoe. I hurried up to her, and endeavoured to soothe her, but it was no use ; and I rushed to the cottage and called ' Donald, Donald !' for I did n -t kaow his other name, and it waB no time for cere mony. * Poor soul, it was soon over ; but it must have been a bitter moment for that other woman. For Donald had really loved his wretched wife, and their whole lives had been wrecked, as she said, in a single moment of passion. Curiously enough, the settlements, whioh had never been cancelled— I don't know, by the way, if they could legally have been cancelled — gave all to Donald, and poverty and care dis appeared when my poor friend died. But I think she would have wished it after that death-bed soene; and though of course Donald and Mildred are married, the story has got about, and the county does not care to visit where the five or mx eons and daughters are all more or less good-looking, and who have none of them any right to the name they bear. — World ? , 