A MOMENT OE PASSION. I could never quite understand Mrs. Leva son, although I had known her intimately for something like twelve or fourteen years, and bad beeo thrown in her company under very trying circumstances ; but altbough we had been together through storms and tem pests, on sea and on land, she had never al lowed me to penetrate beneath the thick veil she spread over her past; and, singularly enough, in this little world of ours, I had never come across any one who had known her, or, -what -was more to the point, who had known her husband. During all our adventures his name had never been spoken. I knew enough from her own lips to be aware that she was a wealthy heiress; indeed, her manner of living proved that money was plentiful enough, and when 1 first made her acquaintance, in a tiny Swiss inn, where she had had one of her worst at tacks of her terrible complaint, without bo much as a maid with her, she had muttered that she was all alone in the world, but that I should not be forgotten if I stood by her to the last. She seemed surprised to think our cases were much alike ; for I told her I was rich too, and all alone. But when I men tioned my hero, who sleeps in his distant grave in Afghanistan, and expected her confi dence in return, she only laughed impatiently, and changed the subject as soon as she could. Still, for all that, we became staunch friends, and since then have travelled well-nigh all over the world in each other's company. I suppose she trusted me because I really wanted nothing from her, either in the past, future, or present; for I never cared to ques tion her, and my means were too ample to allow of her suspecting me of designs upon her purse. One year I was seized by a fearful attack of home-sickness ; it was ten years since I had ; sees London, and I yearned—shall I confess it ?—for the familiar Bond-street shops, and a sight of the dear dirty town. But Mrs. Levason would have none of it; and instead of Bond-street, I found myself in Yokohama. Judge of my surprise, then, when she her self proposed this last spring to rush over to our native land en route for a house in Scot land, that, in a moment of extreme confidence, she told me was one among her numerous possessions. We tore through London, and rushed up north by the mail-train, and finally ar rived, breathless, dusty, and dirty, on the shores of Loch Maree. There was not a eoul to meet us, and not one who knew even Mrs. Levason, though she had lived there until she was twenty-one. MNo wonder," said she, as she threw me a portrait across the breakfast table; " there is no re semblance there to me, is there?" and she -waited for an answer, looking me straight in the face in a most embarrassing manner. Mo j there certainly was not. Here was a pretty, charming, laughing girl, with bright brown curls and deep blue eyes, with never a cloud in them ; there a dour, sad-faced orea ture of over forty, with quite white hair, and eyes generally so downcast, so miserable looking, that I had never learned their real colour before. She laughed when she saw my expression, and told me I need not speak. She saw what I thought in my face, and bidding me aruuse myself as best I could, for she would be busy for the next few hours, she took the pioture and went upstairs, crooning an old Roumanian song of love and revenge, that always seemed to make my flesh creep, there was something so uncanny about it. She came in from one of her usual long solitary rambles orfe day, and, sinking down into the chair, sat looking into fire as if she saw dreadful pictures in the cheery blaze. She appeared so old, so stern, I hardly knew her, and I looked apprehensively at her, dreading the return of her awful disease, and wondering how I could cope with angina pectoris so far from any medical assistance. And I suppose I must have said something, for presently she rematked, without turning her head, " No, Mary, I am not going to be ill; but I have had a fearful shock—" True to my resolve never to question her I gfiid nothing j but, coming close to her I put my hand on her shoulder, and begged her to be calm, and to forget it as soon as she could. And I then found out she was wet through— as wet as if she had fallen into the Loch, and Bcarcely had troubled to wring her garments out. Of course, I made her change all her raiment, and when she was clothed and warmed, I sat down by her and began to read Browning, hoping to turn her thoughts into another channel as quickly as might be. She seemed to listen quietly, but soon she turned to me and said, "No other woman would have been as sweet, as little given to curiosity, as you have been, Mary ; I feel I can trust you, and I am going to tell you my story. For 25 years I have bore my sorrow Bilently ; now I am going to confide in you, I know too well now that I can really and truly trust you. Mary, to-day when I went out over the hills, X met my husband—" I am ashamed to confess it, but my heart gave quite a rapturous jump; but I Baid nothing. I let Browning fall, and taking her band in mine, waited quietly until she chose to speak. " The last time I saw him at tlie wedding breakfast. Think of that, Mary—think of that! I can see him now, a false wretch as he stood, his hand on the back of my chair, as I rose to leave to change my dress. And that was the very last I saw of him till this after noon when we met like two ghosts, and he told rue that my revenge was complete, and he ^ told me that he and his were starving. Think of that, Mary—starving, and he might have been master here, and of a dozen places besides! No, my name is not Levason—of course not $ it is " and then slie mentioned a name that wild horses should not draw from me, but that made me shiver as if I too had had a bath in the Loch. " Never in all my life," she continued," had I been denied a single thing. I was the last of my raoe, and I was to make a brilliant marriage. A Royal Duke has cast his eye my way, and a special Act of Parliament was hinted at; but before negotiations were com plete X had met Donald, and soon we were engaged, and the wedding day fixed ; and I was head over ears in business and settle ments, and all the bustle inseparable from a i wedding like mine was to be. " Mildred Iiawton was my poor companion, Mary. She was pretty and eweet, I knew, and I trusted her. Often enough when I was busy I sent her <3own to amuse Donald, and never for one moment saw the harm in it; but just before the day of marriage Donald came to me, and confessed his love for begging me to release him and forget him as soon as maybe. "But I laughed at him and told him it was only infatuation ; he would soon forget her, for he had at first loved me really, Mary (and men cannot change like weathercocks, you know) ; and after awhile he ssid I was right; it was infatuation, and would forget Mildred as soon as ever he could. " I can't think why I did not send her away at once; but—she was fgoing to be my one bridesmaid—people talked so; X wished to keep her under my own eye, and I really seemed to be in the right. He never met or spoke to her until the fatal moment when I went upstairs to change my dress, when Mil dred, lingering behind, met Donald as he was ooming from the dining-room. No one knows how it happened j but he says it was an instant impulse, a moment of ungovernable passion. Without a word they fled in the carriage to take us on our wedding tour j and when I came down, the house was in con fusion. They were off, and there was not a soul true to me—true enough to me to stop the guilty pair and bring him baok to his wife. " 9^ course Donald begged and prayed me to divorce him; but I never would. That woman should neper bear his name or be his honest wife 3 and I have hunted them from pillar to post, until he has been driven to come and beg for mercy for her and him at my hands. He is a doctor; he tries to settle down. Then comes a whisper—then the scandal spreads ; and off he has to go wan dering through the world. She stole him from me ; she sees the effect—she feels the effect. Does his love compensate her I wonder, for sickly, starved, nameless children—for blight ing his whole career—for ruining my life ?" As Mrs. Levason paused for a moment, and seemed unable to continue the story, I at last ventured out— " Love compensates for all," I said, crying. " Let him go, dear,—dearest Mrs. Levason ; let him go, and let him marry the wretched mother of his children." "You too, Mary!" she said faintly, "you j too! Have you no pity for me? Remember the girl I was, not quite twenty-one, young, rich, and beautiful. What am I now ? A woman old before my time, possessed of a disease caused by sorrow and trouble, and that may kill me at any moment. Nay, as long as I live I will hunt them down. I should not have told jou my story had I thought for a moment you would have gone against me. Forget it all, Mary; now leave me, for I want to be alone; and kissing me quietly, she motioned me away, and I left her as she desired ; for I could never argue, and I seemed to have a good deal to think about. I set my window open, and sitting down began to meditate, and how long that lasted I really do not know; but presently I was roused by a curious sound, and looking out, I saw Mrs. Levason gliding down the avenue aad making, as I feared, for the Loeh. It did not take me long to put on my hood and cloak and follow her ; but I never forget the walk. Leaving the Loch on one side, she went on like a mad thing—over hedegs and ditches, as it seemed to me ; nothing stopped her, or me either, for the matter of that; and on we went, until we came to a little village, so hidden among the hills that I for one, had | never known of ic before. Mrs. Levason stopped at one of the poorest cottages (here, and peered in at the uncurtained window. Something she saw there seemed to please her, and, laughing to herself, she went on into the shadow of the porch of the house, and I fol lowed ; catching sight as I did so of a man and woman sitting by the hearth together, in such an attitde, and looking so miserable, I myself could have cried over them, although they certainly deserved all they were suffer ing. bardly scarcely passed the window, when, with a terrible cry, Mrs. Iievason flung up j her arms, and fell forward on her face. I 1 hurried up to her, and endeavoured to soothe her, but it was no use ; and I rushed to the cottage and called "Donald, Donald!"—for I did not know his other name, and it vas no time for ceremony. Poor soul, it was soon over; but it must have been a bitter moment for that other woman. For Donald really had loved his wretched wife, and their whole lives had been wrecked, as she said, only in a single moment of passion. Curiously enough, the settlements, which had never been cancelled—I don't know, by the way, if they could legally have been can celled—gave all to Donald, and poverty and care disappeared when my poor friend died. But I think she would have wished it after that deathbed scene ; and though, and the county does not care to visit of course, Donald and Mildred are married, the story has got about, where the five or six sons and daughters are all more or less good-looking, and who have none of them anv rieht to the name thev I bear. -World. 