1, TALES AND SKETCHES. : Tlie Vicr'a Kjc. ! Colonel Vandeleue wns nn oflicor jwho, moro than once, had dono n good j deal moro than suicll powder. As a ; moro boy, frosli from Eton, ho wont ont straight to the Crimen, and got his first i promotion for heading a little party of t volunteers who enntured a rifle-nit. nnd 'from it tnrncd the enemy's lino by taking them in flank, This distinguished service had marked him out very early in his career, and lie was one of thoso Jwlioso interest nt tho llorso Guards liad i'heen strictly duo to personal merit, nnd ! not to private influoneo. j At the limo of our story ho wns still ' in the primo of life, capable of any amount of hardship and fatigue, n kcon ' sportsman, nnd, among men nt any rate, j a universal favourite. Nor wore his : good looks spoiled in any way liy his 1 glass eye. Some sand, thrown tip by n i Russian shell which lincl burst in the tronches, had struck him in the fnco, and ; his right eye lind to bo sacrificed. In its placo he carried an cyo of glass, ' which wns perfectly well matched, and almost dolled detection, his own features being, as a rule, if not exactly stolid, , cortainly very far from vivacious. I Ho had made but ono mistake in li To J, t At tho ago or forty-fivo lie lind married ; a girl of eighteen, and he was now plny- ing Hercules to her Omphnlc, and tho veriest slave of her caprices, down to tho slightest detail. The match had been a matter of regret to all his friends, many , of whom had foand that tho young wife's : intolerable self-assertion and petulance ; mado it almost impossible for tlicm any longer to sco their old comrade, except on rare occasions at tho club. Now, it so happened tlint tho Colonel and his wife woro staying at the Bedford Hotel at Brighton, nnd that Sir Grevillo I Bykes was also fixed in quarlors at the i Old Ship. Vnndolenr and Sykes lind \ lenown each other for some years nnd so i it wns only natural that tho Vnndolours ,j coming across Syltos nt Mutton's should 'j ask him to dinner, and afterwards sco a , good deal of him, and that thoy should v maka np between thorn, more or less, a littlo party of three. I A stroke of luck had hofallon i Vnndeleur, An old uncle, a retired i (liiof clerk in Chancery, hail died sud- 8 i dctily, leaving him all liis money. Nincty-flvo thousand pounds is a very comfortnblo sum. The sooner you get it out of tho hands of tho lawyers and into your own, tho better. So Vnnde leur wns nlwnys hurrying up to London, nnd, as ho expressed it, pegging awny nt the musty old dullards of Lincoln's Inn Fields. Ono day ho had a downright explosion with tho second pnrtnor of tho eminent firm of Tail, Tnil, Remainder, nnd Tail, and liad oven gono tho length of threat ening to transfer his business to the younger and quicker hands of Messrs. Sliortcroft and Rnid. This so terrified tho man of tape, tlint lie not only pro mised to wind tho whole business up in a fortnight, hut actually suggostod n choquo Tor a couple of thousand pounds for any littlo immodinto needs, and, what is more, drew tho document nnd signed it. " Ibis is jolly," snid Vnndeleur to himself. " It is now only twelve, and I can easily he hack for dinner." So first ho drovo up to tho bank nnd cnsiiod tho chcquo ; then ho paid tho bulk of the money into his own bnnk ; and tlion ho had soma sherry and a caviare sandwich at tho Rag. Noxt ho strolled up into Bond Street and made soma purchases— somo gloves, a bracelet nnd n sunshade — for his wife, together with a most charming silver ohntclninc. Aud for himself, half- n-dozon boxes of cigars, and a walking-stick to which ho took a fancy. Then he returned to his club to lunch. Being much oncumborod with the dust or travel, ho set to woik about his ablutions in earnest, and boforo com mencing them removed his glass eyo. It somehow slipped through his fingers, fell with a crnsli on tho stona floor, and splintered into a thousand frag ments. Now, at is not so easy, as Vnndeleur know, to get a glass oyo nt a miniito's notice. Yon must devote a morning to the carrying out of such n mattor, and hnvoyour own oyo very carefully matched. It is as troublcsomo tin undertaking as a visit to your dentist. So ho resolved to make a second visit to London next woek, and bring up his wife, with carte blanche to ransnck Bond Street and Rogont Strcot on her own account. Mcantimo, ho hurried ronnd to tho ominont taxidermist who had always set up nil liis big jjnmo for liim, and ex plained his position. " I don'twnnt to go down to Brighton with a green pntcli, you know," lie observed. " What onn you do for mo ?" « Wo don't kcop liumnu oyos, sir. You should go to an optician's or a surgicnl instrument-maker's." " So I will when I am noxt ia town, or will coino up on purposo to do it. But I'vo only twenty minutes in which to catch my train, so yon must fix mo np somehow." Tiio shopman hesitated, - but at last produced a box with trays full of eyes of every kind. Ono was at last selected which fitted fairly well. " It will do," snid tho Oolonol, ns lio looked nt himself in tho glass. " At all ovonts, it is better than nothing. What beast wns it meant for?" " Atiger, sir." The Colonel laughed as ho took liis cliango. "Begad, I ought to have known it," said he, " without being told I If any ono knows n tiger's oyo, it's your humble sorvnnt. I'vo shot thorn, nil I by tho score, tho brutes." Tho shopman thought Ids customer was bonncing, nnd wns just about to giggle, whon ho suddenly looked nt tho Colonel, seemed to catch an awkward expression in his features, and recovered liimsolf abruptly. Awny rattled Ynndolour in a quick linnsom to Victorin. " Drivo sharp," lie snid . Whon deposited at tiio station, ho tendered tho Jehu his legal faro. The fellow looked at it in disgust. "Why, what's lliis?" ho wns be ginning' when ho suddonly seemed to think bettor of it. " Beg your pardon, sir j I was thinking it was from Onm- borwell." And ho clnmborcd into his sent, arid wont meditatively away. " I'd as soon drive tho devil liimsolf, " ho said, when lio joined his friends upon tho rank. " It was awful. Talk of Mr. Novvfield I Ho enn look nt you and reckon yon up, ho can. But no benlc in London's in it with this eovo; ' Six months,' I hoard 'im say. Least ways I heard 'im look it. That's" to say, I sco him look it. " Innocent of all this, tho colonel pur chased nn assortment of papers and seated himself in a enrriago.. It was a very odd tiling lie thought. Actually a lady who was in the snmo compnrtinont whispered something to her husband in nslntoof grcnt oxcitcmbnt. Tho guard wns summoned, and they transferred themselves to another enrriago. " A curious business," snid the Colonel ; "they can't tako mo for tho ghost of Lorroy." Tlion tho train slnrtod, nnd ha settled down to his pnpors. From tho station ho drovo to tho Bedford, telling the porter to bring up his pnekagos. His wifo was sontcd in tho window, busied with Ouida's lntost effort of imagination. Sho jumped up nnd enmo to moot him. " I wns wondering wlion you would return," sho snid. " I thought porhnps you might stop and dine at your club, and como down by the Inst train, or perhaps to-morrow morning." "Why should you think that?" lio asked, not nt all unnaturally. It wns annoying, when he had como down with a lot of presents for lior, that she should not ho more cordial in her wqlcomo. Sho looked nt lior husband far a momont, rondo a step towards him, then turned, round, tliow herself upon the sofa, and burst into tears. " 0, don't kill mo ! I'vo licen dread fully wicked, horribly wicked, hut don't kill mo 1" » # # Colonel Vnndeleur went back to town that night by the late nxprcss, and took up his quarters nt nn hotel in Jnrrnyn Street much frequented by him in his bachelor days. ' Next morning lio re ceived a short lottcr from his wito, which wns nt onco incoherent aud yet explicit. Also it was truthful, which her letters, ns a rule, were not. Ho meditated a good deal and went round to Lincoln's Inn Fields. Then ha went to tbo club, hunted out an old friend, nnd took him to dinner. They dined tcte-li-tctc in a privnto room, and snt talking until very small hours in tho morning. Tho consultation over at Inst, tho Colonel wroto a letter, and a confidential clerk from tho offico of his solicitors took it down next morning to Brighton to mnko sure of personal delivery : — " At my timo of llfo I nm averse, to n ncnndnl, nor bftvo T any wish to marry again. I hnvo no secrets nnd no attachment or oven nil ordinary onlnnglomcnt tlint 1 have hidden from you. your position will not bo ntTcctcd. Your settlements will remain ns they are. But I impose one condition on von, .You will liavo to live nt Soutliwold, whether you like the place or not, nnd 1 forbid you to leavo It even for a day, except by tbo written orders of mv doctor, who will nt any timo como down from London to sco you, I may also toll you that your movements will bo duly nnd regularly reported to me. A day will bo enough for you to make your arrange, mcnts. On any business matter, however small, you may writo to my solicitors; There is nothing that need troublo you. ' For myself, I nm lenving England, and have no fixed plans. If you writo to mo, I shall refer tbo letter to my solicitor,. 60 that you may spnro yourself all attempts to sbnko an irre vocable determination. Were you not a l'rotcstnnt, I should advise you to go to a convent. As It is, I linvo done the next best thing for you. ClIAULKS VANDKLEUIt. Mrs. Vnndeleur is much respected nt Soutliwold, whero tho curates and tho old maids compare her troubles nnd sorrows to those of dear Lady Byron. Sho is vory olinritnblo nnd immensely energetic, and on minor points of pnrisli administration tho Rector defers to her. Colonel Vnndolour himself is yachting and shooting, not extravagantly at all, but in truo sportsmanlike fashion, His hair is grizzled, but ho is still n9 erect as a dart, nnd, ns his friends profanely put it, with covert allusion to tho two principal misfortunes of his lifo, " his oyo is not dim, nor his natural forco nbnted." 