TUESDAY, NOVEMBER 30. GRASS OARELKSSNB8S Oil INTENTIONAL INSULT. WHILE (ho local journalistic organ of conservatism is ac tively engaged in its congenial tn.sk of hy roiling tho praises of the existing constitution under which the Colony is ruled, the ' mild despot' who is at tho head of tho present Government has taken the trouble to demonstrate in what nn extraordinary manner the conduct of publio business onn bo grossly mismanaged and deliberately neglected in Western Australia. Upon the Legislature resolving that the Colony should bo oflioitilly represent ed at tho late great Colonial and Indian Exhibition, the GovKRNon at pjico in the plontjtiido of his power appointo'd a Commission to collool exhibits, forward thorn ro London, nnd to gonerally superintend tho organisation of a Western Australian Court at the great Imperial Show, O£ that Commission his Honor the Ohiof Justioo acted as Chairman, and for a while everything went as smoothly as oould be either expected or desired. Now the unfortunate vuptui-o, of both amicable official and friendly personal rolations, which ooourved between his Esoellenw and bis Honou is still so fresh iu tho pnblio mind that, it hardly needs Mentioning to ho recalled ; bufc it is certainly a remnrkalilo fact that fluusoquontly tho UoVERKon (yaH pleased to appoint a^ Ejce'ruitivo Commissioner. This ho did nofc only without having first of all consnltod thn Comniission upon tho fitibjeofc, but nlso -withonfc condescending to inform thorn directly of what he had done. Tho only intimation the Com mission had of the appointment?, was tho announcement that appeared in tho Govomriient Qctxette, thereupon the 'Commission communioatod through their Secretary with his ExoeiaeNOy upon the subjeofc, and after some delay were coolly informod that, iu effeot, the Esoontivo Com. inissioner was charged with fnll authority, that ho was ompowered to expend monies as he thought pvobor, and that ho was entirely indopQiufent ?of tho Comrais8ipu\ Thus suddenly doprired of all its oxooutive powers in suoh a markocl disoourtoous manner, tho Commission (as the Chief JusTtcn very optly remarked) then became merely the shadow of a Bhado, only ? a voice awl nothing more But the bitter feeling his Ekoellenoy apparently eutertained towards either the body he had oalled into existence or else only its Chairman, was not to bo appeased by tho insulting way in whioh the whole Commission had )een treated, for they were to bo humiliated still furtbor. Although the Commission had beon appointed by the Goyernor to aot until the, fixhibitiou closed, yet— oan it be believed ?— tho Oommistiioriers neYer received any o¥n*oial intimation of either the opening or the closing of the Exhibition j nor, in faofc, any communication with regard to it wmie is was in progress ! .But even this contemptuous treatment was not considered enough; for, at the final meeting of the Commission, the Hon. Secretary (the Rev. 0. G. Nioolay) intimated that he did not know what the expenses at London had been ; and that he had nothing to report, as he had not received any communioa tions from the Exeoutivo Commission, er in London! Rightly thon, did tho Chief Justice exolaim that they were 'simply ghosts*'? nnd there upon the Commission dissolved, with, out beiug in a position to forward to the official author of then- being any report upon tho result of thoi'r labours. Sm-ely this little history affords but too faithful illustration of how tho publio business of tho Golony not only may bo, but actually is, fnr worse than noglootod by tho 'mild despot' who oontrols the destinies aiid rules over the loval subjects of Her Majesty in this portion of the British Empire. It is difficult for even the most fertile imagination to conceive what reasons influenced the Governor to treat his Commission in suoh a hitherto unheard of dis oourtoous mannor. His Excellency's conduct can be explained in only ono or two ways. It was owing eithor to orass carelessness on his parb in entirely fogotting, first the naturo of tho Commission by which ho nppoint' ed the body, and next, iu afterwards becoming uttorly oblivious of their existonoe; or else his conduct must havo boon diotated by feoiiugs of personal irritation, whioh found vent in a puerile display of uuiutormittod intentional insult. Eithor alternative provos what mav possibly occur in the conduct of public business, so long as the present constitution oxists in Western Australin, 