SPORTING INTELLIGENCE. -O a'JlK MELBOURNE HUNT CLUB RACES. There was a fair attendance at Flemington on Saturday, on the occasion of the annual race meeting of the Melbourne Hunt Club The lawns and enclosures at Flemington just now are pleasantly green, but the outer course has not had sufficient rain to give it itsusualsprmgcoatingofgross. Importantim prox ements are in progress on the racecourse, and are almost completed. The stone space has been largely increased, and the aim of the V.R.C, committee seems to be to place a stand wherever room can be found for one and although the new buildings are entirely of wood they are not in- elegant In the general design the picturesque is, however, being sacrificed to the useful, and probably the number of people who will be able to see the nett Cup race comfortably peated will be half as large again as the proportion of whom this could have been paid last year. Amongst the new buildings is a press box in the paddock, BO inconveniently placed that it will probably never be devoted to the purpose for which it was intended. Saturday's racing commenced with the Selling Race, a held of seventeen on the card being reduced to five at the post Ambassa- dress was consistently backed by the stable down to odds of 2 to 1; but Sorcerer, at the finish, had the slightest possible advantage over her in the betting, a result just reversed in the race. for the greater part of the journey Ambassadress, Sorcerer, and Snip were never clear of each other, but the former without being ridden quite out at the finish, beat the Mordialloc horse by a head, and brought £45 of the stake back to the club, this being the price at which she was bought in The Hurdle Race was a much more interesting event, 13 horses remaining in. Tantaliaer was a firm favourite. At the second hurdle, however, his chance xv OF practically lost, as the horse Struck so sharply that he came on his haunches, and was never with the held afterwards Lottery, while running amongst the leaders, tell at the hurdle by the river side and was killed; and Distiller, who, on a recent finish at Caulfield, should have had something more than an outside chance, knocked M'lvor out of the Saddle through heavily hitting a jump at the back. With these dangerous ones removed the light chestnut Louis and revenge bad the finish to themselves, the former winning by about two lengths. The Hunt Club Cup, which came next, was entitled to be considered the chief event of the day. Among seven starters the old grey Abdallah was favourite. Last) year his rider was pulled out of the saddle at the first jump; this year the last fence spoiled his chance. The raceforthegreaterpartof the distance was run at a slow pace, Curiosity having such a long lead at the close of the first round that after getting over the stone wall his owner took a pull at him and allowed the others to come up again. Sara fell at the back in the second round, odd as the horses got down towards the straight Baldy and Curiosity were about a score of lengths in advance of the others Abdallah was making up his ground rapidly, but being driven along so fast he hardly rose at the last fence, and had a nasty fall. Curiosity) having most pace beat Baldy comfortably in the gallop down the straight, the time for the event being slow. The winner made one or two mistakes, in one case standing too far off the stone wall, but saving himself by ajcniarkiible jump, while at the back he shifted his rider by striking. Mr. Menzies was warmly cheered as he finished. With the exception of the one mistake by Sara, all the hunters fenced well, and none more eager) than Cavalier, a big, handsome grey, a fine chance, but not a race- horse. An exceptionally good field of 24 mustered at the starting-post for the Handicap, Kohai, Don Giovanni, The Levite, Middlemarch, and The Ghost being all backed with spirit More than one stable had a surprise many, Kohai and Don Giovanni, against either of whom 10 to could have been the first had, being hacked down to threes and fives respectively before the start for three quarters of a mile the Tasmanian made a bold display, but when Uogmana) was brought from the luck shortly after they got into the straight Kohat surrendered, 'then Power brought Middlemnrch up with the leaders, and the old brown, moving with his characteristic stride, showed that, although he has lost a good many races lately, he has not lost his pace, for he caught hogmanay without any great effort, and beat him by three quarters of a length. The half dozen remaining in for the Open Steeplechase made a very good race. Wickliffe was unfortunate early in the race, for Reticent, who started favourite, run dovvnsevei.il of the jumps, and, crossing him, caused him to strike and full, Reticent, who also cannoned with Game in the Caulfield Grand National Steeplechase, got in the way of the other horses name, but went straight enough after the first half mile. Wick lilies mistake was the only one made, and the finish of the race between Reticent and Sir Samuel was very exciting, for the lost half- mile the pair racing side by side at a smart pace. Isdell was evidently to) ing to bring the other down, but it was only at the last fence that Reticent lost a little ground by striking. Even with this mistake the result was uncertain for a time, but Sir Samuel showed most pace at the finish, and won by three-quarters of a length, Bulk) ne, the nearest of the others, being 20 lengths back. The racing finished with the Sapling Stakes, for which there was another large held of 17 youngsters out The Adelaide filly), Hortense, was the favourite, and another from the same colony, Teuton, a full brother to Newstead, came next in order. The race was won, however, in very smart style by Mistletoe, a Bosworth hill), Mr. C. L Macdonald's pair. Hortense and Harri- dan, finishing next behind her. Carnival at first made a good show, but was beaten when only half the distance had been covered. The following are the details of the racing : SELLING- RACE, 01 CO says. The winner to be sold for £100. Weight forage. Fivofurlongs. Mr T. B Hunt's br in Ambassadress, by Ambassa- dor- Wasp (nil), 6yrs, Oats 1196. (Uu)) .. 1 Mr T. Rennison a br g Sorcerer (nil), G j rs, Oat filly (Wilkinson) 2 Mr p. Piggot'B br g Snip (nU), sured, Ost 111. (Redfearn) 7 .. 3 Mr T Coffey's bo Garibaldi (£50), 3 yrs, 7st lib. (Walker).. .. to Mr. W. Langley's or" of honour (nil), 4 yrs, 7st, carried 7st 4lb (Brown) ... 0 settings to 4 agst Sorcerer, 2 to 1 agst Ambassa- dress, 4 to 1 agst Snip Ambassadress was smartest in getting away, and crossing over the tan she was clear of the others, Sorcerer being next to her. further down Snip joined the pair, and the three running close together sw cared out to the centre of the course While Snip and Sorcerer were being ridden at the top end of the carriage paddock, Git) never moved on Ambassadress, and she won by a bare head, Sorcerer being the same distance in front of Ship, with Garabaldi next and ltcllcurlast Time, in. 43s The w toner was bought in for £15 HANDICAP HURDLE RACE, Of 70 Sovs One mile and a half and a distance. Mr. A. Davies' ch g Louis, by Maribyrnong Lugonlo, 6 yrs, 6st 10lb (DO Drum) .. "1 Mr. ¡vi. Mllno'a li g Toy case, aged, list. (Floyd) .. i Mr. T Coffey's ch g Joe), 6yrs, Oat 7lb. (Smith) 2. 2 Mr. W. ltadclluo us ch li Distiller, 0 yrs, list (M'Iver). ..0 Mr. J. M'Grade's b li Tantalite, aged, lost 7lb. (Maloney Mr. W. McLeod's b g Midnight, aged, lost 7lb. (M'Lcotl) . 0 Mr. L Martin's b g Wild Dog (late The Joker), aged, lost (Burton) .. 0 Mr. A Halinbourg a ch g I Score, aged, 10st. (Taylor) .... 0 21s J Gardiner's b in Geraldine, aged, 9st 7lb (Gardiner) 0 Mr. D Fountain's ch m Marron, 6 yrs, Oat 7lb. (M'Qowiu) ... 0 Mr. S Miller s br g Jan, 6) yrs, 6st 7lb (Lower) 0 Mr. W. Lyons's G g Lottery), 2 ) yrs, 6st, carried 6st Jib (tins) ... 0 Mr. W. H Cox's (Jun ) b g T D , li > rs, Oat, carried as, lib. (Cox) ... .... 0 Betting.-7 to Sagstlautallior, Oto last March, 6 to 1 each agst Louis and Geraldine, S to 1 east Jlovemrc, and 10 honest Joe). Midnight next the rails got off best when the word was given, but T B. was in advance as they passed over the first hurdle As they) approached the hurdle at the Judge's box Revenge rushed out and led over it, followed by Letters, TB, and Geraldine 'Xantallsor struck the hurdle and won a party) down, but recovered. Alongthosido her suite was still leading T.H and butter), but the latter came down here, and never rose again As they went towards the back, the Hold was further thinned, for Distiller struck and eliot M'Iver out of the saddle At the back Joo) mond up, and got the load, with Revenge and T li. attending him, but road was In franc once more as they passed the scraping sheds turning down towards the straight The field closed on revenge, and Louis got the lead just before they came through the gap In the mu home Itovcugo stuck to Illili, But the chestnut had most pace, and won by a couple of lengths; Joo) being third, Wild Dog fourth, Lneoro fifth, Maree sixth, loan next, and T.D. lost Time, lim Os. HUNT CLUB CUP, Of 100 Sovs Three miles. Mr. W.A.Menzies'» re g Curiosity, by Latter)', aged, 11st 4lb. (Owner Mr. W. H. Eliott's bk or br g Paddy, aged, 11st (Mr. R. D. Griffiths) 2... 2 Mr. L. B. Pender leg Robin, aged, 11st 12lb. (Mr. A. Watson) 2 Mr. A. Anderson's g g Abdallah, aged, 12st 12lb. (Mr. C Glasscock) 0 Mr. J. C. leaders br g Albatross, aged, 12st 12lb. (Owners Mr. O. Watäott'aggCaiallor, aged, 12st, carried 13st 2lb. (Mr. T Watson) .... of Mr. R. T. H Clarke's b m Sara, aged, lost 12lb, carried list (Mr. O. Frigate).. .. _. of Betting 6 to 4 agst Abdallah, 6 to 1 each agst Albatross and Robin, 0 to 1 agst Cavalier, 10 to 1 agst Curiosity). Sara, pulling has), led the field out of the straight and had a sound lead over the first jump, Abdallah, Curiosity), and Albatross following her in order The pace was very slow, all the horses being kept well in hand, although the leaders were anxious to gallop As they turned towards the back Curiosity was taken up into second place, and the trawlers) have closed upon Sara as they, galloped past the abattoirs, Bay is running third At the Hinds Curiosity) headed Yarra and for her to the burnt fences by a couple of lengths, Bald), Abdallah, Hobin, AllalroHS and Cypher following in order the latter Jumped wonderfully but was very slow The big band fences were all taken in good the and after crossing, the late Mr. Menzies took, a pull at Curiosity) and allowed Sara and Bald) to get allowed to him again as they galloped once more towards the bridge At the back Lili!) led by also its length, and here Sara when going well came down the first mistake of the race Baldy held his let Druidical from Curiosity rust the she is where the latter scrucksharplv and shifted his water Coming down in the straight both Abdallah and Robin closed on the leaders but the former when rapidly making; up his lost ground I it the last fence heavily and rolled over All the others got, over badly, and in the race home Curiosity won easily by a dozen lengths, the same distance separating Bald) and Robin Cavalier and Albatross were beaten off. Time, 7m 291 HANDICAP? FLAT RACE Of 200 acres., second, 20 Sovs-, third, 10 sors. One-mile Mr J Tully ns br h Middlemarch, by Marlbj r nong; 6yrs 7st 10lb Power) 1 Mr S Martin's b g Romana), 0 ) ra, 7st 4lb , carried "7st. 5lb (Robertson) 2 Mr T Bennison s veil is bath o, 60 yrs, 6st. 10lb (Wilkinson) 3 Mr le Donovan's bro- Dunlop, 4 are, Out dab (Hutchens) 0 Mr C Wilson s bin Gardenia, aged, Sit 216 (M O Brien) 0 Mr J G Held icH The Ghost, (aged, Sit lib , carried 8st 8lb (Williams) 0 Mr R Howie's br- Huron 4 yrs 7st 10lb (Howie) 0 Mr M Jacobs's ch of Section, 4 yrs, 7st 7lb (Redfearn) 0 Mr J W hlttingliain a h li Claptrap, need, 7st Gib (Trahan) 0 Mr C Krushka s br li Clarendon, 6yrs, 7st Gib (Davis) 0 Mr H Jennings e br li Duke of Athol, aged, 7st 8lb (Brown) 0 Mr A I Macdonald s b li The Rev the aged, 7st Gib (little)) 0 Mr R. G Talbot's like Kohai, 4 yrs 7st 4lb (trades) 0 Mr T Rennison's b g Maroney, aged, 7st 2lb, carried 7st 4lb (Rammage) 0 Mr G H Heads so Islander, i yrs, 7st 8lb (Tomlins) 0 Mr J Powell's b g Western, oued, Gst 121 b (Quv) 0 Mr L. L Smith abc Dougalston, aged, Oat 111 (Martin O'Brien 0 Mr J Morrison's bcDoiiûlovau, 3 yrs, 6st 10lb ( Johnson) 0 Mr H G Talbot's b o Highland Chief, 4 yrs, 6st 8lb (Durucs) 0 Mr a Miller's ch of Devotion, 3 yrs 6st 8lb (Turnor) 0 Shall I Clarke's brother Consul, 6yrs, 6st 7lb carried 6st Hill (Bruce) 0 Mr I I can. ns ch g Cestus aged Gst Gib, carried (1st 7lb (Bence) 3 Mr J Crozier's (Miner or hours, largest fish (simmons) 0 Mr C Gray a b or bro- Hobart 3 yrs 6st, carried 6st 8lb (Cracknell) 0 Betting -3 to 1 (at first 10 to 1) agst Kohai 6 tell (at first 10 to 1) east Don Ciovnn 6 to 1 nest Hie I Levite, 100 to If nest lllddtcniari.li 7 to 1 agst The Ghost S to lags Duke of Athol 10 too acid Gar (Ionia 10 to 1 east Clarendon, 10 to 1 agst Hogmanay 10 to 1 agst Dev otton Trout a good start Dougalston and Devotion worD quickness in getting away Duke of Athol and The Levite who had shown touch uneasiness on the outside both losing ground At the back Huron at d Devotion were lead a, side by) side just ahead of Lord behind whom were Cestus Clarendon and Do t (eleven At the abattoirs Kohat drew up with Devotion and Jim on retired slight]), while Doueal ton also dropped back into the ruck Cestus had the lead as they went past the sheds but it was for an instant out), and approaching the straight Royal was again in front As they rounded the bend the position chanced Don Giovani showing just in front of First Consul and Kohat willie Huron and Devotion were still with the leaders As soon cattle) were fairly li the straight Mooliana) moved out from the centre of the Bell and it was at once apparent that he had command of those i t front Just as he seemed about to will oem Portable) Power brought out Middlemarch and the latter with his long even surf he, caught Roumania, and beat him by three quarters of a length ball being ther 1 a length further back Huron fourth, Gardenia fifth Dougalston sixth Claptrap seventh, First Consul! next, and sedition last line, but 421 HANDIOU? STEEPLECHASE OfllOsois second lOsers. Two miles Mr T Neil b g Sir Samuel, by Hughenden, aged 9st 7lb (M I cod) 1 Mr G II leader g Reticent 6yrs 10st 12lb (Ferguson) 2 Mr S Miller's b g Kulkyne aged, 11st 5 b (W Watson) 3 Min- Chlfnc) s b g Songster, aged, Hat, 10lb (Kilduff) .>.?».. 0 Mr J Piles br g Brown Eagle, aged, Hat (field) 0 Mr G Buckle) s b g Wickliffe, aged 10st life (Creo) 0 Berth K -7 to 4 agst Uctlcont 4 to 1 airst Sir Samuel 5 to 1 agst Brown Eagle, and G to 1 east Kui Line barrister was quiet est In motion but Brown Eagle nt encompass! him PctiCettt In jumping ran down his fences and as he crowed W Rockliffe at the second of the actions I) tug along the straight the latter came down but was remounted Reticent still interfering, with the others led over the palings but Kulkine was in front as they) crossed the stonewall and the logs with Sir Samuel Reticent Doncaster and Brown I agree following in order all going at a good pass an 1 jumping cleanly Along the river Reticent had headed Kulk) n SlrSamuo) attending them closet) As they wanted the bridge Bulk) no had fallen hack and Reticent still leading, washing followed by Brown 1 sale Sir Samuel and Songster very much the same positions being., maintained at the back At the abattoirs Sir Samuel and Reticent galloping together, vvcroL.otnj away from the others and the race was reduced to a match between them The pace was fast each trying, to bring, the other day on but it was not until the last fence that Reticent struck and (ran of Sir Samuel an advantage He caught him again half way) down the straight but Sir Samuel had most in hand and taking the lead towards the finish won comfortably) by three quarters of a length Bulk) no was third come 20 lengths back and then came Brown reside and Songster Time, 4m 441, SAI LIN C STALLS. A handicap of 60 sovs for two year olds. Italia mile. Mr J D Robertson s but Mistletoe, by Bosworth Star of Love, 7st 4lb (Friday) Mr CL Macdonald s b or br f Hortense, 7st 3lb (Robertson) 2 Mr C' L. Macdonald's I) I Harridan 7st rib (O Connell) 3 Mr G Darlot's be; firebrace, 8st, 4lb (Ricketson) 0 Mr 1 Corio) s br of Patience, St lib (William son) 0 Mr J Harper's b t Carnival, 7st 8lb, carried Sat (It Bence) 3 Mr J Whittlntrhamsbgtolat nations (Trahan) 0 Mr A Smith bro- Upper Crust, 7st 10lb (Churchill) 0 Hon W 1 carson s b or br- Citadel 7st 10lb (Power) 0 Mr F- Clissold s h o Glanworth, "st 10lb (Sten brings) 0 Captain J Haymes a bro- Albert Loddon, Tat 10lb (!' Brown) 0 Mr S Borstal! s b o ht Michael, 9st 7lb (R Brown 0 Mr V Balle) s bro- Teuton 7st 8lb (Wall or) s 0 Mr T Joncsschf Alexandra, 7st (Gib (J Bence) 3 Mr F Clissold s bri Lad) Lovell, 7st 5lb (Morrison) 0 Mr W E. Dakin a veil of Design 7st 5lb (MolTatt) 0 Mr S G Cook's Iii Liedertafel at (Gunner) O Betting -5 to 2 at Hortense 4 to 1 must Teuton, 6 to least Mistletoe 7 to 1 arrest Carnival, TO for each Best Patience Labat and Harridan Mistletoe was answerable for a little delay at the post and when they were sent og Carnival appeared in front with HortcliHenoxttoher As they approached the tan gallop Firebrace drew up level with Hortense, the pair running just in front of Alexandria while Carnival still led The latter fired however, when only half the distance had been covered and at this point there was nothing, in it but Mistletoe and Hortense An excellent finish bets can the | air left Mistletoe the winner by three quarters of a length, Harri lau being third, four circles further back Liedertafel finished fourth Citadel Hill and be at sixth, while Upper Crust was last Time, 64s 