Tales, Etc. FRANK O'MEARA, THE ARTIST OF COLLINGWOOD. BY BARON NA CARRIAG. CHAPTER XXVIII. JERRY DOOLIN'S OPINION OF LAWYERS. • Tot Four-leafed Shamrock Gold Mining Company' possessed all the elements of paoeepn, nnmply, steadiness, energy, and economy. Whilst other parties, who had been fortunate ib one or two shafts, harried off to the town to take ' a spell of pleasure,' th«' Shamrook,' u Jerry usually termed it, kept steadily to the operations of sinking and wishing. The partners, if not always Baking a 'good hit,' or 'lighting on a haul,' saved carefully in their lees luoky intervals what they had already acquired. In oomequenoe of the rival attractions of Chinaman's Flat, Dead Man's Gully was not overcrowded; therefore our party had, for a period of eight months, an uninterrupted succession of ehanoes on their favourite ground. Glowing acoounts of the piltt, made easily elsewhere, never, for a minute, tempted them to desert it. And, yet, sorely at times was their patienoe tried. Indeed, frequently after a week's, and nomotimes a fortnight's hard and anxious toil, they got oDly a few ounoes of gold. Oa other ooaasions, they oould not wash out as much si would pay working expenses. Then a tarn of look would come, end the yield of precious metal would be eztraerdinary. Thus, with varying fortune, the Shamrook Company went on for the spaoe of eight mouths. About the expiration of this time, it became apparent that Dead Man's Gnlly had seen its best days. Besides having conntless duffers and long lines of shepherds on its list, it was disoovered that its gold ran now in lines or Uads. These leads, as they were termed, resembled in their errant course the sinuosities of a water- course or streamlet, sod frequently dipped to lengths ranging from one hundred to three hundred feet. The appliances for working these deep sinkings were costly, and, besides, necessitated an amalgamation of claims, unknown before on the majority of >rold-fields. Eventually, this oondition of affairs gave rise to an entirely newcode of laws, intended to regulate and protect the interests of amalgamated companies on leads.' 4 'The Shamrock Co.,' haying sunk a couple of deep shafts, and found nothing, not oven one grain, began to consider tbe. propriety of deserting their favonrite field. It had yielded abundantly in tbe main, bat now, when it was clear that the whole nature of the ground and sinking had ohanged, the important question arose, would it be wise to operate on it any further f After a long debate on the question, it was nnaoimonsly agreed to bid farewell to Dead Man's Gully. Where to turn to next was a more knotty point to settle. The shallow sinking on Chinaman's Flat was also exhausted, and therefore that field offered no inducement. Having oanvaseed the merits of several other places of whioh there was more or less talk amongst mining ciroles, the friends at last resolved to go baok to the shaft on whioh they first entered when they arrived at the diggings, and which they deserted when the general rush to Dead Man's Gully took place. Frank O'Meara and Ben Major having tried their "prentice han's' on it, felt now a strong desire to 'touch bottom,' and see whether it really contained gold or not. Jerry and Panl being easily persuaded to agree to this move, they all started off, and in a little time were once again established On their old claim. Ever since the time they had left, the soene of their first efforts at gold digging was entirely deserted; even the most inveterate shepherd bad thrown up his claim there, and never thought of returning. When the Shamrook Co. had got (heir tent rigged, it was the only one visible on the plain. In the course of a day or two, when a chance straggler happened to paes over the ground, he was sure to shake his head ominously, and perhaps offer a remark anything but flattering to the sagacity and skill of ' The Fourleaved Shamrock Gold Mining Company.' Ooe evening about this time, our little party were seated before their tent enjoying their tea and damper, and discuBBing the probable chances of touching bottom next day, when a newB-vondor happening to pass that way challenged them to purcbBse his 'last oopy of the Weekly Argus.' Having paid the man a shilling for the paper, Ben Major at once began and . read the most interesting items of the week's news, as well as copious eztraots from tbe last European "When these were exhausted, Jerry Doolin requested Ben to turn hiB attention to thB Wants. Now,' said Jerry, ' I always take ail intense interest in that oolumn where the maneooks are wanted. When I was followih' m7. profession that column was the mo»t enticin' bit of literature in tbe whole range of English Olassios. The spBeoh of the itriot Tell, or the ' Burial of Sir Swore,' or «The Sack of Baltimore,' didn't John found half so flowery in my ear as the touohin* invitation of « Melbourne or St, Kilda te,a sober, steady nale cook to oome and prepare the dainties for him. Oh! but they were the great times thin ! Faith, except goold diggin', there's, nothin* to beat the cnUnary art. Maybe, f>en, if yom r e aa thlm all through, you'll n a d that Dootor Duncan is sigtuu' through the columns of the Argus for the flesh-pots of Doolin.' | By-thc-way, oan you tell us, Jerry,' inquired Ben Major, 'how Dr. Duncan managed to hear the door- bell, and he aa deaf as a post P' 'Oh! sure,'cried Jerry, 'the dootor hadn't a bell at all.' * What had he, then ?' inquired Frank. ' Bedad,' said Jerry, ' whin the door bell, as everybody thought it, was pulled, some curiosity or other in the different rooms made a signal to the dootor as plain as a pikestaff. In the kitchen, you see, there was a oat on the mantel over tbe range, that started all of a sudden to wash berfaoe and mew, as if her rations were stopped; one good pull at the door set her a soreamin' and caperin' for three minutes at least. Thin, in the surgery there was an eagle, that flapped its wings like a game cook, whin he orows in the mornin'. Thin, Bgain, in the dinin'-room there was a splendid figure of the Iron Dake Wavin* a big flag, on whioh was ineoribed the famous sayin',' Up, guards and at them.' Faith, thefe wasn't a spot in the house but had its telegraph clerk to warn the dootor; and it's my private opinion that he tied a string to his big toe whin he went to sleep, for I was told on good authority that he oould answer the bell at night as lively as a lamplighter. Oh J niver mind the doctor, now; bedad, he was so sharp in his tight, and his smell too, that be could scent a patient before there was a ring at all; bat go on wid tbe wants, Ben, till I hear how the labour market is situated.' Having turned to the columns devoted to the subjeot indicated, Ben continued to read for some time, very much to the delight of Jerry, who would nevertheless occasionally interrupt the reading by such exclamations as 'Tuoder and tnrf, do you hear that, Paul ? Begorra, the giotlemio are starvin', &o.;' At last Ben oame to an advertisement, a portion of whioh he read, and then suddenly quit. . 1 Go on !' cried Jerry, 'what's up wid you, Ben?' Ben, however, without noticing Jerry's query, kept staring at the sheet before him with a look of perplexity and astonishment. ' What's the matter at all wid you ?' cried Jerry again. Is your eyesight failin' you, that you stop short in that way ?' ' Not a bit of it, Jerry,' replied Ben,' bat only listen ; here is something that ought to interest you and Frank;' and Ben began the paragraph again, and read out the following :— ' Wanted. Information is wanted of the whereabouts, or present address of Mr. Frank O'Meara, and Mr. Jerry Doolin, late of Bast Oollingwood, Melbourne. If this should meet the eye ef one or both of the beforenamed parties, they will hear of something to their advantage by applying, either personally or by letter, to Wall and Woodhouse, Solicitors, Melbourne.' On hearing this read, Jerry looked at Frank, who stared at him in return; then Jerry fixed his gaze on Ben Major, seriously at first, but afterwards with such a quizzical glance that Ben was forced to exclaim: You don't believe it, Jerry ?' ' I boliere you are drawin' on your imagination, juBt to take a riae out of Frank and myBelf.' ' Well, there is the paper, read it yourself. It is plain enough;' and Ben hirided the paper to Jerry. Jerry took it, and read and re-read the advertisement, with evident astonishment; then he handed the paper to Frank, who also read in turn the interesting announcement. Then tbe two stared at each other in silence. 'Begorra!' cried Jerry, breaking in first, ' it's there, sure enough! what on earth can it mean ? Wall and Woodhouse, solicitors ! something to our adrantage J Who iver heard the like of that? just think of gettin' the advantage of an attorney.! Faith I don't like it at all. It's some trap, Frank, or an attorney wouldn't have even his little finger in it.' 'What trap could there be in it, Jerry ?" ' Maybe it's a breach of promise case. Did you iver promise to marry anybody, Frank f because if you did, I'd lay my life the lawyers are lookin' out for you—Wall and Woodhouse are spreadin' their ugly net to catch you!" 'What about your own share in the business ?' inquired Ben. ' Oh! the sorra a promise or the ghost of a promise iver I gave in my life,' cried Jerry. ' Don't you Bee,' said Ben, ' that it is something to your advantage ? Perhaps it's some of your late patients, some wealthy old widow who wishes to spend the autumn of her life with a culinary artist. Was there ever any middle-aged dowager whoeether melancholy cap at you? Come now, Jerry, out with it.' ' Oh! it won't do, Mr. Ben Major, that's not in mv line; but it's clear Frank's in for sometbin'. Wall and Woodhouse don't spread their net to catch a jhan-cook. Frank, you see, is an artist; and maybe somo of hi* lady customers are frettin' about him; nothin' so likely. He may apply to Wall and Woodhouse, attorneys at law, if he likes ; but, by jiogo, he won't eatch me failin' into that trap. Sumethin' to our advantage! nabockelish! it's not to a lawyer I'd go for that commodity, I tell you.' • Well, but why should the solicitors put your name in thiB advertisement,' said Frank, ' unless you are in some way concerned ?' ' Why not put Ben Major's nuino in too f' cried Jerry. ' He lived at East Oollingwood, I'm thinkin', as well aa yourself or mo ?' 1 Perhaps,' suggested Ben, ' your friend, the dootor, wants you baok ; and, likely, he thinks it would bo to your mutual advantage that you ehould return.' 'But the doctor would advertise himself, and then hfe doesn't want Mr. i »arik O'Meara.' : Oh! jours must be a different case, Frank,' said Ben ; ' probably Mr. Nat Goodman has a chance of making " a fifty pounder" off you. At any rate, it would be better, I think, to write to these men and hear what game they are up to.' ' As sun as you write to fcbem,' exclaimed Jerry, ' they'll serve you wid a greenwax latitat, or a Jirey-factr, or some outlandish •tickin' plaster of a law document that would make you bald in a night. Niver a fear of me writin' to them; and if you take my advico let sleepin' doga lie, for there niver was the least taste of luck wid the lawyers, bad cess to them.' ' Well, Jerry, yon can please yourself,' said Frank, ' but I shall take ohance and write. I don't see the harm in it.' ' Don't Bay a word about me to them, Frank; or if you do, just tell tbom I was stuck up in the bmli by Black Douglae, and there's no hope entertained of my recovery.' Notwithstanding Jerry's badinage, Frank O'Meara wrote to Menrs. Wall and Woodhouse, informing them that he had seen their advertisement, and requesting them to communicate with him at Ballarat. CHAPTER XXIX. TEE JOtTR-LBAFBD SHAHBOCK COHFAHT BIND A Blfl NUGGET. On the following day the Shamrock Co. resumed their sinking with great energy. From their experience of the different strata through which they had cut on former occa' eione, they calculated that one day's sinking should land them at the wash-dirt, provided euch a thing was to be found in the claim at all. About four o'clock Jerry Doolin, who was just then below, shouted up to Frank, who was working the windlass at tho time, ' to pull him up.' ' What's the matter, Jerry ? Have you broken your pick?' inquired Frank from above. 'There's nothin' wrong wid me that know, only I'd like to get up for a spell.' All right, Jerry, are you ready ?' ' All ready ; pull away!' Iu a minute Jerry landed on the surface ; and as soon as he did so he quickly dragged the bucket towards him, merely observing ' that he had grabbed Bomethin' below, mortal hard, and uncommon heavy.' Then he lifted what seemed a rough lump of clay oat of the bucket, and exclaimed: ' Feel tho weight of that, will you ? Now, if that's not goold mj name's not Jerry Doolin.' Frank took the clay-covered lump into his bands, but it fell from his grasp in an instant. The unexpected weight took him quite by surprise, and consequently the mass slip from his hands and rolled down the bank on which he stood. • It's gold, Jerry, without doubt. I Bee the glitter of the metal where you scratched it with the pick.' ' Hoora!' cried Jerry, ' bedad, our fortune's made at last! Hoora for " The Fourleafed Shamrock Goold Mining Company !" You may write home as soon as you like, Frank. The like of that you niver clapped an eye on. Come here, Ben Major, till I show you an eye-opener. Look at that block of the real Btingo! That's none of your paudeens! Where are you, Paul Jonca ? Sure, I've dug up a lump as big as a leg of mutton. Feel the weight of that, young fellow I Bedad, we'll christen it the Red Jacket nugget. Oh! blur alive, but it's a party piece entirely. It's a picture, I declare! Oh! boys dear, but this bates tbe Caubeen matin' by long ohalks. Oh! if my great-great-grandfather could only rise out of his bed in the beautiful graveyard of Killown, and take one look at that block of goold, he'd go back ashamed of himself and hiB round tower hats of Ireland, and his old itockin' full of guineas. 'But, what's the use of talkin' ? Maybo if things go on much longer in this way, it's proud as an Emperor we'll all be gettin'. Oh ! boys, its no wonder you stare, there's as much in that lump as would start a jeweller's shop.' 'You're right, Jerry, cried Ben Major, •thifc beats hat-making, or picture-making, or dinner-making, or book-keeping by double entry.' 'Let us waih it,' said Frank, 'and see what it looks like.' Frank, having procured some water, quickly proceeded to wash the mud from the golden mass. As this work progressed, Jerry kept up a running comment on the beauty of each feature of the nugget, as it developed under the application of the water. Indeed, it was soon evident that they all participated in the elated State of mind which Jerry exhibited. Every one of the party gave way in turn to the feelings of pleasure and delight that the si^ht of bo unexpected a treasure was calculated to call forth. Even Ben Major, who was seldom or never in the gushing mood, loBt control of his roserve, and actually joined Jerry Doolin in a wild dancing caper round Frank, as that young man proceeded with his washing. This unusual display of vivacity on Ben's part so affected Paul Jones that he felt bound to apologise for not joining his mates in the dance. Hie great stoutness, he humbly pleaded, was the Only cause which held him back; but, however, as he felt he should do something expressive of his gratification at the wonderful event, he would juBt take a turn or two in a style that was more congenial to the weight of his corpulent person. Having eased his mind on this point, he sat down on the ground, coiled himself into a ball-shaped mass, somewhat afttir thefashion of a hedgehog, and then started off oh a rolling 'expedition heels-over-hdad, in a mannfer hat was truly wonderful and amcsiog to ehold. The gently sloping nature of the round waB highly favourable to Paul's volutions, and, of course, with a good start, be speed at which he rolled increased ever as he descended. It is quite possible that the rotary motion of so bulky a frame as Paul's, down an inclined plane, was not easily kept in moderate bounds. This, indeod, may account for the fact that soon became ludicrously apparent, namely, that Paul could Bot stop himself. On, and ever onward, he rolled, until at last he suddenly disappeared, having whirled into a muddy water-bole that lay treacherously across his route. So disgusting a finale never, for a moment, entered into the calculations of Mr. Jones, when he bounded off on his frolicsome journey. Now, however, when he found himself in the difficulty he certainly behaved with great composure, and even dignity. Instead of floundering about, as moBt men similarly situated wonld have done, Paut took it quite coolly. The hole into which he had dropped was pretty deep, five feet at least, filled with muddy water, and having a particularly tough coating of mud at the bottom. When fully immersed in this pool, Paul, in consequence of the peculiar motion with which he had entered it, was not at all sure which end of himself was uppermost. Of course, he was obliged to uncoil himself and make an effort to find the surface. His first attempt was unfortunately a complete failure, as was clearly evident to his three friends, who, having hurried up to the spot, now stood on the bank ready to assist him out. They could sea plainly by the play of Paul's heels near the surface that he was vainly tiyiifg to escape by the bottom. By-and-bye, however, and without muohapparent hwry, hechanered his tactics, then his feet gradually dis' appeared below; and, exoept that there was an occasional gurgle above the spot where they vanished, his presence oould not have been deteoted. 'As I'm a livin' sinner,' oried Jerry, ' Paul's lost! He's stuck in the mud like an alligator. Catch my hand, Frank, and I'll grabble for him. Bun for a pole, Ben t quick! or he'll be smothered.' Before Jerry oould enter the pool, however, the mnd-coated visage of Paul JotoeB rose slowly and deliberately above tbe aurfaoe. Opening his mouth very wide, he drew a long breatb, gave an astonishing sneeze, and then opened one eye, but suddenly dosed it again. ' This way, Paul! oome this way, you unfortunate soul,' oried Jerry. ' Bedad, you look like a Patagoniaa giant dipped in treade.' ' I was nearly smothered, lad,' stammered out Paul, ' that infernal mud is so laorrid tough, that a man could almost drag himself as easily nut of the Red Jacket's irons.' When Paul got safely on the' bank, Jerry led him by the hand to a spot where tbe water was a little cleaner. Here, with the help of a buoket, and a plenteous application of water, Paul managed to olear his faoe of the thiok coating which covered it. It was soon apparent, however, that he snstained numerous scratches by ooming in contaot with some bramble whioh lay at the bottem of the water-hole. When he had washed himself thoroughly and put on some dean clothes, Jerry congratulated him on the ohangn of appearance his late frolic had brought about. ' Bedad,' said Jerry, yon look as illigant about the gills as if you had visited Donybrook Fair, and returned in the shape of a new and improved edition of Paul Jones emellished wid numerous cuts. But niver fret yonrself about trifles; just put that bit of goold in a flour bap, and Frank and you can run over to the Escort office and leave it tat safe keepin'. Mr. Ben and myself-can try, In the meantime, if it has got any relations. Come, Ben, lower me down again, and I'll make acquaintance wid the reBt of the family. I hope it's not like myself—an only child and an orphan." (To be continued.) • ' It seems, acoording to tbe Lancet, that the little toy balloonB or India rubber bladders Which children inflate With the breath inay be readily reversed by inspiration, and even drawn into tbe air passages. In two instances recently death has occurred by suffocation;'it balloon of the sort being drawn into the-opening of the glottis. A Central News telegram states that -the people of Berne have rejected the bill for making vaccination compulsory in the district by 28,608 votes against 26,215. Austria has just introduced a bill for this creation of a final reserve, which will add 800,000 men to her available forces.. This will raise the forces of the Auetro- Hungarian Empire to 2,000,000 men, or on a par vrith the Russian army. The President of the Republic of Columbia, South America, on learning of the deuth ot Bister Teresa, Superior Of the HMj^taTSt Carthagena, a victim ofmalignant' fevefi ordered-a painting of her to be plaeed ii the grand hall of the hospital; at the expense df the State. * Whim Sofhern was in New York he hired an attenuated livery horse foradriveup the road. Ho stopped at a jrayside tavern, and while his servant was blanketing tho animal, M'Cullough canae up, and esked, " What do you put that blanket over your horse for, Ned P He looks too weak to bear , op under it." " Oh," was Sotbern's reply, " that is to keep the wind from blowing the. bay out of him." CutnoYMEN, Lawyers, Editors, Balikei^, «ed Ladies need American, Hop Bitters, (faily,^]-- Mrvelorce. Bead. ' ' V ,Ss. "/ Adout the best thing you can Jake' ia Wolfe's Schnapps. - " - J 