OLD FRIEXDS AND NEW. Make new friends, but keep the old, Those are silver, these are gold ; New- made friendships, like new wine, Age will mellow and refine. Friendships that have stood the test — Time and change — are surely best ; Brow may wrinkle, hair grow gray, .Friendship never knows decay. Once more we our jrouth renew ; But old friends, alas, may die ; New friends must their place supply. Cherish friendship in your breast, New is good, but old is best ; Make new Mends, but keep the old, Those are silver, these are gold. The following is a literal copy of a curious playbill said i» have been issued in the year 1793, by the manager of the Theatre Royal, Kilkenny : — ' Kilkenny Theatre Royal, by his 'Majesty's Company of Comedians. ' On Saturday, May 14th, 1793, ' will be performed, by command of several respect able persons in this most learned metropolis, for the benefit of the -worthy Mr. Kearns, the Tragedy of Hamlet, originally written and composed by the cele brated Dan Heys (!), of Limerick, and inserted in Shakepeare's works. Hamlet, by 'Mr. Kearns, who, between ' the acts, will perform several solos on the patent bagpipes, which play three tunes at the same time (!) Ophelia by Mrs. Prior, who will intro duce several favourite airs in character, particularly * The Lass of Richmond Hill,' ' We'll all be unhappy together,' from the Rev. Father Dibdin's 'Oddities.' me parts oixne Jvmg ana totueen, uy me airecuou or the Rev. Father O'Cdllagan, will be omitted, as being too immoral for any stage. The Ghost, the Grave digger, and Laertes will be played by Mr. Simpson. Characters dressed in Roman Shapes. To which will be added an interlude, in which will be introduced several sleight-of-hand tricks by the celebrated Hunt. The whole to conclude with the farce of 'Mahomet the Impostor.' Mahomet by Mr. Kearns. Tickets to be had at the sign of the Goat's Beard in Castle street. The value of the tickets, as usual, will be taken in .candles, bacon, butter, pork, cheese, soap, potatoes, &c;, as. Mr. Kearns wishes in every parti cular to accommodate the public. Important. — No person shall be admitted into the boxes without shoes and stockings.' *' What made you think I'd want to purchase that book?' asked a reporter on the West Shore-road of a team-boy who had just depositedin his lap a volume giving a complete history of all the notable encounters in the prize-ring within the hist hundred years. The reporter in question, be it observed, although of un fortunately somewhat pugnacious aspect, takes especial delight in reporting sermons, and is as ignorant of the Marquis of Queensberry rules as of the differential and integral calculus. 'I thought you was a sport,' replied the train-boy, taking a rapid inventory ox toe interlocutor, tie was a snrewd looking lad with piercing eyes and a nose which is is generally supposed to indicate that its owner knows a thing or twp. 'Then do you always try to select books to suit the character of each passenger?' Of course I does. I hitsitright generally, too, though I sometimes get left. But 'tain't half as bad to mistake a religious man for a sport as to mistake a sport for a religious man, Thesport'llgetmaddernawet hen every time and sling all die cuss words he knows at you — that is if he's in the smokin' car.' ' Do you find much variety of taste among die ladies on the trains ?' ' Cert. When Iseea woman who wants to be thought a fine lady, but ain't, I drops her some novel about jukes and bloated aristocrats, where all the men has , pjenty of stamps and the women folks lots of jewellery. 'When I strikes a lady what's the jenooine thing I flops her down a book that ain't got no darned non sense in it — some book that's been runnin' ever since I've been in the business and no tellin' how long afore.' ?? How about the men r ' 'You've got to study them just as hard. Them dudish fellers is the worst customers. They never buys no books. They'll just set and suck their canes all day, thinking about mashin' or some such rot, I suppose. A man wot's full of business and looks worrited don't often buy books. He can't keep his thonghts on 'em. Young men that ain't dudes, and ain't got no more money 'n they know what to do with, make the best of cus tomers- And old men wot's takin' life easy and ?contented like, and ain't everlastingly bothering themselves about money, buy a good many books on the trains. A railroad train is a mighty good place to study human natur* in.' V What's your favourite reading?' 'I like to read how poor boys get on in the world till they got to be real big bugs like that feUer Edison, wot used to sell books on a train same as I do.' 'Let me have that book of Farrar's ser mons, and don't take me for a sport again.' ' You can bet I won't.' 