THE ORIGIN OF THE VANDER BILT WEA[?]TH. Among the many notices of the de ceased railway kins, W. H. Vanderbilt I have not seen any reference to the origin of the family wealth. [?] Van- derbilt’s father was, as everybody knows, Cornelius, the so-called Com modore. Now the commodore was the son of a hard-working man; who ran a small ferryboat across the Hudson river. When Cornelius’ father died, the business was continued by the widow, who took on Cornelius as ‘ deck hand’ to work the boat and ' look after the dimes. But Cornelius was both saving and pushing - so that having soon accumulated enough to buy or hire a small boat of his own, he started am opposition ferry to his mother’s. The old lady bought him off, and then Cornelius took his boat and started in opposition on several other established ferry routes, being * bought off’ by each in succession with much profit to himself. He con tinued this game until he had accumu lated enough to buy a big steamer which he then started in 'opposition to a Boston company. Bought off there, he attacked another line, and so on until be had quite a fleet and a large balance. And then he sold out of steamers and ‘ went for’ railways. It is with reference to this trait in the commodoie’s character—t his mania for opposition and his liking for being bought off—that the story is told of him and two other millionaires on the banks of Styx. Astor, A. T. Stewart, and the commodore all died within a few days of each other. Astor died first, and A. T. Stewart second. The ghost of the latter, trudging through Styx, found someone sitting on the bank. As he got nearer, ‘ Snakes,' said he, ‘if that ain’t Astor ! Why, Astor, what on ainh are you sittin’ there for V ‘Oh,’ replied Astor, ‘That old cuss, Charon, there he wants to charge five dollars to put me across. I offered him three, but he wouldn’t trade, and J’m darned if I’ll give him more.’ ‘ Well,’ said Stewart, ‘ let’s hail the old cuss and offer him five dollats for the two—joint venture.’ So they hailed i baron, who demanded five dollars a head. This made Astor furious and Siewart despondent, until a happy thought struck the latter. ‘I have it,’ he cried, when I left op there, old Vanderbilt was just nigh croakin’. I tell you what we’ll do—we’ll just wait till he comes along. He’ll start an op position boat, and we’ll get over for a dollar a bead 1’ (Left sitting.) 