'l'.| VGIiost or Guardian. ..: CHAPTER I. THE GIRL WHO DIDN'T BELIEVE IN GHOST8. 1 There are shrimps which must be ' half-boiled before they redden,' read . Charteris, his back to - an old rough-barked elm, his knapsack, bereft of the Tolume in his hand, atlas feet. :;' Bravo Ibravissimo! Capital idea, splendidly put. Not a word too much not a word to little. \V hat a prince ' among writers that man was ! 'What a multitude of Bhrimps the world ? contains ! What a mercy it is is ? there are so many people found willing to undertake the boiling pro cess J ?. Now I come to think of it, though, why does he say half-boiled ? Half-boiled implies a certain timidity ' of treatment of the objectionable crustacean which the writer certainly . doeB not mean to advocate.' Also, is there not something oE ambiguity in ..the way in which he states an assured and universal fact? Now, for in i stance, if I were to say, 'There are :? ' niggers who must be flogged before 'they can be made to work,' I should ,. imply fthat there are , others who do 'not need the lash. Surely the phrase ? ,U flrt«Hir *it»4-Vi if- a -Piillov* Tnaaninrr road thus : 'All shrimps must be — ' '''''No, 'all' is a word too many. ????-« Shrimps must be boiled boforo they can be — ' What ? Eaten ? No. v Let me read the sentence again. 'There are shrimps — ' Confound it ! ?3 All the meaning has gone out of the ,;.,.. thing. Oh, you idiot ! Here you are «??!??! playing ninepins with your brains again— setting up a something for the sake of knocking it over, and getting yourself a fine battering into .the ;: '.bargain. ' Here, with a prolonged bang, he ????? closed his volume, ;and gave it a most ;? emphatic to&a; a yard or bo diutant on ;. the damp grass. , '? ' '' Frank Charteris was taking an en forced holiday. He had been study ing hard for the bar and had come out -. of; jiia final examination;: with flying ''colors. * 'Then lie had Warked out for himself a dou'rserf'of supplementary reading. . .'.; '^ItHs.n contemptible^thing,' ho had said loftily to a frien'HJ .'for- 'a- man to ?bo ablo just to got through -.his exams, then break down and do .nothing for months. His legal knowledge-should ; be -o thorough,' ho should ' 'liitva such 'dbmplete graap of his subjects, that his 'exams should not strain his powers — simply prove them, show him what 'ground, he had gone over and to '.what ;bo;,may now .advance.' ?; ? ' His' friend bad Agreed with hint, hut 'nevertheless when Frank was well out ?ofhaariDg, had Baid to. another ;.man : . 'There's something very wrong , with Obarteris, lookat his eyes ! ? I'm half a doctor, you .know, and I've only once before in my life seen a man, with such ft look as that on his face, and he died a month afterward from brain congestion.' Frank stuffed his book-shelves with solid-looking volumes, abstracts, di gests and '=uch like, opened the most dry-as-dust of thorn all, begau the first sentence and caught at its meaning ; inverted it and read if a second time, and, strange to sav. found it meant exactly the opposite of what he had at first supposed ; reinvertcd it aud tried to put its original meaning into it, and strangest thing of all, found that meaning it had none ; the words called up no ideas whatever to his mind. \- ;He closed his volume and went to his looking-glass. Tn it he saw- a fair, well-featured face, a broad white fore Tiead surmounted by curly, brown hair and a puir ot blue eyes with an odd feverish look in them — the look in fact that1 had disconcerted his friend. Ho shook his fist at himself, anathematized his own weak head and nerves, walked straight out of tho house and called upon the first doctor whose name shone resplendent on a brass plate. The doctor smiled at him blandly. ' Torpid and weakened brain, my friond,' he said. ' The inevitable re action from its over-exertion. You inTA lllnf: milled tmm.cinlF nn nn +T10 brink of a long illness. Quit the legal and go in for the pastoral — in other words, tramp it across country to your people in the south. Look up your friends as you go along. Rest your brain ; work your body ; eat plenty of good food ; and recreate your mind, as' the Americans say, on any of the shilling rubbish you can find upon the bookstalls.' So Prank locked up his bookcase, packed his knapsack, and set off on foot toward the southern counties, going on an average from ten to fif teen miles daily. Arid, possibly, by way of playing off a practical joke upon himself he took for his mental recreation and pabulum a volume of Landor's Imaginary .Conversations' ? tho identical volume which he had cast with such disgust a yard from him on the damp turf. It is nil very well for the poet to sing tho glories of ' an empty sky, a world of heather.' Something of the nimbus of the said sky and heather is owing not a doubt to the journeying along ' together,' which form» so apt a rhyme and corrollary to the heather. But when a man for all companionship has to turn to a volume of ' imaginary conversations'; when the sky is empty only because it has been pour ing its clouds in buckets upon the wintry fields for weeks past ; when the purple of the heather has been thoroughly washed out of it, its stems brown and well worn down by fog-wrapped November's heavy tread, things wear a different aspect, and their halo disappears. Under such circumstances a man is apt to say to himself : ' Let me see, who do I know within ten miles of this deadand alive heath ?' and to hail with de light even the whistle of the plouah boy at the tail of bis plough, knowing that it heralds the approach of a human being. i _ Frank did so, at any rate. Cudgel ling his brains to think whereabouts in the neighbourhood he could light upon a friend, he could recall only the name of Dr. Meredith of tho Manor House, an old friend of his father and mother rather than of ln's num. ' I know he has only lately bought the place,' he cogitated. ' I wonder if his name is known about here.' He interrogated the whistling plough-boy on the olher side of the hedge. The boy jerked his thumb in the direction of a red roof showing among the all but leafless trees. ' Thear be the Manor House away down thear, th' other side o' them woads,' said the lad in broad Dorset dialect. Then he jerked his head in the direction of a small gate which opened off the field he was ploughing. ' Thease be the doctor's fields, thear be the' orchard ; there's a short way through th' orchard up to'the house.' And on he went with his plough again. Frank naturally njade his way across the field to the small gate. But what was this ? Was this tangly wilderness of weed and briar to be .dignified with the name of orchard P Why, he had to fight right and left to make way for himself through the interlacing lower boughs of plum, apple and pear trees. Tho place could have known nothing of pruning knife for at least a score oi years. Raspberry bougliB caught at his coat sleeves as he went . along ; gooseberry branches essayed to trip him up ns they trailed aoross the path, claiming kinship with the tall thistles and noxious weeds which disputod the ground there between them. Frank's thoughts flow to the over grown, wood which s'urrounded the sleeping-palace of fairy renown. 1 It's not a ' wall of green,' because it's all hut leafless,' he said to him self 1 ' but, heavens ! what a tangle it must be in the summer. Tho doctor was always a little strange ; no doubt his eccentricities have grown upoa hirn; 'And' I;should say h(i was still ?a bachelor.' ' i '-'.' ''.?',' .. ', : ? Above tho ragged fruit trees, the red-brick f rontage'of the Manor House showed in the hazy November light. It. was a large jjsquaror.built edifice of tho Dutch style brought into vogue by William and _Mary, :and it had a wofully neglected appsarauce; What struck Frank, moat was the de« sorted ? look of tho ? topmost story. Not a sign of liFe or occupation was to bo seen there. On the 'floor .'.beldw signs of habitation ehowed fitfully, the windows only being curtained at intervals. .. The orchard led by anuther gate' into a stretch of what' rnu^t/once have been a.wielllaid but flower garden, but which was now every wit an desolate and run-to-seod as the orchard itself. This led up to an illpaved, noglected terrace with moss-grown steps, and broken or overturned stone vases and statuettes. Tho principal entrance to the house opened off this terrace, and the windows of the chief sitting rooms looked out on it ; but although here and there warm winter-curtains and glimpses of flickering fires showed through the panes, the conviction grew stronger in Frank's mind that the doctor was still a bachelor. Every where there were lacking those minute signs of love for the beautiful and artistic which are supposed to be the imprint of feminine fingers. Frank looked dubiously at tho door bell. 'I wonder if any one will answer it if I ring ?' ho thought, and realiy, under the circumstances, a door-bell seemed something of an incongruity. A mystic word, written on the lintel, ' on the repetition of which the door would turn on its hingeB, would have seemed more in accord with the unconventional and fantastic sur roundings. Patience Meredith, the doctor's orphan niece, sat in the window-seat of her morning room with a long string of amber beads between her fingers. She was a tall, slender girl between eighteen and twenty, with a very pale, clear skin, deep, shining gray eyes, and glossy black hair, which she wore so low on her forehead that it seemed to rest on her eyebrows. For teeth nature had given her a double row of pearls, and to let these off to a still greater advantage, had further endowed her with two be witching dimples on cheek and chin. Sbe was dressed in some dark green stuff, with a great deal of black lace worn high about the throat. Into this black lace the feet of a white cockatoo with lemon crest had got entangled ; and the creature was making frantic efforts to free itself, with flapping of wings and ear-pierc ing shrieks, when the servant opened the door and announced 'Mr. Char teris.' What with tho bird's wild noise and the close attention she was bestowing on her beads, the girl did not at first look up. ' Be quiet, Jack !' she was Baying ; ' you've put me out in my cotintiDg again. I declare you shall go back to your cage.' Then she became aware of Frank's presence and jumped up, sending the bird with a fine flutter off her shoulder. ' I hope to goodness she wasn't saying her prayers over those beads,' thought Frank, as he came forward, asking if Dr Meredith was at home. ' He is at home,' answered Patience, ' but I daren't disturb him. He is in his study. Pray come in and sit down. I dare say he'll come in in about balf an-hour's time to luncheon. I hope you' don't mind waiting.' Frank answered that waiting would be fl, very great pleasure to him ; ad ding a devout hope that he had not disturbed the young lady in any way. This with a pointedly inquiring look at the string of amber beads. Patience laughed. ' Disturbed me. Oh, no ! I was only telling- my fortune. This year — nest year — now — never ! Don't you know?' Of course Frank pleaded ignorance, and Patien'co had to explain, the whole thing to him. 1 You take up your .beads at ran dom, and scloct as many as you like without counting them. You must be euro not to count them, and if you cheat, of course it's not telling your fortune at all.' 'And what event does the 'this year — next year — now — never !' refer to, may I ask ?' This with a stolid look of ignorance on his face. Patience flushed a pretty red, and began to feel that ' she was being led on. 'Just to anything you like,' she answered, with a toss of the head ; 'to anything you want very much. If you were a sailor, don't you see, you'd tell your beads to find out when you'd be an admiral ; if you wore a curate, when you'd be a bishop, and so on ; and if you were a girl like me, shut up' in a big, dreary house, you'd toll your beads to find out when you'd got out oEit.' All this time Frank had been steadily looking at her. 'I'm Eure you are Mies Meredith, the doctor's niece,' he said as she finished speaking, ' from you. likeness to your mother's picture; My mother has it at hoino. She and your mother were very great friends iu thoir early days.' Naturally they felt upon easy and friendly terms after this. Patience told him how that she had been only a few days home from school. ? Undo Itiohard has beeu goodness itself to me, but always kept meat school— made me even spend my holidays there. This is my first glimpse of home aud home lifo, and — ' hero she hesitated, broke off, began again, then added ; ' And if it were not for Jack','*'!' shouldn't know what to do with mysqlf,'' ;: [??'- ; 'Jack is a liandsbmo vfellq-.v,' said Frank, trying, to.-- make ^advances of friendship with him,-. which tho bird, perched now upon upon the top of the cage indignantly repelled. 'Where does he come from ?'?' ' Uncle Hichard says became from Leadenhall Market, but I don't believe Jack — that's my cousin, my only . cousin, a- midshipman, who gave the bird to me^would play mo such a shabby tricks as pretend to bring it for me all the. way from Australia.when he. had only gone into a London::market^for it.' ?. ' ? ? ?'.?' Ah,.' midshipmen - do funny things sometimes!' ; — . j . ' But not that sort of funny thing,-', she protested indignantly; 'I'm cer tain Jack wouldn't bo so contemptible. He's a thorough sailor — everything that's noble, and frank and generous. 1 adoro sailors ; don't you. ?' 'I don't know. Do you mean in tho abstract or in the concrete ?' Patience though for a moment No ; she wouldn't tell him that bIio had only had a boayding-school oJucation, and didn't know what he meant 'Why, in midshipman's uniform, of course,' she 'ariswered brightly. 'What else could I ineah ? I told you Jack was a midshipman.' 'Oh, midshipmen are too microsco copic to have an opinion about,' said Frank loftily. Patience was put out, and shewed it. Not however, by a biting retort, but by walking straight to Jack's cage, taking him ou her fingers, and say ing, between showers of kisses : 'Dear, darling old Jack ! I don't know what in the world I should do without you 1' Frank was very penitent. 'I suppose it must be horribly dull for you here; You've no near neigh bors, have you ?' he asked, all anxiety to atone for any slight he had seemed to pass upon the. members of the young lady's favourite profession. 'Not a visitable soul within fifteen miles ! The darling old pet it was !' This-to the cockatoo. ' The house does seem a little cut off from the world — a trifle quiet, I meanj' said Frank, feeling he was speaking very much within the mark. ' Not that.' ' Dreary, gruesome, perhaps ?' 'No.' ' Worse than that even ! I'm at a loss then. Please give me the right word.' Patience lowered her voice to a solemn whisper. ' It's — it's church-yardy,' she Baid ; 'there's no other word for it. Oh — h!' This was added with a visible start, as the door opened at this moment and the doctor made his appearance. (To lie Continued.) 