TATTERSALL'S CLUB MEETING. FIRST DAY. BY PEGASUS. The first day's racing of Tattersall's Club took place yesterday week under most favourable auspices. A pleasant breeze tempered the heat of the day, and the usual dust, generally 10 prevalent at Eagle Farm, was conspicuous enly by it* absence. The attendance of the public wm quite up to the average of a first day's racing, and when the Oup wm run for there must have been fully 4000 people on the ground. Capital order wa« kept by the police, and, with the exception of one man being run over on the coune, and Mai* vern falling and injuring himself severely in the Trial Stakes, everything passed off well. The arrangements made by the officials were as near perfect as possible, and certainly the Press received consideration most unusual at Eagle Farm. The great feature of the day was the starting, and too much praise cannot be given to Mr. 0. H. Holmes, who handled the flag in the most masterly manner. He was certainly not afraid of going in front of his horses, and is evidently aware that the secret of good starting is to get all his field on the move before the lowering of the flsg. The boys evidently appreciated the new official, for they gave him little trouble, with the conse quence that all the starts were good, while one or two, particularly that for the Selling Race, were faultless. The start for this last named race was made facing the stand, whose occupiers raised a cheer as the field went off in • perfect line. An innovation, and a very good one, was that after every race the horses filed before the judge's box before weighing in. Some little trouble was caused at the com mencement of the racing by an attempted col lection of the ridiculous fines imposed by the starter at the last Q.T.O. meeting. lam in formed that these are all likely to be remitted, and if so, surely Tattersall's stewards might have spared the trouble of acting as collector. The first event on the card was the Trial Stakes, for which Whirlwind was a strong favourite. Miss Newbold, however, showed unexpected pace, as she led all the way. The finish was a splendid one, as Paradox was only beaten by a short head, and tho little thought-of Ascot was barely a length away. After the race Mr. Jost laid an objection against Miss Newbold, on the ground that she had won over 50 soys. and was therefore not qualified to start. Tbe facts of the case were these. Miss Newbold walked over for the Sires' Produce Stakes at Rockhampton on 17th June. The nominal amount of the prise wai 160 soys., but of this 60 sots, went to the nominator of sire, and as Miss Newbold walked over, the club ocly gave half too remainder—namely, 50 soys. From this the entrance money had to be deducted, which loft the not amount under £50. The Q.T.O. rule on this point is very explicit, aa it states "In estimating the value of a race there shall bo deducted the amount of the winners over stake and entrance, and any money payable to other hones or out of the stakes by the condition of the race." The stewards gave the matter a very pationt con sideration, and eventually dismissed the pro test. During the race Malvern fell at the back of the course, and it is feared is seriously in* jured. The Maiden Hurdle R%ce was, as I anticipated, a lottery, as Native Rose fell, and Bachelor tumbled over her when turning into the straight the last time. The race would evidently have been between them, but the mishap left Graftoo, who I hear was sold to Mr. J. G. Barker before the race, to win at his ease. The riders of Bachelor and Native Rose were fortunately none the worse for their fall. After a good luncheon had been fully dis cussed the Three-year-old Handicap came on for decision. Fano, Graceful, and Le Grange were absentees, leaving five to face the starter. Theorist, capitally handled by Walsh, won a good race from Paradox, who was again unfor tunate in running into a second position. Whirlwind a?»in failed to flatter his backer*, while Miss Newbold, who was troubled with the weight, was never dangerous. As soon as this event was over the Cup horses became the objects of interest, and all of them, except perhaps Lcinater, had a circle of admirers. Mr. Finnie's black mare, always the popular favourite, looked well, and as her owner seemed pretty confident she was speedily in« ■tailed in the position of first favourite in spite of her heavy impost. Fano was, perhaps, the most fancied of the others, and the Derby winner looked well and fit, taking matters very coolly and quietly. Yabba Appeared a bit fretful Mia abov* himself, while Friendless looked, if any thing, a bit big. No fault could be found with the appearance of Pirate, who seemed trained to the hour. Leinster, the reputed mtler, stood neglected in a corner, but Laurel 11. had a select following, who thought the "all maroon" was destined to pull off the first event of the double. As a race, this was perhaps the worst contested of the lot, as Leinster led bit field at such a pace as to cause them to string out before half the distance had been accomplisbad. Up to • mile and a-half Fano ran well, but here he vw done with, and Pirate vindicated public form (which, by-the-way, badly required vindicating) oy win King by a length from the outsider, Yabba being third, while the othen were all hopelessly out of it. The time, 3min« 39i*ec., is very good, and Pirate thus surpassed his performance with Bonnie Bee and Folly* Friendless broke down badly in the race or he might have run up closer. The winner was capitally ridden by Fred. BrightwelL, who timed his final rush with great judgment. Tlm totalisator paid the good dividend of £7ls» which is remarkable considering how well treated Pirate bad been by the handicapped The Selling Plate brought a fair field of six to the poet. Havelock was very sore and unable to move. Merrijig was accordingly made favourite, and he justified the* good opinion of his supporters in winning all the way from Marl* tana. Warkworth ran well, finishing third! and appeared to be going faster than any of them at the finish. The winner was put up to auction and bought in by his owner for U guineas. The Publicanr' Purse though the last was by no means the least Friction was, however* made a strong favourite, the secret of his pit capabilities having been duly spread abroad. Moreover, he ran up to his reputation, as nothing was la the hunt with him, and he won pulling double from Fiction, who came up well in the straight. This brought a good day's racing to a dose. Evtfy detail was well attended to by the OOM* mittee and secretary, and there could be) nothing to complain of on the score of manage* ment There was a good deal of the usual gram* bling at the totalisator, and the men in ohargv seem perfectly incapable of working the machine at present in use without committing the most annoying blunders, which, by-thc«way, art never rectified. The old system might have been slow, but at any rate it was sure, and when one asked for a ticket on a certain horse, a ticket on another was never given. The president of the club, Mr. Callaghan, officiated ably as judge, Mr. Muggridge kept the course well, while Mr. Butcher, as clerk of the scales, and Mr. Fiynn as timekeeper, fava every satisfaction. The following Is the detailed account of the racing :T Trial stakes of 70 soys., with a sweepstakes of I soys. eanh from starters; second horse to receive 10 soys. from the prize; for all horses which at date of general entry have not won a prise of 80 soys. Special welgnt*: Two-year-olds. Set. Mb.; three-year-olds. 7st. 121b.; four-year-olds, Bst 41b.; five and upwards, Bst 81b.; winner of any raee> valve SO soys. after entry to carry 71b. penalty; the winner of two races value 00 soys.. or oae worth 100sovs., to carry 101b. penalty; 'Hitanfttt 7 furlongs, j. Finale's b.l Hiss Newbold. 3 years. Tst. 71b <W. Blaoklock) 1 J. P. Jost's b.c. Paradox, 3 years, 7st. lJlb. «• .... x .. .. .. (Broom) S O. Hogan's br.b. Ascot, 4 years, Sat. lib. .. (Hogan) I H. B. Hales ns. b.h. Fiction. 5 years, Sit Bib, _ .. .. .. o J. J. Lennon's b.b. Malvern. 6 years, tot 81b. .. 0 W. Armstrong's ch.g. Lavender, 6 years, Bst» 61b .. o H. a. Walsh ns. br.m. Zenobia, 4 yean, 7«t. 131b. .. n J. Wllliams's bo. Whirlwind. 3 years, 7st Mb. 0 J. M'GtU'p b.f. Jasmine. 2 years, 6st 131b. (In cluding 81b. over) o Betting : sto 2v. Whirlwind, 4 to 1 Miss Newbold, 6 to 1 Paradox and Fiction. After several attempts, in which Whirlwind made himself very conspicuous, the flag fell to a good start. Miss Newbold soon showed in front, followed by Jasmine and Whirlwind. At the back of the course Miss Newbold still led. with Whirlwind second, Jasmine third, and Paradox fourth. Here Malvern stumbled and fell, injuring himself badly. Coming round the turn Mia Newbold led, but Paradox came with a good run in the straight, and Ascot also shooting up on the outside, a splendid finish ensued between the three, Miss Newbold winning by a short head from Paradox, with Ascot close up. A protest was lodged ly Mr. Jost against Miss Newbold for having won a prize over 50 soys., bnt was subsequently dis missed. Time, lmin. 34isec Maidk v Hurdle R*c« of 75 soys., with a sweep, stakes of 2 soys. each from starters; second hone IS soys. from the prize; for all horses that have never won a hurdle race or steeplechase; 71bk over welter weigat for age; distance, about Ift mile. W. H. Barker's ch.g. Grafcon. aged, lint 81b. __••, •• -, • (Woods) 1 w. Armstrong's ohg. Lavender, 5 years, list. 81b. •• (Davie) 2 J« Greenwood's br.g. Newbold, 5 years. Hat. Stth .. .. (Hetfernan) 3 M. Quirk's b.g. Bachelor, 6 yra.. Il6t. Blb. _•• •• , <Qulrk> fell J.Graham's b.m. Native Rose, fiyoara. Hat 81b. „ (Bourkc) fell Betting: 6to 4v. Bachelor, sto 2 Native Rose. The fl»g fell to a (rood start, Bachelor leading, but at the turn Native Rose went to the front, the whole lot taking the first; fence without mis take, but at the next hurdle Bachelor hit but was well recovered. In tho straight. Native Rose led, with Lavender second. Grafton third, Bachelor fourth, and Newbold last. Grafton ran into second place after passing the stand, •ad at the hack of the courso Bachelor wept up •ad raced Native Rose for the lead. Native Rose went away from him again, but at the hurdle at the half-mile struck and foil, and Bache lor following foil over her. The two leaders being out of it Lavender and Grafton camo on together, and the former being in trouble in the straight Grafton won by throe lenofths, Newbold a bad third. Time, 3tnin. Bsec. Totalisator paid £911s. Three-year- old Handicap, of 100 soys., with sweepstakes i«f 2 soya. eich from starters; flecond horse to receive 20 soya. from the prize; for all three-yoir-olda; distance, 1 mile and a forlong. H. Hunter1* bo. Theorist, by Wellington— Theorem, Bat 71b (W a l»h> I J. P. Jojfs he. Paradox. 7Rt. 51*. (J. Raiilj-) 2 J. Russell's br o Norman, 6-it. 101b. ..(Burn) 3 J. Willliamß'rtbo Whir wild. Bit.7lb. . 0 J. Finnie's b.f. Miss Nowbold, Bst 0 Betting: 2to 1 Theorist, sto 1 Whirlwind and Paradox. The flag fell to a splendid start-. Paradox led, followed by Whirlwind and Theorist. Pasijing the stand they kept the Bams order, but at the quarter-milo Theorist went up to aecond place, and Norman slho improved his position. At the back the field all closed up, Miss Newbold being laßt, Attbe half-mile Paradox led, Norman second, with Theorist third, and Mi»s Newbold fourth. Turning into the straight Tncorisfc led, and a good race en sued between him and Paradox, the former, well ridden by Walsh, winning by haMalengtb. Time, 2min, 2£scc. Tattkrsalt/* <",up. value 100 soys. (proiontod by C. J M Caffery Keg.) and 700 soys. added by the club, with a bweepstukes of 3 snv«, each from ■tarter*; second hort»=» to ri>oeiv« 40 boy*. and th'rd horde 20 aovs. f om the prizs; distance, 2 miles. J. M'GiU's br « Pirato, by Westminster -Perl. 6 years, Bsc. lib (BHajhtwell) 1 F. Armstrong's bpr. Leinster, by Warlike— Piiradox, 6 yenre 7*t. (Wad-'le) 2 J, Williama's ch.h Yabba, by Melbourne— Yfllina, 4 yours. Bst. lib .. .. (B Fox) 3 J. Flnnte'a bl in. v*y Live, aared, 9<t 41b. 0 A. V. Robertson's bl h. Friendless, aged. Set. 111b... 0 M. Duraok'a br.h. Quamboneßon, 5 yean, Bst. B'b .0 O. J Burtoa'd eh h. His Worship, 6 yeara, 7st. 1811» 0 A. Barrington's br o. Fano 3 years. 7st. 41b ..0 J. P. Jost's oh.m Lturel 11.. 5 yews, 7st .. 0 6\. Burgess's b.h Phoenix, aged, 6st. 121b. .. 0 Betting :4to 1 My Love, 5 to 1 Fano and Yabba, 6 to 1 Pirate, 10 to 1 others. After one or two breaks-awav the flag fell to a Rood start. Pirate, Phoenix, Yabba, and Lein ■ter going on in that order. They kept these positions passing the bridge, but soon after Leinster wont to tho front, with Phoenix next and Pirate third, followed by Yabba. His Wor ■hip, Lsurel 11., My Love, Fano, Friendless, and Quamboneson last. At the half-mile Leinster still led, and Yabba began to draw up to the leaders. They turned into tho straight in the same ordnr, and bo passed the stand. At the bridge, Leinster still led. and Laurel 11. improved her position, but soon after Pirate ran into second plac». At tho half-mile the order was Leinster, Pirate, Phoonix, Fano, His Worship. Friendless. My Love ; the others tailed off. Round the turn Pirate gob en Leioster's girth and when fairly in the straight pawed him after a capital race, win ning by a good length, the rest of the field palling ud. Time, 3min. 39£jec Totalisator paid £7 la. Selling Plate of 75 pots; the winner to be •old by auction immediately after the race for 100 sovp.; weight for ago; 71b. allowed for each reduction of 20 nova, on the selling price, dowa to nil; any surpiuß to be equally divided hotwron tho owuer of the seoond hone *»nd th» club; distance 1 inilo. C. B«ker'a bl.h. JMerrijig. G yoars <£40>. 7st. Bib (Ford) 1 J. Finnlo'a b.m, Maritana. aged («Go>, 7st. ,ll'h (W. B a-klonk) 2 J. o'Neill's gr.g. Warkworth, aged (£2O). flit. 131b (Waddlo) 3 J. M'OMl'b br.g. Privateer. 5 years (£10). 7*t. 61b. 0 J. Willlimo'H bh. Friday. 4 years (£2n> 7st. .. 0 J. Harrison's bh. Havelock, aged fail). B^t 9'b. 0 H. A. Walsh'o br in. Zonobiu, 1 yoarb {nil), Cit. 2«b. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. 0 The fl*g fell to a splendid start. Morrijig went off in front, followed by Friday, with Warkworth and Privateer last. At tho back Mernjig led, with Z -nobia second and Friday third. This order was continued to tho turn, when Maritana drew up and Warkworth began to come on the outside. Murrijig led into the straight and won comfortably by three lengths from Mariana. Warkworth being a good third. Time, lmtn. 4G.?hpc. Thk Publicans' PcßSwof 150 soya. (oresented by tb* Brisbane Ltcrnßed VfatuaPer.'), added to a Handicap Swcep*take3 of 3 boys puch :r;m the startera; focond horpo to receivi3o soys. third noise 20 sovp., from tho priz?,; dißtunce. 1J mile.. C. Baktr'w ch.g. Ftinion, by Melboumn— Flfl^ot. B yeara. 7bt. l2l>. .. . (Kurd) 1 H. U. Hales na. bh. Ficiion, br Murio— Flrat FliKht 5 yo»re. On. 101b . (vVoode) 2 H. A. Walsh's in.be 'iheomt, by Welling ton—lheoron, 3 yean. 7tt. 21b., including over (-«. Dam) 3 J. Willinms'd eh h. Yabba. 4 years', Bat. 3lr>. „ o O. R. J mos'n ch.h. Freeaom. 6 jears 7st 12ib .. 0 A. Barrinston'strc Fano. 3 years. 7-t. 7ib. .. 0 J. O^oiK'iSgrg. Warkworth aged, 7st.slb. .. 0 Betting: 6to 4v. Friction, 2to 1 Yabba, 4 o 1 Theorist After several attempts the fltg fell to a good start, Fano leading, with Friction second. At theturuthtsn two wero come way in front of the rpst of Hie field, but Friction led into tho straight, Fano being second and Freedom third. At the half mile post Theorist run up to fourth place, and turnin" into the straight Friction led. followed by Yabbs. and Thoorist, with Fiction coming fast. Fiction passed Yabba and Throriit, but ceuld never reach Friction, who w^n wiMi ridiculous case by a length. Time, 2noin. 4£.}scc. Second Day. Though the morning was dull and rain seemed tr-van nine tho clcuds onl." prrved ♦'• maks Svurday aucri ">on:s ,-;.ui;e";r L\t.',o Farm move ci jo>i»ble. ii.t-ro *i.s, matt.., but one feature wnich in a considerable degree de- 1 tracted from the interest in the racing, and that was, I am sorry to say, the weights which were issued on Friday night, and which were discussed on the course with no very pleasing comments. Two or three owners showed their appreciation of tho handicaps by at once scratching their horses for all engagements, and it is a remarkable fact that the horses that were penalised to such a remarkable extent belong to those who invariably run their horses out, and on whom the public cm always rely for an hdneafc run for their money. The natural consequence of such treat ment must be that the few honourable men still on the turf will become disgusted and withdraw, and a direct premium will bo offered to the numerous others who are now making a fine art of dishonesty and chicanery. Though the Spring Handicap afforded a good race among a few of the horses left in, yet the error in the resoective weights allotted to Merrijij? and His Worship was so grossly glaring aa to be patent to any turf neophyte. But the mistakes in this handicap were quite cast into tho shade by the weight given to Leinster in the Flying Handicap, which simply made his owner a present of the race, and which he could hardly lose unless he wanted to. After the form and pace displayed by Leinster in the Cup, where, carrying 7st., he led his field at a merry bat for nearly the whole two miles, and finished second after a capital race, and after seeing Merrijig's win in the Selling Race, carrying 7st. 9ln, the handicapper gives Leinster only 7st. 81b. in the FJying Handicap, while he claps Bst. 131b on to Mr. Baker'd horse ;is it any wonder that Merry y.g was scratched and Leinster won in a common canter. Such gross errors as these, though they could hardly be excusable if tbo weight 9 had to be made in a hurry on the racecourse, as was formerly the case, had in this case no extenuating circumstances, u» there was abun dance of time for tho weights to be framed »nd revised tbreo or four times over before their publication. Tho most unpleasant comments were being made in the paddock, and if this sort of thing continues I am afraid the ranks of our horse-owners will be still further diminished. The attendance of the public was fairly good, though hardly equal to that of the pre ceding day. The Acting-Governor, Sir Arthur Palmer, and his friends arrived on the cjurse soon after lunch, and remained during the afternoon. The stringed band, which was located on the Grand Stand, played sonio good selections during 'he day, and all the different events, with the exception of the Hurdle Rice, went off well. Before the start for this race the members of the Ambulance Corps betook themselves to the half-mile post, where th« horses started, and thea rather ostentatiously spread out their apparatus in full view of the jockeys. Curiously enough, it was at this very point Newbold fell, rolling, over his rider, Lovoll, who was a good deal hurt, and was subsequently conveyed to the hospital. The first event on the card, the Spring Han dicjp, brought eight horses to the post, and tf these Phoenix was at once made favourite. He was, however, beaten on the pest by a head, the winner turning up in Freedom, a very speedy son of Warlike, and one who I fancy will give us some more sur prises on future occasions. Of the others, Ascot ran well for a time, as also did Drummer, whose condition when he returned to the paddock was something pitiable. Bandaged on three legs before the start, he made a strong pace for over half the distance, and ' then cracked up. After the race, he seemed lame on three legs, being barely able to walk, and it must be a long time before he will be able to race again. Certainly, he was not in a fit condition to start, having pulled up badly lame some mornings ago after a gallop with Pirate, and his racing ou Saturday can only bo considered a sheer piece of wanton cruelty. Before this race, Warkworth's name was up on the outside totalisator, but the horse, though not announced as scratched, did not start. ' The Jordan Stakes was the next event, and here a nice field of six youngsters faced the starter. Touchtone was a hot favourite, while the followers of tbo yellow »nd black supported Rose, the Q.T.C. Sapling Stakes winner, with much confidence. The son of Vespasian and Grey Ejperance, capi tally ridden by Wahh, won with the greatest ease, and it must have been only the fault of the starter that lost him the Sapling Stakes. He is a fine upstanding bay celt over sixteen hands, and his only fault is below the knees, or, as Sir Tatton Sykes used to say, "He does not stand quite pretty on his legs." If te trains on he should mako a grand three year-old, as his quality seems far and away superior to any of his opponents on this occasion. Mr. Finaie'n pair. Rose and Lurline, were con spicuous in the rear, while the Darcbin-Mus Pitsford filly was never formidable. Jasmine ran well, but she is a bit overdone, and the surprise was the capital performance of Mr. Brayford's Sir Anthony, by Epigram, out of Th« Nun, who, his owner informs mo, has only been in work a few weeks. His nniabing second was undoubtedly a great performance, and he is certainly a strong powerful colt, who will im prove with age. The penalties and allowances in this event are worth notice and imitation by other clubs. Luncheon was the next feature on the pro* gramme, and when this was over the bell rang for saddling up for the Hurdle Race. A good deal of interest was taken away from this event by the numerous scratching*, especially that of Friction, who with all hia weight could hardly have lout. Tho raco then resolved itself into a match between Bosun and Dynamite, as Newbold's chance was a very poor one. There waa a capital race between the gray and tho chestnut up to the last hurdle, when Woods foolishly left the inside running to make for a hurdle that had been struck by Newbold the previous round, and which was leaning hal f over. Dynamite camo straight on, taking the hurdle in front cf him, and then the inaide running, but now Bo'uun, who certainly had the foot of him at this juncture, headed him, and, taking the insido running again, passed the post first, both horses being much dis tronaed. A cross, a very palpable cross, was tho verdict on the grand aUnd ; but I hear the rider ot D>naiuite complained of a jostle at the back of the course as well. The inevitable protest was lodged, and the ate wards took so long a tiino to ooo.iklcr their decision that the n*xt event was more than half-an-hour late. The race was eventually given to Dynamite, and I must ?ay 1 consider the decision a correct one. Tuough Mackenzie lost hid whip Kud^ _vyj»B not. ttblc to tini.'i!i so vigorously v» hit O}>ooi,«m, y» r, n u rut- wtipbn, to ere can be no uoubt in%t iio'aun, who was) tar from well, h»d the best of it. As before mentioned, a long wait ensued before the start for the biff event of the day— the Australian Plate—3 miles, and the horses paraded the lawn for some time. Ajax was the first to appear, followed by Pirate, Petrouel, Yabba, and Pbcunix. The sup porters of Ajax, Pirate, and Potronel wnre all very confident of success, and though Yabba had some adrairera Phoenix was utterly neglected in the paddock. Yabba cut out the dacb in capital Btyle for over two miles. Potronel w«« the first of the favourites to cry enough. The extra mile seemed a bit too far for Pirate, and when Ajax headed Phoonix bnlf-a-mile from home the race looked over. However, the outsider soon went to the front again, and was never afterwards headed, passing the pout first amidst the most unwonted excitement. The bookmakers were jubilant, throwing up their bead goar, and kicking them about, which plainly testified that some of them had performed that pleasing operation (to them) called " skinning thelamb." Bickers looked, on tho other hand, grave and glum—for all the doubles were spoilt and all the fat in the fire. Alas for the uncertainty of the turf and human expecta tion- Hope tells a flittering tnle. ueluelve vain and hollow. Ah, let not hope prevail. Lest disappointment follow. If there had been a thundering lot of hope before the race there was evidently an immense amount of disappointment afterwards, and though the " hope that springs eternal" will doubtless bring up the punters for the next big doubles in April and May, yet it will bo some time before the defeat of Patronel and Pirate will be sufficiently digested. There was certainly little to choose between the appearance of the favourite*. Pirate looked none the worse for his Gup victory, while Ajax looked particularly strong and muscular, and Pctronel seemed a ball of muscle, and as fit as hands could make him. Phoouix, to tell the truth, I did not look at before the race, passing him by on the other sido as a horse without tho ghost of a show. Though he only had 6it. l'ilb. to carry, he had run a severe race with Freedom in the morn ing, for the Spring Handicap, carrying 7at., and this makes his P;ate performance all the more meritorious. He is an aged horse, by Beadsman—Ailsea, the dam of many winners of rnorothan average merit. Pccoiix'a best performance hitherto was his defeat of Leger demain some years ago, but he haa otherwise been a rather uncertain if not a mediocre per-, former. Nevertheless, he has always been run straight, and 1 fancy his win was as great a surprise to his owner as to anyone on the ground. A protest lodged against Ptacenix by the rider of Ajax on the ground of crossing was very properly dismissed. The totalisator paid something over £10 on this event. Only four starters came to the post for the AU-aged Stakes; My Love, who had declined the long-distance race, throwing down the gauntlet to Ormond, Friction, ana Fano. This race was again a most interesting one, as they all kept well together, but the black mare won very easily, and according to this running she is able to give Friction and Ormond about 71b. on this distance. Friction disappointed me, but his form can now be estimated to a pound, and to give Ormond 31b. and a beating is by no means a bad performance. Fano ran up well, but was never dangerous, and I am afraid all our three-year- old a are very moderate. Little need to be said of the last race of the day, the Flying Stakes, as Leinator, chucked in as he was, won in a canter in splendid time (for Queensland). The concluding event of the meeting generally produces a big field and an exciting race, but this was, from the causes before mentioned, an unfortunate exception to tho rule. Tho starting during the day was again very good, and I trust Mr. Holmea'a services will be retained by other clubs. It becomes quite a treat not to have to chronicle a succession of had starts, and if the handicapping could only bo done as well a great impulse would be given to our local racing. Though some of the races wcro started behind time, the arrangements were otherwise well carried out, and the various officials performed their responsible duties in a very satisfactory manner. From a racing, and I hope, from a pecuniary point of view, the meeting haa been agreat success, and tho racing throughout has been of a straightforward description, which is an agreeable change and novelty for Eagle Farm. A word of praise must be given to the race-books, well printed and got up by Black, Keid, and Co. The giving the results of the first day's racing, with weights and distances, was much appreciated by the public. The following is the detailed account of the racing :— Spring Handicap of 75 bovb . with a sweep eUkes of 2povk. eacn from starters; second hone 10 soys. from tho prize. 1 mile and a furlong. O. R Jones's cn.n. Freedom, 6 years, 7st. 9io. <!?ord) 1 O. Fturgon'e b.h Phcealx, aged, 7st (J. Burns) i J. Finnifc'u b.ni. Maritana, aged. 7»t. 01b. <W. Blaoklock) 3 C. Bhker'n bl h. Aforrijl«r, 6 years, Bst. 101b. .. 0 M. Quirk's oh tf. Drummer, agod, 7»t. Gib. .. 0 H. B Uales ns. bh. Fiction, 5 years, 7st. 41b... 0 J. P. Jobt'd b.o Paradox. 3 years 7st 0 C. Hogon's br h Ascot. 4 years, Gat 131b. .. 0 Betting: 2tol v. Phoßnix, sto 1 Aacot, 10 to 1 others. The flag fell to a good start. Drummer led, followed by Freedom and Phconix. Aacot went to the front as soon as the stand was passed, but at tho bridge Drummer again deprived him of his lead. At tho back of the course Drummer was done with, and Ascot led, being soon after joined by Mcrrijig and Phcunix. At the half-mile Ascot and Merriji^ were in front, but at tho turn for home Phoenix drew up, Maritana took a better position, and Freedom made a great run on the outside. Fairly in the straight, tho race lay between Pboooix and Freedom, and after a capital finish Freedom won on the post by a head, Mwitana being a fair third. Time, lmin. 59$« c. Tdk Jordan Stakes, o! 150 soya., added to a swoepatikes of 3so vs. uach from starters; second horse 25 soys. and third taorsa 10 * ova from the prize; for all two year olds; colts Sat vlb . fillies and geldings Bst; tbo winner of thoSpritJt? S»p in^ Brake* to cirry 101b penalty; of any other raoo the valu» of 5J sovu, to curry 71b. penally; of two value £50 ur ono value £IOJ. to carry 10.b. prnaity: an illowance of 31b. to all colts and ft.lies whoHO dam i havo never brod a winner; rtintiince d fu'lonns?. 11\. Wilah nn br c. Touchstone, by Ve^puflian— Grey ►sperance. Bst. sib .. .. »\V'ai?h 1 T Hmyford'rt eh c M • Anthony by Kpiifram— Nun (<u». tLlluwnncc), But. 2ib. .. (Forney) 2 J. .M Gi'iN br. Jasiul/.': by Reßpite Jusett mino Hib. jiUowance) 7-:t. lllb. .. (Parrel1.) 3 .). Kinau-'sj I)'1 1 Ho.-o br M'o'..tcr Radiance (including ji.'ih p .laltyl So . lOifc. .. 0 J. X J tbt> br.f Mian PUaford, by Darobic— •Mibh Kttford. S*t. .. M. Webb's r.f. Clarionette, by Epigram— Gameo (.Ub allowance), 7st. Ulb 0 J. FioDlu'a bf. Lurline, by Guinea—Lapma, BaU 0 Betting: 5 to 4 v. Touchstone, 5 to 2 Bom and Miss Pitsford tally. A good start, Sir Anthony and Jasmine being the best away, Clarionotte last. At the back Walsh took Touchstone to the front, and at the half-mile the field were all together- Touch3tone led round the turn with Sir AnthoDy second and Jnsmine third. The race was now over, for Touchstone came on hard held, and won in a canter by four lengths, with Sir Anthony second and Jasmine third. Time, lmin. 2l£scc. Handicap Hurdik Race of 100 soys., with S weopsiakes of :< hovh. each from htarcers; seoond hor3e to reoe'.ve 20 soys- from the prize; distance, about 2J miles. W. H. Whitman's grg. Dynamite, aged, 9it. Clb (Mackenzie) 1 W. H. Barker's on.gr. Bo'eun, aged. list. 91b. (Woods) disq. J. Green wood's br.g. Newbold, 5 years, lOst (Lovell) fell Level money Bo'aun and Dynamite. Another good start Dynamite was the first to show in front, but he was soon steadied, and Newbold took the load, with the gray second. Coming into the straight Newbold struck the hurdle but was cleverly recovered. Passing the stand Newbold led, with Bo'aun second, and Dynamite last. Bo'aun went to the front at the quarter.mile, but at the hurdle at the half-mile Nowbold fell, rolling on bis jockey. Bosun now led Dynamite past the stand by about three lengths, but at the back Dynamite got on terms and the two raced for the lead, both horses being in trouble. At the turn Bosun was in front, and going for the hurdle that was partly knocked down lot Dyuamite up on the inside. Bosun, however, led into the straight and, taking the inside running, won after a capital finish by half-a-lcngth. Time, stnin. 7sec. A protest was lodpcd against Bosun for crossing, and he was disqualified, tho race being given to Dynamite. I HK ArSI'BALIAN PLATK, Of 3^o 80V8. (100 SOVi. presented by John Grettven, htq., and'2jO boys. from the club), added to a handicap »weet>Rtakes of 3 novri each from starterx; second hor&e; SO soys., aud third koree 20 aovs. fiom the prize; distance, 3 miles. G. Burgess's bh. Phoenix, aged, Gst. 121b, by Be j daman-Altee* (Ruraa) 1 T. Armstrong's b g. Ajar, aged, 7st. 131b.. by Warlike- Paradox (Waddel) 2 J. MO ill's br g. Hirate. 6 years, 7nt. I2lb . br WestrainetT-Perl .. .. (Orightwell) S J. P. J jut's br.h. Petronel, 6 years, Sat. 71b. (Kelllyi 0 J. Wllliama's ch.h Yabba. 4 years. Bat. (Fox) 0 Betting : 5 to 4 v. Pirate, 5 to 2 Ajax and Potroncl, 8 to 1 Phconix and Yabba. A fair start was effected, though Aj»xwa» last away. Yabba at once went to the front, and at the quarter- mile was followed by Petronel* Pirate, Phconix and Ajax, in tho order named. The same order continued to the straight* where Yabba kd by over three lengths. Passing tho stand Yabba had a long lead, followed by Petronel (pulling double), Phcunix, Pirate, and Ajax. At the quarter-mile post Pirate went up third, and at the back the field were all together excepting Ajax, who still brought up the rear. At the half-mile Yabba and Petronel were together, closely followed by Phoenix and Pirate. Yabba again led into the straight, closely followed by Petronel, but the latter was soon after at the whip, and Yabba now retired. At tho back Ajax made a run and led, with Phoenix second, followed by Pirate and Yabba, with Petronel last. Passing the half-mile Pirate made his effort, but Phoenix, who bad deprived Ajax of the lead, was first in the straight, and though all were at the whip up the straight Ajax could never quite get up, ana was beaten by a length, Pirate being a fair third, Yabba fourth, and Petronel last. Time, smin. 37£ sec. A protest was laid against Phojnix for crossing, but was dismissed. Allagkd Stakes of 100 soys.. with sweep stakes of 3 boys. each from starters; second hone to reocivo 20 boys. from the prize; weight for age; 1± mile. J. Jfiunie's blm. My Lovo, aged. Bat. 12lb. (W. Blaoklock) 1 C. linker's ch.g. Friction. 6 youra, 9it, .. (Ford) 2 J. P. Jost's cb.h. Ormond, 5 years, 9at. 3b. (Welling) S A. Barrmgton's br.o. Fano 3 years, Bat 0 Betting: Level money Friction and My Love, 3 to 1 v. Ormond. The flag fell to a good start. Ormond led past the stand, closely followed by Friction, My Love, and Fano. Tho 6ame order continued round the back, but at the half-mile Friction closed up to Ormond. At the turn Friction and Ormond were together, with My Love third, and Fano close up. When fairly in the straight, My Love came through, and won, hard held, by a length from Friction, who boat Ormond by a head for second place. Time. 2nuin. Msec. Thk Flying Handicap of 75 soys.. with sweep stakes of 2 Bove. each from starters; second horse 15 soys. from the prize; distance, 1 mile. Mn trnnce. 1 uov.; acceptance. 2 soys. at ccale. W. Armstrong's b.g. Leinuter, 6 years, 7st. 81b. (Waddel) 1 O. K. Junes'a oh h. Freedom, 6 yeara, 7st. lOib (mcKor) 2 O. Hogan's br.h, Awcot, i years. 7st. .. (Burns) 8 J. P. Jost'rf br.t. Gracwful. 3 years, 7st. 41b .. 0 H. B. Hales nn. b h Fiction, 5 yoars, 7at. 41b. .. 0 J. P. Jost's eh m. Laurel 11., 5 years, 7st 21b. .. t Betting : Level money Leinster, 5 to 2 T. Laurel 11., and 5 to 1 any other. After several breaks away, the flag fell to a fair start. Leinster at once went to the front, followed by Ascot and Fiction, while Freedom was last away. At the quarter- mile Leinster led, with Freedom secoud. Laurel 11. being last. At the back Leinster he-Id a lead of three lengths, followed by Freedom, Fiction, and Ascot. This order continued to the finish, Leinster winning with ridiculous easo by two lengths ; Freedom second, Ascot third, Fiction fourth, and Laurel 11. last. Time, lmin. The Settling. The sottling took place at the Australian Hotel l&st; Monday night. Mr. John Callajhan, president, handed cheques to the various winners as follows: —Mn O. Burgees, £255, and the Australian Plate; Mr. J. M'Gill, £200 and Tatter fall's Cup; Mr. C. Baker, £195; Mr. J. Finnic, £IS3 10<j.; Mr. W. Armstrong, £177 ; Mr. H. W»Uh, £13G ; Mr. H. Hunter, £110 l Mr. W. H. Whitman, £109; Mr. O. 11 Jones. k9i ; Mr. W. H. Jiarker, i.70; Mr. J. P. Jost, £30 ; Mr. H. B. Hale?, 130 ; Mr. T. Brayford, £25 ; Mr. J. Williams, £20; total, £103*109. It was stated that the club had between £200 and £300 in hand, thanks to the liberality of the donors of the cup and plate T-rmeti, and of th? publicans cf the district. Champagne having been ordered, the CUAIK* max proposed the health of "Tho Winners," ro which Mcjj/s. M'frill an<! i'iDnie rijpouded. Other toastd followed. "The Loser*" was tesponded to b Mr. J. P. Jo.st, Mr. J. Williams, and Mr. A. Babbinoion. The health of the " Donors of the Cup and the Plate" (Messrs. M'OafEery and J. Greaves), who it wm announced had been elected life members of the club, wan repondcd to by Mr. J. Greavks and Mr. J. Abrahams. •• The Visitors," pro posed by Mr. W. Flynn, was responded to by Mr. J. Thompson, who complimented the oommittee on all their arrangements, and said that outside of Sydney and Melbourne he had never seen better racing or better handicap* ping. Later in the evening Mr. Thompson promised to give the cup for the TattersaU's Cap race next December, a statement that was received with great enthusiasm. The health of "The Local Bookmakers" was proposed by Mr. E. Marks, and responded to by Messrs. W. Moonky, Kelly, Burton, and others. "The Publicans of Brisbano" was proposed by Mr. I. A. Phillips, who on behalf of the club thanked the licensed victuallers for their gift Of "The Publicans* Purse." Mr. P. White, in responding, said that he believed next year they could double the amount and make the prise £300. "The officials of TattersaU's 01ub"wM proposed in complimentary terms by Mr. Burton, and responded to by Mr. J. Oallaqhan. "Thn Olerk of the Scales^ (Mr. J. Butcher) and " The Starter" (Mr. 0. H. Holmes were proposed by Mr. J. Finnib, who referred to the juat way in which Mr. Butcher had superintended the weighing- out and weighing-in; and in speaking of Mr. Holmes amid his starting was in strong contrast with that at previous meeting?. Mr. Holmes, in responding, said that the secret of his success was that the owners, jockeys, and starters had •11 confidence in one another. Mr. Butcher also responded. " The Handicapper" was pro, posed by Mr. Burton, and responded to by Mr. Hayoarth. "The Chairman" and "The Press" closed the proceedings. 