rUE FLEMINGTON AND KENSI2G TON FIRE BRIGADE. The fourth annual concert in connection with the Flemington and Kensington Fire Brigade was held in the New Ball, New market, on Tuesday evening. The chair was occupied by Captain J. E. Rigby, and there was a crowded, and appreciative audience. The programme, a lengthy and attractive one, was commenced with the overture 'Waves of the Ocean,' by Miss Gibson, followed by a duet (serio-comic) 'Very Suspicious,' by Misses L. and E. Speakman.. Mr. R. Lindsay sang 'The Queen of tile Earth.' Mrs. F. Longmoere in 'Come Back to Erin' was loudlyl'ap. plauded, and Mr. S. P. Davis in his comic song, 'Fire Brigade,' in character, was both amusing and successful. Messrs. G. Illman and Son gave 'The Two Obadiah's' on their musical hand bells, which was muchappreciated, and Miss VioletNicholls, the infant wonder, gave a comic song, ' Selected,' in a most clover and original manner, and was loudly encored. Miss Green and Master Rigby played a violin solo, ' L'Elsie D'Amnore,' very nicely, and ?Mr. C. Brown sang 'Maid of the Mill' with his usual success. A comic song by Mr. J. Martin, and a banjo sketch, 'De Trouble begins at Nine,' concluded the first portion of the programme. After an interval, during which the Kensington Drum and Fife Band played selections, the second part was commenced by Miss Gibson with an overture nicely rendered. Mr. J. Martin sang a comic song, 'If I only knew how it was done,' and Mrs. Longmore, ' Bid me Good-bye,' both very successfully. Messrs. Illman and Son played ' Marching thro' Georgia' and other selections on the bells. Mr. R. Lindsay gave a song (selected), and the infant wonder, Miss Violet Nicholls, again ap peared in character in the comic song, ' M'Carthy's Mare,' and was so successful that she was obliged to respond to an encore. Mr. S. P. Davis sang 'Sweet heart and Wife's,' and Mr. J. Gay de livered a stump speech, 'Do milk in de cocoa nuts,' which created great imerri ment. The entertainment was brought to a close with the laughable farce of "The Ghost in the Pawnshop.' The result will be a considerable addition to the brigade funds, and Messrs. Babbage-and Tait, the joint secretaries, deserve congratulation on the success of their efforts. 