ENGLISH GOSSIP. (FROM OUR SPECIAL C01lltl!Sl'OXI)£NT.) LONDON, OCT. U. The winter season has begun, picture galleries are re- opening, the shutters of a few West End mansions are down, clubland is filling, gossip is becoming racy and a ' trillo scandalous, publishers' lists for the old year and the new are in the hands of possible buyers, dynamite throats are once more heard in the land, foreign politics are waking up, Ross' plays are promised and discussed, the country crowd at " The Colonies " is once more supplemented by the cookery " 'Arry and MB gal," and the great world of London is full of the new- season's life and bustle. Not that the weather is in sympathy with the social season. It ought to be cold, and wet, and foggy. It-is not. It is suicide, and fine, and funny. We are still in the midst of what the Americans would call an English " Indian summer." in Kent and Surrey and Devonshire they are glittering second crops of strawberries, while apple and other fruit trees are blossoming a second time. Perhaps this is the result of the threats of Australia to send us summer fruits in winter, which, at any rate, is quite as good an explanation of the phenomenal weather as many others that are put forward to account for "the glorious time we are having." It seems almost possible that we may have a sunny Lord Mayor's Day, instead of a fog through which the gorgeous procession usually creeps from the city to Westminster and back again. Whether it is fine or not the London Socialists are resolved to march in its roar. They are organising for this purpose, and their branches throughout England are preparing a petition to Lord Salisbury asking him to receive a deputation from them on Lord Mayor's Day, the object of the deputation being to call his Lordship's attention to the distress of the poorer classes, and to ask for the creation of public works for the purpose of of employing them, with this proviso, that the wages shall be fixed according to the regulations of the trades unions. here and there one gets a hint of a threat under cover of the Socialistic procession; but the police may be trusted to make efficient arrangements on this occasion for the protection of the public. " The art rage of the season" is to be the "Salon Parisien," so some of the minor gossips of the minor papers say. If " the art age " refers to the rage which may he excited against Van Boers, when London realises what he has provided for them, one can understand it. A more ghastly story has hardly over been seen in or out of Paris than this exhibition of the Salon Parisien. The gallery is arranged in a series of alcoves. Each picture has a place and a light of its osYii. The spectators are in comparative darkness. There is a sound of plashing water, and the place is pervaded with an odour of incense. Here and there are ghastly heads or masks, Their eyes and mouths are people holes." You look through them, and gave on decapitated men and women, blood- stained draperies, a man hanged, another cutting off' his own head. Presently you come upon a davie avenue, dimly lighted with a lamp. This tighe partially discloses a barrier and a door. Over the lamp is a notice that Von . Bears warns those who do not possess strong nerves to avoid this room. Of course you are fearless. Your nerves are of the required strength. You wish to enter. " One at a time," says a voice. It is a man who speaks. He is the painter. He raises the barrier. You enter. " Go straight up to the picture," says a voice behind you. But you are not to be dictated to. You will go " straight up when it pleases you. The room is dark. At the further end there is a picture of a half-draped skeleton, It is in a strong light You fool " sold." As a boy you have seen an even more terrible ghost than this thing constructed out of a broomstick, a shoot, and a turnip lantern. What you object to, however, most, as a man of respect for religion and the Divine story of Christ, are the words Ecce Homo painted above this ghastly joke. You now go " straight up to the picture," as requested by the mysterious voice. A board in the flooring gives under your tread and strikes automatically a gong at the same time two blazing eyes appear on either side of the frame. You examine this extra, illumination, and find something like a pair of gig lamps. Apart from this kind of folly there are several fine pictures in the gallery, but they are discounted by the rubbish in which they may be said to be lost It was the " Press view " yesterday. I mentioned in a former letter the anomalous position occupied by certain American ladies who have assumed to lead the fashion in London. Ladies from the other side of the Atlantic permit them selves a certain social freedom fashion English women would not dream of, and which, if they did. would not be allowed by their fathers, their mothers, their brothers, or even by their sisters, their cousins, or their aunts. AB I have previously suggested, the gossip of the English metropolis and the doings of British "notorieties" must be very precious to the American newspaper render. The New York papers fairly jingle with the so-called social news of London, most of which, however, is not now, and that which is now is, as a rule, not true. -At the moment they have Lord Lonsdale and Violet Cameron on the spot, and are interviewing them and the Cameron's husband to their hearts' content The result is not savoury, and it is not calculated to enhance the dignity of the British aristocracy-. It enables Mr. Edmund Yates to take fresh vengeance on the Lonsdale family for that old libel suit in which the present theatrical early triumphed over him even to the extent of looking him up. I am inclined to think Mr. Yates is justified in showing to the public the sort of lord it was who indicted him for libel. By the way, Yates and Labouchere are really at logged heads ; the. time politically. Yates' paper ha) part in its lot with the Government, and is an outlaw.. Sahsbnryite, while Truth and the DatJ has become more and more rabid in favour of the Pttrnll litt faction These two journals daily and sales are the only papers London that I know of which can be counted a- purely Gladstonian This _w" them a monopoly win, h just might think should draw large circulations as logiitUtho Daily News is well known in that its choralists support of Pirncllhu not lifted it over that city It to achieve which it discharged its former editor -and appointed in his place as Pftihtimentniv reporter Mr Lue}) This week it has been the laughing stock of England by inventing. Cabinet secret, and then, just as it was becoming famous for its supposed discovery giving it up and acknowledging its erT0: This is not like Labouchere s , but he does not control the Daily News He is only one of its proprietors. By the way, he has just been offered a considerable sum to go over to America and lecture If he had accepted (which he has not) the Americans would have had an entertainment which would have pleased them far better than anything Canon Farrar 01 Mr Arnold could do for them. Labouchere is an excellent talker and his style is in that quiet humorous vein which is affected by Mark Twain There is a pleasant kind of drawn in Labouchere's method which enables him to give special point to his good things, and he says many good things, started and impromptu. Latterly, his attacks on the Royal Family have been very bitter, though he never says anything against the Prince of Wales, with whom he was at one time on terms of intimacy more particularly, when he championed the theatrical cause of Mrs Langtry, Now that Yates takes the opportunity whenever it also to have a fling at Willi in This Woi W, possibly Mr Labouchere will be increasingly kind to him Truth. Mt M Carthy's visit to America which was put for vi and as non-political in every way is said to he turning in money for the League, and is as much a political mission as that of any other prominent leaguer s rent to the States The truth is Mr M'Carthy tries behold a position in literary London apart from the League, He claims to be a literary man, and a politician, but some of his English friends have at last given up trying to help his double ambition, now that they find he is not only an official of the League but part proprietor of United Ireland, one of the most blood. thirsty of the Parnellite organs, in or out of America. The newspapers have been chronicling Mr. Chamber- lain's ngonioB under on attack of the gout. One of the comic papers dress- an affecting picture of him with his gouty foot resting on a cushion. In the midst of his supposed distress I called on him at his superb rest dence near Birmingham. " Thank you," he said, I am quite well, except that my doctor says I must take a holiday. Got the gout ? he said repeating my question. " No, never had it in my life." The thoroughly looked the truth of what he said. He is an interesting man both as to appearance and in regard to his conversation, of medium height, he is somewhere spare in figure, has the student's tendency to stoop, is pale or I might say rather sallow, as to complexion, his eyes are brown and steadfast, his manner somewhat quick and watchful. He is frank in his talk, frank and free. He impresses you as I fearless and honest man of strong convictions, and he has a genial smile which illuminates an otherwise rather sad expression of countenance. He wears an eye glass continuously on one eye, and has a son about 25 who does likewise, and is a youthful/ simile of the father. Mr. Chamberlain has one daughter, a young lady of varied accomplishments. He is a widower, and there is no truth in the report that he is likely to marry again. His recreation, as you know, is gardening, and more particularly in the cultivation of tropical . plants and flowers. It was a treat I accepted with avidity, a walk through his hothouses and conservatories. He has a vast range of glass on the southern side of his handsome residence The houses are mostly devoted to orchids. He has every possible example of those quaint and curious flowers from every spot where they are known to gross-. .' Yes," he said, "I find it great rest this change of occupation from politics, for it is, yon know', quite an occupation to look after these things, you cannot leave them to your gardeners alone, Even if you have ever such good ones and it is pleasure to watch their developments." He took I pair of scissors from his pocket as he spoke and cuts bloom which he handed to me with a smile, as he cut another and placed it in his button born. It was a lovely autumn day, and as we strolled over his well-kept and picturesque domain we talked of the Irish question. He spoke with great sympathy for the Irish people, said England is paying the penalty in the present for her ill-treatment of the Irish in the past. "It is with nations as with individuals, we have to pay for our sins some day," At the same time he said we had been for years repaying Ireland in kindness and in the granting of privilege innumerable ; she had land laws now which with slight alterations should make her happy and contented, and this would follow if paid agitators would only permit her to enjoy them. The tenants, as a rule, were satisfied, he said. They had now a valuable property in their holdings. They would only be too glad to pay their rents if they were allowed to do so by the league. He spoke hopefully of the future. He believed if the Government enforced the law- and let the tenants see that there was no chance of their getting the land for nothing, the tenants would settle down to their present privileges, and we should have peace. I do not profess to repeat Mr. Chamberlain's exact words, but only the spirit of them, and in doing so I have striven to' steer clear of saying anything which might be considered a breach of confidence This was the first time I had over conversed with Mr Chamberlain. He impressed me as a remarkable individual. He was on to one of his trip to the East His son and daughter and one of his broke Avro to accompany him. They might go to Egypt, M. said; they certainly would' go to Constantinople. During our that there was one little apropos anecdote Which I recall as characteristic. We were speaking of the press, and the disinclination editors have to contradict any statement they have made. _ "Don't you remember the American editor, he said, who JIM announced that a folloss'-cituen had been hanged. as it was not true, and the man himself called on the editor to contradict it "I can't do that," said the editor, " but I will say the rope broke, if you like. in literary circles there is an outcry against Messrs Cassells. They have published a » Child's Robinson Crusoe." No one complains that the story a II but it is thought to be an outrage on Defoe and a English classics when the text is altered and Bfci incidents introduced. It almost seems as if we adventures have been worked into the text to be some additional pictures. | The Rev. Henry Ward Beecher, ARTZ was not largely' attended, and the audience -was enthusiastic, The American preacher spoke more once in a tone of auger. One of the ' longing at the further end of the hall interrupted him a request to " speak up," whereupon Beecher, is rather- better than to you I fear. . and' must speak down to you - --- Pond, a Yankee impresario or a set in he has paid Beecher -lü0/,T lecture, and he publicly denies the reply Mr Beecher has been paid a fee for preaching, in a says ' he has paid Beecher lecture, and he publicly denies til Beecher has been paid a fee for proa to any chapel in the pulpit having -seen gratuitously. Mr. Beecher is a powerful m s, s England the effect of his eloquence T' by his strong American accent M in the treatment of religious «J^TtoU not care for buffoonery or profane anecdote A successful lecturers or preachers bets are -J adapt their style to their subject. is, scanty, themes are expected to be discussed at - In America it is different ; the SP be amused whether a speaker w as a Christianity or the price of hogs. I heard Talmage revel in pulpit stewing a be regarded on this side of the Atlantic as in W even in a bar-room. of a Royal Sir Frederic Leighton, Pf "lon' Sven upon a. Academy, had a favourite, model shows Pty stage, and indeed is there still, WEST shE an engagement Her name is DorothjBev h pretty iS an odd, tragic says wishes is in the shop windows, with head thrown & showing a large amount of throat says Frederic has painted her often inasmuch He thinks she is a gross of c93'ft"dÄmade«» success for her. As yet, *Tm"'JrTLdlf* particular mark. He has now drawn a F ,h, trait of her for a now fashionable JV s Court and today i^«^^l^0^X»^lT.W, Bconsiou, which the fortunate journal will show time to the utmost of its means. 