A'Christinas Present* Bs MADAME M. DE SANTIS, Author of "Reynard, the Fox," &c;,. &c.; [The Right of Translation is Reserved.! The Bun shone brightly over St. Petersburg.' It was one of those wintry days, difficult to imagine for all who have not spent a Christmas season either at Stockholm or St. Petersburg. The trees, the railings, the very walls of houses and churches seemed to be made of crystallised sugar, to such an extent hoar- frost had covered them. All glistened in the sun like so many diamonds and precious stones—the whole wosld was suddenly transformed into a real picture from fairyland. The Neva, entirely covered with ice, had for the time become one of the chief thoroughfares. Sledges of all descrip tions kept up a lively traffic, and passers-by had constantly to be on the alert lest they should come to grief. One part of the icy surface, however, was excluded from this general movement; it was the place reserved for skating. Several ice palaces surrounded it, where in the even ing, when an elegant crowd gathered there, refreshments were served and the bands played. These transparent buildings were gaily decorated with colored flags and quantities of pine trees, the only evergreen plant northern climes can boast of, still it gave but a faint idea of the festive look they assumed when darkness set in, and they were illuminated by Chinese lanterns, Bengal lights, and other means modern science has devised to produce supernatural effects. However great all these attractions, as a rule a considerable part of the fashionable world prefers sunshine, to the * • * • • * • ? midday hours, only during the last few days people Beemed to nave entirely forgotten their favorite exercise, testifying once more to the truth of an old Erench saying—Que le mi&ux; est Vtnnemi du bun, for December was come, and with it the irresistible charm of seeing and baying Christmas presents. In countries where Christmas trees are not a privilege of the wealthy, !but have become a deeply-rooted national cnBtom, the first weeks of December are the most exciting and the pleasantest time of the year. Sometimes, in the finest summer weather, children will inter rupt their out-door games, forget sunshine and flowers, and sit quietly down to reckon out how many weeks and days there are still left to Christmas, as if this were really the only time of the year worth living for. Daring these three December weekB everybody, the most selfish even, forgets unconsciously his egotism, and studies the wishes and tastes of his fellow-creatures, whether j;oung or old. One hears everywhere mysterious whispers, meets with sly little prevarications in answer to many a question innocently put, and oh I such knowing looks. The signal to all this ado is given by endless trains, arriving^ from Einnland especially, all laden with Christmas trees; then the great exhibitions and Bales begin; and, in a few days, "shopping" is in full swing among rich and poor. The centre of all this busy life is naturally the Gastinoi Dvor, an immense building after the fashion of Oriental bazaars, containing hundreds of different shops, while the neighboring streets seem to be one uninterrupted row of dazzling magazines. On this particular December day in 1875 a lady with a handsome well-dressed little boy of about five years of age coming from the Nevski Prospect entered a stationer's shop in the Gastinoi Dvor, leaving her little charge outside. The young gentleman seemed not very pleased with this arrangement; but all children know that to be inquisitive is not only ill-bred, but could during this rime of the year haVe the serious consequence of spoiling one's own pleasure: so Master Sasha submitted tacitly, though obedience was not a thing he -generally approved of. Having nothing better to do he looked in the window, but find ing only different monograms and crests, invitation cards, and various colored papers there he soon got tired of it and turned round to gaze at the people who hurried along in all directions. His thoughts, however, were not attracted even by these. They travelled on as far as Christmas Eve and tried to guess what papa would be likely to give him this year. W hat would it bs ? He had already every toy he could think of. Sasba, naturally a quick, observant child, was so deeply interested in his own concerns that he did not notice how an elegant-looking lady, who by an exceptionally plain and quiet way of dressing succeeded but incompletely in biffing her appearance of "grand dame," started when she saw him, how a sudden color rose to her cheek, and how, after a moment's hesitation, she came towards bim. He only looked up when she stood closely before him, and gently asked— " Are you quite alone here, my boy ?" "Yes, Sasha answered, with a touch of re sentment. " Mademoiselle Lagrange has gone in to buy something, and I-have to wait for her here." "But are yon not afraid of being alone?" the lady asked again. He shook his head. "Why did you not remain meanwhile^— with—-with your mamma?" She spoke evi dently in great excitement, but the child did not pay any attention to it. "I "nave no mamma," was his indifferent answer. " You have no mamma ?" the lady repeated, sadly. " No; that is, I really have one, but she is no good ; she went away," the boy replied. ".Sasha, who has told you that?" the lady asked, taking passionately his hand. It did not strike him that a stranger knew his name; he repeated, with childish heartlessness: "Mademoiselle Lagrange says so, and papa, too; she had no heart, and was altogether no good, so I must do without a mamma. The lady hearing these words, winced per ceptibly ; but as Mademoiselle Lagrange appeared in the door, she only stooped to kiss the little fellow, and turned quickly towards another window, as if examining eagerly what there was exhibited, in reality to hide two big tears that would run down her cheeks however j bravely sbe struggled against them. Sasba tripped away chatting with made- ! moiselle, and before he had turned the corner all was forgotten; the lady and what she had asked him. Besides her veil was so thick , that he could scarcely distinguish her features. The impression he had made, must, on the contrary, nave been very deep, for the lady remained musing in the same place for a long time, till at last a neighboring clock struck twelve. Then'she started, looked round as if doubtful where she was, and, regaining her self-possession, entered several shops, bought some satin, different terra-cotta vases and plates, and returned with these purchases to her modest home in one of the small but central Bide streets, Madame Ivanova, under this name the lady was known to her landlord, occupied two rooms on the third-floor. The view on an ugly court-yard was almost entirely hidden by some beautiful plants, and everything bore witness to the refined taste of the inhabitant; though plainly furnished, the room betrayed an artist's hand, and the first impression was soon confirmed by the presence of an easel, a great many sketches, and some finished paintings on fans, screens, and vases. There were besides a few beautiful miniatures. Madam Ivanova was a real artist, but finding that pictures were comparatively difficult to sell, she had, when her brush be came her fortune, taken to painting these little things, for which the demand was always great, at least when executed with such Bkill and taste as Madame Ivanova possessed. She had plenty of work at any time of the year; but now, before Christmas, orders came iu daily from all the first-rate business places, fend though she felt upset, and not at all in clined to work, she could not waste a bright morning. So she sat down and painted dili gently, without moving, for hours; her thoughts, however, she could not fix on the work to-day, they wandered far away through all her past life. Her very first remembrances went back as far as her nurse, with the pretty beads round her neck and long gold earrings, who smiled and was kind, and snowed_ her always a large picture on the wall, saying it was papa's, and he also had gold and all sorts of pretty things on bis coat, but one day nurse cried and said papa-was dead; and still they spoke of great honor and the Cross of St. George, and a great many more things little Luba could not under stand. Then a lady came and took her to a large, ' large house with a great many children in it, where they taught her to read and to write, and nnrse came only seldom, very seldom to see her. How it was, who could exactly describe it ? But one day the world was not any more all wonder and amazement for her; she made herself at home in it like the others, and understood that her father had been a distinguished officer, who died of wounds received in a battle, and as his country's welfare had filled the whole of his life he did not find time to pro vide for the future of his only child, so it was but just that the country in return should take care of his daughter. She was brought up in one of the great imperial institutions of St. Petersburg. Lessons and recreations went on like clockwork in regular turns, and the world, so strange and new a little while ago, became rather tedious,; still there were moments in which Luba met again with riddles, and found herself at a loss to under stand the feelings of her fellow-creatures. How could some of them dislike drawing and painting ? And how was it, that once, when a very kind lady paid them a visit, all the grown-up people seemed almost frightened, aud dared not speak unless they were asked a question? The lady talked to Luba and several of the other pupils, gave them delicious French sweets, and at last kissed the little girl and left, Luba was afterwards told it had been the Empress, but she found the explanation had been very insufficient; aha had certainly read about some wicked Em presses, but this one was so good, and still everybody seemed awe-struck when she came. Another time again she war shown her father's Cross o! St, George and told how this little white cross with a still smaller picture of St. George killing the dragon on it, was a symbol of great bravery, and how it was only awarded for some particular deed of courage or self sacrifice. Luba never could quite solve the meaning-of this explanation; if her father was brave, and conquered like St. George, how could he be dead ? Then St. George went out to kill the dragon who destroyed men, so war must be meant by the dragon, what else was so destructive? and still her father was honored for going to war, though he had not been killing the dragon, but men, in fact he had been an ally of the dragon against men, and the monster at last mercilessly swallowed him up like all the others, Luba found herself in a perfect maze of contradicting questions, but she never ventured to speak of it. Experience had taught her that she would only be laughed at and told she was a funny little girl, who need not trouble her head about such odd unneces sary questions. The only thing in which she met with general approval was her drawing and painting. The master never criticised her work like he did with others, and often spoke words of admiration. One day some of her pictures were shown to the Empress, and soon after Luba became a pupil of the Academy of Arts. From that time the jealousy of her fellow-pupils seemed more or less aroused. They called her a spoiled child of dame fortune, who distributed her gifts blindfolded; Bhe had given her beauty as well as talent, so naturally in time she would become a maid of honor of the Empress and then enjoy every thing high life can offer—marry some rich cavalier and live in paradise for ever and a day. But of course to have such impudent luck one must be a particular favorite of the gods. Luba herself did not share these exaggerated hopes about the future, her time was too much filled up witfc serious work and study; and the aim of her life seemed almost reached when her first picture was admitted to an important ex hibition at the academy and very kindly re ceived by all critics. This success had such an intoxicating effect that it appeared but of secondary importance to her when the choice of the Empress fell upon Luba to fill a vacancy among the maids of honor. Still this was the Bpell that opened wide the golden gates of a much-envied paradise for Luba; Bhe entered society in the highest sphere, went to her first halls, was admired, courted, but not dazzled by her new glory. She certainly enjoyed it all, but at times a sort of nervousness took posses sion of her j she felt so lonely among the crowd, like an exile from some other world; and this longing increased gradually till at the end of the first season she knew exactly that she had been transplanted into a soil on which her happi ness could never thrive. It was not ad miration she required to fill her life, but love; if there were one person in the world who cared really for her, and for her only, who quite understood her and to whom she could devote her time, her talent, everything she knew and felt, yes, that would be happiness 1 but the chance of meeting this ideal seemed doubtful, almost hopeless, so it was quite a release to hear of the last fete, after which the court would retire for a while to quiet country life. This very evening she danced with Baron Kalidenburg, a very accomplished good- looking young man, who made up for the novelty of his title by endless wealth, and was one of her most assiduous admirers. The ballroom being rather hot and crowded he led her away towards the winter-garden as soon as an op portunity offered, and asked, "What is it that makeB you so serious to-night, Luba Ivanovna, a cloud seems to have rested on your forehead during the whole evening ?" 1 am not aware of it," she replied, with a smile, "but perhaps I feel somewhat tired of the many festivities, and long for a little soli tude." "Solitude," repeated Baron Rahdenburg. " I should have thought you had enough of it during your past life." "Oh, no," Luba exclaimed, rather astonished, "I have, on the contrary, always lived among a great many people;" " Bodily, perhaps," said Rahdenburg, " but have you never felt the want of spiritual com panionship, have you never missed a home and thought it rather hard that destiny should have denied you the love of parents, of brothers and sisters?" Rahdenburg had touched her most sensitive chord. Luba knew it. . She blushed, and said with some emotion, "You have interpreted my feelings rightly. I have sorely felt my being severed from sll natural ties, but nobody ever before thought of it. Strangers have shown me much kindness, and that, I believe,' is. the reason why I was always more an object of envy than sympathy." They were quite alone in the palmhouse, and .had unconsciously stopped under a beautiful group of tropical trees. " You wonder at my having understood you better than others did," continued Rahden burg, "but did you not know that love is a keen observer? I have read your thoughts, and aB I have done it once would you not give me credit for being able to do it always, and allow me to fill the vacancy you have felt in your past life. What the world possesses should be at your disposal, and be of value to me only as far as it could add to your happiness. Ifeelmy love is great enough to include in it all other affections. Let me be tc you father, and brother and husband, all in one." As Rahdenburg spoke, his words had from mere courtesy gradually risen to tenderness and genuine passion. It was something perfectly new to Luba, and as she stood there near him she felt as if some powerful magnetic Btream were emanating from his eyes and para lysing all her energy; she could not for her life have uttered a word ; a sort of giddiness came over her and closed her eyes? she knew that two arms surrounded her, and that burn ing kisses covered her face, still she remained quite unable to move, and at last when she could open her eyes Bhe saw herself in the looking-glass opposite, with her head leaning on his shoulder, his arms holding her closely. It was too late for any second thought or con sideration, she was certainly his for better, for worse, and her future irretrievably decided. * * -* •» There! a light flashed from the looking-glass, and though Luba started and trembled she could not help smiling at herself and the wild tricks fancy had been playing her. Old Anas tasia came in with the lamp, and said rather gruffly, as if to hide all the tenderness she felt for her mistress—"Madam, you have again been working too hard. You look as pale as a ghost, and I am sure you will not be satisfied till you have succeeded in making yourself quite ill." "I have left off working for a while already, it was too dark," Madame Ivanova answered gently, "but I think I was dreaming with my eyes wide open, and a little startled when I suddenly saw the light." Anastasia busied herself laying the table for Luba's dinner, and, after serving it with a little praise, how well it was cooked, and worthy to be eaten by the moBt dainty, she left her again to her own thoughtB. They would wander back to-day, and recall by-gones. Luba saw herself as a happy wife during the honeymoon, on travels, later on, at Rahdenburg's splendid country seat, and then as the mother of a beautiful boy. Future really seemed to have nothing in store for her except happiness. The second winter of her married life was approaching, and Rahdenburg wished to spend it at St. Petersburg. Luba did not care much for this arrangement, and disliked particularly a remark her husband made on that occasion. He said—"It is now a pretty long while that we have been married, and nobody has yet seen you, though the greatest pleasure in having a beautiful wife is to show her to the world. Knowing her to be a beauty is not enough. I wish to see the proof of it in the admiration, in the envy of others; I want to hear it from friends and foes as an undeniable truth, other • wise one could as well marry a plain woman, and repeating to oneself hundreds of times that she_ was a Yenus one would naturally finish by believing it." Luba had not the courage to answer. She felt much hurt hearing these words; and they went to town, without Rahdenburg even notic ing that it displeased his wife. The first weekB passed away in paying and receiving visits, but then Luba begged of her husband not to drag her about like that, to let her devote at least a little of her time to her son and her studio. Rahdenburg laughed, and called her a petite bourgeoise who wanted to play the undernurse; but when he found'that the baroness really refused a great many invi tations, and found excuses to quietly remain at home whenever she could, he became very angry indeed. " You will never understand your present position in the world," he exclaimed. " It seems as if the obscurity in which your child hood was passed^ overshadowed all your ideas. I am rich, very rich, and the first day when I found myself master of an enormous fortune I vowed I should have the best of everything iu this world. There are a few richer than my self, not many, still there are some, but nobody has a talent like me for playing the part of rich man. It is a particular gilt to condense in this short life of ours the most possible pleasure. I hate all that is second-rate! Look at my houses; do they not contain all that art can create and money buy ? and so I chose also the finest woman I could find to be my wife, and outshine all others; but you will not do it, You have the finest diamonds, the rarest pearls, but, from sheer perverseness, you scarcely ever wear them. I really believe your ideas are so petty and old-fashioned that it is hopeleBS to try and make you rise to the position you ought to occupy now." "My ideas are; perhaps, that I am not a parvenu, and that my personal value is quite independent of that of the diamonds with which I may be decked," Luba answered, seriously offended. " Oh! I suppose you mean to hint that my blood is not by far as blue aB your own!" Rahdenburg cried, in great passion, and left the room, for Luba had wounded him on his most vulnerable point. Several such sgeces had disturbed their farmer harmony, the breach became in time greater and greater, Rahdenburg had ceased to persuade his wife to go out, he ignored her now as much as possible; at last they scarcely ever met, except sometimes in public, just to prevent people from talking too much. Still, all sorts of rumors were soon afloat, and be came more and more prominent, till they reached even Luba's ears. Rahdenburg was said to be entirely in the nets of a brilliant French singer and actress, Mademoiselle Zuvin, who was the rage of the season, and had turned the heads of half the young men at St. Petersburg. The kind friends, who considered it their duty to inform Luba of all her husband's doings expected, of course, to see her in a great passion, abusing Rahden burg and receiving him with violent outbursts of jealousy. When she preserved her com posure, .and did not occasion any of those "interesting" episodes, as anticipated, the general verdict declared her to be quite heart less, and [unworthy of sympathy; in fact, the poor husband was to be pitied, how could he sacrifice his whole life to this cold, unfeeling woman ? Luba lived entirely for her little boy, and found therein the only possible comfort, hoping that he may perhaps be the means to bring back her husband, cured from his mania to boast and show off, which had entirely blinded him to the merits of his once beloved wife, whose refined feelings could never let her stoop so low as to humor him in a vulgar weak ness. A year and more passed away like this, then Rahdenburg one day sent a message to his wife, asking her to set him free. He had made a sad mistake in wedding her; they were both miserable; he was sorely aware of "it now, but as they did not belong to the Greek Catholic Church, which admits divorce only in the case of one party being afflicted with incurable madness, there still existed a way to redeem past wroDgs; two Protestants can be separated on the plea of disagreement. He would settle a large income upon her, and to prevent the slightest shadow being cast upon her good name, he wished his wife to ask for a divorce on the plea of his having deserted her. He was willing to let all the blame fall upon him; but as he saw now the way to real happiness he was anxious to regain his liberty at any cost. When Luba had recovered from the first shock, she declared her willingness to meet Rahdenburg's wishes, declining, however, the money, and claiming naturally her child. To her amazement he refused flatly to part with the boy, for whom he had scarcely ever had a look or a kind word, with whose mother he had quarrelled and parted, because she liked bim better than balls and admiration, this very child he insisted now upon retaining. " Sasha is the heir to my name and wealth," Rahdenburg said. "He shall not be brought up under the influence of his mother's petty views. Boys belong the father, and after awhile she will be pleased to have avoided the responsibility of educating a son. Besides, she wili not break her heart over the separa tion, for—as everybody has already found out —she has none to break." These words were reported to the baroness, and, raising her to utmost indignation, she refused the promised consent to a divorce unless Sasha remained with her. Still a temporary parting could not be avoided. After what had taken place it was j impossible for Luba to live any longer under | one roof with her husband; so the world was informed that Baroness Rahdenburg had gone abroad to consult a renowned physician, and that the state of her health prevented her from returning to St. Petersburg. Mean while she was living as Madame Ivanova, in the side- street not far off from the Gastinoi Dvor, painting to earn a livelihood, and refusing Btoutly an allowance, as well as her consent to the divorce, unless the child was returned to her. Nearly two years had passed away like this. Luba, always in hopes she might at last recover her dear boy, tried to drown in work all her longing for him. Time had also helped a little to heal the wound, but to-day, after seeing him again, no reason could restore her peace of. mind! She took one of the terra - cotta plates, bought in the morning,' and painted her son's portrait on it, but the material was rather coarse, so she could not resist the temptation to sacrifice a few days in making a miniature of him. Nevermind the many orders waiting for execution, she was not fit for any other work till she had fixed in colors the dear face that hunted her by day and by night. There it was now; it had really turned out to her satisfaction, and would keep her company and smile upon her when she felt sad. Before many days were over one of the first jewelleis at St. Petersburg called on Madame Ivanova, and began by saying, " Though I could have written to you about the new orders, 1 preferred calling myself to thank you for the charming miniatures you sent us last time. We had them mounted with diamonds in the old French style as lockets and bracelets, and they have become the most fashionable thing of the season; we could sell any amount of them at fancy prices, and I must take away with me everything available you have left, even if it were not of such finish." Saying this he looked round and was at once struck by Sasha's portrait. His outburst of admiration was followed by a hard struggle. Madam Ivanova was unwilling to part with this miniature, and the jeweller could not be entreated to return it after once holding it in his hand. Madame Ivanova, anxious not to offend him, sought in vain for a suitable objec tion, when he reasoned thatBhe could easily paint a duplicate, more especially so as he was offering a price for this charming little headwhich would enable her to devote double the time to another copy if she chose to do so. Taking her silence for consent he hurried away with his treasure, leaving Luba in a consternation as if she had lost her only be loved companion. An unbearable nervous ness took possession of her. The fear of not being able to paint a second portrait," without seeing the living model again, put her in a state of fever, and in her despair she sat down and wrote the following note to Sasha's old nurse, whose trustworthiness stood above all doubts:— " Dear Niania—Though I have till now, from fear of being recognised, resisted the temptation to see my boy, my strength and will are at an end. I must see him, of course without anybody knowing of my visit. Let me come when he is asleep, and no servants about. You will find it perhaps a difficult task, but I trust your attachment to me will overcome^ all obstacles. I assure you, Niania, I shall die if you cannot help me to have one more sight of Sasha, In hopes to re ceive good news soon, very soon, believe me, &c;,, " L.R." After Niania's answer to the effect that she would be happy to do anything her dear mis tress wished, and let her know whenever an opportunity offered, Luba felt more herself again, and settled quietly down to work, * * ft » * Meanwhile the jewellers had the miniature set as a magnificent bracelet, and exhibited it as one of the finest specimens of workman ship their firm could offer to the exacting taste of their numerous customers. .Chance being always at hand to play strange tricks it happened that Baron Rahdenburg was one of the first to see the new bracelet. He was so much struck by the likeness that he at once enquired what artist painted the miniature. BeiDg told that the jewellers were not allowed to mention names a Btrange emotion came over him. Seeing his boy's beautiful picture he could not help thinking again and again that Luba's brush must have painted it; and still it seemed impossible. She had not seen him for years. Could she not have done it from memory? Only deepest affection would enable the mind's eye to keep such an impression for years. How could that proud heartless woman be the artist! He felt a sharp sting of remorse. Had he wronged her after all? The thought was very unpleasant, and Rahdenburg did all he could to smother it in its beginning. He bought the bracelet at a fabulous price, besides other trinkets, for the brilliant woman who kept him now in thraldom heart and soul, and made if possible a still more energetic plunge into the whirlpool of high life, Christmas F.ve was come, and as dusk set in Rahdenburg paid one of his short and far between visits to the nursery. " When are you going to light my Christina tree, papa ?" SaBha asked at once. " As soon as it is quite dark Mademoiselli Lagrange will-do it," the baron answered'} " 1 cannot stop." "Not even to-day?" exclaimed the chile sadly; "but then you will return very soon will you not?" he added beseechingly. " Not before you are asleep," his father 3aid "I have no time, but you Bhall have youi presents just the same, my boy." "No time; never any- time for me,"Sash£ complained, "You know, papa, I really dc not care much about all the other presents give me a new mamma instead, or if you will nol do that, give me the old one back; even if she is no good I shall not always be alone." " Do not talk such nonsense, and ask for im possibilities," Rahdenburg said impatiently, The nursery became suffocating, and calling out a hurried "good- night," he went down stairs, glad to find his carriage already waitin° for him. SaBha had his Christmas tree and presents, but seemed very dissatisfied. In the evening, when mademoiselle had also gone out, and the servants were all feasting, Niania put him to bed, and when she made nun say his prayers and a Christmas hymn, his discontent shaped itself into words. "Glory to God in the highest," he repeated conscientiously, "but the angels might have brought me a mamma, and on earth peace; I do not want all that other stuff. Oh ! dear angels, bring me a mamma. I pf-omise I shall be good and never say anything if papa goes away." With some unintelligible talk about mammas and angels he went to sleep, and, quite against her habit, Niania hurried away as soon as she saw him dreaming. She went quickly down to the front door and arrived just in time to prevent the porter from asking a lady about her name and errand, by calling out familiarly to her, "How do you do, Anna Mihailovna, how late you axe ! I was afraid you had for gotten your promise to spend Christmas Eve with me," . , The porter mumbled something like Old Niania wanted also a little fun once a year," and let the visitor pass and go upstairs without troubling himself any more with questions who it might be. * * •* -> * * Baron Rahdenburg, after leaving his son, had gone straight to the admired Mademoiselle Zuvin, where, to his annoyance, 'he found a large circle of friends, who brought their Christmas presents in the shape of beautiful bouquets which, as the initiated knew, were only the poetic means of hiding weightier giftB, Mademoiselle Zuvin received him very warmly, whispering, in the most sympathetic of tones, "Mon pauvrc ami!'\ Rahdenburg did not understand the meaning of thiB, nor did he care to ask for an explanation till the crowd had subsided. He. waited patiently till the last visitor had left, not intending to offer his presents in public, admiriDg all the_ while her radiant face, her incomparable toilette, the most glorious of women altogether. When alone with her he opened a velvet box and said, "Manon, you told me once that sapphires were your favorite jewels. I hope this necklace will meet with your approval." "How wrong of you to bring me such a costly present!" she exclaimed. " What I would much prefer to offer you," he said, with a sad smile, " is my name, my title, ait I possess, but alas! this is not yet in my power to do; still I hope——" " No more of that," Mademoiselle Zuvin in terrupted him quickly. " Everybody ought to know the centre in which alone he or she can find happiness. Now I am a butterfly, who can only exist in golden sunshine and brilliant surroundings. These are as necessary to me as. the air I breathe. It is true you abandoned your wife for my sake, you offer me your name, and I would have followed you willingly once —when you were rich, now it is different. I deplore your fate, but I could never become poor man's wife," The baron opened "his eyes wide with astonishment, but did not utter the question which evidently was on his lips. After a moment's silence he said—" So you did not care for me; you only liked my wealth " I liked you and your wealth," Made moiselle Zuvin answered, perfectly self possessed. "A friend informed me only a couple of hours ago that you had loBt every thing you possessed." Rhadenburg rose from his seat and said, with a voice that sent a chill even through Mademoiselle Zuvin's veins, " Your friend has misinformed you, A great firm of foreign bankers has failed, whose name has been altered into mine by a slight mistake in the telegram. I am in no way concerned in the affair, except that this incident convinces me of a great delusion under which I have been laboring for some time past. I must bid you farewell, never to return again. It was a dream, and I must thank you for having called me back to my senses." He bowed and left. On the stairs he touched anxiously his pocket to make sure that the bracelet with his hoy's portrait was still there and safe. "And to this creature I had almost given it!" he thought aloud, and felt the blood rush to his temples. _ He was comforted by finding himself alone in the dark carriage. It was a long drive from Mademoiselle Zuvin's to his house, and a world of thoughts crowded his head during this time. He had no more doubts that Luba painted the_ minia ture, and as the consciousness of his_ own guilt increased her picture rose more gloriously in the background. He must see her—but she would never receive him; he could write—but then a letter would only be accepted through the solicitors, and it was Christmas!—no soli citor to be found at his offices for many days ! He reached his house in a very melancholy, de sponding state, humiliated as he could not have thought it possible. One thing was certain, the only way for him to find His peace of mind again was to reconcile his wife; he must reconquer her at any cost. Thinking over what would b6 the best to do, he remem bered How she disliked his neglecting Sasha, and under the impulse of a sentimental wish to please her He went up to the nursery. The shaded lamp threw an uncertain light over the room; he recognised Niania, but saw indis tinctly another figure kneeling at SaBha's bed side. ThoughHehad entered softly theboy awoke, and looking round with astonished eye3 he turned to the reclining figure and asked: "Have the angels brougHt you ? Are you my new mamma ?" And putting his arms round her neck, " but now you must remain with me, and never leave me alone again !" "Luba!" called a voice behind her, and made her start.to her feet, Rahdenburg stood before her. "Forgive my being here," she cried, "but you do not know what a mother's love is, what it is to be longing for years " Here a flood of tears cut short her words. "You can love, you can cry, Luba !" Rah denburg exclaimed, with a voice faltering from emotion. " I never sjiw you cry before." Old Niania began to find her -presence un necessary and retired quietly, so nobody can say what may have been spoken by Sasha's bedside; the world knows only that the next morniDg Baron Rahdenburg, full of glee, told everybody who wished to listen to it that his wife had returned quite unexpectedly, for him the most delightful Christmas surprise mortal could dream of, Some people noticed the strange coincidence that, as soon as Baroness Rahden burg's health was sufficiently restored to bear 1 again the trying Russian climate, Mademoiselle Z.'s broke so utterly down that she quitted St, Petersburg without even fulfilling all her en gagements, but this town-talk was soon super seded by something more interesting. Perfect harmoDy returned to the Rahden burg family: The baron had considerably altered his taste and ideas, and found the greatest pleasure in meeting his wife's wishes. Differences occurred only between father and son, as Sasha would insist on his sole right to the new mamma; she was his Christmas present, brought to him by the angels, as papa would not let him have one, audit was very great kindness on his part if he consented to share his property with anybody else. 