SPORTING NOTES. Saturday was by no means a pleasant day afc Flemington, for the duet Bend, assisted by a high wind, asserted itBelf most unmistak ably. Nevertheless the attendance was much larger than on any previ- us occasion, and great interest was taken in the racing, which was of a high-class character. The sport opened with the Melbourne Stakes, of 300 BOVB., with 5 added, one mile and a quarter. Ten started. Isonomy was favorite, and he appeared to havo his field settled a hundred yardB from home, when Boolka came with a rush and made a dead heat of it. The ownerB agreed to run off j after the last race, when Isonomy won by three lengths. A dozen runners faced the Btarter in the Hotham Handicap, of 300sovs. with a sweep of o added. Hexham was made favorite, but the little-thought-of Claptrap came out at the distance and ran home an easy winner by two lengths, Hexham being second and Lancer third. Then followed The Pencil, Fish o' Silver, Salvo, LeBbia, and King master. Preparations were then made for the next race, viz., the THE JIARIBYR.VOSG PLATE, A sweepstake of 30 sovg. each with 1.000 added. For two.year-olds._ Colts, Sst lOlbs.; fillies, Sst. filbe.; geldings at time of running allowed 51bu. The second horse to receive 300 sovs. and the third 200 I sove. Five furlongs. Mr. C. L. MacDonald's br f Hortense, by Gaug Forward-Josephine, Oat. 51bs., including lJlbs. penalty (Campbell) 1 ; Mr. D. CVoper's br c Huntinjrtower, by Darebin Ath<-line, Sst. lPlbs. (Kelso) 2 Hon. W. Pearson's br c Bedouin, by Darriwell Black Gipsy, Sst. lOlbs. (E. Power) 3 The following also started ; - Matamua, Albert L'jddoii, Jebusite, Loyalist, Aberdeen, E-cutcheon, Essex, Perhaps, Mistletoe, Eckersley, Espcrance, Lava, Miranda, Oceana, and Fancy Free. After a little delay the field got away to a tood start, with Miranda, Escutcheon, aud Huutingtower in good positions near the railB ; Essex, Eckersley, and Bedouin in the centre; and Hortense and Jebusite on the outside. Esperance and Mistletoe were troublesome before the flag fell. Hortense was the. quickest to show in front, with Bedouin, Huutiugtowcr, aud Perhaps having a slight lead of the rest of the line. Loyalist and Esperance were also goiug well, but Mistletoe and Jebusite were the last to get off. Esperance distinguished herself by getting into a commanding position passing the sand track, aud then destroyed Lord Carrington's hopes by ruuning away to the left towards the abattoirs. Bedouin showed a bold front, and Hortense and Perhaps were well placed, till the latter filly was shaken up, when she refused to respond, and a Becond or two were lost while she was got going again. At the distauce Hortense and uedouin were at the head of affairs, with Huntingtower, Oceania, Lava, and Aberdeen in near attendance. Hortense struggled gamely on, and notwithstanding her extra weight and the Bticngth of the wind Bhe managed to beat her field, abd Will by a length from HuntihgtoWer, who came Up strongly iu the last few strides aud beat Bedouin by half a length for second place. Lava was fourth, Aberdeen fifth, Eckersley sixth, Oceania seventh, and then came Per haps, Matamua, Fancy Free, Loyalist, Albert L-iddon, Escutcheon, Miianda, Jebusite, and Mistletoe. Time, 1 rain. 74 sec. VICTORIAN DERBY, A BweepBtakes of 25 govs, each, with 650 added. The second Iiotbo to receive 100 sovs. out of the stake, and the third 60.sovs. For ihree-year-olda. Coita, 8st 101b.; Allies, 8st. 61b. Geldings at tittle of run> ning allowed 31b. One mile and a half. Hon. J White'* cli c Trident, by Robinson Crusoe \- Cocoanut, Sst. 101b. (Hales) ..1 Mr. D. Cooper's ch c Cheaham, by Grand Flaneur -Lady Chester, S8t. 101b. (Robertson) .. ..2 Mr. J. R. Blackwood's ch c Aglaos, by Apremont Aglaia, 8st. 1011). (Power) 3 Mr. J. Stockton's b c Kingfish, by Piscatorious Yattcrlua, Sat. 10lb. (WauOratle) 0 Sir W. J, Clarke's b c First Consul, by Gang For ward-Josephine, 8st. 101b. (\V. O'Brien) .. 0 Hon. J. White's br g Volcano, by Chester-Etna, 8st. 71b. (Ellis) 0 Mr. W. A. Long's ch f Maddelina, by Ncckersgat Meg Morriles, Sat. 51b, (Colley) 0 Betting-90 to 40 on Trident, 100 to 20 against Maddelina, 100 to 7 each Chesham, First Con sul, and Volcano, 100 to 5 AglaoB, and 100 to 4 Kingfish, When the horses came ollfc both Maddelina and First Consul were fractious, the letter breaking away three limes, uud nearly pulling O'lJrieu out qf the saddle. Chesham had the inside position, and then came Triden*', Aglaos, Kiugfith, First Consul, and Maddelina, Volcano being on the extreme ou'side. The field geemed a troublesome ope, aud Trident launched out with bis heels and kicked the rails. When ti.e signal was given Chesham made an eager daBh, aud was first to show in front, with Kingfish and Volcano.close on to him, the last to get on his legs being First Consul. Volcano quickly went to the front and made the runnirg round the liver bend, with Chesham, Kinggs{\, Mad delina, Ag'aos, a'id Ti jdent following, aud First Consul half a dozen lengths in ihe rear. The race was severe and the field began to open out^ Volcano being three lengths ahead of Pheshaui, off whom t\VQ le(i,g|hsj wus $iugfish aud Mad deliua, and three lepgths behind her came Trident, with Aglaos aud First Cousul at greater . iuteivalg. Passing the bridge Volcano led Chesham by three lengths, aud the oihers were slightly closing up near to the abattoirs. The same positions were maintained at the sheds, but Chesham had decreased the gqp betweep himself a"d the leader, alfhpugh Yolcano was going very' strongly "nest the rails. Madelina, who had just previously beeu running kindly, now showed sings of compound ing, but the tail of the huut regained the sains fig Midway b^tweeu the sheds and the (loine turn Volcano suddenly came into collision with Uig rails aud nearly unshipped his rider. Chesham rushed ck^r past him and gained a §!rqug iv,it Tr^deiit was interfered wit}} by Y'ol^'ia, who swerved outwards frojh the fence. Fortuuately the favorite got clear, and went in pursuit of Chesham, who had turned into the straight a clear six lengths ahead of the favourite. King fish theu passed Maddeliua, and was in turn passed by Aglaos, but all the interest in the other animals was lost by every eye being centred on pheshatn and the'favorite Down the straight tliey came, Chesham so far ahead that it looked like a' gtjineq to a goose berry that he piist v/in, when Hale?, sitting down with whip and spurs, urged the favorite to his utmost speed, 'and gradually and surely decreased the gap between himself and Chesham who had been getting quite enough of it and was liring badly. Trident, answeriug gamely to the call that was made on him earns'up alongside and theu passed Chesham amidst the wildest excitement, winning by two lengths, Aglaos being twenty lengths away third, Firat Cousul forth, Kingfish three lengths further behiud, fifth, and then Maddelina aud Volcano at intervals Time, 2 inin. 3t) sep. -When the !' all r|g|it". {iqd tteep proclaimed the victory *yas received with enthusiastic cheering bv nearly everybody but the book makers, who were sorely hit by the victory. Hales waB cheered again and again, and hats were waved as he came to the scale. Trident was afterwards brought up the lawn to be in vested with ihe blue ritmud by Lady Loch, and then it perceived t^qt I ha horse's 'sides showed signs of punishmeut from the spure, al though he was otherwise little distressed. The time-2 min. 39 sec.-wn8 remarkably good, and equal to Martiui-Henri's previous besfc record. The Selling Race, of 150 sova. with a, sweep of 3 added, attyaeted eight j tinners. The Ghost was made favorite, but the winner turned up in H"wie's colt Huron, the favo rite getting second and Stafford third. The wiener was bought in for 230 sovs., the whole of which went to the Ulub. Twenty animals toad the mark iu the Coburg Stakes, of 20l) sovs. with a sweep of 5 added. The Nun was a strong favorite, but she ran badly. The wtaner turned up in DayBtar, a rank outsider, who gut home a head iu front of St. Johu, nest to whom came Hogmanay. The total number q^rijed l>y rail to Fie miugton on Derby day was 21,794. and the revenue therefrom came to £8,535. This exceeds by nearly 7,000 the number carried last year, It was a great performance on the part of Hortense to carry a penalty of l^lhe, anci win the Mariby^o^g f-J^te. There was a strong wind blowing down the ground, added to which the turf was a bit holding. The stable did not, for these reasons, back the 6lly to any extent Hortenee, who is a daughter of Gang Forward and Josephine, was bred by and ia still owned by Sir 'J. Elder, who leased her to Mr. p. L. McDonald for racing. She is sajd to be the most com manding filly that ever stripped at Fleming ton. The winner of the Melbourne Ctapi Arsenal, is a bay horse, a years old, by Qolflsbarough from Powder, and although he has started about twenty times, only once has he been returned a winner, and that waB in a five furlong flutter at Caulfield in March of last year. Trenton, who got second, ran a great horse, and came near pulling off his owner's £10,000 to £700 wag?r. .Silvermine also proved fcim3eir a good animal. The winner, it may be added, is a cast-off of the Hon. W. Pearson's stable. In the seventy-tive hours' walking match between Harrim'an and Scott, at ^ob&tt;, $he .!^t?r \V?.5 v^or>^, y,he- '8goW are Scott, 266 miles 4 laps ; Harriman, 265 miles 1 lap. The pigeon shooting match for the Mel bourne Cup Handicap was shot off on Mon day afternoon, at Hurlingham, near Mel bourne. The first prize was JBloO, and the second a lady's bracelet value £75. The winner was "Ballarat," an assumed name, the second prize falling to Mr. T, C. Ellis (Mount Gambier). Another match for a gold watch value £70 was won by L, G. Calvert. At a sale of racehorses in Melbourne on Friday a yearling colt by Robinson Crusoe Rose of Denmark was knocked down to Mr. A. Davies at 105 guineas, and a two-year-old by Glorious-Mangana to Mr. J. Cnheu at 100\. A two-year-old colt by Paris from Lady Susan (Colstoun's dam) was purchased by Mr. Strickland (owner of Beu Bolt) for a century. A number of other thorough bred youngsters were also submitted, but they realised low prices. 