j WÎNNY. Stranger to Canada, I think you said ? First visit to Ontario ? Weil, you're heartily welcome to Indian Creek. Take a chair on the piazza till dinner's ready. We dine early in these new-world parts. Fine farm? Well, yes; Indian Creek is a nice place, even if I do own it. Stock, too-they call it the best stocked farm in Ontario, I believe, and I dare say they're right. AU mine and yet I came to Canada twelve years ago, without even the traditional half-crown in my trousers' pockets. You look surprised. Would you like to hear the story? There's a good half hour to dinner time, and it's a story I'm never tired of telling, somehow. I began life as the son of a village carpenter in the South of England. You know that chss pretty well, and what a gulf was fixed between me and the vicar of the parish. And yet \- and yet-from the time she was seven years old and I eleven, and she fell down in the dusty road outside the carpenter's shop, and I picked her up and smoothed the little crumpled pinafore, and kissed the dust out of her golden curls, I loved but one girl in the world, and that was the vicar's daughter, Winny Branacombe. If Miss Wiony bad had a raothei, no doubt things would have been very different ; but we were alike in never knowing a woman's care, and the old vicar was blind to everything but his theological treatises. But when she eame back from her London boarding-bouse, a beautiful young lady, all smiles and graces and lovely ways-then I knew. I had tried my best to study and work, and make myself more like the men she would meet ; but what can a lad in an English village do ? I just had enough education to make every other lad in the place hate me; and beside the men of her world I suppose I cut rather an astonishing figure. Yet the love of her wa6 so beyond all else in me, that mad, hopeless as I felt it, I had no power over myself; and the first time I caught her aloue in the woods-she avoided me, I saw, and I had to watch for a chance-I told her the whole story, and waited for her answer. She grew scarlet-a rush of colour that dyed her fair sweet face -then deadly white. "Dick," she said, "and she was trembling from head to foot, " you know it can never, never be ; you know you are wrong even to dream of such a thing. Some girls would think it an insult-I know you better ; but if my father heard of this he would say you had abused his kindness to you; he would never forgive you. Forget your madness." And she ran from me. I let her go. I had seen the blush and the tremor, and I guessed that if I had been Mr. Loftus, the young squire, instead of Dick Hawtry, the carpenter's son, her answer might have been different. A great resolve sprang up in my soul, and I took a solemn vow iu those June woods. That very night I sold the old shop (my father was dead and I bad taken to the business), and with the money I bought an outfit, and started straight tor Canada. It was pretty tough work at first, but I worked like a galley slave- starved and pinched and saved, and never spent a penny on myself except for the books for which I sat up half the night to read and study. Well, in this country the man who works and doesn't drink is sure to get on ; and t had a mighty purpose in my head. By-and-bye I bought some land dirt cheap, and sold it for three times what I gave for it -then I began to make money fast. I should call my luck wonderful if I I believed in luck, and didn't prefer to think I was helped by a power far abler than my own. At last, ten years to the very day after I set foot on Canadian soil, I bought Indian Creek Farm, and began to build this house. AU the neighbours thought my good fortune had turned my brain, for I fitted it up and furnished it for a lady, down to a little rockiug chair, by my study table, and a work basket with a tiny gold thimble in it. And when all was finished I took the first ship for Liverpool. Ten years builds a city over here. It doesn't make much change in a Devonshire village. The very gateB were still half off their hinges, as I had left them, only the people were a little older and a trifle more stupid, and there was a new vicar. Old Mr. Branscombehad been dead six months; died very poor, they told me, there was nothing left for Miss Winny. My heart gave one great leap when I heard that. And Miss Winny ? Oh, she had gone governessing with some people who were just off to Canada, and the ship sailed to-morrow from Liverpool. . The Liverpool express never seemed to crawl so slowly before. I got there to find avery birth taken on board the Antarctic, and the captain raging at the non-appearance of two of the crew. Without a second's pause I offered for one of the vacant places I was as serong as a horse, and active enough, and though the captain eyed me rather askance -I had been to a West End tailor on my way through London - he was too glad to get me to ask any questions. So I sailed on the ship with my little girl, little as she kuew it. I saw her the first day or two, looking so pale and thin that she was like the ghost of her own self, and yet sweeter to my eyes than ever before. The children she had charge of were troublesome little creatures, who worried and badgered her till I longed to cuff them well. But there was a gentleness and a patience about her quite new to my idea of Miss Winny, and I only loved her the more for it. Alter the second day out the wind freshened, and I saw no more of her. We had au awful passage. It was late in November-an early winter, and the cold was intense. It blew one continuous gale, and some #f our machinery was broken-the screw damaged-and we could not keep our course. As we drew near the other side of the Atlantic, we got more and more oat of our bearings, and at last the fogs told us we «ere somewhero off the banks of Newfoundland, but where, no one was quite sure. It Beemed to me it had all happened before, or I had read it, or dreamed it. At all events, it was hardly a surprise to me when, on the tenth night, just after midnight, the awful crash and shock took place-a sensation which no one who has not felt it can imagine in the least-and we knew that the Antarctic had struck. It's a fearful thing if you come to think of it, a great steamer filled with living souls in the full flow of life and health, and in one moment the call coming to each of them to die. Before you could have struck a match the whole ship was in a panic-cries, terror, confusion, agony-ob, it was awful ! I trust never to see such a scene again. I made may way through it all as if I had neither eyes nor ears, and got to the stateroom I had long ago found out was the one which be- longed to iny girl. I knocked at the door with a heavy hand ; even at that awful moment a thrill ran through me at the thought of standing face to face with her again. *. Winny ! " I cried, " come out Î make haste ! there is not a moment to lose Í " The door opened, just as I spoke, and she stood just within, ready dressed even to her little black hat. The cabin light had been left burning by the doctor's orders, and it fell full on me as I stood there in my sailor's jersey and cap. I wondered if she would know me. I forgot the danger we were in-forgot that death was waiting, close at hand-forgot that the world hold any one but just her I and me. "Dick!" she cried-"Oh, Dick! Dick!" and she fell forward in a dead faint on my shoulder. All my senses cuni« back then, and I threw her over my arm and ran for the deck. A great lurlined cloak had been dropped by the door of the ladies' cabin. There was no light, but I stumbled orer it as I ran. I snatched it up and carried it with me. Up above, all was in the wildest chaos; the boats over-filled, and pushing off ; the ship settling rapidly, people shouting, crying, swearing. One hears tales ol calmness and courage often enough at such times, which makes ones heart glow as one reads them ; but thsre wls not much heroism shown in the wreck of the Antarctic. The captain behaved splendidly, and so did some of the passengers, but the majority of them und the crew were mad with terror, and lost their heads altogether. I saw there was not a chance for the overcrowded boats in that sea, and I sprang for the rigging. I was not a moment too soon ; a score of others followed my example, and with my precious burden I should not have a chance two minutes later. As it was I scrambled to the topmast, and got a firm hold there. Winny was just coming to herself. I had wrapped her* round like a baby in the fur cloak, and with my teeth I opened my knife to cut a rope which hung «lose within reach. With this I lashed her to me,, and fastened us both to the topmast. The ship sank gradually, she did not keel over, or I should not be telling, you the story now ; «he settled down,, just her decks above water, but great seas washed over it every second, and swept it clean. The boats had gone. One or two of the crew floating on loose spars were picked up afterward -no more. The rigging was pretty full, at least in the upper part ; down below the sea was too strong. The captain was near me. I felt glad to think he had been saved-he was not a coward like some of the others. How long was the longest night you ever knew ? Multiply that by a thou- sand, aud you will have some idea of that nights's length. The cold was awful. The spray froze on the sheets. i as it fell. The yards were slippery | with ice. I stamped on Winny's feet ' to keep them from freezing. Did you ¡ notice that I limp a little ? I shall walk lame as long as I live. Some- times there was a splash in the black- water below, as some poor fellow's, stiffened hold relaxed, and he fell from his piase from the rigging. There was not a breath of wind, nothing but the bitter fog. How long could we hold out/ Where were we? How long would the ship be before we broke up ? Would it be by drowning, or by freezing ? We asked ourselves these questions again and again, but there was no answer. Death stared us in the face, we seemed to live ages* of agony in every minute-and yet will you believe me, that all seemed little in comparison to the thought that after all the struggles and the sorrows, after all those ten weary years, I held my girl in my arms at. last. She had pulled one corner of the cloak around my neck (X stood on a level just below her) and her hand lay there with it-it was the hand that' warmed me more than the cloak-and her cheek rested against my own. Often I though its coldness was t he coldness of oeath, and almost exulted in the thought that we should die together. And then 1, would catch the murmur of the prayers she was muttering for us both, and knew that life was there still, aud hope lived to. Well, well! Why should I dwell on such horrors, except to thank the met ey that brought us through them all ? Day dawned at last ; and there was the shore near hy, and soon rockets were fired and ropes secured, and one by one the half-dead living were drawn from their awful suspen- sion between sky and sea, and landed on shore. They had to take Winny and me together, just as we were, and even then they had hard work to do my unstiffened clasp around her. I knew nothing then, nor for long after, and it is wonderful that Winny waa i he first to recover, and that it was ahe who nursed me back to life and reason. And bow did I ask her to marry me ? Upon my word, now you ask I can't remember that I ever did. That seemed utterly unnecessary, somehow. Caste distinctions look small enough when you have been staring death in the face for a few hours; and words were not much needed after we had been together in the rigging that night. Somehow I was glad it was so ; glad my girl had taken me, in my cap and jersey for a common sailor, and yet loved old Dick through it all ; glad she never dreamed I was owner of Indian Creek Farm, and the richest man in that end of Ontario, and had wealth and a position higher than Mr. Loftus, the young squire at home. The people she was with had all gone down on that awful night; she had noone in the world but me. We were married at Montreal - the captain of the Antarctic gave her- away- and then j brought her home to Indian Creek. To see her face when she saw the rocking-chair, and th« work-basket, and the thimble ! Heaven bless her Í There she comes, with her baby on her shoulder. Come in to dinner, friend, and you shall see the sweetest wife in the new country or the old the girl I won amid the ocean's surges. 