THEATRE 'ROYAL. Less je, 'Mr. Charles Vincent. Acting Mnnnger. ' . ...... Air. Harwoud. Final Retirement of Mr. J, C. . . Lambert,- ' "When he will minko his last ai-pearanee on any - , stage for ever. Those fr end-i wlio desire to honor Mr; Lambert with their presence oil this . occasion will, please take their places imme diately. - The Gentlemen Amateurs ' ihave consented to appear on this occasion with Mr. Lambert, This Evening , . Thursday, February 27th, 1S68, The Performance will commence with the 2nd : .;Aot!ot Briosley Sheridan's brilliant oowedy « 'THE RIVALS. Sir Anthony Absolute - Mr. J. 0 Lambert Chiiraoters by the Company. \- To be followed by the lst 'Act of Biiiwcr Ly tton's comedy of v,l "MONEY." , i Sir John Vesey - - Mr. J. O. Lambert (bis. last appearance in that character for ever). , ! Alfred Evelyn - Jfr. William Levey Sir Frederick Blount - Mr. Marcus Clarke Stout - Mr. Charles Warner Other Characters by the Anmteurs;: ; Trio— '- Hark I ; the Lark' at Heaven's Gntv Sings"— Mr R. Stewart nnd Misses Doey iind Maggie Stewart. To be succeeded by Scenes, (ioolnding Screen Scene) Irorn Sheridan's Com- dy, ' THE SCHOOL FOR ..SCANDAL '.' Sir Peter Teazle - - Mr. J. C. Lambert (the last character lie will ever net on . any Stage). Joseph Surface - Mr. Charles Vincent Lady Teazle " - - Miss Cleveland To which will be added the Farce entitled : « THE MODEL HUSBAND," Supported by Sir. H. R. Harwobd' ' and Company. Mr. J. C. Lambert will then read the coafc-ss- ion of his faults and bid his .friends. affinal. \- ' adieu Doors open nt 1. Commence at 8 preci cly. trices' as usual." "" " The following is a copy of his address: \- ' " Ladies and Gentlemen :I : am about to quit this world of mine for ever, to cross the footlights and live- in your world. It is very much the custom on occasions, when people, are going out of the world to make a full confession of all their sins, and I will acknowledge the excellence of the ' custom by adopting, it, so that you shall not say that I gave up the ghost without recounting the many, sins of which I have been guilty, both since I came among you, and, many years 'before: that time..". '. ' 5'. m. . "These as you may suppose were very numerous, for they have been .going on. without intermission these two and forty "years'. ' I will begin with tlie Worst offences, -nid admit I have committed murder — In tlie early part of -my career especially, I ac knowledge to have murdered several — parts, -with- which I was entrusted, but of late years I hope I have been less guilty in this respect, and that the slnides of Shakespeare, Ben Johnson, Congreve, Otway, Massiuger, llowe, and, Sheridan have been appeased, I trust by my having imparted a little life to some of their creations." ' " I have committed bigamy so often that I cannot recount the number of instances. I have married more wives than Brigliam Young, so that it is not surprising if, I should number my sons and daughters by scores if not hun dreds. Some of them, I grieve to say, I have treated with.;. great cruelty, turning them out of doors to beg or ; starve, cutting them off with a shilling, ; forcingthem intoniercenarymarriages, and otherwise provoking them to des perate measures." i " In connection with these wicked \- proceedings -'I - have used ' the'lmost- violent language to. my offspring, .but'- many times when in the very onslaught", 'of "ihy" 'furious' 'denunciations I have/ relented and. only uttered-half a curse. ;. At this moment, if. I had. -not great streiigth of mind I should be over-/' whelmed1' with' remorse'' at the conse-1 \- quences of my severity." "I have to, deplore the necessity- of frequently numbering among my acquaintances, and even among my. friends, some' very incorrigible 'scoun-. drejs;- but I beg 'you Willi. place in juxtaposition with" this fact, the cir cumstance of. having- also been on ' intimate ternis with many kind hearted, persons of every- degree'" of society/ Indeed, 1 may here remark, that in ' l-pspect to social position;- my friends- and acquaintances have iieen of" the' highest and- lowest rank, with every, intermediate grade, and that their-; dispositions have varied as infinitely- as their social posjtion." /' "My own predilections liave been - in like " manner 'fliictuatiiig. - At one/ time I liav'o -been- 'so i miserly that. I' have denied myself -the common and';' most absolute necessaries"; at others, felt -myself proniptefV 'bv' > generous impulses so strong that I have'had/no hesitation in giving away large .sums of money, vast estates,1 'Priceless jew els, aiid even crowns and kingdoms." . " I. , .confess, . however, these gifts \ have ..been bestowed with but an in; fliseriminate-haiicl. and thatuudeserv- ! i'rig men have profited by my promis-: . euousliberality; " ----o0 "Like 'all other members of my . profession, I have lived a double life,', and it is only, in one of mine, tlie great ... primgg. I eniuiierated and/ ao- knowiedged.have been committed. My \ sei-iohs1 vices, 'I ' trust,' have all been committed this side of- the footlights. " ' " But in "the world where in future- I am going to dwell, I trust you will- credit me' with' having doiie' my duty ' as a. good, citizen, aiuLthat.whcn iu a< . fewdays Iv8tep"6ri'bdard the vessel -wliidh' will -'bear me from this bright' aiid beautifvil " countr y/M "shall ca rry ' witlv!!pd' v'quf . wishes and yqur, kindly, esteem," " Permit me a parting word about my Ill-other managers, "w.:th . whom, for the last) twelve months I have been intimately associated.- 1 never thought ' to have drafted intoinanagementagain,/ but 'there were, such . pressing, reasons', , why this fine theatre should not be' ' alioWd' to' and why it"1, sho.u jd not fall into incompetent hands thai; T consented to become one of the/' 7c67plaiteiHii"ljy'"wlHcir" i<»" affairs-. have'been .'lately' "ad ministered." ; "I,appeal' to you .to -say -.whether,/ we have managed the Theatre Royal 1 'satisfactorily, aiid: whether'1, we have'1 7 'not fiTlfille'd-tlie pron/ies'iha'dfe 'aP the beginning of our career. Although"- ' we have not obtained a wonderfulv pecuniary success, I can but think/ that we havefgiven our patrons', fair: value for their money, and I'-am' happy'., tc think at this moment that the fepu-/ tation and popularity of the- Theatre - 7 Royal are'as goo"d'"as they -have at any , time been since it was opeiiedlnetftiy.' -fifteen years ,ugo. Let me ask you to'- doufiihue your support to the mana-1. gerial .firm - as it nojv existsat -least ' ' anequal 'measure of' support.""' Fts '; members are well known to you, and- are, I am sure, greatly respected." (To be Continued)' 