THE PUBLIC MEETING. The public jubilee meeting of the Baptist Union of New South Wales took place in the Bathurst-street Baptist Church last evening. There was a very good attendance, and the chairman of the union, the Rev. Charles Bright, presided over the gathering. Amongst those present on the platform were the Revs. W. E. Rice (delegate from South Australia), W. Whale (delegate from Brisbane), W. C. Sunning (delegate from Victoria), D. Davis, F. Hibberd, E. Price, and J. Williams. The proceedings were opened with surging and prayer, after which The CHAIRMAN expressed his pleasure at seeing such a good audience, and proceeded to read letters of apology for non-attendance from various gentlemen. A letter was read from the Rev. T. Spurgeon, of Auckland, New Zealand, who wished the Baptists of New South Wales every success, and stated that he would have been delighted to have attended the jubilee meetings, but was prevented from leaving Auckland owing to church business. A telegram was also received from the Rev. W. Poole, of Brisbane (who it will be remembered was one of the survivors of the wreck of the Ly-ee-Moon), offering congratulations, and hoping that the ubiloo of the Baptists of New South Wales would be a joyful epoch in the history of the Church and the precursor of great things. The telegram in question was signed by Mr. Poole on behalf of the Baptist ministers of Brisbane. The chairman also read a characteristic letter from the Rev. C. H. Spurgeon, of London, which had been received by the Rev. W. C. Sunning respecting the departure of a minister of the denomination from England to Australia. A letter was also received from the secretary of the Young Men's Christian Association, in which the writer conveyed the warmest fraternal greetings of the members of the association to the union. The CHAIRMAN then requested the Rev. W. E. Rice, of South Australia, to deliver his address on " The Condition and Strength of the Baptist Church." The Rev. T. E. RICE, who was heartily applauded on coming forward, prefaced his remarks by offering an explanation regarding the absence of the Rev. S. Mead, whose name first appeared in the advertisements as the delegate from South Australia, but who had been compelled to remain at home in consequence of serious illness in his family. He then went on to say that the Baptist Church must not be judged by its condition and strength in New South Wales, or indeed in any of the Australasian colonies. There were, he said, 13,325 members of the Church in the Australasian colonies at the present time, and if that number were multiplied by three the usual method of computation it would give them in round numbers 40,000 adherents to their denomination in those colonies. (Applause.) The rev. gentleman then quoted statistics to give his hearers a correct idea of the denomination generally. He said there were in America at the present time 28,953 regular Baptist churches, 19,191 ordained Baptist ministers, and 2,572,238 church members.' (Applause.) In 1776-a hundred years ago there were only 26,000 members of the Baptist Church in America, so that during the last century they had increased in that country at the rate of 25,472 per year. The annual increase during late years had been much larger than that, and during the year 1885, for instance, 135, 40 persons were baptised. (Applause.) The institutions of the Church and its financial strength had grown proportionately. After referring to the growth of the denomination in Great Britain the speaker said their membership strength for the whole world (including foreign mission stations could not be much ,"1CSB than 3,000,000, which gave a total of at least 9,000,000 adherents to their denomination. That was a host numerous enough, rich enough, intelligent enough, and mighty enough-if there was but heart enough to evangelise the whole world. The largest church in the world at the present time was a Baptist church, and the greatest preacher was a Baptist minister. (Hear, hear.) He referred to the Metropolitan Tabernacle and its | renowned pastor, the Rev. C. H. Spurgeon. ("Applause.) The subject of spiritual strength was then alluded to at considerable length, and the speaker concluded an excellent address with a stirring appeal to his hearers to pray for a fresh baptism of power from on high After the singing of a hymn, The Rev. W. WHALE (of Brisbane) delivered an address on " The Principles of the Baptist Church." The speaker said it was not his intention to be in any strong sense controversial, rather be would aim to be expository Regarding the audience not strictly as Baptists but as in- quirers and students, he would not take too much for granted, but would seek briefly to put before them essential truths, and, believing that they should not ignore points of agreement, he preferred to state these first of all. There were some points of agreement with all who hold to the existence of God and more still with those who believed in the proper deity of Christ and the personality of the Holy Spirit. In these and some other respects they were at one with the Romanist ; but generally, it might be said, they were Protestants, after the ordinary meaning of that word, refusing to acknowledge any of the Papistical or priestly or clerical claims of Rome. The Baptists were also called Nonconformists, because they would not give their un- feigned assent to the Book of Common Prayer. They were called Dissenters in England, because they would not admit that the Church should, or even could be made subject to the King or Queen or Parliament and because they do not own the right of the secular arm to interfere with matters of opinion so as to create civil, political, social, or religious distinctions. Every person acquainted with the history of the old country know that the words Nonconformist and Dissenter were fall of meaning, and told how much their fathers suffered to obtain for them the right to think and the liberty to worship God according to the dictates of conscience. (Applause.) To those meeting in the various churches of their faith and order, they might well say, " With a great sum obtained who this freedom In colonies where the Baptista were about as early in the field as others, and where there are no State churches, and where Government is not supposed to favour any section of the Church (said the speaker), the word Nonconformist is out of place, and the word Dissenter is an insult, offered either by those who are unacquainted with history For by those who are too impudent to gum wisdom by their studies The Baptists are one with all Evangelical Churches in their preaching of the gospel of Christ, and of J unification by faith and regeneration by the Holy Spirit, and they think themselves better able than most to give a clear testimony to spiritual truth He would add that Baptists were as a rule congregational in their church polity, and had equal right to that word with those who were distinctively celled Congregationalists This was a matter of church polity, now over, and he would not do all upon it Now he would put before them one view of their distinctive principle as a denomination, a principle which led out in varied directions which he would after ards indicate They Were Baptists, not of choice, but by conviction Many of them were not brought up in Baptist training some of them never heard of Baptists until they had sought the truth of New Testa- ment teaching It would be easy for him to quote scholarly men to show that infant sprinkling was not known during Apostolic times, not for generations afterwards, also to show that the accurate use of the word baptism always indicates immersion The ordinary reader of the divine word may easily perceive that there are reasons why a Greek word has been put simply into English letters transplanted, in fact, not translated One reason clearly is that they could not put in the cow red meaning without re- baking themselves for their unscriptural practice, and another that they would rather wound the truth than hurt their own pride That this view of the word is correct is evidenced by the Greeks throughout the world, for they practise immersion to this day As to the subjects and as to the mode, they claim that even their opponents confess that the Baptist position is the only position which is unassailable But there are many who think the more a matter of utter indifference, and no (Mr. Whale) would show that the mode was of the essence of baptisms without which, in their view, no baptism was really administered In ChriBfinnit) they had, first, historic facts, then the proclamation of those facts, then the acceptance of those facts, by faith, then the witness bearing to those facts, as a moral and spiritual force within the life, then the realisa- tion of those facts in the actual experience and last of all those facts repeating themselves in the individual believer Let them follow care fully, and he would lead them briefly over the ground The two facts connected with the historic Christ are the death and resurrection of Jesus With- out those two facts there is no historic christianity The men nation, the perfect life, the divine teaching, the beauty is at philanthropy would all have been lost to the world and the Church but for these facts Even the ore citizen would have been but the tragic end of a beautiful career had there not been the resurrection and baptism is a resurrection truth The preaching of the Apoktlesvvas boned upon the might say limited to these two facts Peter at Pentecost could say, that whom the Jews slew, God raised up " That was IUB thereto, and it was the proclamation of those facts which pricked to the heart his hearers, who were afterwards baptised Paul delivered unto the Corinthians that which he received, how that "Christ died for our sins, and rose again the third day " Peter and Paul were both content to proclaim as essential to Christianity the two fundamental facts These two facts are offered for faith, and accepting Jesus as lim of issue inflame l,Mniy,T,o. flag The flag ft,, T TITI Here. I was raised up from the dead. The faith which does ' not embrace Jesus was crucified, dead, and buried, is not true Christian faith, and none would ever have regarded those facts but for the glorious resurrection Faith which ignores the resurrection is not Christian faith. Here the two great testifying ordinances of Christianity come into UBO, and here they must get their true meaning. There are only two ordinances, because there are only two facts which are absolutely essential. Those two ordinances are historical monuments oJLtho facts, and historical monuments are more durable and more suggestive than brass or marble. By those two ordinances we keep before the world evidence of the two facts, and the correctness of our testimony is in proportion to our strict fidelity to facts. As to the one fact of burial and resurrection, our testimony as witnesses depends upon our accuracy, and therefore that which is not a burial and resurrection is not a Christian baptism. Any one reading the sixth chapter of Romans will see that we need to be " planted together in the likeness of His death, that we may ' so also in the likeness of His resurrection.' " Paul is there explaining baptism. If the form is altered, the teaching is perverted, for the teaching is in the form, and the form has to do with facts. Another step has to be taken that our; faith may regard not only the historic Christ and facts, but also the indwelling Christ, and life, and character. Here again the same teaching holds good. To be " crucified with Christ and to " rise with Christ are of the essence of Christianity. Crucified because of sin, risen because of the power of God to conquer sin and its results. One step more in this series, and we find our quest. The two facts essential to Christ's history as Saviour, and to our faith as Christians, and to our testimony as witnesses, and to our experience as saints, are the two great ultimate facts of individual Christian history, suffering ending in death, and burial followed by resurrection. The former is what may be termed the doctrine of the blood, and the latter the doctrine of the Spirit. Having dwelt upon the Baptist argument at great length, Mr. Whale briefly stated the" principles involved to which the Baptists were able to bear Bpoelal testimony. Those were the spirituality of the church as a fellowship of regenerate persons, the sufficiency of the New Testament as a rule of faith, the separation of the church from the world, the right and duty of personal study and private judgment, and of action according to faith-the priesthood of all believers the spirituality of individual religion, and of the Church, leading up to a larger unity in Christ Jesus. The rev. gentleman concluded by saying that if they, as Baptists, were not better men, more loyal to Christ, more faithful to conviction, more conformable to His character, more devoted to His service, more generous to His cause, more spiritual in their devotions, and with clearer vision of their high calling and glorious destiny, the fault was not in their principles. (Loud applause.) Rev. W. C. BUNNING (of Victoria) then addressed those present on " The Mission of the Baptist Church," which he said was to seek by all means the conversion of souls to promote the spiritual fellowship of the saved to exhibit and maintain the distinction between the Church and the world; and to gratefully recognise the endowments of the Holy Ghost, wherever found, because they believed in the spiritual priesthood of all believers. A collection was taken up, and the meeting terminated shortly before 10 o'clock. 