"OLD GEORGE BATES." Few are aware that there still lives in South Australia one who, in point of years, eclipses all the old residents of the province, who, years before the colony was declared, lived in it a wild and ad- venturous life, who remembers the arrival of all the pioneer ships from first to last, and welcomed them in many instances to these shores, and who still lives in the vicinity of Hog Bay, existing on Govern- ment rations with his aged wife in a miserable hut. George Bates, or "Fireball," as he was called by his mates from his red hair, was born on April 13, 1800, in Wood- street, Cheapside, London. His father was in the militia. The lad was of a roving adventurous turn of mind, and his thoughts turned early towards the sea. When about 10 years old he joined a schoolship lying at Deptford, and subsequently made several voyages to the Cape, India, and elsewhere. In 1823 he joined the ship Commodore Hayes, chartered by the Eng- lish Government to convey convicts to Hobart Town. After discharging her load of unfortunates the vessel proceeded to Sydney, whence Bates embarked on a seal- ing excursion to the islands of the Great Bight. On her way back the brig put into Kangaroo Island and took on board 60 tons of salt from the lagoon. Here Bates's adventurous spirit prompted him to leave the vessel and try a hunter's life on the lonely island. He induced a comrade named John Randall to accompany him, and, together, they slipped ashore at night —all hands having turned in more or less drunk—in a boat with three dogs belong- ing to the captain. Next morning the absence of the runaways was disco- vered, and the captain, with three of the sailors, came ashore. They recovered the dingy in which Bates and his comrade had landed, and which they had left on the beach. After waiting a day for them to return the vessel set sail, and the two men were left on the island. Their land- ing place was the mouth of American River, and they had brought some stores with them. After the departure of the brig they set to work to build a hut and find water. The following day they took the dogs hunting, and caught three wallabies. On the third day just before sundown Bates went outside his hut and saw three men on an adjoining hill making towards him. His first idea was that they were black fellows, and he rushed for his gun, but on their nearer approach he saw they were white men. They turned out to be whalers, named Warley, Kirby, and Everett, who had run away from their ship at Hog Bay a few weeks before, and were then searching for water. Kirby had a black woman with him, whom he had brought over from Van Diemen's Land. They all decided to stick together, the black woman proving of the greatest value to them in their hunting expedi- tions through the scrub, while the boat helped them to supply themselves with plenty of fish and sealfish. While hunting at Antechamber Bay Bates and his mates saw a schooner pass- ing through Backstairs Passage. This proved to be the vessel which had brought the ill-fated Captain Barker, who was re- turning with convicts from Western Aus- tralia, to explore the Murray mouth, and had landed him at Yankalilla with a small party. They took the four runaways on board, and proceeded to the Murray in hopes of obtaining some news of Captain Barker, who had not been seen by his companions since he swam across the river. Here Bates formed a daring plan for obtaining some information on this subject. In the darkness of the night he and his mates surprised a camp of natives. Bates acted the part of the orthodox ghost, dressed in a white sheet, and his costume and dismal groans so frightened the black fellows that as soon as awake they fled in all directions. A young girl of about 16 bolted straight into Warley's arms, and he at once secured and gagged her. From her they learnt that Captain Barker had been speared by the natives and his body hidden in the scrub. On the departure of the schooner for Sydney Bates and his comrades returned to Hog Bay, receiving from Dr. Davis, who took command after the captain's death, a small boat in ex- change for their services. The black girl was claimed by Warley as his property, and lived with him at Hog Bay, assisting him to hunt. While on an excursion to Thistle Island, sealing, Bates found the 20-ton cutter Mary, which had been sent round from Sydney to pick up Sturt if he succeeded in making his way down the Murray-mouth to the sea. It is scarcely necessary to say that the daring explorer had to make his way back to New South Wales up the river, as he could not reach the mouth, and the cap- tain of the cutter was not even aware of its locality. Some change had now taken place in the personnel of the party, Warley having sailed with a whaling captain, and having handed over his native girl to Bates, while two of the crew of the Mary had joined the Kangaroo Islanders. Thomas and Jack (the two men from the Mary) were anxious to obtain wives from among the natives, and the party of five, leaving the two women hunting and fishing on the island, crossed over to the mainland to under take this chasse aux femmes. They landed at Cape Jervis, and walked across country to Lake Alexandrina, having no small difficulty in eluding the natives, who were very numerous. Their method of captur- ing the women was simple. Waiting until the morning was well advanced, and the men were out hunting, they stole up under cover until close to this camp, when at a signal they rushed forward and secured their prizes before they had time to es- cape. They made four trips with this object at dfiferent times, securing one or two women each time, who, when cap- tured, had their hands tied behind their backs, and were made to walk with their captors in double quick time back to the boat. They were set at liberty on reach- ing Hog Bay, where they in most cases proved useful and willing slaves. One girl, whom Bates named "Puss," from her propensity to scratch the face of her owner when in a rage, lived for years afterwards at Hog Bay. As the trips for women increased in number so also grew the danger, the last one they made nearly costing Bates his life. When they landed at Cape Jervis the natives were watching them, and when the whites were three miles inland an attack was made, Bates receiving a spear in the foot, but escaping with a slight wound. With so many "servants" to wait upon them the white dwellers on Kangaroo Island grew luxurious and lazy, and would re- main at their ease in camp for weeks, while their dusky companions hunted and brought them food. The romantic story of one of the captives swimming Back- stairs Passage and rejoining her tribe is declared by Bates to be only partly true. She was a recent capture, and had been given the name of "Bett". On reaching the island she fled from the camp with another girl, who had been caught in the same raid. They were absent a fortnight before they were found, almost starving, some 10 miles along the beach. On the first opportunity the unfortunate girl rushed into the sea with the intention of swimming across to Cape Jervis, but was either drowned or eaten by sharks. The islanders did some trade in wallaby and kangaroo skins with Captain Hart, of Launceston, receiving 30s. per 100 for them. As orders on the owner of the vessel were of no use to them they took their payment in goods sold at fabulous prices—tobacco at 10s. per lb., shirts of the commonest description 10s. each, and rum at £3 10s. per gallon. About this time (1830) Bates very foolishly hazarded himself amongst the blacks of Cape Jervis. He had persuaded an old native of that tribe to come over to Hog Bay with his son. The lad died, and Bates accepted the bereaved parents' invitation to go back with him to his tribe. The men would hunt for him, give him wives, and make him a chief among them. Against the wishes and warnings of his comrades Bates went, and was received at a grand corroboree, where he was pre- sumably made a member of the tribe by being thrown on his back, and having all the males jump on his body in succession. At first the natives treated him as one of themselves, although they never let him out of their sight, and ap- peared suspicious of him; but when the dogs he had brought over were knocked up by hunting, he was left to shift for himself. He fell ill, and the three natives who remained with him—the old man Condoy, a young, girl named Sal, and a boy nicknamed Friday—begrudged him almost any provisions. When he had given up hope and lain down to die in a cave near this shore, he was discovered by his mates, who had crossed over to the mainland to find out what had become of the missing man. As a punishment for their neglect of Bates the three natives mentioned above were carried away in to cap- tivity on the island. When out hunting the Cape Jervis natives showed a mysterious dread of the Onkaparinga River, alleging as a reason that it was inhabited by some terrible animal which would exterminate the tribe if they came within range of his sense of smell. Their camps always had a watch set at night for fear of sudden attacks from the inland tribes. Many were marked with smallpox, and Bates was greatly surprised to see that these were inoculated on the arm. The Port Lincoln natives, to whom the islanders sometimes devoted their attentions, were exceedingly unsociable and fierce, even the women of that tribe whom they stole having fiery and de- termined tempers. In the meantime the settlers (if such they may be called) had built a substantial dwelling at Antechamber Bay, which they made their depot, and here they lived for the most part until the coming of the first immigrants in 1836. One evening in September of that year, Nat Thomas made his appearance in their camp, which was then pitched at Hog Bay River, and excitedly told his mate that a large ship crowded with people had anchored off Kingscote in Nepean Bay. This was the John Pirie, having on board the first instal- ment of the South Australian Company's immigrants. The next day at dawn Bates with his mate, three native women, and several dogs started off to welcome the newcomers, but were received with shouts of alarm and a general stampede of men, women, and children up the cliff from the beach. The two islanders— clothed in opossum skin shirts, and with coats, trousers, and boots made of the skin of the red kangaroo—were mistaken for savage inhabitants of the new country. After some time a gentleman came for- ward and introduced himself as Mr. Samuel Giles, the manager of the com- pany, who regaled them with a good dinner in his tent, and then asked them for particulars as to the climate, soil, &c.;, of Kangaroo Island. Their reply, that the whole of the island was covered with a dense scrub, was a great disillusionment for Mr. Giles, who, relying on the state- ments of Captain Sutherland, came ex- pecting a land flowing with milk and honey, and rich in gold and other minerals. The settlers started building huts along the Kingscote beach, but Bates has but a very poor opinion of the industry of the men selected by the com- pany. According to him the employes were so lazy that Mr. Stephens had to stop their rations to induce them to work. Hereupon the men mutinied, and were only brought to reason when Mr. Stephens produced his pistols, and ordered them out of his tent. Two of the ringleaders were afterwards im- prisoned in Adelaide. Bates did some hut building for the company, and also accompanied Colonel Light in his survey of the coast in the brig Rapid. Later on he worked at loading ships on the Port Adelaide wharves, and had a turn at the Bendigo diggings without much success. On his return to Kangaroo Island, a place which always seems to have had a great attraction for him, he tried farming and sealing, and now in his 87th year lives in a poorly thatched hut with his wife, aged 76. Bates gives the following explanation of local names given since the expeditions of Flinders and Baudin :—American (pro- perly Pelican) River, is called after an American ship (the General Gates) which anchored there, and built a flat-bottomed barge still to be seen embedded in the mud. Stunsailboom River was so named from the fact of a stunsailboom being washed ashore at its mouth. Flour Cask Bay received its name for a similiar reason, while Hog Bay was so called by the runaways from Hobart for some un- known reason. 