THE LAST OF JUMBO. JMBO hbas bee.sp uffed, and his carcase is now, on s o q in ,tlie laboratory of Pro feisor 'Henry, A.-'Ward, the Rochester taxidermist. There his huge bulk now. stands, an'effigy ofdeparted greatness, and squints sardonically at his well sciaped skeletoni which has been skilfully put togetherand set up in another cor ner of the room. Professor Ward took the contract some time ago, and has success fully carried it out. An English paper says :-The. brst thing was to build a huge frame o6fwood and iron, that would conform to the great beast's well-known shape. This was hoarded up with two inch strips until it looked like a hogshead mounted on four piles of kegs. Then the hide ,hallf n inch thick, and weighing '15381b,' was drawn over this frame. the hide was taken off .his huge carcase in thrce pieces, and steeped into sullution of arsenic, alum, and cor rosive sublimate,,for two months before it went upon thle;wooden statue of Jumbo. Then his tusks' were stuck into the sockets prepfaifd'Tr them, little brown glass eyes were put, in their places, a coquettish twist wasgiven to his trunk, and "Jumbo was liimself again. The whole structure weighing about three tons stands on a.strogg platform, and it is so bolted together that the fatigues of travel are not expected to injure it at all. As the 'effigy `i tnds'on its pedestal in Professor Ward's laboratory, it is four teen feet loag,. elvqitt high, eighteen feet about the girts fsour'feet ten inches across the ears; aed'l ye feet three inches around the foot. In planes the skin is one and a half inches thick, and looks and feels like te bark of an old mable tree. It issnewed ijs'o 'neatly that the seams cannot be' diecovered, and it is held to its place;9p to h Vpodeni frame by more than 74,00Q La lý There are sparse coarse hairs all over'it. and those on the trunk are sharp, and stiff as needles. There were a number of longer hairs growing on the tip of his tail, but the enterprising your g Vandals of Cana da while he was' lying in state at St Thomas's plucked 'hem out and sold them to relic hunters'at five dollars each. In transportation pedestai' and all will be lifted into a waggdo' which:is twenty-five feet long, and can he rain and lowered at will. This will be .jy,tn about the ring at M1ladison-square. a'( enl with the children" on the, back of$ the wooden mnonster, just as i'i the days when he enjoyed a flesh and blood ,and gin eel br.Aead existence. Waggon and all wrllpie loadled upon; a special car, the body 6f"\vhich is only six inches above the ground. And, yet, if:this. tallest of clephants had been but a little bit taller it wiould'have been im possible to get him tiiA hli,,the railroad tunnels by any arrangements whatever. 'Next in importance ,to the substantial ghost of' J. Africanus'.stands his skele ton. It would stocky a bone boiling establishment for a year. It weighs 8001b., and is said byt Lroessor Ward to be, the largest , sk ep of a modern terrestrial' mammel in the 'world. It towers up in the air, a framework of huge bleatchid bonefs"audariibiPzheld by ' iron and copper rode, belts au~d3.rivets.". The great backbone is therQi ,f9m.tip, of tail tocervicalvertebrce, with leatlrer washers in place of the usual gristle between the joints.' The .: dorsaal vertebrae, which stick up;. in ,i the... air 'like the spines on ..the hack:{pf ., some disagreeable varieties.,of,.it tle,ish, have acurious depression in the lumbar region. It looks asif the carrying of9lo ds of happy childrencin=Jumbo's greep apd salad days had made him hollow.backed, like a colt that is broken~to the saddlq at too early an age. Jumbo was not by anygmeans the venerable monster that people supposed him to be. He was not twyenty five `years: old when he forgot to get: out of 'the road of that railroad train; and had many years more to get his growth. He increased' seven L inclhes in height while in America. His tusks which were worn off shorm ;Iy perpetual rubbing against the N' wills of his English prison cell, grew "u foot. The great shapeless skull ia'cTrilcild 'ard seamed, hut' {thi 'is 1 i! alli natnral. The fractures (produce'd"'%y the' manner of 'his untimely 'talling""qoff .have all> been>h lidden. " Th ''keleton iaito'hie'takeii upart in travellitig, acd a number of boxes ,have een prepared to receive the compoinenitjzp' ts. ghc pieces aire 'labelled, ' Jumbo Africanus, right front leg, &e.;,' to prevent ' mixing those bonesi up' on'the ~ron ua'd consequent attemp~ts'to' improve o'n nature in the architectnre of elephants. Jumbo carried round with; <him six and one half quarts, or over a cubic foot of brains. His bulging brow always gave him aniaspectfof;:contem-. rative, benevolent intelligence, and now t is known that his looks d4 not belie hi;. :as far as mental. equipment was concerned at least. What the art people would call 'apriyae yiaw of this immortal parchyderm was given to a nuber of newspapermen in Rochester. In order that the party would have a fellow feeling for. the d8pated ..elephant they were fed on ivory 3el y made from, the inner part of his tusks.2 Thus do the great live over again in their friends I 