A BARRACK GHOST STORY; Prisoner, have yon any objection to be tried by me as president, or. by any . member of this court-martial !' aetedthe ; field-officer who had beep detailed for tile 5- duty of presiding over the court. ' No, sir,' I answered ; for it was my .. most unenviable situation that morning . to be bromrht to the ennrt.rnnm fnr trial having been ' pot back9 to my . command ing officer a few days before on a charge of having been asleep o.n my post while , my indutment as n conduct in prejndlqs . to good order and military diadplina£. The members composing the court- : were then sworn, and the trial proceeded in the enmbrons fesMon pecnliar to mili tary tribunals, the president laboriously - writing down every word of the e video as - as It was uttered. The sergeant who . had been in charge of the guard at the time of my alleged offence waa the prin cipal witness against me, and he began to describe, with grotesquely nngram- matical volubility, how he had fonnd ma. stretched on the ground asleep ; hot was at once pnlled op short by the president, who ordered him to say what he had to say in aa few words as possible. 'Was the prisoner sober!' asked one of the officers when the aergaartt had-- finished his evidence. 'Quite sober, sir,' replied the man iff stripes. The men who composed the relief having corroborated the sergeant's state ment; I was called upon for my defennsL I therefore narrated to the oourt,.that shortly before my two horns on duty had expired, I saw a white figure carrying a drawn sword pass close to my post ; and that, being of a nervous, excitable , temperament, I was so frightened that I fell to the ground in an unconscious state, and only recovered when I was ronsed by the sergeant of the guard. 'Prisoner,' remarked the president, ' in my twenty years' experience of the . > army, I Have served onnnmerous courts- . martial, and have heard all kinds of in- genious defences pnt forward by .man In your present position in.excnse of the of- - fences with which they were charged ; . bnt your line ie the most remarkable - that has come nnder my observation.,,, Who, do yon think; will credit a story of that description ! Assuredly not Lfor. one. — Now, prisoner,' ' continued the, ;, major in a kindly tone, 'I most advise yon that your action in submitting to the court a statement of that description ia - extremely injudicious. Yon will do your self a positive injury by persevering in., it, not only with regard to the probable extent of your punishment, bnt also to your reputation as a soldier. It . mil i . far better for yon simply to own.tbat yon >. were asleep. Yon are a yonng man whn has served bnt six months in this regi- ment ; so, nnder the circnmntances, aa- - saming that yon adopt my.anggestiapf,, . which fa assuredly meant for yoor good, ; the court may think fit, consistently with - , the duty demanded of it. by the hard and feet requirements of military law, to re- - commend a much lighter sentence of im- , priaonment than wonld be administered.'. > to an older and more experienced member of the service.' . , 'lean only tell.. the truth, sir,'. L-i- nrged. 'That, then, is yonr defence— thatyoa „ were frightened by the figure yoaaawT . asked the officer in a tone of vexation. 'That ie my defence; elr,' I replied. ' VwyweU, rold the president, renting . -down any ghitwrnt: — 1 Escort, iBtnove i tiif priwMww— Stop ! About his cbar- acter? Call the of hlrwm- pany.' /' J.;- "; My uMshjr the sbBudooPi stated that my wrfnc&had; fawn mrtffc zsapfeiy ;»pflw Jiliini T rutelwed At command : "Left torn, quick march T Bhuahtheir deliberations orTfhe duration of the period of imprisonment which they . I ehali now relate the -facts in con nection with the appearance of the ' figure' before alluded to. At one o'clock on the moming of my arrest. I was posted on sentry in front of a wall which had been built on the face of e cHff overhanging the beach. Why that particular spot - required 'guarding, when any attempt on the part of a soldier to break ont of barracks would be eqnive- lent-to committing suicide, as the rock had - a sheer unbroken descent of one hundred and fifty feet, wee a matter of pmiing ppacnlatinn to the men of all the regiments -which in turn occupied the quarters X refer to. A tradition, how- tec, which una retailed to me . by an gad veteran who officiated ae a barrack labourer, threw some light on the sub ject Many years before, the colonel of i regiment which was about to leave the ' town in order to embark for India, placed a sentry on the spot, to prevent Ma men from throwing over the rdiff the rubbish that accumulates in changing quarters j and the relieving regiment Boding this man on duty, had nppjjwt liia place without troubling themselves about the- why and where fore; the post became in consequence a permanent institution, . and a sentry guards the wall to this day. The morning on which I was on guard was exceedingly cold and frosty. The moon shone brightly, throwing the dark shadow of the adjoining officers' quarters .half-way across the parade- ground in front. In the valley beneath I could see distinctly every gable and chimney of of the houses of the old- fashioned town' that -nestled eo cosily in the hollow between the precipitous cliffs. The moon was reflected brightly in the ocean to the south, -and by its light I could even see the glittering bayonet of the sentry who guarded the govern- ment-Btoree oo the pier, a mile distant. Our gallant soldiers oo duty, however, have but little regard for the picturesque ; and like most men eimilarly situated, I was wearying for the termination of my two hours' vigil, and lit'le inclined to admire the snrronnding scenery. At length the clock atrnck three ; and I was at once 'filled with e feeling of cheery satisfaction at the immediate prospect of bong relieved, and of returning to the warm guardroom and drinking a cnp of hot coffee before turning off to sleep. Iheardthe sentry on the gats Instily ahont ' Sentry-go !' as aenmmons for the reliefto turn out.; and just as I was preparing to take a last turn on my post, I -perceived, at the extremity of the shadow cast by the officers' quarters, a ghostly figure in a long white robe; turning in its hand a drawn sword. I endeavoured to shout -for assistance, bet was so 'harrowed with fear and wonder,' that X was noableto articulate a single word,— but stood - perfectly transfixed, ronnd and raised its diseugaged hand to its white head -covering, as if in salute, its -aspect -unfilled me "with terror, that bring, us I— mentioned before, of a nervous temperament, I fell to the ground, and only -recovered consciousness when a' minute -or two afterwards, I was vigorously shaken up by the sergeant of the- guard. That non-commissioned officer along with .the men of relief l&nghed; heartily when I described the— fright I had mskivBd, and remarked that I had been dreaming. The -sergeant, however, per-' formed the duty required of him by the TnJee of -discipline in a most inexorable fashion. He deprived me of my »« and belts, and confined me in the prison Bia'-unsrters in the guard-room. Next day I was -taken before the commanding officer, a hot-headed Welshman, whom 1 ehali call Colonel .Morgan, charged with having been aaleep on my post. To him I related particulars -of -the mysterious figure X bad Been ; but -my statement, instead of proving -a satisfactory excuse for my offence, se I -hoped it would, -threw the cokmel ioto e state of great indignation, anfl-he at- -once -remitted me " for trial by coartmartial. On the third dayafcerthe Bitting of the court, I was informed that my sentence would he promulgated at forenoon parade. With" sinking -heart, I heard the 'assembly' stranded, then the ' fall in ami rifa'ui ity-aRei wards -the band played merrily, -as if in mockery of my acitation. fteotted'by a -fife of the guard, I marched to the "centre of the hollow square-irrto which theregiment had been formed-; -and the adjutant read out ury sentence, which was, that I "Should he- -imprisoned with hard labour for a "period of' eighty-four day Appended to ihe -confirmation of the proceedings ' of the court mar rial byihe -general commanding the district was a mote to the following effect : Considering the mature of the prisoner's defame, which -was calculated to excite an "uneasy forifng -among the men of his regiment, -T' -consider the pnnishment frlffulnd quite! ihmIk juste to "the enormity rfdrisriffonce. gfiumMfeywramnrtadharidhp'ffad, to "'a" military prison "about six miles distant,- — where, - after" having been intriSdocsd -to -a- most"isefect -assemblage of emng'-brathran -iff ihe sword, who WBtewcJgaged "in- "the adrilaretme ouinpationof jvl ii»g-vialnTTn- alternated —iLL-the agieuafate hmamuiier Uxercise of 1 rfseaatt and idqgtsding situation in which - 1 -found myself, tham'iiofonfir-cf xnyuBn/made me, naturally enough, deeply regret my Mi» in Striad'-ilhe antiy, :«sd sxgted wirafo-- frfe'-'mimy,mplaarairt:-TeflBnttnmi on JimgpbflyivqiBiilH inovil life which X had thrown to the winds, v Take Mickey Free's father, in Lever's Charles O'Malley, I heartily ejacnlated : ' Bad jneWn ia fraud that-held rile hammer l shilliwgvth at listen nrel1 NuwlSor fhe seqaelhtqxny ghost fetqiy, which sees related tdemetwhen I was $h- feasedfopm durang|Sle. .- ..... Between two end three o'clock cm the wmmin|, nt the flsj I mc I»lran prison, a man came screaming into the guardroom of the barracks, exhibiting -and dei-laring that. he,too, hadseen the 'figure while on sentry ; and nis usecnp- tinn of. itB «pp»av«nw> was precisely i similar to mine. The sergeant of. the guard .at once ;rnBhed to the ufficerg'-jjOBTteta, woke up the adjutant, and informed him of the ghost's alleged/reappearance. A hne-and cry was at once instituted ; .and the orderly setgeants having been roused, a -'check roll' was called, to ascertain -whether any man had left his room for the pnrpose of playing a practical joke. Every nook and. cranny in barracks, from the officers' quarters to the wash houses, were rigidly-examined ; but the . spectre had apparently vanished into thin air, leaving all the regiment in a state of unpleasant snspense. 'What's all the row V shouted the rrdnntJ from the window of his room, he navins - been awakened by the unusual Mmmnrinn m barracks. f The ghost has appeared, again, sir,',, replied the adjutant ' Have yon caught him ?' . 'No,, sir.' 'If yon do, put him, white aheet and. ell, in the guardroom. £ should very , rench like to see the gentleman,' , remarked the colonel as he closed the anil of his window -and returned to bed. That morning, at orderly, hour, Colonel Morgan remitted the unfortmi&tefello; w, who, like me. had been . scared by -the mysterious visitant, for trial by - .court-, martial, declaring that be would put an effectual check on these absurd fancies of ihe sentries.: and .immediately before the usual parade he delivered a most characteristic warning to the regiment on the subject. After . describing the condign punishment which any practical joker, whether officer or private, might expect if caught in the act playing the .ghost, tbe commanding officer furiously exclaimed : ' When a soldier is on duty, I expect that be will stick to hie post, even supposing the Evil One . himself should make his appearance ; and I will try by court- martial any. man who dares to act contrary to my. express injunc tions,' That afternoon, however, when the guard mounted, the .adjutant privately gave orders that the oldest so Idier.ahoald be detailed for-theisecond relief on tbe haunted post ; and this selection fell on a brawny Torkshireman. a .Crimean and . Indian vetern named Sykes. Sykes at. once intimated it as bis intention to have a shot at the spectre; end being filled with a superstitions belief -in "the efficacy of a silver bullet when .fired. at a visitor from the worid of spirits, vowed, that he would hammer up -his hay's pay. of sixpence and place itin a cartridge, to make sore of ' doing fox ' the ghost; even although he knew the operation re ferred to would spoil the price of a quart of beer. seMusirTfiijfaSretf hft whether, in tbe event of the.-fignre again malrme its appearance, the sentry would be empowered to fire at it — 'I .think not,', the officer laughingly observed. If it is a real i", I'm afraid a bullet won't be of mnch service. If it is a practical joker, then , we'll make it " hot " .enough fox him. without shooting him.' That evening, .at mass; fira appearance: of the spectre was the general theme of conversation amnng the .officers ; but Mi. of them, however,. -expressed their in credulity with . regard to the story. A few of the .youngsters, whose cariosity was strongly exctted on the subject, made up their minds to keep watch beside the sentry, so as to pounce on the spirit when it made its -appearance, and arranged to take with them a pet bull dog belonging to the colonel, to assist in tile operation. ' "Wont you join us, sir 1! naked a ynung ensign, addressing the command ing officer. 'I think not, he replied. 'I am; tired, and shall go to bed. If yon catch - tbe ghost — which I euspectis likely to be one of the men— clap him in irons and put' bim in a cell I'll attend to him to-morrow.' When Colonel Morgan left the mess- room. hevisited the haunted post .before retiring to his quarters, which were close at baud After . replying to the sentry's challenge, be asked Skyes : Have you seen anything si yet T ' Not yet,>uir,' replied rile man , ' 1 don't think that it . is likely you will either,' remarked the colonel with a laugh as he retired to his room. Shortly afterwards, when ithe clock j struck two, tiie young officers left the messroom and cautiously . .stole , over the .barrack square to ihe place where 'the spirit held his wont to walk.' Poor .Sykes was very glad of their company ; for, though he was a man of undoubted pluck, and greatly re- spectea id the regiment for his pugilistic prowess, he was not at all. bright, at the : prospect of tackling the ghost all by himself. He paced about <ou hie post; keeping a sharp lookout, and thejofficere crunched under the shadow of the wall ; whife the dog took up its qoertersin the Gentry-box. A little before three, they were startJedbyibe. ubruptappearance of the apparition, which uamedas before arirawnEword. 'Who xumss'-ihere I'jehmifedSjikee, iinuging hiSrifieto the friuugt,' The spectre .-made . no answer," but slowly -rajeed ite'lsftfaand to j ate". foru- head. 7 lie d'feth la irod gnm), spraim nnl of rii a bar arid rnAwH ' at tfae-figuref hiikwdieri : be ypp4w it, he beaq fo foil, and jatpoed evmpt<ims..nf toekf vasfis&ctinn; . "wfllwhjhifaf ihe s8pifj6jSfwiDiveB6d that items BD oAer imnBeK,"kttarSln faiB night-dress, in a state of Bomnam- lism ! j. -the dangEr "Bfewfcinfiltn rhile in that condititMJjiAey followed i liim whither almost ith- mediately Wnmedfandltere tiieys&w; tim duirtbs fcw munl'BnBineturD to bc3 seemingly obtiviooB of tfaen jpcesence. circumstanceB of the case j and the poor colonel woe natnraUy jay nuidi cqd echoed on learninc "the nature of the imabuiy-ofwhibh he iud' beeo in uncoil- sbqoqb victim . <M comse'his fintadion vas to write anBXplanation to the ;gansL with e 'Teqnest for my Teieaew ; and his next, to pnblish in TBgimontad orders hia regret for the trouble he had onwittasy occasioned. Several red-tape formalities had to be gone through ;-and it-was eome days be fore £ was - WBtoniahed and 'Adighted by an intimation from 'the prison governor that I was foes ; and w&b; handed over to the chaige -of a corporal, who had been sent tohring me tomyTegiment. 'When ever! entered ihe barracks, I ' was order ed to proceed at once to thecomm&nding; officers quartern. Colonel Morgan shook with me, and -expreased his ex treme concero "that he had been the innocent cause of my having -heen- Bub- iected to finch ixmominr. Nff'iwmder that I frightened yon, my iad/the idiserved with a smile. After infarmingmB that be was about to pro ceed on leave — with the intention of undergoing m coarse of medical treat meat to cure him -of hfo dangerous pro- -peziHXty to walk in his -sleep — he pre prmtod vnn with "five pounds byway of gnjftftjmT) j and farther gratified me by sayimrfhat, having ascertained I was of good character. and well edncated,- be had tfant day phwJ me in orders as having <been"jpofotedrlBnce-oorporal. 31 Always \- yqniyjfj my -lad, and I shan't forget-yon,1 said the colonel ; and I left 'hisqnaxteis perfectly overjoyed with my good ;inck, "Bcarcely believing that the pi bibb nt; efiiblfj kindly gentioman with whom i had convmed was the hectoring, buiiying Jaommauder. who was the terror of ids regiment 3jfte colonel foithfolly kept his word to' me. When he rejoined the corps, completely cured of his complaint, I was promoted rapidly j and eight yeare sub- sequBntiy through the iufinence of my puroD,6Denl Morgan, I was gazetted i aBtraattoimaster of my regiment. 