The Advertiser. PUBLIS.IED EVERY TUESD.AY, ThUIDIAY AND SATnRDAY ?OI?NING. Bairnsdale, Saturday, FebrtarJ 27. 1886 TI?EE candidates being in the field for North Gippsland, the electors will be called upon on Friday next to elect two and reject one, and consequently it behoves all to seriously consider the situation of political affairs at present, and ponder carefully over probable eventualities. We may dismiss our late senior member with a few brief remarks. His political career has been such as cannot fail to command for him the esteem and respect of all men who admire talent and honor, and of all men who really have the welfare of Victoria at heart. It is true that three years ago the Radicals of the district were so obstinately blind to the interests of the locality that they would, had they the force and power to do so, have supplanted such a worthy representative with aHarris or an Andrew, but thanks to the pre dominence of clear and sober-minded men, they were powerless to reject a man of whom all the district should be proud to call a representative, and Mr. MI'Lean was spared from political sacrifice on the Radical altar, and spared to exercise his brains and talents for the special benefit of North Gippsland, and generally for the good of the whole colony. Though, as we have observed, the Radicals would three years ago, have foisted on the country a parliamentary representative of a very mediocre description in place of the intelligent, consistent and honorable Allan fM'Lean, they are now, it appears, extremeley anxious to tack their present candidate to our late senior member's coat-tails, and so get a lift through him into the House again. But Mr. M'Lean has been consistent throughout his career, and he would not be likely to consider it any honor or privilege to be harnessed up with a remnant of the old " broken heads and flaming houses" party, a party against whom he and all-mode rate men fought a few years ago. Mr. M'Lean has demonstrated there can be a synonimity between an intelligent and clear-headed representative and an indeatigable worker for the dis I triet, and we unhestitatingly consider h ? entitled to the suppor of all who place law and order, intelligence, con sistency and progress in advance of nolitical intemperance and remi-ccm munism. The question, therefore, to be decided is, whether Mr. Harris shall be re-elected as a representative of this electorate and colleague of Mr. 'Lean, or whether Mr. George Davis shall fill that position. The cry of" gratitude" has been raised, and it is echoed as blatantly as the Radical throat can shout it. Mr. Harris, it is af?irmed has done so much during the past three years for the district that he is justly entitled to be returned again, anl Bairnsdale and Sale are alleged to be under such special obligations to him, that he has an undeniable claim on their sympathy and support. We are not supporting MAr. M'Lean's candida ture from a sense of gratitude for favors conferred and in prospective, and theretore we most certainly do not desire to take Mr. Harris by the hand on that ground. We claim that on political grounds, irrespective alto gether of " work done in the interests of the district," MAr. M'Lean should be returned but we cannot place Mr. Harris "on the same footing. North Gippsland has most assuredly bad its requirements well attended to by Br. Harris, and our late junior member is entitled to the thanks of those whom he has served, but we fail to perceive that he can de mand return to Parliament as a re ward. Of course the claim for sym pathy thus made is a cunning and subtle one for the Radicals to advance, and it -may be instrumental in catching in their netsatew apasaetieca optsm.sts, who are too indifferent to consider tte true position of affairs, and too indo lent to exert themselves, either for their own or their neighbors' benefit. Gratitude, forsooth--a mero subter fuge and an election cry. Did this district, on the same grounds, three years ago not owe a debt of gratitude to Mr. M'Lean? Most assuredly it did; but was the cry of " gratitude" then raised by the Radicals ? Most assuredly not; for they fought as hard as they were mentally and physically able to do against him, and they cir culated as many falsehoods and disin genuous allegations against him as their imaginative minds could invent. 'hat was the descripticn of gratitude the Radicals manifested in 1883 to wards Mr. m'Lean, and yet, with all the sophistry of their traitorous nature they unblushingly preach " gratitude" on Mr. Harris's behalf. They read homilies which they practice not, for though Mr. M'Kean's supporters made the same plea on the last occasion as Mr. Harris's friends do now, the Radicals threw him over and went for an old hat which had proved an utter failure and an un tried rmn. Had there been the ghost or a snow to upset ,i r. aLean now, they would do so, gratitude due to him notwithstanding. If the electors are to be content to permit represen tation to degenerate to mere agency, then by all means elect the man who will be the most servile worker for his constituency, individually and collec tively. Sorry, indeed, would we be that such should be the case, for our desires and aspirations are that electors as a body take a higher and more in tellectual view of parliamentary repre sentation. Their members should be men of moderate views like Messrs. Allan M'Lean and George Davis, not extremists like Mr. Harris. lWhatever Mr. Davis may have been designated by his opponentsinthepress and on the platform, his creed has been law and order and progress. He has ever appeared in the ranks fighting against those who have raised the standard of class against class, and who have fomented political vio lence and outrage, and when the time comes round, as assuredly it will, when the reckless political guerrilla party, tiring of the period of peace and pros. perity, and thirsting for a repetition of the '77 period of political turmoil and strife, will rally their forces and make an onslaught, they desire to return men of their faith to Parliament and so be prepared. They care not for gratitude, but they care for their man, and Mr. Harris must be returned so as to render null and void Mr. M'Lean's vote in the Assembly. They know they are not strong, so they wish to augment their forces by recruting from their oppo nent's ranks by the subtle cry of " gratitude," and thus they will endea vor to win the day. This artifice will be, however, seen through, and we can feel assured that all sober-minded men, all who desire peace and prosperity and who oppose strife and anarchy, will only too readily hail with delight the chance of returning Mr. Davis as against Mr. Harris. With Mr. Davis as a colleague for Mr. M'Lean, North Gippsland will be politically repre sented, instead of having a divided vote. In consequence of the quietude prevailing during the coalition regime a divided vote for this electorate in Parliament has not been perceptible during the past three years ; but the period will arrive when the full strength of a constituency will be required to be represented in the House, and with Messrs Davis and MI'Lean to vote side by side, North Gippsland will have a voice in any momentous question, but with Messrs. M'Lean and Harris on opposite sides of the Assembly, North Gippsland will virtually remain unrepresented. At the Bairnsdale police court yes terday, before Messrs. Goold and Bull, Js.P,, C. J Fendley proceeded against C. Lindermann to recover £7 due for cordials supplied. Mr. Stuart ap peared for plaintiff, and an order was made for the amount claimed and £1 its costs. John Rogers sued Bridget M'Carthy to recover £2 for wages. Order for the amount claimed and 2s 6d costs, in default distress. Yesterday B. G. Gordon proceeded in the police court against L. Buck, on a charge of illegally assaulting him the previous Monday evening. Mr. Com. mins appeared for plaintiff. It ap peared that the Bairnadale Municipal Brass Band chartered the steamer Tanjil for a moonlight excursion on Monday evening, and defendant not giving a ticket nor money, plaintiff said it " was a mean, crawling, con. temptible action," and as he was turn. Ing away, defendant struck him, The defence wpm that he was clerk of the boat, and entitled to travel free : tat the plaintif insulted him, `-d pro voeked the assault. The bench iniic?ct a fine of -h0s and 23s td cost,, Or focr teen days imprisonmment. The steame.r Tanjil is announced to leave the wharf at nine o'clock to-mor row morning for the Back Lakes, re turning in the evening. The steamer Omeo wvil run an excursion to. the Entrance to-morrow, leaving the wh:arf at nine o'clock. Accounts are at the receipt and pay of ice Bairnsdale, for Bairnsdale Free Library, J. Cameron, T. Evans, A. Gilmore, W. C. Kerr, L. W. King, C. F. Miller, E. Neal, W. HI. Ostler, T. T. Stirling and J. L. Stormont. Travellers and excursionists by the steamers up the Tambo, are notified that Mrs. A. Prott, of Mossiface, pro vides meals and other refreshments at her house. We direct the attention of the resi dents of Bendoc to the fact that, as notified elsewhere, the local land beard appointed to be held at Bendoc on the 3rd March has been postponed till the 10th of that month. Good progress has been made at the railway bridge over the Macalister. The piling over the flat next the river is completed, and the stage for piling across the channel ishalffinished. As the piles are only 15 feet apart, it is considered that they catch the trees and other debris that come down at flood time. The capping of the bridge is proceeding, though it was delayed somewhat for want of the requisite timber.-'Times. Sixteen cases of typhoid fever, of which no less than nine had occurred at California Gully, Sandhurst, were reported to the Central Board of Health on Wednesday. The total number of cases reported since last Ctristmas is 266, of which 03 have been attended with fatal results. The Chief Secretary was on Wed nesday furnished with a return by the under treasurer, showing the revenue received from .uly 1. to February 21, or 7 months of the current financial year. The proportion of the budget estimate for the term was £4,059,000, but £4,0S4,000 had been received, being an excess of £25,000. At 2 o'clock on Wednesday after noon a young shunter named Albert Dewsnap was killed in the railway goods yard at Spencer-street. He was in the act of shunting a train, when by some means he got crushed between the rolling trucks and an ad joining platform. He was removed as speedily as possible to the Melbourne Hospital, where on arrival Dr. Joske pronounced him to be dead. He was appointed to a position in the railways on the Sth of the present month. He spoke but once after the accident, say ing "I am done for." His father is also an emyloye of the Railway de partment. " The Vagabond," who is now con tinuing his travels in search of the picturesque in Eastern Gippsland, was at Derham's Lakes Entrance Hotel last Sunday. There being no clergy man at Cunninghame, he was asked by the guests in the hotel to deliver an address at night in the large dining hall, which Mr. Derham had cleared for the occassion. "The Vagabond" accordingly gave an hour's discourse on " 3Iission Work in the South Seas." At the conclusion a collection was made on behalf of the Victorian Shipwrecked IMariners' Society, and the amount (£2 2s.) has been remitted to us.-Arggs. An Adelaide telegram, under Wed nesday's date, states:-A meeting of the shareholders in the Permanent Equitable Building Society, to consider a special report of the directors, was held to night. The report stated that the defalcations amounted to £7116, and the deprication in the securities to £13,631, making a total of £20,747. This was carried to the debt of profit and loss account, the balance of which stands at £15,790. It was agreed to make up this by writing off the whole of the accrued profits, £11,621 9=. Sd. per share per unit, equal to £30 in £100. It was resolved to take coun sel's opinion as to the liability of the late directors and auditors, with a view to action being taken against them. A Maryborough telegram, under Wednesday's date conveys the in telligence that a faotal shooting acci dent occurred there that day. Mr. W. Smith, a hairdresser and tobacconist, of that town, took advantage of the half-holiday to go coursing, accom panied by a young man in his employ, named Gordon. When near the North- Western Club Plumpton, Caris brook, they started some hares. A favourite dog ran against a fence, and hurt itself. Smith took the dog down to wash its injuries. He was followed by Gordon, who carried a gun, which, becoming entangled in his clothing went off. The charge entered Smith's abdomen. Assistance was quickly pro. cured, and the injured man was brought to the Maryborough Hospital, a dis. tance of six miles. Dr. Dunn, the resident surgeon, assisted by Dr. Miller, attended to him, but he died from the effects of his injuries twenty minutes after admission. The sixth and last batch of Land Act maps, comprising the counties of Moirm, Karkarooc, Bogong, and Kara Kara, will be completed and ready for issue in about three weeks from the present date. In the county of Bogong the unalienated land consists of 690,000 acres of agricultural and grazing, 525,000 acres of pastoral, and 270,000 acres of auriferous land, the area of agricultural and grazing and pastoral lands has been considerably reduced by selection and reservation for timber and college reserves. In the county of Karkarooc only 6,000 acres are available for selection in agricultural and grazing blocks, about 32,000 acres having been recently re served for the endownment ofAgricul tural Colleges and for other pur poses. Tae annual clearing sale of pianos will start on 1st March, and will last for four weeks only, to nake room for others to arrive. A discount of 15 per cent. will be allowed off Melbourne prices for cash. Those, theretfre, re. quiring pianos should not neglect this chance, which only comes once a year. Pianos will also be sold on easy terms, as usual, at G. 11. Colo's Fturntture Warehouae, Bairnedalo.--Air. The fidt g a ad cLoie anscrtment of new winterr goods i now sheCowyn a _iccrs_. S. Fe!ch enofid an<3 Co.'s well Lnown drapery establishment. The class of goods is superior to anything as yet shown in Bairusdale; the various fashions and styles are taking and the prices very low. A visit to this estab lish-ent will well repay the trouble and erriosity o hobuyvers of drapery and clcth 