SUPERNATURAL MUSIC. Darby, .in Delaware county, just on the borders of Philadelphia, has (the New York Tivies says,) a sensation.. The village lock-up is haunted by queer- looking spectres, and tho excitement caused by the Sharpless murder has given way to the discovery mads by Policeman Carrol, who went to the village lock-up the other night and was almost paralysed at the apparition he saw in the second story of the dungeon keep. It was in the shape of a ghastly old man, who was playing on a flute belonging to the Darby flute and Drum Corps, which up to the night of this discovery had made night hideous in the second story of Darby's little gaol. The discovery of ghosts in the lock-up has had the effect of causing villagers to keep indoors at night, and those who venture out after dark go about well armed. Policeman Carrol is the solitary officer who constitutes the forco of Darby. He stalks the lonely roads and lanes at night. He is the chief of police, lieutenant, sergeant, and patrolman of the Darby police. As he said, he is the whole Darby police force. He also *":—" I don't believe in ghosts, nor in signs or dreams, but about II o'clock the other night I was walking up New-street thinking about the Sharpless murder, and on the lookout for long-nosed negroes. After putting the light out at Ridge-avenue I walked over to the lock-up. ' The night was dark.' When I got to the lock-up I heard somebody playing on a flute. The Flute and Drum Corps I knew were not practising, and I couldn't account for it. It was music, too. ' Climbing up the Golden Stairs' was the tune. I knew the Flute and Drum Corps couldn't play that, and I began to shiver. I braced up, and drawing my club with one hand and my revolver with tho other, mounted the stairs leading to the band-room over the lockup. I first peeped through the keyhole, and there, sitting on the big drum, I saw a little old man with fuuny big eyes and a big mouth, and crooked legs, playing on a flute. I never heard such music. You could go hungry for awock to hearsuch music. The longer I looked at the queer-looking man the bigger his eyes got. Suddenly I foil against the door and made a noise. The music stopped, and when I looked through the keyhole again he (the man) had vauished. I've heard tho flute every night since, hut I stay down the street and listen to it. It's the greatest mystery I ever knew of." The D^rby flute and Drum Corps have not visited their practising room since the night of Policemau Carrol's discovery. Tho policeman is known throughout Darby as a sober, conscientious man, aud tho story of the spook in the village lock-up is generally believed from one end of Darby to the other. Harry Jamison said that other spooks have been scon in Dai by within a week. Jamison is a milkman, and declares that a figure wrapped in white stopped his horse tho other night on the Darby road. When Jamison got out of the waggon with a club the figuro vauished. 