Tho Storyteller. ' We Were Chums to the 1 j! 1st.' ' Bv c. b. m. We were room-mates for three years. We knew each other as only men who go shares in one dress nuit 0:111 know each other. My things were lit .leltry's dis posal, his were at miue. He was a big, well-made fellow, and as tlis clothes litted me I suppose I must have been the same. Alter the lirot week in lodgings I dropped the 'mister' before his mime, and at the end of a fortnight called him Jeff. We were always changing our lodg ings ; if 1 disliked a place I bad only 10 tell Jell, aud he agreed lo leave — if lie disliked a place, a landlady or a lodger, he took the matter into his mvn hands, and gave notice without consulting me at al). He had a long mysterious-looking black box, which held all our possessions, and often when I went home 1 would be con fronted by ' the collin,' as we called it, ready for' travelling. .led was peculiar in his objections to our dillerem lodgings. One he left because the landlady did not brush her dress. He said thai he had made a vow that if the same streaks were on her black dress at mid-day, he would leave. He had gone home to lunch, no ticed her dress, packed ' thecoflin,' and left that night. Another time, when ho sat 011 some grease, he said he would not live In a place where butter was kept on the chairs. 1 told hiiu tbe trousers he had soiled were mine, and that 1 did not mind. He replied — 'That is why I complain : to-morrow you may sit down and spoil a pair of raiue ; T shall always be iu agony if I see you going to take a chair. \Ve must 'leave.' He refused to remain at the next place because the landlady gave a party. He said lhat we helped to support the house, and that a party should not have been given without our permission. He added that tbe landlady's instincts were not 'lady-like.' He packed 'the coffin.' and we moved to a splendid place, quite I a i„ Wo grouuds. He was enchanted with every thing. He wrote ' Paradise '' on a label to put on the gate. He had a scheme by which liife could he luade delightful. Each lodger was to take certain duties: he would be garduer, I could take charge of a cow, which would be bought by sub scription. We only stayed there a fort night, owing to the base ingratitude of the iaudlady. Jeff had invented a patent garden wa'erer 011 the Jupiter system. He left three of these at work all night. Iu the morning the garden and front verandah were flooded. The lodgers had to go out 011 their heels. The landlady abused Jed', who wrote a large label worded 'Lost,' put it on the gale after Paradise ; then he packed the coffin, aud told me to leave. I have said that we shared everything with each other. I was wrong ; one suit we did not change — our rowing togs. When we first met, we had belonged to different clubs, and hail both refused to change. We were each firm over that one matter; my blue jersey and cap lay in 'the coffin' with JefFs pink ones. We were as good friends over our rival Clubs as we were over everything else. We both went into training after we left Paradise Lost. I bought a bonk ou Physical Exertion ; Jell bought duuil bells. We shared these tbiugs, and dieted ourselves in the same house to row against each other. We left that lodging owing to our training. The steak which the guide book ordered whs like leather. I took thematter into my own hands, aud adver tised for a lodging for two single gentle men. Tbe answers went to the office, where I read them to Jeft. I had some fun over them, but he was very solemn. 'It is a serious matter,' he said. ' Young men run such risk in going to strange 'houses ; there is such tempta tion.' I was surprised at this from jolly Jell'ry, and handed him a letter in which a 'single lady, of middle age, would do her best to make two gentlemen happy ; she was not beautiful, hut a member of the Salvation A-rny.' The uext one was from a widow, who offered us every Comfort of a gentleman's home ; bath, piano, gas, and two pretty accomplished daughters. Aud the next made my blood curdle ; it bore the address of the house in which we lodged. It promised every comfort, breakfast a special feature, cooked by a man from a fatuous London Chop and Steak bouse. This maddened me. 'Just fancy her daring to say such a thing to lead young men to their doom .' I'll tell her my opinion of her ! Little does she think lhat the initials iu that advertisement stand for the names of two long-suffering men whom she has nearly driven to despair with her ' special feature breakfasts.' ' I abused her all the way home, hut Jeff was very solemn until we reached the gate, when he roared with laughter. 'Don't say anything scathing! don't seek her scalp or mine,' he cried. ' But the fact is I wrote all those letters; they're pure inventions. The genuine answers I have in my pocket unopened.' I was indignant, but soon recovered. I couldn't be angry with Jeff for long. We were perfect friends late that night when we cnoseoui n,;w aui'Mc JIUIJI auiuuK luc real answers to my advertisement. That was the last place that Jeff and I ever lived together at. It was there that we met Frankie, or, more properly speaking, Miss Frances Gay, and there that the 'tangled web' caught our live?. It was only to he expected, we had been such friends because our tastes were the same; and what more natural than that we should fall in love with the same girl. She was youDg, only seventeen, which was perhaps a blessing, for in the years ot the youth still left to her she may find fresh happiness aud forget that past. When we had been a week in that lodging, aud watched Frankie's devotion to her invalid mother, 1 saw how it would end, and, making a desperate struggle for freedom, packed 'tbe coffin.' But Jeff calmly refused toleave. I knew the truth ; we were 110 longer staunch friends ; a woman had 00 me bstween us, and we were rivals. When I thought to give au extra style to my appearance by a masher collar. I found that Jeff had the best one on. When I hunted for a silk handkerchief to lend Frankie, I found that Jeff had given one to Mth. Gay and was wearing the other. The partnership in clothes became a nuisance. At last a climax was reached. Oue night Mrs. Gay was well enough to go to a concert. Jefl and I each meant to escort the ladies. When we saw Frankie come down stairs looking like a fairy under a fleecy cloud of white, an awful thought came to us both. We dashed into our room/and hurried our one dress suit out of 'the coffin.' At first we laughed— ' you wear one half, I'll wear the other,' Jefl said, hut it had been settled, and we tossed up. I won, aud proudly went down stairs. Frankie said— ' Isn't Mr. Jeffry coming?' and I saw the light fade from her eyes when I answered 'No.' ; I did not enjoy that concert. I felt as if I had wronged Jeff] which, of course. 1 was nonsense. When we got home Jeff was reading. In spite of the lonely evening he must have spent he looked happy, and when we got into our room he toi.l me the reason. '] f.tund a book of Hi,' l-ui-ll 'Vs-'s. It is ? Geoffrey Hinilyn.' It settles our troubles. ' lie said. ' About tho divni-suit ?' I asked. ' Xo, about Fiankie. Don't pretend you don't understand. We are both iu love with her ; she will choose whichever she likes, but we will act fairly lo each other. The fellows iu Geoffrey Hamlyn left ii to luck ; we will have that style, only a better plan. We are to row against each other next Saturday. Let the wiu ner of the race speak first lo her ; it she ikes li 1 111 it is all right ; if not, the loser jau win her. Anyway, it is fair; we shall know what to expect ; we shan't be ifraid of each other, aud it will be a coll ect for a good prize.' ' Jeffrey, let us go aivay ; let us keep together,' 1 said. He frowned. 'And give her up? Never! We have to part now. Which ;-ver she chooses will lose the other ; un less she refuses us li.ilh will never be Ibe same old wanderers together agaiu. Come, agree to it.'' 1 agreed. I promised uot to propose to Frankie until after the liaat race. Tbe w inner was to have lir^t say. We trained together, but the sculling mutch would lie a different matter now. I looked at mir caps iu 'the colliu' and thought, ' We will row like friends, but which will be first, illy blue or Jell's piuk. I ivorked to win that race. The Saturday rame. How well I remember that sunny cloudless day. Jeffrey and I went to the river together. Aswestood, before goiug into tbe sheds to dress, he said iu a low tone, ' After this race our lives may take a different course, yet each will remember the old friendship.' I ouly answered, ' Yes, .Tell'.' What else could 1 say? I could uot honestly wish him success. We went into our different sheds, aud came out nieni! ers of rival clubs. To the spectators 011 the banks we were merely two men who had trained well for a race there was a little to choose between. Iu our hearts we were rivals fighting with hitler pain, because of the long friend ship. for the chance to speak first to the girl we both loved. As we put our limts into the water our eyes met. I was startled by Jeffrey's face ; ii was deadly pale, while I felt mine burniug with excitement. I feared he had trained too high. Yet why need 1 have feared ? His loss would be my gain. We were off ! Xo time to look any where but at the course; notbiug to remember but to round the buoys ami keep clear of fouling. Tbe crowd tore along tbe l-auk«, vehicles and horsemen dashed by outside the fence. The cries were even. Pink! Blue! Blue! l'ink! My heart seemed beating to deaden them. How Jeffrey pulled ! He was rowing like mad. The excitement was intense; 1 1 1 y strength was failing, my backers on the banks calling to me, and I was tear ing my life out to defeat Jeff. We were even nearly to the finish. I thought of Frankie by the stagiuguudertbe willows. I pulled wildly, shot a glauce at Jeffrey— and lost the race ! Yes, he won by half n length. The cheering was deafening. Tbe pistol went off'. I took oft my cap to cool my burning head, and rested ou my oars. What were the crowd saying? ' Best race of the season ! Pink's pretty well pumped out; look at him ! Give him a band some one.' 1 looked at Jeff, my victor. He had managed to pull near to the little staging, where he knew Frankie would be. He wasleauiugforward, his light boat shaken by his hurried breathing. Exhausted as I 'was, I pulled nearer, and pushed b; boat agaiust the stagiug, where a little crowd had gathered. Oil the path above the staging stood Frankie iu a white dress. I think I still see her under the drooping willows, her face quivering with anxiety, her love for Jell' written in her anxious eyes. I knew that he bad won her, knew that I should never tell my love. I backed into the staging aud got out, as Finlayson, the longest man on the river, ran up. He had au overcoat over his rowing togs ; he tore thiscoat off and flung it to me. ' I'll row your boat back ; you walk, Jeffrey, slowlv down.' Ji-fl'l tt'd his eyes which met mine. 1 pulled bis boat near and helped him to rise. As 1 put my arm rouud him the crowd gave a mighty cheer at seeiug tbe loser help his victor. Jeff' was gasp ing for breath ; his face under tbe bright pink cap was grey. I put Fiulaysou's coat over him, but its weight was too much ; be pushed it off. As I helped him up tbe tb ee steps to the path he clung lightly to me, and, with the ghost of the old tender friendship iu his eyes, said — ' Old lad, you will win yet.' We moved nearer to Frankie, tbe eager crowd all round us. We were even to the last, Jeff and I ; we both stood before tbe girl we loved ; we both uttered one word, her name, 'Frankie.' Then I was kneeling by her side and helping her to hold Jefl up. A man pressed through the crowd, saying he was a doctor. He felt Jeff's pulse, then laid his hand on the bright pink jersey. 'It was the heart,' he said; 'the excitement aud exertion were too much ; the heart's action has stopped.' There was a terrible panic among rowing men and the spectators, but it all passed me as in a dream of the sunlit river, the waving willowB, and Jeff's dead face. Frankie knows that Jeffrey loved her, for I have told her so, but she will never know the truth about that race. She looks at me and says — 'I like you near me; you were his friend. You knew him so well ; you were so good to him.' Yes, I am still her friend, because of her loving memory of my room-mate Jeff. ? 