THE COURTING OF MARY SMITH. By F. W. ROBINSON, Author of "Grandmother's Money," "Anne Judge, Spinster," "Little Kate Kirby," "The Black Speck," "Lazarus in London," &c.; [Published by special arrangement with the author. All rights reserved.] BOOK I,—LAUGHING LANCASHIRE. Chaftek IX.—The Fihsx Meeting. Two hours later and Mary Smith and Verity Lovett were face to face for the first time "in their eventful histories. The time between Mary Smith's parting with Mr. Lovett and her introduction to Mr. Lovett's daughter had been Bpent with Mrs. Dalrymple, who_ had asked too many questions and received too much explanation to be set down in the pages of this journal. Even then Mary Smith had not explained sufficiently, or else had answered too evasively, for Mrs. Dalrymple's liking; and Mrs. Dalrymple was still putting a few extra enquiries to our heroine when Jane Rebchain cut the interview short by appearing with a message from Mis3 Lovett, who would be glad to see Miss Smith before retiring for the night. " I don't think Miss Lovett's strong enough this evening; it's so very late, too," Mrs. Dalrymple had said to the maid, and then had fluttered away to express this conviction to Miss Lovett herself, returning with wonderful quickness to communicate the intelligence that Miss Lovett would see her, that there was no talking the girl out of it, and that for her part —the aunt's part, that was—she couldn't just then make her out at all. "So you'd better come with me, Miss Smith," said Mrs. Dalrymple, "and get it all over as soon as you can. After which you'll proceed to your room, Miss Smith, and we'll finish our little conversation to-morrow," Mary Smith shivered internally. " I am dreadful tired," continued Mrs. Dal rymple; " and I've no doubt you are after that horrid journey from London, Is Mr. Lovett in ?" she asked of the maid. "Yes, ma'am. He's in the smoking-room." "Smoke! smoke ! smoke!" commented Mrs. Dalrymple; "and talk! talk! talk! with all those people downstairs. I wonder how he can do it now—a man of his position in the world. So lowering!" After this candid expression of opinion she led the way to her niece's room, and intro duced the companion to her. It was a strange introduction—as it was a strange meeting perhaps. "Here's Miss Smith, and I hope you'll like her," were Mrs. Dalrymple's brusque words; then she passed out of the room, "in a huff," Jane Rebchain remarked later on. "Like her better than I ever shall," Mrs. Dalrymple added, to herself, when she was outside the door, and after she had stopped very close thereto, as if Bhe were not quite above listening to what might be said during her absence. But there was no repose at the Grand, and a white spectral figure suddenly dashing open the door opposite and pitching out his boots caused her to give a little scream of affright, and scuttle into her own apartment immediately. Verity -Lovett was seated in her bedroom before an open window, as though fresh air were a necessity just then, or the study of the bright white moon, with the black clouds driving past it, worth the pursuing on so beautiful a summer's night. The tramp of many feet was still echoing from the asphalte parade across the way ; the pier was dark now, and closed for the night; the plea sure-seekers had not all gone home; the townsfolk, who had shut up their hot shops, had stolen out for a breath of fresh air before bed time; the flys were rattling back with their fares from theatres, gardens, circuses, and assemblies; and the great sea was restless and dashing itself angrily against the base ment of the parade, leaping up at times with a shower of silver spray above it. The wind, which was stealing across the Bea now and dis turbing it, was moaning as with pain. Verity Lovett lay back in her chair, a very sad white figure, which touched Mary .Smith's heart with sympathy for the first time since her arrival in Lancashire, so fragile and deli cate a girl she appeared to be at first sight. Her large dark eyes turned quickly and even eagerly to the new comer, though she did not attempt to arise as Mary Smith approached her. She held out her hand, and the new com panion noticed, as she took it in her own, that it was very hot and dry. "So you have come," said Verity with a sigh. "Yes. I wish I had arrived at a more fortu nate time, Miss Lovett. I am afraid you will find me very much in the way just now," answered Mary Smith. " Oh ! I am often ill," said Verity; "and it may be fortunate for me that you are here. That is, if you have come to be a friend to me." "I hope I have." "I don't know what a female friend is— quite," she said, regarding Mary Smith atten tively, " or what kind of companion she may prove herself to be; but," with another little sigh, " I hope she mil be a friend. I will not give her more trouble than I can help." " I am not afraid of trouble," responded the other. "Pray sit down," said Verity, pointing to a chair near her; " you are not going just yet.",; "I will not weary you too much to begin with," said Mary Smith, sitting down as re quested ; "it is getting late, MiBS Lovett, and your aunt tells me you should have been in bed already." "Yes—I know. She has been telling me so,"Eaid Verity; "but one cannot be ruled absolutely by aunts. I am not tired. I can't sleep when I get to bed—can you ?" " Ses—very well indeed." " Lucky girl!" said Verity, regarding her, "You have nothing on your mind, then ?" " Oh, no!" said Mary Smith, laughing, "Nothing to keep me awake, at all events." " How strange!" Verity remarked, wonder ingly " Why is it strange? "Nothing to trouble you—to wonder what is in store for you—what is coming out of the distance towards you, to make or mar your life—what friends, what enemies ?" she asked dreamily. " They will all come without my wondering about them, or having power to influence them," was Mary Smith's reply. "Are you a fatalist—of the what-is-to-be must-be school?" "Notquite so bad as that, I hope; but," added Mary Smith, " I am not romantic." ''Has anybody told you that I am ?" was the Quick enquiry, "No." "They will presently, I daresay." "Who will?" " Father and aunt. They are practical people, and not romantic either," said Verity; " but then their idea of romance may be different from yours or mine." "What is theirs?" " Oh ! it is romantic to weep for a mother's loss," was the quick reply ; " to miss her and her love and sympathy, and counsel and good ness at every turn of one's life !" cried Verity. " Then I am romantic after all," said Mary Smith, very gently, and almost to herself. "You mother is dead ?" "Yep." " Recently ?"' "Yes." "How long ?" " Three years ago. She was a good mother, and I have missed her ever since," said Mary. "And I have missed mine only three months, and they think I ought to be like them!" cried Verity, with considerable ex citement now ;" to be as strong and hard—as if the mother hadbeen nothing to me. "They don't wish that exactly," commented Mary Smith, " that is, if I understand them. But these are early times." " They will tell you presently I am fanciful —in a bad way—want change, society, and you," she replied. "Well, it's true in many respects, and whether I shall like you or not depends upon yourself." " I hope you may." , "I hope so. If I do not, Miss Smith, yours will not be a life more to envy than my own; but you will have the advantage of me." "By— " By being able to escape it at the price of a return ticket to town," Verity said, smiling faintly, " and so beginning a new and happier life elsewhere." "That's very true, Mies Lovett," replied Mary Smith; " but I will not be in too great a hurry to run away from you." Verity looked attentively, even critically, at her companion, and then held out her hand to her again. "1 think I shall like you. Yours is a face that says ' Trust me !'" she said. "That would be a very handy face to have at home when- the butcher comes for orders," said Mary Smith, in a tone that was not encouraging to romance, which even satirised it;, and Verity did not like it. Mary Smith took the thin hand extended to her and rose from her chair. "Are you going?" asked Verity. "1 thought you wished me to withdrew, and lam tired," she confessed; "and have a few lttters to write before I get to sleep." " I will not detain you," said Verity. " It must be a pleasant correspondence to keep you waktful at this hour." "I have a father to inform that I have reached heie safely." " He will be anxious?" "Yes." "You are a good daughter, and he is a good father, then ?'' "He is a good father, at any rate," answered Mary Smith. " And yonr other letters ?" Mibb Smith thought Miss Lovett as curious as the reBt of her family, but she answered carelessly—too carelessly. " Oh ! various friends who are interested in me a little." , " A lover, perhaps," said Verity. "I don't say that." Mary Smith bade Miss Lovett a hurried good night, and Jane Rebchain was in the room immediately afterwards. Mary Smith toiled upstairB alone to the top rooms and the long corridor that led to them, pausing at the summit of the oaken staircase to look down into the wide deep well and into the hall far below her, where visitors and waiters were passing and repassing, and all the bustle of a big business was still in full swing. After a moment she went into her room, taking with her a candle from a little regiment of chamber candlesticks on a table near her, and lighting it by a jet of gas above. There was no one m the corridor, and all was very still as she proceeded to her room. It waB striking twelve by a Bonorous clock downstairs that must have been first cousin to the gong at which the waiter had banged at dinner time when Mary Smith locked up for the night, opened a box, and took therefrom a little port able desk, which she opened, and began to write at very quickly, like a young woman who knew the value of time, was not at a loss for ideas, and had much business on hand. It was striking two when she had almost finished, so there had been a deal of correspon dence to get through, or at all events an amount of writing of some kind which the lateness of the hour did not tend to cut short. Mary Smith had a task to perform, and she per formed it well. She was not aware of the ex treme lateness of the hour until the clock boomed two in sepulchral fashion, and shebecame conscious that the candle was flickering away in its socket. She leaned forward and mani pulated the fatty deposit with a hair-pin; she Eat back and listened to the wind, which had increased in intensity, and wa3 now shrieking wildly across the waste of waters; she took up her pen again to finish her last letter and to read what she had last written with eyes that flickered a little, too, in their lustre like the used-up candle. "I don't know whether I shall like the Lovetts much," were the words she had written last; "the father and aunt are peculiar —cruder and more curious than I had expected to find—and with not too much regard for other folks' feelings possibly. The daughter is a Lydia Languish in her way—not affected, but not too wise; poor girl! She " And then Mary Smith fell asleep over her own composition—dozed off gradually and placidly—whilst tryingto think whatshe should say next—with the wind and sea moaning in her ears and mingling in her dreams of home and of those she had parted from with many a regret in the early morning of yesterday. She was home again in her dreams and sitting up for father, and father was knocking at the outer doors—knocking tremendously— and she Bet spell-bound in the old easy-chair by the fireplace and could not get out of it, try as hard as she might, and pass into the passage, and let him in at the street door. She was chained there in an uncomfortable nightmare, from which she wrenched herself at last, to find that she was sitting up in a room all dark, with a strong smell of candle-wick or a something burning somewhere, and with the knocking still going on wildly below—a tremendous hammering at the outer doors, as though half-a-dozen giants' fiats were trying to beat the place down. She sat up—sprang up—and listened. The knocking went on, and she heard locks flying back and doors opening in the corridor, and stockinged and bare feet pattering past in ex traordinary haste; and then there came a wild lunatic asylum kind of scream from some affrighted feminine throat in the far distance. Mary Smith groped her way to the door, unlocked it, and peered out, Coils of smoke, like the ghosts of huge snakes, were stealing along the corridor, and there was a babel of voices beyond it in the open, and then an awful shout of " IT ire !" from an iron pair of lungs rang out at last like a sentence of doom. The doom of the Grand Hotel, which was. in very truth, in terrible danger, {To be continued.) 