CARLTON GARDENS. ..It must seem somewhat anomalous, to strangers that while enormous sums of public money are lavished on one public garden the others should be starved. While as much is annually granted to the Botanic Garden as might snflico under proper management to tnaintain the whole area, Domain included, in first rate order, the others are not allowed sulh- cient to keep the turf mown. Take the Uni- Versity Garden for instance, the annual amount 'spent. on it is not more than . would suffice. for one-fourth of tho ground, to keep / it ; ino/mcli order as a garden attached to. such , a .scat of learning ought to be kept, where, not only should tho best examples of landscape garden ing be found, but tho cultivation should bo also of tho highest clinracter ; tho trees, shrubs, and Other plants labelled, and: tho wholo in. tho ut most perfection of keeping. Tho site of the garden having been in tho early days of the colony on the route to . nil the north country districts, the wholo of tho snrfaco soil was. worn Jo dust by the wheels and washed away by .- tho rains, leaving, a subsoil of a by no means fertile nature, in which tho trccsand shrubs were planted, plainly showing in their unthrifty, ap? penranco the . hard conditions of : their struggle for existence; though, were .the means allowed, the poverty, istneken sod might bo improved to any extent at a comparatively Email cost where soils and mannrcs of ail kinds pre so near at hand and so easily, attainable. The Carlton Gardens arc by ,no means in the condition in which they ought to be ; the flower beds and borders immediately adjoining tho lExliibition building are in tolerably good order and likely to be' improved, but the other portions are not at all in n high state of keeping the grass is long and weeds are 'disgracefully- nu merous. In tho southern' portion, which was Improved previous to the holding of the great exhibition, : ghost, of tlio subjects arc growing well, but tliosc"in tho northern portion that were planted after the close of the .exhibition are making poor progress, many of them being in a miserable condition, although tho ground Was deeply trenched and had a great depth of street sweepings buried in it. Hardly anything is growing as it ought ; the only trees making more than moderate headway arc some poplars — oron tho oaks aro not growing as they ought. Ono apparent reason for thoir shortness of suc cess is tho absence of proper cultivation. The trees aro all standing on turf, which, not being kept short, sacks the nntrimcnt out of tho soil at the most important season— the beginning of rammer — the conscqncnco being that tlio trees never get n fair start. The silly and useless method is practised of digging a small circle of about a yard in diameter utvuuu. «,u ivui ui ,s ur iiu Taiue wnat- ever, /seeing that tho feeding roots are all away unfler, tho tnrf. Were, the circles sufficiently enlarged, or had tho trees beoii planted in groups and ; tlio, surface of the soil kept . free from extraneous. vegetation, they would- certainly have bean in a different condition to-day. It is'aU Very well to plant trees on turf in climates where, thej average tcmperatnro'.Js -low and tho rainfall Mmpmativbly. lieavy,- for it must bo ro- membored that .1 inch of rain falling in summer in Britain will lost longer than 2 or 3 inches iu this climate. The fact is daly recognised and- acted upon by market gardeners and orehardists, who keep thoir ground free from weeds or other vegetation, and stir the soil several limos iu tho course of : the season. Therefore, if such practices are the most conducive to the- welfare of fruit , trees and other plants, ' why are thoy not practised in the caso of ornamental trees also ? In private gardons, whcro'snch a modb of procedure is carried ont, the trees and shrubs make as much growth in ' one year as. thoy mako in three or four iu some of birrpublic "gardens. : A good examplo of tho bonofifs resulting from a proper preparation of the soil is afforded in the southern portion of those gardens. It will be remembered that an avenue of largo flno specimens of Plane trees (Platonus) from tho Macfdon State Nursery was pluntod leading to the confro of the building ; tho gronnd, having. a slope to tho west, had to be raised with 3 or 4 feet ot fresh soil on that side, the consequence being the trees planted there have made nearly twice as much growth as those on the other side; thoy were planted about 25 foot apart, and are now met and growing into each other, being about tho snmo dimension iu height. They are. looking remarkably vigorous, but unfortunatcly.tlic avenuo is injured in appear ance and rcnlity throngh the want of uniformity in growth. Tho other trees and shrubs in this portion are generally in good condition ; among the latter are some fine specimens of Altlirea frutex and pomegranates,, scarlet and white The flower gardens within the precincts of the Exhibition and in cliargo of tho trustees aro in a rather muddled condition at present, hut as a new gardener, Mr. John Campbell, has been appointed, an improvement may, bo ex pected by another year. i- At any rate ho lias an- opportunity of distinguishing himself, if allowed tlio means, for "it is; not difficult to surpass the. other public gardens in ike neighborhood of tho metropolis.. ' It appears the trustees of tho Exhibition con template tho erection of a fernory in ono of iiic open spaces in the interior of tlio building, hat if thoy "ivill take advice tlicy will choose nnotlier. site, 'for, we can assure them that, enclosed as the sito is by buildings. of considerable height on all sides, very few low growing' plants of any kind will thrive in it, not even .among, terns. Tho." space is. already fillcd'with flno. 6hady . trees, which arc thriving and much, moro suitable .in the i. situation than n fernery would be. ' Thov'have'nlrcadv a model of a fernery, evi- dently made by some 'one who .is .entirely ignorant of tho principles of landscape garden ing and of cultivation,' for it is of a most absurd character, reminding one of mothing'so much as a baby's garden tliat children are in tho habit of making with mud and pebbles. There is no doubt that a well designed forncry would he a fine feature in the place, and it is to be hoped that tho trustees will take tlio advice of experts beforo committing themselves to a design. Thoy liavo already 200 specimens of tree ferns in boxes, but .hc'mg. coiifiucd., in the interior of the building, the fronds arc weak and unable to bear tlioiv own weight. ;'j 