Mgr. Capel. Tau Graphic has already noted a prevalent rumour which avers that Monsignor Capel has fallen into disrepute at Romo, been unfrocked and deprived of his dignity of domestic chaplain. The dispatches from California incriminating him in a flagrant scandal and charging him with breaking up the home of Count Valeusin, where he had been sheltered as a guest, created no shock of surprise among well-informed Catholics in this city, for during his stay here he earned the reputation of being a showy, glittering, and thoroughly insecure man of the world, masquerading in priestly garb. Mgr. Capel's vanity appears to have got control of him and fermented in him from the time Disraeli conferred on him the distinction of ft conspicuous place in his novel " Lothair." Thenceforth Capel devoted himself mainly to the business of making converts from among the wealthy and titled classes of England, a work for which he was well qualified by his polished, fascinating, unctuous manners, lils erudition, his address and his knowledge of human foibles. When he caine to this country to prosecute a .somewhat similar mission, and possibly to escape from importunate creditors, ho was at first received with flattering attentions. Gradually, however, his co-rcligionists grow less ardent in their admira- tion for hiin. Ugly rumours began to bo circulated in whispers concerning him, and his name was coupled ih club circles and elsewhere with that of a rather flashy third-rate English actress. After a time he migrated westward to the Pacific coast, where his welcome was far from cordial, for these injurious rumours and stories had preceded him. However, be found a faction to take him up and lionize bim for a while. Prominent among his champions and benefactors was the Italian Count who now accuses Capel of having betrayed his confi- dence. If the accusation is true, the ex-Monsignor is a particular satanic scoundrel whom even Lord Lonsdale would delight in booting back to London or elsewhere.-New York Graphic. A dispatch from Pittsburgh referring to the above says : The telegraphic story of the alleged escapade of Mgr. Capel has excited interest among the people of this city. Two years ago Mgr. Capel gave a series of lectures in the cathedral, which were attended by ¡people of all denominations. Ho participated in the 'exercises in the laying of the corner stone of the Holy Ghost College, and read a message received direct from his Holiness. The story of his downfall was emphatically denounced as false to-day by Eev. Father Graham, a priest at the episcopal residence. " It is the work of some sensa- tional reporter," said he, *' who had no regard what overforthe truth. The statementthatthe Archbishop has forbidden Capel to perform priestly functions is false. A man of his prominence could not have been so degraded without the whole church knowing it. He has been in California nearly two years, and is there yet, and is held in the highest esteem by the whole church," 