? w ... Author «f'Grandmbther'a Money,' ' Anne Judge? SpinBteri' *' little Kate Kiby,' ''TBS Blpc Speck,' ' Lazarus in London!' &6i- .-? : - '??'??- '-?? ? ; ' ??'? ~ ? {Published %y«pedal arrangement with the author. ;.--. ??. :? AU rights reserved.] -? ' - ' ? BOOK HL— IN TB& GREAT CITY. CHAnjBfi XiiL— A Duel BErwEEN Two V. ' ' ' '? ?*%! 'Women. Thffiwas i an^aquiry for which Mis. Craven was ;wbolly unprepared. No coup de theatre bom thgjnnumerable coups of the new piece at the .Thespian— strengthened as each might havebeenby atablbanofipowerandpictoesque thebffect upon ' Mrs. Craven as Mary Smith's energeJic.queBtion. ? Spe gave a little cry, and sat '; back stupefied for a moment at the turn which events had un expectedly taken; she stared at Mary Smith as^ts. ghost, that .might have been suddenly standing in her place; the steady light in the eyes before her had a mesmeric force in them, and jbyerppwered 'ter ; she felt herself cower ing in Jiex 'chair -and .-trembling; she was fer a «p£aejsatogeaierdismayed. She did not know wnaiwas jpoming next-, sue coma not gaess gnd*^he^cpnld not ask yet awhile, for speech had4^t nfir.Tnbftr new dismay. Muy^iSth Rioted the effect shejhad created, . '**Y«iOhnst tell me by what means you be ***|S!|gg8eHsedsof that heart-shaped ring?' she , ;' ^?.'s'-'nii.'.Vi'-T, :?/'- y- ..?:' 'y-: -. [C ?'. '?Why-should I deceivel you?' muttered ; Mrs. Craven at last, with lookB askance ; 4- what do you suspect— what makes you think the ring is not my own?' 'You are prevaricating already !' exclaimed Mary: Smith indignantly; 'and I will not have it !' 'You do not say what charge you make against me,' said Mrs. Craven ; 'do you think I have filched it from a jeweller's shop, or what?' ' It is not your ring.' 'It is.' ?' You have not come by it honestly.' 'I have,' was the short, deep answer; 'how —iow ?dare you say I have not I Do you come into my own house and tell me to my face I am ?& thief?' 'Tell me where you got the ring from,' per sisted Mary Smith ;' if it is yours honestly, there can be no wrong, no reason for keeping back the truth of how you became possessed of it?' Mrs. Craven moved uneasily in her chair. She had recovered from her amazement in a great .degree, and was anxious for time. She seemed even ransacking her brain for a reason to 'put forward for having the ring upon her finger, and her inventive faculties did not help her very much. It was upon the surface already that she would not tell the truth if she could help it, that it was not safe for her, or for others, to let Mary Smith know it. All this could be read in the vacillating play of features, in the droop of the lids, and the quick furtive glances beneath them, in the pain ful silence which followed Mary Smith'fflast assertion. , 'It was like my luck to bring you here,' she said gloomily; 'it was like my stupid, foolish, idiotic way. Nothing I do, nothing I say is -ever right, or does not turn upon me like a serpent. The last time I saw you1 before I ran away, I was unhappy — unsettled, half mad— and you wanted to know the reason, and begged me to trust you, and went on very much as you have. been . going on to-night. And that ought to have warned me you were not the girl who could be of any use to me, or do me any good, only I thought,' she added, ' that you would be, and I wanted you to be glad that I had not gone altogether to the doge, and that I was trying hard to lice respect ably, to be -worthy of my girl when she and I were together somewhere out of everybody's way. You will let me see her, wont you?. You will help me ?' 'Who gave you that ring?' asked IMary Smith persistently; 'I am not talking of your child now— nor thinking of her.' The -woman looked afraid again. ' Well, ? I can't tell you — and won't tell you —and that's the plam truth !' she said de- - fiantly at last ; ' and I'm not to be bullied in my own house, and by a chit like you. There !' This was a declaration of war at last, and Florence Craven felt all the better andstronger at present for having made it. '?If you won't believe it's my own ring, bought and paid for, why,' with a shrug of her shoulders, 'you must do the other thing. I don't understand j, why you should make all this]- fuss about something that does not belong to you. It was never yours, I suppose? '?' ?' How lone have you had it?' \- 'Oh, years and years,' was the carelesB answer. ? ' I will tell you what I am going to do now,' said Mary Smith, 'very firmly; 'and if I go away with only this poor explanation from you. I am going to the police, who are already in possession of the facts that a poor girl is missing from her home — that she has mysteriously disappeared — and that when Bhe was hist .seen she wore upon the fourth finger of tier left hand a costly diamond ring — shaped like a heart and with a ruby centre — the gift of her father, which you, a poor woman, are wearing now to-night.' 'You are going to the police?' she muttered, as the color changed again,' and the look of dogged resistance flickered out of her eyes. ' 'Yes.' '';??'? ' Not believing 'that there are more rings - than one of this shape — that it is a ridiculous story - to tell to anybody— that nobody would be inclined to believe you?' she said, slowly. ' If you can. explain,- all the better for you,' : answered 'Mary Smith. ' . ' But if I go away, it is to the police that you must say how - you became possessed of the ring— and the father will swear it is .the one he gave his daughter.' ?*\H6w do you know ?' ' He has Been you with the ring already.' 'What are you telling me now?' she said scoffingly.' ' : : 'On your hand in the next box to his, he saw. and recognised' that ring. He and I were in search' 7of you when you ? were in the lobby,' said Mary Smith; 'itwas'notachancemeetiiig, yours and mine. I was hunting for you.' 'WfaatrV : 'We came to the theatre to search for evi dence, not iw see Foster : Deane,', confessed Mary. ' '.And we fotmd you— and I have come ' here for the truth of it alL' ' So cunning as all that !— what a detective you would have made, ' Mrs. Craven said, very bitterly now ; ' and I look you for a friend of ' mine.', ' . j . 'I will be a friend to you,' replied Mary ; 'I will screen you by all the means in my powerif ? you will tell me where Verity Lovett is.' , - . 'Verity Jjovett, is that the name?' ' Yes ; you know it is.' 'I have never heard the name betore in all my .life,' aheanswered quickly j ' as I hope to live, Ihaven't. Verity Lovett, you say 2' 'Yes, Verily ;Iiovett.'. . 'I wish I may die if ITiave ever heard ' the name,' she protested, once more. ] 'Is it Verity Deane?' ' | 'Oh S.iio^-dorft run.your head against that.. idea, or you will make another mistake pretty quickly. You are all mistakes; you are not . tbe - clear-sighted, party. I used to 'know once. _ What's come to you ?' asked Mrs. Craven. It.wasevidentthatFloreneeCraven,although ' quickly discomfited, was as quickly, able to re : cover her^self -possession, and assume a defiant: attitude. ..The woman was as full of lights and . shades as -a chameleon, and took her tone from ' surrounding circumstances.. She was every thing, by .turns and nothing long. She had beenjth'e difconBolate mother, the erring, wife, tbe aggrieved one; shehadtoldallher troubles, and baa beenrevengeful, repentant, confident, and morbid, within, the' last half -hour; and now she was .the sullen, dogged female who had been as it were 'cornered,' and was on guard ' or at bay. . From her point of view she had been treated badly, and from that hour forth 'she was not Jik'ely to love Mary Smith, who was a snake in the grass, an enemy — just like any other woman whom she had ever known. : All alike ! All against her, let her try never so hard to get back to the higher life ; let her do her. very best in every way, and help other people at every turn as she had done, and this was the end .of it. This, was her luck — or her . fate. It was more satisfactory to call it her fate, and what that might have in store for her now, and despite all her do wars of resistance, she did not know, she could not possibly guess She' must fight it out as. best she might, and for the sake of others as. well as for herself — of that she- was pretty 'well assured. The necessary step now was to get Mary Smith off the premises as rapidly as possible, and then try and think the matter ont for herself; and failing that, to take the counsel of Mends in the .dilemmai which she had created by 'bringing Mary Smith into the house. Who would nave dreamed that this was .the last person in the - ~world she should have invited on to the pre mises? What, a fool she had been! ; All this was passing through her mind as she sat there watching MarySmith attentively, and wondering what in the world the girl wasthink ing-of nowj- to look so white and firm— what she was plotting against the peace of one whom she should have taken to her heart again and been a dear, true friend to. 'TTouT&ill; not let me help you^ then,' Maty Smith. said suddenly, 'or stand between you. and any trouble that may arise from this? ' You- will not explain where you got that ring, or what has become of her whom I have -seen wearing it so often.' ' 'This ring was a present to me many years ago.'V 'Who gave it yon?' ' Oh i the husband you got me to talk of and rate about, when all the while you were scheming, against me and not listening a bit,' sbexeplied. ' Ambrose Chinery gave it to me, .'if you must know. . There.! will that satisfy your curiosity?' - , . 'No,' answered MarySmith. . - , 'Very welL That is not my fault, is it?' 'You are telling me an untruth ; but then, you are naturally untruthful, poor Floy.' said Mary Smith quietly, . She moved towards the door, and Mrs. CravenBaid— - 'What are you going to do next? What story are yon going to make out of this ?' 'I must leave the rsst to Mr. Lovett.' 'Oh,thafsitl' 'Yes.' . 'And you are going to him at 'once I sup pose f ??' . 'Yea; at once.' 'Tolell him everything 3' 'YeB-everything.' , 'And you have nothing really to tell him. You expose me to much mortification and annoyance, thafs all. It is very hard upon me that you will not take my ward,' she said, with'a quavering in her voice again. . 'It is hard upon me that you will not trust me ! : ? . 'Oh, if I could !' Then the' instant after wards she added, '.And if I had anything to trust you with— which I haven't' . Mary Smith stood with her hand upon the handle of the door. She was going away. To remain there was UBelesB — possibly even -dangerous. She. would make one last appeal ?'Xpu are responsible for much,?' she said ; ' 'jo-Jon .put not say atany future time that I djurfiot. warn you. You speak tome, yon ? zave .to jneof your love for. yonrdbild!' she fmed indignantly;, ''and. here, is » daughter .mwnt&*mp&** *ame-*n.r©iily daughter loftj^ndyAU— knowing where «be is, perhaps ' r '?-'_??-???' ? —will not move a step to help 'us find her. And you would take care of little* Dids, and bring her up by degrees to be as base as your self if you had the power — which you have not — for you shall never see this child again, if I can help it ; and I beiieve I can.' Once more the variable and irrepressible Mrs. Craven gave »»j. Siio a'.t-red a shriek and beat her hands together over her head in a wild, stagey way that, was not pleasaat to witness. . ' Ob, good Heaven 1 ' listen to this cruel woman !' she exclaimed ; ' she will drive ine mad ; and I am so helpless 1 I cannot stir a step or say a word to pacify her. What shall I do— what shall I do?' \- The handle of the door was turned from without, and Mary Smith inoved aside, and with some extra beating of the heart, as she became aware that the door' was being slowly opened inwards. Who was coming now — friend or enemy ? . Surely an enemy, in that mysterious house. It was Jane Rebchain who came softly in, closed the door after her, and stood with her back against it, as forbidding egress without her permission first obtained. Chapter XTV. — Strategic Movements. Mary Smith saw it all now. It was no coin cidence — it was all part and parcel of a plot against Verity Lovett — and against herself, for what she knew to the contrary. It was not altogether a satisfactory position to confront; there was a suspicion of being trapped about it, a sense of danger surroond ine her, if these two women were as desperate and lawless as she feared they might be. Strange thoughts flitted through her mind ; newspaper reminiscences of old tragedies in these grim Waterloo-road houses; stories of missing folk, of the 'desperate classes lurking in the shadows'; of robbery, of bloody murder, and the assassin stealing away and known for all time only to his God. She remembered her father talking once of this part of London to old Dodson, the man who cut his throat, and . of the nightmare horrors which had followed the relation. And it Sashed across her in a single moment of time, as it is said the record of a life may pass in an instant over the mind of a drownirjg man. Mary Smith backed towards the window. If there were no escape that way, there would be at least the means of giving an alarm. It was a busy street, and the rattle of vehicles went on unceasingly without, and kept the lamp-shade tremulous. Surely she was safe enough, she thought; and she was a young woman who, despite her natural fears, did not lose Jier presence of mind. She unlocked the window, threw it up, and stood in front of it. ' What are you going to do ?' asked Mrs. Craven ; ' for mercy's sake, what is it now ?' 'I am going to scream into the street for help, as Boon as I feel I am in danger here,' was the cool reply. Jane Eebchain gave a short, sharp laugh at this. She had not moved from the door, but stood with her back planted against the panels still. 'Oh, how nervous we are, Miss Smith !'she said ironically ; 'I should not have thought it of vou, really !' Jane Eebchain was looking a trifle' soiled ; as though she had been working diligently in the lower regions of the house — there was 'a maid of -all-work look about her, and a maid-of all work not too particular concerning her personal appearance. Her hair' was straggling in loose filaments from a tumbled white cap she wore on tbe back of her head, and there was a dusky smudge across her face that did not add to its amiable expression, or soften the intensity of scowl, for which in aggrieved moments Miss Rebchain had always been distinguished. She did not look quite safe. 'I am nervous enough to be upon my guard,' answered Mary Smith. ** Well, you may be. You haven't been playing too' straightforward a game to feel quite comfortable,' said Jane Rebchain. ' I don't wonder at your being afeard a bit. It's natural.' ' Where is Verity Lovett ?' asked our heroine. ' I don't know anything of her — what'js she to do with me ?' replied Jane Rebchain inso lently ; ' ' what have I had to do with the Lo vetts —any of the gang of them — since that hateful old wretch turned me out of his house in the middle of the night? I wish I had had the chance to hit him over the head with one of his decanters — I'd have_ done it !' 'Why are you standing there ? Do you in tend to keep me a prisoner? You !' exclaimed . Mary Smihh, who was recovering her courage rapidly, and feeling her temper rise. The street below was dark, but there were, people passing to and fro, and she was safe. There would be no difficulty in arousing the neighborhood and 'attracting attention. ..'Mrs. Craven was impressed by that fact as well' as our heroine, and was regarding the position which' Mary Smith had taken up with a degree of anxiety that she did not attempt to disguise. But. she . was very silent now, leaving all the talk to Jane Rebchain, as though afraid of her, or as if convinced that it would be injthat female's power to explainthe whole proceedings more' clearly than she could. :'. . . ' 'Nobody's thinking :of hurting a hair of . your head, though you deserve it for poking and prying and trying to bring honest people into trouble,' continued Rebchain ; 'but you are not going to frighten my poor mistress to death ? ' 'Verity.' 'No; bother Veiity. I mean this gjod mistress, who took me without a character — on Mr. Deane's word that I was clever and respectable — when I had been treated worse .. than a dog down in Lancasliire. . That's why. you see me here^ Miss Smith,' she said ; ''is. there anything wonderful about it? What story can you make out of it that isn't fair and square?' . : 'You two together— and that ring of Verity's upon- her finger,' answered Mary Smith, pointing to Mrs.. Craven as she spoke. . Jane Rebchain was more self-possessed than her new mistress, or she had made up her mind what to. say, after much preliminary listening on the landing place to the dialogue within. ' ' ' Miss Verity'sriug— what, that ? It's not a bit like it, and that I can swear in any court in England. I saw the ring more often than anybody else, didn't I? Miss Verity's was a larger ring . than . tliat— bigger diamonds, brighter diamonds altogether.' Mary Smith did not. reply at once. This was the word of a woman who had already stolen a russia leather bag, and would .be very likely to have made . off with a diamond ring, had the chance presented itself. It was pos sible that Verity had been robbed and deserted, if Jane Rebchain had had anything to do with the running away from. home, and Foster Deane had been innocent of auy complicity therein,' as he had told Mr. Lovett on the night of the disappearance. And Jane Reb chain, being in pecuniary difficulties, had sold the ting to Mrs. Craven ; it should have been easy to imagine that this was the miserable story, but Mary Smith did not think it was; There was a consciousness of something deeper, darker, and more desperate, and that these two women were afraid that she should know it. ' Do you detain me here ?' she asked, at last, very coldly. 'You can go if you will give us your word that ? ' - And then Jane Rebchain stooped, and an ex pression of dismay settled on her smudgy aud stolid features. For a voice,' deep and resonant, and which she recognised even before Mary Smith, seemed very close to her ears. ' Is that you, Miss Smith— up there?' ' The master!' ejaculated Jane Rebchain in a husky whisper. Mary Smith leaned quickly out of the window and looked down. On the pavement below . was a broad burly figure, stick in hand, gazing up at her. The cab, which had been ordered to wait for her, was gone, and there was rain coming down in the dark streets ; but it was Jonathan Lovett standing there below her, she was sure, vigilant and determined, and doubtful, like herself, if fair play were in .- tended. ' Yes, it is I, Mr. Lovett.' ' Is there anything wrong ?' ' I am a prisoner.' ' Keep where ,you are, then. Dont move from the window. Hi J police !' rang out with ' a stentorian shout which was sensational enough at that time of the night -and in that neighborhood. At the same moment a key grated in the lock, and Mary Smith turned quickly round. . The room was empty. Mrs. Craven and Jane Rebchain, thoroughly scared at last, had stolen from the room and locked Mary Smith within it to gain time for their escape. Mary ran to the door and battered with her hands against the panels; eke took the poker from the fueplace and knocked upon the floor, remembering that she had heard voices in the room below her as she had passed it. Then ' the suspicion of confederates who might be Ecting with the others took her to the window again, Vrhere she stood, poker in band, in case ot accident. 'They have locked me in!' called Mary Smith to Mi. .Lovett, who did not hear her just then, being already in deep conversation with a helmeted individual who was actually en the spot immediately that Mr. Lovett had called out for him, and to whom Mr. Lovett. was now explaining the. position of affairs in a bigh voice, and pointing to the window with his stick during his explanation, .Half a dozen or a dozen loiterers were already by his side, deeply interested, but getting rather wet. Mr. Lovett heard Mary Smith at last, aud a peremptory knocking at. the street door fol lowed immediately. There was no attempt . made to resist enquiry, to ask. for the autho rity, which, led strangers to invade a private domicile, to send .them back for search war rants, --r to deny the existence of any Mary Smith ; the inmates ot the whole house were on the. alert, and they were respectable lodgers ' enough, and not, in collusion in any way with ,Mrs, Craven or Miss .Rebchain, and as curious - as most-folk. There was considerable tramp ing up and down stairs; voices began talking. . over balusters and on the lower landings^ the' street door was opened? &e; policeman and Mr. Lovett were asked to step inside by a etout motherly female of some nineteen stone, all of which trembled like a -jelly; and Mary Smith was reminded of the general turmoil at the hotel at Scarletpool, and half expected to hear the old cry of 'Fire 1' as a wind-up to | the general proceedings. She had recovered ? her composure, 'had closed the window, and j put the poker back into the fireplace before the \ door was unlocked and Mr. Lovett, panting a 1 little from his upward progress, stepped into ;j the room. j ' My dear,' he said in a low muffled voice— j and Mary Smith only remembered hours after- i wards that he had made use of this affectionate style of address— 'to think I should have sent you into all this excitement and danger ! ' 'How did you get here? How did you know where I was?' asked Mary Smith. ' I had my doubts after you had gone away, and wondered whether it had been very wise of me to let you go ; and Mrs. Dalrymple be gan to cry a good deal,' said Mr. Lovett ; ' so I asked the man at the theatre doors some questions, and he remembered that the address - he gave the cabman was in Waterloobridge road, and I took a hansom and came on. I couldn't rest,' he added apologetically; 'I hope you don't mind.' ' I am very glad to see you. It is probable that I was not quite safe. But I don't know,' said Mary Smith slowly. ?'Where is the woman? Why did she lock you in V - ' There were two— tbe one at the theatre and Jane Sebchain.' 'Rebchain !' ' ' Yes. Where are they ?' ' The policeman is looking, and some other people; they can't have got out of the house.' ' But they had. They thoroughly understood the disposition of the premises and its various modes of ingress and egress. They are oddly constructed houses in the Waterloobridge road we have already implied — one house erected upon another, as it were, and each not always a distinct and separate habitation ; the bottom one descending from the level of the pavement in the main road to the level of streets some forty feet below them— dark tortuous streets, stretching along by the river side right and left, crossed by the arches on which Waterloo-road is built, and forming a conglomeration of small houses, broken .up by huge whaifs, shot-towers, timber-yards, 'and duet contractors' premises. Floy Craven aud her satellite, Jane Rebchain, had not thought it wise to stop and submit themselves to the indignity of further questioning. They had stolen quietly down flight after flight of stairs and passed out of a back door in the extreme basement into the murky precincts of Belvidere road, where they vanished into the darkness like the ghosts that they were. Chaptee XV.— The Room on the Second Flooe. Meanwhile, very much distressed in mind by the turmoil on her premises, the presence' of the police, the fact that a young Jady had been locked up in Mrs. Craven's apartments — the fourth floor front or so— and the consciousness that there was a small crowd outside in the street to see the upshot of it all, and make sure there was no murder, burglary, or dynamite explosion coming off presently, the landlady of the,house toiled upstairs after Mr. Lovett, to explain matters and, if possible, to be re freshed with a little information from her visitors as to the object of their visit. Mrs. Daddow was a ponderous being, we have implied-^o extra ponderous for a female ? that, appropriately costumed, she would not have been out of place in a caravan, but an absolute attraction for twopence at .any festive gathering m the country. She was of great . height and width, neckless and waistlesa, and with a broad, pasty face that would have looked more like a whitey-brown mask than appertaining to a fellow- creature, - had it not been for rivulets of tears which were running all over it, and keeping it copiously moist. She breathed stertorously, and her capacious chest was racked by a cold which was rasping away her system rapidly ; she was as smudgy as Jane Rebchain had been, and even at that hour of the evening was negligently clad in a brown cotton and white lozenge print, and which did not hook-and-eye properly anywhere, and was burlesquely baggy. ? '. The policeman followed her, so there was quite a little party of four in the room from which Floy Craven-had fluttered away in wild . haste. 'To thins: after all these years that I should have a servant of the law come into my domicile!' she exclaimed, in a florid and effusive but genuine manner, ' and that young lady should have had to call for help from the 'top- most window, and might' have precipitated herself upon the area railings beneath, and been killed through.and' through, poor thing, and the house always so respectable and nice, and I so especially particular about the cha racter of my lodgers. And all this to happpn to me — and my husband dead and gone, and unable to protect me in my dirfc Necessity-1 — and I have paid rent and rates and taxes for twenty -nine 'years come next Michaelmas quarter ; and-^Tand — it is hard !' And the stout lady buried her head in a very torn black apron ana wept afresh. : ''She's a respectable householder is Mrs. Daddow, sir,' said the policeman gruffly, but conciliatory. 'She's not 'likely to have been in this little game at all.' 'I never said she was,' said Mr. Lovett, with some of his old pomposity apparent. '* I . don't cast a single aspersion on Mrs. -Daddow, ' I; have never seen the good woman before.' ' Thank you, sir,' *aid Mrs. Daddow ; 'no more you have. And asfor inducing, under false pretences, as it were, .your daughter to come here ? ' ' This lady is not my daughter.' ' — Or thinking for a fleeting moment, sir, that Mrs. Craven would do such a thing— and she ss good and quiet a lodger as 'ever breathed, and gave no trouble, and who has eeen such sorrow, sir, as few like her have . undergone and lived, and took a little stimu lant at times— not often— just to save herself' from wholly succumbingto her grief ; and — ' — ' 'How long has she been lodging here?' asked Mary Smith. 'Years— I could almost say years, if not quite consecutively.- Yes, years, madam.' ' And Jane Rebchain?' ' That is an individual can't say much of* I .don't know a great deal' concerning her, but. doubtless she has done all the mischief, with her ebullitions of an exceedingly nasty temper. She came here about a week ago as a servant to Mrs. Craven, and as a help to me when I was additionally busy in the kitchen, and so forth, and a most trying time I have had of it since she's been here. In my whole experience . of life— a sad experience, for my husband was a schoolmaster — I have ne 'er encountered sucha temper. And that is all I know about her.' ' Are we likely to get any more information out of — out of this wateringrpot ?' said Mr. Lovett tetchily, but in a subdued growL' to Mary Smith. ? ? Had we not better get back to the hotel?' ' Not yet,' answered Mary Smith. ?'Are you going to ask anything about the ring?' 'Is it wise just now V ' Heaven knows, child. I . have given up thinking for myself,' he added, helplessly. ' Let us wait,' whispered Mary Smith. 'Have you any charge to make, ma'am?'' asked the policeman ; ' for if so I must trouble you to come round to the station.' 'No, I have no charge to make tonight. I must consider,' was Mary Smith's reply. 'And, as it's very likely to be a little plea santry, as it were, of Mrs. Craven's — who is a very pleasant woman generally— I hope, young lady,' said Mrs. Daddow, 'you will not throw the glare of publicity on my humble es tablishment. Those penny newspapers— es- pecially the Sunday specials — do make such a parade of ? ' 'Have you any more questions to a9k of Mrs. Daddow?' said Jonathan Lovett. 'Yes.' Mary Smith turned to the stout lady, who jumped again in her chair, whereupon she had sat drying her eyes with considerable energy. ' Where was JaneJEtebchain before she came to you ?' ' I do not know, lady.' ?'Did Mrs. Craven bring her to you ?' ' 'Mrs. Craven asked as a favor if I could find room for her for a little while.' 'Did she not say where she had found her — or anything?' - - ' 'No. Oh, dear, no! But ? ' 'Well?' 'Rebchain said once she'd come from Lanca shire, where she'd been in a spinner's family, and the spinner was a big brute, and stuck up and ignorant. I remember that perfectly well.' ?' Ob, do you?' said Lovett. 'Aud did she say anything about the spinner's daughter?' ' No, sir, not a word.' ' There's no use in stopping any longer here, Miss Smith,' said Mr. Lovett. ' Let us go then,' said Mary Smith reluc tantly. Mr. Lovett put a piece of money in the police man's hand. 'Get me a cab, will you_, officer,' he said, ' and then we shall not require you again.' The officer murmured his thanks and clamped his waydown stairs; MarySmith and Jonathan Lovett followed, and Mrs. Daddow, still nerv ous and effusive, brought up the rear. Figures of men who had been flitting about, listening and wondering, vanished before them, and doors were heard to shut as they approached. 'Have you any message to leave for Mrs. Craven?' the landlady asked, sa they de scended. ' Oh I you think she will come back?' asked Mr. Lovett, looking sharply over his Bhoulder at her. ' ' She is sure to come back, sir.' 'What has she run away for?' ' I— really don't know/ Mr. Lovett paused andlooked at Mary Smith. 'Is she the mother?' he asked in a low - voice— 'Chinery'sirife that was?' - '? ? «'Y-es.'' ' ?? '? ' '; '? ??? ' I lionght £o-^aBk.=her Jto comeand^aeer Dida at the.Ilourishing Hotel, (^an^OnMiB,* be said, turning again to^Mis, JDaddoW '-IiikJ. ' tell her there are two hundred pounds reward for the discovery of Verity Lovett — will you?' , 'I will do bo, sir.' 'She may have forgotten that. She may hot have heard of it,' he said. As they reached the landing-place on the second floor Mary Smith came once more to a full stop. She remembered suddenly that as the ascended the stairs with Florence Craven the woman stopped at this landing and listened for an instant at the door of the back room, as though interested in some one or something that might be on the other side of its panels. Mary Smith waited till ' Jonathan Lovett and Mrs. Daddow had reached the landing also, then she faced the big woman and said quickly and suddenly — ' Who occupies that room 2' ' Nobody — at present,' answered Mrs. Daddow. . 'No one?' 'I don't think anyone's in there nowj' she continued, ' unless — oh, no ! — the key is in the door, don't you see ? It's locked on the outside.' 'Whose room was it last ?' ' A young lady's.' ' What land of a young lady ?' Mary Smith was getting excited. Was the clue at hand after all ? She spoke in a sharp, quick way that alarmed Mrs. Daddow anew. 'Oh! very nice, quiet, sad, just a little strange young lady, poor thing ! She was a friend of Mrs. Craven's, though they weren't very thick, I must say.' ' Why— do you say poor thing?' asked Mary Smith. ' If you please, ma'am, she's dead.' 'Dead!' ' Yes, only yesterday, too,' said the land lady; 'and I did think it a little unfeeling that Mrs. Craven- should go to the play to night after making such a dreadful fuss last night about it, too. But then she couldn't bring her to life again, could she ? She ? goodness gracious! what is the matter with the gentleman ?' Mr. Lovett was leaning against the balusters and gesticulating to Mary Smith. 'It's the girl! That is it! It's my poor lass.' Mary Smith turned the key and unlocked the door with a quick hind. 'Stay here, sir. Let me Eee.' ' Yes— do— please. I daren't come— I can't come,' he groaned. ' Don't go in, young lady. I wouldn't if you're nervous in any way, like this gentleman here.' ' Give me that b'ght.' Mrs. Daddow had brought downstairs the jingling paraffin lamp which Mrs. Crayeu had had in her sitting-room, and Mary Smith took it from her, turned the handle of the door, and passed in. There was a painful pause, and then Mary Smith was heard walking slowly across the room. Mrs. Daddow was a dense old lady, and did not realise theposition yet. 'What does she want to go in therefor?' she said. 'Does she think Mrs. Craven is hiding in there? Why, she wouldn't go in for the world. She's much too nervous. She wouldn't even look at her after she was dead ; besides, was not the door locked on the out side, and ? ' ' Hold your long tongue, woman, do !' cried Mr. Lovett. 'Mary Smith,' he called out, ' for God's sake, tell me if it's Verity ?' Mrs. D-ddow was bewildered and alarmed. The .-door opened, and Mary Smith came out again, very white, but very firm, and went across to the cotton sprinner, whose nerves had \- once more played him false. He was shiver ing as with- an ague. : 'Are you strong enough, dear friend, to know the truth ?' she asked. - ' I know the truth already !' 'Courage, sir. It is God's good will.' 'It is Verity, then?' ' Yes. It is she,' answered Mary Smith ; ' we have found her at last !' Chaptee XVI. — ' Poos Veettt.' No ; Jonathan Lovett was not as strong as a lion, or he had given way of late days sadly. His old character— that which he had borne in bis busy Lancashire hive— of an indomitable energy, an iron will that crushed opposition rather than' surmounted it, and a. firmness which no affliction could shake, belonged 'as surely to the past as his own green youth. In his' hours of idleness and affluence his energy had been for little things, his iron will had grown rusty,' and his -firmness had been only a fretful resolve to have his own way if he ' . could, giving in now and then for' the sake' of the peace and quietness he seemed to need ' sorely. , . - There was something radically wrong with' his nervous system altogether; tie had had his suspicion of this, twelve months ago, but he had not owned it to any living souL He was quickly ' surprised and ' easily upset now ; his fibres were relaxing, he was sure, and . there : was not much mental toughness. left in him. ? Was this the penalty for having been so hard and strong. and unmalleable whilst spinning his- cotton and his money by wholesale — the unpleasant reaction now that the bow was unbent and the arrows all sheathed? There were times when he could not believe that he was Jonathan Lovett, and this was one of them, . he thought afterwards, when pondering upon the matter over and over again. \- He -was scarcely conscious that his portly form was eliding along tbe wall — against which be had been leaning — to the ground, and that he would have sat down with his. legs doubled up under him had it not 'been ' for the alacrity ? which Mary Smith showed, in supporting him., and : the quickness with which the landlady fished a chair out of the room and helped to place him in it. ~ : And then he sat for a while on the landing, 'with his tongue slightly in the way of his teeth, his eyes a trifle more protuberant, and his face very grim and grey. 'Is it a fit, poor old gentleman — can I get ; him anything?' enquired Mrs. Daddow, in a stage whisper; and this -brought him round more speedily than any stimulants could have done. And- he came round after -his own ' characteristic and rude fashion. 'Fit, you old fool!' he exclaimed, in ' disgust. 'I am not subject to fits, or to any thing else. It is Verity; then ?.'i he said, turn ing. to Mary Smith. 'Yes. It is Verity,' was the slow, sad answer.' '.'I shall get ever the shock of it id a minute,' he said, 'if— if you'll only let me be.' He eat there quietly, and- stared ahead of him' after his old ; way.; and Mrs. Daddow, \- trembling once more- on the verge of tearful ness, said to Mary Smith — ' - ? 'His daughter— is it ?' ''Yes, his daughter,' replied Mary. ' I don't make it out in the least,' the land lady, said wringing her hands. 'I am not' used to complications ; I have had nothing to do with it; I have been sorry for the poor young thing, and done my best for her. . And the doctor came very regularly— and a physician too— but nobody could' do any good. It was . all so dreadfully 'sudden at the last, just as we were in hopes ' that she was coming round a bit.' ' ' She may have been murdered for what we ; know,' muttered Jonathan Lovett. ' She has been in the hands of an unscrupulous gang, that is pretty evident.' ' I hope you don't think I am one of the gang, sir,' saidthe big woman drawing herself up very proudly for the space of half a second, then doubling up with a celerity that caused Mr. Lovett to feel unpleasantly surprised; 'for— oh! eir — I knew nothing about what was going on ! She said her name was Dod son.' 'What name? What name did you say?' asked Jonathan Lovett sharply. ' Dodson, sir. And it was Mr. Dodson him self who told me it was his sister, who had come to town for a little holiday and change of air, as she had not been very well, or in the beet of spirits lately. ' Dodson,' repeated Mr. Lovett. 'He's a friend of Mrs. Craven's, sir, and so ?was she, poor dear; and it was Mrs. Craven who recommended my establishment to her,, and who used to go down of an evening to talk to her, and sit with her in' the back parlor, which the poor the poor tiling rented along 'with the bedroom, sir, for ten shillings and sixpence a week, and gas only extra.' 'Did a man of the name of Deane call to see her?' asked Mr. Lovett, quickly and .briskly. : 'No.' ' Not Deane the actor?' ' No, sir,*' she replied ; ' I can't say I know the gent, though I've heard Mrs. Craven speak of him ;. but then I haven't taken any interest in theatrical matters since my poor dear late hus ? ' ' That'll do ; never mind about him,' in terrupted Mr. Lovett; ' what do you want to bother us about him for? And my girl came well and strong, and died here shortly afterwards? Rememoer, that is what you say.' , 'No, sir; that is not what I say,' pro tested Mrs. Daddow ; ' please don't put words into my mouth I never used, or thought of using. She came here very Badly — in a very low way altogether ; aud Mrs. Craven's maid attended upon her all she could ; aud then her mind gave way_ — and when that came round a bit the poor thing died.' ' WaB she kept a prisoner ?' 'No, sir; as if I should have allowed it t She went out the first week every day for long walks, sometimes with Mrs. Craven, but gene rally by herself ; and then she got too weak, and gave up— all in a flash like.' ; ' Write me out the addreBs of the doctor who attended upon her,' said Mr. Lovett. ?'willyou?' 'Now?' -?;. f Yes— tbiBsrery instant.' J-SW't&ig;™*^ do '*? sir.' she said, not »t aU;tihwflKng to be free from further ques tioning. .??:''? . m . ; X. ,M*^|1*V^;^ staring before him once more - ' ;JBftei'*heliad gone downstairs. He did not Oseem abTe°to «tfeet Mary- Smith's glance ; on , the contrary, he appeared to be struggling to.-! ? ,*voi8:itr .Mi^ fSmlh Btood,'hHnpui'hahd, ? \- 'tegsrding him witfc gzav^ solicitude, ? H$]im been so curious as to the history of it all, and lacking bo in curioBity as to how his daughter was looking then, or whether it could really be his Verity. He took Mary Smith's word for it ; but he should have been the better judge. He was more absorbed in the petty details of events which had brought about the tragic sequel than in the tragedy itself. The why and wherefore of it all was that which op pressed him now that the first shock had been delivered, and he was slowly coming back to his old form. ' Why did she take the name of Dodson, I wonder,' he eaid at last. ' What put that name into her head ?' 'Is it worth enquiring about — thinking about?' she asked. 'I should like to know presently,' he said. 'That silly old woman said a Mr. Dodson told her Verity was his sifter. 'That might have been Mrs. Deane under a ' false name.' 'Yes— yes — that's true,' answered Mr. Lovett; 'he's fond of false names; bat why did he take the name of Dodson ?' ' We will not try to think it out yet awhile, sir,' said Mary Smith ' decisively. 'What does it matter? What can it matter now to - either you or me ?' 'It matters a great deal to me, Miss Smith,' he Teplied; 'it troubles me vastly; there is some hidden meaning in it — some new plot.' ' We have had enough of plots and hidden meanings, and they need not trouble us any more.' said Mary Smith reproachfully. 'Here is the end, and poor Verity is dead; That is all we have to think of.' ' I — I don't like to think of it too much,' he whispered, stealing a frightened look at our heroine as he spoke. That was the reason of all this, she thought at once; He was temporising, he was waiting to gather strength ; he would talk of anything and everything save of his daughter, lying so still and peacefully on the other side of that half-open door. Of Verity he could not speak ' juet then— he wanted time to* recover. He was only pretending to be curious and argu mentative and eccentric, thought Mary Smith; he could not at that moment have risen from the chair that had been found for him, or shaken off the weight which pressed upon him thus heavily. 'Will you — will you not come aud see her ?' asked Mary Smith after pause. He did not answer until she had repeated the question earnestly. 'Why— should— I— go?' he said at last, pausing between every word which escaped him. ' It seems to me so strange that you should sit there.' ' It is all strange,' he answered. 'You would surety like to see her,' she urged, ' to make certain for yourself that I am not mistaken ! I should like you to come.' 'Would you?' he said half rising, then he Eat down again and shook his head. 'Let me be, please, Miss Smith ; I have not the courage to look at her to-night,' he con fessed: 'I can't — I 'daren't!' He was utterly broken down for the first time in -her experience of this strange man. Mary Smith saw him shaking with terror, and great beads of perspiration standing out upon his rugged forehead. ' Perhaps it is as well,' 'she 'assented at 'last. ' The shock has been too much for you.' 'Nothing is too much forme generally,' he murmured, in faint protest; ' but— that theatre was too hot, and I am not used to such places.' Mary Smith looked at him critically. Mrs. Daddow was heard slowly ascending the stairs again, and puffing vigorously on her way towards them. 'What is to be done now?'- asked j Mary ? Smith. 'I don't know. What do you- think .had be done ?' he replied. ? 'Ib she to be left here?' ; 'Yes, yesl' he answered, with alacrity;. ? ' no hotel' would take the poor girl in; and' these people have done all the harm that they could.' . '''?.' ? 'There is my father's house in South Lam-. beth.' ' '?'.?'' ' Your father is an old — an oldish man/' he corrected, remembering, oddly enough, at this. ' juncture that Mr. Smith' was about his own age. 'Such a shock asihis might be too much' for him. She had better remain here till the. morning.' - 'Very welL' Shall I stay too?' - ' Heaven forbid ! What do we know- of this wretched den but that which.they please to tell. : us?' he said;. 'Take the key out and .lock the door. We will come early to-morrow morning again — you' and I.' ' j ? ' '? - ? ' ' 'Yes.' . . Mrs.~'Daddow reached their level, paper in hand. . ? : - ' 'Here is the address 'of the :doctbr, if you - please, sir,' ehe said. . ? 'We will go to him at once,' said Mr. ? Lovett; ' ,: - -'-; Then he rose, and after steadying himself by - the wall fora minute, stood erect and firm-. ? enough. ' - ' . . ' ' Mr.- Lovett desires ine '-to keep - the key ' of this room,' said 'Mary Smith -to Jthe land? lady ; 'have youj any objection?'. . '' 'Bless my souL.no! But — —V 'We are-coming to-morrow very earlyi' We take everything in our own hands now, please understand. No one must interfere save bur selves,' Mary Smith remarked. . ' ' Certainly. ?' It's a weight off my mind that \- you do,' said Mrs. Daddow; .' and when Mrs.. Craven returns what shall I say to her? what message shall I give?' ? * ; . 'Send come one round to the Flourishing , Hotel - and detain her here till I bring a police man,' said Mr. Lovett roughly. :';'' ? j ' Oh, good gracious !'' ' You have been harboring a thief, madam,' he said ; .'this lady has been subjected to great annoyance and ahum — vout-t— v ' . ' 'flush, hush !'- said Mary Smith -gently, 'do not let us say anything -more tonight. We have only one thing to remember.' ? ! She gave the lamp to -Mrs. Daddow, went to the door of Verity 'sTOom, closed and locked it, and then drew Mr. Lovetfs hand — still trembling very much— through her arm, as thougfi- he were very weak, and needed assis tance down the -stairs. - He did not resent the ' act, as he might have done at any other time, but walked slowly and obediently by her side, descending with -some little difficulty for all the', brave front which he tried to assume. ? He had not made many downward steps be \- fore he stopped and said in a low voice; — 'I think I shonld like to see her, after all, Mary — if you don't mind coming in with me.' ' Have you the wish?' ? ' Yea. I think I have. And it is my duty, is it not?' .-..'. ' You would Uke to see her, then ?'? . Again the irresolute look came into his eye?, and his color slowly -faded away. ' I ought to see her,' he stammered. ' It is only a frightened child who would sneak . awayfike thi?,' he added petulantly. .- - ' We are all -children'; sometimes,' answered MarySmith. 'No,' she said after a pause, 'you shall not go to-night.' - He did not answer tier. He did not assert his strength of will in opposition to her own, but allowed her to lead him slowly and care fully down the remainder of the stairs to the hall, and from the hall into the street, where the driving rain was, and where the cab, which the policeman had found, was waiting for him,' along with that- official himself, whom all the incidends of that night had very fairly mystified. Yes, it had been a strange night, with one mystery partly cleared, and others, as it seemed, beginning— growing out of it, and taking various shapes already. ' If I could only be alone— shut up in my own room ! Oh ! ft I could only cry !' thought Mary Smith, feeling terribly restless, and with a atrange craving to give way, which she re sisted for the sake of the. man, ha'f broken down, who tottered by her side' like one in his sleep. {To be continued.) 