A Pretty- Story. A VERY tough stoiy, which is vouched for ! -after a fashion, is going the rounds and | given for what it is worth. It is related that a Mr. S. M. was sitting in his backyard ; talking to some friends, when his attention was called to a hen with a brood of young < chickens and a large rat that had emerged from his hole and was quietly regarding the young chickens with the prospect of a meal in view. As the rat came from its hole the house cat awoke from her afternoon nap and caught sight of the rat. Crouching low, she waited developments, and stood prepared to spring upon his ratship. At the appearance of his ancient enemy, the cat, a Scotch terrier, which had been sunning itself in the woodshed, pricked up its ears and quietly made for the place where the cat stood. At : this moment a boy came upon the scene. The chickens were not cognizant of being watched by the rat, nor did the rat see the cat, nor the feline the dog, who had.not noticed the coming of the"boy. A little chick wandered too nigh and he was seized by the rat, which was in turn pounced upon by the cat, and the cat was caught in the mouth' of the dog. The rat would not cease its hold on the chicken, and the cat in spite of the shaking she was getting from the dog, did not let go the rat. If was fun for the boy, and in high glee he watched the contest and the struggle of each of the victims. It seemed to' him that the stone he ..hurled at them was bound to hit the rodent The j aim was bad, the stone struck the dog right between the eyes. The terrier released its ' grip on the cat and fell over dead. It had bieathed its last before the cat in turn let go the rat, and turned over and died. The' rat did not long survive the enemy, and beside the already dead ckicken he laid himself down and gave up the ghost. The owner of the dog was so angry at its death that he is said to have come near making the story complete by killing the boy that killed the dog that shook the cat that caught the rat that bit the chicken in the yard in -street. -San Francisco Post. Recently, at Grenoble, a remarkable >aper on man in the tertiary epoch was read before the Anthropological Society by M. j Mortillet, an anthropologist of note. M. ' Mortillet does not condescend to demon- | strate the existence of man in the glacial; period ; he takes thas for granted. What concerns him is, how did man then exist ? in what manner and:shape? And heianswers his own questions by depicting a pre-glacial man, whom he christens Anthrspitheque, or ape man ; "an animal less intelli gent than j existing man, and more intelligent than ex isting apes the- ^common father of the human race-Darwin's missing link. The late Mr. Calverley (says a recent essayist) has told us that those who smoke tobacco grow brainless as chimpanzees and nerveless as lizards, and that most of them go mad and beat their wives, aud plunge, after shocking lives razors and carving knives into the their gizzards. On the other hand, two German savants, after minute aud exhaustive investigation by the most approved scientific methods, arrived at the conclusion that smoking is nothing at all except watching the smoke. Between these conflicting views-the view of poetry and the view of science-the ordinary smoker will probably ba able to steer without difficulty. PEALL and Mitchell have just concluded at the Aquarium, London, the most ex traordinary game of billiards ever played. The match was one of 15,000 up " all in*' even. It was quite expected there would be some big breaks, as both men are really flyers at the spot stroke, but it was hardly believed that such sensational scoring would have been witnessed. Briefly, then, I may say that Peall won the game with an unfinished break of 1,150 and; being asked to continue, he did aot leave off till he had put together the extraordinary break ol 1,922 (634 consecutive spots.) His break down. at this number was very unlucky for him, as a Mr. Howard had promised to give £100 to either player who made a break of 2,000. Peall, besides this break, made others during the game of 1,709, 1,380, 1,257, and 1,135, or a total of 7,403 in five breaks, whilst Mitchell (the loser) actually made one break of 1,620. During one ot.Peall'e innings he got in line with the red and' put it in the same pocket 91 times, making, that is, 91 consecutive screw back shots 