SPORTING TOPIC. By the " Sportsman " STAFF. The Kiimore people hold a meeting, nnder the ansmoes of the Rilmore Ama teur Tnrf Clnb, on New Year's Day. A handicap of 40 sovs., a hurdle race of 30 sovs., and a steeplechase of 40 sovs. are included in the programme. The NnmnrkahTurf Clnb bold a meet ing on the 18th February. A programme, including a handicap of 50 no vs., has been arranged. \- The two-year-old New Zealand eolt Wliakawai, by Leolinua— Lore, has ar rived in Australia, accompanied by tbe three-year-old colt Musk Boss, by Musket —Rosette. Beth animals are owned by Mr. E. Mitchelaon. The. pair will join the other Hew Zealand youngsters in Mr. W. E. Dakin's care. The Avona Shire Turf Club bold their manual meeting on the 20th January. The Kertng Turf Clu'i have decided to hold their annual meeting on tire 8th March. Tbe Camp -rdown Turf Club hare ac cepted a teud.-r for the erection of a new grand stand at a co.t of £C03. The next meeting of the club takes place on St. Patrick' Day. Lord Carrisgton'b brother, the Hon. Rapeit Carrington, baa sold his stud in England, and is paying a visit to the popular Governor of New South Wales. The principal race — a £100 handicap — at the Northern Jockey Cinb Meeting at Maitland last week waa won by Frolic, who is owned by Mr. W. E. Boyd, who lately possessed the Grand Flaneur colt Bravo. Frolic was let in very lightly, and won with the greateast ease by three lengths, Mr. J. Mayo's Ravens- worth being aeonnd. B Y and Invader were amongst the other starters. The Maitland Handicap, of one mile, was won by Mr. J. Mayo's Stanley. The thoroughbred stallion Stanhope broke his leg at Braidwood (N.8.W.), the other day, and had to be shot. At a recent meeting of the committee of the A.J.C. it was decided to add a sum of £1400 to the Autumn Meeting of tiro club. The Sydney Cup will have £1000, instead of £500, added to it in fotnre. The days of racing have also been altered in connection with the Autumn Meeting. The St. Leger will he ran off on Saturday, 9th April, Cup Day on the Tuesday, and tire concluding days on Thursday and Saturday. King fish has arrived safely in New Zealand, and is now the favourite for the Great Northern Derby. The Hawkes- bury Guineas winner has been handi capped at 7at. 31b. in tbe Auckland Cap, Nelson receiving 9st. 81b. The other week Black Bess, who haB not bred for several years, dropped a fine bay colt foal to Creswick (says "Merlin"). Black Bi-'sb, it need hardly be stated, ie the dAin of the speedy Meander, and of that good hut unfortuDate colt Hya- cinthus. Creswick possesses some fine blood, as he la by Yattendon out of Q. E. D., by Blair Atlioi out of Q. E. D., by Kiugstou out of Exact, by Emilias. It will be remembered that St. Albatu also had the Blair Atlioi and Emilias strains. Black Bess' last foal should therefore be well worth looking after. I hear also that there are some fine foals by Proto-Martyr, including one out of Claudine (from siater to Sheet Anchor), and one out of Pandora (own sister to Mnlua), but I regret to hear that Edella, Zillia, and Medea, the dams of Malua, Tasm&n;, and Blink Bonny, have mieaed to Proto-Martyr. They, with Aurora, Pussy, and Queen Mary, who were not served last season, make the six mares teased by Mr. Field to the owner of the St. Albans stud, and they have all been put to tbe sire (f Malua, Sheet Anchor, Blink Bonny, and Co. Sirocco, who I don't think has won a race since Mr, Maitland steered him home in advance of Venetia in the Sapling Stakes at Rand wick nearly three yeare back, haa been blistered. Tully has the son of Piscator now. He may pay us a visit. There was muoh fermentation among some of the big bookmakers on Wednesday when it transpired that a late owner, who rejoices in a large unsettled account, is about to leave England on a foreign tour of un certain duration (says the World). There was nearly as great an excitement as when the operators at Tatteraall's heard that Sir Francis Clavering was about to start on a trip in the Levant after his bad Derby. Owing to the late heavy rain there haa been very little doing at Caulfield until Tuesday morning (writes our corres pondent), when the grass was again opened and some good work got throngh. Western and Revenge galloped a mile in ; company. Silvermine and Kohai put in a round at nice working pace. Highland Chief and Blondin covered a mile for strong work. Camerine and Dexter moved once round for osefnl working gallop. Kenneth put in some medium work over around. Umberto,'Albanne, Dongalston, Mia Mia, Grace Darling, The Ghost, and Empress all put in good sound work over a mile. Lizette got through some jump ing exercise in good style, Goodwood and The Stag being similarly treated over the smaller sticks. New York is doing gnod work on the tan. Carter, late of the firm Kelley und Carter, hae taken boxes at Smith's Caolfield Club Hotel, lately vaoited by Fonlsaam. The postponement of the Moonee Val ley meeting from lost Saturday till this week has caused an unavoidable delay in the publication of the weights for the Eleternwick Park Races on Saturday next. The weights far the latter gathering will bs published on Thursday night imme diately after the events at Moonee Valley have been decided. St. Patbick's Dat has been fixed bb tbe date for holding the annual meeting of the Avenel Turf Club. The pro gramme will Shortly be published. Febgubson had a turn on Friday last, Bracemsn winning the LooghlinHandi- cap at tbe Allandale Races. Tbs Hindis Bscs at the same meeting wss won be s local representative in Nipper. The Ararat Turf Clobhold their annuel meeting on the 2nd and 3rd February. The Ararat Cup baa 100 sovs. added, the -distance being a mile and a half. Little John won this event last year, r»»l after words caused a sensation by winning the Geelong Winter Basdicap from Meteor, and a number of other good 'nni. A young Scotch laird, Mv. Wedder- burn, bide fair to caet into the shade the most daring achievements of the Iete Marquis of Hustings, Captsiu Soott, end other notorious "pluDgers" (stye the World l. Amongst the bets he laid lest week were twenty " monkeys " on Ormonde (whose proper price was 100 to 15), 5000 to 500 on Forio(exac'1y double), I and 2000 to 1000 on Ksnnitz, and 6000 to 1000 on Grandieou. He won tbe first two, but lost the others, and wss £6000 ' ont " on the balance i The Murtoa Racing Clnb have issosd on imposing programme for s country clnb. They hold a two days' meeting on the 10th and 11th Febroaiy. On tbe first day there are six events, lucloding tbe Marios Cop,, of SO sovs. (a mile and a half), and. a Hurdle Race, of 30 sovs. Tire Steeplechase, of 50 sovs,, is the at traction on the second day, and there are also a Handicap, of 30 sova. , and a Selling Race, of 20 eora. Entries for the princi pal events do not close tiU the 6th January. The meeting will, no doubt, attract s number of tbe middling division of metropolitan horses. The annual race meeting at Trentham will be held on Boxing Day. The princi pal event is the Trentham Handicap, of 19 sovs. The handicaps will be published next week. The Meredith, Morrisons, Elaine, and Steiglitz United Racing Clnb hold their fifth annnal meeting at Meredith on Box ing Day. The programme is published elsewhere. Thero is a Two Mile Handi cap for 20 sova. Entries for this event,; and elso for the Hurdle Race end Trot, close with the lion, secretary at the Shire Hall, Meredith, on Friday night. The postponement of the Moonee Valley meeting till to-morrow clkihes slightly with the Hamilton races, which are also fixed for the same day. Weights for the Deniliqnin Amateur Meeting are due on Friday, end the ac ceptances on Wednesday. The protest entered against Cheroot in connection with the Sandhurst Trot, has been dismissed by the stewards. Mr. Edward Boyce, secretary of the Creswick Racing Club, informs us that since the last meeting the course has been much improved, and is now in excellent order. The hurdles, which were higher than those in general use, have been reduced. The club hold their meeting on the 20th January, for which date an attractive programme, which appears in full elsewhere, has been prepared. The Creswick Handicap has £25 added, the distance being a mile and a quarter. There is a Hurdle Race, of 20 sovs.; a Trot, of 15 sovs.; and a Selling Race, of 15 sovs., besides a Hack Race, and a Trial Stakes. The general entries and acceptances in connection with the Bairnsdale meeting are due on Monday, the 20th Deoeruber, with tbe secretary, Mr. James Johnston, at Bairnsdale. On Friday next entries for tbe Kilniore Club Handicap, the District Handicap, Steeplechase, Hurdle Race, and Ladies' Bacelet cloBe with the secretary, Mr, W. Cdnahere, at Kihunre'. The h ndicapsfor these events will appear in next week's Sportsman. Winchelsea and Lai Ltl weights are due on Saturday next. The two dayB' meeting of the Junes Racing Clnb, which ie to be held on the 26th and 27th January, must be attended to by intending nominators on Tuesday next, when entries for the Junee Cup, Anniversary Handicap, and Hurdle Race close. Mr. G. G. Stead's bay mare Marion, 5 years, won the principal raco at the last . Dunedin meeting. The mare's dsni, Peeress, visited Maribyrnong, sod Marion was the result. At the same meeting the Hon. G. M'Lean's St. Ivee, by Gorton — Legerdemain, won the Maiden Plate, and subsequently appropriated the President's Handicap, of 200 sovs. The Criterion Stakes for the two-year-olds was won by Fairymaid, who ia by Albany out of Titania. The Selling Two-year-old Race fell to Gipsy King, who is by lie Loup ont of Gitana. On tbis occasion Fairy - maid only got second place. Mr. Alfred Page hae had to shoot the stallion British Workman, who injured himself Borne time ago. British Work man was by Castle Hill, ont of Resistance, The conditions of the Evelyn Tnrf Clnb meeting are peculiar. The races are to he held at Yarra Flats on Boring . Day, and although there are Hurdle Race, of 20 sovs., and a Handicap, of 30 sovs., in the programme, all the entries hive to be made at the post. Another race meeting that will he held on New Year's Day, in addition to those a'n ady announced, is that -of the Beechworlh Amateur Racing Clnb. Their programme la published in our issue of this week. It is a very fair programme, including amongst the aeven events— a 30 sov. Handicap (a mile and a quarter) ; a 20 sovs. Mile Race ; and a 20 sovs. Hurdle Race. Ik reference to the dispute be. ween the bookmakers and the Tasmanisn racing people over the use of the totaUsator, the following appears in last week's Tw- manian: — " A committee meeting of the TaBmanian (Launceston) Turf Club will he held on Monday next, when tbe action of the ringmen will probably load to a deci sion in favour of the tntalisator being used in the saddling paddock. This will cause a substantial increase in therevenne of the clnb, while with reference to tbe ringmen our club may say witb.Ko Ko in The Mikado,' ' They never will be missed.' The summer meetings, too, if tbey are only worked up, will probably be two of the most successful yet held in Tasmania, as the presnmptoous action of the books ie bound to cause a great revulsion of feeling." They are going in for plenty of racing up Hamilton way. In addition to the Hamilton Races on Thursday, meetings will be held mt Balmoral, Bochara, sod Tahara on Boxing Day ; at Heywood on New Year's D«v, and at Maosrthur on the Sid January. Fob the Victorian Club meeting at Oaulfield on the 22nd January, nomina tions have to be mode on Monday next, t the Y.A.T.C. office. The events arranged comprise Victorian Club Gup (with 300 sovs. added), Hurdle Race, Two-year-old Stakes, Selling Race (of 150 "kovs.), Steeplechase (of 150 eovs.), and January Handicap. Ten Geelong people will be occupied on Monday next with tbe entries for their gammer Meeting on the 28th and 29th Januaiy. On that date entries close for the Cop, Hurdle Race, Railway Stakes, Grand Stand Stakes, Juvenile Stakes, Geelong Handicap, and Steeplechase. The Gup Rsoe has £200 and a gold cup, valued at 100 guineas, added. Nomina tion! may either be made at the V.R.C. or local office. Tbe New Year's Day Meeting of the Mooroopna Race Clnb requires attention next week. On' Monday nominations for tbe following events close with the secre tary, Mr. BL H. Turnley, viz. : — Hurdle Kace, Mooroopna Handicap, and Railway Stakes. Nominations for the Smeaton Cup, Hordle Race, Selling Hurdle Race, Trot, and 'Welter Handicap close with the secretary, Mr. J. Martin, at the Cumber- . laud Hotel , Smeaton, on Tuesday next. Mb. J. St. L. .O'Brien, secretary of the Ecbuca Racing Club, informs us that they have fixed their meeting for tbe 9th February next, and that £180 will be given away in prizes. The programme of the Shepparton meeting to be held on tbe 9th and 10th February, which is published elsewhere, is a most attractive one, and for a township like Shepparton a most pretentious one. We wish the club every success in their new departure in having a two days' meet ing. With good management tbe meeting may be made a success. The Shep parton Handicap, on the first day, has 75 sbvs. added, the nomination being a sovereign, and the acceptance a couple of sovereigns. The distance is a mile and a half. In addition to this event there are the Sires' Produce Stskes (already closed), Sellinc Hurdle Rice of 25 sovs., Maiden Plate of 25 sove., and Flying ' Handicap of 30 sovs. On the second day of the meeting the principal race will be (he Moira Handicap, of 60 eovs., over a mile. Forty sovereigns is added to e two-mile Hordle Race, and 30 eovs. to the Publicans' Purse. There are also a Selling Race of 20 sove., Juvenile Stakes of 20 sove., and Farewell Handicap of 25 sove. Mr. Harold Turnley, the secretary of the club, informs us that the running track is just now in excellent Older,' and the gra66 that was eown since lest meeting hae taken root, and ie springing up nicely. The sad fate of the jnckey M 'Grade brings to recollection one or two incidents in which he figured durinu the Caulfield Cup Day, when poor Donald Nicholson lost Ilia life. M'Gro'e, who wsf wearinp a handsome pin in his scarf, was eiiga-c l in conversation with a Iriend — another jockey — alio said to him "M -Grade, you ought to get rid of that opal pin. You will never have any luck so long as jou have it." The words were prophetic, for in the Cup Race that, duy M'Grade was one of the injured jockeys. Still another recol lection. Owing to some mischanc% the colours in which M'Grade should have ridden in that day's events did nqt come to hand. He. borrowed another set of colours. The lender de- mur.ed at giving them to M'Grade at first, in these terms: — " I will not lend them to yon. ' I would not advise you to wear them, as they are very unlucky." As to why the colours were unlucky was not stated, but certain it was that M'Grade wore them when be met with his accident. 