Widow Watson. By K. I*. WHITWORTH. A wet Christmas. You know what tba means on the diggings. It means hot, muggy weather, mud up to your knees; damp, dirt, and discomfort generally. But it also means a big washing up, and consequent plenty of gold, with its concomitants, drinking, gam bling, riot, disorder, and devils’ dance gene rally that characterise the diggings, or rather, did characterise the diggings ol, let us say, twenty years since. What a dark yet lurid shadow the early days on tne gold fields seems to east over the memorios of those who havo lived long enough to recollect them. The days of easy getting,and . reckless spending, of desperate toil and mad revel, of hardships and danger, and thought less waste, of crime perhaps, auu sufler And yet from out of those dark days, from amidst thoBO bands of careless and lawless adventurers, ever now and again, shine out vivid gleams of God's own sunlight, that show all the more brightly for the murky clouds by whioh they are environed. Such an one, of many I havo known, occurs to me A wet Christmas, or, rather, Christmas Eve, on the Walhalla diggings.. Thera hnd been a week’B rain, and Stringer’s Creek and. the Thompson were running bankers to the lakes below. The rounded hump of Mount Baw Baw loomed hazily through the light drizzle, looking all the miles he was distant instead of, aB he wsb wont in fine weather_ appearing almost to overhang the valley on’ the steep hill sides of whioh the miners Bought their rich treasure. The ronds and tracks, such as they were, were covered with a thiok layer of yellow mire and slush, and all nature seemed as miserable and dejected as she usually doeB under such conditions. In the afternoon, however, the rain partially cleared off, and ithe bud even got' a chance now and again to lighten up tho prospect with a tearful smile. But melancholy as everything looked out Bide, within doors there were very high jinks indeed, and the sound of revelry, not to Bay devilry, impregnated with the fumes of to bacco and the odor of rum, and fringed with a garniture of choioe digger blasphemy, is sued from every hotel and shanty in tho township. In a word, money was plentiful, the men were in high spirits, and Bullocky Ben, the burly landlord of the “ Pick and Shovel," who was usually of a grumbling disposition, was heard to declare that there hadn't been such a “roust up,” since he’d been in the oountry. Drinking, swearing, smoking, danoing, Binging, quarrelling, and, above all, oard playing, were in full blast, and poker, euchre, oribbage, Yankee Grab, and other devices, by which the unholy alliance of gamblers and shanty-keepers ease the miner of his hardly won gold, went merrily on. Why try to describe the sceno further ? Those of the olden time who have been in it and of it, will easily realize it, those who have not, never oan. That afternoon, or rather, evening, just as the sun was giving a farewell glint, prior to going to bed beyond the Western ranges, the Blosh, slosh of a heavily shod man, might have been heard leisurely tramping through the wet scrub and deep mud, from the direction of the Tubal Cain mine, and making for the townBhip. Presently ho emerged from the bush into view. He was a big, stalwart fellow, black-bearded, and em browned by exposure to the sun and weather. Hard-handed, hard-featured, with that far off, yet determined, almost defiant look that tells so surely of the stern battle ol life fought yet not always won. Ho was clad in the inevitable Blouched billy-cock hat, a rough blue jumper, and moleskin trousers stained with slush and bedaubed with clay, he looked the very picture of what he was, a hardy, fearless, rough and tumble old time digger, equal to’either fortune, and ready at any mo ment either for a feast or a fray. Curly, for that was the eoubriquet by whioh he was mostly known, was indeed a hard case, honest indeed, industrious, and true as steel, but somewhat, it is to be feared, of a hard living, hard swearing, graceless reprobate, a type, in short, of a class of which there wore so many in those days. As he came down the hill and approached the fallen tree which served as a bridge over the yellow rushing oreek, a sudden, heavy downpour of rain caused him to turn aside for shelter, in a little shod attached to a small slab hut a little way back from the track; and, without intending to be an eavesdropper, he could not help overhearing what was being said in the sorry dwelling. . By-and-by hiB attention and his curiosity were aroused, aud as by moving a little, and peeping between a slit in tho logs, he could Bee without being seen, he looked in. Tho room was meanly and scantily furnished, and by the empty lire place, seated on n low stool, was a woman of some thirty years of age. She had a gray, faded, sorrowful look, the Bad, wan look that patient resignation to evil fortune stamps on the face so certainly, and alaB, bo indelibly, Leaning on her lap, and gazing intently into her face, was a little boy, barely a baby, hardly two years old, and, on a roughly constructed bunk of sap lings, sat two other cnildren, girls, of about four and six respectively. They were the widow Mrs. Watson and family, tho widow and fatherless children of Harry WatBon, an industrious miner who had been working at the Long Tunnel, and who had been accidentally killed by the fal ling of a tree, eighteen months before. The company had buried him, and had done something for the widow, certainly, but ohl so little for her needs, and she had eked out a living by washing and doing needlework; but she overtaxed her strength, and had long been ailing, and as she was very reserved, and never paraded her poverty, she Beemed to have dropped out of mind. “ I’se doin’ to hand my ’tokin’ up to' l’anta . Flaus to put sumfin’ in, den we's have a dood dinner, eh, mamma ?” the little fellow said, as Curly peered in. ... The widow’s eyes filled with tears, but she made no reply. “ Santa Claus doesn’t come so high up in these ranges as we live,” said the elder girl. “ Yes he does,” said the younger, “ don’t you remember, once, at Chriatmas, he put something in our stockings. I got a bright new sixpence and a doll. But that was be fore pa died.” r ■ ii " I’se doin’to be a big man soon, X is, said the little boy, bravely, “ den I’se doin’ to be a didder ’ite pa, and 'den Da det p’enty money an’ fings. Isn’t I ma?” “ Oh obildren, ohildren,’’ said the widow, choking back a Bob, and smiling, or-trying to smile through her falling tears, “we are poor, very poor, but never mind, we'll ■ be better off some day, and then—and then ” But the poor woman fairly broke down, and wept silently. “ What mates you always try bo, ma I asked the little fellow, gently stroking the faded-face with his chubby hands. “ Oh, my darlings, my poor, innocent,help less little ones, you'll break my heart with your prattle. I ory because I have no food to give you, hardly any firing, no money, no anything. A little dry damper, that iB all. When that’s gone, God help ub.” “God will help us, mamma. You have often told us so, and you always speak the truth,” said the elder girl, caressingly, and olasping the widow round the neck,and softly kissing her. “Besides I’m not hungry, at least, not very.” Curly could bear ho more. He made) t>u«e as if he would have knocked at the door, nus after a moment’s hesitation,.he turned aoiuy away. ' * ■* * * * The “Pick and Shovel”—and, for the matter ol that, every other hotel and ebanty in the township—wu doing a roaring trade that evening, and Bnllocky Ben, his wife, Jim the barman, Mol) Dowd, the big, red haired servant girl, and Hoppy Joe, the odd job man, was ae busy as they could be, reap ing in the goldeu harvest. The bar was full, the parlor was full, so was the long dining room, so was the kitchen, The atmosphere was thick with tobacco emoke, the noise was uproarious, as Curly strode in from the mud puddle that did duty as the main *• Hello, Curly!" shouted Long Ned the packer, as he caught sight of Curly’s face in the doorway. “ Where you been ? Darn me if you don’t look as scared as if you'd seen a There was a lull in the hubbub, as every one in the room turned to look at the new comer’s solemn countenance. He did look scared enough, in sober fact. “Boys,” said Curly, impressively, “I hnrr seen a ghost, and such a ghost as I can’t say I’m sorry for seeing. And it’s fetched me, you bet. Fetched me up all standing, as a feller may say.” There was a dead silence, and someone asked : “ What have yon seen ?" “ A ghost, mates. The ghost of days long gone by. The ghost of forgotten things. The ghost of undone duty. The men looked at him, and at each other in surprise. Even the card players suspended their games. “Boys," he went on, “I’ve seen this blessed evening what’s brought the salt water into my eyes, and hy George 1 I ain’t ashamed to say it. You all remember poor Harry Watson, as was killed at the Long Tunnel two year since come June?'’ “Yes, yes.” " Well, I happened to be passing the • kY'diti’s thiB afternoon, and turned into the lean-to to shelter out o’ the rain, and there 1 see and hear summut as laid me out, knocked the sawdust clean out o’ me. There was that poor creatur’ a-sittin' cryin’ over them fatherless babbies—cryin’, mates, o’count of havin’ no food to give ’em. Think o’ that, boys, this blessed Christmas time, and no food to give ’em. 1 couldn’t stand their in nocent talk, by George I couldn’t, I had to cut and run. If I hadn’t I should ha’ blubbed right out. Now, you've all heer’d o’ that Santa Claus, as bring things for kids on Christmas eve?” “ Yes, yes.” “Very well. This ’ere’s Christmas eve, and we’ve had a good washin’ up, all on us. Now, what I mean for to say is this 'ore, thBt Walballa’s not goin’ to be played so low down on as not to have a Santa Claus of its own. And that Santa Clause is goin’ to the Widder’s this very night, on the quiet, as it were. We ain’t a mean lot o’ skunks on these diggin’s. not as I knows on. There’s my hat, and there’s my pound note in the crown on it. Anybody can cover it ns Bendigo Sam, the biggest rough and bully, and the most inveterate gambler on the held, rose quietly from tho table, saying in, for him, a wonderfully soft voice : “ Put down your cards, boys, I’m in this 1 reckon. Thero’s my pound. Who's next?” There was no need to ask. In a moment Curly was surrounded by a sympathetic crowd, and notes, gold, and silver wero poured into the hat as if hy magic. “Pass it round hero,” called someone from the bar, and the I'actolean stream rolled “ Pass it round the township,” cried one enthusiastic contributor, “ I reckon we mountain boys do things right up to the nines when we do ’em at all.” And it was done. Some gave in money, some in kind. The affair by some means had spread through the place, and all gaye something, the result being that Santa Claus must have had a very big pock indeed to hold half the offerings of these rough and ready, but generous, dwellers in the wilder Tao township appeared to be oppressed with some great and profound secret all that evening. Men who met in the hotels, stores, or street, whispered to each other myste riously, or conversed in low, solemn tones. Even the card players at the taverns seemed to be preoccupied, and Bendigo Sam twice made a misdeal,a thing liehad never before been known to do within the memory of his oldest acquaintance. Quarrels were made up, old friendships which had been severed, renewed, and, singular to relate, for the first time in the history of Walhalia, the eve of festival was allowed to pass without a fight, or a solitary individual being “run in” to the police camp. It was us if the inhabitants had had premonition of some vaet morul earthquake or volcanic erruption. At a little after midnight half a score of stout fellows, each loaded up with a package more or less bulky and weighty, might have been seen moving stealthily along the valley in the direction of the widow’s residence. The rain had ceased, and a watery moon Bhono in the firmament, now visible, now obscured by the driving scud overhead. There was not a Bound save the harsh brawl ing of the swollen creek, and the querulous whimper of some balateu ’possum in the dis tant bush. Noiselessly they approached the log cabiu. AH was silence, all darkness. Noiselessly they laid down their burdens at the door under the little overhanging porch, and as noiselessly they glided away again, fading out into the semi-darkness like so many shadowy Bpectres. Meanwhile the children elept peacefully, dreaming, it might be, of the angelio quire who hailed the natal day of the God child with exultant carols of transcendent sweet ness more than eighteen centuries before. Slept, each with its little stocking pinned above its head in childish faith in the dear old legend we all know and love to teach. The hours of darkness sped. Tho bell bird and magpie hailed the advent of the sacied morning with the metallic music of their joyous notes. The rosy blush of dawn Bpread over the eastern Bky, lighting up the peaks that rose tier after tier in the grey dis tance. The freBh crisp wind rustled the leafy Bcreen of the lofty gums and the sweet scented wattle-blossom, und tho mother rose from her lowly couch to prepare the meagre morning meal with the moisture in her eyas, and the dull aohing of blank despair in her heart. No need for her to look into those poor little stockings hanging at the bed’s head. No need to wake the little sleepers to the dis -appointment that must come too soon. She went quietly and silently to work, built up aome kindling for the tire, then opened the door to get a stick or two of wood from the small store in tho shed. Great heavenB I what was this? Was it a dream? Was it a mockery of the senses ? Was it witchcraft? A heap of packages huddled into the door way, and on the topmost one a card securely sewn, and bearing the inscription : “ The Widow and children Watson, from Santa Claus.” She staggered back into the room, and, in a voice that seemed soarcely her own, called on tho little ones to wake and see this marvel of marvels. Marvel of marvels indeed. Wonder beyond all wondering. Tho very embarrass ment of riches. Tho ohildren had never seen anything like it before. Flour, tea, sugar, butter, cheese, bacon, a fat goose, tinned meats—why go on enumerating. There was everything human eye had ever Been, or human heart could desire. Food of all kinds, materials for clothing, such few toys as the township could afford, poor things enough, but, to them, of priceless value. And, last of all, the little boy came to a small parcel carefully stitched up in a piece of canvas. "Here mamma,” he said, “he’s a ickle heavy one, I tan’t ’ift it.” The mother raised it from the ground. It was heavy, very heavy for its size. On opening it what wbb her astonishment to find it filled with money, paper, gold, silver of all denomina tions. Her heart was full. “ Oh my darlings, “ she cried in an estacy of gratitude, “we Bhall never know want again, never, never, never. Kneel down with me anti pray Cod’s beat blessing on those who at thia festive season have not forgotten to remember the Widow and the Fatherless in their ailliction. Yea, and they shall beblesBed. Amen, and Amen. Behind a clump of bush, not very far dis tant, might have been seen the stalwart form of Curly. Ah she fell on her knees, and lifted her pale face to heaven, he flushed red through his bronzed akin, turned awkwardly away, and slunk quietly through the bush as if afraid of being detected. Let us go with him, and leave Widow Watson to pour out her soul in gratitude to the One who reigneth eternal in the heavens, and whose mercy endureth for over. 