\- ---- l A schoolboy, when asked to defi- suit," quickly replied, " The thi??0 man wears." An effective table ornament not is produced by capsising? a eu coffee. The design is generallup one. '• Uncle : "I hear you take danionh, how do you like waltzing " S, .-1 very much? But the lady isal?' ? way. Bracelets of old coins are noFw able; but the attempt to be handcuffs, for real durabilitr, a:il"l a failure. There was nothing conceited a.; gallant British soldier who frankto that he could beat anybody or a:: except a retreat. At School.-Teacher of Natural "Now tell me which of the animal the greatest attachment to mano " The leech, Signor Professore" In Genoa the policemen wear iil carry silver-headed walking siuei" seems to be the only place wheo. man can look as big as he feels An old maid in Aintree, bein, for a pin-cushion, made ous of an o the following morning she fount needles had tears in their eyes. An inexperienced policeman iea other day to arrest one George L alias Brown. lie returned weth L but reported that Alias Brown ha him and ied. " You have plenty of reading hare visitor to the editor of a literar , pointing to a pile of books onth: desk. "Those are not for readinz. the editor ; " those are for reviewi?o, A Family Likeness-Some tie;. negro spied a black poodle on board a and melted into tears at the ,si. asked the reason he answered, sub pointing to the dog: " Ah hI i " poor sister I" In Richmond Church, Surrey, isj taph on a certain Robert lewis, 0h. 1840, " and who was," says the o " such a lover of peace that when a tion began to arise between life ant: yielded up the ghost to end the diay s Sundays and WVeek- dayns.-lea'i,: partnent (severely to clerk): ". lloe . Hiiller, you were away from the _' day on Wednesday last1" ""1 . wa? was the timid reply. " Ilion a wse thundered the chief ; " pray what dl on Sundays I" If your friend meets with advrc~n:, offend him by asking for particalk. neighbor will be glad to tell vou a:: you not only avoid offending your but you give pleasure to his neic-ir. Two housemaids, strolling pas: a brac shop, paused to look at two chat in the window-a fine eighte`.n.brh and one of three branches. "'.ni:'I like best ?" asked the younger mail. three branches," replied the vete.:; easier cleaned." Among the Chinese no relics r: valuable than the boots that have :: by a magistrate. If he resignsa:i_ the city a crowd accompanies himn. residence to the gates, where h:.:. drawn off with great ceremony.: " served in the hall of justice. A society has been formed to a people from being buried ali-v.'c people whom it is proposed to b0ur? : young poets, practical jokers. alth~:i who come up behind you and hilp ' . down over your eyes, the society ': grow very unpopular. It has nohb_: interfere in such a commendable ?'ei Mexican Actor (to playwright): touch up plays, I understand; introd: plays, and that sort of thing i" Ph.i " Oh, yes." Actor : " ery well. ie into Missouri next week with h::. I want you to re-write the play s'o: in two bloodhounds and a baby." " Worse luck too," says Mrs. ilL:. who, having to go out early 0nor: morning, came a cropper. "Let'`: up,. mum," said a nasty, imperes? "here's a bobby a-commin', and .:' allow slidia' on the pavement." A simple fellow once said of s beauty, "I could have courtedlai her easy enough, if I'd wanted t. ' pray why didn't you " asked _" " Oh, when I proposed to her, y?:e took me on one side and politelc??i excused, andso I excused her,' A reader in a scientific journalr to clean out boilers." It is the ca in the world. Simply let thewa: low, and the steam too high, airt will not only be " cleaned " out v:i able impetuosity, but pretty m'::: thing else in its immediate ?ral:.' It never fails. " I think, ma," said voung i lh?h breakfast- table, " that )Ir. eathe:: rather expensive calling on Clar : do you mean by that, young umn posed his sister, with asperity. "ld:' nothing by it," replied oibby, i. " only I heard him tell you in the - night that every time he ca!!deic: broke the glass of his watch." "Good-morning! Congratulai congratulations 1" Thusa man mt0= bor. " What for?" was the sa.i -e quiry. "What have I donel" heard you had twins bora to yu0 : " It's all a mistake; that was~r:i" door." " Well, well; then it s,0: I declare, you are to be conur earnest." Among the advertisements i paper appeared the following: "le man who found a purse with 2." Blumenstrasse is requested to 0.ir the address of the loser, as he israc A few days afterwards the re serted: "The reconoiseod e0nn picked up a purse in the Illua:O. quests the loser to call at his ho. Two Dublin Jarveys were rOeI up the quays after the arriral t'i mail-train. They ran a dn the first drawhridge, where th One of the animals fell, and t"' English gentleman--was pr1ci0i the water. After he had blon difliculty rescued by the bystand just regaining consciousnesso tbl proached, and reassuringly 0h roight, sir. Get up agin, th: hurted I" A woman ran out of the h000 ing crying "fire" as loud as h! A pedestrian, who was pa ·nih. ' the steps and into the hall, si to see or smell smoke, he t0 gaping and excited woman "Where is the fire I I can't-Oee one." "I-I didn't mean tfiro murder 1" she replied. "Istt1' the house?" "No, sir. murder you ?" "Oh, I didn't tO. but the awfullest, biggest r0at0 eyes on chaced our cat across thob It is so nice to have a high --0' for a thing. Hereafter, when : leaves the flatirons in the temp'' of an avuncular relative, she a' "spouting," or "I popping," 0 "i them. Oh, no. She willsay he thecated" them. That's the '. tinguished insolvent has int000'd nection with these little L' actions, and the real gain phirh t ti prove to society ought, n p 2i sate for the loss of one of its00 orhnamentsic critic who said tt ',0 much bustle on the stage migh and in the audience 1too, 