WRINKLES.' . . (BY GRANaOUsLEn.) rTHAT pcople are bocoming (as Mr. Fletcher forcibly. puts it) " thoroughly " tired. of keeping ihe; idlers, the "loafers, the criminuls, and the scum of ' society, living comfortably, in a life of: " do nothing and comparativn luxury ",livinig in fact far bctter ,hllan tons of ."thousands who act honestly and who ihavo, to labour hioad for their. liveli "hood," is ail ungainsayable solid fact thbat dcserves the. shrewdest attention and consideration of the responsible head 'of"the penal' department- the Minister of.Justice, to wit. Our prison systeim is' honey-combed with rotton ness., It presents' no ctrror to the habitual, evil-doer. It but rarely punishes him, and still more rarely reforms him. Scandalous favouritism prevails in not a few gaols; absurd laxity in others; proper discipline in done. The prisoner who has well-to-do. friends, occupies a social status in not a few gaols that is denied to the friendless prisoner, whose conduct perchance may be better than that of 'his more fortunate " mate." Inspection is quite perfunctory; while whatiis known as tragic is disgracefully pre valent, to the no small enrichment of the ofieial " middlemen,' by whose direct aid or quiet connivance it is possible. 'The- fact is, that though 'nominally worked upon Crofton lines, the Now South Wales penal system is leavenedwitl the spirit that obtained in • the old convict times ; hence the reform that it requires is one of the nature of a clean sweep-so far at least as all the old official hands in the depart ment are concerned. Compel the retirement on equitable compensation of these old hands ; put in their stead a class of men of quite another type; with reference to hard labour sen tence, insist that the labour shall not only be hardI but actually performed by convicts, without respect of per sons; do away with the " billet" system, and if a perfect penal dis cipline isn't the result, what does eventuate will be a power better than the rascally swindle which is worked at awful expense to the com munity-to no erinimal's amendment and to but few prisoners' dread-under the name of the " Crofton system," improved ! I note you were talking about long words the other day, and the name of that Welsh village which you gave us to exercise our jaws upon was decid edly a " scarer ;" but it hardly comes up to the word-said to be the longest extant, and which has 169 letters and 77 syllables, and reads as follows: Lepadotem achoselachogaleokranio leiphanodrimupotrimmatokichlep ik o s suphophattoperisteralektruonoptegkep halokigklopeleiolagoosiraiobaphctraga nopterugon. That noble " jaw-breaker" occurs in one of the plays of Aristophanes, and ought to be pronounced by nothing under an entire syndicate of profes sional orators. Talking of long names, there was some years back in the Spanish public service an employee who rejoiced in the tolerably extensive " monniker" of Burionagonatotorecagageazcoecha. Sir Henry Taylor, the tidings of whose death has just been cabled to us, was a many-sided man of very considerable parts. I have just been reading his "Auto-biography," which was published by Longmans last year ; and its perusal has confirmed the mental impression that I had pre viously formed of the man, from the study of his "Philip Van Artevcide." -one of my favourite books. At 28 he began the batt'e of life by writing a vigorous Tory paper, which Gifford gladly secured for the Quarterly Review. That article obtained for him his ap pointment in the Colonial Office, in which department he fulfilled a variety of functions from 1824 to 1872. In his "Auto-biography" he claimed to have been practically the Secretary for the Colonies, when simply a junior clerk in the Colonial Cffice. It is certainly a fact that he and his senior official associate, James Stephen (the historian), did all the heavy work be hind the scenes which resulted in the abolition of slavery. Though he be gan public life as an ultra-Tory he gradually developed into a Badical doctrinaire. But it was as a poet that he was ambitious to be known; and much of his poetry is excellent- his drama on Van Artevelde specially so. Thaugh none of his works are general favourites, many passages from them have become familiar as household words- take for instance, these: He that lacks time to mourn, lacks time to mend. Eternity mourns that. 'Tis an ill cure For Life's worst ills, to have no time to feel them. Whore Sorrow's held intrusive, and turned out, There Wisdom will not onter, nor true Power, Nor naught that dignifies Humanity. Shakespeare might have writ those living words. With bayonets soft as load,' what can East Kent, or Royal Welsh, or Black Watch or' Connaught Ranger hope to effect ? How clear the" way when the fraudulent purveyor has purveyed weapons not of proof, but of inoffensiveness to foe men ? 'London Punch is in the right of it when conjecturing of " the thin red line "--of the future, he steraly says: Oh, "Thin Red Line," the thought of which will still Make KraoLme's readers with proud passion thrill, How wilt thou fare in the next fray, if " found," By cogging knaves with steel that will not wound? Give thom the bayonet, boyel" IIow the old cry Will move the foe to mirth and mockery I Why need they fear brave hearts and iron hands, Why dread the charge that nought-till now withstands, When blade and point, In which our heroes trust, Play false at the close pinch ? Prone in the dust Of a lost field-by base home traitors lost Betrayed by dogs who batten at his cost, Foiled by oflficial fooldom, sold to death By skullking huksters, with his latest breath HIow will the Bllammon-ormutdercd soldierocurse. The wretches who, to plump a felon purse, ! Doomed himl to slaughter, and his land to shame i Tie Thin lIed Line'? A memory, a mere name; Spectral, reproachiful as slain honour's ghost, Will be th't tillo, once a nation's boast. If Englaud dotll not rise in righteous wrath, And sweep these traitrous hucksters from her path, Ero traitor hearts sardonic mockery feel . In tho old legend, "True as Britil steel." Clarke, of Orange, will haveo it that the farmers don't like.the id-a of. cer tain cheap trains being named by tLe?Pr name. They say-so at least Clarke, of Orange, saysontheirbehalf--that the term " farmers' train" degrades.'ei; is' an impeachment of their dignity; and s? on. Well, perhaps, it does" imply, you know, .that the farmer isn't exactly a plutocrat, and that cheapness becomes him, as it becomes the workman, who also has trains named after him. Perhaps " Rural Trains" would satisfy Clarke, of Orange, and his fribnds ? The term is slightly poetic; and off the home- returning agriculturalist's lips would occasionally slide not ungracefully as " Troorali-looral traiitslh." Perhaps Mr. Lyne will kindly make a note of my suggestion. 'ii· '* *· Conservative metropolitan jour nalism sees in the notion of starting a Railway Employees' Association some thing quite too "owdacious" altogether. State employees mnusn't be allowed to associate at all, at all, says O.M.J. Rather, says O.M.J., any proposal on the part of any railway employees to start " associating" must be dealt with as a crime ! And for why, does C.M.J. view the association of State employces with such wrath and indignation ? Do you ask ? Well, because C.M.J. has a notion that association and strikes are (as a blackfellow would say) " brother-belonging-to-one-another.: There hare been associations and there have been strikes in connection with associations, ergo strikes are the logical outcome of association. Thus the argument of O.M.J. But there have been strikes without associations; hence it might be argued- mightn't it ?-that strikes ain't the fruit of associations. The way I look at these matters is this-I regard association as natural, reasonable, healthy, brotherly; and, because natural, rea. sonable, healthy, brotherly, the be getter and promoter of things seemly, honourable, and just. And I regard strikes as things abnormal, not necessarily bad in themselves, but the fruit of injustice. Where association is aboveboard, and on defined prirc'ples (in themselves equitable and well-balanced), it will never cause a strike. It will on the other hand always condemn the cause of any strike, though occasionally it may give all its moral and material support to lower men on strike. On the whole, and in the long run, association is much more cal culated to diminish the causes, and to mitigate the severity of strikes than it is to promote them. Just as the honourablo association of employers tends in the long run to betterd trades so does the honourable association of employees. And any effort, on the part of Paternalism, to hinder the principle of honourable association from having the fullest, fairest play is bound to work mischief, by causing the very evils which foolish C.M.J. conceives that standing fast by Medievalism would abolish. At least, them's my notions on the subject! To make an army of any departmental body of state employees, would be to introduce into our at present much'too bureaucratic Bureaucracy a lot of elements fatally prejudicial to healthy government. C.M.J. should buy a copy of Mill "On Liberty," and read, mark, learn, and inwardly digest its contents, with a view to getting broader views on this big subject. 