QUEER STORY. A FOX CAI'tilir IX HIS OWN' TUAT. Mr .Tamw> Fox w.i.« the junior partner io the firm of Plumley vni Fox the principal solicitor' in the somewhat dead- alive old Cathefral town of Sinmhoroagh. lie was a smart, well-set-up juuog man of two or tbrco and thirty, witn cart'nlly tiimcnrtl black whiskers, a silken m«n'ifr, an uuliinited flow of more or less n'citaloing small talk. Henoe it came to pa« that be was an exceedingly popular ipen among the ladies of 81amborouah, both old and young, nod, bad his vises lain in the direction of matrimony, ho would have had small difficulty in inducing any bashful damsel or frisky widow to sharo hia lot. But tho handsome solictor was ambitions ; hia share in the business did not at present bring him in mora than a mc derate Income, and he had long ago determined that when he married he mast con- rider not only beaat/, bat mora solid odvan fieiree»ftf, however, were not plsntifal in 81umborongh, and so, although Mr Fos a at tention flattered a virgin bosom, he was care ful tot to oommit himself too for, and not even tbe local gossips could fairly say of hia that bo hod compromised a reputation or knowingly raised folsehopet, Tb«ra one young lady who hod mode a deep Impre sion upon the solicitor's heart, bet she waa tha daughter of a country mages.# with Yhom poor Mr Fox was eot are- oe tUitlhg terms. Ba had mat bar at the AWmii Haat Ball, aba had danced twice tth Uak) for Mr Fox was ao excellent wal mother had doubt- WMr,4j her against him, for when next , wtt't somosU weoko afterwards, Mies La ton passed the unfortunate man without so much as a hew. Mi Laquerton, however, was lovely aed rich, and Mr Fox was not a man to be easily discouraged. He knew that if he could only afford to cut the office ani blossom Into a landed proprietor, hs would have just as good acb&noe; with beraa anybody else, sobs waited patiently in the hopes of one day dis covering the road which lead to fortune and uccaaa. . Tha firm of Plumloy and Fox wu a respectable end old-fashoned concern which avoided litigation and kapt almost entirely ta 1BBII/ UWlirenns I. iiinun VV mm m are.../ lawyer, bat Fox's legal knowledge wu of the most limited character, and he wu much too lazy to take the trouble to lacrosse it. 8 it came to he understood between them that while Plamley did tha office work, Fox kapt tha client In goaa humor by calling on them apropos of nothing, and amusing them with his jokca and ud storiss. Thisbuslness wu technically termed "keeping the eonneotton together," and it raited mt Fox very well indeed It wu while bs wu that keeping the connection to gether that Mr Fox mode the acqulnteoce of a certain rich old widow lady, named Mrs Johnson, and so well did ha play his caidt that bsfore long Plamley and Fox became Mrs Johnson's family solicitors, land agsnta, and confidential advisers. The firm mode a pretty good thing out of Mra Jobnsoo. In aocordance with the usual arrangement, Plamley trans octod tha businaas, and Fox became e constant visitor at her house, and worked hit way Into her good graces by hia wonderful powers of amusing conversation. There wu yet another accomplish meat which stood onr solicitor in vrry good stood, this was on accurate know ledge of choaistry and medicine, which he hod picked up as a boy In the shop ef hia ancle. The horrible smells young Fox had created in his experiments, end the ugly stains he hod made on his hards, determined him ta fonoko medicine for tbe law, bnt he never forgot hie early experience!. He could talk fluently about every known drug and diaeoeee,and aboat n great many which hod not yat boon dis covered ; ha diagnorad Mrs Johnston's eymptone at least as accurately u Mac Bolus, tne Scotch doctor, and would oven have pre scribed for her had not the etalwart Scot angrily threatened to kick him if he did so. Bat be retained a very prominent plooe in tbe old lady e affections, end It began to be whispered aboat that he hod on excellent chance of euc ceding to bar very valuable property. The diepoeal of Mrs Johnson's money wu a matter which hod long famished epetoletion ( unfailing interest ta tee tawn of Slum borough, and filled many a yawning gap in conversation at afternoon teas. Mrs Johnson had bat one relative in the world, Mtsa Lizzie Boborts, tbe daughter of her lata eista'. Thla yonng girl, however, it wu agreed, had not the slightest chance of being mentioned in her aunt's wilL A handsome, well-brad girl, the wu left at bar parents' death to make net own way in the world, inheriting nothing bat the battle of life and the dislike of Mra Johnson, who had not seen the child since it quitted its baby-clothes This strange antipathy was traoeable, u some people said, to times long gone by, when Mr Roberts, Lizzie s fattier, tnen rsnownee tor ms manly benaty.hnd bun an assiduous visitor at tha house of Mrs Johnson's parents. She, being tha elder daughter, and taking all bis attsa- tiona to herself, bod fait it keenly u a personal insult when her sister dared M to snatch bim away " ; and even later on, after having made a much more brilliant match berealft she never could forgive this early defeat. Death even bed not buried the grudge, which not nn naturally passed from mother to child. How far thla saying may have bun true or not, one thiug wu certain ; poor Lizzie Roberts had not tbe ghost of a chanoe of ever owing e single penny of her aunt's moeeybex her claims were clearly quite out of the question. There remained, then, only Miss Kelly Browo, Mra Johnson's lady companion, and Mr James Fox Mr James Vox knew from hie iportaer, who bod cautioned bim in a friendly way, that Mrs Jchnon wu not going ta divide ner fortune, but would lure the whole of it ta her " truest friend," though she had evidently not yet made her mind up u ta who deserve! that title. More than once bed Mr Plumley bun suddenly sum moned to draw up a new will ; so slight en annoyance as aoofd cup of tea having oaased her to destroy the one in Miae Nelly s favor. Then two days neglect on the part of Mr Fox, end a constant supply of hot tee et the hands of Mies Nelly, again reinstated this lady ia Mrs Johnson's good graces. Mr Fox therefore had good cause for anxiety as ta what would be the exact state of affairs when the old lady w as finally called upon to join the majority. " with such an old woman," he said to himself M who is ready to make a new will any eay ana 10 ourn n us next, uxere is no dependence, one's future hongs upon a whim ; a remedy most be fouod. The eafwt thing would of course be ta moke love ta Mies Nelly ; she is rather 'thirtyiah,' and altogether not very attractive ; stilL If ahe were ta get all tbe money, the would be anything bat undesirable." Bo Mr James Fox eat to work et oooe ta make himself agreeable to Mies Brown, yet without going too far; for be had by no means Forgotten Miae Laquerton, bnt he felt it wai better to have two strings to his bow, end therefore be dtte mined to do hie beet to keep Miss Nelly in good humour. This lady, how ever, was not so easily satisfied as tbe solicitor, expected ; for now be had onoe began to pay her attentions, she wanted a decided offer of marriage, and not being able to get it, she took refuge In aetraagva. This cootieted in the suddenly making the discovery that Mrs Johnson's health wu in sueolute want of some German waters— in fact, she decided that it was quite dangerous for her to spend the spring in England, with all the changes of heai una oold. The old lady was therefore aoon persuaded to yield to such ten Jer ao iri'.ude, ami away the oouple w«m, leaving Mr .Unes Fox in a rather ak #rd UileDiET.4. VTiul was Le to do V If he »r uo! -rr- vo MtP Neliv, -he wc la off.-ni.-J and . c», »., » wculd be lost in ei/. of Lei intieriui.g Mm Johnsons ;rc"t".'t\ . >t. the ot.hu. La-.i hr r.litYftri t.hre uart t five ho Mil lu'r eelf. an-j yavH licr .!.< rr .."r.rt,- for a blSa 'h ')' precise CHOI', -f.ou: : :.< , >d tad v d h- nan e ot.'j m f.tr .!' and -nan', i h" hi-.: rn tu-. aurt.t.ni i, .V-r- I../. .or. '1 U w'onhy 1 x ha":-d for the UiOEn-T 1 nt after deep di .t-.r'.ion r.« hit ii:> mi a p'piit idtaw!,! h hi- \trni' a. -Indies lU-.-.'S-tct to lit:.. Chuck . i r. tr io he went to i cIk rcist h f-top. ;u;d pn--ui.-ed -fvcal dr-.n;-- ;»cd Ui.xd An i re. i.. led Ln-m Uil % magniiiccat bliu> ; I. k v ap udn'-ad, which had the arau-.i adra: tap" that in about ten days' after ueuig commitul to paper it would lade aw.ty, without leaving tbe slightest tracs. Kmbolctened by ths happy result of hia experiments he became at onee ths most tender and zealous corespondent soy woman could wish for. llie letters, in fact, overflowed with promises of everlaatiog devo tion. Miss Nsliy beamed with joy ; for she wss now convinced how true and unselfish was the attachment of her adssirev. Coder such circumstances it was not surprising that the Gannon waters speedily did Mrs Johnson so much good that oer carefol nurse considered that ttae cure could be shortened, and accordingly Lbs oouple returned to K i> gland much earlier then bod bseu expected. whether, however, the waters had really disagreed with the old lady, or BO<ueth:ng else had her, wo ntv«r qtrns clear, bat soon < after their raturn to Fnglaod her health an«l wrsngth sancu-ly to fail. >'<s ooio i>>a<r.kd but. rly th.kt Nolly ha1 nfi. -4 f.f r to uudsnak an. i.tMitcereriary aud iu«e.ti«n p,i.»ney, ai d liu. eve list uh-.-M i-ur ."Bvh, r T !,r « bd of ; % u:i»- U,.;. i! the of y>«r B?;c»f, »us '.-.rui ' i«- thtu rusting Wii. H'..l made Mr Jan. j m ; dBi-iriun "eciDto'l U. Ifi'v, aiilLuitii t.»r' rvm'nn ; ir.i' -srgy, foi «!i« di«.j ! uiao v days af'cr Mr Fox . wko had tre.-toii AppriHci of i be »>....!. id ..'airel.V hl!» Hf t : fall . 1 1 al|.|f>4t h.re .Rimrre v...h |,y -fi i , rt.; rein„n-. i " < .si:d 'Trip- f-.l look". f ;n: .» 'ul A - ' Wl« iff - i; ! t.'ito Wl,ri.l r, | it p1 '! Y -:.u. = M. M;-- N a tu- .51 fli - ... " -J to'. / 5-1.;. . A- , s Mr' 2 " |. ' ' . r fCA -riatel .. ti .- » ;r ' p . lis fls-t : ' 1 ! a , . .. V, ..1 ! s,. , j she had always been with her lata iLnr fiisnd. To her astonishment Mr F< \ att-n pte.l to comfott her by eeyingwith ccol civility. "1 bone you may soon meat egnie w itb mh a nappy oome ea you have had here till now." On heaving this Miss Nelly's lean suddenly dried ap. ani with eys« dtlaud with astonish ment and anger, she cried : " It t< you whom I expect to make this happy home !" Mr Fox, however, simply shrugged his shoulders, eayiog : u I do not deny that I may have orce had such ideas ; but of late, I have grown wiser. K very thing alters In this world ; why thou should not our opinions not do the same ? That is what we call progress," Vpon this he bowed, end left Miss Nelly cry ingard fa>nting in an armchair. He did not hear anything of her till a few days later, when e gentleman called upon him eyitg that ha bed been entrusted with Mle Nelly Brown's affairs, and suggesting that perhaps Mr Fox before matters went farther, would prefer making some private arrangement about bis breach of promise of marriage witb his client, "And whet proof of that promlae haa Mlsa Brown, except her saying so r" asked Mr Fox. MOh, ' one wend tbe yonng man, "1 have eeen a box full of letters from you." "Hsrotoa resVbim'" oostina.fi Hr For, tihftatkall "Not vet," replied the other ; "trot 1 have etn tbeV>x." . . " Well, yon had better go end nod them first before you'take any farther steps, and If you cob find a single line from me to Mise Brown, I am quite willing to let her have ample damages without their being awarded by a OJurt of There wee eomething so diabolical about Mr Fox, that tbe young defender of innocence found it best to retire t tar tbe present, leaving his opponent to rub hie hands triumphantly and build castles in the air about the ooan try- seat, end the horses end corral gee, he was going ta buy io order to dazzle Miss Laquerton, whom be felt justified in .earioutly thinking aboat Miss Nelly had meanwhile been informed of the conversation at Mr Fox'e offioa, and, with an indignant exclamation about u sach Incrodi- bla untruths," she went ta fetch bet letter-box There rare enough were the letters, all in tbe little packets, neatly tied up with blue end pink ribbone j hot strange to say, she could not see en address ; and, oh, heavens ! when she undid the packets they contained nothing but paper— all whito paper, without a single word on it. The wily Lawjer bad evidently dooeirad her by some demoniacal trick. The shock waa oo greet to tbe poor love-tick lady, that ebe bed eoarcely the courage ta ehow herself when the will wee to be reaa ; bnt she rallied at lest, hoping against hope that it might still be in fcer favor, when she could treat with scorn and contempt bet faithless lovar and his paltry damages. Mr Fox, although ho considered him self already master of the house and every thing in it, felt considerably excitad on tbe morning of the day appointed for the reading of the will, and when Mr Plumley, as chief executor, sat down and slowly got his spectacles out hia junior partner came over ao faint and bis heart flattered to each an extent, that be fancied all his hopes and beautiful castles in the air wera crumbling away as in a dream. Why did not hia old friend at onoe reed the document ; why did he continue ta stare first at the paper in his hand then at tboee around him, and then once more et tbe paper, without uttering a single word ; and then at last when ho did spook, why did ba stammer, "I— I do not know ; I see nothing— in fact it la the same paper, but " Could it be? Tee, sure enough there woe tbe paper on which the will tod been made oat, but there woe nothing upon it now, it wee merely a blank, a white sheet ! "Good heavens ! With what ink did yon write ont tbe will ?" bust ont at last Mr Pox. HWlth what ink ?" repeated the old gentleman indignantly, "with wtot ink. As rfoand the inkstand apetalrs dry, and the old lady woe in such s deadly hurry, I rushed down myself to get tome, and seeing your tog in the hall, I took from it tbo little Inketand which yon always carry about." Mr Fox tamed deadly pale, and without saying another word, vanished, like hie ink, before anybody tod found time to ask for an explantion. Wtur the rest of the company bad composed themselves again, Mr Piumely said ' I know that the testatrix hoe destroyed all former wills, so that there is none at all in existence, and, by law. therefore the property will go to the next of kin. I know also, tb.it Mra Johnson bod no relatives whatever, except Mies Lizzt Roberts. She is consequently sole heiress,"— "fiuth." 