Tales and Sketches. My First Sitter. I His emerged from the Blade School after several years of art study, which chiefly con sisted of drawing and painting the male human form in every conceivable position. Italian models had grown positively loathsome to me; I.was tired of their dark brown skins, black hair and eyes ; I knew their bocoa and muscles by heart. A fine skeleton stood in my small studio at home; I bad drawn it in pen and ink over and over again; even in my dreams I was pursued by visions of bones and muscles, and when I talked to friends I would mentally strip them of their fieah and see their skeletons —such was the result of tovjouri perdrix or toujturs anatomy! The monotony of my studies extinguished my ardour for an art which seemed made of men and muscles. So one day I made up my mind to go and worship at tbe shrine of the old matters in the Katiocal Gallery, to see if these high priests could inspire and rekindle in me the sacred fire that was dying out. I wandered through the temple of ait, .filled with awe and wonder at the magnificent worke that eurronnded me. Yea i I would try to copy one of these ch'/s dlauvte, whichever of them just then most ■track my fancy. I found it difficult to decide; at last I fixed on the portrait of Andrea del Sarto, punted by himself; the melancholy, handsome foee with the sad eyes fascinated me. Of all this splendid collection it was the por trait which attracted me most. I recalled Browning's lines: — I often am mnch wearier than yon think. This evening more than uanal, I. r-ttiKnp. from myself and to myself, '8 blame. . I took the measure of the canvas, and that day week (the national Gallery is only opsn to copyists twice a week, Thursdays and Fridays) ■at to work with a fine determination to render full justice to the eplendtd original. While drawing it in I thought over his sad domestic life; his worship of a wife so utterly unworthy of Mm in every way, one who through her love of money ended by bringing disgrace on his name. No wonder his eyes should be so Bad andhis beautiful mouth tremulous with re pressed feelings. I began to paint. Now came the tug of war : the eyes I produced were like two blazing little black beads; the nostrils, instead of expressing sensitiveness, seemed as though they inhaled a smell which not even the perfumes of Arabia conld sweeten. I was inwardly execrating the difficnltiei I had bronght on myself, when I became oomcious of a presence behind me. I was too engrossed in my work to take particular notice; but the presence drew nearer, and through the corners of my eyes I saw a clnmsy pair of mnddy boots evidently belonging to the masculine gender. The wearer of the boots coughed; it was not a big cough, but a aeries of little husky sounds that irritated me. I longed for him to choke and expire on the spot; if he were to remain'mnch longer, I felt I must cer tainly inflict some stains of paint on his person "Admirable, heantifull" exclaimed a voice with a Scotch intonation. . I turned round, my face flushing. Was this individual making fan of my efforts or was hs in earnest P If the latter, then he mutt in art matters be an ignoramus. I beheld a itout, elderly man, with a red, jovial countenance; a large vermilion nose with a couple of buds of noses springing from the nun stem, looking as if later on they might develop into other foil-blown noses; his small bins eyes twinkling pleasantly; his whiskers were gray, long, and bnshy, the old Piccadilly weeper. Be was attired in p tweed, heather colonred suit, and looked like a Scotch tourist ont on a holiday. "Excuse me for interrupting yon," he ex claimed, taking off his hat and displaying a held head with a fringe of gray hair that stood erect; " but I cannot refrain from expressing my admiration of yonr clever work. Already I like it better than the original; it is not so dark, and it is smoother; you are a gifted lassie. Now would you mind undertaking a portrait ? I am rather desirous to have my old phiz painted for my only relative, a sister who lives in America." I was taken so aback by the suddenness of this request that I could scarcely answer; I had nisver before received a commission. " I have never painted a portrait," I mut tered, leaning on my mabl-stick, palette and brashes in hand, " but I have been studying art for several years." it Well, will yon make a beginning with me ? " Baying this be planted himself well in front of me, so that 1 bad a thoroughly good view of bim. Tbere conld not be a more strik ing contrast to tbe beantiful, refined, melan cboly Andrea del Sarto than that presented by this elderly, highly-coloured old Scot—his heather trousers bagged at tbe knees; a thick gold chain reposed on bis well- developed gas tronomic region. "Wbat sized portrait would you like? Head and shoulders, or one with the hands in cluded ? " " Down as far as the kneee," he answered, stroking his trousers; " while I am about it, I may as well go in for a big picture. Now business is business; may I ask wbat your terms are for a portrait ? I wish I was younger and better looking, but that is no fault of mioe;" he said this with a genial smile which improved bis plain countenance. "My terms for a portrait! Allow me to consider." "Yes, take your time. I hive been looking round the gallery, and I really don't much like the old masters, they are so dark. Now i'ust look at this old woman by Bembrandt. am sure you paint better than that. Your work is nice and smooth and shiny, this is thick and dull." " I paint better than Bembrandt!" " Yes: I ooniider him a duffer." "But be is one of the. very greatest of painters. I admire him immensely, and only wish I could even produce anything that might remind any one of his work. He is the greatest master of chiatoscuro P* "Whatdoes that mean? But no matter, I don't admire him, and, if you wish to please me, don't paint my portrait with lumps of paint. Now," turning round and looking at me steadily, " you have no lumps in your face, you are quite smooth." " And not shiny, I hope!" I said this smiling merrily, for I saw it was no use arguing art questions with this jovial Philistine. "My picutre muet be smooth, shiny, with a clean white shirt, and all my ornaments neatly painted; my coral studs, and," taking off a bright yellow kid glove, "this ring • it is a car* buncle with associations, I want it painted—in fact, represent me just as I am/so that all my friends may know me." I felt this picture would give me trouble and* never could enhance my artistic reputation. But I was an orphan with small means and this Scotchman looked prosperous. " If you wish the hands included, it will he sixty guineas." I said this with aplomb while feeling like a tradesman. " Verv well. I am willing to give this sum for a good likeness. When Bhall I come to sit ? The sooner the better; I am a bird of passage, and I am in London only for a short time." He fumbled in his pocket and handed me his card. Un. Donald Cameron, The Bars, Dumfries. "Iam a farmer, with a'good deal of land north of the Tweed. Now, may I ask your name and address ?" As I hod no card with me, I wrote in his pocket-book: Miss Wabd, 21 Thistle Grove, . South Kensington, S/W. " Can you come to-morrow at 11 ?" "All right, in my Sunday best." Saying this, we shook hands, and he waddled briskly out of the room. I looked sadly at Audrea del Sarto's portrait, and it seemed to sympathise with me. I put up my e?sel and canvas. My eyes and brain were so filled with the image of Mr. Oameron that his red nose haunted me. I lived with my brother, my only relative, for I had lost my parents at an early age. Jack was a clerk in the foreign Office. He considered himself a great swell, and did not at all approve of my going in for art I knew he would protest against my undertaking the portrait of a person I knew nothing at all about. So that evening after dinner, while Jack was smoking a cigar, I took my courage in both my hands, and related my adventure in the National Gallery. Jack wore an eye*glass, and this bit cf glass was capable of intense expression. When he was annoyed it seemed to grow rounder; when he was supercilious the glass became im pertinent. When I had finished, my heart sank into my boots, foi Jack's eye-glass seemed enormous, making him look like a Cyclops, his one huge eye glaring at mo. He shook his long narrow head. When annoyed his voice was even more drawling and nasal than usual; this time it was fearfully drawling. He puffed out a long whiff of blue smoke from his Havana. " Well, I declare, Ursula, I had begun to flatter myself that I knew the |length and breadth of your eccentricities; but this last performance beats everything. I have always suspected that there is insanity in our family • now I am certain of it. That you, who belong to a respectable family—our father was a past captain in the Boyal Navy—should consent to paint the portrait of a Scotch farmer whom you casually meet prowling about the National Gallery, without any sort cf introduction! It looks like lunaoj." "I want money, Jack; that is the long and short of it. I don't deny that I have enough to eat and drink, but I have other require ments; and to tell you the truth, I have am bition, and don't share the opinion that woman ' is created merely to be the slave of the lords of creation, to sew buttons on their illustrious shirts and mend their many Bocks." Jack's eye-glasB became impudent. " Grapes are sour io your case. But I for got your poor curate, your patient admirer. Perhaps you consider him a sheep and not a man. How will he like your jining the noble army of Bpinsters who cry out against my sex?" " You may sneer at me, but not at Harold," I exclaimed, with flashing eyes and flushed eheeks. " Don't excite yourself; I am not sneering at your curate; and though he bleats and has a perpetual cold in his head, he is a most worthy soul; but I don't think he would ap preciate this last action of yours—painting the portrait of an elderly fogey whom you don't know; he may be a ticket-of-leave man. Please see that the silver spoons are locked up, aidthat there are no good umbrellas in thehall" He unfolded his batiste handkerchief, which emitted a perfume of " jockey club," and, to my relief, went upstairs to his room with a norel. Next morning at 11 o'clock punctually there was a loud rat a-tat at the door. I peepsd from behind the curtain in my room and be held Mr. Cameron in a very black, new suit of clothes standing on the steps. While waiting for the door to be opened, he had taken out a pocket comb to trim his long whiskers. The housemaid came and handed me his card ; her face was puckered up, trying to restrain a smile. I had told her I was going to have my first sitter. "Well, Miss, excuse me. but he is no beauty. How can he want to have his picture done with such a red nose? It do astonish me 1" I tried not to laugh, and putting on a high art peacock-blue apron, embroidered with yellow lilies, went down to meet my sitter. He had been ushered into my sanctum sanc torum, consecrated to my art studies, It was a i nice room, with a north light* ■ There were several good plaster cssls from the antique j autotypes from some of the boat masters hung on the wall. There were a couple of easels, en oak chair ready for my sitter, and in a corner stood my skeleton. In welcoming Mr. Cameron my skirt caught the foot of the skeleton, which rattled omin ously. " What a horrible thing, Miss Ward ? How can you keep such a terrible bag of bones in your room? It makes my flesh creep, I assure you." "Hare we not all a skeleton in the cup board ?" I answered, smiling gaily. 111 keep mine here. It is useful when I draw." "Would you mind, Miss Ward, taking it away ? You may think me foolish, but this ; skeleton makes me miserable." " Oh, of course, I will,*' and taking it up in | my arms I carried it into the next room. | "Thank you, but rather than that you j should think me troublesome, I aball give you a j good reason. A. few years ago I lost my wife j and tben two bairniet.*' His voice shook as he said this, "Anything that reminds me much I of death is painful, and as you are going to paint my picture, I had batter nob have a miser able expression." I placed Mr. Cameron in half-shadow. It was some time before I decided on the attitude. At laBt I settled upon a three-quarters, with his hands resting on his knees. When I had drawn him in oharcoal he came to look at it, and gave a grunt not expressive of admiration. 1 It is very black, and looks stiff, but you know best. Excuse my blnntneis." It is a mistake to allow a sitter to peep before the picture is nearly finished. You cannot tell the transformation it will go thtough. He was astonished at my palette, and the rapid way I laid my tints. He had never oome in contact with painters or anyone who under* 'stood art. I think the peep he had taken dis concerted him, and he did not ask to look again. When I attacked the nose I was puzzled. Ought I to copy it faithfully, buds and all? I was inclined to idealise, so toned down tke vermilion tints. After I had four sittings the portrait bad made considerable progress, and on that fourth day I invited him to lunch. He was very confidential, told me about his home in the north, of his loneliness since the loss of his wife and bairnies. He had married late in life, and was quite alone now. " Ah, lassie!" he exclaimed, "I am a very solitary man now, with no one to care really for me; but I feel that the spirits of my lost ones hover constantly around me. Still I have my farm labourers and their families, and take an interest in their welfare. I have built a club for the men and a school for their children on my estate" While he talked I watched his face, and noticed the extreme benevolence of the expres sion. That day, teeing the piano opened, he asked me as a great favour to play for him. " I shall sing 1 Highland Mary * for you." He sat behind me, bat as there was a looking glass in front of me I. could see his face, and was surprised -at the strong emotion it be trayed ; his face grew almost white, while tears stood in his blue eyes. The golden hours on angels' wings Flew o'er me and my dearie; For dear to ae as life and light Was my sweet Highland Mary. " Ah, lassie I " he exclaimed, "what a treat to hear you sing! You hare the voice of an angel." I sang " Yo banks and braes of Bonnie Doon." The handkerchief was in constant requisi tion ; I hi ard him sob out loud. " You have moved me, lassie, to the core; I cannot stand any more; it brings back too strongly the days of anld lang syne; so you must pity tbo sorrows of a poor old man " He left me looking greatly agitated and with red eyes, promising to return in a couple of days, at the same hour, for a three-hour sitiiog. The chills and trouble I had over this por trait cannot be described. Some days it was fearfully like, then I would put touches here and there and the likeness would vanish. I did not wish to render merely toe features of tho man, but had sought to bring out bit inner character. "I never saw so painstaking a lassie," he re marked one day; " you are so absorbed, so much in earnest, you surely must succeed." II hope and want to do so, Mr. Cameron, but you are a difficult subject; it is ths expres sion which I find difficult to render. Just now the portrait is passing through a variety of essay fcjgtrul appallicg." That afternoon as Mr. Cameron was depart ing my brother came in. I saw him casting a supercilious look through the eye-glass at my sitter. "Well," Jack remarked with his cynical smile, " 1 cannot congratulate you on the beauty of your sitter; he looks like a cattle drover. And what a nose, by Jove 1 I expect he is fond of the whisky bottle." He went into my studio and gave vent to a loud gaffaw. " Well, Ursula, you have succeeded: this is hideously, brutally like the old cove. It would do for a sign post for a country inn, a drunken Bilenus, or mine host with a tankard of beer and a long clay pipe; but it is vulgar." "Bo you think so?" I exclaimed, veiy de spondent ; "is it a failure, Jack ?" "No, it is too like." a'd he laughed again j "hut there is such a thing as being too true; you have softened nothing. Now that nose is an exact rendering of the original, pimples and colour." That night I was in despair. I took the protrait to my bedroom, placed it on the easel facing my bed, hoping that on awaking next morning after a refreshing sleep I should see what was wrong and where I could flatter and tone down defects. I had nightmare that night; the portrait seemed that of an ogre with at least half- a-dozen swollen, vermilion noses. . X had a dim sonsatlon of getting out of my bed, lighting a candle, fetohing my palette and brueheB, and in my nocturnal garmenta and. asleep, paintingon tho pioture. Next morning the housemaid oame into the room with tho hot water. "Oh Miee!" ehe exclaimed, "what hat happened to the pioture ? It ie all aorta of colours, chiefly blue, and yellow, and looke like a corpae. Clh, it is dreadful!" I aat up. What did I aee? The portrait indeed looked like a decomposed corpse. "I must have worked at it in my sleep, Susan; you see my palette is full of colour, and my brushes have paint on them. It is too, too vexatious—what shall X do? Get me the turpentine which is in my studio." When I got the turpentine I managed to efface the nooturnal somnambulistio work; but the fates were against me, and I wept bitterly. Was this picture going to be a failure ? When Mr. Cameron came for Mb sitting he noticed my dej sotod appearance, and asked me .if anything had happened to annoy me. " I have a headaohe." (What would we poor women do without our headaches ? for they; cover suoh a multitude of sins and omissions ) " You worry yourself too much over this ' portrait; I feel ashamed of tho trouble I am giving you. X had no notion that portrait paint* ing was so difficult." "Yes, I am in a 'Slough of Despond.'" X scraped and scumbled. After an hour's work the old ghost reappeared, and, strange to say, looked better than it ever did before—there was a pleasant surface to work on. Mr. Cameron was more silent than usual, but his eyes rested on me with great earnestness, - and his manner was very sympathetic "You are a very hardworking lassie," he ex* olaimed," and so gifted. I shall be sorry when the sittings are over, for I hare onjoyed your society too much almost." " You have been very patient, Mr. Cameron, and now I am going to give you a few days' holiday in order to allow your portrait to dry thoroughly." On leaving that- day Mr. Cameron held my hand longer than usual, and sighed. Poor old man, I felt really sorry for Mm. He was lonely. The next day being Thursday, I went to the National Gallery, and set to work on my copy of Andrea del darto. His face seemed more beantifol than ever. That day's work refreshed and oomforted me. That evening X received a letter from Harold, telling me he had something important to say to me. Something important! Most probably he was going to have a living, and if so our marriage would soon take place. The next morning a magnificent bouquet of roses was left at the door for Mies Ward. How nice of dear Harold to be so thought ful ! I mentally exclaimed, while sniffing the glorious roses and enjoying the bright feast of oolour. The bouquet was wrapped in silver lace, and round the stem I saw for the first time. a card, wMch had escaped my notioe. " From Mr. Donald Cameron, with his very: kindest regards." Oh, so it was not from Harold! But how kind of Mr. Cameron! Now .1; must really flatter Mm. Taking up the portrait, I did my very best to put in a benevolent expression. I mellowed down the nose and toned down the warm colouring of theface, and managed, in a measure, to give the txpression of benevolence. The black coat looked too new to'be artistio, theshirt-front bulged outlike afatpigeon's breast, and the coral studs were too prominent; the hands were not well pointed, but the carbuncle ring was a triumph of skill. 1 When Mr. Cameron appeared again, I fancied he looked thinner and paler. X thanked Mm for the bouquet. " Ah, lassie, no more thanks; it has been a ' real hapoineas; I wish you would acoept flowers from me every morning. X long to do something that might give you pleasure. I really don't know what 1 am to do when tMs portrait is over " " You astonish me, Mr. Cameron, in regret ting the sittings are over; most people consider sitting lor a portrait such a bore." "Ah, no; not to a charming, youpg, gifted creature like you. You must remember X am a lonely old man, and seldom find my way into - the society of young ladies." " Would you like another peep at your por trait ?" X said rather brusquely, for I wished to put an end to the personal turn the con versation was taking. " You have flattered mo," ha remarked, after looking at my performance for a few seconds in silence; " but never mind that. I like to think that you have seen me in such a kindly light." ' "Shall I sing for you, Mr. Cameron? . You have sat long enough for me to-day." I went to the piano, and while 1 was looking for some music in the rack Mr. Cameron sat down on the music Btool. " Are you going to play for me ?" I asked, smiling at him. " I should like to hear you so much." He did not answer, but turned round and round on the stool, mopping the perspiration , from Ms face with a scarlet handkercMef. There was a queer expression in his face; evidently he was suffering from a severe attack of nervousness. He whirled round and round like a tee totum ; the stool creaked and groaned under his heavy weight; Ms eyes were wild end rolled about fearfully. I heard his voice, but it was so husky I could barely distinguish thi following words: "Isms lonely, elderly man, bnt that is no reason why t should not have a heart, and I must tell you, that" (now the stool gave a tremendous equeak) '1 love you—yes, I do. Will you give me some hope ?" A loud knock at the front door. " Oh, Mr. Cameron, please don't say any thing more on this subject; it is really too painful;" but before I oould say another word Mr. Cameron was sprawling on the floor; - the stool bad given way. Harold walked in- and we were looked in eaoh other's arms, but I die . engaged myself quickly. .. . : , r ;. " Oh, Mr. Cameron, I am to sorry! Are yon hurt ? He ha» been fitting for his por trait, Harold," I gasped out. Harold, who was a vary ahy young man, coloured up;' he had not noticed the proitrate form almost lying at my feet "Oh, allow me to help you; the stool has given way, I ere,''eiolaimed Harold. I could not look at Mr. Cameron, for I felt how wretchedly ill at eaie he must he. " I am a little faint," he muttered, getting up, but the fresh air will set mo up. I am going—where is my hat?" I saw the hat; he had put it on the coal scuttle. Evidently he did net know what he was doing. ■' Oh, Mr. Cameron, don't go yet," I said ; " yon have had a shake. This musio-stool is not in good order. I am so sorry; do stay a little longer." "Ho,' X must go now, Miss Ward, I have stayed too long; bnt allow me to congratulate you on your good luck," addressing Harold. ; While hit back was turned I rescued his hat from the ooal-souttle. ■ "How, Mr. Cameron, here is your hat, but I won't give it to you till you tell me when you will kindly come for one more Bitting, for I ' have'not done justioe to your expression He hss been such a patient Bitter," I remarked, speaking to Harold.- " Are we not friends, Mr. Cameron?" . " God bless' you both. I wish you every happiness'," and before I knew what he was about he had pulled his hat from my hand, and was on the doorstep. I never told Harold, or, indeed, anyone, that ; Mr. Cameron had proposed to me; I felt : grieved'and uneasy. Had I been gnilty of 'flirting or misleading in any way that kindly I man who was 10 lonely ? I eincerely hoped he ] would get some suitable, nice woman to be hia 'wife, for I was almost yonng enough to be hit granddaughter. A few days after this last episode X received ^ the following rote from Mr. Cameron:— Dear Mina Ward,—I find that I mast leave London Immediately. There is no necessity for me to give yon another sitting, as I am perfectly satisfied with ..the portrait yon have painted of mo. I have ordered a "Venetian frame and plato; gloss for it.; the tramer will call in a conple of days. .. Please accept the enclosed cheque for £100. I don't think £60 could powibly repay you for the trouble and anxiety you h&?e had; and as you are going to be married a little money is always useful. If yon should have time to spare, I should much like you to accept another cemmission from me. 11.% a duplicate ofr tbe picture you were copying at the National Gallery when I first met you; I should like to have it for my drawing-room in Scotland. With my host wishes for your welfare.—Yours, sincerely, Donald Cameron. i I sent the copy of Andrea del Sarto to Mr. | Cameron. Three months later 1 was married rj to Harold, and we went to live in a pretty >Ji Tillage in Devonshire The money I earned i i; from Mr, Cameron was certainly a help ; but |It is lever with a mixture o: pleasure and pain ) 1 think of my first sitter i I?over since have I J been asked to paint a portrait professionally.— I " Belgr&vii.;" 