The question of a Mahklet Place for the sale of garden and farm produce !in Liunceston must boou engage the serious attention of the Municipal Council. When the matter was prominently brought forward some twelve months ago, the dis cussion led to a decision of the Council that it would be most desirable to establish a market in a convenient place, si that the inhabitants would enjoy advantages similar to those which other large towns possess ; and accordingly it was decided that the portions of Elizabeth and St. John streets, which form two sides of Prince's Square, should be used to a certain width for the sale of market produce. This attempt to establish a place for the sale of goods in the open air proved abortive, as might have been expected ; for it is not at all likely that people will come in from the country, and risk the inclemency of the weather, by taking up their position and exposing their products in an uncovered thoroughfare, where they would have to put up with alternate doses of sun, dust, wind, and rain. A pretty spectacle would such a market present to the customers and our continental visitors ; but, of course, no sellers were fools enough to try it. About the same time that the subject of a market for Launceston was discussed by the Town Council and in these columns, a similar movement was made in Hobart ; but here the comparison ceases to run in parallel lines, for they have got their market in Hobart' while here we are precisely where we were at the beginning, without any immediate prospect of an improve ment on the old state of affairs. Tbe Hobart Corporation went systematically to work in order to carry out the desire of the inhabitants. They had the good fortune to possess a suitable site for the under taking, and having fitted it up with stalls and all necessary conveniences, the apart ments were let at nominal rentals, and the market was opened to the public last week with the most satisfactory results, both to the buyer and the seller. As was confi dently anticipated, the market has been well patronised, and a large amount of business done. Only those who know the advantages of a central place for the sale of such articles as are gener. ally to be found at markets, can estimate the value and convenience of purchasers being able to get their supplies at one spot, without having to perambulate the town in search of what they want ; and then there is, of course, the additional advantage of procuring their supplies freah, and direct from the producer. In like manner would the seller be benefited by having a central mart, where he could Eell his vegetables, eggs, poultry, fish, or other commodities, either wholesale or retail, as he deemed best for himself. We have reverted to this subject just now, in consequence of an attempt which is being made to induce the Municipal authorities to put a stop to the practice of Chinamen and other market gardeners hawking their produce from house to house — a system which is doubtless very convenient to the in' i habitants — but we believe that it is in j fact illegal to do so without first taking tbe produce down to that venerable j establishment called in bitter irony the Launceston Market, and there paying a j certain tax for permission to sell. If the i itinerant vendors of garden produce are prohibited from selling, the town will be worse off now than it was before, and the i necessity for an established market system will be all the more urgent^ Under any circumstances it is to be hoped that the Council will go to work vigorously, and take steps to supply the inhabitants with this great economic desideratum. It should be borne in mind that many of the little green grocers shops in the centre of the town have been demolished to make way for large buildings, and that consequently the supply is confincd to the larger shops- and not nearly so convenient now as formerly. The inhabitants of Laun ceston want a market, and the aldermen will be doing the right thing if they determine to give them a market on the same lines as the one recently established at Hobart. The residents who live in the vicinity of that rising suburb to the east of the Wind mill Hill have certainly got a strong case for the consideration of the Town Council in asking that David-street be made pass able for vehicles. David-street runs in au almost continuous straight line with Hobler's Bridge aud the Church of Scot land Burying Ground, so that by opening this street there would be a direct means of communication between the eastern, southern, aud western suburbs of the town, besides drawing closer together such thickly-populated places as St. Leonards, Distillery Creek, Galvin Town, and the Cataract HilL The only available road at* present between the two former and the two latter places is round by the Elphin-road and Brisbane-street, a circuit which represents from two-thirds to one half of a circle — all because David-street is impracticable at present from the want of a comparatively small outlay ; for so far as the gradient is concerned, it is about the best that could be found and not at all too steep, if only the knoll at the cemetery were cut away. The opening of this street is now under the consideration of the Street Committee, at the instance of some ratepayers who petitioned the Council on the subject, and it is not at all unlikely that the answer will be n.s.f. ; but we would urge upon the Council that this is not like the ordinary local appeals for help in the matter of repairing streets. David-street is the main artery that con nects, or rather ought to connect, the two important districts of the town which are now separated by the Windmill Hill. By opening David-street the eastern suburbs could use the new road recently constructed by means of a Parliamentary grant from High-street to the Sandhill roau. Yviuiuui max nnK me latter worK is practically worthless lo the town. With that link made available, the new road would be of considerable value in many ways, even if the work necessary to connect High-street with Mulgrave- street by way of Howick stroet were allowed to stand over for the present. The opening of David-street into the new Sandhill-road would allow cattle and sheep from the Eastern districts to be driven to the Slaughter Yards without the necessity of laking them through the heirt of the city ; and the value of th» street for shortening the distance for funeral pro cessions to the Scotch, Catholic, and Public Cemeteries can hardly be too highly estimated. All these things con sidered, it is most important to open this line of communication at once. There is really no obstacle in the way but the removal of earthwork which in any of the country districts would be considered but a small undertaking. Howick-street could be formed at a very fair gradient : from its angle with Mulgrave-strect to ! Hieh-street, where it joins the latter a j little to the north of the Scottish Ceme- I tery, the only difficulty being to remove a certain amount of earthwork, bo as to form one grade. If that cannot be done this yeai, David- street should be opened, at all events ; and the work thus begun would be so greatly appreciated that the Howick-street extension would soon follow. Our political crisis seems to be becom 'ng chronic. Here in Tasmania we were scarcely aware that the reconstruction of the Ministry, which drags its slow length along so aggravatingly to the Press inter viewers of the Ministry at the capital, was worthy of the designation 'Political Crisis.' But that is how the Argtts puts it, and as the term is fashionable in Victoria, New South Wales, and in fre quent use in South Australia, we should not object to it when applied to Tas mania. The reliable correspondent at Hobart cf the Melbourne Argus tele graphed on Tuesday night that our political crisis was in a fair way of settlement ; that Dr. Agnew, M.L.C., had consented to act as Premier, without a portfolio, in order to remove any diffi culty about precedence ; that the other Ministers remained in statu quo ; and that the Chief Secretary's portfolio had gone a-begsing — been offered to Mr Braddon, M.H.A., and refused. We make use of these interesting particulars which pass current in Victoria, as ! Ministers remain obdurate, and decline to make a clean breast of the diplomatic negotiations connected with the recon struction question . Ministers met in Cabinet at 3 o'clock yesterday, but it seems the trouble alleged to be connected with the re-construction matter never troubled them at all. They just let it severely alone, without any consideration what ever for the feelings of our anxious con temporaries in the South. This is too ! bad. And it is probably all owing j to the Premier, who alleges he is vir- , tually out of the Cabinet, but no doubt his influence is still 'all there,' his j finger still in the pie, though not a plum cau be extracted from it. All things , come to those who can wait. We can. - _________ I In Chambers. — There was very little business transacted in Chambers yester day, before His Honor Mr Commissioner Whitefoord. The only case set down was relative to a debtor summons, and the adjudication of a bankrupt, the parties being Thomas Fildes Raynor and Susannah Yates, ats. Vincent Warrington, and which was first heard in Chambers on ! Saturday last. Mr Powell, who appeared for Raynor, said he did not then intend to raisB any further objections to the debtor's summons, but would reserve them till the proceedings in bankruptcy were taken. He merely made a formal application at the present time for costs. Mr G. T. Collins, who appeared for Raynor, first objected to costs, but said as he was also summoned to appear by the plaintiff's counsel, who did not pro ceed with the case, he applied also for the usual counsel's fee. His Honor granted the usual fees to both counsel. Collection of Coins. — There is now on view at the shop of Mr P. Evans, jeweller, Brisbane-street, a magnificent collection of rare coins, the property of Mrs W. J. Holloway. In enumerating a few of them, from a cursory observation, we would especially notice a sovereign coined 1820, reign of George HL, the time when the coinage of guineas was discontinued. This coin is wonderfully preserved, and cannot have been much in circulation. There are copper coins of the Caesars, Napoleon HI., Republic of France, the Channel Islands, and a George IIL halfpenny, coined 1807, which has been well cared for. Besides these there are some grand silver coins from France, Spain, India, Scandinavia, Sardinia, the Straits Settlements, etc. In fact, taken as a whole, it is the finest collection brought under our notice for some time past. Temfebance Advocates. — Amongst the passengers by the steamer Pateena from Melbourne yesterday were Mrs Mary Leavitt (of the Women's Christian Temperance Union of America, who com mences a series of lectures on Sunday next at the Mechanics' Institute) and Sir R. T. Booth (the renowned temperance advocate, who is on a tour through New Zealand; and wlio left for Hobart by express in the afternoon). Academy of Music. — From the im mense success which attended the initial performance of Paul Merritts' well-written society drama, ' ' The Broken Idol,' at the Academy of Music on Thursday evening, it was not surprising to see the large at tendance witness its repetition. It was really well mounted, some of the scenes, especially the garden and drawing-room scenes, being gems in this particular art. Miss Jenyns again essayed the part of Annie Wellgood, the ' pair o' wings' of Hiram Goldring, and she must be credited with adding another leaf to her already brilliant artistic crown. Mr W. J. Hol loway, as Hiram Goldring, was again very interesting as the Yorkshire merchant, and praise must also be given to Mr C. Holloway for his clever representation of the small part of Mr Magnum, ' a lawyer of the Crusby order.' Miss Alice Deorwyn as the Widow Madge was more amusing than ever, and Sir H. I Jewett as Richard Roxby'won the good favor of the large audience by his sterling acting of a role which suited him splen didly. We regret to learn that Mr A. R. Crowhurst, the musical director, has been compelled to be absent from his old posi tion owing to ill-health, and for the last two evenings Mr J. Bryan has been acting as locum tenens. 'The Broken Idol' will be produced once more this evening. Mining Chaets.— We have received a photo lithograph of a chart of the Weld borough mining district ; scale, 4in to the mile, showing all the sections at present leased, with creeks, dams, and water races. The chart is obtainable at the Hobart and Launceston mining offices, and also at the offices of the mining registrars of the various districts. A series of similar plans are in course of preparation, the next to be issued being that of the South Mount Cameron district, which will be ready next week. New Zealand Accident Insurance Company. — From Mr W. L Thrower, the local agent of the N.Z. Accident In surance Company, we have received the report and balance-sheet presented 'and adopted at the sixth annual meeting of the company, held on January 28 last. The income, says the report, including the balance brought forward from last year, is £8841 18s, the general expendi ture £7627 143, leaving u balance to the credit of profit and loss at the close of the year of £1214 4s, out of which the direc tors recommend the payment of the usual dividend of Cd per share, of. which 3d has already been paid for the half-year ending 30th June, 1886. The Chairman (Mr D. B. Cruickshank), in moving the adoption of the report, made the following re marks : — ' The balance due our bankers calls for explanation, and it is this: About two months ago we had either to deposit with the Government of Tasmania, in terms of their recent Life Assurance Act (just as we had to do with our own Go vernment), a sum of £5000, or withdraw altogether from that colony. Certainly our operations in Australia as a whole have not lately proved remunerative, but we determined to give the thing a further trial, and the payment was made. The largeness of the amount may deter others from opening in Tasmania, aud our chances of doing a fair business may thereby be enhanced.' Mautiks to rheumatism and gout need mil despair. Daily's Liver and Blood Mixture is a reliable cure. Our Supplement. — The supplement to the Daily Telegraph to-day contains chapters 111. and IV., and part of chapter V., of the prize tale, by ' T.R.I X.,' and a considerable number of advertisements. Abchdeacox Farraii on Temperance. — At the welcomed home of Archdeacon Farrar, from America, on the January, by the Church of England Temperance Society, the meeting was presided over by Canon Ellison. Arch deacon Farrar said that America was far ahead of England in regard to temperance. Wine was absent from many dinner tables, and sparingly produced at most others. In the whole of his long journey in America he had seen less drunkenness than during a single walk in London. In the five States of the Union where the liquor traffic was totally prohibited, crime and pauperism were almost nil. Arch deacon Farrar urged that the time had come for legislation to support the temper ance cause, and to supersede moral suasion. New Works Direct from the Pub lishers. — Mr R. Gee, importer of books and stationery from the leading houses in the United Kingdom, has just opened extensive supplies of new works and new styles of stationery from the manufac turers. He invites inspection of his en larged stock, which he offers at moderate prices. A Wonderful Invention. — According to general report, Italy has at last lost one of her chief monopolies. Hitherto her population has been noted for their wonderfully soft and clear voices, and she has furnished the majority of the chief opera singers of the world. Other places may, and have, produced exceptionally good singers, but none have given birth to so large an average of singers as Italy. She bids fair, however, now to lose her pride of place in that respect through an invention of Dr. Carter Moffatt, known as the ammoniaphone. Dr. Moftatt attributed the fact of Italians being good singers as a rule to some quality of the air, and made c ireful analysis of it, with the result of discover ing that it contained a large percentage of ammonia and peroxide of iron. After experimenting further as to their effect on the throat and vocal organs, he has made use of them by means of his ammoniaph.me, which is nothing more than an instrument by which these two chemicals are inhaled, and it is main tained that a brief use of it not only strengthens the voice, but increases its range, besides alleviating cases of asthma, colds, etc. A large supply has lately arrived in Launceston, and Mr F. G. Duff, of Charles- street, is appointed agent. We have tried one cf them and find it very effectual in relieving huskiness and sore throat, and its beneficial effect in the voice by constant usage is not sur prising. 'The Industrial Self- Instructor.1' — We have received, per favor of Messrs. Hopwood and James, from the publishers, Messrs. Ward, Lock, and Co., of London and New York, Volume I. of ' The Industrial Self-In3tructor and Technical Journal.' In the absence of a school of art, or, indeed, in connection with a technical school of design, ' The Indus trial Self-Instructor' would supply the place of a private tutor, as the work gives instruction in the leading branches of technical science and industrial art3 aud proceesses, comprising building and mechanical design and construction, the materials used in the arts and sciences, manufactures, chemical industry, art manufactures, rural work, technical drawing and design, with technical notes, for reference, by practical writers and technical experts. The work is elaborately illustrated with working drawings, de signs, and diagrams. With ' The Indus trial Self-Instructor' at hand, any intel ligent, persevering artisan or pupil could supply himself with stores of in formation, thus offered in a pleasing form — information the product of long years of practical experience by numer ous technical experts, some of whom had to work out the problems, now freely offered, by slow but persevering toil, and without having the advantage of any sucli a key to knowledge as this. The first paper in this first volume is upon technical education, in relation to the present condition of our industrial work. The scope of the work is far too wide to admit of justice being done to it in a brief notice in our local columns, but every artisan may add largely to his practical knowledge by referring to its pages. The typography, the binding, and the illus trations of this volume bear out the true technological principle that if it is desi rable to do work of any kind, it is still more desirable that it should be done well. Illumination of the Cataract Gorge. — We are pleased to hear that at last a committee of townspeople lias been formed to solicit subscriptions from the residents of Launceston relative to a repetition of the illumination of the Cataract Gorge, which was so successfully carried out in the early part of January. The com mittee hope that those people who were so loud in their commendations of the last affair will assist the canvassers, and by augmenting the funds, make the re petition a greater success than ever. Northern Tasmanian Typographical Society. — The annual meeting of the above society will be held at the Star Hotel, Charles-street, on Saturday even ing, the 27th inst., at half-past 7 o'clock. The business of the meeting will be to receive the report and balance-sheet, and transact other necessary business. LAtrarcESTON Homing SociETr. — A meeting of the above society was held last evening at the Enfield Hotel, when the acceptances for the Snake Banks race were received. All the 17 birds that were nominated last Friday have ac cepted. The first prize will be a trophy presented by a member of the society, and £1 ; second, 15s ; third, 7s Cd. During the week several birds have been shot, but we are glad to learn that an example is to be made of one or two of these cowardly offenders. Cbicket.— -The following team will represent the Nil Desperandum in the match against the Templars this after noon, on the St. George's Square : — A. j Tyson, J. Lynes, A. Richardson, A Anderson, A. Douglas, W. Glozier, A. Hopkins, J. Riva, M. Tyson, T. West brook, H. Feutrill ; emergencies — W. Bryant, J. Lamb, E. Hughes, W. Lap thorne. — The following team will repre sent the Tamar in their match against a team from Campbell's Pottery, on St. George's Square, this afternoon : — Broomby, Brumby, Feutrill, Jopson, Lines, Lakin (2), Robertson, Richards (2), Wilkins ; emergencies— Johnson, C. Lines, and Jackson. Pigeon Shooting Match. — On Wed nesday next, February 24, not Tuesday, as was incorrectly stated in the adver tisement of yesterday, a pipeou shoot ing match will bo held at Perth. A pro ? gramme suitable to all who take an interest in shooting has been prepared, but the great attraction will bo a private match for £50 aside, between four well known marksmen. The contestants are Messrs Tas. Ritchie and J. Leitch, against Messrs. J. Bransden and H. Hyde. I The conditions are, that 10 birds are [ allowed each man, and only one barrel to be used. The shooting will commence immediately after the arrival of the morning train from Launceston. Counterfeit Coin.— As there are several spurious coins in circulation at the present time in town, the public are warned to be careful in examining their ' change.' 0n Thursday evening a counterfeit shilling was successfully passed upon Mr J. S. Willis, of the Academy of Music, and a spurious florin, was, we believe, tendered at one of the local banks. The shilling, which is in the possession of the police, is a fair imitation of the genuine coiu, but very much less in weight. Temperance Lecture.— By the I Pateena yesterday arrived a lady, whose I eloquence in the cause of temperance | ha3 long been a successful element in the progress made by its principles in the American Statps. For many years a resident of Boston, Massachusetts, Mrs Mary Leavitt has for many years forwarded the work of the National Woman's Christian Temperance Mis sions. But till the close of the year 1884 her work was more of a local char acter. Towards that period, the work of the union necessitating additional funds, Mrs Leavitt undertook addresses from the platform, which proved successful, and from work in the interests of tbe local union only she undertook to advance the more general interests of the union by entering into a more extended sphere on behalf of the State Union, and in Novem ber, 1884, Mrs Leavitt left for the Sandwich Islands, where for sis weeks she advocated the cause of temperance. Since then she has lectured in New Zealand for the first half of 1885, and in New South Wales and Queensland till this date. To-morrow Mrs Leavitt will deliver addresses at the Mechanics' Insti tute. At 11 a.m., on ' The Body, the Temple of the Holy Ghost;' at 3 p.m., an address to young ladies ; aud at 8'30 p.m., on ' God in Government.' On Monday Mrs Leavitt will give an account at the Wesleyan School-room, Patterson-street, of the work of the W.C.T. Union in America, wh=n Canon Brownrigg will preside. These should be especially interesting, in the view of the interesting information Mrs Leavitt can afford as to the large American cities, as to which information in these colonies is scant. Mrs Leavitt will remain in Laun ceston this week, and will theu proceed to Hobart for a week, after which she will go to Melbourne, and thenoe to Adelaide. Religious. — To-morrow at the Laun ceston Tabernacle the Rev. A. Bird will : preach morning and evening. — At Chal mers' Free Church the Rev. W. Gray Dixon will officiate at both services. — The Rev. H. Baker will preach at the Wesleyan Church, Patterson-street, morn ing and evening, and the Rev. D. Annear at the Margaret-street Church, in the mornins, and the Rev. H. Saloway in the evening. — At the Temple Dr. Guinness will preach at both servicss. — At Ravenswood, Father Hiddlestone and John Piper will conduct services at 3 p.m. and 7 p.m.— At the Primitive Methodist Church, the annual missionary sermons will be preached by the Rev. J. G. Wright at 11 a.m. and 6'30 p.m., and in the afternoon, at 2*45 o'clock, a service of song will be rendered, entitled ' Eva.' On Monday evening the usual missionary tea will be held at G'30 o'clock in the school-room, to be followed by a Jubilee meeting in the church. Police Case. — On Monday last a man named Robert Reid borrowed a horse, saddle aud bridle from a groom in the employ of Mr Wake, who has stables adjoining the Cornwall Hotel, in Cameron street. As neither Reid nor the horse ' turned up' according to promise, sus picion was aroused, and information given to the police, with the result that yester day the culprit was arrested in town by Detective-Sergeant Wilson, and lodged in the watch- house. He will appear at the Police Court this morning. Sudden Death of Mr William Hutchinson. — We sincerely regret to state that Mr William Hutchinson, of the firm of Smith and Hutchinson, Brisbane street, died suddenly at St. Leonards about 9 o'clock last night. He had been in town on Thursday, and went to see one of his sons off to Melbourne by the s.s. Flinders. He returned to St. Leonards, and took part at a children's tea-meeting. Last even ing he attended a meeting at the St. Leonards Instiute for the elec tion of churchwardens, and spoke in favor of the re-clectiou of his partner in business, Mr Smith. He seemed to feel hurt at the course pro ceedings were talcing, and said he would never vote against his partner of 40 years' standing. He was soon after found to be in a fit, and was caught by Mr Weather head, and prevented from falling. After a few gaBps lie died in Mr Weatherhead's arms in thelnstitute, and wasthenrcraoved to his residence near at hand. Thecauseof death i3 supposed to have been disease of the heart. Mr Hutchinson was one of the most benevolent, liberal, open handed men to the poor in Launceston. He was a sincere Christian, an enthusias tic advocate of the temperance cause for over 30 years, a good Samaritan, in whom there was no guile. His loss will be deplored by all classes, for he was a very old colonist, widely known, and beloved and respected by all who knew him. He had attained the average age allctted to man, 70 j ear^, aud hi3 was a well-spent life. The ' Young Ladies' Jouhkal.'— Wo have received from Metsrs. Walch Bros, and Birehall a copy of the Young Ladies' Journal for February, with the usual large, plain, and colored supplements of Paris winter fashions for iadie3 aud chil dren. A new leadiug story, 'A Spoilt Beauty,' is commenced in this number. ' A Queen of Society,' the tales ' Single or Married ?' are continued. In addition a colored design for waste paper basket, and full size patterns for cutting out two dresses for little girls accompanies the February number, which is beautifully illustrated throughout. Amongst the new pieces of music are Hellen Fawcett's ballad ' The Joys of other Days Taylor's motto song, 'I Always Think Twice ere 1 Act,' aud the ' Hunting the Hare Gallop.' Great Fike in Sydney. — A great fire broke out at 3 o'clock on Wednesday morning at No. 57 Lower George-street, Sydney, on the premises owned and used as a warehouse by Messrs. H', Ids worth and Macpherson, wholesale ironmongers, The building, which was a four-storey stone warehouse, was completely de molished, with the stock, valued at over £20,000. The top and third Honrs were completely gutted, the roof was burned off, the second floor was severely damaged by the fire, and the first and ground floors were injured more by water than by fire. In addition to the main building, the back warehouse was gutted. An alarm was given by the people residing next door, and three steam, besidei a number of manual engines, quickly arrived, under Superintendent Bear. Considerable alarm was caused when it was known that several tons of gunpowder was stored on the pre mises. The firemen managed, with great difficulty, to remove most of it, but the rest exploded, to the consternation cf the people in the vicinity. The lire was eventually got under a little after 9 o'clock. The insurances are as follows : — Com- mercial Union, building £1500, stock £7000, £500 being re ir.sured ; Royal, £2000 ; North British, £:?000 ; Northern, £2000 ; Liverpool, London, and Globe, £0000 ; Australian Alliance, £2500 ? total, £24,000. Dr. Ockley. — Says the South Eastern Star (S. A.) : — ' Dr. Ockley appears to be fairly busy in the practice of his profes sion at Penola, and is rapidly establish ing himself as a favorite with the people, having been, very successful with the cases of illness that have come under his care. The medical committee have taken no steps yet to get up a guarantee for the doctor, as he prefers that they should wait till he becomes better acquainted with the neighborhood and its prospects. Dr. Ockley's many friends in Scottsdale, where he practised for some years, will be glad to learn that he is doing well in his new sphere, and bids fair to become as popular as he was while in Tasmania. Called Back.'— Mr Fargus, the author of this popular book, died at Naples from typhoid fever. The sewage of Naples is emptied into the Mediterranean (the tideless sea), and near to this is the favoriie English quarter, where hundreds of our countrymen have caught their deaths from the pestilential atmosphere of which poor Mr Fargus was the victim. A great deal of suffering may be averted by taking Daily's Liver and Blood Mixture,, which is a certain preventive of fevers of all kinds. The Cuckoo's Smoke Night. — The | , first smoke night concert in connection J with the Cuckoo Club took place at Fahey's Assembly Rooms last evening, ar.d resulted in a success far beyond the most sanguine expectations. The room was nicely arranged with small tables, whilst at the end of the hall a temporary stage was provided for the performers. The members of this increasingly popular society had drawn up an excellent pro gramme of solos, quartettes, and choruses, all of which were rendered ina way that won very hearty applause from the audience, who, whilst the concert was going on, added to the pleasantry of the evening by a rubber of whist, crib, etc. Before the first part was concluded, the pipe, which Locke says, ' Reason first recommends, and custom makes pleasant,' was got underweigh, and till the close the audience had collected in small groups, and the entertainment took the form of a sociable, in the proper sense of the word. The principal performers were— Messrs. H. J. Cato, conductor, who in the second part was twice re-called for his singing, 'There is a flower that bloometh Mons. Maurice, who got an encore for both his songs, 'The midshipmite' and 'La Donna E Mobile.' Mr A. Spotswood gave, with good effect, that popular song, ' Vanity.' Mr C. A. Morris did much batter with ' A soldier and a man' than he did with his solo in the second part ; and Mr W. Sutton was loudly applauded for 'Mother, bear me to the window.' A high word of commendation is due the accoinpanyist, Mr E. Gibbons, who so kindly offered to preside at the piano at the last moment, and who spared no pains to make the concert a success. At the con clusion of the entertainment, Mr G. T. Collins thanked the audience on behalf of the Cuckoo Club, for their attendance, and said that as their first ' smoke night' appeared such a success, they intended giving one overy six weeks. Our Volunteers. — A parade of the members of the Launceston Volunteer Artillery corps will be held at the Drill Ground to-night, at 8 o'clock, for re enrolment. Yacht Race. — We understand that a handicap sailing race between the yachts Cid, Florrie, and Stella will take place this afternoon. The Cid will allow the Florrie 2min, and Stella 20min, and the liandicap will be taken from the start. The Stella (white flag with blue Maltese cross) will 3tart at 2 '30 p.m., the Florrie (flag red and white) at 2'38, and the Cid (pale blue) at 2-40. The Cadet was to have competed, but her skipper decided at the eleventh hour not to start for this race. Intercolonial Items. — The body of Robert Birkett, supposed to have been murdered by his wife at Roma (Q-), in December, 188-3, has been exhumed. Attempts were made to raise the coffin, but being rotten, they were unsuccessful, and Dr. Comyu descended the grave and removed the stomach for analysis. — What might have resulted in a fatality was prevented at the Sydney Hospital, in the case of a little child, named James Hannan, who lived with its parents at 25 Day-street. The infant was brought to the institution by its mother, who left a bottle of iodine on the floor of her kitchen, and the child finding it, drank a quantity. Dr. Munro applied the stomach pump, and was successful in relieving the child of pain. As there was a possibility of it having a relapse, it was admitted to the institution. — One hundred and thirty one cases of typhoid have been reported in Melbourne since Christmas, 42 of which proved fatal. The Central Board of Health intends asking for increased powers to cope with the epidemic. — The steamer Nemesis, bound for Sydney from Melbourne, on Tuesday, very nearly collided with the dynamite hulk anchored off Point Cook. The steamer was within two hundred yards amidships of the hulk, and her engines were reversed, and the steamer took the rocks, being stuck there for two hours. The passengers were greatly alarmed as had a spark from the Nemesis engines fallen on the hulk a terrific explosion would almost certainly have ensued. The Rev. R. K. Ewing. — From the Invcrdl (N.S.W.) Times of the 6th inst. we make the following extract : — ' O.n the Sunday evening, in company with Mr J. S. Keys Smith, I visited your Church of England, and there heard the Rev. Mr Ewing, not the Rev. Mr Campbell, as I expected. The rev. gentleman named furnished me with some welcome surprise. I was occasionally perplexed at the solemn gravity of hi3 deportment, his measured elcgiac voice, his soft cadences. The peculiarities of style, so^foreign to the conventional murmurism of the Anglican Church, as a rule, Ilia reading of the psalms, his subdued air, the reading of his lessons aud hymns, tha calm and apparently i!naffectednes3(.-f his elocution, all combined with his alight Scottish accent, perplexed me. My mind kept running away to my distinguished relative, the Rev. Dr. Guthrie, of Eiinbuigh ; then forward to some or.e I heard not long ago in Orange, whose n:ins escaped me ; then, and even now, though I remember this eloquent gentle- hearted representative of the ' Auld Kirk,' I could not unhinge my mind from those asso ciations, and unmannerly whispered my friend that gentleman has been a Presby terian minister. This was after I heard his discourse. It i3 something to come to the very bolder land of our colony of New South Wales to discover a model of pulpit eloquence. I, at least, found an example of a high order of pulpit oratory in the Church of England, Glen Innes, when I heard this gentleman preach. If anything too ornate, the lights ai:d shades, aud marvellously delicate tints, were put on by a pre-Riphaelite hand. A learned, admirable digest about loving the world. Parts of this excellent piece of pulpit oratory sto'.d out and up resplendent as the loftiest shining silver domes of the great antique Pngodas of Burmali — very beautiful — but at tim'3 t.tilted, walking on, leaning on. M.S S. iixtd before the eye fitters the most graceful and effective of sermonic delivery or any other oratory. The rev. gentleman, whose memory I think equal to his fervid imagination, would not do unwisely if he would forget his manuscript now and then that his eyes could iceet those of his audience. There is more sympathetic eloquence in the langua.e of thi human eye than in the mechanical reading of a most learned exposition from the pulpit, with the head bent down, and the minister's hand swaying and gn-.spiug at shadows. It was when this gentleman had us in full view, aud left his strong soul unfettered, that he was really eloquent. This gen-leman and the rev. gentleman of the Presbyterian ' Church, Orange, resemble each other in i appearance, face, head, l.uild, manner, I eloquence, carnestn-.ss, and that solemn j gravity peculiar to the Scotch Church.' j 