flDlscellanecms^v^ The Mcasnrcless Deeps.' \ I think sometimes that the silence itself haH : a soundless ghost,' ; ' ~ ' A stillness deei«r than ocearr, -where gather tha countless host Of. shades that are shade's reflections, of ? glooms that ore shades of gloom, Andechoss of thouglits unfathomed which. never in words nnd room. There are thoughts': which move at midnight too deep for a vision's reach ; There arc waves deep down in . silence, ' too 1 strong for the grasp of speech : And a mystic intuition in infinite depth of ? space :: ; . -.''?' Too far to impress reflections or shades on a ; mortal fa-=e. ; . ' . - Wc.kubw in the siltnt chambers the beats of a distant heart'. ' ?' : We have seen with nn inner vision tho cur ' .tains of silence p.irt, . ? . . And'far in the shaded distance have read, as on magic scroll, ..,.?? The words no sound could ntter, addressed to an earnest soul. . ' ' ? . ? ; There are things so deot jid sacred they -flee the approach of j so- .id, !??: There ore ideas, pure a 1 holy no natural hedgurows boand And 'somewhere, wt\ -adjusted,' unseen, un* ? heard, intense. ; '? . Are the truths which reach us only; through a seventh mysterious sense. : : We hear not, speak not, feel not, yet we think, and trust, and know, . While the viewless mystic currents sweep by . in their endlcs3 flow, ' - ':. While abo*e the mirrored crystal there flutter tho ghostly wings, ? ..... And a sung too' sweet for langnago its jubi lant anthem brims. - ?'???'. The' grandest truth'of the ages havb entered the heart like this, :ne tilings we can never utter prouumug iuc greatest bliss; 1 . * . '' '? Mysterious, intuition*, swift shades, of a shadow-thought, ? ; ? Have flooded the soul with sweetness in miracle wonders, wrought. .',; 1 We know there are soul vibrations, ft subtle nnd glorions bond, ; Uniting the world material with a something ? so far beyond '.'. That it reaches ns in soul waves, too. delicate far for touch, . :j : ' . ? . ... That the brightest; words ore heavy ana burden them' overmuch. So wo learav its ibeautious wisdom; Its peaceful currents flow Too far for the' reach of evil, too high for the touch of woe, ' ;| .. ??'- , '^ Too deenjor our words to fathom, tob soft fur^P grasp of sound, ? In a place which God. hath guarded With a silence most profound. . Then welocme the mystic message, .the peace * beyond all compare, * ' . ? Toe sweet to be grasped or measured, found but by a voiceless prayer ; The sign of a higher ipresence, a rapture 1 which may not cease Till it reach the great Nirvana and blend into endless peace. ?? .'?'?'??' A--. symbol of. something 'coming, revealing sometime tobeJj . The ripples of glory iapping the shore of an endlesssca :. ;; .,--.. The secret of life eternal, too grand for the bonds of speech, ; . Conveying a soundless messa e to the woit ? ing souls on the beach. So the soul receives its message, by a route we may not trace, From the deeps ? where fathomless silence broods ever in endless space ; Where the finite may not measure with its puny rule and ro3 The truths which the soul receiveth direct from tho heart of :God. ?„ : ? ? ? ? . ' ' J. Edgae Josra. 