THE TRAPPER'S ADVENTURE. They were waiting for a train at a wayback station in Humbolt County, and the conversation turned to spiritualism. A weather-beaten trapper, who had come in with a lot of skins to ship, said— "Wall, fur my part, I never go much on sperrit-rapping, ghosts andall them kind er things, but I tell yew, boys, I had a powerful scare wunBt." " How was that ?" asked a solemn man, with long hair, who was evidently a travelling medium. " Wall, yer see, it was one night about a year ago. I was a-layin' in my cabin up on the Little B'ar River. I woke up long er midnight and got ter thinkin' about my partner, Grizzly Smith, as died in that very cabin er lung fever four years ago that very night Putty soon .1 felt somethin' tech the blankits kinder soft like." " Rats," suggested the switch-tender. u No, ther aint no rats in them parts. Putty soon I felt suthin' like a hand a- squeezin' my leg. I felt kinder scared then, fur I know'd ther deer dogs wus outside, and I was plumb sartin' thar wasn't anuther human bein 1 in forty milos o' Lhar. I was sleepin' in Grizzly's blankits, too, so I sez,' Is that you. Smith ?' " " And there was two raps," said the long-haired man. " No, thar wam't no raps, but a sorter buzzin', rattlin' sound, like a dyin' man's last gasp—'zactly the way Smithie let go. Then I felt suthin' clammy tech my cheek." " Case of materialization," said tho longhaired party. '" Rats," said the switch-tender again. " I tole yer thar warn't no rats up thar," growled the trapper. " I 'low I was badly scared then, an' ther cold sweat a-droppin' often me. ' Does yer want ter kermoonica'.e suthin', Grizzly ?' sez L Then ther buzzin' began agin. Arter that suthin' teched my other hand." " Rats," wedged in tho switchman. " You'll have ter heel yerself if yer 6ay that agin, lantern-jerker," said the hunter, ominously. " Wall, gents, it got so I couldn't stan' it no longer. I jest jorked those blankits often me, jumped up and struck a light." " And what did you seo 1" " Why, nuthin', gents, but a big rattlesnake. Nuthin' but 'a plain, ord'nary rattler. An' me most scared ter death by ther dum thing's mokoyin^s ,too. Wall, you bet I just rolled over and laughed till I thought I'd burst." " And the snake 1" asked the crowd. "" The snake," said the trapper simply. "Wall, I disremember that—I guess I stepped on it's head, or suthin'. No, gents, I don't take no stock in sperrits. ther train." Here's 