H A RUN ACROSS THE CHANNEL, M We have been favoured with anothor |g| letter from Mr. R. Kilborn to a friend in Corowa, with permission to publish, hK . and, oa it may. prove interesting to other 89 than the writer's personal friends, we ro- Wa prodnceit: London, 29th October, 1886. Ill V" dear L- — , III ' . (TCAs I'vo an hour to spare and yon might like to hear that I'm still alive |||9 and kicking, I will give you a short ac- 3 count of. a trip I've just made through -M parte of France and Belgium. t|i I left' London at 4 p.m. for Brighton, ig£ changed trains there for Newhaven, at j|| ' whioh place I went on board the steamer H Brittany, for Dieppe, at 8 p.m. As the 3$ steamer i didn't leave for a couple of ®| boars, myself and an American acqnain- ;! tance — a fellow-passonger from New 3 York — got hold of a boy to pilot us 'M round the town, bnt, as it's not a large H place, we soon got back to our boat, and, 31 after a smoke, went to bed. - On going H up on deck next morning tbe French S coast was plainly visible about 8 miles m ahead. The morning was lovely — with J just a light mist over the water. There were any number of fishing boats abont tS us, making their way to Dieppe with their last night's catch of fish. Wo 7 reached the dock abont 7 '30, and after the cnatom-honse officers had examined T; our luggage (a very brief proceeding in 'Sl my case — they didn't even ask me to J open my bag) we Btrolled through the town for an honr and then had some breakfast at the Baffet just where the 'q| steamer lands us. The only thing that I noticed particularly abont Dieppe was j# the fish-market — any quantity of fish and any qaantity of firii dealers, who ore all women. They appear., to bny ||| the fish and distribute them through the town, and the loads they con carry are <|p a caution, One of these little nnggets gji of women (they're about 4 feet high and jg 3 feet broad) will walk off with a load Ip that it takes two or three to hoist on ||j her back. We left at 9 o'clock by train Sg for Paris. Just after starting we passed jAg through a tunnel (I should think a Ion- Hi gish one) and came out in ono of tho id? finest countries I've ever seen. The m road from Dieppe to Ronen is moat of 19 the way throngn a valley varying from ill one to two miles brood— cultivated like il a gnrdon. Almost every honse has a |H garden and fruit troos ; and wo saw at H numbers of wayatde stations trucks 88 loaded with applea and peon — not in HI any kind of packing, bnt just tumbled in loose. In passing through we wore rp always in sight of beautiful streams of water twisting and turning through the !g| valley. I couldn't see tho least appesr- 31 unco of poverty. Every house was HI whitewashed, and they looked like small Bnow-bonks through the green trees. We H saw. numbers of men ploughing. They St use a machine like the two wheels and kj axle of a cart to support the beam of S the plough, and consequently in turning if do n't have any lifting and hauling to gs turn the plough. In harrowing, one man iwl manages three horses : each horse has III o harrow ; the driver leads the fimt, or. Ill near-side horse ; the next to him keeps 91 abont six feet to the right and abreast III t ' tjie first harrow, and the third home |H i'SA>a a corresponding position with re- ill &urd; to the second. I- think the homes I!! ' are trained to it, as I could see no other 811 . method in operation. All we saw were 99 working in the same way. The homes H| were all ot a capital stamp, about 15 to ||g 16 hands, and regular nuggets, I think ||g they are the Percheron (Norman) breed. ig| In the little paddooks surrounded by H hedges (I didn't see a fence in the H country) thei cattle were lying quietly or m else, grazing about with a lazy kind ' of I " -I-V-very-well-thank-you-how's-your- I self" sort of air. ' .Everything and every I person Beemod to show prosperity and | contentment, and I don't wonder at I Frenchmen, especially those living there, I speaking in' raptures of la Belle France. 3 Although it is the middle of October I the country is as green as possible. I | can see, however, by the changing color I of the leaves on the trees, that there M have been slight frosts. After passing | Roueh the country gradually opens out, | and the valley becomes broader. We IH run through the valley of the Seine, and III cross it several times. On coming to HI the open country I was particularly sM struck with its appearance. Although il f is most carefully cultivated, yet, I could HH not seo O Binglo farm- house. The people Is aU live in small villages, and I think I 81 didn't see a farm-house or a ham in tho II country. '. Yery little grain is cultivated H| in the port I saw. The principal orop |U was beet — I suppose for sugar- making. I!) BetweOn.Paria and the Belgian frontier |j there appears more groin cultivation, as IH well as a large quantity of hay — grass H| hay, of course, as I havo seen no oaten H hay anywhere out of Australia. It m looked very strange to me to see large Hi plains cultivated without a sign of either H a fence, a- farm-house, or a building' of Ij any kind in sight. Between Paris and S Belgium we passed frequently in Bight g of the canals. .- The boats are towed by p homes, end I noticed that grey ia the i dominant color. - I think five ont of every seven I saw through the country were greys. Tho cattle I saw were princi pally black — the Holstein breed, I think, and I was told they nre considered the -/ best dairy cows. I saw only five or six 'i pairs of bullooks at work, and they were H yoked to drays. They don't appear to | use bullocks to any extent. .We reached I Paris about l.p.m., and -put. up at the 1 Hotel do Lille et d'Albion, Rue St. | Honoro. I forgot to tell you that after | passing Rouen we saw sovoral patches of I vines, from \ to 1 J- acres, each ou the I sides of the hills, but they looked very w spindly things, They wore planted q. about two feet apart, and staked.. I may as -.well-. toll you that I tasted grapes 9 — not only here, but in England, Ireland, Scotland, and Amorica, but tasted no- thiDg like . those of our Wahgunyah growing. In the afternoon of our arri- | val wo'' visited' some of the principal | streets, and I can tell you without any < hesitation that this is. the city. There's | no use denying it I Paris can give any | <ty I've seen long odds and then win, i nuhds down, There's no use my ntiempt- | ing any description of . its miles upon I miles of the most beautiful broad, clean I Btreets,i many ' planted with two, and some with four, rows of trees. The Bois do Boulogne, with its beautiful shady walks, the zoological collection, and tho crowning sight of the Champs Elysees. They can only be seen to be understood, and I can almost understand tho Yankee whon he said "Let me see Paris and die." I ? — Eb.l From the Tnileriea to the Aro de Triomphe is abont three miles, through a beautiful broad avenue, the Champs ElyseeB, past tho Place de la Concord, and. it looks only about a mile. We visited Notre Dome and heard high mass, the Column of July (the site of the old Bastille), tho Madeleine. The Are de Triomphe — the most splendid arch in the world — is 160 feet high, 146 feet broad. 72 feet deep, and most magnificently ornamented with groups of statuary. Of course we went through the Louvre, but I cannot give you the least idea of the immense ex tent of the building itself, or the grand collection of paintings on the walls of its galleries. We were in Paris on Sun day, and were, of coarse, looking ronnd. I could Bee no difference between it and any other day. All the shops were open, workmen at work as usual, discharging and loading vessels at tho wharves; washerwomen at work, and, as this is one of the- peculiarities of Paris, I will just try and tell yon what it iB. Well, in the first place all the clothes-washing of the city is done on the Seine in large float ing wash- houses built for the pur pose, in which every washerwoman has her stall and wash-tub. The hot water is supplied by an engine on the wash-house, and as the Seine water ia too dirty the water for washing is laid on in pipes from the waterworks, and service pipes and taps to each wash tnb — a most con venient arrangement. Tho omnibuses, tramcars, and railways were working, aud I saw one plasterer at work plaster ing a house. I must say it was an un pleasant sight to me, and I thank God I livo in a country where wo are taught to keep holy the Sabbath day, and I cer tainly most sincerely hope that Australia will never do away with our day of rest. As my American friend has to return to England from here, I parted with him with regret, as we had got on capitally together. He took the train for Calais, and I for Mods and Brussels. On the station, as I was trying to get some one to tell mo my train, I fortunately mot another American gentleman and his wifo, who had been passing the summer in Paris, and jnat on their way to Brus sels, Antwerp, and Amsterdam. I found thorn vory pleasant, and we kept to gether until I left them at Antwerp. Wo left Paris at 745, a fine day, and the country travelled through generally level and of splendid quality. I should think from the color a dark chocolate. At the frontier we were all obliged to get out and have our luggage examined by the Belgian Custom House officers. From here to Brussels the coantry is very fine and highly cultivated. We reached Brussels about 1 '30, so before dinner we went to see the picture gallery, a fine collection, then to the park, where a military band was playing, then through the botanical gardens, one of the finest I have seen. In it was ths Victoria Jtegia, with its great leaves lying on the water. The plant was in bloom, and the white flowers looked very nice. I would have liked to pick one, bnt as it was all enclosed in a gloss honse I couldn't .get at it. By the time we had inspected the pretty nick-nacks in the shop windows of two or three streets it was dinner time, and we got back abont tired ont. We saw the celebrated Manikin Fountain (will describe it when I see you), a fine work of art, and admired by all who see it. _ We also visited the Wurtz gallery of paintings. This painter, it is said, was mad, and I think he was from his paint ings, although he was a great painter. His subjects were horrible, for instance, "Buried Alive," "Hunger, Madness, and Crime," " The Suicide," " Thoughts and Visions of a Severed Head," "Buo naparte in Hell." Some of them are of a different class, and it is altogether a celebrated gallery. The Palais de Jus tice is also a most magnificent building — one of the finest in Europe. The shops are worth noticing, and if I had plenty of money I would bring some specimens of Belgian workmanship. The Hotel de Ville is one of the finest buildings I've seen yet. Its front is moBt profusely decorated, and adorned with scores of most beautiful statuary — any one of which is a - gem. The spire is, I think, the finest I've seen. The streets, like those of Paris, are broad, clean, and many of them planted with trees," and altogether Brussels ia a very fine oily. I noticed a great many dogs harnessed to carts, and drawing large loads. The milk-carts are 'drawn by dogs entirely, and they do their work well. I forget lots of things I saw, not' only here bnt at Paris and Antwerp, where we arrived about'9,30 p.m. Tins is a very old city, and has many histori cal recollections. I was surprised to find it such a nice clean city, with broad well-paved clean streets. I was anxious to see the Steen— on old fortress, dating from 7J26. It is mostly -in ruins, but ono tower and part of the main build ing is still standing, and used as a museum, in which are preserved the rack, iron collars, and other instruments of torturo used by the Holy Inquisitors, who used this fortress and its dungeons as a prison. After looking through tho curios and relics preserved in the tower I got a candle, and descended the stone stops into tho dungeons, where many a poor wretch has passed weary days or weeks only to be taken into one of the others to be probably stretched on the rack, beheaded, drowned, or tortured in some other way. ' The walls are quite slimy, as they are below the level of the river, and I felt when wandering through them alone — only, a caudle to show me the way— that I was surrounded by the ghosts of scoros of the viotims of Span ish tyranny and superstitition. In going to tho Cathedral I passed through tho Btreet whero one of the moBt bloody fights took place between the Spaniards and Flemings in the plundering of the city by order of Phillip II.;:in 1516. The Cathedral is a magnificent build ing, tho tower or spiro, ' said to bo the highest in tho world. Tho appearance from the front or main en trance is wonderfully grand. The carved pulpit is a fine piece of work. The I chapelo, as well as various places on the 1 walls of the cathedral, have numerous old and valuable paintings, among which are the well-known "Elevation of the Cross" and the better known " Descent from the CrosB," painted by Rnbens. There aro also some celebrated stained windows, one particularly representing Henry VIL and Qneen Elizabeth of York kneeling nnder a canopy. It was pat in to commemorate a trade treaty between Henry VIL and Philip The Handsome, about 1500. I went to St- Paul's Church, celebrated for the wood carvings, which for about six feet high cover the sides of the churoh and choir. The Btalls and confessionals, though in scores, are all different and beantifnlly carved. The carvings are all in oak. I next visited the Jesuits' Church. This has also splendid carved wainscots and confessionals, as well as some old pictures and ivory and marble carvings. It was used temporarily as a hospital for the soldiers wounded at Waterloo in 1815. After doing the churohes, Seo., I had a look at the public pork, a very pretty place, nice piece of water, fine paths, and plenty of chain nnder the trees, so I think' the' Antwerpers can pass a very pleasant afternoon here drinking Lager and smoking their good tobacco. Tho zoological garden is well worth seeing. The grounds are large, well arranged, and the houses for the animals substan tial, and all kept in.first-class order. As my American friends were going to Amsterdam while my conrse was for old England we ported, and I took the steamer, for Harwich after having a splendid trip. 'And now, my -boy, . us I leave for home shortly, I hope to find yon Mid youra as well as all my old Wah gunyah frienda in the best of health, and, I will be glad to get back and see yon all once more. Good bye; I don't think yon can moke this all ont. Tonrs truly, R. KILBORN. 