RISE AND PROGRESS OK RAIL WAYS IK N.S.W. GOLDEN DAYS— THE FIRST SECTION. II. It is our intention, if possible, to make our readers see the country through which the pro posed railway lo Goulburn was to be carried almost in the same light as it was viewed by the sanguine shareholders in that venture. We will ask them, therefore, to come hack with us to the year 1852, and set out from Granville on a journey to Albury, which was in fact tho point that Mcsur. Lamb and Cowpcr hoped to reach with the new iron horse. The united area of the country they hoped to lap was IU,I75 square miles, containing a population of 21,01)1 people. The quantity of stock iu those districts together was as follows : — Horses .. .. .. 20,07.1 ilorticd cattle .. . 368,R4ft Pigs .. .. » l.l.oiK) Sheep .. .. 1,S43,712 The road to Liverpool, wc are told, was most uninteresting, the country on cither side being a dense forest, and the soil for the most, part poor and unproductive. The patches of culti- lutcd land which were fallen iu with were chiefly in the vicinity of public-houses. Cros sing the Lausdownc bridge, a structure erected by Governor Bourke, Mr. Lennox being the architect aud engineer, we reach the town of Liverpool. This we And lo be a "dull, lifeless, staguant sort of place," in fact, very much as we know it to-day. Liverpool has had no prosperous past. It has never been the victim of adverse circu instances, being either crushed by a railway or a road diversion. It. was in 1862 n "dull place" and contained but BB2 in habitants. The distance from Liverpool to C.vnpbelltown is HI miles, and along the whole intervening line of road we find " neat cottages at irregular intervals." Where are they now, in IS.SU V In the immediate neighborhood of Campbell- town the country had much more of an English aspect than most, other parts of the territory, and the proportion of cleared land was very considerable, Gainpbelltowu having been the centre point to which the efforts of Governor Macquaric were long and systematically directed in attempting to form a body of small farmers out of the emancipated convict population of the colony. To- day, Campbclltown is better known to us for its famous "ghost" than for any. great natural interest. Still few places — not even Kiama — can boast of an apparition that may be said to have given a history to its native haunt. Tu the neighborhood could be seen well-known houses, such as Mouul Gilead and the dairy farm of Gleulee, tho property of Mr. William Jlow, J.l\, ail old colonist of 1818\. Already on this estate had English grasses been planted and the paddocks were actually separate! from each other by hedges of quince or lemon tree. The popu lation of Campbclltown we would find lo be Leaving Cainplmlltown we pass on to Appiti, leaving ou our left Brookdalc Cottage, the home of the famous explorer, Hamilton Hume. Having seen Appiu wc return to Campbclltown and take the coach forGoulbu rn This starts at <5 a.m. Its track takes iu Cam den, population fl!2. The next stage — to Piclon> where we stay for breakfast. This part of the road crosses the Ka/.orbaek, a steep ascent 1200ft. high. We take a fancy to Pioton, it looks really lovely on this bright clear morning and we almost regret that our lot is not cast with the 112 happy people who go to make the population of this little village. . So on we go, crossing Myrtle Creek, until we reach Berrima, just 80 miles from Sydney. Here we And the children with line ruddy faces, for we are 2000 odd feet above the sea, and in a pure and delightful atmosphere. The popula tion here is 102. Leaving Berrima, in about. 17 mites we reach the village of Mo- rumba — a poor place enough— ami 1 1 mites further ou the struggling hamlet of Aluru- lan. Here the road to Braidwood and Queau- bcyan turns off. But wc keep straight, along the Great. Southern-road until we reach a flue tract of open country. This warns us that we are approaching Goulburn, and in a few hours our coach rattles in with an odd kind of dash kept in horses by every driver who lays any claim to merit. It has Lakeu us just t»2 hours to travel from Sydney to Goul- buru, at a cost of £18i., svlnch includes ac commodation by the way. The journey now takes Ave hours, and need uot cost more than 16s. i»d. We find on inspection that Goulburn is a tine thriving town, the buildiugs generally of a substantial charater, and its population 1616 souls. There are a .steam Motmuill and a stcain brewery— both owned by Mr. T. Bradley, a native of the colony and lately immber of the Legislative Council for the county of Argyle- But we cannot linger too long in Goulburn : we have to push on, aud iu due tune reach Gunning and its population of HU. From Gumiiug to Yass, a distance of 28 miles, the country is generally uninteresting, but afford ing good pasture in many places. The Yass Plaius were discovered by llovell and Hume on their overland trip to Fort Chili i p in 182-1 They are, properly speaking, rather downs than plains. We find Yass can boast of a population of Ufl6 people, and has a somewhat thriving appearance. The plaius around it arc thinly co7crcd with "apple tree," and the land may be said to be good. Leaving hero, we push on across Yass River to Downing, thence to Bogicloug. The country from Yass to JJogielong is au open pastoral country. Thence across Reedy Creek, and so to the valley of the famous Mui- rutuhidgee. The course of this river wc liud to be tortuous, its hunks fringed with ihc swamp- oak. Passing Jugiong there is a succession of ridges affording tolerable pasture. Twenty miles from Reedy Creek the mail changes horses at Mutiny Muuny. TiiL place is surrounded with grassy hills that afford good pasturage. Very similar country is gone over until we reacli (ritmlagui, with a population of '»A7 souls. This village is situated on the hanks of the Murrum- bidgec at a point where the road to Melbourne crosses that river. This river is very liable to floods. In the month of October, is I I, it rose upwards of -10ft. above the ordinary level — rising 1ft. above the floor of tho parlor of an inn at Gundagai. The people had iu all good faith, relying ou thu judgment of the Government surveyor, bought land on this frequently submerged flat, atui they had consequently, after all tho expenditure they hud incurred on thu old site, to memorialise the Government to remove the township to a place above the reach of floods aud to grant them other allotments there, but Sir George Gipps, the Governor at the time, refused their reason able roquest. Old Dr. Lang, to whom we are greatly indebted for this account, refrains from making any comment on so heartless an act. "I can scarcely trust myself," he says ; ami no wonder. Ho Sir George has Hie satisfaction, if he is in a position to enjoy auvthiug, of know ing that he has condemned a town for alt time to periodical Inundations. However, we have to push along, so we cross the river by t he punt and take to the ro.id again. Twenty miles on we change horses. Here our com panion, the good doctor, is usked to baptise a child of the wife of the innkeeper. The postman agrees to wait for half- an-hour, and the ceremony is performed to tho satisfaction of all concerned. In time we arrive at Mate's Inn, Tarcutla Creek, just before sunset, having that day travelled 70 miles. This place is the halfway station between Sydney and Melbourne, and about H0U miles from either place. Rushing on at daybreak, the course we took was about Bouth-west. Tho general character of the country between the two rivers is hill and dale, with extensive plains, hounded by picturesque mountain ridges, aud abounding in excellent pasture. Hcreutecn miles on, we change horses at Kiamba, and travel on to Bii- lihung Forest, a distance of 28 mites, without any change of horses. Thence an IH-miie stage to Muliiujandra and another of 22 miles lauds us in Albury— our destination. The mail reaches this latter place au hour before sunset. We find the surrounding country to be alluvial plains of the flrsl quality, lil ted for cultivation. Our companion, Dr. Lang, is of opinion that the whole surplus population of Britain for a century to come might easily he located ou the banks of those two great rivers, tho Murrumbitlgec and Hume .but tho worthy doctor had not taken into consideration the fact thai thu legis- lators iu Sydney incaiit these rich plains for tho lucky few aud not the needy many, and that thoy were not to be opened up by rail for fit) years to come! As these articles progress it may be seen what this infamous delay has cost the country. We And Albury to be a finely situated town, sum umlcil by plenty of the finest laud to grow grain for hundreds oi thou- sands of people. Jt is still in dispute as to whether the permanent crossing- place on the great road from Sydney to Melbourne hIiuII be nere or not. You sec Albury had its "burning question' even then. There is here a popula tion of i-12, and the place U said to have assumed "a civilised aud creditable —ami, there is reason to hope, a Christian — character ami appearauoo." So cuds our journey of about, -loo miles. Wc have taken live days to no the journey. Wo have slept four nights on the road, thu whole accommoda tion has been . something dreadful and we have had to pay £H» to cover the cost. At present wc take ItH hours to accomplish the same journey at a cost of £'2 -H;. Aud yet wo took .11 years to make that railway, or at the rate of 12i miles a year, or about 00 yards a day. Thus briefly we have shown Lite state of the country and the population of the towns at the tiuie when the works for the railway to Goul burn were in progress. The directors of this undertaking, as we have seen, hoped at no dis tant date to complete their tusk. But, alas, for the vanity of human wishep ! On February 12, 1861, the indomitable Mr. E. II. Hargravcs dis covered, gold in the Lewis Ponds; on May 8 following the news was announced iu Sydney, and the work ou the line was practically sus pended. If gold made this country iu one respect, it ccriaiuly threw back its agricultural ami rural prosperity some 20 years. Let us sec what the effect of this great discovery really was ou the labor market aud the railways whose history we are following. Up to the time of the gold discovery the rural population had been almost wholly given to pastoral pursuits j in fact, so completely was the wealth of the country dependent on sheep- grazing that the Sydney Morniny Herald con sidered the matter worthy of the deepest atten tion. It took a survey of tiie situation, with the result "that of each £100 worth of colonial produce exported during the last three years, viz., 1817-18-10, tho respective interests appear to have supplied ou the average the following prospects :— Tim pastoral interest .. £02 H i) All other interests ,. 7 5 3 £1U0 0 U So that, as far as the experience of years teaches, more than niue- tenths of the whole export trade of the colony arc derived from the pastoral interest." Agricul ture had aluiosL been wholly neglected, for the simple reason that it was next to impossible to deliver wheat or hay in Sydney otherwise than by sea at a profit. In December, 1860, wc And wheat quoted at Us. fid. per bushel ; it is now only -Is. 2d. Flour was thou £17 per ton ; to day £1) H)s. A 21b. loaf of broad cost about fid. j but meat was wonderfully cheap, cattle fetching, if iirst-ratc, from £fi to £1 per head, and fat sheep -Is. fid. In two years flour went up to £2.'» a ton and hay lo £8 a ton, but. meat if anything went down, being quoted as low as 60s. per head for prime lots. When the construc tion of the line we are discussing was first begun, wages were very low, a shepherd receiving but £18 to £2u per annum. By an advertisement we lind that "a man to take care of aud drive a pair of horses and do general ontdoor work ; wages, £20 per anuum." The As. fid. put (lay offered by the contractors was eagerly sought after, and a man thought himself ou the high road to fortune when he secured that amount. Suddenly the whole system of employment was shaken to its very foundations. Tfic posi tions of capital and labor was reversed, aud labor became master of the situation. Gold had been discovered, and the shareholders might do the pick and shovel work themselves. The cry was, "To the Turon,""To Major's Creek," to any of the dozeu Kl Dorados that promised for tunes such as none before had dreamed of. In fact, t he works were deset ted aud the contractors ruined. On March 12, 1861, the tender of Mr. William Wallis had been accepted for the construction of the line from Ashflold to Ilaslem's Creek (now known as Rookwood), the estimated cost being £IU1,U0U. This was on account of earth work, fencing and bridges for a single line, aud did not include the rails, ike. These works were proceeded with, though slowly, until the rise in the labor market consequent on the dis covery of gold near Bathurst, when the con tractor, with the consent of the directors, ubaudoned his contract notwithstanding an offer of AO per cent, iucrease on his price. This abandonment took place in the latter part of 1852\. In the meantime, towards the close of 1851, tenders had been invited by public adver tisement for additional contracts, but no eligible offer being made, the directors deferred entering into any agreement on aecouut of the then unsettled state of the labor market. On August fi, however, J 862, 'Air. William Handle, Hie gentleman who presided over the works as contractor, commenced operations in the Cleve land paddock at Hyduey, within 1UU yards of the spot where the Honorable Mrs. Keith Stewart turned the first turf upwards of two years before. Labor was scarce and dear, aud a host of liifiiculties, natural and otherwise, bad to bo contended with j in consequence of which, and the affairs of the company not being in a very flourishing .state, he had to limit Ids exertions for a time to a very small district. The cash advances, though regular, were ex tremely small. Mr. Handle's flrsl gang consisted of live men. one of whom was discharged the Aral day, and two of them continued in his employ up to tho time of completion. This was but a small beginning. The gang of men, however, increased in a few days, aud the board had to pay £50 per week for work done. When, however, tiie payments amounted to £70 a week, it was considered a matter for congratulation among the directors that, there were some signs of ' getting on." In the space of lfi weeks the work had rapidly ad vanced, 2 I.UU0 cubic yards of excavation having been completed, which was more thae had beeu done under the old contract iu 18 months. Brick yards aud quarries were opened and an estab lishment set iu operation for the manufacture of earth-waggons aud other stock. From that period the line was vigorously pro.ieeuted, although under many disadvantages, the great est of which was the want of irou rails. Wooden rails were u.se.1 during this time, but they were very expensive ou account of the enormous wear uud tear and the groat amount of friction. Plating tho rails with thin bars of iron was tried with partial success, but the process and he repairs involved iu it were too expensive for general adoption. In May or June, 185-1, the lirst shipment of iron rail« was received, and further shipments continued lo arrive in rapid succession. This? was felt to he a great advantage, both in point of economy and expedition. The new raits were, of course, laid down immediately, and the wooden ones, which required removing every two months, were finally abandoned. The .saving in draught alone was 50 per cent.— a matter of some moment at a time when draught horses were £80 a head and hay was fetching £A5 per tun. About this period, also, the com pany succeeded in obtaiuiug a Government loan, aud the works were consequently prose cuted with increasjii vigor. Tiie weekly payments immediately rose to £1000 per week. At this time some doubts were ex pressed as to the stability of the works, and they wore in consequence minutely examined and most favorably reported upon by a board of professional gentlemen appointed for the purpose. The same board examined the liuc iu its finished stale, when a train weighing 200 tons traversed tho track from Sydney to Parramatta. The length of Hie main line lo Parramatta is M miles, and it was hoped by the shareholders that £5U,A6U would meet the expense of con struction. Fortunately for them and for the country, a paternal Government, released them of their liabilities, which would have amounted to nearly £l,U0fl,U00 sterling! Thus, after many trials, the line to Gruuvillc was declared to he complete, and was opcued to the public on Heptumbcr 20, 1855. 