THE COURTING OP MARY SMITH. By F. W. ROBINSON, Author of "Grandmother's Money," "Anne Judge, Spinster," "Little Kate Kirby," "The Black Speck," "Lazarus in London," &c.; [Published by; peelil arrangement with the author. All rights reserved.] BOOK III.—IN THE GREAT CITY. Chapter XIV.—Strategic Movements. Mary Smith saw it all now. It was no coin cidence—it was all part and parcel of a plot against Verity Lovett—and against herself, for what she knew to the contrary. It was not altogether a satisfactory position to confront; there was a suspicion of being trapped about it, a sense of danger surround ing her, if these two women were as desperate and lawless as she feared they mighty be. Strange thoughts flitted through her mind ; newspaper reminiscences of old tragedies in these grim Waterloo-road houses; stories of missing folk, of the desperate classes lurking in the shadows; of robbery, of bloody murder, and the assassin stealing away and known for all time only to his God. She remembered her father talking once of this part of London to old Dodson, the man who cut his throat, and of the nightmare horrors which had followed the relation. And it flashed across her in a single moment of time, as it is said the record of a life may pass in an instant over the mind of a drowning man. Mary Smith backed towards the window. If there were no escape that way, there would be at least the means of giving an alarm. It was a busy street, and the rattle of vehicles went on unceasingly without, and kept the lamp-shade tremulous. Surely she was safe enough, she thought; and she was a young woman who, despite her natural fears, did not lose her presence of mind. She unlocked the window, threw it up, and stood in front of it. "What are you going to do?" asked Mrs. Craven ; " for mercy's sake, what is it now ?" " I am going to scream into the street for help, as soon as I feel I am in danger here," was the cool reply. Jane Rebchain gave a short, sharp laugh at this. She had not moved from the door, but stood with her back planted against the panels still. "Oh, how nervous we are, Miss Smith !"she said ironically ; " I should not have thought it of you, really!" Jane Rebchain was looking a trifle soiled; as though she had been working diligently in the lower regions of the house—there was a maid of-all-work look about her, and a maid-of-all work not too particular concerning her personal appearance. Her hair was straggling in loose filaments from a tumbled white cap Bhe wore on the back of her head, and there was a dusky smudge across her face that did not add to its amiable expression, or soften the intensity of scowl, for which in aggrieved moments Miss Rebchain had always been distinguished. She did not look quite safe, "I am nervous enough to be upon my guard," answered Mary Smith, "Well, you may be. You haven't been playing too straightforward a game to feel quite comfortable," said Jane Rebchain. " I don't wonder at your being afeard a bit. It's natural." "Where is Verity Lovett?" asked our heroine. "I don't know anything of her—what's she to do with me ?" replied Jane Rebchain inso lently;" what have I had to do with the Lo vetts —any of the gang of them—since that hateful old wretch turned me out of his house in the middle of the night? I wish I had had the chance to hit him over the head with one of his decanters—I'd have done it!" "Why are you standing there ? Do you in tend to keep me a prisoner? You!" exclaimed Mary Smihh, who was recovering her courage rapidly, and feeling her temper rise. The street below was dark, but there were people passing to and fro, and she was safe. There would be no difficulty in arousing the neighborhood and attracting attention. Mrs. Craven was impressed by that fact as well as our heroine, and was regarding the position which Mary Smith had taken up with a degree of anxiety that she did not attempt to disguise. But she was very silent now, leaving all the talk to Jane Rebchain, as though afraid of her, or as if convinced that it would be in that female's power to explain the whole proceedings more clearly than she could. "Nobody's thinking of hurting a hair of ytur head, though you deserve it for pokiDg and prying and trying to bring honest people into trouble," continued Rebchain; "but you are not going to frighten my poor mistress to death " "Verity." "No; bother Verity. I mean this good mistress, who took me without a character— on Mr. Deane's word that I was clever and respectable—when I had been treated worse than a dog down in Lancashire. That's why you see me here, Miss Smith," she said; "is there anything wonderful about it ? What story can you make out of it that isn't fair and square ?" "You two together—and that ring of Verity's upon her finger," answered Mary Smith, pointing to Mrs. Craven as she spoke. Jane Rebchain was more self-possessed than her new mistress, or she had made up her mind what to say, after much preliminary listening on the landing place to the dialogue within. " Miss Verity's ring—what, that ?' It's not a bit like it, and that I can swear in any court in England. I saw the ring more often than anybody else, didn't I? Miss Verity's was a larger ring than that—bigger diamonds, brighter diamonds altogether." Mary Smith did not reply at once. This was the word of a woman who had already stolen a Russia leather bag, and would be very likely to have made off with a diamond ring, had the chance presented itself. It was pos sible that Verity had been robbed and deserted, if Jane Rebchain had had anything to do with the running away from home, and Foster Deane had been innocent of any complicity therein, as he had told Mr. Lovett on the night of the disappearance. And Jane Reb chain,. being in pecuniary difficulties, had sold the ririg to Mrs, Craven; it should have been easy to imagine that this was the miserable story, but Mary Smith did not think it was. There was a consciousness of something deeper, darker, and more desperate, and that these two women were afraid that she should know it. " Do you detain me here ?" she asked, at last, very coldly. "You can go if you will give us your word that " And then Jane Rebchain stooped, and an ex pression of dismay settled on her smudgy and stolid features. For a voice, deep and resonant, and which she recognised even before Mary Smith, seemed very close to her ears. "Is that you, Miss Smith—up there?' " The master!" ejaculated Jane Rebchain in a husky whisper. Mary Smith leaned quickly out of the window and looked down. On the pavement below was a broad burly figure, stick in hand, gazing up at her. The cab, which had been ordered to wait for her, was gone, and there was rain coming down in the dark streets; but it was Jonathan Lovett standing there below her, she was sure, vigilant and determined, and doubtful, like herself, if fair play were in tended. "Yes, it is I, Mr. Lovett." "Is there anything wrong 2" " I am a prisoner." "Keep where you are, then. Don't move from the window. Hi! police!" rang out with a stentorian shout which wa3 sensational enough at that time of the night and in that neighborhood, At the same moment a key grated m the lock, and Mary Smith turned quickly round, The room was empty. Mrs. Craven and Jane Rebchain, thoroughly scared at laBt, had stolen from the room and locked Mary Smith within it to gain time for their escape. Mary ran to. the door and battered with her hand3 against the panels; she took the poker from the fireplace and knocked upon the floor, remembering that she had heard voices in the room below her as she had passed it. Then the suspicion of confederates who might be acting with the others took her to the window again, where she stood, poker in hand, in case of accident. "They have locked me in!" called Mary Smith to Mr. Lovett, who did not hear her just theD, being already in deep conversation with a helmeted individual who was actually on the spot immediately that Mr. Lovett had called out for him, and to whom Mr. Lovett was now explaining the position of affairs in a high voice, and pointing to the window with his stick during his explanation. Half a dozen or a dozen loiterers were already by his tide, deeply interested, but getting rather wet. Mr, Lovett heard Mary Smith at last, and a peremptory knocking at the street door fol lowed immediately. There was no attempt made to resist enquiry, to ask for the autho rity which led strangers to invade a private domicile, to send them back for search war rants, or to deny the existence of any Mary Smith; the inmates of the whole house were on the alert, and they were respectable lodgers enough, and not in collusion in any way with Mrs. Craven or Miss Rebchain, and as curious as most folk. There was considerable tramp ing up and down stairs; voices began talking over balusters and on the lower landings; the street door was opened; the policeman and Mr, Lovett were asked to step inside by a stout motherly female of some nineteen stone, all of which trembled like a jelly; and Mary Smith was reminded of the general turmoil at the hotel at Scarletpool, and half expected to hear the old cry of "Fire 1" as a wind-up to the general proceedings. She had recovered her composure, had closed the window, and put the poker back into the fireplace before the door was unlocked and Mr. Lovett, panting a little from his upward progress, stepped into the room. " My dear," he said in a low muffled voice— and Mary Smith only remembered hours after wards that he had made use of this affectionate style of address—"to think I should have sent you into all this excitement and danger!" " How did you get here ? How did you know where I was?" asked Mary Smith. " I had my doubtB after you had gone away, and wondered whether it had been very wise of me to let you go; and Mrs. Dalrymple be gan to cry a good deal," said Mr. Lovett; " so I asked the man at the theatre doors some questions, and he remembered that the address he gave the cabman was in fWaterloo-bridge road, and I took a hansom and came on. I couldn't rest," he added apologetically; "I hope you don't mind." " I am very glad to Bee you. It is probable that I was not quite safe. But I don't know," said Mary Smith slowly. *' Where is the woman? Why did she lock you in ?" ; There were two—the one at the theatre and Rebchain." Rebchain!" " Yes. Where are they ?" "The policeman is looking, and some other people; they can't have got out of the house." But they had. They thoroughly understood the disposition of the premises and its various modes of iDgress and egress. They are oddly constructed houses in the Waterloo-bridge road we have already implied—one house erected upon another, as it were, and each not always a distinct and separate habitation; the bottom one descending from the level of the pavement in the main road to the level of streetB some forty feet below them—dark tortuous" streets, stretching along by the river . side right and left, crossed by the arches on which Waterloo-road is built, and forming a Conglomeration of small houses, broken up by huge wharfs, shot-towers, timber-yards, and dust contractors' premises. Floy Graven and her satellite, Jane Rebchain, had not thought it wise to stop and submit themselves to the indignity of further questioning. They had stolen quietly down flight after flight of stairs and.passed out of a back door in the extreme basement into the murky precincts of Belvidere road, where they vanished into the darkness like the ghosts that they were. (To be continued.) 