.' " I cannot say how the truth may ho : ; I say the tale as twas said to me." \- : ' -SIB WAI/TBB SOOTT. ' A Husband of the Period, í BY BEBECCÀ FOBBÉS STTJBGHS, " Author of " A Miserable Mistake," "A Terrible Crime," .« The Mormon "Wife," .« His Enemy's Daughter;" >- " Adam Talmaffe's Wife," eto, i (Begun in TOWN AND COUNTET JOURNAL of July 31.) CHAPTER XIII. ; Verona was alarmed at the change in Philip as the weeks went by, and no tidings of the missing wife were received. The Church sought to hide the mysterious disappearance from the knowledge of the Gentiles in their, midst; but it became known, and caused a great deal of muttering. The unbelievers did not dare to speak out boldly, for the , emissaries' of the Church visited sure and condign punishment upon ali who displeased them. Yet the whisper went'around that the unfortunate wife had been the subject of foul play. Perhaps Mr. Gay hadieft her in the hut alive, and perhaps he had not. It was a Btrange place for one to. take a delicately nurtured woman in such a storm, and expect her and a young child to survive. Then others contended that he might not have done the deed, perhaps was not even privy to it, hut the Church had dealt with the offender, for- the Apostles had sworn to check in subordination 5 since the advent of the railroad, and the coming of the unwelcome Gentiles in their midst, the women had been more difficult to manage. Springtime was approaching, and Philip had given up all hope. He never mentioned the subject any more to Verona, but she knew that he had not forgotten. There were times when he thrust her rudely away when she approached him, and scarcely replied to her'iemarks. Her dispo sition was not meek, and she resented his treat-: ment loudly. Why should he mourn for that woman and her child ? For her part, now that it was over, she was glad the termination had left her sole mistress of the heart and home of the man she had loved BO well.. v,. ; The matter was talked over in the Church., .The; leaders concluded that some action must be taken,; or the wealthy lawyer would apostatise ande-go. East. Brigham Young, ever ready for all emer gencies, suggested that he be sent to Washington on a mission concerning Borne points of the Go vernment policy. Philip accepted the mission readily. He wanted a change. .He could hot forget the innocent oyes of the ohild that had smiled in his faco ; they haunted him mojço 'per sistently than tho momory of his wife. ' Vorona was delighted. She made hasty but expensive arrangements for their sudden journey. Once away from Utah, and Philip's spirits would revive. By the time they were ready to return, people would forget to look at him suspiciously oh the street. She was not wholly mistaken. As she prophesied, by the time they reached thö capital, any ordinary observer would have sup posed that Philip was himself again. He began to think ho was not so guilty as-ho at first believed j what right had his wife to * defy the mandates of his Church ? If oho mot her death by liier own headstrong folly, was he always to* , mourn P " , L ' For the first few days he was quite contented in Washington. He met some of his old-time friends, who knew, nothing of his late .wife, and asked no special questions. They were à convivial set, and he joined them. Verona made no objections . when she came in contact with any of his friends, - she was aware.of Jheir;admiration,.and was not averse to a little flirtation in Philip's absence. One day, when coming out of one of his friend's lodgings, Philip met face to face the one man in . tine world that he most hated, the one man he ; moBt dreaded--Fletcher Arbuthnot. : ! i He sprang forward, grasped Philip's hand, and, r* exclaimed: ' ¡ .-...> < . ¡.: [ " Is it really you, Phil ! When did you come, ! and where from P" . ? ] "A few;days ago," was the surly response, hisv, face flaming with conscious guilt j ' " on business", for one of the Territories." , t-> . " And your wife-is she with you P" Fletcher ' continued. He hàd almost said " Muriel," but he. remembered how singularly Philip had appeared, ? and was certain that he had not outlived his jea- ' lousy j, as if he had need be jealous of so devoted a.wife.as Muriel had proven! , . -"She is here," Philip responded, ; stiffly, and r attempted to move on. * , Is she well P" he questioned. - .* ; ; "Perfeotly, thank you. Excuse me, I have an; - engagement,!" andlhe passed on. ?, I Fletcher gazed after him iii astonishment. He had not only failed to request him to call, he had 'treated him,with uncalled-for rudeness. I " He has not forgotten, that I urged the settle ment of the money," he thought. " I hope Muriel has never repented her-confidence in him^" ?" Í : ) > . Several times he tried to overtake Philip, but he > persistently avoided him. - He was determined tof I see Muriel before she left j though he was sp busyy ! he did not hasten. > >^, r,' v r;j 2. oj ¡c.) . ' One day he joined'à-'-niratiér.^ were standing in a group. .;"'. ; , , r ; ' ; 7v " Aré you acquainted with P|hilrGay ?'{óneíof them questioned. " I thought ?Ç sa^yow speaking * to him one morning, a whüe ago." , .' . ? ? " Yes," Fletcher assented. " I 'went 'to .school with him. By-the-way, what Territory does fà . represent while here ?" " ' ' ' ' ' t " ' ;, ^ ; " Utah," was the response. ' ,. - : . I; ".Utah !" Fletcher repeated, in surprise!.. '['.'> ./¿ " Have you séen his wife ?" another jone queried! ".She is the finest-looking woman jnl Washington this season, but a trifle fast.".-. ¿ ¿-'02' Fletcher scowled. How_dwe.^eX;Speak' in;: such a light manner of the wôn^^Ee:^^îça^ed';.' sister so many yearsP' jç.î^¿3, || " If you don't believe it, como up with us and make a call this ovening." '.}.:/'. "All right," Fletcher rejoined; and sb the hour was set. . . '/. . : [[ . '? } " He was sure Philip could not object to his cal ling in company with other friends. í All through the day his mind kept reverting unpleasantly to the remark his gentleman friend had made, although in reality his words might not mean anything worse than that Philip's wife was of a sprightly disposition. Yet that did not seem like his little sister. ,,, Tho evening carno at last. Fletcher met IIÍB friends, and made his way to Mr. Gayte .parlor. When they entered he looked around in disap pointment. Muriel was^ hot there. He had no time-to make comments, for a friend-said ¡ ; ' " Allow,me, Mrs. Gay, to present to you a par tioular friend of mino, Mr. Arbuthnot," ' ' . Fletcher bowed like one in a dream. What 'did .¿his meahP How could this'woman be -Philip Gay's .wife P-this dark, brilliant beauty, whose dreamy eyes looked quietly into his own without a gleain of recognition. His companion smiled, thinking, by the way in which he starod at tho wife of his old-time friend, thafrhe'lmüstfhäye fallen moat desperately in love with her. r... .... .,, ,. Philip was absent rJhe;bMgbnejta.'mefet a ççm mittee, Verona explained to them, and so the gentlem^npleaded another engagements took their leave. Once outside, the friend rallied Fletcher. ' "Don't show how hard you're struck,-Arbuth not, quite so plainly another ;V'ti'me/'^he said, jokingly. " I was glad Phil Gay was not present; might have made trouble, you know." . X Fletcher glanced up quickly. ; "My surprise was greater than you imagine," he returned. - "I amgoiñg:to'BÍde^hilip:Gay-pa. soon aa he leaves the çommittèé-rpôm£ ravel this mystery. Iwa3 äü.Philip .Gay's wedding; as best mah," he continued, " and was sure, of a warm greeting from his wife; When I met!,him on the street he tried to pass me iby, and now* I know the reason why." ; ¡ ; V; ¿ , . J'-fö' " And this is hot the mfe jqu haps his first-wife is dead Pf v ' . ,v/ y\\\ " If so, common oourtesy would have required him to havelhformedimëîvVS^ waru*-my adopted sister. This is in confidence, Day",' ' - - » Fletcher and his friend soon met a number of other gentlemen, and were busy discussing a bill thaü had just been presented i%theiHoüjé.;. Every. few moments their number was augmented by new arrivals, and " the'debate was going "Oh briskly, when Philip Gay, arm-in-armwith a new member, came strolling in.'.'." His face was flushed; he had found that a glass of wine helped to keep up his courage and his Spirits. .;: Fletcher walked over to him. At the- sight ? of his old rival, all . the bitterness ancL hatred of Philip's heart reasserted itself. . . " Where is Muriel? ' Fletcher demanded, sternly. " A party "or-your-fri^ call on you to night, and I found a strange woman there, who passed as your wife. I wish you to explain it." .../vi. . . . "Easily," Philip responded, with a sneering, laugh, all the passion in bia breast being awakened^; and the liquor in his veins making hirh móre..des-¡ perate than he would otherwise have beéhü "Have you" learned from1' what portion 6f thé¡ country I cameP"- . - ???í>^^-;¿«/-* ,.v,s%: :y'Yes." . .* * \Zt ,' r "* 'Fletcher's^ to^ corrugated ; but.Philip, was 'not, in!a;,coiiditióh ' to" takeV^ning, or d^^ dently brewing. ,?? ?./'., ^?^S^.^ ^ ^¡$¿¿¿fo\¿Áy¡. . 'íWe are permitted to take \as)<many^Avivès'.à8-' our taste requires. The one; you saw ibas evening was Mrs. Gay Number Two." í ; '??'¡¿'?¡?-y -:-^uty -'.c - The words .had scarcely' lef b/'hur lijj3^ buthnot had him bylthè thioäti "V ' , T. "1 " y. , "You miserable cur r' his!Cried;fuHouâly^: will throttle iyoxi 1" - ' ^¡jf^'-'^i^^h^^^^^í , He held on to his strugglingan^^iiiaiij-'tbie'' great vèins swelling on his foreheadj and passion visible in;every line. Several peraóns sprang for ward to separate them; bub' -they^saw^thatr^each' -t^n^a-s. doing,his best, toVgfet'.fiiie:;jbëtt^¿:'öf-.";tlie. other,: and that if thoy wërë would be done. ?-^y^^iy^^^y^^ "Come, Fletcher,"his Mend said, "for.. God's , aike, don't kill him !". VÎV'^^.^^UK^^^.^-. They were separated, and Philip's'''friendsled him away ; while all sorts of speculations became rife;\ What did the encounter mean ? . v ífc-was hours before Fletcher was cool . enough to think sanely. Never before had , his. temper been so stirred. And could that which Philip had said so openly ba true ? Had he really and truly so insuited and degraded Muriel as to in troduce another,, wife into and then bring the other wife to Wa3hin gton ? He would know;, he\neyer. would rest until the mystery waa solved. . vv.'..:;;? ',, ... "V!U] It waä useless to see Philip again. ; He was positive that if he once more got-his hands on the scoundrel he would murder him ; nothing should save hi 3 miserable life. 7 - ' : ' Aa soon as the business for which he came Was settled, he would proceed to Salt Lake Gity.;->Mu> riel should find she had one friend left who would riot allow her to become and remain thevicfítn bf an unprincipled wretch. He was so impatient to start, he could scarcely wait until the day came ; meanwhile the gossips had got hold of the story, and Washington society had gone wild over the latest . sensation. They had a real Mormon in their midst. The beautiful woman they had met was a polygamous wife. The one whom she sup planted was an old flame of the sedate Fletoher Arbuthnot. A meeting-a duel-was prophesied ; hut all were surprised when it was learned that, instead, Fletcher Arbuthnot had left town. Verona waa vexed that Phillp had allowed the world to know that she was only Wife Number Two. He waa angry when she upbraided him. "I am not ashamed of my religion," he re sponded, With a swagger. "I don't approve of people passing under false colors." But though he spoke so bravely to her, he was ill at ease. Ho was nob sure that Fletcher ' would go to Ulah to search for Muriel ¡ but if he did, and fouud under what suspicious circumstances BIIO had disappeared, ho was morally certain his lifo would bo in jeopardy. -. As faßt as stoam could boar, him, Fletcher hastened on his way to the scene of Muriel's un happy life. His blood boiled within him. He had never felt confidence in Philip Gay, but-he could not oven yet think ho was such a monster as his own words had led him to believe. Muriel must bo dead ; perhaps she had died of a broken heart -but that woman never could have been brought into her presence while she lived. 1 ^Arriving at Salt Lake City, he went directly to the homo of Philip Gay, although tho person whom he had asked to show him tho way had vo lunteered tho information that Brother Gay waa ih Wajhington. .Without waiting for farther information, he entered the house. The. woman in charge eyed him auspiciously., . . . . " I wish to see Mrs. Gay," he said, a nervous tremor passing over him. .?'/.; "Mra. Gayisih-Washington withhor husband," waa the responso. - ! í!ÍrhttVÜ Böeu that ludy" hQ returned. "Did ! not iii. Gay have a wife when he came here P" ? "Tea." '..';'. I " Where ÍB ehe ?" he demanded. ] [ The woman made no response. [ How ' did she know hut this man before her was bhîy a spy to' see how much she would gossip about the affairs of the Saints P-and it was hot a safe thing to be too free with comments. "I don't know,"she responded, slowly.7 " You must know !" he exclaimed; Is ehe dead P" Again the woman faltered. "You must tell me," Fletcher persisted. "I have come all the way from Washington to find out what became of my sister, and 1 will know." The woman eyed him curiously. "What is your name P" she queried. " Fletcher Arbuthnot." Again she hesitated. She remembered the natue well ; it had become a familiar sound during Muriel's delirium. This bronzed man was the friend she had called for so often. Dare she tell him ? -v. Fletcher guessed at the truth; The woman was. afraid to reveal any of the secrets of the members , of the Church. He drew a picture of Muriel from his breast-pocket, and showed ib to the woman. "See,this is the picture ! I am her friend. T^eU mej-whexel..can find her."' "The woman looked at it intently; a tear started in her, eye. ^f .Yé8,í that is her picture," she sighed. " I dare not talk to you; bub go down to the Gentile block and hear what they say. Tell no one that I sent you." .; . ; \\. . She then gave him directions as to the course to take, and ne passed out feeling that his worst fears were to be confirmed. He went into a store, and called the proprietor aside. He did not attempt to bring the conver Batl'önr"aröund-by - any "circuitous route; but told Min briefly who he was, and from whence and why heoame. " ' \ ' " If you belonged here I would scarcely dare to repeat to you what has b¿en the common topic," ithe man said ; fi and even now I run a risk. We !are nob safe hère to express dur opinions. If we i ¡do* .some serious calamity befalls us/' ,r ?-, Then he retailed to him all > he had heard of Muriel's fierce rebellion, her illness, and how she ref used" to become reconciled; her banishment to the cabin," arid the fearful consequences that followed. * . " Fletcher's face became' so pale, the stranger bhought he was about to faint; but he sprang to his feet. - . " * . ' 1 r--.- ;? ? r - ¡ "'< My God !" he cried ; "do you call yourselves men, arid.allow euoh hellish work to be' carried on P » .Was there no one to aid her in her hour of need?" ? _ - ; 'f You are too fast/' the man returnedj bitterly. /'Don't upbraid us. What are we. but; a mere handful to contend against a band of ; infatuated assassins? Blame your Government, whoBe troops can make war against the comp iratively harmless Indians every year-a Government-which will prosecute a man who Bteals a. .loaf of bread to keep his children from starvation, but which has no care for. us. . - ; Fletcher sat down again ; he was literally dumb and blind. The worst he had anticipated had ihot ' equalled this. He was unprepared for the ¡blow that had fallen. - ; ; " I will go; over the ground," he"said, slowly, " and see what I can ind. Then I vqw by all I hold sacred, Philip Gay shall suffer for his prime ! j Her.1 blood shall not call to me in vain !" ' ; The-merchant counselled him to proceed quietly on his search, or obstacles, undreamed-of, might jbe placed ; in his pathway ; ¿nd when' Fletcher beoame calmer, he agreed to be guided by what he was told. .- . ' ?.? .; ; The next morhihgthe procured a carriage; and wént''aloné pyer the ' desolate road that the girl ¡he loved; (hedid hob àfctémpt to hide the love from" ;him8elf ; now) ¡had been ; taken that, fataljmbrningï :He. could imagine the cold, biting storm-the tor ribio fear in her. poor heart. ; ; . " And a babe m her arms ! " he muttered, as tho hot taara blurred his eyes. "Can there be a God/ if such things go unpunished ?" Then he remembered all tho stories of crime that he had heard-the fate of the emigrant train, and the frightful bubohery of men, women, and children that took place then. ./ . , ? " And all these years their blood has gone un avenged!" ' The atrocity of the deed had never been so plain to his mind before. He drew up his boree and looked at the cabin. It stood as Philip had left it; no other foot had crossed its threshold, for by common consent it was supposed to! be inhabited by the ghost of tho woman who either was murdered or met her death in Borne other horrible way on that stormy night. He entered. The door was lying on the floor. The dead ^embers were in the fireplace." In the"' corner were fragments of clothing that had done duty for a bed. Beside those lay a small bundle ; he picked it up, while his whole frame shook with horror. Ho opened it. lb contained a handker chief with her name in the corner, a child's dres3, a pair of libtle Bocks, and a few bits of underwear. He looked them over, slowly, sadly, tenderly. '.'Her dear hands touched them!" he sighed. Then he went out to the door and looked around. Oh, how desolate, utterly desolate everything seemed ! It was a fitting place for such a crime. And as he gazed, tho years floated away. Again her face smiled upon, him as on that fearful night when Philip was brought to their cottage. Ho groaned aloud. " Ob, cursed pride that kept my tongue tied ! Had I sought to win her for myself before that traitor came, she would bo living now." Around and around the cabin he passed slowly, carefully, but there wero no signs of a orime to meet his eye. Then he re-entered his carriage, and rode slowly on. The merchant had told him of the search Philip had made, but he believed that only a ruse to blind the eyes of the Gentiles. He had no doubt but the managers of tho Churoh were privy to the "deed, and had arranged the details for the husband. ' (70 BB CONTINUED.) 