The Salvation ' Army.' ATTACK ON PARRAMATTA. THE CHINESE BRIGADE. The full strength of tbe ' Army' under the com mand of 'Adjutant ' Hawkins, A.D.C., and other staff ' officers,' accompanied by a number of friends, attacked Parramatta on Friday, and with flags waving and bands playing, took up their head quarters in the Town Hall, whence they distributed themselves over the town and park in various-sized groups, numbering from tho loving two to tbe family dozen. At 2 p.m. the 'Army' reassembled and marched round the town, and into the park, when a grand 'tournament ' was held. After a ' good old time ' the army marched back to the hall, where a great spread of cakes and tea was attacked in quite as energetic a manner as the arch-fiend had been. Indeed, if the enemy would only surrender as readily as the viands, the millennium would soon arrive. After the tables had been cleared, a 'monster' meeting was held, and certainly the eight was an imposing one. The large hall must have contained about 1200 persons, men, women and children, and the greatest good order prevailed. The usual *' testimonies ' were given of the usual parrot type, and several persons, evidently impressed, went for ward and professed to be saved. In the midst of the proceedings all handkerchiefs were taken out and energetically swung round to the shouts of a hymn. The effect was picturesque in the extreme, and was equally beneficial, as the handkerchiefs acting as so many 'punkahs,' perceptibly cleared the heated air . A collection was taken up by ' Irish Kate.' The Adjutant said that he would introduce the Chinese Brigade. (' Praise God.') They wore going out west to wash the devil, but instead of handker chiefs they would have pigtails to wave. There were eight Chinamen on the platform who stood np, and two came forward, and led by ' Captain' Gilmors, from Waterloo, sang- 'Bock of Ages.' 'Sergeant 'So You then said, 'Oh, I am glad to-night, brethren and sisters! Oh, I am glad to-night! My heavenly Father very good to-night. I come my country seven years ago. No religion my countrymen bave. I say to them mine. Some kickee up a low; some swearee. I say no use. I pray God save your soul. They said ' Have no souL' Thank God, good night. By and bye me go my country ; me teach 'em Christ ; by and by all my countrymen saved.' ' Private' Ah Tee made a 'testimony,' which, translated, was that he was very glad to be there. God had made them all with white hearts, whatever the color of their skin might be, and he was glad he was saved. ' Cap tain' Gihnore then mentioned a eoll-known China man in Albury (Peter Wang Yow), who was saved, and intended to sell his all and carry the gospel among his countrymen. A New Caledonian next recited his experiences. ' I'm bom. not white ; but now I'm born again, a child of God. I thank God to- night I'm. saved. God biess you and make you a child again.' The Adjutant said -. 'Now for the converted free thinker, who shot the man's horse.' The converted one said : ' Oh, I have been shooting the devil now for ten months, and I like it better than shooting horses. Once, when in the bush, a neighbor's horse used to come after a little pony of mine and lead it astray. So one day I said, * I'll go home and shoot that horse and I did. Well, about a week afterward, the owner came down and said, ' Have you seen my horse i ' 'Well,' said I, ' your horse was here a while back, and I saw a horse in the gully to- day.' , I came to Sydney and was saved. So I then wrote to the man and told him what I had done. Well, one day I was sitting on a platform when I saw two 'traps' coming near me. ' Hello,' said I, * I'm in for it; however, he only charged me £2 10s for the horse. Thanks be to God.' A converted reporter next recorded his happiness, and received a ' volley.' The ceremony of presenting the colors to the Par ramatta corps was proceeded with. The adjutant, in making the presentation, explained that the blue on the ontside was the emblem of purity and holiness, the red in the centre was emblematic of the precious blood of Jesus Christ, and the yellow star represented the living fire of the Holy Ghost. He exhorted them to follow the emblems of their fiag, to take it into the byways 'and slums of the city, and to so mould their lives that they would be the means of saving many precious souls. He then presented the colors to ' Captain' Pratt and ' Cadet' Manning in the names of the Lord and Saviour Jesus Christ, and of ' General' Booth and ' Major' Pollard. The ' officers' accepted their charge in a few words, and the meeting closed with prayer, and the singing of a hymn. The whole party then proceeded to the train, there being an entire absence of the larrikinism which so disgraced last year's meeting. Either through in ability to prevent it, or indifference to the comfort of other travellers, the railway authorities allowed the carriages to be packed in a disgraceful manner. Men, women, and children, were huddled on the top of one another like sheep, and the platform was crowded, contrary to the rules, and in a manner dangerous to life. Either the cars should have been locked when decently full, and the overcrowding prevented, or if more second- class carriages were not available, the passengers should have been transferred to the first class carriages, of which there were two American cars, with only about twenty people in them. 