V Table U\\. [umoured that our Into Governor, the Marquis of [by is engaged to marry a lady from Now South 1 Can It bo truo ? | » * *. . |roude's "Oceana, or Impressions of Australia," I'ous production, Mr, Sorvloo, under the glow rof Froudo, develops Into a philosopher at tho liable of Sir Henry Brougham Looh, IVe all |at Mr. Sorvloo wns on authority on tea and a well as Federation and Annexation, but Froudo recalls what Sorvloo thinks of Perloles and Mr, Sorvloo, Froudo reports, Is not satisfied [are has boon an upward moral progress oorres with tho material progress of tho world, (up hia volumos of Groto's Greece, or perohanae jjs tear, Mr, Sorvloo Is dissatisfied with things |nt, I remembor that Mr, James Smith, of tho [once doveloped tho same .idea in a leoturo ho Ithc Princess Theatre, Melbourne, on " Tho Frog Or," I'noi'DE lived altogether in tho highest society, Jliia Australian experiences. Nothing hut Go , Baronets, and Lords. I am afraid he. was |ng like M. Potion, who was sent over from;| I during the first revolution to obtain a full. Ending oi English law. Ho obtained it by: jfor three days in the court of the Old Bailey.' Inever mixed with tho Australian people; He. led by a visit to Ballarat and Bendigo, but these, 1 places where the Australian demoeraoy is to be; juxG affected Mr. Fronde so much as tho beau«| Ignation of Lady Augustus Lof tus, in her banish pom the refined society of .Berlin and St. Peters-' |that of Sydney, whore she oould find no one,fit; jciate with, although she delighed all by her , jiyantl condescension, Here the pen of Pxoude j 1 involuntarily renoh clown Thackery's " Book* After all, the matohless historian, Froude,j : recording traveller), not much above Finch-;I 'greatly inferior to Hike, and not to be.named; • breath with Hopworth Dixon. • # ♦ - ■« I bet o£ Hr, Sorvico, President of the Federal' ;mi aving rea^ the inaugural address before: nCl Waa fw'tanUy opened by Sir George j luceused the Tasmanian ■ Governor,; scarcely be prevailed on to attend after- i " Onb who knows " aonds mo the following playful lottor, but wliloh nevertheless has a deeper moaning !— " In my usual ramble down CJolllns-stroot the other morning I met first tho Govornor of South Australia, then the Hon, T. Downer (the Premier) j further down I tumbled over tho Ohief Justioo of that colony, and since thon have oome aoross a number of others moro or. loss. Influential South Australians, What Is tho meaning of all this ? Has Adelaide beooma too hot for these gentlemen ? Or is thero a political significance In such a stampode to Ylotorla? Being rather an Indifferent hand at solving riddlos, and yet- anxious to arrive at the truth of this mysterious migration, I naturally sought an interview, but unfortunately I had boon forestalled by the Indefatigable dally papors interviewers, who for onco failed in their attempt. What was to be done? Happy thought. I bent my steps to the private consulting rooms of a well-known "medium." Having at an enormous saoriflco suc ceeded in procuring a look of hair from tho " head " of the South Australian Cabinet, I am now in a position to give you the solution of the great mystery whioh has hitherto Burrounded the movements of our exalted S.A. visitors. As you are no doubt aware our southern neighbours are, and have for some time past, hoen in what I would call the " dolldrums "—no money, no wheat, no copper, no races—In short, there Is a financial crisis, Sir Wil liam Robinson, whom we all admire as a man of note, tried, but in vain, to amuse the South Australians with a selection of his compositions. The banks, however, do not soem at all disposed to accept His Excellency's notos as currency, Besides, one bank has stopped pay ment. # * * . A man of the name of Smith has inveigled the Par liaments to vote a sum of £82,000 towards a Jubilee Exhibition. The expenditure of that money in Mr. Smith's opinion will afford relief to the unemployed. Yet the horizon is cloudy, and with its immense terri tory, the sister colony is gradually sinking lower and lower into a perfect slough of despondency. Now comes the salvation. At a secret meeting held in Ade laide a few weeks ago, it was decided that the Gover nor, Acting-Governor, Premier, and other publio men should proceed to Victoria by separate roirtes—meet in "Marvellous Melbourne" as if by chance, and in a most diplomatic manner approach the rulers of this flourishing colony and propose "Amalgamation 1 " * * * Yes, amalgamation 1 And after all, if you will consider the idea calmly and solemnly, you will admit that it is not a bad one. South Australia has too muoh land. We have hot enough. We have gold, energy, and Yankee lam—throe vory Important olomonts o£: auoooas which clo not exist with our neighbours, And last, though not least, wo oan offor Mr. Smith n splondld building and parlc to hold his Jubltoo Exhibition in, without on oroaohlng on tho oxohoquor of tho colony, Tho carry ing out of this sohomo might bo temporarily, delayed by our present change of Government, and the goneral oloctlons, but I hopo it will moot with the approval of tho now Parliament. • The annexation of South Australia to Ylotorla must necessarily benefit both. Tho only suggestion I would like to make Is, that while wo aro about It wo might just as well also annox Wostorn Australia—a colony where a little of tho Victorian energy and go-a-hoadlsm are much wanted. This little game should bo playod whilst our venorable mother is In-a state of muddle on tho other side of tho Murray. Queensland did annox Now Guinea on hor own aooount, why should not Vic toria annex something ? " /Sin Charles Dilke Is ooming ogain to Aus tralia. "Wo will bo till curious to seo Lady Dilko« Sir Charlos can hardly loavo hor bohind, aftoir thoir l'ocont romantic marriage. Mr. Gladstone has unac countably turned rusty, and will not let Dilke into the Oabinot. I fancy some nowspapor pens must have been sharpened in London over that divorce case. Dilke is a Radical and Republican. Of course ho will write home from Melbourne to his friend, Ghamborlain, that nothing can exoeod the violence of Republican spirit in Australia. What wo wish we bolievo. Froudo looked through yellow spectacles, and Dilke will look through green ones. It is rather hard that publio opinion should not be so favourable to Sir Charles Dilke as Mrs. Mark Pattison's was. It will be remembered that no sooner was Sir Charles Dilke's name mixed up with the Crawford soandal, than Mrs. Pattison, then in India, hurried to her lover, and wai_ married to him right away. No action could have been more profoundly-eloquent of the affection and trust with which the lady regards Sir Charles. And we all know how keon ladies are to see the right and wrong of such matters, and how acutely they can weigh evidence for and against. Tho attitude taken by tho wife of Sir Charles, should be more ■con vincing than any examination in the Court of Divorce, No man of the world would , need more convincing proof of innocenoe. When a man's wife refuses to bey lieve in his guilt, and holds him clear of suspicion, it is rank obstinacy to doubt. Any person who iruiy tuko tho trouble to road Lord Randolph Ohurohlll's spaoahas during tho raoant olaotoral oampalgn In CI rout Britain, will poroolvo that ho has a dainty talant for Invoatlva, Ho spoaks oE Mr. Gladstone as " an unkonnallod fox," " a purblind and sanotlmonlous Phut'lsao," "that ovll and moonstruck minister," "'tho Molooh of Midlothian," Tho lattor shot has tho morlt of allitoratlon, Horrlok tolls us .that i— " Words bogot arigar, angor brings forth blows, Blows mako of doarast friends Immortal foos," , ■ And this truth Is Intonslllod whon tlioro Is no frlond . ship In tho oaso, But an old abuso-hardonod person i llko tho G rand Old Man oan aiford to smllo at tlio prow Irigs of tho young oookorol oE Marlborough, " Our army sworo terribly In l''ianclors," says Unalo Toby, and ho jnfors that thoir oaths woro so muoh sonsoloss uttoranoos of thoughtless troopors, Tho Invoatlva of tho ordor wldoh Lord Randolph Ohurohill dollvors Is llkoly to do ' him mora: ltavm than good, Itoortaluly doos not ap provo Its author to sonslblo auditors, ' A LADY oorrospondont sonds mo tho following s— " Wo hava boon having somo mild dissipation horo i a now foaturo having boon introduaod into pollfcloa In tho form of lady onnvassors A ta Lady Ohurohill. Tho Mayoress of a largo suburb liaa" latoly boon amongst ua working hard-for lior-husband's oauso, and haa loft olmrmlng romlnlaoonooa 6f lior graoo and ologanoo. Won't It bo nloo whan we are allowed to voto? Than wo shall bo ran aftor by tho Lords of tho Clroatlon," My Lord Tonnyson bids fair to pfovo of his gonlua tho very opposlto of tho quotation i— " Ago oannot wlthor her, nor ouatom atalo Her infinite variety," Ho has certainly lost tho " hang " of tho vorao whloh used to charmna all, Hla laat work la Satyr to Hyporlon Indeed I It la oallod "Tlroalaa and other pooms," and la what dried apples in a pudding aro to tho fresh fruit. There la a woeful laok of marrow In tho vorao, whloh la .unhappily oast in the same mould in whloh his early and virile pooma were formed. Wliother boing made a lord dulls the bright wit which mado the commoner illustrious, or whethor a lord may on joy the privilege shadowed forth in Pope's essay on Criticism— " But let a Lord onoo own tho happy linos, How the wit brightens 1 how the stylo refines," 1 will not pretend to determine, Tho faot, howovor, Is patent—my Lord Tennyson, wero he to commence the world anew with the feeble wit he now seems to possess, would not earn his salt as poet laureate to Moses and Sons. There are a dozen Bohomians on tho Melbourne Press, who. would bo ashamed of tho following :— " O 1 .mad for tho charge and the battle wore wo, Whon our own good redcoats sank from sight, Like drops of "bloocl in a dark grey sea : And wo turned to each other, whispering all dis mayed, . . Lost are the gallont throe hundred of Scarlett's Brigade," . I could better this stufE myself. Hero goes " O 1 fierce the throbs of our hearts, when we, Watched our good redooats sink from sight, Like drops of blood in a dark grey soa : And we shuddering, groaned, and each man prayed, To the Lord of Battles, for Scarlett's Brigade." This is quite as good as Tennyson — whoso only . good line, yon ■ will observe, I preserve intact. Nay nay : A wig may bo ever so clover a work of art, but it is a poor substitute for a crop of hair ; and Tennyson's Poetry " of late is so bald that no tonsorial talent at his command can conceal the fact. ;; 'V \; i i #,.■ - y..' ; I hear that "young Jimmy Wilson" intends per manently removing his horses from Plemington, and, with this view, has?-purchased a pieao of ground for, stables adjacent1 to the St. Alban's estate, He will train his horses on his father's > tracks, and so the poor fools of tipsters will bo treated to more mystification Aft nil tho world fiTul his wlfo unci childrpn tiro tiwnro, to-morrow (Saturday) wo ahull huvo thut protllosb ol! nil rtiooa, bhoNowmurkob Huiulloup, run on the Flem ing ton straight. 01! tho hundrod still lotb in, I. um most partial to Mtiluu, SUvormlno, William Toll, Oudols, St, John and Jitunna, and to pluoo thom i shall vutlol hato bluisly i—Mulun i,Oudols 2, Juunna ll, / • # • j •• ; I suai/d oxpoob to soo Shoot Anchor and Hoglnuld light out tho Masondon Stakos, Philip Augustus wll* just pip Macldollna and Ohosham for tho Asoot Yalo Stakos, and Mntolitoak will appropriate tho St, Logor, whilst Sam Martin will bo about In tho Drunswlok Stakos with tho aid ol! All Gold, ' OK Thursday noxb -tho Australian Gup, two milos and a quarter, will soo a groat light £or plaoos botwoou Mooushoo, Graoo Darling, Wlnohostor, Matohlook, and Allluonoo, and I llko thom in thoordor wrltton, From tho work I havo soon lior do with Matohlook, I think' Galatoa will haro most to say at tho 'ilnlsh of tho Oorlnthlan Oup, I hmar that tha valuabla stucls of soma of our young bloods will bo " sent up " in a week or two. A short llfo and a morry ono. Ono Important and olassio raao pulled out of tho fire and lioro ends tho story,.. Bad luok has most persistently stuok to tho oolors, and it is much to bo rogrottod that ono will not seo much more of thom af tor tho Autumn Mooting of tho V.B.O, I heaji, on good authority, that tho " English Book maker," us the motallioian of tho Titania lungs is best known by, intonds retiring tg tho old country with somo fourtcon or fifteen thousand Australian sovereigns. Tho woll-known proprietor of tho Sandrldge Bond stables also oontomplnl.es a visit to tho . homo of his birth, ' la* is well known that the astute Captain Mnaholl has long had an animus against the ohampion jockey of tho world, and it is supposed to bo a lovoller at the Tinman that has induced him to table .on tho minutes of the Jookey Club, a notioo of motion to tho offoot that jookeys shall bo handicapped, It is satisfactory to find that there is not the very smallest show of tho "waiting captain " carrying his point. 1 wonder . what Tom Ilalos, Alox, Bobortson, Mick O'Brien, eb hua genus would say if such a movomont, wore proposed on this sido of-the lino. It seems that at last tho oyos of the committee of tho Victorian Coursing Club have boon opened to tho folly of making stakes for the pure oxolu sivonoss of their own wealthy members. It was so apparont that tho smallest entry money stakes initiated by Messrs. J. B. Soott and "VV. S. Cox were gaining the popularity that l once was possessed by the premier olub, above that the lattor have now had tho sense to in oludo a stake, in their new programme for every day's ooursing, with the entry money only a aouple of sovs. Coursing may thus once more have a' chance of looking up as a national sport, even as it was when it 'was. looked upon as being fashionable to own and run long tails. An notion, B. Leo versus Austin Saqui, which will shortly come on for hearing in the Supreme Oourt, is just now causing considerable sensation amongst sporting,men. The action, which is for the recovery of £2000 for • slander, is decidedly very peculiar. Ac cording to the plainti£E,'ho made a wager last year with' Mr. Saqui, the bookmaker, on two " doubles," taking on each bet £1000 to £8. One of these doubles was; Nordenfeldt and Sheet Anchor. Mr. Lee alleges that he gave Mr. Saqui a cheque for £6 at the time tho bet was made, and that Mr. Saqui wrote the particulars of both wagers on Lee's cheque butt and signed his name. Nordenfeldt and Sheet Anchor won the Derby and Oup respectively, and Lee claimed his £1000, but Saqui refused to pay, alleging that the writing on the butt of Lee's cheque-book was a forgery. Hence the aotion for slander against Mr. Saqui. T'.U la further abated that Mr, j(00 the agtlon for hUuuIqi', sought to WcmiKn j the V.U.O., In ovdov to bo enabled toliiiJlj before tlvo aommlttoo, but ho was kc|lt Cll(' moans or other. Another curious witter |nft'J with fclila otiao la that Mr, Saqul notiiaUy |4|tj Sergeant Oorbotb, of llotlium, over tho , unci why ho ahould rotuso to pay Mt, l,ce Inexplicable, us Mr, Suqul luvs always l#^ name on tlio turf, On tlio othov band, bhoro was no doubt whatever that Mr, i oolvod the ohoquo from Mr, Loo, X'.r waa grievous to road, in a Melhoutuod.uijl paper last wook, about tlio downfall ottbewJ orabwhllo gay upon the Hags in front ol Tut] with"" 'I'hlB 0up 1 want to lay," "3toltH< now recluood to pawn his wife's clothes lot bail lng up n'aubaiatonoo by touting for another V/aJ on gabo-monoy racooourses. My Imprcjsien hi ' that, aa aoon as a bookmaker was oust ovete barrol from a ship In Hohson's liny, nmUlrifeil ab Sandrldgo, ho was thonooforth made for life, f DnoiriNCl into Mnrlow's, the other duy,| now colors of tho Australian olovon, ami ve,, and oileotivo thoy are too, Nothing likethewret Incongruous shades that distinguished the p, conquering teams.' Simply red, white, and t stripes about an inch and a quarter wide, it are especially protty and effective, ami have it; gram M.0,0. on tho frout In whlto silk, ♦ * * And writing of tho Australian eleven remis that all hopo of the oommlttoo selecting a I man Is at an ond, Boylo was the man gt soleotod by tho publlo, but tho JI.C.C, will on! liomo "tho old mombora" to cope with the willow wioldors, * * * I HAVE roooivocl, from tho Melbourne llicjdi an invitation for tho socond Amateur Inter: Bioyole Raoo Mooting, which is to take ph Snturday, Mnroh 27th. Tho invitation ciw the most unique specimen of the printer's art soon. Tho programme contains many races olii Especially tho throe miles event, for which t« priao consists of a trophy valuo 100 guineas,pa by Mr. Thos. Gaunt. Tho best riders irom t jacont colonies havo announced their intcot coming over to competo ; and Mr, M, llrowrte, England's oraok riders, will make his first apje Should tho woathor hold up, and favor this club with a flno day, I oxpect to seo tire lnws'< that lias evor congregated on tho .Melbourne < Ground to witness the .most exciting bicycle > over held in tho colonics. • 11' cannot help admiring tho inclepemte j Quiok in refusing to join the new Jlinbtry M ber;Quick as a bustling little reporter, and H bo mounted I After delighting the soul of tt«| able Haverfleld—tho fathor of the goldfield'sprf the Eondlgo paper, Quiok migrated to the -f/j onustio pen furnished the Age with such arep-'jJ Presbyterian Assembly as never appeared in au/J except when that late clever writer, liatw,'f the same body onoo in the Argus, Quick twf regular* nest of hornets about his ears, * * * * * . When Dr. Quick first dashed into the fcj ■ candidate for Sandhurst, Davicl Syme foolish, vory foolish of the misguided J011"?11, ho got in, and. made a flaming speech bywa^'j hoping he might be " buried in oblivion , ■proved false to his .pledges, That's whatthef^ when they are caught young, but Qilick ^ faithful. The case was tho same with 10, Quiok. • When Mr. Syrne discovered as akbrilliant writer, he had no idea that ever develop in any other capacity. J'1* J able man ; and almost solely to he crc<'''* of the Ago, Yob hie judgment ■mmWIItlM of mon la not good, Ho hud JawHrto Kicking toxlllm "" loftdo1' wl'i(itu' o£ ftn avonW BiS'0voi'iliulo.H< Jnrillna was hold vory cheap, anct H|t0 migrate to tho Argun, J ■ H * * ■( (utS i^gii a good tiamo to Hall under; oh the HL j.rt!1Sl Koui' Smith's htvvo oxoollocl i Jathos/ MUi mid (funy tlio bakor, Tbroohuvo gonoj ■know but that Homy was as clover as any. Jj ■ ftcqimlntntioo as tlio Ago sub-odltor j a fero«; Hook oyod iimn In a rod Crimean shirt, turned up; Ht'lbovvs, whlla ho ponnod suoh slaughterous ■ nM even flco. I'nton oould not quite roach, But1 ■.Smith when on tho Argun was a different oron,-; ■ swell of tlio first wator, How tho pubilo la K} lender writers, who chop and change about Rouscrvidvo to Llboral, and vtoo iwrm, just as It' Kir book, Mr, Justice Hlghlnbotham edited the Bur n good H'lillu boforo it christened him Hobos.' B The pungent Age leader writer usod to ho Bf tlio Argun, ; i ■ * ■severest eommont on tho Insolvency of Mr, Hj ■cr (•'rnuklyn was mndo by one of tho daily! I which gnvo an analysis of the Insolvent's He. Such dobts as tho following Big Bros., tailors ... v, £25 7 q ilries, boootmakor U 2 0 IDentivloh, tobacconist ,,, 15 18 0 ?D, U'hlti, wine morohant... 12 17 0 I,grace to a man of the Franklyn typo of flnan I Imvc nothing to say about Mr. Ifranklyn'a ncy, n3 It will bo inanagod far bottor by; sham, with whom I can promise Mr. Franklyn pcricncc, what tho Krcnch oall "a bad (quarter our" In tho Insolvency Court. ■ But really it ls a; c that such a proud and high- minded gentleman' not havo paid his bootmakor and tailor, and 1 the best shilling Havaunahs at the expense of of the raombovs of tho lato 111-fatod -Groorly Expedition was Corporal Whistler, a younger rof tho lato Olnronoo Whistler," known In San 3co as tho " Kansas Cyclone." * * # s U'E3T, tho dauglitor of the British Minister to nitcd States, Is an oxompUcation of the axiom, II will toll," Although very young, and just re from the rigid govornmont of a, convent, this lady has taken her plaoo as head of her father's lold with as calm oonfldouce a3 might a lady of ■ years and worldly experience, The. exigencies a a position are ovldont, and it goes without say at only a deep sense of being the right person In |ht place, could onablo this young and inexpori giil to acquit herself so well, under the critical f h ashlngton society, ' Il.oril Cairns, bettor known as Lord . Garmoylb |gs the cvoclit of surpassing tvny previous attempt hgiving. At a ball lately given "by him in! j», the guests sat clown to a supper at twelve Pi to a second at four o'clock, and , partook of Bast at six o'clock In tko morning. 1 * * * jl.oxnos correspondent writes that , tlio ,new |bl Bank intends to pay*the creditors of. the .old |W Bank all their claims in full, The aroditors ifw obtain 3 per cent, debentures for the "balance lit claim, . . .• . J I . * ■ftx the king of the Maoris was in England he jjsttl to advocate the oauso of temperance on his to Maori land. So ho has. There, are now Maoris who would now wear the blue ribbon if | td a button hole to fasten it in. I'hrnunt I'atcjhett Mahtin, . the author of Ft Girl Graduate," has married a widow, 'Mr, f " & 'rt°toor of Mrs. Arthur Garner. Particulars I1, Martins mavriage are published in an adver |cntonpagegj .1 AM informod that Mr, Lumsdon who married Miss Ifalrbalrn lust) wook, Is nob tho son of Lloub.-Gonoral Sir Harry Lumsdon, bub bho son of a publisher, .It is» howovor, strango that bho only u Sirs" rnonblonod In blio mosb rooonb books are Sir Putor Lumsdon, and Sir Harry Lumsdon, Who Is Sir Qoorgo Lumsdou? # * # ""I AM snrprisod to hoar that bho fashion of ladles smoking olgarobtos Is fnsb gaining a fooblng In fashion ablo olrolos In Mngland, Novortholoss, suoh Is tho oaso> as I hoar , that at Lord Salisbury's, ab Hntflold, bho 13 u lea and IDuohoss of CJounaught a shorb tlmo ago, alitor , lunohoon, smoked olgarobtos, wldoh woro handed round to all tho guosts, * * # 'PixjiBB sooms a small numbor for a oonoort oompany, yob the Mlssos Christian and Mr, Arraos Boaumonb aro making a most sitooossful tour through tho principal oltlos of Now Zealand, lb should bo statod that bho small bub talonted troupo aro undor tho managomontof Mr. B." S. Smytho, who, having no omlnont looturor on hand, has robumod for a shorb tlmo to his old occupa tion of oonoort managor, * * ■ # This latost phase of tho groat Sharon Divoroo Oaso, which has boon fully glvon In tho Melbourne papors ab. different tlmos, is that tho laciy who olaims to bo the widow of tho lato millionaire married, on January 7th, Judgo Torry, of San JTanolsoo, who is uoarly 70 yoars of ago, Tho doath of Sonator Sharon stopped, for a time at least, the most extraordinary divorco oaso that has ovor boon hoard. FnOM.a lottor which I hare roaoived from M. Max O'Roll, tho author of John Bull and his Island, it appoars that this distinguished Fronahman is likely to visit Australia early next year. Tho following are a few oxtraots which are of publia intorost : " London, ldth January, 1880, ... As tho correspondent of several Parisian and American papors, I do not know whotlior I should bo able to leave England for a considerable time, although I should bo do lighted to have an opportunity of making tho acquaintance of tho Australian Branch of that won derful firm, John Bull and Company. I am con templating looturing in America next autumn, 1 have had so many invitations to visit Yankoelnnd, that I have almost mado up my mind to start, with my wife (a talontod daughter of John Bull) at tho ond of August, I have now just finished tho first part of a most successful looturing tour in England ; and on tho 20th instant I shall start on tho second part, in tho North, Scotland and Iroland. If one day, I should bo fortunate enough to visit Atistrnlia, I shall bo glad to lecture there. Of course I might be inducod to go after finishing my American tour. , . . Would Maroh or April be a oonvonient time for arriving? . . . My brother- in-law Dr. Bartlott, who is sottlod and married at Oowra, New South Wales, has often charmed us with his descriptions of Australian life and soenory.' Holders of shares in tho Gas Company are very uneasy over the now Shops and Factories' Act. Closing at 7 o'olook means that no gas will bo required by shopkeepers in summer, and in winter only for an hour or two. Tho loss of half-an-hour, through the Hotels dosing at 11.30, also means loss of dividends to gas shareholders. * # * I HAVE received the following letter:—"To tho Editor of Table Talk. Sir,—With reference to the allusion to tho Molbourno Athenroum in your last issue, bo good enough, to allow me to assure you that the Committee of the Institution strive to bo as wide awake as possible to the interests'.of the subscribers. If it is true, as your contributor says, that magazines aro,vto be had earlier elsowhero than at the Athenreum, .we must wake -up our agont. Thanking your contri butor for his kind intentions, and hoping to secure his good word in the future, I remain, the Secretary of tho , Melbourne Athenreum." * ' * , Ghano, the Chinese giant, is said to have invested £10,000 in an Australian gold mine. A San Francisco paper says that "many giants of other countries have had similar experience, and looked very small after the crushing," Oui.'id Is (i democrat, Ho shoots his arrows to right and lot't, oaroloss whothov thoy ponotrato the bosom of hlgli born bounty, or through tho ohoap oorset of Sally tho oook, Yot whllo we llnd the,woes and agonies of tho one to bo romanco, wo discover In tho other somo thlng ridiculous and laughable. For hutunoo, who has wopt ovor tho talo whloh aomos to us from Sydnoy about tho suloldo of Wllllatu Waldook, a ooaoliman 1 William lovod Clathorlno Hlokoy, a housemaid. But his passion was not roolprooutad, so ho procured a pistol, and Booking tho oruol fair, blow outhls——woll, we'll say brains, as a mattor of oonvonlenoo, Porhups It was about tho best turn William Waldook oould do liimsolf and sooloty, and if Clathorlno Hlokoy Is a sonslblo domostlo, sho will hardly grlovo ovor the fato of such a noodlo. A woman cannot think muoh of a man, who so far dospalrs of winning lior, that ho not only throws up tho spongo, but atso gives up tho ghost. Tjus Influonoo whloh a fortutmto marrlago holds ovor a man's fortunes has raroly boon moro graphically dis played than in tho oaso of Mr, J, Honnlkor I-Ioaton, now mombor for Oantorbury, in tho House of Com mons. Thoso who possess tho honor of an aoquaintauoc with this distinguished illustration of Popo's axiom, that " no oroaturo smarts so little as a fool," will not bo disposed to rogard his good fortune as tho duo of his talents. As a mnttor-of- faot, a more aommonplaoo noodlo than Mr. J. Honnikor Heaton novor hung on to tho skirts of tho Press. But ho has that wondorful faoulty of adhosion which onablos the limpot to resist tho most strenuous offorts to dotaoh it from a rook. And so ho has thriven whore othor mon lmvo failod most dismally. Ho took advantage of an Introduction into tlio lato Snmuol Bonnott's houso to woo tho Into Samuel Bonnott's dnuglitor, I don't think that tho lato Sanauol Bonnott viewed this proceeding favorably, But Mr, Hoaton managed to force his position. Ho was married to Miss Bennett, Miss Bonnott's papa dlod, and loft lior a slinro in tho newspapor properties ho had forwarded with such toll and talent, And now, Honnikor kicks up his heels as mombor for Oantorbury, I wonder if ho ascribos his luck to its roal souroo 1 I fancy not j but think that ho will pose boforo his wlfo as tho author of his own fortunes, and claim hor ad miration and applauso, For truly, I know one Hon niokor, and (that ho has not brain enough to echo in sincority Oongreve's jest, " 1 am a fool, I know it j and yot, God holp me, I'm poor enough to bo a wit." How ever, ho is in good company, and I daro say will ruffle it with tho rest of the modiocrlty. As a voting machine ho has a value. Not long ago a young man called upon a Paris doctor and asked him whether his unale, whom the doctor had attendod for many years, was not failing very fast; " for," he said, " wo notico that wlionever he plays picquot, he will insist upon making ten points too many, and nothing that wo can say will persuade him that ho is mistaken. Is not this a very bad sign V Tho clootor, smiling, assured him that ho had nothing to fear (or hope) upon that head : " but," ho added, " if your undo should bogin making ton points too few send for mo at onco." A NEW way of paying old debts is reported from Paris. A butter merchant in tho Central Markets owed his landlord several quarters' house-rent, and, finding that he was about' to bo turned out, he arranged that his wife, who was young and attractive, should ask tho . landlord, who was old and ugly, but amorous, to oome . and see them to receive the money. Upon his arrival ho found the wife .alone, and she was so playful in hor ways that tho landlord thought the shepherd's hour had arrived for him. But no sooner had he impressed a kiss upon her forehead than the husband rushed into the room with wild cries, threatening to kill them both. He was only pacified upon the guilty landlord signing him a receipt gor the rent in full, and promising to go and fetch fifteen hundred francs in hard cash. Better have been content with the reoeipt for the rent, as the landlord fetched, not' the money, but the police, and the ingenious butterman and his wife are nowexpati ating their stratagem in prison. Tjim following story told by a Now York papor 1b oralnontly ,pharnotorlstlo of Madamo Pat lib It cluol divtos thb,fnysbary of how Pabbl booamo aocpialntod with l\pipfaudita parrot, Soma tlmo ago, wlion tho diva was walking down Pourth-avonuo, oaoortod by Nloollnl and Frauohl, sho oxproasod a doalro to »mplo pnrrota, and wont Into a bird fanolor'a noav Fourtoonth-stroob, Tho fowl sho now owns was aaloop in a aago. "This aooma to bo a boauty i ploaao wako it up,11 aatd tho diva to tho in'oprlotor, " Can lb talk?"—'"Talk? Ib oan boat Gladstone and Eandolph Ghurohill togothor," " In dood I Lot us hoar lb, ploaao," Tho boas 'I'loklod Polly with a plooo of lunar oaustio, and tho bird awoko, yollod, and waltod for inatruotiona, u Talk Polly, show your talonts, This is Pattl oomo to soo you," "In dood I " said tho bird ; " la this Adolina? Truly, it sooms to mo that lior visago is roaplondont with radiant boaitby," " Why, this is marvolloua I " oriod tho oanta trloo, " Oan ho aay moro ? " " lndood, ho oan, Ho spoaks olglib languagos iluontly j ho Is a gay old bird," "Polly wants a oraolcor?" " Oraokora bo hangod I Sing mo a song. I havo hoard that tho Jlovituro you introduce in " Tho iBarbor " aro dasw.Ung. Lot's havo thom," Patti oompliod with tho fowl's roquoat) and whon sho had flnlshod, tho orltlo In foathors romarkod i " Vory good, lndood ) you romind mo of Boalo, That vo . was poarly, and altogothor oxoollont j tho suatalnod O also good. Boforo passing judgment, sing mcs 'Ah, non glungo,' from 'Sonnambula ;' " and thon wo will sing tho duofc In 'Linda,' I oan tako tho shlno out of Soalolil easily." " How muoh is tho bird ? " askod Pattl. " £200, madamo," Nioolini handod ovor tho money i and tho bird, aftor talking loarnodly about oonseoutlvo fifths, was oarrlod oil in triumph to tho "Windsor. When Patti got it safely homo, sho invitod hor friends to oall, and addressing tho bird, said! " Now, talk again, pretty Polly." " What do yor say ? " said Polly. " Oh I tho horrid tiling ; it is vulgar?" " Oar ramba I " murmured tho bipod. " And, oh I it swoars in Spanish I " Tho motamorphosis was oomploto. Polly sworo, and sang naughty songs, but spake no moro, Tho next day tho diva disoovorod that whon sho was in tho shop a hirod ventriloquist had spoken for tho bird. * * * A good illustration of tho difference in tho charac teristics of tho average Now Yorker and the average Bostofiian is aptly oxprossed by an artist who rocontly oxhibitod paintings in both oitios. "A Now York lady," ho says, " oomos in to look at a pioturo, looks it over oarofully, asks tho prioo, and if tho pioturo ploasos hor, pays tho prioo set upon it, and has it sent to hor homo. A Boston lady stops in, foouses hor eyo glasses upon it, looks upon it critically, asking tho price meanwhile, and giving various hints as to tho correctness of the picture, and as sho risos to go, makes tho remark : " Oh, I think it is j list beautiful I I am going homo to paint one just liko it." This is a Boston story. • The King of Bavaria's troubles with creditors and bailiffs have, according to Parisian gossips, become so intolerable, that he has been meditating marriage with a millionaire widow, the Baroness von Kramer. A Ohioag-o paper and a Milwaukee paper, on a reaent Sunday, published portraits identically the same, one giving it as the likeness of a famous burglar, and the other as the portrait of.M. Olemenceau, the French Badical leader. Old Commodore Yanderbilt, who married a tavern keeper's maid, was sitting on the piazza of a Saratoga Hotel beside his daughter, who was arrayed in silks and diamonds, when an uncouth, poorly dressed old chap came along, and saluting Yanderbilt with "Hello 1 commodore, -how are you to-day 7" came on the piazza and shook, hands with him. The daughter drew her elegant.dress hastily aside at his approach, as if in fear of contamination, with a-look of utter disdain. After the aged visitor had chatted a moment and passed on, the daughter said, "Why, papa, how could you recognize that dingy looking old man in this public place!" " Bless your heart, dear," said the commodore, "he used to buy beer of your mother before you wore born.' Boswell. 