UNDER THE VERANDAH. According to the ever consistent morning journal which figures as tho orgnu of illiheralism an open air meeting of some 5000 persons acts presumptuously if it venture to speak in the nnrne of tire people of Melbourne hut an in door gathering of some 400 folks who can afford to jray heavily for n dinner ticket is perfectly iustified iu nosing ns representative of the whole of Victoria. The three tailors of Tooley- strcet when they talked as " lVe, the people of England" were ouly contemptible because not possessed of sufficient cash. What Is worth in any thing ? So touch money us 'twill bring. The thousands who tako part in a "sand lot" assemblage when shut out ot the town lroll are unworthy of much notice tho hundreds who fork out their guineas for a feed within the sacred precincts constitute uo "mere gather ing of friends," but a Victorian demonstration. At all CTOnts, that is the teaching contained in tho two contiguous leaders of our con temporary ou tho 15th inst. Air. Jones thinks that " the time is coming when tho country will refuse to be newspaper- ridden." The wish, I think, mustbe the father to Mr. Jones's thought. Eor a country without newspapers would be exactly the place where that versatile gentleman might expect to flourish. It would he a country whero politicians might profess ono thing and practise anollier, where corruption might remain hidden, and men with glib tongues and clastic consciences might undetected draw pay from the public purse, and plunder from pri vate wrong doers. I can quite understand tho dislike that men of the stamp of Mr. C. E. Jones have of the press. It is said that tire d — 1 hale3 holy water, and that a vigorous application of it causes him to vanish with a fizzle, Fleuty of publicity once had tho same effect ou Mi. Jones, and there is uo woudcr he hates it. What a curious thing kingcraft has become iu these latter days ! Kings used to be the able men of (he world ; indeed the wonl " king" in its etymology Implies, ns Cnrlyle insists, a cun ning, wise, capable man, a born ruler of men in short. Now, ill couutrics where monarchy is safest, kings do not rule at nil. The beauty of the syslcin is supposed to lie in ihe fact that all power is taken out of their bauds, and they are expected to do precisely what Ihoy are advised by their Ministers. In other countries they make themselves conspicuous chiefly by their eccentricities. Kings, wlro were so called for merly bccauso they were wise mcu, may now lro fools ; it docs not matter. Bavaria has been ruled by one fool, who has just terminated his existence, nnd, with duo consistency, another fool inherits. It might becomo a subject of woudcr whether a people consenting to be go verned by a fool couid be quite sane, but the ghost of . George 111. rises and warns mo off that ticklish topic. Dr. Thornton, the Bishop of Bnllaral, de livered a lecture last week at Caulficld, takiug for his subject, " Tho Third of tho Seven Dreams of Zccharuh," iu which the prophet saw a man witli a measuring line in his hand going around the walls of Jerusalem." He commenced by saying that expositors differed greatly iu their interpretation of this vision, aud then he proceeded to give his owu views on the question. I am so little " up" in theology that I am unable to pass the slightest opinion on the right reverend gentleman's inter pretation of tho dream. I will go farther, aud make the humiliating confession that I never heard of it, or of the six others which it would appear Zachariali dreamt. Nowadays there is not much value attached to dreams. They are supposed to arise from a disordered state of the liver, a heavy supper, or had ventilation iu the bedroom, and if you tell n medical doctor of your dream, instead of try- ing to interpret it he will order you a pill, aud toll you to leave your window opeu at night. I would humbly suggest that Dr. Thornton might have found n more profitable subject for a lecture at a " parochial cuterlainmcut " in an Australian church at the latter end of the niiie- tecnth century thau speculating ou the meaning of a dream that was dreamt more than fivo ceutnrics before the commencement of our era. It could hardly lro called a livo subject for tho " entertainment" or edification of n suburban congregation, aud ono wlro was thero feelingly said tomo that he would abandon bis church rather thau hear another like it. There was, however, ouo point about the " entertain- incut " upon which I congratulate both the Bishop aud the congregation — the attendance was very small. It might have been a com plete success if it had been narrowed down to the chairman. I forgot to mention that the Dean of Melbourne presided. I was startled nnd rather shocked when I read Sir James MacBaiu's remarks at the quarterly meeting of the Caledonian Society. The society hare recently held a hall, and Sir James iu his remarks said, "It had been a source of pleasure to mauy to see eucIi a number of the guests iu Highland costumes, and the ladies, at least, wearing tho national badge." The national badge he rcfeired to was I pre sume the kilt, and by tho words "atleu6t" he cvidcutly meant to convey the idea that some of tliem wore nothing else. It was tliis that startled and shocked inc. I am prepared to do Sir James MacBain the justice of thinking that it could not have hccu a source of pleasure to him if any of tho ladies had uppearcd clud, at least, in this scanty manner that his words would imply. At the Trades Hall Council the other day, the question was discussed whether Melbourne should join with Sydney in sending a dele-alo to England to represent the working classes. Into that question I don't propose to go, but I wus rather amused ' with objections ' uracd against tho Sydney delegate. It appears he is a journalist, and ono of tire members said "Journalists were all very well jn their way, but they worked fot hire, and could not possibly represent tho views of tho working classes, as well as a genuine working man," rvhiclr re mark was cheered. I was ignorant enough to think that all tho mombcrs of the Trades Unions were in tho liahit of "working for hire," nnd if a journalist works honestly, even though he works for hire, where is the differ ence between him and " a genuine working man ?" If tiro argument were used that this journalist belonged to the conservative order of "literary hacks" who would write for protection one day in one paper, and for free-trade tiro next in another — a feat not un known in Mel-bourno journalistic circles, I could understand the objection, but tire mere fact of a man taking pay for honest work should not he used against him by another who docs tho same. The old Yaukec story of the "coon who an nounced his intention of coming down from tiro treo when ho learned that tho colonel bad made up his mind lo shoot has evidently not been road in vain hy the directors of tho Airs- traliau Mutual Provident Society. They had mode up their minds to start n splendid branch of the society in England aud had sent their chici actuary home empowered to make all necessary arrangements. It would have been pleasant for the big guns of the association in Sydney to have found themselves not altogether small ordnance when they visited Loudon. They hankered lo show the British what their "young giant," as the chairman termed it, was like. But, if they arc apt to he carried away at times by too celestial a notion of their own nmnziug import- ance, rney are snrewu men at uottoiu, ana not unaware of the wisdom of makiug a timely obeisance iu view of the inevitable. The policy holders of the society having made it apparent that they are not going to lie trifled with tho dirccliors did not wait for tho manifestation of opinion to bo given at Tuesday's meeting, but discreetly came down from their Anglo- Australian porch. They ccorcone for sagacity. Air. Thomson, tiro member of the New South Wales Parliament, who moved last week that no intoxicating drinks should be sold within the prcciucls of the House " except nt meal times," said that recently a lady seated behind tho Speaker's chair made the remark— " What a nice place this would be if tliero were no bar upstairs I" Mr. Thomson did not explain what lmd happened ' to induco the lady behind the Speaker to iudulge in this strong observation, but left his hearers to surmise that it was because of tho conduct of eerluin liou. members who had indulged in something still stronger. The late respected Artcmus Ward, in the course of bis perambulations with his "moral show," oaca sojourned, he affirms, at a Temperance Hotel where nothing was allowed to be introduced stronger than tho butter, aud in some boarding houses of my acquaintance I would hack tiro butter in this respect against anything save colonial rum. The members of the Sydney Assembly scouted tho idea that anything ou earth could bo too strong for them to negotiate comfortably, and Sir John Bobcrtsou was especially wrath that his slaying powers should be doubted. He is ready io swallow anything excepting the 6talemout that tire " cabbage garden" is a superior colony to the "coal hole." Tire General of the Order of Jesuits lias lately published a statement showing the snccess the society has met will sinco its foundation. From its ranks have sprung 248 saints, 1500 nwrtjre, 13 popes, 60 cardinals, 4000 bishops aud 6000 authors. That is no doubt a brilliant record, tl.« OJO Tl.<4 a»<«nncinfr rnmil OJItJUmilJ MIV CUIJ1V9. miiijiva-.it, of tho Protestant denominations went in for canonisation, aud calling their clergymen by high 6uundiug titles, I think they might manage to match it. There are many Protestant churcitcs that conhl count up more thau 1500 martyrs iu tho countries where the Jesuits have hold sway ; aud this world at large would ho rather moro inclined to accord saintly honors to mou of the stamp of John Wesley, thau to any of the beatified beings that the Society of Jesus have placed ou tire caleudar. But it is . opposed to English 6entiracnt to mako its by- gono worthies, like Wesley anil Hall, ridiculous by giving them no uume.iuiug poslliuiuous pre fix and painting (hem with a golden rim round their heads. In ihe mntter of popes, some of our churches can give the Jesuits long odds, and then heat them easily. don't speak of his Holiness, Professor ltcatoul or Supreme Pontiff M'Kachcru, hut it is a matter of notoriety that in all t'10 essentials of Popery — infallibility, power to open aud shut tlio gates of Ilcaveu, Sc — -both these geutlcnicn, aud somcofthcirhrelbreu intho Presbyterian Assembly, are quite equulto any of the bishops of the Holy City. They certainly don't btiru tho unbelieving, but llieu c1 the old original Pope 1ms bad to abandon tbat privilego. ATTICU-S, j The Public Service Commissioners have, after much delay, recommended the appointment ot Mr. Alexauder Brycc, truant officer in the Edu cation department, and Mr. E. L. weigher at tho Customs department, as insp. - tors of factories under the Shops and lactot'c Act, As soon as these officers have been tran - ferred thoy will bo instructed iu their dutiis, aud two of tho more experienced inspector " then bo sent to Dallarat and Sandhurst o commence the work of inspecting local f. torici. 