Cobblestones: A Village Doctor's StoyV. Et 3>jeS CtOCGH. Author of ."Wilson Smith's Ghost," "Piet Tvhyn," " Mietje'a Lovers," &c.; [Author's Eights Reserved.] The weather of Christmas, 1S79, was in most parts of the country unusually severe. Every where—especially in Plumbland, where I reside —after the usual greetings of the season, was heard the remark, "A real old-fashioned English Christmas!" to which the general reply was, " Yes, that it is, and no mistake !" It was the last day of the year, and the weather was fearfully inclement. The snow lay deep oh the ground, and still it fell; the wind blew in fitful gusts, and drifts were formed in the most unexpected situations, quite altering the face of the country. It be came almost an impossibility to move out of doors, and no one did so unless absolutely com pelled. The wild expanse of plain around Plumbland is for miles wholly given up to agriculture, and yet not a laboring man could procure work. He might shiver, and freeze, and starve, but not a day's work could be obtained, bo that the "odd hands," of whom the township was principally composed, were obliged to remain at home and go through the above-mentioned process of shivering, freezing, and starving unless the local charities, in which Plumbland was rich, would take them in hand. A long series of bad harvests had effectually pre vented any of the laboring class from saving money; and though Christmas day is usually a happy merry time, yet in periods of depression it must never be forgotten by the wealthy that Saint Kent Day always comes in company of the great festival of the poor. It was the remembrance of this latter cir cumstance that made me turn out to the meeting of the PlumWand Local Board on the 31st of December, 1879. I am the village doctor, and might readily have persuaded myself that it would not be amiss for me to remain at home to husband my. strength in case 1 should be called out for a night visit. But the Local Board were, for the purposes of these charities, obliged to consult their medical officer, an'd therefore I wrapped myself up in my thickest clothing, bound a scarf over my ears, pulled a soft felt hat over that, and marched off to the place of ren dezvous. Fortunately our chairman, Mr. Elliot, had called the meeting at the Eagle, or my resolution might have been shaken; but knowing I should be comfortable there if anywhere, I faced the beating, blinding, north-west snowstorm, and stepping resolutely through the drifts, at last had the satisfaction of arriving at the inn door, where mine host, old Tom Hardcastle, met me with rubicund jolly face, beaming bright enough to thaw the icicles which had already begun to form on my moustache. "Well done, doctor," said Hardcastle; "I knew you'd come! I told 'em so! Now they've got a quorum ! Come, let me help you shake off the Scotch lady's goose feathers! There! you'll be as right as a trivet." " Thanks Hardcastle! who has come ?" " There's Mr. Elliot, farmer Norman, Hope the grocer, and Harrison from the shoe shop, and you yourself, and that's a quorum." " Which room are they in ?" "In the little parlor! and I'll tell you a secret, doctor; it thaws in there—for I made a fire big enough to roast an ox !" With a light laugh of satisfaction the worthy host opened the door and announced my arrival, whereupon I was greeted heartily by all four. " Just come to the fire and warm yourself -through, doctor, and then we'll to business." I drew up in the vacant seat before the roaring fire, returned their kindly greetings, and at leDgth announced that I was ready. It is not, however, my intention to enter into the transactions of the board. Suffice it to say we apportioned the charity money con scientiously, and, I hope, to the satisfaction of all concerned. This duty over, in the usual course of events, we should have returned home, but on this evening the storm without was so boisterous that we were all of us reluc tant to leave the genial fire. "I think," said our chairman, pulling out his pipe, " we had better stop nere awhile—, and—what do you say to ordering some ' cobblestones ?'" We scarcely needed his Bly wink to enable/ us to understand his proposal, and we accord ingly voted the cobbles unanimously. "Pull the bell, please, whoever is nearest!" were the words in which the chairman notified that the motion was carried, and as the rubi cund face of mine host made its appearance he continued— "Bring in a good jorum of punch, clean pipes and tobacco, Hardcastle." "Yes, sir." " And bring in another chair and join us! We've done business, and we want a bit of a crack!" "Yes, sir; it's a wee bit warmer here than out there, I'll swear." So saying mine host disappeared with a friendly smile. He liked his glass of punch as well as the best of us. We naturally began to pass remarks con cerning the night on whichAve were met to gether, being between the old year and the new—the last day and the first day of the sun's course having had in all civilised countries a peculiar significance, a certain occult influence difficult of explanation, and yet deeply rooted in the hearts of all. Vain it is for reason to exert its sway and tell us that if there are such "things" as ghosts and other superna tural fears, the very fact of their being super natural exempts them from the ordinary sub serviency to days and years. We are but men, creatures of a moment, subject to all kinds of chances and changes, so much the ! creatures of uncertainty that even the very stoutest of us must have felt moments when he has doubtingly asked his own reason whether after all it may not be possible that the super natural world is in some sense subservient to the natural world, We all of us remember the histories in the sacred volume, instilled into us in our youth, in which this belief is at least distinctly encouraged; and, besides that, there a few of us who do not joyfully or re ligiously recall to our minds some relative or dear friend, whose veracity it would be treason to doubt, who has related to us, in the most circumstantial way, dreams, or visions, or supernatural events, which we can never hope to understand on this side of the grave, Such was the train of thoughts passing through my mind when Mr. Norman inciden tally remarked:— " To-day is Saint Sylvester's—all the ghosts have holiday !" Such, too,.must have been the thoughts of my companions, for a dead silence reigned over all, until host Hardcastle made his appearance with a steaming bowl of punch. The advent of this cheering liquor loosened our tongues once more, and the conversation be came general. Now during the few moments' silence I had by chance glanced towards the chairman. A quiet disdainful smile curled his lips, as" with the most tantalising, supercilious, disdainful air, he was apparently altogether engrossed in the manufacture of pipe-lights. Mr. Elliot was a solicitor and proverbially a very hard nut to crack; he used to boast that he had never been deceived in his life—excepting, of course, when his understanding as a lawyer in formed him that it was to his advantage to seem taken in. As a medical man, and with the experiences of many a score of deathbeds, I confess that my sympathies were all on the side of believing too much rather than too little, and the chair man's omnisapient expression tickled me not a little. By the time, therefore, that Hardcastle had seated himself comfortably, and Mr. Elliot had begun to ladle out the generous liquor, I had Ecrewed up courage to make an attack. " By the bye, Hardcastle," I said, " this is Saint Sylvester, you know, and as Mr. Elliot cannot charge fees for a consultation to-day. dont you think we might ask him a question or two ?" Mine host was notedly superstitious, so now the ball had been set rolling, he picked it up and said:— "True ! it is Saint Sylvester's ! Thanks, doctor, for reminding me ! I did have a ques tion for Mr. Elliot." Hardcastle winked at me with a mocking pretence of secrecy which made us all laugh, and none more so than Mr. Elliot. " Ask your questions, Hardcastle ?" returned he, " aiid you'll be a rich man if you never pay anything till you see a ghost!" "Stop, stop! Mr. Elliot!" cried he, "I have seen a ghost! and now I've got a question at law to ask you!" "Well?" said Mr, Elliot, assuming a pro fessional air, " Well, if a man injures me I have an action at-law against him—have I not ?" "Certainly, action of battery, action of trespass, and so on." "Well now, if a ghest injures me—how then?" " Bring him into court, Hardcastle, and hang me if I don't get something out of him—or you A general and hearty laugh at my host's expense greeted this sally, but Host Hardcastle was not the man to be beaten so easily. "Stop a minute, Mr. Elliot, and I'll put my case before you; Of .course, I know that an action of battery ceases when the defendant is dead—but my case is different—far! Here's old Tim Taylor, that I bought this business of. Well, he's been dead a matter of ten years come Martinmas, and he left neither kith nor kin, neither will nor testament behind him, so Jtis money went to the Queen." "Of course—he died intestate." "Very well! I dare say you know what's coming, gentlemen ?" We did know what was coming, for the story of Tim Taylor's ghost was a matter of common conversation in Plumbland. "Well, then! you know that weeks and weeks after old Tim died his ghost came every night and sat in the middle of the cellar!" 'We heard about that,' replied the chair { man with a wink, " we heard all about that Common rumor indeed stated very seriously that the said ghost exerted itself artistically , every night in painting Host Hardcastle's nose I a lovely red color, like a ripe strawberry; but ! the host himself deposed that this color was produced by his exertions in exorcising the said ghost, but I, speaking professionally, may be allowed to add that I myself have more than once attended Hardcastle for a disease familiarly known as "D.T," We all of us, therefore, fully appreciated the meaning of the chairman's wink of the eye, "Why, now we have it 1" continued Hard castle, "Tim Taylor's ghost owes me three guineas for a cask of stout which ran to waste through him turning on the tap ; 30s, for the masons when they took up the floor and found the skeleton; five pounds for a new grave in uhe churchyard for buryiDg the skeleton ; and six pounds ten undertaker's fees. Then there was Dr. Joyce's bill here, which came to three pounds more That makes nineteen pounds three; allbecaus a ghost came and sat in my cellar! And I should think I might be allowed to charge at least five pounds more for his impudence in kicking up a row all round and making us generally uncomfortable." "So that makes twenty-four pounds three this ghost owes you." "Just so ! and it's Tim Taylor's ghost too." " And you wish you may get it, eh, Hard castle ?" " Of course I do, sir," "And so do I." We all burst out into a laugh at this reply, but for the life of him Hardcastle could not see the joke, for there really had been bones found in his cellar. I remember the circumstance quite well, but I maintained at the time, and do so to this day, that they were not human remains—though as there was no Bkull and as they were much decayed, it was difficult to say to what animal they did belong. These were the relics which Hardcastle had caused to be buried in the churchyard. I was, however, the only person in the village who believed them not to be human; but as I was only a new comer at the time, and had my way to make, prejudice was against me. "See here!" said Hope, the grocer, "I know that quite well what Hardcastle tells us. It is true, every bit of it. Tim Taylor was a hard-fisted fellow, and folks did say they were the bones of a pedlar who disappeared, so that if JTim did murder him it is natural that his ghost could not rest until the bones were put in the churchyard! That's my view of the case." "And mine, too!" added Harrison, "It's the fashion now-a-days to laugh at ghosts and all that; but I believe in them. They're a solemn reality." "Pray what makes you say that?" de manded Elliot, as he began to ladle out more punch. " My brother! Did you ever hear about his dreams?" "I have," replied Norman, "but tell us again—it may perhaps be new to some of us." "Very well, then. My brother, as you know, used to live with me, and when he was about five-and-thirty he, being then in good health, dreamed that he was going through Plumbland churchyard, where he saw old Charley Weston digging a grave. ' Who is that grave for?' he asked, and Charley replied, ' Eor somebody not 40 years old, who died of a cancer!' A few nights after he dreamed that the stage coach stopped at the door. 'Why do you stay here?'he enquired of the conductor. ' For a man not forty years old, who is going to London to see a cancer doctor.' Shortly after that he dreamed that a hearEe stopped before a strange house in London, and when he asked ' why they stopped there?'the reply was, 'For a man not forty, who died under an operation for cancer.' Now all that came practically true, for shortly after wards my brother, being taken ill of cancer, went up to London to see a doctor, and was killed by chloroform. Now, if those dreams weren't supernatural I don't know what super natural means! Yes, I'm a great believer in dreams; I am !". "Pooh! pooh!" said the chairman, "you may frighten yourself into any illness under the sun. V our brother had the dreams, and drew the conclusion. He predisposed himself for cancer. I dare say that if he had dreamed he had a wooden leg he would, by hook or by crook, have had one before he died !" " What an unbeliever you are !" cried Har rison. " Right,. Harrison, right," added Hops. " Now, I'll tell you what I dreamed, and I don't care what Mr. Elliot here does say, it. cariie true. It was when my sister Martha went into a decline. She was then living at West Drayton, 55 miles off here. . Now, I knew nothing whatever of West Drayton, as I had never been there in those days. Well, I dreamed that my^sister came to the side of my bed and beckoned me away. I followed her over meadows and roads just as the crow flies. At last we came to West Drayton, and there I Baw my sister's husband crying; then we all went to the funeral, and there I saw the grave, near the yew-tree, with the church all as natural as possible; so natural that it was hard to persuade [myself it was but a dream. Well, next morning there came a letter saying that Martha's illness had turned into a galloping consumption, and that she was dead. I hurried off, and when I had arrived at West Drayton I saw the house, the grave, the yew-tree, and the church as exactly like the dream as a photograph would be like the original. Now, what do you say to that?" "Of course, as you say you dreamed it before you went there I cannot contradict you, but I should be inclined to believe that you dreamed afterwards that you had dreamed it before!" A general laugh of incredulity greeted the solicitor's explanation, so that he added— ' "You may laugh if you like, but I myself have often dreamed I was dreaming." "So have I," I added, "and very dis agreeable I found the sensation," "Now, Mr. Elliot," cried farmer Norman, "let me tell you a dream I had. It is now some fifteen years ago. I had a shepherd named Joe Bailey, Now Joe was a terrible man for saving money, and he had scraped together a matter of twenty pounds—a big sum for a man who waB only getting fifteen shillings a week, Joe went on very steadily, and nothing was ever the matter till he began keeping company with the dairymaid at Farmer N orton's. They agreed to get married, and Joe at last took the twenty ponnds out of the bank and gave it the dairymaid to buy furniture and such like; but she, like a great hussy, went off with another fellow and married him. Joe was fear fully cut up when he came to me to ask my advice. I thought the best thing was for him to go and try to- get the money back, and, if he did not succeed, to put it in the lawyer's hands. I gave him two days' leave of absence, though I could ill spare him, as it was lambing time. I stopped up till 1 o'clock to take his place, and then I roused one of the other men to relieve me. The two days passed but no Joe Bailey came. Of course I was in a fix, and I thought about him much. On the fourth night I dreamed that Joe Bailey was banging in the cartshed. It made a great im pression on me did this dream, and the more so as I dreamed it twice more on the same night, I saw it all so vividly that when I got up I felt bound to pass round by the cartshed if only to drive that dream out of my head by showing its falsity. There, to my horror, I saw Joe hanging ! My heart came into my mouth, as the saying is, but I managed to screw up courage enough to go to him and cut him down. He was still warm, but in spite of all my efforts I could not get him round again, Now what made the most im pression on me was this—seeing that he was still warm I am sure that if I had got up when I first had the dream I could have saved him ! Yes, if I had believed in dreams in those days Joe Bailey might—for he was a hale fellow— have been alive now!" Norman paused, and looked triumphantly at Mr. Elliot aB if to say— " There! get over that if you can!" The wily chairman, however, replied— "Your dream, Norman, is the simplest to explain of them all? You knew Bailey was greedy of money, so that when he did not return on the day appointed you more than expected he had not been successful in his quest. Of course you must have known that a man like that would take such a loss so much to heart that he would be most certain to commit suicide. All this is as clear as possible, but the clearest part of your story is that nothing was more probable than that he should come to hang himself in your cartshed, where he knew be would find not only a beam, but a rope suitable for his purpose. A bushel of such tales would not convince me I ought to believe in ghosts and dreams." "Now, doctor!" said Hardcastle, "nothing will convince Mr. Elliot but a bit of science ! Now cannot you tell him a rattling ghost tale ?" " That I cannot! I know nothing of the popular idea of ghosts, but I can vouch for the truth of the following:—When I was in the surgery mixing up medicines some years ago —it was when I was only assistant—I had to stand near the window with one particular drug, so as to get all the light I could to measure it off, It was a deadly poison, and so you will understand I was particularly cautious about it. Just as I was holding up the bottle and the measure, one in each hand, I saw my father pass by the window looking very anxious and haggard. As my father, to the best of my knowledge, was 200 miles off, I was so surprised that I paused in the operation upon which I was engaged, and went to the door to let him in, for his appearance made me feel very appre hensive, but to my surprise not only was my father not there, but the street itself was empty. Next day I received a telegram to say my father died the evening before of heart disease." "It's all very well, doctor," remarked Mr. Elliot, "but I must serve you the same as the others. Of course, when it comes to a personal matter like this of ft painful nature I forbear to cross-examine you, but I must say I am still unconvinced, nor shall I ever be other than an unbeliever in supernatural manifesta tions until—until—well, until I see my own ghost!" "Your own ghost! Your double, you mean. You may even be gratified with such a sight if all that I hear be true." "If it be true, A prudent reservation, trulj?," " j. cannot vouch for any story of a double from any other evidence than such as I have read—hearsay evidence—therefore I Bhall not bring any forward," "Thanks, doctor. If everybody would be equally reticent I venture to Bay every ghost would die a natural death this generation." "I don't thing so!" cried Norman, and so said they all in concert. From that moment, however, the conversa tion seemed to flag; it was approaching mid night, and I heard one or two of our com panions furtively whispering as they glanced at their watches. "Shall we have another bowl, gentlemen?'' demanded the chairman. "Yes, yes, take another," chimed in Hard castle. "It will give you courage, for none of you can be home now before next year. You may perhaps meet something." "Well, then, be quick about it, we don't mind if you do brew us another bowl." Such was the general response, and then one added, " Yes, and we can drink ' a happy new year' to one another." Mr. Elliot nodded to Hardcastle, and, when mine host had disappeared, remarked that the roads had been so bad lately that we might just as well put that down to another load of "cobblestones." ft ft ft ft ft I slept like a top that night, and I was still Bnoring away at half-past 8 next morning when I was called up—a doctor's usual luck when his nightcap fits rather tighter than usual. " Mrs, Elliot wants you to call and see her huBband; he is very bad indeed !" " All right," I cried, "111 come at once!" and as I tumbled out of bed I could not help re marking, half-aloud, " Cobblestones have not proved very digestible, I'm afraid; and, by Jove, I'm a little bit giddy myself," Shaking myself together, however, as well as I could, I soon found myself in the presence of my patient. He was in bed, looking very haggard and woebegone, but he nevertheless motioned his wife out of the room, " Oh, ah, Elliot!" was my greeting. " What do you call this ? Is it hot cockles or cobble stones?" " Hueh!" replied he mysteriously and solemnly, " my wife must not know a word of tliis. I've seen my double !" "Your double!" I cried. "Your double! Nonsense. Cobblestones are famous things for making people think they see double !" "Hush! for heaven's sake, doctor, do be serious. It's life or death with me! Yes, for I have Been my double !" "Ah ! if you are serious, as I see you are, I most heartily beg your pardon! Pray tell me all about it." "I will! but do not breathe a word about it. What I tell you is the strictest truth! When I—we parted last night at the inn. I got home the best way I could through the snow. # To my surprise when I arrived opposite the house at about one o'clock tflis morning my office was lighted up. Of course you know I have a good many valuable papers of one sort or another about, and accordingly when I saw the place lighted up I was knocked together all of a piece, and began to think of thieves appropriating wills to bolster up false heirs and all the other machinery of cheap romances. My clerk, Dobson, who sleeps in the house, had I knew nothing to do at that time of night, and besides I bad the key safe in my pocket, • I entered stealthily by the front door, slipping off my shoes as I stood on the mat, for I determined to creep to my study, take my revolver, and then go to the office by the long passage, I did so, carrying out my plan without so much as letting a pin drop. I arrived at my office door, in which you know I have a little opening closed by a slide. This I pulled aside, but perhaps not so noiselessly as I might have done, I peeped through, and there I saw— myself ?" "Yourself! No! Impossible!" • "Yes! myself. There was no mistake. There I was with my dressing-gown and smoking-cap—just as I was accustomed to dress when I sit up to work." " Excuse me—you must be mistaken!" " No! The gas was turned on full, so that there was plenty of light! There could be no mistake—I would there were ! There I sat, with a bundle of papers tied with red tape; I was examining a document—evidently a will." " Strange !" " This vision curdled my blood ! My heart stocd still for a moment, and then bounded so quickly that I could hear its beats ! A terror and a faintness came over me—and I let my candle drop!" "Humph!" " I -almost fell myself! I staggered againt the wall, and when (I again recovered myself and looked at the aperture the office was in complete darkness." " How singular !" I said, for I must confess Ihe idea of the cobblestones still ran in my brain. " Singular! That is not the word. Mys terious ! Weird ! Gruesome! Gut I shall convince you yet," " Humph!" "Yes, listen. Of course, as a smoker, I carried matches about me, and after fumbling somia time in my pocket I managed to find them, and struck a fight. I picked up my candle, lighted it, and taking the office key out of my pocket, unlocked the door, Ye3; notice that, I unlocked the door!" " And you fo und him, the double ?' " No; the pjafep -was empty." " Truly youristory -.makes one feel uncom fortable." ' "I gazed:wildly at my desk, The bundle of papers was gone; everything, in fact, was in its proper place." .; . " So that you were the victim of " "Victim of no freak of the imagination, doctor. No"! _ You interrupted me. Every thing was in its place, except—now mark my words, doctor—except a piece of paper which lay on the floor. I picked this up, and, I shudder at the recollection of it, thereon I saw, in my own handwriting, these words:— 'ThiB is the last ;Will and testament of ' You can see the paper, there; that is it, doubled up on.the mantelpiece. Look at it." I did as he requested. I could no longer doubt his story, and 1 shook my head. "I see you, too, are puzzled; judge of my feelings. My agitation was fearful! Our con versation—the various tales we had heard— our comments—my comments—all came to my mind with fearful force. Then the recollection that it was St. Sylvester's—that all the unseen world has peculiar power on that day—and, I saw all this was a warning! a solemn warning. I must make my will. I see it, and—and what I have to ask you is, doctor, to keep my secret, and to be my executor." " Stay," cried I, " not so fast. I will be your executor if you like, and all that—but now I am your doctor. Let me make my diagnosis." I examined him and questioned him severely; but I could not shake his story. And then there was that piece of paper ! He had seen his double, and no mistake. I prescribed light food and tonics, open air exercise and complete rest. I was even after acknowledging the truth of his narrative, still hoping, I confess it candidly, that the disease was nothing but cobblestones. Alas ! when I called in the evening, he was still more depressed, and I began to fear the worst results. This continued, all my best care could not rouse him, and at last I was obliged to inform Mrs. Elliott that the re sources of my medical knowledge and skill were exhausted. • • • »••.«• " I will see the doctor, and that instantly, If you don't let me in I'll knock you down!" "You must wait a few minutes. Doctor Joyce is a bavin' of his dinner. I'll tell 'im." "Stand out of the way, fool! I must see him at once!" Such was the elegant language which an nounced to me that Mr. Elliot's clerk, Dob son, wished to see me. As a slight scuffle followed that announcement I called out to my man to show him in at once, " Sit down, Dobson," I said. " Bring in a glass, Mr. Dobson will take some wine." "No, thank you, sir," replied the clerk, as he took the chair opposite to me, "no wine." I took no notice of his refusal, and by-and" bye, in the course of the conversation, I had the satisfaction of seeing him sip the glass of dry sherry I gave him. "Now, Dobson," said I, "what is it? Nothing wrong with you, eh? You must excuse me beginning at once, as I must be off immediately I've swallowed my dinner," "Save the master, sir! Bare him, or else I am a murderer," " Dobson, what do you mean ?" "Mean? mean? have you not given him up?" ' "Yes, more'sthe pity, I don't see what more is to be done—though, of course I shall fight all I can, yet I am compelled to say it is a contest against nature." I said these words very slowly and very solemnly, gazing anxiously at Dobson, for I was taken aback at his peculiar behavior. I saw him change countenance, and I at once comprehended the matter. He knew all about the double. "Dobson! I cannot save your master! but —you can!" "I- I?" " Dobson ! if he dies you are a murderer; you said so yourself." "And I shall be a murderer! Yes sir! I will save him ! I frightened him!" "You. How?" | "1 was in his office that night. He mu?* have thought it was a robber." ,! He thought he saw his double. Com* come, he never could have made such a mi: take." "His double? Hie double? Ah, sir! see it all now, alas! I am that double." "Explain." "I am engaged to be married to Amelia Hodgson, and I knew her father hac*, ceen to our office to have his will made, '^rid I only wanted to find out whether h^ kad made a suitable provision for Amelia," "But how does all. that make you Mr. Elliot's double "I felt cold—it was an awful night—and I put on his dressing gown and skull cap which nung up behind tne office door; he always works in them, and he must have made the mistake seeing that I am about his siz9 and had my back turned to him." " But how did you manage to escape de tection?" "Hedropped his candle in the fright, and I had time—just time—to bundle the papers together, put out the gas, and glide into the closet." "But the will was begun which he took a3 a warning, ' That is the last will and_ testa ment of ' That is where the mischief lay, as that was proof positive he had seen his double." " This is the first I've heard of that, but I do remember there was a sheet of foolscap lying about. But it is easily explained—when he is making a will he never changes his pen with out changing his folio for a clean one, lest the same document should show different sorts of handwriting. But surely you can save him ?" "Now I know all this 1 dare say I can, At any rate I'll try; but Dobson, you are a miserable wretch." "I know I am. But you cannot call me worse names than I call myself, But do save me from being a murderer!" "I'll try." •ft -ft -ft . it 7r it When next the Plumbland Local Board accounts were audited, among the items passed vas an entry of eighteen shillings and sixpence .or cobblestones supplied to the board on December 31st, 1879, the said entry being in. the handwriting of our chairman, Mr, Elliot. The said entry not having been made on the day mentioned, it is evident that I—or rather Dobson—did save Mr. Elliot. I hope that both Mr. Elliot and myself will be spared to enjoy many more cobblestones in one another's society, and I am glad to be able to add that at present there i3 every prospect of such a consummation. 