EHIOESf OF MELBOURTNE (Br Tui GnosT.) The feeling of surprise evoked by the sudden suicide of the Coalition Ministry has given way to a universal sentiment of deep disgust. Politicians of all shades- of opinion join in reprobating the Govern ment, and the Press of the colony is unani mous in its verdict of condemnation of the most self-seeking Administration with which Victoria has, during the thirty years of responsible government it has enjoyed, ever been cursed. The secret of the intended collapse of the Service- Berry Ministry was so well kept, and the denials of the Chief Secretary of his intentionr to exchange the uncertainties of ai Ministerial portfolio for the solid emoluments of a well paid permanent appointment, so com pletely threw the quid nuncs off, the scent that the decision of the Government to commit the happy despatch' fell upon the community with all the unexpectedness of a thunderbolt. The prophets who, dis regarding the sage advise of the American humorists, "prophesied before they knew," find themselves all at sea in their vaticinations, and are savage at having been-to use an expressive vulgarism "sold." Hence, no doubt, in a great measure, their ire. The apologists of Mr. Service find a reason for his aibandonment of the helm in the precarious state of the honourable gentleman's health. Those who seek to exonerate Mr. Berry are dis creetly dumb, while the s,ection of the public that justify 'Mr. Kerferd in his acceptance of the Supreme Court ermine affect to look upon the alppointment as the well-earned reward of a politician who has for nearly thirty years rendered faithful service to, his party in Parliament. A vigorous attempt is being made in the columns of the Liberal organs to' saddle the Conservative section of the Govern ment with the onus of the present situa tion, but it is diflicult to see' how the acts of an entire Ministry can with any show of justice be attributed to any section of it, and in the estimation of 'nall lovers of fair dbaling Cmsat the Conservative is' very like Pompey the Liberal, and all alike are tarred with the same brash. The " Kerferd job" and the " Berry job" are now known to be the result of a bargain. "Caw me, caw thee." If the Chief Secretary had not been made Agent-General the Attorney- General would not' have been a Supreme Court judge. The present political embroglio in Vic toria would not be so much to .be deplored were it not that the cause of federation is assuredly destined to suffer severely owing to the Ministerial collapse. When Messrs. Service and Berry appointed themselves as the representatives of the colony at. the first meeting of the Federal Council, they certainly can hardly have calculated on being present at its deliberations under existing circumstances.. What weight can attach to the utterances of a. couple of moribund politicians, who willneover have tie opportunity of. explaining their action to'Parliament, and who will never'be able toi render an account of their stewardship ?. They will be restrained by no.sens of responsibility, and can act solely in accord aneo with their own sweet will and plea sure. Their very presence at the meeting where their anomalous and irresponsible position' will be known to all their col-, leagues in the Council will invest -the, whole proceedings with a degree of un reality, and cause discredit to. be cast on a meeting which, for good or evil, may have a most important bearing on the future of the Australasian Dominion. Unless Messrs. Service and Berry make room for .some fitter representatives, Victoria's share in the first meeting of the Federal Council will be little better 'than i farcical sham. T'hus does the evil men do live after them. People may ndw 'well' ask themselves whether all the apparent zeal spd nixiety manifested by Mr. Service in the cause of feddration was not simulated, and born of the fussy, personal ambition which has been that gentleman's chief charac teristic ever since he entered public life. If the Victorian Premier did much towards bringing Australian federa tion into life, he has assuredly gone a long way towards causing its death. To the political student disposed to moralise, the history of the Coalition Government of Victoria opens up a fertile field. What wonder if, born in dishonour, as such Ministries must of necessity be owing their existence to the abandonment of principle on both sides-their exit from ife should be inglorious in the last degree P What can be expected from men who, for the sake of office, ate ready to sacrifice their convictions and advocate measures they have persistently opposed ? Had Walpole when placing on record his opinion that every politician had his price, added that the price was office, he would have completed his description of the average paid legislator of Victoria. The "reim bursement of expenses to members," as the monthly cheque is euphonistically termed, has not resulted in the fittest aspirants for Parliamentary fame being invariably suc cessful at the ballot-box, and without going so far as Sir John Astley, a member of the Imperial Legislature of-' Great Britain, who, on a well-known historical occasion, described the Home Rulers in the House of Conumons as "a set of the most confounded rascals in the world," it may, without any libel on the "three hundred pounders," be affirmed that they are a very sorry lot indeed. It is devoutly to be hoped that the good sense of the constituencies will be shown during the approaching general election, and a better class of men than now occupy the position be selected as the people's representa tives. Whether or not.thers be any truth in the averment of the cynic that "Patriotism is the last refuge of the scoundrel," cer tain it is that patriotism in Victoria can bo made to pay. The history of Mr. Berry's career may be adduced in proof. He has been at various times in receipt of a handsome Ministerial salary for some dozen years. He has been the recipient of .f2000 for a six months' jaunt to Eugland, whither he proceeded as "ambassador" on a now historical occasion, and he has suc coeded in quartering all his relatives, including sons, sons- in-law, fathers-in-law, and for ought that is known "his sisters, his cousins, and his aunts," on a paternal 'Government, who, in addition to their salaries, will have to provide them in due course with pensions or retiring allowances. He is allowed to travel free over all the railway lines of Australasia, and has free "specials" placed at his disposal when ever he feels inclined to honour the country districts with his august presence. Besides all this, he reaps the many advantages attaching to the position of " fat sow," to whom, in accordance with .the old proverb, invariably falls more than a fair share of grease. Unlike the police man's in the " Pirates of Ponzance," a patriot's is a happy life. The threatened strike of the wharf labourers has become an actuality, and 860 men are now, of their own free will, out of employment. Whether the movement will spread to the Seamen's Union is still a moot point. at the present moment the action of the men is particularly ill-timed. 'lhcir labour is strictly of the " unskilled" class; and in the adjoining colonies there are Unfortunately numbers of unemployed labourers who will be only too glad to come to Victoria and obtain constant employ merit at the rate of L2 5s per week of 48 hours, the sum the employes offer to able bodied men willing and able to perform ' a fair day's work for a fair day's wages:" Mesars. Williamson,' Garner, and Mus grove, the theatrical managers, have replied to Mr. Boucicault's letter, proving that the veteran author-actor has really nothing to coinplain'of, the lion's share of the profits of his engagement having fallen to his lot. They attribute Mr. Boucicault's dis satisfaction entirely to his " cantankerous disposition." They should make some al lowance for the circumstances in which Mr:. 1. is placed; a blushing bride of 18 sumnmers is, assuredly, quite enough to account for any amount of "cantankerous ness" in a bridegroom of 67. Quite a gloom was cast over Presscircles on the last day ofl the year 1885 by the in telligence that Mrs. G. A. Sala, who, for more than 'a quarter of a century, has shared the joys and sorrows of her distin guished literary husband, had died during the night at Menzies', after an illness of only a few hours' duration. The deceased lady has accompanied her husband in nearly all his travels, her bright and genial disposition doubtless alleviating in no slight degree the troubles, annoyances, and hard work incidental to the life of a "slave of thoelamp." May the soil of the come tery, where, far from home, but not from loving friends, rest her mortal remains, lie lightly o'er her grave. January 2. 