THE TÜEF. The Spring Meeting ot the Victoria Racing Club hu given sportsmen a week's continued excitement, no previous meeting having caused so much interest either in Victoria or j the other colonies. The campaign opened on 1 Saturday last, when the attendance surpassed that on any previous Derby day. Among the distinguished visitors were the Governors of Victoria, New South Wales, Tasmania, and South Australia, with their suites. Racing began with the Melbourne Stakes, tor which ten started. The finish was a most exciting one, Isonomy and Boolka finishing a dead heat, with the Grand Flaneur colt Bravo, third. The time was 2-12j. In the run off Isonomy won easily by three lengths. The winner is by Winterlake out of Ruby. Thc Hotham Handicap only brought out a field of eleven. The very moderate Hexham (7st.) was first in the straight, but Claptrap (by Tim Whiffler out of Talkative), also weighed at 7st., came with a rush in the straight and won easily ; Lancer (7st. lOlbs.) was third. Time. 2'52J. The Maribyrnong Plate brought out nineteen competitors. Lord Carrington's filly Esperance was leading the field at the tan, but here she ran off, interfering with Miranda. Hortense (Gang Forward-Josephine) even- tually won; Huntingtower second, and Be- douin third. Time, I "74, tlie-slowest during the past nine years. Thc Derby brought out seven of the cidit acceptors, Acme being the absentee. Trident was thc popular favourite to the very last, and was heavily backed. Volcano, ridden by Ellis, at once went to the front when the flag fell, and led for a mile and a-quorter, followed by Chesham, who had Robertson in the saddle. Through hug- ging the rails too closely Volcano struck them, injuring his shoulder and quarter. This caused a sudden collapse, and in falling back he was the means of Trident lotting ground. Hales then sat down on Trident to overtake Chesham, and after a desperate and gallant struggle Trident got level at the half distance, and Chesham suddenly tiring, the favourite won by two lengths from the Grand Flaneur colt, with Agloas eight lengths away, I third. The time was 2'39, similar to that ôf Martini-Henry, in 1883. This is the fourth Vic- torian Derby won by the Hon. James White's nomination, and the fifth time Hales has ridden the winner. Trident, in winning the A.J.C. and V.R.C. Herbies, has accomplished the same feat as his illustrious brother, Navi- gator. The horses that previously won the two Derbies are :-Fireworks, Florenoe, Loup Gerau, Grand Flaneur, Navigator, and Nor denfeldt. The probability is that Volcano and Trident were sent on their merits, and but for the accident to the former, it seems likely he would have won. The same thing happened in the A..I.C. Derby last year, it will be remembered, when Uralla, with Hales up, started a very hot favourite, but Bilis on Nor denfeldtdefeated thefillyby three- quarters of a length. The next event was the Selling Race, which Heron won in a field of eight, beating The Ghost and Stafford. The winner was bought in for £230. The Coburg StakeB brought out twenty starters, and after a grand race Mr. Davis' colt Daystar (Meroury -Grace Darling) won the prize from St. John and Hogmanay, by half a head in l'57i. On Tuesday-Cup Day-the attendance i waa beyond all precedent, the throng being | estimated at 160,000. The racing commenced with the Hurdle Race, Blue Mountain (9 et. j 6 lbs.) ' winning easily (rom Ocean (10 st. j 9lbs.), Encore (Ost. 4lbs.), and four others. 1 The winner is a black five-year-old stallion, I owned by Mr. J. Scobie, fte is by Creagh Patrick out of Mountain Maid. Kighteen ran j for the Railway Handicap, Mr. Agnew's sged 1 mare Pocahontas (St. Albans-Miss Jackson) winning by a length and half from Albanus and Toronto, in 1'Î6. The Kensington Stakes fell to the Hon. James White's two-year old filly Sumatra (Thc Pontiff-Malacca), winning easily from Mr. Long's Eckers- ley (Maribyrnong - Jessamine); Mistletoe third. Thc five furlongs were covered in I'4{, and thc filly was sold to Mr. A. Davis I for 410 guineas. Next came the event of the meeting-the Melbourne Cup. There were twenty-five starters, who all got away splendidly together. Silvermine soo» took up the running, and was well in front nearly all the journey. At the home tum Arsenal went to thc front, and after a desperate race home defeated Trenton by a neck, Silvermine I a length bchiud Trenton. Then came the favourite Trident, who had held a good posi- tion all thc race ; Myall King was next, and Sheet Anchor sixth. Time, 3 31, which has only been beaten three times tit racing for the Cup. There can bc little doubt but Trident was not in so good form os at thc A.J.C. Meeting, and no (loutit thu desperate race he ran for the Derby took a great deal out of him. Thc running of Trident forms quite a coincidence with that of Nordcnfcldt last year, who having won the two Derbys finished fourth for tile Melbourne Cup, though apparently much closer to the winner than I rident. Arsenal in by Goldsbroti^b out of Powder, and, there- fore, half brother to thc chestnut mare Dynamite, owned by Mr. Skuthorpe, who ran severul times at Rockhampton a year or two since. Arsenal is the first of (îolds brough's get, except Morpeth, who ever won an important event over i long distance of ground. The next race was the Nursery Handicap, Huntingtower winning rather easily from Perhaps nnd llcdouin, iu l'4j. Tlie Yan Yean Stakes only produced a field of nine. At the finish. Tho Lcvite (Yatten- don- Q.K.I).) came through ot a great pace, and catching the unlucky Hogmanay, «ho always seems to get a place, won by a length : lillington third. Time, 1 "43. On Thursday Sir W. J. Clark's three-year old colt Menotti (Darriwell-Romula), de- feated Dufferin, Yule Cake, and seven others in the Maiden Plate, doing the mile and quarter in 2'13. Hortense, 'he Maribyrnong J Plate winner, easily defeated William Tell in | the Flying Stake«, Bedouin and Huntingtower running a dead heat for third place. Lord Wiltoo (by Countryman-Instep) won the Spring Handicap from Remus anil Bravo, in 2-10}. Only four went for the Royal Park Stakes, Trenton easily beating Isonomy and Sheet Anchor in that order in 3"56. The Uhakswent to The Nun (First King-Pilgrim- age), a length in front of Tamarisk (Cheater Guelder Bose) ; Essie and Maddelina a dead heat for third place. Time, 2'45. The Juvenile Stakes went to Epicurean (Darri wei I -Aletbe) ; Kckereley second and Firebrace third. Eighteen ran for the Veteran Stakes, Brown and Rose doing Ben Bolt and The Pencil by half a length, in 2-38}. The V. B.C. inseting concludes to-day. Thc public are cautioned against invest- ing in a lot of bogus consultation sweeps on coming events in the southern colonies. A number of these are simply swindles, and since newspapers have declined to advertise such sweeps, circulars are being sent broad- cast throughout the colony. I To-day the Q.T.C. Spring Meeting com- mences at Eagle Farm. The leading events to day are the Derby and Sandgate Handicap. For the latter event the best trio appear to be Yabba, Pirate, and Finnie's best, with an outside show for Friendless. The meeting concludes on Tuesday. " The Wizard " announces a place tota lisator on tho Sandgate Handicap to-day, at the On Stanley On ; tickets 10s. each. It will be closed at 2*15 p.m. In connection with the coming Rockhamp- ton ra se ting, the Secretary, Mr. W. G. Thompson, informs me lie has received infor- mation from Brisbane that Wednesday, thc 24th instant, will be proclaimed a public holiday in Rockhampton. The Tasmanian Mail says :-Mr. Willum Moffatt, late of Rockhampton, well known a few years ago in Melbourne football circles, after seeing Ben Bolt run several times in Queensland, and being strongly impressed with his capacity, secured a tease ot the horse from the 16th ot August, 1885, until tbs 7th of next January, and has already carried off, the rich Carrington Stakes in Svdoey, and . the Caulfield Cup." I may add that Mr. ! Moffatt hu been a successful racing man since the time he landed a big stake in Rockhamp- ton with Glengarry. A good many of my j readers will remember the ''Glengarry ' double." Mr. Moffatt wons big sum of money with his hurdle horse Ocean, who it will be remembered carried off the V.R.C. Grand National Hurdle Race, doing the distance about three miles-in 5min. 35Jeecs. Mr, Moffatt appears to be the evil genius of the Ring, and that combination of talent will never forget him, either in Queensland, New South Wales, or Victoria. A Melbourne paper, referring to the backing of Ben Bolt fer the Caufield Cup, says:-"Don't you remember Sweet Alice, Ben Bolt*" was the song with which the ring chaffingly greeted the appear- ance of thc lien Bolt commissioner, on every occasion on which he entered the club room up to last Saturday morning. " Some of you chaps will remember Ben Bolt all your lives," was bis rejoinder on Friday night, and as the victory of the son of Newbold has taken rather more than a hundred thousand pounds out of their books, Ben Bolt's name will always he associated in the recollection of the ring men with about the most sensational betting coup ever effected in Australia. Tlic Cambridgeshire Stakes were run for on the 26t!i ultimo, and the victor was Mr. W. Gilbert's BÍX-year-old horse Sailor Prince, (by Albert Victor- Hermita) ¡ Mr. Somer's colt Carlton was Becond. KuglMi papers state that Ormonde won thc Doncaster St. Leger in a common canter, by four lengths. The time was 3'2lj, the slowest for some years. F. Archer thus scored his sixth win of the race. I am glad to hear that Tom Sinclair, the jockey who broke his leg before our lost an- nual meeting, came out of the hospital during the week, with a few weeks' rest Sinclair will be " as good as new." Weights for the Rockhampton Jockey Club Spring handicaps appear oa Wednesday next, the 10th instant. Acceptances munt be made on the 17th, the date of general entry. Winton sporting folk are to the fore with a 1 two days' programme for the 27th and 28th of December. There are six events each day, the money being divided thus :-First Day : Maiden Plate of £20; Plying Handicap oi £23 ¡ Puhl ¡cuna' Purse of £20, w.f.o.; Novel Race of £25, wiuner to be auctioned for £1 ; Ladies' Bracelet, value £15 and £5 ; and Chinaman's Race of £20, horses to lie ridden bv Chinamen. Second Day : Handicap Hurdle Race of £25 ; Welter Handicap of £20 ; Christmas Handicap of £50, 2 miles ; Selling Race of £15 ; Half-mile Flutter of £5 ; and Farewell Handicap of £25. Nominations for Flying, Christmas, and Hurdle Handicaps to be sent to the Hon. Secretary, Mr. W. J. Gardner, before 10 a m. on the 6th December. Full particulars to be supplied. There will be a Christmas Meeting at Muttaburra on the 27th Decemlier, when the following list will be placed before horse owners :-Maiden Plate of £15 ; Hurrv Skurry of £10 ; Flying Handicap of £20 ; Christmas Handicap, of £50, 2 miles ; Ladies' Bracelet, value £10 ¡Town Plate of £20, li mile, w.f.a. ; Consolation Stakes, of £15 ; and Free Handicap of £15. Nominations for Christmas and Flying Handicaps olose with tbe Hon. Secretary, Mr. 15. K. Overend, on the 1st December. " Pegasus " writes in the Qwewltadrr : " As records of fast time are always interest- ing to Australian spoitsmsn, I may mention j that in England, at ihe Derby Meeting, Crafton, a four-year-old, carrying 8Bt. 12 lbs., won the Peveril of the Peak Plate of 1000 aovs., a straight mile, in 1 min. 38J secs. This is something superior to the Australian i record." j The attention of breeders is directed to the : advertisement in this ¡BSUS, sei ting forth the conditions of the Q T.C. Sires' Produce Stakes of 1890, open to foals of 1887. The par- ticulars are so clearly set forth by " Hip parioo " in the CQIOUÍHI that I cannot do better than reproduce his remarks -.-" A sweepstakes of 10 sovs. each, half forfeit, or 2 sovs. only if declared by April 30th, 1890, with 10 sovs. each from the owners of sires, and 300 SOVB. added by the Q.T.C., the nominator of the winner to receive 60 sovs. from the prize, second horse 10 and third horse 5 per cent on the gross amount of the pri/.e to be deducted thercirom. This stake should be worth between 400 and 500 sovs. to the winner, if breeders only study their own interests sufficiently to subscribe to it. New S iiith Welsh ov/nerB of stallions should in- vest in tlie stake, as it would ensure them a market in this colony for their young »-tock. It wi'l lie noticed that the cumbrous plan of nominating mares ie done away with, and that thc conditions of entry are most liberal, and it costs an owner who brings bis horse to thc post no cntrau'-c ninney whatever, whilst he can get out of all liability for his nomina- tions by a deferred payment, four years' license, of £2 u head." i An American exchange thus refers to Dew* il rup, thc great American filly :--14 s a. two I yeal-old she won for the Ran cocas stable six times out of ten starts earning something over 17,000 dollars, and thia year for the Dwyers out of twelve attempts ehe lias won I seven times and run second twice, with a total amount camed of 2G,(i75 dollars, so it I will he seen that lier expensive purchase for I 20,000 dollars was not much of a loss for thc Dwyer*." At the Charter Oak Park (America} Meet- ing on the 2nd September there was some tall trotting. Thc great event of thc day was thc Guarantee Stakes, of 10,000 dollars, and tire wtme to the poet. The first heat was won hy Helle K., who trotted thc mile in 2 minuten 1.*»^ seconds, nnd she al BO won the second in 2 minutes 10} seconds, hut after this »he tired, and Oliver K. won the next three heats straight off in 2 minutes seconds, 2 minutes lu'J seconds, and 2 minutes 18 seconds. The munificent sum of 7500 dollars has been given for a th ree-year-old stake- the American Derby-to be run at Chicago on the fi nt day of the Washington Park Outr Summer Meeting. _VENO. 