? It SOUTHERN TASMANIAN FOOT-' | HALL ASSOCIATION. I The association fittingly brought a successful football season to a close, by an athletic ; sports gathering on the new recreation-ground, Risdon, on Saturday last.' The, Weather was admirably suited for spot te' gathering of this kind, but the attendance, did not come up to anything like the expec- nations of the promoters, not numbering more than 300, therefore, financially, the meeting was, not a success. The management, who had made thorough preparations, decided that there should be no disappointment to those who did attend, and the meet as far as < close contests, good finishes and a thoroughly enjoyable day's outing was concerned, left ' nothing to be desired. ). The programme submitted embraced 18 items, which were all faithfully carried out, and the excellence of the finishes speaks well for Mr. Walter Webster's ability as a handicapped especially as he received his instructions almost at the last hour. The sports committee consisted of Messrs, Jno. Hayle, W. H Cundy, W. A Finlay, W. J. Roe. Mr. W. Webster as starter, Mr. S J. Lawrence as timekeeper, Messrs. J. McDonald land F. Lovett judges, and Mr. A. E. Lord as referee. All have experience in the management of sports of this kind, and their promptitude and punctuality in getting off the various events in good time is deserving of complimentary notice. During the day several impromptu contests were got up at the instance of Mr. D West, the competitors being 15 to 20 sturdy little nippers, ranging from 7 to 14 years of age, who afforded a great fund of amusement to the spectators by their terrific struggles for the small sums subscribed. Considerable interest was also centred in the Old Buffers Rice, in which many pedestrians verging well into the sere and yellow leaf took part. Some of these still preserved their gameness, but sadly over rated their powers when they discovered, after getting half way along the track, that their present dieting regime was not at all suited to excessive bodily exercises. The trophy was won by a sturdy old fellow named Harry Withers, aged 60, who rattled along at a surprising rate for an old ster. The following is the programme and the results of the various events : 'Footballers' Handicap, 150yds.- Prize trophies, first heat-A. Stuart, 1 ; A, M. Reid, 2. affix started. ' Reid led three parts of the way, when Stuart caught and passed him. winning easily. Time : lGsccs, Second heat G. Cherry (9yds.), 1 ; W. Eady, 2 ; T. Bagley (3yds ), 3. This was another good race, Cherry winning by barely half a yard. Time? : 15 4 5th sec. Go as YOO W.EASE (Juniors). On mile. Trophy. T. Robinson, 1 ; H. Rosendale, 2. Six OHt Of ten watered, started, Robinson winning with Syds, to spare. OrEjf Handicap, 150yds.- First prize, £4 ; second, £1. J. Marshall, 1 ; A. Stuart, 2 ; A. Williams, 3. Eight started. Marshall took the lead, and won by about half a yard from Stuart. Time : 15 3-5th sec. Second heat-R. McVilly (9yds.), 1 ; A. C. Eady (8yds.), 2. Five out of eight entered started, and after a splendid contest between McVilly and Eady, the former won by about a quarter of a yard. ' i I Shot for; Goal (Ju.nious).-N. Bonnitcha won this with a kick of 35yds. 2 High Jump (Juniors). Five entered, A. Eady winning with a jump of 4ft. 6in. FOOTBALLERS' SCRATCH RACE ISOVDS. Trophy. A. Eady, 1 ; W, H. Cundy, 2. Three started, Eady winning with about a yard to spare. Time: 16sec. ," ' ' drop-kick (Seniors). J. Dunlop won ' this with a kick of 24yds. ' ' ', Drop kick (Juniors). The prize fell to the lot of T. Robinson, who made a kick of 60yds. a a in a a i/ ') ' I One Mile Open Handicap.-First prize, £41; second, £1. A. Williams (50yds.), E C (Wright (35yds.), 2. Nine started " Wil- liams led from the start, and won one of the best contested races of the day by about six inches. Time ; 4min. 58sec. ' ' ' Old Buffers' Race, 125yds Prize trophy. HJ Withers, H; F Lovett, 2 ; S. J. Lawrence, 3. This race caused considerable amusement from the fact that half- the competitors caved in shortly after the start. Time : 14sec. v ' ' 'li 5 Footballers' Handicap, /410YDp.-Tro- phies. G. Cherry, 5yds., 1 ; G. Watt, 6yds 2 A splendid race between Watt and Cherry, the former giving in right on the tape, . Shot rat Goal (Seniors D W. H. Cundy appropriated the trophy! " .' \- Footballers' Handicap, 150yds Final heat, Eady, I ; A. Stuart and Cherry dead heat, Time : 15sec. Eady won by about quarter of a yard. Running with Ball (Skniors.1-W. H. Cundy, 1, Juniors. Lovett's. ' Hurdle Handicap, 150tds.-Trophies. T. | Bagley, 1 ; George Watt, 2. This resolved itself into a contest between Watt and Bagley, the former losing the race by knocking the last hurdle down. Many Rack, 125yds. Trophies. G. Seabrook and Murdoch, I ; U. Pringle and T. Robinson, 2. The former were the favourites, and justified their backers' anticipations by winning easily. Open Handicap, 100yds Final heat, R. McVilly, 1 ; Eady, 2. This was a grand finish, McVilly Winning just on the tape. Time: 54sec. , , , Go-as you Please (Seniors.), 2 Miles - Trophy. C. Hortin, 1 B Scanlon, 2. Horton won easily. > - t >, Consolation Race Handicap, 150yds. First prise, £1 ; second, 10s. , Ayres, I ; Marshall, 2. Another good race, Ayres winning by a few inches. New Zealand S«nsationalism.-Citizens In Wellington have recently been perturbed by the vagaries of a " ghost," which the police avow they cannot capture, though some say that the police will not, because they know his ghost ship to be in the flesh and the son of a high public official, and thus he is let continue his vagaries. The Auckland Herald, not to be outdone in sensational items, publishes alarming reports of on alleged monstrous saurian reptile seen in a creek near Hamilton. This morning it states, on the authority of one of the masters of the Auckland Grammar School, that the creature is something like a sea serpent, and was seen swimming up the Waikato river, lashing the water with its tail, which seemed to furnish locomotive and guiding power. The natives allege that it. is " Taniwha," but the Herald inclines to the belief that it is an alligator. Two tourists, it appears, saw the water monster, with a head like an alligator, in the Waikato River nearly a fortnight ago, and a year ago at the same spot a native girl was found dead in a stream in 'that 'vicinity with the flesh stripped from one arm. 'The general opinion' is that it is " Taniwha "-in other words, a myth. 