MISCELLANEOUS. Heavy rains have fallen at Silverton. The Lantern cartoon, which relates to the civil service reductions, is well drawn and amusing. The Advertiser says it is alleged that nearly £10,000 has been paid by the Cradock Vermin Board on falsified returns. lieWs Life in London, the oldest sporting paper iu England, has been discontinued after a checkered career of 64 years. Mr. Tuke, a well-known philanthropist, has distributed 1,500 tons of seed among the famishing peasantry of the west coast of Ireland. In spite of four famines in India in the last 26 years, which killed off millions of the population, the number of inhabitants steadily increased as a whole. Some fat Lincoln sheep with good fleeces from the South-East fetched from 28s to 36s per head in the Adelaide market last week. Things seem to be bad in the Honolulu Parliament. A Minister protests against the copper-colored nobles of the land com ing into the House while hopelessly drunk. It is literally true that population in creases most rapidly among the lowest classes and in the most precarious conditions of subsistence. Lord Rothschild and family contribute a sum approaching £10,000 a year towards the education and clothing of the pupils of the Jews* Free School, London. The man T. Taylor, who recently beat his wife to death in Victoria, has been tried for murder. As both were drunk at the time of the tragedy a verdict of man slaughter was returned against Taylor. The Burra footballers want to arrange a match with Olare. We wonder whether the Clare footballers have migrated. They have not been seen or heard of lately, and the oval is deserted. The London Telegraoh saya that General Wolseley considers Mr. Gladstone a traitor, and has refused to have any social inter course whatsoever with him. The general will not even sit at the same table witb him. An American nurseryman claims to be able to grow apples without cores. His theory is to bend the twig when the size of a small elder, and insert the top in the ground. When the top takes root suffi ciently cut it off near the root and stake it off perpendicularly. The English papers nre growing excited because a doctor has slit open a young lady's stomach and successfully removed therefrom a mass of hair weighing about a pound. The young lady probably slept with her mouth open, and her back hair drifted down her throat during the silent watches of the night. The export of game and crayfish, &c;, from Germany to Paris forms a more im portant item than is generally supposed. Germany sent 230,000 hares of the 250,000 last year consumed in the French metropolis. The Fatherland also eent to France, and chiefly to Paris, 11,000 stags and deer, be sides 200 boars. In crayfish the trade with France has of late likewise assumed enormous proportions. The Terowie paper reports: — All the miners at Ulooloo seem to be getting a little gold, and we understand that Cullen and party, Tom Gray and party, Wright and party, Connor and party and others are making fair wages. There are about 120 men at work on the fields at present, includ ing the Government party, and more are ar riving every day. The auriferous country extends for several miles, so there is plenty for all and a very fair prospect of doing well. The Adelaide correspondent of the Kapunda paper writes : — There was fun in tbe police court in the days when erring old John Bond Phipson was so often brought before Mr. Beddome for drunkenness. Mr. Beddome was in the early times Bond Pbipson's clerk. What a turning of the tables ! So humorous deil-may-care Phip son, confronted with his apotheosised amanuensis as the magistrate who was to try him, would say, to the horror of tbe ordinaries — *' Now, Beddome, old cock, let me ofi with 5s for the sake of auld lang syne.' And often the magistrate has paid the fine he himself inflicted. Mr. Beddome was a clerk, too, to brave old Tolmer, who past 70 — with a host of young bairns to think of — with no work to do, and with very little provision against disabling sick ness — lives out his life at Mitcham in com parative poverty, considering what he ought to have. Talk of the ups and downs of the colonies ! The Port Pirie paper reports the follow ing : — Owing to the action of a contractor here in refusing to pay his men, the working men of Port Pirie resolved to show their disapproval of such shabby conduct by burning him in effigy. Accordingly from about 7 till 9 on Wednesday a goodly-sized procession, headed by a stalwart effigy and a banner with ' J. & F. Donly' inscribed on it, paraded our principal thoroughfare, and each time when opposite the de linquents they gave vent to their feelings in loud and prolonged hooting and yelling. Amongst the processionists was a fantasti cally-attired personage representing, we suppose, a red Indian, whilst another (looking somewhat like an antiquated female) appeared in rather a ghost-like garb of white. Large crowds collected in the streets (attracted thither, no doubt, by the not very musical band accompanying the processionists), and for a time great hilarity prevailed. At about 9 o'clock ' Joe,' as the effigy was familiarly called, was marched off to the northern end of the town, where he was cremated amidst manifestations of great delight. The Adelaide correspondent of tbe Kapunda paper says: — Friends of mine here had letters from members of the Aus tralian Eleven and others interested in them, and tbe burden of most of these communica tions is the extraordinary jealousies and friction said to be affecting the team. This may have bad something to do with the play. One of our representatives, George Giffen, is recognised as having a keen eye for his professional reputation. Few mou know better how to look after the great first numeral. When he was playing here with local clubs his wishes had to be studied to a nicety, or there was dreadful trouble in the camp. It is now said he con siders that he has not had a fair share of tho bowling in the English matches, and that after the game at Sheffield he even in disgust demanded his passage money so as allow him to come back, and leave the rest of the team to eternally disgrace themselves in his absence. Giffen may be a good man — is a good man. As a cricketer wo are proud of him, whatever we may think of him in any other sphere of life ; but he shouldn't expect the clouds of heaven to envelop him when he walks by day, or a special lightning display to be pot up whenever he designs to foot the earth by night, i 