MARTIN DEVERIL'S DIAMOND. A NOVEL. CHAPTER LL WHAT CICELY SAID. (Concluded.) Br ADELINE SEBGEAIK, Author of " JAOOBI'S Wm, ft He reached the station—he did not shirk the familiar road, nor the well-known wood, which would henceforth be known as the scene of Le Breton's murder by Joel Bray. As he reached the gate he noticed that a change was already taking place. Some of the trees were felled—there were piles of branches on the ground; in the distance the ringing strokes of an axe could be heard. " It looks as if she meant to have it cut down," said Giles to himself. Poor Brale Wood! I often searched it for 41 birds' nests and wild orchids In the spring. It will give pleasure to nobody now, I suppose. There is a trail of blood over the springing grasses, and the birds have all been scared from their nests in the alder trees. Better, perhaps, that it should perish from the face of the earth. It is strange how reluctant I feel at this moment to go down that path myself. One would think that I dreaded to meet poor Le Breton's ghost at the end of it, I most conquer this. He pushed open the gate resolutely and walked down the path with a grave and steadfast face. He recognised the place where he himself had struck Le Breton to the earth for some insulting sentence about Cicely; he knew from description the veiy spot where Joel Bray sprung upon his enemy, where Clifford Vargrave had watched the fray, and afterwards had robbed the dying man, where Carnforth had hidden herself and spied upon them all. He paused when he came near the gate into the park, and looked back. The scene was full of vague, uudeveloped beauty. Winter was going; the first flush of early spring had begun to colour the branches; the sunlight played amongst the delicate interlacing boughs, between which the faint blue of the sky showed itself without a cloud. It was one of those mild and cheerful days that come to us when we are expecting nothing but the rigour of cold east wind and frost and snow, the sunshine of which seems more kindly and more beautiful than the glow of a July noon, because we have expected it less, and scarcely hoped for it at all, Giles was so much absorbed in thought that he did not hear the sound of a footstep behind him, the rustle of a woman's dress. He did not move for some time, and it was with a heavy sigh that he at last turned round and laid his hand upon the gate. Ajad then he found himself face to face with Cicely Lorraine. " Cicely !" he said in his surprise. Then he remembered himself and flushed with embarrassment and vexation. He had never called her by her Christian name before. " I beg your pardon," he said, lilting his hat ceremoniously. But she held out her hand to him with a look that told him he had no need to ask pardon ; she had not been offended by his breach of good manners; her face was full of a joy that made it beautiful to behold. "Need I say that lam glad to see you ?' she said, as she gave him her hand. He pressed it gratefully, but his eyes fell. He felt himself guilty and miserable in her presence—knowing what he meant to do, and being resolved to do it. "Come away from here," she said, "and walktwith me through the park. " Sou are having some of the trees cut down, I see." "I am having the whole wood cut down. In a few weeks there will not be a trace of it left. I will not have a single landmark by which one can know where—where that terrible thing took place." There was a momentary silence; and then Giles spoke, with some emotion in his voice. " Your faith in me was a great help, Miss Lorraine. But for your beUef in me—yours, and Philip's, and my boy's—what should I have done V" "Of course we believed in you," said Cicely. " How could we help it?" " It is very good of you to say so. Everybody did not. You are taking me up to the house, Miss Lorraine. May I go instead to my favourite place—the children's gardens ?" Perhaps you would like to go alone." " No. I should like you to go with me, if you wilL" They walked on for a time in silence, until they came to the little plots of ground where Giles and his sisters had played in childhood. The gardens were all beautifully tended. There were snowdrops and crocuses growing in them, and a breath of fragrance told of the presence of violets in the shade of the hawthorn bush. Then Giles forced himself to say what he had come to say. " This is my last look. I wanted to see them again—and you. I wanted to thank you for your kindness. But—I am going away with Will to live out of England, probably for years." He did not actually look at her, but he knew that her face had turned very pale. She shivered as if a cold wind had blown between them, and then she said quietly— "Why?" That little monosyllable was difficult to answer. Giles hesitated. " It will be good for Will. He is delicate. And I think I want a change too. The hut few weeks have been very trying to us both. It will be good for me too, I hope, as well as for Will, to get away." " And for me?" said Cicely. She never knew hew or why she said it; she only knew that the spectacle of her own future desolation drove her to desperate ventures. She said the words, and looked him in the face for a moment with white lips and wide, grieving, reproachful eyes. And then came a rush of crimson to her pale cheeks, a flood of tears to her eyes. She turned away and hid her face in her hauds. "You?" said Giles. And then, almost before he knew what he was doing, he had drawn her into his arm. "Cicely, I must go," he said. "Then you must take me with you," she answered, with a mingled sob and laugh, which was as sweet in Giles's ear . as the cooing of a wood-pigeon. For she felt safe and satisfied, with Giles's arm round her, and his lips pressing her forehead, which was all that ne could see of that sedulously hidden face. She had even spirit enough to be saucy, for she murmured immediately afterwards, " Why did you come to tell me if you meant to leave me behind?" "You thought I should 'love and ride away ?' Cicely, my darling. That is exactly what I meant to do. But I can't leave you, I find. And yet " "Yet you are half sorry that you came down to Ladywell at all," said Cicely, lifting her head from the resting-place that it had found. " You know, Cicely," he said, geatly, " it is never pleasant for a man to seem to be living on his wife's bounty. It is your wealth that has stood between us; the very fact of your possessing my old home. The world will say " ^ T " Never mind what it says. Do I live to hear jou, the man of high ideals and large culture, talking about what the world will say ?" asked Cicely, with a bewitching mixture of fun and earnest. " I am ashamed of you. And as for me, the world will be just as censorious; for it will say that I was only too glad to join myself to the old family and Income one ol the real old Kinglakes ! And, in my case, the world won't be far wrong." "My dear little girl," he said, "if you understand me and believe in me" " We can afford to let the world go by. But," she said, with a sudden blush and an inclination to hide her face again, " I could not have spoken as I did but for the remembrance of that day—the day when T last saw you—and I have never told anybody, but I could not forget it. And I hope you don't think me very bold and unmaidenly." " Look up, my darling," said Giles, smiling, " and let me do again what I did then, and what I have repented doing ever since—till now." She looked up, and he kissed her on the lips, as he had kissed her on the day when they parted many weeks before. She had lived upon the memory of that kiss, and a whispered word or two, ever since; but nobody had ever learnt the secret of those whispered words, that stolen caress. They had told her that he loved her, and her own heart had responded to the touch; but as long as she could not see him she had doubted almost as much as she had hoped. Repented it ?" said Cicely. " Yes, love ; because I had such a wrecked and ruined life to offer you. is not the stain upon me even worse than the brand of poverty ?" " There is no stain upon you; you are honoured for your courage and for your suffering. Why should you talk about a stain? And I will not heae'a word more about your poverty; you are not poor: you have the brain, the will, the capacity that 1 lack, and you will have need of them; for you are the master of Ladywell Priory now, and I have nothing to do with it. I abdicate." He stood grave, irresolute. He did not like the thought of receiving gifts, even from his wife's hand; but Cicely knew how to change the current of his thoughts. " Think of Will's coming here," she said. " How he will enjoy the gardens, Giles! When the summer comes he can lie on the lawn in the sunshine, and drive about with us through the country lanes. Ob, I am sure he will learn to love Lady well—and me, too, perhaps, though at present, you know, he i ates us both !'' Not you, my darling." " At any late he does not like the thought of thariog sou with anybody else; you must let him understand that I shall never come between him and you, Giles; you will be to him all you have ever been before—and he muBt put up with me as well." •* There is no fear but that he will soon learn to love you," said Giles. " I must confess, Cicely, that I was wretched at the thought of leaving England." "It was very wrong of yon, sir," said Cicely, giving him a sweet look. "In fact, we nearly mismanaged the whole matter; and if I had not had a little more sense than you—" " We should have been miserable for life. I must not forget," said Giles, gravely, " that the proposal came from you." "Indeed, it did no Bach thing J" cried Cicely, with audacious mendacity, and then they went back to the house as happy as two people well can be in this sublunary world. "Will," said his father to him that night, you need not pack np your curiosities just yet. We are not going abroad until a little later in the year." " Why not, daddy ?" "I've made a different arrangement. I may be away from you for a few days in March, but not for long. Then we will have a long, pleasant excursion together to all the places we want to see—Rome and Venice and the Rhino—eh, old fellow ?" "That will be delightful" said Will, thoughtfully. Then he tmated himself round and looked eagerly into his father's face. "What has made you change your come with us. Will. Don't be afraid, my laddie; she will not make me love you one bit the less. And you will love her too, Will—first for my sake, and then for her own." " it's Miss Lorraine, I suppose," said Will, pulling at a button of his father's coat, and keeping his eyes fixed on that." "lea, It's Miss Lorraine." Then there was a short silence. " I'd just as soon it was Miss Lorraine as anybody," said Will by-and-by, with a little twitching of his features, and a tear on his eyelashes, " because she is pretty and nice —but then, daddy, dear, she is so rich !" " That was my own objection," said Giles, inadvertently. " What, when she asked you ?" asked Will, brightening up. " You stupid boy, ladies don't ask gentlemen to marry them." "Don't they? Oh, I thought they did sometimes. And it is Leap Year," quoth Will, innocently. "Are you quite sure she didn't, father? Why, you're colouring up quite red! Oh, well!"—in a tone of extreme satisfaction—"I don't mind at all if it was she that asked you first? Of course, you couldn't say * No.'" 