Cardinal Mdranjs Visit. AT^ rj.nj _on Wednesdw, a proces gfin ifc^nshting of you nf ladies and cfliftreh- belonging t63 the ^Eoinan ^itholic'Oliurch' and Hi membei's of %t. Patrick's Guild parlded through fl&iieSantlipharp; streeti, Qppiiia, on their way 'to meet Cai-diiiki Moran as he was appioacliiiigJCooma. One gentleman headed the/procession as cross bearer, nnd thrds banners of the shape of crosses wfre borne aloft. Most of the young ltdies and girjs were neatly dressed in white, with cardinal sashes, and! some of the hoys liid gowns of (white and car dinaj. JTheie were ajhout 130 in the procession that left JCoouia. Previ ously a large number of persons drove and rode out tp Bunyan, where 'Cardinal Moran was met. As soon a| hip buggy appeared, at the bridge, te^wais preeted with cheers. Be tween Bunyan Bridge and Cooma, the Sunday ' school children, mar shalled by their teachers, and the St. Patrick's Guildj-approached Car dinal. Mbran. Banners were un-: furled, and the children and Guild members headed the procession into town.'to, the 'gates of St. Patrick's. Church, where ' Cardinal Moran ' passed under the triumphal arch, on either side of which' was a flag, one a blue flug with a red, cross and wJHte.stars., As they passed through thejitreets, the Cooma Brasi Band, ; which' 'was 'driven in one. of Mr. PooleyVs -coaehos drawn ''by six grev horses; iplayed. inspiriting : inusio.-,. The procession was very regular and Idoked niee. : As may be. expected, the church was crowded to excess. The members ol the Guild courteously found a table, and seats fur the Press. Members of all denominations were pieaept. . About 300 persons were, in attendance; in the processing we observed upwards of 220, inciting many magistrates and old and in fluential residents, Many of the ladies of the district went to Bunyan to take part, iii the festival Car dinal Moran was driven from Billy lingra by; thecVery Rev. Dean Slat teiy in his' buggy. An interval of a few minutes elapsed after the arrival, of the people, when the Cardinal, robed in hat and gown, appeared at the entrance to the church, and the choir chanted a hymn of thanks giving. Having walked up the aisle of the church, preceded by six or seven boys robed in altar dress, Car-: dinal Moran tuok hi: place on tho throne, the Very Rev. Dean Slattery being on the right hand, and the Eev Mr. Ginning on the left, of his Eminence, whilst the private secre tary (the Rev. Dr. O'Haran) took his place near the centre of the altar, which, with the interior of the space railed in, was magnificently . draped with banners and decorated with choice flowers and evergreens.. Messrs. M. Harnett, Alexander Montague, Dr. Clifford, Messrs. Thos. W. Faulkner, James Thompson, D.' O'Rourke, J's.P.; and James H. Mon tague, M.A., then advanced to the throne, where the following address was read clearly and distinctly, by Mr. James Montague : — To the .Wont Her. Fatricl; FrtncU IToran,' Cardinal Priest, Archbishop of Sydney and Metropolitan. . . Hay it please your Eminence, — We, the Catholics of, the Cooma portion of Manaro, most respectfully approach yonr Eminence and with great joy welcome you to our district, Living in the moBtremote part of the Arclidiooese, we haro not had, an opportunity hitherto of testifying— as! wo do-now— our deep and' affectionate: veneration for your Eminence's person Wd character, together With ' our hearty joy at' your elevation to the Sapred Purple. We feel that in creating yoli a OnrdinftVour: . Holy Father has not only given public tes timony of hit appreciation *-£ your .great merits, fervent piety, and profound learn ing, but has also conferred 'on the colony an honor which has been highly appreciated, and which adds one other tender tie to those already existing between the Catholics of Australasia and the See of Peter. Wo regret to have to inform your Emi nence that inconsequence of p. long and disastrous drought, from which bur district; has severely su dared, and isstill su/feriug, ire have been unable to press on the erec tion of our Convent as rapidly, as our re spected pastor — to whose untiring zeal and unceasing perseverance we are indebted for tho building reaching its preient utage— ; and ourselves noiild have .wished ; tmt we hope ere long to he in a position to bring it to a happy and s'ucoessftil completion. In conclusion, we humbly priiy tint the Almighty may long snare your Eminence to rule over us: and respectfully asking. yourblessinguponour- sealou8andesteemed pastor, |ourselves and' our families, wo re main your Eminence's faithful children in Christ , ? . ?.; ? ' Signed on behalf of the Catholics of the district of Oooum— '? ? ' M.. Hakkett. I A; HoNtAQtfE. JoaN Cuffobd. I D. O'Rourke....' , After the presentation of the ad-' dress, each gentleman then .stepped ' up to Cardinal Moran, kissed his hand, and received his blessing. ? a. deputation . from tne, members of St. Patrick's Guild, consisting of Messrs. David O'Rourke, ^.P,FJor. ence J. McAuliffe, E. Dodds, David Mahonyi' -jaflior, i anfli' Stoles, then approached Cardinal Mprap, when Mr/Wvidt|P;fla^Vke:¥aaiifithe|ja'p'- To 7.ti Emimitte Patrick 'fratuut'CardimlMoran Ar^lap'^Sya^^andpaestttcrJ.pi-s- May it Mease y'oar BmuufibeVP-.^^V Jiv.V We, 'the menibars of St. P»thok Branch of tho-Aii8tcaiJsiftn JJoly^Q&taolic; Ouild. Oo*niafrespbbHuHy and affectionately ap proaohiyoir Eniinenoe *nd lender ..joU a 'jki&MWe; V^e ttfl»goon»;i% * .+?-.?? , 4allB^iup6ii Tbu)P^riBbioii8 utno .%e tavo'^vot tod befofg^Jay^TiB^laMnreof^eia'onal ^tmKtijmu ?3aaVe noge to mdyanoo ;the iii er^te«tBm-*bly»elG!idn»otiuiilaio- rn1*o, taken in the advapcBmenVofihB'Bpciety of wnich we are i, branch, «h'd-.tn. rBtgrn we humbly tender you ' our most'; affectionate and sincere thanks, asd iffer you our hearty allegiance.: .'';?_?:, ^ :-':, '' When the electric; wire'flaBh:edvthe sad news of tho death o( your Eminence'* illus trious predecessor, we, in coramon witli the Cathglics of Australia', 'folt th»t a wiiole pillar of our church liad faljen.^bVt 4a your Eminence wo recngniss :^an abie, zealous, and highly gifted successor -one of ' wiiom t He children ot tho 'Island of Saiuts ' have every reason to be proud..- ? Tendering your Eminence a hearty wel come once more, and begtfing your blessing pu the Very Rev. Dean Slattery, our de ?voted 'Chaplain, and ourselves, we remain, F. J. MoAntlFFE, Warden; E. Dodds,. Treasurer. D. Mahont, Secretary. Having each kissed Cardinal Moran's hand, and received his bless ing, the members of St. Patrick's Holy Catholic Guild retired to the body ot the church. ? Both:. addresses were handsomely illuminated anj framed, and they were well .engrossed by Mr. John Hailorah (joint hon. secretary with Mr. F. Montague).. Cardinal Moran thanked them most sincerely for the kindness and affection that dictated those beautiful addresses. He had long wished to visit this beautiful part of the district to be a witness of that piety and de voted ness for which the Catholics of Manaro are famed in this vast, diocese. He hid come in the fulfil ment of the arduous ditties which the episcopate had imooseii unon him. to smofothen anydilHcuties that might arise, and to heal an v breach. He anticipated that his work would be but little in this respect. He con gratulated them upon the very benut.il'ul church they had ereetejjg and upon having a valuable bra0fli ot the Holy Catholic Guild ninoni; them. The Catholic Guild cherishes a spirit of peace, charity, and be nevolence. He congratulated them upon the beautifiul Convent in course of erection. He hoped a return of prosperity would soon spread sun shine upon them, He congratulated them upon the happy spirit of con cord that animated all classes in this district. It was their duty to pro mote the interests of this land. The energetic and intelligent race that had made its home in this part of the world, with their native and manly descendants, were full of vigor, full of life. The people wore entering upon a brilliant path, and a grand future awaited this great colony. ' Its natural and material resources were vast ; the great richness of its plains could scarcely be calculated. What made a nation so great was its spirit of concord, peace, and charity, such as was shown here by all classes of the community. He hoped, after devotions this afternoon, to again ad dress a few words to them. Cardinal Moran then ascended the altar, and gave his blessing to the assemblage. The choir sang 'Faith of our Fathers,' itnd the Cardinal and his rev. associates retired. The Very Rev. Dean Slattery said his Eminence would preach at 7 o'clock in the. evening, and the Can tata would be given at 10 o'clock in the morning. Confirmation would take place at half-past 10 on Thurs day morning. Candidates for con firmation should attend at 7 o'clock that evening to receive final instruc tions. As the representative of the Catholics of the district, ha tf-nrWorl his thanks to the ladies and gentle men of other denominations who went.to meet the Cardinal and helped to make his reception so brilliant. It was a grand thing £o. experience such a broad, generous, and liberal spirit. On an occasion like this they! could bury their litt'.e differences, and meet one whom they considered was an honor to the church. ? ' : The congregation then dispersed til! 7 p.m. On Wed nesday evening thechurch ?wasfilled. After devotional exercises' to St. Mary, Cardinal Moran, with' the Very Rev. Dean Slattery, Bov. Vt Gunning, and his Eminence's pri vate secretary, officiated on iheaftaiiy ... Hymns were sung by. the choir, Miss Morton and Mr. C. J. Byrnes giving much assistance .' with the sacred music. . - .?' Cardinal Moran said : Bearly be loved! 'brethern in Christ;-^! ami happy to be assembled with you this; afternoon ''? jn^ybiir; tribute, ^f. piety ' that you have just presented to the' Mother of Jesua.- No matter ? what Catholic Church they enter, whether it be In the great centres of ciyiliza tiou in Europe or in the rude struc- ' tares that haye been! erected in the desertsof Africa or the dense forests of Chios, .they will find the children : of thfe church offering their tributes bf piety to the Immaculate Mary. She has been exalted by her Maker. They honor hei- because it has pleased Giid and the Divine Saviour tohonor her. In the light of : faith . it aome tinies ; happens that the eimplest trutUs.fihine.with {tbe clearest bright ness; If they look to the heavens, ttey; were able to Scan innumerable stars, fiut let of make use oif the advantages that science has placed in out reach, In all their brightpess and fulness, simple truths present themselves to their minds. .. :Tha, h)^?pcl ''Virgin, is a - creature '? lib. fhemsBl veL'*$Nho ,Uis ?:ithe r-jWesf|,ea J^^in*,j;Ws-lionor Wr becauae '^ ^aBJte|n-!chMe£ is tibd begib'aer of *mr ^oys ' 1yr^yi|g Jo us €he ;Ee d?efliei^St, ^hiBj|*p^d^*HjQ- flj^ heel would crush the serpenjb's h'sad. . As prophecy went ' on, from age to ago, tributes of eulogy were pre sented to this blessed woman.. She was typified in the ark as tho Jily of the valley. She was born immacu late, did not come tothe world stained mih sin. From day to day she en hanced her value by being perfect in all her wa;,s. How tho archangel saluted her. Tt was a niessengerfrom the throne of God, a most choico spirit, who addressed hoi-, ' Hail, all full of grace, the Lard is with thee.' They were words from the lips of the archangel thatresounded through all parts of the world. They always saluted Mary as one fi»r ennobled above the angels because the dignity of mother of God was far above tliein God has pleased to honor, to elevate her,. to invest her with a special dig nity. ' 'We pay to her our fealty. If a- Governor comes to. these shores in her Majesty's name, we do not dero gate our loyalty by paying homage to him, for it is referred back to the Queen he represents. So it is with our homage tothe Immaculate Mary, who was the. mother of tho divine infant born in the humble cabin. He was the son of God, who, by his expiations on Cavalry for the sins of mankind,' offered to us the blessings of God. 'He who commanded chil dren to honor their parents was the first to show, the example by giving to Mary the tribute of his love. He was obedient, to -the Virgin Mary as is a child to tire most loving mother. In Offering homage to her, are we not ' following in his footsteps ?. If we are in the sight of Heaven invested with the privileges of the children of God, we owe it to being united with our Saviour, who has invested us with his character. If the biassed Virgin is his true mother, we are by adoption the true children of Mary, He received his human nature from her blessed bosom. He would ask them to come with him in memory to the little town of Gaililee, in Ca naan. At ths morning feast, the Blessed Virgin was present. When the wine ran short for the guests the Blessed Virgin apptoached the feet of the Lord and told him of it. At the mere whisper of t'.io chosen mother, he performed the stupendous miracle of changing the water into wine. Are we to suppose she is less attentive to the wants oi her dear children ? If she sees the fire of charity growing cold in our natures,, ahe will whisper to her son to grant them the blessings which they standi in need of.' At Calvary we see our Divine Saviour bound in ignominy to the cross, suffering the penalty of our sins. At the foot of the cross we see his own blessed mother. He savs to his mother, 'Behold thy son.' To the end of time tlia church be lieve the cherished command was given to St. John to look to th-* Virgin as their blessed mother. He tells us the Virgin Mary shall be s mother to us, toa pray for us, and to obtain for us all the gifts needed by her children. The Blessel Virgin, says, ' My sou! duth magnify the Lord, for He hath dono great things for me ;' and, inspired by the Holy Ghost, she says, ' Henceforth all generations shall call me blessed.'' It was only in the Catholic Church. these tributes ol piety were offered!. Till 300 years ago that tribute was paid by all churches, when some re fused. Wherever we see a nation enlightened with true faith, there will we see faithful hearts offering tributes of piety to the Blessed Virgin. I trust you will long con tinue in this church to love and salute we salute her as the comforter. Sha is . the refuge of ';'sinnera. Sn/j would obtain from her divine Srja the grace that would enable us, to, enter through the portals of Hee.veo. It is -as thus we call upon her V^s the patron - of the . Catholic Chq rch in Australia. Mary is the true help. of ChriBtinns. She watches over us in, our pilgrimage ' below, and eh» strengthens us in our weakness. ' It was then announced by GafdinaU Moran that he would celebrate mas&, a't^oVilock next morning, and. heftf confirmation at 10 o'clock. The Cardinal addressed the con gregation after devotions on St Mary again on Thursday, night,^ and said he would speak on temperance last night. '' . - . ; - ,. : . A large number of Catholics at tended ,£t. Patrick's GhurcK at the early mass, and.at 10 o'clock many candidates, young and old, receivad ' from Cardinal Moran therites of ' confirmation. The young ladies con- ', firmed Were appropriately dressed ¥ ;Wraay,-Carajhal Moran will lea- » Cooma for Nimity belle. ...*' ' ? ; ^.supplementary baz«-.ar in tj&'.tf. t} !^,S8?W P^)mbala, wiUle SlS«j?bel'd^fc^U^ v- A ^u»^r^ubHcai epeafes in ^e .SHLW^* terms*! ^ut- Inspector ? ' * id the testimony is the more rraciow'4 ?n a^nt; «)t Mr. Baker f?^ well*kbdwn as ia.^trict teeto ™.or. -. ? '?' ??,??? -;'???!.???'? '?- '. : The thin [end of the wedge for a tax on newspapers has been intro duced by the ion. F.B. Suttor, the: PostmisteKGeneral, Jij' charging Idi on a newspaper redirected foQueens. land. This «raply means that if We - send apajpertoaconstituenf, aha he *otwlMK:it te^uoensland, Jhe wi* *aYj&; :;Jbol pub ?aildilsMnprin It.. y*P-ra^(«iH iaye' to'^^Bht direct 