I CAMIOU : A GIRL WITH A FORTUNE. BY JUSTIN M'CARTHY, Author of « Miss Misanthrope,' Maid of Athens.' etc. Chapter XLVII. — His Last Chance. The festivities at Fitzurse House west on all the same, although Jethro Merridew ooald have no part in them. Merry was the world, though he was dead.1 writes Mr. At orris of a somewhat more interesting person than poor Jethro Merridew ; and it would take the world of Fitzurseham very little time indeed to get over its feeling of grief at the Iosb of Jethro Merridew. But it is only just to eay that Mrs. Pollen and most of her guests knew nothing of the old man's death until the night's revelries were well nigh over, and by that time some of them at least had other things to think of. The gardens were starred with coloured lamps. The newest devioes of South Kensington fetes made the waters of the fountain leap up in many tinted radiance to the vast dark of the evening skies, and filled the hearts of Fitznrseham youth, and like wise indeed Fitzurseham old age, with wonder and ecstaey. The night was so fine and warm for the time of the year that many were Induced to come from the orowded and heated rooms into the cool, pure air, and so the coloured fountains had plenty of admirers. Nothing oould be a sadder and a vainer spectacle in its way than a coloured fountain displaying all itB prodigality of tints and its high- soaring jets of aotivity with no one to look on and admire. The coloured fountains of Fitzurse House were spared that humiliation by the singular fineness of the night. Mrs. Pollen received her guests in the great drawingroom on the ground floor. She was dressed very plainly this night, and made little display of jewellery. She was very proud of the fact that she now knew all her company by sight, and oould addrese every Fitzursehamite who came by his or her name, and made some appropriate inquiry. The room was already beginning to be orowded. Romont, in his character of Albanian Joseph, hung about a little in the background, but yet in ostensible attendance on Mrs. Pollen, and occasionally summoned to her side by a signal from her fan and bidden to do this or that for her. Suddenly he drew back and all but oonoealed himself in a crowd of admiring and yet shrinking Fitzursehamites, some of whom looked on Albanian Joseph as a sort of creature hardly less wondrous and out of their way than a ghost. Romont drew back and was trying to conceal himself because he saw Camiola come in, and he did not like to be seen by her just then and in his Albanian masquerade, which he feared would bring unpleasant recollections back to her mind. Camiola had chosen a richer and more matronly style of dress than she usually affected. Mrs. Pollen had asked her to dress herself particularly nicely for the pleasure of the Fitzursehamites, and Camiola, like a good girl, did as she was told. Her robe of old-fashioned brooade, in the nondescript colouring of which all shades of yellow and brown seemed to blend agreeably, fell in straight folds round her form and had a severe simplicity which was in keeping with her somewhat grave mien and the erect carriage of her head. She held a great round fan of yellow and brown ostriah feath rs whioh might have been borne by one of the stately dames who had in old time orowded the slippery staircase of Fitzurse House. Golden brown plumes nestled in her bodice, confined by a quaint ornament of topaz and pear), and there were topazes in her brow . hair and round her girlish neck. She might, except for her warm and healthy vitality, have been one of the beautiful shadows of an old time with whom Mrs. Pollen's imagine tion used onoe to people tbe rooms. So Mrs. Pollen, too, was thinking, and suddenly she saw that Christian Pilgrim, who was aoting generally as a sort of major-domo, was gazing at the girl with a look of intense admiration and melanoholy, as if some thongbt of tbe same kind were passing through bis mind Somebody stopped Camiola and spoke to her ; it was Yinnie Lammas. The contrast wae carious ; the rich dress, the healthy vigorous beauty, the splendour of movement as well bb adornment of the one girl, and the pale, distressed look of the other, with her neat but somewhat shabby get up, and her aspect of unsuitably with the plaee and the erowd. The contrast was perhaps the more striking because Vinnie was looking very pretty and picturesque in her way. Poor Pilgrim looked sadly at them both ; he was even more pallid than usual. Mrs. Pollen felt that something was wrong with him. She called Romont to her, and, in a low tone, asked him to look after Pilgrim ; to get into talk with him ; and find if anything was wrong. Romont promised, and as he was going away turned baok just for a moment. They spoke in the eemi-Italian jargon which they used oh such occasions. Doesn't she look lovely to-night, my queen.girl ?' he whisperedi bis head bent in Joseph's habitual attitude of deference. ' Young man,' Mrs. Pollen responded, ' do you think I am in the habit of conversing with menials on the personal oharms of the young ladies I receive in my houre ? Have ycu spoken to her V she added quickly, Not yet. I haven't had the chance. Must it be done while I am in this mummer's costume V 'It must. That is my idea altogether. You have a better right to speak to her in that mummer's oostums, qb you oali it, than in any other. It was in that you found her out.' ' I believe you are right,' he said. ' Thank you — I am always right.' The Rector and Lady Letitia had already come, and were mingling with the guests ; he awkward and ehy, she doing her very best, and apparently with much success, to hide for the moment the varied feelings of her heart, perturbed by mingled sorrow, joy, and anxiety. Would Janette come ? Yes ; Jsnette j actually bad come. She was very pale, and looked singularly pretty, and the effort she was making to throw her soul into the business of tbe evening gave a sparkle to her eyes which was like the light of pleasure for those who are not qoick in seeing any difference between one light and another. Camiola had been miserably unhappy all day. She began to look forward more aud more with dread and shame to the prospect of marriage with Georgie Lisle. If she went out to Egypt, she knew it must be ; and now they were going to Egypt. The keen strain of anxiety about Georgie'e life was over; everyone said the campaign was virtually at an end. He was safe ; he would soon be in oivilised Cairo again ; he was a hero ; why should she any longer be compelled to go near him ? Had he not enough now ? How absurdly inconsistent this all was, to be sure. To promise a man that she would marry him if he should e«cape alive out of the danger, and then to think that she ought to be released from her promise because that 1 very condition had been fulfilled and he had esoaped out of the danger — surely a less i intelligent girl than Camiola must have seen tbe utter inooueistenoy and absurdity of such conduot. Exactly, and Camiola did see it, but she oould not make things any different. She oould not make her feelings at the present hour the same as they were in those moments of prostration and despondency when she was ready to promise anything rather than see her dear Lady Ltitia in grief. We da not ask our right-minded readers to forgive Camiola. We readily admit that she ought to have been ever so much wiser , that she ought to have always known her own mind ; that ehe ought, under no matter what dis tracting conditions and distressing mental oonfiiots, to have invariably done, said, and thought the right thing. Bat then this is a story about a girl who did not always eay and do tbe right thing, whose heart and head did not always work quite well and harmoniously together, a girl who sometimes made mistakes and had to be sorry for them, a very human sort of girl, just a woman and a sister. Among her many inconsistencies of mind and purpose wae that of which Bhe was distinctly conscious in going to this festival at Fitzurse House. She dreaded, positively dreaded, meeting Romont there, ami yet at j moments she felt that eae would give her life j ju«t to see him lor one?, and there. ' Must I lose him?' she kept incessantly asking of herself ; sometimes varying the mental inquiry by asking of herself: 'If I do see him, what shall I do?' The place seemed fateful to her. It was there — out among those paths, under those trees whioh she oould see through the open windows, it was there that the truth was suddenly borne in npon her that she loved him. It was the very appeal made to her love by Georgie Lisle that shot into her heart of hearts the conviction that she loved Romont. Suppose he should not come, would that mean that he had steeled his mind to the knowledge that they had better not meet, and that all was over between them ? And she not merely loved him, but she knew he was just the man she oould love and ought to love ; the man ehe oould look up to ; whose purposes she oould share. She had been hearing much about him lately in an indirect, scrappy sort of way, in little sentences casually — as she supposed oaeually — let drop by Mrs. Pollen ; in stray talks between Mr. Lisle and hiB wife. She knew of the brave persistent efforts he had been making to do good for others ; for others of whom he knew next to nothing bnt that they were poor and in distress. If she conld have been a man this is just the sort of man she oould have wished to be ; this is the man ehe oould love ; the man she would have if she oould ' for her lover and her husband. And she might have had him for her lover and her husband if only ehe had not been so foolish, if only Bhe had not been so weak, if only she had known her own mind at the right time. No— -that was not it ; it was worse than that ; lor she did know her own mind ; she knew it from the first moment of discovering her love ; she knew that she wanted to marry Romont ; but she allowed herself to be led away from tbe knowledge whioh ought to have been ber light and her guide. She was a fearless unsffeoted girl ; sever «y I yot this night she went through the rooms with a sort of frightened look in her eyes, as if she feared something about to bappeu. She sometimes shook her head slowly, languidly, from side to side aa one who sajs : « It is all over ; I can't help it now.' Mrs. Pollen noted even the slightest . and most passing of these little signals of distress ; and ehe was not ill.pleaeed. She wanted the girl to be in a Btrain of emotional temper that night ; to be suscep tible, to be impressionable, to be startled out of conventional moods and open to the promptings of her own sonl. ' Camiola, my dear,' Mrs. Pollen said in a low tone ; ' will you go into the music-room and tell me if everything is right there ? It isn't open to the people yet ; and I want the benefit of yonr last glance over its arrange ments.' Then Mrs. Pollen saw Walter Fitzurse come in. He was dressed very well, and looked decidedly handsome and striking, with a sort of picturesquely penitential air about him which Mrs. Pollen hoped would tell npon Janette. He passed Camiola as Camiola was leaving the room, and made her a low and sort of depreoating, beseeching bow. 'Quite tbe play-actor mood,' Mis. Pollen said to herself with a misgiving, for she felt Bure thai utter sincerity would be his best chance with Janette. He came towards Mrs. Pollen, and she received him with ostentations friendliness of manner, for Bhe knew that everyone would observe them, and ehe felt that if he was to have a chance at all it must be a good and full ohanoe. ' Your wife is here ; go to her and speak to her ; she won't make a scene. Ask her to let you talk to her in some other room. Do it quietly, and don't be afraid.' Mrs. Pollen said this in a very low tone as she gave him her hand. What might have happened if he had gone straight to Janette that moment no one can ever know. Very likely the ehild's heart ' might have given way at the sight of him, her : lover, her husband ; and she might have I taken bim baok to ber love and her hear, and all might have been well even then. But no such obanee was given by Walter Fitzurse to himself. He looked to Janette; she was with her father and mother ; her face in its present repose looked sad, and thin, and wasted ; he was angry with her for looking unhappy ; he was angry with her because the very sight of her made him feel remorse f ul and ashamed ; he was afraid of her and of her father and mother ; he lost nerve, he lost oonrage, he was consolenoe- strioken ; and yet his oonscieuoc-Btricken oondition pre vented bim from doing tbe one thing which conscience would have bidden him to do. He quailed ; he siokened ; he was taken with needless demoralising dread of a scene; he hesitated, faltered ; and at that moment of ominous indeoision his eyes rested on Vinnie LammaB. Then his good genius deserted him once for all. His memory and mind went baok to the days of his love- making with Yinnie Lammas ; he thought of ber as the one woman who was not ashamed of him ; the girl who had been proud of his love and bis attentions ; the girl whom he might have married without sham, or pretence, or pitiful 1 scheming of any kind, and who would have looked np to bim. adored him, worshipped j him, when they were married. The moment was fatal tc bim. Yinnie was seated ; there was a vacant place beside ber ; he sat down and entered into low and rapid talk with her Janette saw this, and a tremble came over her face. Her mother saw it; Mrs. Pollen saw it ; Christian Pilgrim saw it. What conld have possessed bim ? Such a thing done just than and there was an insult and an outrage. ' It is all up,' Mrs. Pollen said to herself ; ' he has had his last chance and has thrown it away. Never again will I help bim to regain his wife and bis career. He 1b gone— let bim go.' Presently the few who were watobing this little sceDe saw Yinnie get np hastily and leave ber place. So abrupt was her rieing that the least observant who had noticed the matter at all muct have seen that something had happened. What had happened ? This : Waiter, in his almost hysterical mood, had told her that he loved her still and only; that his life was ruined ; that he had been left by hie wife for ever ; that he fcsd in all the world no one but Yinnie to care lor him ; that he knew she still did oare for him, and he besought her to go away with him to America, where they oould begin a new life and be happy together in a relationship whioh would be a real marriage — not a false and hollow social sham like that in whioh he was linked with Janette. Everyone has heard or read this sort of thing ; it might, as Mrs. Pollen once said, have been printed and sold as a oiroular, suitable to such men, and purposes, and oooasions. Then Yinnie got up with flushed cheeks and choking throat, and left him without a word. As she was going out she passed Pilgrim, who oame after ber and oaught her by the arm. He has been making love to you?' were Pilgrim's first words. ' Don't dare to deny ' it.' Oh, what does it matter what he does ?' the girl answered distractedly. ' He must be going mad, I think— oh, God forgive him !' Pilgrim let her go and turned back into the room, and watohed every movement of Walter's with horning ayes. He saw Walter gat op and loong® vacuously about tha room for a moment or two. Then Walter turned to that end of the room where Janette had been, and where she was now standing almost alone, her father and mother having been drawn into talk with others different ways, Was he going to speak to her ? Apparently. Janette looked towards him and saw his purpose, perhaps. She turned away, and going to her father put her hand on his arm as it to claim his protection, and said a word to him and they passed out of the room together. Then Walter lingered for a little and spoke to this person and to that; and then he too left the room, and Pilgrim followed him, keeping him in sight from room to room, from corridor to hall, and so into the grounds and out at the gate. Mr. Pollen, while chatting incessantly with some of her guests, lest nothing of all this. She knew what was happening ; what had happened, as well as if she had heard each story from the Hps of those concerned. She beg8n to look anxiously round as if seeking someone, and after a moment or two of much mental uneasiness ehe saw Romont and signalled to him. ' Something has been going on,' she said. See after Pilgrim; be has followed that wretched creature Fitzurse ; there will be a quarrel. Don't lose a moment. Go.' Romont was not a man to lose a moment. He asked no question but went. Just then Camiola oame to MrB. Pollen. eI bave seen to the music-room, ' she said everything looks as w.ll as could be. I think everything is going right in that way.' ' In that way,' Mrs. Pollen answered. Yes, in that way. But in other ways, my dear Camiola, 1 think all is not g<>icg right.' Has something happened ?' Camiola asked, with sadden vague misgiving and alarm. Something has happened ; something is going to happen, I am afraid— I have sent Romont to prevent harm if he can.' ' Oh, why did yon send him ? Chapter XLVHI — ' I Can Die Alone.' When Walter got out of the grounds he wandered, dragged himself along with slow, uncertain, unsteady steps in the direction of the old ehuroh. He had no purpose of any kind | he was not thinking of going to the church nntil he saw himself actually near it, and its spire oame between bim and the clear starry sky. Then he saw, too, that a faint light shone from one of the windows. There was something unnatural and mysterious, something that hinted of spectral pwmenoea and influences in that faint light coming from the ehuroh windows at that nnwonted hour. Ho took out his watch, and was able, by holding it olose to his eyes, to make oat that it wanted bu a few minutes of 11 o'clock. He would go into the ehnroh, he thought ; in his present mood the sight of anything beyond the common and the natural would be welcome to him. It seemed to him that it would be well if be could go into tbe gallery on the left as one enters th ehnroh. the gallery on the wall of which is the monu ment to the great raao whom he was still plea ed to regard as the historic chief of hie house. He thought he should like to lie beneath that monument and die there. He got ever the wall and Into the church yard. The sound of tbe river flowing beneath came with a melancholy cadence into the thoughts of the ruined young man. One of tbe doors cf the eburch was open, and Walter went in. There was no ghost to be seen there; ncr ghost nor living creature ; yet a light was barning, and in the gallery whioh he meant to reach. That one light, a jet of gas, half turned on, made the darkness of the other places seem unearthly and appal ling ; one would naturally long to get within the shelter and proteetion of that one ray of light. Walter crept with the softest tread up to the gallery and stood alone beneath the historic monument. This egotiBtio dreamer of sick dreams fancied himself for the moment some rained seion of an illustrious house who comes to die beneath the trephy of his greatest ancestor. Thus far be wae alone in the ehnroh. He did not now trouble himself to think about tbe light burning and the open door. The reason wsb very simple There was Borne work of cleaning which bad to be done that night, and which had to be put off until then; it concerned the gallery with the monument, and tbe old woman who kept the keys and lived In a cottage near was up and doing and superintending tbe business. She and her girl-assistant bad merely gone baok to her cottage for a moment to gladden and strengthen themselves with a good cop of tea, and naturally left the light burning and the door open, not thinking of the slightest possibility of any sane Fitzursehamite or other personage oaring to go in. Walter was alone. He leaned his baok against tbe railing , of the gallery, and was gazing upwards at the marble effigy and inscription on the wall. Once he glanced casually over bis shoulder at the pavement of tbe ohnreh beneath— a pave ment much made up of the flat tombstones of the dead; and he thought how horrible it would be if he were to fall over and come crash on the pavement, and be killed in that hideous way. He drew away from tbe railing and nearer to the wall with the historio marble to whioh his eyes were up turned. Suddenly be beard the sound of a quiok footfall on tbe gravel of the churchyard Some watoher at workman ootnigg beck, b#> fhoegbt; and las roused himself from his dreauBDgs, and returned into reality. HI would be xfdicolocte to he foued there ; and yet if anyone aame ia he rente dfreinse him self or raa the ehanas of toiaff lM behxni end locked m in ihe sbate fv tbe rigM The eoond sensed; fete Walter feft rure there wes someone In the cfenrcfe; inside the door —below. Then the footfall weafceard again. Ths man— ft certainly was a man— we coming in, was coming towards thai amy gallery, was aresndinq Hie stair. What matter? Walter was doing no. harm, aad could easSy explain thai he bad eume in oat of mere cariosity, soring the fight. At the foot of tbe stein lesdmg up to the gallery the new comer suddenly stopped, mid Walter beard him lock and bolt the door behind him. He. then, and this new comer were locked and bolted in together in this gallery ; the locked door on one ride, tbe depth from the gallery to the stone floor beneath on the other. What did it matter! The man would unlock the doer and let him oat ; and yet it felt appalling somehow ; and new the man came rushing np the stairs, and Walter drew away to the farther end of tbe gallery, and set his back against the wall, like one who is prepared to defend himtelL In another second Christian Pilgrim cams rearing along tfe> gallery towsrds him with eyes sending oot a light like that of the corpse-candle that burns pate cn tbe sea- I washed rotes, aad he clutched Welter in his strong, fierce arms, and gave a wild laogh of triumph. Come,' he cried I have fonud you at last ! I told yoo I would kill you, and Fll kill yoo now 1 No one can get to oa here ; we are locked in. Gome !' He was dragging the wretched young man to the railing of the gallery, evide n!y determined to flfag him over, down upon the pavement. In another moment Waller would have to die the very death the bare thought of white bad just set all his nerves in quivering, shuddering morion. He struggled with all the par&ionate; energy cf youth and despair ; but be was straggling with a man of far greater physical strength, a man now, as he felt ure, possessed by tbe demon of insanity. Waller gave vent to his feelings io a shriek of agony ; a cry for help where he believed that heip there cuid be none. You fool,' Pilgrim said, with a terrible laugh ; II ycu have to fight for yea life you oughtn't to waste yoor breath. J den's eare ; I want to die. Come with me. As that m 'meat sseps were beard as of one r a thing into tbe church ; then a heating and clanging at tbe grilery door. Walter cried cat again. Pilgrim Haghed ia a law c suckling tone. 4 Tco late now,' he said beneath his teeth; tbe words vett into Walters very ear ; they can't get at us here/ He redoubled his effort to drag Walter away, bat the moment's interruption had caoeed him to relax his grip a little, and Walter was now clinging with both hands to tbe projecting marble which EymbGlised the shield cf his gapposed ancestor. The-etrogg began all over again with tbe most savage energy. Pilgrim new knew that he had no time to lose. Some one ran into the church beneath and gazed np and tried to pierce the gloom and gre what was going on. The struggling f orms were almost directly between him and the ligkt, and he took in the whole situation in a moment. One quick glance all round told him what be mast try to do ; tbe only thing there was to do. Beoe&th; the railings of the gsllety and cot far inside it. although far below it, stood the pnlpit. Tbe palpit was almost directly in front of one cf the pillars, narrow wooden pillars they were, which sipported tbe gallery. Above the pillars came she gallery ; that is to say, tbe pillars did not rise outside the rails, but ceased where tbe rails began. Still, if a man coold reach from tbe palpit to the pillar, and could shin up tbe pillar he mght by a sadden and venturous effort succeed in flinging himself out so as to catch at one of tbe rails. With one such grasp the rest would be easy work. In much lets than the time it has taken to pot this into writing the man had sprang into the palpit, leaped 4ike a oat from the pnlpit to the pillar, oltmbed up the pillar hand over hand, then with a desperate spring and clutch upwards had succeeded in getting hold of one of the rails, and in another Beeond was wuh the two fighting creatures in the gallery. Waiter was breaking into a cry of relief when his eyes, dazed and startled as they were, could see that his supposed rescuer was J osepb, the Albanian, and then he remembered hie dream, and believed that Joseph too had come as his enemy, and he thought that all was over, and closed hie eyes- aad gave np tbe straggle. Pilgrim h&d; eaeoeeded in dragging Walter away from his grasp of the monument, and was backing towards Th - edge of the railings with his wretched prisoner in hi? gripe. Romont promptly thrust himself between tbe two straggling men and the rails, andhec&oght; Walter round the waist. His ova hack was squeezad hard against the tails. Even in this moment tbe sort of good-hnmonred coolness which was hie characteristic did not desert him 1 If only rtti« railing holds,' be tbongfat, we shall do well enough.' Bat he already felt the rails hgndfeg and creaking ; they wonld never hold out long. Pilgrim, my good fellow/ he asked in a few, quiet tone, for he assumed he had to deal with a madman, 4 don't yon see that yon will have as all over and down on tbe pave ment in another second ? Good heavens, Fitzaree, have yon no strength at all ; can't yon help yonraelf one little bit ?' Walter was hopeless. The voice of Romont speaking as it seemed to him oat of the lips of Albanian Jossph was too ranch for him. His head swam round, bis limbs relaxed ; he fainted in Romont's arm, and hung down limn as a dead body. Pilgrim was still holding his grip, hot he was no longer crash ing against tee rails. He had sense econgh still to understand Romont's word? aud » keep from injuring him. His strength was terrible, but Runout brsced himself np for one last effort, and literally tore the swoon- log body free of Pilgrim's clntcb. At the time Romont did not fully understand Pilgrim's purpose. He believed that Pilgrim oply meant to kill Fjvsore. Afterwards it dawnd on frim, and by degrees became dear, tegtUiigrite feeanl to die with hte viejim. Now, when be Mad torn Fitsorte free, Bom out made so attempt to retetmia Pilgrim. Hs bad no time; he did not think of it ; he toted wot have doae it if he had to care for Fllatw, He was tetetot FHnrat «s the floter« acd meant then to agpete to Fflgm»i«Bd by to oalmhimand get lb know what It was »U about. \- Pilgrim gave him no teaaoe. With a wild rex, 'Keep him, dm, if yon will keep him i-fflttda akiu V he flung himself boavfly yraat the frail raftings. Some of them wave way ; there waB a plnnge forward ; Romont heard another cry, this rime lc. aitioizlate, and then a orate on Hue pavement below, followed by rate a succession of echoes that one might have thought for the mcmeot all earth's aavereawere in sneees- sion breaking into tamnltnoae applause over the deed white had jopt been done, Tbe dest fiew in clouds ; the rate were heard to eeamper affrighted among stoeis and seats ; some dog in a barge on the river answered to the noise in the chtzroh with a prolonged howl, white might have seemed the death- wail over the man who lay kilted on the pavement. fwawsmsn) 