X /':..:'ÖJd Ma^s Yarn. ;' , A FLOOD IN THE HUNTER. 'FATHER, DEAR FATHER, COME HOME !" , V An íioneBt tale speedB boßt, being plainlv told." ,, -FitVKBSP'EAKK. ï"They talk about floods; but, lor bless yer, there.ain't half on'em as knows what a flood is. The last one we had was in ' 75, and they do say it was the highest ever known; but it warn't half aa"bad as tho earlier ones. Why, m '57 we had three,'one in June, and a bigger one in July, and tihe biggest ever known in August. Then we had floods every year; sbineon'em big and some little, till '07. A pretty fair one comes in April and then a boomer in June. lt began nice and easy with about three . days' steady rain. Then it sort o' half clears up, and then makes another start, and, my eyes, how it did come down I They gets word through them telegraph wires from Singleton, 'Look out ! River coming down a banker !' And. then, about a hour after that the wires says again, ' Telegraph office flooded out. Can't wire no more.' " By this time the water was rising in Wallis's Creek and spreading over the low lands, and the Mayor (John Lee was mayor then) he sends men 'off on horses with bells to warn the people. One man goes up the river and another across Bol warra Flats, And another he goes round Fishery Creek and Dagworth, and they rings their bells and shouts out as the river wag-coming down, and warns everybody to look out, and bimeby you might see people coming into Maitland through the rain as made 'e m look fain fc and misty, like ghosts, with their traps packed in waggons and spring carts, and all manner o' things. Some on em was shoved in the hospital and some in-the Sohool of Arts, and others was stowed away in mills and sheds and everywhere. Down the river the water come roaring and tumbling as if it would wash everything before it j but away at the back it keptrising so steady you couldn't hardly see it rise. : I gets up a top of a ladder, and away over Bol warra and across to Dagworth was all like a sea, with little islands , of punkins bobbing up and down on the waves. It's a strange thing how them punkins stuck together, .They came out of different fields and paddocks, but they dodged about and floated up together till there was patches of about a acre or more. It; raley looked aa if them things knowed what they was about, and,wont to comfort each other like Christians. W^est Maitland was just a bit of a island with the river raging on one side and the water rising and lapping gently over the railway line on the other. All the fences and most of the houses in the flat between East and West Maitland was covered over, and,, at the other end Hall's Creek was up, and the Long Bridge covered, so that Oakhampton and'Campbell's Hill made two other islands. Off Elgin-street was a lot of houses, and some of 'em just showed the roofs, and others was hidden altogether. The Horseshoe Bend wag all under water, i and every now and then there'd be a rumble and a splash, and people knew as another big piece of the bank (maybe with a house on it) had gone down. Well, it was just coming up duEk, and the waters stUl rising, when I hears some fellows in a boat5 in Elgin-street say as old Perkins and his family hadn't been seen in town, and if they was still in their house they'd all be drowned. The chaps in the boat had been put all day, and was pretty well fagged * So mo and three other fel lows gets into the boat and pulh for Fishery Creek. Oars wasn't much good, what with punkins and bits of haystacks and timber and things floating . about. So we puUed with shovels, and I tell you, a; good broad shovel ain't à bad thing to put a boat along when you gets used to working it. We pulls straight across over the top of the railway and above the racecourse, where the roof of the grand stand from the 'eaves stood out above the water. .One time we got tangled in some orange trees and had to back out, but we gets across about a mile and a-half all right.. It was as dark as pitch, but the rain had stop pedí and when we thought we was near the place . we. /stopped paddling and cooey ed." Nobody an swered, so we kept cooeying and paddling, about whenever we see any thing black above the water, and at .last we finds the place. The water was láp- lapping along the shingles as quiet and inno cent looking as if it couldn't do no harm, and Tom Butts says, " I fear we're too late,'mates." We holds on to the chimney to keep the boat steady, ' and; after we'd sung out several times without getting no answer, we. makes up' our minds to rip the shingles off and know the worst. Of course we hadn't no boots on, so I gets onto the roof and puts tho shovelunder the shingles and made 'em fly, and the first thing we hears was, " Who thc are you?" . . Tt come so sudden, it gave us all a start, and young Buckley as was standing with one foot in the boat and tho other on tho roof, tumbles over board with a swish. We soon fishes him out, and had a good laugh, while old Perkins was swearing away a good 'un because we'd spiled his roof. He swore he'd have the law of us and make us pay damages. . We didn't take much notice of him, but .strips off. some more shingles, and gets out little Lizzie,"and then her mother ; but Perkins, he Bwore he'd stop where1 he was, and if the house went he'd go, too, and if he lived he'd make it hot for .us for spiling his roof. We'd half a mind to leave:him, - cos we could see as he'd had a drop too muolr, and he was all right if the water didn't rise any more. You see they'd put some boards across tho tie-beams, and was Bitting on them. There wasn't much room and the water was over the boards,, but he was orouched on top of a heap of bedclothes, with his head doubled down against the roof. He was jammed so tight in the peak of the roof that there wasn't muph danger of his falling off, but; the missus wouldn't hear of his being left. So at last we gets hun out and shoves off for the town. It was about ha^f-past 9 when we got back, and then we hears as the ÏÏJgh-street embankment had given way and had cut a deep gully aoross the road; Mrs. Perkins had got shel ler in, some friend's plaoe,butthe pld man wouldn't stop nowhere. There was crowds of people in the street, and Perk he stops everyone he knew to ,,tell about the damage done to his roof, and how he'd make the chaps what done it suffer. I lost sight of him for a bit. I was looking across the river to the Bolwarra sidej and I sees some poor devil hanging oh to the branches of a river-oak tree on the bank. Sometimes he'd be pretty steady for a moment or so, and then the waters would surge and rage, and the oak would bend down like a whip-stick and duck him under. I shouted to him to hold on but, lor, I might have saved my breath. What with :the rushing and gurgling of the water and the soughing of the trees as they bent before the stream and then straightened themselves up. again, tho noise was enough to drown any voice.' Well, T watched !that poor, chap expecting to see him go down and never come up again, and forgot all about old Perk, till I hears a child's voice just beside me say, V Father, dear father, come to ma." I looks round, and there was Perk and his little daughter. He was raving drunk by this time, and his little girl's voice put me in mind of the old song. I couldn't do anything for the poor chap on the tree. So I follows Perk round. Ho was going on about his patch of shingles j he said his house was. gone and he'd go, too j and then he'd stagger up close to the bank where the torrent was raging. ' I see his little girl catch hold of his coat tails and drag him back, and then I took bim by the arm and led him into High-street. , ; f 11 was 12 o'clock, but there were plenty bf peo ple about. Hardly any one had gone to bed, and I wanted to take him where his wife was ¡ but we hadn't gone far before he got obstropolous and broke away, and off he rushed to the embank ment. The little girl ran after him sobbing and saying, "Father, dear father, come back to me," like the girl in the song. I couldn't leave her, so I followed, too, and was just in time to grab him when he was rushing to the break in the embank ment. ' I dragged him up the street again, but he broke away. ' He was like a madman now, and walked up the middle of the road, waving his arms and swearing and cursing the men as spoiled his roof. When we got to the other end of the town I was just in time to grab him again before he rushed into the break in the Falls embankment, and while I was holding him who should come up but Sergt. Brennan ; so I says, " Sergeant, I never was so glad to see you before. Can you lock this man up to save his life ?'' " Bedad," says he, " If I you'll tell me where the lockup is, and how to get to it, I'll lock you both up wid pleasure." " Is it washed away ?" says I. " I don't know," says he, " but the embankment's gone all round it, and I 'expect to find it at Morpeth or Eaymond Terrace to- morrow, when it's light enough to see." < Well, the upshot of it was that the sergeant said he'd, take care of Perkins. Then I tells about the man in the tree, and he says, " Oh, he's all .right as long as the tree holds/ It's Joe Clarke, 'and he'll hold on like a 'possum. There's some boats over the riverland they'll take him off as soon as it's light." Well, I walks down to have another look at Joe, and, sure enough, there he was waving up and down, and getting ducked every now and then, so I sat down to watch him, and before long I was that knocked up I drops off to 'sleep. When I woke up the sun was shining and ;I could see as the water had gone down several inches. There was a party of men in a punt away up the river on the Bolwarra side, and they let a boat down with a rope till it was near enough for Joe Clarke to get hold of it. 'When it got near the tree it capsized, but that , didn't make much odds to Joe. He got on to it somehow, and they dragged him back to the punt. When I 3ee him but of danger I goes off to hunt for old Perkins. ;The sergeant had done the best he could for him. He'd given the old chap another stiff rum and sent him to sleep, and I found him in a timber yard alongside of a stack bf boards snoring as com fortable as could be, and little Lizzie sitting all of .a heap opposite to him fast asleep, too. ; Well, the water kept falling very slow at first, and then quioker and quicker, till it was pretty near all gone in four or five days, and people went home to dry their bedding, and clean the slime out of their houses and off their furniture. Some o' the boys helped Perkins patch his roof up, and I never heard no more about it.-Little Lizzie P Oh, Lizzie's a woman now, and got children of her own. She married a young chap as went for selecting, and they're Hvirig somewhere up Tam worth way. Lizzie used to come down to Maitland now and then as long as the old man lived, but when he petered out she took her mother away with her, and I ain't seen her ßince. We've often had a laugh at her " Father, dear father, come home with me now," when he hadn't got a home as he could get to. We had another flood in '70, and the last, as I said before, in '75 ; and when we'll get another lord only knows. There's been no floods anywheres in the country to speak of for the last few years. Thanky, don't mind if I do, just for luck. . . . Well, so long." GLOSS OK LINEN.-To put a gloES on shirt fronts, collarB, and ouffs, pour a pint of boiling water upon two ounces of gum-arabic ; cover it, and let it stand over-night. Use a small quantity in the staroh. THE TONGUE'S TIP.-With tho tip of the tongue one can't really taste at all. Ita small drop of honey or of oil of almonds bo put on that part of the mouth, it will be found that it produoea no effeot of any sort. ¡SILVER INK.-Silver ink is oomposodof one part of white of gum-arabio, four parts o"f distilled water, ono patt of Bilioate of soda in solution; triturate with the beBt silver bronze powder sufficient to give the solution the required brilliancy, * - SANITARY FURNITURE.-Dr. Jaeger is of opinion that dreBses, &o.;, of vegetable origin absorb the animal exhalations, but give them off again. The Hame habit, ho holds, ia true, of wooden furniture, whioh will absorb the odors qf human beings^ but afterward throw them off again. Henoe the unpleasant odors experienced in rpomB. and offioea which have been closed for a few days. Varnishing furniture prevents this, and therefore "sanitary furniture" bas become an article of commerce in Germany; It ia only ordinary; furniture, with the woodwork varaiehed' BO aB to prevent -both tho, absorption and exhalation of human and other, animal odors, | 