SELECTED POETRY. THE HOMESTEAD. Bx J. Gbeenieai1 "Whittieb. Against the wooded bills it stands Ghost of a dead home, staring through Its broken lights on wasted lands Where old-time harvests grew. Unploughed, unsown, by scythe unshorn, The poor, iorsaken farm-fields lie, Oi<ce rich and rife with golden corn And pale green breadths of rye. Of healthful herb and flower bereft, The garden plot no housewife keeps 5 Through weeds and tangle only left, The snake, its tenant, creeps. A lilac spray, once blossom-clad, Sways bare before the empty rooms; Beside the roofless porch a sad, Pathetic red rose blooms. His track, in mould and dust of drouth, i On floor and hearth the squirrel leayes, And in the fireless chimney's mouth His web the spider weaves. The leaning barn, about to fall, Resounds no more on husking eves; No cattle low in yard or stall, 2fo thresher beats his sheaves. So sad, so drear! It seems almost Some haunting presence makes its sign ; That down yon shadowy lane some ghost Might drive his spectral kiue! O home so desolate lorn! Did all thy memories die with thee 2 Were any wed, were any born. Beneath thiB low roof-tree ? Whose axe the wall of forest brok$, And let the waiting sunshine through ? What good-wife sent "the earliest smoke Up the great chimney flue 2 Did rustic lovers hither come ? Did maidens, swaying back and fo^th. In rythmic grape, at ^yheel and loom, Make light their {oil with mirth 2 Did child feet patter on the stair ? Did boyhood frolic in the snow? Did gray age, in her elbow chair^ Knit, rocking to and fro 2 The murmuring brook, the sighing breeze, The pine's slow vfhisper, cannot tell; Iiow mounds beneath the hemlock-trees Keep the hope seprets ^re^. Cease, pother-land, to fondly boast Of sons far off who, strive and thrive, forgetful that each swarming host Must leaye ap emptier hive 1 O wanderers from ancestral spil, Leave poisp.me tp;ll and chaffering store j Gird up yoyr Joins for sturdier toil, And build the home once flior.e! ' Come back $o bjiyberry-scented elopes, And fragrant fern, and groupd-mat vi^e * Breathe air^ blown over holt and copse. Sweet with black birch and pine. What matter if the gains are small That life's essential wants supply 3 Your homestead's title gives you ^11" That idle wealth can buy. All that thp many-dollared craye, The brick-wailed slaves of 'change afld piart, lawns, trees, f^esb air, and flowers, you have. More dear for lac^ of ar$. Your 0.W9 sple masters, freedom-billed, Witl^ npne to bid you go or stey, Till the old fields your fatliers tilled, As ipanly ijnen as ih?y 1 With skil^ that spares your toiling li^nds, And cliemip aid that science brings, Reclaim the waste and outworn lauds, And reign therfon as kings I Atlantic Monthly for IT^brua^jr. 