THE DAY'S DOINGS. The Spring ltnco Meeting of the Australian Jockey Club will bs brought to u conclusion this afternoon. Elsewhere particulars arc gi veil of some of tho races. Other results nnd details will hn frninrl tti n 'Plilrrl TMD.nn ...:n i._ issued about half-past four o'clock. Tho usual reports of tho football matches and other sports will bo published in our Fourth Edition, which will be obtuiu&blo; as soon as possible after six o'clock. A report of an interesting interview botweon our special roporter at llobnrt and tho hon. G. Coppin in reference to Mr Cuppin'a visit to tho old country will be found on tlie fourth page of this issue. A mail for Mauritius will close at Durban at 11 o'clock on Tuesday morning next. Tho mining party in the Assembly exists no moro as a united body sworn to do some log rolling. This was Colonel Smith's party from whloh he expeoted great things, and on- tertained hopes of making matters lively for the Government, but his rule proved distaste ful, and tho Ministerial mombors Bovorod their oonnsotion with the party, and dis- affection spread until the party dissolved, oven tho prospecting voto question failing to keep tho membera together. Tho Mimntcr nf Lands now has under consi deration tho wholo question of surveys, about which a number of complaints have recently boon made. When Mr Tucker was Minister of Lauds at the request of Mr Dow, ho arranged that selectors whimkl bo allowed to pay half tho . amount of tho survey fees down, and extend the payment nf tho balance over a number of years. Tho selectors now complain that they, are not permitted to do tins, and Mr Dow lias decided that tho arrangements imulo by his predecessor nm to l>o noted upon. Air Dow will also look into tho question as affecting the survey fees for lands dealt with under tho leasing clauses of the Act. A long and animated discussion took place at n recent meeting of the Public Works Com mittee of the Kichmond City Council, ou tho consideration of tondeu-s for tho clemming of the city. The lowest tenders for tho work in the three wards amounted to T/2887. Ors Farmer, Adam, aud Jenkins pointed out that according to. tho returns for tho past year the work hud W-u dono for L250I5, that n great deal of unnecessary work had been included in the specifications, bucIi as sweeping nil tho footpat hs in every stroet iu the city twice u week, and five foot of tho roadway outside tho channels, ami that taking into consideration many circumstances, tho work could bo morn economically dono for another year by day lalxn\ Cr M'ltae moved, and Cr Ed wards seconded a resolut ion to tho effect. (hat the tenders bo accepted, where- U|H>n Ur ilenkins m ved, ami Or Fanner seconded, an nmeudmont that tho tender for employing the dust 1k>xos for L282 bo no- copied, nnd that those for sweoping tho streets be declined. The motion was, however, car ried. Siuco tho last report furnished to tho Secretary for Mines IW5 tons of atono from Mr LansuUs No. 180 mine have been crushed for a yield of Zfftorin 17dnrtn of gold. Thirty tons from the Sandhurst mine yielded IOokh ltidurU. Mr Justice Hotroyd arraug pd Inat night to pass sentences in tho Criminal Court" first tiling on Monday morning. Mrs Taylor's case will In? taken immediately afterwards. Mr Justice Higiuhothum, the newly np- jx>intcd Chief Justice, took his seat iu the Practice Court this morning for the purpose of dealing with Chamber business, but beyond tho signing of some orders, there was nothing for his Hbnor to do. Under those circum stances his Honor was not made the recipient of any congratulatory remarks upon his elova- lion. Soma anxiety has hcen exhibited amongst profc>sioiml gentlemen and others to know whether tlie Full Court will rosutuo its sittings on Monday. We find that it will not, nnd that the arrangmnenrs will be tho same as ou Friday. Tt is u r-omcv.'hnt remarkable circumstance that no new insolvency -schedule lm« been lodged iu the Court during tho week just closed. Opinions are divided as to whether this almost unparalleled state of things is due tn general pros|>erity or r. wholesome dread of the new judge, who tins shown a disixisition, once ho lias presided over tho Insolvency Court, to maintain u high standard of commer cial morality. The ghost of n (lead juryman haunted the Centra) Criminal Court to-day. He was sum moned to silcend the court an Thursday last, but us his business in tlie other world would not allow him to put in an appearance, Mr Justice Itolrovd could not, as ho did not know the reason, commlcr that us a valid cxcuso, and fined him u couple of guineas. A friend of the juryman who was mulcted came up to the court this morning aud explained that the juryman was defunct since lost February. Under tluwo ci renin stances there is no prospect of tho (lovernuumt reaping tho fino .inflicted for non-attendance. Tho Mayoress of Melbourne, Mrs J. C. Stewart, is very desirous of possessing u photograph of her young guests as they appear at the lancy dress ball, und sho has therefore given instruction!) to Messrs Johnstone, O'Shnmmssy and Co. to undertake the business. As about twelve hundred children will hnvo to be photographed it will bo necessary that parents arrange with that firin for a sitting either beloro or after the kill, Somo mis- apprehension having arison about the matter, it is a well to atato that tho Mayoress under takes the cost of the photographs, aud in order to preserve uniformity, would like all her guests to bo taken at Messrs Johnstone, O'Shannassy's. Mr Win. Noble, by whom the " Blue Ribltou " movement wusorguuiiicdiu England, arrived overland from Sydney to- day. He was met on tho, platform at Spencer street by Mr John Vale, Secretary of the Victorian Alliance, .uud Mr T. Ferguson, Secretary of tho Victorian Total Abstinenco Society. Mr David Beath was to huvo been present, Imtwns prevented byillncss. MrNoblo wasdriveninMr Death's carriage to the residence of that gentle man at Kew. Mr Noble will be welcomed in an informal manner at the Grand Hotel this afternoon at 3 o'clock, when it is exacted that Mr D. Death, if sufficiently well, will preside. Tho resolution of welcome .will bo moved by the Kev II. A. Langley. Mr Noble will con duct a gospol temperance mission in Melbourne at the Temperance Hall, commencing on Mon day evening, when tho hon. .Tames Munro will preside. Mr Noblo is said to bo an fine siakcr, nnd lias the reputation of being an excellent mimic. A libel action of some interest will be heard in tho County Court next week, probably ou Thursday, The . plaiutilf is Mr Johu: Junu's Lillis, " u >olico 'constable, the defendant l>eing "Mr Sydney Arthur King, tho publisher of the Licenszd Victuallers Advucutc. There were some preliminary pro ceedings before Judge Cot>o to-day. An application was made l>y Mr Hood, coun sel for the plaintiff, that the defendant should answer, interrogatories, 'This was ob jected lo by Mr Cnunson for the defendant, but his Honor allowed tliein. This ih the first time that an application of this kind has been 'made in relation to a County Court action. Mr King stated that he printed and published the -Licrnwd VictiufUcri -ddromfe, butthatit twaa not sold publicly, being only circulated amongst subscribers. He did not know to whom he paragraph complained of was intended to refer but to tho plaintiff. Tho paragraph to whieh the policejnun has taken exception, ap peared in tho issuo of tlm paper of lOtfi July, .under the head of " Dnr Talk," and contained comments iq>oii an alleged attempt by Con- stable LilliH nnd his wifo to trap an hotel- keeper into Sunday trading. L150 damages aro claimed, H was sought on behalf of tho defendant to have the plaintiff compelled to give security for costs, but the application was refused. Judge Cope said tlie fact that a plaintiff had no money' was no answer to an action ; for if it were a penniless man ho might bo kicked from Dan to Beorshoba, and have iui remedy. Miss Rigby has on view at her studio, Planet Chamber, Collins street east, a very artistic dado, painted ir» oils on Roman cloth of an old gold hue by a pupil. The design is very well conceived, nnd represents nil kinds of water birds aud plant, y. o arranged that, though harmonious, the grouping along tho wholo 20 yards length of the tapestry, is different in every instance. Tho drawing aud coloring are both good, and give evidonce of apt pupillage uud clever instruction. A large und enthusiastic meeting of the Collingwood Committee iu connection with the Clrnir of Music Bazaar was held in St. Phillip's Hall, Hoddle street, on Wednesday. Good progress has been made during the fort night in which the ladies have worked. About £10 was paid to the hon. treasurer by thoyo who had brought their collecting cards. Besides handsome subscriptions (£5 5s from. Foy und Gibson alone) many donations were named— achcst of drawers, presented by Mr Ghartoris; a gas stove by MrWallis; a iteg of alo, tins of lollies, &c.; A dramatic perform ance has been kindly proffered by tho North- coto Dramr.itc Club, to lake place about tho 10th October, tho proceeds to go to tho stalk It was decided that rlio hon. secretary call a meeting of tho full committeo for Friday in order that tho chnract»ra from the opera ohoBen (Tambour Major) bo selected. The Mayoress, Mrs Archibald Aitken, presided. A meeting of delegates to tho Victorian Football Association was held last evening at Young and Jaokaon's Hotel, Mr William Hall in the ohatr, Among other correspondence wus a letter from tho Adelaide Football Club asking that their match to bo played over hero under tho patrouago of tho Association bIiouUI bo fixed for an early da to during next season, nan uumbor of their leading players would bo unablo to como later on, ne tho Adelaide Exhibition would bo opened on tho 20th June. The Port Melbourne entered n protest ngainst St Kilda for playing ono Montague Smith on the 18th insb., at St Kildn, that player having played on tlm 2-lllt of July Inrt with the Marl- ton Club. Tito Wilhnnmtown entored a- protest against the Hotlmm for tlireu dis tinct breacltcH of the lawn of tho gamo. Tho first uliavgo wan that at the match between thu dubs, playod on the 18th inst,, at tho Wifiiumstnwii Guvdeu» Reserve, the alleged result was — llotlmn, two goals mno behind ; Williamstown, one goal seventeen behind. Williamstown kicked a second goal, which was disallowed by the gonl unipiro on the ground that tho ball went between tho posts uftor the bell'waa rung, the real fact being tiiat thu bell rang before the time for play Imd elapsed. The nccond charge wus that Hotham played nil ineligible uiau named William Ross, the latter having played with MurylfQrimgli; aud tho third was that another .of tlm players, Allessio, hud, on several oc casions during the sousou, been a goal umpire, and thus was illegally included iti thu Hotham team. Consideration of tho foregoing protests was postinmnd till the next meeting of tho Association. Foot.sc my were awarded a win as against. South Williamstown, as tho latter had failed tomcat their engagement' for the . 18th i nst. Tho South Williamstown pleaded that thu match in question was arranged conditionally, that If one of the clubs could get a match on with another by giving duonofcico, tho match in dispute should bo off. Thoy arranged and plnyed a match with Melbourne, who' beat them. A few weeks ago the attention of the Vic torian Football Association was drawn to tlie Tact thnt a playur uuuicd Ellis took part with tho Fort Melbourne Club in tho guinu with thu Hotlmm Club.- Tho latter body sent, in a pmtovt, but withdrew it- «>»» the ground thnt the captain, secretary, aud others eoimoctoti with thu Port Alelboumo were willing, to luako statutory declarations that Ellis nnd told litem ho bad nuver played with any other club during the season. Ellis was summoned to attend the meeting of the association held last evening at Young nnd Jackson's Hotel to offer hi defence, lie stated that !iq had nhlyrd with thu Hnvulook Club at tho be ginning of the season, that that club had dis banded, that he was not aware that notico of any such disbnmlmcnt was necessary before the 15th of July, and was not aware of any rule requiring a junior player to obtain a permit before' be was allowed to play with a senior team. The delegate considered Ellis had erred through ignorance of tho lawn of tlm game, and exonerated him, and also gnvo lum pcrmiKsiim to piny for thu remainder of tlm season with Port Melbourne. Tunkaid, one of the Hotham players, has been reported to tho t Victorian Football Association by MrThowlis, the central umpire, for striking O'Connor, of the South Melbourne, during thu progress of tho natch between those club on the 11th September. Neither Thewlis, who bad not l>een served with a notice, nor Tauknrd, who had been summoned, put iu an apitcAt-Aiice. O'Connor did. Tho mntter was postponed until tho next meeting of the Association. Tlie dnlc£otu« wero sur prised at the chnrgu laid against Tankard u the latter lias liau the reputation of playing iu a fair spirit, throughout the season. Tlm Defence department lmvo . accepted Messrs D. Altaon and Co. 's tender for supply ing them with 3003 Cnirncros water 1 Kittle. Disqualification for 12 months was tlm punishment meted out by the Victorian Foot ball Association to the Footscray player. O'Donnell, who was accused of, and admitted having struck Woods, a South Williamstown player, during a match. The circum stances were these Tho ball was out of bounds and the umpire was in the act of throwing it when Woods in tho eagerness of play put out his hand to get O'Donnell out of the way, when the latter turned round struck Woods mthcfaccnud used disgusting language. The umpire when appealed to said he had not seen the occurrence. O'Domiull's statement was thnt the ball was out of play, when Woods jumped on his (O'Donueirs) back and had him by tho neck. lie turned round, and struck Woods because of the hit ter's aggression. Mr Lovitt, delegate of tho Footscray Club, said it was no wouder O'Don nell hud hit Woods, an tho hitter luid "clawed" O'Donnell' neck to such an extent as to . draw a great deal of blood. Witnesses were called iu supjiort of both sides. Mr 1\ O'Neill moved, and Mr Natlian seconded, "That O'Donnell be suspended from playing with any usBociatcd club for 12 months." Mr Lovitt wished that thu 'punishment -should bo softened inasmuch us "Woods was tho aggressor. Ho therefore moved an amendment that O'Donnell be suspended for the remainder of the season. Mr' Aitken seconded the amendment. Only the mover and seconder voted for it. Tho motion wus cartiod. The severity of the punish ment was in part due to the fact that ( the Association on a previous occasion had cautioned O'Donnell wlini he was brought before them on a charge of striking Mr Welsford, tho central umpire. Tho stuud taken by the association in the case of O'Donnell should meet with the warm ap proval of all people who desire to hdo tlm iu- terests of football as our leading national ixistime advanced Tho . secretary of tho Millowucrs' AsHocin- tion informs us that a milling expert, Mr Frederick Moss, who has just arrived in the colony, and who has had a large oxjieriencG of milling in England, America and Hungary, lus kindly offered to read a paper to tho Mtll- ownerM Association on the subject of Roller Milliner," and his experiences of milling generally iu various part of tho world. As till gentleman is not identified in any way with any machinery firm, being purely a milling expert und adviser, mul us Ins qualifi cations are of a very high order (lie being tho 'holder of a gold mcdal-froni the National Arso- elation of British Miller, and a first-class silver medal of tho City and Guild of London for milting technology) it is certain that much valuable information and lumnfit will bo derived from tho hearing of his address. His proposal bus, therefore, been' cordially accepted, and the address will )>c given at the Association Rooms, as above, immediately after.tho Executive Council meeting on Thurs day, 30th September. The council will meet at 2 o'clock sharp, and the address will probably bo commenced at 3 o'clock. It is an opportunity of gaining valuable and reliable information oil such important topic that should not bo lost by any miller, and it is anticipated, there fore, that there will bo a largo at tendance. .... ' Th» following is tho list in tho Insolvency Court for Monday Before tlm judge at 10.30 — In re Geo. W. R')bbim;;in re Thomas Osborne, adjourned examination summons. Before tho Chief Clerk at 10.30— General meetings . in re F. Mnudslcy. G. Dawson, W. Douglas, aud J. K. Dunbar, - A girl named Caroline Hall was brought liefore tho Carlton Bench this morning oh a charge of insulting behavior. She was found in a right-of-way off Tellium street, quarrel- ling with a larrikin. Sho refused to go home, nnd nmdo use of very laid language. Tho girl presented n very brazen appearance tins morning. She was- let off with a fine of 10h : in default, 48 hours' imprisonment. A man named Arthur Cox, driving a horse and cart for Mr Mason, of No. 8 Federal buildings, lost control of his horso yesterday afternoon in Flinders street through a trnmcar passing, and tho result was a very severe collision, in which somo of tho glass iu tho car was broken, and a youtig lady who was inside received some severe cuts from tho broken glasH. Slmleft the cur, and was immediately driven away iu a hansom. His Honor Judge Molesworth, in reference to an application in tho estate of William M'Laughlin, hotelkocper, Carlton, in the Insolvency Court yesterday, Hinted thut the luw rcuuired alteration. Under the 122nd K'-etiun of tho .Statute, tho trustee— who under another section wan nhaigneo when no trustee was appointed— was required to file a statement showing how the insolvent estate had been applied and disposed of. In thin particular ease the assignee did comply with the section by filing a statement showing how he had diejposed of part of the estate that caino to hi hund, His Honor, therefore could not find fault with him for omitting to do anything the law required him to do But in the opinion of hi Honor tho law was defective in uot requiring him to filo a wknto- incnt showing the asaets ho had re ceived, a well a how he had paid away tho money. The relative importance to this country of the trade of our colonies a compared with that of tlm United State ii an interesting com- Mi'ison ) uud tho figure quoted at a rc- ci-nt of tho Nntionnl Fnir Trado hwiKuo aro liniwrtant. During Bix years' Gliding ill 1881 wo imported about us much from tho colonies us from tho United States : but tho values of tho c:q>orts show very dmorcnt re- sults. To America we sent about u third as much as wo received ; but to tho colonies very nearly as much an we received, or moro tlian twice as much ns tho exports to America. This Is n curious illustration of tho maxim that trade follows tlie flag. As sellers (writes a .London paper) tho colonics are nearly aB good customers to us oa the Americans, ana as buyers moro than twico as good. Dr Youl held an inquest at the Melbourne Hospital thiB morning upon tho body of tho man James Briggs,. tlie oriolclayer, who fell dead at tho cornorof Princo'sand Nioholson streets, Carlton, ycslorday morning, Iln Imd his breakfast at soven o'clock, with one Thorn LlsT,'.",' Alf .""J ,1. loll/:cd, and then 1,0 ucnt out to look for work, A laborer tunned Hurst saw him Tall as if in a lit. Ho looked apparently well hefmo ho dropped. pe ituddlo, who inndo tho post viurtciti. snid there wore no marks of violence or signs of poison- nig, and dentil resulted from fatty degenura- tum of tho heart. " " The ship itomanlioif, 1228 tons, after a urn. rmwr 1<« days, entered J>, ullii. Heads during tho night, nnd started up Lhnnnel shortly before six o'clock litis morning, ami should roach tho Bay this after- noon. The ship City i.r Agra, which left, port fourteen days prior, arrived Huh morning lhorn wore two barques heating up tlm Bay at. Another hatch of vossols from different port, arrived in thu Day during tho night, Thcv ixaaprmed (ho Chty t,f Agra, ship, iLm l'„„. (Ion, -tfcli i Juno ; Lord Rnglau, ahtn. from Liverpool, litli July j Loch Hyan, ship, fro a l.lnsgow, Sril Julys Aberystinlh Castle torque, from Montrose, 17th .Time ; nnd tho Voluts, torquu, from Ohnstiania. 8th Jnuc. I lie blinders and Titus, stonmers, from Ade. Jaidu and' NmvcusMu arrived cnvlv tbiu morning. J Constable .Smith, of the South Hieli. mond police, is olt duty with a wounded wi Vim i Wft8.u tlio fire in Catherine Htvccfc on llmrndny, wlion a rumor wus Hpreml immntr tho crowd tluvfc there won a child iu tho bum- big house. Ho inado a gallant nttompt to lorco hiH way iu, but in flinii»1iiiig a window with In baton cut tho artoriwi of hi rieht wrwt. Ho wus atlemled to by Dr Duigan. A woman nt tho Richmond Court had uod ft .Vpnng fellow for dues for board and lotUnsiir ami got a verdict. Then alio issued a fraiui examination fiimimoiw, lo which ho did nob appear. It wa explained to hor that conduct money had not Inwti tendered, and as it trm- yureu that ho was under 21 yeara of age, tlm Clerk of, tho Court remarked, "You ought nob to tiiko in minora. u Ho'h not a miner." him responded, " Ilea a railway porter." Vhilo doing duty in tho Bay ywtrrday nftcriuKin, Semor-conatablo Morgan, of tlm Water Police found that they were luwy on buawl tho hlnp Cumbrian Monarch; dischart:, ing mqmvydor whilo thu gallov fireM were mill burning. Aa tlua i contrary to tho regulations orders wore given to put them out and vho Tliero was another shiirwltR'jlowllcr llil'l'iliuiii and a steamer with dynamite in closo prox imity to tho Cambrian Monarch at the time. Wo tako tho following from the Church Uuardian of lltli Angiwt TIjo re port thnt the Binliup of Adelaide, who xraa consecrated iti 1882, nnd i not yet fifty, i (o couio home to be Vicar of Blackburn and Asrintnnt Bishop of MnnelicKtor its, wo hm> withone foundation. When the Bishop o hlvlbourno wok iiominatod to tlie see of Manchester wo pointed out that the' Prime Minister's choice wo not likely to further tiia interestH of the colonial church ; but the re turn of tho Bishop of Adolaido would Ihj opeu to far greater objection. Nothing would bo bolter calculated to weaken the connection between tho Church of England and Iht daughter churches. That connection is now maintained, in a great measure, by tho dutiful habit of colonial dioceout to ootid to England for their bishops. If whmi Liu: hiriiop k<x' out lie stay only long enough to quaffy iiim for proiuotimi, ut home thoy will naturally, pre fer ono who, if ho Im hi nhnro of local narrow- in, will, ut ull events, remain with his tlock. Full particular respecting tho series of six "SlmkKpcuro Kveniugn "which Mr I.ocko Richardijon will conimeuoo next Monday aro advertised in ivnotiter columu. The recitals will Itogiveu in the UuaaoUMrent Hall, which i» bcin: specially fitted iq> for tho )>uri>OHe, for in the proper arrangement of tho hall, and in duo attention being paid to the lighting of 1)10 platform, tho effect of Mr Richardson' presen tations of Sliaksjiearo in no luuall mcauro de- l>eiid'j. Tlm rccitaln will lw under tho patrouago of His Exoolloncy Sir llonry and Lady Loch, who lmvo exprecsod their inten tion to attend soma of tiiem. Tho opening dnvnia will be "Othello," and tho other re cital will consist of thrco .Shnk&periau; days, Sheridan's brilliant comody, "The Rivals, " and selections from Dickens and Longfellow. Recoutly it was dntermiuod by some of the old scholars of SL Sfcopheii'n school, Richmond, during the head mastership of Mr K. A. Arm strong, to form mi association, to bo entitled " Armstrong|a .St. .Steplion's Old Boys' Ah- sociation." Three meetings have liecn held, with vory Huccmsful result. The last was hold this week nt CleinonU' Cafe, when tho following oiiieti-benrora wore elected : — Trcsi- dent, 2flr R. A. Armstrong ; Vico-Tresident, Air A. Earlc; Secretary, Mr F, L. Flint; Assistant Secretary, Mr J. Smcthurst ; Trea- surer, Mr Hurace Stuvons; Coimnlltce, Alcsurs Ford, Boylo, Stead, Crouther, llrounert, and Cutter After, tho buHinoHs was ovor a most enjoynhlo evening wtw fijK'iit, roading and recitations l»eiug given by tho gentlemen i»re- sent. It is pro|xisrxl to hold their gatherings quarterly, and any of tho old boyn aro covdially invited to attend.- . On Thursday nftewnoon at a tuatinee nt Eist St. Kildn Mr RichanUon delighted u cultured nnd fashionable audionco by giving some illustrations of Dickens and TeiniVHon. During hi recital of " Enoch Arden " lit audiviico were bathed in toara. AftiTwai-d when ho described David Copperfield' courtship of Dora. Sponsion', hi liMtoncra Ahrieked with laughter. There i no doubt that Mr Locke Richardson., is tlm must brilliant chxnitiuuist we have over had in Melbourne. A meeting of tho South Suburban Oimiibun Company was held last night iu the Royal Cieorgc Hotel, Trahrnn, when n .provisional directory was chosi-n to manage the affairs of the company in the iuterim before tho general meeting of shareholders to be held in October next. Tito company wa registered on the 22nd of this month ; . and up to tho presonfe about 2000 hnres arc reported to have been sold. , Tho duties lo bo |>erFormcd by tho directory before tho general meeting will be to dispose of the remaining shores offered for .sale. The following gentlemen were elected to actns directors Messrs J. Tarry, \V. Backer, S. M. Dal ton, J. N. Cumuiing. G. Harrison. A. J. Moddeii and A. H. Holdawortli. After tho tinusnctiou of formal " busiuess, the meeting adjourned. The.Redomptorist Fathei-si arc now con ducting) missiou in St. Patrick's Cathedral, J which sinre its commencement has by the miprcssiveuess of the service attracted im- mensu congregations both at thu Mass at 5.30 rt.m and nt the evening .service. Every evening ince last Snturday.tlie great cathedral has bean crowded. On Thursday evening thu Rov. Father O'Fnrreii delivered a must c4oquent sermon, which l&slt-d; r.n liour n ml a half. Tho subject was 'lbu .Real Treeoncc. Lout, evening the-. Rev. -Father" Hegarty, preached on Death. Tho mission will last for thrco or four weeks. ... A mmierously attended meeting of tlio ladies of the at. Kilda stall of tlio Opera Carnivnl in aid of the Chair of Music \vu held in the local Town llall yesterday afternoon, tho Mayor in tho chair, air Arthur Nicolson attended from the Central Committee. After coiwiderablc discussion tho opera of Tirnces of Penzance was Helected. Tickets wero dis tributed, for a high-class concert, to be given in the Town Hall, $t. Kilda, on Tuesday, 12th Octolwr. Arost gratifying reports were re ceived from the ladies engagetl iu making ft canvas of the borough. Tue meeting was ad journed until I p.m. on Friday last. A testimonial eutertinuieut i to bo tendered iu tlm New Frceum-rom' Hall to night to Mr T. P. Hill by the hadiug mem ber of the nurncat profession. The lnovciitcnti is being takeu up by all ecti(»n of the com munity the patiotmgu including the Alusoitic fraternity, the Trades' Hall OouncU, aud ft committee of ninety of the chief citizens of Melbourne. Madamo Tnsca i solo piumste, Madame Christian sing two Hongs,- "Alia Stella Confidento" (with violin obligato by -Mr Curtis) and Sultivuu's, "My Dearest Heart;" Me.-sr T. J. Duggan and W. E. G. Simons will recite, aud in addition to tho other artists (all of whom aro of tho find rank iu tho pro- fession). Mrs T. T. Hill will give an original 'word painting entitled, "A Night In Pari. '.Sho will alo mihtum tlio actual iv/c of Betsey Trigg ami ttain-y Gamp, and we wj>idd adviso all tiio.se who lmvo uot heard it to go to tho entertainment, if only to hear the mcmqrablu declaration regarding tho immortal Sairey'a mysterious friend. "Weliopo there will hn ft full house to- night, for tho objoot is a hiudublo one, and tho programme unexceptional, Mr IV. Noble ulll lecture fit the Temperance Hall on .Monday. fh'sSi'Iilciilugcr .vHl lecture at Uio V.M.C.A. Hall (ut JIuialay evening oil Some Points about Typboiil In consequence ofthe Town Hall being olbenvbo engaged, there will be no performance by the city organist tills evening, A sale of gifts, In aid of the Wcslcyan Cliuieb. Balaclava, will bu bold in the Hc-tioolroom, Chapel Btrvet, on Tuesday evening. A Ladles' GyinmibUu uliinlay v.ill be held at tho Town I Inll on 2nd October. C;udn can l»e obtained on aiiplicatlou to Klpbinstonc Hlclc. .Mewrfi Smithcrs-Ottdd and RcmswIU sell on Monday at 11 o'clock, ut the rooms, 375 Brunawlck street, ril/.rov, furniture, ilo., including pianos. The Uev. J. Gregson will deliver hi second lecture on the lirJi.iii Mutiny at tlie Oauifieid Union Church, Glencira Ru.id, on Thuvsday, 3t>Lh Huptunilier. Tho Federal Hturu, UiniUd, Minders street, will oo formally 0|>encd for Inieliieu on Monday next. The store )>a been llttcd up in a very attractive munner, and a larxe buinewisnnllciputed by tho tlie directors. A meeting for thu advocacy of the principle of total c.br.tinenrc will ite held on tlie Queen' wlmrf to morrow (Sundae) uitcr/ioon at tlireo o'clock, when ad- dresses will be delivered hy Meser W, U. Clancy,". Thomas, mid Ceoruc Hugliee. Mestfrs Uuckliurat and llttxton, South Melbourno, will eoK on Monday next at 10 a.m., on the pmidfiCJ, , the residence known aa Kont Villa, fit Vincent l'laco. at 16.30 a.ui., Iiooks and surgical Instruments ', and .at . II a.m., furniture, by order of tlie adiniaUtrutorlnthc estate of tho late Dr. K. If. Bparrow. The Australian Artist' Kxhlbltion will wmfthi Opett for motlicr week, at tho request of its lufJuential patrons, aud season tlcket-holuers, uud. on account of tho over-orowded etato of the room during tlio t two days. Tho oonimittco have also arranged a miwu art-union to bo drawn nt the end of tlio week, com bUtlng of 200 tlckots at 10s each, to dispose of the few remaining unsold picture. 