News. of the World. An Old LomtonPavorite. — Mrs. Chippendale, who has, been too long absent from 'the London stage, will appear in the Lyceum on the repening of that theatre in September,: and will probably succeed Mrs. Stirling in the character of Martha. The Muedeeee Brooks.— Mr, George H. Bailey writes fibm Dublin:—' Maxwell, who has been convicted of the murder of Mr. Preller in St. Louis, took a ticket for San Francisco, from whence he sailed for Auckland ? in the City of Sydney gn April 12. I was a passenger on board the same vessel, and' made the' acquaintance of Maxwell very quickly. Of course no one on board had at that time heard of the murder. Maxwell introduced himselt as a French officer of the Guard, and called himself D'Arguier. He gave us vivid accounts of his- adventures during the Franco-Prussian war, and especially at the battle of Gravelotte, where he said he had been wounded/ As a companion he was extremely interesting-, and was always the centre of a group of passen gers, ready to discuss every topic from theology to war. In manner he was very much of a Frenchman — bright and quick. He seemed tol possess considerable mechanical ability, and had. in his pockets all kinds of implements. Socially, he spoke more of England than of France, and often referred to excursions he had made on the coast of North Wales, and to interviews he had had with Sir Watkin Williams Wynn and other local personages. He kept up his assumed character as a 'Frenchman all through, and always spoke in broken PIiktHrTi. etwn ?wT-o-n in +.T10 Tni-1-i1fi of a heated argument. As, Brete Harte says, ' his viewB of heaven were very free/ and gave much offence to a lot of Baptists and Presbyterians from Canada. Two members of the Salvation Army on board attacked him with tracts, and he re plied by offering them some of Voltaire's works.' : Ghosts. — The Woeld says: Honghton is haunted by two ghosts, 'who must have trans ferred themselves from the old house. Two brothers fonghta duel here three hundred years ago, a d one was killed, and his spirit haunts the billiard-room There is also the famous brown lady, who enjoys the credit of having scared George IV. out of the house. This is Lady Doro thy Walpole, wife of Charles, Lord Townshend, who died mysteriously after an unhappy life, and she haunts the state bedroom. George IV., when Prince Regent, slept in this apartment, and after his first night at Hooghton he came down furi ously angry and much excited, declaring with many oaths that he would not pass another night in the accursed house ; and presently he added, ' I have seen that which I hope to God I may never see again.' Months after He stated that on awaking in the night he had found standing by the bedside a little lady dressed all in Drown, witn. dishevelled hair, and a race of ashy paleness. Electbicitt as a Meaws of Capital Punish ment. — A Paris correspondent of a London paper said—' The French have ever been fond of making criminals under capital punishment benefit by the progress of scientific inventions. M. Chartron, the Senator of the Yonne, wants to sweep away the sinister instrument to which Dr. Guillotin gave his name, and to replace it by an electrical apparatus which, he 6ays, would act-as rapidly as thought in causing death. With all due respect to M. Charton, I think it better to adhere to the present system. Electricity has been ex tensively tried in Blaughter-houses and has failed to do its work rapidly and surely. It is very uncertain in its effects, and it is difficult to direct it on vital centres, its tendency being to run over the surface of the animal, burning its skin and causing excruciating torture. It some times produces marked electrolvtic effep.tn of tissue decomposition, causing ^gangrene. In one case an attempt to kill a she'ep entirely failed, although a current of several thousand .volts was used. After martyrising the ajpinia-1 the experi ment had to be given up. Steady currents, how ever strong, generally faiL Interrupted or re rersed currents, although capricious in their effects, often bring about death by tetanus. A Fajoltt of Eota.1. Eccentbics- — The grand father of the late unfortunate King of Bavaria kept within bounds until he met Lola Montes. Then he forgot his plans for building monuments in the Grecian style, and lavished the money on her which was to go to architects. When she was turned off there was,a' violent Catholic and anti-Liberal reaction, ..or which the unfortunate Ludwig and his brother Otto were the victims. They were brought up in a semi-monkish and semi-Prussian manner. They were subjected to the severest military discipline, and were cram med by professors of every art and science. Ludwig was 9 years old, and Otto four when King Ma.yiinnis^ died. It suited the collateral heirs to persevere in this unnatural system. The Queen Dowager was regarded as a heretic, and being of a gentle and sentimental disposition, was ignored, and no attention was paid to her entreaties for the children to be al lowed pleasures natural to their age... Otto was seized with a suicidal mania. He thought of nothing but how to rid himself of his miserable life.. On attaining his majority Ludwig was asked by the Grand Master of his palace what orders he had to give. He answered that it was his plea sure that some youths of his age might be fetched from the gymnasium to show him how to make kites and to fly them. He had not been al lowed to be a boy, and for some time after he became his own master threw himself passion ately into boyish games of a puerile kind. Bttskin on Cmxaea Debts. — The latest from the pen of Mr. Buskin was sent in reply to a cir cular asking him to subscribe to pay off the debt upon an English; church. It is as follows : ? Brantwood, Coniston,' Lancashire, May 19, 1886. SirJ- — I am scornfully amused at your appeal to me* of all people in the. world the prec sely least likely to give youa farthing. My first word to all men and boys whocare to hear me ' is, ' Don't get into debt. Starve and sro toiieaven, but don't borrow. Try first begging— I don't mind, if it's really needful, stealing! But don't .buy things you can't pay for. And of all manner of debtors, pious people building churches they can't pay for are 'the most de testable nonsense to me. , Can't ,you preach, and pray behind the hedges, or in a sajidpit, or a coal hole first ? And of all manner of churches thus idiotically built, iron churches are the damnablest tome. And of all 'the sects of believers in any ruling spirit— Hindoos, Turks, Feather Idolaters, and Mumbo Jumbos, Fog and Fire Worshippers — who want churches, your mbdern English Evangelical sect is the most absurd, and entirely objectionable and unendurable to me. All which they might very easily have found ? out from my books—any other sort of sect would— before bothering me to write to them. Ever, neverthe less, and in all this Baying, your faithful servant, John Bttskin, ? Bitten by a Hobse.^— A serious land painful accident (says the Boma Stab) ojacurred on the lovn. instant, to Jar. John OUnen,, manager of Mr. S. Stewart's Eddystone JTale station, on the Maranoa Eiver. Jttr. O'Brien, who is 40 years of age, was in the stockyard of the station breaking in a young draught colt. While doing so he raised his arm, which the colt seized between the wrist and the elbow; and, notwithstanding Mr. O'Brien's efforts to free himself , he was pulled three times round the yard. Both bonps of the forearm were broken to splinters. , A messenger was at once despatched to Mitchell for medical assistance. The arm -was amputated .just below the elbow. , -/* TJN15HF1.OYED ik EsGLAim— The London Beeebee recently said :— Hundreds of men are standing about the streets all .day., long with nothing to do, yet bravely and patiently bearing their bitter trials Hundreds of little children emaciated and naked, save for a few dirty rags, hang about on the doorsteps with, gaunt, famished faces and hungry eyes, too weak, too starved to play. In the course of conversation one old fellow said that he had had no work for two years, and was getting used to being without food all day. The worst time/ he said, was last winter, when he had nothing,. .£bf five days ^ufca*B-|§i54©I *nd ^^ £°me, phestnut6.TJh.ere are in Middl^r^p^^^ljbreeejttt time 12000 men out of works aa^aPHi^^lSfelygone maiii street, the ^h*v^-^'-i^f;j?»aseiy''%jp^tedvSnto it is appalling. There ia very little erim1e- in spite of :i^msvc^B/'^0T^tW^m^t-i^ jfoJL tue tnonev in- the=-hands' '^;^e';t:iti^e|r?Sw-^^n^rty' ex- ; hausted, and as thiare ^'.^ttle^^^ibf* ' matters **ghting . titein^lJiiTO'^^^^ these 'unemployed 4s not a pleasant on» ' ' Fatal Duel. — A duel was fought near Liege* France, in July, between M. Sauvage, a lieu tenant of Artillery, aad M. Prello, an army sur geon. Four shots were exchanged, and at the last discharge M. Prelle was shot dead. pATRiOTrc Irishmen. — The following placard recently appeared tnroughout Dublin : — ' Irish men,— Assemble in your thousands on the occa sion of rhe departure of their excellencies Lord and Lady Aberdeen, thereby showing to the world that you. can appreciate the efforts of Eng land's greatest statesmen to concede to us our inalienable right to Home Bule. — By order of the Citizens' and Trades' Council committee.' Exteaosdinaby Leap Down a Well. — A girl named Emma Brazier, belonging to Lynipne, Kent, England, recently attempted to commit suicide by jumping down a well 43ft in depth. She would, appear to have deliberately dropped into the water, as her only injury, as it was after wards found, was a slight grazing of her knees. On rising to the surface of the water she clutched a bar crossing the well, and remained in that positiun for about an hour, at the end of which time she was rescued. She was in a very exhausted condition. The girl, who is only 20 years or age, was found to be insane- ? Exteaoepinaey Coinctpence. — In London, in, July, an inquest was held on the body of Emma Slaney, aged 40, a married woman. It appeared that the deceased had been given to drink for some time past. She disappeared from home, and her husband went in search of her, but failed to obtain any clue to her whereabouts. He went for a walk in Victoria Park, with his two young children. While sitting on a seat he was startled at perceiving a woman rush into the lake some distance off. Seeing that she was drowning, the water being about art' deep, Mr. Slaney divested himself of hat and coat, and swam to her rescue, succeeding at length in bringing her to land. It was not until the woman was carried to the receiving house, and lay there half dead, that the brave fellow saw that the woman he had snatched from death was his own wife. A Bttlii Fight. — A shocking accident occurred recently in Spain. The amphitheatre was thronged with spectators, who were enjoying the final act of the fete which has been given in the old his toric town. Fireworks and Bengal lights threw a lurid glare over the scene. Several bulls had already made their appearance, and as the last one, named Menez Vous, rushed into the arena he was tortured in the usual manner by the pica doree and their satelites. The unlucky animal, goaded to fury by the banderilleroSj and mad dened by the flames which burst around him, ~ turned at length on his tormentors. The bull repeatedly tossed a banderillero, Etienne Boberfc, surnamed ' Le Sabre,' amid the horror of the witnesses of this ghastly scene, and, despite all the efforts cf his comrades, left the man insen sible and bleeding on the ground. Finally the spectators broke into the arena, while Bobert was borne away in a dying state. Behabkable Bullet Wounds. — The girl Alice Clarke, who was shot at by her lover, in London, recently, has been discharged from the hospital. The bullet is still deeply embedded in her head — too deep to admit of an opera tion, though it may ultimately gravitate to a spot where it may be more accessibe. Mr. W. J. Best, one of the bouse surgeons, under whose care Alice Clarke has been, thinks she is now convalescent. Another remarJt able case, arising from a bullet wound of a serious character, has . also been treated at the London Hospital On June 19, the day of the Bow tragedy, a young man named William Hicks attempted suicide in the city by shooting himself in the head with a revolver. The bullet entered the frontal bone, and is still embedded in a portion of the brain, and in such a position as almost to preclude the possibility of successful extraction. Hicks was discharged from the hospital. The bullet seems to occasion him no inconvenience. Since he has been an inmate of the hospital it is stated that he has shown no suicidal symptoms. Illiteeate Voters. — A parliamentary return has been issued by the British Home Office, showing the number of persons who voted as illiterates at the general election of 18S5, and fcpecifying the constituencies in which their votes were recorded. It appears that the number of votes poiled in England and Wales was 3,705,1013, of which 80,430 were illiterates; in Scotland', 447,588 votes, of which 7708 were illiterates; and in Ireland, 450,906, of which 9S,404 were illite rates. In the 66 Irish county contests thtre were recorded 373,863 votes, of which 92,822 were illiterates. In the 13 Irish borough contests 77,043 votes were recorded, of whio.h 5582 were illiterates. In the 37 Scotch county contests tnere were 2t-4,wi4 votes recorded, of which 6012 were illiterates ; while in the 27 borough contests there were 192,964 votes, of which 1696 were illiterates. The return does not separate the English counties from the boroughs. In the city of London there were 33,009 votes recorded, of which 20 were illiterates; in Edinburgh, 26,827 votes and 118 illiterates ; and in Dublin, 31,846 votes and 869 illiterates. EXTBAOEDINAEY DlVOECE CASE. ? In the ]j0H don Probate and Divorce Division, on July 29, the case of Marsden v. Marsden was heard It was an undefended suit, in which the wife sought for a divorce on the ground of her husband's adultery and cruelty. The parties were married on March 14, 1883. The respondent was a farmer at a p-ace called Wigley, in Derbyshire, and after the marriage they resided there. The petitioner alleeed that after the marriage the respondent struck and ill- treated her, and that he committed adultery with a Mrs. Marsden, who was the wife of a cousin of his own, who lived near them. In consequence of the respondent's brutality, the petitioner left her husband and went home to her father. She returned a month or two after, when she found her husband cohabit ing with Mrs. Marsden. The petitioner con tinued to live with her husband until the month of July of last year, when she finally left him. The petitioner was called, and related the cruelty of which he complained. She stated that her husband and Mrs. Marsden, his cousin's wife, went to bed together in her presence. Next morning she went and told Mrs. Marsden's husband that his wife was in bed with her husband. Mr. Marsden came to the house and saw them in bed ; but all he said to his wife was, 'Get up arid make my breakfast.' Other witnesses were called, who clearly proved the respondent's adultery and cruelty, and a decree nisi, with costs, was granted. Bepoeteb Destepctiok of Khaetouh. ? Was- sif Bey, who was formerly captain of the garrison in El Obeid, has arrived in Cairo, after havmg been absent for eighteen years, which have been spent in the Soudan! He left Omdurman on April 16 in the disguise of a dervish, slowly work ing his way down. He was present atthe capture of El Obeid, and at all the subsequent movements in Kordofan. For several -years he was in captivity as a slave. His account of the state of afiairsgeneraliy in the Soudan is very satisfactory from the English point of view. The former followers of the Mahdi are now split up into fac tions, and are occupied in internecine warfare. The great mass of the inhabitants are heartily sick of the whole business, and would gladly wel-~ come the restoration of the Egyptian sovereignty. At Dongola, which district suffered most severely and from being a prosperous province has been reduced to* the condition of a desert, the -rebels had three steamers, bnt the Shillok tribe cap tured them, and are using one. Khartoum, says Wassif Bey, has been razed to the ground, with the exception of a few European-built houses on the banks of the Nile. Its place -has been taken by Omdurman, on the other side of the river, which is now a large town. There are several Europeans there attempting to. carry on a trade in cloths in the interior. Amongst those Wassif Bey saw there were Lupton Bey and Slaten Bey, and also several-Greek jnerchants and a dozen pr so European women, imbstly Greeks. Slatenand Lupton have full liberty within the town, riding about freely. Wassif finally states his conviction that any force marching up to re-establish thie Khedive's authority ^w^uld meet with .&' weleomV rather than with resistance. ,As ..:r^fflards:^-jadui'-' V$ man, even there the oTOoei56^)w0iM^Jsl^3ifci :S 