THE GRAVE IN THE WET VALLEY MOUNTAIN. Not long ago, I visited, for the first time in many years, the beautiful spot on Lake Winnoposaukco, whore the happiest days of my youth wore passed.' Like most men under similar circumstances, I was depressed by the, realisation which such visits bring of i the contrast between the permanonco of the works of nature and theo transitoriness of the human life. The; broad lake shone in the sun, pure and beautiful as of old;- the many islands which dotted the surface were un changed; the Sandwich Dome and the Ossipeo Mountains rose in their pris tine beauty; but the friends of my( boyhood, whore were they P I was likeo a stravger in a strangoland and could! almdst echo the sad words of the poorl old monk who spoke to the painter! Wilkie in the refectory of the Escu-' vial; and say that all who wore my: predecessors, most of my contem poraries and many of those who wore; younger than myself, had passeci away. I made inquiries in particular about three persons. One was a very ro markable woman-a Mrs. W.-a' widow, of old family and large means, who had been to me the ideal of a Roman matron. "Nature," as Dr.; 'Holmes happily says, "had written: her- virtues on ruled paper and forgotten to rub out the lines." Her strong will had often clashed! with that of the second object of my inquiries- her son, my friend and schoolmate. That she loved him· dearly I well know, but he had in herited a share of her own firmness,, and 'lie chafed at the restraints put; upon him and her choice for him of a' plan of life, laid down as r:gidly as: wore the laws of the Medes and Per sians. It goes without saying that this plan was far from including a: prolonged residence at home andnear the farm-house where dwelt the third' personage, so well-remembered by me \--Alice R., a beautiful village girl: She' was as sweet as a mountain; daisy; bright, intelligent and a.ee tionate;, but one whom duty would always and inexorably control, though her heart might break. I know that Robert W. had what was more than a voyish regard for her, and I thought she cared for him'; but even a youngster must have o'sen trouble ahead in such an attachment. I once heard that Robert hadleft home. NowI learned that all' three had been absent for 'years i that the son had never returnrd and was supposed to have died' far ,?away; that Mrs. W. had., become deeply attached to Alice, and that the latter was living with her somewhere in Massachusetts. During my brief stay here all three were often in my Smind. Then came departure and new interests and cares, and Iforgotthem. That I. should have part oz lot with them aeain I never dreamed. Nature is thebest and most generous of paymasters, and right royally does she reward those who do her homage. If you are in that number, gentle reader,. perhaps you have had the privilege of seeing not only the. lake country of which I have just spoken, but also that other charmed region, the "Beverly Shore." You know the stretch of coast from Salem to SGloucester; the rocky crags and the smooth beaches; the sheltered- caves and the bold headlands; the pictu resque roads; the old towns and the tall trees, between which you look out friom the verindahs of lovely summor 'homes ,to thie dancing waves, of .a 'summer sea. You know Man chester-by-the-Sea, . and Magnolia," and Norman's Woo, and Gloucester Harbour; andEastern Point, with the flashing red light. A charmed region, indeed! and a cheering refuge from the heat ofa greatcityin August,I thought, as Iregistered my name at the hotel in Manchester. I glanced casually at. those preceding mine and among them were Mrs. W. and Miss R. - Next day I met, and recalled my self to them-the white-haired, high bred matron, far more gentle and gracious than of yore-; and Alice, showing many traces of her old Leauty, :and with just a wistful shade in her peaceful eyes. They were glad to see me; and we talked' of olden times. Mrs. W. showed emiotion when speak. ing of her son, but it was clear that time had brought her a degree, of con 'solation, andshe told meethe story in?mn faltoringtones. Roberthadlofthometo go to China in a'clipper ship after-Im ferred-a serious disagreement with his miother. She neyer heard from . him by mail, and o:ily learned from the captain, on -the. completion of his round trip, -thlai Robert left .him when: he put inib Rio Janeiro for re pairs. He thought he probably sailed for California in one of two vessels which, he' .found in port. He was traced to San Francisco. whence he started for the overland, trip. , Noth- . ing dwas ,'ever heard from him again'; and, as n ars passed, his friends ,hyea_ given hin up for dead. " " When Mrs. W. began to tell me thi'sftor', Miss R. made some , excuse .for leaving the room ;, and she had not returned when. the " elder woman concluded, and, after a pause of Ssonieminutes, again'addressed me. S"Doyou believein presentiments ?" she asked. "No, indeed," was my reply. . A week ago I should have said the same," sbe'.continuod. "In all my long life 'Ihave scouted such things and ani' fairly ashamed of myself now for giving.them any place in my mind. Nevertheless I am at this moment . 'haunted, :positively h" aunead, by the-feeling that I am-to know something 'of the fate of: 'o£ my " ''poor boy, and knlow it "oon--almost. : 'mmediaely. You will 'think' me "foolish :adl credulous; and you would SLe righlt.but for the fact thatI have 1'b ibpedOand longed " (she turn:l to me 'with' swimming eyes)'" and prayed, "oh! so earnestly, for years and years, for some light, if only the least ,in the world, on my boy's fate !" I made some conventional - reply and left her to her thoughts. As I passed out of the room Miss 31. ,re turned. - Near the hotel there is a splendid rocky headland from which a glorious view is to be had at all times, but especially at sunset. Next day I offered the ladies my escort thither. After traversing a shaded path and dlimbing the steep side of the rock we came into full view of the ocean, look fug north and east, in that direction the sky was cloudless; and the sunlight illuminated the sails of a large fishing fleet in the oillng. Thoe day was per fect and the air balmy, clear and stills Looking for a seat, we found, en sconced in a comfortable corner, a resident of the village, an acquain tance of my own and a most interest ing one. After long years of travel, excitement and adventure, the peace ful life of the quiet old town was- he had often assured me--most: congenial to him; at wlich, by the way, I greatly marvelled. He loved to tell of past experiences and, as a matter of course, found in i me a ready listener. .I presentedhim to my companions, whom he saluted with grave courtesy. We sat together for some .time, looking at the shore and sky and sea. Mrs. 'W. seemed much attracted by the conversation of her now acquaintance, and led him on to tell of his previous life. In some; curious way, passing from one subject: to another, he was drawn to speak of a. strange episode which was wholly now to me. " In 1861," said he, " I was in the government service and encamped; with a party', of about forty: frontiersmen in the Walla Wallas Valley, in Oregon, just where theo streams unite to form the river. The valley was thickly wooded and the mountains rose abruptly; on one side. I.doubt it a party ever. encamped under more .peculiar. cir-; cumstances. There were; as I just' said,' about forty of-us, including: Governor, afterward General Stevens, and three other men, well known at. that time in connection with Indian affairs.' Near us were encamped ,about 1100: Indians, who had come thither, nominally 'for' a conference,, but really-I was, and am, well satis-. fied-wsith the intention of talkti,: our scalps. I knew- their ways well, and there was no mistake to'my mind: about their purpose. 'My four .com panions, Gov. .Stevens, Borland,. Duval; and Sinclair, had beein.hopeful: at first, but' had' come to agree with me; and, sitting there, by the camp fire one night, 'which I remeiiber .as if it were yesterday, we knvew that, any moment might be,. our .last.i Naturally we spoke..of' death, and gradually drifted into a discussion as to the.way in which euich of us would prefer to mnake his exit from 'this :world."' " 'For my. part,' said the Governor, ' I would, crave the boon of a bullet straight' between the oyes' ' Well,' said Boiland, "I would not care to go quite as quickly as that. There is a place 'near the heart where the' ball would give its victim 'some' minutes.' ' What do you say, Duval ? I asked. ' ".' Give. me. -the. muzzle of a Der ringer just over the right ear.' ' And you," Sinclair ?' ' I would have it take me in the back 'of'the head. And now you have been questionihig the 'rest of us; what do you' say your self P"' S' On,'- said I, ' I would like a better job made than any of youi" I would have myhecal blown off, once for all, by a'cannon shot' . . , S"Well, mad?im, there was some thing very strange aibouit what;h lip= poned. . I suppose some of the p I.ra had: what they .call presentiments. We were not attacked by the Indians in camp near.us--I suppose because they missed the' chance of surpris;ng us-and we separated. .oplaud went down the river. As he reached the. Cases les, the well-known battle which took. its name from them was begin ring. "He was "ishot ftrob ainbuesh, near 'the heart. He :wLs.':carried to shelter and F]vcd justthirty iinutes. Duval?asa manof unfortunate habits, which mastered him at times. Not long after we parted, and-in a deliriuim, he put the muz·leb of a Derringer to the side of his head and blew his brains out. Sinclair went, like the brave' but.rash 'man 'which he wa?s, among the members of a tiibe that he 'had known. well, 'but' which had be come disaffected. hile he was talk iig' with'them a shotbhit hin fulllntlie back of the head, and he never knew what hurt him. Gov. Stevens was -a West Pointer. He went East and be came a general in the Union' army, and a good one: -While he was lea - ing a charge, jiist about the timcei Phil. I(earney'was killed, a rifle-ball struck him-just between the"eyes. "Well, 'a man won't go till his'time' comes and I have not seen a, cannon fired from that time to this !". ' SiEiss ~1."iatat a little distance from me, ontheleft'; Mrs. -W at my right and near me. She turned to me,-'and I saithe question in her eyes, befoie she l hispered it. " What do you say to presentiments now?' " I smiled and sat: silent,' as did' we all for isome tine.' Mrs. W. then be gan to show" signs of restlessness. Miss R.l had blenevery quiet from the first." I had'glanced at her once or twice, and thought .how strange :her lot inm life had.been.' 'Had she for gottenIRobert.?- was sp:culating on this' questiobn wheii Mrs. W.. Pud denly asked our friehd from the' vil lage to tell her more of his adventures in the West. " Well;' madai;" said he, "I was thinkiing just ttbhismoien-of a strange and sad one. It might" interest you to hear of it.? His voice and manner were quite dVfferent from what they were during the previous nai.-ation. He spoke slowly, and in low tones; anrd he nover -once turned his eyes from the.line: of' coast ?to the north ward. "A number. of.years ago,' ho said, * "I was , going 'from Leavenworth across the .plains.' I hiad with me a I party of two ve men, well armed and equipped. "We reached thei moun taiiis wathoit encduitering any special danger or difficlfty, and worked our may into the aWot, Mountain Valley.. We knew the- Indians were troublo-i some ini that region, aid we were con tihually .on our guard. 'One mornipg, when 1 was. a little in advance of the rest, I saw:-a man. emerge froni a group of trees, and sigial to us. As we approached -each other; I saw he was about sixty. years of ago, with gray hair and beard; and he was lame, and wvalked n :th much diffi culty. Heo. hold out his hand as we met, and he addressed me eagerly. "' Pard,' said ho, ' l'm mighty glad to see help comin', an' no mistake. Say, are yer a doctor? No? Well, perhaps yer knowr somothin' about wounds and sickness, an' yer've got: some medicine in yer outfit.' Ho wont on to explain that a party of five of them had been followed and harried by the Indians and had no rest, and were fighting all the time. He himself had a wound in the leg, and lost so much blood that he was faint and weary. ' Blt' don't mind me,' he went on. ' Jest come an' look at one.o' my:pards; him that we-thought the world of. He got an drrow through the thigh three days ago, and he's mighty bad, poor fellow. Come along this way.' 'We soon reached a rude encampment and were greeted with joy by two or three thin, worn men. On a pile of blankets, under a rough shelter of boughs, lay the youngest-the Ben jamin of the party. 1 stooped down and looked at him, and I knew enough about surgery to tell that he wasn't long for this world; he had been very badly wounded, fever had ensued, and he was now quite unconscious. He was a fine, handsome fellow,.and we all felt mighty sorry for him. The old man who had gone to meet me wept like a child when I told him there was no hope. Night was com ing on and I told my men to see to the camp, get supper and stand guard : so that the poor fellows we had mat could get a square meal, and then, some rest, which they needed sorely. I stayed by the sick man, He lay quiet for some time. There was nothing in the world to do for him. I. have ceen plenty of men dio, and I knew his call had come. Later in the even irn. he was restless and I gave him a little water to moisten his lips; but I am sure he was quite unconscious. The moon came out before mid night and it was very bright in the valley. I do not know at what hour I saw the poorfellowmove.. Then he hoegan picking with his thin fingers at the miner's blanket which covered him, and this is a sure sign that death is not far away. Then he began to speak in a low, faint voice, yet quite distinctly enough for me to understand. It was the. most re mnarkable communication I'ever heardl in'my life. It was:a sort'of soliloquy; -descriptive of scenes' through.whicih 'the speaker.'supposed himself to be passing. It was terribly prathetie see-! ing'him lying.there, 'so:near his end,: and hearing him'talk-as' he :did., "He was on'a ship anrdit wag nearing land. The shore canie in' sight,. idistant and faint. 'Oh! how happy he was to see it. He would soon reach .it, then' would come a journey, -loi'g but plea sant, for was he not homeward bound ? and then-"-". All of a sudden it flashed across my mind that '-Mrs. W.'s presentiment was to be fulfilled. I glanced nei~ vously' at her. She was listening intently; her hands wore folded and she was looking into vacancy. The:'s 'was a rapt expression on her face. I saw she wa's..i 'in, exialted.state of .mind, 'What she wiould 'say or do I could not tell, but I :facied· that, after lon'g years ot: weaty vaiting, hoping, apd 'despairing;, any positive news of her son s.fate could not but be grateful to her. - The- sun -had sunk lowiand its rays, made a golden sheen on the water. .The narrator vent on. .-- *.. " And soon he would he at hnmn at home-once more. Just think of it!. His voice had grown faintei aisd his'fingers'hardly moved. And then-and. then-' he whis pered, 'I-I- -shall 'ee '- His eyes opened for .one instant,' then closed once more. He lay qu te still and he never' spoke? again. I stayed by him.-. Soon the two or three who had formed his party came to nake in quiries. The elder man, Joe they called him, took 'his place on the other side, and now and then passed his sleeve over his eyes.' We watched a long time. I thought I knew when he would go. I have seen many a good fellow die there;. just at that strange hour, .between 2 and 4 in the morning, when our vital powers are at their feeblest; and I was right. It was just a quart-r' to 3 when hi gave a litle sort of sigh and his heart stopped beating; and then old Joe rose' and said to me, "Pard, you may bet your. life that-the good Lord never took a whiter man.' "Well, next day'we dug agrave for him, some, distance across .the. 'valley, in 'canyon in the Siangre 'de Cnsto Mountains. I had an old prayer-booli in my pack, and I read the serijbe2' Some'of'the beiysih my party could sing,. and I told them we ougt to have ahymnu. One of the dead . man's :;party spoke ':,up and said: "' Joe lmows' the one he used to like so well, and wuz a-singin' so often. Say, Joe, y'ersmin it yerself.' "And then poor Joe, with his eyes filled with tears, and in a voice that might have been very good once, began to 'sing. " Oh! Idon't you remember Sweet Alice, Ben * BoltP". I can tell you, I've .had plenty of strange -experiences;' but that one did beat,. all. Why, there wasn't a d"y eye in the party, ,Andc'.all.. of; •them. .seasoned '.:fron tiersmen, too. And I never in my ?fe heard,' Ben. Bolt' sung at a fueil bforfre 'o- sinice.''' He stopped for ea moment. All this tinie' hbad never looked at Miss R. Now I glanced at her and saw her pale as a ghost, and as if she were going to faint:, .In:a eccond. I would.. have made a motion to help her, bat a look'in~' r-eyes; as thdy met mine; stopped me. Mrs. W. had not stirrc& nor breathed a syllable. Just then the ! last rays of;the: air had reached Msag' nolia, and every window-pane was a blaze of light. The narrator spoke againm: " I never know who the poor fellow: was. I wish I did. The only possible clue .to ,his 'identity,. which. I lveor-.. ticed 'a thout effect, was a pug ona lis <finge'r -with an ' inscription inside; '1.W., from his mother.'" Mrs. W? rose to, her feet. II.thank God,': said she,." for Wbat you' have told me;' and I thank you for caring for my poor boy;~ and giving, him Christian. burial. I am an old woman and not as strong as I was. I cannot sihy more now, but you must 'let me Lee you again. Come, Alice, give me your arm. 'You will excuse me gentlenien, for leaving you." We made way for her; we could do nothing else. Miss R. had gained control of herself, but was white as a sheet. She supported the poor lady and they moved slowly away. I had acquaintances in the neigh bourhood of the scene of Robert's ending, and I could be of some ser vice. The lovely valley whore the Indians harried him to his death is now as peaceful as New England, and. a busy mining town has sprung up not far froi the grave. This grave my correspondent, a woxihy moun taineer, succeeded in finding. I have a letter from him now before me. His heart is better than his grammar. "It's all right," he says, "the head stone come O.K., and some of the boys went out with me and set it up. They didn't tumble to the flower racket the first go off, but they did mighty quick when I told them the story.' I should mention that the expression, "flower racket "relates to a request-conveyed to me in a sad, little confidential note from Miss R-- that, if possible, the grave should be decorated at stated intervals" with flowers, at her expense. "When we was on our way back," the letter went on, " Sam Ryder come up to me. You remember Sam that stood in with us when the crowd fronm Fairplay tricd to jump the Iittle Florence claim. He' let on to me that he allowed that if there'd been a woman in" the world that cared for him like that, it would. have made a good man of' him. ' And,' says he, 'jest you write to the Colonel' (mean irg myself), and tel' him I'lltake that contr.ct, and them flowers' will be thar, every time.'"-D'etroit Free Press. 