Sunday Heading. Jesua at.ttie Well, Bt Mbs. H. Baxvbb. JlHtra vraa weary. "In all things made \- -i .. like unto Bis brethren " (Heb. ii. if), "in all points tempted like sewn afre " (Heb. iv. 15), Jesus know what physical Weafinets was There are temptations peculiar to fatigue, It tends to induce ffetfuinets, self-occupation, oelf pity, especially where it is accompanied with sharp nerve pain. But how did Jesus deal with fatigue? Be did not urge Himself •on to needless exertion, but when His disoiples went array into the city to buy meat, Be quietly • took the opportunity to reit upon the well Yet, no sooner did eomothing come befora Him which bis Father permitted, than he ac cepted it at His bands, without a UUestion. There was a soul to be won. A woman of Samaria came to draw/water, and " Jesus saith unto her, Givo mo to drink." It was a simple request from a tired stranger. The law of God was " Bore ye, therefore, the etranger; for ye wers strangers in the land of Egypt." (Dent. x. 19) But Jesus met with a rebuff, a heartless, unnecessary, unwomanly rebuff, "Bow is it that Thou being a Jew, askest drink of me, which atn a woman of Samaria?" It was true that Jews had no dealings with Samaritans, but it wi s also true that kindness and sympathy for those in need should OTerstep national dis tinctions. The woman did not know to whom ehe was speakicg; the world'e Master and Creator was before her, who had said, " If I were hungry, I would not tell thee j for the world is mine, aud the fulness thereof" (Ps. 1, 32). She did not know that He had more to giro her than she could hare to give Him, bnt lie "said unto her, If thou knewest the gift of God (see John iii. 16), and who it is that saith to thee, GiTe Me to drink, thou wouldeet hare asked of Him, and He would have given thee living water." Ob how the world faints for want of tho living water—" the Spirit, which they that believe on Him should receive " (John vii. 39). How Jiiany prayere are dead, powerless prayers for want of the Holy Ghost; how many Christians even live lives which ore a mere drag of wearying effort to keep right, for want of the Holy*Ghost to dwell in them and reveal Jesns in them. Our blessed Lord knew that He •lose could reveal to this sinful woman her own etato a id her deep need. Ehe said, " Sir, Thou bast nothing to draw with, and the well is deep." O what a revelation was there to her, and it there to all who receive His tiutb, in the words, "Whosoever drinketh of this water shall thirst again; bnt whoso ever drinketh of the water that I shall give him shall never thirst; but the water that I shall give Mm shall he in him a well of water springing up into everlasting life." This was something of which the hadno conception; bnt Oh, how true this is of the Holy Ghost 1 Water finds its own level. When we yield ourselves op to the Holy Ghost, to be taught the truth about ourselves and about Jesus, He oomes in and throws a new and heavenly light upon everything; He makes it easy to us to see ourselves in the wrong aud to acknowledge it; He makes us see how blessedly Jesus has atoned fur and cleanses us from •in; He makes ns to understand that we have no power, but, at the iBme time, how Jesus, dwelling in ns, when we have received Him, is the very " Power of God " within us to do His will. He shows ns that we do not need to go and slake our thirst at some earthly sonrce, but tbat Jesns Himself is God's ever , lasting Life within us—" He that hath the Sou hath life, and He tbat hath not the Son of God, hath not life " (I John v. 12). A Father led by nta Child.—Mr. J.Bay says: "I heard of a little girl lately who gaTe her heart to the Lord, and afterwaids became very anxious tbat her parents also should become followers of tbe Saviour. Her daily prayer was that thoy should be born again. One night she wae silting with her father wondering how she should best break this subject to him, when she said,' Father, may I sing something for you?' 'Surely, child,' replied the father, fondly caressing the little one who sat at his feet. She began the beantifnl hymn beginning with 'There is a fountain filled with blood.' She sang the hymn throughout. It seemed to impress the father a little, hut be medi no remark 'Father, may I read a bit to you r' tbe little ?icss ngc asked, looking up into ber father's face "If it pleases you, you may.' he replied. Hie opened tbe Bible, and r ad i'l the third chapter of John. Tbe man's hand was seen to tr-mbls as his child read tbe wonderful story of Const and Nicodemui. 'Will you lot roe pray, father ?' she asked, as she cloted t he book. 'Yon cannot pray, child,' he said. ' 1 wilt try, father,' she answered, and on bended knee she prayed that God won'd save her father and mother. The father's heart was touched, and there,'whilo his little child was prajiug, be gave himself to Christ. ' Verily, verily, 1 ssy unto thee, Except a man bo born again, ho cannot see the kingdom cf God.'*' Witsess bbabjsg at A Festival —A mis sionary says: " On learning the reaton of a lister's absence from a Sunday afternoon ser vices, we were greatly troubled. She bad ac cepted an invitation to a tillage feast. Tho next day the claes-leader gave him the follow ing account of the proceedings: They had a merry time of it yesterday; full jugs were handed round, but amidst the joking and up roarious singing our sister sat still They pressed her to join them, and at last she took a little book from her pocket and said: ' My favourite song you ere not likely to know; therefore be attentive and I will sing it to you.' To the astonishment of all present aho then sang a beautiful Bohemian hymn. Thore was soon siltn'c, and wh?n she had finished she produced another book, the hew Testament, several passages of which she read and ei pounded too. : An old gentleman was present who inew onr sister well; he was astonished tit the great change in her, especially wonder ing at her courage and eloquence. She told him of our meetings, and of her joy in the Saviour) he answered, evidently much moved j ' Then it tebmi that ilia Lord is gracious to us, and is tending us again the days of our pious fathers.' Knowing that the employer of our sister's husband was a friar of the Benedictine order, the gentleman asked: 1 Are you not afraid he will lose his situation if you have anything to do with heretiosP' 'Hot at all,' she replied, ' It is certain that if we seek first the kingdom of Qod and His righteousness all things needful shall be given us.' Singing was kept tip until ltttt), but the hymns were veiy ihtich unlike the songs with which the feast began. The whole village is talking of the peculiar festival that was cele brated yesterday." Thus the knowledge of Christ spreads. ThiDyihg Isdias Boy.—"I fourd him," says the missionary, "dying of coneumption, and in a state of the most awful poverty and destitution, in a small birth-rind covered hut, with nothing bnt a few fern leaves under him ana an old blanket over him. I' said, " My poor boy, I am very sorry to see you in this state; had you let me know you should not have been lying here.' He replied, ' It is very little I want now, and these poor people get it forme; but I should like something softer to lie upon, as my bones are very sore.' I then asked him concerning the state of his mind, when he replied that he was very happy; that Jesus Christ, the Lord of glory, had died to save him, and he had the most perfrct confi dence in Him. Observing a email Bible und.T the corner of his blanket, 1 said,'' Jack, you have a friend there; I am glad to see that. I hope you will find something good there.' Weak as he was, he raised himself on his elbow, held it in his attenuated hand, while a smile played on his countenance, and slowly spoke in precisely tne following words t ' This, sir, is my dear friend. Ton gave it me. For a long time I read it much, and often thought of what it told. Lastyear I went to see my sister at Lalo Winnepcg (about 200 miles off), where I re mained about two mouth. When I was half way back through the lake, I remembered tbat I had left my Bible behind me. I diroctlv turned round, and wa» nino days by myself, tossing to and fro baforo I could reach the house; but I found my friend, and determined I would not part with it again, and ever since it has been near my breast, and I thought I should have it buried with me; but 1 have thought since I had better give it to you wheu I am gone, and it may do someone else good.'" 