FIAGI3ENT' OF BftIENOE. Who does not love a starlight night? The immnortal ýhiks'pere has recorded his ad miration of '"l'rh floor of heaven, inlaid with ipatines of bright gold"; and methinks it would not be too much to say of him who could gaze unmoved on the bhlae of beauty which a summer night presents to our view, that which the bhard has said of a man ' that hath no music in his soul," to wit, that "the motions of his spirit are as dull as night, and his affections dark as Elebus." But whilst there are few for whom the starry sky has no interest, yet the impressions and emotions it excites are not tire same rn all; differing with difftrent people, andl depending largely on their circumstances, state of mind, and education. Thlre are some who rejoice to ose a starry night simply because it will licit themo home from a friend's house, or illumine a long night journey. T'lho seamrn again has a very different interest in the stars ; he lov. s them, lie knows manyof them by name, ihe steers his shin and regulates his time largely by the aid of the stars. 'I he us tronorner again regards the starry henvens as the field frsm whici ho reaps a rich harvest of knowledge. ai garden f'om which he plucksi his lhooicest flowers. here night after night lie wanders, sweeping the studded vault with hi spalce annuiilating telescope. He knows thenm al Iy .name, he can recognise their various groopings, and can cllculate thlir weights and distances. In fact, the night, paradoxieal thougl, it may seem, is his davy. To the educated man again, the stars have an interest from the fact that they are indissolubly associated with those myths and legends that ure a mental Inheritnuce to the classic scholar. "There the ship Argo sails over the trackless upper ocean in searchl of the goldenflecce of Colchis ; there 'ereeus, returr.ing from the conquest of the Gorgonrs, holds in his hand the terrible hend of Mledusa; there tile virgin Andromneda, ch.ned naked to tire rock, awails in agniry thi, lI ioanleh of tile devouring monster ; there the luxriuant yellow hair of i?.rreire hangs sus pended as a votive offering to V\enusr ; whle the dim mysty track formed by the milik thait dropped froan Jruno'rl breast, and wlhi:lh as it fell upon the earth changed the lires from pnrpley to ia snowy whitenei, extends across the heavIens like the ghost if a rainbow. Conspicious. amonug them all, the Southern Oros. sheds its soft bright radiance abiovo the horison; while far up in the he.Lvens old Orion with his blazing belt meets th. adi miring eye, suggestive of genth# themories and kind thoughts of that north where home lies far away ; anl just beyond it is seen the famillilr cluster of the Pleiadel or Seven Stars, glittering and quivering with rarlinnce in the amethystine ether like a breastplate of jewels." And not only to these, tut a1?e to every man who has a thought beyond what he sh-ill eat and drink, and wherewithall he shall be clad, the stars should possess itn es pecial interest. For in thtse times wi, n men are denying the biblical account of thu creation of the world, times when science and Itarning seem to be fast drifting away from religion, t'ýere are not wanting those who predict that we are on the eve of a great revolution in religious nmitters. Anl just as a prudent man, for seeing trouble ilhead, prepares for it ; so it is the duty of every man to get all the konwledge he can to aid him in deciding for himsrn lf these weighty quctiolns. To such a oman the stars, showing as they do tell the varionu stages, through which our earth has gone, are like a history of the past life of our planet, oauto spiak, a series of sketches of what our earth has been at various stages of its development. "And therefore it may he interesting to the readers of the "'-tandard" to hauve a few of the moet inm iort:nt facts of modern science placed bueore them from time to time; and this is what 1, in the absunuca of ,..hmt.tor..qailtied exponent, propose' vith the kind cu opera. tion of our mutual friend, the Elditor, to do. And in my next paper I will endeatvour to give a few inotiorttint facts respecting the most important to us of all the stars. viz :-the sun. 