An Unmasked Card-Sliarpcr. \- THE GTORT OS A YOCNO MAS WnQ WAS ', DEXEO_IED;OnEATXSa:-'AI;.A CLUB. ' .. j Thet woro discussing tho latest scandal. - A young, man of good conneotions had been : ignominiously expelled froin a olub. Playing in.colluBion y/ith a professional gambler, he had cheated at carda, and in a few. months had. won a considorablo eum. ' And baa ho filled himself ? ' asked somo one. ,. , ? . 'Bah 1 ' replied' another. ^ ' Do men kill themselves for so little nowadays? Itwaa dif rent in tho good old times.*' i ' In tho good old times, as yon oall thom,' said old General Roy, thoso who adopted tho card- sharper's profession killed themselves no'mora than.do thosa of the present time. A few exooptions there may havo been among, thoso who vrcre dotected at tha outset. But if the first-attempt Buocecdcd, thoy did as they rdo to-day, thoy. quickly acaust'om . themselves, to. their degradation. \ Ah, - it iB so,g»*5^ When respeot for his own good .Tuyjwf''} not 1 restrain a fian at thoifirst stjjprft is entirely dead within him, &nd; scaQQUl will not revive it,- ' By tho .y^yt l ean tell you of a curious casgjir-point,. wherev tho hero blow out his J-rains, 'but it was not ^suicide, No, stMflge as it' may soundi it was not a cnioide.: Listen : was some fifty years ogo. The press of that time was not the terrible gossip that it is to-day, and eensatianal nows never paBsed certain bounds. - There wera not fewer Boaa ddls, but the soandals- wero lesa Imown; In fact, I thinkjhero wa3 rather more.. Not that we Y^ero-more virtuouB, but the fear ot pub licity is certainly 8 great chook. . - ?; : ,. : ' Among the olegant. young fellows,. Iho gilded youth of those days, who furnished tho greater part of tho eoand&ldus; gossip by their ecoentricitics and duols, was a young gentle man attached to 'the king's household.- I shall oall him tho vicomto Roland... The. nama was on. illustrious ono ; in faot, the vicomto was the fruit of -one of those mixed' marriages introduced by Napoleon I. ? Gene ral Comta Roland,- whoso hetvy cavalry chargns aro matterS of history, had : married : the daughter of tha Marquis do Bransac, b tncmbsr of ono ot , tha weaUhiesti.nnd most powerful; families';^ France. %Hls' son vWfts ihenabonttwentrf six yaatsofafcty. ..HQ^U&j; not thaxbhue^plfjtjjAQ'haauty: ot||jmj^^H who had bcan on^MyLlC in herBon, .'.'.The extravagant lifo led by the: son bad caused a quarro! between tho parents. , Tbo. countess lived . in tho /bransao HOtel^ one of tho finest in the/Faubourg Saint-Germain, ' whilo the general, Becluding himself in a little chateau in tho forest of Sinart, passed hia timo in the pleasures of the chase. Thoy - say ha; had- ill-treated hia wifo, but it waa . utterly. untrue.' Tha fact is that thero had been ? betwoen the general and his wife two terrible scones. ?? *? , ' Tho first was caused by an idea which /took possession of. the. counters.. She . found ? this namo ' Roland ' too plebeian for herson, and : tormented ; her . husband to .'obtain thb 'king's ;' authority ..^to'-ndd' to it that of De Bransao. The gonoral energetically refused. : ''My namo :has Bu Diced foi' me.' sRid he,/ : '?* for -mo who: have mada it famous. ; . It will , do for this fine' gentlemen, my son; If ho does not hnd it luilliant enough, let him try to add-to its lustre.' '' .. ?? , . ... '' The. second scene WR3 brought about ,by.' ' thb vicomta abduoting'a ballet dRncpr, and by ? a duel and a debt which wore the consequences » -of. this' littlo affair.-. Tho general brouglit tho, son baforo hie mother :'and 'roughly /reproved' him for hia folly. - Instead of- supporting her ?.hnSband;:the conhtoas mado: exouses for her; son. .Women: alv/aya -aro indulgent toward thbmanin a -love 'scrape. , -/ ' As. the general told his con that: hia; for-'1 trine was -not sufficient to 'maintain ; such'. ; scandalous : absurdities, - thb' countess .!un happily: interjected : ' Oh, tha fortune of -tho Do Bransaoa will ,. amply Euflice for hini. ? ~ -? 1 . ' She had not calculated tha effect of her speech... An hour .later the general left'.the ' hotel and went to his chateau at the end of a week the family nbtary informed-, tho countess that her entire personal fortune was;: at her disposal.- Tho soparationwa3 complete,.' and tho genoral lived1 alons on the fifteen ; thousand'francB which constituted theravahua -, he received' from his own fortjmo. ?, - 'Tho son mada dacks'and drakos of her fortune. At.th'o end of 'sii'months thb cbuh-.' toss was half ruined;. and tha energy of the notary alone saved her from her son's -extra- : vagances. - \- ' AU at onco it became known that the vicomta Roland no longer belonged ;tq the king's household, and that he had handed in his resignation as lieutenant in a cavalry 're- giment. That is what; was givon out,- /but rumours of a different character were afloat. Tha countesa no longer appeared in publio, but confined -herself to her hotel. In a few weeks she Beemed ten years older.' r ' / ' Tha . vicomto, after a : voyage of Borno weeks in Italy, returned to- Paris, took apart ments in the Rue do la Chaussds d'Antin, and lived the life of an idler on the pension of , a thousand franc3 a month allowed him by \- his mother. It would ba little to-day ; but at that timo it enabled a man to make r. figure in.tho fashionable world: . Ho passed his time . . between lovo adventures, the theatres; and'tho green table. Then little by little his elegance and his eccentrioities/ began to ba talked about. Clubs wero not 'as'plentiful as they aro now, but :tho' gilded youth and the gamestors had a few of them where loverB of tho green cloth oould amuse themselves. / ' Ono evening .when the ?' Vicomta Roland, after having .'won a considerable sum from one of his friends, offered him his revenge, his opponent rose, and pushing' away the , cards, looked at him in a singular manner, / '! ' Well, no, Roland,' said ho ; ' what ^Mi your luck with women and your luokySlh eards. you havo too muoh luck for ono man.1. . 'Roland, though1 somawhat oholerio,' do maudod no explanation, and - contented him self with laughing. - 'Somo days after, tho- Prbfcot of Polioa announced _himself . to tho general at —hiB .chateau, ' What passed between 'them I do not know. All tbat is known/ot tha affau is that -they returned together ^o Paris. . . ; ' At eloven o'clock' of tho evening following that- interview, the viqomte' was seated at a table playing 6cart-5.; :Hbi'h'ad just/won ten - suocassives games from ail Englishman, who,' passing through Paris oil his way home, had been introduced at tho. club hy oho of - tha members. Roland had a oonsidorablo sum' befora him. . Tho loser-had just risen, and boforo. leaving thp' tablo hud bowed thrice, when an elderly: gentleman approaohed tha' .table. . /: .. .. .; ? ' ' Will the .Vicomto Roland permit mb to tnko tho gentleman's revenge?' 'The young man paled. Itwashis falhar. ? Ab you aro a bold, player, I offer youa bold game. It will be useless fcr you to say that it is too high. Read.' And- tha general* handed him a note folded twice. - ? '-?Tha vioomto glanced over it, and shud dered visibly.- - . ''Do you accept?' . ?' TTo I--...- ,,,1 . rnu- „nnAM„i ? i. i ? ,i ppposito-his Bon, cut a king, and dealt tho - cards. . Ha won the first hand. When it was the vicomto's deal ho trembled slightly, and a strange light shone in his eyes ; . nevertheless, ho playad on. The general won again. ' Tho vioomto rose, palo as a ghost,- and in a smothered voice said :? - ''In an hour, sir, I shall have 'acquitted myself,' .. 'Ho left tha; room without another word, . On tha following morning tho gnardians of the Bois do Boulogne brought in tho body of tho Vicomta Roland. His head was blown to pieces, his hand still grasping- tho pistol. In a portfolio was found an unsigned ecrap of papsr, on whioh wero tha words ; Tha later will blow out his brains. . ' Tho pretended Englishman was an accom plished oard-sharpor,. sent : by tho Prbfcot ot Polico. :Tho threo bows had been tho sign agreed upon between him nnd tho general to indicato that the vicomta had cheated. , , ' Tho gamo was ; ono for , lifo and/death between: father: and son; .Both' woro dis honored— the son by his own act, the father Boorot; which' threatened to br.coni^^ opon , shame. Death could Btifio it^-'4frtl oon'fl death ' or the father's, for tha^^old Boldior.would ' himBclf-havo his soh had that son ' hot kept their-f^et- Tha prlca of tha general's seoreoy^sTaiB son's lifo.'— Translated from :- tlifJpJtnch of Edouard Sicbtcker. 