London Letter. Kensington Gore, London, SAY. MR DEAR VICTORIA,—We are situated a little like Mahomet and tile mountain just now. Spring won't come to us, so we must go to spring, and tbe most we can do in this respect is to provide ourselves with spring clothes, put- them on, shut our eyes, make believe a great deal, and, perhaps, like the little Marchioness, we may And the weather quite nice. Personally, I don't like it. Afternoon tea I always consider one of the most cheer ful functions, and if one can only combine that luxury with spring bonnets, thou let us be thankful. Madame Isabel, the Girton-girl, who wisely aud woman-like, prefers millinery to mathematics, gave another of her cosy tea parties at her beautifullv- cheerful yellow-room in Bond-street last Saturday. There was a roaring fire, nice tea, a Turkey carpet, no draughts, and pleasant people, so you may guess that with such a happy combination it was no wonder we enjoyed ourselves. Hut there was something more—there wore bonnets, hats, flowers aud a new invention by Lady Eden, called Pearline. These naturally formed tile topic of some delightful conversation, which, fortunately, was not marred in any way by any piano-playing or soug singing that might freeze any dcliciously original remark that you wore just on the point of making. Itwasaclear case of time for everytliing, and everything in its time; and that was a time for a bonnet reverie and a tea obligate. One by one the latest creations in head-gear wore revealed to our delighted view. Creation is nearly the right word to use, because they were made of next to nothing, but it would not sound nice to say the latest next to nothing in head-gear. Out of all the numbers of beautiful bonnets sho wu, to my mind none were half so pretty as those made like a very fine spider's web of Whitby jet. You can scarcely call them bonnets, head ornament would bo a much more correct term, and much prettier than head covering, which is quite an obsolete term. Sydney says it is only men, poor dears, who have little or no liair that want bead covering. We want something toshowour hair,which is certainly ornamental as well as useful, unless it's tow colour, in which case I think dyeing quite allowable. Another bonnet was of a web woven of light pure-toned pale gold. The brim was of the softest cloud-grey velvet, and a grey group of grey marabout feathers looked softer aud yellower than a newly-fledged duckling. Intermingled with it were loops of yellow velvet ribbon, with strings of the same. " Pearline," Lady Eden's invention, is most lovely, aud closely resembles mother-of-pearl. It makes a cliarming back-ground for painted flowers, and for inlaying purposes is quite equal to mother-of-pearl, and yet it is cosily fashioned into designs and apjilied. If the old provorb is to be believed, that troubles never come alone, 1. know of no more striking instance of this proverb than the trouble that lias lately befallen the family of Mr. Edward St. Aubyu, whose two daughters, you will recollect, died from the effect of the burns. Now the third blow has fallen, for the mother of these two ill-fated girls lias just succumbed to the shock she received by the death of her two daughters. Although well known on the turf, she was, my Uncle says, not regarded with mixed admiration by the ordinary run of turlitos. However, to return to the bonnet show, I could not possibly tell about them all; therefore I won't tell you any more except that all were new, original and particularly good stylo. The flowers are second only to nature, and that onJ y in smell and that inexplicable something which men call "life." Flowers, Madame Isabel says, are to IJO very greatly worn this season. Lord Dupplin, who a few years ago it was erroneously rumoured was to marry the eldest daughter of Sir W. J. Clarke, died quite suddenly last week. He was a man of great acuteness. We paid a visit yesterday to the Indian aud Colonial Exhibition, and we were not rewarded for our trouble in any way, for allvere much too busy to pay attention and answer the thousand and one questions visitors of an inquiring turn of mind were certain to ask, but we heard a, 6toim of hammers tic-tacking away as merrily as the Cooper's chorus in " Boccaccio," aud no matter where we turned our steps we were sure to find our progress barred by a locked door. The colonies are very hard at work, aud it is to be hoped their Itoman arch at the entrance may prove a triumphal one. Cases, cases everywhere, and the cry is still they come. From Victoria there is, I believe, a collection of manufactures, the W.ult of protection, which will, it is said, be rather startling to freetraders. The fern-tree gully, however will be the sensation. It is to overlook the basin where the seals were in at the Heal tileries. Here, near a bark uut, with a roof to match, will be found ferns growing as if in your beloved Sassafras Gully, tenanted by the lyrebird and parvakeets, like living rubies, emeralds and sapphires, while in aud about the gully will be emus, kangaroos, wallabies and 'possums. We are also to have a nuauiia, with blackfellows, lubras and piccaninnies; then we are to have models of the houses in the old digging-days at Ovens, Ballarat and Heudigo, and those at present in the luxurious cities of young Australia. Robert Browning, the poet, whose cheery chat aiid faultless attire make liim everywhere conspicuous, is about to re-enter the matrimonial bonds, his bride-elect being a wealthy American lady, who has been a most esteemed friend of the poet for some years. We are to have one of the grandest bazaars ever held in London next June. It will beheld in Willis' Rooms aud is in aid of the funds of the St: John's Ambulance Association. The Princess Henry of Battenberg is to open it, and the patronesses include nearly all tile titled ladies of great Briton. Lady Florence Dixie is to tlie fore again, this time as a letter writer, and those who thought her ladyship had retued from public life after her old adventure with tbe famous Windsor Fenians cannot do better than read her very able letter in a paper called the TaU-et, entitled •!' Why you ought to be a Home lluler." It is an exceedingly clever hit at Lord Randolph Churchill's Ulster .speech. Able as this letter undoubtedly is, my uncle sa ys the Irish nation is like the poor, inasmuch as wo have them always with us, but it is to be remarked that in all ranks of society there is a deep growing impatience at the inordinate proportion of time and attention which this race demands. This feeling appears strong amongst the working classes, who receive with enthusiasm any employer of labour who advertises "No Irish need apply." The middle and upper classes look at the matter from a different point of view. The population of Ireland is they say, less than one-seventh "of that of the United' Kingdom; her electors number only about three-quarters of a million as against nearly five millions for the rest of country, and the people who are really interested in Mr Parnell's agitation do not number more than one-third of even that insignificant proportion. The whole country is, therefore, under the tyranny not merely of a minority, but of a minority of a minority, and though we may be disposed to deal very tenderly with people who have grievances the rights of majorities are at least as important as those of minorities. Adeline and I drove round to Itedfern's the other day, and were lucky enough to see a few things just ready to be sent off to the Crown Princess of Germany. Mr. Bedfern had been summoned to the Court of St. Petersburg to build some gowns for the Russian Empress and her ladies. He had called on his way home to the Court of Berlin, and looked at the German Crown Princess with a view to making her lovely in tweed or serge. Fancy visiting foreign Courts so far away, without more ado than niakingacall in Grosvenor Square arid stopping in Grosvenor-street on your way home. Imagine seeing comparatively the private life of such august personages. The autobiography of a Eedfern or a Worth would be an interesting volume I think. The dresses for the Crown Princess were as simple and as quiet as possible. One was of natural coloured vicuna cloth over a skirt of deep cardinal silk, the pleating only showing, under graceful long draperies of the cloth. The bodice was made to fasten sideways from the right shoulder. There was a small revers, an upright collar aud quaint little cuffs of cardinal silk. Another dress was of black, white, aud brown tweed in a very small check. This was made entirely without trimming, but perfectly as to style. A third gown was of cream-coloured serge. The skirt wa6 trimmed with graduated stripes of braiding, the braid very narrow and of three colours, gold, silver and steel. Except for this entirely new trimming the skirt was plain, with a short draped tunic of plain cream serge. The bodice was made with a vest of the braiding. A short coat was of blue pilot-cloth. It fitted .tightly at the back and had a loose front faced with cardinal silk. A very long coat was of light grey vicuna cloth. It was perfectly tightly fitting and plain. There was a cape belonging to it which could be worn or not according to the weather. This was lined -with silk, the same shade as the cloth, and was made with iiieces turned , through which the wearer's arms would be thrust, jese were all dainty drosses, yet quiet and remarkable only for style. By-1 he-way, look out for something verv becoming in the way of liojds. Mr. Redfern has brought home a hood from Russia, which he means to adapt and his adaptations are more successful than those of dramatic authors generally are.—Youre ever, HORTENSE DE VASACOUR. WONDER where Splaehpen gets the bis words he uses so plentifully in his writings ?" " Out of the dictionary, of courso." " That accounts for it. He used three words 111 ten lmes the other day, of -which I did not know the meaning. I went to the dictionary, but they weren't babIy as you 6 them'" U S8est, fiplashpen had taken A COUNTRYMAN in a restaurant ordered roast Iamb, and the waiter bawled out to the cook, "One a • t mi8ter , ! " cried the countryman, , S » » liull Iamb; gimme some fried oysters instead. ' One fried," bawled the waiter. "Well l^thuse abs ghost! Mister, one fried oyster hain't ^eaUn'VlS"' ° lmme a d ° ZeU ° f ' em " Durn tbe8e 