LOCAL AM ) GENERAL. pAKMAMBNTABY.—The Counoil met yesterday a'ternoon, and immediately adjourned until this day week. In the Assembly tbe debate on Mr Braddon’s motion was resumed, and it was not until about half-past 3 this morning that a dirision was taken. The principal speeches were those of M r R obey and M r Fitzgerald, and the Attorney- General, and tbe reply of M r Braddon M r Dodd's speech was devoted not to a defence of tbe department or to a justification of Ministers' actions, but to one of those wearisome attacks on M r Bird, which he persists in inflicting upon the House on every available opportunity. The debate has shown that those pro- ; fessed “ Independent” membera, such as Messrs Cri6p, F cji on, Gray, Lewis, and several others, who were pver’astingly at the elections endeavoring to prove ho* free they were from all parly ties, h^ve developed into rabid Ministerialists. The Assembly will meet at the usual hour this afternoon. D epetation.—A deputation, consisting of Messrs Oates and Sykes, appointed by the residents of tho Upper M ountain River district, Huon, waited upon the M inuter of Lands in regard to a road, which was in a state of nature, leading into tl'rir district, and wanting to know if farther aid would bo given» hi *rder that it might bo put into such a state of repair that they w^uld be able to get their produce to market. M essrs John Tktchorn aod B. J Lucas introduced the deputation, and pointed out th at the road was unfit to travel on, end th a t only the other day ap accident occurred upon it M r Lucas also explained th a t there was some doubt as to tbe vote passed last vear, ard which he was tho m eins of obtaining, and he thought that the road for whicli it was wanted had been vvrougly described, and nothing had been dope, M r Oates said that 2800 acres had been taken up in this district, and they had no proper road to bring their produce to market until they reached the Huon ro&d.; It was in a scandalous state, and the farmers could not get ont their produce at all. To attempt to get some assistance, the farmers resident in £his pirticular district sent in a peti lien rJftit eresioD, and £2QJ passed, but through a wrong dcsuriplio estimate the Government officials in the district were of the opinion th at it was for another road altogether. M r N. J . Browp said the money was available still. M r Bykes pointed ont that in the Ministerial statement £}7QQ free p ut down as being available coder the W aste Lands Act for the Huon district, snd th at £400 was set apart for the U pper Bjver Mountain part. H e desired some jnforr mation on that as they could not under stand it. The M inister taid that he would confer with M r Lucas and M r W atchorn, and if there had been any mistake he would rectify it, and would p t any leader until enquiry made. H e also pointed out th at the sum of £1700, available under the Waste Lands Act, must be divided through the irholg district, and in conclusion indicated th at po more could he done for this district during tbe present yrar. T hbatbb.—Hie Roya) was well filled again last night in all parts, when M r George Rignold and his company repeated for the last time this season, " In the Ranks." The commandant of the local feyces, pndmogt of the officers present. The piece, as on the previous occasions, went exceedingly well, and at the conclusion of each act the leading members were called bc'orc tbe curtain snd loudly applauded. During their stay in Hobart M r Rignold and his company bftvp made many tripods. To-night ibey open at Launceston for s short season, and leave Hobart for Melbourne oa Tuesday next by the s s. Hanroto. T orpedo Rnqinbb* Oobfb,—Thii branch of tbe defence force has now been supplied w ith tbe new valise equipments, which wore issued gt tbe parades neldon Tuesday and yesterday ’eyeniugi. Tbp i have commenced the annual otrarie | ot target practice enjoined by the defence regulations, and although neh I r ^ m L r / T T a a i t np“ r it ia .omewhat limited them , m il be littlo difficulty in the whole of 1 he men getting through if the seal they have already evinced is continued. No less than 22 of the men p ot in an appear* ance on Saturday last a t Bandy Bsy. and the praotioe will be continued on Wednesday, 6ib October, at M acquarie Point. A t the parade la^t night (Tuursdsy) an nteresting lecture on musketry was delivered by tbe staff-adjutant, Captain W&ilack;, and was listened to with great attention by the men. . Cbuhnal Sessions.— The following cases will be taken at the criminal sessions of the Supreme Court on Tuesday George Davis, perju ry ; William Simpson, forgery and uttering; William Jam es Ashton, larceny as a bailee ; and P eter McNamara, u tte rin g a counterfeit coin. The charge against W ilbam Oakes for alleged wife murder will be taken at the same sittings of the court A.J.O. String Me e t in g —T he Spring Meeting of the A.J.C. was continued yesterday, a t R&ndwick.; Falcon won the Spring Hand cap, Upper Cut being second, and Emerald third. Kathleen, Ellington, and Fernandez filled the situations in the order given for the Grand Stand Plate. Trident continued his victorious career by putting the Craven Plate to his owner's credit, stable companion Acme being second, and Eingfish third, M ackay being the only ; other gtarter. The V.E.C. Derby seems at tiie mercy of the son of Robinson CruBre—Coooanut, who so fa t. h&fl; fo b ! lowed in the steps of his brother Navigator, who won the two_ Derbies in 1882\. His handicap weight in the Melbourne Cup is 7st 7Jb. The Two-yearold Plate was won by Coralie, followed homo by L» YslIeriP and Fidelity. The blue apd white banner was again to the fore in the SepondFori Stakes, tns Kirkham stable furnishing first and sepond in Volcano and Tamariek, Blairgowrie being third, My Lord wag the only other starter. Industry got home by a head from The Jew el for the Sydney H andicap, Corday being third. To-morrow is tbp l&t-t; day of the meeting. 'CffAptfgRa' L iteracy Association.— T he iriuaf meeVing of thijs society woe held in the Chalmers Hall, last evening, M r J . Longpjore ia the chair- The subject under debate wap "PaymPBt of Members." The question was opened in the affirmative by M r 8. Paten in a very able manner. He showed the evils of the present system of representation, and submitted th a t payment of members is the only remedy. M r H . Clarke took the negative and brought forward many arguments in fsvpr of his side. I he question was well discussed by the fob lowing members j — Messrs Richards, Munro, MoMeekan, Rae and Gillie. E ntertainment.—The Blue Ribbon Refreshment Rooms, Murray street, notwithstanding the Imany counter-attractions, were well filled last evening, the occasion bping an exhibition of dissolving views aijd singing. Tbp spenes, ffbiph comprised places and buildings of special interest in hngland and the continent, were well brought out by tho lantern, which was shown and conducted by M r Chas. Abbott, and were much applauded; the comic ones as usual causing much amusempnt to the younger portion of the audience, who by the pray wp may mpntion, behaved themselves very ciediUbly. During the evening Miss Dalton rendered very sweetly “ Thy voice," and Mr A. T. McKellar sang, “ Tbe Old Brigade " gad the “ Sailor Boys’* in good style, Miss M. Hanson gefing sb accompanyist very efficiently. Altoge her a Tpry pleasant evening was spent, and con: oluded with a vote of thanks to those who had so kindly rendered their &i;>6u- tance. Concert.—A very successful concert was given in St. Peter's Hall last evening by lady and gentlemen amateurs, of Mrs Ackland, a widow who has two children to support. There was a large attendance, notwithstanding the many at- tractions elsewhere and wet weather. The first p art of the programme opened with a pianoforte selection by Mr W. O'Brien, and this was followed by Mr Thomas Ryan singing the ballad, "The Old-fashioned couple," in very good style. The ballad song "Surely" by Miss Alice Bingham, “Bonny lass ” by Mr James Shir ey, and Golden shores by Miss Orpwood, were all well rendered, tue latter young lady havjng to submit to an eucore. M r J , P. O'Brien sang very well " Let me like a soldier fall;" and the patriotic song " flearts of Oak " by M r James Freeman, was well received. The best item on tbe programme was the duet, "What are the wild waves saying," sang by the Misses F. and A. Bingham, for which they were loudly applauded. The second part of the concert opened with a selection on the piano by Miss H . Shields» aa4 this was fol< lowpd by M r T. Ryan singing " Balaclava ” iq a very creditable manner. The character song, ** Thp only One," b« M r T. Freeman, caused great amusement The ballad "Killarney," by request, was sweetly sang by Miss Alice Bingham, and she had to respond to an encore; and Miss Orpwood was ap* lauded for her song " Forget Thee." £Ir George W att sang ‘“I dreamt my little boy of thee " in very good style ; and the song "Golden love*” was also nicely sang by Miss Fanny Bingham The concert then closed by singing God Save the Queen. M r H enry Shirley thanked the audience for their presence, and also those who had taken part in tbe concert, and said that tbe benefit was a very deserving onp. Miss H. Shields played most of tbe accompaniments in her usual style. D eu tsc h es C lub C oncordia.—T h{« club held their first ball in the Hobart H all, Harrington street, last night, when there was a good attendance. Dancing was commenced shortly sfter 8 o’clock and kept np until a late hour. H ouart G ym na siu m .—There was a good attendance to witness the entertainment given by the Hobart Amateur Gymnasium in tbe Exhibition Bnilding last night. The performance was a treat to all lovers of athletes, and the club certainly poisess some good examples. Tbe programme opened with maze running, in which the various evolutions were executed, and the time ex cellent. 11)0 Hutching’ school boys then wept through the free exercises, and in a style that reflected great credit upon tfleir instructor. Professor Price and big renior papjlB were goofi on the parallel bars, eliciting loud applausp M esirgJ. Bird and H.M . Hutchinson then essayed about with the gloves, which was' of short duration, Ground exercises fol- lowed in capital style, then the German horse, on which rome clover tricks were done. The rapier salute, by Professor Price and M r Burn, and infantry sword exercise (by special class) were warmly received. Professor Price was very good with-the Indian clubs. Calesthenic wand exercises opened the second part of the programme. Horieontal bar and singlestick practices having been disposed of, a singlestick combat between Messrs Swan and Lovett, and quartorstaff practice by Messrs Bird and Neilson followed. The encounter, sword v, bayonet, was a capital display of skill, and won by Professor Price, hit opponent, M r Bird, making it warm for him, however. The -pring-board vaulting brought forth loud applause ati^e plever feats of thevarious perforin,era. Cockfighting by t£ie H u t­ chins’ school hoys proved a vpry amusing finale to fhe prograqune. _ The performance all through testified to the excellence of M r Price aji a teacher. The members entertained M r Prion after tbe performance at Innlss’ Coffee Tavern, Mr A. Lovett in tbe chair. . After the inner man had been reEreshwL tbe chair- proposed In complimentary term the bi lealth of their instructor, Profesic Price. for thewompUtnontgoaid him, intim ated 1 th a t ho 'thonrtt heihontd sever h ii con-1 S o n i u f e ^ l u b j t t h e « d « * * • crested with loud criei of “ No, n o / ) H e hoped, however, to m e e t them a ll iraio . “Daring Hie evening som;l »nd recitations were tendered bjr member* of the club. . - S. P hbenolooical Society.— At tne w eelly meeting of tho nbovo Society Ibb. evening, a very excellent paper on " Spirituality " was read by M r J . Bbendan; ''O n tlife present occasion lie desired to lrent of tbe religions nnpect of th e enbject. As we look around upon the fanes of those m love, we wonder if we will meet again in n horoafter. o r whether we will aee those faces no m o re. W hen we apply to that great test en d Btanoerd —the universe—we find th a t man in a atate of nature, brought face to faoe w ith creation, does not deny the existence of a Supreme Being, because living in the real and true, brought faco to faoe with truth, there ia no veil or obstruction to hie perceptione. If wo w ish to a rrive a t a more probable and natural conclusion^aa to the future state, we m ust eiam ineoll the lawe of God, notroerely those professing to be revelation. We m ust examine the law s of nature, which a re also the law s of God, ana indeed are more reliahle, because no man can add to or anbtraot from them . "When we find a natural law opposed to a -called revested law, we m ay depend „pon it the natural law is th e tree one. There is harmony in the whole creatiou, one part corresponding w ith the other, and forming one whole. One p art cannot eontraglict another in natnpe. There are many who, in following the revealed law as they interpret i t s preoepts, violate th e natural laws, and though they may be perfect religionists, yet in th e m atter of nature’s precepts are very g re a t sinners, A hearty vole of thanks hav in g been ocgnrdfld M r Sfifpd&n;^ for his^JntereBtuig paper, them eeting closed «t-=10p. IiRcrpBB,—A numerous audience sembled in the Memorial H a ll last evening. to hear Mr W . Bugby deliver his lecture on " Light aod Color. The Bev. V. G. Sharp occu ied th e chair, and introduced the lecturer. M r Bugby, in d. aling with his subject, dw elt largely upon tbe sourcpR of Ijght a n 4 it-s component parts, illustrating his meaning by numerous colored diagrams, candle, lamp, and magnesium lig h ts. A t a later period, thp leptqrer drew attention to the phenomena o f refraction, giving optioal illustrations o f tbe spectrum , prismatic colors, and reflection of solids, and explained the m ystery of the ghost illusion. Some ingenious m e­ chanism, to enable tbe audience to understand tbe wondej-ful effect of color, light, apd motion were exhibited, the lecturer concluding by briefly mentioning tbe influence of lights from a natural, moral, and sp iritual point of view. M r Bugby was assisted in his experiments by Mr N at. Oldham. Benevolent S ociety. — The u sual weekly m ediae w as held yesterday in the society's offices There were present M r John Mitchell (in the chair), and M r T. B. Mather T he R egistrar reported that doling the week 45 cases, including 77 individuals, h a d been investigated and relieved, 26 with full, and 19 with half rations. The returns from Hew Town Invalid Depot showed th at 11 males and 2 females had been discharged. Twelve m en bad been employed in the y trd at 4d per hour. £5 from " A F riend" was received with thanks, and £2 fr m an old lady who had been assisted by the society, h ut who fiad hafl some monpy leff hpr. W ith reference to the telephone, a letter from the Chief Secretary vrasread stating theG overnm ent could not incur the expanse just now ; ifie maflef wss left in the hands of the acting-chairman. An extra ration for tho 6ick in the shape of cocoa, rice, oatmeal, and cornflour was ordered to be issued. Eight Government cases w ere renewed and- Qne pflnceilpd. The boayd thpn rfise. S.T.A. ANp P astoral S ociety.—T he hon. secretary requests us to draw a tte n ­ tion to this associiticn’s annual show, which is to be held a t th e Society’s Grounds, New Town, on O ctober 20th and 2l«t, An advprtiBe|B®nt **ill found in another column referring to certain alterations, aod giving all mfornretion. We only hope fine weather will greet the efforts of the committee of thiB important and valuable society. T asmanian G o t e b n h b n t R ailw ays — I t is notified by advertisement elsewhere that on and after Saturday, 2od Ootober, return tiohets a t single fares will be issued to passengers by first train from all stations to Launceston, on S a tu r­ day mornings, available fo r return by any train on fam e day. Passengers are I t is quite evident the general manager (M r Fred Back) intends to leave no stooe unturned to make th e lines under big care a source of profit and pleasure. L otal Oeanoe Lodge.—T he members of this inbtitution are requested by adveyti'cmoGl to meet for worship in the Ebenezer Church, M urray Btroet, on Sunday eveaing next, at 7 o’clock, when the Rev. J. Casley, chaplain of the lodge, will deliver a special address, Members of the order are to appear in regalia H obabt Cjpf e b P aDace.—An ex traordinary meeting of shareholders of the above company is to b e held in the Freemason’s H all, Murray street, on the evening of September 30, the object being of confirming certain resolutions passed at a previous m eeting re the w nding up of tb e company. E ntebtainmentat N e w T own.—On Tuesday evening next a musical and dramatio entertainment w ill take .place in tho Templars* Hell, N ew Town, in aid pf thp organ fund of 8t. J o h n ’s Church. Sp, J ohn B ^itist’s C lub — This musical association will giye qpe of their miscellaneous entertainm ents pn the evening of Tuesday, Septem ber 28th. 8ev amateurs have proffered th e ir assistance. ‘Hie concert w ill be held in tit. Jo h n s Schoolroom, Goulburn street, and( commences at 8 )'.m. The admission is the current popular price 6d. T.M.L. RAiLWAV.-The time table to be found in our advertising columns trains leaving Hobart fo r the Costume Football M atch which takes place tomorrow at tbe Cornelian B ay Recreation Ground. F hrenolooy.—This is the title of a lecture to be delivered this evening, under the auspicei of the Wesleyan Literary Association, by M r Willoughby Connor. The lecture w ill be varied by illusfratiyc diagrams apd musical jselecr tiona, an4 ri to be held in the Mo)villo street Wpri*yau Sunday Sofionl. T ehpbbanpe iuiANpB.—A fare wall meeting will be field in. th e above poorp* lhU evening a t 8 o'clock. Several attractions are promised those w ho attend. orernment pablje work* to fee *•»» dared for ire notified ejwwliere. Suren are wanted for ICO tons of prime Ufele endued potatoes, m well other ionoaertblB vegetable prednot* by J. E.-Orerell, of KUubetb Parti culm ef tenders for clearing 20 acne of lend near Pori C/gnot an to be found in c-- edrertietng columns. T. H, Pollsrd, grocer, Liverpool etreet, baa advertisement in tills iune that eonmAndi tbe attention of heada of fimtUee both oocntrj. Tenders are required by Ibe bon. sac retail for both catering end quadrille band for tbe m.U. Hall to take place shortly, vide advertisement. Tenders u t required nntU the October for fioad,b? Henry Hooter, architect. The rerttftte kingdom pro video remedies *« nlldlMeaea. LtiUj'eLiver end Bleed Mixture is obtained from t Tnerntnion Jtidteenoni ehn»k and ta Wondarfolln tta cSrlfite properiSoe. tmaerera from fever*, 'durriusB*. dj*3nter7, theamejdem, ffoat, diphtbem, fnflnenu, eettuno, eourhs, oolde, ^odfiverpflM)ii>QS,ebOtild (rive itetrieiL beet owire of theouitH oent perfer gD eU j'a Liver end Blood Mixture, protablf ha wetrid hereedviied Ida reeden to fortfi/ themeelvee by Uytaff u ‘ 