A Quostion of Proprietorship. . Wentworth. ' Tom this is— a— ah— gen- iiemnn who claiina to be the original possessor if this skeloton.' ' Ah— dispute os to ownership, eh ?' ' That tendency,' answered Wentworth. ' He ib, in fact, a— woll, a ghost.' 'A what?' ' Tbe gentleman has been dead for some time,' putin Smilie, the task of explaining having seemingly got beyond WcntWQrth. ' And while alive thio waa hia skeleton.' ' Ob, come now, Smilie', what aro you giv ing 113,' ' Fact,' said Srailio, ' just tossed this ruler through him. Try it.' Fulmer hesitated. ' It will perhap8 convince you quicker than anything else, and don't inconvenience me in tho least,'- said tho apparition. Fulmer tossed tho rulor, with tho samo;reBUlt as before. He waa vary short-sighted and he adjusted his eyeglasses and peerod across the table at the ghost, who Btood impassively ob he had done from the firBt. \ ' I say, WentworUi, juaS strike a light will you.', v . * Wentworth lit the largo lamp that stood oil top of the bureau. The ghost appeared an ordinary-looking man, dressed as any man miylit bj. Fulmer, with corrugated brow, gazed at him while Smilie and Wentworth felt a sort of momentary prido of ownership, as if their possession of tho skeleton gave them a kind'of proprietorship in the speotre. Tbo amiable okeloton, whioh now shone whito in tho bright light, ,oeomed to beam in a benevolent way on its former owner. ' Sit down,' Baid Ful/ner, ' I hate to talk to a — person— standing.' Tho speotro sat down. ' Now, what uso is this skeleton to you? ' began tho young lawyer, hia professional in stinct getting tho bettor of hie amazement. ' That, if you will pardon mo, ia no ono'a business but my own. I may say I want it placed where I will know where to find it— or -I may say tbat I don't choose to havo it ro main hero, tha subject of scoffing aud con tumely. ' Oh,.you're wrong there,' said Wentworth. ' Wo both havo tho greatest respoot for John W. He ia a guide, philosopher, and friend as well aa instructor.'- x Jnst let mo handlo thio case,' said Ful mer with a bnokward wavo of his hand. 'Now, what shall I oall you ? ' ' What you please,' 'Woll; wo will say tho plaintiff. Now, plaintiff, in the first place you. would have to prove to tbe satisfaction of a jury that this is yoar skeleton. Wo deny hat it is yourj.'| ' 01 oourse wo,.do,' put' in Smilie. Wo bought tho body and John wired it.' ' I don't mean that. Tho dofenoo takes the ground that this particular skeleton is not tbo bones of tho plaintiff, but the bones of John W. Stodgers, deceaeed, . Now it would rest with yoa to prove that this waa yourNskcloton, and os peoplo are not ip the habit of having a private mark on their skeletons, I flatter myself we would havo yoa right at tho beginning of tho csbo.' ' Yon are a very young lawyer,' roplied tho ghost with a sort of a post mortom sneer. ' If you examino the teeth of that skeleton you will find tho ono on tho left lower sido next the baok filled with Bilver, and, if necos. sary, I can tell your intelligent jury the sort of cap that is under the silver to cover the nerve that onco waa there.' All tho youiig men looked at J. W., who, as if enjoying tho point mado by its other Belt,' suddenly clicked down its jaw ahd beamed on Fulmer with its silent laugh. Wentworth took up tho lamp and looked at the lower jaw. ' Yes, Fulmer,' he said, ' that's so.' '.Well, wo'll waive that point — we'll waive that point,' said tho young lawyer, with ill offeoted airiness. ' I think you might as well,' said the ghost dryly. ' But the real nnb ot tha oaso would bo in this ; Can a man onco dead lay claim to any part of tho property he owned whilo alive? I don't recollect any parallel case to yours ex aotly, but I have some knowledge of tho statutes of Michigan,' this modestly, and I think all tho tendencies of law would be against you. When a mon is dead thero is no quostion but that hia next of kin havo the right to cremate, to embalm or to bury his body. They might sell it, I imagine, although that is rarely dono in first-class sooiety. Now the point I would mako before a jury would be ? ' ' I have no wish to disouss law with yoa. I have demanded tho skeleton and I propose to have it whether yoa are willing or not.' ' Just write that down, boys,' said Fulmer. ' He hints at burglary.' .A'JSse here,' said Wentworth, 'yon are not tho man wo dissected. I believe you're a fraud.' ' Do you ?'- returned the ghost. ' I'Jl con -vince you in order .to Bavo myself further trouble. I can take any one's form. For instance, that of a risieg lawyer.' And with that tho figuro betoro them was an exact counterpart of young Fulmer. The next instant the ghost was himiielf agaia. ' By jovo,' said Smilie, '' what a splendid lightning change artist ho w^uld make.' 'Say,' Eaid Fulmer, 'what would you take for a night at the big hall? You oould per sonate the'head of tho Univo.'sity and sing,. ?I- want to be an-Augel' with .? -splendid effect.' 'I am in no mood for obaff,' said the opccter, severely. 'Finally, wil; you give up my skeleton ?' j / ' Let him havo hia old bones, said Smilie, 'I certainly will net,' eri»d Wentworth. 'Why, Smilie, I had to drill 150 holes in that skeleton. No, sir.l J. W. Stodgera remains here.' ' Remains is good,' eaid Fulmer. ' Well, Mr. Wentworth, when you get tired o! the fight just give that skeleton a decent burial.' With that the ghost was gone. ' So long,' oried Smilie. ' What are you goiog to do, Wentworth ? It's you and the ghost, it seems.' ' Do ? Why, keep J. W., of oourse.' Next day there was an astounding oharge againBt Wentworth. A passenger coming up from Detroit by the early train had been met on the road from the station by a student exactly answering Wentworth'a description, who demanded money at the point of a pistol, and the passenger would havo undoubtedly been robbed if two others coming along had not frightened the culprit, who osoaped. Nothing but Smilio'a solemn oath that Went worth was asleep at tho time— it waa Saturday morning, saved Wentworth. On Sunday all Ann Arbor waa scandalised as it came from church by seeing Wentworth staggering along the street in a state of beastly intoxication. Tho professors hauled him over tho coals, and it was in vain that he protested ho had spent the day worthily, trying to catch fish up tho river. He went home mad and, as J. W. grinned at him aa ho camo in, he seized tho ruler and smashed in tho trap door, jaw. The ruler did not pass through the bony part of J. W., aa it did through its spectral counterpart. ' Next day Wentworth was too ill to attend olass. Smilie left him and wended bis way to college. Ho had just taken his seat while the Professor waa jotting down names prepara tory to a ' quiz' whon an unearthly yell at traotcd all eyes to the top tier ol seats that descended ono by one down to the operating tablo. There Btood Wentworth on the back of the highest seat. ' One, two, three, look out for me,' he shouted, and with that ho ran swiftly down tho backs of tho seats, jumping over the stu dents' heads, hopping lightly on tha ' subject' that lay covered up on tho revolving plank, then sprang among the lady students who, scattered soreaming, and thenoo up to the top of iho opposite tier. - 'Now for a jump across. tho arena. Never attempted by anyone outsido of this oircus.' ' Catch him,' slioutod somebody. ' He's insane.' At that Wentworth mado for tbo_ narrow stairway, Smilie and another ' after him. He beat them easily across tho campus and ent ered the door of hiB boarding place. When the two students burst into the room they found Wentworth sitting doefully look ing at tho damaged front of Stodgers, and he aworo ho had not been out that morning.'' ? Next day he got notice of dismissal from the University. Aa ho rat by liis window stubbornly refus ing to bo conquered by a ghost, and yet aware that perhaps some people would not .bolievo tho wholo Etory it ho told it, he Eaw hia double on tho opposite Bide of the street. 'By Georgo I' ho oried, I'll have it out with him. If they eco us both there they'll bolievo my story. -He seised; the ruler and Btarted out. Tho ghost looked behind him; and then it too had a ruler in its hand. Ncaring the poatoflice the ghost came, suddenly up to n group ot men, hit out right and left with tho olub, struck a policeman across the face, and fled towards Wentworth. The orowd pursued. As it camo to Wentworth it vanished into thin air, and, thenext instant Wentworth waf in-the hands of tho outraged constable. From tbo lockup tho dejected young mon wrote to (jimlie : , For my sake, buy a cometry lot and bury John W. Stodgers, oharging the coat to me. Yours. : ' WENTWORTII. That ended the fight. .'Wentworth, I regret to say, is not the first student who aamo tc griof by letting spirits get the better, of him. 