DOLLY VANSITTERT'S OTHER LOVER. A GHOST STORY. Br JULI.rA% H].lWTornonS. ClArrnPT VI. NAr. and Mrs. Vansittert had been wealthy people, and though Mr. Van- , sittert was "in business," I imagine his businei'I consisted mainly in tear ing off coupons, reading the financial column in the newspapers, and dis cussing the bad times with friends on thi street. Ho was a genial, well fed, comfortable gentleman, who had everything he wanted (except, per haps, a son), and with whom every body was glad to dine. lie lived in a handsome house on Madison-avenue below Forty-second-strct, and, after his return from his first trip abroad, never leftAmoricaagain. Insummerho used to go to Newport and Saratoga or to Long Branch. At home he spent a good deal of time in reading. Ho was frank and affable in general conversation, though upon some points iad at some seasons he was reserved. iHe was devoted to his wife, and idolised his daughter, who was his only child. Mrs. Vansittert was said to have been a great beauty in her youth, and was always a very fascinating woman, though in her latter years her health was delicate. She had an extreme nervous susceptibility, which, while it doubtless enhanced her charms, must have been the occasion of no little suffering to her. It was said that this delicacy was noticeable only after the birth of her daughter. She was a fine musician, and, indeed, ap preciated the best music so highly that any other than the best caused her pain. She seemed to possess other, or at any rate finer, senses than most people, and sometimes would answer a question before it was asked, or' otherwise betray a knowledge of what was going on in her interlocu tor mind. Her hair and eyes were brown, her complexion delicate and transparent. Among her peculiarities was a great horror of darkness. Her drawing-rooms were always brilliantly lighted, and she never slept without a light in her chamber. Probably she may at some time have received a shock that produced this nervousness. Although a very religious woman, she attended no church; but the , Rev. Mr. Shenstono, was her old and inti mate friend, and a frequent visitorat her house. Mrs. Vansittert died when her daughter was 13 years old, and her husband survived her not more than two years. Dolly Yansittert resembled both her father and her mother. Her figure was cast in a somewhat fuller mould than is usual with our young women, though she was not above an agreeable height. But her organisation was very sensitive, and was quickly acted upon by her mind,, so that a few hours' grief or anxiety would make her seem perceptibly thinner. She was a very beautiful girl, having her father's blue eyes andher mother's complexion and brown hair. She .was fond of society and of amuse ment, and was easily stimulated to excitement and mirthfulness; but tears came as easily, and were never very far off. She had strong and apparently unreasoning antipathies to certain things and persons; and most of her acquaintances pronounced her fickle, because she was apt to rate them too highly at first anid too justly aftor ward. 'Her friends never made. this complaint, but of fiends she had' not many. She often wore an expeotant air, as though awaiting the appearance of some person or event that should :olvo: a great riddle or .end ,a 'long suspense. But this lookas often sub sided into disappointment, because the suspense stillremained unrelieved and the riddle delayed to be read. In some respects, not easily definable, .s;he seemed a separate nature, not .vitally in sympathy with the common .and catholic impulses of humanity. Perhaps some strange experience was needed to break down.. those -viewless barriers, or, it might bo, to formulate. -distinctly and.irrevocably her spiritual alienatiopn roin th:race. .. Cbncerning Mrs.. Trafalgar, Dolly Vansittert's aunt, and it is only to be said:that she was a woman of fashion, an adept in all social observances, and, in her own way arid sphere, a very useful and able personage. She was; and had always been, ineasy cir cunmstances, and at her brother's death became the guardian of her niece. Mr. Vailsittert's fortune was bequeathed to Dolly, and would be come hers upon her marriage or when she completed liher twenty-first year. 'Meanwhilo, of course, she was in the enjoyment of everything that money could control. Her engagement to . Moorfield Sarcey was as agreeable to the family and social interests in volved ia to the parties to the contract themselves. And so the outlook scemond ii all respects a bright.one. And yet the thought sometimes would occur to mo that a mishap: 2might be in store -for the young people. .Dolly Vansittort, good, charming, and lovely as she was, appeared to me lacking in something that fit's i .woman for the married state.; I know her well, and never theless, in a.certain' sense, I felt .that I did not know. her at all; Moorfiold, no doubt, know her much bettor than I did, but did ho know all ? I fancied once in a while that he had a secret misgiving. There was a mystery about the girl; whether for good or ill, time only could prove. A few days after the meeting of'the Four Spots I was moved to make 'an afternoon call on Dolly Vansittort, : who lived with her auint in Fifty thitrd-street. CHAitlT VII. •. It was.a gloomy wintry day, and so dlark in Mrs. Trafalgar's. drawing room that I could scarcely distinguish her bland and elegant features as I shook liands with her. And she, on h, ler side, betrayed a' iimilar lack of. ': penetration. \- R " lHeally, when you first appeared in the doorway," she exclaimed, " I Slook you for Mr. Choesunder." " I' m sorry to be a disappoint Smcnt." I replied. " You didn't disappoint me," re marked Dolly, who now came forward from .a. dark corner to greet'me. " I Scould orcver be mistalten n Mr Choes hiuderS-or in voin," she quickly dded. ' ' "I have l:ad.: oE this Oriental dignitary, but'liiever have seen him," I said. "Are you bkipedting him ? "He n6ver comes when he is expected--that is his peculiarity," said Mrs. Trafalgar. "l is coming was never unexpected to me," Dolly observed. "'No. I tell her that there soems to be a hidden sympathy between them, and I'm not surobut I ought to warn Moorfield," added the elder lady, laughing. "I'll back Moorfield against all the Chesunders in India," said I. Mrs. Trafalgar hereupon remarked that Moorfield and Mr. Clheunder were "very different." At which Dolly smiled, and at the same time sighed. We were now seated com fortably round the open wood fire, by means of which rich New- Yorkers are accustomed to ignore (though not to dlispense with) the unobtrusive'neces sary furnace. The flame sometimes drooped and smouldered, and some times flickered brightly forth, illuminating our faces for a moment, and sparkling on Mrs. Trafalgar's diamond rings, and on the gold chain that encircled Dollv's neck, and glow ing more dimlyupon the dark polished table and the drapery of the lounge. The knowledge that a dreary snow storm was going on out-doors made us feel the more cozy. "If I were Mr. Chesunder, I would not have come away from India in winter." "' There is a time for everything," rejoined Dolly: But whether rsh intended an-ything more than a plati rude I could not determine. " Didn't tbe bell ring ?" said Mrs. Tmfalga-, after a pause. "Mr. Cheunder ! 1 erelaimeil, ]ooking .at Doll. "No0," she answered. rsuppose it must be Moorfield." But she was wrong; it t;urned out :to be the rev. Mr. Shenslone. Be was a fne-looking old man, with :a superb great head, shaggy with white hair, and a wise, serene, strong face. As he joined our li;le circle by the fireside, and took Dolly's soft hand affectionately in his own large, powerful one, I was glad to feel that the roung lady had so important and familiar a friend in her immediate background. For although, humanly speaking, she seemed lifted above the contingency of ordinary ill luck and necessity, yet the support and good will of such a man as this might almost be deemed a protection against sorrow and low spirits. He diffused an atmosphere of cheer and confidence, and could, I doubt niot, through his brave old spectacles, have looked the devil himself out of countenance. Not long after his entrance, while we were all conversing comfortably, Moorfield joined us, and brought'with him, as he generally did, an element of. quaint humour and fun. He was a peculiar fellow, a mingling of curious incongruities. He was a fastidious man of fashion in habits and bearing, yet generous and genial in heart;. His expression had, a singular, almost gratuitous gravity, yet he was constantly witty and amusing to an irresistible degree; his face had the air and style of a typical New York man.about town, and yet his features were castin'a mould that bore a striking resemblance.-to the. physiognomy of George Washington. His figure was slender and graceful, and he was not so tall or so heavy a man as the historic George by three 'or ,four inches and eighty or ninety pounds. "'Dolly," said the reverend old Shenstone, in a momentary pause of the talk and laughter, "I have hind a presentiment." "Oh!" exclaimed Dolly, drawing herself up with a slight shiver. "I was just going to ring for tea," said Mrs. Tlrafalgar, who was both a quick-witted and a matter-of-fact lady. "It was about your marriage," con tinued the old.gentleman, - "Bjr a hstrange coincidence, sol have I,"i remarked. Moorfield. "It is to the effect that her happiness will beginon .Februaryr 1.' .' ' Too late by two weeks," said .ri: Shenstdnd, gravely. ' . "Please don't' l" entreated Dolly, in a frightened tone. The rqst of us laughed. "The cardas will be sent but.tto moriow," oblserved Mrs. Tralflgar. "Have the date altered,"' returned Mr. Shenatone, comppeosedly.: '.You lead me to infer that you propose to become timhe husbihd of tlhe young lahdy~your4elf," put iii Moor field, with :an especially melancholy diroop of the corners of his inooth.; i " Youth is presumptuous and over confident," aud the old man, shaking his head with a grave smile. " Lovely giuls have been carried off, oven at the foot of thle altar, by older and less available men than I before now. Sb look toit." There was something in his manner that rendered it diflicult for some of us-for myself, at any rate-to deter, mine whethel r he spoke in jest or earnest. His suggestion was er-: tainlyv an extraordinary one; but then Mr. Shenstone was an extraordinary man. Ho was a mystic, and he occa sionally (thlough always with a quiet ness and sobriety that belonged to him and gave to vwhat hlie did a sort of ab nornil -reasonableness) ran directly countbr to all recognised custom and conveuitionality. A short silence followed his last Sutterance, and I confess I felt some curiosity as to what would be said next, and who would say it. But the thread of the conversation was not destiuied to be resumed-at all events, not then. "He is here !" suddenly cried Dolly, and heli started to her feet. None of usl had heard any sound of a football:; the door-bell liad not rung; in the dusk of the room no figure beyond our circle had been discirnible; and yet, in the light created by a inonetary up-blazing of the fire in the grate, we all saw a tall genitleman standing in the doorway of the room; and at the' same instant lhe bowed, and came forward with a leisurely step. '. Dolly's curious sensi-. bility had not misled her. "Bhecunder, by jingo! " murmured SMoorfield in my ear. S CAPTErasR 'III. . I could easily write a long descrip tion of M1r. Chesundor. I hlave never met anylbody like him. Perhaps I should say.thiat. I never met anyone who imp resed me as he did. Cer talnIy his outward 'sspedt was not the toatiiinylir* parteof hins,though even this was an'thing but commonplace. He was c6nsderablyabove the average height (he may have been two or three inches over six feet), and his figure was slender and ainewy without being emaciated. His bearing had great dignity, but it was a dignity of the spirit rather than of the body-tho dignity of power so assured as to be no longer self-conscious, and which in no.waFy interfered with a graceful and unassuming ease of demeanour that was immediately attractive. Mir Chesmunder was evidently a man of the world in the finest sense. His head was compact and finely propor -tioned, and his regularity of features would have rendered his face unmean ing but for the singular brilliance'and intensity of his eves, the irises of which were of unusual size.. and per fecllr black. His hair was of the same hue, and clustered closely round his head in crisp wary curls, having somewhat the effect of black flames. He was dressed in the conventional style, and, as far as externals went, uclht have passed for an ordinary Aieri-an or English gentleman of unususlly swarthy complexion. His face was bearlless, and upon the left breast of his coat clittered a star, apparently cornm iored of diamonds. It seemed to shine by a lustre inherent in it, and even (or so I fancied) to wane or increase in brightness according to the will or in srmpathr with the mood of the wearer. Hle might have been five:and-thirty ye?s cdd;.possibly-for these Oriental faces do not express our Anglo-Saxon standards-he wf s much older; but at any rate his m~rnveents and bearing evinced all the rigor of a man in his prrnue. (ma xr commtrnED.) 