GENERALITIES. The difference between some men and a dog is that they will go into a publichouBe together and the dog'will come out perfectly sober. He—" This is a lime tree, Clara. But you are not looking." She—" Yes, Charles, I see it; but I was wondering how they extract the mortar from it." An independent old lady, speaking of Adam naming all 'the animals, said he didn't deserve any credit for naming the pig—anyone would know whatto call him. The courts in Missouri have decided that a woman isn't an old iuaid until she is 35 years of age, The tide of feminine immigration to Missouri has already set in. " Shure, Michael, they only bees wan shmall sup o' th' porridge left. Will Oi give it ter the pig er th' childer ?" " Lave the pig have ut, Mary Ann; faith, the kids '11 git th' binefit av ut when he's kilt." " Yes," said the chairman, sadly, " our tern perance meeting last night would .have been more successful if the lecturer hadn't been so absent-minded." What did he do ?" " He tried to blow the foam irom a glass of water." A novice Bent twelve stamps in answer to an advertisement headed—" How to make money fast.". He received the valuable information —"Take a five-pound note and make it fa8t to something with paste." The young man now feels that life is a delusion. Old gentleman visitor to a school (putting a few questions)—" Now, boys—ah—can any of you tell me what commandment Adam broke when he took the forbidden fruit 1" Small scholar (like a shot)—" Please, sir, th'worn't no commandment then, sir!" Questioner sits corrected. " Habit" is hard to overcome. If you take off the first letter it does change " a bit." If you take off another the whole ot "it" remains. It is not till you remove the last that it is t" totally used up. All of which goes to show that if you wish to be rid of a bad habit you must throw it off altogether. Mrs. Peterby hired Matilda Snowball as a cook, but in about a week sbe had occasion to say to her—" When I hired you, you taid you didn't have any male friends coming around, aud now I find a man in the kitchen half the time." " Why, ma'am, bress your soul, dat man ain't no male friend ob mine. He am only my husband," was the reply. " I want all of you children," said Deacon Bucrag, " to do what you can to induce others to come to Sunday school, and—er—learn to be good. I want you to " " Are we goin' to have a picnic this summer ?" interrupted a small Christian. "I presume so," replied the deacon, " Why, Tommy 1" "'Cause I can get Chubby White to come to Sunday-school if we are." An old miner in British Columbia appeared as witness in a court of justice, and the judge, not satisfied with his answers, angrily told him he was " prevaricating." " Can't help it, j edge," said the unabashed miner. " Can't help it!" said the judge, " why, what do you mean ?" Just so, jedge, three years ago I was packing' in Idaho, and one of them 'tarnal mules 4 reached out and tuk off three of my front teeth, and I've prevaricated ever since!" Bride's Little Brother (to bridegroom)— " Did it hurt you much when she did it 1" Bridegroom—" What hurt me ?" Bride's L.B. —" The hook. Did it go into your lip V Bridegroom—" I don't know what you mean, Johnnie." Bride's Mother—" Leave the table this instant, Johnnie." B.'s L. B—"What for ? I only wanted to know if it hurt him. You said Sis bad fished for him a long time, but she'd hooked him at last, and I wanted to know if " B.'s L. B. is dragged out of his chair and hurried from the room, and the bridegroom becomes meditative. Three anglers fished off a log near the Union Bridge for five long weary hours and got one perch weighing 5oz. When they started for an adjacent hotel each of them put a hook in the mouth of the victim, threw the poles on their shoulders, and stepped off softly and sadly. There was a little old man from Wodonga on the hotel verandah as they came up. He had fished and bobbed, and bobbed and fished, for two weeks without getting a bite. " Gentlemen," he said, as they came up, " Did you all hook that perch at once ?" " At once," they replied in chorus. " All pull at once?" "Ac once." "That's all I want to know. If it takes three big able-bodied liars five hours to hook a little fish like that, I'm going where an old man and a Christian can have some sort of a show ! Landloid, how much do I owe you ?" And he was gone in two hours. " William, look up. Tell us who made you William, who was considered a fool, screwed his face, and, looking thoughtful and somewhat bewildered, slowly answered—" Moses, I s'poee." "That will do. Now," said Counsellor Gray addressing the court, " the witness ' s'poses' Moses made him. This certainly is an intelligent answer—more than I considered him capable of giving, for it shows that he haB some faint idea of Scripture; but I submit it is not sufficient to justify his being sworn as a witness to give evidence." " Mr. Judge," said the the fool, "may I ax the lawyer a question " Certainly," said the j udge, " as many as you please." " Wal, then, Mr. Lawyer, who do you think made you ?" Connsellor Grey (imitating the witness) — " Aarop, I s'pose." Alter the mirth had subsided, the witness exclaimed—" Wal, now, we do read in the good Book that Aaron once made a calf; but who'd have thought the 'tarnal critter had got in here." One evening, in the principal goldmining camp in the Transvaal, niue or ten years ago, a man, partially intoxicated and supposed to be actuated by jealousy, attempted suicide. At first he took morphia ; but this not proving strong enough, he tried to hang himself, but was prevented, and handed over to the sheriff to be kept in safe custody for the night, and to be tried before tbe Acting Gold Commissioner (a shrewd and solemn Scot) the next mdrning. As there was no law to have prevented him from committing suicide if he thought fit, but it being desirable to punish him in some way, it was decided to bring a charge of drunkenness and disorderly conduct against him. To this the prisoner pleaded guilty; whereupon the Acting Gold Commissioner, without the ghost of a smile, delivered the following extraordinary judgment:—" Mr. \- t I shall fine ye twa punds for your drunkenness; but I'll just gie ye to understand that I ken vera weel what ye attempted to dae, and, had ye succeeded in your attempt, vour poonishment would have bin vera much more severe than it is." THE LITTLE ACHE IN SMALL OF BACK, the slight pain over the hips, the weary, worn-out feeling are very significant, and warn you of serious results that will follow. Attend to them at once. Use DR. BELL'S BITTERS, which will relieve these little aches and pains, and save you a long spell of sickness, doctor's bills, &c.; 