The Stolen Notes: A Christmas Story of the Diggings. [WRITTEN FOR THE "QUEENSLANDER" CHRISTMAS SUPPLEMENT.] BY FRANK W. BURSTALL. "Well, Jenny, this is the last straw for the camel's back—or mine." "What is amiss now?" queried the loving wife from without the hut. Yes, and she was ft wife of whom any man might bo proud ; aho had followed him sinco ho had first taken to tho lifo of a digger. Ah, yes, and boforo that, when thoy had a homo of thoir own, with a goodly piece of land fencod in, stocked with cattle and a few sheep, a nioe comfortable house, and all that a settler could desire. But troubles came upon them; a drought firdt, then bush fires destroyed part of their holding; but still they hoped on ; then sick ness, and, to crown all, while they were taking one of their children to the nearest hospital (some thirty miles away) a bush fire swept down, and not only destroyed almost all the fencing loft, but burnt tho houso and stock yards, tho eldost daughter (just budding into womanhood) only saving her brothers and sisters by a miracle. Thoy packed up what was left of their worldly goods, which I need not say was very little—in fact, only what the daughter had Bayed from tho fire and what was with them in the light cart when they returned—and started for the town of M , intending to sell tho land and be quit of farming, as luck seemed to be dead against them. After a time a purchaser was found and the land was sold; but at what a saorifico! That which had cost them many weary years of hard and weary labour had gone for a mere song, for the times were very bad, and ready money was hard to get. With the proceeds Jack Stalwart—for such waß the man's name—determined to try his chance at tho diggings, in hopes of a stroke of good luck such as falls to tho lot of almost every diggor who sticks to tho calling for any length of time. They tried several diggings with varying luck. Sometimes, if he had good lack, Jack would loave the wife in the nearest town and go prospecting further out with his mate ; but by-and-by she got tired of this sort of life, and decided that she must be unto him as a wife should be, following in the footsteps of Euthwhen she said to Boazof old, "En treat me not to leave thee or to return from fol lowing after thee; for whither thon goest I will go, and whither thou lodgest I will lodge; thy people shall be my people, and thy God my God." She did not say it in these words, but much to the Bame purpose, and in the end carried her point. At the time this story opens they had been located on the P diggings, with, as usual, varying luck, till at last it scorned to turn all the wrong way and to be going from bad to worse every day. The money they had was going little by little, but going surely. Tho words that open this tale were uttered by John (or Jack, as he was usually called) Stalwart. He was a man you may picture as answering exactly to his name; a big brawny fellow who seemed well able to battle his way through the ups and downs of the world; and he had done bo till now, but had almost lost hettrt when he cried out to his wife on that clear July morning, and the query came back, "Why, what's amiss nowP" "Why," said Jack, "after all my hard luok on tho diggings I think this is the worst." "But what is it, Jack? you cannot have bottomed on another 'duffor,' for you were only down 12ft. last night, and I know tho sinking is over 20ft." "No, Jenny," answered Jack, "but tho stocking with notes and silver has been stolen —gone cloan away from where we planted it in the humpy—and how we are to carry on till the wet season I don't know. I hate to run into debt, and now even our neighbours—savo the mark !—seem as unkind to us as old Mother Earth, or worse, for thoy have takon from us what wo had got, while she only withholds from us that which she has hidden." There were sad hearts within Jaok Stalwart's humpy that night, and for many more, for, although a careful search had been made for tho " stocking," nothing had been found but a few shillings and half a sovereign, which they concluded the thief had lost in his hurry to get away with his ill-gotten gains. Jack's mate, Bob Crofton, was as good a man as Jack himself, and had been with him for some years, and had always been a true mate in every way according to a digger's acceptation of the meaning of the word; and of lato years there was a pair of blue eyes in the camp that seemed to have as much, or more, attraction for him as the old raateship in former days—namely, those of Jack's eldest daughter Nellie. Bob was a host in himself with his hearty good-tempered manner. A man of good common sense, who generally put in a word or suggestion in tho right place, and in nino cases out of ten proved to be correct and for the good of the common welfare. The "stocking" consisted literally of an old stocking, and its contents were five £o-notes, four £1-notes, half a sovereign, and some silver. There had at the beginning of the weok been some six £.5-notes, but Jenny had changed one for some small stores that were bought from the storekeeper's cart that came round with grocery, &c;, once a week, thu« leaving the odd change that was scattered about outside the humpy. The stocking had been put back in the usual place at the head of tho bod, and tho curious part of the robbery was thut some ono had been in tho houso all the time since tho storekeeper's cart had been there. They had no clue to tho thief, nor even any fliutpicion, and tho only hope the)' had was that Jack had put the numbers of the votes down in his pookct-book—the samo old book in which he used to note down tho weekly result of the washings-up on tho diggings ho had been working on sinco ho loft tho old homo far away. Yes, the numbers wore thoro all right; so a council was held, at which it was decided that Jack should go into tho town a fow miles off and report to the police. This ho did, and also saw the local bank manager, giving him tho numbers of the lost notes, and asking that they might be stopped if they should bo presented. Of course, ho was told they could not be stopped, but nottco would be taken as to who presented them, and, if presented by business men, tho affable manager said ho would try and ascertain from whom they were received. More than that could not bo done, so Jack trudged home with a sore heart and a very ompty pocket to start in early next morning at the old shaft, as they had only a few feet more to sink before they should bottom. While Jack was away in town his mate had not been idle. He had been getting slabs for the shaft. They had been going through some loose ground, and it was not safe to go on without timbering the shaft for several feet. Work went wearily that day, for they could not help thinking of the lost notes and who it could be that had stolen them. At the end of the next week tho shaft was bottomed, and for the fourth timo turned out a " duffer." In the evening Jack and his mate had a long talk as to what should be done next —whether to sink another shaft (if the store keeper would trust them), or to push out and try to get a billet on one of tho many stations round the diggings. During the evening, while they had not yet made up their minds, the storekeeper called in to condole with them in their loss, and in a kind off-hand sort of way told them he had brought somo fresh beef and a few stores down for them, explaining at tho same time that the reason why ho had come was that as none of them had been up at the store that day he supposed they wore too busy looking for the lost money. Jenny at once saw tho kind action of the storekeeper, and took the stores in the same spirit in which they were given, but though she said little her heart was shining through her eyes at this unlooked-for kind ness. Though the diggers are a rough lot, and many of the storekeepers and publicans are sordid and grasping, you will Bee more spon taneous opon-handed charity in a digging township than in half your so-called civilised towns. Ido not speak from hearsay, but from actual observation while located on many of the Northern goldfields of this colony (Queens land). After some persuasion it was decided that Bob should go out and work on a station—at fencing, if possible—for tho common weal, and Jack was to sink again in deeper ground below the old workings, Mr. George Hardy, the storekeeper, agreeing to supply rations and find a man three days out of tho week to help in the claim, and the two to share the gold pro ratd for the timo his (Hardy's) man worked. Next morning but one (Monday) Bob was up at day-dawn and after his horse, which waa running up on a long flat called tho old race oourse, on a mount he got from Hardy, and by night was homo again and all ready for a fair start in the morning. There was a hearty breakfast and a good deal of hand-shaking before Bob left next morning; but he left with a light heart, for he had just time to whisper a few words to Nellie, and, though she did not speak in return, the tell-talo blush said more than words to the young bushman. Again the work went on as of yore; Jack and his new companion were hard at it in the new shaft. Day by day they worked on in the hope of striking " dead on the gutter"—as the diggers term it when they find the run of gold which in the olden days has been the original bottom of a river, crook, or gully which is auriferous. But time went on, and after several holes had been sunk, the result being always the same— failure—the tired men, though kept in good bodily food by Hardy, were sometimes almost inclined to give in, and go, as Bob had done, to the stations for work, and begin life over again. Jack would have gone before, but he owed a good round sum to his "backer," and had also promised his mate Bob that he would keep on, with or without luck, till Christmas. Thunder storms had fallen pretty heavily during tho beginning of tho summer, and there was no lack of water; in fact, in some places there waa a little too much. All the waterholes in tho creeks were full, and miners could only sink on the higher ground—the spurs of ridges leading down to the gullies, &c.; Jack, like others, had been drowned out of the lower ground, and in the first week in December started a shaft about half-way down the spur of the ridge at the back of the humpy. It was the 23rd of De cember, and, although the gold warden had granted the usual exemption from work, our two friends Jack and his new mate were still working away, for they expected to bottom the hole on the next day—Christmas Eve. At a family council that had been held during the week it had been decided that this should be the last hole sunk in that plaoe, unless they either struck payable gold or Bob Crofton came back. In any case they would not move camp till after the festive season of Christmas was over. And what a hollow farce it seemed to them! Nothing in the house (and rain had begun to fall in tho morning, and had been coming down heavily ever since, so that tho creeks wero rising all round); it Rcemed a sorry lookout for their Christmas dinner. In spito of the rain they could still work in their claim, as they were on the spur and had a drain cut in a V shape above the shaft to keep off all surfaco water. All uight it rained as it only can rain in a tropical climnte, and at daylight in tho morning of the 24th, when our friends awoke, the creeks around them were all "bankers." I may state here that the place where they were working was in a comer where a smaller creok joined into Sandy Creek, and that soino mile or bo further back there was what is called an anabranch—what indeed was supposed to be tho old bed of the creek—so that when Sandy and the smaller creeks wero both up tho water would run through this branch, thereby making a complete island of the ridge on which Jack had pitched his camp. As tho sun roso higher the clouds drifted away, Nature came out gay and smiling, and everything looked so bright and cheery that even Jack, with all his< despondency, could not help but greet the glorious day and take the change as a good omen for a ehango of luck at the end of such an unfortunate year. He told Jeiuiy he would go to some of tho old claims, and see if ho could get a few " specks." For those of my readers who do not know what " specking" is I may mention that diggers that have been out of luck on a diggings for some time go out in the morning after rain on to the mounds of earth that have been thrown up from old worked-out claims, and sometimes make a few pennyweights by picking up Bmall specks of gold that have been exposed by the rain. In this way several very nice nuggets have been found in the North. I myself saw one of over 40oz. Jack was strolling away down to the old 'workings when he heard a cry of vexation from his wife, and turned back to Bee what was tho matter. "Mutter enough!" was the reply of his wife. " I declare those 'possums have been in the humpy again; the way they havo rooted up tho flour-bag is abominable, not only wasting tho best part of the little flour wo have left but making a mess all over the place as •well. Jack, you must borrow a gun and shoot them as soon as tho creek goes down." " You had better send sonny out and see if he can track him up some of the old trees by his white paws," returned Jack an he sauntered off; "pernaps a bit of 'poßsum will be our Christmas dinner." This was said half in joke, but it looked very much like earnest as things were then, as the last bit of beef had l*en cooked the day before, and there was very little of it left. "Not a bad idea!" said Jenny; "so, Johnny, off you go and «co if you can find the thiof, and keep your eyes open for a nativo bees* nest at the same time." As Jack was disappearing his wifo called out to him: " Good luck, Jack, and keep a good heart, for if all elae fail Bob is sure to keep his word, and be here on Christmas Eve. Unless tho creeks are too high nnd he cannot get over," she continued to herself. " Ah, well, then we ahall have some flour to keep body and soul to gether." Jack senior nnd junior went on their respec tive ways, the one cheered by a good wife, and —I was going to say—the other by a better mother, if that could bo. The whole family Beem contented and almost happy, and in spite of bad luck and the loss of the money out of the old stocking they all felt that Christmas was just the same old Christinas as in the days long ago in the old country, although tho heat was—well, just about what it usually is in Northern Queensland on or about Christmas Day. Jack and the son were back to dinner, but with very little luck as far as the "speck" busi ness waa concerned. Johnny had been more fortunate, for he had traced the flour-robbing opossum to an old leaning dead tree, and was vowing vengeance against him for his after noon's work. " I shall put in the rest of the day in tho shaft and get some stuff ready to haul up if Bill comes over from the store this evening," said Jack, "but I am afraid there is no chance, for the creeks are still too high. By Jove!" he continued, "I should like to have bottomed beforo to-morrow, for on that day of all days in the year John Stalwart will not put pick into ground no matter how much gold might be there." Jenny looked after the children and made «nch preparations as she could with the scanty means at her command for the evening meal. Tho evening shadows were deepening before nhe was gladdened by the sight of father or son. She gave little Jenny and Bob their bread and tea with a promise of 'possum in the morning, and put them in bed out of the way, and then wont out to watch for the bread winner, listening for the welcome cooee. There were several surprises in store for her that night. First came Jack, jun., with a wee wee opossum in hi.s arms. He was nearly cry ing with vexation when he told his mother how when he climbed tbo leaning tree the old 'possum had nui out of the hole, and he could only get the little one, who was fast asleep in the hole ; " and oh, mother, it was in such a nice little ncrt, just as warm as if he were tucked up with us children in the blankets." It was evident that such a little creature as that was no good for dinner on the next day, so what to do with it Jenny could not say; but her attention was taken from the opossum tribe by seeing Jack, sen., coming up at pretty nearly a run, his face as white as if he had seen a ghost. At the same time shouts were heard across the creek, and Bob's jolly face in company with Hardy, the storekeeper, showed up on the opposite bank. They wanted to know where was the best landing, for they were determined to swim across with the pack horses. Jack had sat down, and seemed better for 11 drink of tea that Jenny gave him, and by thu time Bob and Hardy were aoross the creek he was pretty right except for a kind of wild look in his faco and a nervous twitching in his limbs. Hearty hand-shakes all round, and then Bob, noticing the look on Jack's face, cried out: " What is the matter, old man ? we havo not frightened you, havo we'r" " No," replied Jack, " but the claim has ; I have struck it, Bob, and struck it heavy. Look here!" In his left hand that ho put forth there wero two nuggets, one about lloz. and the other ii little over toz. A shout of joy -went up from that littlo band as they saw the glitter of the gold shining in the flickering firelight. It was wonderful, Bob said; Hardy declared that all their fortunes were made ; and Jenny quietly put her arms round Jaok's neck and said, "It has oome at last, Jack ; after all our hard work and hardships, it has come at last!" "Thank God it did not come too late," ho replied, "for I had all but lost heart this day of our Lord." But the horses had to be unpacked of the groceries (that had been put up in light waterproof covering, so that the water should not get in), and Bob said he must swim over again to fetch the flour, which had been left on the other side, as it was too heavy to bring at the same time as the groceries. Taking tho horse that swam the highest out of the water he went across, and was soon safely back with the last of the load. After a good hearty meal of scones hastily made by Jenny, and some preserved sheep's tongues and tinned fish, they all sat round the tablo to hear how all this joy came about—how Bob had taken a contract to put up some new wire netting fencing, and having some capital working men under him found at the comple tion of the contract that he had a good round sum to draw for tho balance from the squatter for whom he was working ; and as it was get ting well on towards Christmas he thought he would buy another horHe and come down to the old place and see how his old chum was getting on—not Nellie of course ; he did not mention her in the affair at all—and how, coming down, ho had called at Hardy's store and found the creeks were a •• banker," while Hardy himself was just loading up a pack-horse with " com forts" for the Stalwart family, on the chance of getting aorogs the creek. Bob of course went into it heart and soul, and loaded his pparo horse up also. "I say, Hardy," said Bob, "wo must not forget something to drink the health of old Daddy Christmas in." "Trust me," said Hardy; " I am attending to that. If wo only get over we will have a real jolly Christmas." So away they went, and, as Bob said, "To finish up, here we arc, and in for a good old time of it in spite of the water all round us." Jack then told Bob how things had been going with them till that evening; and, con tinuing in his own words, said, " I worked away all the afternoon, and had a nice lot of dirt ready to send up when I could get a mate fit the top, and as it was getting too dark to work I thought I would knock off for the night —not in a very amiable frame of mind, you may be sure. I thought before leaving I would light my pipe, so, after filling it up in the dark almost, I struck a match, when I saw something shine in the wall of the shaft just where I had been at work. At first I thought it was water, but when I looked again, by Jove, my knees nearly doubled under me; there was the larger of the two nuggets staring me in the face. If ever a man had the ' gold fever' I had it then. I picked some more wash down, and got the small one; that was enough for me ; I came up the rope hand over hand, with my feet in the foot-holes on either side of the shaft, like a madman, for I could not keep such good news all to myself when Jenny was up here eating her poor little heart out on account of our misfortunes. So I raced up as hard as I could, looking, I suppose, to all of you veiy much like a maniac, from tho ques tions you asked." Tho evening was wearing on apace, and it was determined to see " Old Father Christmas" in and drink his health. Bol) found himself by the merest accident seated next to Nellie, who was sitting in the corner on a bush sofa, with the table in front, bo, of course, had no ohance of escape ; and when Bob stole his arm round her waist she had to let it bo there, for what a fearful thing it would be to make a noise about it and call everyone's attention to BoVr misdemeanour ! Suddenly the whole party were startled by a roar and a yell from little Johnny. The room was in an uproar, and at first it was thought he had been bitten by a snake : but it turned out that poor little 'possum had been asleep all this time in his shirt, and Johnny, in trying to take it out, had received suoh a bite on the finger that the blood was flowing freely, hence the roar of pain. Jenny explained how it was found, and pro posed, even if it was the son of a thief, that it should be let go on its way, as was not this Christmas Eve? And charity ought to be ex tended not only to all mankind but also to all brute-kind—if I may use the term. Bob said it would be cruel to turn it loose outside as the hawks would be sure to get it in the morning. " Where did Johnny get it from ?" he asked. "Oh," Johnny said, " out of a leaning tree just at the back of the ridge." So on Bob's suggestion they all .set forth to put the little thing back in its nest for the old one to look after. Jack would not let his son go up the tree at night for fear of his falling, so Hnrdy volun teered to do so. He struck a match and looked into the hole to see if the old party was at home, and uttering tho expression, "Ye gods !" partially lost his hold, and nearly fell to the ground. A sharp "What the deuce are you doing? whut's up? why you nearly fell!" came from Jack. "What's up?" repeated Hardy. "Well, this is; just the rummiest go that ever I saw. By Jove ! it won't do to toll this out of tho district or all the boys will say I am blowing !" "Come, out with it," called out Jack; " don't keep it all to yourself." "Well, out it is, said Hardy, "or out is part of it I ought to say." And with that down fluttered a piece of reddish brown paper, which Jonny picked up and held to the light Jack was carrying. " Why, Hardy, this is a £5-note!" cried Jack. •'Faith it is," replied Hardy; "and here are four of its brothers, to say nothing of the children in tho shapo of four more £1-notes that form the bottom of the scoundrel's nest. Jack, there are your long-lost notes, and tho robber is tho old 'possum, the mother of Johnny's pet, and present enomy. Nellie, just fetch me a bit of old blanket for this small thief to bleep on ; as we have taken his bed wo ought to find him another." Nellie was off liko a young fawn, and was quickly back with something warm, and, on its being thrown up to Hardy, Master 'Possum was put to bed in comfort, and Hardy came down with a ran. The finding of the notes was not the crowniug surpriuo of the day, but that I will tell directly. They started for home, and just got into the humpy as " Old Father Christmas" appeared on th« scene-, when it wm a ea* of bumpiert all round to thte health of the iherry old man who had brought them Buoh a happy happy Christmas morn. Tho stirring events of the day had banished sleep out of thoir heads, and they sat far into the night, till Nellie said it was time for all good people to be in bed, and she for one was gobig. Then Bob rose to make a speech, and somehow Nellie was standing just beside him. Bob said, " My friends, I own this has been a day of surprises, but I have one more for you all—oxcept Nellie. The fact is, Jack and Jenny, you have got another Bon to-night. No, Jenny, you need not look round, it is not in the cradle, but here in youro truly, Bob Crofton. Tho fact is, after we put the poor little 'possum to bed Nellie and I walked home together, and—well, I asked her to be my dear little wife, and she has consented." How everyone shook hands, and how every body wanted to, and did, kiss the mother and daughter, it is not necessary to tell; but lam pretty well sure that every one of the elders of that family blessed the day when that rogue of a 'possum stole Jack Stalwart's old stocking and made its nest out of the Stolen Notes. 