TURF GOSSIP. By Augur. The bracelet meeting of the Victoria Amateur Turf Club is always popular, and that which is to be celebrated at Caulfield this afternoon promises to be no exception to the rule. A bill of fare of ehort and sweet dimension a is jnst what the public like on a winter afternoon. With only five events upon the card there is ample breathing time, and one can get home for dinner. A Hurdle ] Bace is the overture for to-day, and as Royal 1 Maid is top weight with list 91b! the others] are necessarily handicapped rather lightly. This mare has not been distinguishing her self lately, but she'll return to her old form some day or I'm much mistaken. Ruby is a good mure either over hurdles Or on the flat, and is not overburdened at 10st1 111b., nor is Yet Again harshly UBed. Mirth is fairly well in, and so are Sinking Fund, General Jackson, Vander bilt, and Distiller, the last-named especially. Problem, too, has a nice Weight, and as Hill top fairly spreadeagled his field at Sandhurst,' be should nave a fair show of success at 10st 21b. The flatracer Ditto reads well at 10at, and the Bame remark will apply to Grattan. Looking lower down the list nothing seems bo leniently treated as Aristo crat and Discount. The former is a real good horse, and if be were proficient at the jumping game I should expect to see him win, but as he may not be I shall look to Grattan, Distiller, and Hilltop to fill the places. There will be only a small field for the VictoriaGold Cop, and perhaps Blackthorn or Fickle will be found good enough to win. The Ladies'Trophy will take a deal of pick ing, for there are at least 20 who seem to me to have fair prospects of success. Boolka heads the list at 9st lib.; and if he were the Boolka of old this wouldn't stop him. In snch a field Mozart is not badly used at 8st 131b., but Mr. Talbot was not at all pleased with the weight allotted Kohai in the Richmond Handicap, and be scratched the pair. The latter cer tainly appeared to be very harshly used. The Ghost, Middlemarch, Meteor, Anarchy, St Odille, and Quintin Mataep form a speedy half dozen, and the beet of them will probably appropriate one of the bracelets. Then nothing looks so well as Tichborne, who should be hard to beat at 7st 111b., and Warfield and Stafford ought to have a chance at 7st 101b. Of the others, Preston, Ariel, The Deer, Duke of Atbol, Sorcerer, Delamia. Squireen, Leporello, Pocahontas, and St. j Paul read well upon paper, and I feel some diffidence in selecting three to fill the places, though Tichborne, Quintin Matsep, and Stafford strike me as the most likely—The Deer, perhaps, being their most dangerous opponent. For the Steeplechase I've a fancy for Roulette, Reticent, and Terang, and I fancy nothing better than Allander, Stafford, and Kit&wa; for the Richmond] Handicap. Mr. Thomas Haydon has received a letter | from Mr. H. Haines, who is at present en joying a trip to the old country. After re cording the incidents of the voyage, he says: —" I went to Newmarket, and saw Ormonde win the Two Thousand Guineas in a canter, and they now lay 2 to 1 on him for the Derby. Still, I am told to back The Bard. I fancy nothing but Ormonde myself, and if every thing goes on all right it will be 3 to 1 on him at the post I think he isa real good horse, and some people say he is the best they have had for years. I do not think the jockeys ride much better than oar best men, and I am snre they do not sit half so still. In ] the races over a short distance the horses | came home like drunken men." As Mr. Haines is a good horseman himself and has trained many winnetB in Australia, his opinion should be worth something. He has had a good offer to remain in England, where be is a member of Tattersall's and the Vic torian Club, but he wilt, I believe, find his way to Australia about Melbourne Cup time. Mr. Benjamin O'Neil Wilson, who many years ago was the hon. secretary of the then existing Tasmanian Jockey Club, died at Hobart last week, at the age of 80. Mr. Wilson was a great enthusiast in turf affairs, and it was he who kept a Stud-book in which were entered the foalings of many of the celebrated mares of the olden time. A friend of Lindsay Gordon, who had read a review of the deceased poet's works, writes ex. and furnishes the fol- t- i:i. . ...un to an English paper, and furnishes the fol-1 lowing episode in his life"Lindsay, while staying at Worcester with his nnde, who held a commission in the peace, and was, in fact, a beak of importance for the county, ] paia Mr. Charles Walker £5 for the privilege of riding a black mare in the steeplechases which were then in operation at Fltchcroft,. the Ham of the ancient and faithfuL-city. The night before the race the mare was put into a stable—I think the Star—and Lindsay was all agog at the thought of riding among the competitors in Bilk. But the Bheriff of the county bad a fieri facias against the goods and chattels of Mr. C. Walker and he, therefore, levied on the mare, which he took into his custody by his deputy, who, leaving the stable safely locked, betook himself to rest in a bedroom hard by. During the night, Lindsay Gordon, hearing of the levy, ana tearing that his mount would be taken from him, burst open the door, and removed the mare. This rash act involved two offences—rescuing goods from the sheriff, and burglary, for his act was done in the night - time. Gordon's nncle was much shocked and incensed at his nephew's pro ceedings, and declined to exert his influence to Bquare the matter. The end of ifc was Lindsay had to make a speedy exit from the scene of his midnight exploit, and this was the first of the aeries of reasons for bis leav ing England." . , Information of the Singapore meeting Is to affections of 4be.promoteis.of the meeting, for I notice that, the programme includes the Sydney Cap and the 'Australian Cap, the former of which' w&a; won by Mr, La rihoS Melbburhe, end. tfife. lafcter-py JMjv Earlea n&rmopyl; >The prizes,' hQwaver,'bferghaiw worthy of such imposingititle8,for they were only lOOdol. each; 4a fact, the richest stake, at tbe meeting was only ISOdoL' The Singa-1 pore Derby was won by the old Western dis trict home,. Kynoona, iaud Captain Marryatt, another.Yifctonaii-&rfea; onb, was'eeconcL Mr. Brown's Bas Blanc won the Coromandel Vase, and he also won the Kongkek Cap. Young Dalian, formerly of Tasmania, won Biz races at the meeting, and the veteran Abrams was eqaaily snhce&aftfL; Among the visitors to the meeting were His Excellency Governor Weld and the Hon. G. Wal lop. . - At the Madras Gymkhana meeting in May Trafalgar,. who was bred by the Hon. W. Pearson, carried lOst. 111b. and won the Easter Plate. The Melbourne Cup weights are due on Monday, and their publication will provide plenty of food for discussion ■ during the winter months. Various guesses have been made at the weight Mr. Barnard will com mence with, the believers in heavy handicaps prophesying' that the V.R.C. handicapper will start well above lOst ; but Mr, Barnard has too much good sense to gratify the ex tremists, whose ideas that the good hones should. be crashed in order to give the don keys a chance, are very amusing. Elstern wick-park and Moonee Valley are the courses for moderate animals, and if their owners: wonld only study the art of placing them, they would not have bo much canse to bewail their hard luck at not being able to win races. There are some animalsin the Mel bourne Cup, and in the Champion Race, too, which could not win either if they had the I historical postage .Stamp only upon their] backs. 'Why their deluded ownen will penist in nominating them for such races Is one of those inexplicable mysteries which are ] often associated with the turf. It they will ] persist in flying at high game, they must ex pect reversals. Volcano and Trident seem to be the popular favourites for the V.R.C. Derby, but those who are backing the former may find to their cost he will be extinct, so far as our great three-year-old event is concerned. Whispers of an enlarged joint are prevalent, and his admirers would do well to leave him alone until they see whether he Btands a prepara tion. Trident is a colt for whom I entertain great respect He is not built upon the same perfect lines as his celebrated brother Navi gator, but he possesses all the same courage, and evidently can stay. So tar as appearances go, the Hon. James White has a much more likely Derby candidate in Phillip Augustus, who is about the grandest-looking two year old of the season, and he has proved bis ability to gallop. Can he stay! is the ques tion that is asked when his name is men tioned in connexion with the Derby. Every body seems to be sceptical respecting the staying powers of Chester's stock. None of them have as yet been able to get a distance, though First Chester, it must be borne in mird, ran a desperate xace for the Derby won by Nordenfeldt, and that Chester himself pos sessed stamina of no mean order he concln sively demonstrated by winning the Derby and Cup, and also by running forward in other races over a long distance. It seems to me, then, to he premature to condemn the Cheaters as non-stayers. The squire of Kirkbam has other Cheaters engaged in the flying Acmel Tamarisk^ and Neophytel The first- named, is, to my mind, more like a Derby winner than any of them, for though she is low in stature she is a wonderful length, and undoubtedly carries weight well. One of the most consistent among the fillies has been the Hon. W. Long's Crossfire, who improved | considerably towards the end of the season, and, as ehe is an undoubted stayer, it is pos sible that she may be the selected one to carry the black and white jacket of her owner, though most of the Sydney folk seem to incline to the opinion that Yellow Jacket will be the Simon Pure. Owners of horses should not fail to Btudy the programme to be run through at Rosehiii on the 10th July, entries for which close at 4 p.m. on Tuesday next. June 29. There are five events—viz.. Hurdle Race of 100 so vs.. Flying Stakes of 100 so vs., Steeplechase of 150 sovs, Selling Race of 100 sotb., and July Handicap of 150 sovs. Some of our Victorian racing men might find it worth their while to have a cut in For some of these events, the entfy fee for which is a sovereign only. The Albary Produce Stakes of 1887 closes on Thursday next, July L Yearlings are j eligible, and nominations will have to be | forwarded to the hon. secretary, Mr. C. Ten Brink, Globe Hotel, Albury. Mr. George Davis announces by advertise-1 ment that David, Comus, Day6tar, and other | young racehorses of his are for private sale. In an article in Baily's Magazine reference is made to hunting in Garlow in the follow ing terms:—"The Watson family have almost created Carlow so far as fox-hunting goes; and, with many advantages, it is per haps no heresy to affirm that Carlow, as a country, iB unequal to the perfect pack of houads that Mr. Robert Watson hunts him self, occasionally assisted by hia efficient son, so well known as a poloist" Mr. Robert Watson iB brother to Mr. George Watson, to whom a similar compliment might be paid respecting hunting in the metropolitan dis trict. The friends of Mr. Benjamin Hepburn will be glad to hear that he is gradually recovering from the severe illness which he has been suffering from. i Mr. EL Oxenham's registered list of the: two-year-old winners of the past season is to hand, and it will be found a useful reference by all who take an interest in the prospect of the Derby candidates of the coming season. Mr. W. B. Mitchell has furniBhed me with a more extended pedigree of the West Aus tralian Satyr, who has been distinguishing himself in South Australia.1 Last week I Bras enabled to State that the horse was by Cym beline (son of Manuka and Chatelaine) from Camellia, by Ebony from Princess. Mr. Mit chell now inforttiB me that Ebony was a son of Yattendon, jmd that ?nnc$sa was by Com mander from Maggie Lauder, a grey mare by Rambler, imported (torn Tasmania by the late Mr. Pfinsep it^SSO. Commander was an imported horse by, Knight of Avenel from Mary by Poyntpn. Satf?7therefore, possesses several first-glass ndmsain hiSypfedigree, and his excellencfi&B; aooofmted for. > """v. H. Watson, who by results has proved himself one of our most successful trainers of cross-country horses, and- moreover' has ridden most of them to victory hjpaself, has heen presented b? his admirers with a valu able gold chonograph as a memento of his recent victories. The fall programme of the Echnca .winter meeting appears this week. ,1$ comprises five event* chief amongst ..them being the Winter Handicap of . 59 sdvs. • Ehtijes for ibis and thfe Morale Eaceatid. Ladiw Bmcelet clos^lththeaewtMT^r. J. St $L O'Brien, ^^e^mmerci^. ^hca,'hn the jTb? Bprfigo wm|^*taeeting ym not j*c« I haps so successful ^as nenal' frota • a wcing point of vie»i buttbhpecuniary reaulfwaSr I believe,, of a very safrffiKtory natpfr kJf&j; Wefeks was in good fWW,/, (for; taB.paiy, J*bl» Cooper and, Fusilier,,.won, their ,j»spectavo engagements easily, - toe former nppetttng ft great pot in Monarch, who was the represent tative of the B&Harat; division, and had the seryices of Corrigan.' T. Coffey keeps Allander nnon b,»H legs In a remarkable manner, "and the style in which he won the handicap proved that he had lost none of .his old brilliancy. Now that Hilltop has taken kindly to the jumping business Mr. M. Jacobs will probably b'e recompensed for the money he has expended upon this uncertain customer. Mr. Robert Howie scored another victory with Lenore, who is a most useful up-country plater, and I hope to see the Dowling Forest trainer with something better during the, coming season. I- hear that he has a promising couple of yearlings, which were purchased at the St Albans sale. William Day is very sarcastic in his refer ences to the English jockeys of the present day. Writing ,or the past he says" Who ever saw or heard oruhifney. Buckle, Robin son, Butler, or, indeed, any jockey of that day. riding horses in the gallops even for then own stables, much less for any other J These ignorant trainers were. even satisfied, with trying their horses with the lads who usually rode, them in, their everyday work. This Sir Joseph Hawley did, and a few. others., Indeed, in the present day a few trainers still adhere to the obsolete practice ; but a bad system, however well conducted,* is sure to come to grief.; .But as in most, things, so specially in the race for wealth or; money-making, the modern jockey has out stripped every other horseman, and effectually/ left owner and trainer behind him. He in the modem Croesus ; but a Croesus generous and liberal. I do not say that this liberality is exercised in the distribution of knowledge^,. which is better; for it enables him to add, greatly to his own fortunes. For valuable advice given in this way they are continually being presented with munificent sums; as witness the generous deeds of the American Walton, therenowned and amiable Theodore I Some owners, I am told, rather object to thin dissemination of useful, knowledge. They go so far as to say that it interferes with the Btate of the odds. Bat as theBe com plaints take the form of careless indirect comment, and not a face-to-face accusation,, we may take it that the jockeys are in the right; and that owners axe really fond of seeing their horses favoorites, and tacitly admit their pleasure at the fact that it should benefit every one else and not themselves.'* . As ' Artemus Ward would Bay, this . iff "sarkasm." I've always maintained that the ground south of the Yarra is far more suitable for the" purpose 'of training horses than that which is situated on the northern side. The soil Lb admirably adapted for forming race courses and teaming tracks, and its great advantage is that in wet weather it is always available. Between Caulfield and Mordialloc a great deal bf the land is a sandy loam, springy and porous, upon which the coucn grass grows abundantly, and forms a carpet like surface, which is excellent going foe horses in training. I notice that L Fouls ham has purchased three acres to the southward of the V. A.T.C. course, and he is erecting a cottage and spacious loose boxes for the re-' ception of the members of his string, who will be removed from Brighton when their new quarters are finished. An acceptance of 17 for the Hay Jockey Club Handicap is fairly good, and if 10 of these face the starter onr Riverina friends may look out for an exciting race. Ail Gold's perform an ess entitle him to the place hebaf been' awarded, but if Comua is the horn which has been figuring at various meetings in New Sooth Wales daring the season. Mri . Martin's three year old has no right to con cede him nearly 2at From the records £ find that a horse named Comas started IS times this season, and won 7. At Gunned ah he won a race of two miles, another of a mile and three furlongs, and a third of one mile and five fnrlongs. At the Bcga meet ting he carried off the Cap, the Town Plate^ and the Members' Handicap, while at Braid wood he won the Town Plate. At Bathurst odds of 3 to 1 were laid on him for a race, bat Bonnie Bee beat him, though Comae's jockey was suspended for the remainder of the meeting for some cause or other. If this be the same animal engaged at Hay he ought to win the big race, to which the club adds the very respectable sum of 250 sovs. Solo at 7st lib. also reads well upon paper, while for the Hurdle Race I like nothing so well as Student and Omadhaon. It isn't often that we see 54 entries for a 50 sovs. race, bat such is the fact in the July Handicap to be run at the Elsternwick-park meeting next Saturday. There is nothing first-class among them, it is true, but this only proves how necessary it is that we should have Moonee Valleys and Elstern wick-parks to provide prizes for the moderate horses of the day. The entry for the Hurdle Race is quite as extraordinary, for no less than 37 have been nominated. There are 16 in the Steeplechase, 10 in the Selling Hurdle Race, 13 in the Pony Trot, 15 in the Selling Steeplechase, and 30 in tire Elsternwick- par£ Handicap. Ellington, who was only on lease to the owner of Cerise and Bine, has been pur chased outright by Mr. Oxenham for 20Q. sovereigns. , The handsome bracelets to be ran tor at Canlfield this afternoon have been on view daring the week in the window of Messrs.; Young and Co., and have attracted consider-.' able attention, especially from tire ladies. A private letter from Mr. John Tait state# that tire veteran Australian turfite had been* greatly benefited by tire tnp, and when the; mail left be was in capital health. Amongst the recent improvements, at Flft, mington may be mentioned the laying of a' coating bf old tan and manure oft what was, wont to be a somewhat uneven part of the. straight ran, from tire five-furlong post to. crossing the tan. The tan will not only. bind, in the ruts, but the top dressing will ensure a luxuriant growth of grass. A turn or two of the heavy roller would atoo be beneficial. In addition to the horses mentioned last week as having been placed in Mr. T. S. Glib bora's hands for private sale, I notice that Archie, Warwick, and Privateer have been added; and, as Brown and Rose is to go to tbe stud, it would appear ae if Mr, A. F. Smart were going to discontinue racing All Gold stopped at Wagga, and will go on to Hay, where he is engaged ih the paa? cipal handicaps. - ' . ■/ ;. Mr. Co* has ismied a nioe. little progrt^bUL r - for the lOth of-dnly. It contains five event*, -t the firstbeingan Albaged Stakes tdtft sovs. for horses which have neverwonoifoee - 75sovb. inOn^atakA ft WiU - ---- — 8?b.,*threefeaia 7sL filjkv^PlW 7at eih,the witmex pffanr race to. penalty, with other penalties for wiato an anowsnoeo'ltSlb. "tor then' ftfitor W ^p3asl Selling Race OS 69 8098,, ml OaJsiwsto dicap of 75 so vs. Entries close on Monday, July 5. ' The Sale Turf Club has decided to hold a winter meeting on Thursday, July 29. The programme comprises a Handicap Hurdle Race, with £25 money ; Mile Handicap, £30 added; Selling Hurdle Race, £20 added; Steeplechase, £40 added ; Selling Stakes, £20 added. Nominations are due on July 7, the weights will be declared on July 13, and ac ceptances and general entries are due on July 23^ Mr Yowlea has been appointed handi capper. The yearling colt by Darriwell from Black Gipsy has been purchased by the Hon. W. Pearson, and will join Mr. F. F. D&kin;'a string. Messrs. Campbell, Pratt, and Ca announce that their annual parade, show, and sale of horses will commence at the City Horse Bazaar, Elizabeth-street, on Monday, the 3rd August An attempt has been made to prevent ex steeplechasers from taking part in the Hunt Club cups of the M.H.C., but I believe that at a meeting of the members on Wednesday it was determined to let things remain as usuaL I'm no advocate for steeplechasers being run in as hunters under false pretences, but the retired steeplechaser who has been legiti mately hunted ought not to be debarred. At Kirk's Bazaar on Tuesday, Messrs. Yuille and Co. (through Messrs. Campbell, Pratt, and Co.) sold Straight Shot to Mr. S. Nathan for 190 guineas, and Gasburner to Mr. C. Fane for 30 guineas. In the South Australian House of Assembly ob Thursday Mr. W. B. Rounsevell obtained leave to introduce a bill legalising the use of the totalisator. The bill specifies that the Government may license the totalisator to duly- recognised racing clube consisting of not less than 50 members, who subscribe two guineas annually to the club. The licence lee is to be 25 guineas per annum. The tota lisator may be used for not more than five days in any year under the auspices of any club, or more than ten days in any year on one racecourse situated within 20 miles of another which nses the totalisator. Only on* totalisator is to be used on any racecourse at one time. All the moneys are to be dis tributed amongst the investors, except the clubs commission, which is not to exceed 7£ percent on the gross amount passing through the instrument All the moneys retained by the club are to be expended on Btakes for the legitimate encouragement of racing. The second reading was fixed for Wednesday, but strong opposition to the measure was pro mised by several members. A. Ferguson arrived from Ballarat yester day, and brought Vet Again with him, and J. Scobie was accompanied by Argauthone. H. Hoystead also came to town with Pro blem and ArieL T. Corrigan will ride Terang at Caulfield to day. Ruby and Brown Eagle arrived from Ade laide on Thursday, in charge of George O'Brien, and they have gone to the Race course H'.t-d. The yearling colt by Darri well from Black Gipsy was a passenger by the same boat. Kanaka and St Leonards have arrived from Tasmania, and Mr. C. S. Agnew has crossed the Straits in order to spend the remainder of the winter in Victoria. fiookB have been opened on the V.A.T.G Bracelet, and Edith was backed at 100 to 10. the same price being accepted about Quintin Mateep and Essie, 100 to 8 Stafford, and 100 to 6 Tichborne. ScratchIS6S.—Y.AT.C- Hurdle Race—Yeronique, Brown Girl, Royal Maid, Black Diamond, Pyrrhns L, Connie Cad, Joey. Victoria Gold Cup—Kulkyne. Ladies' Trophy—Mozart, Hiddlemarch, St Odille, Wa terloo, Genoe, Joey. Open Steeplechase—Ladv Ashton, Clarence, Katire, Brown Eagle, Bracjman, Monarch. Richmond Handicap—Uosart, Hiddlemarch, Kohai, Silvemiine, Ringmaster, Acolyte, Genoe, Black Diamond, St Odille; 