WINSTO WE. BY MRS. LEITH-ADAMS, CHAPTER XZY.—{Concluded.) "Nothing; it is not his fatdt. I am weak and tired this morning; that la all." Bat no doubt Miss Pheemie eventually learned just how things had been, for ever afterward she made a sort ot fetich of Mr. Pettagrewj getting quite a pale salmon colour •whenever she met him, and casting shy, adoring glances at him when she thought no one was looking. They say that "the way to the mother's heart lies through the child," and in like fashion the way to Miss Pheemie's heart lay through that, faded, wretched woman, who was at once her mistress and her most dear charge. That Mr. Pettigrew and his Mend, a stranger to them, should dine : at Ardreggan, was, it may well be supposed, an event in the quiet, monotonous life led by the two women who composed its household. Of coarse, when I call their existence monotonous, I purposely overlook the variety afforded by divers outbreaks of temper on the put of Sir George,, aiid the howlings and stampings and •cursings of that potentate when any trifling matter overset' the balance of JUB content. £ I overlook these trifles for this reason; even variety becomes monotonous when constantly indulged in,. and like Murk .Twain's cow, descending matntinally upon the .breakfastta(4e these' fits of ungovernable rage became part and parcel of the Ardreggan routine. Miss Pheemie'e virgin breast was quite in a flutter as the all-important Friday grew to evening, and the hoar when the guests might be expected drew near, 'r She had jbeen made supremely, happy by ' the gift of a bit of almost priceless lace from Lady Jane that mornirg, and with this cob- ' webby {structure gathered about her thin , throat, and fastened with an amethyst brooch ..of .-ancient setting, seemed in her own eyes almost too gorgeously caparisoned—too manifestly set forth in her best, to try to dazzle the eyes of the man whom shedelighted to honour."- Mr. Pettigrew's unknown friend was in. her estimation a sort of moon . shining in the reflected light of the son. The domestic atmosphere of Ardreggan had been cleared the day previous by a severe storm. Lady Jane had, in consequence; retired shaking to bed at night, and now, having been benefitted by repose, •appeared in the "long drawing-room —as the state guesfi chamber was styled—certainly a shadowy, 'worn, and faded' woman, bat having about her a peculiar air of high-breeding and-refinement. She displayed a certain grace, too, in the wearing of an old-fashioned brocaded dress and marvellous airy folds of lace that looked as though woven in some fairy loom, were crossed and recrossed over her bosom. Her grey hair was folded back under a kerchief, also of the finest lace, and something like the very faintest smile, played round her lips. . Tor Sir. George was in a good humourthere could be no doubt about that—and was standing in the rampant fashion Englishmen are addicted to upon the hearthrug before the open grate, where a small pinewQod fire was pleasant enough in the freshness of the autumn night. The abomination of gas was naturally unknown in the . Ardreggan drawing-rooms. Old-fashioned sconces on the walls held .-waxen lights; tapestry curtains shaded the long row of windows that rah down one side of the room, each one casting a square of pale gloaming on the polished oak floor; for the blinds were still undrawn, and one star and a crescent, moon hung in a cloudless sky. Low down in the valley, and following the -course of the tumbling burn, lay close a faint white mist. The harsh, rasping note of the corncrake, and mournful cries from the heronry In the wood that stood blackly out in the dimness, mingled with the sound of the falling water, while above towered the massive pile of the castle, a soft flood of light shining like a welcome from its many windows. It was thus that William Snow first saw Ardreggan. "What a grand old place!" he said, enthusiastically, so his companion. Bat Pdham Pettigrew's attention was at that moment taken up in turning his high dogcart and spirited bays so cleverly into the avenue as to round the corner without leaving an inch to spare: so his reply was a sort of sound between a grunt and a growl. Another moment or two, and they swung round to the hall doors, the sound of the wheels making little Miss Pheemie's heart beat at least six times a minute over its usual rate. She puts up her shrivelled hand to the_ allimportant tucker, and gives the edge a little pinch here and there to make it sit more jauntily; she looks at my lady, calm, pale, shadowy, and for once peaceful — at Sir George, smiling, actually smiling, as he rubs his hands and watchee the door, anticipating the entrance of his guests. He has not long to wait. The Scotch servant announces " Mr. Pettigrew and Mr. Snow" (turning the o into an a, of course, as he utters this last), and the cherished idol of Miss Pheemie's simple heart, followed by his friend, enters the room. The faultless evening-dress, the pearl studs, plain as the plainest Betting can make them, the little high-arched shoes tied with broad black ribbons, the brilliant smile and genial greeting of Pelham Pettigrew to his host and hostess, are almost overpowering to Miss Pheemie. She gives quite a little gasp, and is too much engrossed in offering up mental incense at the amine of all thu-magnificence to notice the mistress of the house. Her ladyship has risen, and Btands with her hand in that of Pelham Pettigrew; but her eyes, suddenly dilated with an expression half wiBtful, half fearful, and wholly and most marvellously strange, look eagerly beyond to -where William Snow stands beside her husband, answering his warm and hearty greet- §?he stranger is presented to the hostess. For an instant he touches her hand—a hand whose deathly, lifeless cold strikes thriilingly to his. Ana she is silent; this strange, marble woman, whose face is set and still, -and yet whose eyes burn with a wondrous intensity, and hold his own by some irresistible power. She sinks back into her seat, and as she grasps the arms of the^chsir, he can see the " livid veins stand out on the transparent hands that seem to clutch at some support, as though all things around her grew indistinct—as though she Moved among a world of ghosts, And fdt herself the shadow of a dream. "Surely," thought William to himself, *' this poor lady is mad as well as sad." She seemed to hang upon the sound of every commonplace word that issued from his hps as though each held a verdict of life or death; yet still she maintained the same strange silence, and at last, just as he turned with a 8mile to answer some timid utterance of Miss Pheemie's, a cry rang through the room—an awful, pitiful, yearning cry—that might hare come from the weird lips of the kelpie himself, and my lady, who had risen from her chair, and stretched , out her arms as though to touch some phantom visible to her eyes alone, fell forward, and lay lifeless at the feet of the stranger guest. 