* TTHE HOMESTEAD. -'BY J. GREENLEA' VHITT5EOn. A''gainst'the Wooded hills it st~.ids'"' Ghoit of a dead home; staring through Its broken lights on austed lands Where old-time harvests grew. Unploughed, unsown, by scythe unshorn, The poor, forsoakn farm-fields lie. Once rich and ripe with goldeu corn And pale green breadths of rye. Of heathful herb and flower bereft, The garden plot no housewife keeps; Through weeds and tangle only left, The snake, its tenant, creeps. A lilac spray, once blossom-clad, Sways bare before the empty rooms; Beside the roofless porch a sad . Pathetic red rose blooms. His track, in mould and dust of droath,. .[" On floor and hearth the squirrel leavesl And in fireless chimney's moutith : His web the spider weaves. The leaning barn, about to fall, Resounds no more on husking eves;u,: No cattle low in yard or stall, SNo thresher beats his sheaves. - -;. So sad, so dear! It seems alniost \- Some haunting Presence makes its sign;, " That down yon shadowy lane some ghost- "., M l ight drive his spectral kine ! O-home so desolate and lorn ! Did all thy memories die with thee ? Were any wed, were any born, Beneath this low roof-tre.P. : ; Whose see the wall of forest brokose,:.;? -i: S And let the waiting sunshirne throughl ::., What good-wife sent the earliest smokre!-: Up the great chimney flue? . . . Did rustic lovers hith?er come? ? Did maidenis, swayiu?g back aisd forth,;;::i In rhythmic grace, at wheel and loom, '''' Make light their toilwith mirth?:. , ':. Did child feet patter on the stair P :- ' Did 'boyhood frolic in'thle snow?;:..: ! Did gray age, in her elbow chair, : Knit, rockifig to snd fro ? The murmuring brook, the sighing. biree.ze, i. 'I'he pine's slow whisper, cannot tell; Low mounds beneath the hemlock-trees Keep the home secrets well. Cease, mother-land, to fondly boast .I Of sons far off who strive and thbrive,:' Forgetful that each swarming host Mlust leave an emptier hive.l . ::i: -O w0 .nderers from ancestral soil. :,i-:-.?' Leave noisome mill and chafforing stoce, '1-: Gird up your loins for stuidiear toil;'," -', - And build the home once more! Come back to bayberry-scented slopes. And fragrant fern, and grdund.mat vine;, ' Breathe airs blown over holt and copse Sweet with black birch and pine. What matter if the gains are small SThat life's essential wants supply? : Your homestead's title gives you all T'hat idle wealth can buy. All that'the: many-dollared crave, Tbhe brick-walled slaves of 'change and mart . Lawns,.trees fresh:lair, and flowers, you have, 'I.ore' dlear for lack of art. Your own sole masters, freedom-willed, With'?idne to bid you go or stay, Till tie obld fields your fathers tilled, StAs manly men as they l With skill' that spires your toiling hands, ".. Aid cheuiic aid that science brings, Steclaim'the'waste and outworn lands, And reign thereon as kings! "Atlantic Mlonthly" for February. 