LONDON JOTTINGS. divorced persons prohibited to. marry — the fatal ring — relegated to the crown jewels — the un lucky opal and significant turquoise — the widowed regent — the white elephant found out — he lies in state— burmese ladies conceited —the fate of burmese mothers- in-law — the long and short of it— an executioner's fee— christmas a ghost — " waits "—an old carol— christmas shop- windows— how a duchess sold a. " prowler " — toole's daughter and her fiancee — chiromancy and its high priestess — assassin lines—" on 'change"— a knowing scot— a reconciliation. I begin to-day with a startling announcement, vital to society at large. It is this: — That the Chancellor of the Diocese of Lichfield has directed that no marriage license is to be granted to any person who has been divorced. Whe ther this decision will stand trial or not remains to be Been. The re-marriage of a divorced person is recognised whitewash where error is admitted or proved, and only a poor compen sation when the person has been sinned against. A singular story is told, in a French paper, about a fatal ring, ornamented with a large black pearl, surrounded by diamonds, which was on the finger of the King of Spain when he died. This ring Alphonso gave to his first wife, Mercedes, who wore it till she died. He then gave it to his sister, the Infanta Pilar, who also wore it till she died. After that event, the King put it on his own finger, and there it remained until he also died, when hiB widow, Christina, took it off, and placed it among the Spanish Crown Jewels, fearing to take it into wear herself. The Spaniards are a very superstitious nation ; yet few, I fancy, would care to possess such an appa rently fatal ornament. There is no particular superstition connected with black pearls, but there is with both the opal and the turquoise. The former stone is popularly believed to be very unlucky, and many strange instances are narrated of misfortune following its gift in a betrothal ring. Equally curious stories are told of the turquoise. Should anyone receive this stone as a gift, and it happen to change colour, or become of a greenish hue, it is said to be a sure sign of the faithlessness of the donor, either as friend or lover. Ignor ance and superstition are generally coupled, very erroneously, as many wise, as well as foolish, are imbued with the latter. the widowed queen-regent, christina, is not above this weakness, though highly trained in science and literature, Btudies she has continued since her marriage. She is in her twenty-seventh year. She has two children, and the prospect of a third. Although very few " enlightened " individuals are devoid of all superstition — sometimes a con vertible term for faith — enlightened countries repudiate the impeachment, and profess only to demonstrate fact. We, therefore, being specially advanced, loftily pity the darkness of the Burmese, who have lost their cherished deity, the white elephant, which, after all, is a fraud, and not white in the least. The animal died, and there was special application made for the removal of its remains to Mandalay for inter ment, a grace wisely refused, immediate interment being ordered. Before this took place, the sacred beast lay in state, our only tor a few hours, and no interference on eur behalf took place respecting its ceremonious funeral. The truth about white elephantB is simply this : — They are a sort of Mexican blue, the result of a skin disease. This disease Beems peculiar to the males, and begins when the animal is twelve years old. The first indication is a spot above the trunk, which spreads to the inner flap of the ears, and then over the body, which it takes two years to cover. This change of colour is regarded as a special mark of Divine favour, and £10,000 is readily paid by the King for any fair specimen. In no caBe is a real specimen allowed to leave the country. Burmah and India generally are often spoken of as one and the same country — they are essentially different. The Bur mese physiognomy is, in type, that of China and Japan, and the people are, in habitB and physique, totally distinct to the mild Hindoo or other nationalities in Hindostan. Burmese ladieB have scarcely a thought beyond their personal appear ance, and spend many more hours a day over their toilette than the most conceited English girl. Their hair alone occu pies them for hours. The ladies of the Koyal Household number some thousands, swelled considerably by mothers-in- law. Governors of provinces, and all degrees of State officials, have to send, as securities for good behaviour, a female rela tive, daughter, sister, niece, or mother. Failing these, mothers- in-law are negotiable, and so in this manner the astute Burman provides for that incongruous element in his home circle. Should he, however, be guilty of any misdemeanour, his surety is at once disposed of in a very summary manner. Beheading is a common mode of execution in Burmah— a more merciful process than ours of hanging, I venture to assert. Indeed, the rope often performs the former operation. An expert says fancy brought in the long drop, but he con siders it more merciful than the short one. By the latter, you are sufEocated ; the former breaks your neck, or decapi tates you ; anyhow, either is instantaneous. Berry, the pre sent executioner, is a tall, respectable-looking man ; a shoe maker by trade, as was Calcraf t. He is, however, independent of St. Crispin now. He gets £10 a head ; or, when there is more than one, £10 for the first, £5 for the second, and £5 for the third, and all his expenses paid. Berry has nerve. Ouida writes an eloquent appeal on behalf of muzzled dogs ; she tells some interesting stories of her canine favourites, of which she has a pack. One little creature, with a weakness for partridge, was given a wing after it had dined, so it wrapped up the dainty bit in a newspaper, using its nose and paws, hid it under a sofa, and then, like the good wee doggie it was, took its walk abroad. Returning with an appetite, it opened its package, and enjoyed its contents. M. Pasteur announces his willingness to take all patients, bitten by mad dogs, sent to him from the provinces. This is genuine testing. There is an institution in our midst that is slowly, but surely, dying out ; and that is Christmas. The jovial season is now only a ghost of its former self, and echo of a dimly- remembered past. Truth to tell, the modern waits, like the street organs, are generally paid to move on. In country villages, they meet with a kindlier welcome, and should the memorial eve be shrouded in snow, beneath the " moon's unclouded grandeur," the pence will rain freely from hastily opened windows, and here and there the wailing chorus will be taken up, and carried away, as it were, on the still air. The only adverse greeting will be, perchance, a wandering dog's protesting bay, addressed alike to the full moon — his special antipathy — and the commemorative melody. There is, though, something weird in being awoke at dead night, when the snow is on the ground and the wind sharp from the north, by voices, not always in unison, singing under your window, clear and high, the same song sung in old Whitehall precincts when the King and court held mumming and revelling, in commemoration of the holy birth, the last verse of which runs — The darling of the world is come, And fit it is we find a room To welcome Him. The nobler part Of all the House here is the Heart. Chorus — Which we will give Him, and bequeath This Hallie and this Jvie wreath, To do Him honour, who's our King And Lord of all this revelling. The earliest Christmas carol was the " Gloria in Excelsis," the well-known hymn sung by the angels to the shepherds at our Lord's Nativity. The shops are a sight to behold this week. Not a window but displays some tribute of ornament or novelty. In Bur lington Arcade, the show is dazzling. A duchess passing through the array stopped to look at a peculiarly fascinating bonnet. She was joined by a " prowler '' — Her Grace being more than ordinarily good-looking. The gentleman asked — " Did she admire the bonnet." "She did," was the reply. " Would she like to have it." " Yes." " Might he buy it for her ?" " Yes." In they went together, and the bonnet was bought and paid for. " Where is it to be Bent ?" asked the prowler. " To my house and with these words the duchesB gave her name and address. The prowler made tracks, a wiser if a sadder man. The duchess gave him a spirited lesson. Young Huntley Macarthy, M.P., only son of the greater Justin, M.P., is soon to marry Toole's only daughter, and, since the death of his gifted son, only child. The young lady is very graceful and pretty, and the young gentleman is, too, extremely good-looking and talented. He is the putative father of " The Candidate," and is, in his outer performance of the title rdle, as successful, it would seem, as the play. Chiromancy, palmistry, and physiognomy are becoming social nuisances. Miss Rosa Baughan, the well-known writer on these subjects, and expert as well, whom I meet at social gatherings, is always surrounded by eager inquirers into their fate 1 Hand after hand she " tells " off with singular accuracy, if you are to believe the owners, who generally look good all over. Mis3 Baughan was intimate, at one time, with the gentleman who pushed his wife over a precipice in Switzer land, and, years before that event, she told him that he had assassin lines— red lines— on his hand, and would either be a murderer or be murdered. Look out for red lines — like red lights, they tell of danger. A comedy that through sheer merit has taken hold of the public, and bids fair to retain its hold for a very long run, is " On 'Change," produced by Miss Eweritta Lawrence and Mr. William Duck. Mr. Felix Morris, as the old Scotch savant, is a " killing " creation. He believes only in himself and his wonderful 'cuteness, and thinks it a very easy thing to make a fortune in the city. His expression, as he scans the money article, keeps the house in a roar. His fatuous conceit, under-rating the talent required by other men to make a fortune, is a keen satire on human nature. The fop is excellent, being free of exaggeration ; and Miss Lawrence, as the pseudo-heroine, is charming. There are two companies ready for the provinces, where, I am confident, the play will meet with the success such an original and clever production deserves. It is the season of peace and good-will to all men, and fol lowing the good old custom, two who had somewhat drifted asunder have come together again, with what mutual advantage remains to be seen when the tug of war begins. With a genial recollection of his kindly reception in the land of his nationality, I think I hear the G.O.M. say — And here's a han', my trusty frien', An gie's a han' o' thine ; We'll tak' a right gude willy-wacht For days o' Auld Lang Syne. Zinoo. " Waiter, can you bring me a nice young chicken, smoth ered in onions 7" " No, sah. We doesn't kill 'em dat way, sah. We cuts off der heads." A footman, proud of his grammar, ushered into the drawing- room a Mr. Foote and his two daughters, with this introduc tion — " Mr. Foote and the two Miss Feet." Several of our young men of fashion have, it is said, lately adopted the plan of having their clotheB made without pockets, and, as their tailors allege, for the " best possible reason." An Englishman made the following return to the Income- Tax Commissioners : — " For the last three years my income has been somewhat under £150 ; in future it will be more precarious, as the man is dead of whom I borrowed the money." " Half-a-Crown !" exclaimed Count Ramsackle to cabby. " Dat was schwindle." " It's the regular fare," said the cabby, " but seeing you're a furriner I'll take two and sixpence." " Goot 1" exclaimed the count, it was widout bossibility to sheet me." " That article you had in last week's paper was the funniest thing I ever read," said a lady to an editor. " It would make a dog laugh. I thought my husband would split his sides." In 1985. " James, just look at the register and tell me where it is fair weather this morning." "It is very nice in Minnesota to-day, sir." " Well, get the Ariel ready. Have dinner at seven sharp. Say I have gone to St, Paul," 