Rumor has it that Kenny M'Lean, the well known Scotch -minstrel of Ghin Ghin has thrown away the pipes in dis gust, and taken to Moody's and Sankey's hymns and *'The Pilgrims Progress-' The reason of this secession of national principles is that at late social gathering in the district, two well known ' sons of the soil' would persist in dancing a jig while Kenny ... was contributing 'Miu:Pherson's Lament' in a manner that made every collie in the district, express mingled sorrow and admiration in melancholy and ghastly howls. A few days ago a son of Mr M. Ryan of Sunday Creek bad a very narrow escape from l-e5ng bitten by a black snake. He was engaged pulling some straw from a stack and actually drew out the reptile in a handfulL The snake dropped on the ground, and tried to get back to the old quarters, but a well directed blow from a convenient waddy put an end to its earthly troubles before tile stack was reached. The remains of the late Mr M. Lynch of Puckapunyal were interred in the Seymour Cemetery on Friday. Deceased who was an old resident of the district was a good-natured unassuming man, popular with everyone who knew him. During the past few weeks a regular raid of trespassing working bullocks has been made on nearly every paddock at - the lower end of Seymour. No doubt the various drivers think such midnight foraging is the very acme of smartness ; but there is an ugly aspect to the picture. According to the Criminal Law and Practices Statute, any person caught a second time knocking down a fence, must be imprisoned for a term not exceeding twelve calendar months. In the classic words of an unknown poet, the offending bnllock drivers might ask themselves 'Is the game worth the candle ?' Mr John Finn of ' Magic Ointment' notoriety is likely to be classed amongst the immortals by the simple minded stock riders and whisky drinking station hands in the Murrumbidgee district. A few years ago an old cook named Jimmy Mulvihill was employed on a station near Seymour. He got drunk every Saturday night, and on one occasion fell in the fire, and was badly burned. He felt like giving up the ghost, but was induced to try a pot of the magic ointment, which he did with the effect that In two dayB he was all risht. Twelve months later, he packed np his swag, which amongst other odds and^ ends contained a dozen pots of the ointment, and made for New South Wales. He got a job on oue of Tysons stations ; and all went well until one day, a new baud missed his footing on a plank ina dropped to lys waist in a vat of boiling tallow. He was at once picked out, and his clothes were removed , but with them the skin on lower portion of body and the legs all peeled off. The hands were for reading the burial service, and getting drunk ; but Jimmy-knew better. He ordered three fresh sheepskins to be cut in strips of about two inches in width, and having painted the unfortu» nite man with the ointment, he bandaged him with the strips of .sheepskins, . gave him a pint of rum and let him rest for three days. At the end of that time, he tried to remove the strips ; but they had grown on to the flesh; and stranger still the wool commenced to grow a few days afterwards. Since then the man has been regularly shorn, and returns eight pounds of good crossbred wool every season. Pass cn to the next please. We would draw the attention of local members to the fact that there is a nasty hole in decking of small culvert near the Tallarook railway gates on the Seymour road. If the matter is not attended ? to at once a serious buggy accident may be the result. Those persons who are in the habit ;of taking exercise by walking along the railway line in the neighborhood of Tallarook would do well to avoid Mr Michael Flyn. That genial official has just been empowered to prosecute all offenders found trespassing on the 'Victorian railways in his neighborhood; he is also permitted to impound trespassing cattle, aud destroy goats, geese or pigs found within the sacred precincts nominally ruled by Mr Speight. _ It Mr Flyn wishes to become proficient in the execution of the last mentioned work, he ought to come up and take instructions from the Seymour Rifle Club. If he does, the goats and pigs need not trouble themselves about the immediate future. We regret to learn that Mr R. Fitz gerald of Seymour met with a severe accident while returning from Kobyboyn a few days ago. He was driving a young horse ; and when descending a hilly portion of the road near Mr Jeffeiy's house, the animal got restive and turned off the track. Mr Fitzgerald appears to have lost his presence of mind ; and the horse immediately afterwards bolted in amongst the timber, collided with a dead tree and smashed the trap into splinters. Mr Fitzgerald was thrown insensible on the ground, and remained unconscious for about a quarter of an hour ; but we are glad to say no bones were broken, so that a few days rest will probably see him sufficiently recovered to resume business. The Pharmacy Board of Victoria must have some powerful political influence. All the other trades and professions bave to band themselves together and devise some means of protecting their interests in every matter concerning their business ; but the Governor-in- Council looks after such matters for the chemists and druggists. If a bottle of patent medicine contains the thousandth part of a drop of tincture of opium, Sir Henry Loch declares that it must not be sold by a storekeeper ; aud so on with every article that is supposed to be connected with the colouring of any poisonous matter. If the chemists and druggists were com peted to keep a register of the sale of these harmless medicines, there would be some sense in the unwarrantable inter ference ofthe Government ; but i-uch is not done, so IhaFTtTs apparent to all the . system is but a piece of political trickery fooled off as : legislation on a credulous people, ' Following notices are from last issue of the '(Jezette.' — Licenses approved. — A- M'Williams, 120a, Switzerland; A. Lobb, 80a, MitohelL Leases. — M. A. Leech, 55a, Yea ; M- Arthur, 69a, Puckapunyal. Transfers. — J. Cuthbert, 320a, Glenburnie to E. J. Turner. C. ' II. Kilner, 132a, Woodburnie to T, 1 Sableberg. Licenses refused. — R. Green, 300a, Windham 9 S. Brace, 300a, do ; T. C. Waddell, 342a, Yea ; H. M | Lawrence,, 230a. -Trawool; T. Gaupt, 300a. WorrougU ; T, G. 3ollas, 230a, Trawool : P. Green, 350a, Dropmore ; M. J. McPhee, 230a, Trawool ; C . Stafford, 350a, Droprtkore ; T. M'Donagh, 320a, do ; T. BT. Plane, 3L5a, Ruffy ; M. P. Ross, 740a, Northwood ; E. Maher, 230a, Trawool ; H. Baser, 573a, j Broadford ; W. Eummer, la. Yea6 ; H. Cummingham, 600a, Kerrisdale ; M. Underwood. 342a, Yea ; T G. Tresider, 342a, do : T. G. Quinlan, 342a, do ; G. Drysdale, 300a, Windham ; W, P. Dunn, 158a, Yea 7~ M. Dunn, 158 i, do; M Green, 350a, Dropmore ; W. Zwar, 194a, Broadford. The Lands department invite tenders for grazing block 2826, containing 188 acres between the Sydney road and the Western boundary of the township of Avenel. This matter is quietly buried in the dead pages of the 'Government Gazette' iri order Tliat the general public night 'know nothing about it The little dodge doeB not succeed, so Sor as the Seymour district is concerned, however. Nor would it anywhere else if a few more provincial journals . would substitute independence for fawning servility. \-- There are three steers and a bull, all marked on off ear, impounded at Kil more, to be sold on 30th inst., if not previously claimed. We have received a letter from the the secretary of the shire of Broadford, denying that that -bsdy - had any inten tion of not meeting during September, and further stating that the finances of the council were by no means em barrassed on that date, so that there was no responsibility to be evaded. On Monday evening Mr Dan Barry's well-known Dramatic Company will open in Perron's Hall with the sensational drama, 'His Natural Life,' founded on the premier novel of the late Marcus Clarke. The piece abounds in thrilling incidents, illustrative of early life in the colonies ; and the scenery which contains realistic views of bygone colonial institu tions, was expressly painted for the occasion. We hope to see Mr Dan Barry welcomed by a large and apprecia tive audience. A committee meeting was held at local Free Library on Wednesday evening. Present : — Rev. Mr MacFarlane in chair and Messes Tristan, Renou, Purcell Mulligan and Fjiller. Mr Fuller reported that new books had been pur chased to extent of £10 4s 2d, which left balance in bank of £7 14s lOd, besides which librarian had £1 2s 6d in hand. Ail account of £2 19 6d for papers was passed for Mr O'Callaghan. and Mr Fuller was instructed to again order discontinuance of 'Queenslander I' Mr Fox was elected hon. treasurer in place of Mr Bilton ; and Rev. Mr Brown was elected to vacancy on committee. Mr Tristan suggested that three new lamps be purchased. Mr Mulligan moved that such be done, and that old ones be sold. Seconded by Mr Purcell and carried. Mr Mulligan also moved that sub committee be reappointed to make arrangements for publishing a catalogue. Agaeed to. Some more business of a routine character was transacted and meeting was adjourned. The bazaar in *id of Christ Church was formally opened by Mr Sauds M L A at 3 o'clock -00 yesterday. The building was tastefully decorated with evergreens, and the stall was beautifully arranged with the thousand -and one articles to be. seen at all such popular lotteries. The ba zaar was in charge of Mesdaxnes Ray. Renou, Redford, Bishop, Green, Conneil and Miss Wallder with a bevy of fair assistants. On yesterday week a girl going from a Melbourne Industrial School to service at Modrowna, states that the guard' on Goal burn Valiey line entered the carriags twice, and' took' liberty with her. The police have issued a summons against the guard, but the Bailwaf Authorities so far have remained- blind as dead. bats. . Great sur prise is expressed that the guard should have been allowed to remain on duty, while such a serious charge is pending. Each of our local justices takes a different view of drunk and disorderly conduct. One day last week, Thomas Kelly faced Mr Lyster, charged with this Offence, and was discharged with a caution. : Next day Lewis ^Nicholas was brought before ' Mr Guild on a similar .charge and ^ned 5s j and next day again Thos. Richardson stepped before Mr Howard charged with same offence, aud was fined 2s 6d and 2s 6d costs. Verily drunk and disorderly conduct wants defining. A local land sale conducted by Mr E. Welch, was held at Seymour ou Tuesday,' when .the {following lots were dealt with as under. — Lots one to four in township of Broadford passed !in ; -lot 5 knocked down at upset. Lots six, .seven and eight in townships of Avenel, knocked down to Mr II. Shelton at upset ; lot nine bought by Mr J. Clarke at upset Lot ( ten, containing 319 acres in the parish of Ruffy 1 sold at upset ; and lot eleven, comprising 79 1 acres at Northwood also disposed of at upset. Lot twelve at Northwood passed in. Lot , fourteen containing ten acres in parish of Kerrisdale knocked down to Mr M'Kenna at j £2 5s per acre, Mr Moyle officiated as J auctioneer. A meeting of the Seymour Water Trust was held in Perron's Assembly Hall on Monday evening, Com. Wallder in the chair. A com munication was received from Mr Fennelly, with reference to remuneration for position or engineer : but it was held over for next meet ing- The Trust decided to inspect the whole watershed of the Tallarook ranges on Friday ; and ill the meantime, the hon. sec. was in - structed to get a valuation of property within i proposed area. | The Violettown Cadets will visit Seymour I to-morrow to try conclusions with local team ? at the Rifle Club butts. Mi Bishop and the I Tiolettowu captain are both confident of suc i cess, so that disappointment severe and bitter, 1 will be felt on one side or the other before I Saturday's sun disappears behind the western horizon. 