Pnrls. ** CFrrym ottr own ? GorresvondcnV j . \- 4 June 19. t Money, is tfio sinew of wai, -;nnd of t tanat making. Jn^t now, de Lesscps la experiencingj that it is mure difliculf to obtain capital, , tlian to arrange 'the .differetioo in -^eYel forrifm'wfttcry high tray, between the two oc'errns, dr to conqug^he freaks of tho river Charges. M. de Freycinet hss at last made up his mind to cover the Panama entr-rprim I trith the regis of- France. The Govcrn \ tnent has submitted a bill to the VYrttantntat* onf rv i!m /^/jvt.al Pnm. pany to issue new capital, on the ? 'tott6ry*principlo — redemption of bonds with the bait of prize drawings. This \- ia not hopeful as tut outlook. The, in troduction of the 1 ill wns welcomed' with nnything hut murks of favor, nor is.it at nil certain, that the guarantee asked for, will be voted. Th ,t Uanquo's ghost, Mexico, is ever I eforc the eyes of tt-e'deputies ; Mexican bonds, thanks fo ' the Due eiiy. who was in the swim, ?shotpup-Jike' a rocket ; but they fell 50%, but- is, descended like the Stick, when TJricle. Sam put his foot down oh the project of Napoleon III to occupy Mexico, uh^er the guise of pro specting, 'protecting, or Lit in— race planting, Central America. France is not at all in tho humor for .. --jo vesting her savings in foreign invest ments ; her people have been since three fekn too living on their capital, so it is : qtiestionnble, if the country be now as rich as formerly it was reputed :to be; BtUlions upon millions have been sunk ' ? lit house building, in unhealthy com „'-e-.metce and industry — speculations about Si . remunerative as Spanish bonds. ' Trade is bo persistently stagnant,, that there being little business there can be . _ Jittlc profit, and concurrently, establish ments have to be. kept up, and indis 1 pensable employefes retained . though really having got no work to do, as certain 'horses In a stable, eating each f , Other's heads off. *' The last fourth of the Fanatna 'shares which run up and down like the mercjiry in a weather gtaiv*, uiuat, suuu ue v.tnvu lor ; tins win go, not to. so much defray the current expenses of the works, !as to finance the new paper thrown on the market. Public opinion will likely not permit the Government catching up any private \- enter prixe, even , indirectly, no matter -what amount of trumpet blowing be , Indulged in, -either in the way of patriot ism or pnffs. - Geld may be bought too dear. -Put in a tight place to pay com. tractors, who must have ready money, the Shareholders, who also are tho chief proprietors of the Suez Canal scrip, will \- be forced to place such on the market, ~ . to rake the wind, when England if she likes can bny them in, ana so become thn Canal Company. Then, the transit rates through the Suez canal would be largely reduced, to encourage Indian ? tknd Australian products. This may be the way_a popular prediction perhaps is . ^.toite realised ; that the casting vote-on . — ^ thh 8uex Council Board will be ulti-' ? ri nusuiuHlir. For the moment, however, Austra lians have to look nearer home. The question of the New Hebrides is ugly, and can rapidly become grave, - The ex pedition fiom New Caledonia, bo secretly fitted, out; setting rail with : . sealed orders ; landing troops, unfurling the tricolor — all that smacks of business, and the making of one's self at home. Yet the treaty between England and France, debarring either power from occupying the islands, is so explicit, so recent, that even in this 'age of tearing up of inconvenient treaties, of Russian fins**'., of -'land-grabbing, of punlfjiipg natives for outrages, and then remaining to protect, or annex them after tho castigation, one can hardly believe France wcu'-d deliberately provoke a serious misunderstanding with England. JJAs yet, opinion here has not ex pressed itself on the new difficulty pre pared for the republic; and the most actions it cottld encounter, would he, the 'gratuitous offending of a first- class power. It is- surmised, that behind the :? cession of New Hebrides, or the con vivsnceat their annexation l.y' France. England has a secret compensation; just a- she winked at the protection of Tunisia, to punish the Kioumiis, as a Write off for hsr own occupation of Cyprus. M, de Freycinet too is 'devilish sly, tiir,' but 'liat game docs not always succeed with him. , Ho may play tho New Hebrides card, to stir the English out of Egypt, or may continue it -so long as to involve. the good rela tions between Australia and the mother . country, and so induce a collapse in the Imperial federation acl erne. There is ? Blili the not. unlikely motive, to force England into a kind of joint ownership of the New Hebrides, bk. Bismarck com pelled bsr to knuckle down. in the care of New Guinea. 'That . acpomplkhed,, France would claim jtbe rigtif&Iike; the' Duke of Norlhumbefland, to do what ehe liked with her own. On tho Con tinent, so weak in the knees ai d back bone is England viewed, that if shu bo , only sufficiently badgered and bullied it .'is believed you can oblain whaC you like from bar — even to. lloiim Rule. 'Russia too, only .waits for the moment of a complication between Fr-mcearid England, to revenge Inir defeat in , Bulgaria, '?-' The .solution ' of the Now Hebrides imbroglio' largely rests with Australia, If hIio be divided'on the course to adopt, ?, .. it is bettor 10 lot matters slide at once. * ' Jf *lio remain united, shu has only In *i- ' comer' the mother cuuntiy into plain * speaking, nnd vigorous resolution, In \- older - to prevent the question from be coming deplorable. Fiance cannot exist in the Houtlierii I'neKie, . with an uu ' friendly or I oslilo Australia, for neigh .hof. Then 'Australians ? being model n, business men, eapablo of seeing through milestones its w'-IJ as any, dijilomntists, may resent lln- French' llug being hoislcd over New Hebiide-, and u. ay not allow f reach tdt'ps to touch at any Auslraliuu ? 'ports. Will t the -rnqthar. couutry^b^ ~up' tho giatit infant' : tn' hCr, manifest destiny? Once in-, possession- of the islatids, nothing could prevent France from shipping herb 'best';recidmstes from New. Caledonia, as. the pioneers for her 'worst' habitual criminals, ..ex ported direct from the Continent, : People do not swallow anything ugly, without making such wny '' faces, as would secure tho fortune of a photo, grapherwho eould fix the grimaces. The Senate' is in such a position respecting i lie bill sent np to it from the'-Chamber of. Deputies for tho expulsion of the princes, The fathers will ' consent to vote it, after all their vowing they would' never consent. ? And public opinion will neither., curse, them nor bless them for so 'doing, being perfectly indifferent whether four; or forty princes bo*, sent out of the land. Any public opinioh'iri France at the present moment is ihe.ffcduct of professional politicians, and -Jne newspapers they influence, or own. s-Ttie real pnlse of the country cannot be felt, as the institution of open air meetings, in addition to not being in fashion.' are illegal ; hence do riot exist. There Is a kind of Brahmah resignation abroad, a creeping cqmotase condition, provoked by chronic disappointment at the ? cloud of commercial and industrial depression not lifting. In the way of securing posts and' pensions, business is brisk.; An onslaught' is now being made on tho Ministries of Finance and Foreign Affairs, to clear these offices of all anti-republieans. Tho game; is not at all new, and is common to all parties. 'The' Exhibition project inigbt'inore on more rapidly. . The . only two .parts Ol tne iaea to De regHrueu uo uwcwi, hio the Babel Tower, copied, but never ac knowledged, from the; Philadelphia re jected ornamentH for the centennial, and a model of the Bastille as it Was in its haleyon days'. The structure on the Champ de Mars, 'will likely have a horse-shoe form, and ei. low - gallery will be introduced to double space. The in terior of the building will be gridironpd by electric tramways, that will also do duty asy ' lifts,' to the gallery. The central alley will be a vast garden, de voted generally to attractions of the amusing nn'd recreative kind. ' Pleasure and business' will be the presiding duties, 