EOIOElS O MELBOURNE. (BYrTui Gnosr.) Politics for the nonce are shelved. While on the one hand Ministers are busily engaged in preparing the usmesures to be submitted to Parliament on its useot-I ing in Tuno next, the Opposition are util ising the dead season in organising their forces and selecting a loader. The public, however, show little interest in the im- t ponding strugglo between the "ins" and r the " outs," attention being at present concentrated on the proposed cossion to I France by Great Britain of the Now t Hebrides. Since the days of the anti transportation agitation in Victoria, never perhaps has any question not immediately of a domestic kind provoked such an intoens feoling anid if Mr. Gladstone is weak enough to allow this "crowning instult" to be offered to Australssia, hIe will indeed have dose much towards indeol. nitely postponing the Imperial federation, of which hiscolleagng Lord Rosebery o was wont when on his visit to us so eloquently to discourso. Moetings to protest against the cession to France of territory discovered by English navigators, and in redeessing which from savagery and cannibalisnm, British blood and British treasuro have t been ungrudgingly poured out, ars to be 1 hold in the chief centres. of.: populations. The Australian Natives' Association are vicing with the old identities in passing resolutions protesting against the outrage I the mother country contemplates perpo- 1 trating on the most loyal portion of her outlying possessions. WYere Australia unanimous, even the Gladstone Ministry v would hardly dare disregard her united t voice; but unfortunately Noo Zealand is v usos-aros over this atter, and Now Southls Wales, for reasons best known to herself, ( favours the occupation of the Now lie brides by a foreign power. "sThe sister colony "-as Victoria is in the habit of t styling her eastern neighbour-has turned j traitor to the causeof Australian interests, 9 andi as in the case of Noew Guinea, whenls Sir Alexander Stuart ansi his colleagies made secret representations to the I Colonial Office that the annex ation of Now Guinea would not meet with her approval, again hiss Now f, South Wales shown her willingness to t allow posseosisos which by right of (is- I covery, prior occupation, and proximity to our shores, undoubtedly form part of Aus- I tralisia, to be sartered away to the Fore igner. Or cins it be tha fiollow- fooling which b ,ths poet tells us makes iss wondrous kind, C prompts the oldest of the Austrilisn sroup a of colonies to hold out the right hand of a fellowship to the teloury of ]Prance, and si that this nction of Victoria's neighbosrs is t, due to the old taint, which his not yet I had sullicient time to become extinct in i her population it Thia- old proverb anent faniil- a iarity brcedi:ng contempt is roeeiving a is new illustration in connection with the fi Factories Act. Not content with fixing & the penalties for its infringement by do- 11 failtisg shoophopers who evade the law i sy kopisug open until " all hours," at 5 ridieuiously small sumis, the Melbourno ti City Council has granted permission to all 1. applicants who have expressed a desire to y, do so, to keep their shops open long beyond of the legal hours. Already has a long list of exemptions been framed and this has L, recently beun strengthened by the inolu- ft sios of drapers, clothiers, watchmakers, ti jowollrsra, boolcoolloro, susbrella-makers, el secsind hand goods dealers, and pawn- as brokers. Nover arpasps, on siy previous t1 occasion, has any law bsen so systimatl- ast cally not aside. And as out of evil good I1 sometimes arise, perhaps our legislators to will learn from the want of success that has attended their effort to compass by legislative means, as and thint should have bean gained by " moral ssasion," to limit their labours in the direction of passing "grandmotherly" statutos, and not on- it deavour to interfere with the liberty of W the subject 0o dear to all British comms - ti nities, as they have undoubtedly done in l1 the Factories and Waorkshops Act. It has lately besn made apparent that 11 not only is Victoria " Paradiso for the working man," but that Many of the do lights of Eden can there be compassod also, by the man who does not work. The insolvency of Mr. 11. Mortimers' rsranklyn, the projector of the Victorian Rleview, the Fedlral Australian, and thi i lWorld nowspaper. In his oxamination before the insolvntt court, that Tantloiusan t admitted that, landing is Victoria with a , capital of twenty-foer shillings, lis had been able during a eareor of ten yearsn 1' Victoria to live at the rate of between "soven hundred and fifty and eight hundred pounds a year," and contract debts to the tuna of upwards of thirty thoussand pounds. In connection with this sosoowhat extraordinary cse two thingsssra apparent. A Firstly, that "running " noiwsapora is not i all boar and skittles to those who embark 3 their capital in such enterprioss, and, i secondly, thit the colony of Victoria is usia of the cheapest spots in the world a - mas of siains can solect is is residence. Although Mr. Franklyn kept four car riagos, live servants, and is stud of horses, his annual expenssas only rneched the modest assiss lie named I Whenit sll barse in msind that Mr. Franklyn during his ton C years of tosildnceo in our midst was spend ing "otler people's sionsy," his modem tion is indeed worthy of the highast cons mendation. Mr. Peter Csupbhll, widely known throughout the Australian colonies is the " bush missionary," is once more before o the public. After for souss years peramn bulating the colonies ios an itinerant preacher of the Gospel and temporance it loeturer, in an evil hour about two years b since he decided upon taking to himself i 1s Is wife. The matrisonial lines of the rev sroand gentleman did not fall in pleasant placos, and after a fortnight's experience of wedded bliss ho was brought before the police Court by ils blushing bride charged with cruelty, and in default of finding t suretics to contribute the sum of ton ssil lings weekly towards the support of his " bettor Isilf," lodged iin her Majesty's gssoi in Melbsourac. hloleasadonpromsisisig I after a tsoenty isoontis' isscsrcoristioss to comply willh the osdar far sissiintieiisss, his liberty was list sharI liwed. Alsis for ltsa blls ribbon I 'Its wearer, lisa strong issvoighscr agisinst farsoanted and opiritouss liquor, was founid luy a " gentlesssus ins blus," raclining prosno in lbs gssttor, isnd onco more iogcd in duranca vilo, next nioroing dealt with by lisa nigistrates at lisa City Poiico Coisrt after lishie ccustomcd I sod limo hionorurd fishiion, Gnu ia~set of Me, Campbell's easa lo somuwhsis cisriosso, and certainly goes fuse to disisroys lisa Ihseorics of Ihsosa whso consido lhat isspris nonsent is calcuilsted to exert a rcforssiog infissenca, This arsatie gentlusons wsho " in Isis tniso" has pilayrd "mossy parts" esiterod ltse portisis of thi psrison iso is Minioter of lise Goopul and a teototisllar. his emserges only to gothicastly drunle, sssd to dcscrilau hsimsolf ini thu watchs-hsousu chsisge nsheat iso " a freatlioughst leeturer! It would almost aphuer iso if crimo like smssll-lsox, measles, and thu otlier ills to whicisheales is heir weera epidesnii. 'The newo of lisa defalcistions of thu oikials of lisa lank of Souths Auotrshin has hardly hueen muds pisblic, beforea is issiar scandal occors in conneclioss wills lih City of Mel bourna hunk in Vicloriss, aod lta he Bak of New Zusilsnd io Sydney. 1'erhisps this lenient manner in whsicis ths culprits or conviction are deaslt with by theajusdges sony lhase suometlsing to do seith thsesa gigantie robberies. Apart froms the loas of chisarneter whsichs a sentence entails on ito recipiheot, two 3-ears isuplriason usent iso is psunnishisnent far cisbezzlissg £00000 alilesirs a ridiculously inisseisuet puniesamcnt, and there ions be in neusrly s'rery coissuinity, qusiteusnisusslerof peopsla psrepaired to go sint tise retiryesinst of us goal for lunger ar ,hert-r periods, irhes such reti:ement is solace-s 51 the rsste of £04100 per isnsnsm. Whsila tise Iwohpi of New South, Wales and South Austrahiss are losdlychsssousring for work ho do, lisaoperstires of Meluosirse arecsqually leoud in thueirgrsusblingsof b.iing overwoerked, 'hue latest proteot of the ilio-n trodden labouris that of the operations of the Messrs. Miller's cordial factory. The handsntruckbecause theywereaskedtokeep expeuuive machinery, costing £00,000, going during fifty-four hours in each week, instead of during forty-eight hours, which they deemed a soulicient time. Timely con cessions on both sides averted what at one period of the dispute, threatened to be a total nuspension of the works. As rope makers, the Messrs Miller doubtlcos, were aware of the proverb anent giving wilful persons rope enough, and were thos enabled to end the strike by acting in accordanco with the proverbial injunction. 