The Alterations in theHail way Timo Table* In conncctioti with tho nUcrutions in the 'running of tho.trains in oonjimctioa with thu 4 ghosts to Iciuw'Sydney nnd Newcastle (it: 5 'o'clock p.m., thoro >:ct:ms to bo evory prot- ability of matters being nrranged eathfne torily so far w Sinclaton in concerned, On Wodaesdny Inst, Mr Gould, AI.LA., wired that ho b.td bgou tbo Minister ro chiingoa in , tho timetable, and ,ho tbougbt all would bo eettlod astisfaotorily. On thi>. same evening bci wrote :—" The pio?f of tho new timo table was inpriut -showing the traina to tbo 11 p.m. boats us only running to nnd,from Mnitlnucl; tlvi tbrough'mail to leave Nowcustlo at mirt- I'cncbiug Singleton- at 2 a.m., and leaving Siu?leton forJS , owca'tleatl2.lj p.m. mid- day, runcbiup Newcastle_at g.15 p.m. for the 5 o'clock boat.' All tho mall triiiue meet nt Werris Oreek'at 7.10 o'clock in. the morning. Tho mail train lo'?vingTamworth ut G (i in., aud reaching Tnmworth from Nowoaetlo ahout >throe hourn laicr. 1 liad a 1\ ng ? intsrviow * wiin?JJMr Lyne, who teally Eoeraed willing to do a<l ho could, with which view he telegraphed '"to Mr Iliggs, Tralliis Manager, aud I tluuk wo arc ftlwost certain to have thu morniug ' train extended t'j ?? Singleton, i>robAbly io Mubwollbroolc, nnd poualbly to ilurruruadi, icturaing for- thu night's Mteumer, nuci prob/ibly leaving Singletpu at 8.5 p.ni " On tho following ho wrote— " 1 again b?w Mr Lyuo re trniup. lie has nut yot decided whut he will do, and lias cent for Jlr Uiggs, with whoai and the Corutnid bio.icr wo wiil go into the lxiatlet tomorrow (Friday)." In c'oiiucotiou with this enbjoct, wo may t state that, in conjunction with our member Meters. Blackburn nnd Keighley deserve special praise for tho acspiioliVo, parts they have taken iv tbo mhttur. Between theso two guntlcmea they oLtniued, in the elioit spitce of time which clupsail b.Btwu;n,tho meeting on Saturday laet und tho time of departure of the deputation to wtu't on tho Minister re the q '.cation, about C5O signatures to a pstitioD to ?J0 presented tv the Minister pmjing that tho .inorniog train might bo ruu na far ia Murruru'idi. Uiid it not been far the two gentloi%u named, tbo former oC whom consenlt d to "net ?b one of the deputa tion, the alterations would probably hnvd been iillovvcd to come into operation without any eil'oifc being outdo to lessen tho iucon vouieuce. Luckily, howovur, tho labors of theso gcutlemeu bid fair to meet with tuc cebs, aud tbo thauks of tho community arc jeally dua to all those who have taken an acKvo' part in fighting against the proposed 