"HOMEWARD BOUND." Bir "THE VAGABOND." TO COLOMBO. Bounding the Leuwin the winds and the waves make us their sport, and the s. a. Home never misses a chance. She rolls at every opportunity. Then come a few heavy tropical showers to add to the season of our discon tent. I get weatherbound in my quarters amongst the beasts and the birds, and think regretfully of the days on the Woodbine, when, in a state of nature, I would take a bath on deck in such weather, the Bharp rain washing the salt out of my skin. That barque, however, i3 now wrecked, and the skipper is dead, butbo'sun (at last advices) still rules supreme in the Lithgow Collieries' yard at Sydney, and I am again having strange experiences amongst nnimals afloat I have heard uorth country people say it is healthy to sleep in a " byre." I have had to camp in a cow-house in the course of my wanderings, and was kept warm by the calf which lay alongside me ; but sleeping next to the cows on board ship I find is quite a different thing. There is but a half-inch plank between my bunk and their shed. A lurch of the vessel,. and there is a violent impact against the par tition, and I awake with the impression that the side of the ship has been knocked in. The cows' cabin iB well padded, bat mine is not They may not get braised, but I am sore. One of these animals is an Australian shorthorn offspring of the Colac herd, the other a Brittany. The former gives far the most milk, and is in every way the snperior beast, the pride of the bntcher, who has the charge of all the animals on board. Theship'abakerisastallas the doctor or the Government Resident at Albany. He is a man who, by the quality of his breakfast rolls and pie crust, would have been pro moted by Pharoah toBt&nd; on his left hand whilst the butler "Mac" poured out the seductive anteprandial cocktail on the right Bat the smart young butcher interests me most Ships' butchers are always smart I have known many ot them, as in the days when 1 was a dog fancier the batchers on the White Star, Inman, and Canard lines have had heavy fees from me for taking care of prize pets. Our Roman butcher has enough to do in looking after the cows, sheep, mar supials, and birds. Many of the parrots and magpies die, and a block cockatoo, alter many days of piteous croaking, also expires. If this had lived, it would have been the lirst of its kind in Europe, and as such would have been greatly admired by lovers of natural history. But, regard less of the fame in store, ttiis bird would make no effort, bat gives up the ghost to the griet of its owner, Mrs. Langtou, and the joy of the boatswain bold whose slumbers it had disturbed. The. wallabies and the sheep are sometimes indulged with a run and a hop on deck ill the morning, but the two larger marsupiala arc not trusted outside their cage. It is part cf t e day's diversion for onr saloon ladies to visit the menagerie aft and feed the birds. Anything green greatly excites the wallabies and emus, whose an cestors may have suffered exceedingly in some of our Australian droughts, and who have the hereditary idea that the greatest good in this world is connected with verdure, not knowing that there is more edible virtue in com ana biscuit than in stale lettuce leaves. We envy the emus their appetites, for it is a considerable contract to get through the meals on a P. and 0. boat. Breakfast, tiffin, and dinner Sill up a lot of our time, and the seeds of future dyspepsia are laid by many. They feed us, in fact, a trifle too well. I, writing hard in my stable, generally avoid tiffin, which in hoL climates I believe kills more people than fever. But I only once resist the curries at night There is one very charming arraugement on board the Rome— the number of small tables on each side of the salouu enables parties to be formed, and people visit their friends at dinner. And at feeding time we are generally all as happy and jolly as can be, except the waiters per chance—the hardest worked of mortals on shipboard. As we proceed on our 3,300 miles' voyage from Albany to Colombo, the peculiarities of individuals become accentuated. The man you could stand for a week in a country house, you get to loathe on board ship. The man who would not have a chance of Bpeak ing to you on shore, unless with his bat in his hand, is now familiar and offensive. We, the lookers on. have great fun in watching the doings of the Eminent Ones. The lirst every morning patronises the weather and the eiiip and the passengers, and takes, as it were, credit to himself that all things are good. The second acts as auctioneer at the sweeps, and is doing missionary work after the maimer ot his lrind, in enlarging on the demoralising effects of, and bewailing the threatened advent of the totalisator on the Australian turf, which " will ruin the ring." At least he says so, and I hope he will be a true prophet There is a good deal of speculation as regards these sweeps, and the luck which some people enjoy leads to a deal of grumbling. But tlhe eminent bookmaker, I take it, is tlis _ most popular man on hoard the Rome ; not even Mr. L. L. Lewis, our entrepreneur par excellence, plays his part so well. The bookmaker and his "pal," the New South Wales commissioner, are the livest and smartest men on board the shipy both types of onr Australian civilisation. Sir James M*Culloch is certainly the most distinguished-looking man on board. He looks like one who nas had a career. Our "gent-general in the bosom of his family an-1 Pears the happiest The most miserable is a young Saxon globetrotter, who drops too much at loo. The best sailor on toe ship is, without doubt, Mrs. —of Sydney, whose grandchildren I have nursed m New Caledonia, her son-in-law, Captain Ddlon, being an old friend of mine. Ana the prettiest girl in the saloon I have no hesita tion in saying is Miss Blank, of . l)o you ask me where her Australisn habitat is Bitn&tedT; I give it up, She is Australian, {hat's enough. When I get to England 1 hope to hear nothing of New South wales or Victoria, but much of Australia. That is my missionary ticket. However, all agree that , of St Kllda, is the favourite of ihe ship. Captain Edwards and myself greatly admire the manner in which she over powers that most magnificent yet most courteous being the purser, "Bits on"a too torward admirer, casts a rapid glance over to our table and sends a smile and a bow equally divided between us, does not flirt hot a fraction of it in her, but holds her own hhd has juBt the same good-natured manner {oaU. "Not spoilt one bit," we agree, and hopo she will always remain thus. The anunent Patron iser is as much pussled g*h our Esplanade damsel as he is with One thing on board the Borne annoys me a.®0'!- It is vividly brought before me wat cliquism is rapidly developing itself in ^htralia. Some of the lady passengers •void cash other. There to * peqwhulMa* that when they get "Heme" they may be claimed as acquaintances by other and rival heiresses of the Golden Fleece. Each one wishes to play a lone hand. I begin, too, to think that many of them are rather ashamed of their connexion with the colonies. They would like to be thought " English, you know 1" I have been asked since I left Aus tralia. " Why do not yonng men in Mel bourne marry f I think the reply is easy. All our lasses want to begin where their mothers left off. They all wish to have un limited credit at Buckley and Nunn's, wear expensive jewellery, be in the first swim in " society," make trips " Home," and mingle with aristocratic crowds. Pushing to the front they would push back others who attempt to compete with them. And yet each one outside Sydney or Melbourne is a dedassie. Australiennes have not the courage of American womanhood. They want to be, or? at least, appear what they are not, hence mistakes and social heartburnings on board the Rome. With the men, however, it is dif ferent. With Btriking exceptions no male Australian, born or reared, isa snob, although he sometimes may be a Yahoo. My complaint is rather that we are hot sufficiently par ticular who we fraternise with. Andtakingthe Rome as a duodecimo samnle of the world, I find that the men who conld really talk best are the most silent Amongst the mighty men of war, both of sea and land, who turn up amongst the globe-trotters in the saloon, Colonel Cox is the most modest, and Major Murphy says nothing. In theee days, when bo much iB talked about the protection of the Empire, it is rather strange to find here two distinguished officers of Her Majesty's forces, the former a native of Tasmania, the latter of Victoria. They have been practically helping Great Britain for a long time. I like moat soldiers and sailors, and the talk of the captains in the smoking-room inte rests me much, especially that of the gallant South African warrior, who knew the Prince Imperial, and gives ub some new light as to his death. In the Bmoking-room, too, there is a true British flavour, which asserts itself in one quarter in animadversion of the "penny papers," a phrase I have not heard tor 15 years. And so the Rome gracefully rolls on her way to Colombo. I write "gracefully," because Captain Edwards particularly draws atten tion to thia Our motion is not that of a jerk or a waddle, it is a graceful swing. The result, however, is the Bame—unpleasant. We can find nothing to grnmble at in the saloon. It is getting hot at nights, bnt Mr. G. Langburne, kindest of chief officers, rigs up a hammock for me on deck. My crippled knee pains me, but Dr. Birley, who runs the purser second in the beauty of his " get up" and attention to passengers, blisters me violently, and will go on doing it if I like. I have to listen to complaints from the second class passengers, that they have no piano and no stewardess in their saloon, which certainly might be altered. And I have to listen to confidences from the young ladies, and speculations as to why someone wears all the jewellery in the family at break fast time. The bath parade is earlier in the morning as we ran northward, and the ladies and officers come out in white clothes. It becomes a puzzle as to where all the dirty linen used on the ship is consigned. Before we get to the "fightingground," the second Sun day arrives. The Rev. Mr. Forbes, a gentle man who disdains the title of a " Wandering Protestant Preacher," again officiates, with Mr. Lewis as organist, and a scratch choir. There has previously been a muster, and a fire and boat parade. At the latter everyone in the ship rushes to his own place. The captain, the doctor, the stewardess, and the boatswain are sure on duty, a faithful crew. But what I cannot exactly understand is— where are we to go in case of trouble ? All very well for the officers and crew to know their station and rush to a place of safety in time of danger, but what is to become of us, the poor passengers ? And would not we be crowded ont by these Lascars ? I load my j six-shooter when I get back to my cabin. Onward we steam across the Indian Ocean. The incipient flirtations become pronounced, but not deadly. The children are now bo I used to the ship that they are a nuisance. < But they little know what they owe to Captain Edwards, who promptly suppressed the idea that a Sunday-school should be established on board. As the weather gets warmer our j costumes become lighter, and the officers are beautiful in short white jackets and pants, the effect of which, however, is spoilt after | sitting down. We are half way to Colombo, when we are near the only land between Ceylon and Australia, the Cocos or Iveeiing I Islands, which we pass 70 miles to the east ward, being 1,100 miles from the nearest j point of Australia, 560 miles from Java, and 1,460 miles from Ceylon. These were dis covered by Captain Keeling, of the Honourable | East India Company's service, in 1G08, bnt were heard nothing of afterwards till 1S23, when a certain Captain Alexander Hare, a real beachcomber of the Pacific type, settled in the Cocoa with a seraglio of Malay women. He was succeeded by a Captain Ross, who | took possession of the islands and left a son to succeed him therein. The half-caste popu lation at this day is not very numerous, the community being something like what one finds on the islandB in Torres Straits. But no missionary has been to the Cocoa These are but a group of coral islands forming an atol, over which the storms burst and the waves dash during the hurricane months. So the seafowi roost on the trees, and the rats make their nests high aloft in the cocoa palms. It is only visited by stray veBBels taking horses to India. Sometimes skippers, becalmed near the Cocos, send ashore for fresh water and cocoanuts and fowls. Bnt few islands in the Pacific are so unknown as the Cocoa or Heelings, tbe inhabitants ot which principally live on cocoanuu and land crabs, and as regards religious ideas or know ledge of tbe outer world are as perfect savages as are to be fonnd on the face of the earth. The fighting zone, as Captain Edwards ex Elains to me, is joat beforeyou get to Colombo. I passengers have not quarrelled before then they will get on all right afterwards. As a diversion we hare two nights' amusements— i a " Waxwork" exhibition and an operetta on the first, and a dramatic performance on I the second. The very greatest credit is due I to all concerned in " airs. Jarley's" show. With the scant appliances on board ship, I bow tbe young ladiea manage to make up bo j well is u mystery. But all women can " dress a part," if they cannot act it. The favourite tableaux are " The Dirty Boy " (Pears' adver tising statuette), " Bluebeard and his Wives " (the Fatima of which I hope will have a better fate), "Britannia," and "Australia." The counterfeit presentment of Britannia, an exact reproduction of the figure on the bronze coinage, is far and away the best, and the ehip'a favourite scores heavily over thlB, but 1 take tbe greatest interest in Young Aus tralia, represented by Miss Berry. The musical entertainment is just as good, and is a great relief after the stupid " mind reading" and "mind willing" which haB hitherto occupied so many of our evenings, one young girl being nearly driven into hysterics thereby. I dislike this "parlour psychological re search," as it opens the way to the chicaneries of the professional medium. But if the tableaux invatits are good, how can I describe the amateur theatricals, except that they are the best I have ever seen, equal to any professional requirements. Both in the " Happy Pair " and " Nan, the Good tor Nothing," there is nothing lacking. If Mrs. LewiB is a gain to society, I recognise now that Itosa Dunn has been a great loss to the stage; When Captain Russell is tired of the army, he can have a place in a company as jeune premier, and Mr. Keating may consider himself engaged as a " first ola man," whilst for a character part, Mrs. Langton is un rivalled. A very good stage has been erected, and Mr. Hollands, the purser, is an in defatigable property man. We are nil in raptures with the performance, and " Fire works" and . Solomon, sitting side by side, equally enjoy themselves; and if I did not greatly admire the acting, I should stili admire the strange combination in the spec tators. The eleventh morning out from Albany, at daylight, the boatswain bold shouts "land ho!" at my stable door. Ahead on the starboard bow, Point de Galle or Matara is visible. Low Bbores, then rolling foothills, then a high mountain chain towering into the clouds; over all, the pecu lairsoft olive-blue haze which denotes the presence of dense tropical vegetation. White mist lies in the valleys, giving the ap pearance of lakes overshadowed by the moun tains. I am reminded of the Gulf of Darien as 1 first saw it 20 years ago at early morn. I have never forgotten my early impressions of the tropics, ana I Bhould think many of our young Australians will not forget their first view of Ceylon. Tennent well says that this island, from whatever direction it may be ap proached, " unfolds a scene of loveliness and grandeur unsurpassed, if it be rivalled, by j any land in the universe." From the Bea Ceylon appears like the j mountain region of Otago, New Zealand, planted in the midst of a tropical garden Verily, " every'prospect pleases" here. Now and then in toe dense cocoanut grove one sees glimpses of colour in a red-tiled root or brown thatch. There is a heavy population— nearly three millions—in a country one- sixth the area of Ireland, and a large portion of which is covered by mountain ranges. A, large number live, if not entirely on the water, at least by the products of the sea. ■ Fishing catamarans are sailing up and down the coast, and we pass many of them lying to and drawing in their nets. This style of boat is known to every school boy. It is nearly the same as the woga canoe of the South Seas. The 60 mileB coasting voyage between Galle and Colombo is altogether one of the most beautiful in the world. We see Kalutara, at the mouth of a large river. A charming settlement thiB, 27 miles south of Colombo, with which it is connected by railway, being known as the Richmond of Ceylon. Twenty miles further onisMountLavinia, another popular seaside resort, where a monster hotel bids for custom. And now the shore becomes dotted with bungalows, there is a break in the palm grove, and Colombo is ahead. A city of high buildings, towers, cupolas, red-tiled roots, open spaces, flowering trees, green lawns—a magnificent capital of 120,000 inhabitants, a mixture of Shanghai and Old Panama and Honolulu. Verdure everywhere, colour every where. life everywhere. We round Sir John Coode s breakwater, aud in the harbour are ships of many nations—British, French, Ita lian, and German steamers, an English gun boat, aud native sailing craft of an infinite variety. A brigantine well sailed passes us. She is of English bniid, but is manned entirely by blacks. Bound this to the Eastern Maldives or the coast of India. But it is strange to see the children of Ham "running" a vessel of their own. The Australian is here brought face to face with the fact that there is a civilisation other and older than his 