HOLLOWAY DRAMZATIC COMPANY. Mr. W. J. Holloway must indeed have felt gratified last evening at the brilliant close of the dramatic season of the above company in Launceston. A wet and bleak day, cuhnlminating shortly before 8 p.m. in a steady downpour of rain, might fairly Ihave excused a thin house even on a benefit night, but despite the unpropitious state of the elements the Academy wsas literally packed. Long before eight o'clock, notices of" Nostandingroom" were posted downstairs, and numbers disappointed in obtaining admission to the stalls took tickets for the dress circle, but the best seats there had all been reserved long before, and when the curtain rose every seat in the Acadcumy was occupied, nnui hers having to stand in every part of the house. The almost incessant patter of the rain on the iron roof of the building during the evening was a great disadvantage to the performers, as it dulled tlhe compre hension of mnany passages even of the best speakers, and rendered some of the actors at times almost inaudible to those in the back of the house. " Hamlet" was the piece selected by the bceficiarce for his final performance in Launceston, and we cannot say that Mr. WV. J. Holloway was happy in his clhoice. It falls to the lot of very few players even of tlhe most eminenttragedians-to successfully portray tihe illfated, reason distorted Prince of Denmark, and not one per cent. of those who assay the character do the author justice, or succeed in pre senting a conception tlhat shall be deemed a masterpiece of the most diflliclt clharacter ever placed upon the boards. Fuirther, "Hamlet" is a very severe tax upon any company, and last evening it proved rather too heavy for the capa bilities of the troupe. Although it is impossible to depart muchfromn the lines and text usually represented, there is a con siderable difference in the manner in which Mr. Holloway stages and plays " Iainmlet " to that usually adopted, but we think it will be generally conceded that tihe author's intentions were more clearly and intelligently defined last evening relative to the staging of the tragedy than has been witnessed in Lanceeston for many years. The opening scene, showing' the 'lramparts, and castle of Elsinore, was ex cellent, but was surpassed by the fourth scene, showing a rocky defile outside the ramparts, with the castle and sea showing in the distance. From as craggy eminence on one side of the defile the ghost of the murdered king addresses llamulet, and unfolds to him the base treachery of his muother and uncle. As the ghost, Mr. Charles Holloway was clear and distinct, and the innovation, which is in accordance with Shakespeare's text, of removing the ghost from the floor of the stage to a craggy peak, adds to the effective ness of an excellently painted and mounted scene. The burial; scene, too was an improvement on that ginerally witnessed, whilst Mir. Holloway also struck out on a course new to Tasmanian thsatre goers in many instances, several of whlich were decided advancements, but in some cases his reading of the author's lines could scarcely be called a reformvation, notably wlen rendering the lines, "TThus bad begins but worse remains behind!" We think tlhe curtain being opened ex posing the dead body of Polonious is the author's meaning of "Tlhus bad begins," but Mr. Holloway's rendition leaves his audience in the dark as to the term ap plied, and the text loses its meaning to a considerable extent. Mr. Ilolloway's pre sentation of lsamlet cannot be deemed an unqualified success. Hamlet does not suit him, or rather lihe does not suit Hamlet. Mr. iolloway is too heavy and rather too " stagey " in his acting to successfully render Shakeslpeare's masterpiece. He, however, gave sa scholarly rendering of tie lines, showing close study of the character, and a thorough knowledge of the author's creation according to his reading. The most suc cessful performance undoubtedly was the Oplelia of Miss Essie Jenyns, in which she fully sustained the reputation deservedly secured in her rendering of other cha racters in Launceston. It is needless to say Miss Jenyns looked pretty, and her acting throughout was admirable, the mad scene being especially an artistic por trayal. Mr. C. Holloway made afirst-class gravedigger, and secured well-merited ap plause, being undoubtedly a good second to Miss Jenyns, Miss Kate Arden's Queen, perhaps, being the next in order of merit. Mr. Jewett was not at all happy in his rendering of the character of the King. His appearance was decidedly unmajestic, and his performance, as a whole, was not a success; indeed, knowing what a really good actor Mir. Jewett is, we were sir,. prised to find that he did not give a better rendering of the part. Mr. Stewart was fairly successful as Laortes, but lacked power in the final scene. The other characters call for no special mention. At the conclusion of the third act Miss Essie Jenyns received a hearty ovation, accompanied by a deluge of bouquets, and at the conclusion Mr. W. J. Holloway was called before the curtain amidst loud and prolonged applause. When silence was restored, Mr. Holloway said he could not leave Launceston without expressing his appreciation of the cordial patronage accorded to himself and company during the recent season, It had been said that to the manager "Shakespeare" spelt "bankruptcy," but Launceston possessed an intelligent and appreciative public, and lie was glad to say thast the Slalsespearian dramas had paid the management best. lfe might state that both from a financial and an artistic point of view the past season had been a success, and he wished to express his sense of the hearty support he had re ceived in every possible way from .the lessee, Mr. T. Sullivan, who would re-open the Academy on Monday week with an opera company, which he trusted would receive equally liberal patronage to that accorded to him. (Cheers.) Tihe Holloway Dramatic Company leave by the express train to-day for lIobart, where they open at the Theatre Royal on. Monday for a season of some weeks, sub sequently visiting Sandhurst, Brisbane, Sydney, and New Zealand. In trking leave of them we can heartily congratulate the lessees of the Academy upon having opened our new theatre with such a com pany. Mr. W. . Hollownay has elevated and refined tie dramatic taste of tihe pub lic of Launceston; has during tlh past month presented much .to admire and notsing to cavil, and hIas given a reputa tion and a tone to the Launceston Acadcemy of Music that we trust will be over main tained. Personally Mr. and Mrs. W. J. HIolloway and Miss Easis Jonyns have made many friends here, and whether in a professional or private capacity may feel assured of a hearty welcome whenever they may revisit Launceston. 