NOTES IN PARLIAMENT. Last night happily saw the closing scene of the Robertson-O'Connor farce. - Ttfe feeble Government helplessly expired after a short debate, in which npt a single Opposition mem ber thought it worth while to take part. The Ministry had all tbe talkinfr tn thnmulvM. and for the most part very poor talking it was. The Parkes party had an equivocal mouth piece in tho persou of Atr. Abigail, but all the prominent members of the mysterious sect were silent. Tho division seemed to bo an un pleasant surprise for the Government, who believed, or affected to believe, up to the last moment that their lives would have been spared. To the members who are haunted by tbe fearof a dissolution, the result was simple agony. To others it came as a mere matter of course, and tho utter lack of enthusiasm which the victory engendered amongst the Op position showed that as yet it was felt prema ture to say who has really won. One thiug, however, will be generally admitted, namely, that the couutry has not lost. The best part of the night was again con- | sumed in a rambling discussion on a motion for adjournment. What was such a thing as a national crisis to Mr. Qenson when he read in the newspapers of men being "knocked out iu four rounds" at tho gymnasium within the very heart of the city 1 He insisted on having that matter fully inquired into before wasting time in considering the secondary question of ' knocking out" the Government and proceeding to settle tbe affairs of the country. Ho bad heard of a party by the name of Foley who was the proprietor of a boxing saloon which was sure either to full in upoo its patrons or else take fire and devastate the city. Of course Mr. llensoo could not speak from his own know ledge of such a subject, but from what had been reported to hhn he was satisfied that something dreadful WOllld h»nn»n iinlaos thic insHn. st-n. immediately dealt with. Mr. Abigail was of a decidedly similar opinion and displayed an ae- qniantauce with the nature of the entertain ments which almost took the House's breath away. An awful suspicion . was engendered tljat tlie hou. member for West Sydney had been Indulging iu surreptitious peep? through tlie key hole. He knew everything that trau- pired there aad authoritatively assured the House that a couple of bears were kept on the premises whose fighting proclivities set a shock ing example to . the youth of the city. Tbe motion for adjournment afforded a congenial theme for Mr. J, 11, 1 oung who made his oratorical debut in de fence of the gymnasium and the absent hears whose character Mr. Abigail had so uufairly attacked. Mr. Yoitug could sit as silent as the grave while the character of the couutry was at stake, hut it was not in his nature to remain quiet while a pair of thoroughly respeetablo bears were elude the subject of Parliamentary calumny and insult. Fruui this point the de- l ate branched off ad lib., and finally wound up in the usual way, by all indignant protest against wasting the time of the country, Mr. O'Sullivan resumed the debate on Mr. (aarvun's motion, with a vigorous speech on behalf of the Government, which, if it did nothing to convince the Opposition, certainly did a good real to amuse them. He based Id's support of the Government principally 011 the grounds that as a protectionist it was his duty to prevent direct taxation and force the Colonial Treasurer to seek revenue at the Custom-house. On cxactlv the same principle Mr. O'Sullivau's fiscal clfi-Jf has felt compelled to sever his connection with the Government. Go to the Custom-house is the very tiling that the Ministry refused to do, aud tlie very tiling that Mr. Garvau consurod them for not doing. There! ore, if Mr. O'Sulli vau's protectiouist harangue had any parlicu- oppOiitene>s at all, it was a speech in favor of the motion which he got up to oppose. One of tlie reasons why ilr. O'Sullivan advocates pro tection is that it.will mean more clients for the lawyer and more patients ior tlie doctor. To increase the number of litigants and invalids in the country teems to he one of tlie dreams of Mr. O'Scilivan's political life, as lie seldom de livers a speech on any subject without getting iu a word in favor of this grand project. Mr. Abigail distinctly declined to frame a policy for the House. Hi disclaimed the rc- rpomtibiiity of Inking the entire functions of government upon his shoulders. At tho taino time he Imd his own notions of how a model Government should be curried on. But those notions wore his private propertv, and for the present at all events he (leu-ruined to keep them to iiimeelf. All tiie cnlight nment lie lelt disposed to afford upon the subject wn3 that tlicy did not by any means coincide with the proposals put forward by the Roberttou Ministry. Still he did not know that he should vote against them just yet. After tliis remark ably lucid exposition of his opinions Nr. Abi gail disappeared below the gangway and morosely buried himself in tho deepest ruck of the Parkes party. Mr. Garland thought that protoctiou was one of the things at the bottom of the attack beiug lunde upou the Government, and was quite as omphatic in this opinion as Mr. O'Sullivan tvus iu attributing the whole thing to the malign influence of freetrado. Because he .was a freetrader Mr. Garland would support the Government which Mr. O'h'uUivau would also uphold because he wa? a protectiouist. A Government that had the magic pot.er of com manding such extraordinary support as this might he thought to hare discovered tb" elixir of political life. No doubt Mr. Gar land had us much reason to hope that they would remain true to the principles of frce- uuue a? Mr. O'flullivau had for hoping to con vert them to protection. Such u plastic policy as they advanced afforded hone for everybody Squatter and selector, freetrader and protec tionist had equal liberty to come and try their hands at moulding it to their liking. The Government, it appeals, were quite prepared to accept the handiwork of whoever for tho moment seemed strongost. Mr. Garland enthusiastically pinned his faith to them, and orcdicted that if thev are forced tn fro tn tb country thoy will come back with a largo majority, of which he will be one. Having de livered this clincher he very appropriately sat down. Mr. Moore, another debutant, followed Mr. Garland. He had hopes, be said, of serving the country by holding his tonguo, but by the turn affairs had taken he found himself at last obliged to abandon that very laudable inten tion aud speak at any cost. Happily Mr. Moore did not prove altogether unequal to the task which overstrained patriotism had imposed upon his oratorical powers. He made a speech which would have justified a much more pre tentious preface. He grasped his subject strongly, and handled it with care and delibera tion. His main difficulty was in emphatically condemning the policy of the Governmont, and at tho same time finding reasons for supporting it. This was an attempt, however, in which many more practised orators also came logically to grief. Mr. Moore essayed to prove that, tad as the policy of the present Government may he, it compared favorably with that of their predecessors. Instead of showing tho soundness of the one, he thorefore confined most of his arguments to showing the unsoundness of tho other, and in this he displayed an ability that gives earnest of hotter things to come. At tho game time we would not take upon ourselves the responsibility of advising him just yet to totally abandon the idea of serving his country by holding bis tongue. A speech from Mr. J. O. Nield, without tho ghost of a pun in It, seemed to convince the after Mr. Garvan had been briefly heard in re ply the deatbbell of the Ministry was tolled by the Bergeant. Now that it is over it must be a happy relief to all parties concerned. And as for the scratch team, the motto ia now nf nisi bonum. Therefore let it be nil. The annual excursion in conneotion with the St. Patrick's Christian Doctrine Confraternity took place yesterday to Chowder Bay. About 1500 gaily dressed people in the highest of spirits, including a number of children, were conveyed to this charming resort by a large fleet of steamors, which were managed by Mr. Frank Thompson, no hitch occuiring notwith standing the heavy strain on the traffic. The Burwood Brass Band accompanied the picnic kers. Dancing was carried on incessantly in the Port Jackson Pavilion, and there were all kinds of sports for both children and adults in the opsn, air. The day was most enjoyably spent by srsryo&e.; 