I BRITISH and. FOREIGN' BIBLE SOCIETY. THE NEW SOUTH WALES AUXILIARY. Tho annual meeting of tho Now South Wale» Auxiliar of tho British and í'oroign Bible Society wa« hold las night, at tho Young Men'« Christian Association Hali His Exoollenoy Ibo Governor provided, Amonjr tho otho geutlowou prosont ou tba platform were-Th« Primate Kev. Br- K-elyuaok, Archdeacon King, Hov«, J. Barnier Waters, Pritchard, It, B, Paterson, J, Spooner, 8. Wilkin son, J. G. Southoy, T. Qwon»-Moll, W. Wyatt, Gill II, Wauk, A. Gardiner, T. B, Tress, J, D, Langley, Messrs G. P. Wiso, E. Viokery, W. Rumel!, Josoph Thompson Dr, Kyngdon, H. E, A. Allen, Newmrun, Corarlo, Bunnie and Hoove, Thc body ot tho hall was orowdod. As his Exoellcnoy entered, thu choir (under Mr, W, I. B Moto), played tho ''National .AnUmtu." Proceedings wore ooinmoucod by th« ohotr and audioaci sinning tho bytuu " Lord of all might and powor." Tty Kov. 'f. Owun»-Mell road a portion of tho Scripture !-li»t chapter, 2nd Epistle of Peter, beginning at th» 16th varee): " We havo not followed ounnlugly-dovistid fables when wi make known unto you tho power and oomlni; of our Lort Jesus O brat, but ar« «yu wiuiossos of Ills Majoaty." Mri Owons-Moll then olïorod up prayer. Ills EXOULLUNOY on rising was received with lout ápphmso, Ho said,' My Lord, Ladies, and Gentlemen,-I an( vary grateful for the honour bestowed upon mo in requostinjj mo to presido on tho ooousion of tho sixty-ninth anniversary of tho foundation of your Auxiliar)' Society. It was, as it soems to me, a noblo thought on the part of those who, at so early a poriod in tho history of this oountry, resolved upon the ostablinhnieut hera of a branch of the British and Foreign Bible Society. Ona ' of tho glorios of the English peoplo is to be found in tho fact that they have done moro towards spreading the Word of God throughout the nations of the world, by means of tho dissemination of tho saorod Scripture», than any other modorn nation. (Hear, hear.) In the northern provinces of China, in Mongolia, Manchuria, and Corea, the agents of the London Missionary Society have spread copies of tho Biblo fur and wide, aiid during last year tho sacred Scriptures were oirculatod throughout Khanate of Khiva and Bokhara. To my mind, ono of tho most affecting and beneficial of these means for tho en- lightenment of tho world is that which has been established in connection with tho socioty for extending the circulation of the Bible among the giris and women of tho East, and particularly to thuso women who, under certain circum- stances of Oriontul Ufo, can only be approached by tho devoted missionaries of their own sex. (Applause) In saying this, it comes to my mind that in 1875-6 it was my privilege to bo on the atutf of his ltoyal Highness tho Prince of Wales, in India, and had tho opportunity of see- ing domoatio life there. I was on attendance with his Excellency when ho visited the family of a Hindu gentle- man in Madras. It was tho first .time, I believe, that any Englishman hud ever visitod tho zenana or fournie portion of the housa of a Hindu gentleman. We woro shown over the house, and on coming downstairs I mot a gentleman in a great state of excitement. He asked mo " Can you do me a great favour, can you tell mo what my BÍBter--in-law is like Ï " I only mention this circumstance to show how necessary it is if tho Biblo is . to bo brought amongst the Oriental nations-how nocessary it is, as I have suid boforo- that they should ba approached by tho devoted missionaries of their own sex. 1 am so munn less competent to speak on a question of this kind than those to whom is entrusted the groat responsibility of the administration of suoh a society as this that I shall content myself with humbly expressing my profound sympathy with its objects, and my deep conviction of the incalculable valus hero and hereafter of its labours. (Loud applause.) Tho Kev. T. B. TRESS, hon. secretary, read tho annual report as follows ;-" Sixty-ninth repart of tho Now South Wales Auxiliary of the British and Foreign Biblo Society for the year 18So :-Your committee have again tho privi- lege of presenting a report whioh is encouraging, whethor tho work of tho groat society whose interests they repre- sent be regarded generally," or whether they consider morely tho labours of tho Now South Wales Auxiliary. Time, tho subscriptions and donations for tho year fall a little short of those realised last year ; vet, in view of the temporary depression whioh exists, this is not to bo wondered at. Tho sum of X'1732 8s. öd. lins boen reoeivod by subscriptions and donations, and £538 18s. -ld. for Scriptures sold through the dépôt. Tho sum of £3Í hus como into tho bauds of the treasurer by legacies-viz., £10 by tho will of Mrs. Ewart, uud £21 bequeathed by Mr. Boucher. £1200 have boen sent to the parunt society ns a freo contribution, end £603 03. lid. on purchosa account. The issues for tho year havo boen 5G10 Bibles, 12,292 Tes- taments, 301 portions, 175 foroign Scriptures- repiescutinjr a total of 18,378 conies. Tho largo issue of Testaments arises from the faot that during the year the Society sont forth tho penny edition ol" the Now Testament, SU0U of which wore sold at tho depot. Your committee thought that it would not bo well to raiso tho price of this book above the single penny, although tho salo at this rato in- volved a slight ? loss. Since the establishment of this auxiliary, 278,502 copies of the Scriptures have been circu- lated, and £22,826 8s. ld. have boen contributed to the general purposes of the society. Tho indebtedness of tho auxiliary to tho parent society'ut tho present timo iä £907 12B. ld!' 'Tho value of stook on band on tho 31st December last wus'£613- 12s.'7d., and £266 13s. 8d. are duo for sales. A small grant of Bibles was made during the your for the use of tho aboriginals at La Perouse. Your committee^ with great regret, havo tp announce the death of their lutp prosidont, Sir George Wigram Allon. For many yours th9 socioty had tho benefit of nis.wiso counsel and able ussist ,ance, which wore ever gladly givon. An address of condolence was presented ey your committoo to Lndy Allon, whichwas much valued and suitably acknowledged. Your committee are much gratified to announce that his Excellency Baron Carrington has consontod to become thc patron of the Auxiliary. They also report with great satis- faction that tba Most Rev. the Lord Bishop of Sydney hun accepted tho office of prosident. Tiioy are assured that tho society WLII be greatly bonefltted by Ilia influence, wisdom,, and energy. Your committee have always recognised thp obligation which rests upon them to promote Biblo circula- tion in Australia, aud to see that tim heathen at our own doors aro provided with the word of Ufe. Whilo anxious that as much as possible should ba sent to swell the resources of tho parent society, to assist them in qarryinar on (heir noble work of disseminating tho word -of God throughout the world, they aro aware that there is.much to ho done in our land and tho islands which are/adjacent, and that they aro callod on to do tho work. Under this conviction thoy have contributed tho sum cf £30 for colportage at Silverton, a miuiug township upwards of 800 milea from Sydney. This work was organised and carried out by the committee of the South Australian Auxiliary. Silverton, though geographically within the boundary of New South Wales, is practically much more accessible from Adelaida. With true Christian instinct tho friends of the socioty in Adelaide undertook the work, and generously sup- plied one-half of the oxpeu.ies. For six months tho Col- ( portour worked amongst the minors of this remoto placo. ; Scriptures wore circulated which they hopo may have been,! blessed fo many. Their warniost thanks are given to thc»! auxiliary in Adelaide for its kind and generous co- operation. Tho work of translation for the islanders ot tho South Paoifio has also boon attended to bv your committee In May lait thoy issued 1000 copies ot" tho four Gospels in Motu or Port Moresby dialect. In October 1000 copies of St. Murk's aud St. John's Gospels were issued from tho Svdnoy pross for Murro)' Island!, and 600 copies of St. Murk's Gospol for South Capo, within the last month a translation of tho Gospol by St. Mark in tho language of Baki, for the uso of tho Presbyterian mis- sionaries in tho island of Api, hus been printed ; raid 1000 copies of St. Matthew, portions of St. John, St. L*ike, and the Psalms aro in tho press for the uso of tho Wesleyan Missionary Socioty in tba Duke - of York Island. Those local undertakings are valuablo, not only because thoroby tho great objects of tho Biblo Society are boing'carried out, but also bocauso they croate a pcrsonid interest in tho society, and induco an appreciation of its work whioh must bo most valuablo iu its effects. Tho branches of tho auxiliary aro in a fairly satisfactory condition. Some of those in tho country are suli'oriug in consequence of tho prevailing ¿.ought ; but even where the contributions have fallen off there is no diminution of interest in tho work. Rovivod prosperity will, we are sure, bring about a restoration of all the declining branches to their former position in the trea- surer's accounts. All the brauche, have been visitod durhnr the your, either by the distriot secretary, who hus pursued his work with zeal aud wisdom, or by the Rev. H. T. Rob johns, who has given much of his valuable time during tho year to tho auxiliary, and who has in many ways aided your committee by his valuable oounsel uud co-operation. Their thanks are duo to him, and aro horeby tendered mo3t gratefully. Youl1 committoo would very earnestly com- mend to every friend of the society tho last repert'of tho parent society. It is full of interesting details of the labours of those who are employed in this noble I nhi'istian enterprise. An excellent abstract of the work will bo found appended to flus report. In closing their report your committee would earnestly call upon tho Christian Church to rally round (his society and give it all the sympathy and co-oponation that is pos- sible. It occupies a position that is unique who tier it be regarded as an matruinantality for the extension of Christ's kingdom on oarth, or as a witness for the truth of God of whioh the Bible is tho only infallible oxpunent. One great design of the ansmy in these days is to destroy tho influ- ence of the word of God, and it bohovos all who value the Bible and who regard it as tho Supreme dlreotory of the Christian and of the Church, to support and aid in every wuy that society, whose aim it is to maintain and oiroulato the Suro word of God. It is true that other needs press upon hrislian churches, and many local wants have to be supplied, bat it is also trna that over aud above that which may and should bo given for pur- poses that are local, there is the opportunity and ability to give a portion to a Booioty whioh has always como to the help of every ohuroh ia its, missionary work, and whioh is maintaining a testimony to the truth" whioh is immeusoly helpful to the church in its ' battle against sin and vice. An earnest appeal is niudo for helpers in the work. Muny branohes languish for want of earnest, zealous collectors. Bolievers in tho Bible, lovers of the Bible, roll off this reproach ! Collecting may bo difficult, it may be un- pleasant; but is no saoririco to bo mado in the service of Him who died to save a fallen world ? Is there to ba no self-denial on tho part of those who profess to be followers of Him who ' becamo obedient unto death, even the dcali ' of tho cross 1" An appeal is made for money. Tho wealthy should Ki ve of their abundance to se noble a causo. fha poor. ûxj&J.; invest something in an anterpriso . charitable, BO. Dlessad- The cause ia God's ; He'has ma TidJously «nsVacand il ihron|rh tho 83 year« of ita existono To Elim hy. tibe JÜQTT remiting from all ita magnificar aclDOTumKy.r*. May "ais »ord contóme to have 'fri fawns im/j ho gJyriStd.' to tho praiao and honour of Gc and fha ratificas of man-" Mr, % avant Tnosrrscor read the troasuror'a statemen and m/jvad,-"Thai ii be adopted^ printed, and circulate. ttipiQ/Àir with Aie «annal repart." The motion was carrie* I (lhwprmtirpal itain» teppar m the annual report.) I U¡hu PiOSUSKS, cm ñáaz to move the first resolution, sai the resohjfiua winda had bt#u placed in his hands, an which lue fct&fra;ä wau in the tuais of many in tho roon waa as follows; ~" That in view of tho growing uaefulnof of tho British and Foreign Bible Society, and tho succès whiohhas attended il» efforts ht circulating the word c God among fha valions nations of the world, thl moating ia rf opinion that the New South Wale auxiliary iJhjnua ematisae to exert itself to the utmost to ai íb* aiwUtfr iba carrying pa ii* work of faith and labour o Wa.-" pf&otv; uwnring the renlntiou, he desirsd oaoe mor to esGKprç, i> w s larmer occacion, as president of th aasonuitiieav fite pimkg» of tendering a hearty welcome t his llko^toiej Lord Carrington, who had consented to pre sith war tftuir moetiny. (Applause.) Hi» Excellency wa tdÜDwmp -Cbj! example of bia predecessors, for he found h an oM repart, datel \hm soeond year siter tia birth of th' Kooinly, that CîtiTtircwr iíaooruiirie had occupied tho positioi of patron of the society, end always presided at its annus lUBetfjiga. Hu twlioyod that the Governors of the colon; had «ilwity* iwacpiwl ù*e. ellice of patron of tbs society, an! » unary ease* had ¡masillad over it» annual meetings Ç&W;Âmae,) They ul«. w«l/»med his Excellmioy with i pxmliur iul«¡re.st as thn¡ representative of that Crown among» thain. (.Apphmi*.) They could nevor forget the »tor vHxh wits told, hoar tbvo present wearer of the Crown, who! sh» visM to shoir the half-barbarous King tho secret o har poorer sari pattatan, p<inted to the Bible. (Applause lu moving the resolution bo believed he was expects tr) say swaethiug, first aa to the relation in whiol the ?envalwtiou of th* Bible utood to Christianity, and nex a» totihe vrori fouwhicb the society ¿id dons in promoting t3ws cirwilxtiori of the Word of God. (Applause.) Hoven' tared tu remind them that every voluntary associatiomwuj heiii taget&er; by two forces-a common bio}, and a bond o muîauj ksüuB-iiijp çiulsrardlyor inwardly knitting tho menr bern to^-eiliBr. It the true sense of tho woni, Christ waa th< Christian truth and bond. He was tho truth bscauso he ww tile Wurd ot God, and ho was the bond because ho was üu one rn»lator uniting all man to God and in God to om auutlkr. Bot if they considorod the witness of Christ upot thc earth it was clear that the Christian idea waa embooiec in tba bible «nd that the fellowship wa« in the Church oi Christ. Of tho Christian bond ann feUowship he shoulc hrtvo nothing to say, except that tho gathering hi saw before hito showed clearly that in spit< of the unhappy divisions of christendom the« was one unify wlijch honid them together, and enabled thoa to come together to promote the spread of the Word and the advancement of Christ'» Kinghorn. They prized thc unity they had, and «trove and prayed for the greatei unity whine, os yet they had not. The embodiment of th« Christum idea was unquestionably tba Bible. It was th« embodiment of the Christian idea of all sections of the Church. The Bible was unquestionably a book which was pimply unique in its power, and was in that respect unlike any other book or literature of the world. It was true of the Bible, what was said generally of the word ot God in all its forms, that it was miraculous and unique in human history-living, powerful, and sharper than «ny two-edged sword, (Applause.) It waB at once a book and a literature. It had grown from various authors through gena rations and centuries, and yet whon united was on« book. The Bible was unquestionably a phenomenon, was simply unique in tho history of the world, and no other book would stand comparison with it for one single niomont. To thom it was no wondor, for it was to them tho living TO>rd of thoir Lord Jesus Christ. Why was the Bible unlike nay other book, and why should it exercise such extra Ordinary power P The Bible waa the revelation ol God through human,, souls to human minds. It was the revelation of Goa through tho mind of man inspirad and illuminated by tho Hfiy Ghost. Another ppint in whiob it stood out unlike other sacred books of the world was that it waa before all othor things a history. Tb» back bone of Holy Sonipture was n historical record, and out of that grew all the other elompnts of scripture. Thors was the dement of law-temporal and eternal law. Thors was tho elemont of what thoy palled prophecy, whether in tho Old or New Testament, which waB tho righteousness of God expressing itself not in rule but in principio, and which was not written upon tables of stone, but upon the tables of the heart. Tho Old Testa- ment waä simply the history of that chosen pooplo of Israel, a history wTiich believer and uubaliovor aliko must allow to bo simply unique and un- exampled in the history of tho world-a history which, ulthuugh. it touched but ono single nation, it revealed God's government of humanity, which was exompliflad more and moro every day. The Now Testamont was, first, tho history of th» earthly life of thoir divine Lord and Master, tho maniiostuticm of His person, and the expression of His Wold, Those tilings constituted tile koystono of the arch -so to speak-and upon this the wholo fabric of Holy Scripture rested. But hore also tho centre of the Bible was history, nt>t thoories or hopos, but solid and unques- tionable fact. Tho romaindor of the New Testament was tlio beginning-of thc history of the groat Church. Tho Acts of the Apostfes was tho first Book of Ohuroh history -tho history of tho Apostolic ago. They had those opistlos of Apostolic teaching which were again the expressions of inspired uvfa-a revolution of God, not through tho ideas of mon, hut through the actual facts of the history of the world, autl it was because af this peculiarity that this bouk of their Lord Josus Christ was tho key and interpreter to the other groat books of God. There was the book of nature, from which they gathered indications of tho wisdom, power, and righteousness of God. That sublimo first olidptor of Gouesis was a revelation of God coining down to moot tho upward striving heart of man. Then there was tho book of humanity-a record of mira's deeds. They believed profoundly that those wnp studied this hook, would sto God in history, and understand that it was. better to boliovo and recognise a living God than to .accept that clumsy expression which was tho quintessence af im idem thought and belief in something in themselves which mado for righteousness. (Applause.) Ho would iow ask them to consider what the sooioty had done during tho last SO years for the dissemination of this miraculous íorca whioh they oalled the power of tho word of God. Theirs was not tho first Bible Sooiety. There was a society connected with thu old Church of England, called The Society for the Promotion of Scriptural "Knowledge. Tho society he referred to was something Uko 200 years old, and did tho work of printing, translating, and circulating tho Bihlo, and it also produced Christian literature with tho view of enforcing Bible truths. Their society had, how- ever, bean formed with a magnificent simplicity of aim-to print and translate and circulate the Bible alone as tho em- bodiment of tho Christian idea, and one great means of advancing tho kingdom of God. This aim was adopted "because it was ono in which ull the sections of the Church could meet and work hand hi hand. This was their work, and in performing it thoy had always doolarod that tho Bible Society was in every senso conceiv- able tho huudniaid of tho Churches of the Lord Jesus Christ. (Hear, hear.) But this concentrated their atten- tion on ouo thing, and ouo alone. Did they ask if this work had boon a successful one '{ Ho would bog to remind thorn of a very fow facts wüich had been brought before tho meeting. For 82 years the puront society bad been working, and in that timo had circulated 128 million copies of tho word of God. The circulation had gono on increas- ing year after year, and last your more than four million copies were circulated, which, thoy would observe, was nearly twice tho averago of former years. But he did not think that this was tho chief work of tho socioty. The groat triumph of its labour appeared to him to bo con biined in this-that ho hold in his hand a Bunill book issuod by tho society, which showed that the Bible, tho wold of God, had boon translated into no less than 267 of tho languages of mankind. (Hear, hear.) It had gono fur, if ho might venture to say so, to raaliso that which was signified hy tho groat gift of Pentecost when all nations and men should in thoir own tongues heur and be ablo to repeat tho wonderful words of God. ' 11 was in this that the society stood pre-eminent. Tho old English society , did us useful a work, but not to such an oxtent, in dis ¡ nominating tho Bible and Christian literature, for it had novor been able to uudortako the work of translation beyond 23 or 24 languages. Ha know that missionaries of the Churoh of "England, in thoir labours in all parts of the world, had constantly to go to tho paront society for information. The great claim of the Bobiety to the gratitude of mun was not the more scattering of Diblos broadcast over tho earth, but the translating of thom into tho languages of huriian-kind, and this realised tho fact that tho kingdom of God was one in which all tho nations of the earth were gathered togothnr. To do this, thoro had been gathered from tho contributions of Christian pooplo, no loss than a" quarter of a million of money in a year. Tho simpUcityof its aim was shown by tho brilliant aud magnificent thoroughness ot its success. What should ho say of thc New South Wales Auxiliary. Surely it was greatly to tho credit of our forefathers, that in tho early struggling days of thoir colony, ouo of the first institutions established 09 years age was a branch of this souioty. Think what Gi) years meant in a colony, tho whole history of which had not reached its first century, and consider that at a time whon tho colony was Btruggling against almost unexampled difficulties, our fathers resolved that tho wold of God should be soread through tho length and breadth of tho land. In tho first year of its oxistenco thoro was raised a sum of something lika£100, and 1000 Bibles and Testaments wora dissoininatud. Tho work wanton in a humblo manner, the receipts amounting to about £200 or £300 a yeur for many years, and now our incomo was something like £2500, and we circulated 8000 Bibles. This waa wondorful progress, tho moro so because looking to tho report of last your ho saw that the circulation was only 7000\. It was a wondorful achievement for tho parent sooioty to bo ublo to circulato copioa of the Now Testament for ono penny, New South Wales was still far a-boad of any other Australian colony in tho amount of subscriptions collected and remitted to tho paront socioty. Ho would not say that Now South Wales did not do all sho should, but ho would like to see tho othor colonies press upon us, so tliat wo might go uhcud faster and fustor. Still wo might do more, uud tho Bocro tiuy saidthurowas un amount of stagnation visible, as though we had become a little too oontenotd. It must, hovvovor, be admitted that tho colony was doing a not inconsiderable amount of work. Ho could not conclude without referring to tho death of thoir former patron, Sir George Wigram Allen. His decease had been a loss to the colony, and the society owed much to that quiet simplicity sad earnestness of character. ( solid and twpretontrtras wisdom, and that singular 1er heantedness of disposition whioh endeared him to so mi people. (Hear, hear, j Ho was a lons not only to I socioty, but to tho whole society of this growing colo Ho could not help also alluding to tho doath of L Shaftesbury, president of the paront socioty. . Thora i no Englishman of his generation who bad done so mi for tho material, social, and spiritual welfare of the gi i masses of the people. What was the secret of his pow. Ho was a mau of some fortune, which ho used munificent but he had not one of those colossal fortunes wh entailed no grave a responsibility on the possessor, had a vigorous intellect, hut never protended te bo a mas [ mind in his generation. He was s man of much soc influence, but not a born leader of socinty. Tho secret tho power which ha wiolded was his quiet, detormii earnestness, and faith in the light and grace of the ti Jesus Christ. It lay in tho profound sense of duty wbi like every other Christian, ha boliovoJ the Master had li upon bim, and it lay in the bold, determined, foarl temper, of which it aught ba »aid, as of the groat Lc Lawrence, that he feared no nuu because he feared C »o much- These were ht the roach of ¡di who ware ai mated by the courage of faith in tho power of Chri They might all follow the inspirine example of the pro dent of tho society. They mijrht bo solemnised by deal but not saddened, for they reuuroibctrod that " »ll flash vi grass, and all tho glen- of .nan as tho flowering grans. T gras» withureth and tho flower perisheth, but the Word God, th» eternal Word, liveth and ondureth for svet (Loud súplanse.) Th» Hov. A. GABDHTEtt, ALA., seconded tho resolutio He cowadiTod that this society was the grentost of all which Christian ministers mst together. He was romind by the reference to Lord Shaftesbury to the fact that soi year» ago hi» lordship mada tho remark that tho conoepti of the Bible Society was one of the greatest that had taki hold of tho mind of man since the age of tho apostli Carlyle had truly said that there never had been such boole, and Ibero never would be such another. Anoth tribute to its power wa» reudered by tho fact that Sir Jol Lubbock had recently, in giving a list of books ia I Nineteenth Century,- placed tba Biblo first. Paloy ll said, " If we were to hold any religion, there was only oi for us, and that wis tho Christian faith;" an so we mijdit argue regarding the Bible, that if there w any book which we could accept as tho Word of God it Wi tlia Bible. It could be truly said that the Bible was npv done denouncing error. Its purpose was to lift mau fro a condition of sin and misery into which he had fallen ai bring him baok to God. There were some man wi defamed tho Bible and said it contained impurities. Tho impurities were reforred to in tho Bible, not to palliate vic or draw man down to evil, but to warn him against i A number of great books bad been buried in oblivion, b tho Biblo still remained. The history of the Word of G< during the present century had been still moro wonderfo Their socioty had grown wonderfully since its commonc mont. It waa unnecessary for him, after tho able spooc which had boon delivered by the Primate, to say anythiii with regard to tho work of "tho society in this colony. Ii might only refer to the services rendered by tho Booiel hore in cunnootiou with tho translation of the Scriptun into the language of the races of the South Seas. (A{ plauso.) As a Presbyterian he felt indebted to the sooiel for the work dono in this respect. St. Mark's Gospel hi been translated into tho language of tho poopl of one of tho Now Hebrides Islands. (Applause, They wore all interested ia these islands-(applause -whore there wei» thousands of devoted Christian The ministers on tho islands had been helped an encouraged by the spoiety, and he thought that i , times, without the aid of tho society, they would not ha\ succeeded at all. In conclusion, he said ho had muc pleasure in seconding the motion whioh had beon moved. Tho resolution wa» thea put to the moating, and wi unanimously oarrtod. The He v. Dr K ELTNACK moved tho second resolution, an in doing so stated that, owing to the lateness of the how he would be obliged to curtail his speech. He had, how ever, handed it. to tho press, and ho hoped it would thors fore be taken as read. Tho following is tba full text of th speech :-In advocating tho claims of this noble sooiaty, would in tho first place acknowledge the services it has ren dored during along courso of yoars to the mission body represent in its labours and triumphs in those Southern Seas And oe 1 havo recently visited tho Fiji grüup, which is ai important part of the field of our operations, and at a perio of inore than ordinary interest-the celebration of the jubile of Christianity therein-it has been suggested to mo b; those who are ohargod with the arrangement of this ineot ing that it would bo opportune and Utting to give som illustration of the power and glory of tho Bible, as these ar brought out by tho work of the Book itself in this one heathen, cannibal, and blood-stained land. In trying t bring boforo tho Christian public of to-day soraotliing Iik an adequate oonccption of the condition of Pijl without th Biblo, it is not necessary that I should labour to produce i picture that would owe its ghastliness and horror to anj adroitness of description or skill in dealing with details I have only to bring before you the material! of tho common lifo of that period, and sot thea forth with. all ploinness nnd fidelity, to produo a panorama which astounds and appals by the simple ford of its own hideouBnoss. In those olden days a chane visitor to tho30 islands, so striking in their natural beaut; as to appear thu abodes of peace and gluduoss, migh imagino, in his hurried, observation, that the pooplo wen pacific iu disposition and character. But they who plant« themselves among thom for their religious benefit knov wji.it volcanic forces slumbered beneath, and with wha wild havoo they often rushed forth, desolating as the lava tide that buries terraced gardons and vino-olad slopes in ¡ti march of destruction. They would loll you that often tin agad woro buried alive that thoy might thus bo put out of tin way ; that widows woro hurried to death by tho strangling' rope; that war raged with a violence and forocity that grow by what it fod on ; and then, to complete and porfoct tin abominations, that they divided for a cannibal feast thusi who had been slaughtered in tho fight, or who had heel token captivos, and sated thoir Üorcu appotit03 on humai flesh withadjunctsof revelry thatmado (.hom appear more like demons than men. Morally and religiously, tho land was t scone of doath. But into that land tho Bible wont, istrongir its Divine authority, mighty in its overwhelming rebuke, fonder in its infinito pity, uttering its mossage as ii sublimely conscious that it needed only to bo uttered tc produce » spiritual resurrection, until from out tho gravos of sin and corruption in which such a multitude of human souls lay buried lt raised an unny of witnesses that de- monstrated its puwor to bring life oven to tho dead. Thif result was achieved by tho fearless exposure of man'i vileness, and by the blosscd revelation of mun's Saviour. Tho Bible did its work in Fiji, as it lins done it elsewhere, by antagonising those things in which huinnu nature dolightea. It spared no sin, it dragged out ovil from its lurking-pluceSi and tore away the masks by which mau had sought to hid« its essential ugliness from view. It hold the whole up in the light of the perfect law, in thc light of a quiokonod con- science, until conviction of guilt, like n lightning flash, smote tho vory soul, and bowed tho heart in penilenco ima prayer boforo tho Lord. And thon it mudo known tho pro- vision of God's redeinptivo love in Jesus Christ. The universal adaptation of tho Bible to the wants of humanity rests hore, in that it recognises and insists upon tho groat basal facts of human character aud neod, and places over against them tho complementary facts of tho Divino cha- racter and covenant, until tba woury and heavy-ladeu seo tho perfect accord that exists between tho two, »nd cast down tho burdon of thou- sin and sorrow at tho foot of God to find rest and poaco. , But the power of tho Bibla is yet more fully shown if we mark its operations in the subsequent spiritual culturo and renewal of tho people. The bitterest opponont of the Bible, equally with tho most devout believer in its divinónos» and ouloaoious aotion, must admit, if ha will but acoept tho force of evidence, that a cause which can go down to tho depths of huniau depravity aud misa from thence tho proofs of its transforming power ; which asserts itself like a re- generating prosonoe through tho whole realm of social lifo, lifting it up to a highor plano and robing its native deform- ity with alf tho spiritual boauty of a new creation, is indeod almighty-that it has in it tho power of God. Now that is precisely what the Book has done in Fiji. It has wrought on a nature that was, with a terrible bmphasis of expression, earthly, sausual. and devilish. And with this result : Tho heart that was hot with tierce passions has throbbed with tho gentleness of Christian love : the feet that were swift to shod blood have beou oqually swift in tho ministries of mercy ; tho lips that wore defilod with cursos have lifted up their glad hosannahs ; old things have pussed away, and all tilings have bacoino now. Paasing beyond tho in vidiittl, it entered into domestio Ufo, and wrought this chungo. It enfranchised woman from tho tyranny of man's passions and from tho greed of his selfishness, and, raising her to a position and a dignity of - which before sho had never dreamed, gave her to fool that »ho was his com- panion and helpmeet. Sweeping a yet wider circle, it went out into the relationships of tribal and publio life, and tue communities whioh wove so long smitten by tho tempests of war and wasted by its ravages hoaid'through it a prent voico out of heaven saying, " Peace, bo still," and there followed a groat calm. Is tho observance of the Sabbath an ovidenoo of Christian life among a people ? Then, in no part of ibis wide world is tho day of rest observed with a moro scrupulous reverence than in Fiji; and whon tho hush of tho Sabbath falls on mountain and valley, on shore and sea, then throughout its many isles do tho trooping thousands go up to join in tho solemnities of worship in God's house, ls the service of the altar in the family a proof of Christian character? Then, the matin song and tho vesper hymn, that ascend to beavan from tho many homos of Fiji, speak with a weight of evidouce, which cannot be resisted, to the reality and power of thoir religion. Try the results of Bible work during tho years in that group by any test you like, mid it will only bring out and demonstrate with peculiar vivid- ness and forco that it has changed the wilderness into an Edon and tho desorl into, a garden of God. There lifo is líow sato, property is secure, homes are sweetened, society dwells safely, and boathoiiism and cannibalism, like gaunt spectres of thu night, have tied, because the darkness which tiley lovo has vanished and tho truo light shinoth. There peace, liko a brooding presonce, gathers the laud beneath its wings, and a witnoas may bo heard to-day, by those who listen for it, sounding forth through all tho circuit of tho group, from I Lakemba to Kandavu, tho testimony that thia mighty chango is tho proof that tho Bible has taught and tri ' umphed. Another evidence of tho work of tho Bib'o ÍB to bo seen in tho number and character pf those who have i been raisod up to be the toachors of truth and the witnessos for Christ among tho pooplo. Tho quickening power of tho j Book as au educator is a noteworthy fact which stands out j with frroat prominence in tho history of a heathnu com- I munity. Nor is this so much to be wondorod at when wo reflect uoon the wanner in which it comes into contact with Pagan human nature. Entering into the narrow ? eire): it» thought fllled with all kinds of superstitions and nh tasios, it places bofore tho mind the highest truths and thpir widest ran<re. It asserts itself in the conscience giving to it a keener porception und a (creator authority touchesland stirs the emotions by. the disclosure of al which is infinito in its sweep and profound in its tenderni It moves the will by motives which cannot bo surpassed solemnity of power. And when ithas made man feel that ha« the destiny of eternity hoforo him and that life ts sphero which will fix the ohnractcr of that vast future cannot wonder that he should be thrilled with feeliugs't aspirations that lift him ablive himself by tho now meani that has been given to this life and tho new signiflcai that has been thrown around the life to come. There ii great deal of the child natur» in the Fijian, nnd the Bi moot« the qualities of that nature as no otl book does. They are fond of storv, of parab of metaphor, of all that can kindle the imagination a rouse the feelings. And tho stories of this marvellous bo< so full of pathos and fervour, its parables that ore h toricul with pictorial grace and with meanings of su wondrous significance ; its metaphors that gleam with su rare boauty, that they arrest the attention by their gloi all speak even to a fijian ina tono which rivets, churn end inspires him. One of tho most striking sights I si in my recent visit, was tho spectacle of upwards oi hundred men gathered together m a training institut» that they might, among other things, be instructed in Bit truths, so that in thoir turn they might go forth to bo t instructor» of others. They aro not all remarkable 1 mental gifts. 8omo have dull prosaic muida, but ev thesohavè been quickened into nctivity by the Divine Woi And here and there you will get some of another sntii Let me give this audionoe an instanoo of ono su who would glean in any Bold for the muterial that wot help him to üx the lessons ho sought to oonvey to tho mi and reproduce them in the lifo. Here an instance w given, fery humorous but very effeotive, of tho faoili whioh this toachor had in the uso of illustrations. Now, me pvoyou a companion picture to go with that indicatii quality of a yot higher kind. This mau of whom I now spell was_ a born orator. Ho had in his measure the dower genius, and was able to find new truth in old settings. 1 was fond of figuro, and got at tho spiritual nature oft through the imagination. Withal he had the gift of utte ance, and would sometimes speak his breathing thoughts burning words. And a man Uko that, whether you ¿ him in a white skin or a bluok, will bo a man of power ai mastery. Hore again evidonco was given of those points Btriking instances. Now that is a glimpse at them on th< mental side. Lot mo give you proof of tho inspiration wbi tho Biblo give? thom in the direction of loftiness of purpo and heroism in action. The casa was here given of oi who hod elected to go on a mission of dangar, whore I predecessor had been clubbed und cooked and eaten, ai who, aa he neared tho shore, heedless of the chief and li pooplo, who waited with their clubs threatening insta destruction, flung- himself from tho canoa into tho sea at swam to the land, the nobility of tho act compelling tl admiration of the chief, who passed the word to his followo that the mon who would hurt a hair of his head should be dead man. One other evidence of tho glory of tha Bible seen in its powor to sustain tho spirit when it roaches tl threshold of eternity. Then, shielding it from aU tl clamourings of doubt and all tho whisperings of fear, guides through the gloom of the vanishing prosont to tl brighter land und tho bettor home beyond. Men may ovc in civilised communities boast tho" creed which is tl embodiment of what is termed advanced thought, and mn pride thoinselveB ou the fact that they havo left behir them the oust-off superstitions of the Biblo. But tl worth or worthlessness of such a liberal faith may wall I tested by tho question both of its suitability to build up noble character and to dignify Ufo, and by its suitability als to answer the spirit's questionings in its hour of supron; need, und to give it a basis of truth on which it may caluil rest as upon solid rock. And many a heart has found I its bitter sorrow in that moment when uncertainty i regard to fundamental truth is agony and ruin, that tho havo rested their all for time and for eternity-on a dreaii a phantasy, a lie. Tho book that will give certitude, tht ministers assurance, that brings God nigh and make heaven manifest, and that secures peace to tho spirit b roveaUng the friend and Saviour on whom the dylu onezcan rest without a fear as a child falls to ¿leo on its mothor's anus-that is tba book whio ia the stay for human nature when overy other stay i broken. And that is what thu Biblo has done for thou sands of Fijians. They die for the most part not only ii pease, but in triumph, and, like a ship that is entering th haven,like tho warriortbut goes to receive bia palm-wroath Uko the pilgrim that hasten» homo, they depart in man' instances with joy that passes into exultation, and wit! exultation that mounts into rapture. Come with nie to thi mat where a noble spirit is waiting in its last moments fu its great chango. There lias a man whoso kingship o oharacter had boon placed beyond all ohallenge. His fae in its gontlo goodness had reflected Uko a mirror tba poaci of God ; his lion hoart liad braved dangora in a mauuor thu had proved him often a warrior who was valiant for th right; .hs had filled his life with labour and with sacrifico and now ho is about to seal all by tho testimony of hil death. Thcro on his right is the miesiouary, who had s< often fought with him in tba good fight sida by side, am on his left is tho gontlo but courageous missionary's wife, who had gone forth with thom at times on their oampaigi of duty and of hazard. With eyes sulf U3ed with tears, and ii voico that trembles with grief, tho missionary asks, "Hay* you nny fun her message, Joeli?" And tho dying mar reaches out his right hand to tho missionary, and his loft ti tho missionary's wife, and then lifting up to heavon his eyes, which scorned bright with tho dawn of that celestia! morn which wa3 about to break, ho said, with quivorinf tonos, " And what shall I moro say V Happy wo wtio aro ir Christ ; thrioe happy we who ure in Christ," and soon hi passed within the voil, aud wai with Christ for over, Take another oase-tho case of Thakombuu. Ho, too, hm; to tho margin como; and surely if over thora was at instance which showol the powor ot Biblo grace and bless- ing to save to tho uttermost, thea his was ono. Ha had beet subtle and cruel, and his great force of oharacter had gone out along his path as with the Btress of tempest in its wildes] mood. But the mercy of tho mighty Savioui had rosoued him, and as ho passod hence, this was his dying testimony to tba faithful missionary, who had BO often warned aud couusellod and helped him: " Mr. Langham, faith is a great thiug, salvation is s great thing; Jesus ls precious, Jesus is mino." If, as we ara told, there is joy in tho presence of tho angels of God over one sinnor that roponteth, what a mighty acolaim must have woka tho music of ten thousand harps when the washed and cleansed spirit of Tbakombau passed through tho gatos into the city and joined the brotherhood of tho sons of fight. That's how they die, and in that we ara taught how Divino is tba book which brings out results like these. 1 might speak, did time permit me, in dotuil of the wonderful achievements of tba Bible in Fiji. I might point to 1815 day sohools, whore the work of elementary education is carried on, and whore tho Bible has beon installed from the first us the great edu- cating force of mind and monds, and to these I might add about 1600 Sabbath schools, in which the true philosophy of being is taught to lia in a dischurgo of tho duties which We owe to God and mun. I might point to an army of 3000 teachers and catechists and nativo ministers who aro, for tho most part, mau of groat1 simplicity cf oharacter, of great devoutness of spirit, of great heroism in purposo, and of unshrinking sacrifice in labour. I might point to 30.0U0 Church members, the reality of whoso Christian lifo is shown in sweeter manners, piirer lives, and by fruits of godlinoss which prove tho vigour of tho oharacter that thoy adorn as truly as tho purple clusters of tho grape do the vino which yields them. 1 oould point you to a fuot in oouuection with public worship as unique as it is satisfying, and that is, that 95 per ceut. of the popiUoiiou attend tho services of tho sanctuary -a faot that which is not oftou equalled, and perhaps never surpassed, in all Cliristendom. This is what the Bible has donn for Fiji. It has transformed tho individual, subdued tho savugo, humanised tho oannibul, raised woman from her low estate, cared for tho children, aud sent a mighty influence working through society, by whioh it has peen created. This is what cho Biblo has ¡lone for Fiji. It has quonclicd tho Aros of war, hushed tho roll of tho death-drum, effaoed the blood stains which rested on so many a spot, abolished tho eannibiU feast, aud ushered in a now ora by proclaiming tho brother- hood of man and tho fatherhood of God. Thia is what tho Biblo has done for Fiji. It hus changed tho group, whioh was a very Inferno, whore lust, and cruelty, and revenga, and murder held high carnival, until to-day it spreads out undor its own blue heavens aud flooding sunlight as tho scene of one of Christianity's brightest triumphs. For there tho idols havo buen utterly abolished, tho heathen temples havo been cast down with great and universal over- throw, and in their placa that religion goes forward whose chief characteristics aro purity and tenderness, and all along tho shores of Fiji tho ñamo of Jesus trembles on tho pulsing air, and makes a music that is swoat to tho heart of man and God. At this time tiio quostion that it becomes us to oonsider is, What is to bo oar relation to tha Book which is so manifestly the hopo of tho world K Now, that is a question which vitally affects our own character as a people and our standiug among tho natious of the world. That wo have much in our posi- tion and prosperity of which we may justly boast is matter of common acknowledgment. The dower of God's provi- dence with whioh hu hus enriched our young life is great and largo. But lot us not forget that all tho olomonts of our groat national wealth will not givo us nobleness as a peopio, nor secure for us commanding place among commu- nities, unless we dovelopo in connection with these great- ness of soul, and devote them in the spirit of consecration to the highest uses of humanity. .The accumulations of material resburco will not lift us up-nay, rathor they will drag us down-if thoy be not found in association with a national spirit that makes them its servants for tho best ends. Large means that are prostituted to the purposos of mere ploasure, or that ure drawn upon to meet tho exactions of mero Belllshness in some other form, bring obout ii result which moans more than the waste of substance; it means deirradution of aim, laxity of principle, impoverishment of spirit. And if this becomes a marked feature m a pooplo s cureor, it is a sure index of national degeneracy, and bodes misohief in tho coining timo. History points this lesson with a plainness which none eau mistake. And if we ask tho question at th's time what peoples are taking to themselves tho leadership of tho world in all that is highest, the answer, 1 think, will bo England and America. Tho Anglo-Saxon nico hos risen to pre-emineuco because its nationalise rests upon the divino Book us its basis; and its sense of justice, its love of freedom, its outreaching* of philanthropy, are tho results of thoSe Bible principles which have been transformed into its sentiments and Ufo. That Australia hns a part to take in tho groat world's march ' worthy of the stock from which she has sprung seems to us one of the predestined arrangements of God. But, if wo aro to discharge this trust anght,*we'must pledge OM ]T alty to tho Bible ; wo must drink - in inspiration from ?£ vital truths ; wo must go forth along'our warruwi its counsels, and made strong by the strength which it ¡J parts, and then it is not too much to hope that theseyoun commonwealths that flourish on our southern shores wil becomo the leaders of nations .in tho cause of truth a»j liberty and righteousness. But if this is a matter of so m,i importauco in mir., own national development, it j of no less importance to tho world that we speed the nro! gross of this Book. Wherevor it has gone it has ministered to the honourand happiness of humanity. We have seta to-night its mighty triumphs in tho isles of the Pa* But sending our glance yet further I see it shooting £ Bhafts of light athwart the idolatries of Japan and utterin» its word of power against tho colossal superstitions j China. I see it melting the fetters of caste in h\ik humbling its deities, and softening tho cruelties that for« many agos have weighed heavily upon tha hearts of ¡ti peoples. 1 see it snapping tho chains of tba slavs in Afrits and lifting up a standard , there to which the aaguisQ spirit of its many tribes turns, as the signal of rest ani blessing. I seo lt giving an added lustre to tha splendour) ?of civilisation, and reaching down like an angel of purity to cleanse the foulness that is oftentimes associated wita thosa splendours. I see it marching with giant striâa across that western world whither the men of the Mar. flower wont out under tho mighty impulses which'it created to make tho sounding aisles of tho dim woods ring with the anthems of tho . free, and th» mightiest torce of that great "Western Ropublio to-dw is the Christian sentiment which binds iu Sui millions together, and whioh has beon drawn fmí the Bible. The wido world is' witness at this hour of whit it owes to tho Book. Then let us help to «peed it on tj wider und higher triumphs. It is tba anointed monarch ul nations, let us labour to hasten the time when its SOTS. reignty shall be universally acknowledged. Thia is a duty which tho honour of God and tho interests of humanity demand at our hands. In tho spirit of a high nmbin'ia and a steadfast zeal let us give ourselves to its fulfilment The Book needs only to be circulated and it will, with the blessing of God, do all the rest. Lot its truths flash ¿i) tho sunlight through the wholo circumference of huniu lifo from tho remotest east to tho remotest west, nnd it «ill drive away ignorance and sin ns tho sbndows of tho night flee before the day; it 'will dry up all the fountains of earth's bitterness, so far ns those spring from a perverti human nature ; it will bring to man the goldon ago, vrhta Surity and love shall renew to the world the joys of Para, ise restored ; and it will merge at length tho discords of tho conturies into a glorious anthem of harmonious song, of which tba strain shall bc this:-" Thine, O Lord, la tha greatness, and the power, and the glory, and the victory, and tho majesty, for all thut is in tho heaven and in the earth is Thine. Thine is tho kingdom, O Lord, and Thoa srt exalted as head above all." I have much pleasure ¡a moving-" That the thanks of the meeting ba prestotalto the olBcers and committao lor tha post year ; also to de officers, committees, nnd colleotors of the various imán and associations, and to all who have kindly u'dgf th» opérations of tho auxiliary ; that tbs following lu offi» bearers for tho ensuing year :-Patron, His Eistotj tho Right Hon. Baron Carrington ; president, RightSw, Dr. B rry, Bishop of Sydney and Primate of Auiuiir, vice-presidents, Messrs. J. Comrie, J. Douglas, R. 0, Reading, E. A. Rennie, Joseph Thompson; trauma, Mr. Joseph Thompson ; secretaries, Kev. Thomas B Tress and Mr. Georgo P. Wiso; committee, Mcssni. H B. A. Allon, W. S. Buzacott, Siimuol Dickinson, A. TV J ' Foster, P. P. Fletcher, J..S. Harrison, Robert Hills, A Kethel, G. A. Lloyd. J. Hubert Newman, T. P. Reevi William. Russell, S. Hague Smith, Ebenezer Viokeri David Walkor, Dr. B. Kyngdon, Judge Wilkinson, and n ministers of the Gospel (in sceordanoa with Bule VI. who aro mombors of tho society. Tho Rev. E. C. PIUTCHAKD seconded tis resolutioi which was unanimously carried. A cordial vote bf thanks having been tendered to H Excellency tho Governor, the proceedings teruiinated wi the benediction._, 