Tliirst for Gold. ... .1 - -A. A E&rilliag;' S'jory of To-day. CHAPTER II. — (Ccntinued.) Certainly, Mr, ; Hardie,' eaii sbe,1 with a modest composure' -.a jotrrig-1 coquette nrght have envied undsr the circumstances. Eardie had now onlv to axnlnin liin-sdf hut. ir.. stead of. that,.- he stood looking ct herewith -.silent concern ; the- .fair, face she raised to hiiu was wet with tears ; so were her eyes, and cv; n tho glorious eyeleaoe? weio fringod with tha' tender spray ; and it glistened in lliV moohlighti This tad. and pretty :aight- drove the win but generous youth's calamity clean out of his heed.. ' Why, you are crying! . Miss Dodd, what is ths matter ? I'. hope nothing has hsppned.' Julia tumid her' head n little freifullv, ' No, no !' But eooh' her nat ural candour and "simplicity pre vailed ; a simplicity not without dignity ; she turned round aud locked him in. the fsce: . Why should I deny it. to. you,' air., who have been good enough to sympathiso with us ?. J-YPri abe mortified, sadly mortified, at dear Edward's disgrace ; and it hes coBt us a.struggle not to disobey. you, and poison bis triumphal' cup with sea looks. ' And mamma had to write to him and coneole him cgainst to-morrow : but I hope He will rot fell it. eo se verely as she dees: and I have just posted it'myself, and, when I thought of our dear mamma being driven to such expedients, I Oh!' And (he. pure young heart, having opened itself by word', must flow alii tie more. ' Ob, pray, don't cry,' said young Hardy, tenderly; 'don't take' such a trills to heart so; jour crjing makes me feol guilty for leititg it happen. - IVrh-.ll never occur again. If I had orly known, it should never have happened- at aT.' 'Once is enough,' sighed Julis. ' Indoed you take it tco much to heart; it is oaly out of. Oxford a plough is thought much of; especially a single one; that is bo very common. You scq, Miss Dodd, an univenity exatuina'ion con- sis s of .several items ; n/.glect but one, and Ciichton himrelf. wculd be ploughed; because b idiancy in your other papers s Dot al'uwcd to count; that is how tho most distinguished man cf enr day got ploughed for Sn a1!:- ; I had a nar.ow escsrio, I know, fcr ore. But, Miss "Dodd, if you knew bow fur your brother's p.-rformanco cn tho river out weighs a'meie slip in the schools, in all university men's eyes, the dons' and all, you would not make this bright day end Eadly to Oxford by crying. Why, I'could find you a thousand men who would be ploughed to-morrow -wi ll glory and delight to win one such race'as jour brothir has won two.' -Julia 'sighed again. But it sounded now half liki a sigh of relief ; the final sigh, wilh which the fair corssnt-to be consoled/ And indeed this improvement in the music did net cscapo Hardie hi felt he wss on the right tack; he enumerated fluently, and by name, many good men, besides Dean Swift, who had been ploughed, yet had -'cultivated the field of left rs in their turn ; and, in short, be wes so earnest 2nd p'ausibl?, that something like a smile boTered eb>ut his hearer's lips, and she glanced askant at him with furlive grati'.ude from under h<-r silky lashes. But it soon' recurred to hi r that this wsb rnther a long interview to accord, to 1 a stranger," and under the moon ; eo she said a little shiUl v, 'And was this what you were good enough to wish toeay to me, Mr. Hardie?' 'No, Miss Dodd, to ba frank, it was not. My motive in addressing you, without the right to take such a freedom, was egotislicil. I camo be-e to clear myself ; I — I was afraid jou muet think me a humbug, you know.' 'I do not undersfeni you, indeed.' 'Well, I feared you and Mrs. Dodd might think I praised Dodd to, and did what little Tdkl fcr him, knowing who you were, a d wishing to curry favour with you by all that; and thst is 60 und-rhand end paltry a way of gci -g to woik, I should despise my- Eelf.' 'Oh, Mr. Herdie,' said the y'ourg ledy, srr.iiing. ' how fcolith : v/hy, cf course we knew you had no idea.' , 'Indeed I had not; but how could jou krow it?' 1 Why, we Baw it. Do you think we have no ryes? and much keener one3 than gentlemen have. It is mamma aud I who are to blame, if anybody ; we ought to fcave declared ourselves ; . it would have been more generjus, more— maiTy. But wo cannot all be gentlemen, you know. It was so sweet to hear Edward pra'sed by one who did not know U3 ; it was like stolen fruit ; and by one whom others praise : bo if you cao forgive ua our slynes?, there is an end of the matter.' f Forgive you? you fcave taken a thorn out of my soul.' 'Then I am so glad you -ummoned courogs to speak to me without ceremony. Mamma woull have done better though; but after all, do not I knowber? my mamma is all goodness end intelli gence; and be assured, eir, Ehe does you justice ; and is quite sensible of your disinterested kicdness to dear Edward.' With this she was about to re tire. 'Ah! But you, Miss Dodd? with whom I hive taken this unwarrantable liberty ?' said Hardie, im ploringly. ' Me, Mr. Hardie ? you oo me the honour to re quire my opinion of your performancss : including of course this self-introduction ?' Hardie hung his head; there was a touch of Bat--.ro in the. lady's voice, he thought. Her soft, eyre rested demuro'.y cn bim r. moment ; she saw be was a little abashed. ' My opinion of it all is that you have been very kind to us; in being most kind to our poor Ed ward. I never sow, nor read of anything more generous, iro;e manly. And thru so thoughtful, so corsiderato, 'so del cite ! So iostoid of criticising you, as you seem to expect, b:s sister only blesses you, and thanks jou from the very bottom of her heart.' She had begun with a pcli'e compomre b orrowed from noamnoa; but, once liu cbed, hor ardent nature got the better : her colour roie and res?, and her voice san e 3nd sack, end the list words camo al most in a whispei ; and such a lovely whicper; a gurgle from tbe heart-: srd, as she concluded, her delicate hand cime swecpirg out with a hrarcn- taught gesture of largo and f orer-ign cordiality, that made even tbe hones'; words and the civin? tones more eloquent. It was too much : the young roan, ardent as herself, and not, in rfal'ty, half timor- oue, caugb: fi; ; r. j i-. ;ing a white, eloquent har.d rather near, bin- ugbr 't, and pressed bis warm lips on it io. n .. .. -rstion s-.d grcti'u 'e. At this .a- -e ir:d at? ..'inded. 'Oh! kerp that for the Qu- ;i r r'< d . urning sea Lt, and tossing her 'z-x a-id info &':. -like a »' artled eta?, and she dew br.r .'-o.-'./ : '-ay and decidrdly, though not k h!y. - - - ' :red a lowly spo!- ogy ; in t hi. - .:- y sha "said quietly, ' Good-bye; Mr. i b rr' ; ad fwe,.'., with a g'acious little curtBoy th;-;-'-?-' ' ' iii '.'-Y- j. leaving him spellbound. ' : And so virginal i .-:«» u " '. fi.-.ce carried hsr off swiftly and cleverly. i r..';.';too soon; for, on cnterirg ibe fccus? ' ' ' - v - composure her two mothers M sdam- = . 'd Nature had tsught ber, fell from ht, . and she fiultered up the stairs to her own . y .. :th hot -.hceks, and panted there lite some . ihirg lhat hai b?en grasped at ar.d grazed. : ;It jouog Ha die's lips upon the paloi of har.d plait-ly; they seemed to linger the- tt- . ; it was like light but live velvet. This, t "iie ardent lo k that hi had potrrd inlo her e , set the young cre&tu; e quiveriDg. Nobody !:ad looked at her so before, . and no young genller.>cn had imprinted 'living velvet on her hand. She w-s alarmed, ashamed, and un easy. What rigrt 1; d. ho look at her like that ? What ehadow of a ight to go and kiss her band ? He could n t pretend to thi k she had put it out to b9 kissed ; ladies put forth the back of the hand for that, not the palm. Tho truth was, he was an im pudent fellow, and she hated him now, and herself too, for being so simple to let bim talk to her ? mamma would not have ! »(; ir.. prudent when Ehe was a girl. She would not go a . , . " felt thero must he some'bing of this L! ..". branded on her face: '0.1:0! just look : > .nglady! She lia? been letting a young kiss tbe palm of her hand ; and the feel 1 _ -. no off yat : you may see that by her .choek- ' But, them, poor Edward ' - .' ist go down. So she put a wet towel ' v.> '.'.-tale cheeks, and driod thert with ailietic du j, arriving friction, and , came down Blair? like a mou. -. and turned the- door? A I . .handle noiaeleesly, and glided into the' sithrg-room looking 'ti-anBparent; 'con';iouB, ;an'd all -on fire- with beautWand animation, "that even 'Elward was -slaitled; and, in a whisper, bade bis mnthcr observe what ia pretty girl she was ; ' brat3 al' the cuntj- giils in a canter.' Mr?. Dodd did look ; and, con sequently, as soon as over Edward wi»s gone to Ox ford, she said to Julia, 'You are feverish, lore ; you have been excited with all this. ' You hed:b9tts>r go to bed.'- . Julia ccmp'ied willingly ;' for she wanted -to be alone and th'nk, She retired to her own room, and went the whole clay over again ;- snd was happy and sorry, exalted and uneasy, by turns; and tnded by exousing Mr. Hardie's- escapade, and throwing the blame cn herself. ' Sho ought to hive bein more distant; gentlemen wore not expected, nor i deed much wanted, to he inodost. A little assurince did not misbecome them. 'Really I think it sets them off,' said she to herself. Grand total : ' Wh«t must ha think of m- ?' Time- galopi in |r-verie : the' town clock struck twelve, and with i-e iron tongue remorse eo' eredher youthful consoieuce. ; Wis this obeying mamma ? Mama had siid, ' Go to bed : ' not, go up-stairB and meditate : upon young gentlemen ' She gave an expreesivo shake of her fair shoulders, like a ew&o; flapping the water off its downy wiogs, a id so dis- misssd the subjret from hrr mind. Theu she said her prayers. Then she rose f.om her knees, and in tones of honey siid, 'pubs I puBi ! pretty puss ! ' and awaited a re-;ult. Thieves and ghosts Bhe did not believe in, yet C! edited cats under beds, and thought thcoi neither ' harmless ' nor ' necessary ' there. Aftjr tenderly evokmg the dreaded and cbimrrical quadruped, she procesded cone the less to careful res-arch, especiafiy of cuDbOird'. The door of one rc-ii t:d, and then yielded with a crack, aud blew out the caLdlc. - ' Ihero now,' said she. It wub hrr only light-, except her beauty. They allotted each Hebs but -o- e candle, in that ancianl burgh. ' Weil, ' she thouhr, 'there is moo: light enough to undre.'s by. ' She went to draw bick one of tho curtains ; but in the act she s'ar' ed back with a little s:reiim. There was a tall figure over the way wa'chiug the bouse. The moon ehono from her lid? of the s(reet fu l on him, and in lha'. i: taut her quick eye recogn zcd Mr. Hardi-. . - 'Weil ! ' sard she clsud, and with en inde cribabD infiesio-i ; and hid herself swiftly in impenetrable gloom. But, after a while, E re's daughter must have a pjep. She stole with inanite cou-ion to one ride of the curtain, and made an rpe.turq just big enough for one bright eye. Yes. there he was, mqtioulis'. ' I'll tell matunn,' rhe siid (o!hiir, malignantly, as if the sound could reach l iai. . Uce:n3ciou? cf tho direful threat, he did not budge. - She was unaffectedly puzzled at this phenomenon ; and, not being tho least vain, fell to womdenng whether lis played the nightly sentinel opposit? eyeiyladj's wiuduw, who exchanged, civilities with him. 'Because, if le duo?, be is a foul,' said she. prompt -y. But on r.- (lection, she felt sure ho did nothiog of the kind habitually, for he had too high an opinion of fcimsoif ; she had r.oted that trcit in f.im at a very early stage. She satisfied herself, by cautious crimination, ' lhat he did not know her room. He was making a temple of the whole lodging. 'How rldiculom of him!' Yet he ap peared to be happy over it; there was an exalted look in his moonlit face ; she reemed row first to sec his soul there. She studied lm count-ninee like an inscription, and deciphered each rapt expres sion that ero-sed it : and stored them in her memory. Twice sho lett her amhuicide to go to bed ; and twice Ourioii'y, or eoroethiug, diew her bsck. At list having looked, pa.rcd, or peepod, till he? feet W;rs cold, and her f»ce the reverse, Bhe informed hsrae'f that the foolish ThiDg had li-ed her out. ' Good-uig'nt, Mr. Policeman.' raid ehe, pretending to bawl to him. ' And, O.-di rain, ua bard as ever you can.' With this benevolent aspiration, a little too violent to bo sincere, Bhe laid he? ch:ik on Ler pillow, doughtily. But be? sentinel, when, out of sight, had more power to disturb htr. She lay and wondered whether he was still there, and what it all meant, and what ever mamma would say ; and which of the two, she or he, wa? the ho;d culprit in tbij strange perform ance, to which Earth, she conceived, had seen no parallel ; and above all, what ho would do ntxfc. Her pube galloped, and her sleep was broksn ; and she came down in the morning a little pale. Mrr. Dodd s»w it st olc?, with the quick maternal eye, and ;m:-raliscd — ' It is curiors ; youth is fond of pleasure, yet pleasu-e se'dem agrees with youth ; this litt'e excitement has done your mother good, who is no longer young, but it hss' been too much for you. I slia!l be glad to have you back to our quirt honm' Ah ! will that home be as tranquil now ? chapter iii. The long vaca'ion commenced about a month a'terwar'ds, cud Hardie came to his father's hous?, to read for honours, unimpeded by University races and college lectures ; and the plrughed and penitint one picked up hi 3 Aldrich and his Whiteley, the then authorities in Logic, and brought them home' together with a firm resolution to master that jojous science befure the next examination f t Smalls io October. But lo ! era he hal bean an hour at hom", he found hi? things put neatly away in bis drawers on the ffmir.ino or vertical system— deep strata of waistcoats, strata of coits, strata of papers — and his Leg:c gone. In the course of the evening he tixoi hi? sietir gool-hi mouredly, and 'asked what earthly nse that book was to hr, no": weaving curls ' 'I intend to read it, and study it, and teach you it,' replied Julia, ralhor languidly— considering the weight. of tbe re olve. ' Oh, if you have boned it to read, I say no more ; the crime will punish itself. 'Br serious, Edward, and think of mamma. I crnnot sit with my hands before me, and let you be replou rhed.' 'I don't want. But— reploughed !— haw, haw! But you can'c help ore at Logic as you u-ei at S-. nt-.x. "Why, all tho world knows a girl can't learn logic. 'A girl can learn anything she chooses to lesrr. What she cir.'t learn is thing? thing? othar people set her down to.' Brf >re Edward coold fully digest this revclathn, she gave the argument a new turn by adding fret.fu'ly, ' Aud don't be eo unkind, thwarting and t-asing me !' and all in a moment she was crying. . ' Hilloi !' ejaculated Edward, taken quite by sur prise. 'What is the matte-, dears ?' inquired matern-1 vi-ilaice from the oih-r end of the room .'Yon did nut' speak bru?qnely to her, Edward ?' 'No, no,' said Julia, cngerly. 'It is I that am turned so cross and peevi h. I am quite a changed pi 1 Mamma, what is the m&tler; with me' And the laid her brow on h;W mcther's bisom. Mrs. Dodd ca e33<d the lovely head soothingly with one hand, aud made a sign over it lo Edwsrd to leive them alone. Sro wa'ted quietly till Julia wis composed, and then said, softly ' Come, tell me what it is — nothing that Edwsrd scil to you, for I he&rd; nevly every word, and I wa3 ju»t going to smile, or nearly, when yr.u -And, my love, it is not the first time, you know; I would not tdl Edward, but I have more then once s?en your t yes with tears in them.' 'Have you, mamma?' said Julia, scarcely above a whi'per. ' Why, you know I have. But I s id to myself it was no use forcing confidence. I thought I would bo very patient and wait until vnu came to me with it, s i now, what h it d&rling; ? Why do you spsak cf one thing and tlii.uk of another, and cry without any reas >n that your mother can see ?' 'I don't know, maumn,' Julia said, hiding, her head 'I thick it is because I eleep eo badly. I rire in the morning hot and quivering, and mire tired than I lay down.' Mrs. Dodd inquired how ling this hid fceen. Julia did not answer this question.: She went on, with her face still hidden, ' Mamma, I do feel co de pressed and hysferioil, or elso ia violsnt spirit? : but not nieo and cheerful as you are, and I used to be ; and I go from one thing ti another, and can ssttl® to Dothing ; even in church I a' tend by fits and starts ; I forgot to water my very flowers last night, and I heard Mrs. Maxley out of window toll Sarah I am losing, my. colour. Am:I? But what . does it matter? I.am losiogmyiienee, f ir I catoh myself . for AVer looking n the gtaeo, and that ie a sure sign: 'of a fool, yon know ;f and- 1 -<janno,kr pass, the ship? ; I I- stand and look itr aiid long-for' the' very dearest eilks and for diamonds, for my hsir.' A jdeep sigh fo'lowedr the confession cf these multiform imper fections ; and the culprit Half-rai«oT her heaid to see their effect. As for Mr?: Dodd, she opered her eyes wide'with Burprise ; but at. the end of the heterogeneous cata logue 'she smiled, and said; 'T eannot - believe that.' If ever there was a, young lady free from person 1, vanity it is my .Julia.. Why.yourthfflughtsrun.by: nature away from yoursUf ;. you. were born. for. others.' ; . " , H-r daughter ki-sed her grtt-'fuily, and smiled :. bu, rfter a, pause, said, sorrowfully, 'Ah, that wbb the old i'ulia, as seen with your ejesi' I hive' almost forgotten her. The new one is What I tell you, dear mamma, snd that' (with- 'sudden fervour) 'is a dreamy, wandering, vain, egotislica', hyeterical, afcomin&bl;? girl.' .' Lft me kiss this monitrr that I have. brought ir-t) tlio world,' B&il.; Mrs. Dodd. ' And now.let me tbiDb.' She rested her. eyes calm and penetrating upon her daughter; and at this mre lcok, but a : very eeir.-hing, one, the colour mounted and mounto l iu Jul; a's cheek strangely. ' Aftvr all,' said Mrs. Dodd, thoughtfully, ' yours is a nri icil age ; porhapj my child is turning to a woman ; my rosebud lo a rose.' Arid she 8'ghed. Mathers will sigh at things none- other ever sighed at. ' I To: a weed, I feor,' replied Julia. ' What will you sav when I own I filr. no real joy at Ed ward's return this time P And yesterday I orier1, 'Do get away, and don't pe?t or me! ' ' To your brothor? Oh 1 ' 'Oh, no, mamma, that wai to po-r Sp -t. He jumped ou me in a reverie, ail sffsction, : poor' thing.' 'Well, for your comfort, dogs do not appreriatv the niceties of our language.' I I am afra'd they do ; when wa kick them.' Mrs Dodd smiled at the. admi-sion implied here, and the deep paaiience it wa? uttered with. But Julia remonstrated, 'Oh no !. no 1 don't lai gh at. me, but help ms with your advice : you are so wise and si experienced : you must have been a girl be fore yc u were an angel. You must know whit is the matter with me. O, do pray cuie ue ; or else k 11 me, for I cauriot go on like this, all my sffsclions deidmid, and my peace disturbed.' And now the mother looked serious ani thought ful enough ; and tho daughter watched her fur tively.: ' Julia,' said Mrs. Dodd, very gravely, ' if it-: wai n ;t my child, reared under my- eys, and never scparajei frOin me a single daj, I should s ay, this : jounglidy is either tfllicted with some complaint, and, it effects her nerves, and spirits; of else sho has— she is — what inexperienced young people call in love.' You need net lopk eo frightened, child ; nobody in their" senses suspeits you of imprudence or indelicacy ; ded therefore I feel' quite sure that your constitution is at a crisi, or your hea th has si ffered some shock ; pray Heaven it may not be a a-r:ous one. You will have the best advise, arid without delay, I promise you.' That vry evening Mr?; Dodd sent a- servant into the town with a nolo I ke a cicked hat for. Mr. Os-: | mond, a c insulting suvgro:-', who bora.a hiph r.-pu- tv'iin in Bafkington. He cam: ; snd proved too plump for that' oomplite cl-ginre she would have dedred in a medical attendant ; but had a eoft hand, a gon'le touch, and a subdued manner. He spoks to the patient with a kindness whioh won lha molhrr diectly; hid rvcry hope of sett i:-g her right .with out at-y violent or di.-a'reoabl" femidies ; but, when al e hai retired, slterei his tone; and told Mrs. Dodd orriously she had dor.e wrll ti seni for hi-n in timo ; it was a case of ' Hype -ffisthona' (Mrs. Dodd clapped her hands in ulirm), ' or as unprofeesio ml persons would tay, ' cxo:rs"ve sensibility.' Mrs Dodd was somewhat relieved. 'Jrinsla'ion Hunts thunderbolts. ; S io told him she had always friared f r her child cn that ecore. But was sensi bility curabb ? Could a nature be changed ? He rrplied, that tbe Idiosyncrasy could not ; bufc its morbid excess could, especially when taken in time. Advice was generally call d in too lite. Howtver, hire the only serious symptom was the Insomnia. 'We must. tr< at her for that,' said he, writiog a prescription ; ' but for the rest, active, em ployment., hong walks, or ride?, and a charigd of s'esne and associailo.-s, will bo-all Lhat will be required. In these cases,' resumid Mr. Osmond, ' connected as they are with Hppe te uia, some medioaT men c n aider moderate venesiet-'on lo.b'o icdiratod:' He then put on his gloves, saying, ' Tho di t, of course, must be Antiphlogistic. Let us say, then, .for break fast, dry toa-t, with very little butter—no o; ff-e— cocoa (from the nibs), or weak tea ; for luncheon, l)3rf tea or mutton-broth: fur dinner, a slice of rcasb chiekm, and tapioca, or Bemcl'tja," pudding. I would give her one glass of eber.-y, but.ro more, and barley- water ; it wou'd be as well to avoid all brown mest«, at oil events for the presm". With these precautions, my dear madam, I think your anxiety will soon be happily removed.' Julia took her long walk? and light diet.; and became a little pale at Ii;ne3, and had fewer burs'a of high spirit? in tbe intervols of depression. Her mother went with her care to a female frieni. The lady sail Ehe would not trust to turgeoni and apothe caries she would have a downright pbysic'an. ' Why not go to the top of the tree at once, and call in D". 8hort ? You have beard 1 of him ? ' ' Oh yes I have even mat him io society. ; a most refined person : I will certainly follow your advio0: and consult him. Oh, thank you, Mrs. Bosinquet ! Apropos, do you consider him skilful ? ' ' Oh, immensely ; he is a particular friend of my husband's.' This wa? so convincing, that off wet t another three-cocked note, and next day a dark -green car riage and pair daihed up to Mrs. Dodd's door, and Dr. Short b3nt himself in an arc, got out, and slowly mounted the stair?. He was six feet two, wonder fully thin, livid, and grntleman-liko. Fine long head, keen eye. lantern j iw?. At s'gbt of him Mrs. D jdd rosa and smilel, Julia started and sat tromblirig. He stepped arcs) tho room inaudibly, and af er the u;ual civil t'e?, glanced at the patient's tcngu», and touched hor wrist delicately. ' Pulse is raj id,' said he. Mrs. Doid detailed the symptom?. D?. Short listened with ths patient politeness of a gentleman, to who ti all this wa? superfluous He asked for a sheet of note piper, and dividid it bo gently, he see iicd to be persuading one thing to be two ; he wrot? a pair of prescriptions, and whilst thus em ployed lioked up every now and then and conversed with the ladie'. 'You have a flight subscapular affeo! ion, Hiss Dodd; I mean, a little, pain under the shoulder- bl-de.' 'So, sir,' said Juli3, quietly. Dr. Short lioked a l t'le surprisrd ; htB femsls pi'.ient? rarely contradicted, him. Was ; it for them to dieown things he wss so good bb to assign them ?. Ah !' said he, ' you sre not conscious of ir. : .all the better; it must bi el'gbt ; a mere uneaiinesa ; no more.' He then numbered tho prescriptions 1, 2, end advieed Mrs. D jdd to drop No. 1 afrer the, eighth day, an! substitute No. 2, to bo coctiuuedi until convalescence. He put on his gloves, to leave. Mre. Dodd, then, with some hesitation, asked humbly, whether she might ask hiiri what the disorder wa".' ' Ce-t-iinly, madam,' said ho, graciously;- 'your daughter is labouring under a slight torpidity of the liver. The first p?escrip'i">n is activa, and is to clear the gland itself, and. the biliary ducts, of. the excre tory aceumulitfon ; and the second is exhibited to promoto a healthy normal lubic in that important p:rfc of the vaeca'a- systom ' ' What, then, i' is n it Hyperesthesia ? ' ' Hyperm thesia? There is no such disordor in the bock?.' ' You surprise me,' siid Mrs. Dodd. ' Dr. Osmond certainly thought it was Hypermitheiia.' . And she cor.su'tel her ivory tablets whereon she had writteri the word. But, meantime, D \ Short's mind, to judge by his countenance, was away roiririig distant space iri search cf Osmond. ' Osmond ? Oatnond ? I do: n»t know that name in mcdiciro' 'O, O, O ! ' cried Julii, ' aud they both live in the some street !' M-s. Dodd held up her finger to this outspoken patient. . .. But a light seemsd to break in on Dr. Short. 'Ah ! you msan Mr. Osmond, a surg-on. A very reapeet- ablo man, a most roipectoble man. I do not know a, more oitimable person — in his grade of the profes sion— than my good friend Mr. Osmor-d. And so he gives opinions in medical CEBes does ho?' Dr. Short pauied, apparently to realise this phenomenon! in the world of Mind. He resumed in a. different tone : " You ,mayhayo misunderstood him.i. Hyper rcesthesia exists, of coprs3 ; emcGibe Bays 89. ;£ut Hy psi ©rthflsia is not a Complaint ; it is,, 8ymptoin Of biliery.clerangement. . My .worthy friend-lcoks, at disorders - from . a mi nt al ipoinV;; very natural .; .hi? interest lies: that; way, perhaps you ara aware ; hut ; pr;founder/ experience proves -that mental sanity is merely.one of- the results of bodily be?) th ; and 1 am tri assure that, the bilUry oaoel once cleai ed, and .the Becratione -rrqstored to the.- healthy, habit, by fhe?e, pre soription?, itho Hy perse itbesiai aqd other coricomi-. , . tant? of hepV iejderangatnent.wiH .riiaperBP, andJeave .our interesting.- patiout in=. the. fnj.iyment.. of. .. her natural. iiiteljig," nee, :har fr.eods' affectionate. admira tion, arid above all, of a sound coni titution.; Ladie?, I, have the honour r-'-and the, Doctor eked .out this senlei 03 by ris'ng. ' Obj thank you, Dr. Short,' said Mrs. Dodd, riling w.'th him ; 'you inspire, me- with confidence,- and gratitude.' As. if -under the influence of theae, feel ings oi.ly, she took Dr. Short's palm,- snd- pr?s?ed it. Of thetwohai ds, which met for a.mom-nt then; one was eoft and melting, the other a bunch ef bones ; but t-o' h w.i ra very, white, and so equally adroit, that a d - uble fee pa-.sed without the possibility: of a by stander suspejting it. Forithe beni fit of all young virgins slllietcd like Julia Dydd, hire are ti e Diotor'a prescriptions : : fob miss dodd. .; B :P J : Hyd-arg: Ciller: Co: . . | s>ngul: nocce sumend : . ' i- vi. r Decoc : Aioes Ou : 3j. .-. " i / 1 omni m-ne. . ;.f. ; r' ; ... r : vii;. Sept.r, j. S,J " i .;. . ; ; fob 3iis3 podp. :. i-. .. ,. ..: : -B; s; ;; Conf : Senras r < ;; : .' | , :r Potass :; Bitartrab. .; ; . .,-.v -u ! "Ex'r :;.Tarax: a;a 3;8 ; . : v; |M:sft:: El'ot- Oujus sum : 3j omti mane. . : xviii. Sept. J. S, .... Id :y Anqlioe reddit : per- mei Oarol : Arundiu : Uhelsamq done into English by me. O. ,R. . .. i . fob miss dodd. 1\. ,0 J upiter aid pa ! I Plummer's piil to bo taken: every night-. .1 tz. compound deooction of Aloes every morning. 1 . 8th Sept. J. 8. fob miss dodd. . . _2 O Japitfr; aid us ! ! with Confcetim of Senns, Bitor'rrle of Potash, extract of Dandelion, of each half an ounce; let an c'eetuiry be m:xed ; ,of which let hor take l drmhm every morning. -.it ; 18th Sept. J, S. ' Quits the oourtie-,' said Mr?. Didd, delight.-d. J ulia assented ; tha even added," with. nlistless yawn, 'I had no idea that a skel. ton was such a gent etnrin- lika thing ; I never saw .ono befprs.' . Mr j, Dodd admitted" that lis was thin. 1 Oh no, m jmrns ; ' thin-' implies some littlo fi .sh. When he fels my pulse, a chill struck to my heart ; Death in a black >uit s-emed to stealup to me, and lay :a "-finger on iny wris' : and m irk ino for his own.'' ' M- s; Doid forbade hor to give way I o such gloomy idea- 5; and. expostulated firmly with her for judging' learned men bv their bodies;' ' However,' said she, 'if the good, kind doctor's remedies do; not answer his expectations arid mine, I shall' take you. to Loo- don' directly.. I do hope papa will soon be at home." Poor Mrs. Djod wai herself 'slipping; into a mor-. bid state. A mother cjUeoiing Djctors ! It Is -a moib fasdna iag kiid 6f.'-connui:8eurship'j grows on one like Driuk ; like . Polemics ; like Melodrama like the Millennium ; like any Thing.; V Sure enough. the very next -week she and Julia sat: p itiently at the m ruing levse of an eminent arid titled Loudon surgeon. Full forty patients were before- them : so they, had to wait and wait. At last tiny, were .ushered into the presence-eham- ber, and mrb. Dodd entered on the beaten ground of her daughler's symj tou.-s. The noble surgiob slopped her civilly and promptly. ' Auscul tation will give us the c'.ue,' said he, and drew his stcthoseopj. Julia shrank and ca-t an appealing look at her mother; but tb imp. ssive chevulirr re ported ou each organ iu turn without moving h;s ear from the keyhole. 'Lungs prstty sound,' said' he, a. little plaintively : 's? is the liror. Now for 'the —i— Hum? There iy-.no .lavdiao. insuffieienoyj I think,! re'fcher , -mitral nor jriquspi 1. " If yye find no t-ndency- to hyperiVophy wq shall do very w.fl'. . Ah. I have sucoeede'l. i >. d:agdoeing a slight diastolie murmur; very el'gbt. He , deposited, the. instru ment, 'and eai-i, not without a certain shade of satis- faetiori that . bis r.-toirch had not been fruitless, ' The heart is tho peccan'. O'gan. ' Gh, sir ! ts.it serious ?' said poor M-s. DodJ. to nk continued. 