CHAPTER VII. THE! GRAVE AND THE ALTAR, Motjthi rolled on. At flrat not a day passed without Lord Herbert! visiting hia wife. Then dame intervals o! absence, dar ing whio'a he did not even write. Of course Jeannette.knew he was obliged to keep ap appearances, to study, tor show himself in sooiety, to visit his home. Bat then his manner changed. He was no longer im passioned. _ ^ - He was often oold and oonstrained, moody and silent. She would not think at first that ho was growing weary of her, but by degrees the conviotion forced itself upon her, and preyed npon her very soul. Her oheek grew pale, her eye dim, her beauty ladea. Fatal ohange! for beauty and tenderness were her only weapons. She lacked the ac complishments and the graces which aro the birthright of aristocratic ladies, and if her hnmble charms should desert her, she had no hold on the heart of the man who had stooped from his high station- to wed her. Lord Herbert Knightly had indeed failed in more than one respect. He had broken his pledge to his father not to gamble, and -ho had again exceeded hie liberal allowance. He had debts aad duns. * His establishment in St. John's Wood Terrace felt the effects of his embarrassments. He alleged to Jeannette unfortunate specula tions as the reason for cutailing his domestic expenses, and she cheerfully saw horses and oarriages sold, grooms dismissed, and the household reduced to a meagre minimum. But it was hard to have to press her husband - for money, to meet the grocer's, baker's and butcher's bills.. She knew there was some thing wrong, dreaded something fatal. Daring the first months of his secret marriage Lord Herbert had avoided society ; now he was at every distinguished ball, concert, picnio, arohery meeting. Every where he met Lady Fanny Westover. Since their first acquaintance her beauty had ripened into something marvellous, and she was followed by a train of ardent admirers. But she distinguished him above all others, and his marked ~ attentions compromised both. Though he never said anything to Jean nette about his'social movements, the news papers, such as the Morning Post, and Court Journal, chronicled them. The fact is, he was leading a wild, desperate life, regardless ofall consequences. High play and deep drinking divided hi3 nights with theatres, balls, and dinner parties. He betted on the turf with the varying luck of a follower of fortune. The earl and the countess both became un easy about him. They looked on a brilliant marriage as the only means of saving him, and they already treated Lady Fanny West over as their future daughter-in-law. Lord Herbert's attentions to her were unmistak able. No honorable man could be so as siduous without giving the objeot of his ad dresses and the world to understand that he loved her. . Yet Lord Herbert never deliberately pur posed to repudiate his marriage with Jean nette. He even, pressed by hia father to settle in life, meditated precipitating an avowal, and braving all the consequences, though his first love had long since grown , Oold, 488 He had long been absent from his chambers in the temple, and left no address, and therefore was without news from his wife; bat one ni-zht ha thought ho wonld pay her a visit. There were reasons why he should not have been a single day away from her side, but his heart was now'steeled, and he had ignored those reasons. The servant who opened the door said not a word to him. He passed up into the draw ing-room, found it empty, and then into the chamber overhead. . Jeannette was lying on the bed; beside her a new-born infant. An. old nurse, who was present, rose and left the room. "Ah! you have come at last, Herbert 1" said Jeannette, in a-faint voice. VI was afraid you would oome too late." Lord Herbert leaned over and kissed the white fa'oe. He was conscious- strioken.' "Our ohild-onr baby-daughter I" con tinued the wife, inclining her head towards the little pink face on the pillow. " Too will take care of her-when-I am gone." "Whatdo yoa mean?" cried Lord Her bert, bending over the couoh. " Are you not doing well?" "I-am-dying," murmured the poor woman. "Hashl Herbert. It is Heaven's deoree. The ohild-call her Carmeline-it is a fancy of mine. You will not balk my last Wish-will yoa, darling?" " Jeannette-dearest-live 1-live for my sake-for our child's. I will acknowledge you as my wife to-morrow-yoa have the proof 1" "HereI" she said, toaohing the bosom of her dress. Thon Bhe added; "Give me your hand, dearest." He took her hand ; it was already cold, but the fingers pressed his slightly. He was not made of steel-he was a man, and his tears dropped like rain upon the poor, thin -white hand. " Do not_ weep, dearest," murmured his wife. "Believe me.it is belter thus. Kiss mel Now good-night I Baby-do not forget." I With a wild ory he trenched his hand from the tightened grasp. He gazed in his j wife's face-it was the face of death. Long he sat there in the darkened chamber. After the first burst of human, passionate grief, an awe fell upon him* Then there came a harder feeling, for dissipation, debt, distress, had steeled his heart. " Better thus." he muttered. " It was she who said it. Better to die than to oatlive love. And she is dead. That yellow waxen figure was once my poor bright Jeannette 1 What a soul she had 1 But is all over now* I am free t She died just in time." He had the nerve, that permaturely hardened man, to famble in her dress, and take forth the certificate of marriage. It Was the little sleeping 'baby's birthright, and he was robbing both the living and the dead. As he removed the paper, it seemed as if a frown passed over the face of the corpse, but it-wa3 only the wavering of the wax light that produced the effect. Lord Herbert opened the paper and made sure that it was genuine. Then he held it in the flame of the candle till the laBt inch was burnt to ashes. ^ The blaze scorched his fingers, but he did not feel the pain. "Good-evening, my lord 1" said a man's voice, that sounded like thunder in the hush of the death-ohamber. " Why do you call me my lord ?" asked Herbert, turning on Thomas Wilson. "Because it is respectful, Lord Herbert Knightly," answered the man. He was perfeotly sober, and perfeotly cool. . " Are yoa aware whom yoa are addressing, sir?" , " Perfeotly. I am'speaking to Lord Her-' bert Knightly, my sister's husband." " Prove what yoa say." * " It.is very easy to prove your identity." " But the marriage ?" . . Wilson looked blank. Yon do not deny that yon were married to yonder dead mother?" "I do deny it, and I challenge you".to produce contrary evidence." "You do not deny that your are the father of that ohild, my lord ?" " I do not deny that." \- '"And you propose to abatidon the in fant?" "I propose to do no such thing. Hear ma. I have a proposition to make to you. You are needy-so, for the present, am . I. But I oan oommand money, when I strain a nerve. Here are a hundred pounds for the funeral expenses of your unfortunate sister. As for the child, I offer you five thousand pounds sterling, to take charge of it-to adopt and rear it qb your own. If you will call at my chambers to-morrow at noon, I will satisfy you as to the payment. I give you five minutes to consider the proposition. Bejcct it, and I will make an arrangement with a stranger.' Thomas Wilson did not need five minutes to consider. He acoepted. The nobleman and adventurer ratified the bargain by clasping hands over the bed of death. From that moment Lord Herbert did not cast one look upon the face of his dead wife," herjwhose fair name he had slandered for the sake of her own brother. Without a look" at the bed where the silent form of her he had loved lay, he left the room and stole out of the house of death. " To the Carleton!" he ordered almost -fiercely, as he sprang into his cab He was in full evening dress, lavender kids on his hands, a nosegay in his button-hole. He was engaged for a ball at a duchess' that evening, and he meant to keep his appoint ment. But first he must have brandy. He drank so deep that one of his acquaintances stood aghast at his recklessness, and; re monstrated. " Mind your own affairs, WeBtley," .re torted Lord Herbert; "I oan take care of myself." He was as cool, apparently, as if he had swallowed so much water, only the guests at the duchess' notioed that he was in unusually high spirits. Lady Fanny Weatover was his partner in a quadrille.- He hung over he? after he had j conducted her. to her seat, where an old dowager, her chaperon, was waiting for her. " Remember, you ate mine for the waltz," he whispered. "To-night I monopolize you." The orohestra soon struck np the symphony of one of Lannier's wildest, most maddening waltzes. "This is something' like life 1'* he whis pered, as she h.ung on his shoulder, and the pace became fast and furious, as a turfman would say. " For what is life itself but one long, wild, whirling waltz ? When we have done spinning, we sink into the grave-don't you see?" "You talk very strangely to-night," panted Lady Fanny. y Do I ? that is because I am. in such high spirits. You know I love you, and now that I feel the pressure of your hand, your per fumed breath upon my oheek, I am in Para dise. Ate you happy ?" " Yes," was the.murmured reply. Suddenly the music Btopped. They were alone upon the floor. As he led heir to her seat he pressed her hand, and the pressure was returned. " Mine ?" he asked, bending down to catch the reply. " Yours wholly," was the answer, distinct, though low. The accepted suitor of Lady Fanny West over 1 And what about the unburied woman that lay at that moment on the little white bed in St. John's Wood? Why did that still face rise among the blooming cheeks, and the fair; forms and the glittering diamonds, and -wax-lights of the duchess' ball in Belgravia 1 Why? Why? There was no accounting for each things; bot it was possible to drown a ghost in waves of champagne and Bar gundy. So Lord Herbert drank, bat could not forget. Two weeks after war ds there was an ariatoora tio marriage at St. George's, Hanover square," duly chronicled by Jenhins of the morning Post, and the bridegroom was Lord Herbert Knightly; the bride, Lady Fanny Weetover. The " happy couple" departed immediately after the wedding breakfast, for an extensive -tour on the Continent. "Happy? Of course they were. 