MARTIN DEVERIL'S DIAMOND. A NOVEL. CHAPTER IX. THE OTH1.B SIDE. Br ADELINE SSBCSEANT, Author cf " JAOOBI'S WIFE/' &0, Cicely's disappointment in Mr. Giles Kinglake's demeanour led her to welcome his promised visit nest day with very little pleasure, although her manner remained Btuaiously, and eren anxiously, courteous to bim. He seemed bent so'.ely on thoughts of business—he made notes, measurements, and drawings, and when he came into lunch at her invitation he talked a good deal about recent literature with Mrs. Le Breton, whom he appeared to find a very interesting com p&nion;, and very little about the work that he was doing amongst" the manor houses of Kent." At another time Cicely would have been pleased to listen to him, for he talked unaffectedly and well about subjects in whish she was at bome; but she was rather put out of tune by the discovery that she had lavished a good deal of sympathy where it was not needed, and, although she avowed herself heartily glad of the fact, it was not ii human nature that she should be devoid of some consciousness of humiliation. Sbe was quieter and graver, therefore, than usual, and Giles Kinglake would certainly have set her down for a child of seventeen had he not known from various other facts that she must be over that age. He went back to his work alter luncheon expecting to see no more of her; but it happened that about 4 o'clock the two encountered each other in the garden, at a point which Kinglake would scarcely have reached had he not well remembered bis way about the grounds. He raised his hat when he saw Cicely, and apologised. " 1 was trying to take the short cut from the house to the Church. Miss Lorraine," he said. " You have blocked up the gate, 1 see, at this end of the grounds." " Yea," said Cisely, briefly. " Papa wished to keep the village people out. They made a thoroughfare of the garden." "Jut-so. Then 1 must go round by the road?' "There is a little gate further on," said Cicely, in a somewhat ill-assured voice. "It has ODly been made lately, although my father consented to it before he died. I—we —thought that the people were incon- venienced by the change, and we wanted to beep everything as it had been in the old days—in the days of your family." "It looks to me as if things were a great deal better managed now than they were in our day," said Kinglake, as he followed Cicely down a narrow track through a fir plantation which led to a gate in the fence. " I do not think that you need regret the past, Miss Lorraine." "But surely you must regret it!" said Cicely, indignantly. "I'm afraid I don't. I never regretted Lady well Priory in the least, if that is what •you mean." " But haven't you any sense of old associations when you come here? I often wish that the Grange was mine; there are real memo- . ries of our own people .connected with it. I like it much better than the Priory. I like to be amongst my own people, ana I should have thought, Mr. Kinglake, that you would like it too. There was distinct reproach in Cicely's tone.. She resented his hardness of heart with respect to old -associations as if it had been as injury done to herself. " I am still amongst my own people, so far as I hare any," said he, meditatively. " All the relations that I have are with me in "London, Miss Lorraine. I have made my own associations." " Ah, but think of all the ghosts that you have left behind !" cried Cisely. " 1 hope my ghoBts don't annoy yon," said Mr. Kinglake. " In my time they were very quiet and well-bred; they never came uninvited." Gicely was obliged to laugh. " I feel as if you should have taken your spectres with jou," she said. " I fancy it is only the ghosts of one's own relations that are tolerable." "Perhaps so." Then be was silent and seemed to reflect a little. " Til tell you how I should get rid of them, Miss Lorraine. should refurnish the place completely. I should lay bare the picture gallery and fill it with really good paintings; in fact, I should banish all trace of the past from every part of the house, and * restore' it after the newest fathion. It must be very disagreeable to live in a place where the existence of former occupants is forced upon you whether you like it or not." " Do you mean," said Cicsly, slowly, "tbit you would feel no regret at all if we cnanged everything in the place that reminded people of your family ? that, supposing we had at once called in Maple—or Morris even—and metamorphosed every room in the house, you would absolutely—not—mind ?" For the first time Mr. Kinglake hesitated and traded his beard a little doubtfully. 'They had both halted near the gate which opened upon the highroad, and were facing each other. Cicely's eyes were fixed earnestly upon his face—it was plain that the question was one of no trivial importance to her. Giles Kinglake's look was bent npsn the ground. v- "1 won't say," he answered at last, " that I should like to see so complete a change as the one you seem to suggest. I should perhapB feel that it was a pity to sweep away anything that might be called of historic interest. But it seems to me, Miss Lorraine, if you will forgive me for saying so, that you have been preserving things that are of very little value; and my advice to you would be to keep only the things you like for their own sake, not the things that you think the former occupants cared for." " I think everybody with any taste prefers old things that nave a history to the brandnew, shining, varnished articles out of an : upholsterer's shop," said Cicely, with some defiance of manner. fe "Of course. But there is a point where new furniture becomes necessary," said Kinglake, dryly. There was another pause, and then Cicely laughed, and seemed to regain her usual gay \- good humour. " I was afraid that you would look with scorn on our modem innovations," she said. Not at alL I like modern innovations." " Unromantic though they may be ?" "I'll tell you what it is, Miss Lorraine," said Giles, with decision which was not devoid of bluntness, "I don't think you know or can imagine what a life ours was during this last few years of our stay here, or you would never expect me to have kept up a sentimental fondness for the place. Do you know what poverty Is ? Can you gue3s what it is to have a big place like this which you can't keep up, ana to live in COP stant fear that the bailiffs may appear in your drawingroom any morning ? or to know that members of your family—yonx mother, perhaps, or your sisters—are suffering for want of money which the sale of the house would put into your hands ? I was a precocious boy, and I felt these matters very keenly; ana it was to me at least like the lifting of a great load from my shoulders when my father made up : his mind to sell the place, pay his debts, ana live quietly abroad. He felt the change, and I believe that my mother felt it too; but, to tell the truth, 1 didn't" "Now I understand," said Cicely. Giles Kinglake did not look as if he heeded her response. His face was turned from her, his brow bent, Ids eye fixed on a distant psint before him. A new thought crossed Cicely's mind. She spoke hastily. "Come down this walk with me. I must show you something. I wait to know whether 1 have done right in this." He followed her, scircely noticing whither she was leading him, nstil they reached a plot of ground divided into three or four flower-beds with walks between them, and a low wocden bench under a weeping willow at the side. Kinglake's eyes brightened as he looked at the beds and then into Cicely's face, tout he said nothing.•> " Is it true what Farrant told me ?" she began, eagerly. "Were these not little children's gardens ? I did not like to disturb them; but now I do not know" She stopped short, and Kinglake answered her with a grateful look. " Yes, these were our gardens when we wore children. There were four of us." 1 " Farrant said that these two belonged to your sisters—the little ones who died," sjiid Cicely, colouring and speaking in a low voice. I thought when I came here first that as they had been kept unchanged so long wonld keep them too. But this morning I wondered whether I had not been mistaken." " No, vou were not mistaken," said Giles, alsently' This was Ella's plot, and the other was Kate's. They died of scarlet fever'when they were 7 and 9 years old. They were both buried in the churchyard." He paused a moment and then looked into Cicely sympathetic face. 'TThat was why I roent to go to the churchyard. I remember my little sisters very well." " The other plots belonged to you and your brother, did they not ?' " Yes; that one in the corner was Frank's. He fell in a skirmish with a hill tribe in India ten years ago. We planted that willow-tree together. There was a silence. The tears were very near Cicely's eyes. Mr. Kinglake seemed nncocsdous of her presence. He paced round the little garden walks, examined some initials — " G. K." and " F. K."— ruDfehly cut upon the bench, and plucked a leaf or two from the willow-tree. His face was quiet and grave—a little moved, perhaps —ana for a long time he said nothing At last he returned to Cicely's side, and spoke in his usual clear and open fashion. " Thank you, Miss Lorraine," he said. " I don't nlLid what you do about the Chippendale chairs or the portraits of my ancestors, but I do like to see tbese little gardens still undisturbed, and I feel deeply obliged to you for keeping them as they were. "I will always keep them so," said Cicely, " and if there is anything else that I can do— anything that you would like untouched—I shall be glad to carry ont your wishes." "There is nothing else, thank you. Bat don't feel bound to keep these plots if you want the ground for anything eke. Miss Lorraine, just because of an association which is, of^course, nothing at all to you. I confess that it has been a pleasant surprise to me to find them looking so much as they used to do; but after all it signifies very little whether they are here or not. They will always exist unchanged in my memory, and if I close my eyes I shall always be able to see Frank foundling a wheelbarrow down the path, and the two little girls shaking seeds into the soft black mould." "Tbey shall never be altered in my time,' Baid Cicely with great earnestness, as they walked away. "And, Mr. Kinglake, we shall always be pleased to see you here when you are in the neighbourhood. Even when I am away in the autumn, if you let my cousin Philip know beforehand that you wish to go over the house he would send word to the housekeeper. Perhaps your family—your relations—would also like to see it." (To be continued.} 