WILLIAM O'BRIEN ON 'THE POWER OP THE IRISH RACE.' AN ELOQUENT AND PATBIOTIC ADDEESS. On Friday night, January 15, Mr, Oifnen, M.P., the editor of United Ireland, delivered a brilliant lecture before the Cork Young Ire land Society. There was a very large and enthusiastic audience— the largest ever seen in tho spacious hall of the Assembly Rooms since the erection of the building. The audience included a large number of clergymen from the city and county, while the ladies were as numerically strong as they are on all public occasions, but more especially on patriotic ones. The Baerack- street Band played a choice selec tion of music both before and after the lecture. Alderman Hooper (the vice-president of the society) occupied the chair. Mr. W. O'Brien was received with enthusi astic cheering and waving of hata. When the excitement had subsided, the gifted speaker addressed the assembly : — Ifc is not the first time I have bad to thank from the bottom of my heart the kind-hearted people of Cork for a generous and inspiriting welcome such as you have given me. The term ' lecture ' in relation to what you are going to hear from me, seems to me a most solemn and portentous term. It always frightens me when I see the word ' lecture 'upon an advertisement of any thing I, am going, to say, because I feel how utterly it seems to suggest a treat far and away iii ,- excess of anything that I can pos sibly hope to give you here to-night, with the very limited and very hurried time that my busi ness arid my health enabled me to give to the preparation of the remarks that I intend to offer to you to-night. I have, therefore, to thro w myself open to your indulgence, and I know right well that that indulgence won't fail. (Applause.) Some time ago a leading English statesman made the extraordinary statement that he could not see why four millions of people in Ireland should have any better right to a Parliament of their own than four millions of people within the metropolitan area of London. That appeared to me a. revolting way of looking at a question which has been consecrated by the hopes and the suffer ings and the best blood of twenty generations of men. Whenever you hear a coia-Diooaea senti ment of that kind you may always be sure it comes from a Radical and a patron of Ireland. In fact, Mr. Chamberlain need, not go a bit further than his own declaration to prove what a very considerable difference there may be between our four millions and his fotir millions, and how hard it is for the most painstaking of English Radicals to understand us ; because I have no doubt he would be greatly surprised to hear that, in the eyes of the Irish people, his way of deal ing with the aspirations of our venerable and ancient race is more repulsive than Cromwell's. Cromwell, at all events, under stood that we were flesh and blood, men with a country and a creed, with something in the hearts and souls within them that made them proud to die for Ireland under his sword and cannon. Mr. Chamberlain treats nations as if they were casual wards in one huge workhouse. There he has us all ticketed and numbered and clad in the same dingy uniform, and hs can't understand for the life of him what more we can desire in life than to be fed at regular hours by England, who is, of course, to be always matron of this establishment. An English country yokel, who was once asked what was his idea of eternal happiness, is said to have replied, ' Swinging on a gate munching bread and cheese.' Well, there is no accounting for tastes. It may be our misfortune that we cannot rise to the ambition of keeping the English gentleman on tho gate company for all eternity, but what are we to think of the statesmanship that can see no dif ference between Hodge's way of looking at life and Lord Edward Fitzgerald's or Thomas Davis'sF How are we to argue with a man who think3 that Irishmen can stand upon the battlefield of Ben burb and ask their hearts no other question than how the land is rented about there, or on the slopes of Vinegar Hill experience a3 little emotion as if they were Cockney vestrymen agi tating for a new street or a main sewer through Ludgate Hill. There are five hundred bells in London which chime just as melancholy and tell the hour with, perhaps, rather more accuracy than the Bells of Shandon. According to Mr. Chamberlain, a bell is a bell whether it tolls through the fogs of the Thames or floats over the pleasant waters of tho River Lee. It is simply so many hundred weight, of bell metal hammered together for the purpose of telling all nations impartially what o'clock it is, and the only reason why a utilitarian philosopher should think more of one than another is that it is a better time keeper. But what Corkman has ever wan dered about that seething, heartless mighty London '? city, and heard the crash and * * jangle of bells through the murky, ' air all around him, without, /feeling that on all that brazen opera of . steeples there was no uu'ssage that could steal into the sanctuary of his heart like one note from the bells Whose son n Is bo wild would Iri the days of childhood Fling round his cradle their magic spell. It is just the same with all the other emotions of the Irish heart. You can no more impart the subtle enchantment of home to a Parliament or a Government in London than you could transfer the potency of the Shandon bells to£r& London belfry, even if you were to transfer tlie bells. I do not envy the mental structure of. the man who could read a page of Irish history, or even cast his eye over an Irish landscape without understanding that the Irish cause is not a mere affair of vulgar parish interests, but is woven as inextricably around the Irish heart as the net work of arteries through which it draws its blood, and the delicate machinery of nerves by which it receives and communicates its impulse. That cau-?e has all the passionate romance and glow of love. Ib is invested with something of the mysterious sanctity of religion. No knight of chivalry ever panted for the appearance of beauty with a prouder love-light in his eyes than the flashing glance with which men have wel comed their death-wound to tho fierce music of battle for Ireland. The dungeons in which in numerable Irishmen have grown gaunt and grey with torment are illuminated by a faith only less absorbing than tho ethereal light of the cloister, and by visions only less entrancing. The passion of Irish patriotism is blent with whatever is en nobling and divine in our being, with all that is tonderest in our associations, and most inspiring in the longings of our hearts. It dawns upon us as sweetly aB the memory of the first gaze of a mother's loving eyes. It is the whispered poetry of our cradles. It is the song that is sung by overy brook that gurgles by us, for every brook has been in its day crimsoned with the blood of heroes. It is the weird voice we hear from every graveyard where our fathers are sleeping, for every Irish graveyard contains the bones of un canonised saints and martys. When the farmers of the penal laws refused us books and drew their thick black veil over our Irish history they forgot that the ruins they had themselves made were the most eloquent schoolmasters, the most stu pendous memorials of a history and a race that were destined not to die. They might give our flesh to the sword and our fields to the spoiler, but before they could blot out the traces of their crimesj or deface the title-deeds of our heritage, they would have had to uproot to their last scrap of sculptured filagree the majestic shrines in which the old race worshipped, they would have had to. demolish to their last stone the castles which lay like wounded giants through the land to mark where the fight raged the fiercest. They would have had to level the pillar towers and to seal up the sources of the holy wells, and even then they would not have stilled the voice of Ireland's past, for in a country where every green hillside has been a battlefield-, and almost every sod beneath our feet a soldier's sepulchre, the very ghosts would rise up as witnesses through the penal darkness, and to the Irish imagination, the voice of the night would come, laden with the memories of wrongs unavenged, and of a strife un finished, and of a hope which only brightened in suffering, and which no human weapon could sub due. (Applause.) The Celtic is a race ruled by its spiritual instincts rather than by those more ravenous virtues which we share with the hogs and the wolves, and a race clad in the beamy celestial armour of faith and hope is imperish able, no matter how disarmed, bare, and degraded in the eyes of a triumphant soldiery or a more ruthless legislature. (Applause.) In the darkest hour of the penal night, when it was transporta tion to learn the alphabet, and when Irishmen were rung outside the gates of Irish cities like lepers at sun-down by the sound of the evening bell, it is not too much to say that the one simple little treason-song, ' The Blackbird,' sung low around the winter fireside in the mountain shieling, had more influence in preserving the spirit of Irish Nationality than all the enact ments of the diabolical Penal code enforced by all tho might of England could counteract. (Applause.) What th« star that shone over Bethlehem on the first Christmas night was to the three Eastern Magi ; what the vision of the Holy Grail was to the Knights of the Round Table ; what the Holy Sepulchre was to the dying eyes of the Crusaders fainting in the parched Syrian desert, that to the children of the Irish race was and is the tradition that there has been, and the faith that there will be a golden- hearted Irish nation, the land of song and wit and mirth and learning and holiness, and all the fair flowering of the human mind and soul. By the light of thsvt message, glinting out in ineffaceable rainbow colours, no matter what angriest storm clouds crossed the Irish sky, generation after generation have marched gaily to their doom on the battlefield or scaffold ; and the statesman who hopes to settle accounts with Ireland by mending our clothes, and giving its an additional meal a day without satisfying that imperious spiritual craving of the high-strung Celtic nature may as well legislate for a time when the green hills of holy Ireland will wear the red livery of England, and when the birds on tho Irish bushes will chirp ' Rule Britania/' (Cheers.) Conqueriug' nations of the coarse material textures of the ancient Romans and the modern English havo never been able to under stand why little nations like Ireland should cling to their own hopes and ideals, instead of emhrac ing the new gods and scrambling for their share of the world- wide enrpijo which they have had the same share in building up that the hundreds of thousands of slaves who perished under King Rameses' lash had in building the great pyramid. I have no doubt that ICing Xerxes' courtiers were just as much disgusted at Leonidas' folly in stand ing to be killed in the Pas3 of Thermopylae with his absurd little mob of 300 men, instead of sensibly coming over to dinner with the glitter ing hoats of the Persians and sharing the good things that were going as tho ordinary English man is with our obstinacy in dreaming of a National Parliament instead of learning senso and taking our pell oat of the Hiadoos, and carrying all before us in the Civil Service. But, as a matter of historical fact, it is to small states that the world owes its laws, its fine arts, its learning, its religion, its music, its paintings, and all.tne finer elements of ifc'civilization, while, the great military empires of ±he Macedonians, and the Persians, ana the Scythians/arid the Tartars, have passed over the earth and left no trace but hecatombs of bones. (Applause.) Furthermore, I cannot recall a single instance in which the genius of a small state has been successfully transferred into the more splendid empires which, absorbed them. The little state which gave the world Aristotle and Socrates, and Demosthenes, and Praxiteles,, while its genius was nursed in freedom within a territory less than that of the -county Cork, produced 'nothing better than the -Graeculi esuriintes — the little Greek pimp's of Roman satire — when its enslaved chilren were bribed to Rome to minister to the glory and luxury of their conquerers. The Italian city republics, which, while their citizens numbered less than the burgess roll of Cork city, conquered the East, and discovered the West, and made Italy blossom- like a rose garden up to the moun tain crests — the tiny states which glittered with immortal names, such as those of Dante and' Da Vmci and Michael Angelo and Columbus an under a shower of stars — were struck with barren ness and desolation the moment they became in corporated in the great realms of Austria. In our own century little Belgium, which, as an annex of the French Empire, withered and de cayed, has in one generation of autonomy sprung into an activity which confronts English trade in Birmingham and Sheffield and has outstripped Europe in tho race for the wealth of the dim re gions of equatorial Africa. Had Ireland, too, no capabilities for increasing the sum of human happiness which were shriveled up under the - blight of English domination ? Has she no seeds of greatness in her bosom to-day which want but the rays of her own unimprisoned genius to burst forth into the glory of flower and fruit P , (Cheers.) We have two tests such as no other race that I know of can answer so well — her deeds in her day of freedom, and her vitality after seven centuries of wasting bondage. (Ap plause.) The Irish race never had fair play. Their growth as a nation was mutilated at the moment when all the other States of modern Europe were struggling out of chaos. - Judging Ireland by her state at the Norman conquest is like judging English Parliamentary institutions by the condition of the Saxon churls after the battle of Hastings, or the civilization of Rome by the days when an emperor was stabbed or poisoned every other year by the palace guards. Tet, if we confine our judgment of Ireland to those centuries from the coming of St. Patrick to the Danish invasions — centuries during which the other nations of Europe were simply shifting camps of savages — we shall find Ireland the sanctuary aud the only xincontaminated fountain of civilization, and a civilization all the more marvellous that it was not derived from Rome or Greece, but grew up of its own native vigour like a violet in some tmvisited doll. (Applause.) Roman history furnishes no fairer picture than that of Ireland in he!' golden age — the one lustrous star in an European night. Her people enjoyed the equality of a modern republic. Their chiefs were of their own choice ; the lands belonged to the whole people. A system of law prevailed so mild that the bard was the most formidable power in the community. The sound of festivities in their halls, the chant of a thousand saints in their thousand churches, the enthusiasm of learning that lighted their schoo?s, come down to us across the gloomy gulf of ages that followed, and make us doubt whether modern civilization, with all its new-fangled refinements, but redoubled cares, can give us anything to compare with the simple happiness of that old race, with their bright wits, their mirthful hearts, the sensitive organization which could be ruled by the power or music, and the glorious enthusiasm which inspired them to bear the torch of religion and learning to the ends of a darkened world. (Loud applause.) Her laws, religion, arts, and (hospitality were combined with a colonizing capacity beyond any seen since the days of the Greek migration to Ionia aud Sicily, and with a warlike vigour which for 300 years enabled her to withstand the attacks of the terrible Northmen who overran England with as much facility as the Anglo-Saxons and the Romans had done before them. The Scottish Highlands are peopled to this day with an Irish colony as strongly marked with the characteris tics of their origin as if the lamp of St. Columb Icille still shone from the cliffs of Ionia, and'the . footsteps of the saints and scholars who formed the Irish army of civilization may still be. tracked in lines of light into the heart of the Swiss Alps, and to the furthest shores of Sicily. , (Applause.) The marvel is not that civilization, after strug gling manfully through three centuries, of .Danish barbarism should have been unable to.. face ;seyen centuries more of English savagery, but that a book, or a man, or even a ruin, of the, race should survive to tell the tale after ten centuries of un ceasing battle for the bare life. . But the .Irish race not merely survived that black .deluge of suffering and plunder which has for ten hundred years submerged the land. It ?emerges from that long eclipse, with youth .renewed,, with strength redoubled, with' hope undimmed, and with all the mental and moral capacities of a great nation only braced and rejuvenated'; by sufferings that would have broken the spirit and debased the sotvL of any other nation.' This second youth and vigour, more robust than the first, after so horrifying an abyss ofyearB, is a phenomenon of which history gives us no other example. The restored Greece of to-day is to the Greece of Pericles what the prowling Arabs who pilfer the Egyptian Pyramids are to the magnificent monarchs who built them. The creatures who dwell around the ruins of the Colosseum still call themj^lves Romans, and masquerade in the grave-cloths of their august ancestors ; but nobody expects new Ciceros to rise among the degenerate chatterers of the Corao, or new Ctesars to shake the world from the puny throne of the Quirinal. The Irish race of to-day, on the contrary, take up their mission just where English aggression cut it short seven centuries ago, and leap to their feet as buoyantly as though the whole hideous tragedy of the intervening ages were but the nightmare of an uneasy dream. (Ap plause.) The same sanguine blood bounds in their veins ; the same hopes, here and hereafter, inspire thorn, the rosy freshness that suffused the morning sky of the race, still kisses the hilltops of tho future, as tranquilly as though its radiance bad never been buried in the lightnings and the . ;, biood-red rain of ghastly centuries. (Cheers.) There is here no taint of intellectual or physical ,. .degeneracy. The same faith that once inhabited ., ..the ruined shrines is rebuilding them'. The same passion for valour, beauty, spirituality, learning, .', hospitality, and all that is adventurous , abroad '. .and- affectionate, at home is still the badge and ,' cognisance of of the Celtic race. They are the ': same passionate, stormy-souled, kindly-hearted,, .'; -fighting, worshipping, colonizing and lightning ? - - witted race of Ireland's golden prime, -with this substantial difference, that instead of being a ,. million of people in scattered pastoral clans, buried in this island, they are now twenty millions, doing the work and the soldiering and. the, statesmanship and the sacred shepherding of three continents, and whether in the Australian mines or in, the Canadian woods bound to this small island by stronger links than if Treland : were a despot that could stretch out a world wide sceptre to, enforce their allegiance. (Cheers.) , The Celtic race ,, to-day is in fact, as conspicuous a factor in human society as the Teutonic. It i3 little less in numbers ; it is as distinct in type; iL has as rich a range of capacities, sympathies, and ideals of its own ; its fine susceptibilities and aerial genius are capable of exerting a potent and saving influence upon . an age which seems only too ready to. accept this .world as. a gross feeding-trough at which happi ness consists in greedy gorging. There are signs .that English statesmen are beginning to realise , that a race such as that may be conciliated, but may by no possibility be blotted out (cheers). There are signs that the genius of the Celtic race is about to be restored to its natural throne, and to receive its natural development (cheers). God grant it ! Mere surly, vengeance for vengeance sake has never been a passion of the Irish heart. There are many nations whose arms and arts and prosperity stand indebted to the Irish raoe. There is, not one that owes us a grudge for a deed of wanton offence or aggression. Our quarrel even with England is bounded by her rule within the .shores of Ireland. The man who would rashly thwart any effort of statesmanship to tranquillise , the dark and blood-stained passions that have raged for many an evil century between conquer ing England and unconquerable Ireland, would ' assume a responsibility which I for one, and I believe this audience, shrink from sharing. But , looking back now, as calmly as an Irishman may, over the appalling gulf of years, since the first attempt of England to subjugate this island , — counting- its confiscations all over again, realiz , ing the horrors of all its inassacras, pierced with the agony and. humiliation of all that endless, hopeless strife — it is my firm persuasion that the Irish race of to-day would drain that bitter cup again, would tread that National Calvary of shame and torment all over again, would plunge ,, back once more into that night of horrors which seemed to know no dawning, would welcome the axe and the gibbet and the battlefield once more rather than surrender in this their hour of strength and pride the mission, which their fathers have bequeathed to them with the- blood in their veins — the mission of vindicating their despised and trampled race, and of giving Celtic genius onee more a home and a throne in the bosom of a disenthralled and regenerated Irish nation. (Great cheering.) A vote of thanks was moved by Mr. Maurice Healy, M.P., and supported by two Protestant .gentlemen, the Her. M. Stevenson and Dr. Tanner. Mr. O'Brien, in concluding his reply, said:^— \- We have, thank God, made marvellous strides ever since the last time that I had the honour to i stand upon the platform of the Cork Young Ire land Society. I remember very well that it was ? the night of Mr. Trevelyan's resignation. ??- (Groans.) It was the night that we heard of Mr. 'Trevelyan's resignation; and I ventured on that occasion to predict that, as Mr. Trevelyan had ? gone that day, Earl Spencer — (great groaning) — ? 'would go to-morrow, and that English rule in Ireland would go the day after. (Cheers.) Well, the half of that prophecy is already fulfilled and I almost — I may be sanguine — but I almost think that possibly when next I have the honour of standing upon this platform I may be in a posi tion to announce that the . fulfilment of the prophecy has been completed — (cheers) — and that English rule has departed and has passed away for ever from Ireland. It is a time of glorious and of well-founded hopes for Ireland ; it is also a time of very great anxiety. It is time that will demand all the wisdom and all the patriotism and 1 the mutual forbearance and the unshaken confi dence in our leader that Mr. Parnell looks to, to en able him to realize the hopes that are dawning, and ? ' dawning so splendidly over our cause. (Cheers.) I am sometimes, I believe,' considered rather an extreme sort of man (laughter), and certainly it ? is my pride, according to the small extent of my opportunities, that I did not meet many men who were very much more extreme, even putting this '?audience to ifc. (Cheers.)- Well, it is' for that ? very reason that I don't dread to- say in presence of this great audience of rebel Corkmen ' (cheers), perhaps as extreme an audience as myself (loud cheers), ' as extreme an audience, perhaps, as could be gathered within the four seas of Ire land—Cheers) — I don't hesitate to say in the presence of this great audience of Corkmen, that ' ' if England is wise enough to rise above her pre judices and to r|se above her guilty fears, and strike an honest and an honourable treaty of peace with the Irish nation, I do not hesitate to say that the men who were and who will ever be the most irreconcilable to English rule in Ireland and who would be most ready to resent and resist it to the death — that they uiay possibly be found to be the men who would be the first to welcome and the staunchest to stand by an honourable settlement that might brinjf peace and industry and happiness, combined with freedom and National independence, to our native land. (Great cheering.) 