Thirst for Gold. -» A Thrilling Story of To-lay. CHAPTER UL-(Continued.) 'Bj no means. Tty this' (he emt ched a prei eription which would not luve misbecome tho tomb of Cheops) 5 ' and cam« again in a month.' Tirg ! He struck a bell. Tit it 'ting' said, 'Go, lue Guinea; and le1, another oome." ' Heart diteaee now!* asid Mr«. Dodd, linking back in her bi.ed carriage, and I he tearB we» in ber patient eje». 'My own, own mamma,' eaid Julia, earnestly, 'do not distress yourself. I have no disease in the world, but my old, old, old one, of being a cai gbty, wayward girl. As for jon, mamma, you bate re- signed your own judgment to your inferió», and that is both our misfortune!. Dear, dear mamma, do laka me tn a doctrcsi next time, if you have not had enough.' 'Toa what, love?' ' A she-doctor, then.' * A female phytician, child? There is no inch thing. No: assurance is becoming a characteristic of our sex ; but we hato not yet intruded ourselves into the learned professions ; thank Heaven.' ' Excuse me, namma, lh?re are one or tm ; for the newspspers sty io.' 'Well, dear, there ara none in tb is country; happily.' ' What, not in London ?' .No.' ' Then what is Ibo use of tush a great orergrown place, a'l rmoke, if lhere ii 'nothing in it you cann.it find in the country ? Let us go bark to Dirking ton this very day, this minute, this instant ; oh pray, pray.' 'And so yon shall-ti-morrow. But you must »¡it» vniip pom- mother'* noxiety, and see Dr. Chalmers firit. ' Oh, mamma, not ano'hf r surgeon ! He frightened ma ; he hurt me ; I never heard of auch a thing ; oh, rlea«e n-t another turgton ' The Court Phytician delected ' a somewhat morbid condition of th« great nervous centrer.' To an in» quiry whether thrre was heart dhests, he replied, ' Pooh !' On heir g told Sir Wil iam hal announced heart disease, he siid, ' Ah ! that alters the cass en- tirely.' He maintained, however, that it must be triflng, and would go no further, ths nervous system onca restored ti if» heathy tose. 'O Jupiter, ail us ! Blue pill and Seidli'z powdar.' Dr. Kenyon found the mu-ous membrane was irritited and required rootbing. ' O Jupiter, &*.' Mr». Dodd rtlurted home contoledand confused ; Julia listless and apathetic. Tea was ordered, with two or three ki'ds of brsad, thinnest theos of meat, ani a little blanc mange, Ac. their farouri'e repast after a journey ; and whilst the tea wi« drating. Mr. Dodd looked over the card-tray and enumerated the visitors that had called during their absence; Dr. Short-M'. Osmond-Mr«. Hetherington-Mr. Mr. Alfred Hsrdie-Lady Dewrv-Mr. and Mr«. Bosanquet. What a pity Edward waa not at borne dear ; Mr. Alfred Har3io's visit mutt hire been to him.' ' Ob, of court*, mamma.' ' A very manly young gentleman.' 1 Oh yes. No. He is so rude.' 'Ii he? Ab, he wai ill just theo, and pain ii rit st ss gentlemen ; they are tot, accdttoaicd lo fr, poor things.' 'That is like jou, dear numma; Hissing excuses for one.' Julia added, f aim ly, ' Uut he is so im- petuous' 'I hare a daughter who reconcile me to im- pel nosily. And he nus! bavi a good h «ait, he wis to kind to my boy.' Julia looked down anding ; but prvsintlr seemed to be'seized with a spirit of contradiction ; she began to pi-k poor Alfred to pieces; he was this, tbat, and the other ; and then so bold, ike might tay impudent. Mrs. Dodd replied calmly that he wai very kind to her boy. 'Oh, mamma, you cannot approte all the wordi he spoke.' 'It is not worth while to remember all the wordi young gentlemen speak, nnw-a- days ; he was vcr j kind to my boy, I remember tint.' The tea was now ready, and Mri. Dodd sat down, and patted a clair with a envi» cf invitation foi Julia ta come and e:t beei'e ber. But Julia said, 1 In one minute, dear,' and left the roon?. When she came birk she fluttered np to bei mother and kiised her vehemently, then sat down radiant. 'Ah!' siid Mrs. Djid, 'why, you are looking Touritlf ot.ee more, Ho* do you fed now F Better?' ' How do I fe?l ? let me iee : th« world leemi ona e-nor-mous fliwer-garden, anl Ma the butterfly it ell beling! to.' Sha spake and to confirm bet words (he airy thing went waltzing, ltd ng, and flutt-ring round the roim, and lipping mamma ev»rj now mi then on the wiog. In this buoyancy she remained aime twectj-feni hours ; and then came clouds and chills, whieh, ii their turn, gave way to exulta'ioa, duly foliowod bi depression. Her spirits were so ur.cjrtain, tba things too minute to justify narration turned tbi scale either way ; a word from Mrs. Dodd-a nei face at St. Anne's Church locking devoutly ber wa] -a piece of town gossip distilled in her esr by Mr« Maxley-and she wes sprightly ir languid, and bot! more than reaion. One drzzly afternoon they were titling silent am ?addish ia the drawing-room, Mrs. Dodd correctin the mechanical «rrj rs in a drawing of Julia's, am admiring the rare dash and figure and Julia dopgedl studying Dr. Whitely'* Logio, whh now and then sigh, when suddenly a trumpet seemed to articulât in the little hall ; ' Mrstreis Doedd at home ? The lady rose from her eeat, and said wi'h a amil of pleasure, ' I bear a voie' The dour opened, and in darted a grej-heade man, with handsome int strongly marked feature laughing and shouting like a schoolboy broken bel' He cried cut, 'Aha! I've fouad y' out at last. Mrs. Dodd glided to meet him, and put out bot her hands, the palms downward*, with the prettie air of ladylike cordiality ; hs Bhook them hsartil. . The vagasins said y' had left the town ; but j' hi on'y fli ted from the qaay to tba aubbub* ; 'twas pashint put me on the soint of ye. And how a j" all Ibes3 years t and how'« Sawmill ?' 'Sawmill? What is that?' 'It's just your husband. Isn't bil nama Sa' mil t' ' Dear, no ! Have you forgotten ?-David.' ' Ou, ay. I knew it was tome Ccripther Petrin or anether, Daavid, or Naathan, or Sawmi'l. Ai how ii he, and whare is he ? Mn. Djrld replied that he was on fie sea», b expect 'Tbon I with him weil eff 'em, confound 'ai oneanall ! Halloa ! why, thia be the little g grown up int.' a wumman while ye look round.' 'Yes, my good friend, and ber mother'* darlini ' And she's a bonny hes, I can tell ye. But freand ti the Dockers, I see.' 'Ah, said Mrs. Dodd, sadly, ' looks are deceitft she it under medical advice at thia very--' ' Well, tbat won't hurt her unless she ttkss i And be burst into a ringing laugh ; but in the midi of it ttopped dead short, and Lis fice e'.ongatt ' Lordsako, niud'm,' said he, impressively/ mind wt y' are at, though ; Barkton's just a trap for faici femuls ; there's a n'oily aas called Oimond, anc canting cut-throat called Stephenson, «nd agente cadaveris old assassin culed Short,as long aa a mi polo ; they'd soon take tha rosa out of Miss Flore cheek here. Why, they would starve Cupid, 1 veneseck Venn», and blister Pomonce, th« vagabii Mn. Dodd looked a hills, confused, and 1 changed speaking glanera with Julia. However, 1 said, calmly, ' 1 have consulted Mr. Osmond 1 Dr. Short, but bava not rahed on them alone, have taken her to S r William Best, and to ] Chalmers, and to Dr. Kenyon.' And ibe felt im neranie behind her phalli.x of learning and rept lion. ' Good Htveni !' roared the visitor,1 what a san ht of gabies for ore girl to run, ard ooma out al And the pieter of health. My faith, Mi» Flores are tougher than ye took.' My daughter's name ie Juba,' observed 1 Dodd, a little haughtily ; bu-, ics'antly recovei htrielf, the said, ' ibis is Dr. Simpson, love, an friend of your mother's.' 'An' th' tutbsr and invintar of th' great Ohrt Ihsirmal Therey o' Midio'n*, tb' Unity Perriodi an' Bemittenoy of all disease,' put in the viii with such'prodigious iwiftnen of elocution, I wordi went tumbling over one another like rail' cirritgea ont on pleasure, and the HLtence wu a pile of load, indistinct eyllibles. Jalit>'e eyes «ere dilate 1 at this e.iahxaclaver, and .he bowed coldly. Dr. Sampacn hid revealed in thia abort interview nearly ell the character itt ice of voice, speech, and manner abe had been taught from infancy to aban ho'sterout, gesticnlatory, idiomatic ; and bad taken I be discours* out of her ra im rr a's mouth twice ; now Albion Villi was a Bed Indian hut in one re- spect ; bera nobody interrupted. Mrs. Do ld hal little pwonil egotism, bnt ehe had a mother'«, and could not rp ire this oppor- tunity of adding anpther doctor to ber collection, so si e said, hurriedly, ' Will you permit me to (how vu what your learned confreres bare prescribed irrr Julia sighid aloud, »nd deprecated the subject with earnest furtive signs ; Mrs. Djdd woald not are tYem. Now, Dr. Sampson was himself afflicted with what I shall venture lo calla m-itil ailment; to wit, a furious intolerance of other men's opinions ; he bad not even patience to hear them. ' Mai dear- msd'm,' said he, basti'/, ' when you've told me their names, that's enough. Short treat» her for liver, Sir William goes in for lung dis ave or heart, Chalmers aays ita the nairves, and Kenyon the moAis membrin ; and I lay they are foale and lyres all four.' 'Ju'ial' ejaculated Mr«. Dodd, 'this ii very ex- traordinary.' 'No, it is not extraordiniry,' cried Dr. Sampson, 1 defiantly ; ' nothing ii extraordinary. D'ye think I've known these shallow men thirty years, and not plumbed 'um ?' I 'Shallow, my pood frietd? Excuse me! they are the ablest men in your own branch of your own learned profession.' ' 'J h' ablest ? Oh you mean the mensj-rta'dngeat. No» listen to me. Our lairned piofers'on is a Mr cally one. It is like a barrel of bo r. What rises to the top?' Here he a paus-d for a moment, then auiwered himself furiously, ' The scum !' Thia blast blown, he moderated a little. " I ook see,' said he, 'up to three or faur thousaLd a jeir, a docker is of ea an honest man, and sometimes knowi semathing of midicine ; nat much, because it is cot taught anywhere; but if he is making over five thousand, be must be a rogue or elsa a fool ; ei'her he hal booed and booed, aa'tript an' crawled, int' wholesale colludion with th' apothecary an' th' accoucheur-the two jockeys that drive John Bull's faemily coach-and they are lucking the pashint togitke-, like a leash o' leeches ; or elie he Las turned epicialist; has tarkd hil name to some poplar di-order, real or irasghary ; is needn't exist to be poplar. Now, thoec f-iur you have barn to are tpicialisti, and that mema monomauiucs-their bud di- a exspatiate in Wes'.-ind equate«, but their coule dwell in a n'alley, ivery man Jack of 'em ; Aber ford's in Stomich Alley, Cha!mer.'s in Afairve Court, Short's niver stirs out o' Liver Lane, Paul'* is stuck fast in Kidney Cire-, Ktnyon'« in Mookie Membrio Hews, and Hibbard'* in Lung Passage. Look eee ! nixt time j' are out of saris, stid o' con- çu ting three ba's an' a n'owl at a guiaea the phce, send dir« t lo ree, and i'll givey' all their opinion», »Ld ail their prescriptions, gratie. And deevilich dear ye'll find Vm at the price, if ye swallow 'rn ' Mri. Dodd thanked him cildly for the effrr, but said tbs would be more grateful if be would sbow his superiority to pet sons of known ability, by just curing her daug'ifr r on the spot. ' Well, I will,' sali he, careleesly ; and mil his fire dird out if Li'D. ' Put cut your tongue ; BO* your pules.' Mrs. Dodd knew her man (ladies ar* very apt tc fathom their male acquaintance- too apt, 1 thick) ; and to p:n him to the only méditai theme which in- te e:ted brr, ie:zed tho opportunity while he Was in actual contact with Julia'* »r's', and rapidly f nu- nora ted her symptoms, and also tdd him what M*. Osmond had stid about Hypersailbea'a. 'Qoote Qreecel' btrkrd Bampton, loud, elia**, and sbarp as an irritated wa'ch- dog; but thia one bow-wow vented, he was silant as abruptly. Mn. Djdd smil«d, and proceeded to Hjp'rasmia and thence to the Antiphlogistic Begimen. At that unhaopy «dj«ct ive, Sampson jumped up, cast away his patiant'* hand, forgot her exister» she was but a charming individual-and galloped into his native region, Generalities. 'Antiphlogistic! Mai-le«- andra, that one long fragminfc of ass's jtw has ilaiu a million. Adapted to the warnen of human nature, wi i;h recsives with riririr.ee ideas however childish, that come draped in lorg-tailed and exo'ii words, that aasinine polysyllable bis riconcil d the modem mind ti the chimeras of th' ancients, and outfcu'cher.d the Luillotin«, ths musket, and the iword : ay, and but for me Hm! barred the door For clntnriea more, on tie g-eat coming sceince, the ecuuee of bealing dieessas inetral of defining and dividing 'em «ni lengtt«ling their asmes and their durasbin, and shortening nothing but the pathint. Th' antiphlo- gistic'Iht-rey is this : 'ihatdiseaaa is firry, and that any a tin* id exhaustion of vital force m ist ool the .ystem, and reduce the m Dr bid fire, cllad, ia their donkey Latin ' lamina ' and in their compound don- key Latin, ' inflammation,' and io their Goos» Qresee, ' phlogosia,' ' pblrgmon,' ftc. And acsori ingly th' ant'p'alogittio Practice is, to cool the sick man by bleeding bim, and, when bl.d. either to ra bleed him with a «bange of inttrum-n', bites and stabs inslid of pabei, or else to rake tba blid, and then blister the slid and raked, and thea push mer- cury till the teeth of the blid, raked and blietered abake in their eockets, and to si arre the bli j, purge*', ealivaicd, blistered wre'eh from first to last. Tnie is the Aolipblogittio »yal em. I« is seldom carried out entire, becaui) the pisbint at the first or sjcoad link in their rimedial chain, expires ; or els« gives such plain signs of siokin», t nt even the:e ast-aes-ins take flight, and try t' undo their own work, not disease's, by tonics aa' turtle, and stimulants :' which tbiags given at the right time ics'ead of tha wrong» given wheo the ths pa«hint waa merely weakened by hs disorder, and not enfeebled by their didly riuedie«, would have out th' ailment down in a few hou-a.' 'Dsar me !' said Mrs. Dodd ; ' an! now, my good friend, with respect to my daughter-' 'N' list rn«!' clashed Bampton ; 'je'rs gosn to fathom th' antipblogislics, since they still survive an' slay in holes and corners like Barkton and d'Illy; l'v* driven the vamper** out o' the cit.trsa o' civili- sation. Begit wi h their cooler* ! Exhaustion is not a cooler, it ia a feverer, and they know i ; th« way parrot« know sent oates. Why ir« we all mora or lesa Isveriah at night ? beean . we are wesksr. Starvatian is no cooler, it is an inflamer, and tb«y know it, aa parrot« know truths, but cao'k apply thant : for they knew tbat burning fsver rages in ivery town, st-ee', camp, where Famine is. As for bloodletting, their primo cooler, it is inflamma'o y ; ai d they know it (psrrjt-wise), for th« thumping heart, and biunling pulse, of pashints blid by butchers in black, anl bullocks b'.id by butchers in blue, prove it ; and th»y have recorded thia in all their bo iks; yet siabbsd, and bi', and starved, and mercuried, and murdered on. But mind y«, all their shan coolers are r.al weakeners (I wond r thay didn't invent iry Satin and Hs brimetio lake among thsir refrjratort), and this ii the pñot whence t' appreciate their imbecility, and the «air vice I have rendered mankind it bien the fi nt t' attack their binded sch JO", at a lima it seemed im- pugnable.' ' Ab, this prjm*a:s to ba very intaresting,' sighid Mn. Dodd ; ' and bator« you enter on «a large a field, perhaps it would bc as w?U ti disposa of a little matter which Hos at my heart. Here is my po ir daughter-* 'Nlissmea! A human Bean ii in a co is tant state of flux and reflux; his component particle! move chango, disappear, and an renewed ; his life is s round of exhaustion and repair. Of thia repair the brain is the sovereign ajtot by night and day ; «nd the blood the great 1-ving material ; and digestid' food th' indisponible supply. A'.d this balanee ol exhalation asd repair i* too ni;« to tamper with disn't a single tleephas night, or uinnerless day writ) aome pallor on the faje, and tell against th< buddy? So does a lingi«excaiiive perspiration,i trifling diary, or a cue finger, though it tikes bu half an ounee of blood out of the system. Aue whit is the cania of that rare ivint-which occur only to paihinti that can't afford docking-Ditl from oil aga ? Think ye the man really aaocumm under years, or is mowed down by Tim« ? Nay yon'« ju.t Pulry an' Both. Naahins have ben thinned by tba lancet, bat niver by the scythe ; am yaari ar* mt force«, but miiuroi of eventi. Nc Centenarius desayi and dies, bekaae bia bodiT ex pinditure goei on, and bia bodiT income falla off b; fa;lure of the reparative and reproducive forces. And low suppose bod d' exhtu t:on and repair were a trew matter of pecuniary, instead of vital, econ« omy ; what would you tay to the tte »ard or houst* kseper , who, to balance your ac- aunts and keep j ou solvent, should open every knswn chime! of ex- piase with one hand, and with the other-stop the supplies ? Yet this is how the Dockers ter thirty ciuturies hara burned th' human cano h at bath ends, yet wondered the light of life expired oxd.r their hand .' 'It seems irrational. Then in my danJh'(r*e ease yju would-' 'Irokice! A piihict falls iisk. What haps di- rectly ? Why the balance is troubled, and exhaus- tion exceeds repair. For proof, obsairre the buddy when disease is fresh ! And yon will always find a loss ot fleah To put it eeonomikly, and then you cu t under- stand it, tein a housekeeper Whatlvcr the Disease, its form or essence, Expinditnrc goes on, and income lessens. Bul to thia lick and therefore weak man, cornea a Docker purblind with cinturies of Cant, Pricidtnt, Blood and Goose Greece ; imagines him a fiery per valid, though the common sease of maokind through its interpreter common language, pro- nounces him an "inva'id," gashes him with a lancet, spills out the great liquid mate ri d of all re pair by the gallon, and fells tbis weak man, wounded now, and pale, and fainting, with Di'.h stamped en hil face, to th' earth, .like a bayoneted eoloier or a slaughtered ox. If the weak man, wounded thus, and weakened, survives, then tie chartered Thugs who have drained him by the bung-hole, turn t o and drain him by the spigot ; the/ bli ter him, and then calomel him ; aid lest Ntture eh uld have the ghost of a chance to counterbalance these frightful outgoings, tbey kcop et ron.» meit and drink out of hil system emptied by their et*.bs, bites, purges, mercury, and bisters ; damdijjits! And that, At ia excipted, was piofireiocal Midicine fros Hippo* cra'es to Samprn ; AaliphlogUtis is but a m dern name for an B'B-ast-inaU&g; rout'ne which has niver varied a hair sicca scholastic midiem1, the silliest and didliest of all the hundred firms of Quackery, first rose-unlike Bcrince, Art, B-liigion, and all true Suns-in the West; to woui.d the rick; to weaken the weak ; and mutilate the hurl ; and thin mankind.' The voluble impugner of h's own proferí in de- livered these two lust words in thunder so sadden and effective as to strike Julia's stork out of her hinda. But here, as ia Nature, a mi aient'* pause followed the thunderclap ; so Mrs. Djdd who had long been patiently Watching 1er opportunity, amotberrd a shriek, and edged in a word : ' This is irresistable ; you have confutad everybody ; to th'ir heart's contect: and now the question is, what course shall we substitute?' the meant, 'in the great case, whieh oceupies me.' But Bampton at- tached a nobler, wider, seuse to her qiery. * What course ? Why the great Cbronothairmal practice, based on the remittent and febrilt character of all disease ; above all, on The law of Perriodicity, a hw Midicine yet has wella of light to draw. By Remittency, I mean th' ebb of Disease, by Perriodicity, th' ebb ard flow, the paroxysm and th* re i inion. These temit and reenr, and keep time like tte tides, not in «gue and remittent fever only, as the Profiasion imagines to this day, but in bil dis* easel frjm a 8cirrhus in the Pylorus t* a toothache. And I discovered thia, and tha new paths to care of all dieeises it opens. A'one I did it ; and what my rewa-d ? hooted, insulted, belied, and called a quack, by tV* banded school of trjfieatonsl assassins, who, in the:r day hooted Harvey and Jini.cr, authoro too of great discoveries, but diasoverUa narrow in their consequences compared with mini. V apprécias dm esothairmalism, ja must begin at the beginning ¡ io just answer me-What ia man ?' At this huge enquiry whirring up aU ia a mi ? rnt like a cock pheasant in a wood, Mrs. Dodd sank back in hrr chair despondent. Srci'ig her bo a de com I-at, Satipsoa turned to Julia and demanded, t«'ce as loud, 'What is man?' Jú,a opened tao violet eyes at him, and thsn lajkad at ber mother tor a hint how to proceed. ' How can that child aoswer aaeh a quealion ?' sighed Mr». Dodd. 'Let us return to the poiat.' ' I have never etrayed an inch from it. It'* about *' Touug Phj«i>."' ' No. excuse me it is about a young Udy. TJn: verral M-c'iYn* ! what have I todo with that ?' 'Now this is tha way with them al.,' cried lamp son fu'iius; 'th^rs lo »ed J=hn Bud. The men and wo nm of thia benghtel nulii-i have an *.r f r anything; providid it walters nothing ; talk Jology C«ncholo*y, Kntou.oo«y, 'ihioljgy, Meteoro'ofy, Astroiomy, Deuteronomy, Botherm.nu, ci Bosh olegy, and on* is 1 «tened ti with riverence, berause these are di far-i-ff things in fogs ; but »t a w >rd about tko great, nea-, useful en of Hra'inr, y* all stop ycureirs ; for why ; jotrlifc and dai'irn''OU'ly happinras depend on i». But ' no,' sis Jo'.n Bul1, th* kno«ledgetf our o»u buddie«, and how ti »avs 0'ir own Bikin, Beef I mean, day by day fi om die eiss ar d charter d aii-a-t-ine, all tn .t nur interest the thinkers in 8atum, but what tho di evil is ii t' nt? talk t' na of the hiv'nly buddie*, n-it o'our own; babble o' camela an* m t.-o-s an' £ th-real nibulas (never mind the ndu ss in our ew;i skulle). Dis- course t" us cf P/ffdi-tintabi", Spitz »'rg;n seaweed, tbs hit novel, the a'.vsnth vile; of Ctrurhivsiuj* the Patagonians on conditiou they are not lo coma be e and Chrisehiaies lbs «*7hitstj a >-l¡vis ; of t ha letter to lbs Tims* frjm the tmV-r wrackad a' limbuctoo ; a- d tin detr P.-ofe sor'* lesura on tie probab- eLtv of anail-t Inila in the tack jard of the moon: but don't ark us to know oa:aelvce. Ijjts!!' The eloquent spetke-, depreeiíd b-. th« perwr ity of Englishmen ii giving their mind» t> e.-erj pvt of creation but their bedie», s-ffewd a mo aen'ar/ lorr of energy ; then Mrs Dodd, who Lad long be-n watching lynx-liar, glidid in. 'Let us compound. You are for euring all the world, beginning wi k Nobody. My ambition is to «ure, my girl and leave nvaik'nd in pe'a-e. Now, if ri w ll bepm with my Julia, I will mbmh lo rectify the nnivane in its proper tu-n. Any tim* will do to «et the human race right. ¡ yoi own it ia in no barry : but my child's eise prestes ; so do p-ay cure brr for mr. Or atleaat fc-tl me what her indisposition is.' «Oh! What, didn't I tell you? W*U tbero's nathing the ma't« with her.' At receiving tHia cavalier reply f or th« rawari of al ber patience, Mrs. Dodd wai to hurt, and .. nearlv angry, that th* rose with dignity fron her e*at, hrr cfc«>k actually pink, and the |wit*r in h*r .yet. Sampson aaw ehe wu ruffled, and appealed to Jalia of all people. * Ibers now, M'S* Julee,'«aid he, ruefully ; 'she is in a rage became I woa't ham* bu; her. P -plus voolt decipee. I tell you ma'am, it ia not a midical esas . give me disease and I «ure 't. Stop, I'll tall ve wbat do ; let h»r take and swallow ths Bakton Do?ks' prescriptions, and Butchtr Bfst'a. and ranting Kinyon'*, and after those four tinkers there'll bs plenty holet to mind ; then itni for mo !' Here was irony. Mer. Dodd retorted by finesse ; abe turned on him with a treehtroua smile, and said: 'Never mind doctors and patient); ic is so long aieee we mst ; I do hope you will waiv« ceremony, and dine en am'.' He a-opted with pleasure ; but must r.tura to hil inn (Int and get rid of his dirty boots, and pashints. And with this he whipped out bia watch, and iaw that, d a'ing with uni renal medicine, be hid diiippoiutad more than one tick individual ; ao ahot out as hard as he had shit in, and lefc the ladiea looking at one another a'ter the phenomenon. 'Well!' asia Julia, with a world of meaning. 'Yee, dear,' replied Mrs. Dodd, 'he ie a little eccentric. I think I wiil request them to make aome addi) i in to the dinner.' 'Nr, mamma, if you please, not to put me off BO transparently. If I had interruptsd, and shouted, and behaved so, you would have packed aa off to bsd, or somewhere, direct ly.' 'Don't a.y "packed," love. Ditasitael ma to bed.' ' Ah !' criad Juli«, ' that privileged person ii gmo, and we muit all mind our ¥'$ and Q's once more ' Mrs. D¿dd, with an air of nonchalance, replied to the effect that D*. Sampson was not ber off .pring ; and «o the waa not bound to cornet bit eccentrii tiei. 'And I suppose,' laid abe, languidly, 'we matt accept these extraordinary people at wa find th*rr>. Bat that ia no reason why you should ny P's and Q'», darling.' That day, ber hoipitable board waa spread over a trap. Bleasei with an oracls irrelevantly fluent, and dumb to the point-, ehe had asked him to dinner with materoal address. Ha could not be on h i guard eternally ; sooner or later, through inadver- tence, or in a moment of convivial r*ckles*ne«s, orin a p>r'Gthesii cf some grand Generality, he would euro her chili ¡ cr, perhaps, at bis rate of talkirg, would «ear out all Ira idle themes, down to the very " wcl'-beiug cf m^nkkd ." aud then Julia's mysterious indisposition would roxe on the blank tapi?. With these secret hopes ehe f resided at the feast, oil giaca and gentío amity. Julia, too, sot down with a little dtsigo, but a Terr différent one, vic, of being chilly company, for she dielikei this now acquaintance, and hated the science of medi- cine. The uncomcioui Object ebatted away with botb, and «ut their rei.lies very short, and did strange things ; amt away Julia's chicken, regardless of her ecorn, and p-escribed mutton ; called for champagne and made her drink it, and pour. ; and thu* excited Hrs. Dodd'« hopes that he was attending to the C3se by degrees. But, alter dinner, Julia, to escape medicine uni viraal, and particular, turned to her mother, and dilated on the treachery cf her literary guide, the Criticaster. ' It eaid " OJds and Ends " was a good novel to read by the sea side. So I thought " then ob, bow different it must be from meet bo ike, if you can rit by tbe glorious lea and erm lock ut it..'' So I sent for it directly, and, would you re'.ieve, it waa an ignoble thing ; all flirta'ions and curates. The sra, indeed ! A pond would be fitter to read it by ; and one with a good many gocge oo.' . Was ever such simplicity ?' said Mr». Dodd. ' Why, my dear, that phrase about th« »ea does not mean anjlhing. I shall have you belirvirg tba' Wir. 80-ar.d-So, a notelist, can "wither fiehionab'e folly," and that "a painful incident" to one shop- keeper has "thrown a gloom" over a whole maiket town, and eo on. Now-a-davs every third phrase ia of this character; a starling'., rote. Once, it appears, there was an »ge of gold, and then came ono of iron, a-id thon of brass. All there are gone, end the age of " jorgoi" has succeeded.' She sighed, and Sampson generalised ; be plunged from tho sea side novel into the sea of fiel ion. He rechristened that jsyouB art Feck shin, ard lashed its liviog prufeeror*. 'You devour their threo volumes greedily,' said he, ' but after your nifal you feil as empty as a dm m ; there ie no leading idea in 'um; now, thrrj al «a j s is- in Moliere- and hs comprehended the midicine of hh age. But what fundamental truth d'our novelists her convey ? A'l they can do is pile ii oidenti. Their cus'omore di; tate tb' article ; unideaed melodr »ms for unidraed girl«. The writers and their feckshins belong to one aprci-e, and that's *' the non- vertebrated animals ;" aid their milicine is Bosh ; why th-y bleed still fer falls and fevers; and niver mention vi'al chrono metry. Then they don't look straiglt at Nature, bul are with their rare, and rep «at one antober twelve d'ep. Kow, listín me ! there ar < the craetera foran "ideaed ferksbin" in Babington, and I'd wri'e it. too, only I haven't; time.* At this, Julia, forgetting ber resolution, broke out,'Romantic character* in Elkington? VT ho? who?' ' Who should tbev be, but my pishinte ? Av, ye may lauch, Miss Julee, but wait till ve iee therr!.' Be waa then asited with a fit of candour, and ad- mitted that som», even of bis pashints, were colour- less ; indeed, not to mince the matter, rix or s>ven ot that tarred band were nullity in perron. ' I can pompare the bezgare to nothing,' said be, ' but the globules of the Do-Nothing s ; doe-d insipid, and nothing in 'rm. But the o'.herg make up. Man alive, I've got " a rosy-obee ked miser," and an " ill used attorney," and an " honest: Ssrew," he is a gardens", with a head like a cart-hors«.' 'Mamma! mamma! th-.t ii Mr. Maxley,' cried Julia, clapping her handr, and thawing in her own deepite. ' dhan there's my virgin martyr, and my puppy ; they are brother and sifter ; and there's their father, but be is an impenetrable dog-won't unbosom. Howiver, he tairves to draw chicks for the other two, and so keep 'em goeo. By-the-by, you know my puppy.' ' We have not that honour. Do we know Dr. Sa-n ps on'« puppy, lov<?! ir.q<iired Mrs. Dodd, rather languidly. . Mamma !-I-I-know no ene of that name.' 'DVG tell me! Why it was he sent me here: to'd me sahere yon lived, and I wis to make hr ste, for Miss D idd wa« very iii : it ia young Hardie, the banker's ron, ye k-ow.' Mr?. Dodd said, good-humouredly, but wiih a viry slight touch of irony, that really they were very mueh ÛV.'e el by the interest M<-. ¿I red Her.ie had shown; especially asher daughter bal lever excharged ten «ord* with him. Julia coloured at this s'¡.te re it, the accuracy ct wh:ch che h id erood reason to doubt ; and the po ir girl f-lt as if cn ici-l-i pies'd swiftly along hrr back. And then, for the fi st line in hr? life, the thought ber mother hardly gncioos ; and she wanted lo ray abe waa oblige] to Mr. Alfred Hardie, but dared not, «nd dispised hog'If for no*, darin?. Her composure wea further attacked by Mrs. Dodd looking full at hrr, and ealing interregttitely, 'I wonder how that yoong genii-imn cou'd know about your being ill V At this Julia eyed h-r 11 t-> very attentively, and murmured,'I believe it ¡«all over the town; and seriously too, so Mr-. Waa'e? says ; for she tells me tv at in B irkiigl.on if moro than ons doctor ii sent for that bodes ill for the patient.* .Deevtlich i 1,' tried Sampson, hea tily : ' For two physicians, like a pair of oars Conduck him Taster to the Styjjin shores.'* Juh'a \co\e 1 him in the face, and coldly ignored this p rrerji n of Mrr. Maxley'a mesnin > ; and Mrs D idd r turn d prrtinsciocaly to the previous tipi\ 'Mr A fred Hardie interests me ; he aas Eoe I to Elnar'. I am curious to know why you (all him a pupiy ?' 'Only benanee he is one, ma'am. And th it is no reason at ail with " the Six " He is a j iv;neel ptd-n", sni~ a pappy, and contradi.t3 ivery mw truth, beka-e it isn't in Aristotle and th' Eton Grammar; end he'« such a chatt*rbox, ye can't, gat in a word id^emys; and he ard his sister-th-t'a my vi-gin ma'tjr- ire a farro. He keeps enseri ?' a», her relijjin, and tha*: pu'i h jr ia such a rta:'', she threatens '* t' inte cede for him at the tk-one.' ' ' Jargon,'righed Mrs. Dodd, and just shrugged hrr lo. ely shoulders. 'We breath it-we AW in an atmosphere of it. My love?' And «he floated ( out of (ha nom, and Julia floated after Fa (lipson sat meditating on the gullibili'-y of men in matters medioal. Ibis favourite speculation detiined bim late, and almirt bis first wird on en'rringthe drawing-room waa,'Good night, li'tle girl.' Julia coloured at thia broad bist, drew herself up, and lighted a b-d candle. Sha went te Mra. Dodd, kiasei har, a«d whispered in her ear, ' I hate him !' and, aa aha retired, har whola elegant person I laumhed ltd)like defiance; under which brave exterior no l t t ie uneasiness waa hidden. ' O, what w; ll bee im 3 of me !'tf-oag ht th«, 'if he has gone and told him aW>ut Henley.' 'Let'* s e the prescriptions, ma'am,' said Dr. Bampton. De'ightel at this eoncess'on, Mrs. Dodd took them out of her de»k end spread thom earnestly. He ran h's rye ov r them, and pointed out that the mucous rrem^ra'-e man and the nerve man had prescribed the same medicine, on irreconcilable grounds ; and a medicine, moresver, whose effect on the n- rves was nil, and on the mucous membrane was not to sooth it, bnt p'ough it and harrow it ; ' and did n tbat open her eyes ?' He then reminded her that ] all there doctors in con«u'tation would have con- trived to agree. ' But jon,' said he, ' have b.ffldd the collusive h-ax by which Dox arrived at a sham uniformity-honest uniformity can never exist till loientifie priaciples obtain. I/tttre! To te¿in, is the ra>hint in leve ?' [To BK CONTINUED.] I A Bayswater ycung min is quite "gone* - "Htnilet." He waa reading it to the girl of his j heart las'; we k. " Or if thou wilt nreda marry. , marry a fool, " herrad. " I« that a proposal, dear ? *' abe asked. " Yes, darling, '* he replied. And they I settled it there and then. A young couple in their honeymoon are dallying J languidly with tha grapes at the dessert. S ie j (»rcbl»): "And don't yon find it tiresome, dea», all alon« with me. You are quite aura, that 3pu don't wish to go back to your old bachelor lifo .gain?" H« (earnestly): "Quite, my dear. In- deed, married life ia 10 awfully jolly that, you know, if you were lo dis to-night, I'd get married again to morrow. 