New Roman Catholic Church, School and Convent at Kelso On Sunday morning last the opening of a new school, convent, and church at Kelso was celebrated. Right Rev. Dr. Byrne, Bishop of the diocese, attended and assisted in the cele bration of the mass and subsequently preached a sermon appropriate to the occasion. At the service in the church there was a large attend ance, the building being too strait to accommo date all the worshippers, and many of them had, therefore, to remain outside. Rev. Father Dunn, the priest of the parish officiated, and conducted the after ceremonies. Addressing the people from the altar after mass, Rev. Father Dunn informed the visitors that the buildings were not yet completed, al- though the builders had been working very hard to finish them in time for the official opening. In a week or two the whole place would wear a different aspect. The buildings and ground had cost more than was anticipated, as the old church which had been removed from White Rock to that spot had to be entirely renovated to make it in keeping with the other buildings and worthy of the importance of Kelso. In undertaking the greater work, how- ever, he felt that he could with confidence cast himself upon the charity and liberality of the people to help him out of the difficulty. When first it was thought of establishing a branch of the Sisters of St. Joseph in Kelso he had pro- mised £5, but as he had been responsible for increasing the expenditure he would add £10 more to it, and make his subscription £15. The grounds were not as large as might be desired, but they would answer present require ments, and if ever the necessity arose they had a beautiful piece of ground on the opposite side of the road where they could erect a parochial church in keeping with the place. His Lordship the Bishop had purchased from Mr. Maguire the piece of ground facing the road upon which the convent now stood and presented it to them, so that they now had two frontages, one to the lane and the other to the main road. This donation of his Lordship's amounted to quite £10, and he begged to thank their bishop for that liberal and princely donation. The whole cost of the new building would be about £200, and if the people gave according to their means he would not fear for the result. He hoped they would be able to present the building free of debt to religion, to God, and for the benelit of the children of the parish. His Lordship the Bishop then preached, taking for his text the words of Olnist in Mat thew's Gospel -T-' All power is given unto me in Heaven mid in earth. Go ye therefore and teach all nations, baptising them in the name of the Father, Son and Holy Ghost ; teaching them to observe all things whatsoover I have com manded you ; Hnd, lo, I am with you nil days, even unto the consummation o£ tho world.' The power which the Lord possessed, he said, He communicated to His disciples, nnd His promise was to be with them until tho end of time, protecting and assisting them in the work of teaching Divine Truth and planting the standard o£ the Cross in all places. But tho disciples had ended their days, and as the cud of time had not come the promise must extend to their sucjessora. So that in coming to this little village to open a church, convent and school, they wore simply fulfilling the mission of their masters, God did not require a place in which to dwell, but He had been pleased at all times to select a plaeo from which He could speak to the people. Tho Lord Jesus Christ was really, truly, and sub stantially in every Catholic Church, and the church hnd continued the mission o£ the dis ciples by endeavouring to plant the standard oE the cross in every city, town, and village. Hence they were here to-day to plant the stan dard where no Catholic church had existed before. It might be said that IColso being so near the Cathedral a church was not needed, but there were young children and old people who could not go over to lthc Cathedral, and they required a little church here so that the teaching of their holy church might be brought within the roach of nil. A new era opened in every plnce where the disciples established the church, nnd so it was still. Jesus Christ was with His people, and wherever tho church was established the morals of the people improved, their minds became enlightened and they be came possessed of that knowledge which only could be imparted by God. When Christ gave this commission men were craving to know tho Truth. Some said ' Lo, it is here,' and others said ' Lo, it is there, nnd it was still the same, so that outside the Catholic Church there was no firmness of faith, no certainly of teaching ; but tho missionaries of the church went forth speaking with authority and teach ing the same doctrines as Christ himself taught, and the little Catholic child who know its cato chism was wiser and wns better acquainted with the truth than the greatest philosophers of pagan or present times. Tho knawlodge which theohurch imparted not only enlightened the mind but purified tho heart and reformed tho life. It told the pooplo that thoy woro mado by God, who had stamped his image upon them, and that though they had fallon through sin they could bo lifted up through him who had died upon tho cross in their be half — that if they clung to tho cross through tho channel of Grnco provided by the oliurch they, would be purified from their sin. Thoy were taught that only the just could enter heaven, that only thoso who ropented of their sin and were mado holy and puro could seo God ; and hence the children instructed by the church wero brought up to be good men and wpmon, good oitizens, and a blessing to thoir families and to society. It was thus that the church ccpforrod bonofits upon tho individual and tho community, bringing tho faith that lifted men up and made thorn pure in heart and life. All outside the influoncc of the church was impure and men uninfluenced by Divine Grace gavo way to their viler passions; but tho church sot before tho child a perfeot model of purity in the person of Jesus Christ and showed tho child how to copy his example. Then tho teaching of the Catholio Church also secured union and purity in the family. It raised its voice ngainst those states men who, as some wero endeavouring to do at the present time, sought to interfere with tho sacredness of marriage ties, and by rendoring divorce a simple matter held out a piomium to any reprobate to prove thnt his wife was un faithful. The teaching of tho Church wan that whom God had joined togother man could not separate. Marriage wns a divine institution, and was made by Christ a holy sacrament of tho Churoh, and the Church in preserving tho sanctity of marriage preserved the purity and unity of tho family. The ohild was further taught that tho pilferer could not hope for forgiveness until ho had made restitution, and by this teaching mankind generally was benefitted. Outside the Churoh they heard charges of dishonesty brought against public men, and it was thia public dishonesty that made the State unstable. The Church taught the child to trust in God, to oboy Him, and to rely upon Him for deliverance from temptation, and as thoso who did this woro made pure in heart and life, tho Churoh thus reformed society, preserved unity in the family, and brought the blessings of salvation to every individual. Tho Ohuroh was happy it it saved only one soul, for it knew the value of that soul, and this led them to enter evon into the humblest placoa and establish schools and build churohos. Somo of their neighbours might look upon thoir thus forming throo establishments in this humble villago as a religious invasion, but thoy came not to invade but to bring blessing, to raako thoir own pooplo better Christiana, and thus to benefit the whole community, for as they mado thoir poople thoroughly Catholio thoy mado thorn thoroughly pure and honoBt, bettor, neighbours and hotter aitizonfl. TIi- ('itching imparted in the Churoh was given in lIu- schools, nnd every day tho children wero taught to walk !n tho sight of God — that tho knowledgo of God was tho ono thing necessary, thnt they must sook first tho kingdom of God and all other things would bo added. And thus tho Church had insisted, to her own pecuniary detriment, upon having their own schools in pvorv plnae, notwithstanding the liberality of the Stale in providing palatial edifices in the shnpu of: Puhlio Schools. Thoy might look nt tlieso grand edifices, but thoy would not nllmv (heir children to ontor them, na thoy were there indirectly taught to forget God during tho six days ;of tho week, Th^ children would there, be, taught to be children of the world ; but that was not, what Christ rt-: , quired ; and in order that the children might ?? botaught roligiously, which they must bo if thoy wero. to. make good men and womcnJHhiiy must roccivo instruction in tho schools estab lished by the Church. Thoy did not object to others having schools without religious ' teaching, but they complained that they woro I compelled to support these schools while at ihe same time muintaining their own. They were, j however, prepared to put iip with the monetary loss rather thnn allow their children to go into the schools where there was no God. It had been said that this charge ngainst tho Public Schools of being Godless was not a true statement of the case, as an hour every day was set apart for religious instruction and that Scripture lessons were taught. He granted this, but the religious ins' ruction imparted was not Catholic instruction. Tho Scripture lessons were those drawn up by the Archbishop of Dublin with the object of subverting' the faith of the Catholic children of Ireland, and they furnished a splendid opportunity for scoffing at religion to any infidel Public School teacher. It was no use telling them (the Catholics') that religion was taught, for it was not tho sort of religion they wanted. Then it was said — Why not avail themselves of the hour set apart for religious teaching ? Well, it was impossible for the priests to visit all the schools, and tho clergymen ot other denominations hnd acknow ledged that this arrangement had failed ; nnd the Church had not attempted it, for they would not agree to teaching religion in this hole and corner fashion, even i£ it were prac ticable. Such a method of teaching must lend to tho confusion of Babel ; and when the chil dren heard all these different teachings — one day this and one day that— they would come to declare, as many persons were doing, that religion was all a sham, and simply a trade. The reason why the priests did not go was be cause the Church had too exalted an idea of Divine Truth to allow it to have a secondary place, and would not go into the Babylon of error to teach religion in some small corner, while secular instruction was imparted in palatial buildings. Religious truth was too im portant to be dealt with us a sort of extra edu cation, as calisthenics or gymnastics were in a high school, and too important to be left in the hands of any infidel to teach and mix his sneers with the teaching. Religion must be first and last with the child as well as with the man. It was wanted for all day and every day It was a sacred thing, above all other know ledge, nnd the Church would not join with others who taught different forms of error. The Catholic Church must have religion in hor schools and hence the Catholics established schoolri of their own. In Kelso a Catholic school had existed for some time, but it had been conducted by lay teachers, who, although skilled and estimable, were not able to teach the science of sciences like religious teachers, neither could they impress the children so fully with religious sentiment. The Sisters of St. Joseph were coming to Kelso to conduct the new school. The Sisters had devoted their lives to the work, and the people knew the great sacrifices these holy sisters had made to bring the blessings of Christ's religion to the children — enduring poverty even to the want of food in some cases. He trusted that the people of Kelso would see that they did not want for anything while carrying on their self denying work. They not only imparted re ligious instruction but instructed the children in secular knowledge so efficiently that their schools compared most favorably with the purely secular schoolss, so that Catholic parents did not lose anything in that, while the gained immeasurable in the more important direction. He hoped the people of Kelso would acknow ledge and cheerfully meet the obligations that were put upon them through the advantages that were thus brought to their doors. The establishment of this church, convent and school in their midst should result in an in- crease of communal peace, charity, and virtue ; and he looked to the Catholic parents to shew their appreciation of the benefits thus con ferred upon them by attending to their re ligious duties and sending their children regularly to the school. A collection was then taken up and the Treasurer (Mr. J. Kelaher) subsequently an- nounced that about £150 was the result of the appeal and effort. The company then adjourned to a large marquee, which had been erected for the oc ension between the Church and the school house, where a most elaborate luncheon had been spread. The luncheon had been provided by the following ladies, who were indefatigable in their attentions to the visitors, and whose only anxiety seemed to be that sufficient of the rich and rare things provided by them would not be consumed : — Mrs. McGillan, Miss Greig, Mrs. McGee, Miss F. Maguire, Mrs. H. Maguire, Mrs. McManimin, Miss Honeyman, Mrs. Lavelle, Mrs. Sinnott, Miss McManimin, Miss A. Stuart, Miss C. Stuart, Mrs. McGarry, Mrs. Collahan, Mrs. McGarry (White Rook), and Miss Brode- rick. Notwithstanding the fierce onslaught that was made upon the provisions, the seats being three times filled by mortals with appetites most hearty, there was no lack, but an abundance remaning, and this the ladies purposed handing over as a treat for the children of the Bathurst Orphanage. Before the proceedings closed, Bishop Byrne, who presided, in a few happy sentences thanked the ladies who had provided the repast, which he said was equal to any of the great spreads which had from time to time been given in Bathurst. He also thanked the visitors for their liberal contributions, which would no doubt simply stand as an instalment of the total which they intended to make up. The interior of the marquee had been most tastefully fitted up, and at the back of the central tables were a couple of nicely worked mottoes, in flowers and gold—' In all things charity,' and ' Welcome to our loved Bishop.' The buildings stand upon a central healthy site on the main Sydney road, near the old toll- bar, and are very suitable for the purposes for which have been erected. The new work was designed and carried out by Mr. Wild, builder, of this city. Tho Now Zealand papers record nn act of bravery performed at tho largo fire which took place on ApVil 4 at Waimate, in South Canterbury, by a boy 11 years1 of age named Fox. In ono of the cottar s burned were fivo children in bed, the mother and two of the children having escaped. I hi father, who was some little distance away, wns informed of their danger by the lad, and ho entered tho burning building to save them. Ho wan followed by young Fox, who took out ono of the childron and placed it in safety. The father seemed unable take the other children out by the buck door, nnd young Fox ob serving this went in again, nnd carrying ono naked child with another following at his heels, he made his .way out by thu front door, followed by tho father, who attributes the saving of the wnole fivo. to tho forethought and pluck oE tho lad. A number of people were stnnding looking- on while the lad twict entered tho building, rescuing the children, nnd convoying them to his own homo. The Minister for. Works is maturing a scheme for the revision of the passenger rates oh tho railways. A sdizuro of 11,500 oigars, oight tins of opium and 2001b. of tobacco «na effected on board the s.8. Woosung, whioh arrived on Monday from Hongkong and Singaporo. A boy, I)nniol Boss, had a narrow osaapo from a fearful death at the Rivoratono railway station on Tuesday. Ho fell between the trucks ot a luggage train and tho platform, and the whools passed over his feet, inflating sovoro injuries. It is liltoly bo will roaovor. Tho Union OQmpait3-'sHt-mmorTaupo, bound from Wellington to Aii.'k'und, wont ashoro on Tuesday night near (iisborno. The mails and passengers woro landod satoly and tho steamer was Bnfely towed off yesterday without sustain ing muoh damage. With a view to economy, tho Minister for Works has deoidod to run mixed trains on tho Southern nnd WcHterrr linos instead of a goods and passongor train. ' 'And how doos Clmrlio like going to Bohool?' inquired a good man ot a six-y.oar old boy, 'I like going,' replied tho embryo statesman, ingeniously, 'but I don't like staying after? got ^horg,' . ? 