OUR MINING INDUSTRY. THE DEFENCES AND IMMIGRATION. (Br Magnum Bonum.) Thousands have been spent on the defences of the colony, and yet sensible men fail to see how the island is defended, and thousands have been wasted on a defence force, the utility of which the majority of the colonists fail to see. Hobart may to a certain extent be Baid to be defended. It remains, however, to be proved whether it be sufficiently protected to prevent a hostile squadron steaming up and destroying that city. Launceston is totally unprotected, and yet a very con siderable amount has been spent in the so-called defences of the colony. Again the future has yet to prove if a mere handful of men totally unaccustomed to actual war will stand the ghost of a chance when matched against a trained force. War scares have been frequently raised, chiefly by old retired military officers, and with what object but to have their pensions augmented. If we followed the advice of these gentle men we should all turn soldiers and appoint them to command us. In spite, however, of these ecares, war has kept aloof from our hearths, and in my opinion will keep away, for these are not the times when war is declared at the whim of a Prime Minister. We now take a more sensible and humane view, and settle disputes by means of conferences aud arbitration. It is, therefore, high time, all this nonsense and folly came to an end, and the expenditure thus in curred, devoted to better and more remunerative purposes. If, however, we must have a Defence Force to keep the j big guns clean and fire salutes, centralise ! and uti'ise the present Police Force, and as I agree in having our boys drilled, make ? drilling compulsory in our schools ; ap I point a drill instructor at each end of the . colony, and we shall have the nucleus of I a future army. There is nothing to pre ; vent the police if centralised, from acting j as a Defence Force, with only the extra I cost of a drill instructor in the North and | another in the South, at which places they J miyht muster for 28 days drill annually, and their places in the country could be filled by special constables, there being, I feel confident, plenty of loyal men who would gratuitously give their services on these occasions, rather than see so much money wasted on defences. Consider the saving that would be thus effected, and we should have a body equal in number and far superior in physique, to the present Defence Force. The folly of introducing immigrants totally unaccustomed and unfitted for the rough life of a colonist is obvious to a'l, wheii the influx of the e are driving our own hardy native born to seek work on other shores. It is unnecessary for me to say more, except to express my regret at the large sums so wasted. Had the many many thousands wasted on our defences and immigration been devoted to fostering the mining industry and opening up the country how far more advanced and richer would the colony have been. Let us then, in the coming elections, rouso ourselves up and put a stop to all this folly and woeful expendi ture, and see that the money is devoted to more useful, beneficial, and remunera tive purposes in future. Launceston, May 2G. 