Labouchere on the Lords. Mb. Laboucukjie moved,—"That, in the opinion of this House, it ib inconsistent with the principles of representative government that any member of either House of the Lagis latnre should derive his titlo to logislate bj virtue of hereditary descent." Ho said ho hoped the Prime Minister would allow them to vote on this subject according to its merits, and that it would be treated as an open ques tion by those who sat on tbo Treasury bench, many of whom entirely agreed with the motion. He had no doubt that thoy wero do lighted when they Baw ho had put it down— (laughter)—and that they were most anxious and eager to vote for it. Ho would remind hon. members from Ireland that there wero grievances on this side of the Channel, and he asked that hereditary legislation should bo treated hero as they would treat the castle in Ireland. Lord Beaoonaheld, speaking of the Houso of Lords, said that it practically repre sented 20,000,000 of tho people of this country who had not votes. Ho Conservative could raise that argument at presont, for that electorate had been taken away from the other House, and the decisions of the House of Commons were to all intents and purposes the decisions of the whole country. Such an argument was otdy pow-ifclo when representative government | was a mere sham. Tho country had now bo I come a democracy, and hereditary legislators I wtreamereanachrccnim in a democracy. (Hoar, tear.) There Were Liberals, pertaps, Who thought differently. The wold "liberal1' was a somewhat vague One. (Opposltiett laughter, and cheers.) He did not ktiow what it meant. He. was a Radical, and he knew what a Radioal was. Radicals, owing to theif independence, differed upon small points, biit they were entirely united in the opinion that all right to legislate should spring from the people, and they were one and all opposed to the idea ol having any hereditary legislators in this country. If any gentleman told him that he was a Radioal and that he took the opposite view, he conld only say to that gentleman, and he said it with all respect, that he regarded him as a humbug. (Loud laughter.) If snoh an hon. gbntlbman W&s; uhder the imptession that he carried his .constituency with him lit oppod tion to this motion, ho Would recommend lilni to consult hia constituency. (Hear, hear.) He thought there was nc Radical or Libetal meets lug held daring the late election at which, li this resolution had beon brotight; foHratd, It Would not have been cnrriedalmoBtunsnimonsly, (Hoar, hear.) Let any hon, member Who doubted this call a meeting of his constituents on the subjeot, and put the question to them. ONE CHAMBER OR TWO. He himself was in favour of one Chamber, hut his motion did not go so far as to raise that. point. He thought that perhaps the House had not mado up its mind whether there ought to he one Chamber or two. Lord Beaconsfield said that no one wanted a second Chamber except a few disreputable individuals—that it was a valuable institution for any individual who had neither distinction, oharaoter, nor talent. (Laughter, and a member of the Op position, "When'r") Well, it was in oneol Lord Beaoonsfield's early works—(laughter)— but he had never dearly gathered that his lordship altered; his opinion. (Renewed laughter.) An hon. gentleman on that tide (Oaptain Vcrney) had pat on the paper an amendment to this motion. He did not quite understand whAt it meant, bnt so far as he understood it, the hon. member considered. that a seoond Chamber was in itself an evil, hut a necessary evil, and therefore they ought to be satisfied with the ill they had, because if they went farther they would "fare worse. He (Mr. Labouchere) did not think that i seoond Chamber was quite so innocuous as the hon. gentleman imagined. Tt was powerless for good, but powerful for evil. Popular government bad advanced of late by leaps and bounds, and at present there was a permanent antagonism between the two Houses ("Hear, hear," and "No, no.") The two honseare presented two antagonistic principles, whioh could no more unite than oil and water. Who was the first peer, in ordinary oases ? He did sot wish to make personal remarks, hut they knew that the first peer was a borough-monger, or a person who had done some service, or a Court favourite. He asked the other day what a certain service was, and tbe Seoretmy to the Treasury evaded the question, and told him to so baok to 1600 and something, to find out what it was. (Laughter.) If the first peer was a clever man, olever men did not always have olever sons. The Prime Minister onoe oontested that proposition, and cited the ease of the two Yorkes, who were Chanoellors; hut the right hon. gentleman forgot to say that the seoond Chanoellor was so oonvinoed that he was not fit to'fili the offioe that he cat. hie throat on the day of his appointnient. (Laughter.) Peers had mothers as well as fathers—they did not spring, like Minerva, from the brains of their fathers—(a laugh)— and it was well known that mothers had just as much to do with the intelleotual development of a eon—(laughter, and " More")—as a hither. They did not find dootors, painters, poets, and lawyers ooenpying hereditary offices. In France, lawyers and judges were once heredi tary ; but one of the first things the Revolu tion did was to sweop away hereditary lawyers, as he would have that House sweep away hereditary peers. If they wished to have hereditary peers, they did not adopt the right plan. They ought to find the most intelligent persons in the country, take them when young—(laughter)—bring them up to be legislators, and when they had reached the years of maturity, marry them to Girton girla—(laughter)—and then, perhaps, they might get some sort of result. (Loud laughter.) Butwhenthehereditarypeershadoon deBcendcd to be horn, what was their training ? and what were their amusements f Were they suoh as were likely to make them efficient legis lators ? In the House of Lords there were 207 peers connected with the military and naval services. No doubt a military training served to make a 'good soldier, hut no one over pre tended that the training of a soldier was good for making a legislator. Tho peers lived in the oountry and were great thanes—bulls or BaBhan, great men in a little looality. Then they came up to London for tho season. Did they then spend their time in roading hooks on legislation ? Ho hud never ecen in what they did or snid any sign that they were devoting themselves to education as legislators. One would suppose (hat they would go to tho House of Lords in order to loam to legislate there. Was that tho fact? BITTING AND VOTING LIKE SHEEP. Hon. gentlemen eomethnes went thomselvflS to tho House of Lords to look on, and he thought thnL tho best euro for thoso who ad mired tho Houeo of Lords was to go snd look at it sitting. On great occaeious tho Lords flocked up from all parts of the country, they eat thero like sheep, and they voted like sheep. (Laughter.) But on an ordinary occasion they would find ouo peer making a speech to half-a dozen othor peers until it came near tbo dinner hour, whou they vanished liko ghosts. (Laughter.) There woro no doubt somo gentle men amongst tho peers who dovotcd themselves to politics. But what did they do ? We were bo exceedingly grateful to them for doing jj that wo at once gavo them some office, and to" proud of their condescension in taking into their charge some portion of the affairs of this greatEmpiro. ("Oh.") Of course there were exceptions; thero woro mou liko Lord Balis bury and Lord Roscbory, who werooxooedingjy able men; but then thero were albinoue in A^rfCjlj Muoh laughter.) It did not follow, however, that the interior of Afrioa was inhabited by white_ men. The fact was that their system was this: It web as if they took a lady s lap dog Mid bred it up in a drawing-room, and then imagined he would turnout a good sheep dog. (Laughter*) Their whole eyttem Was bad. But thoy were told that the House of Lords did not consibt entirely of hereditary peew, and that it waa reotnited from the cream of the nation. (Hear, hear.) Were they? "Who were the gentlemen who were ordinarily made new peers ? Some of them wbre poli ticians, hut thoy were gentleihen who had been bows and nuisances in the Home of Commons ■—•(laughter)—and who were,lacked upstairs. (More laughter.) They were generally very rim men who either inherited large estates, or who had made a considerable sum of money and whohad bought large estates. ' SIR. H. ALLSOPP. Take one as an instance. He did not take it invidiously against him, because he bolieved he was a ^highly respectable gentleman. He alluded to Sir Henry Allsopp. Well, Sir H. Allsopp brewed beer. (Laughter.) By brew ing; beer he acquired a fortune. He did not mink that any gentleman would say that Sir Jr* ABsopp in any sort of way distinguished himself politically. He had no doubt he did good servioe to his party, had fought several elections,- and very likely subscribed to the funds of the Carlton Club. But that was not aotuig as a prominent politician. He was made a baronet. He bad not the slightest ob jection to Sir H. Allsopp or anybody else being made a baronet. It seemed to him it would be almost cruelty to animals to refuse anybody a haronetoy who asked for it. (Laughter.) He should as soon think of refusing a thistle to a hungry Mid needy donkey. (Renewed laughter.) But Sir H. AliBcpp was not satisfied with a haronetoy, and he was considered worthy of the dignity of a peerage. Here bethought they had a right to complain, because that was not only, a title hut it conveyed certain legis lative rights both to him and his successors. (Hear, hear.) They wero ofteu told that the House of Lords in some special ways repre sented property and commerce. What was the first step of Sir H. Allsopp when made a peer ? He wrote to the Timet to complain that he was called a brewer, and to assure the world that he had ceased brewing (Laughter.) Shortly after wards he saw an account of a bucolic festival down in tbe country. The tenants of Sir H. Allsopp met and congratulated him upon being made a j>eer, and at the same time he saw a suggestion that Sir H. Allsopp waa de scended from one of the Plantagenet kings. (Laughter.) Sir H. Allsopp had a son who was a member of the House cf Commons. When that hon. gentleman went up to the other House in the course of nature, what would he his course ? Would he prove a use ful member iu thatJHouse and speak about commerce ? Would he allude to the paternal butt? (Much laughter.) They should have ... the descendant of ITantagenet kings, and the respectable vendor of intoxicating liquors— (laughter)—to whom he owed his title, would be entirely forgotten. He did ask upon what prinoiple in tbe world were they to assent to Si* H. Allsopp's son, grandson, and great grandson hereditarily ruling over them: (Radical cheers.) THE LORDS DOOMED. There were 402 hereditary poors who sat in the House of Lords. Theso hereditary poors had 14,000,000 acres amongst them and £12,000,000 of rent; that was an average ol 35,000 acres to oaoh peer and an average income of £30,000. Thoy had heard a groat deal about the Land Leaguo in Ireland; but could anyone imagine a more pernicious land league than that which existed in this country: Even at the death thoy shirked paying the death duties; the farmers had no fixture of tenure; and the labourers were almost starving, and when they came forward and asked for a miserable " three acres and a cow (laughter) —they were treated with contumely by these gentlemen. There were three orders of knight hood. There was no pretence of giving these orders for merit. They were simply given to gentlemen in the IJpper House in order to keep them Bweet,as homightcallit, for Govern ment. (Laughter.) Almost one-half of the peers were Privy Councillors. A EIGHT FOR SALARIES. When a Ministry waa turned out gentlemen in the Upper Houpo fought for places with a salary. ^ One gentleman got a sum of money for looking after the Queen's dogs; another for looking after the Queen's horses; und auotho: for looking after tho Queen's footmen. (Laughter.) Ho had been counting up what they received from the State, and found that they received altogether £338,776 per annum from the publio Treasury. They wvro told that tho payment of members of the Houso of Commons would bo degrading, and would destroy their independence. • Yet a very small sum of division show that theB© hereditary peers, notwithstanding their vast wealth, got sn average of £700 por annum for ilieir services. Tho7 had relations who, according to tho "Financial Reform Almanac*1—(oh, ob^—had from 1855 to tho present date received £120,000,000. Surely £100,000 000 was a con siderable sum for 400 and 500 families to huvo received from the Exchequer in 30 years. (Cheers.)' THE CONTEST BETWEEN THE HOUSES. What was tho proaout position of affairs? The Primo Minister was returned by large majorities iu England, Walos, Scotland, uud Ireland. He would probably bring forward a tcheme of .home rule, but Lord Salisbury said that .the House of Lords would throw it out. (Hoar, hair, from tho Opposition.) Tho noble marquis claimed, in faot, to veto any Act passed by the Commons and to force a dissolution when ho liked. They ought not to maintain tbe cxirtttmco of nu hereditary House of Lords v.'hoopenly vowtd that they wero them in order to provent tho House of Commons doing what' thoy considered was for tho good of tho country. It was said tho House of Lords could not bo gbt rid of without physical force. Could it not ba oonBtitutiofiolly done ? 01 coarse it could. Nothing could hfe eafcierftbaa to create 3C0 peerflj if necefBary, to swamp tbeih. {Laughter.) He really believed tbaie was such patriotism on these (the liberal) benches that ho could fled 300 ffentlemen on that side of the House who would ascend the altar of their country and sacrifice themselves. (Laughter.) He was not ashing the House to dealde between the system of one Chamber and another, but he wanted a reform, not in accordance with the principles rooognised in the constitution Of the House of Lords, hat in accordance with the principles recognised by evefy sane man out of that House: The fact waa the lines of demarcation betweon Liberals and Conservatives at the present moment were somewhat vague, and he believed the only men who knew their own mindo in this House wero the Radicals. Now that the Reform Acts were passed, the country would begin to he governed by tbo democracy, Jand Democrats and Radicals wero ident cal. Demo* crats regarded a hereditary legislature as an insult, an absurdity, and an abomination. The House of hereditary landlords, which claimed the right to overturn decisions arrived at by the representatives of tbo peoplo, was a baneful and porniciouB institution. In the great tri bunals of the country judgment had been given on this subject, and he called upon this House to give effect to that judgment. (Cheer6.) 