THE CAULFIELD RAGES. S[BY EL?ro TELEGRAPH.] [FROM OUR OWN ORBKSPOFDONTl.] Melbourne, Sunday, October 10. The first day's racing in connection with the Mel boirae V.A.T.C. meeting was held at Caulfield on Saturday. Slight rain fell just before the races commenced, but there waos very large attendance. The whole arrangements were perfect. A protest by Hales that Maddelina, the winner of the Guineas, interrferd with Vollsno, was dismissed. The fol. lowing are particulars et the various events: Miden Plate: one mile.-Newmaster, I; High land Chief, 2; Yule Cake, 8. The following also started :--Crown Brand, Ex-Premier. Donrobin, Aristocrat, Empress, slelander, Lord of Manor, Buckley, Menotte, Rouge et Noir, Lara, Rosmond, aot Iron, Crane, Royeter, and Repose. The field weresentoff well together, Menotte leading, a length off Highland Chief. Yule Cake and Newmaster showed the way round the back of the course, and round the turn for home Newmaster dashed out snddenly first intothe straight, but, for want of cou ditilon, only got homehalf-a-length clearof Highland Chibf, Yafe Cake third, fonr lengths off the Fobber(?), who was fourth. Time, Imin. 46sec. Handicsp Hurdles; two miles.-Honteman, 1; Bonnie Lad. 2; Yet Again, 3. Ocean, Fuse, Re venge. Sinking Feood, Grehitae, and Urilus also started. Hudtsman, Bonnie Lad, and Onean almost immediately took up the running, but were .shortly supplanted by Revenge, who showed the way past the stand up to the hill, being ten lengths from Hushtsman. The field clonsed up at the back of the course, and Ocean got within a length of the leader, whodiedaway at the home turn. Enstoman and BomnieLad entered thestraight almoettogether, and drew away from the others. Huntsman lested the longest, and won by two lengths. Yet Again weab a moderate third. Time, ramin. 58Bsec. Great Foal Stakes; four furlongs.--IIortenee, 1 ; Yetman, 2; Perhaps,.S. The following horses also started :-Albert Loddon, Prattler, The Dreamer, Pointifex, Abydos,Epicurean, Lady Level, Nectarine, Chrystise, and Sumatra. Hortense got several legthe the best of the start. The others, with the exception of NectArine, went off in a line; Epi curean, Perhaps, Yetman, and Prattler ran forward, cloie together. Albert andloddon then fell back, an Hortense held the advantge, and won with I greatesee by several lengths. Yetman and Perhaps ran a dead heat for second place. Epicurea anud and Lady Level were close together nbat. Time, Slest,. 5The Canlfeld Guineas : one mile.-Maddellne, 8at. (Colley), i ; Volcano, 7et. blb. (Bales), 2; First Cotaul, 8st. flb. (Power), 3. Donald, Retort, Blair gowrle, Cheshbam, and Gadfly also started. Volcano al?oat immediately took the lead, anod,. at the end of the first furlong, was followed in order by Ches ham, First Consul, Blairgowrie, Gadfly, Retort, Donald, and Maddelina. Round the bend at the back of the course Cheaham showed.a neck in front Volcano and Maddelina last past the mud wall. Middelina then made a remarkable run up to Vol. erno, and led Ms. White's horse into the straight. Middelina had a neck advantage over Volcano, who s jammed close up'to the rails. After a splendid stroggle Maddelina won by half-a-length, First COmSu being only a bare half.head behind Volcano, Btirgowrie fourth, close up, then, with a gap of three lengths,came Cheshsm. Time, Imi. 40see. Australian Hnnters' Cup Steeplechse ; about two miles and a quarter.-Goldfinder, 1: Union. 2; Albdallah, 3. The following also started :-Char coal, Narronung, Ajax, Curiosity (late Duplicate), Dondee, Gold Top, Champagne. Baldy, Salesman, Lara, Bungle (late BailifB), and Cotteretone. Char. coal and Salesman led off together. The field com mnenced to etring off after the first fence was nego tinted. The third fence brought down Gold Top. Thie positions then changed considerably. Ajax fell at.the last fence at the far side over the treble, Char coMl led Baldy, with Union and Salesman last, and also led up the hill and along the bask with Cotteratone aid Union. Cotterstone fell at the last femce at the back. At the mud wall Charcoal had a nasty: tall, and Abdallah had gone his distance at the lait fence. Union led Salesman into the straight, buht Goldfindor drew on the others, and won b two lengths jfrom Union, Abdallah a poor third. ime, 5min. leo. ~Poorak Handicap; one mile.--Middlemarch, I: Richmond. 2; Hogmanay, 3. Chuckater, The Ghost, Eagle Grange, Camerine, Medea. Heron, Doke of Athbl, Ellineton, Bonnie Doon. Clarendon, BHarnesten, V?scosar, Maroney. Millstream, Western, Mostang, Blondin, and Eogenie also ran. Vaseosa led along the back of the course down to the turn. Bogmanay then came out, and looked like winning, until Middlemarch. answering the call gamely, won by a length, Riehworth just beat Hogmanay for second place. Time, Imin. 47aec. 