HAMLET. Shakespeare’s tragedy of this name was produced last night in the Academy of Music by Mr Robson and a number of the leading elocutionists of Ballarat. The cast of the play , was .as follows:—Hamlet, Mr John Robson; King,. Mr A. C. Carnegie; Folonius, Mr: Treloar; Laertes, Mr W. L. Paine; Horatio. Mr W. X. Allan; Ghost’ of Hamlet’s Father, Mr T. Saunders; Eosen crantz, Mr Manning;' Guilderstern, Mr F. Barrow; Osric, Mr J. Payne; Mar cellus, Mr F. Smith; Bernadoj Mr. Wv Wilson; First Gravedigger, Mr C. Manners; Second Gravedigger, Mr W. D. Hill; First Player, Mr J. Frame; Second Player, Mr D. Heale; Pages, Master G. Jones and A. E. Saunders; Player Queen, Miss Parker; Ophelia, Miss L. Payne; Queen, Miss A. E. Clanchy. It is needless to say that in speaking of the performers we deal with them as amateurs, and not as professionals. From this point of view Mr fepb son’s Hamlet was a . very meritorious 1 ; performance. His acting in the charh'- ber scene with his mother, and—though not nearly to so marked an 'extent—also in the play-scene was worthy of high praise. His acting was consistent and forcible throughout. Mr A. C. Carnegie -was digni fied and effective as the king. Mr W. L. Paine’s conception of Laertes’ character was a good one, and though there was a ten-, dency on bis part to infuse too much force into it in the latter scenes he acted well. Mr W. I. Allan’s Horatio was a gentlemanly and quietly effective one, and very creditable to the performer. Mr T. Saunders as the Ghost, gave the difficult and sepulchral speech to Hamlet in first-class style. Miss L. Payne scored a decided success as Ophelia. Lastnightwasthisyounglady’sde&fK; on the theatrical boards, but we venture tosay it will not be her last. In the mad scene especially, she was natural and forcible. Without “ o’erstepping the bounds of nature,” she carried the audience com pletely with her and won well- deserved plaudits. Miss Clanchy, as the Queen, also acted well throughout. Amongst the others who did well were—Mr J. Frame, as.the First Player; Messrs C. Manners and W. D. Hill, as first and second gravediggers; and Mr Treloar, as Polonious (save for an estrangement from the aspirate). The minor characters were also well filled. The dresses and appointments were on a scale of magni ficence such as agreeably surprised most of those who were present; and the scenery was also suitable and good. The play was curtailed, but, inasmuch as amateurs invari ably occupy longer with a piece than pro fessionals, we would suggest the elimination of further passages, in order that the audi ence may be dismissed at an earlier hour. “Hamlet will be repeated this evening, when there promises to be a large attend ance. The manner in which the piece is put on the stage certainly deserves it, and if it were only to express appreciation of- the efforts of the performers to furnish amusement and instruction for the public, extensive patronage should be accorded to it. 