KYNETON lNDiii^T CHURCH. Ł - NI Mr Currie's subject Ut Sundavm . 0r w^s, as he expressed it, " i " r '- 1 fhree points, viz—" First H,„ tween the divine process^ ^ 1 •J 11 rr , J uuuiau aeVlf said. Hebrew prophets He aui . •stian writers were true to nature in a i "" which indicated a divine method J? t"'f Jrli making always going 0n- a,?a noticed that the desirable til. nations, i e. settled resting p£ S f ° f human heart, were secured which to the fearful anS unh„i thins appeared most likely to disturb stroy. The kingdom which moved has worlds have been formed" out 0f th. tions caused by those chemii f 5 " 3 ' which revolve and re- fashion^ ^ ^ pounded things. Hence all attending • r 3 In ","'- way Babels and Sin";.'" to be accounted for, revolution 7 sort being an accompaniment of Jl r r which turns up 'chaff with unq^cW pared conditions" of the atmospherf V precious pearls of truth are brou,htf Tit the deep fisheries of the wide n Human makeshifts have fared h under the strain of time In .i" ^ civilisations culture divorced from ml / and force which scorned the riEht gone down m ignomy, have been dash " in pieces like a potter's vessel f r dynasty which has sought to renre« ? velopment, and every ideal of the individual, has failed as •gtiwtii -.s_„vaitr attempt among ourselves to weld signally anwil'- as the people into union. A U such thins allegory for us; let us not Wim. ft we are wiser than God. l'he erenrevery day life warn all who are ffJ?! candtd that high-pressure piety can hm appearance make lasting rock Thit wh • seems so when acted upon by the amS of the living drops oi God's ever-Jr purpose soon parts and becomes L sand ! and BO, also, the sleepr relLn't which suspends thought, because the „ thinking or the crafty say that their 'et,-.' image - fell down like Diana from jJ.* are self- convicted of an immaturity wiU would limit the infinite spaces m the divine work of educating huuiiBift:- cairied on. The trim artificiality proa]':" by thejhand of the gardener is rijhtenot'"- its place, but the natural sweep of ^ stream and the undulations of the coanirr attest a skill which works upon a boldplan and produces more striKin" efec-: The Worker together with God hi M ^ that his desires and efforts keej) time«S a purpose which sees the end fron beginning. As in nature so in development is steady and orderlr a. hasting but constant." Jlr c^.-! second topic went to show that wheels of change have a centre, whije r- system of Judaism has-for all pneti purposes—' had its day and ceased to tT 1 yet it held in its heart a gospel which U never ceased to bless humanitv. Tab - as one of the incidents in God's voiiC plan, and while it shows the action d forces which bring about the decay oi ^ perishable things, yet the history oi people proves that change is nor tL master and tormentor of a race tied to whirling rack. Working amidst • nnrs-J of time as its materials, there is a parp^ fixed and sure like that ancient a:; queenly city of Europe established the floods,' and as its oiott.i sua®-;- ' Unmoved by wave or wind !' n- ' accent of the Holy Ghost' heard is ńi private audience-chamber of the indiridai heart: the old Quaker faith which mate a Pentecost perennial! I his faith »h:;: brings to the heart the power of God uti passeth all understanding, is the point of rest which no system of threi can ever fully explain; and it is a tnjt. ledge which no criticism can possb'T shake." " Thirdly, it folio *s as a faa? of reason, as a matter of course in moral realm, that to attain the Ki: Salvation which is the theme Bible teaching, the heart mu<r x obedient to the law of the spin: :;' life in Christ Jesus. Let each ast kii own spirit what he finds within. Is.;; the most just observation of which weo capable, and are we not convinced tin;'._: true course haB not been accurately tip:! Talk reasonably with the past and the a:- bidden fear as to consequences Etan: listen to the whispers of the gentle, pleading voice, which, though oft rd;!r stilled, yet mercifully refuses to be hushed into silence, and such convictions fe parts of ourselves are found to cliiutjsatways. The bow is set in the cload.f : both bow and cloud are in thestroiic life. There is no consistent of the shadow, and no ripening the sunshine when we are untrue to c intended teachings of them both Ta agitations of the spirit will blow in aire less clouds of dust the light and vn hopes of the life in which ' merer aai hope' have not * met together'; while a storm, however wild and threatening, sc uproot a single blade of the truth, whia grips the soli of the Christian Gospel The hasty religions of opinions ars i! subject to sudden upheavals: sooner c later they get covered with the vota mud. The careless navigator whosME bent upon reaching port by perilous natures is oft landed on the sand- bank. broken on the unsuspected rock. Let c waste lives of effervescing professor us that the noise of the breakers i; the boom of the ocean, where sea-r«ffl« boundless! The holy experiences a Christianity are not capable of verbL explanation; they are, as an apatie ta e said, 'spiritually discerned.' ! ' pects the verbal critic to cipouad ™ pathos of the poem, or the artist to conw to the spectators the merits of the status in words ? Your dearest friend slips 3"? in wondering disgust if you must to® delineation of the expression with vl"" 1 love lights the human face divine! is au instinct which tells the heart WIŁ _ is putting Christianity's spirit to t the spiritual meaning of the hope and tb fear which like deep mysteries into our life ; and out of whose actions, girded by the spirit of all nisdom. thf comes the rest which remains for people of God. The foreaoins are bt! fragments of the outline of thought was presented. Mr Currie ~ ' anuoanf^ that he would begin a series ofSun J »J evening discourses, which would (W® , a review of the life of Christ, and probably occupy attention for many TeiB to coma 