CA S TL EM A INE. (from odr own correspondent. ) Monday, 20th September. It wan roporiod to fclio polico to-day, that a f imale infant, tho daughter of a married couple named Brandt, had oxpirod ao- j-iowliat suddenly at li'tr parents' residence, Chewton, at an early hour this mnruiir,-. It appears that on Sunday morning tho child, aged about seven monthi, was noticed by the mother to bo in a feverish state, and she ap plied tha usual household remedies. At the "child became worse this morning at about o'clock, she sMit for Dr Raid, but before his arrival tho little 0110 died. Dr Reid refused to give a certificate ; s tn the cause of death, and a magisterial inquiry will be held to-morrow. A well attended meeting of the ministers of tho various denominations, including representatives of the Salvation Army, was held at tho Council Chambers this afternoon, for the purpose of decid ius the data upon which tho Hospital Svmd.iy services ahould be celebrated this yoar. After somo discussion, it was decided to make collections 111 aid of tho local charities in all churches in the district, on the 21th October. It was also pro pped to inaugurate the Hospital Saturday move ment in the district; and it ia to be hoped that the incop'.ion will result successfully from a local point of view. The milit-uy church parade, aa u>ual, will bo a distinctive feature, and will bo l>e!d in November. A preliminary meeting of gentlemen desirous of making airangements for the annual carnival in aid of the local ch irities, was held at tho Town liall to night. Thsra was a fair attendance, and after various suggestions were made, it was de cided nut to clash with the Campbell's Creek sports. Another meeting will bo held at an early data, when details will be arranged. The " OuaUonmine Amateurs" are again to the fore in a good work. They are now rehearsing for a performance in aid of tho Bolston fund. The militia teams' match, which will tako place nt Wiiligunyah on Wodneaday, ia attracting con hi'lmable attontion in military circles. A local town, reprosontiog the 4th battalion, has been chosen to compete, consisting of Captain Temple ton, Sergeants Thompson and Congdon, and Privates Wilson and Thimbleby. At tho police court this morning, tho advance aeont of West's Circus, known respectively as Thompson and Lamond, was charged with assault ing a member of the troupo named Robert Lowe. It. would appear from the ovidenca elicited during tho hearing of tho case, that the provincial tour of the circus company has not bcon au unmitigated success. In fact " the ghost" would not " walk"; and tho parties to the cause wore discussing finan cial m ttars when the assault took place. Tho advance agent allowed his valor to overcome his discretion, aud after having challenged " any two of them" to combat, ho knocked Lowo down and tlm kickod him. In defence, Thompson said ho was struck first; hut tho bench elected to coincide with the complainant and fined tho defendant 2Q<; in dofault thre^ days'. iinprisonmont. Aa the amount of the fine was not forthcoming on the rising of tha court, tho accused was removed to the " sanitary" quarters on tho hill. 