MRS. LEKVITT'S IUSSION. Mrs. Mary Clement Leavitt, who, for some years past, has represented the Gospel Temperance Union of America, will arrive from Tasmania this evening in connection with mission work, which she will commence in the city on Sunday next. Mrs. Leavitt has carried on most successful meetings throughout America, New Zealand,' Tasmania, and other im portant centres, and in each has achieved most satisfactory results. Mrs. Leavitt will remain only one week in Meclbourne, as other engagements call her away to Sydney. The week's mission is under the auspices of the Young Women's Christian Association and the Blue Ribbon Temperance Union. Mars. Leavitt will meet workers in the Y.W.C.A. roomes Assembly Hall, to-morrow evening at 7.30 o'clock, when a short address will be delivered on the coming mission. It is earnestly desired that all interested in gospel temperance work will attend the meetings to be held next week. Mrs. Leavitt during her stay will be the guest of :the lion T. HIam, who has evincel much interest in the cause. The following are the arrangements for the mission. On Smiday, 21st March, Mrs. Leavitt will conduct services as follows : Morning 11 a.m., Wesley Church, Lons- dale-street, subject, 'The Body, the Temple of the Holy Ghost;' afternoon 3 p.m., Temperance Hall, Russell street, subject, ' Address to Young Ladies ;' for whom seats will be reserved ; evening 7 p.In.' Theatro Royal, 'Sir, we would see Jesus.' Throughout the week the follow ing addresses will be delivered, commenc ing at eight p.mie., in the Temperance hall, lltsscll- strect :- Monday, 22nd March, ' The Women's Crusadle and Women's Christian Temperanco Union in America; Tuesday, 23rd March,' Drink and Crime;' Wednesday, 24t11: larch, ' Liquor Traffic in the Colonis ;' Thurs day, 25th March, ' Success oft Prohiibitioa in America ;' Friday, 21th March, ' Woman, Her lli, hts, Wrongs, and lic sp!1sibiliiic?.' Afternoon meetings \will be held ea;sh lay, at three o'clock, for Ladies only. Tuesday, 23rd March, ' The 3Moral Education of the Young;' Wednes day, 21th 3March, ' Social Purity ; 'Thurs day, 25th March, ' Alcoholism and Here dity;' Fridlay, 26th 1March, ' Organization if the \\\'ollen'a Christian Telmperance Union.' Oni Saturday afternoon, 27th Mlarcl, Mrs. Leavitt will address Sunday School Children at 3 ilm. All Sunday Schools are invited to attend. On Sun day, 28th March, Mrs. Leavitt will give Addrcsses in the leading chlrches, par ticulars of which will be announced by advertisement in daily papers. Collect ions will he taken at all meetings to do fray expenses of the Mission. The Blue Ribbon Choir tinder the conductorship of Mr. G. A. Broadbcnt, will render selected hyims dirilng the meetings. .- . m l 