INTELLIGENCE BY WIRE. [Through Greville's Company.] NEW SOUTH WALES. [Lodged 11.20; received 12.15.] Bain. Nearly two and a half inches of rain have fallen since Friday last in the city. The heaviest fall was at Port Stephens where Oi inches were recorded. There is a heavy sea along the coast and the weather is quite wintry. Snow fell in several country dis tricts. It is fine to-day. The Unemployed. A fresh contingent of 200 of the unem ployed was sent to the Rookwood relief works on Saturday. It is probable that 300 more ^ill be forwarded to-day. Com plaints have been received from the conn try about sending up the unemployed to Bourke. There were over 30 sent, many at their own request, and they have applied to the Police Magistrate for rations. Obituary. Lady Forbes, aged 91, died yesterday from the effects of a recent ticcident. Sporting. The following won their respective heats at the Sir Joseph Banks' Handicap:— Quick, Hogan, Hillyard, Freeman, Gagen, A. Turner, J. Griffiths, Short, Blyth, Linane, and Malone. There were over 3000 person present. Whitney is still the favourite. Discovery of Silver. The Minister of Mines has received news of an important discovery of Bilver on the Queensland border near Milpa rinka. The German Squadron. The Premier entertained Admiral Knorr and the officers of the German squadron on a trip over the Blue Mountains last Saturday. Farmers Fined. Thirty-one farmers were fined at Taree, last Friday, for infringing the Pastures and Stock Act. [Lodged 12.45 ; received 1.40.] Sporting. Following are the weights for the Rose hill Handicap :— Tempe, 9st. 21bs. ; Tom Brown, 9st. ; Minerva, 8st. lllbs. ; First Chester and Silver King, 8st. 91bs. ; Cerise and Blue and Oatcake, 8st. Tibs.; Archie, Warwick, Fraud (late Wing), 8st. 41bs. ; Uralla, Monte Cliristo, and Brown and Rose, 6st. 21bs. ; Orphan, Kathleen, Gozo, and El simore, 8st. ; Ringmaster, Wanda, and Privateer, 7st. 121bs.; Silver Mine, King's Own, and Rapid, 7et. lOlbs. ; Peter, Pres ton, and Agent, 7st. 91bs. ; First Prince, Solo, First Demon, Desmond, and Euro clydon, 7st. 7Ibs. ; Margrave, Signor, and Balmoral, 7st. 51bs. ; Remus, Jewel, Chieftain, and Lancer, 7st. 31bs. ; Per chance, Premature, Lenmeah, and Glen Elgin, 7st. ; New York, Bullion, Coraus, and Monk, Gst. 121bs. ; Rosebud, Prodi eal, and Recruit, Gst. lllbs. ; All Gold, Florence, Speculation, Soldier, and Wind, (ist. lOlbs. ; Astroea, Galatea, Phyllis, Dugobcrt, and First Game, Gst. 91bs. ; Burrilda, Nepicallina, Toronto, Ferndale, i>nd Liberie, Gst. 71bs. ; Keith, Arista, Eclipse, Wollongong, and Trainp, Gst, Gibs. ; Kingsgrove, Dischard, Lorelli, Peeress, Jackson, and Surry, Gst. 31bs. ; Toorale, Sorella, Roobie, Albert, Victor, Stanley, Daughter of the Regiment, Ve ronique, Solicitor, and Lady Durham, Gst. Hawkesbury Handicap :—Mozart and Honeydew, 8st. liilbs. ; Prince Imperial and Oatcake, 8st. lOlbs. ; Uralla, Cerise and Blue, and Soldier Boy, 8sb 81bs. Wanda, Fraud, and Battailous, 8s t. Gibs. ; Colstoun, Ghost, and Stafford, Sst. 4lbs. Orphan, Gozo, and Recruit, Sst 21bs; Folly, Sir Garnet, and Rapid, Sst; Here's Luck and Eurochydon, 7st. 121bs. ; First Demon, 7st. lllbs. ; Mat^grave and Zetio, 7st. lOlbs. ; Remus, Jewel, and Prodigal, 7st. Slbs. ; Pet Girl, Premature, and Marondah, 7st. Gibs ; Albanus, F. F. Deer, Monk, and Speculation, 7st. 4lbs ; Astroea, All Gold, and Abner, 7st. Slbs. ; Kingagrove, Cairo, Burrilda, and Bonnie Bee, 7st. ; Magnifier, Keith, and Brigan tine, Gst. ISlbs. ; Marie Ijouise, Gst. lllbs. ; Falcon, Nepicallina, and First Game, Gst. lOlbs. ; Ptolemy, Volcano, Boori, and Wilhelmiua, Gst. 81bs. ; Zareba, Hexham, Morccau, and Millstream, Gst. Gibs. ; Crystal, Boco, and Daughter of the Re giment, Gst. 41bs. ; Devotion, Lorelli, and Wotonga, Gst. 21bs. ; Evergreen, Prince Regent., Clement, and Ccstus, Gst.. Hawkesbury Handicap : Grace Darling, Gst. ; Tom Brown, Sst. 121bs. ; Welcome Jack, Sst. lOlbs. ; Mozart, Heneydew, and Minerva, Sst. Tibs. ; Prince Imperial and Gatcake, 8st. bibs. ; Cerise and Blue and Merlin, Sst. 31bs. ; Fraud and Soldier Boy, Sst. ; Orphan and Hurricane, 7st. 121bs. ; Battailous 7st. lllbs. ; Fralla and Stafford, 7st. lOlbs. ; Folly and Priva teer, 7st. Gibs. ; Preston and Rapid, 7st. Gibs. ; Kingston, First Demon, Here's Luck and Euroclydon 7st. 41bs. ; Mar quis and Zeno, 7st. 21bs.; Arsenal, Re mu;«W.iCfciro,Car digan, AllGnld, and FiiM^imeM. filbs.: Magnifier, Buitflda, Nepiadliim, Hiyflia, and Ferndale, fist. tibs.; Sawdust, Wol* longoug, Eclipse, and Tramp, fist. 21bs. ; Crystal, Toorale, Hexham, Prinoe Regent, Craro witch Rnd Woting fist. [Lodged, 6.22 ; received, 445.] TheGrafton Chureh Scandal. At Grafton, on Saturday morning, the Rev. baac M'Kay received a Police Conrt summons charging him and several others, including «ome females, with lur ing created a not. The following after noon the Rev. fife, M'Kay laid She fol lowing information before Mr. Rawden, J.P., viz., "That on the seventh day of March Messrs. M'KJnnon, Livingstone, and M'Pherson did by force prevent Xssaac M'Kay, a clergyman then duly au thorised in that Miim, from officiating in a place of divine worship, to wit, a Pres byterian Church in the said city, contrary to the Act." The Unemployed. This morning 231 men were registered, for the purpose of obtaining employment on the relief works, and another 100 Were expected to be registered dating the day. Complaints have reached the Government that they are paying the unemployed more than private employers. It is said that in the Nepe&n; district men are clear ing land at £9 per acre, while the Govern ment are giving £14. Railway Employee's Fares. The Traffic Department having issued a notice that the railway employees travel ling to and from work on the railway should pay half fares, a deputation waited upon the Minister with reference to the matter to-day. The Minister promised to make enquiries. The Bathuret Election. It "is- publicly asserted that Mr. Mayne's friends intend to protest against Mr, Suttor's election before the Elections and Qualifications Committee. Fatal Accident. A commission agent named Heckscher, who was thrown from his horse on the Waverley Road, in consequence of the animal taking fright at the train, died from the effects of his injuries this morn ing. The deceased had not been long in the colony, and is said to be the son of a medical gentleman in Manchester. Mr. A. G. Taylor. The friends and admirers of Mr. A. G. Taylpr are raising a fond to pay for his expenses, and intend to forward at once a portion of the money to him in England. The report that he is about to resign his seat and study for the Bar in England is denied. It is expected he will return to Sydney within three months. Mining Leases. The Minister for Mines intends at an early date to take steps for the enforce ment of the labour covenants in the min ing leases. A number of such leases are said to be in the hands of syndicates, who are not working any of the land, but are merely holding on to the proper ties in hope of being able to sell at an immense profit when some one near there unearths gold or other minerals. It is the intention of the Minister to cancel all such leases apparently held for merely speculative purposes. The Zoological Gardens. Two young lion cubs were born at the Zoo. this morning. They appear to be healthy, and promise well. Fire. Messrs. Gov an and Co. 's general store keepers, Urana, premises were destroyed by fire yesterday. The loss exceeds £2000 ; insurances amount to £1500. Mr. Clarke on the Situation. Mr. Win. Clarke has issued invitations to a number of his fellow members in the Assembly to attend a meeting to consider the desirability of placing a tar on wheat and other cereals. Mr. Clarke will also be a candidate for the Chairmanship of Committees, left vacant by Mr. Garrett's resignation. 