?BaggMBwaau SEAOHPORT. (From our own Correspondent.) Oct. 4. The weather cpnt^ue^ very Unsettled in this part of the wojld, hp.t, sultry days, alternating with wind, ram, and cold. We have still any quantity of water lying around about, especi ally in front of the railway station, where the old Cricket ground is covered with about two feet of water. It does seem a pity that the Public Works Department cannot be persuaded to spend a couple of hundred pounds to put in a drain under the railway, between La^e. George and the sea-a distance. o£ about & hundred yards-and thua 'effectually drain La^e George,' the" township, and also all the pasture country lying along the foot of the Woakwine hills, as it will be months before the water dries up. The Hinders, for Adelaide, foot away a fu^ cargo, from h^ prx ^riday, ljavi.tig oyer 200 tons of potatoes aijd pth,er proiJy.ce ftom t&ia; port, beliiJ?a' a large mia,nttfy of cargo from WarrnamVopl. About M ya??e$gers lerthere for Adelaide PY The Lotus, on the same data bftd a full cargo of potatoes for Adelaide -111 tons, I believe. The Institute Club, which started some, time ago under very favorable auspices, has, I regret to say, quietly given up (I was gojng.ta say the ghost) operations, ar*d £3 j&aw; defunct, due to the little interest manifested in it by the r^robertf' arid the public. This is to be 1 regretted, as the club was, without doubt, a most valuable institution, and calculated to improve the members in knowledge, and alio in their intimacy with each othe^. ' The prediction my laat letter that the days of the Beachp.ort Qricket Olqb, were numbered has not' turned out correctly, as on Saturday a match was arranged between the Government officials and "outsiders," the former team win ning by 21 runs. For the winners Hoyle and J. Brimage were top scorers in the first innings and Cartnew and Howell in the second, y/hife for the losers S. Thompson s.$d, Butcher were highest in the tirs.t innwig8,'*ahd Wilson in the second. . J tithe evening a meeting was held in MacQueen's Jlotel to revive the club, at which 17 members were enrolled, and the following appointments made President, E. J. Fr^cS, I Esq., J.P.; Vice- President^-J&esws.; "J. "R. Sch;egel. A. 0. ©Us, Oiapt. Brimage, §pd I£omo)l: !Rqo. Secretary and Treasurer ~rJ$r, Howell; Committee-Messrs. Mac Queen, Neale, Hoyle, and Thompson; Prac tice Captains-Messrs. MacQueen, Thompson, G. J. Smith and E. Howell. A vote of thanki to the retiring officers cppoluded the "pro ceedinga, Woman (begging)-" Won't you help a poor woman who has been left alone in the wide wide world ?" Sailor (who hap beea shipwrecked) - "^hat'a nuthin.v mum. Vou'd hay qumthin to complain about ef you'd bin, lilfio we, ajooe oa « wide, wide . as?j." 