The laying of tbe foundation-stone of the Adelaide Jubilee Exhibition on Monday last was an event of no little importance. The hopefulness of tbe speakers as to the ultimate success of the Exhibition, together with tbe enthusiasm of the vast concourse who witnessed the ceremony, must have proved a striking contrast to the large gatherings that have of late taken place in tbe metropolis. We refer to meetings of the unemployed, and we trust that this break up of the doleful monopoly may be tbe beginning- oi better and more prosperous times. His Excellency the Governor per formed the ceremony of laying the stone, and his speech was practical and inspiriting. His Excellency, while sanguine as to the success of the undertaking, did not overlook the con ditions on which this could be reason ably expected, the chief being unity of purpose and action on tbe part of South Australians. The speakers who pre ceded bis Excellency naturally referred to the scheme from its inception to its present stage of development, giving details of the opposition that was offered, and showing that the energy and enthosiasm of some of our leading colonists broke down all barriers. It is not, therefore, our purpose to touch on these matters further than to con gratulate Mr. E. T. Smith and the gentlemen who afforded hiui practical aid in resuscitating the measure rejected by tbe legislature, on the Droeress so far made. Of course, if tbe original scheme bad ripened the Exhibition would have been in the fullest 6ense a State undertaking ; but private individuals were not wanting in patriotism, and so rescued the colony from the disgrace of backing out of the affair after announcing to the world that the show would be held. The Government, with the sanc tion of Parliament, has done what it could to wipe out the reproach that might be attached to its action at the outset, and hence it is, as his Excel lency stated, 'a quasi-Government undertaking.' The opposition shown to the Bill in the first instance by a number of colo nists was on prudential grounds. They were afraid of the cost, and considered that the depressed state ot the colony did not warrant the undertaking*, and as it was believed that something like a quarter of a million sterling would be spent they did quite right in protest ing. With the reduction in the amount of money to be expended a good deal of the opposition ceased, and we think that the promoters may now rely on a unanimity of feeling in favor of the project. There can be no doubt that there would have been greater encouragement to push the undertak ing to a successful issue had the exist ing depression been relaxing ; but it is hoped and believed by many that the Jubilee Exhibition will be tbe means of creating a new era of prosperity in South Australia. The executive Com mittees are fully in harness, the neigh boring colonies are en rapport with the undertaking, and the older countries will not stand aloof. The work con nected with the building and tbe lay ing out of the grounds will provide a good deal of employment, and the preparations of intending South Aus tralian exhibitors will necessarily create work for additional labor. The pros pective presence of Royalty at the opening ceremonies cannot fail to im part additional interest to our jubilee show. Meanwhile the constructive work of tbe Exhibition .will have to be proceeded with as quickly as possible. Thb distress in the Northern agricultural districts is becoming every week more serious. On Tuesday last Mr. Ward made reference to the straits to which the Northern settlers were driven, and appealed to the Government to push forward water conservation works in those parts where the settlers were suffering most. This ia the second time that the member for Frome has pressed the matter upon the attention of the House. No doubt be has acted in accor dance witU the request of soiuo of his con stituents, but such a course h uot, perhaps, the most preferable one th:it nii^iit have been adopted. It has put the condition of the North in the worst possible light before people in other parts of the worl ! who take any notice of South Australian affairs, and City merchants are threatening to withdraw supplies from the majority of country store keepers unless remittances accompany the orders. There is a limit to credit, and merchants do not require telling how to manage their husiuess. It is, however, just possible to so unwittingly exaggerate tbe state of affairs as 10 subject the sufferers to greater hardships by the withdrawal of accommodation. Persons in Glare have received word from their farming friends in the areas that they have benefitted so much by the late rains that it makes them quite hopeful of the future. They state that the young wheat is springing up, and that in three weeks they expect to have sufficient feed for their stock. That locality has been more favored than others, however, and accounts from other parts are doleful enough, stock having to be taken elsewhere to try and save their lives; but a good general downpour by the end of the month would, perhaps, bring up the wheat where it is supposed to have perished. Mr. Ward speaks of farmers having gone over their land and found that in most caaes only half of the grain had germinated, the remainder having malted. It is nothing unusual to find malted grains on the surface, or where the seed-bed has been rough. If the seed were well covered it would be impossible to find malted grain in such quantities. And this shows the necessity of following the practice adopted at home, and which we have eo frequently advocated — sowing the seed with the aid of drills. If this is accessary in a moist climate like that of England, where the soil is also well tilled, it is doubly eo in this dry country, where the ground is mostly scratched over. It is not improbable that the seed which has been properly bedded has not yet shown the blade above the surface. Mr. Ward also refers to the wretched condition of the stock, and says that large numbers are dying through sheer want. There is no doubt thnt such is the case, and it is a pity that those farmers who had crops last year did not utilise the straw instead of burning it, for had that been done most of the stock might have been kept alive. Anything the Government may do will not provide food for stock, but if conservation works such as dam-making are commenced at an early date it would employ farmers and others who are badly off and lead to the circula tion of cash, tbe want of which is being s» badly felt. Let us etill hope that a favor able change in the weather will be shortly experienced, and that gloomy forebodings will be dispelled. Thk Birthday Reef. — Our correspon dent writes as follows, under date June 18 : — ' A splendid rain fell here on Wednesday and Thursday, registering 1.600 inches. This will have the effect of starting the feed and washing the dust off tue salt bush. There ia not much water lying about, as the rain was very steady. A partj was out to day prospecting for alluvial gold, and suc ceeded in obtaining some nice colors. This proves that the gold is not confined to the reefs. Should more rain fall a number of men intend prospecting for alluvial gold, and it is to be hoped a good result will follow their undertaking. Our new store is quite an acquisition, it being now finiebed. Things in general remain very quiet.' Class Skating Rink. — This place of amusement was crowded with spectators on Monday evening, the occasion being a skat ing demonstration. The afterpiece, entitle* ' Beauty and the Beast ; or the Puzzled Police-Troopers,' ran smoothly throughout. The proceedings were enlivened by tbe dulcet strains of Mr. J. Pryor's excellent brass band, and all seemed well pleased with their shilling's worth. The grand promenade by ladies and gentlemen in fancy costumes was an imposing eight, and the young ladies were neatly and prettily dressed. Miss A. Dyer, as a French peasant, appeared to ad vantage, and Miss Sissy Victoraen made a nice little flower girl, the tints in her dress being harmoniously blended. ' There were several other little misses, who were draped in neat and appropriate outfits. Mr. F. W. Smith commanded a deal of attention as an Indian nhief. His cfit-un was comnldte. even to the ring in his nose and other orna mental accessories. His outfit was scanty — all Indian chief's dresses are — and we hope Mr. Smith did not suffer any incon venience from the cold. Mr. S. Smith ap peared as his Satanic Majesty, and the ' old boy' had a flattering personator, his make-up being capital. Mr. J. S. Crabb (who, by tbe way, deserves a word of praise for the trouble and time devoted to instructing the children in their different parts) was conspicuous in a neat dress trimmed with fur. Mr. W. Young was admired in his natty Scotch garb, and Mr. T. DuRieu shone in a soldier's uniform. The remainder exhibited good taste in their dresses. After some jug glery, a cigar-and-utnbrella race took place, the competitors being Messrs. W. and H. Crabb, W. and It. Kimbar, S. Norris, and F. Dobbie. H. Crabb, being the most expert at putting on his skates and lighting his cigar, got away with a strong lead, and won easily. A graceful and artistic display of fancy ekating was given by Messrs. Crabb (3), A. T. DuRieu, F. Dobbie, S. Norris, aad R. Kimber. Tue fire fieud's gryatioas (skating between bottles within a given compass) were cleverly executed by Messrs. Crnbb (3) and DuRieu. Mr. R. Kimber attempted the feat, but was only moderately successful, owing to the want of practice. Mr. S. Smith burlesqued the event capitally, the bottles beinp terribly in his way at every turn, which caused much laughter. A set of quadrilles and the Circassian circle, by Messrs. J. S. Crabb, It. Kimber, W. Crabb, W. Young, A. T. Dultieu, S. Norris, W. lumber, and H. Crabb (the last-mentioned four Bsuming the part of ladies), were watched with interest. The Egyptian Sphinx, by Messrs. F. W. nnd S. Smith, was both amusing and entertaining, and the bridge hoop was neatly performed by Messrs. Crabb and others. The lust on tbe pro gramme was the pantomime, which was mirth-provoking aud startling, especially when the basket trick was being performed. All went through their parts well, and the costumes were appropriate. ' Beauty' (Mr. Norrie), however, appeared to be shy, and would not let the vulgar crowd gaze upon bis 'beauty,' his head aud face heiug draped in white and quite invisible to the eye. The following was tbe cast .'—Beauty (a thing of beauty is a joy for ever — beauty in dishevelled die- tresses — leave me alone, can't you !), Mr. S. Norris ; the Beast (not so ugly as he looks — never jud^e by appear ances — a beastly shame, though), Mr. A. T. DuRieu ; Count Enockemorff (a Muscovite, and a great swell, especially at sea), Mr. J. 8\. Crabb ; Shivermytimbers (a nautical rival, although not tarred with tbe same brush), Mr. W. Crabb ; Lawyer Letzueecim (a slow-going solicitor upon wheels), Mr. R. Kimber; Signor Africano (who does not hail — beinpa teetotaller — from Sunny Italy), Mr. H. Crabb; Haroun Alraecbid (an ap pareutly simple-minded Afghan, but really a blood-thirsty Hindoo), Mr. F. Dobbie; Police-Constable Runimino (I'm a coming — uot so easy as it looks, bedad — lend us a hand, Bill, and send for the milingtary), Mr. F. W. Smith; Corporal Sandpiper (deeds not words, them's my sentiments), Mr. S. Smith ; Captain Cockalorum (of the Horse Marines), Mr. W. Young ) Ghost of Beauty, Mr. W. Kimber. Tbe piece was under the leadership of Dr. Bain, and he spared no pains to make it a success, which he achieved. Lawn Tknnis. — On Monday last an in teresting game of tennis was played aX Dutton Park, Kapunda, between the Clare and local clubs. The match attracted a good deal of attention, there being upwards of 200 spectators presant. The following »r« tha nnrtimilftrs '— Mefiflm. Hriaht nnd Davies (C.) beat Messrs. Jacob and Gied t(K.) 18 games to 10. Messrs. Harder and Tar dif (C.) beat Messrs. Hamilton and Glynn (K.) 13 games to 3. Messrs. Harder and Tardif (C.) beat Messrs. Jacob and Giedt (I£.) 18 (rames to 10. Totals— Clare, 64 games ; Kapunda, 23. Misa Young and Miss A. Filgate (C.) beat Misa Cameron and Mr. Peurce (K.) 13 games to 12. Mr. Glynn and Miss Pearce (K.) beat Mr. Davied and Miss Young (C.) 16 games to 14\. Mr. Bright (C.) beat Mr. Jacob (K.) 18game«to 12. Grand totals— Clare, 99 games ; Kapunda, 63. Insolvency Court. — On Tuesday last, in the Adelaide Insolvency Court, the case of R. J. Moseley, laborer, of Riverton, was finally heard. The liabilities were £75, and the assets nothing. The causes of his failure were sickness in his family and the want of employment. A second-class certificate was awarded. — Henry Naulty, of Glanville, bootmaker, whose liabilities ware £99 15s and assets nil, was also awarded a second class certificate. Political. — fa the Legislative Council on Tuesday the Local Courts Bill was read a second time and taken into Committee. The Chinese Immigrants Bill had a stormy time of it, and tbe Hon. H. Scott moved an amendment that the Bill be read that day six months, which was carried, and tbe measure of course shelved. The object of this Bill, as our readers are aware, was to imnose a Doll tax on Chinese Isndiu? in the Northern Territory in order to prevent that undesirable race from overrunning the country and usurping the positions of Euro peans. The savants in the Upper House, however, think that Mongolians are an acquisition to tbe Territory, as they can be ruled at one-quarter the expense of Euro peans, baring greater respect for law and order, and are more thrifty in their habits — an argument that will not stand much looking into. Now that the almond eyed foreigners can enter tbe colony free numbers will hie thither as soon as tbe railway is commenced. Where the gold is the Chinaman will be found — the two are inseparable — and in the course of time tbe white race will have to give way to them. Perhaps it is just as well, inasmuch as a loathsome Chinese leper is not s desirable neighbor, and that disease breaks out among them occasionally. Queensland has been so invaded by them that the tax was raised from £10 to £30 a head, but even that high impost does not prevent them Ending their way there, the gold being the attraction, and everj fresh discovery will draw hordes of them to the Territory. — In the House of Assembly the Hon. J. Bray g;ave notice of his intention to ask for leave to bring in a Bill to provide for the imposi tion of stamp duties, on Tuesday next, when he will also make a financial state ment, which is looked forward to with great interest. Mr. Ward drew attention to the difctress in the North caused by drought, and asked that water- conservation and other works might be started, so as to give em ployment to settlers. Mr. Downer said he would do all that was necessary. A Stern Chase. — As proving the activity and expertnees of the police in the execution of their duty we record the fol lowing stern chase after a fugitive:— Hearing of a theft having been committed by a man named Roberts, MountedCon stable Kelly started in pursuit on horse back on Sunday morning last at 8 o'clock. He travelled to Stanley Fiat, White Hut, the Cattle Station, Hill River, Hilltown, aud thence to Spalding without effecting a capture, a distance of about 28 miles. Roberts was evidently on the alert, and he endeavored to throw the guardian of tha peace off the Bcent by leaving his swag on the roadside, and, abandoning all tracks, making his way across the rugged ranges on Hill River. The trooper tracked him across the river, and some very rougb country was traversed, being very trying to both horse and rider. To avoid suspicion Mr. Kelly on sighting a house was compelled to tie bis horse up and proceed about a mile on foot over the range. He eventually readied Booboorowie after a weary ride, and when he got about five miles west of that plnce be captured his man. By this time the shad«s of evening were closing over them, and in total darkness the trooper and prisoner travelled three long miles to wards Clare aud camped till morning, the distance travelled that day being about €1 miles. An early start was made next morninp, and Clare was reached by 4 o'clock in the evening, Mr. Kelly walking nnd riding occasionally. Had he not caught his man when he did he would have had some difficulty in bringing him to justice, as the jaded horse was unfit to pro ceed much further. Roberts was brought up on two charges of larceny at the Police Court on Wednesday, and sentenced to three months' imprisonment. Cable News. — The following London telegrams ara from the Adelaide dailies : — Iu the House of Commons the Right llou. James Bryce, Under-Secretary of State for I Foreign Affairs, replying Jo a question, said the Government had no intention of depart ing from the agreement entered into be tween Frauce nod Great Britain, by which the two countries bound themselves to re spect the independence of the New He brides Islands. — The match, Australians v. Gentlemen of England, was resumed and concluded on the Oval to-day (June 10). The attendance was good, and weather fine. The visitors, who on the previous day had lost three wickets for 282, resumed their innings. Jones increased bis score by five, when he was caught for 161. Garrett played a fine innings, carrying out his bat for 49. The last wicket fell for 488 runs, or 17 ahead of the home team. The Gentlemen now took the wickets for their second innings, but Newke was the only one who succeeded in making a score. He made 30 caught. The last wicket fell for 105\. Lucas and Rollen were absent, having been hurt iu the field. The match was drawn in favor of the visitors, who bad 89 to make to win. The Australians com menced their 12th match on the programme at Nottingham against the Players of Eng land. Tbe wicket was lively, and the home team winning the toss elected to bat. They remained in possession of the wickets throughout the riav, though the scoring was not rapid. liirlow played a splendid innings, and w«s ably supported by Flowers, the former making 80 and the latter 48. When stumps were drawn the score was standing at 244 for 8 wickete. — At the wool sales to-day (June 21) 12,000 bales were offered for competition, and late prices were firmly maintained. — A cargo of Australian wheat has been sold at Hamburg for 35s 6d per quarter of 480 lb. A Welcome Fall of Rain. — We have been favored with the following extract from a letter from Cradock, dated June 20 : — ' We have had a nice rainfall. It began on Wednesday evening and rained con stantly until Thursday at dinner time— a good, soaking rain. It was badlj wanted ; all persons' stock were dying.' 