TREASURE IN HEAVEN. BT SB. TALMAGH. If a man lose his property at thirty or forty years of age, it is only a sharp discipline, generally, by which later he comes to larger success. It is all folly for a man to sit down in mid-life discouraged. The marshals of Napoleon came to their commander and said, " We have lost the battle, and we are being cut to pieces." Napoleon took his watch from liis pocket and said, " It is only two o'clock in the ofternoon. You have lost that battle, but we have time enough to win another. Charge upon the foe! " Though the meridian of life has passed with you, and you have been routed in many a conflict, give not up in discouragement. There are victories yet for you to gain. But sometimes monetary disaster comes to a man when there is something in his age, or something in his health, or something in his surroundings, which make him know well that he will never get up again. In 1857 it was estimated that, for many years previous to that time, annually there hncl been thirty thousand failures in the United States. Many of those persons never recovered from the misfortune. The leaves of worldly prosperity all scattered. The day-book, and the ledger, aud the money-safe, and the package of broken securities cried out, " The summer is ended!" But let me give a word of comfort in passing. The sheriff may sell you out of many things, but there are some things of which he cannot sell you out. He cannot sell out your health. He cannot sell out your family. He cannot sell out your Bible. He cannot sell out your God. He cannot sell out your heaven ! You have got more than you have lost. A man of large wealth died ; two men were talking over his death, and one said to the other, " How much did he leave ? " The other man thoughtfully replied, " Hcery dollar!" So that if the ghost of Stephen Girard, or John Jacob Astor, should come into a retail store on Canal Street, they could not get trusted for ten ccnts, and would not have money enough to ride in a car on Fulton Avenue! The poets always represent ghests as walking. I suppose they cannot afford to ride. Death is an auctioneer which sells us out of all our earthly possessions, and there is nothing left when once he drops his hammer of stone on the coffin lid crying, "Gone! gone!" But, sons and daughters of God, children of an eternal and all-loving Father, mourn not when your properly goes. The world is yours, and life is yours, and death is yours, and immortality is yours, and thrones of imperial grandeur are yours, and rivers of gladness are yours, and shining mansions are yours, aud God is yours. The eternal God has sworn it, and every time you doubt it you charge the King of Heaven and Earth with perjury. Instead of complaining how hard you have it, go home to-night, take up your Bible full of promises, get down on your knees before God, and thank Him for what jou have, instead of spending so much time in complaining about what you Lave not. 