ANNIVERSARY MEETING,. BY EARLY BIRD. To-morrow the Sydney Turf Club will entertain the sporting public at Randwick, when sthe ever popular Anniversary Han dicap will be brought off. Owing to the second forfeit not taking place until Satur= daylast manyhorses have been backed by the public, some down to very short odds, and, consequently many have to mourn their loss without having the ghost of a show. Now that the time has arrived, many will be seeking to get back their already dead money, and, as a; con sequence, will be watching their favohrite scribes' predictions. It is always . my ambition to put my friends on the right one, and when I succeed I am just as well pleased as the gentleman who back. There: are six events on the card, "viz.,-Tho Hurdle Race, Flying 'Handicap, The January Stakes, The Anniversary Handi cap, Selling Plate; and Ladies' Prize. The first race starts at 1 o'clock, For the HWUnLs RACEs, I expect to see about 10 face the starter, and I have very little hesitation in allotting the places (with a start) as follows:- Confidence 1 .. ... .. 1 Drummer ... ,, .,, 2 Hector ....... ... . .. 8 FoR TaH FLYING HANDICAP I like best Peeress S Orator Rosebud. THE JANUART STAKES looks'a moral for that good filly Crossfire, or. while the Brigantine, LADIES PRIZE should be appropriated.by either Peter, Balmoral, or Tramp. TIsE ANNIVERSART HANDICAP. Tempe still holds pride of place, and on her previous running is fairly entitled to it, but I have a fancy that the daughter of Somnus-white andiblue-has een asked to carry just a bit too much in this contestto furnish the absolute winner, although sho must run a good mare. Honeydew, I do not care for. Next comes that undoubtedly true mare Minerva, who has proved her ability jto get any distance, and that in good time, but the remarks with regard to weight which are applied to Tempe, may also be -applied to her. Battailous is ex pected to be about on this occasion, but he will have to perform much better in public than in private to have any chance whatever, therefore I will let him pass. Cerise and Blue is hold in the highest esteem by her party, but I cannot stand her. Gozo I have not seen, and don't want to, as I have no fancy for his show. Lancer had better Stop at .home, while Desmond would be as well there also. Kathleen has been goingto-.do something good fora long time pdyt, and her party have gret faith in her stilll and on that account I will give her some consideration. Burrilda, if ho has improved a little, must be inithe foremost ranks, but he is scArcely good enough to.win. Thakambau" ought to be about; while Pet: Girl will, in' all' probability, go to out the running out for her stable .companion, Boniio Bee, from whom I 'expect a great deal of trouble i and 'should this old sta"er not get home first, there will be very Tittle between the fore most two. Now comes the gentleman for whom I hold the greatest admiration R ecruit, Get. 11b.-or 191b. less than he walked away with from a field of 21 on. Saturday. Many have a great opinion of this horse's speed, but little or no faith in'his staying powers, but I must confess that I hold him in the highest respect, and expect to see him crown himself with :glory to- morrow. I shall never forgoe his run in the Hawksbury," cutting out the mile and a quarter in 2min 9aec.,:and carrying the boy in his mouth, which alone must be sufficient to justify me in my selection. His Worship is not class enough. Keith and Eclipseare out of place, while Bon Accord must run fairly, anud beat more than beats him. Lifeboat has recently arrived, and is in good form, but he is scarcely good enough. Sawdust has no charms for me, while the Jewel, bred well enough to win anything, is perhaps not "wanted." Having exhaustod. the list, I will now place them as follows : Recruit ... ...... ... 1 Kathleen or Bonnie Boo ... 2 Tempeo, close up. The Selling Plate should go to Rebus Ellington, or His Worship. 