Terror of Haunted Locomotives. LOCOMOTIVE engineers are almoBt, if not altogether, as superstitious in regard to haunted locomotives as sailors are in regard to haunted Bhips, Bays the Tribune. About ten years ago the engine Matt Morgan blew up whilestand^ ing on the track of the Shore Line road near the station in rrovidenoe, B. L, lolling the engineer. The engine was subsequently rebuilt and put on the road. On the first trip that she made after being rebuilt she went tearing into Providence in the night with the train swinging behind, and the sleeping town echoing to the shrill whistle. On approaching the station the engineer leaned forward to shut off steam, but to his horror a ghostly form appeared at his side, and a ghostlyhand grasped his wrist and held him fast. When the station was reached the ghost disappeared, and the engineer stopped the train some distance beyond. At least, this is what' the engineer tells. Many people have not forgotten the terrible l Richmond switch disaster, several years ago, on tbe Providence and Stonington road. A Utile brook became swollen by the rain, and carried away a rail-road bridge. The train came rushing along that night, and was hurled in the ohasm. Giles, the engineer, when he saw the danger ahead, instead of leaping from the engine as the fireman did, grasped tbe lever and reversed the engine. But it was too late. The train was going at Biich a speed that tbe locomotive leaped clear aoross the stream, and they found Giles lying under his overturned engine, with the lever driven through bis body and one hand clutching the throttle-valve with thegrasp of death'. Giles, when he came into Providence, was accustomed to give two peculiar whistles las a signal to his wife, who lived hear the railroad where it enters the suburbs of the city, that he was all right, and would Boon be home. The absence of those whistles was the*first intimation whioh was received at Providenoe of the disaster. When the engine whioh made that terrible leap on that Btormy night was rebuilt and put on the road again, there was at first greaf trouble in getting engineers for it, with snoh superetitious horror was it regarded. To-day there are people ready to swear that theyhave heard whistles, such as Giles used to Mow 'M signals to hi3 wife, sound through the suburbs of Providenoe, when no train was coming np the road. • * TETJLT there is something in the nnroffied calm of nature that overawes onr little anzieties and donbts ; the sight of the deepltlue part a quiet to the mind 