"WHO ARE THE PREMIERS?" TO THE EDITOR. 8ir— In reply to Mr. Coombe's long letter of abuse, charging me with fabrication, spite, misleading statement, &c;, I will try to be as brief as possible. As soon as I saw my letter in print I noticed that a mistake had been inadvertently made in quoting his statement re Prince Albert matches, but still that does not do away with the fact that he completely ignored the match I called attention to. The italics in his letter re the Prince Albert matches is incorrect for I find that on Christmas Day the Union's principal player played against the Prince Alberts. He played for the latter against the Gawlers. Therefore I positively state that this fact, and the fact that the P. A'.s played 15 men, makes these matches no fair test at all. Now as to the perform- ances of the clubs. Mr. Coombe gives the average of nine matches of his club, and seven for the Gawlers. Why only seven for the Gawlers? And he completely ignores the two matches with his club, which of course must be considered two of the best matches played during the season. Now if these two matches are added on, and two taken off the Unions, thus making nine matches each, the average per wicket of the Gawlers is raised to 14, and the Unions re- duced to about 16 1/2. The Gawler's best matches are far superior to the Unions. Take the Hindmarsh and North Adelaide ones for instance. "His opinion" that the Australs were the strongest team that played here last season is just about as correct as is most parts of his long ramble. Who ever heard of the Australs being put before the North Adelaides or Hindmarsh? i I am glad that Mr. Coombe admits that the Advertisers were a weak team. The report of the match upholds this completely, as the following extract will show: — 'The bowling was very wishy washy, and the fielding lax at times. The Unions are to be congratulated on the remarkable scoring, although more credit wonld attach if their opponents had been more of their own calibre." Mr. Coombe'e remarks abont the first match are utterly incorrect. I have it from the umpire and our captain that the time to draw stumps was arranged by the captains and umpire. It is an altogether unusual thing for secretaries to arrange time to draw stumps, and it was not done in this case. In reference to my assertion that in one match the unions played with six men not con- nected with either their club or the town, I have again looked up the report, and find that I am quite correct. Now as to the reports of matches, I was pleased to see your editorial note, which puts me right in that I did not mention that the reports re ferred to appeared in the Bunyip. I have gone through most of the reports, and find that in 22 matches something or another unfortunate is mentioned no less than 30 times. I did not assert that the actual words hard and bad luck were mentioned, and I therefore say that Mr. Coombe is guilty of a great mistake in saying that mention is only made six times. It is satisfactory to find that Mr. Coombe has made one—which is about the only— truthful statement, viz., that the Unions do not claim to be premiers, and I congratulate him on having at last arrived at this conclusion, though there is no doubt that had he the ghost of a case he would not have made the admission he has. Only one other remark do I think worth referring to, and that is Mr. Coombe's gratuitous imputation as to my authority to make the statement in y letter. I may say that although Mr. Coombe runs the Union Cricket Club, I do not run the Gawlers, and should not have dreamt of writing you upon my own responsibility. This correspondence may have assumed a somewhat personal aspect, but I should be sorry if the public through it were led to believe any ill-feeling existed between the two clubs, because they have always been on friendly terms, and I hope they will re main so. I am, Sir, &c;, ALFRED TARDIF, For the Gawler Cricket Club. 