In Unmasked Card-Sharper. ibb btorv ob A young man who was detected cheating at A club. They were discussing the latest scandal. A young mail of good oonneotions had been ignominionsly expelled from a club. , Playing \- in collnsion with a nrofesBional gambler, he had cheated at cards, and in a few months had won a considerable snm. . " And has he killed himself ? " asked some one. "Bah!" replied another. Do men kill themselves for so little nowadays?. It was dif- rent in the good old times." " In the good old times, as yon call them," said old General Boy; "those who adopted the oard-sharper's profession killed themselves no more than do those of the present time. A few exceptions there may have been among those.who were detected at the ontset. But if the first attempt succeeded, they did as they do to-day, they quickly acouBtom themselves to their degradation. Ah, it is so easy! When respect for his own good .name will not restrain a man at the first step, it is entirely dead within him, and even a scandal will not revive it. By the way, I can tell yon of a curious caBe in point, where the hero blew out his brains, but it was not snioido. No, strange as it may sonnd, it was not a snioidfe. Listen : " ' It was some fifty years ago. The press of that time was not the terrible gossip that it is to-day, and sensatianal news never passed certain bounds. There were not fewer scan- dale, but the scandals were less known, In fact, I think there was rather more. Not that we were more virtuoas, bat the fear of pub licity is certainly a great cheek. Among the elegant yonng fellows, the gilded yonth of thoBe days, who famished the greater part of the scandalous gossip by their eccentricities and duels, was a yonng gentle man attached to the king's household. I Bhall oall him the vioomte Roland. The nam8 was an illustrious one ; in fact, the vioomte was the frnit of one of those mixed marriages introduced by Napoleon I. Gene ral Comte Roland, whoBs heavy cavalry charges are matters of history, had married the daughter of the Marquis de Bransac, a member of one of the wealthiest and most powerful families of France. His son Wa3 then about twenty-six years of age. He had not the robust, plebeian beauty of his father, who had been one of the handsomest men in the army. He was rather the delicate and distinguished grace of his mother, whose idol he was. Having loved her husband pas- onately, the counteaa was now wrapped up in her son. " The extravagant life led by the son had caused a quarrel between the parents. The counteBs lived in the Bransac Hotel, one of the finest in the Fanbonrg Saint Germain, while the general, secluding himself in a little ohateau in the forest of Senart, passed his time in the pleasures of the ohase. They say he had ill-treated his wife, bnt it was utterly untrue. The' fact is that there had been between the general and his wife two terrible scenes. " The first wbs caused by an idea whioh took possession of the conntess. She found . this' name ' Roland ' too plebeian for her son, and tormented her husband to obtain the king's' authority to add to it that -of De Bransnc. The general energetically refused. " ' My name has sufficed for ms,' said he, ' for me who have made it famous, it will do for this fine gentlemen, my sou. _ If he does not find it brilliant enough, let him try to add to its lustre.' " The second scene was brought about by the vicomte abducting a ballet dancer, and by a duel and a debt which were the consequences of this little affair. The general brought the son before his mother and roughly reproved him for his folly. Instead of supporting her husband, the conntosB made excuses for her son. Women always are indulgent toward the man in a love scrape. , "-As the general told his son that his for tune was not sufficient to maintain Bach scandalous absurdities, the oountess un happily interjeoted : " Oh, the fortune of the De BranHacs will amply snflice for him. \- " She had not calculated the effect of her speech. An hour later the general left the hotel and went to his chateau ; at the end of a week the family notary informed the oonntess that her entire personal fortune was at her disposal; The separation was complete, and the general lived alone on the fifteen thousand francs whioh constitnted the revenue he received from hiB own fortune. " The son made dncks and drakes of her fortune. At the end of six months tbe conn tess waB half mined, and the energy of the notary alone saved her from her son's extra vagances. "All at once it became known that the vicomte Roland no longer belonged to the king's household, and that he had banded in hiB resignation a3 lieutenant in a oavalry re giment. That is what was given oat, bat ramoars of a different oharacter were afloat. The countess no longer appeared in jiublio, but confined herself to her hotel. In a few weeks she seemed ten years older. " The vioomte, after a voyage of some weeks In Italy, returned to Paris, took apart ments in the Rue de la Chaussea d'Antin, and lived the life of an idler on the pension of a thousand francs a month allowed him by his mother. It wonld be little to-day ; bat at that time it enabled a man to make a figure in the fashionable world. He passed his time between love adventures, the theatres, and the green table. Then little by little his elegance and his eccentricities began to be talked abont. Clubs were not as plentiful as they are now, but the gilded youth and the gamesters had a few of them where lovers 0! the green cloth conld amuse themselves. "One evening when the Vioomte Roland, after having won a considerable sum from one of his friends, offered him his revenge, nis opponent rose, and pushing away the cards, looked at him in a singular manner. " ' Well, no, Roland,' said he ; ' what with your luck with women and your luck with cards, you have too much luck for one man.' "Roland, though somewhat cholerio, de manded no explanation, and contented him self with laughing. " Some days after, the Prefect of Police announced himself to the general at " his oh'atean. What passed between them I do not know. All that is known of the affair is that they returned together to Paris. " At eleven o'olook of the evening following thai interview, the vicomte was seated at a table playing Gcarte. He had just won ten successives games from an Englishman, who, passing through Paris on his way home, had< been introduced at the club by one of the members. Roland had a considerable snm before him. The loser had just risen, and before leaving' the table had bowed thrice, when an elderly gentleman approached the table. / "Will the Vicomte 'Roland permit me to take the gentleman's revenge ?' " The young man paled. It was his father. " ' As you are a bold player, I offer you a bold game. It will be useless fcr you to say that it is too'high. Read.' And the general handed him a note folded twice. , " The vicomte glanced over it, and shud dered visibly. "'Do you accept?' "He bowed. The general seated himself opposite his son, cut a king, and dealt the cards. He won the first hand. - When it was the vioomte's deal he trembled slightly, and a strange light shone in his eyes ; nevertheless, he played on. The general won again. " The vioomte rose, pale as a ghost, and in a smothered voice said : "'In an hour, sir, I shall have acquitted myself." " He left the room without another word. " On the following morning the guardians of the Bois de Boulogne brought in the body of tbe Vicomte Roland. His head was blown to pieces, bis hand still grasping the pistol. In a portfolio was fonnd an nnsigned scrap of paper, on which were the words : The loser will hloio out his brains. " The pretended Englishman was an accom plished card-sharper, sent by the Prefect of Police. The three bows had been the Bign agreed npon him and the general to indicate that fBmte had cheated. " The gameto for life and death' between fathcJpo. Both were dis honored- — the bHhs own act, the father by the son's. Tout this dishonour was a secret,- which threatened to become an open shame. Death conld stifle it — the son's death or the father's, for the stern old soldier would himself have disgraced his son had that son not kept their pact. The price of the general's secrecy was his son's life." — Translated from the French of Edouard Siebccker. 