EDUCATION LIMITED FOR A PURPOSE. It is not sufficiently known that Rome's object in education is hot to enlighten, it is to darken and deprave mankind. The words of Nahash the Ammonite to the men of Jabesh-Gilead are her words to all the world : — ' On this condition will I make a covenant with you, that I may thrusFout all your right eyes.' According to the most authoritative Romish teaching the very perfection of Christianity con sists in a readiness to believe that black is white. Here is the proof : — ' That we may in all things attain the truth, that we may not err in anything, we ought ever to hold it a fixed principle that what I see white I believe to be black . if the Hierarchial - Church define it so to be.' Spiritual exercises of 86 Ignatius Loyola ) It is on this principle that the sentence pronounced in 1664 against Galileo — ' a sentence immortalised by the execration of science in every country where the mind is free ' — was renewed and republish ed in 1819. It is on this principle that mathematicians like Le Seur and Jacquier, in their declaration prefixed to Newton's Principia, have found themselves able only by the subterfuge of a solemn falsehood to avoid the fate of the unhappy Florentine astronomer. 'Newton,' say they, 'assumes in his third book the hypothesis of the earth's motion The propositions of that author could not be explained except through the same hypothesis. "We have, therefore, been forced to act a character not our own. But we declare our submission to the decrees of the Roman pontiff" Against the motion af the earth? This declaration was made in 1742. It is on this principle, that while Dr. W iseman was thus educating the English, the Bishops of Perpignan and Luxembourg, with the Univers, were declaring that ' Religion has a large share in the inculca tion of the sciences, of which it is the foundation ; and the episcopacy alone is a competent judge in this matter , Bince it alone has been established guardian of the faith;' The Bishop of Carcassone, in a mandate closely following the Papal Cir cular of Pope Gregory XVI had already said : If it (the- Romish Church) so requires, let us sacrifice to it our opinions, our knowledge, our intelligence, the splendid dreams of our imagination, and the most sublime attainments -of the human under standing! .'Far from us be all that beaTS the stamp of novelty? (August, 1832. : 1 'In a word, Rome's tyranny over truth includes a1' perpetual proscription of all the great masters of the human mind. The Index ' Librorum Prohibitorum is not obsolete! The reading of Paradise Lost was not only, interdicted nearly a uundred and fifty years ago, but the prohibition was: renewed in 1819.. The very first book in this great catalogue of works devoted to the tender mercies of the In quisition1 is- Bacon, Be Augmentis Scien- tiarum; Locke On the Human Under standing, and Cud worth's. Intellectual System, follow in the train.'-' Rome is not content with having proscribed Coper nicus ; she has proscribed Descartes also. She is not content with having proscribed Reason and Science ; she has disallowed true Religion and Virtue. She has depraved Conscience.: She has trodden under foot the Truth. Here is the evi dence. And it is no less a ' Prince of the Church ' than the great Bellarmine who supplies it ' If the Pope should so far err as to command Vices and to pro hibit Virtues, the Church would be bound to believe rs# Vices are good and? Virtues are evil, unless she should sin against her conscience.' (Be Pontif, .14, c, 5. . But this last alternative is a mere .flourish.; for she has no ' conscience.' The Pope has taken care of that. He alone is ' the supreme judge and director of conscience.' At least he . said he is, and Dr. Manning says so too. And this debased teaching is maintained in England in, large grants of public money, constant ly increasing. In the ' New Standard Reading Books for Catholic Schools,' professedly ' adapted to the Revised Code of 1871,' the papal dogmas are sedulously inculated and intermingled with the topics of "secular instruction, in defiance of the condition! on which the grants of I P UUUV iUUUCJf ncio iUUUOl ALIO UlUgUlbUUU 'of the mischief resulting from this flagrant evasion of the statue, is greately aggravated -by the fact that — on account of the alleged ' undenominational ' charac ter of the schools — large numbers of children are perverted to Popery before their' parents are aware of the true char acter of the teaching to which they have been subjected. 'Numbers of Protestant children attend Roman Catholic Schools,' says Her Majesty's Inspector ; and he adds that ' tbe mixture is much larger than has been represented.' No matter : faith is not to be kept with heretics. Not with heretic parents who are kept in ignorance of the facts ; not with a heretic Government which finds it convenient to wink at the violation of she compact under which the public money iB paid. The Roman hierarchy defrauds the State and then defies it. In the very first ' reading leBson ' for the higher claasea in thoae schools, Popery, at the public cost, thus incalculated her sole' and inclusive domination over reason and religion : — ' The Catholic Church claims for herself the office of educating her children. She does so as alone possessing the infallible rule alike of faith and of morals. Hence she alone can guide aright both our in tellects and our wills.' The attempt to do this in New South "Wales was fought for with every possible effort. The result of her guidance — in Italy in Ireland we have seen. The method is not so well known. Here are a few sentences from a cathechism in high re pute aud of great authority : Q. Of what use is the Bign of the holy cross. : ' A. To destroy all sorts of sorcery, and to drive . away the devil, ghosts, and all temptations. Q. Is it allowable to take one's wages, . orr anything else due to - , us, in a secret .'(''clandestine manner? ;r:>A. -He who will act safely in this must ask his priest. / Q. Is it a sin not to pay tithes ? :> s A. Yes it is a great sin. i . Q; How does the Church punish the non-payment of tithes ? . ' . A. She commands that such as do not pay shall be excommunicated, and not ( : restored until they have repaid all. . Q. What if they were wicked priests who should get the tithes. A. Honour is still due to them, for f.lifixr rfimai'n vinn.r«a nf Q. Where is hell ? A. Hell is in the middle of the earth. Q. Is hell very large? A. Not very; for the damned lay packed in it one upon another, like bricks in a brick-oven. Perhaps the day may not be distant when English electors may be ashamed to reflect that this pestiferous Pope teaching, which was suppressed by the Swiss i, Cantons, has not been suppressed by the British Parliament; and when English representatives may think it high time to imitate the action of the Federal Council by rescuing English children from the consequences of a Papal crusade which, : under the name of Education, is main tained by men who, without genuine knowledge, without efficient education, without a fatherland of their own, and v full of hatred against true liberty and en- ; liglitment, are only endeavouring to 7; suppress human intellect and promote ignorance and superstition. And yet it : is to the English system our churchmen in N.S.W. both papal and anglican, are .pointing as superior to that national and non-sectarian one which we happily prefer in this colony. 