CAMDEN HARBOUR. (BY BUCOLIC.) Following close upon the settlement of Roebuck Bay came that of Camden Harbour, which had been explored many years before by Sir George Grey, who wrote in raptures of its capabilities as a pastoral country ' while Dr. Martin, who visited the district in 1862, also described it as the finest country in Australia. Acting upon those reports, a Mr. William Harvey of Melbourne, who possessed an imaginative brain, conceived the idea of floating a company to colonise the distant land. Accordingly, pamphlets were issued in the most tempting form showing the advantages to be, gained on joining the Camden Harb air Pastoral Associa- tion capital £20,000, in two hundred shares of £100; and showing how each holder of five shares should be entitled to a run of 100,000 acres, 200 sheep, and twelve months provisions. The bait was too tempting to be resisted, and in a short time the shares were taken up and a board of directors appointed ; three vessels were chartered to take stock and shareholders to the promised land. The company comprised a strange mixture painters, plumbers, slaters, saddlers, and, I may say that all trades furthest removed from stock raising were well represented. They had a doctor and clergyman to attend to the bodily and spiritual wants of the settlers, but not a shoemaker, blacksmith, or carpenter's the c already. The board of management consisted of the parson, a saddler, a slater, a miner, and only one man who had any knowledge of stock, and who, in consequence, hold a very unenviable position; and this gentleman, Mr. T. C. Murray, now of Colac, Victoria, gained the good- will of the whole community by his exertions for the general welfare. On the 16th November, 1884, the barque Stag sailed from Hobson's Bay with the first contingent, and, after a good passage, reached Camden Harbour on the 13th December. The bay itself is a fine sheet of water, the entrance to which is a-serpentine passage about half a mile j wide, between high cliffs, with nine fathoms water in the channel. The anchor was dropped before sunset and shortly afterwards natives were seen dancing around their fires on Augustus Island. Early next morning the captain of the barque with several passengers made for the shore to seek a landing place for stock and to find some of the native streams of water which they were led to believe emptied themselves into the bay, but after a fruitless walk of several hours duration in a tropical sun the searchers were obliged to return to the boats in an almost famished condition. The matter now bore a serious aspect for there were only three tanks of water on board and as the hills around the harbour had recently been swept by a bush fire there was no grass to be seen, in this strait a party consisting of E. T. Hooley, A. McRae, C Perdue and T. Ell- wood volunteered to make a pedestrian tour inland and search for water, and as time was of the greatest importance the little band at once started, taking some ship's biscuit and a gallon of water in a billy-canvas water bags had not then been invented. After walking all night the Glenelg river was sighted at daybreak, but the high hopes with which the thirsty travellers hastened to its shores were dashed to the ground by the discovery that the water was salt, being within the influence of the tides, which here have a rise of thirty five feet. After several hours unsuccessful seat ch for water the little band, weary and footsore, began their return journey to the ship, and, after travelling five miles, Mr Ellwood cried out that he could go no further, and advised his companions to leave him to his fate. This of course was out of the question, so the party remained under the shade of some small trees until sunset, suffering such pangs of thirst as can only btSexpeneneed in a tropical climate in December, poor Ellwood occasionally crying out in his agony : "I wish I had fair George Grey here or Dr. Martin, would'nt I wring their necks, etc." With some difficulty the poor fellow was induced to make another start, and after walking a quarter of a mile a nice pool of delicious water was discovered surrounded by di ooping palms. After drinking freely the water was pronounced the finest in the world. The return journey to the harbour was then accomplished without further mishap. Here they learned that Mr. T. C. Murray had discovered a good spring only half a mile from the beach, to which the stock was taken. The Helvetia, another of the company's stock ships, arrived on the 21st, and the reliance on the 25th Dec. Very few sheep had been lost on the voyage, but the latter vessel entered the port with her ensign at half-mast, and it appeared that one of the shareholders had died that morning in sight of land. As the sheep were landed they were taken to Murray's spring and from thence to a creek five miles back where water and some old feed had been discovered, but not before several hundred sheep had died of poison on the burnt ground. This poison plant was never discovered and is unknown to the present day. After a few weeks, heavy rains set in and in a short time the whole country, which consists of trap rock, was thickly covered with green grass, but of a hard wiry nature and destitute of nutriment. Very few natives were seen but on one occasion three of the blacks attached four white men and the former had the best of the encounter. In March 1865 the barque Tien Ester arrived, bringing Mr. R. J. Sholl as Resident Magistrate with a large staff of surveyors, police, pensioners, etc. By this time most of the company had come to the conclusion that the country was unsuitable, for sheep and had resolved to leave by the first opportunity They accordingly chartered the spare deck room of the Tien Tsin for the sum of £350, finding their own provisions, and by that chance fifty three out of the original party of eighty four took their departure sadder and wiser men. Of the remaining shareholders several had died suddenly from sunstroke and other causes, whilst a few remained to explore the country further inland, and amongst the latter that first class bushman Mr. A. McRae, who subsequently with the late Mr. T. C. Sholl made an interesting trip to the vicinity of Collier Bay, during which trip better country was passed over. After some months the settlement was abandoned, the country having been found to be quite unfit for sheep. There is not a particle of herbage and no top feed of any kind, consent ally sheep kept on this coarse grass will, pine away and die After being about five anomalies in the district Mr. Sholl had a serious encounter with the blacks, who had for some weeks kept his camp in suspense owing to dar- ing thefts carried out night after night under the nose of the sentry. Boats were frequently stolen from their ear-rings, and on one occasion the gang was anchored to an anvil and considered to be quite safe, but, to the surprise of the sentry, when day broke he found that boat and anvil had disappeared. A few days afterwards Mr. Sholl with his son Trevor, P. C. Gee, and two other white men started in the long boat in search of the missing gigs and whilst sailing down George- Waters between Augustus Island and the main; natives were described on the latter making friendly signs. Mr. Sholl bore up in response to the signals, but no sooner had the boat neared the shore than they were saluted with a shower of spears, one of which struck poor Gee in the shoulder, giving him a dangerous wound. This daring attack took the boat party quite by surprise, and although a few pistol shots were fired in reply, they were ineffective, In the meantime the boat was backed off and after sailing round a point it was decided to anchor and attend to the wounded man who was in great pain. But here again disaster awaited them for no sooner did the anchor take hold than the current, which runs through this passage like a sluice, took the boat bows Under and in ten seconds she went to the bottom, leaving the helpless crew to battle with the fierce current, Mr. Sholl and his son Clniig to a water beaker, one of the crew, Coffee, a good swimmer keeping with them, whilst the wounded policeman held on to an ear and managed to land on a small island. The other poor fellow went down with the boat and was never seen after. In the meantime Mr. Sholl and his son were carried out seawards nothing but a small water beaker between them and eternity. Their case indeed seemed hopeless for, should they escape the sharks with which these waters abound they must eventually lose their fragile support from sheer fatigue, or should they succeed in working their way out of the current to the main land they would meet death at the hands of the natives. Mr. Sholl now directed Coffee to leave them and try and reach the island on which Gee had landed, which he succeeded in doing. As Coffee was leaving his companions Mr. Sholl directed his son who was a strong swimmer, to accompany him and save himself but the reply of the noble young man was " No father I will remain and share your fate whatever that may he and if we must die we will die together' After floating at the mercy of the waves for four hours they were brought shorewards again by the turn of the tide and at last reached the main land in an exhausted state, about twelve miles from the camp, for which after a short rest, they started. The whole night was spent in travelling, and at 9 o'clock next morning they staggered into camp, weary, footsore and famished, looking more like ghosts than live mon, Mr. Sholl carrying a crooked stick in his bolt in imitation of a revolver as some slight show of protection should they fall in with natives. Great was the joy of those in camp to see their chief return ; all had given him up for lost owing to the report of Coffee who managed to reach came the proceeding evening having left the wounded constable on the Island, where I may say that the poor fellow died before he could be got off. These two sad deaths threw quite a gloom over the camp which was not easily shaken off. After spending about eight months in the district the settlement was abandoned and Mr. Sholl and party removed further south to the Nicol Bay settlement, where, for many years, he did good service and commanded the respect of all classes in that prosperous settlement. I should mention that the ship Calliance got on a reef before entering the harbour and sprung a leak, which led to her being put on the beach after discharging cargo. During the process of beaching a hawser parted and allowed the ship to drift on to some rocks, where she knocked a large hole in her timbers and became a total wreck. Although unfitted for sheep, I have no doubt that some day the district will prove rich in minerals. Very good specimens of copper were found just above high water mark, and I should not be at all surprised to hear that gold has been discovered in that vicinity. 