A French Historical GhOBt Story. Ohcb npon a time—that in, towards the close of the last century—the forest of Benart did not possess a better reputation than the forest of Bandy has enjoyed in our days. One fine sight in the summer of 1799 the diligenoe from Paris to Melon had just entered the allee which traverses the entire length of the forest—cen tennial oaks whose thiol: branches shroud the road in. darkness. The rotunda and oonpe of the old-fashioned vehicle were full; in side were two travellers, and on the imperial# a provincial tenor made the woods echo to his song. In such a situation no one seemed to run the least risk, and the diligenoe proceeded gently at a walking pace. On arriving near Oor beil the driver shook up his horses and made the stones of the sleepy town rattle. At the relay office the guard got down and invited the not unwilling passengers to partake of refresh ments. . The latter, nothing loth to aooede to the proposal, descended from their peroh, looked at one another, yawned, and oounted their nnm bers. "Hnllo!" cried the conductor, "what has beoome of my two inside passengers?" "Don't torment yourself, governor," said the tenor, " they will turn up your travellers, and the wolf will not have devoured them." "Parbleu!" rejoined a notary on his way to Melon; "why just before entering the forest I leaned over to offer them a pinch of snuff at the window." The conductor searched in vain. No trace of the travellers was to he found. The diligenoe had to start again without piok ing up the missing pair. A few days after this surprising incident the police went to inform M. Mehul, Profeesor at the Conservatoire, of the disappearance of his old friend, Monsieur X.: Nothing had been seen of him since the evening on which he bad stepped into the diligenoe for Melun in the Oour des Messa* genes. The news caused profound grief to the celebrated musician. All the researches he. made to discover his friend remained fruitless. Bo strange an oocurrenoe could not but greatly disturb the composer, who spoke and thought of-it incessantly—so much so, that he lort ap petite and sleep. One night, when tossing in bed, the clock of St Boch haying just struck 2, the moon, shining through the half, opened shutters, threw its [rays,on the figure of a queer little hunchback holding in his orooked hands a roll of cord. Mehul rubbed lus eyes and raised himself on his pillow, endeavouring to convince himself that he was not the victim of nightmare. The hunchback was still there close to the bed, and the terrified musician was about to inquire the reason oi this singular apparition; when suddenly his_ tongue clove to the roof' of bis month, his hair stood on*cnd, and a shudder passed through his frame. Be hind the little figure with the orooked hands he described the white shadowy outline of his missing -friend, whose feint glance seemed directed towards him. The nezt instant a passing oloud hid the moon from sight, and tho vision vanished. On waking in the morning, when trying to oollect his thoughts, the sus picion that it must have been a dream forced itself upon his mind. And yet how, vividly he_ recalled the whole • scene. "I could Save sworn," he said,' "that I'eaw my poor friend looking, at ma sadly,.and : oi But what coiiid tHe little hunohba there?" Gradually, however,' the remem \- trance of the phantom, which he did not dare relate tohis wife, disappeared from Mahul's mind, and if. he sometimes thought of his lost friend, he forgot to associate him with the vision. Five years elapsed. . Imperial Gscsar had amended the throne, of tho King of France, and all the world was abroad at the rejoioings that marked the olose of one of the troubled stages of the, national annals. ' Mehul and his wife,, followed by their ehildrsn, stood ad miring, like good oitizens, the illuminations in the .Ohamps Elysces.. All of a sudden he felt someone tugging at the skirts of his coat. Turning sharply round, the oompoeer seized the hand of the piokpooket, .whose-orooked fingers and misshapen form recalled a familiar appearanoe. , Where had he seen them before? While holding the man in his-grasp, the recol lection of the phantom flashed across his mind. But in presence of the Commiasaire de Polios, MShul shrank from giving vent to his sus picions. How was it possible to accuse a man of murder, on the evidenoe of a dream ? Never theless, it was only with an effort that the inusioian refrained from telling his strange story. All night, while lying in his bed, with half-open shutters, the moon shone forth sb five years before, and the clock of St Booh gave forth the hour of 2. Just at tliat instant a white. shadow- emerged from the luminous, rays at the window, and a sepulchral voice murmured, "Avenge me, my friend, avenge me." This time the composer of " L'lrats" no longer hesitated. "Yes, dear .friend, I will avenge thee." Forthwith he repaired to the . police station of the Ohamps Elysees and related what he had seen. If it had been anyone less important than the maitrs dt chepelk of the Emperor the Oommis saire would have dismissed the bearer of so strange a message as a lunatic; hut the official listened gravely to his story. A keen, examin ing magistrate was employed to ferret out the secret of the hunchback'. It transpired that during the Beign-of Terror the man belonged to an association known as the Tape-dur (strike hard). After the collapse of the committee of Public Safety portions of this hand betook themselves to. the highway for a living, which our friend the hunohback preferred to following his trade of a tailor. Through the indiscretion of a servant he had heard that Ifehul's friend was going to Melon to pay into the hands of a notary the price of a country house he had bought, in which he hoped to spend the re mainder of his days. Taking advantage of hia lonely situation, the bandit strangled the other oooupant of the diligence, ana disap peared with hia body, which he buried in the forest. A less sentimental jure than is to be met with nowadays oondemned the murderer to the scaffold Such was the story related the other day in a Parisian boudoir by the grand son of a Marshal of Franca, who had it from Mehul himself. The imprimatur of ''Mare Summer " is given to this legend. cury correspondent. 