goraUtSeuttatfTU 0» Wednesday last an old man n Fuller fell off his eon's waggon in Maryboi and was carried insensible into a h Meiicai aid was not called ; he was :thou to be asleep, and was allowed to lie on a s till next morning. He was then found to dead. Captain Sunnehs and two men from th dredge in the Mary River went on Wednes day evening to gather oysters near Stewart's flats. WbUe they were busy with the bi valves tbe dingy floated o£ A man named Prince went to recover it, bat suddenly disap peared. It is thought he was taken by * shark. The St. Lawrence waiiTnan brought a small parcel of gold, weighing 34 pennyweights, into town on Monday. It was obtained from a prospecting claim on this side of rrinchester. The gold is coarse, the largest pellet weigh ing about 10 dwts, the others varying from the size of peas, downwards. The mailman thinks there is a good deal more where it came from, bat the men are keeping the place dark. The privileges in connection with the annual race meeting of the Rockhampton Jock jy Club were offered for sale by public auction on Saturday at the Alliance J*ale Yards. The total amount realised was £236. The fruit stalls were not sold. The result of the sale was as follows -.—Gates, £162— Mr. Hogan, purchaser; No. 1 booth (under the Grand Stand), £25— Mr. H. W. Johnson; No. 2, £2S-Mr. W. R. Holt j No. 3, £21 - Mr. Barrett. The Secretary P™ iem~ OI *ne Permanent Building Society No. 2 states that 780 shares have been subscribed for up tdl the present. ' The Provisional Committee have been care fully considering the rules, and theilraft will be laid before a meeting to be held early next month. They deem it desirable the business ehoald commence in July in order that the annual balance may be made np till the 30th ? of June. In this connection we may mention that the nert meeting of No. 8 Terminable Building Society will be the last, the society having now worked itself out. The Secretary says there has not been a loss in one single instances or a foreclosure since the institution was established, and this ia very creditable. A man who gave his name as James Henry Beerhaven, was brought up at the Police Court on Mondty, before Messrs. A. Meikle and A. Brown, JJ.P.t onaaspicionpf being one Francis Thomu Sullivan, who Absconded on the 8th of March, 1878, with money from tbe office of the -ub-Inspector of Police. Inspector Stuart asked fora remand for the purpose of identifying the wnm^i tiis principal wttBsss Kojngf out of town. Is will lie ^ememherod that eight jears ago Mr. CoDppy'was 8ub Inspectori. Sullivan was a constable and acted as his clerk, and had- charge of the monies. Se absconded with a con siderable sum, And all efiqrte to tcace llim were unsuccessful. Inspector Stuart received information a few daya ago that & man answering the description of Sullivan had been seen near- Hocbhampton. xle was shortly after arrested, and *ras brought to tbe lock-np on Sands/ Bigot. Several of the police believe him to be the man wanted, but are not quite certain about nil identity. The man who_g»Te the information says he is positive the prisoner is Sullivan. Another drcumBtaoce which makes tbe polioe fancy he is the right man is that be has been work ing his way from place to place by play ing the violin. Sullivan wai a very good violin player. Bis own statement is that he has lately come from Tiidi^ and has only been in the colony for a few months. He will be brought up again next Monday, when the police hope to be able to determine whether he is the man wanted or not. Seeing how universal the enstorn has be come to announce times of Christian worship by bell-ringing, the invention patented by Mr. Jensen for an electric bell system may perhaps be regarded as one which will pro dnced Bome novel revolutions. By the system for which he claims merit, it is pro posed to introduce electric bells for use in church towers, alarm turrets, and similar situations. The gong is of the ordinary church-bell pattern, and the coil, armature and hammer are all contained inside it, pro v.ding an efficient protection from dust. It is claimed that the invention will very much lighten tbe work of ' the old established bell ringer,' all that will be necessary for him to do being to press a key at regular intervals, or a small motor could be driven by the battery which would automatically complete the bell-circuit at the requisite rate. With bells of this type, too, one bellrioger could ring a whole peal by alternately pressing the proper keys. Whether this method wUl be come of universal use remains to be seen, and although there is much to be said in its favour, one may expect the ghosts of all the Scrooges to rise up in indignant protest at this violation of their rights. It is not unfair to think the whole generation of clergy will declare themselves in its favour Fancy tu freedom it would give them, 'and the luxurious ease witb which they could, on a cold frosty morning, lie snag'ly ensconced between the blanket, energetically jobbing a small key, listening to the r.suS of their exertions, until it became neces sary to be 'up and doing' in a sphere where the wort cmjd not be performed by an electrical machine. On th* other hand, one shudders at the thought of weddiue lieals being rung Ly , p.hjr min fr.n;il. J,,. ,,.,. The Hon. Sir Thomas M*Hwraith, K.C.M.G., LL.D., member for the Mulgrave, has resigned his seat in the Legislative j Assembly, in order that he may give his own affairs his undivided attention. It is stated the police intend to prosecute the woman Bridget Gorman, who had charge of the infant Thomas O'Dea at the time of its death, and was examined at the inquiry held into the circumstances attending its demise. The Chinaman Willie Ah Sam, who was sentenced to eighteen months' imprisonment with hard labour in Brisbane Gaol for theft, at the sittings of the Central District Court on Monday, was forwarded to Brisbane on Tuesday by the Balmain, s.8. An inquiry, ordered by the Colonial Secre tary, was commenced at Brisbane on Saturday before the Police Magistrate, into the recent occurrence on board the Young Diok, schooner, off Malayta, one of the Solo, mon Islands. The 13 recruits on board were summoned as witnesses. The class firing of the Naval Artillery Corps was continued on Saturday afternoon. The members of A Company did not fire owing to only a small number attending at the Drill Shed. The Naval Brigade mustered strongly, and were exercised for an hour by Gunner-instructor Quick. Ik addition to the appointments already notified, the following appear in Saturday's Qaztttc :— George Arbuthnot Von Someren, to be medical officer at Winton; James Sydney Hunt, M.R.C.S., Eng., to be medical officer for police district of Hdghenden ; Edwin George Morgan, to be acting-registrar of births, marriages, and deaths at Ipswich during the absence on leave of the district registrar. Tenders axe invited for toe erec tion of police barracks at Marl borough. Toe Pharmacy Board of Queensland have made the following regulation :— The Phar maceutical Society of New South Wales, and the Pharmacy Boards of the Colonies of New Zealand and Victoria, will respectively be provisionally recognised by the Pharmacy Board of Queensland ae Boards of Pharmacy under the Act until the 1st day of May, 1S87. so that persons holding certificates from those authorities may be provisionally registered in Queensland; bat such registration will cot have effect after that date unless other regu lations are made in the meantime. Thz usual monthly meeting of the trustees of the Eocfchampton Grammar school waa held «i Thursday afternoon. There were present, Messrs. IL E. Jones (Chairman) W. Henchman, W. Callaghao, W, Allen, James' Stewart, F. Hall, S. G. Hill : and K. G. Brown, hon. sec. The minutes of the previous meeting were read and con firmed. The following correspondence was read, from Mr. Wheatcroft, reporting the con dition~Df the i school, ' and stating he had Bent homeToT ?1|wtogH»l«aiectidnlfor the school: To the Department- far Public Instruction applying for quarterly endowment. Several accounts and salaries for the qnarter were ordered to be paid. We notice from' tie report of the pro ceedings'bra deputattcm'wfaich waited on the Premier the other day at TownsviHv, that Mr. Ackers asked the Premier if he would consent. *° receive a deputation from the Bockhampton Pastoral and Graaers* Society on1 his way from Townsville to Brisbane. Mr. Griffith replied that he was so pressed for friTTH* that he was compelled to proceed Jjrpftt from this' port to Brisbane, and he therefore could not receive such a deputation. This reminds us that on Saturday week two pro minent members of the Liberal party in Roclt hampton wrote lengthy letters to the Premier on political matters, and *mlr«^ him if he would call in at Port Alma on his way to Brisbane, so that they might, with other supporters of the Ministry, wait on him. Thinking their request would be com plied with, they chartered a steamer to make the voyage to the Port, and organised a i»rty of twenty-five to meet Mr. Griffith. On Friday morning they noticed from the telegrams in the papers that the Ministers had left Bowen for, it was supposed, Brisbane direct, and telegraphed to Mackay. By this time thev came to the conclusion that that they would not be able to do honour to their chief. They will see from the extract we quote that Mr. Griffith was aware, before fie (eft Towns v ill t, that Rockhttmptonites wished to interview htm, but did not give them the opportunity. The North Qiwmdand Telegraph, the Towmville Separation journal, has got into trouble in a simple manner. Its reporter, in taking notes at the Police Court, wrote down the name of Thomas Ridgely when an indi «, charge of druukeunesa. lie noticed that the cry elicited no response, but forgot to alter the name to Joseph Ridgety when that party appeared. In its next issue the Tele graph told its readers that Thomas Ridgely had been cautioned and discharged for imbibing too freely. There is in Townsrille a medical gentleman mimed Tbotnas Ridgely, who is alto Health Officer, and came in for a good deal of condemnation at the hands of the local Press for boarding the Dorunda when she was reported to have cholera aboard, and coming ashore again and mingling with the people. He called on the editor, and that gentleman wrote for nexL day 'u paper tu« following correction : — ' In a re port of a police action held at the local court the other day an inaccuracy occurred by sub stituting the name of Thomas Ridgley for Joseph Ridtfery.' Unfortunately, the word 'civil' was substituted for 'police,' and, annoyed at this, the doctor wrote stating the pretended correction was as inaccurate as the report, and he would have to take le^al opinion on the qu- stiou of the ? paper's liability. The editor expresses his sorrow for the second mistake, and eays he is willing to leave it to a jury to say whether he was1 guilty of mtrntaBnai migepreBmtKtaon. In the Supreme Court last week, letters of administration were granted in the estate of Thomas Lucas, labourer, of Bockhampton, jersanalty £300, to Eliza Lucas of Rockhamp too, widow. The tender of the A. S. N. Company for the supply of 3000 tonB of coal for the Central Railway has been accepted. The successful tenderers undertake to supply the required quantity of Queensland coal at 20s. Sd. per ton. The seventy-eighth monthly meeting of the Terminable Building Society No. 8 was held in the offices of the Secretary (Mr. R. L. Dibdin) on Wednesday. The presiding directors were Messrs. J. Stewart and J. Wakefield. The amount received as interest and subscriptions was £144 Is. Sd. No advance shares were sold. At the solicitation of the Winton Progress Association, the Rockh&mpton; Chamber of Commerce wrote to the Minister for Works n.gtrjng that night trains might be run along the Central Railway to carry the mails for the Booth. The reply of the Commissioner for Railways is as follows :— ' I am desired to acknowledge receipt of your letter of the 22nd ultimo, relative to the running of night trains on the Central Railway, and in reply beg to inform you that the matter will receive consideration.' The following proclamations were pub lished in last Saturday's Government Gazette in addition to those which appeared in our tele graphic ftplnTnn*? : — George Gross and W. 0. ffr-flpVjnBnn| junf, tnhp.1:frnfr*nimtijjntfiftvn1nTi teer branch of the Defence Force ; J. W. Wassail to be an inspector under the Diseased Animals Act The resignation of J. Wfllmett of bis position as a magistrate of the territory has been accepted, and also that of J. A. Graham of his commission as a lieutenant. It is notified that the forfeited ran of Heath land in the Rockhampton District and land in the Gladstone District will be open to Belect tion on and after the 1st of July. With a view to test the question as to the practicability of bringing their larger oteamera right up to the wharves, and in order that the public may have an opportunity of in specting the accommodation available for travellers on board steamers of the Barcoo, Maranoa, Warrego class it has been arranged by the Q.S.S. Coy., that their s.s. Barcoo sj.-'I come up to Rockhampton wharf, on Wednesday evening next, when on' her voyage down the cost to Sydney, We under stand that Messrs. Walter Reid are issuing invitations to several of the residents to in spect the vessel on Thursday morning, when light refreshments will 'be provided, and the success of the Q.S.S. Co. proposed. During a considerable portion of the day the vessel will be open for the inspection of tfce general Inspector Stuart ' received' a. 'telegram early on Tuesday from the police at h Comet; advising him «f the absence of Vlengthsman named Boulger from gang 34 since: Saturday, but later in the day intelligence wai far-, warded him that Boolgerliad been Tuond.' On Monday a. message 'came to nand from a Westwood resident, saying a woman named Martin bad been absent from her hojne since the previous day, and that a search party which had been out Lad* returned without finding her. A further telegram cm the same subject states Mrs. Martin left her residence about two o'clock on Sunday afternoon to. search for cows, and as she did not return the members of her family searched for her all night. On Monday they 'apprised Mr. Hobler, J.H., of Westwood, of the occurrence, and had word sent to the police here. A constable and a black tracker left town oh Tuesday morn; ing early to aid in the search, 'which, in the absence of news to any other effect, must have been unsnecessf uL The following letter from Baron Von Mueller to Mr. Edgar, Botanic Gardens, Rocbhampton, will be read with considerable interest by local scientists :— ' There has been such an overwhelming work in my de partment, dear Mr. Edgar, that my corres pondence got into arreax ; and now only at a late night-hour I will endeavour to answer your kind letter of the 30th of last month. The case with fossilB from Mr. James Smith came saFely, and 1 feel greatly obliged to that zealous observer of geology for this precious gift. He wishes me to send a return dona tion to your School of Arts collection, and I will gladly do so ; but I have a few months ago despatched all my^ sur plus fossils to one of the continental museums as additional material for a new palaentological work forthcoming there ; so it may be some time before I have any ex tensive supply again available. Meanwhile I consider myself thus far in debt to your institution. I have also read with ^rea* in terest th« print on the zedlogy of your dis trict. I need not say that I will be very glad to remain in literary communication and correspondence with so excellent an ob server as Mr. Smith. Yon have place.1 me under very great obligation by sending the scedswf your very umbrageous valley eucalypt. If you send a small piece of branchlet of the two eucalyptus in bad and frait I will be able to pronounce positively about the two. Amoug floating aquatic weeds there, even the ! minute duckweeds must yet be of much : rarity there. Please remember me kia-ilj' to Mrs. Thozet and her eon. I am not at all clear about the pylomelium (wooden pear) of 1 ymir .iistrict. From looking on the seed vessels merely, I should have taken it as t-eeJtT of both kinds *re, however, very valu able I) ere, as yours is one of the nearest places to get them from. I think a -»py of the * select plants ' (Ust edition) is gone to yon, if not I will send to town for one, and de spatch it at once ; my assistant, who will know, is not here in evening hours. By this po*t I Bend a few pub ications, which will perhai-s interest Mr. Potts, Mr. Smith, and yourself. Mr. Potts might manage to Bend a list of what his friend may have available o I ornithological specimens towards the end of l&eyear...; I shall only then need tiW. Mb. W. A. Lawsok, the defendant in the i action brought by the Rockhampton Munici pal Council for a breach of the Local Govern ment Act in erecting a wooden dividing wail on a first-class block, appeared at the Police Court on Saturday, and in the presence of Messrs. A. Brown and EL P. Livermore, JJ.P., signed a document acknowledging his j indebtedness to the Crown in the euro of £100 should be fail to carry out the conditions en- ; dorsed thereon. The endorsement is as fol- ' Lows : — ' The condition of this within -written ? recognisance is such that if the within -bound en | Walter Adam Lawson shall, on or before the j 4th of October, in the year of our Lard 18S6, ! abate and remove a certain nuisance, to wit, I m external wall lately built by him tc a cer- 1 tain building situated on part of allotment 4 of section 47, parish and town of Rockhamp ton, lately occupied by John Seed, then the said recognisance to be void or else to itind in full force and virtue.' A general meeting of shareholders in the Australian Frozen Meat Export Company, f, irnit.H, was held on May 30th at the office of the company, 28 Queen-street, Melbourne, for the purpose of receiving the final report of the liquidator, and ordering upon the disposal of the books and accounts of the company. Nine shareholders were present, and Mr. J. L. Come was voted to the chair. Mr. John | Hoteon, who had been appointed liquidator of i the company, reported that the liquidation : was now completed. The assets had been ' realised, and all the liabilities paid off. The sales of works and plant at Newport had realised £10,500 ; arrears of calls and interest, £2,154 10a. 4d.: and the office furniture, £30. The principal liabilities were : — Mortgages on company's property, with interest, £6,523 13s. Sd. ; balance of current account at National Bank of Anstralasia, £2,750 19s. 10d.; and Leuiham, IngliB, and Co., reclamations on shipments, £1 ,227 4s. 9d. The total disburse ments Mere £12,325 15s. 4d., leaving a balance of £358 15s. in the h^oda of the liquidator, which, when divided, would giie 8b. 4d. on each £100 shares in the company. Resolu tions ordering the disposal of the books, tc., were passed. At the Police Court on Tuesday, before Messrs. J. W. Fase and R. L. Dibdin, JJ.P., two spielers named James Cochlan and Isaac Hooley, were charged with robbery with violence. They were remanded for three days. We have learned the following parti culars concerning the robbery. On the evening of the 18th of May last, & man named John Wittoo, .driver of Mr. J. Irwin's cart, went into the Commercial Hotel, East-street, about half ?past eight o'clock. He noticed several of the Bpteler fraternity sitting in one of the tooou. After havine a drink, he went out ay the ode door. When he got to the Q.N. .Bank corner, he was attacked by three men, 'tlie tallest of whom knocked him down. He was kicked about the face and body most un mercifoUy, and. after being robbed of a few tr$iug article! and a email sum of money, n-m left insensible and bleedixig profusely. fie lay.there unconscious till two o'clock in tile ' morning, when be managed to crawl home. The inside of his under lip was cut right across, and the upper lip completely through. The skin was peeled off one side of hti face,' while the other eheei is still black and blue from the blows and kicks which he received. One of his eyes was slightly in jured, and his back was badly hurt. He has been confined to his bed for the last fortnight, attended by Dr. Callaghan, and is not yet able to resume his work. The man James Henry Beerhaven, who was charged at the Police Cunrt on Monday with being identical with Francis Thomas Sullivan, an ex-constable, who disappeared about eight years ago with a earn orinoney he had laid his hftn^ft upon while working in the office of tbe Inspector of Police, was liberated on Tuesday. Mr. Arthur Brown, J.P., visited the gaol in company with Sab-inspector Gal braithin the afternoon, and informed him he wae free to depart. Mr. G&lbraith; asye the reason the accused was not pro ceeded against was because the pro secutor, Mr. Collopy, is dead. Beer haven called on us last evening, and com plained of the injustice that had been done him. He says he resided for many years in India, and held a good position there. He resigned about twelve raooths ago, and then journeyed to Melbourne, calling at Ceylon en visited Brisbane, Toowoomba, and (jympie. At the latter place he followed the occupation of a pianoforte tuner. Eventually he came to (iladatone, and travelled overland to Rock hampton. Near Gmcemert he met a selector, whose name he afterwards ascertained was Brady, and was thus accosted '* Hullo, old man, how are you?' He replied 'Very well,' and passed on. Beerhaveu then * isited Mount Morgan with the intention of obtaining employment, but before h^- hud succeeded in doing so he was arrested by Mounted -co nstable Barry, with whom was Brady. He was brought to Rockhampton on Sunday, and in the evening charged before two magistrates with being Francis Thomas bers of the pulice force who were in Rockhampton at the same time as Sullivan ; and, he eays. one or two sai.l lie was like that individual, anJ others that he did not re semble him io the least. Sub- inspector G;J braith 8Uti-s this is not a fa--t, and that Brady, who informed the polic* of Heer stiU adheres to the utateineut he first made, and i hat »U tbe constables who saw him on Sunday declared there was a likeness betu'eeo him &nd; Sullivan In con clusion Beerhaven says :— ' 1 do not see why they should have remanded me for eight days when they could have identified me as easily on Aloaday *s nert week, and I thing it was very unfair to detain me in custody so long on the tell me uuL that I was not Sullivan— but that there was uu evidence even against tbe right man. I got wet through coming into town, and I have only now dried my dotting.' Is the Supreme Court last week James White Monro, builder, of Muttaburra, «u adjudicated insolvent on his own petition. The port thotIsth examination of the body of James Gibson, lately master of the steamer Burnett, showed that death was caused by apoplexy. Deceased was buried on Saturday Plans have been prepared for a new Lunatic Asylum, capable of containing 000 patient*, which is to be erected at Toowoomba. Even in this matter the Central District is neglected. Thf-rf was on view at Mr. D. Martin's batcher's shop, Bolsover- street, on Saturday; a bullock weighing 1092 Ibe. It was one of * mob of fifty purchased by Mr. Martin fron) Mr. Menzies, of Wycbeproof Paddocks/ and was very little heavier than the others. A cosbj£sPOXde-t asks us, apropos of the local option racket to give the following quatrain which appeared in Punch long ' Thin troth about tbe sparkling glaa Whe drioiut too little is ut au, Who driiiLs too much a ewint' Th£ following promotions and appoint ments in the Telegraph Department have beeii approved by the Government : — John Bedford Callun and Samuel Simonson, operators, to be managers ; Edward Ernest Knight, W S. Clairinghold, George Peter Elliott, O. H. R. Lang, and Charles Parifch to be operators. Twelve members of A Company, Queens land Defence Force, left by the EeOawarra, s.s-, on Saturday for Townsville, in order to be present at the Northern Encampment to * be held a few days hence. They were under the command of Captain Koch, and consisted of two sergeants, four corporals, a bugler, and four privates. We understand tbe Secretary of the Cham ber of Commerce has received a letter from ' the Commissioner for Hallways in reply to the communication he sent last month point ing out tbe inutility of the reduction in the rates for the carnage of sugar along the Central Railway, aud asking that they be made to apply to parcels weighing over half a ton. Mr. Curnow remarks ihat he cannot accede to tbe rc-quest. Tu£ following telegram from Colonel French TownbviUe, to Major Robinson, Bgck hampton, will be read with interest by our volunteers : ? ' Thanks for copy of letter* Inform local ^officers that I have already advised the Government to reserve little Sea-hill for defence purposes, and that it was so reserved last year. No truth in report pi new guns haviug arrived for Lytton. to any case Townsville, being most exposed place, in the colony, inuat first be provided for. —(Signed). G. A. Fbescii Colonel Common r dant.' Mb. R. M'Gbecok, saddler and harness maker, William-street, has introduced an in; etmmeoX for .making collars* which ui Jan. American patent, it is a pine frame, fi. apd* ing owr four feet high. A slit runa down the centre, into which a block, which shapef the inside of tbe collar, slides. This block j- divided into two pieces, and a wedge is driven between th**'- according to the (-if* of the collar to be made. The collar having been sewed an-l made ready for stuffing, it h placed round this centre- block. Then two wings which form the outside of the collar, of which the lower extremities are on hinges, are buckled to gether in the same manner as the haimes are fastened round the collar. The stuffing ia then pushed in, and. forced down by two stuffing irons, which pass through two rings a tittle above the top of the collar. We were shown two collars, one a concord, and the other a cant collar, made with this machine, and they are certainly of a first-class descdp* tion. By this -machine the collar can be stuffed more quickly and in a more solid manner fr-h»n by h»-'^ 