TOPICS OF THE WEEK. Mr. Harper being a cautious man warns the Assembly and the farmers against being j oversangnine as to irrigation. In California, | irrigation is uncomfortable, wet, and muddy j ander the most favourable circumstances, j trying both to the temper and the pocket of j the farmer. Artificial watering never Rives j the satisfaction that natural watering does, j Mr. Harper also expects that Mr. Deakin s I scheme will entail a gross expenditure of not j less than £10,000,000. but bis conclusions are i based on a nasty and doubting examination of j the tacts. It is easy to build up large figures. J How many millions per annum are at present j being spent in fencing, clearing, ploughing, j sowing, reaping, and carting to market ? The i answer is to be found in the returns of | the banks, insurance companies, and other J financial institutions which lend money. | The amount must greatly exceed the esti-1 mated c-GSt of irrigating the same area of | land. Riparian rights, on which Mr. Harper j talks wisely bat gloomily, may stand over j until the bill gets into committee, and j persons owning frontages can rest as- i snred that their interests will be | duly protected by the Legislative Council, j The Ministerial scheme, it should ever l>e kept in miud, does not create new sources of supply in the clouds or in mountain springs, but will turn into a multitude of tiny rilis the volume of water now llowiDg down three or four large rivers. Unless large water storage is provided for, the main streams must ehrink in the dry seasons as the irrigation canals are extended; and it the flood waters are kept back from the Murray, the Miverina steamers may have to lay up the whole year round; Mr. Harper s warnings are well timed, but we wish his j etndy of the bill and the official reports had been deeper. They represent rather the attitude of his mind titan the result of medi tation. It is amusing to hear Dr. Quick condemning the bill as an abortion, a mixture of illogical drafting, a botch potch, &c.; The hen. and learned member is never very choice in his language. Of the 242 clauses in the bill, he says that 200 re-enact the existing law. 40 are machinery clauses, and two alone contain-anything original. Two command ments are said to contain ail the law and the prophets, and if Dr. Quick means that the two clauses be separates from the rest com prehend, in the same sense, everything else that is worth preserving in the bill, the copy right oi his discovery will not realise a very large price if put up to auction. Mr. M'Lellan disposes of Mr. llarf drV ob jections to "wet, muddy, and uncomfortable" irrigation by referring the hon. member to :he Rook of Genesis. Verse 12 runs as fol lows:—"And there went a river out of Eden to waler the garden. Thence it parted, and was divided into four heads." He is uncertain about the meaning of the term " heads," which, as an old miner, he is inclined to believe were eluice-beads; but here we have proof, he said, of the carrying out of an irriga tion scheme, under divine sanction, for watering the fruit trees under which Adam and Eve learned their first lesson in apple stealing. Mr. M'Lellan is correct in saying that we have too long been allowing valuable water to ran to waste in the flood season. He has seen 20ft. of water ov«r some home steads ahd rivers seven miles wide. Owners of lands flooded by such waters are not likely, lie thinks, to 'make a fuss about riparian rights. Doubtless they are not, hat less unfortunately situated selectors would make a loud fuss if the creek before .their door became dry altogether in consequence af the Government having given the local streams a new direction. The debate on the tecond reading is being needlessly span oak j Beneral propositions for and against irriga lion lose their force after frequent repetition, uid we have beard so much ffom Mr. Deakin vbout the good effects of watering in Cali fornia that Mr. Dow hardly required I to jo over the same ground at equal length, Mr. Dow, however, was led to repeat die oft- told story, because the members pi«ceding him had forgotten—or never' read—Mr. Deakin's speeches and reports,j which are the A B C of Victorian irrijjation. The fscts accumulated by. Mr. Dentin and Ifr. J, It Dow in their Ameri»h , tour would fill f waggon—no^men flyii&Ovfr; '■ (m ' ground W tbe ''rate 'per thiey <hd eoutd jLt f)03r-'bad'tteen slower . Sfi^ -iDow 4ei»t: ! V0uld' have had more5 cipi!,' * What "dfe |n>bltc%raht ta ndtneecond pouring oofcrifundfgeeted Califoroiah eitatistice, but good mar>ybf them, | going to show that the scheme before Parliament will be workable in Moira, Kod | pey, Mnniarang, Avoea, and die Wimmera— I ihat water will be forthcoming to till the | canals, that the trusts w ill take kindly to ■ their responsible duties, that the estimates of i cost will cover lite expenditure, and that the ; charges for water when collected will meet I the interest on the cost of construction, j without new burdens having to be imposed [ on the local ratepayer or the general tax I payer. On these interesting questions | ministers and private members seem alike to i be profoundly unlearned. The part of Wednesday's sitting set aside for private business is the playtime of the Assembly—the interval between the hours appointed tor real work when hobby liorses may be ridden, and airy grievances trotted out. At country race meetings in the olden days the mounted spectators could only be prevented from following the flying field by the stewards allowing them to gallop round the course between the races, and if private members of the Assembly had not a Wed-1 nesday evening for playing at legislation, the other sitting days wonld be taken up with debates on motions for the adjournment of the House Mr. J. J. Maddens bill for enfranchising the police is j a hobby-horse measure. 'The police vote will neither greatly improve the making of the I laws nor greatly injure them, in fact, it will! not affect legislation in the faintest degree. It is probable that the laws against crime j would be much more stringently carried out if the police were allowed to sit on the jury ; but Mr. Madden does not propose to do more J than give them a vote at Parliamentary elec-1 tions. The franchise has hitherto been with-1 held from the force for its own good. Xo one | questions the intelligence of constable or eer- j geant, or doubts that both would give as j wise a vote as the shopkeeper or the clerk. ] They are placed above the level of the voter in J order that the public may have confidence in j their impartiality and coolness in seasons of political excitement If they are enfranchised the police vote will at once become some thing to angle for, and cnnning intermediaries ! will be employed to find cat bow it is going, | on what terms it can be secured by particular ! candidates—what special views they desire 1 thetr member to advocate, what attitude he j must take when the police estimates are before : the Assembly, what allowances and holidays J and reduced hours of working be must ask for. When political leeling runs high, there will I Ire inquiries how the police voted: and, j whether they take the popular or the unpopular I side, somebody—perhaps very many persons— will seek opportunities, in the crowded street, j ofletting them know that they voted wrongly. The order to "moveon now," when given j to spectators before the polling booth or at the public-house door, may he reseuted as a: piece of impertineuce on the part of one of j Jones's mob to some of Smith's supporters. " Why don't you tell your own side ] to move ouf' will he the likely retort. In large electorates the police vote will be heavy and compact: and in small electorates the action of the sergeant and his half dozen men will be closely watched and freely criticised. If the police are put on the rolls they will not be satisfied with going to the poll and voting silently. Being composed of the same flesh and blood as other men they will take to talking about politics among them selves and with their outside friends, to hold ing meetings, appointing committees, and in j various ways bringing the police vote into j prominence, with the certain consequence of losing the standing they now possess as the impartial guardians of the public peace. The Xew Sou Lb Wales Assembly, in sit ting for 56 hoars last week, namely, from' Thursday afiernoou until a few minutes past midnight on Saturday, has "beaten the record," and the House might have sat on without interruption until Tuesday bad it not been for the conscientious scruples of the Opposition, who, out of consideration for the safety of their souls, ceased from work the moment the hands of the clock told them that the Lord's day had begun. Sir Patrick Jennings felt ashamed at being left alone Sabbath breaking, and quickly closed tbe sitting, which, nnder the sessional orders, had to be adjourned to Tuesday. Monday j not being a meeting day. Talking against time, which provokes the wrath of the majority kept at bay, and scenes of disorder go hand in band, and early ofi Friday morning the disorder became so great that the Speaker entered the Chamber and took tbe chair, the House having up to that time been in com mittee. Mr. Barton is the Cromwell of New South Wales, and where the standing orders or May fail to indicate the course to be pursued, he discovers one for lumself. The ghostJike form of Ned Kelly stalking through the bush, in the morning lights clad in armour, was not a greater surprise to the people of Glenrowan than the Speaker's unexpected entry, in wig and gown, was to the Opposi tion members, who, having lost their presence of mind, denied his right to come in without being called. The Speaker flung the portly Mr. Wisdom into the custody of the Sergeant at-arms, which "iron-handed act "had the effect of quelling the tumult The Chairman of Committees resumedhis seat, butonly.tosay that he had had enough of it for tbe present, and Mr. Slaltery would take his place. The stonew&Uers; objected to Mr. Slattery, who asserted his authority by ordering Mr. Shepherd into custody. The . next act of disorder was Mr. Gibbes's deliberately seating himself in the Speaker's chair with a hat on his head for a wig, and a horse- rug round Iris body for a robe of state. This was burlesquing Parliementsry pro cedure in style, and theCbairman ol pom mittees had Mr.. Gibbes ejected from the' chair as often as he sat down Un it, until the iron, member grew tired. Oh Saturday morniRg the galleries were re-opeoed/andwheh the reported entered they were received with loud Qpporition :cbeerinft whicta Is the find ! instance on record of die presence of tbe fourth estate beiBg suitably recognised by Parliament. The privilege of excluding strangers alter lust week's exhibition of rowdyism in the New South A Vales Assembly, should be taken away from the individual member. AY hen tbc public, whoarecondescendingly referred to in the standing orders 89 "strangers," retire, (hey take with them the only restraints which prevent the natural man from coining out strongly. Sir llenry Parkes and Sir Patrick Jennings won 1<J not have shouted, "'Who are yon, I'd like to know, ' across the table at one another like a pair ol fish fags if the galleries had been occupied by spectators, nor would Mr. Gibbes havetakeu theSpeaker'schair with a horse-rag wrapped round his loins, as if he were a king of the blackfeliows presiding l over a corroboree, if the reporters had been taking notes. Men <juiekly revert to the customs of their ancestors when the con ventions of society are relaxed, and the i member of Parliament, proud as he inay be of the distinction of being chosen to make laws for his country, forgets that he is wearing a black coat—or any coat at all. " They have made my l ather's house a den of thieves," was once remarked of the per sons who had converted the Holy Temple into an exchange and mart; and the Chamber of Legislation has become as noisy j as a boxing saloon. " We are a rabble," cried the Opposition, and the Ministerial sup-, porters joined with them in making their | words good. And we say this of last week's j stonewalling, that the exclusion of the public when a measure taxing the people j is under discussion would justify the mino rity in going to any lengths to delay busi ness. The Ministerialists, of course, did not sanction the closing of the doors with [ any idea of concealing their votes from their ; constituents. They wanted to deprive the Opposition members of an audience of "strangers," and to prevent them from talking to the people through the press. It is assumed by majorities, who regard debating and delaying business as syno-, nymoas terms, that the Parliamentary orator j becomes gravelled for lack of matter when I the galleries are ertpty. Experience teaches J the opposite doctrine. Rowdyism takes the place of reasonable speaking, and the ob structive feels that he is discharging a public ! duty in preventing the doing of business in j secret Strangers could not have been kept j out of the New South Wales Assembly had not the majority been willing, and yet if the question had been put to the vote a majority dare not have voted for closing the doors. If disgrace a as brought on Parliamentary institutions, the blame rested with the supporters of Sir Patrick Jennings, while the Speaker, whom the nproar so grievously shocked, might have staved mnch of it off by taking the chair at the usual sitting hour on l'riday, and tlins temporarily suspended the proceedings in committee, after it had become patent that the chairmau'8 power of doing anything bat | exercise a questionable power of suspending j members was gone. | A perpetual craving exists for more know ledge about the polar regions. European governments are done for the present with the Arctic Circle, but propositions for fitting out ships to break through the ice barriers into the inland sea ever excites enthusiasm among sailors and men of science, who wonld spare neither the public treasury nor the British navy in their laudable efforts to satisfy the desire for more light They will be delighted to bear that Mr. Bennett, of the Acw York Herald, is equipping a party, although the mam object inay be to do a big thing in advertising. The belief in the existence of a polar sea has long since been given np by men of common sense, but withont the belief in a polar sea the intrepid mariner has no plausible excuse for voluntarily locking himself up all through the dark winter in a badly-lit freez ing chamber. Polar expeditions have only succeeded up to now in negativing every theory they were expected to verify. There is no north-west passage or north-east pas sage open, no navigable Polar sea, and no typical Scotchman sitting on the North Pole waiting to welcome the British or American navigator to the realm of the Ice King. All fnture inquiries into the state of the North Pole and its immediate surroundings mast, we fear, be relegated to the inhabi tants of the Planet Mara, who are much better situated for carrying on observations than the population of this globe; and the true aim of the scientific man of to-day should be to open op signalling communica tion with our ruddy neighbour. AVe, in onr turn, will be able to supply Mars with news about his pole at a very cheap rate. The Geographical Society.of Australasia proposes on expedition tp the Antarctic Circle, and as they do not hope, or even wish, to make the South Pole their destination, but only to look for new whaling-grounds, examine the coastal lines of the great southern continent, and puzzle ont why there should be burning mountains under, the perpetual snow-fields, the projected trip wears a business and practical look. We do not believe that the public will subscribe at all liberally to tbe fitting out of ships, or ought to do so, or that tourists will fulfil the expectations of Mc Kernot, and "rnah" the society with ap plications for cabin accommodation, be cause, feven at midsummer, the temperature falls so low that* as tbe American travel ler reports, tbe thermometer has some times to, get down off the nail The Australian Parliaments might, however be successfully appealed to for a grant in aid of Antartic exploration, whether it is uhder taken by local enterprise or by a man-of-war fitted ont under the direction of savant* in London, fct A. C. Gregory, of Queens land, has suggested that the exploring party nay discovectiiefUrting pojntofthe erratic, and severe stomas that once or twice a year approach Australia from the southward. Their secret historyisvfcwtiifinding out. Themee&ag; ol the Federal Assembly of! tbe Presbyterian Church, which is now being field in Sydney, is interesting because it is an added Jink to the chain of federation. It shows that no real ecclesiastical difference exists, and that tbe present artificial divisions between the colonies are found to be trouble some. The churches evidently fully realise the advantages that would accrue to them from a wider union. The Assembly, bow ever, does not yet possess any real authority, it issimply "acourtofarbitrationaudadvice." The moderator, Dr. Nish, with a vivid re collection, perhaps, of the troubles that he has witnessed in Victoria, professed that for his part he did not want it to have larger powers. As it is now constituted matters will be dig cussed in cold blood, and any recommenda tions of the Federal Assembly will naturally carry great weight with the local bodies. The moderator in the opening address expressed j a hope that a better method would be found for dealing with caseB of heresy, so as to | avoid the bitterness and wrangling that have been so often witnessed in connexion with them. He took the common 6ense view that a charge of heresy should be tried before a select body of experts, and not before a local tribunal imbued with local prejudices. If such a Bystem were adopted the extraordinary scenes of the Melbourne Presbytery would be averted, and the public would be able to re spect the church more highly. The court would, at least, be above the suspicion of partiality, and it would probably feci a keener responsibility in the exercise of its functions than is manifested by a popular and heated assembly. The local bodies wonld no longer be required to act in tbe in compatible capacities of prosecutor and judge It only remained for the moderator to go a 6tep farther and suggest that the Federal Assembly should do its utmost to discourage heresy-hunting altogether. In the mean time, however, the movement will serve to draw tbe Presbyterian churches more closely together, and the more it does this the more hope is there that it will lead to a spirit of tolerance. If many men are to be joined in cue communion, and if the denomination is to do good work over tbe whole of Australia, there mast be room also for many minds. The acquittal of Harriet Stevens for the Wangaratta murder was to be expected. Plum died of poisoning by arsenic, which is not likely to have been self taken, and he could not very well have set fire to the house afterwards; nor is he likely to have made Mrs. Stevens a present of the large sum of money which waa found in her wood-heap, and hidden there, there is fair reason for be lieving, by Mrs. Stevens herself. She waa at Plum's house on the Thursday—so much is admitted by her counsel—but Plnm was seen alive on Friday afternoon, the murder taking place that night. It is uecessary to suppose, if Mrs. Stevens was the guilty party, that when Bbe left for Plum's house on Thursday, she had already formed a plan for robbiug and murdering him, and, before setting out, made up a dose of arsenic from tbe packet she had in the house. This is assuming more than the Crown prosecutor was prepared to assert Persons to whom arsenic has been given do not die quietly in bed within a few hours, and unless Plum was chloroformed, of which there was no evidence, it is difficult to account for his body being found lying on j the partly-burned stretcher, if this woman' alone had a hand in his death. As to Plum's I money not being found in the wood-heap for I eight or nine days after the murder, we can not see what person but Mrs. Stevens had a motive for hiding it there. The prisoner, doubtless, could throw a good deal of light on the robbery, if not also the murder, were she1 disposed to speak, but the murder was not satisfactorily brought home to anybody in particular. She told lies about her move ments on the Thursday and Friday, but this was consistent with her desiring to conceal the fact that she paid PJum a clandestine visit at bis own invitation. The penal report is not altogether pleasant reading. The number of criminals, and particularly of lint offenders, is rapidly on the increase, and last year a considerably larger number made their acquaintance with the inside of the prison walls than in any former year. The penal department is, iudeed, sorejy troubled to find the right method of dealing with youthful offenders who come withm its supervision for the first time Naturally the gaol associations only tend to make them worse. Pentridge, with its horde of hardened ruffians, ia no fit place for young people whose crime may be compara tively slight Accordingly, Mr. Brett atroiWy ecommends the adoption of what is known the Probationary system. Under this ar fi«fSent the cr.iminal *ho & convicted of a ^ f?«QOerU home and re same his ordinary occupation without suffer-' ing any actual puuishmeht ft howeSe ever comes into collision with the law afcaih he is made to serve the original sentence/as well as any other that may be imposed. If 6 ttMr' be^aTe® *ell the sentence coar8e of time. Ibe method has worked remarkably weft in Massachusetts, where it was original!!! i SStaMn"? y°atbn° hn8 to wntiie to reform. He knows that he can j only wipe out the sentence by honesty and j industry. At the came time he has not to b° d HT**' ^ V^toence of the Son Without incurring 5ie IWSTEffi Sns? h^ if Pl^ ®mong abandoned villains, be is allowed ah oDnorbmtt* of retrieving his wteps and-JSSS his character. Of course this system could be applied to all first offenders. The crimes recently committed by men in resnonS positions, who have had every facility and tod.ame.tt. t* ho**, ^ ^ stamped out by severer measures, saw mil b. iSm,Itfc« £f **?■ «■ to Imtoic.. {£ juvenile offenders who are not tmt»i •*» 3? m& m ^meJds^ood » Sound birchin^ 8n? belfereu thoroughly in the efficacy V the rod. There i8 a sort heroism among larrikins, and they tbinW^ manly thing to come into collirion vritl, 'a* magistrates. If the punishment, how - were made as ignominous as poasilda !!er' would be Jess likely to court it If u offences oi which they are guilty could k! made to appear contemptible they JL?S soon disappear. The birch has driven ■ humours out of many boys; vigor ^ applied it might help to convert Some of°?>, criminal classes. The ljelief, founded on the revenue and pendilure returns for the year endinv W 30, that the finances of Queenslaud JL altogether right, is confirmed by the laugmZ of the Acting-Governor's speech at theo3 mg of Parliament on Tuesday, "it ff;}Tr ne^siary for the present to exercise the tut*! rigid economy." These curious words cam after the following statementNotwmf standing the adverse seasons, considerable steps have been taken'to bring into orZ lion the provisions of the Crown Lands Act and its provisions are already conducing in large degree to beneficial settlement upoi, tb! lands of the colony. It was not expected that Queenslaud would wholly escane the Cbnsequences of the long- continued drought The finances, nevertheless, ate m a sound condition, and the unprecedented success of the stock lately offered in London is an abundant proof of the high credit of the coljuy. The recent rains and the improving prospects of colonial industries give good ground for confident anticipations m^the future prosperity of the colony." It is only fair to wait for Mr. Dickson's budget speech. Among the hills to be introduced thia see. sion is one to define and declare the rights to natural water, and to provide for°th8 storage of water by local authorities con. stituted for the purpose. Queensland, in short, is going in for water conservation/and the law of riparian rights is to he put on a new basis in that colony as well as in New South Wales and Victoria. Payment of mem. hers is to be provided for, in future, by a bill instead of a vote on the Estimates, and the Legislative Council has no grounds for offering resistance after fighting so weakly for its privileges laBt year. Rail, ways, for which money has been borrowed, are to be pushed on, and vague reference is made to measures which arc to soften down the irritation felt in the districts now agita ting for separation. Public business is to be conducted with alacrity all the colony over and more attention paid to neglected local r* qnirements. Mr. Griffith denies that there is any general feeling in the north in favour of separation, aud as he lately traversed the principal districts with his eyes closed against all facts tending that way, how could he be expected to express any other opinion ? The llawkesbnry-bridge on the railway from Sydney to Newcastle will be one of the engineering wonders of the world when com pleted. Although it will be 2,896ft long, its length is not its chief peculiarity, for the Brooklyn- bridge, New York, is nearly twice as long. In the erection of the Hawkesbury bridge the difficulty is finding. bottom at a reasonable depth for the piers on which the weight of the superstructure will rest The river bed consists of mud and soft sand; hard gravel, capable of serving as a founda tion, not being met with until the enormous depth of 18oft below low-water mark is reached. Nowhere in the world baa sink ing for foundations -had to be carried so far down as this. . The height of the bridge flooring above low water , is to be 42ft, and bo the total height of the piers from bottom to top will be 227ft An American firm—the Union Bridge Com pany, of New York—has supplied the plans and secured the contract for carrying out the work under Government In the United States most of the bridge building is done by companies, who have each styles of their own. and competition obliges them to be economical in the use of materials and painstaking and conscientious in putting parts together, so as to win and keep a good name. Some companies are known by the form of truss they use, or the shape of their posts, or the style of pin connexion. Designs for the Hawkesbarj'-bridge were sent in from varions parts of Europe, America,and Australia, but the Union of New York alone proposed a method of sinking the cylinders which recommended itself to the judgment oi the selecting commission. The bridge will be divided, into five spans of 416ft, each, and two of ,406ft, and it will.be 28ft. wide. The trass rises above the roadway, it being what the Americans call a " through bridge." The .ordinary plan ol, sinking is to lower . the. cylinder perpendicularly until lbs rjyer bed is reached, and then to send down divers inside the"tube to scoop the mud and sand bob *A loading of iron roils is usually sufficient to forcethe cylinder down as the core is raised, but where such a dppth as 185ft,; has - to he attained extra ordinary measures have to be taken. The main cylinders of the Hawkesbury-bridge are to have a diameter oi SOft st the base, and they will containithree smaller tubes, each 811 in diameter. The apace between the smaller tubes and the luge one will,, at starting, be filled with concrete. At the bottom, of course, this space will he clpsed in, and a sharp or catting edge given to the outer tube. The excavating will he done inside each of the three smaller tnbe% and' the composite cylinder will have a sufficient weight of itself to press dowry through the mud and wd tethe hardgravel on whichitIsto rest .The con tract price for the bridge fl £3%7,OQQ, and the sinking ot foe piers has beenlet to Anderson and Barr, ot New Yoick,' who werepngaged m similar work conbected with for erection of/the Atchafalaya- bridge, o&Y; the Texas and Pacific railroad, where the depth sunk to was I85fb_ TfaflBydpeyao4 Npwto»tie mjl way is ooeof the links fo tire chaipibf railways that Is to connect Adelaide, Melkmroe, Sydney, aud Brisbane. ' ... ■•*-..,.«f-"r^rr~7rTv>4..- , Ifr. Itfcfcardsbn, foff Minwer tot Fabfic 'Works in'NItf tnadean ihteresttoir communication to Parliament on June 26. There are 1,613 miles of railway open for traffic, and tbe net profit, after paying work ing expenses, is £2 18s. 6d. per Cent, or £1 Is. Gd. per cent short of the rate at which the Australasian colonies now borrow in London. Most of the NeW Zealand lines were constructed out of loans bearing 6 and 5 per cent interest, but as the old debentures fall due they are being converted into 4'per cents., which are the standard Australasian rate. The net receipts would have been greater by £50,000, but reductions in the goods tariff which were demanded by one or two districts, "had to be conceded to all. Mr. Richardson has some hopes of seeing the whole of the lines placed under a board of commissioners, who will manage them ac cording to local circumstances. At present, whether a railway runs across a plain or ascends steep mountains, the rates of carriage are the same, instead of being proportioned to the cost of haulage, and we are not surprised that the working expenses absorb 65 Dl per cent, ot the gross receipts. When a concession is re quired in a particular locality, to enable the railway to compete against water traffic, a corresponding reduction is demanded in every other district in the Middle and North Islands; and the Government have either to refuse the concession, and sub mit to a loss of business, or to grant it all round, which amounts to the voluntarily throwing away of revenue. The harbour works at Dunedin have so far progressed that moBt of thetcorgo brought into Port Chalmers is now carried up to the city by water, and the railway will be unable to recover the business it has lost unless the charges are greatly reduced ; but, it the charges are lowered between Port Chalmers and Dunedin, they will have to be similarly lowered in every port line in New Zealand where the Go vernment have a monopoly of traffic. The mileage of tbe railway open for traffic has been increased by the Government faking over the private lines, all of which are in their Hands excepting the Waimea Plains railway, which witl soon be absorbed along with the rest The Waimea Plains line is one in which Sir Julius Vogel and two other Ministers are interested as shareholders, and the negotiations have to be delicately con ducted eo as to look absolutely fair and square. Thus, while the state is preparing to sanction tiie making of the East and West Coast line by a syndicate, it is, in relation to lines already made, giving effect to the prin ciple that all railways ought to be under Government management 