Sporting Gossip. i [BY THE VAQUANT.] THE DUCKENFIELD STUD. When tho deeds of the past come to be inscribed by some future turf historian no name should occupy a much moro prominent place than that of the Hon. John Eales, who from early youth has been a true friend and supporter of that grand old game yclept the " Sport of Kings." Years ago the handsome black and red jacket of Mr. Eales was often carried prominently by Chance, Cooramin, Old England, Days of Yore, Rose of Australia, Rataplan, New Holland, and many others, but of late years the squire of Duckenfleld's evil star has been in the ascendant, and bia victories have been few and far between. He had tho bad luck to sell Honeydew and Prince Imperial, two or three of his horses were burned with his stable, Tomboy broke down, and Fuse, now one of tho best sprinters in Australia, was sold by him after showing very in- different form under his banner. Despite all his bad luck, however, Mr! Eales has always como up smiling, his heart is as much in the sport now as ever, and there is no warmer or more liberal patron of the turf in the land. Duckenfield is situated on the banks of the Hunter, a couple of miles from Morpeth, and is celebrated as one of the most perfectly furnished and palatial residences in the colony. On Tuesday last I, in company with another lover of oquines, in answer to an invitation from the proprietor,, paid a visit of inspection to tho famous stud. Tho flat agricultural country around Morpeth would gladden the hearts of all who like such scenery, and at no point is it seen to more per- fection than at Duckenfield. My eye delights in ruggod, undulating, tree-crowned heights and low dark valleys, but I must confess that the green grass-coverod flats, comfortable farm houses, and the winding, sparkling river flowing gently downwards made a very pretty picture. Wo re- ceived our first greeting at the hands of Messrs. Walter and Alfred Eales, who are not believers in idleness, and who in order to get their hands in for futuro rustic life, were sturdily taking their share in the erection of a fence. After a short chat we pressed on, and were soon receiving a cordial wel- come from Mr. Eales and his eldest son John, who, by the bye, is Master of the N. H. C. Wo found tho genial proprietor suffering from an old enemy gout, and we wore soon handed over to his stalwart son, who almost immediately brought under our notice some splendid Gordon setters of which ho is deservedly proud. Then wo made our way ' to the stables, and in ono box we came aoross our conductor's grand hunter Chevalier, a stout made brown golding with whito face and foot, who is one of the best timber toppers in the country, and who can fairly claim a best on record : a few months back with his owner (who rides closo on 13st.) on his back he flow a 4ft. 8in. fonce, and from take-off to drop was 32 feet Gin., and that perform- ance I reckon is as good as that of the historical Chandler. In another box wo found the well known groy " lopper" Myrtle, the property of Mr. Alfrod Eales, and the condition of both animals shows that they w11 carry their gallant young owners into foremost places at many meets of the N. H. C. this season. In a yard near tho stable, quiotly munching sugar cane, stood an old dilapidated looking brown mare, which I recognised as Queen Bay, dam of Honeydew. Age ia commencing to tell on tho daughter of Leamington and Fleur-de lis, but she still shows signs of having at one time been a beautiful mare. She was a great performer in her day, having won upwards of twonty-fivo races, and part of her infirmity ia caused by an ac- cident which occurred lo her in a New Zealand steamer. By her side stood a stout big-boned bay colt by Honchman, and as the latter is full brother to Robinson Crusoo, the youngster should be a cut above the common racehorse. At the stables proper wo were joined by the stud groom, Adam Leopold, a very quiet, obliging, and clover man Playing around a sand yard in the full enjoyment of health and good spirits was Honeydow's yearling brother, for whom 700 guineas was recently refused in Sydney. The son of Goldsbrough and Queen Boo is hardly as tall as his speedy brother was at tho same age, but he is thicker and moro muscular, and we look in vain for the straight proppy fore- legs which were troublesome to tho Royal Stakes and Birthday Cup winner. Ho seems a vain gen tloman as ho prances round tho yard for our ad- miration, but at last he stops and shoves his hand- some intelligent head over the gato to bo caressed. He has a very fair neck and beautiful shoulders and is very powerfully ribbed up. His back is short and Btrong, but ho is very narrow over the tail, although his quarters are strong and lengthy. His legs look like steel bars, and his feet appear Tery sound. If breeding and good looks go for anything, tho colt should be the makings of a great horse, and that he may win many race3 for his popular breeder I am sure is the desire of all ganwino sportsmen. If the colt was aduiirod, we all fell in love with a dark chestnut filly, which we 'found in a box in the stable, and which we disco- vered to be a daughter of Henchman and Tho Witch (imp.), by Nuaeham from Sorceress, by Rosierucian fro m Bos Bleu, dam of thoEngliäh Derby winner Bluo Gown. The daughter of such an illustrious line is just what would be expected-a regular aristocrat. She is vory hard coloured with a white blazo down hor beautiful head, and with two white foot. Sho ia one of the long low sort with great arms, thighs, and quarters. Her neck is grandly let into beauti- ful sloping shoulders, and the back and ribs aro strong enough to carry a castle. She is as kind as . a kitten, and I wUl indeed be surprised if she doos not turn out a regular clinker. Further on was Crown Prince, a son of Kelpie and Queen's Head, by Yattendon from Gazelle, by Magus, and conse- quently own brother to Prince Imperial. Crown Princo never raced, as when a two-year-old ho broke his »ff fore log, another item in Mr. Eales' long list of misfortunes, for as a colt he was reckoned the grandest looking in Australia, and 2000 guineas had been rofused for him a f ow weeks before he mot with the accident which debarred him from a turf career. Like his brother ho is chestnut in colour, but is even moro massive, and has power enough for a draught horse. Next Crown Prince we found an old friend in the handsome little New Holland, sire of Storm, and then came the good-looking Henchman, who claims Robinson Crusoe as his brother, and the former should be quite as good a sire as the hero of Defoe's story. In a yard closo by was a well grown bay filly by Henchman from Ophelia, by Hamlet, and her condition and docility, like that of the other youngsters, docs great credit to Leopold. No wonder the Duckenfield yearlings ace always big, strong, and healthy, for the paddocks ara probably the best grassed in the district, the feed being fully a foot high. Crossing a small bridge over a creek we passed through a fence, and carne upon Sugar Plum, a daughter of Old England (who was a regular Brigham Young) and Cassia (imp.), and/ consequently full sister to New Holland. A nice bay filly by Crown Prince was at the mare's side. In the distance I recognised an old acquaint- ance in Beatrice, and the black daughter of Golds brough has a, sturdy brown Henchman colt with her Giazmg quietly near by was a very well shaped lion orful filly by Henchman out of Pepper- mint, which will shortly be bioken m and tried, and with her as a mate vi as Crystal, looking very bad after the aceidcnt which occasioned the death of the jockey Tlnnagan at the late Hawkesbury meeting The daughter of Chrysolite has taken her adieu of the turf, and will be put to the stud next season Rolling m the mud on the riverbank I was the good-looking maio Rose, a daughter of Maribyrnong and Jessie, ind staring anxiously at his dam was a mee little colt by New HoUand Fuithti afield was Mcimaid, by Barbarian from Maid of tho Like, an old Lee mare, with afine filly by Crown Prince I like this maie'a breeding greatly, and Sir Heietilf-s blood is on both sides of the filly's pcdigiee Meditation, by Lord of Lynne from Reflection, was the next we came across, but she had no foal, having nut, ed foi three years Then caine Syion, a daughter of flying Pieman, with a chestnut fillj ly Ciown Prince, and Lollypop, by Maribyrnong ii om Cassia (imp), in company with a, colt by Henchman, was laz'ly browsing neai by Then wo carno upon the imported maie Banvie, a big sla hin_r biown dame with «lute feet and faeo, followed by a grand colt by Crown Prince with the fine head of his dam. Banvio is a daughter of Blair Athol and Duchess, by St. AlbanB from Bay Celia, by Orlando, from Touchstone, a family which has produced such performers as Tho Earl and The Duke. Bauvie is half sister to Maximilian, who cost 4000 guineas a3 a yearling, and who won the Liverpool Cup and other races. I lingered by I this groat matron until called to look at Queen's Head, dam of Prince Imperial. She is a fine, big, roomy bay daughter of Yattendon and Gazelle, and is consequently full sister to the gallant old Reprieve. Queen's Head carried Sir Hercules Robinson's Zetland spots very well on two or three occasions, but I was moro interested in the big leathering bay colt which trotted by her side, and which I guessed rightly was a son of my favorite, Goldsbrough. I do not protend to be a judge of foals, but this colt ought to bo a good one. This spot seemed to be full of celebrities for wo soon disturbed Cerito, by Yattendon from Quick- step, by Lugar (imp.), dam of Bristol, and she had a black full brother to that speedy gentleman with her. Tornado, by tho imported Gang For- ward from Typhoon, who was bred in South Australia by the late Sir Thomas Eldor, passed by with a bloodlike Henchman filly, and in a corner of the paddock was the handsome and well bred Eng- lish mare Wildfire, a daughter of Wild Oat3 and Dynamite, by the defunct Musket. This mare is dam of Red and Black who made her debut at the late Newcastle mooting, but is this season mother loss, having dropped a dead foal to Henchman last year. With bur was the well-named Queen of Beauty, a small daughter of Balmoral and Quail The handsome big chestnut mare The Witch (imp.) was much admired, and then came Glenahoo, a full sister to Mr. Tait's wonder, Glencoe, and dam of Glen tilt. Two mares who seemed to chum togethor turned out to be Pell Moll's sister Lady Lilliard, and Audacity, by Talk of the Hill from Nancy. I nover saw a two- year-old filly I liked better than Chryso- phrase, but she turned out t bit of a rogue and was taken off the turf. She has grown into a fine maro now. and trallooed bv with a New Holland foal at foot. It will be remembered that Chrysophrase is a daughter of Rapid Bay and Chrysolite, and that she is one of the survivors of tho firo at Duckenfield, which destroyed Roberto, Ragman, etc. Out in the centre of the field, quietly munching tho thick grass, were Frivolity (by Talk of tho Hill from Levity), Ophelia (by Hamlet from Typhoon) with a chestnut colt by Henchman, the crippled Pepper- mint, Crown Jewel (by Henchman from Queen's Head), and Stormbird, a black sister to the good old AVranglcr. Away further was Dolly Arardon and some others, but we had seen the picks of the basket, and I am sure no stud in the colony has better marc3 than Banvie, Queen's Hoad, Wildfire, and Queen Bee. We made our way back through the thick greon natural carpet to the stables, and in a yard adjoin- ing wo found three or four yearlings which had been lately added to the list preparatory to being broken in. One was a very level, well matured chestnut son of Henchman and Beeswing by Cos- sack ; the next was a speedy looking bay colt by Crown Prince from Vexation, dam of the flying Storm. This colt has lately been purchased by Mr. James Chambers, Morpeth. About tho best in the yard, to my fancy, was a big, loose inado, chestnut son of Henchman and Glenshee. Another proof of Mr. Eales' run of bad luck stood in a yard close by in the shape of a brown colt by Goldsbrough from Banvio, who had hurt his back when a foal, and is now pretty well useless. On our way to tho house we met a boy leading old Chrysolite on her way to the stables for the night. The grand old daughter of Stockwell and Juliet is now 23 years old, but despite that fact she still looks blooming and healthy, and has yet a mouthful of fino toeth. By her side trotted a beautiful big chestnut Bon of Crown Prince, who was foaled on the 31st December last, but is very well grown for all that. No need to praise the little fellow's breeding, for Juliet's family has produced moro winners of big races then any other in Australia, whilst on the opposite side ho has strains of the gallant old Kelpie, the mighty Yattenden, etc. Last but not least, for he is nearly l8 hands high, came Glentilt (a son of Rapid Bay and Glenshee), who has lately broken down, and would make a grand stallion for station use. Then we had a look at the famous Duckenfield garden and the dairy, which is under tho chargo of Mr. John Eales, jun., and of which he is specially proud. Being an enginoor by profession, ho has brought machinery to his aid wherever possible, and has in use a cream separator, which serves it3 j purposes admirably. The scene from tho front of Duckenfield House ÍB picturesquely beautiful, and it was particularly BO on tho day of our visit, for Nature had lent her aid in decorating hill and dale with a rich green covering, broken here and thero by bush land, clusters of cottages, and tho silvery Bheen of the somewhat swollen river. After a short chat with the genial proprietor, and a mouthful of real " old mountain dew," we closed a most enjoy- able visit, and made our way home through tho gathering gloom. I understand that the Newcastle Jocksy Club in- tends having a day's racing on tho 9th Novombor next. I think it will be a long time beforo tho i racing men of Coalopoliß have a four day's meeting , again. It was bad policy sandwiching the Sheffield Handicap for two days between the races, for it made the expenses of horse owners much larger, and if the Jockey Club had taken my advice at the outset there would have boen no footrace. The turf of Australia has seen its last of Match- lock and Bon Accord, for the colts have been bought for a Prince of Dacca (India) by Mr. C. B. Lowe. The price paid for the former was 1000 guineas, and the son of Musket and Onyx should be well worth it, for there are few better horses in the land of the coral strand than the winner of two Derbies and a Champion Race. It is said that Lord Carrington is going to import a racehorse from England to stretch the necks of our colonial cracks. An American buyer has boen making overtures for the purchase of Tom Brown, and as a very liberal offer has been made for the son of old Kelpie and Happy Thought it is not at all improbable he will cross over to the United States, where of course ho will go to the stud. Did it over strike my friends of Northern raca clubs that a great and siniplo swindle - aid be perpetrated under their eyes, and no one be a whit the wiser except the worker of the job ? At all country race meetings all the horses must of comae weigh out, but only the first two or three horses arc scaled in, weight being given to the others. What is to prevent the man who saddles a very hot favourite from ringing a chango in the cloths or even saddle after weighing out, and plantin« a couple of stone of lead about the horse? The jockey can even bo kept out of the secret, he docs his best to win, the horse cannot with his additional burdon, finishes out of a place, and is never called upon to "voigh in, so that the swindle romains un discovered. All horses should be weighed ia a3 well as out. Kit Nubbles, who was considered to have a very good BIIOW in the last Molbourno Cup, has chane-iu? hands, ¿EloO bomg tbe price, and Mi A Hyman bookmaker, the purchaser Tho Newcastle ped, R K Campbell, and J O'Loughlin ha/o been matched to îun a quarter of a milo in the coaly city, on the 3id Julj, for .£50 a side O'Loughlin comes norn New Zealand where he has met and defeated Campbell over the same distance Mr R Hewson, of Coonamble, has pui chased Firfat Game, and tho son of Giandma3ter is now in Biennan's stable I understand that Honoydew's brother will be given by the Hon John Eales to Mr James Mayo to train The latter has now in work for tho Squire of Duel enfield Emerald, a nice little son of Chrysolite, and the useful Myall King Mr Mayo is painstaking, clever and honorable, and mil do the horses justice No one would grumble much if tho good luck of Mr Eales had as long a run as Ins bad The hurdle hoiso Hnssar, mjurod at tho late Rosehill meeting, had to be de»troyed The horse was placed under chloroform by Dr Corhs who then tried to reduce tho hurt, bnt failed ' The Auckland Race Club are making arranoo monta for the establishment of a prize ofü2000 for a throe mile race The sum is to bo subscribed conjointly by the five principal Now Zealand clubs and tho race will borun m turn at different placoa ' The American walker C Harnman, and our own wobblor Billy Edwnds, have mule a raitth to walk six days for ¿C200 a side, tho winner also t« take three parts of the gate money In his new book on the i ar-ehorso Mr AVillmm Diy tolls a stoiy of a horse 1 olongmg to Mr Sadler which jumped a flight of hurdles stood up endways, which is nine feet I behove horses hay» cleaied 7 feet, but I would cousidoi thatthom m who told mo the 9ft story had moro imagination than truthfulness in his eh »ractcr A horse must not b« a dunce to clear 4tt Cm , but fancy another fonc« the samo height clapped on top of that' Day, however, only gives the yara on hearsay Old Mata's long career bos at length boon ended by a bullet, as the incient son of Dead Sh»t had become so infirm that he had to bo destroyed In his day ho IVOR prob ibly the lsoat horso this sido of tho lino It will be remomberid that ho was heavily bael ed for the Melbourne Cup won by Grand TI inner but ran nowhere At th* samo mooting, however, he won the Roj ii I uk Stakes, and the rovers ii of form b mg loo great to pa^s unnoticed he was disqualifiai He was usod as a hack in Melbourne for a short time, an 1 then b( it Progress for tho Adelude Cup carrying %t 91b Ho was. a gelding and consequently left no stoel to keop his niouiory gi eon News is to hand that the gieat rionch filly Plaisanterie, who fairly electrified English uptntli men by the way fahe won tin Ce-, irewiteh and OTm bri Igcolnre Stakes, has brol en down The Prince of Wales' eldest son h,is male his debut on the tmf, his horse Paddy having rnn second for the Subaltern's Cup at a late race moot ing at Aldershot tVe often hear îomarkablo stone-, of the longevity of lioiscs but I have just read a tale lehting then to M Inch tales the cak-> It Ort o->t 1 itcly Su A?lill ira Clail e b mantger 1 stioyel a mara and gelding -which weie Î2 ind 36 yens old Li t yeir it the same placea io in m ne gave up the ghost at the good old ago of 'H' ye us Miss Juiiimy, who won the Bud uihn m Stakes, Ono Thousand Gumc it. and O iks was f llowcd home second on each occisión by Vrgo Niius Rither i strmgc confinnition of publie foi ni Country secretarios of lace club^ should be more careful in compiling their programmes In add; tion to the time honoured clause * throe mtiies <ir no rai-e, half milo fluttt 1 s ate bocoming popuhi notwithstanding th it both mo in opjiositioii to th« A J C rules which the clubs use The half mi!« Scramble at Newcastle ere iti d gi oat dissatisf a bon, and now I notice that my Raymond len ace fnondi h ive i similar item on tnen bill of fare Rule 11 say^> " I'hiec ye ir olds and upwards shall not run leos than six furlongs for any race If they do not meet in any of tho îounds I think tho first four mon in the Botany Handicap iull he Dovey, Puce, Checkley and I J Gnihtlis Iho erection of buildings etc , on the new cour*« of the Northern Joekey Club, at Rutheiford, is prognsoing vol y satisfactorily, and when finmhod the spot should bo one of the best convincing grounds in the colony It is expected thit the first mci ting will bo held in August but I fancj it will bo much 1 itcr than that Thit good Now Zealand performer, the wall named Salvage (by Castaway), bioke Ina tog recently, and h id to be destroyed Hunting seems to bo g unmg in populanty in the colony, which now boosts of two first-class mstitu tions for the support of tho game in the N li C and the Cumberland Club It is expected tint his Excelloncy Lord Carrington will don son lot at meotB of these during the season, and if he does his presence should givo a gre it lilip to the sport In oidor to place the finances of the Cumberland Club on a sound basis that genuine spoifcsman, Mr I Peiry, has promised to contribute ¿C100 it foui others can be found to do likewise On Thursday morning whilst working at Rand wiek the racehoise Sir Garnet ran oil into a fence and disabled himself J Hicks and E Wilson two nmton faimers, run 140 yards level, at the place named on June 12, for J615 a side Tho Bullahdelah Sheffield Handicap has fallen through, owing to paucity of entiles Thepiomotou attach som» blame to the Lower Hunter Turf Clnb fnr fln«bincr with them but I think the tru« IUr CJUBUlLrç VY1UU LUtUJ, uuu ^. u u " ~ " "_ reason ia that Bulladelah is so fal .iwiy front i mining centres, and too much time would be lost getting there and back It is hoped, IIOWOTOT, the event will tako place on some future date Monday next, before noon, will be a busy time with hoi se owneis, entries closing for the Hawkesbury Handicap, Metropolitan Stakes, County Purse, the Caulfield Cup, and Melbourne Cup, besides windi many weight for age and classic laccb aie on tïï« list Two Newcastle printers, M Beahan and 13 J. Woh h, run 100 yards at AVaiatah to day for .210 I attorsall's Grand National meeting takes pine» at Randwick to day The ludge's verdiets may read The Grand National Huidle Race-Raven, Winter Stakes- Corday oi Soi eil i, Steopleeli is» Studley, Flying Handicap-Mackay oí iirstOame Reginald has lately developed a very bi"' leg Harry Grey, of South Austiaha, has issued a challenge to play any Austiahan natue billiards foi 100 a side, or upwaids 