THE STORYTELLER. Behind a Brass Knocker SOKE GRIM BEAUTIES OF BOARDING HOUSK LIFE. CHAPTER XXIIL OXJH FINE WOMAN. ' BEDAD, sir ! ' says one old gentle man, smiting what thigh was left to him. 'Bedad, sir!' I have been compelled to put the marks you find above, because that is all the old gentleman says, and naturally, opening up like that, one would be led to suppose a lot is coming. He is a wicked old gentleman, this of Ours—that is to 6ay, retrospectively tricked, if you can understand. He is not now a formidable old gentleman to look at. His eyes are not quite altogether what they were when William the Fourth was on the throne, nor are bis teeth the same set he wore in the year of the first Great Exhibition He nas to be a very careful old gentleman indeed in these degenerate days, and lives by rule, asking himself at each meal if this or that will be likely to disagree with him. But in his day—in his day, my good young sir—he has been a breaker of hearts, and wrencher-off of knockers pnd bell-pulls to make a note of. When the»Marquis was out and about (in forty-one or two), he was out and about likewise, and was numbered high among the ' out-and-outers '—if we may take his word for it. What days those wore, and what a dawg was he Hie Finish î I believe you. The Sluiceryî I should think so. JesHop's? Bather. The Pir. ? Most likely. The Judge and Jury, the Coal Hole, the Cider Cellars, Evans's, the Duke's, Scott's, Barnes's, Quin's, the Adelaide, Mott's—Caudwell's even? Was he 4M there—here, there, and every where t Well, from what he says, ] don't mind telling you, he was very much so indeed. How he chuckled as he ran through his little anecdotes of those wild days when Lola danced, when Heald came into his money, when Jullien led, when Carlotta bounded, before the Viscount dyed his whiskers, when the I)uke wore a blue coat and white trousers, and paid morning calls in Brompton Square ! Do the ghosts of dead and gone waiters, open-handed attendants, cringing go-betweens,keepers of back stairs—trucklers base, and shabby, and despicable—ever long to fevisit the haunts where the money flowed and the wine was spilt, and the foolish hours laughed away If they do, and come, can you imagine them shivering in bleak open spaces, looking for what the Board of Works has cleared away, their flesbless fingers clutching the air where badly-gotten gold and silver ought to be ? Poor luckless ghosts ! there are no naughty places now-a-days, nor naughty folks to fill them. We are all good, God bless us ! • Bedad, air ! ' says the old gentleman. This exclamation bursts from him when first he sets his eyes on our Fine Woman, and I, for one, am not surprised at it AÎ an old gentleman of terrible experience, 1 think I should rather like to hear what he thinks. Our Fine Woman is a delightful surprise to us. We were just about then somehow or other, getting to be a little mouldy. The two nice girls who stayed here a month ago are now gone. The other widow has left, Things were dull ; we wanted a widow badly, and now, thank goodness ! she has come. " Mr. Weller, senior, bade his son beware of widows, and he was right. The last widow we had here was dangerous, but nothing to this one Before this widow has been in the house a week all our genttemen are madly in love with her. Poor little Mite smiles a pinchedup smile as she looks on. It is not bad for business. It keeps the gentlemen together and at home of an evening indulging in extras. Since the new widow has been here there has even been less eaten at dinner—the drink does not come out of Mite's pocket. • Tes, we are I own, in a maudlin condition as regards the new widow. She is a ' monstrous fine woman, ' she ą a showy woman, a stylish woman, a a woman of die world, no! inexperience^ a Good gracious f surd ! It can't be ! Impossible ! Yes, it is ! (Tobe Continued) superior woman,—not exactly a pretty woman, perhaps, but what may be called a man's woman. The female division sniff derisively. They have a thousand faults to find .with her. She is all art, all artificiality, ąnd as for the paint and the powder !* Ugh f Sometimes I look from her to 'Melia, Mrs. Mite's daughter, our Hussy— how unlike and yet! how alike ! There ia powder and paint in both oases, and some experience. Do - they- love one another f I think bot! but I may have something to Śay About (hat presently. Meanwhile, wéare to aman grovel ling at thé feet of the widow. Lord, how we are beginning to hâte one another ! Angry lords' have over and over agun arisen. Anon, maybe, we shall come to blows f Shë has a smile for all, but which of us does die favour most 1 Has she a heart to lose ?» and if so— Ab- 