Woes of a Fat Man. I am a fat man—abnormally fat. My weight is 21 atono 0 pounds avoirdupois. Any one who has ever been in the fat man business can appreciate my woes and trou bles, for they are as many as the huirs on a cow’s tail. Trouble seems to have been born the day X was, and to have selected me for its one -victim. All through my life 1 have boon beset with care and worry, from the time 1 waa a small boy until now. Thank God, 1 am getting old, and, though 1 grow* fatter each year that 1 advance to the jump ing-off place, l am slowly and surely coming to the time when people will ask, “ What has become of old lard bucket!” As early as I cau remember I was fat. When 1 was a school bby my companions used to call me “ Fatty,” aud wouder that my flesh did not burst my clothos. Now that 1 am older it is just the same. People wonder whafc 1 cat, Tuo fact is my appetite is very poor ; but the less 1 eat the more 1 grow* lama living paradox. Once I tried “anti-fat.” but it only made mo sweat harder, and my ribs grow! more and more indistinct. My troublo conmoncea the mo ment I awake in the moriiiig, 1 usually find myself on my back, so all, 1 do is to just start myself rolling and roll out of the bed. I have an inclined plane slit up iu front of the bed,so that 1 do not laud on the floor abruptly, but roll down sinvly aud easily. Hut tho greaUst dillicultv is iu getting to iny feet. S jmotimes this little feat occu pies several minutia. Now my troubles commence in earnest. 1 lave to dress my self, aud anyone who could stand by and see the operation won ip be immensely amused. 1 don't muse nuch though ; it's all labor for me. 1 get ujy clothes on with fair success and a great consumption of time, up to the point oi putting on my shoes. Then the fun commence). I haven't seen my feet, face to face, in (twenty years; l don’t have any idea how they look. But putting on those shoes is tho curse of my existence. Sometimes t wtar button shoes, ami the expedients I adopt to get those in fernal buttons into their Woles are wonder ful. I fasteu a button-hojik to the end of a cane sometimes, but that don’t result as well as a work of art, 1 ttanble and flounce about the floor ami bed, getting the upper hand of my shoes in a mfutner that resem bles the struggles of a iisl out of wat ?r. At last I get them on anti till; prayer of thanks giving that goes up to Jenven is recorded among the sacred documents. When 1 no down stairs my wife usually asks me if 1 have been having a wicstle with a ghost. She says 1 have jarrec] the plaster down, have frightened the neighbors, made the milkman inquire if her husband had started a carpet-beating establishment on the second floor and raised (Jain generally, “Well, my dear, how is your appetite this morning?” asks the wife of my bosom as 1 sit down to the table. This is exas perating wheu she knows lhat all L will eat is a piece of flsh with an air accompani ment, a small cup of coffee with wind sauce, “ My dear, my nppctiio is good,’’ 1 reply ; “so good tliat 1 think 1 can cat a whole beau,” “ IJcnu drinking before breakfast again. I see,” says she. Then L uollapse. I cant’t sfaml puns. 1 s'artdown town (o my business. Hailing a trura-car, I notic- it doesn't slop. The next one I catch, and urn informed, when 1 at tempt to go through the door and got stuck, that that is not tho fat man's Hue. This makes me mad, and with a rush and a push from tho conductor, I am crowded through, but uimaliy the door-posts give about six inches in the operation. Pufliug, and pulling my torn clothes together, 1 sit down. “Bay, can’t you be satisfied with four whole seats?” some one growls, l look around, and sure enough f aui crowd ing the only four passengers in tli-j car. I hear a young lady giggle to her com panion : “Guess the circus is coming, the side show has got here," The sailor sitting next her mumbles to his neighbor : “ What fine ballast such bags of fat would maku for a.Hailing vessel.” By this time tie; ear has reached my corner, and t yell to the con ductor. He sees me, but only grins. Again I ye 1 that I want to gut oil', and lie sticks in his lirad and suyB, “ We’re goiug right around to the shops, and tuou I’ll have one side of the ear taken ulf so you can get out.” L looked at myself, anti, Bure enough, I had begun to swell. Then, when I start to walk over to my offloe, my friends accost me with the saluta tion, “Weil, how are you to-day? S-.cms to me you are looking thinner than usual,” If I ever want to commit murder it is then. Why will men t»ill me such an infernal lie as lhat? How can I be growing thinner when my weight is fast increasing ? Pretty soon a man will come around and inquire for me, and, after talk tug over tho weather and fe ling around and finding out what humor l am in, broaches hia errand. He is a dealer in cigars, and wauls me to pose be fore a wood carver while an imago is made of me for a sign. He is very much in want of that kind of a sign, and I am just the mail to be the model. In lass time than l take to tell it, that man's family is father less. By and bye another ranu calls and he is in the toy trade. He thinks a toy in re presentation of me would take well. I toy a few minutes with him. and he nuver calls, ft gain. So they continue to come. Some are advance agents for circuses and want to hire me to stand at the front door aud take tickets. They think 1 will draw so well. They get drawn oirectly. My pity for such men is small. One day not long ago I was walking along the street in front of nn eating- house, the cook-room of which was under the pave ment, Just at that point l stepped on a banana skin and camo down. Tn*s concus sion was great. The cook and the assistants and all the customers iu the plwe r>t the time rufksd out to the stieeU Said they thought the building was going to fall. A policeman wanted to arrest mu, but l only asked for a rest, The crowd saw something funny j.bout this aud lusse-i h*m off. Two or three then helped me to iny feet ami 1 went my way sorrow ing. At all the hotels 1 ever stopped at they charged me double rate. They say it is necessary on account of the room aud board l take. It is a base slimder, but l have to stand it. When the day draws to a dose 1 gratefully start home, Uemombcring my ditHcuUy with the street car in the morning, l con clude to walk home. Greetings of all kimla couiro upon tlio fat man as I go along ; I won’t try to name thorn. Wncu I roach homo, punting from my work walking up the hill, my wife smiles upon mo, ami sings out, “Ah, here’s my little boy I” 'J'lmt makes me tremble with rage. Sarcasm is not my hold, so 1 hold my tougue. The time to entertain her company has now come, and that is misery of the deepest kind. They want rue to join in games and to make an ass of me generally by trying to flop and tumble around. I have tumbled to their game, and 1 hie me away to bed. Soon I fall asleep and dream of henven, where all the angels are men ns thin as lightning rods and there is no such misery as fat to mar the joy of the place. 