THE RACING. The day's affairs had a commencement with the Melbourne Stakes, and as there came from those numbered 011 tho card such horses as Sheet Anchor, Boolkn, Isonomy, Industry, Lord William, Bravo, Tamarisk and Crossfire the field may he reckoned one of the best that ever disputed possession of a similar prize. Isonomy very deservedly held the call on the quotations, hut Sheet Anchor had him within » peint in public estimation, and there were others, despite the " bar plates " she ran in, who pinned their faith to the constant, though " dry " look ing, Crossfire. Tho mnch improved Bravo did not lack admirers, neither did Lord William, but Industry was friendless. The fittest horses of the lot were, perhaps, Isonomy, Boolkn, Bravo, Lord William and Sheet Anchor, but some of them never appeared to have a show, and probably more than one went for a gallop. In the race Lord William, Boolka and Isonomy did all the work to the home tnrn, where the first-named cried a go, and the others came on together. Halfway up the paddock Boolka forged out three parts of a length and looked a winner, bnt, Quinn shaking Isonomy np, the Adelaide representative responded with great gameness, and getting on terms in the last conple of stridas made a dead heat of it. Isonomy was ridden in anything bnt artistic fashion, and in more capable hands mnst have won. After consulting, tho owners agreed to run off, and the " decider" came on at tne con clusion of the card. Isonomy was installed favorite at 7 to 4 on him, and when he and his opponent had ran side by side for a mile Boolka cried enough, and the son of Ruby won easily by four lengths, and added still further to his reputation by running the distance ia 2min. lOJsec., which makes tho perform ance a very difficult one to rub -out. The scratching pen had been so busy with the entries for the Hotham Handicap that ot 32 colored on the card only 12 went to the post, among the most important malcon tents being Britisher, Brown and Rose, St. John and The Lcvite. Hexham, owing to his " flying " gallops in private, was sorted out as the good thing of the lot and backed to win a big stake down to 100 to 30 ; but Claptrap, whs was said to be fairiy thrown into the handicap, was also very much fancied, more especially by those immediately connected with him. In the race Salvo, Hexham aud the quietly -supported Lancer occupied the first three places to the home-turn, and at this point Hexham looked like winning, but when well within tbe rails Claptrap shot out as if from the clouds, and settling his opponents in a few strides won with most ridiculous ease by two lengths from the favorite, and he only just beat Lancer. Salvo's followers fancied their show greatly, bnt he was the victim of a slight accident at the home tnrn, and walked in last. Then came the Maribyrnong Plate, and with perhaps two exceptions the whole 18 had fol lowers who were confident of winning. As a general thing, they were a well- conditioned lot of youngsters, Escutcheon, if anything, being rather big; and most money wa» behind tho Hon. James YThitc's filly, Lava. She left the paddock a firm favorite at 7 to 2. Perhaps was next in request at 5 to 1 taken to a lot of money. Despite her penalty of a stone, a largo crowd . stood by the beautiful Adelaide filly, HorteHse, while not a few favored the weedy Mistletoe. The others ia slight de mand were Huntingtower and Bedouin. At the start Mistletoe aud Jcbusite got last away, and were never in- it at uny part. As far as could he seen from the stand, Loyalist, Miranda, HOrtense, Eiperance, Perhaps, Hnnt- ingtower, Oceana, Aberdeen aud Bedouin com prised the f ront d ivisions all the way to the course proper, where Esperanco, running off, ousted her rider and carried Huntingtower with her. Hortense in tho middle of the course came sail ing up the straight in front, stalling off the respective rushes of Perhaps, who cut it un mistakably, Oceana and Aberdeen, and finally won a good race cleverly by half n-length. The judge gave the win as by a full length. Huntingtower, who finished second, was unfor tunate in being interfered with, but for which Mr. Cooper would have won his first Maribyr nong Plate, but the others have no excuse lu advance for defeat, with) the exception cf Lord Carrington's filly. Although sho won, Hor tense was not ridden well, as she was forced along from the jump, having her head always in front throughout the last three furlongs, and just squeezed home cleverly. In many quarters the win was called an easy one. A better per formance among two-year-olds lias nover been seen here, and her determined struggle for victory under the crushing impost of 9st. 51b., during which she never flinched, was a prominent feature of the flayfe sport. She is a remarkably taking filly to look nt, and nothing in the race gives more promise of developing into a Derby or Leger winner. With Sir Thomas Elder rests the; credit of having bred her, and after being bought as ajyearling for 195 guineas she was leased to Mr. C. L. M'Donald, by whom she is trained. On the score of breeding she loses, nothing in comparison with others, being br Gang Forward out of Josephine, both imported, by Tne Palmer from Miss Osborne, by Chevalles dlndustric, and is engaged after the present meeting in the V.R.C. Normanby Stakes and the Oaks. The time of the race (lmin. 7iseo.) was slower tban it has been for many years, bnt no previous winner over carried within 91b. as much weight, aud as tho running ground was covered with a thick coating of long grass and, notwithstanding what may he said to the con trary, was a trifle heavy, the record will bear comparison with any other. No less than seven of the starters haileil from New South Wales, eight represented Victoria, New Zealand had ono in Escutcheon aud Perhaps aud the winner came from Adelaide, As a whole, the 18 runners are not as good as those of several former years, 'but besides the winner Bedouin, Huntingtower, Escutcheon, Loyalist, Aberdeen, Eckerslcy, Esperanco, Oceana and Miranda will probably distinguish themselves most before their careers terminate. Acme and Telephone being withdrawn .from the Derby left seven runners, and of the lot there were not two bettor looking colts than Kingfish and First Consul. The fittest horse of the lot was undoubtedly Trident, who did Mr. Fennelly all sorts of credit. Maddelina also showed signs of having undergone a careful preparation, ditto Volcano, but none of the others appeared .to he wound up, aud Cheshain was short of work|; so were First Consul and Aglaos, but tho last-named is the unfortunate possessor of legs that will never admit of him going through anything approaching a severe preparation. Soon after the start Volcano took up the running, followed by Chesham, Kingfish' occupying third place, in front of Maddelina and Trident, who were apparently waiting on each other, and First Consul was last. These posi tions sufficed for three-quarters of a mile, when Maddelina refused to try and Kingfish being beaten the favorite went into third place. Passing tbe sheds Hales called on Trident, but he was unable to reduce the gap to any extent between himself and the leaders. By the time the homo turn was commenced Volcano was appareutly full of running, aud considering how severe the pac6 had been, was going un commonly well. Before reaching the straight, however, Ellis was seen to bo almost ejected from the saddle, Volcano from some cause or other coming iu contact with the rails, over which he nearly fell, and although Chcsham didn't suffer iu consequence, the accident knocked Trident out of his stride and caused him to lose several lengths. This didn't escape the notice of Chcsham's rider, who seizing the opportunity made the best of his way up the Biraigbt, into which he held an advantage of nearly half a' dozen lengths, and as Robertson was apparently sitting still, while Hales was hard at work on the favorite, a shout from thousands of lungs aro.se hat Trident was beaten. Before reaching the dis tance, however, Chcsham cracked up, and 'Trident finishing with unflinching game- ness, was enabled by his condition to last ont the concluding furlong of a severely run race and won easily by a couple of lengths. When the leaders began the actual racing their followers were left as if auchored, and Aglaos finished in third place 25 lengths behind Chesbatn ; First Consul, who was ridden almost to a standstill, was some lengths away fourth and in front of Kingfish, Maddelina and) Volcauo, who succeeded at long intervals. Nothing hut condition won the day for the brother to Navi gator, whose sides bore unmistakable evideuee how freely Hales bud plied llie 41 hooks " in the ruu home ; and, but for Chcsham stopping a3 fast as he did, it is doubtful if Trident cuuid have got to him. Under all the circumstances Mr. Cooper's colt performed remarkably well, and it may be argued with a good deal of reason that Robertson made too much use of him. and would have displayed better judgment in keeping his brilliant run till well 011 towards the distance post, instead of making it as he did at least n mile away. When Volcano had his show of winning put out by tho accident, he was going well withiu himseif. It is impossible to say how he would havo run, but in the opinion of the majority of the spectators his followers would not havo been able to catch him. First Consul and Kingfish were outpaced from the word 44 go." Aglaos was not forward enough, and Maddelina refusing to race was out of it from the first hull-mile. It is worthy of note that Trident's friends never wavered in their allegiance, aud ho left the paddock with odds of Uu to 40 on him. The uncertain Madde- liua had also a host of frieuds, who supported her down to f> to 1, but the others were com paratively friendless. Trident's victory brings with it one of the most severe blows the mem bers of the ring have received for many years, the colt having been persistently backed throughout tbe winter, aud such a certainty has tho race been voted for hiui for weoks past that the bettiug ou the race was literally paralysed. Smitten hip and thigh have the principal metalliuans been, more especially those whose business transactions arc large, and although a ringing cheer from the stand greeted the New South VYuIcj crack as he piloted his straggliug field home, there was great lamenta tion among the fielders. This is the third Derby within the past tour years won by the lion. James White and the time marie, viz., 2miu. oDscc., isicqual to the previous best on record. So much has been said and writteu of lute about Trident that it is only going over well-trodden ground to repeat it, but it may be remarked again that ho was bred at Tcrara by Mr. Dc Mestre and sold as a yearling to hi9 present owner for 800 guineas. Ho is a remarkably well-bred colt, being by Robinson Crusoe, ouc of the cbainpious of his day, from Cocoanut, by Milliorne. from Miss Yiviau, by Rattle, aud may be classed as one of tlic most sensational horses of modem limes. Hales having been declared all right by the clerk of tbe scales, the blue ribbon was placed round Trident's neck, and he was led around the lawn, cheer after cheer following the hero of 18SG. A reasonable time having been allowed for the excitement to calm down, eight runners were saddled for the Selliug Plate, The Ghost was made an even money favorite of, but after Huron and Stafford had been 111 the lead all tbe way- to the turn, the former forged out aud won re ry easily from the favorite, and be just got home in front of Stafford. The winner was afterwards bought in for £280, the whole of which went to the club. Twenty sported silk for the Coburg Stakes, and supposed certain ties were found in St. John and 'The Nun at d to 1 each, the next most marketable to any ex tent being.Gold-lake and Hogmanay. A shocking bad start robbed tbe race ot its interest, three- parts of the field being left without a show when the flag went down. The outsider Day- star, who jumped off in front with William Tell, won cleverly by a neck from St. John, who would hare won but for losing any num ber of lengths at commencing. ' During the day there was a total absence of unruliness on the part of jockeys ; but Smith, the rider of Lancer in theHotbaniHandicap, was disqualified for the remainder of the meeting for the disobedience he was adjudged guilty of. It »was noticeable by no one else than Mr. Watson, the starter. The racing came off as follows : — WEliBOURSK STAKES. A sweepstakes of 6 soys. each, with 300 sovs. added ; second horse. 50 sovs. from the stake. One mile \- uud a quarter. Mr. Locke's bhlsouoiny. by W interlake — Ruby, 4 yra, 9st (Qoinn) .. — .. ..1 Mr. S, Miller's br h Boolka, by Glorious— Budget, aged, 9st» 4lt>. (Olds) .. .. .. .. 2 Mr . W. B. Boyd's br c Bra vo, by G rand Flaneur— The Orphan, 3 yra,, 7st. 1 lib (Gallagher) .. .. 3 Sheet Anchor, aged, 9st.4Rx (Colley) .. ..0 Grace Darling, 0 yra., 8st.-131b.(G. Williams) .. 0 Industry, 4 yra., 8st. 91b. (Kelso) .. .. 0 Meuottl, 3 yra., 7st. 111b (O'Brien) .. .. 0 Lord William, 3 yra., 7t. lllb(Ncrriker) .. 0 Tamarisk, 3 yrs. 7t. 01b. und 21b. over (HuLes) .. 0 Croseilre, 3 yrs., 76t. Gib. (Bcucc) .. .. 0 Betting : 3 to 1 Isonomy, 4 to 1 Sheet Anchor, 5 to 1 Crossfire, 8 to I Bravo, 10 to 1 Booth a. Industry, Meuottl and Lord William. After a slight delay the word was given to a good start, of wbioli Boolkn, Isonomy and Menotti were first- to take advantage, the lost to leave being Sheet Auchor and Bravo. BooUca, forcing out, led down the river , half a length in front of Lord William, tho remainder being pretty close together, while Grace Darling was last. Passing tho bridge Lord William joined Boolka, and side by aide they begau to make the pace merry, Isonomy bring in their wake and just heading Sheet Anchor and CrobSilre. A little farther ou Lord William took up. the running aud led Crossfire half a lengLhpast the abattoirs, Sheet Auchor being a similar distance away third, while Boolka had fallen back with Isonomy. The three leaders were heads and tails past the sheds, but half a furlong nearer home Sheet Anchor sailed in front aud led Isonomy half a length into the straight, Grace Darling going iuto third place, with Lord William and Boolka at his girths; but Crossfire was beaten. Within the rails Sheet Anchor drow clear of isonomy, and was joined by Boolka ; but the lirstnamod was soon after done with and retired below the distance. Jiere Isouoiny made his run aud, catching Boolka 200yds from home, tbe pair catne clean away from their field, and after a bitter struggle, In which they were locked together, the judge declared it a dead heat. Bravo was four lengths off third, and then came Lord Wllliain, Sheet Anchor and Hcuotti, the lost to finish being Grace Darling and Tamarisk. Time. 2mln. lS!|see, . Owing to tho refusal of the owners to divide ttyc stake, ,tlie dead-heaters ran off after tho last race, when Isonomy was wade favorite ut 7 to 4 on. He jumped away iu front ut the fall of the Hag, and Boolka closing up to his girths later.on, they ran side by side all the way to the home turn, wheu Isonomy gradually drew out aud wou rather easily at the ftwiah by four lengths. Time, 2min. lOjjscc. nOTUASl HANDICAP, \- Of 300 sovs. One mile and a-half and a distance. Mr. J. Wldtlngham'B b hClaplrup, by Tim WUiifier —Talkative, aged,, 7st. (iiuiumage) .. ..1 Bon J. White's cli h Hexham, ;by Goldsbrough — Goldfinch, 4 yra, 7st. (Huxley) .. .. 2 Mr. J. B. Smith's b g Lancer, by -Westminster— Linnet, 6 yrs, 7st. 101b. (6 with) .. .. 3 Bingtnaster, 4 yra., 8st. (Moore) . . . , . . 0 Silver King, 5 yra, 7t. 71b. (Gough) .. ..0 First Prince, 4 yra., 7st. 2lh. (Bandera) .. .. 0 Leahja, aged, 7st. 21b. (Uedfern)., .. .. 0 Bemns, 4 yra, 7st, and lib. over (Brown) .. 0 Salvo, 5 yra, Gst. 111b. (tiorry) .. .. 0 Genoe, aged, ffst, 101b. (Cox) .. .. .. 0 The Feneii, 4-yra, Got. 8lb. (Cracknel!) . . . . 0 Fish 0fc> liver, 4 yra, Ost. 71b. and lib. over (John son) .. .. » « .. 0 ' Betting : 7 to 2 . Hexham, 5 to 1 r. Claptrap. 6 to 1' v. Lancer, 7 to 1 v, Pencil and First Prince, 10 to 1 v. Lesbia and Salvo. A long delay occurred at the post before the flag-went down to a raitliug good start, and Salvo, betes? quickest on bis legs, jumped out in front of Bingmaster, next to them being Lesbia ; but passing the stand Hexham went into second iplace and wus leading Inucer a length, after him coming Lesbia aud Fish o1 Silver, the rear being brought up by Claptrap and First Prince. Very tittle alteration resulted round the first turn, but going along by tho river only a ueck separated Salvo, Hexhaiu and Lancer, who were running in that order, and tho others were in a cluster. Approaching tlic bridge licxham took np tbe running and led Salvo a leugth along the far side, Lesbia, Pencil atidM-ancer heading' the others, and First Priuce got rid of -his rider. Sal voi joined Hcxliam at -the sheds, and with Lesbiu at their girths they carried on the lead on to tho home turn, their liearest attendants beiug Pencil and UUptrup. Withiu the rails Hexham aguiu showed a bold front; but .below the -distance Claptrap put lu his claim, and, drawing away at every stride, won with ridiculous ease from Hexham, who just got'honio in front .of Lancer. Pencil was fourth, followed by tillvcr King and ltiugmoster, Fish o Silver being last. Time, 2min. 62£seo. Salvo was run into ut the turn and walked lu. ' THE MAHIBYIINOKO PLATE. A Bweepstakti of 10 sovs. each with 1000 sovs. added ; second, UuO sovs. ; aud third, 200 sovs. from the . stake, for two-year-olds. Colts, 8st. lOib. ; fillies, ' 8at. 61b. ; geldiups allowed 61b. Five furlongs. Mr. C. L. M'Dunuld's b f ilortenso, by Gang For ward — Josephine. 141b. penalty (Campbell) .. 1 " Mr. D. Cooper's br c Huutlngtower, by Darehin — Atholteo (Kelso) .. .. .. ..2 Hon. W. Tearsoti's: br c .Bedouin, by Darriweli— Black Gipsy (Power) .. .. 3 Mututuauu (Hughes) .. ... .» 0 Kwsex (APOmth) 0 Kaeu'tcueon (O'Brien) .. .. .. .. 0 Albert Lodilou (Drowu) ».« .. 0 Jcbusite (Williams) .. .. 0 Loyalist (Walker) .. .. .. .. 0 Aberdeen (Kills) .. ... .. .. 0: Perhaps (<)ulmi) .» .. 0 Mistletoe (Fiddw) .. .. 0 Fuuoy Free (Williams) .. .. « 0 Kckcralcy (Oollcy) . .. ' 0 lisperance (Wbitteg) .. .. - .. 0 Lava (Hales) .. .. .. .. .. 0 Oceana (M'Gradc) .. .. 0 Miranda (Robertson) .. .. .. 0 Betting : 7 to 2 lava, 6 to l.Perhaps, i7- to 1 Hor- teuse and Mistletoe, 10 to I Buntingtower, Miranda, Bedouin t-and- .Aberdeen, 12 to !. Bsperance. When the fluid-took up their places at the post, and it wus not without some difficulty that thoy were got together, Miranda occupied a positiou on the extreme \- next to her- being Escutcheon, Bsperance, Loyalist and Oceana. In the centre of the course wore Ktecx, Rckeraley, Bedouin and Horteusc side by side, while nearest -the outside rails ste -1 Jcbasite. They were a welt behaved lot with the exception of Mistletoe, who pinyed up at the post, and without a great-deal of trouble the flag dropped to a very fair start, all jumping well away, With the exception of Mistletoe aud Jot nsito. The first to break the line were Loyalist aud Miranda, who drew out together near the rails, 11 arte use doing ditto in the middle of the course, bnt before reaching the tun gallop Ksper- unco ou the middle was leading in front of Perhaps, Jluutingtower, U or Loose, Miranda ami Albert LoJdou, all of which appeurcd abreast, though spread out. A little further ou Ksperance shifted otf the lino of rnuniug, and after interfering with Uimtingtower threw her rider and gave Uortonsc aud I'crliups au advantage, which they maintained to the -com mencement of the course proper, where Hedouiii, Oocanu, "Miranda aud Aberdeen were all heads anil mils, and each one showed prominently, limiting tower, whom Kelso had got straight again, being at the head oi tho others. Before reaching the distance Perhaps shot up and llortunse drew out a clear half length over Uceaua and Aberdeen, who were almost tide by side, and attended by Bedouin and Hunting- tower, Kckcrsley on the ouUido and Lava occupying forward places. Of the lot mentioned the first beaten wj8 Oceana, and Bedouin and Aberdeen closing on HorUmso at the half distance Aberdeen looked every inch like a winner. It was merely - an expiring effort, however, aud he soon retired, Jluutingtower dropping into his place. A hundred yards from home Bedouin and Jluutingtower drew up to the leader's girths and tho iriu begun to fight the finish out amoug them; but Hortctmc (who hud been allowed uu uninterrupted run all through) hunted longest in obedience to his rider's final call and won cleverly, if not comfortably, from Iluntiugtower by a long neck, though the official dis tance was returned ut a length. Bedouin was only beaten by a length for mound place, aud Jaiva-wos fourth iu front of her .stable companion Aberdeen, the others finishing iu Utis.ordcr: — ILekcrsluy, Oceana. Perhaps, Mntuinaua. I'unoy . I'ree, Loyalist, Albert Loddou, Miranda, Jebusltc, Mistletoe and Eisux. Time, liulu. 7 j&cc.; Hortcuse, who is a full sister to First Consul, was bred In Adelaide by »lr Thos. Elder, ami sold ns a yearling to Mr. Jiogg fur 196 guineas. She was got by Gang Forward (imparted) from-Josephiue (imported), by The Palmer, iler dam was Allss Osborne, by Chevalier dVludustrie. Amongdicr performances are winning the Caolficld- Foul Stokus-and Muribyrnoug Plate, for which latter she carried 141b. penalty. Among her engagements are tho V.U.C. Normatiby Slaket aud the Oaks. PLACED IIOHaKH FOR THE MAltl HYUONO PLATE. g First. Eccond. Third. J3 H H lSrs.Steckbridgo .. Jacko .. Mcnindic: .. 1.9 1874 Maid of AU Richmond Kismet .. 1.9 Work 1876 Nuwmliwtor Aiding ..Sovereign .. 1.8 IKrclllabcna .. Expectation .. Needle .. l.'l 1877fTnlcau ,. 11 U Lordship Ruodee .. 1,7 1878lNeJlie . . The Burotic.ss Gainsborough. 1.5 187a|lWmyra j DoadUait '-1 13!i0 Uvmk j .. SpiunlncJato. 1.5J J681 iiegeiihoo ..Navigator ..Guesswork 1.4 1882 Narina .. K'itigsdale .. Lvly Jcrvois. . 1.41 1883 lolanlhu .. King's Own .. David .. 1.2A 188-1 Newstead . . Monte Christo Burrilda .. 1,3 lhSi Acme .. Vbuldclina .. dlalrgowrlo .. 1.4£ il<86 Uortmisft . . llntitlngtower Bedouin ,._1 Tin; vieruKiAN biutnv, A sweepstakes of 25 sovs. each, with (150 sovs. added ; second lou sovs. ami third 60 sovs from tho stake. For throe-yeur-ohis. Colts, Sst. lOILu. ; fillies, 8st. 61b. ; geidings allowed 3 lb. Ono mile ami a-half. Hon. J. White's ch c Trident, by Jtoblitsou Crusoo— Uoeoauut ( Hales j .. ,. .. I Mr. D. Cooper's oh c Chcsliam, by Grand Flaneur — Lidy Chester (Robertson) .. .. ..2 Mr. A. It. Blackwood's oho Aglaos, by Apremout— Aglaia (Power) .. .. .. 3 First Consul (O'Brien) .. .. ..0 KinglLli (AC'Grade) .. .. .. .. 0 Volcano (Ellis) .. .. .. 0 Muddelina (Uullcy) . .. .. 0 Betting : DO to 40 on Trident ; 6 to 1 v. Maddclina ; 14 to 1 each v. Volcano, Chcsham and First Consul ; 20 to 1 v. Aglaoj ; 25 to I v. JCiugfLh. As thev stood preparing for tbe start, Chcsham was on the inside, with the favorite next to huu, mul then came Aglaos, First ifbnsul, KiugfisU and Maddolina, whilo widest of all wu Volcauo. With tho exception of First Consul, who broke away several times with O'Brien, they were a quiet lot, and 110 dlificulty was experienced iu sending them ou their journey, Vol cauo and Chcsliam being tho first to jump off, and went past the stand- iu that ordor, Kingfish occupying third place, in front of Madde- liuu, 'Trident and Aginos running side by side next, 'while the mo.it rearward position was hiked up by 1'irst Consul. Volcano went along by Lhu river ut a rare pneo, incrc4isin> his ailvautago over Clicsham to three lengths, two lengths separat ing Kiuglish from the faroriie, who had joined -Mud- tlcliua, aud Aglaos ami FirsLConsul buguu to tail off thus early, iixuetly the oniric order was maintained at the bridge, with the slight .exception that Chealuun had drawn towards Volcano, who, wheu passing the abat toirs, was lc-uling two lengths, and.Kingfish crying u go. Trident went into third place, there being two lengths each between them; but although Colley hud sat.down on Moddulina she refused to try, and gradu ally dropjicd buck towards First Consul, who wus toiling hopelessly ill the rear. Notwithstanding the severity of the pace Volcano was going well with in himself wheu he shot by the sheds with a length advantage over Chcsham, Tridcub being (third about twice that distance away, Kingtlsh running into touth place, but well beaten, and the. riders of the others were each hard at work. There was no appreciable alteration or falling off iu the pace, which haJ all along been very hot, as Volcano made the home turn, but he canuoued ogniust the fence before entering the rails, aud besides treating his rider and himself to a few slight bruises oniy narrowly escaped failing over to the UaI. This contretemps did not interfere with Chesham, who was lying- second, but it did somewhat with Trident, and tho, laci being noticed, by Robertson, who w.i3 an interested observer, he sat down ou Chcs ham, and with a short reminder or two increased bis advantage so much that wheu fairly ou the road home he wus the possessor of a five lengths' lead. Coming towards the distance Chesham hud apparently a trifle in hand, aud a Hales was . seen to draw his whip on Trident a tremendous cry arose that the favorite was beaten. Hulcs's ch&Ueugc; was quickly responded to by Robertson, ami wlmicbonu and steel being plied on reach there was no appreciable lessening of the gap iu the first half furlong, ami the issue resolved itself hito a question of condition. Neither however relaxed his efforts, and both riding with a llercu determination the terrible struggle which was going ou had no end of interest for the multitude of onlookers. By this time the lenders had raced olouu away from their followers, ami on they came stride for btride ; but no sooner had the carriage paddock been reached ttiau Cheehaui's lack of conditiou allowed itself, and, compounding quickly, he begun to climb as ouly a beaten horse can. Trident had uot yet drawn up level, but Hales, noticing his udvautngo, redoubled his perseverance, and beiug backed up by the unflinching dcterminatiou of the favorite passed Chcshum 150yds. from home and beat hint cleverly by two leugths. Mr. Cooper's <-o.t. who was terribly dis tressed, almost staggered in 25, lengths iu front of Aglaos. First -Consul, who was ridden right out, finished fourth, and Kingfisb fifth, Moddoliuu beiug near the distance post and iu front of Volcano. Time, ZmiiL 39scc. PKIIPOlUtAMCBS OF THE "WINNER. The chestnut colt Trident, who was bred by Mr. IB. De Mestre, was got by Robinson Crusoe from Cocoa- nut (imp.), by Nutbouruc out of Miss Viriau, by Rattle, ami has performed as follows - At twu years, Baud wick Summer: WonCbriHtmasUiit, H-mUea, UsL 61b., finite. Usee., Kathleen D-:t..2lb. second, Cross fire ,-5it. 101b, third. Fiemingtoxi Autuinu : Third in Sires Produce Stakes, three-quarters of a mile; carry- teg 8st. 10lb., won by ModdcUim, 8st. 71b.; second iu All-Aged Stakes, one mile, Ust. 121b.,- wan by Madde- Una, tiiit.-lfilo. Bondwick Autumn : YTon Sires Pro duce Stakes, seven furlongs. 8st. 101b. iu linin, 29sec.t Tamarisk- 8st. Slb.t secouct,' My Lord- 8st. Jluib. third, nowhere in Champagne Stakes, six furlongs, 9st. tilb., wou by Blairgowrie 8st. 101b., third iu All-Aged Stakes, one mile, 7st.llk., won by Cerise aud Blue, 8st. 121b.; wou A J.C. Derby, Sit. 101b„ in 2 miu. 39sec.; Blairgowrie 81b. and Klngiish Bst. 101b., Recond and third ; wou Craven Flate, II miles. 7st 91b., iu 2iuiu. lOisec., Acme 7st. 31b. and Kingfish 7st. 81b. secoud and tuird ; won '.Raudwick 1'late, three mile3, fist. 131b. te 6min. 31£sec., Lord William. 7L 2lbn second, aud Gentility, 6st.7lb., third ; woiq'V. R.C. Derby, Bat. 101b. in firuin. 39acc., Chcsham 8st. 10lb. second, aud Aglaos 8st. 101b. third. Among the races Uu -is en gaged In are the Melbourne Cup, 7st. 7ib., aud Cham pion Stakes, 1' LACK I) HOUSES POtt THIi V.U.C. DERBY. g 'First. Secoud. Third. H JH- 1872 Loup Gurou King lof the Patriarch 2.49 Ring 1873 Lapidist Mountaineer Maid of Avenel 2.51 1874 Melbourne Stockbridgc Scanning 2.4GJ 1876 Robin Hood Richmond Burgundy 2.48 H70BrUeis Quueu's Head Sibyl 2.431 1877 Chester Pluto First King 2.43 1875 Wellington Wurwick His Lordship 2.43 . 1879 Suwurrow llelladruin Rivalry 2.43 1880 Graud Flaneur Progress Mulatto 2.41 )881 Dare bin antu Glaus Commotion 2.416 188s Navigator Frying Fan Scgeuhoe . 2.4 1 J 1883 Martini Henry Sardius Hurricane 2.39A 1884 Rufus David Burgo 2.4lj 1885 Nordenfeldt First Chester Winchester; 2.48 1880 Trident Gheshdtn Aglaos 2.39 Selling Rack, of 150 sovs., seven furlongs. Mr. K, Howie's b h Huron, by Fowhattau — Mayfly (nil), 4yw..7st.»7!b. (Howie) .. .. .. 1 Mr. J. G. Raid's eh g The Ghost (nil), aged, 7st.51b. (Gorry) .. .. .. .. 2 Mr. 1L K. Mait land's b or b g Stafford (nil), aged, 7sfc. 6lb. (Fidde) .. .. .. 3 TbeBaron, 7st.« 101b. (Fogg) . . . . . . 0 ISliingtou, 7«t. 61b. (Harris) .. 0 Louis, 7sc. 6lb. (Cloary) . . .. . . .. 0 Straight Shot, 7sl 61h. (Williamson) .. .. 0 Roysterer, 7st. Jib. (l'uge) .. .. .. 0 Betting : 6 to 4 to I v, aud oveus on The Ghost, ? to 2 v.. Stafford, 6 to 1 v. Straight Shot, 8 to 1 v. Huron. The Ghost and Huron wore the first to get going from a good 6turt, but in the first half-furlong Staf ford weut in comuuud«uud led Hurou half a leugth past the bridge, where The Ghost occupied third pluce, in front of The Baron aud Uoysterur, Hlllrfgtou taking up a conspicuous place iu. the rear. A little from this, Hurou joined Stafford, aud from tbil out the race needs no description, as after they had made all the rtiuaiug do the turn, Huron forged out aud, never afterwords beiug troublcd.wou cosily by a length aud a quarter from Tho Ghost, and ho beat Stafford by two lengths for secoud place. Sraight (Shot was 10 lengths away, fourth, iu Jrout of Kl.ingtou, Louis and The Barou, who finished lu that order. Time, lmte, 2 Usee. The winner was bought la tor £230, COBUIIG STAKES, A haudicapiof 200 sovs.; secoud horse 60 sovs. from the prize. One mile and a furlong. Mr. G. Davis's b o Daystar, by Muroury — Grace Darling, 3yrs 6st. 31b, (Williams) .. .. 1 Mr. T. Coffoy'B br h bt John, Cat. 71b. ( Williams) 2 Mr. S. Martins b g Uoguiauay, aged, 7st. 61b. (Robertson) . . . .3 William Tell, Cyrs., 9st. Clb. (Olds) .. 0 Duulop, 4jra.,fst.« (Sanders) .. .. 0 Lord Wiltou/Oyrai Bat. 81b. (Campbell) .. .. 0 Batyr, 3yra, 8st. 4lb. (Fuffg) .. ...... 0 Recall, 4yra, 8st. 2lb. (Bower) .. 0 Gardenia, aged, 7st. 12lb. (O'llriun) .. ... 0 The Nuu, 3>rs., 7st 121b. (Fiddes) .. .. 0 Pocahontas, agcd,'7st. 101b. (Ilutchona) ., .. 0 Tbe Agent, aged, 7st. Sib. (Banco) , . . 0 Newuiaster, 3yra., 7st. 61b. aud 21b. over (Trahan) 0 Gadfly, Syra., 7st. 61b. (Gorry) .. .» .. 0 Albanus, 4yrs 7st. 3lb. (Cox) .. .. .. 0 Marouey, aged, 7st. 21b. (llatuuiago) .. 0 Myall King, 4yra, 7nt. lib. (Huxley) . . . . 0 Gold Lake, 6yrs.,0st. 13ib. (Gough) .. .. 0 The Fobber, 3yra,6st. Clb. (It'Dounell) .. .. 0 Eosary, 3yrs., tat. 31b. (Tomlin) ». ., .. 0 Bottling : 5 to 1 v. Tiie Nun and St. ohu, 0 to 1 v. Gold Lake, 7 to 1 v. Hog uiuuay, 10 to 1 v. Gardeuiu, 12 to 1 v. Daystar. After va long delay at the post the word was given to a wretched start, which William Tell and .Day star bad a lot the best of, Newmuster aud Mnrouoy following, Iwhlle Gardenia uud The Nun headed the others, who straggled away. William Tell soou settled dawn iu front, and wont pa»t tho bridge a length away from Pocahontas and Daystar, who were vide by side, and then uurno with a length between them New toaster. Maronoy.The Nun-audSt. John and Hogiaan »y could be seen heading tho rest." Bavo that Pocahon- tas joined William Tell, at the. Abattoirs, and they wero six lengths in 'front of Mavonoy, no material alteration occurred till they reached the half mile |K»st. Here Pocuhontas forged out and -led William Toll a length towards tho home turn, where Muroney was still third, but had reduced the gap to two lengths, and Newinaster and The Nun headed tho others, who wero pretty well clustered. Thcss positious saw theiu iuto the straight, but once within the rails Pocahontas cried a go and William Toll, Daystar and .Maroney coming together ap proached the distance side by side, just in fxont of The Nun uud Hogmanay. Two hundred yards from home William Tell shot his Ixdtand St. .fohu. putting iu-ltU claim, weut iu pursuit of Daystar. The pair got together opposite the end of tho stand, where St, John appeared to hare the race won ; but Williams, paying too much attention to Hogmanay, who was llu (siting ou tho outside, allowed Daystar to come again very determinedly and beat him cleverly by a short ueck. Hogmanay was a good third, and thcu suc ceeded The Nun, 'Lord Wilton, No wn mater. The Agent and Recall, the lost two to finish being Rosary and Satyr. Time, 1 mitt. 6<£ec. 