Table m\\. IsixcEitBLY l'ogrot that Lord Carrlngton's first von-, toon tbe Victorian turf waa an unfortunate ono. His Money's filly, Esperanoe, whether through .local prance, or that sheov " eussednesa " which ia aaid to ! ^characteristic of her sex, put herself ofEectuaUy.out;! :lauy chnnoe sho might,have 'had of winning the; liiibjrnong Plate, by deliberately running oil towards; it river, whoa sho ought to have' headed straight for twinning post. Tho Governor of Now South Wales, irarer, took his defeat philosophically aa a gentleman ah sportsnmn ought, and it is to be hoped that ho ill have bettor luok next time. He has paralleled Si Hercules Robinson's popularity, and he . may yet ?nllel his good fortune in raoing, ' . 1 * " J '■ j lto not think that the Vice-regal box on any -raco\x=req-\ in Australia—or out of ,it either for that mattor l-iuevev been graced by the presence of fouiv Govet-' J1^ with their belongings, before this weelc at Flem- J i1!^, HiV Henry and Lady. Looh, Lord and Lady1 •"lington, Sir William Robinson, and , Sir'George^ '"than, with the retiriuo of their reapectiv,o:vicQ-regftl msule up n tout vnsomble of imposing grandeur • ifawliieh tho eyes of a democratic community like j j1,1 We seldom the felicity to gazo. I was nmusod; i^'er-hcftv im observation made by a well-known |>'«wker, who, after taking a " lunar " at thoir .Ex* •teles, as ho himself would express it, remarked 1*4the generous addition of expletives characteristic. I ^ kind, " Why, blank me, if they ain't like any-. | Jdso, i suppose he expected to see the quartette, I 'Wcmors, who wove, of course, attired in the ordi- j pwalking costume of gentlemen of the nineteenth i | "Ji nttired like the chorus of pool's in IolnntheV.' r i„ ay, it seems hardly in aGcordancQ.wi.fch the \ rJlil^sso£ things, that two—Sir William Robin\x=req-\ lttt!8U' 6oo:ge Stl'acUan—ovitof the fotar;(3oyer-*, liil'p011''1 1)0 uunmi'viud. As to their nationalities, |ii]g.'^r'n°t0u ^ an Englishman, Sir Henry Loch ^ k'«W ^trachan arcs Scotchmen, and Sir Wil\x=req-\ l®-!S tl"5011 '3 an I**8*11110'11, pretty fair division, 1 50 Mel tnkea tlio lion's share aa usual. Therk are few taon In this community who deservo mora general sympathy than Mr. H. Byron Moore. To say that ho,has proved a worthy successor to Mr, Bagot Is not only to bestow upon him a very high compliment, but It Is simply the truth, And now In the very noonday splendour,, so to speak, of the a'aoing season, when the magnlfloent pleasaunea at Flemlngton lis orowded with visitors, loud-mouthed in their praises of tho fertile brain whioh has contrived so many expedients to minister to their wants, tho possossor iof that brain is stricken down with lllnoss. ' ;r Arsenal, the Oup winner, was in his yo'ungor days the victim of misappreclation, He belonged, originally,* to the Hon. . AY. Pearson, and as tlVe stable, companion to old Commotion, had i his logs.run oil' him whenever his blder colleague wanted a spin,1 Mr. Dnkin -raced him for a whilo, and started him in. everything, but SyithouVany very oonspiouous success,! Finally, being porsuaded—against his own better judgment, 1tun in\x=req-\ formed—that there was nothing in the colt, Arsenal was sold to his present owner, .Mr. W,_Gannon,. a .well\x=req-\ knbwn Sydney solicitor, for £380.. Arsenal, was known to. have done some wonderfully fast trials lately, and" he was consequently, pretty heavily backed ,by the; Sydney contingent of visitors at-the satisfactorily, long,, odds of "100's , to 4.;; Mr.' Gannon 'has himself <-won« £17,000, in addition to the stakes,-''which^are worth £2000 cloar. Not a bad roturn this for an investment., ''of t';';- V' L i . .««• iw 5(1 •S>«^, ' - •■U' -'.v't-.f :K! a:: ■■■■:!.i - ni.mun "■ i: 1 • , - , , r i Tub time (S'inini'Sl soo.) for tho Oup .this yearwas good, but not exceptionally so. It wds^boaton'j by; DarriWellin 1879 (8 mini 80} sea;)..; «. byr:cMartiAi«i 'Henry in 1883 (3 min. 80} see.) ; and by Sheet Anchor " ^astjyear;(3 inin. 20} seo.) English, Arsena^'a\jooiip^,.; is a mere lad, who has not been riding'for - .more . than« about' twolvo months.''^Yesterday's win' pu^£ipo0; into.his pooket as a nest egg,for future peouriiary inon-j bation. Arsenal is well bred enough for anything,! being by Goldsborough out of Powder. *' ' . u . 1,1 { ■ - ■ To:• r>tr f '■>'(< '"iji ' sv ■ ui, :. : i/j : ?wt«i lioit. '■*. ^-.^r ru.'t --n.-H . >• ■■ a'ii Mb; W. Gannon, Arsenal's owner,, is a very favour-';; able specimen of .the genus sporting attorney. >;.He. is; one of the best pigeon shots in Australia, and a genial, !' liberal; good-hearted fellow. Nor does ho sacrifice his; profession to liis love of sport either. The flrmof Gan-; non and M'Lnughlan, of whlali ho Is the senior partner, has a doservedly high reputation, antl a very large practice. Mr. Gannon holds very much the same position In the courts of Sydney as Mr. GHllotfc does in our own. His partner j" Jack " M'Lauglilan la a member of the N.S.3\r.,Legislatlve Assembly, and one of the most promineht men about town in tho sister metropolis. * # * The dally nowspapera may bo taken as a pretty accurate judge of public opinion by the prominence that they give to auy particular topic, Judged by this standard no event of the year oompares in interest with;tho Melbourne Oup, I Hnd by actual computation that'the Melbourne dailies devote this yoar just 51 ' oolumns to their description; of pup'^DayJ-tho proportions being ArgiiSt (Including a plan of the 'course) 18 columns, Ago 14 columns, Toluffraph 8 oolumne) jand(iTiswirf 11 oolumns. The latter published on the day of the race, a"splendid specimen^- of^'journalistia enterprise. The reports aro all admirable in their way, but the palm for priority must bo given to the Agt>, the vigor and breozyness of whose ^'paragraphs' afEord a refreshing contrast to the w'ornVout'i platitudes (more or less prominent in the others! fi h ; L' *< ~{p \ 'n "" ."POM.# lU ' - Tj-iB;following clever adaptation of Gilbert's woll\x=req-\ Jlchown 'lines in <( Patience," wliich the Agii embodies in - ,its roportj'i^ad ajtroj>i>s that it will boar repeating :— ''rJ''(r,r-!. Most intense young men^ ^ ! 1 i ^Soulful-eyod young men, ••/..ir■ .,>s\x=req-\ ijV!^' •'^'TJlta'a-p^etioalj supor-rosthotioalj y •in. ba'i of* the way young " -EVeryday young men, , Conceive them if you can, oi: <'A>cptnznonpla6etypo,,. v ri.hiid 1'\Vi^h a stick ancl a pipe /And a half-bred blaok and tan. : ' . '"dhancery-lane young men, •!:. Post Office-place young men, ' " 'n Very delectable,' liighly respectable, . !.(• •• sivji-' m J ''.iriK*' "J i mK ->;■ \ • Threepenny 'bus young men. • . •.V"*.. " piallid land' thin young men, ; I' ' , ,Haggard and lank-young men, > . ■ , . jo; siv-'" .!f .Greenery-yallery, Melbourne Art Gallery, .. I5JJO& . A.CL .Iti* >. . v. •v mu <,(af.-wIToot-in-the-gi'ave young men. . .. , ; •. i )< u Alston and* Brown's-young'men,• ; • . -v ' ' Buckley and Nunn's young men,. ■• • • , u : ■■ ■ Pushing your particles—What's the next articles ?'. Grocery store young men. :i> (Monti young men wlio wore at li'lomlngton on Ttiosday will recognise In one or other ol' those descriptions ho mo faint rosemblunoe ol! thotmiolvos. T.hh most Interesting portion ol! tho Ari/ii« roport of tho Otip Day, la Tlinothous' (Mr, Howard 0. Wllloughby) , vetrospeot, extending ovov a quarter of a oontury of Uio greatest event In tho Australasian Haclng CJalctidar Thoro uro few—-If! any—more faollo pons wielded In Australia Hum Mr, Wllloughby's, and his little slcotoh Is not only full of Intorost, but a modol In Us way of lltorary stylo, * * Ast a matter of forethought, organisation, and enterprise, tho Jlorahl achievement boats Its many contom 'pomrles hollow. Boforo tho majority of tho Mornings ton visitors had arrived In town tho Iloval(lt with cloven columns of description of tho day's proooodlngs, was bolng sold in the streots by hundreds of strict \ falsettoos, 'l'ho managing proprietor and odltor and his stall ara to bo congratulated upon having accomplished one of tho biggest feats in tho history of Aus > trallan journalism. , ; !-Thm membeis of tho lling, although thoy Bavod themselves from any serious disaster on Tuosday, by no moans lieeood the lamb, A Sydnoy syndicate is said to have cleared £70,000 by. Arsenal s victory, and , that not Inconsiderate portion of tho public who consistently back the Herald's tips, put a good many sovereigns and half-sovereigns on Mr. Gannon's horso, whioh, multiplied by twonty-flvo, the odds obtainable, amounted to a good deal of money, If either Trident, Trenton or Isonomy had won, thoro aro grounds for believing that somfrof tho books'would" have suddenly discovered that the air of Melbourne disagreed with ■: them. " 1 -'■ ■ : • I iiavh been diving into musty volumes in the Supremo Oourt Library, and :ns ,the result of my industry, have hlt.upon a remedy for tho.dust and mud .nuisance, whloh alone provents Melbourne from-being the most desirable plaoeof residence on the face of the habitable globo. I requiro no reward for making it public. It will be sufficient reoompenso for mo that my memory'shall romain enshrinod in the hearts of the citizens for all time to come. With duo regard to that veracity which has ever boon my distinguishing characteristic, I must oonfess ,that the discovery staggered me for a moment, and I. shall be surprised if it doos not also stagger my readers, but my motto through life has ovor been that of the Boanerges of tho Australian pen; " I am in the place whero it is demanded of me to speak the truth, &o.;" You know the rest, Well, to oome to- tho point. I should indict every member of the Olty Council, not excluding tho town clerk, for permitting a nuisance on their premises. . • : ;J v ' .',4:'. , 'v,v: V-' ' The streets of the city are Invested in the me'mbors of the corporation, and they have no-more right to permit dust . and mud to . accumulate in them to the annoyance and injury of ratepayers than I have to establish a boiling down establishment in my back garden. To permit a nuisance, &c;," is an offence at common law, and punishable by fine and imprisonment ; and although I should be disposed to deal leniently with the oity councillors, in consideration of their youth and previous good character, the punishment, to be effectual, must bo substantial.' \;; ■■ [ ■■ • :> --.r -•.{: ;<■ > * # I WAS an amused listener,of a conversation between a young wife and husband, carried on in a railway carriage on the way home from Flemingfcon on Derby Day. The husband had evidently been spending the afternoon in the saddling paddock or but never mind 1 and the wife was explaining in her pretty way that she had not missed him so much as he seemed to be afraid she had. "Do you know, Harry," she said "I never saw the Derby at all? I met Edith whom I had not seen since we went to school togethe r and we got chatting over old times in the ladies' room, and forgot all about the races." I wondered how many other ladies there -were who attended Flemington during Oup weekv and wl10 took an equal interest in racing matters. JfAiilOH won IiIh fourth Morliy with Trldunt on Saturday, llln provluiiH vvIiih woro wllli Ui'IhoIm In .187(1, with Qmud I'MivnoiU' In 1880, unci with Navigator In 1882. Trldont la a Hull brother of Navigator, and with Haloa on hla buck, won tlio last A.J.O. Durby with rldloiilotiH oiimo, Tho tltno oil Saturday wan 2m, HOaoo,, tho Hnino na Mavtlnl-Honry'n In 18811—tho qulokoBt on l'aootd. Ill must bo l'omomborod, howuvoi1, In comparing tho two parfovmiinuoH, that Martini\x=req-\ floury oavrlod Dab, whllo 'i'rldont only oarrlod 7mIi, T itKajONTi/y roforrod to tho announoamoub bhiib lloivoh had daoidod to t'otii'o from rowing, and oxpraaaod rogrob that ha should liavo dona ho batoro giving Hanlon hla " rovongo." Sluoo thon, yielding bo proaaui'o, lloaoh 1ms oonaonbod to again moublng bho Canadian, stipulating that bho aontost should fcalco plaoo on bho Pavramatta rlvor, Hatilon haa aunoivnaod hla willing\x=req-\ naaa to arrange anobhor mabeh, bub for soma roaaon rrmkoa lb a oonditlon thabib shall talco plaoo on tho Nopaan. Why ho givoa proforonau bo bho labtor [ oan\x=req-\ nob say, .bub doubblaas ho haa soma vory good raaaou, 1 ti'iiati that whorovov ib may bo daoldod bo row lb bho match will bo arranged, aa L have before romarkod, bho ox-atiamplon should bo aftordod an opportunlby of 1'OgivtningC his ,loab laurels. . My. own opinion Is • that I3oaoh la tho bobber man, and-1 -am glad to think that the matohoa bebwoen bhem havo boon real briala of skill and not shama got up for tho more.purpose of putting moneylnbo their pockets and thoaoof their friends at tho oxponae oE a too oreduloua public. \- , . ■ - , - - , . * , , . >" ,(I .; :U :! j;.':Vi'f.:^:i I U-.i'V./';-iji'.*-1 I AM'Buro that .Mr. William Stutt had not a thought of impropriety whon lie is'suod to ox-Mombors of Pixr\x=req-\ mont the oiroular Inviting ao-operation in raising a testimonial to Mr. 0. IS, Jones, for his services in obtaining free railway passes for thorn, He doubtless thought that Mr, Buttors, as an ex-Membeiy and therefore a participant in the bonoflt whioh issued from Mr Jones's efforts, would sympathise with the proposal to recognise them, and not object to his name being used as the promoter of the movement. This conclusion was natural enough, but Mr. Stutt went just one stop too far in using anothor man's namo : in the way ho did without consulting the bearer of it. Under aertain ctrourastanees such an aot is called by a rather ugly name, and.tho consequences are frequently tmplonsant I have seen too much of Members and ex- Members of Parliament to be favorably influenced merely by the fact that a man has occupied a scat In the Assembly j but I know Mr. Stutt to be a rigidly upright man, and now I know too that ho can bo a v o ry'imprudent one Ho was, I have no doubt, actuated in this matter by gratitude and diffidence respecting the influence of hia own name, but ho will And it much safer to append it than that of another'man to any communications ho may in future oirculato, » ' • I "WONDEH - whether Di\ Beanoy: really expects-the Legislative Council will take 'seriously any report the select committee appointed by that chamber may mate respecting'.'the ■ sanitary condition of : the Melbourne. Hospital ? I have'too high an opinion' of his' astuteness to think he does. As a rule members of either House ; are not much influenced by such reports, but retain the opinions they may have previously formed with regard to the subject of enquiry. This one is such a palpable farce that I shall be surprised if the Members of the Oounoil do not resent as an insult to' their intelligence the report which will be submitted to them by Dr. Beariey and his colleagues, the character of which it is not difficult to foretell from the manner in which the investigation is being conducted. " Your Committee " will have found the Melbourne Hospital all'that can be desired in an institution of the kind ; in faot, so perfect, that people seek disease in order to become inmates of it. The opinions of such 'men as Messrs. Fitzgerald, Girdlestone, and Dr. Robertson will be set at nought, and the testimony of provincial surgical pigmies, such as Drs. Reid and Hudson, triumphantly quoted in support of the view taken by Dr. Beaney and his fellow committee men. The name of a certain member of the Assembly is frequently associated in the public prints with a tar brush. Dr. Beaney's efforts on behalf of tho Melbourne) Hospital will ontltlu lilt] tho IhanlcH ol! t.ho oommlttoo of that ItiMLlbulloti, mwl the oouoluslou oC his arduous labours t would ou^l that ho 1)0 proaontod, as an appropriate mirciilr, v tv whlto-svash brush suitably InHorlbed, Mil, .T6hk Lauiuunh had a splendid opportui alfordod him tho other day of riding ono o£ hi« m liobbloa to lila hoar^a oontonb. IIo was, bolu^ a m' boi' o£ the oommlttoo of tho Melbourne IIoHpltul, on to glvo ovldonoo on bohall! of lb, On reading tll0 ioj f was amused to Und that ho eomtnonoed with a lung dissertation on tho subjoo'b of cryslpolnft, wliloh worthy old gontloman Informed tho oommlttao emik oontraotud anywhere, and might bo duo to u thouo and ono oiiuaos. Imagine a oommlttoo, and Umt mlttoo presided ovor by a medical man, taking ox| ovldonoo from a layman—and that layman Mr, Taum Q lvo him a start on a (lnanolaV question and hu maj guaranteed to paralyao moat ordinary paoplo In a ahorb time } but aa a aubjeot In his hands, llimimo to tho Molbouvno Hospital about the satuu rolntbn pookot pistol to a Qatllng gun, Thh sea pilots of Fort Phillip arc having a I light lob In on tliolr ufErtlra through tho publlaatlo tho ovldonoe glvan respecting complaints roco made against thorn by shipmasters, Hltliorto; pilots have formed a very liappy family, and have | on In their own quiot way, drawing Individual Inoc reaching nearly a thousand a year without iuterfon I or enquiry,. It seems, howevor, that thoy havo I I for many years slumbering on a volcano, which; though lb frequently caused tremors, did not '• mi until last week. The loss of tho French barque, Q euse, showed that the pilot servleo Is not what Itshj be ) and the. Frenoh Consul addressed a letter tc Chamber of Commerce, directing attention to tlia olslon of the Pilot Board, which exonerated the p oonoorned and practically shifted tho blnmo on t< shoulders of the mastor of tho vessel. A deputatlc the Commissioner of Customs followed, and theii presslons of dissatisfaction with the pilot service ; marked by a vigor that leave no doubt bf their since The moreantlle community of Melbourne in tliii poet havo been, it seems, long suffering, and are determined that the matter shall not rost uni change Is mado. Tho mattor is of so seriotn a qj actev that no time should be lost la fully invest Igl the aharges which havo been made against! InofHcienoy of tho sorvlce ; and If thoy aro found I well fouridedj not a moment should be lost In eft'aj a radical change. § : How far the fact of a man being drunk \vh< makes a contract goes to invalidate it, was a tju< which a Judge of the Snpromo Gourt was asked to one day last week, and his Honor's decision was mount to afBrming that the plea of drunkenness no more good in a oivit action than in a oriminnl And a V9ry proper dooision this was, if 1 may xnitted to" say so, 'Onco establish in the law cour rule that|drunkenncsa is a suflicient oxcuse for tlio diation of just claims, and we may say good-b justice and equity. Why, we all know men in Lm who are never perfectly sober, They may not be o: drunk, but* they are certainly always, more ot under the influence of the " rosy,''1-as Mr, 11 Swiveller would say. Still, they are amazingly in theiT commercial transactions, and anyone wif over them must be remarkably sober indocd, Insolvents who have delicate objections tj impertinent investigation of their private alTaif beginning to find out that the process of " white ing" is not the easy affair under the vagi men of Hickman Molesworth, that it used to be consid^j tho late Judge Noel's time. Criminal prosecutio fraudulent insolvency, which used to be rem(|| on account of their rarity, are no,v becoming s| mon as to cause scarcely any comment. Judgej worth has discovered that the Insolvency Act] him with almost unlimited power, and he will >J feel perfeotly certain, with wisdom and disci etiq Til! Moll"1111'"0 'ffJHplt'il has found, fin everybody ' jt, would, I In "umli otitliriHldHWo champion In irilureiWi tti" HO"'"1' mombur for 1 lot,hum. Wlmt i nine of Mi'- championship amounts to Ih 'illthcr Who Ih Mr. Laurens, any. L;. ilmt ho Hhoukt Hut. hi« opinion against the solemn iiiilii(!S of Hi" most competent modicnl and surgical 'critics in tlm Houthorn homlnphorc. Wo know tha j-ontloninn n« '» facllo orator, iv profound states\x=req-\ 0lii,(tml»«ivcourntio statistician, but wo do not know jjjjinml wu don't want to—us a hygionic nnd sarii\x=req-\ to/wi'oi'i- " ' ♦ * . " > ILWiikk « eiii'loHs en so was In! tinted hi tho Bupromo (Viri Inst Krlduy, tlio plaintiff, 0, frondolow, suing lie defendants. Messrs, M'Oivrron, Bird nnd Go,, for (iw |iomilty for abroach of tho Printors' and Pub-' litto' Act, In publishing a book by Marcus Oiarko tiitaiUn Imprint on tho titlo and lant pagas, Tho aotiUof tho who were not gono into, as it was shown ii,t the plnlntllf lmd left tho colony for England, jlr.FcikIcIow, tho plaintiff, Is battel' known tmdor his ViiJr jihuiir ot "Noel Oonway," under which nnmo Sibil advertised lilmsolf largoly as a writing oxport, ilw ho arrive! In Molbourno somo twelve mouths yi, Mr. Fowlolow—or Oonway—was a witness for lie defence in tho eolobratod sporting onso Loo v. kjiiUml his business foil off a good doal aftor tho wilingcross-oxfunlnntlon to which ho was subjected boa that occasion by Mr. Purvos, tho counsel for tho Tin; Hum of Mi'. W. S. Graven, the aotor-author, tb introduced the farcical comedy of " Mixed " to lie notice of Molboumo playgoers, do-', not soem to hie fnlleu on pleasant plaooa latoly. At least J Md Imagine so, from tho fact of his having boon n>d(or nsmall printing account the other day, In tho Wot Court. I am sorry for this, beoause I laughed weover " Mixed," whon It was played at the Bijou, tin anything I liavo aeon for a vory long tlmo j ii'joughlt must bo confessed that tho fun of the pioce romore duo to tho acting of Messrs, Day, Hall, and >j»Tillc, than to any Inhoront merits of its own. Mr. p»cn undo a good deal of money in Melbourne, but ho Iniunfortunatoonough to risk and lose (_va va sans dire) ■i in Tasmania, tha gravo of so many managers' foray. A theatrical frlond of mine , was asked once to & n company over to Launoeston, and he tolo\x=req-\ pphedln reply, " Can't go. Too far to swlra baok." * * 1?Ihuic is any ono thing makos mo feel moro mad Sw.mother, it is to soo a literary man advertising his wty through tho medium of the prow. Apart from -Spring impropriety of the thing, it' loaves an alto\x=req-\ folse impression on the minds of tho public, •inow lota of men who livo solely by their pen, and u'"-«n unite as largo incomes as most mombers of »■ learnucl professions. Tn any oaso, it is a pitiful % lo be eternally snivelling over one's hard foresail so indiroctly casting a slur upon a gallant w°i'kors who, as a.rulo, are as independent a taen 53 any who breathe. I mention no names, s onkc no allusions ; but, to mo and all prosout, 9 ""'good as (t wink to a blind horse. ^1E opinion of the more reputable portion of the will bo entirely with His Honor, Mr. '''•e '^vEerd, in sentencing prisoners to bo flogged ' Waiu odeuccs, There is a .school of sickly or |"!'morbul sentimentalists who deprecate the use oi ■tali ng tending to brutalise criminals ; but those ^ '^Ufflanitarians cither forget or do not wish to l^.tnljcr that tho erimiuals for whom tho'oat-o'-nine\x=req-\ 1J''a fitting punishment were brutos before they 1 ®iUert the oltunce. It is somowhat xomarkoble I '^otgan of this school is published in New South to,' ^,'1CCC ^10 tQost' brutal crlme3 that disgrace | niiisation have been committed. In a letter |i''3q., at Sydney, New South Wales," Charles L*nt^: there much difference betweon the "l'C^ ftnc^ t'10 grandson 1 or where does the l^! ?' you bleach in three or four genera\x=req-\ s ^avti ^nny questions to put, but the Delphic made in a shorter time than it will take to satlnEy my aorfiploH," If tho shade oE the I gontlo Ifllla ovor rovlalta tho lltl'ul glimpses oE thomoon. I 'tho outrages committed la Now Houth Walos during tho! current your should all'ord lilra a tarrlblo answer to tho' quostlons ho put 1 ti tho llosh, throe r]uartora oE a eon\x=req-\ tuvy ago. ■ * Hi .'JflNauAND has had hoi' Ooak Lano Ghost, Now South Wales hor Klatrm CI host, and now Via to via la ranking hov contribution to supernatural history, In the almpo od tho Kow CI host, Thdro aooma to bo no mlstako about tho.Kow CI host, although tho nows of Its appear\x=req-\ anoo In that poaooablo suburb has taken ovor a month to roach tho Glty, It has boon soon ovor and ovor again by wltnosaes ol! tho most unlmpoaohablo voraolty 5 and although Its holght Is variously estimated at tram 'six to sixteen Coot, all dopommts aro agreed upon tho ono solid central faot, that It la surrounded by an onvolopo oE phosphorosoont llamo. Howovor, Sergeant M'Grath, whoso'naino alono Is calculated to strike awo Into tho heart ol! tho boldost phantom that ovor glb\x=req-\ borod, has taken tho matter In hand, and hopos to have tho apparition Inside oE tho local look-up within a wook, Ho Is now In communication with tho Grown "Law OfTloors, as to whothor ho will ohargo tho ghost —when lie has caught It—with riotous behaviour, ox with bolng In a publlo plaoo with Intent to commit a felony. * IT soams to mo almost Incrodlblo that, la a olty like London, whoro poople on tho Stock Exolmngo are pro\x=req-\ vorblnl for thoir koonnoss, lb should have boon possible to float such a gigantic swindle as tho Mount Morgan West Gold Mining Company with a capital of £200,000, It is all tho moro diflicult to understand when it la re\x=req-\ mcmborod that thoro aro so many Australians in London at the prosont timo, of whom, at all ovonts, the Queonslandors ought to have known enough to burst tho bubblo, Tho desire to beeomo wealthy at a bound is so general in this money-grubbing ago that it is easy to understand invostor3 boing inveigled, without much difficulty, by speciously concoctod prospoob'uses, into entrusting thoir cash to plauslblo Jeremy Dlddlovs. But it is not so easy to arrive at a conclusion as to how the wide-awake London brokers wore "got at." Thoy aro not as a rule caught napping any raoro than tho 'proverbial svoasol, but tho floating of tho Mount Morgan West swindlo would soom to Indicate that for onco thoy have boon ovortakon by somnnlonco, A omuous Incident. Is related in aonnoction with tlio victory of Bon Bolt at OiulHold, whore tho throe lossoea of tho animal who had given .11250 for a year's rental of him, won £40,000. On tho morning of tho races one of tho lessees received by post from a frlond in Queensland a perforated threepenny bit, wliioh had belonged in succession to two persons, oacli of whom had boon shlpwrackcd and had escaped from drowning, Tho coin was attached by it3 recipient to tho martingalo of Bon Bolt before starting for tho race, and tho horso won. * * * Til AT cynical old provnrb which doclaros that " Par\x=req-\ sons'aom are tho dovll's grandsons " ha3 been, wrltos Marmion, painfully verified of late in this colony, I where no less thin four, and all oE them carefully brought up 'iu rro3bytorian manso3, havo gone wrong. Wliothor over-indulgence, or a too rigorous restraint in early youth, was tho prodisposing cause, I am unable to say. But tho fact remains, and it suggests some serious problems for tho moralist to work out. Anothor criminal incident, in which tho son of one of our oldest and most highly rospactod molical practitioners was involvod, has glvon rise to much convocation, and has callod forth gonoral oxpres3ions o£ sympathy for his aged and estimable parents. In this ease tho offender, a bank official iu tho receipt of a handsomo salary, had reached the mature ago of 40, and had always borne an irroproachablo character. Tho amount of his defalcations, about JJ2000, has been made good by his friends ; and the Bank of Australasia, whoso funds he had misused, has withdrawn the warrant which hnd been issued for his apprehension. His punishment will be a ruinod\x=req-\ oareer. [TLiu warrant has since been executed'at the instance of the Attorney-General.J It was polntod 6ut to lfio tho othtsr c1ity by sovto'l'ftl pvomlnont o'ltlaona as a oitrlorflby t'hat tho Into $tr. CJlMrloa Jacobs, sugar rtiarolmft't, had only lo'ilb £'1,000, t suggustod that tho Ai'gux Compositor hail porhaps lo'ib out atiO, which would havo broi'tghb ftp tho araounb 'to ili'10,000, This suggosblon waa promptly' mob wIt'll tho roply that tha lftiral/l, Arf/un, 'J.'uio(jvaph, uticl ovGfi tho provlnolal papora all agrood In thoir ilguros, 0*2 oourso tho supposed faob of Mr. 'Jacobs only leaving JM,000 was much dlsauaacd* Howovor, on Monday hisb whon I oxamlnod bho will ab bho Hupromo CJourb !l found thab I was oorroob in ray surmlso bliab blm utnounb lofb was Ji40,000 (forby bhouaand). Tills proves thab bho dally nowspapora are all copying from bho riorald, and thus mako tho samo mistakes as bho ovoti* Ing journal. 1 bhlnk tho morning papoiyare sudlctonbly woalbhy to bo able to lnoroaso tholr static, and not pllo so much work on roportors thab thoy havo no othor oholoo than copying from tho only evening papor. * * ' * I it ha. u on very good authority that Professor Williams will bo tho noxt President of tho Moclloftl Society o£ Victoria. Dr. Williams, I may montlon, la ono of out' foromost physicians, and baa also mado a groat reputation for hlmsolf aa a toaohor In tho modloal school at tho Melbourtlo University. * * It! .1 Afcso hoar that tho Executive of the Adolaido Jubilee Exhibition havo sent invitations to all modloal sooloties in Australasia to sond representatives to tho Modloal Oonforonce, which will be hold in Adolaldo noxfc yoar, and that Professors Williams and Allon havo boon solecitod to roproaont Victoria, and will road papers on Important subjects at tho Conference. # . # HuNiti' Jamks, in his boautlful story oE Tho Mad\x=req-\ dona of the .Futuro, tolls liovv an American artist lived in Florence for twenty yaars, endeavouring to roallso a conception of tho virgin and child, , whioh surpassod even that of tho divine Bapliaol, and at last dlod misorably in a garret with hia canvas untouched' by the brush, Oliver Wendell Holmes strikes the samo tender chord in human sympathy when ho lamonts ovor tho songs that havo novor boon sung j and moat of us, in our little oxporionoo, havo learned how vain It is to attempt to roallso our ideal. I was soino'what astonished to loam the other day .that a friend of mine, whom I would as soon have suapootod of writing poetry as of being concerned in a plot to sot the Yarra on fire, had been engaged for years upon an epic, sotting out tho birth and growth of Australasia. Up to the presont ho has written some twenty lines, but who shall say that tho long hours spent in attempting to formulate noble ideas have been in vain. To the reader, who foels Inclined to ridicule what, to his practical mind, seoras mere sentimental rubbish, I would say, in the words of Honry James' painter: "There is nothing grotesque, sir, in the speotaclo oil a lofty ambition." \ * * A ymskv'strange family history, reminding one of tho talos in the volumes of Dickons and-,Aiusworth, has just como to light in tho preliminary investigations made at Placeuza, where certain persons were accused of stealing £-1:0,000 from the MaTohesa Auguissola\x=req-\ Sootti, lately. deceased. The Marchosa, by birth a Nisaonti-Medrone of Milan, and exceedingly wealthy, had, for some years, fallen into miserable habiti. Hor' only son, who Was greatly intero3tod in. promoting the vise of agricultural machines, was killed by getting himself entangled in a steam-thresher in motion. His mother from that day forsook the vast and splendid apartments of . her palace, dismissed, hor numerous servants, and shut herself up in two wrotchod rooms with one faithful female attendant. The Mar-. I ohesa refused to sea any of her. friends, and hoarded ' up almost the whole of har large income, amounting to *100,000 francs (£1(5,000 a year). All this money, brought twice a year to her by her numerous tenants, she divided into packets of 20, 30, ,and 50,000 francs in paper^ gold, and consuls, and hid them about the rooms j under the tiles of the pavement, in the straw ■ mattresses, in the stuffing of the old chairs, behind the picture-frames, and in rotten old cupboerds. After hov death, packets "of 10,000 franoa ware found dea\x=req-\ fcvoyed by tho rata, Ono cupboard of want rob o wanted a foot j and waa propped up by a roll of paper, Tlila was found to contain 0,000 franca in fi-frano notoa, all gnawed by mioo, and even Inhabited by a neat of black boefcloa, Altogothor 70,000 franca wore found moro or loss Injured in the Maroheaa's room. Xlufc the porter of the adjoining ptilaco, with tlie aid of a mason, , managod to tnnko a hole through the walls, by which a young woman, thertr aaootnpliuo, got into the I'alazaa Attgulssolft, and, watching tho Marohoaa, who sometimes carried her paokola into other rooms, In the •oourae of a few, yeata, managed to abstract auma amounting to a million francs. Sovon persona connected with this robbory have boon arroatod, but tho maaon esoaped with a largo sum to America, and it Is said that other accomplices still remain to bo^cjUa-, ooverod. ■ ' \ I / V Tnwiufl can bo no doubt•t.hiib tho 'Bus and Tramway, Company ratituigo things vary woll generally, but ovon wiso find knowing pooplo, Ilka tho Dlrootors. of tho Tramway Trust, might talso 11 hint from lass sapient pooplo thfin' thomsolvos soruaHmas, Tho system of making tho " shorts " pay for tho " longs " la oarriod a llttlo too far. If it bo'just that a man should pay Ud, for a throo mllo' rlclo, It oatinot bo ocjuitablo to ohargoia man' Ud. for riding half a mllo. Now,1 my suggestion Is short and slmplo. Lot tho Tramway Company soli tlolcots for eighteen ponoo a dozen, and lot suoh tlokots carry a passenger—say—from Spencer\x=req-\ stroot to tho Engine-house—half- way—starting from wliloh, another faro should ,bo charged. ; Thus a man would bo ablo to rido one and a half miles for throo half ponoo. With tiokots of such denomination thoro would bo ton riders to .ono. Persons wanting to go from tho Town Hall to tho Ohiof Soorotary's Ofllao would rido, and pooplo doslrlng to- twivol from' tho Town Hall to Scott's Hotel would ride. But when It Is a' quostlon of threepence, thoy walk, It may bq said that many Fitzroy pooplo would ride to and from tho Engine-house and walk tho rest of tho distance. No doubt. But this would be compensated' 'for by thousands of pooplo riding from North Fitssroy to tho engine-house, and viae vornti. Tho Tramway Oompany may think' tho suggestion unworthy of their adoption! but tho oabmon—who aro being improved out of exis\x=req-\ tence—may think about tho feasibility of obtaining •light,convenient conveyances and running penny sec\x=req-\ tions—say—from Sponoer-street to Iflllzabeth-street, from, Elizabeth-street to St. Patrick's Cathedral, from • Fllnders-stroot to the top of Elizabeth-street, from tho : Post Office to tho Parliament House. Or Mr. Danks might apply his gas-motor to cars adopted to carry passengers over penny sections, A city want3 olivet}) as well as continuous conveyance j and it is the million ponce that pay and give the profit, not the ton thousand threepences. ' ■ • * . * ■ ■ ■ ■ * Quoth the Ago of Saturday, October 90 :—" Or why not catch a thoroughly sound anthropologist and use him for stud purposes like the famous Eclipse, who begot no fewer than 240 winnors." Just imagine the advertisements for such a traffic !The Ago is'evidently hankering after the production of a perfect man, and 'the editor suggests a plan 'that' would " eclipse " all others, Thore was a paper ptiblish^d in London some, years ago edited by a lady when lady editors were scarce. Ono fine morning the leading article began \- with the lino, " The World wants a man," and then; the writer wont on dealing'with all the ramifications of the want. Next day a "paper edited by a man said that " The editor of the Ladies J\Iagazino had confounded the' wants of the world with herJ own personal "wants." The Ago in like manner has; said that tho world wants a man, and has suggested) the " Eclipso " method of production. Is the' editor\x=req-\ of the lively "Age" a candidate? . What. a'lot\x=req-\ of .fudge. Why this natural selection has been going on since the days of crcation. Nature has implanted an instructive judgment in all mankind '"'and womankind to select the perfcct and beautiful. Does not every woman select an Adonis or an Apollo—if\x=req-\ possible 7 And if it is not possible does she-- not approach perfection as near as she can ? What is tho eye for beauty but an instinct for the ideal? We all know tho slor.v In " A I'nshn of ninny talcs," minting to the I'llnooaH Ho Ho .131 I Jo Mil I It wns nrrnngod tlwit nil Mio onndldntos for hor hnnd should tnnroh In pnrndo nlong tho hoiihIiovo whoro tlioy woro Inspootod by iv strong oommlltoo of oldorly lndloa provided with double rang\x=req-\ nlttors, If nny man hnd nspot or blemish ho wns nt onoo| rojootod. UUit it Is nil "fudge," ns the Vlonrof Wnlcollold would say. Tlioro Is no Hpco'lnl merit In mere physical dovolopmout, othorwlse tho Millars, tho Dintilos, the Whistlers, tho Mnnlnnu, nnd tho Uonohas nro nlono to bo ndmlrod, And lis for ganlus, wo know It Is not hereditary. Tho most fnmous intolloata do not nppani'i to porpotunto thomsolvos. There la no long lino of; Whnlcospenros. Why this craving nftov , Heroulonn atrongth ? Whnt dooa It glvo? Nolson, Nnpoleon,. Suwnrrow, \VolUugton, Olive, Mnrlborough, nnd fi host oif otliora wore oompnrntivoly puny whipsters, but tho,r "wore terrible In war. In overy- dny life whnt nr« tho giants In tho strugglo for llfo? Tho Ufctlo men nro gonornlly woll up to tho post nnd sometimes thoy win, hnnds down. Tho process of solootion 1b nlwnya going on, Tho brnvo, tho clover, tho beautiful nnd well\x=req-\ fnvoured nro aouglit nftor, nud tho ttgly nnd stupid nro thrust nsldo. But to roduoo the system to n trnlllo on. horao-donllng prinolploa Is whnt rollnod soolety will nlwnya shrink from. The fllos of the Age betray som« vary uniquo conceits but this lntost motion. " oa.llpsos nil tho rast, nnd Is nbout as practical as would be tho suggestion thnt llro onglnoa should bo abollshod and the plnn ndoptod by GulUvor of extinguishing tho ilre In tho Quoon's pnlnoo nt Lltlput rosortod to. , Tiim jubiloo coldbration In Now South Wales, or rathor a part #f the oxpendlturo it Involved, 1ms boon discussed In a vary angry spirit by the morabors of tho Sydney City Council., It Booms to 'bo chai'aotorlstlo of tho Now South Wales pooplo that thoy oannot discuss anything in a tomporato or indeed in an ordinarily decent mannor, wheth'ar it bo in Parliament. or at tho Council table. Tho bono of oontontion on this occasion was tho aoaounts rendered to tho Council wliiah should, some of tho mombora contondod, havo been paid by tho Mayor. One itom of Jtl'70 was for books giving ovonts'in tho llfo of Hor Majesty tho Queon, and other information. Thoy had been ordcrod by tho Mayor,.and his autograph was attaohod to them. Ho was said to bo presumptuous in having thpm charged to tho ratepayers and told ho should liavo paid for them' himself. Now, while I think tho offensivonoss with which tho remark'was made is to bo condemned,-1 am disposed to agree with the view taken that tlic cost of publishing" the . books In question, should havo boon borne by the Mayor. Tholr distribution was to all intents and purposes a part of tho jubilee celebration in which he undertook to be tho host, and clearly'ho was no more'justified in asking the Council to pay for them than for tho chickens and champagno consumed by tho1 guests. At loast, so It appears to inc. - ' A oiaNEHAb Meeting of tho Members of tho Melbourne Shakspearo Society will bo held' in the As-' sembly Hall, Collins-street East, Melbourne, this evening (Friday), at a quarter toi8 o'clock, when tho following papers will be read and discussed Mr. Way's "Ethics of the Merchant of Venice."' " King Lear,"< Mv. Thomas Bales. " Shakespeare in the Homo," Mis3 F. L. G. Dumas. " A Scholar and a Soldier," Mr. A^ S.j Way. "Tho Prlnco, Hotspur, Falstail—Comparative; and Ethical," ■ Mr, Ed, Exon. '! Was Shalccspoarc a. Custom House Officer," Mr. David Blair. ' * * , ' . i .iTiiJi, French .have started a novel material f or stiffen- • ing the back of dresses. It consists of black or white' coarse muslin, .with stripes arcoss of .strands plaiting, about an inch and a-half ,apart a^d half-anrinch wido. ■ This is f>laced in the upper part of the: back, of.tho; skirt, and again as a lining to ,tho hem ; tliroo strands vof^straw for the front and , sidos, vdouble that .' amount at the back. Even such stiffening asjthis is contrary,! to all artistic ideas of drapery 5 bu't dt , is batter tlian metal,caging ; and in a country where women think they must follow tho last fashion or die, wo ought to1 be thankfnl for'small mercies, and weloumo the straw if' it should expel the,steel. ; BOSW-fflJi,. 