ON THE SCENT. By LADY M. MAJENDIE, Author of "Dita," "OnceMore," "Siatera-in Law," &c.; [Published by speaial arrangement with the authoress. All rights reserved.J Chapter I.—(continued). Arthur went slowly downstairs with his hands in his pockets. This theory of Reggie's splendid talents—was it only a theory ? He had believed in it implicitly in spite of every successive report, first from school and then from Oxford—either Reggie was growing too fast for work, poor boy, or he had an unfair master, and Reggie could never stand a master he did not like. Then at Oxford he had turned out to have lost all the previous years of his life by having been so badly taught. Then it was most unsafe to press on the highly strained intellect of genius ; and, finally, Reggie obtained no honors, merely scraped through a3 hundreds of others have done, and came home beauti fully got up in appearance, but with small honor to himself, and a gratified feeling of self-respect in the belief which he found unshaken in the breasts of his family—that is superiority was unassail able, only that he had been unfortunate in his surroundings. Arthur had his hand on the handle of the door when his father came out of the library and stopped his exit. " Here, Arthur, I want you," he said briefly. The library of Denstone Court was, alas ! only now called so by courtesy, as the books were gone. Only the yawn ing shelves remained. It was a fine room, and, like the rest of the house, had about it the ghost of departed com fort and luxury. But not a thing had been altered, renewed or added to it for long now, and the old Turkey carpet, respectable even in its decay, bore many careful patchings, and near the window had faded out of all pattern and figure. The squire of Denstone Court looked about as worn and shabby as his own furniture. He had let everything slip helplessly through his fingers. His poverty might at one time have been grappled with, but the time had gone by now. „ The whole estate, a small one of about 800 once productive acres, had been starved and neglected. He had been un willing to spend money on his farm build ings, and had in consequence found him self compelled to accept poor and bad tenants, who took all that could be got out of the soil, and when the time of agricultural distress began, were the first to throw up their holdings. Poor Mr. Denstone got more and more deeply in volved, more and more hopeless ; and he found no help in his wife, who, worn out by • the cares of her large family and the feeble petulance of her lord, had subsided into a mere household drudge. The sons and daughters might have been a comfort individually, but they were a tremendous incubus en masse. Even the distressed landlord's panacea for all woes — going abroad to retrench—seemed out of the question, when it was remembered that 12 railway tickets would be wanted, and 12 beds at hotels, not to speak of the difficulty of letting the poor old court in its present condition of shabbiness ; and had it been possible, it is doubtful whether the squire would ever have made up his mind to so decisive an action. _ One powerful friend they had in the Uncle Alfred, the successful Liverpool merchant, who had sent Reginald to Ox ford, and whose offer of a clerk's place in liis house, at a salary of Bixty pounds a year, had seemed such a downfall to all their hopes. It was on the subject of this offer that Mr. Denstone wanted to speak to his son. "Come here, Arthur," he said ner vously, "and sit down. I want to talk io you, but it fidgets me to see yon standing." "You look tired, father," said Arthur kindly. "I am afraid something has worried you." "I am always tired and always worried," said Mr. Denstone impatiently, thrusting his hand through his thin grey hair, "but I am quite' used to it now, thank Heaven. It is really your mother's fault, she does worry so about Reggie." "What about him?" said Arthur sur prised. " Of course the salary is not a very high one, but with his talents he is ure to get on, and my uncle will pro bably offer him a partnership." " But he is not to have it you see." " Hot to have it ? Has my uncle re tracted his offer?" " Yes, he has ; and in the most unflat tering manner. It is that that has so up set your mother." "I am so sorry," said Arthur fervently. His heart failed him a little. It seemed as if this chance had been the only one held out, and this also had failed. " I always knew how it would be," said Mr. Denstone querulously. '' Reggie gives himself the airs of a marquis, and dresses like a dandy. Your uncle is a plain man, and, bless my soul, he married his cook, as you know, and can't be expected to be a judge of refinement. He actually writes these words—' Your son is much too fine a gentleman for me. I want a clerk, not a young swell; and I want a fellow who ap preciates the luck of getting the place, not one who turns up his nose at everything here, and scents the whole office with cigars. So you may tell him I have changed my mind. If you have a more humble- minded youth among your sons I don't mind trying him, but not this young cock who crows too loud for my dun£ hill. I want a plain honest fellow. °£ hate your geniuses. If you can't supply the article 1 can look elsewhere; but Betsy wouldmuch like a nephewabout the house. Your fine gentleman looked upon sixty pounds a year as about enough to keep him in cigai's, but in that we agree to differ.' What an unfeeling letter, Arthur." "I am afraid Reggie musthave offended him," said Arthur thoughtfully. " It is just my luck," said Mr. Den stone fretfully. " If I have a son with brains above the ordinary he goes and flies in the face of Providence. Your mother thinks nothing would be lost by your trying now." " I wish I might," cried Arthur eagerly " But not if Reggie would feel as if f were supplanting him." t •' fear that, my good fellow," said Ins father rather contemptuously. " You hardly look like brothers." Arthur felt that was true enough as far as clothes went, and he was unconscious of his superior physical advantages. It is extraordinary how long family delusions continue. At this moment Mrs. Denstone came in, a little pale, rather trembly woman, with a sensitive, pink color coming and going in her thin cheek. "What does Arthur say?" she said to her husband. Arthur put hi3 arm round her ten derly. "There is nothing Arthur would not do for you, little mother," he said, "and so you may imagine that this opening is bliss indeed, only if Reggie does not like it." "Reggie won't mind. He thinks it might just do for you," she said. " One cannot wonder at his horror of the idea after what he had expected." "All right!" said Arthur. "Then I start for Liverpool to-morrow morning. I don't see why I shouldn't send you every sixpence of the money, mother mine, for I shall evidently board with my uncle." " Boots, dear," said she, "and clothes. You have nothing nice like my poor dear unfortunate Reggie, and you are so big, nothing of his would fit you !" "No, no, all the better chance of pleasing my uncle. Don't fret, mother. Think what a lucky start. Reggie with his talents is certain to get a swell place somewhere, whereas I have actually fallen on my legs." " But, Arthur, I suppose you can do it?" said his father doubtfully. "Of course, as long as one thought it was Reggie one had full confidence ; but as it is I suppose you think you can ?" Arthur nodded with a quiet smile. A fter all he knew himself and his capabi lities a good deal better than they did. (To le continued). 