ECHOES OF- MELBOURNE ? ?'?? TBy Thb-Cthost. i Although Parliament is still in the first week of the session, it is. already plain that ithere are troublous- times ahead of the Ministry. .The: Ministerial life of Mr. Gillies will neither. be-.a long nor a merry one, and but for . the foolish tactical, mis take of the. Opposition caucus in selecting: 1\T« 'D !?»«+? net it Irto/Irti* zip - +.lin , . /^T\T^rtC?l+^/\lM ** would not have been, worth a. riionth's pur chase. : ; Thei debate on the address, has riot yet been concluded in. the. Assembly, and ,will, according to present appearances, last through next week.) i Under a, chief of the calibre., of Mr.; Service -the Government would havo surmounted without difficulty or, loss, of .time thor initial- difficulties . inci dental to the .: commencement of all. fresh. Parliaments.. ..ButMr.-! Gilliost lacks most of. Vthe attributes ;necessary to. constitute, aisuccessful' j Parliamentary leader .:,-, .As Mr;' r Shields, t, with.:, i ' brutal-, frankness,' told',,jthe,-v:':Pre.mier,.-,-i he!- ..sadly lacks 'itactvgoodtemper,'. and- generosity.f'-.and had :tho honourable andlearnedmeinber for. Normanby. added', that! Mr.. ;trinies,.w,as con stifnitipnallyilazyand- iapathotio, cold, and' repel.lant in manner, giftedwith.an undue ariipunt ..of;1 selfisufflciency, . without. (; tho; faculty; of..making;;ne\v friends, or. retaining, th'e'i'i'gopd,. : opinion ir.of .; old ones, , he wo.iild,, inost; correctly have : portrayed, ; the gentleman ,whp, at., present, according tp, Mr. Shields, designates himself in.jhisv private as well as fther public correspon dence as ' Premier'of Victoria..'' . Perhaps, owing to the.rum'bured' 'departure,, on' a trip to1 England 'of rtheir recently chosen Jeader,' the'Oppositi'on'h'as refrairied^roni'tjak'irig' a ' distinct' want;'- of' ''confidence'.1 'niption 'in' regard 'Itb'^the' 'Gbverririi^nt,' '-' or,1 p'orh'ap^i,1 the chiefs of :'?tnj5 pafty'th'at' sits, to Mr'.1' Speaker's left,' are unable -to 'arrive at any' satisfactory (arrarigemeritJin'-'re'gard' to' the' ivision of spirits, but no amendment has been proposed, Mr. Bent's followers con tenting themselves with pointing out the weak spots in the Ministerial armour, and waiting the outcomo of events. The old saying that ' all things come to those who wait ' is likely to receive yet another illustration, and Messrs. W. C. Smith, M'Intyre, Munro, Gaunson, Patterson, Shields, and tho occupants of the ' cross benches' arc evidently not destined to wait very long before they replace his Excellency's present advisors. Wnrn Wr. Bent out of the way, the existence of tho present Ministry would not be worth a month's purchase, but honourable gentle men appear fully to realise the fact that Victoria is not yet ripe for a 'Bent Govern ment.' Since the foundering of tho s.s. Dande nong some twelve years ago, no maritime disaster off the Australian coast has created isuch a profound feeling as tho wreck of the ;Ly- ee-Moon off Green Cape. That a well 'found ship, in comparatively fine weather, should deliberately be run ashore within a few yards of a well known lighthouse is 'almost beyond comprehension. ; Wellmay the coroner's iurv emDanelled to nnnuiro into the cause of the death of such of the unfortunate passengers as the cruel sea gave up. bring ., in . a verdict that 'gross ;neglect has been shown,' and a finding of manslaughter against the officers in charge of, the vessel. Doubtless when tho relatives of tho deceased instituta action agairist the A.S.N. Company for the re covery of such compensation as money can afford, there will be more, care exercised by; those in authority to, secure passengers, against the extra risk, through carelessness, of those who go down to -the sea in. ships. The fear of the; consequences— to their pockets— has caused railway managers to adopt a system under which accidents are well nigh impossible, and the same motives Iwould no doubt act as a powerful incentive in cases of the owners of passenger steam ships to adopt means for ensuring, as far as it lies in -human foresight, tho safety of those who confide their lives and property to, their care. , . The dark story of tho loss of the Ly- ee-Moon is brightened by the tale of heroism told of some of the rescuers, who willingly risked their own lives in saving those of . the few survivors of the wreck. Daniel Whelan, Olaf Thorpe, George Walter, and Andrew Berglan have been recommended to the? notice of the Royal Humane Society for their brave con duct on the melancholy occasion. One of the most lively episodes that has for some time past broken the gentle chronic dullness that pervades the pro ceedings of the Council of the city of Melbourne occurred a few days since in connection with a proposition to rescind the permission accorded to a body of per sons styling themselves Nationalists, to ihold a meeting in the Town Halt to ex press their approval of, Mr. Gladstone's scheme of Home Rule. In the course of the debate, during which feeling ran high and personalities were indulged in as freely as they generally- are in the Legislature, a 'motion requesting the Committee that had given permission to use the Tawn Hall to ^reconsider their decision was carried, and the Grand Old Man who now rules : over the destinies of the British Empire will have to face the second reading of the measure unsupported by the voice of.' the citizens of Melbourne, in public meeting assembled,' approving of his scheme for promoting the disintegration of the Queen's dominions. Perhaps now that it has been sought to obtain an expression of public opinion at the antipodes in. con- nection with Mr. Gladstone's policy, some one may ' improve the occasion ' by calling a meeting to protest in tho name of Australia against a course which is the nrst step liowarus no uismDBgv'.i/iou oi Due ^British |Empire. It would certainly, be a libel on the colony were it to go forth that the sympathisers .with Mr. Parnell's de mands, are in a majority in Victoria. | Pity the sorrows; of, the poor old civil: servants of Victoria. ; After drawing hand: some salaries for some thirty or forty years, the gentlemen in ' the service' who. have attained the ripe age of;60 are to be placed on the pension, list: and receive handsome sums for, doing nothing. ,This is one of tho 'economics' introduced by the Civil Service Commissioners, and just now is i-»»»/»«4-.irnTr . o. rri'nn 4-. fnvmnnf : n.mi'»nnret'. . 4-.li« Government employes. In the majority of the cases where retirement , at tho end of the present year is made, compulsory, the 'office-holders are in full possession of their mental and bodily faculties, and. will not be replaced by better men. Their, successors will only be some two or. three .years younger — in some instances the difference another batch of pensioners will be added to the already too lengthy-list. When, this ridiculous system has. been in operation for a dozen years or so its folly will be apparent, and its own weight will break;it down. . Already has au; onslaught been, made in Parliament, on . the action of ;the Government in sonding. notices to .the gentlemen who have attained the age;of 60; and, although the, move savoured more of party than patriotism, the Ministry was fain to give way , and promise that the resolve of the Government, should, not be carried out. , Indeed, , the .whole , Civil Service Act is now so i, unpopular.. -that it would not occasion ? much .surprise,) were it 'improved off. the statute .book.',' .-, r ?. . ,; .June 7..j. : i ,., ; f. .-'b : .,.'. ij ?,/ v '-'i.:' ? ??? ^ | A True T.EST.-^Tlie truest test is that of , experience,'., j Fp'r.!;proof ; that j f,';Cadbury's Cocoa Essence', is Vh'at it. professes to.bei; it.is(suflibierit to point to (the Lifa,ct .that for; riiore than 30 years it has stop.d vthe. test of i daily trial; ' Tear by '' year its sales have gone on, and. they, are still gpingonsteadiiy increasing ;! aid a^.the.present^tiriieit hae, gained a world- wide reputation for purity and excellence. 