Debate on Land Bill All the squatting interest in the debate on Tuesday on the Amending Land Bill centred in the speech of Mr. Lumley Hill. It was known beforehand that the hon. member was prepared in one speech to Bay all that can besaid against the Act of 18S4, and against this amending bill from his standpoint. The forecast proved correct so far. He opened out by Baying that the old Act) that of 1SG9, is the heat. That was the thing to be proved, and since no quan tity of affirmation amounts to proof) Mr. Hill launched out amain. To prove that the old state of things should be returned to, * he instanced the fact that squatters with long tenures had made vast improvements, and that under present tenures they could not command the capital necessarv similarly to improve their holdings in future. He brought up again the ghost of the great drought, but was not happy in showing that the drought had resulted from the passing of the Act of 1884 He came near to showing that such was the case when he affirmed that the drought was a visitation of Providence because of - the Land Act; but the argument broke down just where it should have been strongest. It had to be admitted that' the drought ruined the squatter, who nevertheless had been such a stout opponent of the Act. It was only as a buttress to his main argument that Mr. Hill brought in the grazing farms. That waB rather un fortunate, because without a perfect knowledge of the law of statics a man may place his buttress too high or too low to support any pressure, with the certainly then that it will help only to topple over the superstructure or to be thrown down itBelf. The grazing farm business does not belong to the squatter, and he Bhould stick to his lost. Mr. Hill made the whole measure turn on the squatter pivot. He should not have done so. He should have fought his own battle and have allowed other per sons to fight theirs. He was on safe ground when pegging away at selection before survey in country which in all fairness ought to be reserved for squat ting interests; and if he does not understand—and he said he did not— that part of the measure, he should get someone to explain it to him, for he will do well to stick to the point named. He might have left it to Mr. Jordan to fight for the native-born subject, and to contend, as we have before pointed out, that one class of farm Bettlers should be treated as well aB another. His main contention is that a longer term should he given to the squatter. In this contention he has to prove that the squatter will not be so well off under the new Act as under the old one. That is the affirmation which he muat prove to be true. The Premier says the squatter will have a better tenure. It does not rest Bimply on affirmations; it is capable of proof or of disproof. But even so, that is hardly the point at issue. The question to be determined is that pastoral tenants of the Crown Bhall hold public land on terms fair to the rest of the community, and sufficiently advantageous to themselves. It would never do to admit that any man may walk on to an area of country and say that because he is a squatter, and because the country before him is good for grazing purposes, he ought to be allowed to take it on his own terms. The squatter has no: natural right to the laud. If the Government were to decline to let him use a rod of it he could not reasonably complain ; we mean, of course, the man who first proposes to take lip land. Mr. Hill did not make the best of his argument for a longer tenure.:. He Bhould prove that a term of _ 21 years is necessary to;work out such interests as are 'involved in a western Bquattage. It might be shown that a shorter term will do it, and the Government have as good a right to Btop at the point at which a given sot of interests "will work themselves out as to fix the upset price of land offered for sale. "We give elsewhere Mr. Hill's proposed amendments. ' Mr. Norton followed, and said that the Act of 1884 was'bnd; that the Opposition opposed it at the ' time, ana had not ceased sinco its pass ing to say it was worse in opera tion than in principle. He added cii&t; tie present Amending Act .is a complete renunciation of the principles of the main Act. So said in the course of his own speech, and several times during the speech of the Premier, that the bill completely reverses or renounces | the principles of the main Act, and yet he is opposed to the change. Nearly the full text of the Premier's speech on the Act, and on the bill, we have given. It is taken from " Hansard," that we may not he open to the accusation of having given it colour. The speech is a clear and powerful etatement of the position of the Government in regard to their land policy. It can hardly fail to correct the false and silly statements industri ously made here and in other colonies, and which have led Borne of the southern papers to bark up the wrong tree. It is the misfortune of some of those papers to get information in the state in which Gold Creek water is supplied to Brisbane. The consequences are hurt ful to themselves, and sometimes better informed persons here are angry; some times they are diverted. 