REMINISCENCES OF THE COLONIAL STAGE (Continued). "My memory is fleeting, but still I can remember," Once having seen him, who can forget " dear old Lambert: Par excellence , „ the Rest representative of Sir Peter "Teazle,.; ..Lord Ogi/by , Sir Anthony Absolute, Mr. Aspen. Pblonius, and .such- like, high- art comedy parts the Melbourne stage has ever seen. At the present time it is really pleasant to dwell on the memories of the past. Mr. J. C. Lambert made his -first appearance in Melbourne at the Amphitheatre in Spring Street, on-- I the 23rd of Deoember, 1 S57, as Colonel Damas in Buhver Lyttou's play, 'The Lady of Lyons," achieved a last ing success, and his fame soon spread throughout Australia. ; On the 11 tli of December 1S66 he took a benefit at the Theatre Royal, and on that (and only) occasion he, essayed the part of Shylock in The Merchant of Venice. He gave a scholarly.) reading of the part, wliich was out of his line. His . success was only a " success d'esthne." He dii.l not attempt the character a second time. Having made up his mind to retire from tile stage, be arranged for a farewell benefit, which took place at the plade and iu accordance with the following bill : THEATRE ROYAL. Less:e, Mr. Ch irles Vincent. Acting Manager Mr. Hnnyurd. Final Retjrembxt ok Mr. J. C, Lambert. When he will make nis la.-t iii jj'earanco on'iiny atage for ever. Tlioae fr end-i wlio desire to honor Mr. Lambert with their presence on this occasion will please tuke their places imnic- diatelv. The Gentlemen Amateurs have consented to appear on this occas.on with Air. Lambert.' ' - This Evening. Vine ml ay, February- mh, 1S6S, . The Performance will commence witli the 2nd Act of Briusley Sheridan's brilliant comedy ' "THE RIVALS." Sir Anthony Absolute - Mr. J. O Lambert Characters by the Company. To be fo-l'iwed by the 1st Act of .Buhver Lytton's comedy of "MONEY." Sir John Vesey - : Mr. J. 0. Lnmbert (his lastappearaooein that character for ever). Alfred Evelyn - Mr. William Levey Sir Frederick Blount -. Mr. Marcus Clarke Stout - Mr. Charles Warner Other Characters by the Amateurs, Trio— ' Harkl the Lark at Heaven's Gat' Sings"— Mr R. Stewart and Misses Dooy and - Maggie Stewart. To be succeeded by Scenes (iucluding Screen Scene) Ironi Sheridan's Com, dy, ''THE SCHOOL FOR SCANDAL" Sir Peter Teazle - . - Mr. J. O. Lnmbert (the last chnraoter lie will ever act on any Stage). Joseph Snrfaeo - Mr. Charles Vincent ; Lady. Teazle - - '"Miss Cleveland To which will be added the Farce entitled "THE MODEL HUSBAND," Supported by Mr. H. It. Harwood and Company. a Mr. J. 0. Lambert will then read the confess ion of his faults and bid his friends a final adieu Doors Open at 7. yCommence at8 preci-ely. , " " ' ' P'RIOBS AS USUAL." The following is a copy of his address: "Ladies and Gentlemen: — I .am., about to quit this world of mine for ever, to cross the footlights and live in your world. -It is very much the custom on occasions when people are going out of the world to make a full confession of all their'sins, and I will acknowledge the excellence of the custom by adopting it, so that you shall not say that I gave up the ghost' without recounting the many sins of which I have been guilty, both since I came among you, and many years before that time." "These as. von may suppose were very nuriiefoub,' for 'they liave"been going on without . intermission these two and forty years. I will begin with the worst offences, and admit I have committed murder— In the early -part, of my career especially, I no- knowledge to have murdered several- parts, with which I was entrusted, but of late years I hope I have Ueeu .less guilty in this respect, and that the shades of Shakespeare, Ben Johnson, Congreve, Otwny, Massinger, Rowe, and Sheridan have been appeased, I trust by riiy having imparted a little '.life to some of their 'eroations." "I have committed bigamy so often that I cannot recount the number of .instances i I'have married more wives tlvan Brigbairi Young, so that it is not surprising. if J should number my sons 4 and daughters by scores if not huh- ; drediS. Son/e of them, I grieve to say, I have troited with grekt cruelty, 1 turning tHem out of doors to beg or starve, cutting them off with a shilling, forcing them into mercenary marriages, and otherwise provoking them to des perate measures." " In connection with these wicked proceedings I have used the most violent language to my offspring, but many times when in the very onslaught of my furious denunciations I have relented and only uttered half a curse. At this moment, -if I had not great strength of mind I should be over whelmed with remorse, at the conse quences of my severity." . "I have to deplore the. necessity of frequently numbering among my acquaintances, and even among my friends, some very incorrigible- 'scoun- drels ; but I beg you will place in juxtaposition with this factj the cir cumstance of having also been on intimate termswith many kind hearted persons of every degree- of' society. Indeed, 1 may .here .remark, that in respect to social position, my friends and acquaintances have been of the highest and lowest rank, with every intermediate: grade, and that their dispositions have varied as infinitely as their social position." "My own predilections have been' in like manner fluctuating. At one time I have been so miserly that I have denied myself the common and most absolute necessaries;, at others felt myself prompted' h'v generous impulses so strong that I liave had no hesitation in .giving away, large sums of irioney, .vast estate's, ririceless jew els, and even crowns arid kingdoms." "I confess, however, these gifts have been bestowed with but an in discriminate hand, hncl'that undeserv ing men have profited by my promis-. cii'ons liberality." "Like all other members of ''my profession, I have lived a double life, and it is only in one of mine, "the 'great crimes I have' enuriiefated and ac knowledged havebeen committed. My serious vices, I trust, have all been 'committed this side of the footlights." ." But in the. world where in future lam going to dwell, I trust you will credit rne with having done my duty n.« a i crood , citizen, and that when in a few days I step on board the vessel which will bear me from this bright and beautiful country, T shall carry Vvitb ine vour good wishes and your kindly esteem.", , ' ' Permit ; lh'e a "parting Avord' about 'my brythcv'ifianagers, w tli whom for the. last twel ve ''mVfritlis T' liave Been intiniately associated . I never thought to liave drifteirint'onTaiiagementa-gain, but there .weVeisu'ch pressing reasons "why "tli is " fine theatre should not be . all'dived to lose / restigc, and why it should not fall into incompetent hands that I. consented to become one of the co -pa i- tne rsh ipr. by which ife affairs "Iuive' been 'lately administered." "I appeal to you to say whether ' we have managed tiie Tiieatre Royal satisfactorily, and whether we liave riot fulfilled the promises made at the beginning of our career. Although we have not obtained a wonderful pecuniary success, I can but think that we hgve given our patrons fair value for their money, and I am happy tc think at' this moment that the repu tation and popularity of the Tiieatre .lloyal are as good as they liave at any '- time been 'since it was opened nearly fifteen years ago. .Let me, ask you to continue your' support -to the mana gerial firm as it now exists — at least an equal measure of support. Its . members are .well, known to. you , and are, I am sure, greatly 'respected." (To be Continued). 