THE DOCTRDTE OF THE TRIXlr, Monthly discourses are given on Siiijmornings in the Independent Ctiar-i feT^-"'. ynnaą people o£ the congregation. Tztpractically re-statement of the kJ.--.~dootriues of Christianity. Tk= these was delivered last Sundav Cts.-^ri up m the doctrine of the "Irinit'v." Vf^ lessons chosen to show the Bible u;>on the subject of the Divine narcre, ilr Carrie read some portions of the Aiiaraais Creed, and then proceeded with his disa^^ He said, " We have allused,^ijd 1 trnsi profound reverence, the Scriptural which doubtless suggested thi= eWt,-,—^ statement of doctrine to thinkers ii sh- ^ distant past, when controversies were r*- t- Cbrisaan circles. While the sacred nines of Father, Sou, and Holy Gho=t Lave fcee; breathed into the very air of oar itfsatie thoughts, yet it would seem ae though thdifiiculties which beset every autinp: :o explain the mysteries of being hive bro-^r.- about a panee in the public teachiaeTo'' Christianity upon this subject Ba: lo religious doctrine can hope to nuiau^i hold upon our minds unless we are able to give some clear account ot ia meaning mi its value. In the briefest and plaice; wi- I hope to show yoa how the subject grew and how the doctrine may accord ""w^^ reason and benefit the lifs. As 1 am addressing the youth of the congregation is pini lar, many points which the aduli mind car feel to be of interest will have io be pissei over until some more convenient seaSjL I shall not now take the asm; course 0: adducing proof-texts from tbe Holy Scriptures. because I wish to avoid making tTe Bible a battle-ground for contending Let us begin with the statement of the :'ict that we have a religi ons nature; and tis: hs possession implies an object of rcver--;^ outside ourselves. Oar nature is so o;-. Etrusted that we canoot h-.lp askin; in some reasonable account ot both thes-- tnnr. viz, ' What am 1, and hovr am I related "tj the Unseen -' Xow as surelv as questions start in tbe mind S3 surelv wiii thinking develope and seek to arraie iseli In trying to reach some idea of the c: Spirit, it must not be overlooked iŁa: 0-_r minds do not know what such a word isiir means. It is therefore contusing and miileading to regard our own atteans z: description as though they am-.-s^ttd ;o logical definitions of the Deity. Far iasia;>, when applying the w^rd ' person' to the Divine nature, we oaght to bear in tn:ni:ha: all our conceptions ot personalis are necessarily limited. The} are bat "the nestij helps which enable us to turn t.-j Dnr.iiii account that which mayb>- read witm-ta; reflection of the great reality : —• is to say, we reason from what we fv-.i -.j that which produces the feeling or c cri As we are finite beings, it is plain thit l'. our ideas of the Infinite mu.Tt be 0: value. They are bounde 1 lite our viess time and spaae, and like tbe which we hive of our own emotion^ All our systems of thought arebu: rtporso: human soundings tike ; io au ocean, and when we woai i give ac-.?^:; 0: them we are obliged to use ta< Isiijxl:; 0: the Christiau Apnstle, • We kno*'in tir: I and we prophecy in part!' And this :-? true state M the case whether we me the ri: knotted strings of the Early Gbristiis Cecils, or of the 'Schoolmen.' or ad??: the newest thought-gear invected by m d^rt thinkers and theologian; '. I know :: iii been supposed that the use of tbe ^ " person' or * persons' k helpful became »e seem to get a better dtiiued idea ; t.".-;./: a ' hold' upon something -which p:ov.des & firmer point of intellectual rest for or- iziirs tan ding. Perhaps the best repirtosiił supposition may be given in the w or if of 1 question put in the Bible. " Who by searchi^ can find out Gad 1' How cm any attempt, which it is possible to etT'Te== words, either explain or localise an Itrtite and Eternal Spirit ? Applied to t';; Ores: Essence of all Being, words are as lie sy^ć-: i of an unknown quantity ! So long ii• io not lose sight of the necessary limitm® a: human faculty itself we may fittingly:sc-'i this mysterious subject, aud test the ricescf of our language to convey such ides.- is *c are able to grasp. But the most citefti 551 accurate fchiukerę have felt whatever or names may have been selected,<" • t- -7 the Holy Scriptures, to give us some exceptions of the Supreme Spirit, our at last obliged to fali back upon rh; sin?- thought of divinity. ' To whom thee •in liken me that I should be equal saith!"-=. Holy One J' The very best forms 0: possible to us are but whispers of ti= —" ntterably great source of power in wbic « Uve and move. The word God sands Christian (thought of Iperfection; ' Hf 'i't is' the back-gro and and catrs-—.he i^'f behind all appearances. Every idea wtlite of Łnything whatsoever carries11s bark B J 1 Independent and Infinite One. who k' ® ultimate cause of all: and what we.kM'is but that which may be observed upon t» e finite side of things. T have made observations about the Divine Being be® 3 I want you to be quite clear that names can never be more than shadows of the rea&T.; and that numbers hare no pjwer to rem »P the Daty ! Such passages iu tbe Bible »£ sneak of God as 'Holy, Boly, Holy. plainly used to emphasise the solemnity awl the excellence of the great object K buw M worship, who is indeed ' above all man. The association of names iauai** Testament, in the formulas of baptism sua benediction, does not attempt to » explanation of tbe Divine £ssenM. bat ms given to teach Christians the d™?** which the new religion brought as a ™ revelation of the Divine mind, » as the language of the * J » it is in Jurmony ^ the naton? the mysterious subject, and «. , the use of such words as wouldalWe^ reason and good-sense. It cannot to personify God, since we ted hearts are not satisfied with abstract terms, and to a modified ^ pomorpbism' the Bible lends assisting ns to classify our deepest reverence and our noblest concept®? " when we attempt to apprehend ^ At the same time, the B.ble doesnotp^; us to believe that the human n® tt ®" ^ prehend God. Whether lfP'iJf - words * Deity,' or 'Force, ^ ^ •Trinity,' they are bat nam<s for f" 10^ Being; and the external naktf^^ separated in thought from all our ^ symbolic terms. Yet let us nottor ^ attempts to dear the muid can ui ^ hinder our spiritual life. . lne , gjiji® quite iu the contrary „jot tterf^y^Sfcrffldingof to-"JJ^h Sometime or other all our ^ ^ referred back to ^ ^ " ^ „ n u ć * for correction! To know God vt ^ plore our own souls, and when the best we can we have but conceptions as » limited naWPe"*^, Elementary as such thonghte •^ ^ they may task some minds, ^ to command the subject persons. Let me now give ^ rf words, an outline account ot ^ Christian thought upon the doctrine« ! onr LonJ once said to an inc^Sret commandment is ' Hear O ^VheH^rd our-. d i* one J^j] the! L""- 1 ™ simple Lord. tt ^r^Dtioumf: rJ- _-_.. s „ w <-f <if the the Divine at- -ent lJ, v ® wcll-knoM-u aud home lute tri^*, "Tel Abouttheypar AD 30, fcotesw wdeat aevoaon to Cbnst, St .J. 0f his person and work oan- «" d k0<l "lrinned. wrote, ' l o us there is but *>< M f- S-Uete about the year A.D. <® eG< r .„calM 'Apostles' Creed was J2D, th !, ;n w")iicn a belief in 'God the P» bl ilmizbtr' tabes the first place, father 200, is the first kuonm Ut . 'ji,. nrnnl * Trinity'; and ^ ^ ofif> SabeUius wrote that the 'three in A.»- -™ J, tiie sa[Ue God-' Between the J,mes are „-g an(j 370 there were herce ve»re . about qaestions of religious H<"^VERS FIA A-D. 383, the Emperor fcelief, 111 sfter a famons Church Council, ^endows. j threatened to punish j not believe in the •l' , from these remarks you will be to hear that opinions have by no prep»rea unanimou9 upon this doctrine JhristiiD history- Mosheim, a ibrmg***,1 historian, writing of the pea' "„,.,. „,VJL • The controversies of Arable . . the™ * - -Zni Immnn research . . . gave ^ it o what H oly Scripture had left un «etue« ei1 , , Bacon writing of the same 'In an evil day . . . . gj-starred • alliance - - caroe was stricken f - \ be- jjf^, the old philosophy and the new faith mbtle minds would sow the wind •rotate and Christianity has reaped the ' 1 Beferring to a similar state ^STŁ* ^ 'i n A e fifth Zr? Christianity had conquered Pagan- ^ P* euiism had infected C-hnsftamty. ^ The rites of the Pantheon had • ^ed' into her worship and the subtleties o STcafiemy into her creed ! Much more might be given, but snch !S!from independent writers of world- ^ station show what ecbola-re hare r h?ofa fln«tion which rent Christian S s in'tS early times. The great 3 from which I gave you some passages, Sihcallea.the ' Athanasia^' « reaUy i doibtful authorship, and of uncertain JL Suet is oow ibe opinion ol the whole S&m; world. It arose in times of fierce ^vereT, when all people held many Prions, which difter very much from the SriioBS of the modern world. Th* creed, h»ve shown vou, professes to give some Account of the deep mysteries of the Divine ITtore Although it is the most ngid of all the creeds yet it failed to settle the points involved, as all such ventures are most iLli-todotill the end of time! It was Vnomi to Christians some time in the 6th antavy- adopted ui France the following k,!. receivedin England in the next; a, Home about the 10th century, and still liter bv the Greek church. The 'Reform- " • 0"f the 16th century retained it for tarioMreasons; and in 1689, during the settlement, after our last revolution in England asoitenine note was inserted in -the -nrrinal directions for the use of the clergy rf the Established religion - «Anglican.' This was called a 'rubric 1 —because usually made in red ink. 1 he direction was a concession to the more tender spirit which Christianity had generated in the human heart, as it was meant to explain what are icavn as the 'damnatory clauses" of the creed. That is to declare that what readEO much like curses pronounced upon all 10- bdierers m'ght be understood as the way *hich 'them of old time 1 had ot expressing their views in ages when everbody believed that there was a logical connection between the orthodox faith and the eternal salvation of she haman race. Many people, though still believing that there is the greatest danger of missing Heaven when the creed is tmsonnn, yet hesitate to place any system of belief alive character; and tbi« is the undoubted tendency of modern feeling, even •while admitting" that all our beliefs upon religions subjects must react upon our life. Yon mar he sore that fundamental things in religion "cannot be made to rest upon deteteaWe questions. The Christian Church is coming to see that our conceptions of the great mysteiy of the Divine essence are better expressed in the unexplained language of the Bible than in the words of any creed which may be said or sung. Great and good men have not always been able to think that there was safety in such liberty ; but time is showiog that the method of the Bible writers was wiser than that of our theolopane. For instance, a noble-hearted and scholarly man like John Wesley, in his standard sermon upon the * Trinity,' if I mistake not, relies upon at least one strong proof-text which the revisers of Hie New Testament have felt compelled to remove from the text of the Holy Scriptures as hijblr doubtful, if not indeed altogether spurious! The late Cardinal Wiseman, in his sermon? upon the ' Doctrines of the Church,' was cautious enough to say, 'This doctrine is not perceived by the stretch of imagination or of reason V As attempts to set form the manifoldness of the Divine Being, presented in the New Testament, the great Christian creeds have for many changing centuries been v 'hiable landmarks of pious thought. However begotten of angry controversies the formulation of the doctrine of the ' Trinity,' lius been the most prominent expression of Christians trust to the wm ld by uninspired men. Take the first term, i e., ' FATHER. Every Tecord of human i' ling shows how surely the heart of mankind lias taken deep hold of a Father-spirit as the most fitting accnnnt of those impressions, which the nniverse gives of its origin and its order. This is the natural religion to which the ordinary course of life C'-nd u eta us And when we examine the word ' So» T ,' we have that sense of relatedness to the Divine nature which has had its historical culmination in our Lord and Saviour Jesus Christ— a firing,as it were, of the light of heaven in the incarnation of these spiritual attributes, which otherwise are to us vague and dim. What the Sew Testament so beautifully describes as 'the glory of God in the face of Jesns Christ!' John Stuart Mill—an unprejudiced witness on this subject—has said. * It is the God incarnate, more than the God of the Jews or of Nature, who . . . has taken so great and salutary a hold on the modem mind, and whatever else may be taken away from ua . . , Christ is still leit! And the brilliant has said of the'Sou,''God is in him . . . He draws from his own heart what He tells of His Father.' The third form of expression in the creed ' the HOLY GHOST.' conserves for the Church of God the idea of the essentially spiritual nature of the true object of adoration. " 'Tis Wis, that switfe voice we hear, Soft as the breath of even, •Which checks each ihonglitsud calms each fear. A-d speaks of heaven This was how Christ hims»]f described tbe subject, ie. 'He dwel'etb with yon and shall be in you.' This is, in pa'f, our lord's own summing up of what we find of God in the spiritnal world within. None of yoa can feel more than f do h.iw inadequate is any attempt to set forth God ! Lei the thought lest in your minds that G 'd is one, and yet diverse and unspeakable in nature. A nature not to be bounded by our figuresof speech : an infinite spirit approachable by erery avenue which a sincere heart can find. The Bible, as a who'e, and as read by the <hurch of God as a whól", is a standing rebnke to all illiberal cooc-ptfons of the ui vine Mature and will! Distinctions which suited the particular need* of the world's past were made in language suited to the World's state of feeliss at the time; aud it is open to others So do the same in after ti-oe?. Tbe late Dean Stanley tells ns of a sanctuary on Mount Athos, in which pictures are arranged ^ to represent the doctrine -of Trinity.' Standing ©a one side, the spectator sees the figureof the Saviour upon the cross; at another point only the * heavenly dove ;' and yet again, changing his plane, 'The Ancient of Days' is alone •risible: So in the Bible, which is the record of the Divine rerelalxon in and through human hearts, we have the tnany- «ideoessof troth and experience «et forthwhile this topic ha« come nj> tor conndeta tion to-day, and I would not avoid it even if 1 might have set »t _aside; yet I want you thi k of the subject chiefly on its practical side. All temptation to undue specula ion upon such a difficult theme has brought the punishment of an uncharitable spirit! The one thing of supremest concern tn us all is a discovery of those aspects of the Divine Nature which are fitted to make our hearts better and our lives purer. There can be no orthodoxy eo pleasing to (J id that of a noble nature, and no heterodoxy cau possibly be so displeasing as a bad heart! It is not the words of our creed "which can recommendns to God, but the condition of tbe heart which uses honest words as a fitting vehicle of its thoughts. Better far be found amongst tbe least instructed and hunblest workers who. in the name of Christ, plod through our slums to 'rescue the perishing/ than sit amid the respectabilities of a heartless religion which thinks it knows just what it ouęht to know, but has no helping word for tbe doubter, and no hand to assist the slaves of wrong to *work out their own salvation i Listen to me, young friends, that we may together, this morning, make some new conquests of the meaning of those names of love, and purity, aud power, which shall inspire all our hearts to be more truly Christian." 