THEATRE ROYAL. VERY few of tho people who aro invariably attracted to the theatre by the announcement that " Hamlet" is to be produced go there to make their first acquaintance with this fine play. Nine out of every ten havo probably scon it before, and they go to renew tho pleasant oxporionces which the} havo derived from it in the past-to hear enco moro the beauty of its language and the purity of its imagcrj, and to seo how it is treated as a spectacle. Almost ovcry actor aspires to play tho part of the Princo of Denmark, though . , it is not the good fortune of all to have the . ' privilege of doing so. Its popularity with the ' profession, therefore, adds the clement of novelty to the play, for ono has only to pass amongst the audience during tho intervals and catch stray morsels of conversation to find out that most people havo come for the purpose of comparison, and to seo how tho new Hamlet will compare with that of such men as Kean, Barry Sullivan, Macrcady, Creswick, and other masters of tho art, 01 with such smaller fry as Catos, Leake, and even Pomeroy. Mr. W. J Holloway's Hamlet is well knownm Brisbane and that ho succecdod in drawing togethor such a large audicnco as that which attended at tho Theatre Royal last evening, must hn\ o boen a proof to him that his previous effoi ts in the part have been thoroughly appreciated ; while ho would also, as a stage manager, have been additionally gratified if he could have heard the encomiums which greeted tho manner in which the ploy has been mounted this time. Tho general opinion last night was that the demands of tho tragedy have never beforo in Brisbane been so thoroughly satisfied by ita sotting. A recent writer has said that tho Shakspeanan drama ia eminently picturesque, the impression it studies to produco being largely dueto the encumstances, the accessories, the accidents as it were of tho plot, as well as to tho development of tho main idea, so that anyono wishing to Buccccd with it must needs affect a varioty of incident, a novelty in the scenery and surroundings of the action, and a proportionate core for detail, such as ancient tragedy (and tho modern frock coat and crush hot drama, too, for all that) could well afford to dispenso with This is evidently what Mr Holloway lecogmses, and to this cause is no doubt to bo attributed tho fact that ho has always succeeded so well, and tho conviction is strengthened with each now venturo. His Hamlet is without doubt also a very con- sistently line pcrfoi manee, the result of a genuino love for tho work, a careful study of the Unes, and a judicious watching of othor performers in the same part, neithei of which tho actor who wishes to play Hamlet well can afford to despise Its bieadth of treatment is its chief charm There is no need to go into the question whethor Hamlet was mad or not after this rendering, the varied nature of the conflicting influences which aie ail at once brought to bear on tho mind of tho impulsive Erinco-unstable as it is in its immaturity eing quite enough reason to account for any eccentricity, temporary or permanent, in his manner and action From the moment when ho first nppcarcd with sorrow-laden countenance and sombre habili- ments in tho opening scene, ho thoroughly won and kept tbo respectful attention of his audience, and that not by trickery but by powerful naturalness His first soliloquy that on his mother's marriage-showed in vivid language the perplexity he is in through the unexplained buddenness of his loved father's death, and the indecent hasto with which he, thinks she has bestowed her hand on his uncle. Ho is tormented by a suspicion which is con firmed by his ghostly visitant, and when he, naturally reserved and timid, is deputed to bo tbo avenger of the wrong, it is no wonder that his brain is turned, coupled as the duty is with the pain he must cause his mother, and the conviction that everyone aroundhim, save Horatio, is leagued to outwit him, or, as he says, fool him to the top of his bont. The gaiety of his talk with Horatio forms a strong contrast to the gradually awakening sut pnso which is do ptctcd on every featui e as ho hears the story of the appearanco of the Ghost to the Watchman. The scenes with the Ghost wero gro lucally rendered, the loving awe and ever dcopr-mng determination to avenge his father's wrongs finding characteristic display. So through- out the tragedy waa he faithful to nature, whether it was in the huraourof Ins municiy of Polonius and his jesting with that rather in- trusive old Chamberlain, his sarcastic raillery at the spies, thu advice to the players, the scenes with Ophoha, tho play scene, the interview with his mother, fearful in the intensity of its loving agony, or in tho last crowning episode of Ophelia's funeral, and the fatal duel There wero points in the reading to which some found exception, but that, piobably the actor himself would not be surprised at, for "different minds, different manners," is a well accpted rulo. The entire rendering was very,hnc, and if one portion calls for mention more than another, it is the soliloquies. These are real self communing» Thoy are not shouted at the audience, and if they lose somewhat of effect, the truth of the treatment coniiot be denied Miss Essie Jcnyns made o most charming Ophelia. She has only a subsidiary position until the fourth act ; but even in the parts where she was only an assistant, sho showed an intelligent care which is rarely bestowed on the character, giving by a word or gesture the full meaning to sentences which usually pass unnoticed, In her grand mad scene she played with a touching pathos that was irresistible, and tho management is deserving of the highpat praise for the liberties they havo taken with somo of Ophelia's linea. The pruning knife has been applied ruthlessly but judiciously, and tho exi isions make the part much more suited ilo a young girl, while the absence of something to which use has ac- customed the audience in no way interferes with the " necessary action of the play " Miss Kate Arden played Queen Gertrude admirably. She looked picturesque in a well thought out costume, and was as dignified as was fitting for tho part, her sympathetic acting in the chamber scene being especially marked, Mr. Charles Holloway played the Ghost, and gave the Bomewhat dreary recitals of ins wrongs with the measured monotone which is usually aseo ciatcd with the spt ctra1 utterances Mr. Harry Hodson has made a special study of Polonius, and bas produced something which is quite a gem in its way, and which is really claver. The garrulous old cbambrrlain ia neither a feeble antiqu ty m his dotage nor a gibbering clown. He is a sensible old roan, fully alive to his own importune , but jet with an eye that can see when he is being laughed at, and which can lead bim, com tier lik>, to fall in with the humours of his prince. Polonia« i« safe in Mr. Hod«on'a hands Mr Alfred Bolte made an excellent Horatio, and Mr A Norman did good work as the wicked King His reading of the part juatifiis nven Gertrude's infatúa tioD. Mr Richard Stewart was more at home in the Player King than ni Laertes, though why, when the play of Gonzago was over, the actor should hare shammed to be really dead until the end of the act demands explanation. Probably it waa an oversight The way in which the general effects are produced call for more notice than we have space for. The teenery M » marvel of beauty, notably tne battlement scene ia the opouing, tho perspec- tive in which is admirable, giving tho idea of great apaco in a very unusual way. In this Messrs. Perriman and Vaughan, the artists, havo surpassed even their customary excel- lence. The ghost effects arc a revelation, and among other novelties may bo noticed tho entrance of tho spectro in tho chamber sccno in his regal robes, instead of armour-ray father «nias habit as he lived-tho utteranco of his own words in tho play sceno by Hamlet himself, the appearance of the dead body of Ophelia on the bier, tho skilful fencing and business in the duct, and many other points equally well considered. The costumes aro costly and appropriate, and do much honour to Mrs. W. J. Holloway's tasto and skill, and the music, incidental and 'tween-acts, w»s given hy tho orchestra, under their leader Mr. F. Eugardc, in a way that was very crcditablo to them. The applause waa constant throughout tho evening, and tho principals wero recalled after every act. The tributo paid by the audience was a moat cordial one, and every- body scorned dolightcd at having been present to witness tho tragedy. "Hamlet" will bo ropeatod this ovoning. 