BETWEEN THE ACTS. A CHAT WIIH MIm IVAN"VA. The applau.ie of tbe audicnc eotmited like the pattering of a heavy 1 ail-torm to the visitor threading bis way through th narrow passage of tlm stage entrance to the Opera Housi. "The trio te just over, and Gretcben has a wait till Rip Van Winkle has finished his twenty years' sleep, which soeoe will last quite half an hoar," explained oar guide as he led the way across tho stage, where a mechanic waa busy lighting np the moon with a rime light. Ono 01 two of Hendrik Hudson's ghostly crew glanced Inquiringly at us Intruders as they glided down the Borrow staircase to tho traps, but no one spoke. Halting botore a door at the side of this staircase, a volos bads us "Coma in," and as tbeAoor waa pushed back tha visitor just managed to avoid canoniog against a throne- like chair, ia tb teems of whloh was seated Mtet Ivanova, playing with a flaffy Uttle poodle closely resembling a toy sheep, ".even to its stolidity. "I like making pee of animals," Hiss Ivanova aid oa she resettled herself ia the throne, after the formal introduction. "Wo have a splendid bull-terrier at home. You look surprised, but really bull-terriexe are most affectionate animals, wbou thoy arc properly trained, and my husband hoe trained this one." With a mental expression of .thankfulness that the bull pop was not present to show its friendliness to visitors, we ventured a oompli- meat on tha freshness of Mtea Ivanovo's voice, notwithstanding tho arduous rehearsing going on for Falka. "Ob, but I like singing ; if never tires me. Since I arrived in Australia in the Spring of 82, 1 have played through every colony, and had ao rest till six months before my present en gagement. Melbourne te the pleesantast city in all Australia. The Adelaide people are very kindly and easily pleased, but the plaoe te such a Sleepy Hollow, tbooghjiao Rip Yen Winkle's birthplace, it may grow brisk and bustling while its leading citizens doze away." "No, I am not a Russian," laughingly re plied Mia Ivanova, being informed of a rnmor to tbat effect, "I was bora in London, and left England when Un years old. We travelled over various countries, and I made my first public appearance in St PeUrsburgas a concert singer- It te a pleasant city for artists. Audiences an for the most part very' capable critics, and still they become quite enthusiastic if the performer pleaaee. It te a mistake to think tbat tho oold In tbe winUr te trying to the voice. Everything te arranged to ooonteract the frost, When you go out you are covered with furs, and the passages, dressing! oomi and even the stage of the theatres are all hsated by eUam pipes, betides blazing firea in big hearths whenever it te safe to havo an open fire place. " £ travelled a little in the northern part of Russia, and sang at concerts in some towns in Finland ; but I forget the names fox the moment, m we generally only stayed a night or 10 at each plaoe. " When we returned to England I became a pupil of Signor Lablach. Ho took groat pains with my itudtee, and I worked hard, although I bad not ade up my mind to go on the stage then." Mtes Ivanova subsequently explained that, encouraged by her success in amateur per formances, she had essayed th profession, and Mr J. R. Newcombe, tho doyen of theatrical managers, had given her a six months' engage ment at tha Plymouth Theatre. Before setting ail for Australia, under engagement to the Dnnning- Wallace Company, she had played at the Globe, Folly, Drnry Lane, and Alhambra theatres, in London, and bad finished a twelve months' tonr in Scotland with Mr J. B. Howard's Comedy Oompany. "Yes, I 'oreated the character of Gretohen in the piteent opera," replied Mtes Ivanovo. "Of coarse it te easier to play a part in imitation of some other artist, but the credit is not so great by any means. Manola, Fiammetta (in Boccaccio), Girola (ia Manteaux Noire), and Alice (in tbe King's Dragoons), are all charac ters I originated in Australia. No, I never get ' mixed ' in remembering music or parts. It seems to come naturally to me to recollect tbe mneic and words, and thus I do find it droary, when n new piece te being rehearsed, to have to wait hours during the morning and afternoon watching others struggling. 1 with their memory. "I like my part In Falka. It is full of action, and the musio is very pretty. Ohi I don t mind changing costume. I have long ago got used to that. In Manola there is one scene where only a minute and a half te allowed for a complete chaifge of dross, and I never missed being ready," The .terriflo clang wbich accompanies tbs ghostly game of ninepins had already resounded through the little room allotted tot Mies Ivanovo, and now tbe applanse of the aodlence and the shuffling of the ghosts as tbey moved off the scene announced that the act wae over. A neatly-dressed, matronly-looking lady, very different in appearanoe 'from tho traditional A dresser ' was standing outside tho door, evi dently anxious to oommence Miaa Ivanovo's " change " for the next aot, so tho visitor, with Miss Ivanovo's husband, stood not on the order of tbeir going, but " got," By-the way, thero is some romance attached to Miss Ivanovo's marriage. When in New Zealand a gentleman, Mr C. Tyrwhitt, was much fascinated by her singing. He obtained an introduction, and was still more fascinated the more intimately he became acquainted with her. Mr Tyrwhitt followed her travels twice through New Zealand, then to Sydney and Brisbane; and finally his suit was accepted at Adelaide, the marriage taking place ia No vember, 1884. Mr Tyrwhitt, according to tha Red Book, te a On of Sir H. T. Tyrwhitt, whoso baronetoy was created in 1808, and his mother < tho Baroness Berner, in her own right, bein9 Vm ' ' ' thawer--- ' - -- uexiW l, fo Edwftrd IV. la 1465. J1 1... however, that it will be long uRiore Miss Ivanova becomes merged into the hon. Mrs Tyrwhitt, for singers, like poets, are born rather than made, and Australians are still unsophisticated enough to prefer genius to "the guinea stamp." 