TRAINING NOTES. FLEMINGTON, Tuesday. A beautiful morning, but owing to the sand track being Blightly heavy trainers were not over anxious to start too early. ' J. Morrison had Hogmanay first on the sand ; but neither he nor St. Odille was called upon to go out of a canter. All Gold spun along six furlongs at strong three-quarter pace, Don Giovan putting in a good half mile. With the excep tion of Keuius, who negotiated a mile and a half at three parts speed, none of Mr.S.G.Cook's were ex'tendod. Menotti and" First Consul had a mile dash together, 6ix furlongs of which were passed over in lm. 21 Js. J. Tullv gave Middlemareh good strong work, Scylla exercising more moderately on the tan. The Don. James White's Hexham and Trident were the first, of the string to appear, the pair cantering round iu Indian file. Hexham has much the appearance of his brother Morpeth, and is a far more taking horse to look at than Trident, who is very plain, but evidently in the height of condition. Monte Christo and Lava exercised moderate!y in company. The grey horse does not appear to advantage at present, but the sister to Volcano displays a lot of quality. The other two year olds of Mr. White's string—Aberdeen, Sumatra, and rontifex— were indulged in a mock tussle for half a mile, the | record being 53!.sec., the trio finishing as named just the reverse of the previous morning. Volcano, Tamarisk, and Acme jumped off from the three-fur long post, and striding along at 13) seconds to the furlong, improved the pace a little in the middle of the journev, ea-lng down a bit in the home stretch, I and covering the mile in lm. 61'.s., lolcano havtng a good length advantage of his companions, Buekley put iu a fast half-mile on the tan. St. John, Allander, Genoe, and another of Coffey's rattled along a few | furlongs in even time. Jebusite and Patience came . home "fire furlongs at three-quarter pace. Success was supposed to accompany Hortense for half-a-unle flutter, but he was not the slightest assistance to her, the sister to Marie Louise running over him, and finishing the distance, pulling up, in 55«ee. Opal and Aglaos covered a mile at three-quarter speed; Black Snake and Bedouin brushing home four furlongs ; Commotion pottering on the tan, and The Pencil being an absentee. Abydos (brother to Newstead) and Orator spun over half a mile hi 53 jsee. ; Oceana and H untingtower took 57sec.; whilst Miranda, Trenton, and Fernandez exercised mode rately. Blairgowrie and Chesham strode over a mile ; in good style, the former moving specially well, and the time occupied being lm. 52Js., a really excellent performance on the part of Blairgowrie. B. Howie's Huron was given serviceable work. Kingmaster, The Fobber, and First Prince covered a fast mile, the former showing to most advantage. Evie and Alpha bet- were given medium pacing; but Tabard and Querv spurted home half a mile in first-class style. Harridan ar.d the brother to Trojan worked mode rately on the tan, as also did Plausible. W. Filgate had the Baron, Tarpeia, and Lady Carrington on the I ground, and J. Bill's quartet— Isonomy, Satyr, Per haps, and Probation—were also ill attendance. The brothers Cripps gave Dufferin, Albert Loddon, Sir Samuel (still on the improving side), Duration, Mid night, Harvester, and others of their charges very oasy tasks; but, although Duke of Athol was on the ground he did not occupy the tracks. Quentin Matscp was again in ausentee from W. E. Latin's team, and, with the exception that Damocles put in a couple of improving turns on the sand, the doings of the others call for no comment. Mr. M. P. Whitty gave Moolgai and the half brother to Sir Launceiot long strong work. A. Davies had Kiora working moderately on the sand, the Englishman—True Blue eolt patronising the tan; aud although he wa9 the latest arrival, during (he morning the A scot vale trainer Clipped the record by despatching Eagle Grange and Uaddelina from the ninc-furlongs pest, and finishing up at the mile-and-a- half post, the tune recorded being lm. SOjs. Or course the track was a deal drier than before breakfast time, but still the performance, especially on the part of Eagle Grange, was oi a very high order of merit. Wedjtesdat. A boisterous morning, wlr.cb would preveut, one ] would have thought, the lightest line being got by any time record. However, Mr. F. F. Dakin evidently - was uot of this opinion, for, slipping Bedouin end Citadel away from the five-furlong post in company with Vascosa, the brace executed a good Bpin, the mare being some distance aw ay at the finish, which thoroughly noupluesed the touts present. J. Geoghan sent Repose (a three-year-old half-sister to Gratitude, being by Conrad from Serenity),, who looks j about cherry-ripe, twice round the sand track. Mr. S. G. Cook's detachment were not extended. Aglaos and Opal exercised moderately, whilst Com motion, after cantering twioe round the tan, put in a j tnirdciicuit a little brisker, moving along very freoly. J. Morrison gave St. Odilie gentle exercise; All Gold, and Hogmanay, but not in company, brushing home { at three-quarter speed. J. Tully allotted Scylta long strong work on the tan. Fish o' Silver and First Consul slipped over an excellent mile, the brother to Hortense moving like a piece of machinery. H. Yeend alto gave Bupcrtswood useful work, but restricted Me notti to a gentle canter. The first brace of T. Lamond's string were Abydos and Fernandez, who 6wuug home steadily the last five furlongs of onof round. Huntinrtower and Oceana followed the example, traversing the last (our furlongs at evens. Though Miranda and Trenton each had Alec, liobert son in the saddle, they were not called on to exert themselves, and although Orator and Chesham strode along evenly the pace was not put on any portion of a journey round the outer circle Blairgowrie can tered quietly round. After Bendigo bad put in some sterling work on the two tracks Volcano was given a couple of turns on the sand by himself, Acmo following suit, and Trident, who seemed to be very anxious to be set going, carrying out the earn e program me, an did also Aberdeen, Pontifex, and Sumatra. Isonomy and Satyr put to long slow work on the sand, the former appearing to great'- advantage. Umbra brushed nnartly along half a miie. and Essie for six furlongs. Dunlop cantered twice round the outer circle, where; The Levite strode along at three-quarter pace. Lord Wilton was given a couple of improvingrounds; and Islander covered a miie in eren time ; Reticent, who having changed hands, is now .under B. Gray's care, (wing allotted the same medium pacing as Baldy. J. Wilson, jun.'s, team did nothing out of the common; and Blackthorn, Abdallah, Curiosity, Chorister, and Sara, of the Glasscock brigade, were more mildly treated than usuaL Hex ham displayed rare galloping powers the last five furlongs of a mile and a half with Monte Christo. Desperado was given strong work, as also tvas Har vester. Patience and Jebusite, Coffey's two year olds, exercised moderately on the tan,- as did the majority of the same trainer's oharges- .'St. John, who seems ready to jump out of his skin, being with difficulty kept hack by Williamson. Woodbine, of Oripps's team, was given a couple of Improving turns on the tan, and after Sir Bamucl, Duration, and others of the string had worked, the monotony of the morning was relieved by Albert Loddon (the fullj brother to Archie) and Dufferiu scampering half a mile in dOJsec. The pace was an undeniable cracker, but it must not he forgotten that the surroundings were extremely favourable, the track being in perfect order, and the animals having half a gale of wind be hind them. To show what a difference this last item - made, Maddelina, a few minutes afterwards, strode round the track at a fairish gait, but whereas She was a miuute going from the mile to the half-mile post, she' negotiated the second portion of the journey with the same apparent ease in 64se& Neither Duke of Athol, Dura tion, nor Quinttn Mateep went out of a outer, but Damocles aud Trent strode over a mlte ln lm. fits. During the morning the South AnsWUan hone Charcoal indulged m a bit eljonijiigqfer the big extent, the very first tfO of the morning pro vine con clusively that, although the outer circle looked a bit heavy, it was more so in appearance than in fact. Hog manay was the pioneer of real business, and as during- the last portion of a mile dash he covered five furlongs in lm, 8s,, the performance was a really good one. St. Odlllc ana Don Giovan exercised moderately on the tan, and All Gold came home the last 6ix fur longs of a couple of tours round the sand track in even time. Mr. S. G.Cook sent Kerausalong at. three qaarter pace, but the chestnut did not move with his accustomed vigour. The South Australian filly He pose put in about a mile and ft quarter on the inside track in fair time and excellent style. First Consul quite held his own against Menotti in an eight furlong gallop, Fish o' Silver also taking part therein ; Blairgowrie and Orator threw sis furlongs of a fast mile behind them in lm. 21Js. The gallop was the very soundest that has been executed at Fiemington this season, and should make the meeting of Volcano and Blairgowrie in the Caulfield Guineas very in teresting. Hardly inferior to the foregoing was the contest between* Chcsham and Fernandez, who finished pretty much Of a muchness, Middieiuarch, accompanied by Scylla, strode strongly over acvcn furlongs on the tan track, whilst The Baron put in a couple Qf improving turnB, Lady Carrington and Tarpeia patronising the same going, where J. Nichol son gave Dunlop a couple of circuits at half-pace. Miranda exercised slowly, Huntingtower and Oceana swung homo at three-quarter speed, and Ahydos and Orator rattled along five furlongs in iw. is. Trident was not extended, hut Volcano and Tamarisk put in a good mile, the last half of which was negotiated in 55see. Hortense and The Levite brushed home pretty smartly half a mile, and J. Hill's Perhaps and Proba tion moved very pleasingly over a similar distance in 64sec. Mr. K, Howie's Murmur cantered a couple of times rouud the tan track. Acme worked slowly on the sand, as also did Trenton, with A. Robertson up. R. Gray gave Mirth strong work, but restricted Reti cent to balr-pace. Yctman, in company with the Grand Prix—My Charmer colt, spurted half a mile. Pontifcx and Sumatra ran a fast halt mile ; Aberdeen and Lava being treated to similar work. Lord Wilton and Lara put in good serviceable work, and Margrave displayed rattling good form in a circuit of the tan. Agtaos and Opal went twice round the outer rink at half-pace; and Isonotny having executed a couple of improving turns, Satyr was given a sweat. First Prince, Ringmaster, and The Fobber traversed a fast mile. Jcbusite and Patience cantered and spurted ; and once more did St. John, who was accom panied by Allandcr, Gcnoc, and Cyclops, dis play great* anxiety to put in a good pipe-opener. Charcoal was given two medium rounds of the sand track. Monte Christo and Hexham rattled gaily along for a mile and a quarter, covered in 2in. 20}s., and the Hon. James White has undoubtedly got a rare good second string for his Melbourne Cup bow in his four-year-old brother to Mor peth. Commotion was pottering on the tan as usual. Islander, Desperado, Tabard, Query, Revenge, Evie, Sir S«inuel, Curiosity, Ahdal lah, Robin, Harvester, Duration, Kiora. Christine, Ma'atnua (a grand-looking colt.), Fa'r Play, Quintin Matscp, Trent, Dauiocies, Teuton, Design, Koystcrcr, Bugler, Verge, Joey, Honeycomb, and a host of others were given useful work ; the morning being brought to a close with a triangular duel between Ma-ldelina. Louis, and Kagle Grange, of which the former, who finished in a very slovenly manner, bad all the worst. Friday. An extremely quiet morning on the training tracks, a number of horses having taken their departure for Caulfield. Volcano, Tamarisk, and Sumatra were absent from the Don. James White's team; whilst Blairgowrie, Chesham, and Abydos, of T. Lamond's charges, did not put in an appearance. Orator was the first horse out on the arena, being despatched once round the sand ; Trenton and Fernandez being treated to long slow work on ihe tan. After Lieder tafel, Mainsail, Dividend, Marie Louise, and Remus had been allotted medium pacing. All Gold and Don Giovan brushed home the concluding portion of a twice-round journey. Repose and The Baron exer cised moderately on the tan, as also did Tarpeia; Lady Carrington striding twice round the outer circle. Hogmanay, with Hales up, wound up a circuit o: the sand by running three furlongs in 43sec. Hunting tower and Oceana came' home baif a mile in even time. IL Howie's huidlcraccr, Dunrobin, was accompanied by Huron for a five-furlong spurt, executed in lm. 10.1s. Mirth and Baldy were given useful work, so were Abdallah, Curiosity, Blackthorn, and later on Sir Samuel. : Cyclops, looking very well, strode twice round the outer circle Middleware!) and £cylla put in a mile oa the tan at three-quarter pace. Neither Acme, Lava, Moutc Christo, Hexham, nor Trident went out of a canter. The Derby oolt is undoubtedly in ex cellent fettle, but his near, fore-leg looks a bit tender, and when he stands for a moment exhibits signs of weakness. The Plunger, Metal, and Sedition were on the tracks for gentle exercise, as also were the Sydney hurdleracers C&loola; and Bound. Yctman spun along half a mile in even time; Aglaos and Black Snake fol lowing the example. Islander and Desperado ran a mile in lm. 651s. Perhaps, Probation, and Satyr cantered quietly" on the sand, where Dunlop, Lord Wilton, and St Julian also operated ; Hani Jan moving along on the tan. Duke of Atbol and Quintin Matscp each exercised moderately; but Albert Loddon, Dufferin, Yule Cake, and Harvester spurted half a mile in 52?.sec., whilst Damocles and Trent covered a mile in lm. 53!s. Distiller, Contingent, Misfortune, and Aristocrat were assigned easy work; whilst Char coal was put through a long course of mixed pacing. Ecgie Grange and MaddWiua (the latter bring piloted by Coiley) traversed half a mile ill 53sec.; Eagld Grange striding along in A1 style. CAULFIELP, Tuesday. Trainers were at business by half-past 5 o'clock, and there wasa good attendance of visitors to witness the horses going through their preparations. Some capital wort was done, though the going was some what holding, which, of course, caused the titnc to be a bit slow. Mr. John Leek was the first on the ground with bis team, and, after cantering Kenneth a round on the tan, he went on to the turf and strode along for a useful gallop over a mile, Master John joining him at the five-furlongs jwst. > , Beckwlth ran a brisk pace over five or six furlongs; St Paul and tbo two ye-.r olds were cantering. Ben Bolt appeared on the track in a light quarter-6beet, and did a can ter ; he afterwards went to the bottom of the straight, when he came along at a strong pace, Lando joining him at ihe stand turn, and Ambassadress at the half mile post, the son of N'ewbold performing a very nioe gallop over a mile and a half. Chuckster ran over a mile of ground at a strong gallop, and he went free and well. Western was doing some fair pace exer cise, the Sussex colt being treated to long work on the sand and tan. Anarchy, Warficld, Bridegroom, and Whitebait were all striding along tor brisk exercise. Lady Ash ton did some serviceable work on Hie sand over a couple of miles. Bonnie Lad also did sound work. The Loafer and Union exercised slowly in company. Carnarvon and Eugenie ran at a sharp pace over fire or six furlongs. Louise Berta, Meala grida, Lord Sutton, and Upper Crust were on the trades. Highland Chief ran once round the track for a working gallop, Blondin joining him for the latter portion of the journey. Lord Allan also ex ercised. AJax and Brunette did some fair pace work on ihe sand, and Retort was bowling along over a mile on the turf at a strong poos. SUvermine and The Chanter, after cantering a cirrie of the track, ran a useful gailop onoe round, Siroooo joining the Cup horse the last five or six furlongs. Bonnie uoon did some smart work over a mile on Hie turf; and Faithful worked on the sand, as also Chicago and Marmion. The two year olds Glentworth ana Lady Lovell were doing a bit of brisk work on the turf over half a mile. Mr. Harper's two year olds, Ou nival, Nectarine, and Julian Grey worked mildly. Jones sent Mia Mia, Epicurean, and The Wave in , company, and they ran home at a smart pace over the lost half-mile. New York and Bohemian cantered, when the pair executed a useful gallop over a mile ana a half, both horses going well, Delamia, Dougaleton, Louis II., and others of the team were on ihe tracks. Clarendon worked in oompany with St Albert and Young Horatio, and Maori Chief was going slowly. Preston strode along over a mile and a half; he was joined JoyCestus at the mile-post Little John apd Jim Oalu cantered once round the tan, and then the pair performed a strong gallop ohthe turf onoe round. King of the West and Jack were treated to three-parts speed exercise on the tan, where Greoulus Esuriens, Walter, and others of Koran's worked. Grace Darling did a capital working gallop onoe round the running track. MiUvtreaw Leading her along at a rare pace. Gadfly, Hone, cantered, and finished up with a sharp half-mile. The Ghost, in hand, was treated to gentle exorcise. Empress, Hot Iron, and Crane in oompany bowled along over a mile for a good pipe-opener. Cricket and the six year-old gelding Patlenoe worked on the tan. Mr. G. Davis treated Garnering, Daystar, Meerschaum, and Dexter to a bit of striding excrctae over seven or eight furlongs. Das Robinson did similar work with his pair, Crown Brand and land Shark. *wwdm ond Albfthui worked in cmdmot on tho sand and tan for a sharpish gallop over a mils. OadJand, Berkley, and First Pop ran a brisk paoe over wxfurlopfta .Hannlhal and Borax were cantering. Townley etrode aiongon the sand for capUal work, "efishpntML umberto also was at exercise. .WMWiPoled over the (onoe*. ■ Kelly Sao sept Narrung. Newma'tcr and I.ittle Jim were treated ! to some good pace exercise on the sand for a circle, and Fubcc strode along for good work in company with a Conrad gelding. Isabel and Alexandra were | exercising. There were several other horsos working during the morning. Thursday-. The heavy fall of rain on the previous evening had its effects on the tracks, which were eomcwhat hold ing, and the ranger kept the running ground closed, Tho morning broke fine, with a very ooldatmosphere, I and a strong southerly wind, accompanied by some sharp rain-showers. YVork commenced early, end the tan track, which was good goiug, was most in request. Mr. Leek set the ball rolling with Kenneth and Master John, who 6trode along for some useful exercise, though separately. - Beckwith was also treated to some three-parts pace worn for a round. Bonnie Lad, witli Retort, galloped onco round, the hurdle horse having most to say at the finish. Geraldinc accompanied Huron over a couple of miles for useful exercise ; and Nabooklish was schooling over the fences, like a workman. Louise Bcrta, The Loafer, Eugenie, Carnarvon, and others of Mr. Connolly's were working. Lady Ashton bowling along for some strong exercise over two miles and a half. Highland Chief ran twice round for a working gallop, followed by Blondio. Lord Allen oantered. Doyle sent his horses, Young Horatio, St. Albert, and Maori Chief for striding exercise over I a mile, and Clarendon went medium work. Sirocoo was doing some brisk work, also Faithful. The two t ear olds Glentworth and Lady Lovel were moving ; along sharply over three or four furlongs, and Chicago was doing brisk pace exercise for a circle of the tan, the steeplechase horse Mannion also putting in Botnc long work. Mark Thompson sent Uavelock for some good pace exercise, followed by Ellington and Toronto, who galloped once round strong. The six year old I alienee and Cricket worked In company, and New- i master, who is a useful- looking son of Newminstcr and Primrose, rattled a circuit of the tan for a good | working gallop. He was followed by his stable own panions Gasbumer and Little Jim at intervals. Julian Gray was cantering in hand. Ben Bolt ran a couple of times round from half to three-parts speed, and Chucketcr did similar exercise over a mile; so did Western. Kelly also had Whitebait, Warfleld, Lando, Anarchy, the Sussex oolt, Narrung, Ambassadress, und Bridegroom all moving along for some briskish pace exercise. King was exercising Fusee. F. Long had all his horses doing moderate work. Little John and Jim Cain strode along once round for a nice gallop, and King of the West, in company with Jack, were doing some strong exercise twice round. Aj»x and Brunette were treated to some capital exercise. Townlcy strode along at a sound pace for twice round, and Poca hontas, with Craberto, brushed along for a brisk gallop over six or seven furlongs, as also did Aibanus and Footman. Cad land was moving along smartly with first Pop for a circuit, and Berkeley bowled along over a similar distance for goodqtace work. Jones treated New York to the strongest gallop performed during tho morning; alter going once round at a strong pace be had Bohemian for n companion, the pair running another time for a useful gallop, hew York ehou'd have an outside show for the Cauifieid Cup. Epicurean and Mia Mia worked mildly, they having done a good spin on the previous day in company with Wave. Good- < wood was treated to long exercise, Delamia, Dougaiston, and several others of the team at work. Mr. Davis's horses were restricted to half- 1 pace exercise, and Crown Brand strode along for a nice breather, his stable companion, Land Shark, following suit. There were several other horses on the tracks during the morning. In the afternoon the ranger opened the running track, and at 3 o'clock Sitvermine and Bonnie Loon eiherged from the scraping-sheds, and, after cantering a mile and a haif, they galloped once round the ground outside the hurdles, and, though the track was a bit holding through the showers that fell during the day, I it was fair going, and the gallop was a good one. Mr. Rcid's team and 6cvcral other horses wcro work ing on the tan and sand. BALLARAT, Monday- Morning, Scobie was first on the ground this morning, and set work going with his hunters, (he pick of tnem, 1 think, being Goldfinder. Sir Liuncelot went long steady work ; be is looking very well. Blue Moun tain, Norfolk, and Recall then com: out, strode steadily round once, then slipped along a good mile and a half. Norfolk being soon disposed of, Recall strode away from Blue Mountain, and finished a sterling good gallop. T. Wilson's horses being on the move, I turned my attention to them. Coronet, looking muscular and fresh, trotted round twice. Game strode along for good useful work, looking blooming, ; his usual companion Huntsman was not working. The Cup candidates Britisher and Sheet Anchor strode along at a-strong pace twice round, doing by a long way the best work of the morning, the "boys evidently riding to orders and finishing together. All the other horses did slow work. Ferguson's string exercised siowly. Howie's horses were walk ing. Tcesday Morning. Seobic started work ajjain with his hunters, Gold finder doing a real sound gallop. Sir Launceiot was treated to steady work, then out came Blue Mountain and Recall ; starting away at a steady pace, they picked up Norfolk and strode along once round strong, Norfolk being again disposed of easily, while the other two finished a strong good gallop. Game was striding along as usual, Coronet repcatingyester day's work. Sheet Anchor and Britisher went good three-quarter pace twice round. Oakleigh went steady work. Huntsman was still missing. Wilson's other horses simply cantered. Ferguson sent Yet Again and Braciman, strong work, Native doing good useful exercise. Michael and NighQtght Etrode along twice round for good work, Howie sent Dun robin a useful gallop ; his two year olds Murmur and St Ursula strode along for three furlongs, and his other horses were walking. 