STATE EDUCATION. TO THE EDITOR. Yours, &c.;, FAIRFIELD. SIR, —Although Bishop Moorhouse (as I am informed on excellent authority) possesses broad sympathies, a robust character and a powerful intellect, yet in spite of all these advantages he has. put tlie weight of his in fluence into the wrong scale as regards education. His mind is troubled with no working doubts as to the efficacy of a system of Statu education; though we are told that tlie Holy Ghost is not to be bought with money, yet it has not occur: ed to him that we cannot .buy progress, either moral or spiritual, with lavish expenditure of cash, not even with tlfe assistance of complicated regulations, numerous officials, and palatial editiees. But though the good bishop has spoken of “our schools” as if there was something in them to bo proud of, yet lie has serious fault to find, on the ground that religious instruction is not made part of tne school curriculum. He declares that morality can never “ become a determining force in human character, unless it win its motive and support from Christianity,” and quotes iSir Robert Peel, who said of secular education that it is “ only half an education, with the more important half left out.” He asks—“ What is the use of reading, writing, and arithmetic, without that constraiuim' sense of duty which subdues sellish passioig and employs all mental force and acuteness in the eifort to do good to others.” And he• is of opinion that you cannot create the sense of duty in aChristiau land without teaching the Christian religion, To my mind, it appears that in logical sequence to these sentiments must come a desire to remove the present system, which is established on a basis neither moral nor religious, in order to make room fora better. Rot so with Uie bishop; like many others, lie has his “ true remedy” at hand, which I give in his own words— “ What, then, is the true remedy for all the evils which I have pointed out? 1 would say, in short, the adoption of the recommenda tions in which both sections of the Education Commission agreed. Interpret the word ‘ secular ’ in the Act to mean undenomina tional. Let non-denominational relndous instruction be given in the .State schools by the teacher as part of the regular course, and add a conscience danse lor teachers and scholars.” Here is the “true remedy,” pro posed by the excellent bishop, but he surely cannot have sufficiently considered the capa bilities of the teachers, to whom he would delegate the duty of teaching morality and religion. Hearn from Sir A. Michie’spamphlet that our system requires the teachers to be ready to teach the following “ extra subjects” Whenever they may be required, viz;—Ad vanced English, French, German, Latin, Greek, Euclid, algebra, trigonometry, mensu ration, book- keeping, ’ history, chemistry, magnetism, natural science, physiology, physics, physical geography, shorthand, ornamental printing, and fancy needlework. Weil, granted that a teacher be able to in struct in all these subjects, yet it by no means follows that he is competent to teach cither manners, morals, or religion, in these-“ extra subjects” he has passed no examination, he holds no certificate of competency ; ho who teaches manners should have good manners of his own; he who teaches morality should act up to a high moral standard, he who would teach Christianity must bo himself a Chris tian. Before I stop, allow me, sir, to make some allusion to the recent Hogging case at the Macarthur street school, which, though dismissed from the courts, is by no means dismissed from the mind of the public. Mr Lamble, I believe, enjoys some reputation as a singing-master, and 1 have been told that Mr Cox is considered “an excellent teacher,” yet even the confiding bishop must acknow ledge that such men as Messrs Cox, Lamble, and Bradley, who combined in punishing a delicate little fellow, bearing a good charac ter outside the school walls, are not the men whom the public could safely trust to teach a religion of loving kindness, peace, and good will. Hoping I have said nothing hurtful to the feelings of Mr Cox’s apologists (which certainly cannot be very sensitive), 