CATHMSiLDT&AJSmG; NOTES. Melboubks, Thursday Afternoon.— To-darB work at Caumeld was commenced before 6 o'clock. 'Kenneth ran a »t*oig six furlongs, Master John' striding; aboompenied him over the last three or four furiongB. Crown Brand' followed overthe same distance for a pipe-opener ,- this Bon of Jung of the Sing moving along In good style. His stable.oompanion Land Shark put in a strong round on ttesand. Carnarvon and Eugene rattled along-at a merry ^ittce over five furlongs. HiabooUiBh, acjoompanied by Uevalase, did serviceable work over the echooUng hurdles. Bonnio Lad, after cantering, moved smartly once round on' the fiand. Louise Berta brushed along for four f arlongs. xnv iioaxer was futsras^a ou -ihb iau ub u buuu miuurp canter.'. The steeplechasers, lady Ashton and Union finished with some half-pace exercise. Ben Bolfjuuvpedoff to, iron tor stand, and put in 'a (tood working gallop once rouhu. ' dmcVster strided along with him for a, mile. Woifern moved round for useful work. Anarchy. Lando, aid- Waxfield were each dispatohsd f or strong work over. -&^e furloncs. The Sussex horse 'put in long serviceable exercise. Little John and Jack strode. along for half a mile. Jim Cain then took up the running with the Cap horse, and the pair accom plished a good useful gallop once round; both weat strongly and well. King of the West put in a round or two tic the tan at about holf-paoe, while others of this team were doing varied exercise. Quandong, with over 8st up, performed good sound work over a' mile and a ball} to was attended by St. Albert and Young Horatio at different parts of the journey. The .son of Torchlight galloped strongly and well ; this was the second-best performance of the meralng. It was only eclipwfby Silvermihe, which horse, accompanied by Bonnie Doon, aceom^liahed the best round that has been Beeo this season. The handsome looking son of Napoleon moved along in capital style, and finished well, walking off ? as' found a* a bell. The Bohemian, looking as fresh as paint, strode once round on the tan. .Epicurean and Mia Mia brushed along in company for half a mile, as alao did Louis H. and Alexandra. New York and the Stag put in BOme good work on the tan. Delamia waa treated to mild exercise on tiie sand. Dougalstou, accompanied by Cestus, put in a strong mils. Gadfly and Empress strode along smartly for half a mile. Grace Darling put in a round alone for good striding work. The Ghost and others did good steady exer cise, Albanus and Cadland put in useful work in company. Lord Allen and Highland Chief strode along for throe or four furlongs. Camerine, lookitignice and i-int, strode along for are or six furlongs. Her stable companions, Dayatar sad Henschaum, went through the same exercise. Maori Chief, Isabel, Fusee, Lottery, Patience, Cricket, Pocahontas, Townley, TTmberto, Ajax, Bennett, Haunibal, Bpreas, and several others, were put' through medium «r-?r-i1we. Footman, First Pop, and Barkley left this morning to inlfll their engagements at Ballazat. 