City Chat. bv The Fabceub. The King is dead ! Long live the King I As a matter of fact, however, our King is only half dead, or, perhaps, it is more correct to say he died, and, like the Phoenix, sprang to life again out of the ashes of his funeral pyre, and has since died again through the bursting up of the Coalition Ministry, Sir John Robertson having given up the political ghost Sir Patrick Jennings has succeeded in form ing a Ministry, and we have the satisfaction now of knowing that the country is bossed by ft Government which is recruited from the strongest party in the House. The names of our new rulers and their occupations are— Sir P. A. Jennings ... Premier and Colonial » Treasurer. Mr. G. R. Dibbs ... ... Colonial Secretary. Mr. J, H. Want v;'. ... Attorney- General. Mr. H. Copeland Minister for Lands. Dr. Renwick Minister for Public Instruction. Mr. Lyne ..*. Minister for Works. Mr. Sui'Ton Postmaster-General. Mr, Garvan ... Minister for Justice. Mr. Fletchur ... ... Minister for Mines. Every name in that list is the name of a man of j weight, and we.have reason to hope that the reign of misrule is over at last, and that our representa tives will now settle down to work in 'earnest and atone for the shameful waste of time which has taken place of ,la|e.> At the same time, however, it j is painfully evident that if the new crowd intend to pull well together some of them must consent to go back on their'lîitherto hold opinions, and swallow a few pills .of. a. most distasteful mixture. Sir. Copeland, for'instance, (if rumour doesn't lie worse than .'a<¡' cable correspondent) has accepted office on-certain conditions only, and it is generally understood- that these conditions have reference, not on,y to the position he should occupy in the new team; but nlso to the nature of the two knights' financial policy. Being a staunch advocate of ad valorem duties 'Mr,;"Copcland is certain to haul out his fad without' delay, and, judging from the averse criticism his opinions on this score have already received in our. daily Press, it is probable that lus appointment may not be looked upon as an unmixed blessing to us all. Mr. Abbott has firmly decided that the patriot's part is played out, and for the future he intends to look after his own private interests first and those of the public afterwardst Ho has determined to be a free lance and make alternate thrusts at his brother members and liis bete noir, the irrepressible bob-tailed rabbit. # # * As might be expected, Sir 'Eiiry looks upon the new Ministry with unmitignted'disgust. The idea of any Government of which lie is not the head being equal to the task of successfully ruling the land is a thing which, to his modest mind, is supremely ridiculous. " We have already arrived says the disappointed Knight, at a stage when thero is not only no Government but also no Opposition.'' Wo are drifting into the most unprecedented and of unheard of stato of things, and what is called a coalition should, in the opinion of the honest old Knight of Fnuleonbridge, be more appropriately termed a conspiracy. The Opposition benches are well filled just now with men who had turned the late Government out. but according to Sir 'Enry, all these are in the swim, and cannot be honored with the title,of Opposition members. All this is very, sad, of course, but one thing is dead certain/ and that is, that as soon as over the new team settles fairly down to work, thero will be a goodly Opposi tion to thwart their schemes, and Sir 'Enry himself will lead this army on to glory or. the grave. Fail ing to strike either points, however, the refreshment room will afford a pleasing shelter, and wo will liavo the satisfaction of knowing that, for a few months at least, the crushed politician will-have ample timo to devote to the editing of that disastrous diary. Our chief scurco of anxiety just now lies in the probablo result of the re- elections, aud it is high time that the absurd farce.of sending new Ministers back to their electorates should bo abolished? After, weeks of woeful waste of time, during which the business of the State lias gone to the King of Slieol with, a velocity worthy of n better cause, we have at length yarded a Ministry that is about as good bb we caii make such articles "to-day, and yet the fate of this arduously formed Government lies at. the mercy of one elector from-,tlio Bognn. It is no secret that Sir Patrick* Jennings had to work all lie kiicw to socurchis last,election. Even then lie only won on the post by,half a head, and judging from this, there is a chance that the Bogan people may ».put up an opponeut who will stand a show of burst up all tlio labors of the past week. 11 is to be hoped, howovor, that tlio electors will have moro common sense than to try this on, and that wo will be soon enabled to form a fair idea of liow the colony i« likely to' prosper -under tlio rulo of the .Tonning's administration. ' One tiling' is decidedly'' satis factory, viz Wo are now bossed by men who nre 1 lie very pink of honor, and we can rest assured that all they do will bo fair and above board* # # Like Mr. Abbott, Messrs Slattei'y> and Hey don have come to the conclusion that the proper, look out for a family man is that important figure, No. Ii. These gentlomon have improved on tlio rabbit worrier's theory, however.1"by handing in their re signations, and it is only fair to them to say that this is a dccidcd loss to tho country. Differing as ■ widely as daylight from darkness in their political -, opinions, both: these gentlemen have over comported themselves in a manner which reflected credit on the whole of the Legislativo assembly. ■ Both; have. ' tasted, ,or rather smelt: the sweots oE office, and have, apparently come to the conclusion.thai; they. are not ..worth following-aCter. ■ The fact of tho,"two worthy men llko those declaring that a'sunt in11 Parliament' v.isiti luxury which' thoy, ovon .with'their extensive» -.business.:eaunot:,.afford, ,,.opens . up. n-...vory serious question-for .us, however, because it points, straight to tlio fact thatwo must cither pay our representa tivos a fair salary, or else (rust to a crowd oE legls ■ la tors, of'whom somo will liavo to make a living by' hook or by crook, (the latter for choice) and go to hwoU' the ■ noble army ;of the five-and-twenty pountiors. Jt is within tlio limits to stiy-that in. addition: to thciloss of valuablo timo, each lion.! member' who conscientiously does Iiis duty to his elccloroto must spend ,£200 a year out of his own pocket, and ■ therefore; it is linnl to seo.how a poor! . man in this case lias any show;,at all. Whilst, re gretting the loss. of . Messrs Slattcry and Hoydoii, however, it is somo.trifling consolation to knów that tlio ranks ofvtho/ ••-Devil'«'Brigade V : aro iboing' lhinnod in tlio Sonate, for thero is no getting away! from tlio fact that wo liavo too many lawyers i«< Parliament now, and as a matter of course, the moro • lawyers the loss the law. ■■■•■ « # # ■ '. ¡Tlio question of water supply. has us by tlio wool once ^ more;'/, Wlion1 tho pellucid waters of tlio NcpeanHvero turned on* wofondlyMioped.nll, our fiildicnl'troublcswer.) over, but wo little know, tho real nature of our civic bunglera. To-day, the waters are almost bursting through the dams, but we are8tillkeptonanintermittcntsupply,ÉÍmply¡because none of our City Fathers have teen able to forsee that two measley little toy squirts would not be capable of pumping the water sufficient to supply a city holding a quarter of a million of thirsty citizens, gome idea of how our municipal muddlers mess things up down here may be guessed from the fact that six years ago the Council employed an expert man named Mr. Norman Seife to examine and report on our Botany dams machinery. This was done, and Mr. Seife officially declared that we had then three engines on hand, two of which were constantly at work ; that the machinery was old enough to have been built by Tubal Cain, or some other antideluvian tradesman, and that if we pitched it into the sea and supplied its place with new engines, iio., like those at the Crown-street works, we would reduce our working expenses by £3000 a year. Had this advice been acted on, the whole cost of the new plant would have been fully cleared off to-day, and we would have enough water in the city now to start a second Deluge, but, although Mr. Selfe's report was duly read, and endorsed by our City Engineer as well, it was care fully pigeonholed, and apparently never thought of until the present moment. Some enthusiast has recently proposed that a treadmill should be con nected with the Botany works and our pampered criminals forced to go on the tramp and earn tlieir keep by the new idea, but I would go one better still, and suggest that our City Fathers who have so disgracefully abused the trust confided 'to them, should be compelled to step up and atone for tlieir negligence by footing the water down while our new Town Hall organ peals forth the stirring strain of "Tramp, tramp, the Boys are Mar-r-chieg," and the citizens stand round and encourage them on with quince switches or delicate reminders from slips of the prickly pear. # # * Socialism in England is the alarming cry which comes from across the duck pond to-day, and beyond all doubt if something is not' quickly done •to respond to the bitter wail of outcast London, and the country parts as well, there will be parlous times in England before long. For years past there has been a terrible amount of suffering and destitu tion amongst the artizan and laboring population in London, and the keen pangs of starvation have at length reached a pitch beyond all endurance. Meantime, the wealthy magnates of the land have looked .idly on, or, rather, they did not even trouble themselves to look, but held tiufavblue-blooded noses as they passed a poor man b¿, and wondered at the audacious impudence of such vile creatures in coming between the wind and their nobility. These heedless gentry have sown the whirlwind, and it now looks as if they were about to reap the storm. The fact of lier Majesty, who lias the credit of being particularly close-fisted, having recently donated £500 towards relieving the starving poor of all England shows that the top shelf society at homo is at length beginning to grasp the danger of the situ. ation. 1 _ # ■ # ■ - In order to got a fair grip of this trouble wo slionld keep carefully in view the fact that thou1 sands of persons in the east end of London are living like hogs, and we should then take a glance at the following nice little revenues drawn by a-few of the favored crowd whom an accident .of birth has pitchforked into prosperity. First,' however, I may mention that the salaries connected with the. Eng lish Court total upwards of £54,000 a year, and nearly the whole of this sum is whacked amongst dukes, duchesses, lords, knights, and honorables who hold the various billets and manage to keep the wolf from the door by their little courtly per quisites. The Earl of Dalhousie, for example, owns a large amount of house property and 110,000 acres of land. His yearly rent-roll is £00,000, yet he draws £702 peï annum as a " lord-in-waiting." Then, again, we find that the keep of her Majesty's yachts (which are seldom used more than twice a year, and then they generally kill someone) comes to £100.000, and then, turning to the lesser fry, we find Lord Derby, who draws £G00 sterling a' dayt the Duke of Bedford £800 a day, the Duke of Devon, shire ¡6700 a day, the Earl of Lonsdale £1000 a day, the Duke of Norfolk £1000 a day, the Duke of West minster £2000 a day, and so on, and so,on, through the' hundred thousand, who represent the upper crust of England.; Not one of tlioso over bothered their hends particularly as to whether the lower strata lived or died, arid therefore it is little wonder to And them suddenly startled to-day by the significant cry of Socialism in England. # # ■ # . Turning to a'moro cheerful theme, our. readers, will,' I am. sure,:,bo delighted to hear that Sir, Charles • Düke is^about to visit the Land of the Golden Fleece fór-Üi2='ahem 1—good of his delicate health. Sir Charles has been considerably annoyed at home of late, and as usual, there was a woman at the'bottom of his troubles. She was a married woman too, one Mis.1 Crawford, a society belle whoso husbniv.l charged'¿Sir Chawlcs with abusing the''rights of hospitality, and committing the crime 'of adulter)'. The'verdict in this case was one. of < the funniest yet recorded, as the .jury actually found that Mrs. Crawford did commit adultery I with Sir Charles DilUe, but that he did not'with her 1 How this was managed I cannot say, but .it seems to be a distinction without a difference, and recalls the yordict of anothor sapient jury who found a prisoner not guilty , of the offence . lio was charged with,hut added a recommendation to him not to cto the thing agnin. From the brief items cabled I out, it appears that the details of Mrs. Crawford s j confession not only acknowledged the adultery,, but ¡ described certain other acts ot Sir Chavvlos which, as¡ St. Paul snys, •< should not be. even- meutioried amongst us," and lieiico itls.tlmt.wo aro ; not wholly surprised'' to find Sir Chawleä liar decided' to take a header, down south, and then.bob ¿up,, soipnoly. when the clouds roll by. It is n significant fact that ho (lid not daro to go. into, the witness-box himself and stand a cross-exam,, but I hopo for the snko of our cherished aristocracy, that tlieso dem d annoying little incidents will not detract from our cordial • welcome-'-to the great English statesman. Mrs. Crawford remains at homo. In misery, n. fact which shows that our treatment of tho seducer, and seduced still romains unchanged. 