CRUMBS. National humiliation, 2,447 marriages last year, March land sales, £15,031. English crops looking well. Goolwa fishermen now satisfied. G.O.M. likely to be snuffed out. Plenty oi fish now from Goolwa. Band oi Adelaide 8 per cent. div. Women are perfidious as a wave. Kimberley gold on view in Perth. Bank oi Adelaide's net profit £25,945, All UP with the Easter Encampment. First water train arrived at Wallaroo. Scott won that Sydney walking match. Another big order ior our colonial wine, To London and back in 4 hours 13 minutes, Victoria as depressed as New South Wales. A man's beBt portion or his worst is a wife. Bad news—English wheat market weaker. London wool sales closed with better spirit. Choose a wife rather by your ear than your eye. E. T. S. doing good work for onr Exhibi tion. Derby land sold at upwards of £120 per acre. South Australians funk too much. Quite true. Ally-Gator has no room to smile in that tank. Belair Forest Reserve yielding £10 per diem. A hopeful speech, Mr. Johnson; may it do good. Excess of births over deaths last year, 8,059. Nothing is more like an honest man than a rogue. Savings Bank depositors returned to their senses. National life is bound up with national purity. Plenty of calls for charity this coming winter. Conservator Brown off to his South-Eastern reserves. Clement Sabine's newborn ,piety ruled out of Court. Knights of Labour—over a million active members. Goldsbrcugh & Co. declared 10 per oent. dividend. Good idea—Start silver smelting at Port Adelaide. 10 pc-r ceut. reduction in wages of tramway employes. No rain for 12 months near the Queensland boundary. BurraBurra Mines have a credit balance of £69,636. A six-foot alligator in three inches of water at the Zoo. Pity we haven't more such men as Farmer Steinwedel. Our state of depression iB largely due to wrongdoing. Mr. Beresford's West Indian yarns will be sadly missed. Shocking example—destruction of trees by Cite Fathers. The 220 millions have now dwindled down to 50 millions. City Laud Company to rest on its oars .for a twelvemonth. Estimated population of Adelaide and suburbs. 127,000. Confidence restored—new acconnts opening at Savings Bank. GreekB likely to get another scolding from the Great Powers. Jockeys Archer and Wood make £19,000 a year between them. k. Queensland mustera 1,100 in camp. How many at Largs Bay. 56 per cent, saving by using oil fuel instead of coal on steamers. Another run upon the Savings Bank— paying in this time. The R.V.F. have now appealed direct to the Chief Secretary. The R.V.F. will communicate direct with the Chief Secretary. Why Bhould those trees, the growth of years, be destroyed? N.S.W. Legislature vote £17,000 a year for technical instruction. The more, virtuous a man is, the more virtue does he see in others. Baroota farmers advancing good arguments for water conservation. Humility is the first of virtues—for other people.—O. W. Holmes. Another shocking story from Lithgow Colliery. More funeralB. People should be careful before rushing to the Kimberley Goldfields. Two Insurance Companies buildings to be erected in Grenfell-street. Revolution in steamship navigation—using liquid fuel instead of coal. Two old colonists, one aged 86 and the other 80, just died at Port Elliot. Eurambeen clip averaged 2s. per lb.—some wool still fetches good prices. Queensland has over a million and a quarter sheep less than it had a year ago. The old game—Corporation destroying the costly work of their predecessors. English Peers have an average of £30,000 a year, and 35,000 acres of land a piece. The Assembly without its Beresford will, be as bad as Hamlet without the ghost. Salvation Adjutant in Brisbane got two days in cells for tooting an instrument. W hen is a Scotchman like a donkey? When he stands on the banks and braes (brays). Bishop Kcnnion has promised to accept the position of Vice-President of the Y.M.C.A. A £5,000 Town Hall is to be erected for the Port Augusta Councillors to wrangle in. The rainy day—M.U.O.F. Widow and Orphan Fund £11,789 15s. 3d.; 12,069 mem bers. A grey-haired venerable Port pilot is going home to see his grand old father, aged 69 years, Superannuated Tommy Atkins to come to Australia. Better chance for work, says the C.-in-C, Relatives of Peers inEogland have received from 1855 until the present time 120 millions sterling. Whatever thou lovest, pray that thou mayest not set too high a value upon it.— Martial.. Two million acres in the South-Bast if sold would pay the colony's debt — says Mr. Johnson. Old {Indian) soldiers to be sent to the colo nies instead of England. Cemeteries not so crowded. Harrold Brothers adding to their Port premises; they evidently have confidence in the colony. Broad ideas are hated by partial ideas; this is, in fact, the Btruggle of progress.— Victor Hugo. J. C. F. J. suggests that £50,000 a year might be saved he abolishing the V. M.F, and the Protector. London Syndicate formed with a capital of £250,000 to construot the East and West Coast Railway. " South Australia ruined past redemption." A twelvemonth hence will give the lie to that statement. It cost Mike McKeough and Mike Cash man 27b. 6d. each to amicabiy settle the G.O.M.'s policy. English-speaking peoples less given to drinking habits than the French and Germans. Alphabetical Johnson says New Zealand is in an incalculably worse condition than Sonth Australia. The Chancellor's Budget shows a falling off of £1,000.000 in estimated revenue from, alcoholic liquors. 80 much for protection—S. A. wool from 20 to 40 per cent, lower; woollen goods 10 to 30 per cent, higher. Total amount to be provided for the pur chase of Irish land is £50,000,000, issuable within three years. Paters and Maters, see that yonr olive branches are vaccinated. Smallpox knock ing at the side door. Town and Country Bank have as security to its creditors £1,270,565, while its liabilities amount to £520,565. Bank of South Australia Directors say Further withdrawal of money from the Re serve b und not required. Better to spend half a million on reproduc tive workB than to lose population as we are doing—says Mr. Richards. Comforting for] teetotallers to know that they swallow only 31J grains of solids to the gallon from their water-taps. Bishop Barry doesn't think setting apart a day for public prayer on account of drought either necessary or desirable. Those two young men who were killed at Terowie on Tuesday were brothers of Miss Arnold of the Zenana Mission. Mr. Farnell warns the Irish landlords that the offer to purchase their estates, if not accepted, would not be repeated, Adelaide.and Suburban Football Associa tion are to play on the Adelaide _ Oval this season; Senior Association out of it. Wallarooites don't mind being taxed for their bottled liquor, but the; object to Government cheating them out of their water. The gross income of the Australian Mutual Provident Society for the year 1885 was £1,160,418, being £134,589 larger than that of 1884. Quotation for to-day—When we have one fad found us, we are very apt to supply the next out of our own imagination. —O. IT. Holmts. Commercial disasters might have been averted by good harvests and better prices, but would the moral mischiefs have been avoided ? Northern District Licensing Bench Chair man thinks he has discovered a plan of break ing up the brewers' monopoly. Easier said than done. The provisions relating to CustomB and to the2 exclusion of Irish members from the Imperial Parliament are not to be regarded as | vital points. £100,000 ready money is the amount said to be proffered the Duke of Ediuburgh for the sale of his inheritance to the Duchy of Saxe Coburg and Gotha. At Homewood, Pennsylvania, a well has been bored 0,000 feet below the surface, a reoord kept, and portion of each formation met with preserved. C. His Excellency the Governor has expressed a desire to attend the Onkaparinga Meeting on Monday. Of course the committee will be very glad to eee him. The man who lights a grass fire is in the same position as a man who keeps a Bengal tiger—he is responsible for the mischief it does if it escapes his cont Our magniheent buildings, our immense landed estate, our splendid geographical position, ought to satisfy any one that this is not nor cannot be a failing place. A Glasgow firm recently received orders to build for the Russian Government six engines of l,000 horsepower each, and another Clyde firm got orders for two torpedo rams. Providence has rebuked our greed of mere possession, and compels ns to reflect whether there is not some source of good other than mere acquisition or luxury of daily life. The " three acres and a cow" scare is having effect in Cornwall. The Prince of Wales has been selling a number of cottages with laud attached on the Royal estate. "What metal is this queer little paper weight?" she asked, "That's block-tin," said the artist. " Acd what is this un finished crayon sketch ?" "Oh, that's blocked out!" There are two manners of disputing—one by debating, the other by fighting; the termer characterises men, the latter brutes ; bat if the former cannot be adopted, recourse must be had to the latter. Sound advice for navvies—Avoid gambling and intemperance, save your earnings for a couple of years, get homesteads, and make to yourselves some provision and resting place tor the evening of your life. Advice to Correspondents,—When your article is completed, crunch your paper in your pocket, and carry it two or three days before sending it in. This rubs oif the super fluous pencil marks, and makes it lighter to handle. The first order of the Irish Parliament is to consist or 29 Peers aud 75 members, elected on property qualifications; the second will include the present Irish members and 101 new members, elected under the existing franchise. It is said that in preparation for a bataille desfitttrs at the Nice „arnival, Lord Cairns ordered 10,000 white camelias, aud hired two elephants to draw one of the beats of his yacht, to be arranged for the day of the flowery warfare. A Chicago lawyer jumped up in Court the other day and exclaimed, " I desire to pay this Court five dollars for the privilege of telling it that it is either drunk or corrupt!" The Judge quietly pocketed the five dollars and ordered the case to proceed. Murray Davidson, of New South' Wales, is willing, if an equipment were found him and expenses paid, to undertake to prospect in South Australia for twelve or eighteen months without any remuneration beyond a share in the discoveries- he might'make. In reading authors when you find Bright passages that strike your mind, gnu which, perhaps, you way hare reason To think of at another season— Be not contented with the sight, But take them down in black and white. Advice to Correspondents.—Avoid all pains taking with proper names. We know the full name of every man, woman, and child in the country, and the merest hint at the name is sufficient. For instance, if you write a character something like a drunken figure " 8," and then draw a wavy line, and the letter M and another waving line, we will know at once that you mean " Samuel Morri son, even though you may think yon mean " Lemuel Messenger." It is a great mistake that proper names should be written plainly Our Hopeful Rhymster remarks:— With rogues enclosed in prison walls, And land sharks up a tree. The soaking rains of May will bring Benewed prosperity. 