THE NOVELSST. ? THE MOTHER AND SON. It was a calm and glorious night in the month of July 1826, and the ruins of St Anne's Church lay sleeping in the moonlight, whilst the shadows of many tall trees fell thickly around it, and, mingling their gloom with the dark gravestones which lay crumbling 011 all sides, imparted an awful solemity to the spot. The scene and hour were so w§ll adapted to silence and medita tion, that a stranger might have marvelled wherefore so many-human beings moved a- long in its immediate vicinity at this time of night. A second glance at the spot would have nnravelled to him this apparent mystery for within a few yards of .the ruined church might be seen a well, called after the patron saint of the' spot, and celebrated throughout the country for its healing virtues. This was an evening more especially devoted to St. Anne ; and many votaries were hasting towards the well, with the hope of gaining some desired good, or of averting some anticipated evil. Many a weary knee was bent, and many a sorrowful heart bowed bown, before that rustic shrine ; and however unfounded their hopes might be deemed by the enlightened looker-on, yet it would have required an obtuse heart not to ^sympathise with the varied forms of suffering which were there beheld at St Anne's Well. * One there was among the crowd whose aspect seemed but little in accordance with the spirit of the place. Her light, yet rounded form seemed so full of life and vigour; her firm step was so elastic in its tread; her face, although'not decidedly hand- some, was so attractive from its expression of cheerfulness and peace, that one marvelled to find its possessor amongst the suffering .and the sorrowful. What could she desire to obtain at St Anne's Well 1 Yet it was evident she was no uninterested observer of the ceremonies of the place. As she approached the well, she drew from beneath ^er scarlet cloak a candle, which after having lighted she affixed to the stem of an aged oak-tree, and hung upon a bush already laden with votive offerings her humble gift. After having knelt a while in prayer, she rose up, and was leaving the spot in silence, when she heard her name whispered by a voice whose tones were so familiar to lier, that she needed no light to inform her •who was the speaker. ' Is it yourself, Denny f inquired she smiling. ' I thought the ould woman was too bad for ye to lave her to-night 1' ' tfhe has, sure enough, been very bad this night ; but she has just got to sleep, and is lying mighty aisyjust now ; so slipped out to say a word to ye mavourneen ; and it's yourself that wont be angry with me for that same.' \- x And so continued the new-comer—' and so you've been at the well, Anne? Och ! it's I that would be thankful for iver to the saint, if she'd help us a little in our throuble ; add sure it would be 110 such great matter for her to do, seeing ye're her own name-sake.' * Hush ! hush !' said Anne, in a low and reverent tone: ' remember, Denny dear, she is a saint in heaven, and can't deinane her lierself Ito think of all our consarns.' * Theii *vhy do ye come here at all V ' Sure, isn't it my duty ?' replied she, with •a look of surprise at her lover. Denny, like a wise man, attempted no reply to a question which' appeared to him unanswerable ; and responding rather to his own thoughts than to the maiden's query, said : ' I'd be as happy as any duke in the land, if I could only scrape together two potihds for the marriage money but I can't do it by any manner of manes, if I slaye evei so hard ; for the poor ould woman is so bad, that 1 can't for the life of me neglect her ; and she wants me to save money for a decent funeral for her ; and sure it's she that's desarving of all 1 can do for her ; for isn't she my own mother?' ' Ah, thin, ye're in the right, my own Denny J aud it's yourself that's always been the best son in the parish, and God in heaven will reward ye for it i' ' And maybe ye v ill sotne slay be after telling me that I'm the best husband in the parish,' said Denny in a jocose tone to betrothed. Whether Anne heardtliis last observation we cannot presume to determine ; for the Jovers having by this time reached her father's cabin, she - hastily bade him goodnight, saying that her mother would be wondering what had become of her, as she ought to have been home a quarter of an hour earlier. Deuny, on his return home to his mother's cabin, which was situated close to the ruined church of St Anne, found the old woman sitting up in her l>ed, with her hands clasped ' tightly together, whilst her body was swaying from side to side in an attitude of distress and she gave utterance in a sort of measured tone to a low melancholy wail. * What is ailing ye no >v, mother dear 1 ?' inquired Denny, seating himself rn a three legged stool close to her side. 1 If . anything on earth can be done to comfort ye, isn't it ver son Denny that would gladly do it for ye<?' ' Thrue for ye, rny darlint : ye've always beon a jewel of a child to your ould mother, and it's not long I'll be here now to throuble yi z; but afore I go, Denny, there's one small matter lies heavy on my heart' .And here she paused a mome:it to take breath. Perhaps it's the priest ye're wanting 1 inquired Denny. ' Sorra a bit for he's been here to-day, ye know, and I've made my sowl, . and that's "11 done ; but, Denny. 1 shouldJi fee to see my > ve duaiir^Sn blesSetT—dfiurchyard afore that I might be sure of the spot efe^niy bones shall rest in pace among the "tnts.' This appeared to Denny a somewhat strange fancy ; but he was too good a son to thwart the whims of a dying mother ; so he promised her that the grave should b«5 dug «>arly on the ensuing morning, within sight of the very spot where she was now lying, so that she might look out through the door upon her future restingplace. Pacified by this assurance, the old woman consented to lie down quietly, and try to get some rest, Denny rose earl}' on the following morning, and, leaving her asleep hastened to fulfil his promise. The grave was dug close to an ancient yew-tree, which, from its great age, was deemed almost sacred in the neighbourhood aud Denny returned home with the satisfactory conviction of having faithfully fulfilled his, parent's latest wishes A gleam of joy lighted up the withered features of Honor O'Donoghoe, when Denny informed her that the grave had been dug, according to her desiie it St Anne's Churchyard ; ' and in the holiest spot in the whole churchyard,' added he, with an air of exultation ; ' jist alongside of auncient yewtree.' ' Ah, then ! it's you that have even been a kind and dutiful child to yer ould mother and may ten thousand blessings be powered 011 yer head for the same when I am dead and gone ! But Denny, jewel,' added she in a low and wheedling tone, ' there's wan thing more ye must do for me, and that's the very last throuble I shall give ye upon airth.' 4 Sure, mother, ye know I wont deny ye anything in life I can do to comfort ye. What is it, then, ye are after wanting now V Och !—a thrifle—only a thrifle. I've a consate that my bones would lie more pacefully in that grave if I could only say my prayers in it afore I die.' ' Say yer prayers in it !' re-echoed Denny with a look of astonishment. ' Are yer in yer right sinses, mother 1 I'm afeard ye're wandering.' ' Troth, I'm as l ight in my sinses as I was this day thirty years whin I brought yerself into the world ; and for the memory of that day, ye ll not refuse me now my petition.' ' And what is it ye want me to do V 'Jist to carry my old body wrapt up in the blanket to the grave ye've dug yonder, and let me pray in the narrow bed ye have prepared for me. It will not then seem so strange-like when I am laid within it after my death : and it will be a blessed thought for ye that yer ould mother is lying there in satisfaction and pace.' This desire of the old dame seemed to Denny a most unaccountable whim ; but he resolved not to balk her fancy ; and wrapping her up tenderly in a blanket, carried her across the road which lay between their cabin and the churchyard. Entering the sacred precincts, he approached the new-made grave, and gently deposited his burden within its narrow bounds. ' My blessings on yer head for bringing me here !' said the old woman, while an unnatural expression of joy and triumph once more gleamed across her countenance. ' And now, go home my darlint, and lave me alone for half an hour or so, that I may say my prayers in pace ; aud afther that, sure, I can lie down upon my bed, and die without wan thing in the wide world to throuble me.' Denny, in obedience to his mother's wishes, retired from the grave, and returned to the cabin where he began his morning meal of potatoes, seasoned with salt and hunger. As he was peeling one carefully with his thumb and forefinger, so as not to break the polished surface, it suddenly occurred to him that his mother might possibly grow faint while lying thus alone in her grave ; so he resolved to cross over the road, and take a glance at her without disturbing her devotions. Accordingly he climbed noiselessly up the hedge by which the churchyard was bounded, and looked anxiously towards the spot where he had left his mother. Great was his astonishment 011 perceiving that the old woman' instead of being engaged in prayer, was busy rooting up a corner of her destined grave. At first, it occurred to him that she must be in some kind of fit ; and he was on the point of leaping over the hedge to offer her his aid, when he observed that she glanced anxiously around the churchyard, as if fearful of being detected in her occupation Denny's reverence for his parent prevented his attempting to intrude upon her privacy ; and he returned to his cabin, bewildered and perplexed by what he had seen. At the time appointed by Mrs O'Donoghoe her son retraced his steps to the grave, and found her lying wrapped up in her blanket, apparently tranquil and composed. As he raised her up in his arms, and was bearing her away from her restingplace, he observed her casting an anxious glance towards the empty grave, as though it possessed some strange sort of interest in her eyes. This uneasy glance often occurred to his remembrance during the few following hours which he passed near his dying mother's bed. She could not bear to loose sight of him for a moment, and if ever he approached the open door, her voice would faintly sunmior him back to her side : ' Denny, liinny, ye wont lave me, will ye 1'aud quickly was the kindhearted creature once more found bending over her lowly couch, and administering to her wants. But the succeeding night proved her last upon earth; and as the early dawn broke forth Denny found himself alone with his mother's lifeless body. He felt weary and oppressed. Even amid his present sorrow, and his perplexity as to how he could manage to provide a ' dacent funeral' for his mother the thought of her strange occupation, and of her yet stranger glance of the preceding day, reverted continually to his thoughts. He stood at the cabin door, gazing upon the spot where his parent's remains were shortly to be laid ; and without any very definite intention, he slowly bent his steps towards the still vacent grave. He fixed his eyes upon that corner where the old woman had seeuied to busy.herself upon the preceding day. The soil had evidently been disturbed and carefully pressed down again. He struck his shillelagh down upon the spot; some resistance offered itself to the stick. He knelt down to investigate the matter more closely ; and after stirring the earth a little, what was his astonishineut on discovering a black leathern bag, carefully sewed up ; and on taking it out, it weighed so heavily, that the thought at once occurred to him that it must be filled with money. ' Some pence,'thought he to himself, 'that the poor old soul had saved, and was so foolish as to bury here. It couldn't be much, for she knew that 1 wanted money very badly to get married ; and she never would have kept it from me—she loved me too well for that.' While cogitating thus, he returned home, a.ud taking up his mother's well-used scissors, cut open the bag. On putting in his hand, he drew out a bright new guinea. He started at it, as if it had been a ghost, so unexpected and bewildering 'was the vision. Again he put in his hand, and took out several coins, each one of which proved as valuable as the first. He then poured out the contents of the bag upon the wretched worm-eaten table, where he aud his mother had eaten many a poor and scanty meal. He recknoned the pieces, alid numbered thirty of them. Thirty gn'neas !—onetenth of which would have made him happy during her lifetime had she giveu it to him instead of hoarding it with such a jealous and miserly passion ! Painful thoughts rushed into Denny's mind. He had so long toiled and slaved to support her ! and it was thus she had rewarded him, saving out of his earnings as well as her own, with the senseless and wretched purpose of carrying her trea sure to the grave! Angry words rose to Denny's lips as he bethought himself of this; and he was about to mutter them aloud, when his eye rested on the cold pale corpse lying before him. Death is a sacred tiling, shedding a sort of halo even upon those who in life bore a mean and uuworthy aspect. Thus it was in the .present instance. Denny, while gazing upon the departed, remembered only that she was his mother, who had nurtured him in infancy, and cherished him in youth—who had watched over him in sickness, and prided herself in the joyous vigour of his manhood. Casting aside all unkindly thoughts, he counted over his treasure once more, replaced it in the bag, aud carefully locked it up in a large wooden chest, one of very few articles of furniture to be found in the cabin. Having done this Denny turned his thoughts to the work before him and resolved tha this mother should have a ' fine wake and a handsome funeral.' And so she had ; for there was, as the neighbours said, Ujreat fun and plenty dhrink ' at Airs. O'Donoghoe's wake ; a,id long was the procession, and loud the lamentations, at her funeral. All these ceremonies having been duly performed, Denny felt need of consolation and companionship in his lonely cabin : and to whom should he look for both but to the kind-hearted damsel whom we may remember as a humble votary at St Anne's Well 1 He did not conceal from her the discovery of his mother's hoard ; and although the story of the old woman's avarice startled and surprised her she was too good and gentle a being to harbour a bad thoughts concerning the deceased, whom they ever mentioned with respect ; and when one little comfort after another was provided for her in her new home, she would sometimes say to her husband : ' Sure, Denny, it is to yer mother we're beholden for all this dacent furniture whereon they would both intuitively utter a prayer that her soul might rest in peace. Nor did they rest satisfied with thus reaping for themselves alone the fruits of her avarice ; the reinem bailee of their mother's fault, instead of imparting bitterness to their thoughts, and closing up their hearts towards thbir fellow-creatures, served only to teach them the true value of money, and its rightful purpose in life ; and although Denny and his wife were probably but indifferent theologians, they practically knew that it was ' more blessed to give than to receive. Never was a sorrowful beings sent away from their door without a word of kindness and sympathy--never was a needy sufferer dismissed without sharing their simple hospitality. About five-and-twenty years have passed away since the period of which we have been speaking. Denny and Anne are no fictitious personages. They are now the parents of a large and thriving family and despite the miseries of their unhappy country, they still cling to thein native soil; so that if any of our readers should ever change to visit St Anne's Well they may recognise in the buxon matron and kind-hearted master of a neighbouring cottage their old and family friends Dennis and Anne O'Donoghoe. 