TO THE EDITOR. Sir— In your leader in to-day^ Begister I am sorrv to see that you prejudice your readers' interest in this exceedingly ' live Question' bv sneaking of it as drac-inz ' its alow length along,' going 'over familiar ground,' showing 'lamentable absence of novelty' in the discussion, as if such things might not be asserted as to Protection v. Frte Trade discussions, or as if there were no refurbishing of arguments on the ' Land Question.' I write especially to poinc out that it is the purest assumption to assert that our schools have been established to deal ocly with 'secular' matters, Have the taxpaying parenta who, through their Parliamentary representatives, estab lished the schools, said this? Do they say to to-day ? Quite the reverse, aa the late petition on the matter presented in our Assembly abundantly demonstrate, For many years the Bible was read in our State schools, and in their establishments thia was the law. Now it is shut out from use in the regulation school hours. We ask that it be replaced. You speak of the ' most invidious form of persecution' following the introduc tion of what we plead for. Will you inform the public what persecution has arisen in the United States during the last fifty years consequent on Bible reading in schools? Or is it that you know of such instances occuiring in Eng land, in connection with any of the Board echools ? We want to know about this per secution if it exists. It is a pity your article does not distinguish more clearly between 'moral' and 'religion-' instruction in schools. The Bible-in-Schools Society asks only for Bible- reading with simple undenomi national explanations, That a religious element necessarily attaches to such Bible reading I admit, for the reason that it is an impossibility to give moral instruction with out referring to the religious foundation on which it is based. We have a right to expect that the teachers of our youth whom the parenta pay to teach their children shall teach the great moral laws which are only to be found in their true setting in the Bible, and which can only be properly taught with the Bible aa their authoritative source. How many times over has it been said here and in England, that to allow boys and girls to play in tie school-yard for twenty minutes, while a select few children in tha Echeol rootn are compelled to read over bo many verses of Scripture without a single reaiark by_ the teacher^ being allowed thereon, or without a question being asked, is the merest traversity of 'opportunities offered?' Oar South Australian 'parents have had thia ' Etone' offered them long enough. We have of course despised it. We now say to our Parliament—' Instead of this stone give us bread in the shape of a crovision for Bible reading with explanations within school hours. That the alteration we seek is no matter of foim experience Ehows, because of the utter unreasonableness of the present permission it is seldom acted on ; nor so long as the child's nature is as it is can it be successfully acted on. This, too, you speak of as a Parliamentary 'concession.' We do not want Parlia ment to concede anything. We want Par liament to give parents their rights. What do these parents aak for 1 If Parliament has any doubt about what the parents wish it is easy enough, within a month, for the Education Department at little cost to ascertain whether or no the parents of thia colony do or do not desire Bible-reading in Echo'ol hours. We decline to receive this as a concession. You proclaim our circumstances aa a colony to be so different fromthcseobtaininginLondon and other towns in England that the system in force under tbe London School Board cannot work heTe. Happily we live under other laws from those obtaining in Ensland, as we have no State Church, and there'is not the ghost of a chance that there ever will be one in these free colonies, This difference ia just what makes the London School Board system jo znuch easier of application here. 3£o one has the right here to come to our Treasurer and say, ' We want money to pay the teachers of our ecclesiastical schools.' The State says to each denomination, 'Have as many schools of your Church order as you ? :. . .- . .. .?-. . ? -. . .-. -^ .. - .... ??? ? ^ ^ 'please, ; but pay' for- ttem.'' instead of tna London School BJard system operat ing with friction' here- the ground 13 quite clear foi its most sac cssaful adoption and Motionless operation, xour writing assamea that the adoption of Bible-reading in cai schools at the rea aesfc, say, of eight- tenths -oS oar parenta will be 'unjust to the minority.' The ^children of tha two-tenths minority* will be ia precisely the Game position aa they ate now. Thev will not be curtailed of -the fall amount of ' secular' teaehins they now receive and wish to receive. We declare that for Parlia ment to d_issilow tha request of tha eight te_th3 majority in egregiouehr' unjaat,' inas much _a3 they are practically debarred from receiving that Bible instruction which 13 de sired. I trust the msmbers of Parliament, in the division to bo taken on thi3 question next Wednesday, will show-that they respect the well-nigh universal wish of the parents of this colony to have Biblerreading, with simple explanations, as an integral part of our school system. lam, Sir, &c;, SILAS MEAD. Mount Lofty Station, October SO. 