THE RACING. With the commondablo regard for punctuality- invariably observed at Flemington, the meet ing was initiated exactly at 1 o'clock by the despatch of ten competitors for tho Melbourne Stakes, an evont which, apart from its. being tbe first on tbe card, is always regarded with with conslderableinterest, as it generally brings' together a goodly number of the orackB at weight for ago, and has occasionally thrown some light on tho Melbourne Cup. The field on Saturday was a good aud fairly repre sentative one, though tho race "wi been in a great measure shorn of interest by tho defoction of suchoraoks as Com motion, Molua, Trenton, William Tell, Dunlop, Silvermine, and Mr. White's pair of 3-year>ldst Volcano and Acme. Tho betting market indi cated the probability of a duel at the finiah be tween Isonomy and Sheet Anchor, the Cup winner of last year, running the Moonee Valley victor very closely for premiership, and iu Isonomy's case tho publio judgment was well vindicated, but Sheet Anchor, whom very few expeoted to see at tho poBt before tho Cup race, after his big gallop on the training ground on Friday afternoon, failed to gain a situation. Tbo riders of Boolka and Isonomy were deter mined to got away well, and after two. or three unsuccessful attomptB succeeded in doing so, Grace Darling, who as usual was slow on her feet, being the last to get way on. Tho two leaders wero always in a good position, although Lord William went to tho front passing the bridge, where Crossfire also held a front posi tion. Qulnn took a pull at Isonomy running along tho side stretch towards tho home -turn, at whioh point nothing looked better than Sheet Anchor, and Grace Darling, as at Caulfield, ran through her horses, but immediately dropped baok again. Once fairly in the straight Sheet Anchor had had enough, aud Isonomy, coming again, fought out a great finish with Boolka, who had been at or dose to tho front from the jump. As the pair passed tbe post neck and neck it waa impossible tossy whioh had won, and tbo judge being of tkat opinion, a dead heat was announced. As usual in such oases, the publio, of oourso, knew bet ter than tho offioial, and a very large majority of those present affirmed' that Isonomy had won; bnt as tho South Australian had been very freely backed, and Boolka had - not, it is probablo that many of those' who differed from the official ruling viewed tbe raco through their betting books. The run off, whioh took plaoe after ' tbo last race, was productive of a capital contest, for a mile, the pair running looked together, but in the straight Isonomy showed superior staying power, and landed the odds laid on Mm by about three lengths. Olds complained to tbo owner of Boolka that in the first race Isonomy had closed him in on the rails, whioh certainly also appeared to bo tho case in tha ran off, and as a somewhat similar oiroum stance occurred whon Isonomy beat Malua at 'Caul- field it may bo as well to caution tha South Australian jockey, Quinn, who is an ex cellent horseman, against sailing too . close to the wind. Hexham ' was in strong request for the Hotham Handicap, being tho sole representative of Mr. James White, but although he ran a good little horse ail through, the famous Klrkham stable had to wait for viotory till later In the afternoon. First Frinco fell through a dog running across at the baok of the coarse, and perhaps after a fow unfortunate horsemen have been mim— or killod the V.R.O. will take steps to capture and destroy theso pests when found on tha course. Salvo and Hexham made nearly all tho ruunipg, and had not tho former com pletely overpowered little ' Gorry he. would probably have finished near the winner though at tho weight nothing could have beaten Claptrap, who, after getting fairly into tbe straight, came away with ri diculous ease and so full of running that Sam- mage had tbo greatest difficulty in pulling him back to within three lengths of Hexham; The victory of Claptrap was not at all a matter for surprise, considering how wonderfully well ha was tTcatcd in the weights ; and as the unfailing lenienoy with whioh the ' Mordi- nlloo stablo is treated by the hanfUrinnoia has become a turf proverb it is only as tonishing that the popular black and gold - jacket is uot more frequently oarried to the front. .Everybody like, to »£ kTwhi?tlS bam wm, and were the stable only aa fortunate in other raspeota as in the aUbtmMt of weights its supporters. would soon beooma surfeited with victory. After an interval of an hour and a quarter, 18 Maribyrnong Flate - oandi- datee were taken in hand by Mr. WataontL only absenteo being Niagara, who, dagularir ' enough, waa numbered on tha - card -- without any oolors, hut hla .town a rendered the omission- unixnaartant. ti ' Oanington'a ..buff jacket and .blua can were aaen at Hamiimtoa far tha fiiat and had thcy baen esrried to tha front K.T the popular Governor of New South nvalea would doubtless have evoked ontbueiasm. UJ1 ohauoe of euoh a oonsummation was, how ever, dispelled before half the journey had been accomplished, Eaporanco running clean off the course with the imported jockey, Whiting, just after crossing tho tan gallop. Volcano's sister, linva. went out first favorite, the Adelaide filly, Perhaps, also enjoying a large measure of publio oonfidenoe, whilst Mistletoe and .iMiranda were .well supported. Odds of 8\. to 1 were offered against Hortense, who in consequence of her Caulfield Guineas victory, had to put up a 14 lb. penalty. The Adelaide filly got away well, and alwayB held a good position. At the distance post she was in front, and despite her oxtra sloao of weight, maintained her advantage to tho end, winning easily from Hnntingtower and Bedouin. Tho 'performance under the heavy handicap was a -splendid one, and tho slow time may bo easily accounted for by a strong head wind which blow down tho straight. But for tho presence of Hortonse the victory of Huntingtowor, which Iliad been predicted by tho special correspondent to The Age and leader at Flemington, .would havo been accomplished notwithstand ing Mr. Cooper's colt went out a 20 to 1 chance. Bedouin again' ran well, and promises when moro advanced, to fully sustain Darri- well's reputation nsa aire; but Mistletoe sadly disappointed her friends, and finished last but one. The favorite, Lava, mado a good finishing .run, but could only got fourth, and Perhaps had to be content with eighth position. A general move was made for the paddock as the Derby candidates wero finally prepared for the groat event of the day. The favorito, Tri dent, under tho shed, below the end of the Hill was surroundod by a crowd fifty deep, but appeared perfectly indifferent to tho bustlo and excitement existing round about him. As Hales walked the chestnut colt through tho opening crowd ho was as quiet as a sheop and remained so at tho post up to tho fall of tho flag. In point of condition thero was little jfault to find with tho crack, who, however, 'looked sufficiently lnsty to reassure his backers- dor the Cup as well as tboso who pinned their faith to him on Saturday. Volcano was tho fittest horse in tho race, tho rather ungainly Hooking son of Chester appearing to be a mass lof mueole. Kingfish's tino appearance was generally admired, and both Chcsham and 'Maddelitia looked well, but Aglaos went very 'short in his preliminary and was generally looked upon as one certain to be unplaced. First Consul looking particularly " jolly""will bo moro likely to omulate tho deeds of his fine siBtor Hortense about tho autumn, and thrice ho broko away with O'Brien before the flag fell, Volcano for a time also evincing some disin clination to join his horses. At length Chesham on the inside jumped away with slightly tho best of a good start, but Volcano quickly under took his special mission of making tho pace hot enough to neutralise Maddeiina'e dash of foot, which iu a slow run race it was apprehended \- might bring the Adelaide bred filly home. Old Chester's son performed his missiun so well that at onetime peoplo were almost tempted to think ho might snatch a runaway victory, as Tridout .remained in fifth and fourth position so long as to arouse a fear that he would never come in time. cChesham meantime lying second all the way, bwas pulling two double, and going magnificently. At the abattoirs close observers could seo that . Hales was attempting to close tho gap, and to the diBmay of thousands, Trident seemed unable to respond. Approacliiug the sheds it was unmistakcable that Hales was hard at work on the favorite, whose defeat was loudly .proclaimed, and it appeared that the Kirkham 'Stable's only hope was that Volcano could last out another half mile in front of Chesham. All doubt in this respect was immediately .settled by Volcano running on to tho rails ap- ; proaching tho homo turn with such force that ,! Ellis was very nearly landed on tho other side land Volcano knocked clean out of the race. r As Chesham swept into the straight alone, still cpulling Itobertson almost out of the saddle, .there appeared to be eo little chance of his ,'boing_ caught that odds of 10 to 1 on him were offered. Trident's case looked .moro hopeless after Volcano's accident, ;-wbioh necessitated tho favorito pulling >out and losing some ground, Chesham" being .quite half a dozen lengths ahead of him when the race up tho straight oommoncod. .Never in the world has n pluckier finish been run than that accomplished by tho favorito ; and ultimate victor, who, under heavy pnnish- vinent and the most desperate efforts of Ualeo, struggled gamely on until within 200 yards of bthe post ho was on forms with Chesham, upon whom by this time Robertson was also hard at work. As the two crack horsemen strained every nerve for tbo finish, tho issue was momentarily in doubt, but in tho final struggle Chesham collapsed and Trident won the most meritorious race imaginable by two lengths, 'which advantage was gained in tho laBt 50 yards. The winuor, though apparently a bit of a sluggard, is a veritable glutton for work, and owed his victory to the possession of in- domitable pluck. Tho circumstances attending i the race have upset the previously general I'belief that Hales was physically unable to last -out a hard fought finish, as any lack of vigor in "Xridont's rider must have resulted in his de- ife.it. Cheshum's was a great performance, ho '-being second from start to finish iu time which, notwithstanding the strong wind which blew down the straight, has only onco boon . equalled, and never beaten, in the Victoria Derby. Aglaos was tho greatest surpriso, how ever, in getting third, for although 20 lengths ; behind Chesham ho finished well iu front of .'First Consul, Kingfish and Maddelitia, the latter 'never onco being prominent, and Voloano, i nftcr his collision with tho rails, dropped back, "and finished last Cheers, loud and long, :greoted the winner, his owner and ridor, ami fworo renewed as, decoratod with the blue ribbon and silver buckle, ho was paraded nbefore tho assemblage in tho stand and pad- | dock. Trident's victory has been a sovcro blow fto the ring, who hove uot only lost heavily right out, but have laid against him freely in doubles I with every horse that is considered to have tho , i. slightest show in the Cup. Tho Ghost, who has of late been a moBt unfortunate horse for ' his popular owner, Mr. J. G. Reid, went out nn even money favorite for tho Selling Race, but was /beaten easily by Huron, to the evidont surpriso of tho Ballarat party, who, although tboy had motsupportcd their horse, had to pay 230 sovs. 'to keep him, the whole amount going to tho club. A still greater surpriso resulted in tho Coburg Stakes, which concluded tbo first day's raoing, and for which The Nun was in great favor, St John and Goldlake also being ,lieavily backed. A desperate finish between !J3t. John and Day Star, resulted in the letter's victory by a head, with Hogmanay third. Tho victory of Mr. Davis's colt gave tho ring a little -windfall, as hardly ono of them wrote his same, but one well known turfite, whoso judg ement is as a rule pretty good, accepted tho "liberal price of 50 to 2 about tho young Gipps- lander. 