Widow • Watson. By It P. Mil IT WORTH. A wet OhriBtmftB. You know what tha means on tbo diggings. It means hot, muggy weather, mud up to your knees; damp, dirt, and disoomfort generally. But it also' n^nns a big washing up, and consequent plenty 01 cold, with its ooncomitantu, drinking, gam bling, riot, disorder, and devilH' danoe gone rally that oharaoterieo the diggings, or rather, did characterise the diggings of, let us soy, ^Wh'at7 ardS°yet lurid shadow the cn.ly days on tue gold -Holds scums to cost over tho • memories of those who have lived loogouougn toreoolleet them. The days of easy gelling,n»«J rooklees spending, of desperate toil and mod revd, of hardship* ami danger, and thought less waste, of orime perhaps, and HUtfer 10And yet' from out of those dark clayf, from amidst those bands of cutelcHB and.lawless' advonturera, over now and again, shine out vivid gloama of God's own sunlight, ihttt show all the moro brightly for the murky olouds by which they are environed. Bucn an one, of many I have known, occurs to mo n°A wet Christmas, or, rather, Christmas t Eve, on the Walhalla diggings. There had beon a week's rain, and Stringer a Greok and the Thompson were running bankers to we lakes below. The rounded hump of Mount, Baw Baw loomed hazily through the light drizzle, looking all the miles ho was distant instoad of, as he was wont in fine weothor, ., appearing almost to overhang the volley on the ateep hill sides of whioh tho miners sought their rioh treasure. The roads and traoks, suoh as they were, wero covered with a thiok layer of yellow mire and bIubd, an" all nature seemed as miserable and dcjeotcd', as she usually does under suoh conditions. In the afternoon, howover, the rain partially oleared off, and ithe sun even got a chance now and again to lighten up tho prospect with a tearful smile. . But melancholy as everything looked out aide, within doors there were very high jinks indeed, and the sound oi revelry, not to nay devilry, impregnated with the luines of to* baoeo and the odor of rum, and'fringed with A garniture of ohoiee digger blasphemy, IB sued from every hotel and shanty m the townBbip. In a word, money was plentiful,; the men were in high spirits, and Bullocky . Ben, the burly landlord of the " Piok and Shovel," who w#b usually of a grumbling disposition, was heard to deolaro that there hadn't been auoh a "roust up," since he'd, been in the country. . Drinking, swearing, smoking, danoing, singing, quarrelling, and, above all, oard playing, were in full blast, and pokor, euohre(. eribbage, Yankee Grab, and other devioea, by whioh the unholy alliance of gamblers and shanty-keepers ease the miner of his hardly won gold, went merrily on. Why try to desoribe the soeno further * Those of the olden time who have boon in it and of it, will easily realize it, tboso who have not, never can. / :• That afternoon, or rather, evening, just as ■ • the Bun waB giving a farewell glint, prior to going to bed beyond , the Western ranges; the slosh, slosh of a heavily shod .inan, might have been heard leisurely tramping . through the wet scrub and deep mud, . from the direotion of the Tubal Cain mine, and making for the township. Presently ho emerged from tho bush into view. , He was a., big, stalwart fellow, blaek- bearded, and om browned by exposure to tho Bun and weather. Hard-banded, hard-featured, with that far ., off, yet determined, almost, defiant look that, tells < so surely of the Btern battle of life • fought yet not always won. Ho was olad in the inevitable slouched billy-cook hat, a rough • blue jumper, and moleBkin trousers stained with sluen and bedaubed with olay, he looked the very picture of what ho was, a hardy, , fearless, rough and tumble old . time digger, equal to either fortune, and ready at any mo ment eithor for a feast or a fray. Curly, for that was the soubriquet by whioh he was mostly known, was indeed a hard case, ! honest Indeed, industrious, and true bs steel, but somewhat, it is to be feared, of a hard -. living, hard swearing, graoeless reprobefte, a, type, in short, of a class of which there were • bo many in those days. A . Aa he oame down the hill and approached ' tho fallen tree whiah Berved as a bridgo over r the yellow rushing oreek, a sudden,, heavy - downpour of rain aapsed him to turn aside for shelter, in a little shed attaohed to a small.' slab hut a little way. baok from tho traolc f and, without intending to be an eavesdropper, >. he oould not help overhearing what wbb being said in the sorry dwelling. , ; By-and-by his attention and his ouriosity were aroused, and aB by moving a little, and j, peeping between a slit in the logs, he oould ' see without being seen, he looked in. Tho ;., room was meanly and scantily furnished, • and by the empty fire plaoe, seated on a. low stool, was a woman of some thirty years of v . age. She had a gray, faded, sorrowful ~look, v the sad, wan look that patient resignation to evil fortune stamps on tho faoe so certainly,' and alas, so indelibly, Leaning on, her lap, j; .and gazing intently into her face; was a little boy, barely & baby, hardly two. years old, and, on a roughly oonatruoted bunk of Bap-. , lings, sat two other onildren, girls, of about four and six respeotively. They were the widow Mrs. Watson and family, the widow and fatherless children of •/ Harry Watson, an industrious miner who ' - had been working at the Long Tunnel, and who had been accidentally killed by the fal ling of a tree, eighteen months before. The; company had ouried him, and had done; ; something for the widow, oertainly, but ohl •o little for her needs, and she had eked out a living by washing and doing needlework •, ; bnt aha overtaxed her strength, and had long been ailing, and as she was very reserved; ; and never paraded her poverty, she seemed i to have dropped out of mind. . I'sedoin7 to hand my 'tokin'up fo' Fan tar Flaus to piit inmfln' in, den we'shavea dood - dinner, eh, ° mamma ?" the little fellow, saidi aa Curly peered in. < , : ' The widow's eyes filled with tears, bnt she ' made no reply. " Santa Claus doesn't oome so high ; up in .thaat ranges as we live," said the elder girl.1' . " Yes he does," said the younger* " don't 70U /remember, onoe, at Christmas, he put something in our Btookings, I got a bright ", new slxpenos and a doll. But. that was W fore pa died." : "I'se doin' to be a big man soon, I is,,, J ■aid the little boy, bravely, " den I'se doinr' to. be a didder 'ite pa, and 'den I's det p'enty money an' flngs. Isn't I ma ?" ■" Oh children, children," said the widow, ohoking baok a sob, and smiling, or trying to smile through her falling tears, "we are,' poor, very poor, but never mind, we'll ba: better oft some day, and then—and then—" - ■ But the jpoor woman fairly broke dowrt, and wept silently. "What ihatea you always try so, mal'V asked the little fellow, gently stroking tjr faded faoe with hia ohubby handB. /. " Oh, my darlings, my poor, innocent^j .■ less little ones, you'll break my heap/j00ii your prattle. lory becauso I havo^y to give you, hardly any firing, no aU, anything. A little dry damper When that's gone, God help us/ -you h&vo; , "PodwiU help us, matni/ Bpoak tho often told us bo, and you and truth,", aaid the elder gitf clasping the widow rou^0""ki"oI"yt , kissingV. » Beside/-m not hungry' at UloiVfy0looVulTbear^«e- ^LTom ^ away. / '■•r « / * * * i ThB " Pih and Hhovel"—and, for the; matter of that, w«y 9}}** hotri Md riMgtg; rr tfti imiMii * '• ">Mfalg "*KiT*iii that evening, and Bullocky Ben, bis wife, Jim the barman, Moll Do^d, tbe big, red haired servant girl, and Hoppy Joe, the odd job man, was as busy as they coald be, reap ing in the golden harvest. The bar was full, the parlor was lull, so was the long dining room, so was the kitchen, Tbe atmosphere was thick with tobacco smoke, the noise was uproarious, as Curly strode in from tbe mud puddle that did duty as tbe main street. "Hollo, Curly!" shouted Long Ned the packer, as he oaught sight of Curly's face in the doorway. " Where you been ? Darn me it you don't look as soared as if you'd seen a ghost." There was a lull in the hubbub, as every ; one in tbe room turned to look at the new comer's solemn countenance. He did look ' seared enough, in sober fact. ' "Boys," said Curly, impressively, " I hare seen a ghost, and such a ghost as I can't say I'm sorry for seeing. And it's fetched me, you bet. Fetohed me up all standing, as a feller may say." ' There was a dead silenoe, and someone asked: " What have you seen ?" "A ghost, mates. Tbe ghost of days long gone by. The ghost of forgotten things. The gboBt of undone duty. Tbe men looked at him, and at each other in surprise. Even the oard players suspended their games. "Boys," be went oh, " I've seen this blessed evening what's brought the salt water . into my. eyes, and by George! I ain't ashamed to say it. You all remember poor -Harry tVateon, as was killed at the Long Tunnel two year since come Juno ?" "Yes, yes." / "Well, I happened to be passing the Widder's this afternoon, and turned into the lean-to to shelter out o' tbe rain, and there 1 , see and hear summut as laid me out, knocked the sawdust clean out o' me. There was that poor creatur' a-sittin'oryin' over them fatherless babbies—cryin', mates, o'count of havin' no food to give 'em. Tbink o' that, boys, this blessed Christmas time, and no food to give 'em. - I oouldn't stand their in hoeent talk,, by George I oouldn't, I had to cut and run. If I'hadn't I should ha' blubbed right out. Now, you've all heer'd o' that Santa Clans, as bring things for kids on Christmas eve?" " Yes, yes." , . "Very well. This 'ere'e Christmas eves ' and we've had a 'good washin' up, all on us. Mow, what I mean for to eay is this 'ere, that Walhalla's not goin' to be played so low down on as not to have a Santa Claus of its own. And that Santa Clause is goin' to the ; Widder's this very night, on the quiet, as it : ;,were.' We ain't a mean lot-o' skunks on \- these diggin's, not as I knows on. There's my bat, and there's my pound note in the crown on it. Anybody can cover it as likes." Bendigo Sam, the biggest rough and bully, and. the most inveterate gambler on tbe field, rose quietly from the table, saying in, for ' him, a wonderfully soft voice: "Put down \- your cards, boys, I'm in this 1 reokon. Thero'e • vmy pound. Who's next?" ' There was no need to ask. , In a moment Curly was surrounded by a sympathetic crowd, and notes, gold, and silver were i poured into tbe hat as if by magio. "Paes it round here," called someone from the bar, and the Pactolean stream rolled > in.. «< Pahs . it round the township," cried one enthusiastic contributor, " I reokon we mountain boys do things right up to the nincB when we do 'em at all." * And it was done. Some gave in money, Bome in kind. The affair by some means had spread through the place, and all gave something, the result being that Santa Claus must have had a very big pack indeed to "hold half the offerings .of these rough and ready, but generous, dwellers in tbe wilder The township appeared to be oppressed \- with some great and profound seoret all. that evening. 1 Men who met in the hotels, stores, Or street, whispered to each other myste riously^ or conversed in low, solemn tones. Even the oard players at the taverns seemed , to: be preoccupied, and Bandigo Sam twice. * made amisdeal, a thing he had never before been > known'to do within the memory of his oldest aoquaintanoe. Quarrels were made up, old friendships which nad been severed, renewed, \- and, singular to relate, for tbe first time in the history of Walhalla, the eve of festival \- was allowed to pass without a fi#ht, or a ■ aolitaty Individual being"run in" to the police camp.' It was as if the inhabitants bad bad premonition of some vast moral earthquake or voloanio erruption. At a little after midnight half a soore of ttout fellows,eaoh loaded up with a paokage more or less bulky and weighty, might have been Been moving stealthily along the valley in the. direction of the widow's residenoe. ,-The vain bad ceased, and a watery moon i afione in the firmament, now visible, now obscured by the driving scud overhead. There was not a sound save the harsh brawl idg of the swollen creek, and the querulous " whimper of some belated 'possum in the dis , tant bush.- , • 1 Noiselessly they approaohed the log cabin. VA11 was silenoe, all darknesB. Noiselessly ' they laid down; their burdens at the door under the little overhanging porob, and , as / noiselessly they glided, away again, fading 'out into the semi-darkness like bo many . ahadowy spectres. ' c Meanwhile ; the ohildren slept peacefully, dreaming, it might bo, of tbe' angelic quire ' 'who bailed the natal day of the God ohild With exultant carols of, transoendent sweet new ,more than eighteen oenturies before. • Slept; eachwith its little stocking pinned above. its head in childiah faith in the dear old legend we ;all know and love to teaoh. The boors of darkness, sped., The bell Ijlfd. «nd' magpie .hailed the Advent of -the aaued morning with :the metallic music of -ibelc ioyousnotes. The rosy blush of dawn spHad oterr ths < eastern iky,lighting up the peaks, th*trose tier after tier in the grim, dis tant- Tha fresh crisp wind, rustled the MfyWrmoftheloftygu andthesweet, . ';MraMd' wattle^bloasom, and the. mothe* rose from her lowly eouoh to prepare the meagre morning .-meal with the . moisture in, her aysa, and',the dull; aching of blankdifipair in - ' No need for her to look Into those poor y lUtle itookiags' hanging at the bed's head. Md'Bm:lo wake, tho little sleepers tothedis-; s'apii'oinlttent;that must ooms toosoonl . She t j-'wSt^iuletly ADd". pilently to wqrk. built up . abni ktixUlogv for the fire, then opened .the idoov lb: oat * etick 6r-;two of wood from the; lwhatwasthis? Waslta -: '"droMl'f "'>WmIt", »-nyMkbry. of the, senses ?■ ' WeiTt witchtfaft.?^ \''■ V i-' huddled intothe door-/: ''Wayiwa'bh the topmost one * bard.securely th® • ibiibrlptlpp-': Tbe,; Widoir£4nd: obildren' W»tspn, from SanU. ^s;"v 8trt staggered back into, the room; !e^to>»oioe that seemed sbaroeljr her *»wn, balled on the little ones to waks and 4ee this all wondering. ; Tb» very-embarrass riohes., : The ohildreik had never shiog like it before. Floar, tea, ,^^tter^cbtMM,:;baoon, a'fat gw»M, ^go on enamewting. thing'numan eyp had e?er •! heart tionld desire; Food of ' •?' ™Vials for blQthing, suoh few tpjr.BMtbe ^TNjjjpoould aflor d, poor'things.' ^WjP'i ? Sthem, of priceless value. And. laatpf all, .thl£tt|e boy came to a small • n parcel e»rufully stKiied Jp |h a piece of canvM. -' Bere^ma'Ka/' he Baid," he's a . ibkle heavy one; I tan't }(,_» The mother raised It from tbe grounv. it was heavy, ysry benvy for its size. Obnpening it what waa tM: aetoniehment to flirt it filled with » money, paper, gold, silver, of *1 denomina >tipna., a Hep.heart was full.' • :\; ■; V.Oh'mi.darlings, ^.ehe cried ii^an aituy want j me and pray Ood'a best blessing on those who at tbia festive season have not forgotten to remember the Widow and the Fatherless in their affliction. Yea, and they shall be blessed. Amen, and Amen, Behind a clump of bush, not very far dis tant, might have been seen the stalwart form of Curly. Ab she fell on her knees, and lifted her pale face to heaven, he flushed red through his bronzed skin, turned awkwardly away, and elunk quietly through the bush as if afraid of being detcoted. Let us go with him, and leave Widow Watson to pour out her soul in gratitude to the One who reigneth eternal in the heavens, and whose meroy endureth for ever. 