1 /PETHERICK'S PERU. A STORY OF ADVENTURE. . ' , — — / Recently the " Tonlh's Companion" of Boston, qffetei / priies to the amount of three thousand dollars for eight short stories 1 ' "'the stories acre to . he selected by com petent judges ds\lhe 'hest of those might be sent in com petition for the prizes. A targe number of manuscripts were received, and Ike prizes have been awarded. The author of " Petheriek's Peril " received a prize of five hundred dollars for the story of adventure which is here printed. Prank B. Stockton received the first prize for the best humorous story. The largeness of the prise and the circumstances of the competition would warrant the reprinting this story, even if it did not possess a strong intrinsic interest. It is the first purely literary work of its author, Mr.E W. Thomson, who, by the way, has. .had quite a checkered career. In 18G4, at fifteen, in slarch of adventure, he joined a cavalry regiment at Phila delphia, and served before Petersburg until the end of the war. In 1866 he was with the Queen's Own against the Feniens in Canada. For several years he was surveyor and civil engineer ; camping constantly in the backwoods. He then joined the staff of the Tomito i' Globe," where he remained for four years. This story seeu done in a single night,.' The editors of the « Companion1.' wrote him; " Few stories that have been submitted to the " Companion" have won such praise for their intense dramatic power." Each story of the' Shefton Cotton Factory is fifteen- feet between floors ; there are seven such over the basement, and this rises six feet above the ground. The brick walls narrow to eight inches as they ascend, -and form a parapet rising above the roof. Qne of the timekeepers in the factory, Jack H"?;rdy, a young man about my own age, often run's along the brick wall, c the practice giving him a singular delight, that has seemed to increase with his proficiency in it. Having been a clerk in the works from the beginning, I have frequently used the parapet for a footpath, and although there was a sheer fall of one hundred feet on the ground; have done it with ease and without dizziness. Occasionally Hardy and I have run races on the opposite walls, an exercise in which I was invariably beaten, because I became timid with increase of pace. Hopelessly distanced last Wednesday, while the men were off at noon, I gave up midway and looking down; observed the upturned face of an old man gazing at me with parted lips, v wide eyes, and an expression of horror so startling that I involuntarily stepped down to the bricklayers' platform insidq-" I then saw that the apparently frightened ectator was Mr Petherick, who has been for some weeks paymaster and factotum for the contractors. "What's the matter, Petherick ?" I called down. He made no answer, but, walking off rapidly, disappeared round the mill. Curious about his damoanour, I descended, and after some Utile seeking, found him . smoking alone. - " You quite frightened /me , just . now, . Petherick," said I. " Did you think I was a . ghost?" " Not just that," I replied sententiously. . "Did you expect me to fall then'?" I in- quired. " Not just that, either, said he. -The old man was clearly disinclined to talk, and ap- parenlly much agitated. .-,1 began to joke him ' about his lugubrious, expression, when the one o'clock bell rang, and he shuffled off hastily to . » another quarter. Though I puzzled a while over the incident, it soon passed so entirely from.iny mind that I was surprised when, passing Petherick in the afternoon, intending to go aloft, he said, as I went by : " Don't do it again, Mr. Frazer !" 'What ?" I stopped, gg " That i" hc-relorteiL "" _ — "The weather was beautiful, the sea like glass." At no great distance two large "brigs, and nearer a small yacht, lay becalmed, lic'av- ing on the long billows. - I could look down her cabin stairway almost, and it : seemed scarcely more than a long leap to her deck. . " Puzzled by the singular conduct- of the sea-birds, I soon stopped, and set my back against the cliff to rest while watching them. The day was deadly still and very warm. "I remember taking off my cap and wiping the sweat from my face and forehead with my sleeve. - While doing this, I looked down -in voluntarily to the fissure at lny'fcct! Instantly my blood almost froze with horror!. - There was a distinct crack between the inner cdtre of the fissure and the hard-packed, root-threaded soil with which it was filled. Forcibly I pressed back, and in a flash looked along the ledge. The fissure was widening, before my eyes, the rock before mc seemed sinking out ward, and with a shudder, and a groan, and a roar, the whole long platform fell crashing to the sea below ! I stood on a margin of rock scarce a foot wide, at my back a perpendicular cliff, and five hundred feet below the ocean, now almost hidden by the vast concourse of wheeling and affrighted birds. " Can you believe that my first sensation was one of relief? I stood safe! Even a feel ing of interest held me for some moments, j Almost coolly I observed a long and mighty ! wave roll out from beneath. .. ;It went forth a ; high, curling crest — a solid wall of water. It struck the yacht stern on, plunged down on her deck, smashed through her swell of sail, and swept her out of sight for ever. "Not till then did my thought dwell en tirely on my own position ; not till then did I comprehend its hopelessness ! Now my eyes closed convulsively, to shut out the abyss ; down which my glance had fallen; shudder- i ing, I pressed hard again the solid wall at my j back ; an appalling cold slowly crept through me I My reason struggled against a wild desire j to leap ; all the demons of despair whispered j to me to make an instant end. In imagination I had leaped ! I felt the swooning helplessness of falling, and the cold, upward rush of the air. " Still I pressed hard back against the wall at rock, and, though nearly faint from terror, never forgot for an instant the death at my feet, nor the utter danger of the slightest motion./.', . How long this weakness lasted I know not" ; I only know that the unspeakable horror of that first period has come to mc in waking dreams many and many a day since ; hatl have long nights of that deadly fear; that to -think of the past is to stand again on that narrow foothold, and to look around op the earth is often to cry out with joy that it widens away from my feet." The old man paused long. Glancing side- wise at Jack, I saw that his face was pallid. I myself had shuddered and grown cold — so strongly had my imagination realised the awful experience that Petherick described; ' "Suddenly," said the old maiif "these words flashed to my brain : ' Are not two sparrows sold for a farthing ? And one of them shall not fall on the ground without your Father. Fear not, therefore ; yc are of more value than many sparrows,' My faculties so strained, I seemed to hear the words. In deed, often yet I think that I did truly hear a voice utter them .very near me. " Instantly hope arose, consciously desperate indeed, but I became calm, resourceful, capable, and feeling unaccountably aided. Careful not to look down, I opened my eyes and gazed far away over the bright sea. The rippled billows" told that a light outward breeze had sprung- up. Slowly, and somewhat more distant, the two brigs moved toward the horizon. T.urtiing- my head, I could trace the narrow stone-- of my footing to where my ,'rope danrfed, perhaps three hundred yards "| V _ . " A cautious step sidcwisc made mc know how much I had gained in ease and securityof motion by the change of front. I made pro gress that seemed almost rapid for some rod3, and even, had exultation in my quick approach to the rope. Hence came freedom to think howlshouldacton reaching it, and speculation as to how soori my comrades would haul me up. "Then the idea rusned through me that they might even yet draw it away too soon ; that while atmost in my clutch it might rise from my hands. Instantly all the terrors of my position returned with tenfold force ; an out ward thrust of the precipice seemed to grow ' distinct, my trembling hands told me that it moved bodily toward me, the descent behind me took an unspeakable, remoteness, and from the utmost depth of that sheer air seemed to ascend steadily a deadly and chilling wind. But I think I did not stop for an instant. Instead a delirium to move faster possessed mc, and with quick, sidelong steps — my follow ing foot striking hard against that before — - sometimes on the point of stumbling, stretched out like the crucified, I pressed in mortal terror . along. " Every possible accideiit and delay was presented to my excited brain. What if the ledge should narrow suddenly .to nothing ? Now I believed that my heels were unsuppor ted in" air, and I moved along on tip-toe. Now I was convinced that the narrow pathway sloped outward, that this slope had become-so increasingly distinct, that I iriight any moment slip off into the void. But dominating every con sideration of possible disaster was still that of the need for speed, and distinct amid all other terrors was that sensation 'of the dead wall ever silently and inexorably pressing me outward. "My mouth and throat were choked with " dryness my convulsive lips parched and arid j much I longed to press them against the cold, moist stone. But I never stopped. Faster, faster — more wildly I stepped — in a delirium I pushed along. Then suddenly before my eyes was a well remembered edgeofmossystone, and I knew that the rope should be directly be hind me, Was it ? ' " I glanced over my left shoulder. The rope was not to be seen 1 Wildly I looked over the other. 'No rope ! Almighty God 1 " But what ; Yes, it moves ! — it sways in sight ! — it disappears— to return again to view I There was tne rope directly at my back, swinging in the now strong breeze with a motion that had carried it away from my first hurried glances. With the relief tears pressed to my eyes, and — face bowed to the precipice, almost forgetful for a little time of the hungry air beneath — I offered deep' thanks to my God for the delivery that seemed so near.'" <6 The old man's lips continued to move, but no sound came from them. We waited silent, while, with closed. eyc3 one bent neaa, ne re mained absorbed in the recollection of that strange minute of devoutness. t- " I stood there," he said at last, " for what now seems a space of hours, perhaps half a minute in reality. Then all the chances still to be run crowded upon me. To turn around had been an attempt almost.despcrate before, and certainly, most certainly, the ledge was no wider where I now stood. Was the rope within reach ? I feared not. Would it sway toward me. I could hope for that. " But could I grasp it should I be saved ? Would it not yield to my hand — coming slowly down as I pulled, unrolling from a coil above, trailing over the ground at the top, running fast as its end approached the edge, falling suddenly at last ? Or was it fastened to the accustomed stake ? -# "Was any comrade near who would summon -aid at my signal ? If not, and if I grasped it, and if it held, how long should I swing in the wind That now bore the freshness and tremors of an imminent gale. " Now again fear took hold on me, and, as a desperate man, I prepared to turn my face once more to the vast expanse of water and iHiiiiihBiirfdfcliff. (/ losing my 