? A " MONEY-SIPPLE " affair.—Floating loans. WHAT onlookers cried at the two big scores, England v. Australia.—Grace Scott (Grea{t) Scott). The A<je of last Saturday remarks that insanity is upon the increase. Has the always enlarging circulation of that paper anything to do witli this deplorable fact? A MOST peculiar coincidence occurred at Eaglehawk recently. A series of religious services were held in the local Town Hall by a Dr. Guinness, and he was assisted by a Dr. Porter. ONE of Tuesday's dailies iu referring to the death of a Sydney medico, says, " He accidentally shot himself while entertaining some friends yesterday." Capital kind of entertainment this, eh '( RATHER good, that case '"of mistaken identity in theCity Court on Monday, Robertson and Campbell. Perhaps—but no, both people would doubtless feel insulted if taken for Members of Parliament, So Lord St. Leonard's "props.," &c.;, were sold on Wednesday, at the Russell-street barracks. Fancy a cash-box amongst the goods and chattels. The cash-box was actually empty—yes, we eliould think so. HEAVENS ! what a spot is the Insolvent Court. Dreariness, emptiness and weariuess, It should be held in an anti-chamber of the Yarra Bend, and at the end of the month the judge should be sent to the asylum and the rest to gaol. HE was an amateur comic vocalist, and was about to do his " turn " for a prize contest. " I'm bound to come off," he cried to afriend, as he strode on to the stage—and he did, dodging ginger-beer bottles in the most approved method. MR. GAUNSON, in his recent exhibition of wrath and purity, told the House in his customary manner that " Tiniotheus" of the Ar,,m was " a person whom lie (Mr, Gaunson) could not call a gentleman." What we are aching to hear is what "Timotheus" could, and does call Mr. Gaunson ! A MAN named Barouche refused to pay for a good square meal at a Melbourne restaurant. He was given iu charge, and informed their worships that they couldn't fine liim. Barouche, dear boy, it's not what they can't do, it's what they can and do do. The hungry man was sent off in the Government barouche for a month. SAYS A. J, Campbell, the Naturalist in the Au - trala-ian :—" The Rockhampton Bay district is credited with no less than sixteen distinct species of the Columbidaj, or pigeon family." Judging from the prosperity of magsmeu, spielers and small bookmakers, we should imagine that the whole sixteen of them made a point of taking a trip to Melbourne for the Cup week. IT is seldom that a person who wants to sell a horsa tells the truth in the plain, blunt way an advertiser does in Tuesday's Argus. We read :— " HOUSE, small saddle, quite fast; no further ' use; price,£7. The knackers' yard is surely the spot for this animal. Ma. REID stated in Parliament last week that "a man named Murphy had been taken out of the Kew Lunatic Asylum and put into the Custom House as a draw- back officer as an expert." Is this giving the policy of the Customs a pat on the back ? From our own experience of delays in getting our portmanteaux off the intercolonial steamers, we should favour the reciprocal process of taking all the officers out of the Custom House and putting them into the Kew Lunatic Asylum. It would be no " draw-back " to the Custom House. ABOUT the dirtiest job ever perpetrated by any Government was the Murray Smith affair. It may be mentioned that not many months ago the rumour got abroad that Mr. Smith was recalled. It was contradicted flatly by the Service Government. " There was no truth in the matter," and, at the same time, the order for dismissal was cut and dried. The Service Government earned two marks of infamy at the end of their career, the Murray Smith and Kerferd jobs. 1'here is but one parallel to theirs in modern history. That was the case of the late Judge Stephen. In season and out of season he denied, time after time, that he was to take a judgeship, while, at the same time, he had the appointment in his pocket. There are items of political degradation that, like Mr. C. E. Jones' mint sauce episode, ought to be blotted out for ever, but they won't be blotted ; and the worst of it is, that, like Banquo's ghost, they will come up when not wanted. MR. J. SHAW, central umpire at the football match between Carlton and Geelong, on the Melbourne Cricket Ground, introduced a new feature in the shape of whistle to announce out of bounds. This we consider an admirable idea—for the barrackers. A metal dog-whistle is by 110 means expensive, and the cost of the article would be repaid to the backer of a football team by a few judicious whistles to stop the game for a while when a goal was in danger or that backer's fancy team appeared to be i bit distressed and in want of a spell. As both sides would probably have backers possessed of dog-whistles, a close match, where both sides were pretty well at the end of their tether in the way of wind, would, after a few Saturdays, get to resemble a combination of fifty thousand steam whistles, an equal number of locomotive ditto and several theatre galleries iu full voice. A football match in Geelong would be distinctly audible in Melbourne, and tenants would refuse to rent a house within twenty miles of u football around. 