[CONTINUED FKOM SATURDAY'S SUrPLKMENT.] UNDER FALSE PRETENCES. A NOVEL '; Bt- ADELINE SERGEANT, ' :Authi)ir'bf V j acobi's Wipe," " Martut ' ' DEvkRii'S'DiAMOJib,", etc. i SYNOPSIS OF PkEV'OUS CHAPTERS "JUiPTER I. Tun Paot.oouK.—E'iwic ILutt-roll, a wealthy Knglishman with his wife anl child, tike up their Tesidanco t 3 m Stefano. He<-o another child is burn to them, and a nnrso, Vi^osnza Vasari, is engaged to hUrso It. She, Unknown to tho paronts, In the mother of twin-1 one of whom dies. Af:er an illttiast, Mrs Iluttrull sake to boo hor boy, but on the child Ibitig put in o hor artm Bhe iS-inc-.ivfs ft strong avor ion to it, naying it is Viti'COhi; \'s child and not hers, Hor an tipnlmoH aro t -oated as those »fa monomaniac, and Ultimately hor hatred ia ovorcmi. Mr Lu'tral died when the child was about fiftoen year* old About this tlm j tho mother of Vincoiiz* cinfea>os to « priest that tlio children have baon ch ngsd, and tho real child of Mr Luttroll, passing nnder the namo of Dino Vassari, is takon into the monastery of San Stafmo. Chapter II introduces tho reader to Riclnrd LufroU, now a man if 28, and 6>iaii ljuttrell, aged 20. Tho former discovers that a system of robbiry I)a9 boon tiirried on by a scapegrace c >u 'in, Hufto Jbiutroll, Whom ho ttirashos unmercifully CAaI'TkIIS ill. and IV.— Hugo, crmhod and wounded, rejects tho comfort olTorpd him by Angola Vivian, who is betrothed to Richard Lut troll. The quarrel botwoon Richard and rian 011 account of tho former's severity to Hugo is mail" up batweon them. The rami diy, howovor, when out shooting Brian accidentally shooti h's brother, whilst, aim ng at a bird Others of the par y fancied hoy h !ard two shots tired. On'tho ni'.ws bain;; a inveyod t > Mrs. Iiuttrell, -ho accuses Brian of boing hisbrothor'sinurdorar, which ho em phatic >lly doni- 8. Chapters V. anmi VI.—Hug i Lu'.trell roturns to tho'.hou.-e and hears for tho first time,apparently, of the death of Richard. Th i news uuinvis him. and ho Ins to bo forced by Brian to lcok upon the tace of the doul man. As tho two 111011 atii Mrs Luttroll aro standing by tho sido of tho corpso a curious thing happens. A drop of blood trickles from tho dead man's noso, followed by another, and thei stops. There is an old superstition tint tho corpse of a murdered man b'eodsafrosh in tho presenco of his murder>r, and the circumstance causes both dismay and griof to tho onlookori Mrs Luttroll is conviucod of hor sncon ) son's guilt, and ho loaves the house on a lengthy foreign tour, unforgiven by his mothor, but carrying with him tho symoitliyof Angola, Richard's betrothed Chapters YIt. and VIII.—Tu a farewell inter view with Hug Brian entreats him to turn over a new loaf, and tolls him that ho has settled i'G.OOO upon him, which ho advises him ti place in the hands of Oolqulvmn, tho family hwyer, for in vestment. llo als.i requests him ti seek out the family of Mr. Gordon Murray, who will coma into tho ownership of Strathlechie, oao of tho f.unily seats, in tho oventof thero being no children totha sons of Mr. Luttroll. Tho readerisalso introduced to tho family "f Mr. Heron, friondior Angela, and her brother Rupert, "at whsso house Misa Murray is visiting. CHAPTER IX. Klizauktu s Woom;. Percival and his friend dined with the Horons that evening. Mr. Heron Was im artist by pro fession - he was a fair, abstracted-looking man, withgolfl-eye glasses, which heWas always stick ing inisffectnally upon the bridge of his nose and nervously feeling for when they tumbled down again. He had painted several good pictures in hi? .time, and was in the habit o: earning a fairly •good income; bnt owing to some want of manage - went, either on'liis part or his wife's, his income siDver seemed quit-c large enough for the needs of the household. The servants' wages were ■usually in arrear ; the fittings of the house were broken and never repaired ; there were wonder ful gaps in tho furniture and the china, which jiobody ever appeared to think of filling up. Rn 'pert remembered tho ways of the house when he 'had boarded there, and was not surprised to find liimself dining upon mutton half-biirut and half raw, potatoes more like bullets than vegetables, and a partially cooked t ice pudding, served upon tho remains of at least three dinner ser vices, accompanied by sour boer and very indifferent clarot. Percical did not even pre tend to eat ; ho sat back in his chair and de clared, with an air of polite disgust, that lie was not hungry. Rupert made up for his deficiencies, however ; ho swallowed what was set before him and conversed with his hostess, who was quite unconscious that anything was amis3.. Mrs. Heron had a vague taste for metaphysics an'', political economy ; she had beautiful theories of education which she was always intei-.ding, at some future time, to put into practice for the beiiefi": of her three little boys, H'.rry, Willy, and Jack. She spoke of these 'theories, with her blue eyes fixed on vacancy and fork poise 1 gricefully in tho air, wbjio Vivian laboured distastefully through his •Vlnner, and Percival frowned in silence at the table-cloth. "I have always thought," Mrs. Heron was say ing sweetly. " that children ought not to be too much controlled. Their development should be perfectly free. My children grow up like young plants, with plenty of sun ami air ; they play as they like '■ they work when tliey feel that they can work best ; and, if at times they are a little noisy, at any rate their noise never developes into riot." Percival did not ipohaps intend her to hear him, but, below his 'bteath, he burst into a sardonic little langh and an aside to his sister Kitty. i "Nevor into riot-! I never heard them stop short of it ■!" Mrs. Heron 'lcokod at him uncertainly, and took pains to'explain herself. " Up to a certain point, I was going to say, Percival, "dear. At the proper age, I think that discipline, entire and perfect discipline, ought to begin.11 " And what is the proper age?" said Percival ironically. "For it seems to me that the hoys actj now quite old enough to endure a little dis cipline." "Oh, at present," said Mrs. Heron, with undisturbed composure, " they are in Elizabeth's hands. I leave them eutirely to her. I tru.it Elizabeth perfectly." 1 " Is that the reason why Elizabeth does not j dine with us ?" said Percival, looking at his step-mother with an expression of deep hostility* But Mrs. Heron's placidity Was of i kind which would not be milled. "Elizabeth is so kind," she said. "She teaches them, and does everything for them ; hut, of course they must go to school by-and-by; Dear papa will not let me teach ".hem myself, lie tells tne to forgetthat ever I wai a governess, but indeed"—with a faint, ponsivesmile—" my instincts are too strong for me sometimes, and I long to have my pupils back again. Do I not Kitty, darling " I was not a pupil of youra very long, Isabel," said Kitty, who never brought herself to the point of calling Mrs. Heron, by anything but her Christian name. " Not long," sighed Mrs Heron. " Too short a time for me." Ac this point Mr. Heron, who njtiaed very little of what was going on around him. turned to his son with a question about the politics of the day. Percival, with his nose in the air, hardly deigned at first to answer; bat upon Vivian's quietly propounding some strongly Con servative views, which always acted on the youn ger Htron as a red rag is supposed to act upon a bull, he waxed impatient and then ar gumentative, until at last he talked himself into a good humour, an»l nudo everybody else good humoured. When they returned to the untidy but pleasant • looking drawing - room they found Elizabeth engaged in picking up the children's toys, straightening the sheets of iir.sic ou the piano, and otherwise making hr.rstlf generally useful. She had changed her dres^ and put on a long plain gown of white cashnere, which auitod her admirably, although it was at lea^t threoyears old, undeniably tight f>r her acro>s the shoulders, and short at the wists, having shrunk by repeated washings shoe the days when it first was made. She woreno trimmings and no ornaments, whereas Kitty, in her red frock, sported half-a- doz.m trumjery bracelets, a silver necklace, and a little btuch of autumn flowers ; and Mr3. Heron's pale Uiue draperies were adorned with dozens of yards of cheap cream-coloured lace. Vivian boked at Eliza beth and wondered, almn?^ for the first time, why she differed so gre?,rly frim the Herons. He had of'en seen her before ; >ut, being now particularly interes*.^ by wh t he had heard about her, he obs'jr^.c(j jjer mors than usual. Mrs Heron -■= ^ ,l0Wn at the jiano; she played well, ami w >s ratherfondof cxlibitiug her musi cal p ofic'^u^ Porcival and K'ty wore engaged in an .ainiated, low-toned con'ersation. Rupert ^P^i-oached Elizabeth, who wis arranging some '..Ketches in a portfolio with tie diligence of a housemaid. She was standing just within the studio, which was separated J'om the drawing room by a velvet curtain uov partially drawn aside. " Do you sketch ? are thes your drawings ?" he asked her. "No, they a'e Uucle Alfred's. I cannot draw." " You are musical, I suppse," said Rupert, oarelessly. Ha took it for granted thitj' if a girl did not draw, she must needs piny the piano. But her next words undicoived him. " " No, I cm't play. JLl^vo no accomplish ments." ■ " What do you mean by accomplishments asked Vivian ailiiliiijji : "1 moan that i know nothing about French and German, or music aud drawing," Said Eliza both caliniy. " I never had any systematic -education. I should mako rather a good-house maid, I beliovo, but my friends won t allow me to take a'heiusomaid's situation." " I should think not," ejaculated V ivian. " But i-s is all that I am tit for," she con tinued quiutly. "Arid I think it 13, rather a pity that I am not allowed to be happy in'my •wrn way." | , : -t ,0 There was p. littlo silence. " VWi<nj felt'liiin-i self naaroely equal to' th'a ocoasion.1- 'Presently she said, with more "' quickness of speech tlian Ustlftl.l— ■ [■> ;'■!"? .i '■ i ! , : i " You Havd beori tn Sddtlilnd litelyi lla^o you' Hot T" ••••• • 11 /«-•'! .!.!*>::>• e»rr. J !• . " I was thero a'short'time ago,- but for'two days only." ' li! 1 f :i- 1j -.i. '' Ah, yes, yon'went t6l'Ntjthbrglon;?', ;' •' "I did. •The,iIJuttrolls';arol'corindctions; Of • ours; are'they not; Miss. Murray I'M " Very distant ones," said Elizibeth. ".You know that Brian Luttrell has gonte abroad ?" ' : '' " I have heard so." There w-v Very littlo to be got out of Miss . Jiturrajr. Vivhn was almost gl (t when I'orci val joined thom, and he was able to slip b ck to Kitty, with whom he had no difficulty in carrying on a conversation. !"" The studio wnvdimiy 1i'gT)tod,"and j Potinval, either by accident or design, alTowed the cur tain to fall unti-ely over the apoi-ture betwoan the two rooms. He looked romtd hini. Mr. Heron was absent, and they had the room to themselves. Several unfinished canvasses wore ! leinirig against the walls; the portrait of an exceedingly' cadaverous-looking old man was conspicuous upon the art;'st's easol ; tin lay figure \Vas draped like li, mouk, aiul had a Oflwl drawn over its stiff wooden head. Per cival shrugged his shoulderB; : " My father's studio is'nt an attractive-look - ing place," ho said, with a growl of disgust in his Voice. ■ 1 ' • ■ . ; "Why did you' cdmo into it ?'" said Elizabeth. "I had a good roaso'n," he answered looking at her. - . 1 ' ' 1 i If alio understood the meaning thatlie wished to convey,'it certainly did not embarrass or dis tress her in1 the; leas^. ' She gave him a'very f iendly.'but soriOtis, 'kind of Bmile,'' and went on calmly with tier work'of sorting the'papers and sketches that fay scattered'around her. . " Elizabeth," ho said, " I am offended with yon." ' ' " That happens so often,"'she repliid, " that I am never greatly surprised nor greatly con cerned at hearing it." ; 1 i " It is of little consequence to you; no doubt," said Percival, rather huffily ; " but I am—for once—peifectly serious, Elizabeth. Why could yon not come down to ■ dinner to-night when Rupert and I were here J" • ' " i " ' "I very seldom: come down td dinner. Iwas with the children." i ' '' "The children are riot your business " '• " Indeed they are. " Mrs. Her6n {ias given1 them into my .charge,'and 1 am glad 'of it.: ■ Not" that I care for all children;"- said; Elizabeth, with the cool imparti dity that was wontto drive' I'ercival to the very ve ge of distraction. "I dislike some children very much indeed, but, you see, I happen—fortunately for myself—to be fond of Harry, Willie, and Jack." i "Fortunately for yourself, you say? For tunately forf/i- m I You must be fond of them, iudeed. You can have their society all day and.every.day ; and yet you could not spare a single hour to come and iino with us like a rational being. Vivian will .think, they makoa nursery-mail of you, and I verily be ieve they do !" " What doeB it signify to us what Mr Vivian thinks ? I don't mind being taken for a nur sery-maid at all, if I am only doiug my proper work. But I would have come down, Pereival, indeed 1 would, if Utile Jack had not seemed so fretful and unwell. I am afraid something really is the matte- with his b-ok ; he complains ro much of pain in it, and cannot sleep at night. I could not leave him while he was crying aud in pain, could I?" " What did you do with him?'' asked Perci val, after a momont's pause. " I walked up and down the room. He went to sleep in my arms." ' Of course you ired yourself oiifci with that great heavy boy )" •' • " You don't know how light little 'Jack is ; you cannot have taken him in your arms for n long time, I'ercival," said she, in a hurt tone ; " and I am very strong. My hmds ought to be of some use tome, if my brain is not." "Your braiu is strong enough, and your will is strong enough for anything, butyourhands—" " Are they to be useless ?" " Ycr the}' are to bo useless," he said, "and somebody else must work for you." "Tha: arrangement would not suit me. I like to work myself," i:he answered, smiling. They were standing on opposite sides of a small tible on which the portfolio of drawings restod. I'ercival was holding up one side of the portfolio, and she was placing the sketches ' one by one upon each other. ' "Do you know what you look like?"said Perci val, suddenly. There was a thrillof pleasurable ex citement in his tone, a glow of ardour in his dark eyes. "You look like a tall white lily'to night, with your white dress and your gloaming hair. The pure white of the petals and the golden heart of the lily have found their ma ch," "I am recompensed for the trouble I took in changing my dress this evening," said Elizibeth glancing down at it complacently. " I did not. expect tint it would bring me so poetical a com pliment. Than!< you, I'ercival." " 'Consider he lilies: they toil not, neither do they spin,'" quoted Pereival, recklessly, "Why should you toil and spin?—a more beautiful lily than any one of them. If Salomon in all his glory Was not equal to those Judean lilies, then I may safely say that the Queen of Sht-hi would be beaten outright by our (J icen Elizabeth, with her white dress and her golden locks!" "Mrs Ilerou would say you were profane,"said Elizabeth, tranquilly. "These comparisons of yours don't please mo exactly, I'ercival; they always remind me of the flowery leaders in some of the evening papers and make me remember that you a'e a journal st. They have a professional air." "A professional air?" repeated Pereival in dis gust. He let the lid of the portfolio fall with a bang upon the table. Several of the sketches flew wildly over the floor, and Elizabeth turne i to him wi'h a reproachful look, but she had no time to protest, for in tint moment he had seized her hands and drawn her aside wi ll him to a sofa that stood on one side of the room. "You shall not answer me in that way," ho said half-irritated, half aniusul and wholly do termined to have his way. "You shall sit down there and I19'en to me in a serious spirit if you can. No, don't shake your head and look at ine so mockingly. It ia time that weundorstood each other, and I don't mean another night to pas3 over our heads without some decision being ar rived at. Elizabeth, you must know that you have my happiness in your hands. I can't live with out y iu. I can'tbear toseeyou making yourself a slave to everybody, With no one to love you, no one to work for you and save yon from anxiety and care. Let in? work for you, now dearest; he my wifo, and I will sea that you have your pro per place, aud that'you arc tended and eared for as a woman ought to be." Elizabeth had withdrawn her hands from his; slio even turned a little pale. He fancied that the tears stood in her eyes. "Oh," she said, "I wish you hai not said this to me Percival." • It was easy for him to slip down from his low seat to a footstool and there, on one knee, to look full into her face, aud let tiin handsome dark eyes plead for him. "Why should I not have said it?" ho breathed softly. "Ha3 it not been the dream of my life for month's?—I might almost say for years? I loved you ever since you first came among3t us, Elizabeth, years ago," "Did you indeed?" said Elizabeth. A ligh* of humour showed itself through the tears that had come into her eye3 An amused, reluctant smile curved the corners of her month. "What, when I wa3 an awkward, clumsy, ignoraut schoolgirl, as I rem-mber your calling me one day after I had done something exceptionally 3tupid? And when you played practical jokes upon ins—hung my doll upby its hair and made me b.?lievc- that there waa a ghost in the attics—did yon c ire for me then? Oil, no, Percival you forgot! and pro bably you exaggerate the amount of your fei-ling as much as you do the length of time it has lasted." "It's no laughing matter, I assu e you, Eliza beth," said Percival, laughing a little himself at these recollections, but looking vexed at the same time. "I am perfectly serious now, and very much in earnest; and I can't believe that my stupid jokes when I was a mere boy have had such an cfTectupon your mind as to preven . you from caring for me now." "No,"said Elizabeth. "They make no differ ence; but—I'm very sorry, Tercival—I really don't think thai-it would do." "What would not do? what do you mcau?" aaid Percival, frowning. "This arrangement; this—this-proposition of yours. Nobody would like it." "Nobody could object. I have a perfect right to marry if I chooso, and whom I choose. 1 am independent of my father." "You could not marry yet, Percival," she Biid. in rather a chiding tone. " " I qould—if yon would not mind sharing my ^over'yvt'lth trio. If.you lovod me, Elizibeth; you would not nil lid." '1 am afraid I do not love yoil—-ltl that Way," slid ICIizabe'h,; meditative'}-. "No, jit Would nover do. I never dreamt of such a thing." ' "Nob'jdy expscts you to have dreamt of it," rejoined Percival, with'a-'short langli. "The dreaming can bo left' to me. :Tho question is rathcrwhe horyon willthinU'of itnow-j-consider it a li tie, I It scums to ba a n^w idea to you——though Imust1 say I .wonder :that you invanot euu hoW muclilI loved you; ElizibCth 1 I am willing to wait until you havo grmvn used to U. r canno" believe that you d/> npfcc re for mo:! 1 Ybw would riot be so cruel, you ■lo^> me d'littlc—-justa'ver^ little Eliiiibeth." f ',"^YeHI I,d6,!' said Elizabeth', smiling ait his vek'emaudo,Id >'lo<.e yon—more than a'littie —as'Tlove you all. Yon hatfo been'so good to nft'e'th'at I could not help'caring Wyoil-^inspite :of'th6 doll and the ghost in the■ attic."' Her smile grew gravely mischievous as she fiuished thesentence. ' ■''' " Oh, that is no' what I want,"cried Percival; starting up from his lowly posi ion it her feet. "That is not the kind of love that I am asking for at all " "I am afraid you will got no other," said Eliaibcth, tfith « . riufl of sincerity in > her voice that left rio room for cofjiietry.- "I nm Borry, but I cannot help it, Percival." " Your love it not given to auyon«,els» J'S ho denvin led, fiercely. - j i'1'- : " "You have "no ■ Ight to aak, Kilt if-!.tia ft.satis faction to you, I can assure you that I havo nover cared for any one in 'hat way. 1 do not know what it means," said Elizibeth, looking directly before her. " I have never been able to nuderStaildi'1 " Lot me make you understand," murmured Perciv.il, his momentary anger melting be/or? the complete candour of her eyes. "Let me teach -you to love, IOIizibe h." " ■ ■ She was silent—irresolute, as it appeared to him " You would learn very easily,"said lie.1" Try —let me try." "I don't think I could be taught," sho answered slowly. " And really 1 am not sure that I care to learn." | " That is simply hecmse yott do not know your own heart," said Percival, 'dogmatically. "Trust me, and wait awhile; I will have no answer now, Eliz beth. I will ask you again." " And suppose my answer is the same if" "It won't be the same," said Percival,' in a masterful sort of way. " You will understand by-and-by." She did not see the fire in his eyes, nor tho look of passionate yearning that crossed his face as he stood beside her, or she would scarcely have been surprised when he bent do.vn suddenly aud pressed his lips to her forehead. Sho started to her feet, colon ing vividly aud angrily. " How daro you, Percival !—"she began. Hut she could not finish the sentence. Kitty called her from the other room. Kitty's face appeared; and the curtain was drawn aside by an unseen hand with a great clatter of rings upon the polp. Where have you been all this time said Bho,. " Isabel wants you, Lizzie. Percival, Mr; "Vivian talks of going. E izaboth vanished throngh the curtain. Per cival had n it eveu time to breathe into her ear the "Forgive me" wi'h which he meant to pro pitiate her. lie was not very penitent for his o^ence. Hethoughttha lie was sure of Eliza beth's pardon, because he thought himself sure of Elizabeth's love. But as a matter of fact, that s'olen kiss did not at all advance his cause with Elizabeth Murray. He did not see her again that nigh!—a fact which senc him back to his lodging in an ill satisfied frame of mind. He and Vivian shared a sitting room between them; and, on their re turn from Mr Heron's, they disposed themselves for their usual smoke and chat. But neither of them seemed inclined for conversation. Rupert lay back in a long lounging; Pereival turned over 'lie leaves of a new publication which had been sent to him for review, and uttered (iis paraging comments upon it from time to time. " I hope all critics are not so hypercritical as you are," said Vivian at last, when the volume bad finally been tossed to the other end of tho room with an exclamation of disgust, " B*h ! why will people write such abominable stuff?" said Percival. " Reach me down that volume of Bacon's Essays behind you j 1 must have something to take the taste out of my mouth before 1 beglh to Write." Vivian handed hlin the book, and Wa'cheH him with some interest as he read, The frown died away from his forehead, and the mouth gradually assumed a gentler expression lefore lie had turned tho first page. In five minutes he was so much absorbed that he did no' |hear the question which Vivian addressed to him. " What position," said Rupert, deliberately, "does Miss Murray hold in your father's house "Eh? what? What position ?". Away went Percival's book to the lloor ; he raised himself iu'his chair, and began to light his pipe, which had gone oiit. " What do you mean ?" he said. "Is she a ward of your father's? ; Is she a relative of yours Yt's, ot course she is," said Percival, rather resentfully^ " She is my oouBin. Let me- see. Her father; Gordon Murray, was my mother's brother. She Is my first cousin. And Cinderella in general to the household," he added, grimly. " Oh, Gordon Murray 10 is her father? So l, supposed. Then if poor Richard Luttrell had' not died I suppose she would have been a sort of connection of my sister's. I remember An gela wondered whether Gordon Murray had left any family." •' Why ^ " Why ? You know tho degree of relationship and the terms of the will make by Mrs. Luttrell's father, don't SOU ?" "Npt'i.'\\. '• Gordon Murray— hisMissMurray'sfather— was utxt heir after the two Luttrel s, if they died childless. Of course, Brian is still living ; but if he died, Miss Murray would inherit,; I understand." / • " There's not much chance," said Percival,. lightly. " Not much," responded Vivian. They were Interrupted by a knock at the door. Tho landlady, with many apologies, brought them a telegram which had been leftat thehouse during their absencc, and which she had forgotten to deliver. It was addressed to Vivian, who tore it open, road it twice, aud then passed it on to Percival without a word. It was from Angola Vivian, and contained these words only— "liiian LulticU is /Ifml." (Tobh coidlnucd.) 