foctvn ami S vii ks. MV FIRST LAUGHING JACKASS. EV A NEW erre M. 'Twos evening, and thc weBtern Bky j With sunset's splendour blazed- 1 From out thc scrub a mocking cry Í Pierced through my ears amazed. i ' The sinking sun athwart each tree * Cast umny a golden shaft ; \ Fen by hts aid none could I see, i Yet surely some one laughed. j Tho mist surged up from dark ravine, I And shed Its sombre prey I In serried masses o'er thc scene- , O'er plain and bosky brae. What could it be ? That sound so queer I Was it Imagination ? ¡ A ghost?-My bloud ran cold with fear A ghostly each ínnation ? ^ Now once again-1 held my breath Thc echoes gruesome rang ; I felt as one condemned to death And waiting the last pang. But-all at once-a slanting ray Fell on a gum-tree limb : Plucked from a feathered mass of grey Night's eerie cloak and dim. A solemn looking bird was he That still and silent sat, «. Hi mate !** I cried, What can it be," "An uncouth thing like that V ** Uncouth 1" the passer-by replied, " He may Boom so to you," *' But still he la Australia's pride And that's nought but his due ! "The Laughing Jackass he is called ; ''Revered for prowess' sake, " Upon our annals he's enrolled, " A deadly foe to snake 1 " Select irs' crops he ne'er molests, " He never eats their fruit, " His only prey-the venomed pests "And hence h's high repute 1" The Bim sank in a bank of cloud, And Day had fled from Night, The dauntless bird, the stranger proud, Hal faded from my sight. "That bird is all Australia's pride" Thc words rang in my ear. " Let not his jiiet due bc denied 1 " That bird wc all revere." And since that day my mind ne'er deems A landscape quite complete, Unless the sun's celestial beams That feathered hero greet. My soul with Australs sunny clime That uncouth bird has blent, And now reveres a gift sublime By the Omniscient sent. TALK about women being flighty-look a( bank cashiers. IF yon wish to communicate with the finny tribes of the sea, first drop them a line. "LIKE Cures Like."-So, when you have painB in the limbs, take painB to get rid of them. MISUNDERSTOOD. - Miss Mahlstick-" Do you paint, dear?" MÍBS Ninon de Bloom " Oh, no, my colour's all my own." M. PBUDHOHME is worrying about the number of nurseB which have been provided for the young King of Spain. "The moBt difficult thing for him," he remarked, " will be to learn bow to live." A GRAND jury in county Tipperary once passed the following resolutions:-"Kesolved: That the present gaol is insufficient, and that another ought to be built. Resolved : That the materials of the old gaol be employed in constructing the new one. Resolved ; That the old gaol shall not be taken down until the new one is finished." A TRAVELLING man, noticing a pretty girl alone in the car, went over in her direction, and smilingly asked, " Is this seat engaged, miss?" "No, sir, but I am, and he ÍB going to get in at the next Btation." "Oh-ah indeed - thanks - beg pardon,"-and he picked up his feet, after stumbling over them, and went into the smoking-car to be alone awhile. A GENTLEMAN, recently calling at a board- ing house, left his umbrella in the hat-rack with a card on which was the the following : -"Belongs to a man who strikes a forty pound blow. Will be back in five minutes." When he returned the umbrella was gone, but in its place was a scrap of paper bearing thc words-"Taken by a man who walks five miles an hour. Won't be back at all." A B.EFBACTOB.Y Irishman in gaol refused to work. The keeper said to him-" You go ta work or to the pump." " Niver," replied the Irishman. A second time the keeper ordered him to work, but he ref need to budge an inch. "Now, for tile last time," exclaimed the keeper, " you go to work or go to the pump." : '. Niver, air," said the Irishman, straighten ] ing himself np. " Bedad, sir, 111 leave the ' gaol first." j "Yes, gentlemen," proceeded the Professor ! of History, "in defence of his religion he ? underwent the most fearful tortures. His < tongue was cut out, his ears were cropped, his nails were tom out with red-hot pincers, , and a tooth was extracted daily while the supply lasted. He was subjected to the thumbscrew, the scavenger's daughter, the rack, and the boot by turn ; he was ham- strung, fired in both legs, trepanned, cupped, scalped, and boiled in ¿il; but he bore all without a marmor-for, gentlemen," the Professor hissed with hideous meaning, "he was a married man." THE inability of Chinamen to pronounce the letters 'v* and V sometimes leads to »mn^jng blunders. The other day a Chinaman en- tered a tramcar, and took a seat beside an Irish labourer. He wanted to make himself agreeable, and robbing his hands, said 'Belly cold.' The Irishman looked at him with an air of contempt, and replied : 'If ye'd put yer shirt inside y er pants yer belly wouldn't be cowld, ye haythen blagnard.' 