OF Tiff a pv dufn^mr By F. W, BOBUfSON, Author of 'Grandmother's Money,' ' Anne Jadge, Spinster,' 'Little Kate Eirby,' ' The Black Speck^' ' Lazarus in London,' fcc. ? ;PubliBhed by epecfel arranE?ment with the author. All rights reeerved.] BOOK V.— ROUSED TO ACTION. Chapter VII.— TeeSbcondTimeop AsmsG. When the door was heard to shut behind young Dodeon Mr. Lovett began to stare at Mary Smith again. It had already dawned upon him that he had left Mary's father out side in the cold for half an hour, under the dis tinct understanding that during that alloted portion of time the owner of Castle Lovett was to offer his hand and heart and fortune to Mary Sniitb, And here had he been sitting com placently listening to another fellow's offer of marriage to her— and, under a false impression, lu-d been seconding the address — or the ad drfEfes ! Mary Smith had taken up some fancy- work in an embarrassed way, to avoid the steady stare with -which he was favoring her, and h-J was wondering whether it was a fitting oppor tunity — whether it was worth while, or kind, or charitable, to distress her feelings again — whether it was not wise or politic to drop it'? She bad a very uncomfortable way of answer ing people whom she did not cue for— a very clear and decisive 'shutnp,' as it were. Per hapsyonngDodsondeservedit; he had presumed too much upon her geod nature and their long acquaintance together, and wanted- putting in bis place. Andhe was not fit for Mary Smith —not- half good enough for her. *' Where did you leave father ?' asked Mary, at last ; ' it's very strange he did not come in with you.' ' He said be should not be in for half an hour.' ??W*ywastfiat?u 'I suppose toe's very- fond =of fresh air,' said vMr. Lovett, ' some people are,' Mary Smith glanced suspiciously at him, then said'— - ' Father wrote to you -a few days ago V Mr. Lovett coughed and stared less at her now than at a small grease spot on the wall paper immediately above her head, and eaid — 'Yes. He thought I might know of a berth for him in Lancashire,' ' I wonder why he did not tell me he had written.' 'I don't know,' said Mr,. Lovett; 'i3.be naturally sly,?' . ? 'Sly ! He isas outspoken as the day,' 'Ah!'r Mary Smith went on with her wool-work in rather a fidgety impatient style after this, -and J onathan Lovett's' eyes -quitted the -grease spot on which they had been fixed, and watched the quick glancing fingers and the two polished wooden skewers with grave interest. : Suddenly he epoke, and in so sepulchral- and unexpected, a. base key that Mary Smith, thought something had happened to him. ' r am very, glad' yon did not think of marrying' young Dodson;' he said ; ' he is a young man wh'o wants ballast, I should say.' 'He is not stable, poor Jack !' was the reply. 'But then he- has been very. unlucky, all his life.' ' And- will be unluckly, to the end, X dare say. Feople like that generally are.' ' I suppose so.' ' '1'am.very glad I- have met'. him, though,' he continued. 'He takes a weight off my; heart. I shall 'be able to help him, -Mid T want' to help him.' ''Sou are very goodi' ' ''You dohtUunkhedeserveB help, perhaps?' 'I don't know. I would rather not talk of him/' replied' Mary Smith. ' He distresses me. T am afraid I spoke my mind too plainly to him;' ' It will do W™ good,' affirmed Jonathsin Lovett. 'He^is'ejffifly depressed ; but then hiBheart soon'growslignt'again; He— ^-' ''Iihought ytra did not want to talk of him anymore? ' STo, mbre I do.' *' Very well then;' Mary Smith glanced askance at the speaker again ; he-was'lookingat her till she looked ' at him, and then' his protuberant - eyes wandered off to. the grease spot, which was certainly singularly attractive to him. He had not1 seen a grease- spotbBfbre on:a waU-paper; or else he was lost1 in' wonder -aB' to how' it got there. Speech seemed to desert him completely, and Mfery Smith grew a little nervous -under his lon'g silence and his peculiar snorfoig, like a' inan'grmding away something in his- throat. 'Either' is a time,' Mary Smith said at last in desperation; 'has he gone any where V ' ' '1 don't know where he has gone, and I don$ ? Mary Smith!' he said suddenly; *'I no more- want to talk about your father than about young Dodson.' ' aour ' I want to talk about yori.' ; MarySmiflrlrnew what was coming now if she had not expected it before. And* she was - grave, sett- possessed, and 'with *a doubt in her Hnndas-toTwKetiHer she was sorry or glad. Tlie proofs positive that- she: was- very much- in demand waB'BCS&rcely; apleasant fact, although flatfering.. It is: not' often- that English maidens have 4A?o offers of marriage between tiea-andisupper, '? - ' ? -?' Mr; novet* took a long deep brea^i, as a man 'does before ?pitching himself in Jtb the water, -and then dived into- bis subject forth with. 'I did- not- think- when we said -good-bye at the hotel last autumn, lass, that I Ehouid^h&ve; come here courting you agsin like a fellow who couldn't— or -wouldn^take no forhb answer,' he commenced.- 'It isn^t like me to beg and pray if or anything,* second time however much my heart, may- be set on it, and it isn't like you-to-eay/the; first- time what you don't mean to say the second. We both speak out pretty Btr^ght. . \- Mary: Smith did: not answer, although he seemed to pause for areply. She kept her eyes fixed uponter -wool work, and pliedher knitting needles very rapidly, ? She- was flashed a little, but^hewasa patient listener. Shewaanotso quick to shut himap as «he had shut up young podBon.vhethought. That was something, and: .: it gave him courage to continue. 'But times has altered with yon and me; Troubleihas-come to both of us, and. life is not what it was,' he said. Mary Smith wondered what4iouble of hers h'enasaliadmgtnortJnnking^f, Whetherhehad been Jable,. after all, to lopkdeeper down into her heart than anyone else had done,, except possibly Floy Deane, and she had had a Suspicion^ being a sharp- sospicious woman. But Mr. Lovett made his n.eaningplain with his -next comments. ''S-our father is out of a .berth,, and all like expense of housekeeping has fallen upon you-; you have been harassing about the loss of little SidB ; you are working at that book night and day, wearing yourself- out with work, and your-slavery is nsaking your father unhappy, and'presently,-it .seems to me; that yourheaith will-give- way- altogether. And all- this is a great trouble to me— apartf rommyownteoubles down in-Lancashire— and it is-so; easy to anake it different and bright, and— and— as it should ber if you couldonly make up yon mind to care forme jiut-a little.' ' T$o man should ?? ask . a woman : to care for him a little,' or to be content' with her caring for-him a'littie,' .said Mary. '^Whynbtr ; 'Itisnotnianly. It is not fair \tx- himself or toner.'?' 'Ian not so sure about that,' was Jonathan Lovett'e -remark-;; 'he may, love her very much; you see.;, he. may' be- so certain that he can make her-hagpy, . and- that - by- degrees, as she - ? comes to know him better, she willlove him all C4ia mruwk Ty\ h^nn «x*i4-l^ Via «rnll Kn «ml4-^« content with her esteem. '. 'Tiis a risky experiment r Mr. Lovett ' : 'It would-be with one very full of herself,. ; vain and- frivolous,, or with sweethearts inr t3ie background, or-with somebody very; much : loved standing in the way,' he said — 'then,. of oouTBe, it would torn pat- an utter; failure.' : Anji. if' there be any living soul whom you . do -love- like this- there's an end of it.,,*- Is there?' . . : : Mary Smith shook her head. 'No,' she said; 'there-is not,' . ; 'Then I should be content with— quite \ proud, in fact, of— your esteem,'' helreplied; ' I do not expect you to be' head - over ears in ; love with, a man of my age first^o- off. \, ftere [ is npthing^attractive about me. 1 am -not even ^clever. There is only my money, !' . . , It-wfts a strange summing, up of himself at \ this juncture,; and- was uttered- very diknally , too ; but it did not setheragainst-him. If she ; understood' anybody ' in -the world now it was I Jona&an; Lovett. ( ''Bat I should make you agood; husband,' t tie went on. ' I'm' very positive on tbat.poin£ \ And- 1- should make your life bright,- in its way-;, aiid ^God- knows you. would make mine [ a' new kindr of- existence altegether; and seeing, i my,-happineB8Would bring -ronmt -yours hytaad ' 'Iihould- notbeginimynew Ufewith un . happiness, Mr. Iiovett,fr she replied,; 'any/ ; more than. ,.-J /should begin with that. deep,. t rtnhantic'paesion- which we novelisfe give to , the heroines oiirar books.. , But' I shotild com ? sbence in all sincerity— inallfaiiih^inafliairhope t of e peaeefnLand contentedlge- with, soch as ijJotvjbK*'.' ' ?' - ? c ^ She -let' the wool-work roll out of Tier Jap to j the Boor, and' field' out' her hands tswards ; bW intoken that*he had accepted him^- aod- I ti-a|£om ihat'hbur forlh'she was-his- affianced [ \\!*&™y? TSfi-my ffeariaftryFlfe '&&&', every- sense-, of the- word, true» You do-net know . how happy, you have made me. You cannot guess that yet.' He did not even kiss her, in hisastoni-hment at so much good luck having fallen to his share ; be sat before her, holding tier hands and look ing into her face, ^i-fPcEltss with the gratifica tion that her own s*e«t woida had. given him. It was not a picturesque position ; it was, after awhile, just a trifle embarrassing to -the younger of the two. 'Old Smith' coning home at this juncture, and taking the liberty of leaving the direct path and stepping to the window, : and looking through it over the wire blind into the room to'eee^how they were getting on, thought they were_ playing at 'cats' cradle,' 'Very extraordinary,' he soliloquised, as he stepped round again to his own front door; ' but it has wiled away thetime, Isuppose ; aad it is not a bad sign.'' He thought it was a very good sign after he had knocked at the door and been admitted into the house, and passed into the room where the engaged couple were sitting complacently, side by side now. On .the face of Mr. Lovett was the broadest grin that could be possibly, imagined to proceed from that rugged Lancashire countenance. It was actually beaming. .'Smith, old gentleman— you very old gentle man, y.ou !' cried Mr Lovett facetiously, '-come and give us joy, and shake hand6 with your future son-in-Jaw. and wish the young doj every, happiness.' ' Is it— us it all settled then ?**' exclaimed Mr. Smith. 'Yes — it -is all settled, think goodness;' re plied Jonathan Lovett. ' I am — very glad— to hear it.' Then he put on a mock air of sentiment him Eelf, laid his hand upon both their heads, and said in a melodramatic tone, 'Bless ye, my children,' laughing hysterically at his own ?wretched Jittle jest. He went quickly out of the room the instant afterwards, and fell up stairs in his hurry to get out of their way, barking his shins enough to bring the water into his eyes, the young couple saw, when they ran into the passage to make sure he had not . hurt himself. The rest of that evening was very bright and pleasant, with everybody in excellent spirits, and the world before the three of them spread out like a fair landscape. And one might have thought that this was the end of the courting of Mary Smith, but it was not. Decidedly, this was very far from the end of itall. Chapter VIII.— In Lancashiee Again. A week or ten days after Jonathan Lovett had proposed to Mary Smith and been accepted, Castle Lovett was putting on its bravest aspect for the reception of visitors. Mir. Lovett had telegraphed some days since to. Mrs. Dalrymple to get ready ; that he was going to bring friends back to Keccleson presently — a gentleman and his daughter — whose names he did not take the trouble to impart to the lady to whom he telegraphed. '' It's a surprise for her,' he said rubbing his hands together g'eefully ; ' 'how astonished she will be, Mary !' 'Will it be an agreeable; surprise 2'' asked his/fiancee. 'She will be delighted,' he replied ; 'How ehe will .go on ! Poor old girl ! I haven't done much in my life but find her board and lodging, and say hard words to her when a bit put out. And here's something to please her at last,' he added,, as if this engagement had been especially arranged as a little treat for Mrs. Dalrymple. ' Why should she be delighted ?' asked Mary Smith. ?? She took a fancy to you, for a wonder. The first female she ever did take to, I'm sure. Very, odd that people^hould-seem to like you a little isn't it?' he- said, quite sportively; 'but when you were at Castle Lovett last summer and autumn she said point-blank to me, * Why don?£ you marry again, Jonathan? Marry some quiet, sensible lady like Mary Smith, for instance. It would be ? better than moping about the premises day after day, and going melancholy mad presently.' And, to tell you the truth, that is what I was afraid of.' ' And that is what made yon -honor me by a proposal of marriage, sir ?' said Mary Smith archly — ' to please your sister, and for the sake of your wits?' .'My dear Mary, you- surely, know better than that,' he Eaid, shocked at the way she had taken it, and -not being veryquick at taking a joke himself; 'yon kuow.I- wanted you be cause1 — wellj -because there %vaB not such another lass in the whole world.' *r Flatterer 1' saidHary Smith; Before the -end of a.f ortcight they : were .all in Keccleson; 'it was fit and- proper that Mary and her father should finally put in an ap pearance at Castle Lovett, There preliminaries might be arranged, and the day fixed, and everything made smooth and propeu-^even to marriage settlements, on which the cotton spinner insisted— and Mary introduced by de grees to all Mr, Lovett's Lancashire friends; Young Dodeon bad-been disposed of before this, and had- set sail for Australia, with a fair amount of capital placed- at . his- disposal by. Jonathan Lovett.; He had been anxious at the last moment to stay and make a police case out of the russia bag, but Mr. Lovett would not second the proposition. ''Let the matter rest, Dodson. I- may proceed with it myself liter on. This is my loss, not yours.' Jack Dodson could not see this very.clearly; 'the money had all along been intended for him, . and he had only come' into possession of some of it a.littlfi while before time. But it- was Mr.. Lovett's wish that- the case,., .against Foster Deaiie*hould-not -be taken up/ Tiere was very little proof, and' at all events Mr. Lovett did not care for any extra worry just then. Money, was nothing to him. . What- was the loss of a few thousands to a millionaire? What . did he care about money losses now that Mary Smith had promised to be his young wife? That was good fortune enough- for him, and for all time; Let the -.money slide! Money had never done him , any good, or: brought him- anv hanniTiRBK— nnlv increased nis responsibilities, robbed him of his daughter, and set a great many people against him. Now his best time- had come. The DodBon business was over and done with, and he had made as much reparation _as possible, ', with the man most wronged- lying in. his grave. An awkward thought- that ; he. wished it had not occurred ?to'him,. Possibly; he was proud of his 'wealth again -when he had brought Abel Smith and bisdaughter to Castle: Lovett, and astonished Mary's father by his Lancashire magnificence,- Mr; JSmith was not prepared: for so much pomp and panoply as this; his , daughter Mary had not talked a .great deal of Castle Lovett at any time, and Mr. Lovett \- himself had not -suggested any 6tate. 'Mary's a lucky girl. What a match to make, old aa he isi' hesollioquifsed, after a run ? ' through the picture- gallery and a perma . nent- pause in the library, from which no. \- earthly inducement could, remove him until: \- the- dinner gong, sounded and. main . foice was threatened.. Hera- he was at home : here he-was sure he should enjoy bim self every day -until the Coalsby. librarianship came off.: Mr, Lovett would: have: cancelled : that bargain ; that proposal to use all his vote and interest to secure Mr. Smith: the post of librarian; circumstances had- changed,, and he - \- did not relish the idea of his- father-in-law being a two-hundred-a-year man, or' Ooalsby \- knowing anything of the antecedents of Abel Smith, But Mr. Smith was very firm on this point ; he did;not want to lead an idle life ; he would-be glad' to be near his Mary,, within- a fair and reasonable distance, after the marriage, had taken place, but' he would be: glad also to feel independent,- and he had set his heart on the Coakby library. It was exactly in his lice. After dinner at Castle Lovett', was perhaps the happiest time— when the courses had been gone through, and the footman's plush breeches and white calves had twinkled through the doorway and left the family in peace. The Lovetts and .Smiths did not always adjourn to the drawing-room, where it was intensely cold, despite the big fires, and where nobody wanted any more room. The dining-room was large enough for anything and anybody in -winter time,, and here Mr, Eovett would introduce his 'long clays'— his futnre f ather- ? in-law .liked ''long clays,' and- so did he— and thcrewas no protest against tobacco smoke ? fiom the ladies. - They were a peculiar quartet,- but there was one- common ground, on which they ; could meet. Whist - levelled- all- distinc \ tions, .if there had- been any. distinction be ? tween them, or any. one of th&f; our had thought . t3iat there had bten. And each could play ? wbist tolerably, well — indeed,, was: fairly : in advance of the average whist player, with, a bouI above wrong leads, or :' bumping a partner's trick. Jonathan Lovett and Mary- Smith were invariably ; pitted against Mr; Smith and Mrs. Dalrymple,. 'and -the- game was a serious business, siientand . stud ions, till it was over, and comments on ? each other's strategy were interchanged. Oif ; the four, Mr, Smith was the best player — which was somewhat remarkable in a gentle i man a little disposed to be dreamy. He was ?? a born wbiet-player, fertile in resources; £ound, i ingenious, and sharp as a needle. ' Your father is;a very surprising man,' Mrs, ? Dalrymple said one morning to our heroine, ; when they were together inthedrawingrroom ; ' ' he play» whifet ina wonderful manner,' 'Yes; He is a good player.' '' He ie a genius. ? I am not astonished now, ' Mary., as to where you got your devernasB fiom.' \- Maty Smith langbed, but. whether at the i idea^of ( her- father- being . a- genius; or at - the: j origin of her own cleverness, was not apparent. 'And fae'e so ataiab'le, too !? I am sure i i Hever remember meeting, so 'amiable, a. maa.. * S« di&erent-from; Jonathan,' ehe «dded with a , 'Oh !:you must not say a- word^ against j Jionatban to me,' eaid'Maty.-Smith, J' or in -his i t aJDMBfefe- imustfiKbMuB bSkttteattr him.' i ?rY*6t-that'e-ri»ht,»««-i.Mr&Dairylnple; \- '! and I stonld not blame* yona Buti t never - s^d- Jca»«hu» w*M firtdt»«B#-Mid^*ht«=r^^- timer, and* when- hB-corddirtr have- exactly-ftis' own way. But he is so different now — andhe never mopes or stands about with his hands' in his pockets, half an hour at a time, thinking what he shall do next; he has brightened up wonderfully, and that's all through you. And I am so glad — I am «o very glad, Mary !' 'And if I have the power to lighten his life, why, I am very glad too,' 'If, my dear! There's no if in the ques tion.' i ' Then I am very gla-J. 'I always thought my brother Jonathan would marry again,' she remarked ; ' there are some men always marrying again ; you're as sure of them as of asparagus in July, and I fancy Jonathan has been dreadfully, hipped, with no one to look after him, or care for him. Net that poor Mrs. Lovett looked after him at all, or cared for him very much either, but then she was delicate and fantastical and dreadfully aggravating, and always thought so very much of her own ailments, poor thing. She Rot very irritable at last — used to call me an old fidget and a mischief -m»ker, and once,' Binking her voice to a whisper lest this piece of information should be wafted into the servants' hall, ' 'a meddlesome old fool.' I shall never forget that day. We had many words together, though I was fond of her all through, and she was never grateful, I am naturally of an affectionate disposition, but, like Jonathan, there was too much energy in me once. I wanted to be bustling.' ' Yes,' said Mary Smith thoughtfully, ' so — so I have heard. She did not quite understand this sudden dissertation upon the merits and demerits of the first Mrs. Lovett, and upon the degree of friendship existing between that lady- and Mrs. Dalrymple. Jane Bebchain had wanted' more than once to tell Mary: Smith all about it, but Mary would not listen. She was ?wondering now why Mrs. Dalrymple was so extra communicative. The reason was apparent immediately after this. Mrs.. Dalrymple had had. a motive in bringing the subject prominently forward. 'Why I am telling you this, my dear,' she eaid, laying her hand upon our heroine's — 'wearying you and worriting myself — is be cause 1 had made up my. mind I would, as soon as ever I could, have a nice long talk with you. I have got sensible of late days, and' I want you to know that I'm not going to begin over again all the old dreadful, quarrelsome, interfering business. When you are married to my brother,' she said, in a whisper again, ' I'm going away. 1 shall leave you and him to your two selves; I shallhave nothing more to do with ypu,saveas a visitor now and then, and if you will put up with a cross old woman at times, . I haven't told Jonathan yet, but I thought it might eaBe your mind to know what I was Eroingfo do.' 'I have not thought of it,' replied' Mary Smith; 'and I don't think I should like you to go away, being very sure that you and I are not going to quarrel about forms and cere monies, or precedence, or anything.' 'My dear, don't trust- me,' said Mrs. Dal rymple, frankly. ' I have the best intentions, but I have the Lovett temper in -me, and servants do try my patience; and when things go wrong, it comes across me that I can only put them right after my own fashion. And other people have different ideas about that.' 'But ? ' 'And you need not argue the point withm», Mary; ifs all settled. 1 shall go down to some quiet little place by the sea, and on Jonathan's allowance— he has always been very liberal — I can live -very comfortably indeed. Yourf ather says—' 'My father?' ' Yes ; I have been talking the matter over with him, and putting it plainly before him,' she replied. ' And he's quite of' my- opinion; and says I am the- mosfcsensible woman he has ever had the honor of meeting. That's his' pleasant way of flattering- me, of course ; but' he feels I am acting sensibly^ and so do I.' 'Yes,' said Mary Smith irresolutely. 'I suppose so.' 'Don't you think so?' 'I have not had time to- think of it,' answered our heroine. ' I have not thought anything of this— of what alterations my coming might make amongst you all. Tne castle should be large enough for you and' me together.' '? Your heart is, Mary; if the^caatle- isn't;' she saidt with Lancashire quickness-; 'but I have quite made up my mind. Jonathan shall never say of -me, as he did when his first wife was alive, that I-made a fair half of the un happineee between them. Bleat if he shall'!' . she added -with charming brusquenesa. ' Were they- very unhappy, then?' asked Mary. 'They didn't understand each other alto gether,' she -replied,- ** Most married people . don't. Dalrymple -never -understood me the least bit, and I'm quite certain there was no', making him put; he was contrary like. But ' yon,' Bhe added, 'will understand my brother Jonathan; and as he thinks there was never another1 young person lik'e you, why, this will be a comfortable match — very comfortable iiideed.' : 'I hope so. Comfort is something,' said Mary drily; : 'Your father and: mother were a happy couple, I imagine ?' ' Yes ; they were,-' 'Didn't quarrel much?' she asked;curiously. ' They did 'not quarrel 'at alL ' ' Bless my- soul ! It's- astonishing'?' Mrs. Dalrymple remarked. 'What a peculiar life it must have been !- Didn't they quarrel about his reading' too much -V 'Whyj that kept him quiet,' said Mary . laughing. '? Yes, but from morning till night like that ; he must have been a bit trying. I fancy,' she added thoughtfully, ' that if I had been your mother /should have roused him'!' Later that day, after dinner and after whist, . Mr. Smith found an opportunity of taking his daughter aside and Baying — 'Has Mrs. Dalrymple been telling you of her future plans at' all ? ' 'YeB — a few of them, dad.' \- one saxnorougmy sensiDie woman,' ne said positively. ChapteeIX.— A SukpEISE. When Jonathan Lovett was informed of the resolution- to which his sister nad arrived he did not betray any- excitement one. way or another. He was very, imperturbable concern insr anything and everything save Mary Smith, ' What does Mary say about it ?' he would re mark upon every occasion, and Mary having expressed an opinion- there was an end of the matter. The flitting of his sister would- have startled and unsettled him a. few months back ; he had disliked changes always, and- had himself run on in a groove for- many years, but if Mrs. Dalrymple wished to leave Castle Lovett he had no objection to urge. ' You shan't want for noirt,' he said to her. ' Mary will never be able to say that I stood in her way, or took upon myself after sue was mistress,' said his sister. 'That's true. That's good,' remarked Jonathan, and that wa 41 that was said be tween them on the subjc _c. He- did not think: of it again for a time, having. so manyaffairs of his own to consider, and being- so fall of his-coming wedding, wKch was fixed for next May. ' 'When the earth begins its new life, so will you and Mary,' Mr. Smith- said, quite poetically. They did- not return to Paradise -terrace, South Lambeth. When- Mr. Smith was-' appointed librarian to the Coalsby EreeLibr&ry;, . an old friend and neiehbor of Mr. Smithx^klled' a sale of effects by the owners will and cony sent, got rid of the furniture, and sent down all the books. Mr. Smith stepped into a neat - suite of apartments attached to. the library, to which was attached also the Coalsby Insti tute, -and Mazy Smith presently went home to her father's new quarters, after three or four weeks holiday-making at Castle Lovett, and Jonathan Lovett came courting every Tues day, Thursday, and Saturday to Coalsby — American mail days !— and seemed with his new thoughts and his new life to nave knocked off some fifteen years of his age. His step was more elastic, he held- his head higher, there was a new color in his cheeks, a fresh bright ness in his eyes,- and his voice had a cheery ring in it that it had lost for many a long day. The new life gave * fresh outlook for this man : — new life and' new blood, along with the new thoughts-that the world was not wholly barren ground, with a tombstone in one corner of it. Jonathan Lovett believed that happiness was advancing straight at him ; that with his young wife,' frank;, faithful, and1 wise, there '. would : never- comea-cloudiaerosiSihini.; plenty of afftction, plenty of money, and- plenty of' : the peace of- mindithat passethall under statodirtg. i 'To^suddenlpwafeecupj-MaTyi and find all . this a dream.now,' he. said, one evening; when he was bidding her farewell ; ' what a waking for.me!' : ' Would it. really depress you1?' sh& asked ; lightly^ 'If would simply kill me!- That's all,' was the response. l Mr. Smith had been a listener, and-after Mr . Lovett had gone .away in: bis carriage Jand pair, which alwayBifetchedbimafter-his sweetheart -ingr, the father said^— 'I wish he did not think quite so much ; about it all.' 'All what!??1 said Mary, innocently; i 'WeU— about yo»,'-saidiMr; Smith j he's : got you-too much vinius hewl^ It doHt believe the man is ?thinkingofiaiiythiog' els». And that I is a trifle.too-ridicuions^t fifty-five. / 'leit notvery?nice toben*idea.fuss«ver?' asked Mary Smith ; 'to know that there is one iman who sets ystm on-apedesty and-makw a^ saintof.y»u2-.' t 'Ah! but the man sheuldibe oniaipedesfei- } too; ior thesaint tofidMiirej-witen*-i' iseraddedf j drily,, 'sbecittsieotibwtifiiet' ' Don't, jtou«MakBadintte4Mr^lievflttd*4?'* I : uY«B^^a«d}p-u'Uimtd^4duwoSet«f4l-»4^rt£ igooxtefliic-1 P ..... ? . ? - ; «- 1 l .... ' - - -.' ? '.Dad,* whafare you ratoblui^aboutT' said' Mary, shakinfr him by the shoulders; ' But I wish-at4amesi'h& had -been 30 years— 1 or eyen 26- years — younger. Not that it matters— oh, no!' he added quickly. 'A man is as' young as he feels ; it's when the heart grows old that the mischief begins, - And you're exactly suited to Mr. Lovett. ' 'Thank- yon for that opinion,' said Mary Smith, with a curtsey. ' You'reolder than youryears — prim, matter of- fact, and keeping aU your romantic notions - for the books you write, and which, I fancy j you iciil write, despite Mr. Lovett's objection to books, and because it's your heaven-born ' mission to do so, my child. But,' he added, ' if you had been anyone else ; if you bad been ? like mofct girls ; if you had been a dozen times in your life head -over-ears in love, for instance, or 'if you h&d; been just once in your life deeply and desperately in love with a hero of your own age — your own tastes and pursuits ? — 1 sh- uld have said, ' Don't marry old Lovftt.' 'You would f ' 'Yes, I should. Not for all 'his money, Pol y, would -I bave advised the match.' '?Not if it were all over and gone — every past fancy ?'' ' It is- npvar all operand gone.' * The men I had been 'in love with a dozen times ' would have become mere phantoms,' said his daughter, 'and the hero I might have loved 'deeply and desperately1 ?would have died out early, as heroes do so ofUn.' ' Even then, I should have hardly con sented.' ' Romantic and improvident parent !— why ?' ' You wouldhave shown a capacity for love making, you see,' he replied, ' and then heroes .start into life again, or fresh ones come troop i&er; up, and the husband would be getting less heroic every day.' This was not like Mr, Smith's usual train of reasoning. Mary Smith looked very hard at him -now. Had he a motive in moralising or in rbapodising in this fashion? Mary Smith alwayB looked for motives now. Perhaps, as time - was gliding onwards, the father was getting nervous, or something that Jonathan Lovett had said had set Abel Smith thinking of;'the possibilities.' She would not leave anything to speculation, however ; - she went straight to the subject on band, solving all doubts at once. 'Why do you talk like this to me, dad?' she asked. ' Have you any reason for it '1' 'My— my dear, am I not privileged to talk to you like a father ?' he enquired. 'Yes; it is your' duty to warn me— guide me — keep me on the straight path — by wise counsel and wise watch. But,' she added, 'do you think I am tiring Mr; Lovett, that you ask me to pause?' ' Oh, no ! It is an excellent-match ' 'I should -have accepted him had he been a poor man,' she continued. ' I am not going to marry him for his money;' - ? *' No, of -course not. You are.the lastgirl in the world who would do that. You are the last ? Have you heard from the Manchester solicitor lately, Mary-?' 'No; I despair of hearing anything from him again.' 'Nothing about the will? — or— or any thing ?' 'No.'- Why do yoiu ask me that question ? You have a reason. You knpw; something, dad— you have heard something!' she ex claimed, with more excitement. ' ' Tell me what' you know.' 'My-deat, I don't know anything for cer tain — there is nothing certain aforat anything in -this -world, iff there?' 'No, GcoH, please.J' 'But— Dids's father, Mr: Chinery— waB it Ambrose Chinery, I wonder ?' ' Yob-1- Ambrose CHinery; yon know it was. What of him?' she cried. 'What' do' you know about him? Tell me what you have' heard.' 'Only this; that someone came in from the town hall to-day, and said a gentleman had run : over from Manchester in a great-hurry and en gaged the town' hall for a 'lecture by 'Mr. Chinery. Mr. Ghinery had telegraphed from ? Cairo to the Waterspout people to secure the Coalsby Town -Hall for his new-lecture on the fiiteenth of next-April.' ' Yea— lecture— telegraphed—yes !' 'A- lecture on 'How I Escaped Captivity.' - So he is notdead after all, unless this is a hoax from beginning to end. And I don't see the the object of a hoax of 'this kind, unless— — ' .' Unless what?' askedi Mary Smith as he paused. -.-??. : 'Unless it was thought that itnright annoy1' you or. Mr. Lovett, . or somebody else;' : ; 'Why annoy me, dad?' - . : .'? 'IVIy dear,.! can't tell.— I don't know;' he . replied ; ' you-havea very bad habit of asking ~- questions which nobody can answer.' 'Yes? I have noticed it myself,' said Mary Smith, half absently ; 'go on please.' 'I have nothing more to go on with, Mary.' 'Why did you not mention all this when Mr. Lovett was here ?'' ' I — I thought I would not.' ' Mrs, Foster Deane might have played a trick of this kind, if there were any reason far doing it, which I cannot see,' she said, ' if this were not really the truth.' ' And supposing it to be the truth?' 'I should have heard from Manchester before this.' ' ' From that sleepy lawyer ? Not you.' 'I should have heard from Cairo, she said thoughtfully. 'My dear child, why-ahdulil' he have baeh' urtuch a hurry- to let you know that he was ' alive?' 'He appointed me his daughter's trustee^ the executrix toKis 'will.'1' 'Yes; but ? ' ' . 'His; child wouldhave been glad to; hear ' tbat her father was coming back to her,' said.. Mery- Smith ; ' she should have been the. first to learn such glorious-news!'' '. VGlorioTOnewB!' **'Y«stbDidB; Tom&if; you like,' 'she 6aid; looking- steadfastly back ather father; 're- leasing me from a responsibility- that I found beyond my strength', Betting him in hisrigfctful position aB- protector' of his' child; saving her from a bad ?mother, and a mother's bad' example ; bringiner him back in- all his- health and- strength to iameand honor,' andthe friendr who have miBeed him.'* ' Amdyouare^one of tbe-friends ?': 'Hardly;' was the repry; 'I was not thinking of myself . I had not seen him many times -inmy life. I have ?not even the right to consider hinra fciend-of mine.' 'He made yoa' bi» executrix, trustee for Dids, ail'kindB-of things, Polly?' 'Yes.?' 'He must have -bad a very high opinion; of youj and- in a- very little while too,' was the dry response. ' Yes. Itwas strange.' ' It might have benen natural.' 'Idon-t; know- that it wouldhave beenab soluteiy -unnatural,' answered Mary. Mr. Smith laughed' pleasantly at this, but not the ghost of a smile flickered- reciprocally round- the curves of Mary Smith's red lips. She only- looked with a steady, almost solemn ga^zeat her father, and it soon -'took -the- laugh out of him; and brought on an unpleasant1 ' sinking' inside him. Was she going to stare atpeopleas Jonathan Lovett did? Had she caught the habit from him ? Abel Smith began to wonder. What was she lookiDg at ? 'You would- be very glad- if Ambrose' Chinery back to hierl' he asked slowly, ^ Very glad indeed.' ' For your own1 sake, too ?' asked 'Mr. Smith - eagerly at last ; 'I— I hope you are not going to say tbati I don't know- why— I can't -tell why, exactly— but I should not like to hear yon say that now; Polly.' : ? ' For my.'own «Ske !' repeated' Mary Smith. ' I am not thinking of myself . It has so little to -do with- me; It cannot influence my life in any 'way, for good or harm, now; Buttaat-I shall be very glad-he is spared, God knowe,' she added earnestly,' ' ' And you think he is alive f ' 'Y*s. After aU, I think it ia true. I? : 'We shall know to-morrow, St any rate:' ' ' Oh ! what a4ame to-morrow is' always !'- answered Mary Smith, CHA3PTEE-X,--THE TEtEGEAMi : The morrow-was -not long in coming- after all. : Good news as well as bad Sies apace* in Lanca ? shire. It is a county of much DusinesB, and of . a few millions of busy folk, and the telegraph wiresare'always flashing news 'from one cuiious : person to another.' In the- morning there were ' mauve-colored bills outside the town hall, announcing tbatMr: Ambrose Chinery, special war correspoBdentof l the Manchester Waterspout, would, on the ; fifteettthioffATpril next, relate the particulars of bis- wtmderftii - escape from captivity in the - ; Soudan; \- The: bills- weM on; the -walls of the opposite'' ( house,-- at)doutEide tfee shop-dooi-s of all the ? stationete'and cigar'sbopiR, and^heboys-siaemed' selling: the cojiieie^of the Waterspout at* a great I tatfeiin tbe-?oa]Bby_ eteeete.- Mr. Smith had a L copy' waiting for bisJ daughter when' she- came ' ? downBtaiia1 Ifca-fc morniDg; and the snatdh she : made at it, with hands that trembled in'spite , of her,- set the ^fattier wondering1' again if ail ?was well — if it-were quite as!wella-j' he could - i wish — if: it were as well as it should' be in t the'- Beieret rfecesees ? of one ' fluttering' heaTfbe \ side mm. Heihad not heard much of this \- ehioeryfollow, but he had had 'an idea or two } which, though they had not troubled- him, he ; had- kepttfe himself uatil now. There waeineWB^-great news— in HHe'Mtm \ ohCSUr'I-a4l^-Wattrtfmii-&itA; moroingi aad he . had- toewBQSe; acqtiaantea -with it before- fair ; daughter. Now he esottld watch- her at Hie I breakfasttable^-rtudyherandtbtrtjffectit'had . uponbfert , But MsiyiSmitb.' n7ade*no' at/tetnpt to' dls; ? I guise-HerteeimgB: Sne'read ttfe'pa-rticulars of Ambrose- ijftin&tfk; escaper carefully: andv I oritlctdly. ; ife^WaB^intvalltf at Cajno now,- and-J ' i ^rOte'froin^Gairo'tO' tlfiB jjuy^u1 ' wUich Ifad sent . ' Inulf*. J~*ut JA'-'-.o'yiJMSl'B CDrreftpOlSScBt^^. 'frf'fi n'S^t' I UatWesy- hg-ifatd^betit/ disetJv5$w-d*a Jftesflfinr. r! t . - ? ?*'?-.-- - - - - ? * ; - ... - * into a village in the interior ; he had been nursed from death'sdoor by'rude but notun kindly; hand*,' aad he. badfcaved hisown life afterwards by much tact and addreps, and that marvellous coolness to which Mary Smith had been - a- witness on one particular occasion. And then the war correspondent had ' watched '? his -opportunity: and got away — one of- the few lucky ones who had ever slipped through the meehes which the enemy- had spread, and got ?' clear off into friendly quarters - again. The WaUrtpout made a great feature of this, and in leader type, and set aU Lancashire talking, and presented a fair and respectable hero to the public. It was the event of the day,' and Coalsby, recollecting the brilliant lecturer of last year; -was especially exultant, and — so was Mary Smith. She put the paper down, with flushed face atd glittering eyes. 'Thank- God!' washer exclamation ; 'this is a resurrection from the dead, and I am very giate'ul.' ' I wonder when he will be- back?' ' The paper says he leaves Cairo to-morrow.' 'I wonder why he wants to lecture at CoalBby all of a sudden like this ?' remarked Mr. Smith. ' Why ne thought of Coalsby all that long way off?' Mary Smith had wondered at that also. It e( emed a strange thought to occur to a man still- on the sick list in Egypt, and one who, when in full health and strength, was not dis posed to do anything in a hurry. But she turned the subject a little by adding—*' And I wonder why he has not telegraphed to me or Dids. That is the strangest part of It,' 'Telegrams from the East are expensive bits of bueinesB. He relied upon your seeing the newspapers to-day j' was the father's theory. 'He would not have studied the expense.' That little mystery was very quickly cleared ' up, however, and there was nothing more to wonder at on that score. He had telegraphed; but it was to No. 94, Paradise-terrace, South Lambeth, the impression being on bis mi ad that Mary Smith had long ago left Castle Lovett. And there had been delay, and the - loosing up of neighbors, and the finding of the address of Castle Lovett, and a sendingof the message to Keccleson, care of JonathanLovett, Esq. And it was Jonathan Lovett who brought the telegram in his hand to Mary Smith, and who, ' always glad of -an excuse to get to Coalsby, had brought it with him- in his carriage, and might have been just a little curious himself to know what it was all about. When middle-aged men go Bweethearting they are just a trifle too curious, and do not take too much upon -trust, as -ardent youth, all love, romance, and 'perfect confidence; will do occasionally. , ' Here's a telegram for you, Mary— a foreign one,' he said, as he entered the room at ten o'clock in the morning — one of tbefearliest visits he had paid her at Coalsby. 'Oh-! it was sent to you !' exclaimed Mary. . * ' Did you expect -a telegram?'1 'Yea.' ''You did not say; so last' night ?' he- re^ minded her. - 'Last night I did not know— not till after' you had gone, at least,' she explained. ' Who told yon after I had gone?' he asked. Mr. Smith looked confused, but he buried himself in his newspaper, and was- very diligently employed in its perusal- when ? his daughter said— 'Dad had heard from tiie- institute people ? that Mr, Chinery was -living;' Baid''Mary'very calmly, ' Cninery;!' exclaimed Mr. 'Lovett ; 'did you sa.y Chinery ?' 'Yefi.?' 'Heis alivej then? That— fliatltelegramis- from him?' 'T think'so,' ehe said opening1 tiieenveAope at once; -'have you not seen tnenewEpapers ?this morning?' ? ? . . . . : ' They never'get-to me till mid-day.' Keccle son' is an outof-the-w&y; hole,' heaniwered petulantly; . : ''Nbt tbeplacaTds outside the Bhop3; and' at the town- hall; as yon came througb Obalibyr' .-..-??.?- 'IfhHve-seen nothing, Mary.' He : walked to the window of the-room ancl looked into the street and across the road to the hoarding whereon' he knew most of 'the news of ; the day would be ?advertised. The mauve and black bills were-there; andpartieu larly distinguishable. jMr. Ambrose ?Ghinery1 was to deliver his eecondlectureinCbalsby-on the 15th oCA'prilmext; therewaslitae^ouljt^ about tbat intention, at any rate;. Jonathan1 Lovett stood with his hands clasped behind his broad back, readme1 the announcemeflt:,f 6r himself; &iary; Smith looking^ up from the. perneal of ' hertelegMon- noticed hoVstill and -upright he was- standing; how -not a word' eecaped him; and -how titter big, vfuM- veined hands gripped each other with 'an extra cldse ness, as though for support in anew trial which had come to then: possessor. . ' He started when he felt Mary's bands upon hie arin, and was consciouB that shewasstand ing his side. : 'You would like to read this, Jonathan,, would -you- not?' she said, holding the telegram towards him. ' I dont know that it is any business of ' mine,' came the slow reply. 'You liked Ambrose Cbineryat last.' 'Did I?» he asked gloomny. 'I almost forget.' 'Aaid-yon will be glad that' Dids Ghinery*8 fatherhas bieen mercifully spared us/' 'Spared; ««;-MaTy3 I donSt: see whatrhe is to us exactly.' ' *A^friend- ' Y5waiaBe«Iaidi at any; rate;' he-said; -look- ing at her at last,- 'and tfeatia enoagh.' 'Are-yovi not gia)d,ctoaf' she asked; witfe a woirdewng look intobipf ace; . -? ' Weil,?' Tie -replied slowly, 'lam «9tS»rry; I have not come yet to wishing any-maaa5* life1 awayi'-' - - ' ; . ? ?...-? He tooktbe1 telegram from her hand^ put on his pink&nes;, and read thelewlinesiwhich iticontained.' TJfcy were- very few-and to:the pBSposei;-!— ? ?' ? ???'?? ' Starting for England at once. I haneeeea^ed dcathiya miratiei- TeUDidil am- safe: Will see you first of-aU.' 'JWffl see yon firit oPall;' repeafcs&Mr.; Lovett, 'Why is he!in so gre&trahoriy;:tDseer you?' ' I^annot^&y.; \- But— I dread his ^coming.' ' Why should yon dread it, Mary V ' ?' 'Wtoat-would poor Chinery havefsaidaaa. he lived to come back? Don't you TCmeaHber asking me tbatquefltion,'and^an(f nearly break* ing my heart ?'? she exclajmed. ? 'Ah-! yes,' said. Mr; LovettJ 'bat-' yon nmstnot-bother about: that now.- He cannot be bomeyet 'awhile, and we shall have time to think what is best, and how best to: break the news' to 4am.' ' 'Orto act for him before hearrives.' ' In what way do you mean, Polly ?' asked her-father: ' 'Dida might be with ns agaifi— ^by'Uiat'- time;'-* - : ' ' ImpoBsible^!' 'They might be glad to give her up fo^neT to Etfve trouble— to save; facing him in hia anger and'righV cried Miay Smith: 'I- don't tMnkj they are' people easily alarmed,' said Mr. Eovett, ' TOiey- are-more likely to get'clear:out'of the way, iPthey- wish to keep the child;' - .'?'? 'Ha-! we must:know where they; are at ODce. TheymnBt? be watched.' 'They have been watched for the last month j' said ' Mr. Lovett; 'T *h-ragh1f yoa would like Dids back, if possible.' ; ' Thank yon,' murmured Mary Smith; Mr. LoVett did«not remain very lbngpn'ttiat occasion. He changed the subjects, ;andf did not talk of Ambrose Chinery any more.' He stared harder than ever that -morning, bat it was over the heads of Mary and her f atner'raffier than at'eiHier of them'. He was abBentminded, too, but he was extragentlein bis way; and only' on his «terh face ttiere were deep* lines. His was a long look ahead; and far from- present company. Was he- looking [out for Ambrose Chinery already? Could he -sfee'hlm coming on steadily and-8urely, to take/a partf in his life and Btiandin-hisway, blocking up all the light that was left? When he was gone,-. Mr; Smith approached, his daughter, who was sitting1 at the window1 looking across at the mauve bills where 'Am-. brbBeChinery,miAmbrt)SBGhin;ery,'' 'lAmbrpBe;. Chinery;' waa=proclaiimediin black, staring1' ca'pitaleiromthe walls of -Goalsby; 'Pbllyi'he'Baid. ' . 'Teffdadi What is it?' 'May Taskyoti onequestfoni1' Ishotddlife to know so nrncH.' - - - ? 'Well?' . - - ' ' 'Had you known: Mr. Chmery was alive - when Jonathan Lovetfaskeil you to be his wife, what would lyou- have^said ?' ; 'I should have said' 'No !' ' answered Mary Smith; - (T^bcoj}tiMieAi) 