THE OAKDEN HILLS WELL. TO THE EDITOR. SIR,—In your issue of tbe 5th inst., there appears a letter signed by a certain George Mitchell, discribing himself as a teamster, and asking in his own interest and in that of other teamsters and the travelling public generally, who has charge of the Government Well on Oakden Hills Station. No doubt the whole race of carriers and the great travelling public in all its entirety will feel themselves placed under an everlasting obligation to Mr Mitchell, for this remarkable and entirely spontaneous proof of biszoalin their behalf; aud though I regret that I am in the nature of things precluded from participating in this feeling, I must still congratulate Mr Mitchell on his appearance as the champion of the rights of the public, and also upon the possession of a literary Btyle which one would not naturally expect to find in a person of his class. But perhaps when engaged in literary pursuits, Mr Mitchell, like some famous ecu Iptore and painters, utilises the services of a subordinate technically known as a " ghost," who is slavishly content to do work for which his employer reaps all the fame and reward. Beyond this, however, I cannot congratulate Mr Mitchell upon his appearance in your columns. I cannot quite bring myself to believe that bis motive in addressing you was solely to find out who is responsible for Bellamy's Well. But I have no cause to shrink from telling him, and through him all other teamaters and the reBt of the public, that I alone am responsible for the well. It is perfectly true that when the Government left the well it was fitted with a windlass, rope and bucbetB; but it is equally untrue that when Mitchell passed the well there were only two buckets on the top of the well. As he says, I have removed the backets and rope which are part of the whip erected by the station, but the Bame men who took them away at the same time erected a windlass and left a rope along with the two buckets on the top of the well. Both the rope and tbe windlaeB were there when Mitchell passed, and it is utterly beyond belief that he saw the buckets and failed to observe the windlass and the rope. If your correspondent meant to say that the rope was too short to reach the water, I readily admit that it was, although the rope was lengthened immediately upon my becoming cognisant of the fact. But if that is Mitchell's meaning, I can only say that he adopts a most extraordinary method of expressing it, and one which he, even with the aid of a " ghost," will find it rather beyoud his power to explain or justify. As a matter of fact the original Government rope is now lying close to the well; but as I deemed it insufficient for the requirements of teamsters,I gave express instructions that another rope should be placed on the well in lieu of it. Not knowing the precise depth of tbe well, the men I sent to do the job took a rope of insufficient length; but as I say, tbe defect was remedied as soon as I was made aware of it. I would be willing to allow teamsters to make use of the station whip if they would only take ordinary care of it, but this painful experience has taught me they will not do. On the last occasion on which I allowed them this privilege, one teamster damaged the whip to the extent of £7 10s. He admitted that my estimate of the damages was an equitable one, and promised to make good the injury ; but it is hardly necessary to say that he has not yet felt impelled to fulfill his undertaking. But all this is quite beside the question, as Mitchell has made no complaint about the shortness of the rope, but has confined himself with wonderful perversity to denying the existence of a rope at all. As for the shortness of his vision, which prevented him from detecting both the rope and the windlass, Mitchell will perhaps in the future first remove the beam from out of his own eye before he presumes to cast the mote out of his neighbor's, even if an irresistible sense of duty calls on him to essay the delicate operation in the interests of all the teamsters in the colony, and all this travelling public, Cook's " personally conducted" tourists included. In conclusion, I would say that, in asserting that when he passed the well there was no means of procuring water, your correspondent is guilty of a deliberate and malicious misrepresentation of facts, as can easily be proved by the two men who, on one and the same day, removed the buckets and wire rope belonging to the whip and substituted two 10 gallon buckets and a hemp rope in their place, as well as erected a windlass. If Mitchell had really been desirous of watering his stock, and had found no means of doing so, it is. only natural to suppose that he would have returned to the station, which is only a mile from the well, and stated his grievance. That he did not really care whether his stock got water or not, is evident from the fact that he did not apply at the station or take any other steps to obtain water. As to the question of with whom lies the responsibility for the well, it is ridiculous to suppose that your correspondent could have been in any doubt about so selfevident a point- But if be had, Buraly the only sensible and proper thing to do was to apply for information at the station. It was certainly quite needless for him to parade fails unaccountable gnorance in your ooljimnB. Although, perhaps, if he chose to do so it was his own ffair. The truth of the matter is, Mitchell is one of that numerous class who love to court notoriety, and one of thoBe teamsters who regard the squatter as the natural enemy of their class. He is, no doubt, proud of tbe eight of bis name in print, and is quite indifferent OB to the truth or falsehood of hie statements, so long as they seem to throw discredit on B station manager. But when the real facte of the case are known, the publio are not in the least degree likely to be led astray by Mitchell's assumed zeal in combating abuses which exist only in his own imagination, bnt On the contrary will agree with me thBt bis coodoct in this affair is unworthy and contemptible, and in its senseless spite' and unprovoked malice can only damage bis own reputation and prove an injury to the class in whose welfare be professes each a lively interest. —Iam, &c.;, \- J. BEVISS. Oakden HillB, October 11, 1886. Bews and £. W. Hawker aak the Government to extend the' time of surrendering scrub leases.' Howe Boggesta that they should move for the insertion of aspecial cltus? in the Lands Consolidation Bill, 