Ingle-wood* the Lady Editress. Dear Madam,—Reading the social column in last week's Figaro, I came across a letter giving a descriptive account of the little mining town of Stanthorpe as well as some of its inhabitants, and bethought myself that there were other small towns, a description of which might be equally interesting to the readers of your interesting " At Home." Being at the time I speak of en passant by way of Inglewood, I determined on sending you a short account of that place/one of the first laid out town ships in Queensland ; but it has not taken a progres sive turn. The inhabitants are a -sleepy lot of people, contented with looking forward to a time when the iron horse may convert their little hamlet into a busy thriving town. Alas ! for such a benighted idea. The town rests on a dead flat beside the M'Intyre brook, which in times of flood overflows its banks and swamps the lower part of the town. This brook is well supplied with beautiful clear water running over its pebbly bed, and fine mullet and cod are often caught. The Inglewood soil is of a light-sandy loam, which will grow anything in an ordinary moist season. It is admirably adapted for the growth of the vine, and the grapes grown there are very large, sweet, and juicy. There are about thirty buildings, and a population of something like 100 people, besides which there are a great many selectors within a radius of ten miles. At any rate, the place manages to support two public houses, which are not in any way inferior to the general rnn of country pubs., and there is a good State school building, with sixty children on the roll, and an attendance of about forty daily, and a Telegraph and Post Office which at flood times is frequently knee deep in water, and to which I was told the Government most foolishly intend to make additions instead of erecting a new building above flood mark. The day of my arrival was "Court day," and seemed quite a gala day for Inglewood. First of all, there was a general refresher at the pubs., and then a stampede to the Court House. Having nothing else to do, I followed the ruck, which brought me to a building scarcely fit to be a barn, where -the P.M. (who travels seventy miles to administer the law to the Inglewoodites) was seated on a raised platform, with bales of hay and bags of corn on either side, whereon tho public lounged, sucking straws and seemingly quite happy in that occupation. I fancy Inglewood must be a very litigious sort of place judging from the trumpery cases with which the Court was engaged all day; four out of six were dismissed without costs, and without any murmurs of dissatisfaction. No one appeared to doubt but that even-handed justice had been dealt by the P M., who must have been delighted to get away from such a stfiiing place as the Ingle- | wood Court House. Oar metropolitan P. M. is a i pretty fastidious individual; I'd like to have him out at Inglewood for a month and am pretty sure he would find the smell and noise of the Brisbane Court quite pleasant things on his return. I had forgotten to mention that the Divisional Board-room is by far the best building at Inglewood, and must have cost some hundreds, though only for the purpose of three meetings a year. How the Board spend the rates and endowment does not seem clear, for the roads are in an execrable state and left pretty well to nature. If this is worthy your notice, I will send you an account of another small Queensland town ere long. Meanwhile believe me, Respectfully yours, "A Thamp." At the Cunnamulla New Year ball, given to inaugurate the South Warrego District Hospital j a quantity of the good things provided was appro priated by certain uninvited visitors. The Express is very much disgusted, and says: " It -will hardly be credited that some contemptible thieves stole a large portion of the good things intended for supper. We do not envy the condition of mind of the individuals who can regard such miserable meanness in the light of a lark." Now, that is hardly consistent. If it was a lark, the edibles and drinkables would have been returned after the laugh, and the perpetrators wouldn't be contemptible thieves. If they were thieves, the condition of their bodies (provided they were not arrested) would be more enviable. Rosary beads are the latest novelty in the way of trimming dresses and bonnets. There does not seem to be anything"particularly striking in thia style of ornamentation, but it possesses the charm of being new, which to some people is an ample com pensation for everything else. A.n original style of bonnet has rosary beads, arranged as a net work all over the crown, the coronet shaped brim being stndded all round with the same, and the front trimmed with velvet ribbon, having beaded edges. The "Olivia" bonnet, in straw, felt, plush, and stockingette still holds its own. It has held an equal sway with the " Princess." Perhaps the most popular bonnet-shape we have ever had. The improved "Olivia" has a lower crown than the original shape, and the poke front is slightly modified; one of these plainly covered with navy velvet, with a group of love birds arranged in front, and just a scrap of rich cream lace for a background, has a very elegant appearance. In hats, the latest novelty to hand is the " Camille," said to be very popular among Parisian ladies of fashion; it has a high crown, and large brim, and its irregular shape makes it very becom ing to most faces. The " Hussar" cap, made princi pally in Astrachan, is a very " nobby" head-gear, and will probably take well here in the winter. The " Troy," in silk and Astrachan, is also a taking shape—something after the old " Turban" style. Finney & Isles will shortly open some very beautiful dress materials for winter wear, the rich and serviceable colourings of which are particularlv noticeable. In brown, there is an immense variety of shades, seal, tobacco, Autumn, cinnamon, chestnut, and many more both in cashmere, a beautiful make of Astrachan cloth, and a fine ribbed cloth—much the same in texture as the Jersey cloths we had last year. There are also some very rich shades in red, grenat, scabious, claret, and a dull, but not very deep shade, known as tile red. In Sydney, simplicity of style is fast becoming the height of fashion, and, judging from some of the dresses our principal dressmakers have turned out lately, we are following in that direction too. The dresses worn by the bridesmaid at a recent fashionable wedding were exceedingly Fimple in design; but, withal, very stylish and elegant, and one of the prettiest of this summer's white costumes was noticeable for its extreme simplicity. Still, it must be remembered, that it is not every woman who can wear a severely simple robe with advantage. Fifty women out of a hundred can dress simply, yet look very fetylish. The other fifty will merge simplicity into a frightful dowdiness, than which nothing is more unpleasant to the eye. It is a fact that very few English women, though abundantly provided with means, can dres3 well. In that respect their American sisters have the pull of them. A Yankee girl looks stylish in almost any thing. It is not the material, or oftentimes even the make of it, but the tasteful combination of colours, and the way in which the garment is worn. An American writer says: " English women shove their clothes on their backs, as it were, with a pitch fork, regardless of colour and texture. They'll wrear a rich silk velvet gown and a cap of imitation lace, or black boots with a white dress." Facts are stubborn things, and these are facts we cannot gain say. Miss Rome, a young lady whose experience in millinery has been acquired in one of the best London houses, has opened a millinery establishment in the Grand Arcade, Queen-street, with a very choice assortment of ladies' and children's hats and bonnets. Some of the bonnets are from French houses. One in the new Olivia shape, composed of rich cream ottoman silk, with a bunch of crimson Japanese poppies, just above the pointed brim in front, is particularly worthy of notice j and another " Olivia ' shape with crown of tobacco-brown gauze, embossed with seal-velvet leaves, the brim wreathed with dark-brown wheat ears, and some crimson poppies nestling in thefront, took my fancy immensely, but it was sold and the fortunate purchaser may claim to' possess one of the prettiest bonnets in Queensland. Miss Rome's ability and good taste are fully evidenced by her work. There is nothing stiff or overdone in the millinery that has passed through her deft fingers. She is a clever, energetic little artiste, and, as such, deserves the success that I am sure awaits her. The Toowoomba Literary and Parliamentary Debating society held their first annual soiree in the Assembly Rooms on Thursday evening, when there were present from about 200 to 250 guests, all of whom seemed to enjoy themselves thoroughly. The room was tastefully decorated with evergreens and flags. And on the floor, tables were placfed within an easy distance of each other, which were strewn with all classes of literature. While on others were all kind of photographs and views, curiosities from the South Seas, electric batteries, &c.;, all of which seemed to draw either spectators or readers, while young couples sauntered round conversing. Several young gentlemen persuaded their lady friends to try an electric shock, which produced plenty of amusement. Songs and recitations were given at intervals. Messrs. Aland and Groom (M/sL.A.) each gave an address. On Wednesday, the 30th December, a Childrens' Fancy Dress Ball was given in the School of Arts Hall, Bowen. There were about 150 children present, nearly all being in fancy dress, and looking the happiest children in Queensland, as no doubt they thought they were. It would be impossible to describe the whole of the costumes worn, but below are given the names of those generally considered to be the most correctly attired. It is a great pity that among so many, so few represented particular charac ters . Miss L. Currell appeared as Figaro ;.. the Misses Emerson, as Nancy Lee and Great Grandmother; Miss Browne, as Granny j little Miss Eykyn, as Bo-Peep; Miss Dickey, as a Fairy j Miss Ada McDonald, as a Sailor Girl; the Misses Findlater, as Night, and the Post j the Misses Terry, as Brit tany Peasant and Norman Girls; the Misses Mac kenzie, as Lady of the Lake and Constantine; Miss Smith, as Caught in a Snow Storm j and Miss Craig, as Miss Hardcastle. Miss Geary, as Cinderella, and Miss. Betzel, as a Golden Fairy, were said by on lookers to have worn the best costumes in the room. There were also several Bed Biding Hoods, Brides maids, Housemaids, Highland Lasses, School Girls, and Flower Girls, and there were, besides, many costumes mentioned on the cards that could not be deciphered, having, no doubt, been written by the children themselves. Among the boys there were any number of stockmen, sailors, carpenters, and school boys ; also, several policemen, soldiers, &c.; The following were con sidered to be the best characters shown: Master Cheffius, Clown; Master Dickey, Officer of the Eng lish Army ; Masters Browne, Barrister and Paddy; Master Miller, Bob Boy McGregor, Hamish, and Tom Thumb; Master Gordon, Recruiting Sergeant j Master A. Palmer, Cricketer ; Master George Mae Kenzie, Highlander; Master Sharsen, Swedish Soldier; Master Craig, Clown; Master Isbell, Butcher. The music was very good, several ladies kindly giving their services, and the Bowen Brass Band played excellently Mrs. Strickland kindly attended to the refreshment department, which was well supplied with all sorts of goodies, contributed by the public. Mrs. Dickey, Mrs. Browne, Mrs. Terry, and Messrs. Dickey, Barton, and Buchanan spent the whole of the evening on the floor with the children, seeing that all the children had partners, and were otherwise happy. Dancing commenced at 7.30, and at 11 o'clock the children started home, having enjoyed a most pleasant evening. The big children then took possession of the hall, and danced until well into the wee, sma' hours. Hughenden has been going it strong. Everybody turned out to the Christmas races on the 28th, the ladies especially mustering strongly, and, though the second day's racing was poorly patronized, yet it was successfully closed by a " grand concert" and dance. The concert was remarkable for being con ducted without sweet woman's aid, but, in spite of this little defect, two choruses from "Pinafore" brought down the house; while Mr. Day, in the Vagabond," covered himself with glory. The audience refused to let Mr. Fast off before they had encored his comic songs several times, and went nearly frantic over a new march " The Hughenden Volunteers," that acknowledges Professor W. Schmahl as both papa and mama, and tickled Hugh enden almost to death. The man in the clock, how ever, felt sick all the evening after hearing Mr. Smith recite "The Spanish Champion," and the oldest inhabitant regretted that the elocutor's " Scotch" prevented him understanding it. The Ghost Scene from " Hamlet" was also rendered very successfully by Messrs. Smith, Fast, Day, and Montgomery; the only discontent exhibited during the evening being at those young ladies who refuse to gratify Hughenden with their charming voices. At the dance everybody tripped the light fantastic till 4 a.m. Meadames Donovan, Irving, and Scowen shining resplendent among the revellers, and dis puting among them the palm for dress and beauty. Sub-Inspector Carr, of the native police, has been promoted to the command of the regular force in the Etheridge district. Carr well deserves it; he is the oldest officer in the native police, and has done good service in the North. The wife of R. Spencer Browne, residing near Mount Cooltha Reserve, was bitten by a snake on Monday last. She was gathering ferns near her house when she encountered the reptile, which was of the brown species. It bit her on the hand. She adopted the usual temporary remedies, and came into town. Dr. Kesteven treated her, and found her arm much swollen. Sbe soon recovered from the effects of the bite, suffering only from weakness and undue somnolent inclinations for a day. The nocturnal visitor to Captain Jekyll's quarters at the gaol turns out to be a chinkie named Ah Sing, who is also charged with stealing from the dwelling of Arthur Banks, Carlton Hou&e;, Upper Roma-street. Peter Carter, Henry Johnson, and Thomais Clark were at work on a scaffold at Struan's Bond, Bris bane, on Tuesday rooming, when They fell about twelve feet, landing on a number of loose bricks and pieces of timber. They were taken to hospital After some time had been fruitlessly spent in endeavouring to find a doctor. Carter went home after having an injury to his hand attended to ; but the other two were severely bruised and cut about the head and body. Johnson, who had only com menced .work that morning, was the most seriously injured. William Orchard and Arthur Love have been made an example of at the Miles Police Court. They were proceeded against by E. A. Gaden, of Dulucca Station, on two charges, which, however, were heard together. The first was driving cattle off the run without , giving proper notice, and the second was driving off a cow and calf belonging to the station trespassed on. Both were proved, and defendants were fined, each, on the first charge, <£2 10s., £2 2s. professional costs, and .£1 12s. witnesses' expenses ; on the second charge, each <£10, and £12s. professional costs. Orchard will find it fruitless to omit giving due notice, and will not do it again for love or money. George Webb, at Charters Towers, insulted a lady and gentleman who were passing on the footpath. The latter gave him a thorough good basting first, j and he was then taken in charge. The Magistrate ; highly approved of the gentleman's action, and en-! dorsed it by fining the rowdy, Webb, <£2. A large meeting has been held at the Royal Hotel, Sydney, its object being the presentation of a purse of sovereigns to Dr. O'Doherty. It was also proposed to give the Doctor a banquet, and a hundred sovereigns were collected in the room. Mrs. Trimble, residing in Stephen-street, South Brisbane, was severely injured by being struck by a man who had broken into her house on Friday night. She had retired early, and on awakening a little later, saw the man ransacking a chest of drawers. Thinking it was her husband, who returned some hours later, she was surprised, as she had locked all the doors, and was about to ask him 1 how he got in, having risen for the purpose. On approaching him, she perceived her mistake, and created some sound which alarmed the burglar. He immediately turned, struck her a violent blow on the stomach, and decamped with about £4, in money. When Trimble returned, he found his wife lying insensible on the floor, and signs of the house having been ransacked throughout^ ThoMAs Schofield, the Government Agent who was convicted of kidnapping, as one in the Hopeful swim, and sentenced to seven years' penal servitude, has been released by grim death. He had been for some time under the care of the medical officer, and died on Monday last. As he hadn't srved two years, he died with leg-irons on. While James Eitzgerald was working in his claim, on the Palmer, a large quantity of earth fell in, and he was badly cut and bruised. W. D. Nisbit, Chief Engineer for Harbors and Rivers, accompanied by Captain Burns, proceeded by the Ranleigh to Maryborough, on Tuesday, to start the new dredge '' Maryborough" at work, at Stewart Island. While he is up there, Nisbet will inspect the Government Contract Works being carried on at John Walker and Sons Foundry. The speaker declined an ivitafcionto the O'Doherty banquet on the ground that, although he entertained the greatest friendship for the Doctor personally, his presence at the banquet would be inconsistent with his parliamentary position. ' . ♦ A Nasty Hit.—The seamens' strike. # # # Peel Island does not appear to have been such a paradise as the outside public wore led to believe. On the immigrants landing on Saturday last one of their number, a widow, who lost her husband and two children on the voyage, attacked the Surgeon Superin tendent with a camp stool, and on being deprived of that weapon continued to battle with her fists. Com plaints are numerous, also, concerning the sanitary arrangements. # # # The old saying," listeners never hear any good of themselves," was exemplified in Mr. Chambers' the city engineer's, charges against Mr. Payne. Avoid oyster shops in future Mr. C. # # # A remarkable picture is to be seen in a boarding house in Ann-street, Brisbane. The subject is "Our Saviour weeping over Jerusalem." In the trunk of a tree in close proximity to our Saviour is a thorough bred American tomahawk. I was unaware of the fact of any commercial relations existing between Jerusalem and Tankeeland in those days. # # # The watchman who said he saw a man's head just disappearing under water when the splash was heard at Gibbs, Bright, and Co'a wharf, early on Friday morning, seems to have been right. That head has been found, with the body attached. It is that of a man about forty years of age, and about 5ft. 8in. in height. He had sandy wiskers and moustache, with shaved chin ; an old scar was on the left temple. The body was dressed in a tweed suit, in the pockets of which <£6 and 8£d. were found. # # # Grave complaints are made concerning the exposed state of the ladies* and gentlemen's baths at Sand gate. Respectable people cannot enjoy a walk on the pier now without running the risk of witnessing most dis graceful exposures in the gentleman's baths, while, at the same time, the ladies bathing cannot enter their boxes from the water without being exposed to the gaze of a lot of larrikins who gather on the pier for that express purpose. # # # I have not seen the weights for Rosohill (on January 26th) when Preston is engaged in the Flying and Cumberland Handicaps. In the latter Ben Bolt, Ellington, Lancer and Lorelei, (sister to Legrand) are also entered. The handicap will be interesting. # # # S. J. Fasnell, overseer of the Telegraph Con struction Department at Tamworth, committed suicide on Wednesday, the 13th, by blowing his brains out. He placed the muzzle of a revolver in his mouth, and fired. He was a son of J. S. Farnell, formerly Minister for Lands, New South Wales. # # * . The s.s. Burwah, owned by Howard Smith & Sons, left for Maryborough and Rockhampton on Saturday. On account of the Seamen's strike she was manned chiefly by the Company's employees. Among them were Henry W. Bolton, as an able seaman; Angus M'Donald their wharfinger, and Richard Cotter under wharfinger, as firemen. Great excitement prevailed among the people on shore when it became known that the clerks were determined that the Burwah, with her usual large passenger list, would not be detained through the strike. If H. Bolton is as smart a seaman as he is at the shipping) -and M'Donald at the loading, the Company will have no need to be afraid of strikes interfering wii|i the work. This is an example for all business people tp follow. First, their clerks in Melbourne load the boats, and then the clerks in Brisbane take tHiom to sea. , * * *■ '^^0' Mas, Fozel, who resided within some little disf tance of Charters Towers, was walking into town on the 9th, when she fell dead on the way. As a local medical knew she had been suffering from Heart disease, it was not thought necessary to hold an enquiry. 