novelist I H O M O i r THE CONFESSIONS OF A MAN OF THE WOBLD. CHAPTER IV.—(Continued). By GEOSVENOB BUNSTER. "01 coarse I do,'" hs retorted, jeeringly. " Think I don't know yon, sir, hey ? Better believe I do 1 What! Would yer ?" With this he raised his left hand to ward off the blow he shought I was about to strike him. I countered, and hit him under his jaw witha strength that fairly lifted him ofi the ground, only to deposit him on hie back upon the gravelled pathway. My father, among other matters, had taught me boxing, and in my course through life I have found it a Yeiy useful accomplishment. However, this heavy yontb was no onr. He got up, and " shaped" in a clumsy sort ot fashion, bet with such energy that he split hia tight fitting jacket np the back. He was no match /or me, eo that in the course of five minutes I had given him a beautiful-pair of black eyes and a tap upon bis snub nose, which did him more good in the direction of phlebotomy than any surgeon's skill ^ould have accomplished with lancet or cupping ' That's enough," said he, dolefully, as the blood streamed from his nose. My word I here's A precious shirt. Won't I get it from Missus. Oh, no, rather not! And.won't yoil get pison. I shouldn't eay so; Wdl. And my jacket busted. Good-bye, Barnaby, my boy. You're to let. Tenders invited. 'Cos'why? You're as good as saoked. Lemons! there's the missus," with which he slunk into the shadow of thewalL But not before the lynx eye of my worthy aunt had seen him. She called him, in a peremptory manner, and he obeyed. A shout of laughter \- rang from my lips as I beheld him. shuffling .towards the good lady; his unwholesome, pasty looking face besmeared with blood, his jacket split from " stem to stern," his long and crooked legs at last a foot too far through his trousers. He looked like a dissipated and damaged grasshopper, arraigned before a court of his kind. To say that horror and indignation were alternately reflected on my aunt's conntenanoeis to say nothing. The impression whioh her looks, her attitude, her fixed stare at Barnaby conveyed to me, was, that she was in'evident doubt as to whether she was cot the victim of some optical illusion. Doubtless, she considered whether it was really possible that any person could have so_ outraged fhe sacred character of her domain as to strike one of her servants. Slowly her gaze turned-from Barnaby's battered 'faoe to mine. It was smiling and genial. I approached, dolled my cap, and bowed to the lady. | _<• I am distressed, Madam," said I, " that [ owing to your Servant's insolenoe, I have I been compelled to chastise him." "Then you—you, sir, have been guilty of fhis outrage?" J smiled, and shrugged my shoulders, and at this moment my father, accompanied by a . dirk, fat, heavy-looking gentleman in clerical Idgarb, joined'my aunt on the balcony. "What is the matter, my dear Ellen?' eaid the heavy clerio, whom I at once Identified as the Bev. Mr. Porter. ' "Matter!" exclaimed the lady. "Matter enough. A precious youth this son of yours, brother. Look at my page, Barnaby." My father did so, and burst into a fit pf laughter. Nor was the Beverend Mr. Porter unimpressed by the ludicrous aspect^of his page, who, in good truth, looked, with his ewollen eyes, and pulpy mouth, and dilapidated garments, very macb like a defeated and demoralised dunghill rooster. To say that the lady was disgusted is to say little. She oast an indignant glance at her husband, and then, mattering some remark under her breath, stalked away. Mr. Porter told Barnaby to go to his room, and wash his face, and I joined my father. " Well, master Jack," said he—" this' sort ef-thing won't do. Yon are already In sad disgrace with your aunt." "I,am-very sorry." I answered, "but really Sir, the fellow was most insolent. He called me a tramp and more than hinted that I was a thief." " Then," interrupted the reverend Mr. Porter with emphasis " I cannot blame you. You served him right. The fact is, my wife spoils that lout, and between ourselves, I'm sot Borq> that master Fcapegrace here, has taught him a lesson. There goes the luncheon belL" • With thip.he led the way, while my father pipebing my ear, whispered to me that he wasnotangry, but on the contrary pleased by the spirit I had shown. And as his good opinion was all I oared for, I sat down to \- luncheon in a very happy frame 6i mind. With my usual audacity I joined readily $n the conversation whioh was somewhat slowly carried on by the seniors at the table. J addressed myself to my cousins with easy familiarity; and was-in no sense deterred from this conrse by the efforts they made to check me. My aunt preserved the most frigid demeanour towards me. This however, I l did not affetft to notice. Indeed. it afforded jne some pleasure to ipnore her contemptuous lieuing towards me. and to take every opportunity of &ddreBsing; myself to her; in this I was enoouraged by observing that my father tool the cue, and enjoyed the mischief. "Why 'do you call that grave yard a garden, aunt?" said I as I trifled with the leg of a chicken. Mrs Potter stared; my L^tbep (pinned) the good Mr Porter looked frightened, "and the girls ' glanced appre hensively at their mother The High Church butler however, turned aside to hide & smile. My tacticB were evidently to hie tote " I call it a garden, little boy, because it is a garden' ; at length answered my aunt,' I laughed. .. " A garden 1" I echoed. " I counted seven daisies, ali of which were in articulo mortis, & debilitated willow tree, and a dozen or eo ot demoralised looking wall-flowers. A garden, aunt!" " Yon are impertinent, little boy," said my aunt with some irritation. " I presume that we may expect to find ourselves and out whole surroundings subject to your criticism." " Nay, 1 ' I answered deprecatingly, " I did not mean to offend you aunt. I was about to propose that you should permit me to improve your garden. ThesoU is good, and although little or no sun reaohesit, I do not doubt that I could make it bloom." " Come now," cried the good Mr Porter; -"that is a handsome offer, Mrs Porter." " A Bprat to catch a mackerel" grumbled the lady. "We shall see whether deeds follow fine promises. Meanwhile, little boy I have not forgiven you for your assault upon my page." " I was jealous of his favor with yon aunt." I answered demurely. She could not help joining with the others in the laugh which followed; and in this humor left us. "And now," said Dr Porter, "we will inspect the Cathedral, and then pay our visit to Dr Wrinekle. If we reach the sohool by four o'clock we shall find Mm disengaged. This we did. Having seen the Cathedral and listened to Dr Porter'sdissert&tion; thereon, we repaired to Dr Wiinckle, whom wr found a meek and crashed out sort of little gentleman with a kindly face and nervous manner— one of those men who, having married a stronger nature, at ones yield up all personality into her hands. "My hoy," said my father," it strikes mf that the grey mare is the better horse. A' the same time, there islao question which is the more worthy. I like the Boctor. comes with us to-night." He CHAPTER V. k Utile DINNEB. - The two gentlemen now acoompanied as for a walk through the principal streets o! the town, in the coarse of which we were introduced to severed other clerical gentlemen, all more or less of the type of the Beverend Doctor Porter or the Beverend Doctor Wrinokle. Any body who may have resided in a Cathedral town in England wQI remember these types, and will, I am sure, acquit me of any exaggeration in my description of these representatives- Clerical life in such towns has -been ably dealt with by the latf Anthony TroIIope. It is characteristic oi English life, and is seen nowhere else than in Cathedral cities. And it bears with it that sound, perfumed spirit of conservatism and dainty gentlemanliness which is nowhere else discovered in the churches, save in the Churoh of England. The parsons of this church may be prejudiced, proud, and narrow of thought, and aristocratic in their polftical opinions, but they are essentially gentlemen. At least thiB is my conclusion, and I have had exceptional opportunities of judging. The dootors too, accompanied as to the Guild Hall, over which ancient building we were shown by the Town Clerk, _a gentleman. by the way, who died not many-months age at Ballarat. And presently we returned to Dr. Porter's residence, whero we partook of some slight refreshment, and where I learned from the High Church butler that Barnaby, the page, had been put to bed, and that leeches had been applied to his swollen optics. " Which ,1 w31 say, sir," remarked thf butler" they are orfuL The ladies in th. kitohen, sir, are delighted. Fori! ever ther? was a pup as needed kickin', that there Bar naby's one. But sir, bless yer, 'tis as muslas our places is worth to say a word agin him; Missus is so took op with tin huglj himp." It will be seen by the reader that I bar! created some interest in the minds of thosr with whom I had come into oontact. Ani 3 this was what I desired. I could never be&? to remain in the background. My policy ha» ever been to push mysslf to the front, as T believe I shall show in the-course of thi: narrative. Bidding Dr. Porter farewell for the present, Dr. Wrinekle and my father and.myself lefthe house, and walked down the high street. Here the Doctor parted with us. "You will be prompt to half-past six Doctor?" said my father. "Remember, nr apology can excuse a man who keeps a dinner waiting." "True, true. I shall be there to th? minute, Captain," and then the little mar walked off, muttering asides by the dozen. < " A decent little gentleman, Jack," said. m\ father. '"What a pity one cannot i say aV much of the gentlewoman, his wife." " She is an ogre," I oried. " And did yor. see her moustache, sir?" - "Faith I did, Jack; there was no need for a microscope to do that." Thpn ho rans the bell, and summoned the landlord, Mr. Becker. Mr. Becker was the very type of an English boniface of olden days. Hia countenance beamed with the spirit of hospitality. He was stoat and hearty, and red of face, and of husky voice. He looked as though he had been suckled upon rare wines and fed upon roast beef from his very advent into this world. He listened to my father's instructions with grave attention. "A dinner for three," said he. "Dr. Wrinekle—an excellent and most learned gentleman—yourself, sir, and your son. At half-past six o'clock. You may rely upon me, sir," and with a bow and a flourish he left us in order to personally superintend the preperation qf the feast. At six o'clock precisely came the doctor, scrupulously attired in solemn black, and looking, for all the world, like a .mammy dressed for a funeral. But he was in high spirits. Indeed, he conveyed the impression that he had been let off hie chain in order to enjoy a run. His face was puckered with smiles. He laughed and chuckled. He quoted Latin moralities for my delectation; in a word, he behaved very much as his pupils might have done under similar circumstances. At half past six o'clock Mr. Becker announced that dinner was served, and we all sat down to a positive work of art. A dish of oysters preceded the feast. Then came clear soup, followed by some delicious soles fried to a tnrn, with a marvellous dish of stewed eels. Ahaunchof Welch mutton came next with a couple of tasty entrees. Some snipe served on toast, some capital sweetB, to which, with a youngster's palate for such matters, I {aid particular attention. These good things, with a noble dessert, made np a very tolerable dinner. I do not know what (he Doctor thought of the matter, bat I pertainly judged from the expression of his face that he was at once delighted and astonished. An after acquaintance with the domestio economy of his household explained, to me that our little dinner must have been a revelation to:him. " Well" said the Doctor, as he sat back in his chair, and surreptitiously loosened three buttons of bis waietcoat. " I must certainly say, my dear Captain Abberton, that your hospitality is overpflweriog." MAh," said the Doctor, smaoking his lips. " an excellent wine, albeit Dr. Johnson sneered at it. Claret for boys, port for men, but brandy for heroes. Hel hel' He was an empbatio personage traly." " We should have heard but little of him, , Doctor," said my father," had it not been for ' hiB toady, Boswell." " Positively you are correot," returned the Doctor, as he drank off another bumper. "BosweU's tittle-tattle is most entertaining.' " Try these olives Doctor," said my father, and the/little gentlemen courteously Accepted the offer. Never, I think,' shall I forget that wrinkled countenance as its owner cautiously plaoed an olive in his mcuth. He puckered up his eyes, twisted his lipsj and expressed In his face the most exquisite disgust. It was evident that olives were not to the taste of the little man. However, he bolted that which he had plaoed in his mouth. " Ahem!" said he," really, now, that was an olive. I have read of them'in Virgil, bat positively never have I before tasted of them. What, now Captain, may be your idea of the flavor." " Well," laughed my father, " if the truth must be told, the impression conveyed to me when I first ate an olive was that the fruit had been preserved in what sailors call" bilgewater." But olives flavor one's wine im- 4 1 Do they, now," said the Doctor, dubiously. " Humph I I think that I prefer the wine without the olives," and he dipped into the claret again. He was so simple, so innocent in his ways that really it was impossible to check the impulse of friendship towards him. And, presently, as the wine mounted into his head, he displayed festive qualities of the most charming kind. He sang us a song, in a little, thin, piping voice, about Chloe and Stephron, and so on, with many remarkable trills and quaveringB. He told as some little stories of ins early college days, when he was "a naughty boy, siJf, and a sad, young dog." In a worc£ he made himself very agreeable, and my f ather, whose spirits were of that elastic kind whioh is proof against dullness, surprised even me by his happy wit and humor. He sang some noble songs, with a deep,,baritone voice that rang and echoed through the long room, acid brought to thd door an admiring audience of waiters and chambermaids. 1 1 Now, Jack," said he, as he finished ( The Old Temeraire.' 'Come, boy. Lat us have youjr song. Sing us one of the ditties Monsieur Tondeur taught yon," and he win feed knowingly. Nothing loth, I burst lorth with Beranger's " Le Vin et la Coquette," singing the ditty with spirit and emphasis. The Doctor's face was a study. " Bless my sonl 1" he eaid, presently, turning to my father, whose eyes were danoing, and whose lips trembled from suppressed mirth. " Where did the lad learn such a son p. Fi6nch too. Wdl I'm rusty as to French—bat still, humph;" and he shook his head aud drank oil another glass of claret. • My father laughed aloud. "A young scamp, eh! Doctor," he cried. " You must teach him to forget his Bohemian education. I'm afraid that I have sadly neglected him." " Nay, nay," said the Doctor, gravely, holding up one hand in deprecation. " I do not think that. The lad is clever, no doubt, and has picked up many matters.whioh perhaps it would have been well he should not have learned. But serious study will soon banish these toys of fancy," and again the Doctor paid court to the claret. He had passed from the first to the second stage, and was now as solemn and didactic as, a. few moments before, hs had been lively and volatile. It was now nigh upon ten o'clook, and the Doctor protested that he must return. " A married man, sir," he said, with something very like a hiccough. " I must keep good hours. Bless me—what a singular phenomenon. Will you be kind enough Capt'en to inform me—inform me—how many there are. of you," and he gazed pitiously at my father, who burst into laughter. At this moment, the door was opened suddenly, and Mrs.- Wrinekle entered tbe room with the stride of a grenadier. Without noticing my father, she approached her husband and seized Ms collar. " Pretty goings on, truly," she said, " ten o'clock and not abed yet," and she tugged at her husband's coat. The little gentleman's imbibition of sound claret had aroused within him that species of valour which is known as Datch courage. He struggled to his feet. "Madam, said he, "what meanB this unseemly conduct? Are you aware who I am; who I am!" " Come aionf?," said the lady, " who you are, you pitiful, little, dried up, sapleBs burlesque upon a man. I should think I did. Good night gentlemen. Your hospitality has been too much for this poor creature," and with these words she gave a sudden tug and the little Dootor disappeared with his oaptor through the door. My father Bhook with laughter. " There, Jack," eaid he, " there you behold an illustration of the influence of lovely woman. I do not think that your mamma could have distinguished herself so graphically. But come boy, get to bed. You.must see me off to- morrow morning. We shall not see each other for some time to come, after we start for the other end of the world," and he drew me towards him and kissed my cheek. My heart was too fall to answer him. When I got to my room I threw myself npon the bed and wept bitterly. A sense of loneliness and desolation'seized upon me; I felt for the Hist time in my life, .the utter misery of one who was about to part with his true friend. I cried myself to sleep. In the morning when I awoke, my father was standing by my bed. His eyes full of tenderness and solicitation met mine he smiled. " Come Jack," he cried, " up with you, I have only nn hour for breakfast and to reach the train. While you dress I'll have *a litte talk with you. I jumced up and began to dress hastily. Meanwhile my father briefly instructed me that I was to write to him at least once a month. He gave me twenty pounds. " Of course Jack," he said, " you need not dissipate this large fortune. Bat you will peed a little money. As I understand, there are some youngsters at this school whose friendship may serve you. There is nothing, my son, which can be so readily bought as friendship. Be disoreet, therefore, and you may turn your twenty pounds to good profit. At the end of every quarter you shall have another tip." Then he was silent, sitting by the window, looking abroad with tbat self-contained look which tells that the influence of all exterior matters axe nnfelt. He was very grave daring breakfast, and said but little more aB we drove to the station. And then, merely repeating his injunctions to write regularly, he warmly embraced me, and we parted. Blind with the teare I in vain sought to control, I made my way back to the hotel, and there, getting my traps together, drove to Mr. Porter's habitation. If its gloom had oppressed ,jne the day before, I felt its influence tenfold to-day. A shudder .thrilled me as I walked up the damp steps and rang the bell. The High Charch butler admitted me with a deferential bow. In him I had certainly found an ally. CHAPTEB VL I AM COBBED. Beceived with formal cordiality by my annt and her family, I sat down to the breakfast,.which. they were careful to inform me they had delayed upon my account. After this I was shown to my room, a ghostly .apartment, fairly furnished, however, and looking out upon the Cathedral yard. It was now nine o'clock, and I. hastened to school, the duties of which had already commenced ere I arrived. Tbe little dootor looked somewhat shamefaced as I saluted him, but as Iwasoaxeful to preserve the- utmost respect in my demeanour towards him he soon became at ease, and questioned me as to my acquire ments. He told me that I must commence forthwith the Btady of the classics, concerning the value of which he was most enthusiastic. " The modern language* my dear boy," said he," come afterwards. The basis of an elegent education are the classics. As for French, he *dded, with a faint smile, "I am afraid you know more than Jt can teach you." .With this he handed me my books and con- -ducted me to my class desk at the lower enor of the large hall which served for tbe schoolroom. I was mortified to findihat my classmates were in all cases my superiors, and determined to do my utmost to acquire the position held for the most part by those of my own age. Filled with this resolution, I conquered my curiosity in respect to my sohool-fellows, and set to work with a will to master the initiative steps of Cesar's Commentaries. My memory was excellent, and as I possessed (and stiil possess) a superior faonlty for concentrating my thought and enemies upon any subject whioh I took in hand, I was quite ready with my lesson when the class was called up. The Doctor was very pleased.* "I see, I see," said he," you and I will get llong together," and he patted my head. At twelve o'clock the work ceased for two hours and jre we were released. With a rush the boys passed into the play-groand whither I followed them. I was instantly surrounded. \- " How old areyou, yokel," asked a big hulking fellow with the visage of a cowboy. " What's you dad ginger," inquired another referring to the aubnm tint of my hair. " Lst us cob him. Fine or cob, fine or cob, and the cry was taken up as half a dozen of the bigger boys seized me and threw me on tbe ground. " Now new boy, said the big f ellowto whom I have referred, as he proceeded, in common with others to tie hard nots in his handkerchief. " It ia the custom of this school to initiate every comer into the mysteries and oeremonies of the gaild. You have the option of buying off, yoa know," and he stood ever me ready to strike. I was furious, and Betting my teeth swore that I would have a mighty revenge. " Tom him on his face lads," oried the big fellow, and in a trice I was set with my faoe to the gravel Then at a given signal, each boy struck me with his pocket handkerchief, ehanting tbe while.' " New boy, new boy, why has he come to us ? Cob him, cob him, pughis et eaUdbtu. 8o he'll learn, so he'll Ieam dooenio dedmu ; Let him know, that we rule, propria qua mart- It was with the greatest difficulty that 1 controlled my fries, for the pain was intense. At laEt, however, my flogging ceased and my captors sprang aside. I leaped to my feet, and without more ado walked up to the big bully who was the ringleader in my torture, and struck him with my best strength straight between the eyes. For. my age, I was very powerful and in this case rage and pain lent me added force. The bully dropped upon the ground, stunned and insensible. " Now," said I as I brushed the dast from my clothing, " yoa fellows have got hold of the wrong pig by the ear this time. Ill thrash you one by pne before a month is oat," and with this I walked cS. As I left I turned my head to observe that my bally had arisen and was being supported into the house by some of his oomrades. " Well Master Abberton," said the Beverend Mr. Porter as we sat down to lunoheon," and how did you get on to- day. , " Very fairly," I answered, as I disposed of a slioe of ham. " Sir, I had to thrash one bully, and, I suppose will have to deal with the lot.*' ily aunt looked at me, Eghast. "I'm afraid little boy (she need this phrase to take me down a peg,) that your disposition for fighting will bring you into trouble. You had not been ih Exeter an hour ere yoa blackened Barnaby's eyes, so ibat he is now unpresentable." "I fancy," said I, "that my friend the bully is in a similar fix by this time. The fact is madam, I do not choose to b» insulted or imposed upon." " In your journey through life," remarked the reverend Mr. Porter, se&tentioasly;, you will find, I think/that you must put up with many insults, many impositions. •'I don't think I shall," I answered, " unless indeed it should be expedient to do eo. May I trouble you for another slice of ham." I saw the girls glance at each other, as the reverend Mr. Porter, firstetaring incredulously at me, prooeeded to cut me a minute slice of ham. " Thanks" said I, " another slice please. School work makes a fellow hungry.'' The.ghost of a grave smile was to be seen for a moment .upon the High Church butler's countenance, as he handed me my plate; and I was not displeased .to note that Lilian the youngest and fairest of my cousins, was entertained by my cool and audacious manner. As for my slant-die stared at me haughtily. I met her gaze. " What is it madam," I asked. "I was thinking, little boy," she answered with a frown, " that nowadays children are wonderfully impudent." "Ton are right, madam," I answered, " though why the thought should have caused you to stare so at me, I do not understand." " Then you have less wit than I give you credit for," she replied. ' "Possibly, madam,"-was my answer,."! doubt not however, that my residence here will serve to sharpen it. Bat as to your judidons observation^ concerning the impudenee of the modern tioy, I quite agree with you. He is an audacious .young cub. But have you not considered, my dear lady, that the cause of his impudence may be traced to his natural rebellion against the tyranny of his elders. Positively it Is so. Tbe modern boy objects to be snubbed. In his revolt he perhaps goes to extremes, and so snubs those who snub him. It is a mere matter of retaliation." It is impossible to convey any idea of the expression of the reverend Mr. Poster's face as I delivered this little address^ Always heavy and stupid of aepeot, his visage now expressed the utter bewilderment and consternation of Its owner. He set down his knif9 and fork and gazed at me. As for my aunt, her frown grew darker asshe sharplj rejoined, " You talk too much, Sir, fot a little boy. Children should listen, not speak.". * " Nay," I laughed," my tongue mast wag. And I sappose, aunt, that I am an impudent fellow. The Spanish saying doubtless applies to me: "Poea barba poea virguenza" and J drank my small beer with an air. \- "And what may that mean young Sir," said my reverend hostr'at last finding his tongue, " Little beard little shame," I laughed, as t glanced at Lilian, whose blue eyes were dancing. *' Then," said my aunt venomously, " the sooner your beard grows the better for your modesty." And with this Parthian shot she arose, I flew to the door, opened it, and as she passed out bowed to the ground. It was evident that our .relations were scarcely of a peaceful character. When she had cone with her brood, the reverend Mr.'Porter called me to bim. "Have a glassof .wine my boy,",said he. " And I like yo^ nohe the less for your impudence," and the reverend, gentleman ahadked, v To tell you the truth," he added, 'Jyoo M® the first who has ever had the' couragQ to tackle her. It seems a strange tbing for the master of the house to say, Master Abberton, but'the fact is my wife is a trifle overbearing. In short, I don t like her "Ands<?," I laughed, "you rather enjoy the spectacle of aiother's rebellion sgainst the U^y'secqentncities." ($Qitcetfto Ufa). 