? THE WINTER'S TALE. [BY ONE OF THE Clown.] To spend C'Jir'iBtmBS Day as on invalid in a A anchovies infirmary, and be cheerful without, would probably too severely test the capacity stir jollity of any one but a Mark Tapley. But, thanks to the vastly improved order of things in our metropolitan asylums for the poor, those who are glad to avail themselves of board and lodging at the expense of the ratepayers have but little cause for grumbled at their to Mr mem at Christmas or any other time. but at the season of universal rejoicing, although the generous concession may not be expressly sanctioned by poor-law potentates, there is a general relaxation f rigid rule in favour of the inmates, which, though they of course, cannot shut the Moves together amiably work it. is well in the infirmary, where the sick and feeble of the pauper kind' are thundered a?" in every other part of the house, every effort is made by the officials to make those in their charge as comfortable as possible, The bedridden are allowed such extras " as they may harmlessly partake of, and those who are well enough to get up, gather round the, great fire, and, after a good dinner do their best' to forget the past and enjoy the present, stimulated thereto t by, the rare treat of a half-pint, or, perhaps, if they are strong enough to bear it, a whole pint of beer and a half-ounce of tobacco. ' i 'I . i .. ' ' This being the treatment general at all workhouses, it will be 'unnecessary to state at which one it was that, on this Christmas afternoon just past the invalid tinker was file of the company seated round the infirmary fire. A travelling tinker, and accustomed,'' during genial Wait her, to save the expense of a lodging, by stopping of rights under haystacks and hedges, and being not at all times sufficiently sober to discriminate between dry grass and damp, the end of it was that rheumatism seized on him, and that with such a tenacious grip that it had hold him down in his workhouse bed from the first setting in of' winter until a day or two before Christmas Day. He was not justified in leaving his bed then, if it Carne to that, but it had come, to the tinker's knowledge that if by any possibility he could manage to get his clothes on and be found seated at the fireplace with the other convalescents when the doctor came round he would stand a fair chance of being placed on the " beer and baccy list." He made the endeavour, and by dint of enduring a mild martyrdom \- succeeded in his- objective was disappointed, however. r His hopes of spending a jolly afternoon were not realised. Besides was that, primed by his past and his pipe, the members of the company would e eli do. his best to promote conviviality, and as he rather prided himself on being able to sing a good song, he made free to open the concert with such a roaring save that, for the sake of the bedridden patients, the ward attendant of no hurry in, and, to the tinker's disgust, peremptorily ''shut him up." "Then what," inquired the mender of pots and kettles, may we do "i" If we mayn't sing, p'raps We may tell stories 1 '. As many as you like of 'em," said the attendant. " Then all present being agreed " responded the accommodating tinker, " Till have a slap at that." After a few minutes causing to get the threads of his yarn together, he continued : " It's about an adventure me and my partner had one Christmas time. " We used to all each other ' pardner,' not on account of our being in the same way of business, are going agreed on halves in any way, but because of our keeping together on the road by day, and, in general, lodging at the same house at night. How we picked up with each other don't matter. I'm a travelling tinker by trade, by which I don't mean a knife grinder with a barrel, but carrying my basket of tools on my back, and my fire in a brazier, all ready for a job when I fell across one. Kedger didn't have any trade ; leastways, if he had, it was such a long time since he worked at it he had forgot all about it. He was what you might call a cadger. Not mind by as," the tinker hastened to add, " that I looked down on him on that account. There was nothing to look down on him for. Often enough, when we set out in the morning we'd agree to meet again a few miles further on, and have a bit of dinner together if it would run to it, and likely as not held picked up in the time twice as much as I had pitching old saucepans, to say nothing of his bagful of wholesome written, which I was free always to peg in to. So there wasn't much looking down about it. But that Christmas I'm going to tell you about we was more hard up than ever I remember before. Everything went wrong somehow. Kedgor had been dropped on for begging, and had got three days for it, and not caring to part company with him, I waited about that humbugging little town all this time earning hardly enough to pay for my beer and my lodging I didn't earn enough to do it, for, when Kudgor came out, I was. stone broke, and had to pawn one of my two saw dering irons for nine pence to buy a pot of beer and some bacca before we started again. But, as I tell you, things still went that crooked, that come the day before Christmas Day a couple of shillings WItH every man we had between us, and it looked very much as though we should be obliged to put up at Scraggs' He Rosewell, the workers, if you like it better to get over Christmas Day. And a pretty sort of place that is at such a time, since the new law has been in force, cutting off the regular Christmas feed from the casual ward. We were about three miles t'other side of Colchester at the time, and we went into a little roadside ale house to spend tuppence in a pint, and have a warm at the tap-room fire while we talked matters over. " There was a separate entrance to the taproom from the street, but it was that close to the bar it was easy enough to hear what people in conversation there were talking about, and, as it happened, there were two talking there then. It was me who went to the bar for the beer, and I saw who they were the old landlord and a hobbled hoy sort of young chap, respectable looking, and seeming like a indoor servant. That's what he was. Sitting in the dumps and quiet, Hedger and me presently heard him say, in answer to summer the old land lord said, charging like, ' Afraid ! not me. I'd like you to BROW me the robber I wouldn't tackle single-handed, or the house- breaker either. It's the women-folk I'm thinking about. You know what women are', Mr Stubbs, turning pale and shaking, in their shoes if they so much as hear a' door arc k of the wind howling in the chimney. And" blest if they 'want all alike for that at our place - the cook and the housemaid and the pirlourmaid-all*" thewholukitoi'em.Iiomemberwellenough how it was last Christmas, when the family went all up to London, same as they have this year, and left us. That's like the beastly selfishness of masters and miss arises,' says the chap. But you are left with plenty of good things in the house. says the landlord. ' Heaps of everything," says the young chap; but what's the use of that if a- fellow that nobody to keep him of employ but women servants, who, soon as it's dark, talk about nothing but thieves breaking accept it's ghosts. 'Tainton says, as though our place was near the high road. It's precious lonely, there's no mistake about that.' ' It won't do for you to try the same dodge as you did last year,' says the landlord, laughing, and got a man from the police station to come to the house on special duty.' ' That was a lark, wasn't it V Says the young chap, laughing to ft made me look such a pre- ' cious coward, that was the worst of it, when ! that; young wretch of a knife boy got the , sack and split on us. Of course, you know, it was the women who put me up a to it You go to the national cause, says ! they, and tell them that there's been two suspicious-looking characters hanging about the place since the morning, and ask if they'll tend a man at once to look after them. And they did, and we kept' , him there all night, and had a jolly time of it. But, as you say, Mr. Stubbs, it wouldn't do to try it on at the police Station again. They fell to talking about something else after that, and then Rodger, who had been listening came as I had, he got up early and had a look at the young chap through a chink in the der He was one of the quickest nt maki' g the most of a chance that ever I met with Bill, says he do you think anybody saw us come in together V I'm sure they didn't, says 1. ' Very well, then, says he, is off. You stay a few minutes longer, and make yourself BOOK at the bar by that young oh up and the landlord. ' Have a civil say to them, BOX he. about being respectable mechanic and being 'obliged to look for a job on the road because of trade being so bad in London. You needn't do any more for the present, but most me at the milestone we last passed on the road bore in mi hour's time.' I wanted of course to know what game Kedgor was going to be up to, but there was no time to ask him, he was off that quick. But I did my part. I waited a little while longer in the tap-room, and' then took the beer jug back to the bar, where the young chap still was, though the was just going, and I asked him how far it was to Colchester, and hid the sort of way that Kedgor, advised, and the (young chap he said it was. hard lines for, a respectable man like I was to be' tramping about for work, and gave me a pipe or bacon out of his pouch. ? Well, I went off',' and a hour afterwards worked my way round to the milestone where I was to meet Rodger, and there he wi 8. ' It was getting late in the afternoon, and 'daVkisli, by this time. ' Bill,' he says, laughing, ' I've made it all right for to-morrow, ' How- did you mean all right V says I. Well,' he says, it's all right for you, anyhow, It will be your own fault if you don't have a jolly good supper to-night free gratis for nothing and a bed, and nothing to do to-morrow but stuff yourself with good cattle and drink,' and come away, very likely, a Boxing morning with a dollar in your pocket.' Only that I know that Kedgor hadn't a. rag in his pocket I could have made nothing else out of such wild talk but that he had been drinking, But he soon proved to me how sober he was. He ought to have been a lawyer, dashed if he oughtn't, he was t that bold and knowing What d'ye think had been up ) 1 He'd got the clue to how the wind was blowing from that young chap at the ale- house, and took his measure as being a coward', and he lay in wait for him in the dark' and in a part of the lane where there were cross roads, and he could take himself off having had his say. He waUa boys do the young chap and gets into conversation with him, and presently he asks him if hold like to put £5 in his pocket. Course the young chap he wanted to know how, and then Kedgor ups and tells him that he's one of a gang of those whose pen fasHion it is to crack cribs in the night time, and that the game they are on at present £3 to crack that particular scrub where he. the young chap, is livery Bery and. ' We know all about it,' buys Kodgur. ' Thoro'syouand j a cock and a hen could and a parlour maid, and that's all there are in the house, the family having gone up to London to spend Christmas And all we want you to do is to take care that the front door is left unbolted to-night and I to-morrow night, for We have not quite made up our minds when we shall b oak j in, and you won't hear anything more about it; but next morning you'll find five sovereigns for yourself under the doormat.' What happened, Kedgor said, was just what he had reckoned on. Soon as ever they got to the bond of the road that, had to the house where he live the young fellow took to his heels, and run like a hare, while ICodgor he walks up' sharp in another direction. So now all you've got to do, says my partner, is to you some irreverent and permission like to the house, the way to, which I will show you, and ask if they can give you a job at mending anything. By, which time the , young chap will favoured his story to the women, who will be in a mortal fright, and I you'll hear all about it, and being the hon est in church you've already made yourself out to be on the road, and not particular engaged, you will only have to pay your cards a hit artful, and you'll get the offer to stop all night there.' But suppose,' I toys, that the young chap goes to the police 'Too young chap, ' SAJ'S Kedger, ' Went to the police last year, and made a fool of Vm will just the same kind of yarn, so if he does go to 'em they'll stay, '' What a liar you are." laid there'll be but end to that. you've got ono-iind-toiipeiioo,' he says " I'll take that, and make the test of it to-morrow. It Don't you in Colchester town Boxing morning and we must trust to luck as to whatever can bring with you to have a booze with " Well, we had some more talk about it, and I felt in with the p an. there was no risk in it, don't you see. If it couldn't be carried out we should the any poorer, and it it could we should be all the richer. It was a high bid for a booze on Boxing Day, that was all. But it 0 wouldn't have come off better at starting, 1 mean-if Bedser had been able to see into the future, and knowed a 1 about it. I went with my tool basket and my brazier to the house, and I dined at the kitchen bell-it was quite dark, by that time and after asking " Who's there' the door w s unbolted, and the young chap himself with the other servants behind him, opened it I thought I kissed your voice again,' says he, just like as though I was an old friend. ' Come in I think we can find you a job. Can't we, cook ? This is a honest man, cook, he says ; ' I've seen him before ; he's quite a 'spec - able tradesman when he's home up in London, only times are bad with him and he's jobbing about the country.' 1 You are quite night there, air, says I and now I remember where I have seen you before, though, as I needn't say, I had no idea of finding you here when I took the liberty of calling. Oh! it isn't a liberty,' of the choir, whose face was as white as her apron 'It'sagord send, that's what I call it,' says the housemaid, bustle' out crying. ' Any- body honest should be welcome, I think, when we are threatened to be all murdered in our beds.' to of course It looked inquiring' like and curious, and then the young fellow says, ' You didn't happen to see any ruffianly si n of chaps hanging about as you came along V fro I considered the matter for a moment, and said, J ' Not particularly answering that description, I didn't meet with anybody. I passed three men t'other end of the lane walking together, but I couldn't answer for 'em being ruffians. They was talking' and laughing, something about meeting somebody and securing him, as far ha I could hear in passing.' ' Then ill at was, the three, depend on it,' says the young chap, going the colour of chalk. 'They're housebreakers,' he says, and "they're a-going to break in here.' So I laughedatth.it. ' There's a very easy way of preventing' them,' says ' If you've got my as present on such a thing, why don t you go to the police state in and telling all about it?' ''that what weary,' sea all the women in a chorus, ' but William won't do it What's the good,' sez William they're such a mis- i believing lot ! they'd only laugh at PI 5. as speedily as I've gotuoproi.f.' M s.s., 1 what, air ?' I says, and then he told me all about meeting with the villain who had tried to tempt him to assist them to rob the monastery bribe of five pounds. Curse, it didn't do for me to take it too serious. I laughed at it, and said Idea' most likely it was only a joke on the part of a ' strange in a, wherry likely had been drinking But they wouldn't take that view of it. blow could a perfect stranger passing that way be acquainted with so much so pectin the premises they meant to break into as this on H had eli mu him I self to be of Unit su he was one of that gang of three he had made mention of, and had made inquiries h w could be a hero known Whittlesea wire three fortunes , set van's in the house, and that the family I had gone up to London t > spend Chrui alias? 1 hut was what they wanted to know, and course I couldn't tell them 'wasn't likely. So I says, ' Well, rate, it looks a usa than I thought at best if you don't like to go to the station-house, ain't there-a able bodied labouring chap hanging about here, who for a matter of a river ,, -- few shillings would come and keep on the ( premises all night? If he only had a weapon something like this, I says, taking my heavy Bordering iron out of the basket, ' they wouldn't want a second crack afore they made a start off, I'll wager.' Thou they looked at one another. I suppose, sees the cook, that you are in a hurry to got on, Mr '1 tinker V ' 1 and that mum, I says. ' I've got to go a matter, of five miles before I reach the place where I shall lodge to-night.' ' I thought, p'raps,' BOX she, that bring on your travels, it wouldn't matter where you lodged,') 'More it does, mum,' says 1, and I shouldn't go so far for lodgings to-night only for the sake of the cheapness of 'em.' ' Well, you are quite welcome to stay 'here,' she Bay s, jumping at the hint; you could sleep in the couch man's room over the table, and we would do all we could to make you comfortable, and: give you something to make it a worth your while besides." For there I was landed. I They didn't say anything more about any tinkering job, but set me down' to a jolly good tuck-in < of bread, and meat, with a jury of strong ale, and there I-sat along of 'em, smoking my pipe, and enjoying myself with as much to drink as over r could carry upstairs to bed. "" 'And next morning, a good wash and' a fine n into ironed shirt, found for me by the cook- one of the master's propose it was on my remarking that I couldn't stay any longer for want of ODO, it being Christmas day. , And all day long the best of wattles and drink, with cake and wine and spirits, and in the evening sitting round the fire with all of us ' singing in our turn, and then a turn in the coachman's bed again when it was all over, and "a sparking breakfast next morning and three half-crowns-{¡ile from each of the wombat and a fair load up of cold grub, as much as my basket would hold and a fire badly good- bye all round, and away I comes and trots, happy and gay, to Colchester, where I soon fell in with my partner, who was sharpen the look-out, not having had any breakfast yet, not a garden left out of his one-aud-tunpenco.fo, buy him a portion of 'bacca. So he made haste and bowed himself out with the pick of the basket, and then we went in study for the booze we'd promised our i telves." ' ' 