VICTORIAN MEMS. Mr. T. Bent has been chosen as leader of the Opposition. The population of Ballarat has decreased during tbe past year by 758 souls. The present population is estimated at 20,800. The Government intend to proceed with the immediate expenditure of the vote for railway workshops in the country districts. Probate has been granted in tbe will of the late Francis Robertson, M.L.C., of Essendon. , The estate is sworn at under £79,000. •The Attorney- General stated on Friday that coroners' juries are in fature to be paid for attendance upon cases of exceptional length. The mac whose body was found in the Melbourne City Baths turns out to be a late inmate of the Benevolent Asylum named Robert Maybury. Dr. Moorhoase compares the prevalence of Socialism in England to . tbe condition of ; things in Victoria. Does he know the Vies, have started an Anarchist Association ? Mr. John Gardiner, tbe representative of Carlton, has been selected as the Liberal whip in the Assembly. Mr. Hall, M.P. for Moira, was the other candidate for the position. The old man, Samuel Downie, who was brutally assaulted by Daniel Creed, landlord of tbe Great Britain Hotel, Melbourne, died. Creed has been remanded on a charge of murder. It has been suggested that a joint committee of both Houses of Parliament should be appointed to set at rest the long-vexed questiou as to the right or otherwise of the Council to deal with mouey bills. Mr. Jas. W. Reid, for 15 years an officer of the Ballarat branch of the Bank of Victoria, the last five as accountant, has been appointed secretary for Victoria of the Mutual Life Association of Australasia. The Rev. J. B. Robertson, of Yarrawonga, and Mr. D. Fletcher, of Beechworth, have been appointed to represent the Beechworth Presbytery at the Federal Assembly to be held in Sydney, in July next. The dead body of a farmer named James Turpie was found on tbe road from Inglewood to Salisbury on Friday. It is supposed that in the dark his cart came in contact with a wire fence, aod that deceased's neck was broken in the falL The first engine of the new lead discovered at Chiltern was set to work on Saturday in the presence of a large concourse of spectators from Chiltern and Rutherglen. It is called the Great Northern. Tbe prospects from it were 7oz. to 8oz. to the set. John Hooten, a gatekeeper, aged 46, was knocked down by a train at Albert-park station, Melbourne, on Saturday night, and killed instantly. His skull was fractured, his rigbt leg cut off, the fingers of bis left band detached, and his arms broken. Mrs. Honora Deering, of Bungaree, has served a notice on the Bungaree Shire Council of an action to obtain £500 compensation for tbe death of her husband, who was killed on the Fellmonger's-road on tbe 20th February by the upsetting of bis dray. Mr. James Wilson, formerly owner of St. Albans, was entertained at a banquet in Geelong last week, on the eve of his departure for Europe. The Mayor ol Geelong presided, and there was a large gathering of sporting men from Melbourne and elsewhere. In answer to questions in tbe Assembly on 3rd inet., tbe Premier stated that the Government had no intention at present of bringing in a Bill to amend the Public Service Act. The Railway Commissioners have arranged to extend the suburban radius on the 1st July. A return of last year's business in tbe Post Office Savings Bank has been presented to Parliament. It shows—deposits, £902,184 ; repayments, £832,979 ; interest allowed, £44,093 ; balance from previous year, £1,149,493; last year, £1,261,728; expenditure, £7700. A man named John Graham, aged 67 years, who resided at Kanyapella, was on Siturday evening found on tbe Goulburn-road, two miles from Echuca, in a speechless condition, he having been thrown out of bis cart whilst driving home. H^ was taken to tbe hospital, where be died on Sunday from injuries he had received. Mr. Gillies bas found that a certain handbook upon Australia as a home for immigrants, issued by the Colonial Office, contains more complete information on the other colonies than it does in regard to Victoria. He has taken steps to repair this omission, and to ensure Victoria being adequately dealt with in future editions. There is a uumber of young trees in the nureery at Longerenong which the Council of Agricultural Education is willing to distribute amongst local public bodieB for planting in reserves. Any of the local bodies desirous of availing themselves of this liberal offer should make application to the Secretary for Agriculture, Melbourne. The defence expenditure which was entered into by the Government owing to the late war scare is being curtailed. The defence force is being reduced to a peace footing. Accordingly, during last week about 1000 of the militia were permitted to leave tbe forces on the termination of the 12 months ior which they bad enlisted. The Premier, in replying to a question in tbe Assembly, said that up to the present no reply had been received from the county court judges to the request recently made by the Decentralisation League that they should reside in their respective districts,-but he would again call the attention of tbe Minister of Justice to the matter. Mr. H. O. Forbes, the New Guinea explorer, has telegraphed to Baron von Mueller that it he is to continue the work of exploration on behalf of tbe Geographical Society he must have £2000 placed at bis disposal. The Government have already had tbe subject under consideration, and it is not probable they will make any.grant. The Postmaster-General has been in correspondence with the Queensland Government with the object of inducing it to relax its postal regulations relative to tbe transmission of newspapers, periodicals, and packages, so as to assimilate them to those of Victoria and New South Wales. The Queensland Government declined to alter its charges. Robert E. Uncles, of Oakvale, near Ballarat, had a narrow escape from being killed by an infuriated Berkshire boar on Sunday. Uncles went to prevent the boar killing a valuable pig, when the savage animal turned on its master, and ripped bim about the thigh of tbe right leg severely. Medical aid was obtained immediately, and the ugly wounds were stitched up. At the final meeting of the Australian Frozen Meat Company, the liquidator, Mr. J. Hotaiin, reported that the assets bad been realised, and amounted to £12,684. Tbe total liabilities to be met amounted to £12,325, leaving a balance of £350 for distribution amongst the shareholders, at the rate of 8s.4d. per £100 share, paid up. The report was adopted. An illustration of tbe progress which is being made by the Melbourne Public Library may be found in the fact that during tbe past year 2351 volumes of books, 13,065 pamphlets and parts, 197 maps, and 25,007 newspapers were added to tbe institution, and that at tbe end of the year tbe library contained no less than 105,462 volumes of books, and 69,368 pamphlets and parts. A weatherboard house at Wooragee, for many years in the occupation of Mr. C. Haeffner, was at an early hour on Friday morning destroyed by fire. Tbe property was lately purchased by Messrs. Mitchell Bros., but was not occupied. The bouse, which was insured in the Northern Company's office for £100, was completely destroyed. The origin of the fire is not known. There was a heartrending scene in the deadhouse at the Melbourne Hospital when the jury and witnesses were viewing the body of tbe murdered man, James Lane. His widow, Ellen Lane, and brother, Morris Lane, were both greatly affected on seeing tbe remains and the terrible wound in the left temple. The brother sobbed bitterly, and bent down and kissed the mouth of the deceased. The bracelet presented in London lately to Mrs. Murray Smith, wife of the ex- Ageut- General for Victoria, is valued at £100. It consists of three rows of fine diamonds set in silver on a three-wire band of bright gold. The centre is " daisy" pattern—one large stone in a claw, set round with smaller stones. The bracelet was purchased with the balance of the funds from the Murray Smith banquet. As usual at this stage of the year, the old vagrants in Melbourne, male and female, are endeavoring (in many cases successfully) to secure quarters for the winter months; hence tbe number of offences lately reported in the city and suburbs. Last week tbe prison van conveyed no less than 18 offenders to the railway station, en route to Geelong, where they will in seclusion pass their winter months. A ghastly relic wrapped up in an old newspaper was takeu iuto the inquest-room of the Melbourne Hospital at the inquest on the body of Line, by Constable Wilson, of Collingwood. It was tbe hat worn by tbe murderer's victim—a black soft felt hat, and on the left side of tbe front portion was an ugly bole, an inch long, evidently made by the tomahawk or other weapon which dealt bim bis deathblow. Dr. O. Masou, son of the Professor of English Literature at tbe Elinburgh Uuiversity, and who is himself a Master ol Arts, Doctor of Science, and a Fellow of the Chemical Society, was last week appointed to tbe vacant Chair of Chemistry in the Melbourne University. Dr. Laurie, who has been a lecturer in the University, was appointed to the Professorship of Mental and Moral Philosophy. The mining industry is showing improved prospects in various parts of the colony, and Mr. Grabam Webster, the mining surveyor for the Inglewood district, reports that the Tiffio auger at work on the Daly lead bas struck a good prospect at 174ft. Tbe outlook is so promising that leases under the Mining on Private Property Act for 398 acres have been applied for, and the racecourse bas also been pegged out. The Langlands Foundry Company, Melbourne, have just completed a massive machine for making and pressing bricks. It is a splendid piece of work, and worthy the inspection of those interested in the brickmaking industry. It is automatic in its action, and mixes the clay, moulds tbe bricks, and presses with an enormous pressure, to obviate drying, and is capable of turning out 200,000 bricks per day ready for the kiln. The Treasurer hopes to be able to deliver bis financial statement about the first week in July. The Under-Treasurer is now busily engaged collecting the departmental details which will form the framework of the budget speech. It will be tbe last financial statement in which Mr. E. S. Symonds will aBsist, and, judging by the state of the finances at the close of tbe last month, it iB likely to be one of the most encouraging. The Premier received a communication from the Acting Commissioner for New Guinea, asking that Victoria, in common with the other Australian Government?, would vote some pecuniary assistance in the exploration of New Guinea by Mr. Forbep. Mr. Gillies merely telegraphed to Mr. John Douglas, acknowlodging the despatch ; but it is not at all probable that the Victorian Government will favorably consider the application. The remains of the late Sir Peter Scratchlcy, Her Majesty's High Commissioner io New Guinea, which were buried iu the St. Kilda cemetery in December last, have been disinterred and shipped to England. This was done at the end of April last, as it was desired that tbe body of deceased should be buried in the family vault at Woolwich. The removal and shipment were effected with such great secrecy as to lead to talk about the matter. A combined effort is now being made by the agricultural societies throughout the colony to induce tbe Goverdment to largely augment the graut-in*aid voted to these societies. Although tbe vote was increased last year to £15,000, tbe payments to the individual societies had decreased owing to the increase in the number of the societies. It is alleged that many agricultural societies are unable to carry on with- out Government support. A conference is now discussing tbe question. Judgment WBB given in Melbourne a few days since on an application by Mr. Wolfe, manufacturer of Schiedam Schnapps, for an injunction to restrain D. G. E. Alsop, agent for D. H. Burke, of New York, from selling schnapps bearing a label alleged to be similar to Wolfe's brand. The Judge held that the plaintiff had no trade mark iu business, but as the defendant had used labels calculated to make people believe that his goods were Wolfe's he granted the injunction. We are informed that it is the intention of Miss Emily Melville, the accomplished actress and singer, to organise an opera company in Melbourne as soon a* a suitable theatre can be procured. The Bijou Theatre, which that lady prefer*, being at present engaged, somewhat defers tbe completion of he project. Meanwhile, in excellent health and condition of voice, she is turning her attention to new " Studiep," amongst which may be mentioned tbat of " MignoBj" to be produced when opportunity occurs. At the conference of naval and military authorities which was held at Governmenthouse about a year ago, it was suggested by Admiral Try on and the late Sir Peter Scratch - ley that a new fort should be erected at the head of tbe south channel, to support the land forts at Point Nepean, Queenscliff, and Point Franklin. Borings have been taken with a view to find suitable foundatiots, but it is understood tbat the Government have no present intention of proceeding with tbe construction of tbe fort. A Rutherglen correspondent states " The weathtr continues fearlully dry. We have bad a continuance of hard frosts for over a week, and there is at present no prospect whatever of a change. Ploughing is being slowly carried on, but it is very bard work, and although farmers are sowing there is very little prospect of any moisture to start the grain. Old residents ot the district say that such a season has uot been known here since 1850\. Scarcely 3in. of rain has fallen since the beginning of the year." " JS^les," in the Australasian, says :—" In one of the newspapers I observe that for breaches of gaol discipline at Pentridge two prisoners were lately sentenced to three months' additional incarceration. In both cases the men were under sentence for life. Now, bow is the extra confinement to be carried out ? Of course I will be told tbat a life sentence is not for life, or some shallow story of that kind. But there is tbe hard fact that the prisoners are to * do' three months extra after death." Tbe Minister of Customs is preparing a Shipping Bill, which bis Government intend to introduce into Parliament at an earlyperiod. Tbe principal reform will be tbe abolition of the Pilot Board and the Steam Navigation Board, and the formation of a Marine Board instead, which will have the general control of all matters connected . with the mercantile marine. The bill will also consolidate tbe whole of the Victorian shipping ^aw, and will embody the most important principles of recent Imperial legislation upon tbe subject. The remains of the late Mr. William Adams Brodribb, who died at Sydney on the 31st alt., were interred on Friday in tbe Church of England burying ground, Brighton, The ser- vices were conducted by the Rev. Samuel Taylor and the Rev. W. C. Pritchard. Tlie pall-bearers were Mr. R. H. Budd, Mr. T. T, A'Beckett, Dr. Casey, Mr. King, Mr. Moore, and Mr. Godfrey. The chief mourners were the deceased's son, Rev. W. A. Brodribb, Mr. E. K. Brodribb, brother of deceased ; Mr. Parves, eoiwu-law j and Messrs. Q. and ^ The regular visitors to the Melbourne Public Library are in ccatasiea to find that the new wing iB being fitted up with the necessary shelves for the accommodation of a number of books which at present, and for a long time past, have been hidden from public view for sheer want of room. Tables and other fittings are also being placed in position for the convenience of readers, and from inquiries tnade we learn that that it is expected the shelves will be filled with book to tbe extent of several thousand volumes about two months hence. Tbe shelves will hold fit least 50,000 volumes, A deputation consisting of representatives of the various woollen mills in the colony waited npon the Chief Secretary a few days since, and laid before hi in a proposal that, in lieu of the 15 per cent, ad valorem doty now charged on imported woollen goods, there should be a duty imposed of Is. 6d. per lb. all round. It was represented that owing to the low class of goods imported at present, the doty is not sufficient to enable the local manufacturer to complete against them with a colonial article of a better quality. Mr. Deakin promised that the Cabinet would consider the question immediately. A very painful sensation was created Ararat on Saturday morning when it became known that Mr. E. G. Miller, the manager of the Bank of New South Wales, aud who is extremely well-connected and respected, had shot bimBelf. Tbe unfortunate gentleman has been suffering very greatly from depression of spirits, and he appears to have been harassed by business cares. Tbe wound, though of a serious nature, is not considered likely to prove fatal, but Mr. Millar is lying ia a dangerous state. Every thine at the bank is correct, as the books and accounts were examined by the inspectors last week. The Postal Department has been considering the propriety of carrying the English mails overland from Adelaide on tbe arrival of the steamers at Gleoelg, and has communicated with the Governments of the other colonies on the subject. It has come to the cocclusion, however, that tbe expense will not be commensurate with the advantage gained. At present the Victorian and South Australian time-tables are so at variance that time would be lost in the conveyance of mails overland, and the Railway Commissioners decline to make any alteration in tbe service which would enable their more prompt delivery until the nils are laid to tbe border. A very timely and commendable regulation has been made within the past few days by the Railway Commissioners. It appears that a large number of passenger trains, especially eouotry ones, have not yet been fitted with any of the continuous or patent brakes, bat are still being worked under tbe old system, the handbrake only being used. The Commissioners, recognising the danger of allowing large trains to ran with only one brake to assist the driver in case of an emergency along the journey, bare given instructions to every stationmaster that when any passenger train exceeds 12 carriages, an additional guard, who is provided with a brake-ran, mast accompany all 6uch trains. The proposal of the directors of the Australian Mntual Provident Society to extend the operations of the society to Great Britain was considered at a meeting of Melbourne shareholders, held in the Athenaum-hall, lost week. There were about 150 Victorian members of the society present, and after a somewhat lively discussioo, in the course of which the proposal was vigorously supported by Mr. E. S. Parkes, of the Bank of Australasia, and by Mr. J. Munro, M.L.A-, tbe meeting decided by a majority of ISO to S to pass a resolution disapproving of the proposal. This resolution, which was maved by Professor ELkington, and seconded by Mr. H» R. Reid, it was decided to transmit to the bead office in Sydney. The council of the Australian Winegrowers' Association passed the following resolutions: —"That the recommendation of the royal commission on phylloxera in the Geelong district, allowing owners to replant vines in that district, is dangerous to the whole wine industry." "That immediate action ought to be takea to impress upon the government the necessity of opposing such measures." " That the Premier bis requested to communicate with the Government of New South Wales re phyllsxera in the Camden district, desiring the said Government to pass an Act preventing the spread of the disease to other areas, especially on the banks of the Murray, by isolating the district aud putting a stop to the transfer of vines, grapes, &c.;, from that district." The " Old Man Out" in tbe Benalia Ensign writes;—" I do not believe in ghost etoiies, although we have one circulating at present in Wangaratta. I understand a family is shifting from a building situated in Templeton-street, Wangaratta, because it is said it is haunted. The building was erected for an hotel, but has never been used for that purpose. Thefe are some cellars to it. The persons leaving the premises aver that in the morning somewhere about 3 o'clock they hear Strange noises, something like the working of machinery. It is alao stated that such a vibration is caused that the bed the tenants in the house slept upon actually shook. Possibly, if the vaults were examined, the cause of this alarm might be discovered.*' James Macaw, lately clerk in the Ballarat Post-office Savings Bank, was presented at the Billarat General Sessions on Friday on charges of embezzling ^150, £100, and £90, the properly of the Postmaster-General, aud pleaded guilty. Tbe local postmaster and'the Rev. Mr. Inglis testified as to the prisoner's character; and a letter from his wife to the judge asking the clemency of the court because of her helpless position, she being in delicate health and having two young children to support, was read in courU His Honor Judge Cope sentenced Macaw to 12 months' imprisonment with hard labor. At the same court J. E. White, lately clerk in the Railway Department, pleaded guilty to obtaining money under false pretences, and was sentenced to six months' imprisonment. Persons who send the ordinary penny postcard from Victoria to any of the other colonies without affixing extra postage, entail some expense on tbe addressee. The penny postalcard is only good within the colony, and when sent to either New South Wales, South Australia, Queensland, West Australia, Tasmania, or New Zealand, an additional penny stamp should be affixed. If this is not done, the addressee will be called upon to pay one penny postage due to Victoria, and twopence to tbe colony in which he resides. But to prevent any misunderstanding in future, the Postal Department has decided to issue postalcards bearing the following information :—• " On affixing an additional onepenny stamp to this card, it may pass through to any of the colonies " (above-named). The Public Service Board is proceeding to act upon the notifications of retirement on superannuation allowance, issued to Civil servants over 60 years of age, in the Lands and Survey and Public Works Departments. Dnring a debate upon this subject in the Legisla* tive Assembly, the Attorney-Geaeral stated that the Public Service Act does not require officers to retire at 60 yeare of age. Mr Gillies said that the Public Service Board bad no diction in these mattera. Tbe officers to whose cases attention had been drawn were ppointed under the old Act, and therefore tbe cases must come before the Governor-ic-Council. The board could only recommend in the cases of officers appointed under tbe new Act; State School teachers, not being under the old Act, ate subject to reports by the board. The Californian thistle, it appears, is growing in various parts of Victoria. It seems, according to some official reports sent in to the Government, that it sends down its roots into the earth to a depth of 12ft., thus defying droughts. At this subterranean security, it develops buds, which produce a very network of interlacing branches, and these shoot up into the air in the form of a forest of plants, which choke up all other vegetation. Naturally, therefore, it is asked, What is to be done with such a malignant wealth of aggressive plant growth 1 And the answer is chloride of lime, or, as they otherwise put it, chlorinated lime; or, as they have it in the newer scientific nomenclature, calcium chloride with chlorine. This chemical agent, it appears, is equal to the annihilation of the Californian thistle. In April, 1674, two lads, named Thomas and John Burns, met with a fearful accident. They had their arms so badly crushed in a bark mill at Portland that they each lost both arms. Public sympathy was aroused for them, and showed itself in a practical manner, by raising the sum of £3,200, which was vested in trustees and invested in Government debentures. The lads were allowed a certain sum tor their support, which did not altogether exhaust tbe income, so that the amount is now £3,700. As they have now both come of age, they desire to obtain the whole of the sum, and applied (by Mr. Lewis) to Mr. Justice Webb for an order for payment. He, however, adjourned it (saying he was not at all sure that it would not be the best plan to keep it invested) in order that he might , have the opinion of the trustees of the fund. Mr. Walter Madden, M.L.A., has been to me troable to arrive at an approximation of the value of the water supply of Victoria, in view of the fact that the Irrigation Bill is to be important measure of the current session. He has obtained from Mr. Stuart Murray a statement showing that the rainfall in the northern watershed, omitting all places where lees than 15in. per annum are registered is 1,726,312,000,000 cubic feet, and in the southern watershed 2,608,187,000,000. It is estimated that 15 per cent, of tbe whole of this fall runs to the sea, viz., 258,947,000,000 cubic feet from the northern and 391,228,000,000 from the southern. By reduction, therefore, it is ascertained that the main flow per second is 20,561 cubic feet, and as the value of a cubic foot of water per second is estimated at £8000, Mr. Madden has found that water to the capital value of £164,488,000 is permitted to run to the sea. Interest at 5 per cent, on the sum amounts to £8,224,400 per annum. In the pamphlet recently issued by the Sandhurst School of Mines tor distribution at the Indian and Colonial Exhibition, there are some statements whichcannot be substantiated. For instance, it is stated that the value of the antimony, tin, copper, etc, annually exported from Victoria is considerable, whereas the Customs returns and the mineral statistics oi the Mining Department show that the annual export ol these metals is very limited indeed, beiug, iu fact, nil ID the case of copper and antimony. Blame is also given when the colony shonld deserve praise, and it is stated that diamond drills of 3 inch diameter should be employed to develop and discover quartz reefs, but as a matter of fact, from the very commencement, drills from If to C inches in diameter have been in use. It is also well known that the drills in use in the colony are much superior and more efficient than those ol America referred to in the pamphlet Another old colonist has passed from amongst UB. We refer to the late Mr. Gordon Augustus Thomsoo, of West Melbourne, who died on Monday at his residence. The deceased gentleman was one of the earliest of arrivals here. He was the son of a large landed proprietor and banker in Castleton, near Belfast. He was in China in 1835, and in that year he went to Sydney, and thence to Tasmania. 1836 be came over to Port Phillip, and lived with Fawkner and other early settlers, in the primitive style then adopted. In the course of his travels in many lands- North and South America, Palestine, and other places—Mr. Thompson collected many curios, and it was his delight to exhibit them publicly and lecture about them. This he did in several Victorian centres, to the great interest and entertainment of his audiences. He was warm-hearted and generous to a degree, and has died leaving many friends behind him. Sir Norman M. A. Campbell has led to the altar Mrs. Cotterell, widow of tbe late Mrs. George Cotterell (nee Isabella Carandini). There was not much stir about the marriage (writes tbe London correspondent of the Age), only a few friends of the parties being in tbe church, and next day numerous readers of the morning paper were surprised to find that the charming vocalist was no longer plain Mrs. Cotterell, bnt Lady Campbell. Mr. Levin, an old friend of the bride, gave her away, and tbe wedding breakfast was held at that gentleman's private residence. The bridegroom has not only a title, but plenty of cash and property besides; he is also endowed with a good supply of Caledonian common sense in money matters, and it is not likely that he will make the roubles dance with any undue or profligate liberality. Mrs. Cotterell's relations and friends will be glad to know that after so many years of widowhood she has effected a matrimonial alliance with what our Yankee cousins would term " a solid man." Reference was made recently to tbe dissatisfaction which existed amongst a number of rifle clubs in the colony at the charge made forsupplying ammunition. The clubs contend that the Government have been guilty of a breach of confidence in altering the price charged for 100 ronnds of ammunition, which was formerly 5s., aud is now 9s., after tbe second hundred and succeeding ronnds. In the Assembly on 4th inst Mr. Hall asked tbe Premier if it was decided to reduce the price to 5e., as formerly. Mr. Gillies read a memorandum he had received from the Minister of Defence, to the effect that there was a great waste of ammunition by rifle: cluba, and it was absolutely impossible to keep up the supply. Communications which had passed between the Government and the Agent-General indicated that the contractors at home were unable to keep up the supply for the Imperial authorities. Inquiries were now being made to ascertain what would be considered a fair supply to issue to clubs at the reduced price. On Friday evening a very loud report was heard at Gordon, which turned out to be from an explosion at one of the cuttinga on the Ballan railway works, not far off the Gordon terminus. A shot was put in as usual for the purpose of blasting some very hard granite, and, through some unexplained cause, the shot went in a wrong direction, carrying parts of the rock and debris for 300 yards, and knocking down three men, namely, Archibald Collins, J. Carroll, aud T. Cooley. Collins's bead was greatly cut and bruised. He was picked up in an insensible condition. Carroll was cut in several places on the arm and body. Cooley also had a cut an inch long on the arm, and was otherwise injured. Medical aid was procured quickly, and the laen are progressing favorably. There were over 50 men in the cutting, and it is most singular that these three men were tbe farthest away from where the shot was fired. The wonder is that several men were not killed 01 wounded, as pieces of rock were flying about ia all directions amongst the men that escaped. A discovery which may in a great measure account for the introduction of various insect into the Australian colonies, was made Cweek by Mr. A. J. Campbell, Customshouse officer, while on duty in Mrs. Zanders' bonded store, King-street, Melbourne. A large consignment of American dried apples, for* warded to Messrs. C. Watt and Co. from Brisbane, had been placed in bond in the store, and Mr. Campbell, noticing a number of insects in the casing of one of the boxes, examined its contents and found them swarming with larvae. He reportedr his discovery to the Minister of Trade and Customs, who com' municated it to the Minister of Agriculture. The result was that the Central Board of Health were applied to, and under the provisions of the Health Act the apples were condemned as being unfit for human consumption. At the request of Mr. C. Watt, who alleged that three consignments were included in the goods stored in bond, a further examination was made of the apples by Professor M*Coy, who, while certifying that the insects were not the lame of the codlin moth, as at first presumed, did not define to what species they belonged. Messrs. Watt and Co. intend re- ship ping the fruit to Brisbane. The Bev. J. Boss, of Richmond, while speaking at the Methodist Convention which was held in the Fitzroy United Methodist Free Church, last week, told an amusing anecdote. He was speaking of the go-ahead propensities of Victorians as compared with New South Welshmen. Three gentlemen were walking about the streets of Sydney, wheu they all remarked what a slow-looking lot of people there were in that place. It appeared as if they had no " go " or life in them, and walked along quite leisurely, just as if they they had not a single thought of business. Presently one man .was observed hurrying along with bnsiness4tamped upon his countenance. He was walkingasif hemeantit.. One of the three gentlemen was so impressed with the sight that he stopped the man and said, "Here's half-a-crown for you. You are the first man I have seen walking fast, and who has a business look about him, to-day.'' Tbe man stopped, took the half-crown, and replied, "Thanks; I have not been here long. I only recently came from Melbourne." The audience appreciated the reverend gentleman's little story, and looked as if they would like to have given a " Hear, hear," but being iu church they restrained themselves. Owing to the singular action of the Sydney Chamber of Commerce, who Bome time ago preferred a number of charges againBt several of the Melbourne merchants, of having defrauded the Customs revenne by a series of false drawback declarations, the Customs Department finds itself unable to bring the alleged offenders to justice. Bumors of pending prosecutions against leading firms, some of whom have already figured in similar actions, have been rife during the last week or two, bat as the required evidence to ensure a successful prosecution is only to be obtained from the Sydney people, who state they are in possession of it, but will not co-operate with the Victorian Customs Department, the Crown law officers have advised the Minister that until the evidence is forthcoming nothing can be done. It is therefore probable that the whole affair will quietly collapse. The inquiry which wss held in consequence of the information given has resulted in the discovery ot serious irregularities, and steps have been taken to prevent their recurrence. Mr. Walker, the Minister of Trade and Customs, states that the object the Sydney Free-trade Association had in view iu exposing the frauds was to influence the Sydney Government iu bringing in their ad valorem system of duties, but now that the system hss passed into law, the Association will go no further. At a meeting of the Ballarat Mine Managers' Association on Saturday, Mr. Wm. Barton, the president, brought forward a scheme for assisting the mining industry. He proposed to ask the Government for a loan of half or a quarter of a million, to be expended on mining works. The colony is divided into seven districts, and a loan of half a million would give to each of 20 mines in each district £3571, and one of a quarter of a million would give £1785 to each district. He proposed to repay this by imposing a duty of 6d. an ounce on all gold raised in the colony. The average output of gold for the last 10 years has been 811,158oz., and 6cL per ounce would realise £20,279. This would repay the principal of the loan of half a million in 24 years, and of a quarter of a million it would pay the interest and leave £8000 every year to pay off the principal. This calculation allowed for every company assisted being unsuccessful. But he calculated that one-third would probably prove payable. Mr. Btrton referred to previous prospecting votes as thrown away, and proposed that a trust should be appointed, should the loan be raised, to look after the Government interests. He observed that the taxes gold and business licences raised during the first seven years of the goldfields amounted to nearly four per cent, on all the gold raised in the colony in that time, and he considered that mining was now entitled to assistance. After Messrs. Baker and Vale, ILL.A's., had spoken, the meeting adopted the quarter of a million loan proposal, and resolved to submit it to other branches of the association, and form a deputation to tbe Premier at an early date. 