FAITH r. MIND HEALING. TO THE EDITOH. Sir,—The article (n your paper of the 17th instant under the above heading, partly attacking you, and your defence caused me to look for the article to which the Rev. J. A. Dowie refers. Making such unkind expression about others alone seems almost to be evidence enough, showing how he himself thereby denies to be such a true Christian as he wants to be estimated to be. I cannot see what wrong you have done in explaining the inconsistency about Mind Healing, and most particular for the reason you attach to it; namely (if I understand right) that that sort of miracles practiced for physical purpose foremost, is rather a harm concerning the Scripture life of men and an abnse of Divine Scripture than a blessing to Christianity. If the Rev. Mr. Dowie is such a wonderful, successful, blessed servant of our Lord, how is it that he makes such great blow about its contrary to our Lord's will ? and running down others as wilful evil doers, and ignorant persons, when at the same time, making use of a passage of the Book of Revelation, he gives evidence how silly it is of himself not to consider whether he understands that passage or not. A learned man, as he professes to be, ought to consider that verse 5, Revelation xvii. in the Authorised Bible, may be a mistake, speaking about mother of harlots (whilst mother of all fornication would be the proper expression). Before using that for condemning Roman popery as the mother l of harlots, whilst everybody knows that at all times there were harlots enough before even such thing as Roman popery was known or thought of by man, and Christians very well understand that spiritual fornication is even the mother of physical fornication. And if the Rev. Mr. Dowie is so wise above others, why, besides making this mistake, could he not see that the woman and the beast upon which she is sitting, as illus trated in that chapter, are two different beings P There fore, if, as he puts it, Roman popery is the mother of harlots, who are her children, or is not the riding woman the mother of them P So in eager self ignorance, by condemning others he condemns himself more than anybody else can do it for him. Remember hereby our Lord saying, " Depart from me, all ye workers of iniquity, for I never knew you." Then compare it with verse 14 Revelation vi., and see what that verse means by saying, " The heaven departed like a scroll when it is rolled up; " or as another version of the Bible says, " a book wrapped up." Is that ignorance displayed here about the Scripture and the Gospel not what that book is wrapped in ? Consequently heaven far apart from UB ? But let us look into it, and take hold of it, and it will surely prove the effect of healing blind eyes first, and all other complaints in proportion as it pleases the Holy Ghost afterwards. THEO. POLA.CK, 