TURF GOSSIP. Br Auqub. During the present winter Victorian plea sure-seekers have been fortunate in having fine Saturdays to enjoy sport, and none more genial than the dav set armrt for the fieelonir Racing Club meeting. The railway arrange ments were again imperfect, especially on the homeward trip, when the carriages were crowded in a manner which did not reflect credit upon the railway authorities. I would advise one of the commissioners to visit the next Hawkesbury meeting, and see how they manage the flrst-class special trains that leave Sydney for the racecourse. Mr. J. D. Robin son had everythingin good order at the course, and I doubt if the track was ever in better condition. There was a Btrong counter attraction in the shape of a football match, but the local residents are not liberal sup porters of the race meetings of the G.R.C., so their funds were not affected; in fact, pecuniarily it was the most successful winter meeting the club has ever held, the metro politan division assembling in strong force, and filling the grand stand. After Amateur's running at Williamatown few were prepared to Bee him win the Hurdle Race, but the horse has improved marvellously, and as he had the nice weight of 9st 31b., be managed to get home in front of Braceman and Rnby. Ruby ran a good mare under the weight, but Grattan sadly disappointed bis friends. Mirth, in jumping the first hurdle, pulled Malone on to the pommel of the saddle, and injured him so severely that he could not do the horse justice. Amateur is a son of the Arab Sheik, though it is more than probable that most of bis excellence is transmitted fromhisdam, whoalso produced President and Handy Andy. Mr. Maitland well deserved a win with Stafford, for he had cost him a nice little sum since he came back from India, and though he won a fair stake, the horse still owes him over £500. That he was too light on previous occasions I've always maintained, and having been allowed to play since he last appeared in public, his owner reaped the benefit, though, after all, he didn't meet any first-raters at ueelong. Pocahontas shaped much better in the hands of her Btable boy than she did with Cracknell at Wyndham, and some day I hope to see her win a race for her owner, who is a good sportsman, and is fairly entitled to a slice of luck. Edith ran up to form, but The Deer and Anarchy disap pointed me greatly. The latter was backed for heaps of money by her party and the public, but though she got off well, she failed to gain even a situation. One of the best looking fillies I've seen for many a day is Lady Bell, and when her racing career is over she should prove an ornament to any stud. A pretty even lot was the verdict pro nounced upon the two year olds. To my mind the best-looking animal of the lot was Jebusite, a brown colt by Darriwell from Tyropean, and if looks and breeding go for anything this should be a Derby horse. Query, who was made such a strong favourite, is of the greyhound order, very fast, no donbt, but she didn't run so well as 1 ex pected, nor did Alexandria. Mr. Miller has a speedy filly in Trust, a daughter of Neckersgat, whose stock possess the gift of galloping; and I liked very well the Kingston pair of fillies. Mr. Whittiugham has a smart, compact little fellow in Prattler, who showed a bit of pace, but had no show at the finish with Sunshade. Dargin, a mealy-legged bay colt, has a rare turn of speed, but he evidently possesses a temper too, for, before reaching the turn, he made a bolt of it and ran off the course. That Newminster will get racehorses I've not a donbt. He was one himself, especially as a two year old, and, being a grandson of Stockwell, it iB only ac cording to all precedent that he should be a successful sire. His daughter, who ran as straight as a rifle shot, is like himselt, one of the long and low order, but, of course, she hasn't the power of the distinguished son of The Marquis, yet it would be difficult to I pick a fault m her. the reminds me Borne-1 thing of Acme, the Hon. James White's fly ing filly, who won the last Maribyrnong Plate, and I see no reason why Bhe should not be as good, tor she is quite as j^hionably bred. Sunshade was sold at Messrs. Chirn side's sale to Mr. George Glasscock for 40 guineas, and Mr. Halinbourg subsequently gave him five guineas for his bargain; she has, therefore, proved a very cheap purchase, for by this victory her owner won a good 6take. She was trained by H. Hoystead, who has now got a nice little string together at Wangaratta, where there is very fair going, and as the climate is quite as genial as it is in Sydney in the winter months, two year I olds will, undoubtedly, thrive there. Native had an easy task in the Steeplechase, for he | had nothing to make him gallop. What Michael might have done had he stood np is mere matter of opinion, but I doubt it he could hare stretched the neck of Mr. Martin's horse, sitnply because he is not yet seasoned enough. lie is a rare cutof a steeplechaser, with a great deal of the King Alfred character about him, and when thoroughly proficient in the art of jumping he may win a uig race. Little John surprised most of the knowing ones by the manner in which he won the Winter Handicap. Excepting the brothers Moran nearly everybody who saw him training at Caulfield believed be was too Bore to get near his horses, but though he was interfered with through the clerk of the coarse being where be had no business to be, he made up bis gronnd inch by inch, and the manner in which he finished when Cracknell pulled out his whip electrified those who bad imagined that Meteor could not possibly lose. The winner is a powerful, short-legged horse with great depth of rlb,%aomething of the Rich mond type, and looks like staying all day. He is a rare-bred one, and it is to be re gretted that his dam does not figure in the stud book, the omission, I presume, being the fault of the breeder. Little John is by an old favourite of mine, Hamlet, from Maid of the Mount, by Athos from a mare by Peeping Tom from Maid of the Mist, by The Premier from Fury, by Little John from Flurry, by Wanderer from a Peter Fin mare. Stout BtrainB are here, and if all goes well with this horse he'll be near winning the Mel bourne Cup, even ahonld he fail at Caulfield. His weight for the Caufield Cap is 7st, and for the Melbourne Cop 6at. 71b. With Crack nell on hia back he should be very dangerous in both. It is a pity that Buch a bungle was made of the start, which was an illegal one, as several horses were half a length in front of the post when the flag dropped, and the clerk of the course was where he had no business to be, amongst the competitors. Mr. O'Toole will do well to remember in future that his place is behind, not in front, of the horses. Kitawa was very badly in-1 terfered with by him, and never Beemed to get fairly on bis legs. Duration ran wellfo for the greater portion of the distance, but he died away to nothing at the finiab. The ancient CorfolahW never seemed able to go the pace, though big boy vas !' working his passage" from start to finish. Cestua displayed a tarn of speed, and both Leebia and Impulse ran forward. First Prince, too, once was prominent, but he fizzled out like the splutter of an exhausted farthing dip. Recall has grown and thickened since ne last appeared in public, but the horse that struck me most was Acolyte, who has benefited by his wintering in the salubrious climate of Wangaratta. Ariel did not figure to advantage in theSellingRace, though he looked as well as anything up to five furlongs, which seems to be the length of his tether. The result of the Trot was a terrible blow to the backers of Wildflower, though a bookmaker laid 100 to 1 on her when not far from the finish, and Mr. E. Weeks had the satisfaction of winning the wager. England they are indulging another fad. This time the controversy is over the best 10 horses of modern times. Of course opinions differ, and some of the disputants omit several of the most brilliant performers. Lord Suffolk, who, since he helped Mr. Craven to write a book, is regarded as a sort of infallible judge, selects half a score, and they are—Blair Athol, Achievement, Gladia teur, Springfield, Isonomy, Peter, Robert the Devil, St. Gatien, Barcaldine, Plaisanterie, and he chooses Springfield as absolutely the best horse. Fred Archer, probably a much better authority, used to say that St. Simon was the best horse he ever rode, and Admiral Rous has often declared Gladiateur to be the greatest thoroughbred of the present cen tury. Lord Suffolk doesn't include West Australian, the wonder of hiB year, and Fox hall, the American, whom William Day (another whose judgment would stand far higher than Lord Suffolk's) pronounces the greatest horse he ever saw, is left out in the cold altogether. Voltigeur, Flying Dutch man, Gaiopin, and Wild Dayrell are also ignored by the nobleman, who doesn't in clude Ormonde; and there are many old Eng lish and Irish sportsmen who declare that Harkaway ranked first among all horses. A writer in Baily selects Voltigeur, West Aus tralian, Thormanby, Gladiateur, Blair Athol, Lord Lyon, Lord Ciifden, Cremorne, St Gatien, and Ormonde. But as to which were the best 10 horses of modern times, it is all a matter of opinion, just as it would be in Australia if we were to raise the discussion as to which were the best half 6Core Australian horses. What a difference of opinion there would be respecting the best to be chosen from Cos sack, Archer, Flying Buck, Flying Jib, Tar ragon, Yattendon, The Barb, Fishhook, Glen coe, Fireworks, Hamlet, Goldsbrough, Rich mond, First King, Chester, Loup Garou, Robin Hood, Don Juan, Suwarrow, Grand Flaneur, Commotion, Darebin, Malua, Navi gator, and Martini Henry. Entries for the Elsternwick-park meeting close at Mr. T. Haydon's office, 100 Bourke street, at 4 p.m. on Monday next There are six events, the first being the Time Handicap Trot of lOOsovs., in which the competitors will have to trot three miles iu harness. This ought to prove a most interesting event A Ilurdle Race of 50 sovs., Sapling Stakes of 50 so vs., Selling Race of 50 sovs., Steeplechase of 100 sovs., and August Handicap of 75 sovs. complete the programme. There is one thing in connexion with it which deserves the attention of our turf rulers, and that is the shortness of the distances in the fiat races. Hitherto the last race of the day at Elstern wick-park has been upwards of a mile, and it has invariably been a most interesting race, but now it is reduced to four furlongs and a half, and the other two fiat races are three furlongs and five furlonga respectively. ' This custom is being adopted at other suburban meetings, where the races are merely improvised to suit the gambling pro pensities of the present age. The Moonee Valley programme is almost as bad, though I notice it does contain a mile race. It is the fault of the men who hold positions on the Victoria Racing Club committee that this should be the fact, for they are tolerating it, and the turf is degraded. H they will not take steps to prevent this prostitution of a favourite pastime then a higher power must be called upon to take action. Oar neighbours across the Murray have important entries to be attended to next week, for the Hawkesbury Race Club events close at 4 p.m. on Tuesday next, August 17. Victorians who intend to visit the course under the Kurrajong Mountains will have various items to choose from, as the races not yet closed include the Spring Handicap ot 150 sovs., Public Auction Stakes of 100 sovs., September Handicap of 100 sovs., Members' Handicap of 100 sovs., Two-year-old Stakes of 150 sovs., Disposal Stakes of 100 sovs., and Ladies' Bracelet. When the last mail left England C. Wood had again passed Fred Archer, and 6tood at the head of the list of winning jockeys with 68 wins to 64. Ballarat distinguished himself at the Ade laide" meeting last Saturday by carrying Ssfc 101b. and winning the Duke's Handicap, and then coming out with 9st. 91b. upon his back and annexing the August Handicap. Either this horse must have improved in a remark able manner, or those opposed to him must have been below mediocrity. Isonomy was one of his opponents in the first race, but he was, I believe, a bit " jolly," so his defeat could hardly have been a surprise, although he was first favourite. The race which had most interest for Victorians was theVulham park Plate, in which the juveniles of South Australia made their first appearance. John Hill, who is very fortunate with youngsters, and who, it will be remembered, trainee Newstead when he won the Maribyrnong Plate, was again successful, his filly The Telegram winning rather easily. This filly was bred by Mr. W. Biackler at Fnlham-park, and is by Richmond from Blue Lake, by Winterlake from Blue Bell, by General reel She is en faged in the Maribyrnong Plate, and so is erhaps, who was second. The latter is full sister to Guesswork, and though defeated she evidently possesses the gift of galloping. J. Beauchamp and T. Power, who were riding in the Steeplechase., received nasty falls, but both are, I am glad to say, progressing favour ably. The rumour that Mr. William Long had bought Isonomy is not credited in Adelaide, where the colt ran on Saturday last. After Meteor's defeat in the Winter Handi cap the horse was purchased by Mr. R. K. Maitland, and he will, in future, run in hiB colours. Mr. W. Moran was offered 500 guineas for Little John after he won at Geelong, but the price would not tempt his owner to part with the nnn of Hamlet. A backet of horses who figured prominently in a case against a well-known bookmaker, a short time ago, is atill anxiously inquired for by several members of the ring, but he does not respond. The sympathy is now .all on the side of the metallician. Punctual to time the weights made their appearance for the chief events of the V.AT.C. Grand National Meeting. In the Hurdle Race Duration has been awarded the premier position (with 12st. 41b., and Sheet Anchor is raised 41b. upon his V.K.C. weight I If both had been let off 4lb. lighter, perhaps it would have been nearer the mark. As it is, I deubt if either will face the starter. Ruby, too, has about 41b. more than she 1b entitled to, while Ocean has KHb. more than he carried to victory at Fleninstoq, bat ha won with so much in hand that it is difficult to say what would bring him and the others together; yet it must be borne in mind that he does not look like a weight-carrier. Huntsman has been raised lib., but as the distance is a mile less than the Flemington event, and several of the othere have been raised, he does not appear to have been harshly treated. Tantaliser has 41b. less, while Koolyte remains at the same weight, for what reason J cannot nnderstancL Yet Again at 10st is not leniently treated, while sir Launcelot has 81b. more, which is not a crushing impost Amateur, with 9st 131b., will find winning in such company muoh more difficult than appropriating a stake at Geelong with several pounds less upon his back. Distiller has only 31b. taken off bis back for being defeated in the V.R.C. Grand. National, but probably Mr. £arnard con siders the distance more to his liking. Of the others Louis and Black Diamond appear to me to be best in. Game has been raised 161b. for his victory at Flemington, and Native, whom he beat so easily, is put up in asimilar ratio. The owner of the latter has therefore strong grounds for grumbling; Lady Ashton has 31b. more, and as the dis tance is half a mile shorter it will suit her all the better. Studley is raised a couple of pounds, which will not affect him over a course which he is far more Part|8j to than the big timber of the V.K.C. Anything might win the Balaclava stakes, in which I can pick out five-and twenty horses with excellent prospects of BucceBS. The distance is seven mrlongs, and there are so many horses who can get the_ distance, that it is bound to provide an exciting contest. Gardenia was the first that struck me as being remarkably well in at 8st, or only 31b. more than she carried in the flat race she won at the V.R.C. meeting. Then Maroney at 7st 91b. doesn't look badly in, and The Ghost, St OdUIe, Meteor, Stafford, Quintin Matsep, Medea, Straight Shot, Pres et Vascosa, Mainsail, Kenneth, Kichworth, Honeybee, Midstream, Hogmanay, Protector, Pocahontas, and a host of others seem to have such a show that it ought to be a capital betting race. The smaller fry among the bookmakers have leased a building opposite Bowes's latter8all's, and have converted it into a club to be called Metropolitan Tattersall's. It is the intention of the members to keep it open at night, and this will probably have the effect ot clearing Bourke-street during race time of the very objectionable crowd which assembles in front of Her Majesty's Theatre. The following officebearers have been ap pointed :—President, Mr. F. Hilton ; vice president, Mr. G. Smith ; treasurer, Mr. T. Mosley; committee, Messrs. Grey, lioylette, Elliott, Cairns, and Davidson. Sydney Tattersall's will have a race meeting at Kaudwick on Saturday, August 28. There are five events, and some of them should attract Victorian entries. Monday next is the day for receiving them, and anybody de sirous of nominating can do 60 at the V. RC. office, Melbourne, or with the secretary, Mr. Jame3 Perry, at Tattersall's Club, Sydney. The programme is well worth the perusal of racing men. There are five events, the first on the list being a Hurdle Race of 150 so vs. Next to this is the Tramway Handicap of 200 sova., a six- furlongs race, which is bound to command a large entry, A Selling Race of 150 sova, seven furlongs, will also have claims for those who own moderatea To a stake for two year olds the club adds 200 sova., a nice prize to commence the season with ; and as it will in ail probability introduce several youngsters who will later on pay us a visit, the result of this race will be watched with some anxiety. The Spring Handicap of 250 so vs., one mile and a quarter, will wind up the day's sport. Minorah, formerly the property of Mr. J. Mayo, was the hero of the Charters Towers meeting. On the first day he carried 8st 51b., and won the Miners' Purse of 100 sovs., and on the second day he carried 8st 4ib., and won the Towers J.C. Handicap of 300 sova. Minorah is by Maribyrnong from Fawn, who must not be confounded with Mr. A, Town's mare, for she is the property of Mr. S. Clift, and is by Lord of the Hills from Liverpool Lady, by Camel from Lady Ann, by Gratis, i Mr. Cox seems determined to make his October meeting popular, for, in addition to the Moonee Valley Cup of 300 sovs., he haa now included in the programme the St. Albans Handicap of 100 sova, for two year olda The distance is four furlongs, and all who own youngsters not quite up to Maribyr nong Plate form should have a cut in for this. The entries close on the 6th of Septem ber, and intending nominators will observe that the lee is only a sovereiga Entries for the Moonee Valley Cup close on the nnm<» day, and Sydney entries will be received al the A J.C. office, but, as the S.A.J.C. is de funct, Mr. Cox will have to make other arrangements for the Adelaide entries. Pro bably Mr. S. Barnard would consent to re ceive them. An Australian in Paris has forwarded me a French race card, which quite throws the English pasteboard into the shade. It measures about 16in. by lOin., and was pro vided by the authorities at the Auteuil meet On the hack it contains the nrof?nos. tications of the sporting scribes, the opinions of no less than 20 papers being given. Not one of them struck the winner absolutely. of tbe chief race, though several went for Baron Finot, who owned three of the five engaged. The principal race was the Prix du Point Du jour, a steeplechase, to which the sum of 10,000 francs was added. It was won by Baron Finot's Bethnia. My correspondent seems to have been impressed with the tele graph-board, on which the names of the horses were white on a black ground, and the figures black on a yellow ground. Messrs. W. Inglis and Co. announce that they will hold their annual show and sale of thoroughbreds at their bazaar, Pitt -and Castlereagh streets, Sydney, on Monday and Tuesday, August 30 and 31. Mr. Harvey's filly by Dartiwell from Pro mise has been named "Hinemoa." Tbesevents of the Murrumbidgee Turf Club have filled well. There are many good performers in the Wagga Gold Cup, which has an entry of 43, including Sardius, Cerise and Blue, Moonsnee, Boolka, Rufus, Tama risk, and last year's winner, Minerva. There are 38 in the Grand Stand Handicap, 50 in the Town Plate, 28 in the Ladies' Bracelet, 17 in the Hurdle llace, and 15 in the Steeple chase. A stable boy named Henry Morrow, em ployed by Mr. D. Fountain, was killed a few days ago wmie riding a norse irom bisiern* wick racecourse. The poor little fellow had asked to be allowed to ride the horse, which broke away with him, and the lad falling off, sustained a fracture of the skull, which proved fatal. Vaaoo, by Vasco di Gama, has been put into work again, and he has been joined bj a useful-looking four year old by the saint site from a Panic mare. The Ballarat Hunt Club meeting haB beer fixed for Friday, October L This is a most inconvenient day, and it <is to be regretted (hat the Ballarat Hunt Club should have chosen the day before the Melbourne Hunt Club, Thursday, the 80th September, wOuhl have suited all parties, and I honeoarooahtrj friMidq wm sen their way to mass the tuterfr tion. The various events in the programme are sure to be well patronised. First coracs the Hurdle Itace of 100 sovs., to which Messrs. F. Cumming, II. It. Ailleeb, and H. Moffatt subscribe 25 sovs. each. The Brace let follows, and the lady who nominates the winner will receive a trophy value 50 sovs., the gift of Mrs. J. P. Macpherson, while the second will receive a bracelet value 25 sovs., presented by Mr. W. Maepherson. Mr. Martin Lougblin is always to the fore when ever sport in Ballarat needs a friend, and this year he gives 100 sovs., to be expended in the purchase of a trophy for the Ballarat Hunt Club Cup. The contest for its posses sion will be a handicap steeplechase for bona-fnh• hunters that have been hunted at least live times this season with any recog nised pack. A Selling Mace of 100 sovs., Bix furlongs, is fourth on the list, and last conies the Farmers' Plate of 25 sovs., pre sented by Mr. J. P. Maepherson. F.'ntries close with the hon. secretary, Mr. Mobert Moffatt, on the pith September. It only needs fine weather for the lover of racing to enjoy an afternoon's sport at Moonee Valley to-day. The bill of fare is a diversilied one, and as the fields will be up to the average, pleasure-seekers cannot do better than wend their way to the green fields ot the valley. The youngsters will measure strides in the first race, and with the Geelong running before one. it is only natural that I should select I'rattler to win. In the August Handicap Achmet, Yascosn, and Edith look as well as anything. The Corinthian Handicap may go to Rathurst, Pocahontas, or Hogmanay. Fickle and lloulette look best for the Steeplechase ; Ariel, Mabel Gray, and Cuba should till the places for the Selling Race ; and the Essendou Handicap may end in a close contest between Stonebrolce. Honeybee, and Esmond, Slanderer is one of the few sons of Traducer at tlie stud in Australia, and he is well worthy oi patronage from our breeders. Already several winners have testified to his excellence as a sire. This season he will stand at Bryan O'Lynn, his terms being 15 guineas. Pell Mell and Paris, two of Panic's sons, are also announced to stand at the same j stud at the moderate fee of six guineas. Messrs. O'Earrell and Son will hold a special sale of horses at Ballarat to- day, when they will dispose of a number of well-bred, upstanding horses, from three to live years old, particularly well suited for the Indian market. The following stakes won at the Geelong meeting were paid over on Tuesday:—Mr. -I. Murray. Hurdle Race, £'132 ; Mr. K. Iv. Mait land, Railway .Stakes, £78; Mr. A. Halin bourg, Two-year-old Stakes, £50; Mr. E. Martin, Steeplechase. £08: Mr. W. Moran, Winter Haudicap, £100 ; Mr. J. Cruickshank, Selling Race, £70; Mr. J. Thompson, Bruce, £34, making, with smaller amounts for second moneys, a total of £055. The Tofalisator Bill has gone into com mittee in the South Australian Assembly, and several amendments have been made. They are all of a character which will com mend themselves to tlmse who desire to sec the instrument used legitimately. Nobody wishes to see a number of mushroom clubs springing up mereiy for the purpose of making money out of the totalisator, and, therefore, it is gratifying to find that it has been provided it any racing club holds more than one meeting it must pay at least £150 in stakes. Another salutary condition is that any city racing club within 10 miles of Adelaide must consist of ZObon'tfule mem bers, while country clubs of 30 members are to be entitled to use the machine. The annual licence-fee was fixed at 5 guineas. It is stated that there will be a majority of two against the bill in the Legislative Council. It is to be hoped not Let the instrument be used under the restrictive conditions pro posed by Mr. W. B. Rounseveli, and those who are so much opposed to it will soon acknowledge that it is not the evil they at present seem to consider it. Darebin was shipped on board the Mararoa on Thursday, and left lor San Francisco, It is to be regretted that some Australian stud master had not the enterprise to purchase him and prevent his expatriation. His size, substance, breeding, and performances were snch as are required in a stud horse, and in these days, when so many weeds are raised, bis presence would have helped to uphold the character of the Australian racehorse. The Tasmanian .Turf Club is in* a good position financially. Mr. Curran has for warded me a copy of the report and balance sheet, from which I learn that there is a balance of P4G912s. 3d. to the credit of the club, and this being so, I hope we shall see some improvement in the value of the stakes. I notice tnat, although the club did not ailow a totalisator inside the enclosure at the summer meeting, £72 IGs. was cleared by the use of the instrument, while £85 Is. was re ceived as bookmakers' fees. The winter meeting resulted in a loss of £78 7s. 4(L, con sequently the January meeting must have been successful pecuniarily, and I hope a similar result will follow the next, though it has not yet been decided when it is to be held. If the members are wise, they will stick to January. There was a report in town yesterday that Trenton had pulled up a trifle sore after exercising at Randwick ; in fact, it was as serted that he had split.his foot. There iB never smoke without fire, and inasmuch as the ring men offered 1,000 to 20 against the New Zealander, the probability is there is something wrong. EcRATcureos,—V.A.T.C. Hurdle Pace—Duration. Steeplechase—Poor Lass. 