A LITTLE GHOST. BY HARRIET PRESCOTT SPOFFORD. [DETROIT FREE PRESS.] I suppose she was a little fool but she was such a pretty one! Large, limpid, wondering, blue eyes with lashes almost long enough to tangle, a skin with the rose-leaf's blush on it, a mouth as sweet and innocent as a baby's, and light, loose-flying hair, half-ringleted and clustering round her white forehead, all made her face look like one in some old marvel of an ivory miniature. And then there was a certain appeal to your tenderness in her very size, fairy creature as she was, you could as easily find fault with her seriously as with a sprite ; and it was useless to try and reason with her, as she could never by any possi- bility see anything but her side of the case. She had little other education than that given by her desultory read- ing, although she could paint and play and sing in a pretty fashion enough. She was an orphan, and had been brought up chiefly in a boarding school ; she had some property, suffi- cient for her needs and uses, under what guardianship, and Mr. Sanghurst saw in her to marry-this same little fluttering thing, neither woman nor child nor elf- was past our comprehen- sion. But he was going to marry her for all that ; and now they were only wait- ing for the arrival of her trousseau from Paris, as she entirely refused to be married with only a home-made paraphernalia. All we could do was to say we were thankful it was no one of us that was going to marry her, which as all of us, except the old Colonel, young James and the Profes- sor, were women, was ratber superoga tory on our part. Mr. Sanghurst, however, seemed to be completely Satisfied with the arrangement, for- tunately for both of them ; and she herself was the blythest, happiest, little flitter-flutter of a thing you ever saw-till Agnes Fairweather came. We were all staying with Madame Sanghurst mere, at her place by the sea, where she usually lingered till the close of the year, taking care to fill the house with cheerful people who did not mind autumnal gales. Madame Sanghurst had used to stay there in her husband's day, and she could not bear to deviate from the routine of those happy years of hers; and there were always a plenty of us who found it as pleasant as she did. Of coarse, Iselin-that was her pret- ty, little, absurd name-was always a ' member of the Sanghurst family ; and one never knew, till missing her, how much her novel ways, her gaieties and glooms, and laughing tones and tempers, and perpetual dancing and lilting up and down the house, with all her own trifling but intense interests and strange commotions about other people's interests, added to its pleasures. " Do you like that Miss Fair- weather?" she said to me, sitting one morning in the bay window of my room, the red woodbines and the blue October sky through their meshes making a strong background to her delicate beauty. "I don't see what Madame Sanghurst asked her here for. I never shall when I'm Mrs. Sanghurst. She's exactly what I particularly dislike for his companion. I always did hate those intellectual be- ings--sort of monsters. I don't think a woman ought to know anything !" "Why, yes. I like her well enough," I said, replying to the origi- nal proposition. " She is very mag nificent in her manners-" "Yes. She'd be a splendid head of a house, wouldn't she? I daresay every one thinks how much finer she'd be at the head of Sanghurst Manor here than this little fool. I'd like to slap her face for her! That's what I'd like to do!" "Iselin" "Oh, yes, you call it what you please, vulgar and low and all the rest. Perhaps I am vulgar and low and all the rest of it!" she cried. "But I don't go about stealing other women's lovers. And she's so su perior, so very superior ! There's nothing she hasn't read-the Hebrew Scriptures backward and the books of the Sibyl. And there's nobody she hasn't seen, from Prester John to Blind Tom. And there's nowhere she hasn't been-down the crater of Vesuvius and up the top of Cotopaxi. Perhaps she hasn't been into Squirme's Hole. I wish she'd go there and stay there. There's nothing of course you can speak of that she doesn't know about already. I mean to tell her some time that when I was a baby they took me up in a balloon and we stopped at the house of the man in the moon, and she'll say, oh yes, she spent a fortnight there once, and the cream was delicious. She ought to be at the head of a female college. She knows to much to live with white folks!" " Iselin ! What feeble little spite ! You ought to be ashamed of yourself. You are growing so slangy that presently you won't be able to talk properly at all, and you are infecting all the rest of us." "Not her, not her! I wish I could !" cried Iselin gleefully. "Hear her talking Greek roots and things with the Professor-it's disgusting in a woman. I'd like to change them into a couple of Greek roots if I knew Obi !" " You are encouraging a very wrong feeling," I said, with severity, "to- wards a most estimable person." " She's no business to be so es- timable and so handsome, too !" burst forth Iselin. " Look at her great black eyes-they're bold enough for a gypsy's. And she has the colour of a gypsy Queen. I'm only a little wax-doll. If you put me in the sun I'll melt. And those teeth of hers-I wish they were false -they always put me in mind of a wolf or some other bird of prey. I'll ask her to go into the surf and drown her. I would if I were big enough and it wasn't too cold. Oh, isn't it dreadful to be so little as I am, not equal to-" " To drowning the people you don't like. But really, Iselin, you mustn't talk so. You will be misunderstood. You would like Miss Fairweather very much, if you knew her." ' u I never should! I don't want to know her. I don't want to like her. She is jnst the sort of a woman that is hateful to me. He likes her a great deal too well for me to want to like her any. Ob, why wasn't I made tali and dark and rich coloured, with great black eyes and some sort of a mind in my body !" And all at once Iselin was in a little heap on the floor crying like a baby. " Oh, it's too bad for him to be tied to an idiot like nae. I ought to set him free and tell him to marry Agnes Fairweather and let me go off and die somewhere. I don't care where-there she comeB now. I know her step, it's just like the step of the Empress of all the Indies ! Hide me, quick ! And don't you tell her a word I say, or I'll kill youl Yes, I will !" And before I could expostu- late, and without wating for any hid- ing, Iselin had gone skipping out of the other door, singing " Good mor- row, good mother," with a voice like a flute. Of course you wonder now, as much as I did, why a man so learned, so gracious, so elegant and fastidious as Mr. Sanghurst wished to marry this marsh-light of a young girl ; but when you have watched men, as I have, from a spinster's post of obser- vation, for sixty years and over, yea will only come to the conclusion that men are as incomprehensible as they are unaccountable. It was quite evident that Iselin had chosen to be jealous of Miss Fair- weather, for no good reason, of course, for nothing could be more circum- spect than Mr. Sanghurst's behaviour; but because she had been struck with the perception of what she was and what she ought to be herself, and with the feeling that Air. Sanghurst would be much more fitly mated to an intel- lectual and cultured woman than to a I flibbertigibbet, and to her mind Mr. Sanghurst's real wishes and tastes and preferences in the matter were not bo important as those which she felt they ought to be. Perhaps I should have given Mr. Sanghurst or his mother some bint of the state of the child's feelings; but it was someting too meddlesome for me to do. So I only tried to console her in a quiet way when she was quivering with excitement at seeing Mr. ßinghurst'B and Miss Fair weather's heads together over a Ger- man book, or Mr. Sanghurst turning the musió for Míbb Fairweather as she sang iu her glorious voice that seemed too large and noble for auythiug but the music of oratorios, or when, worst of ali, he joined her in a walk through the shrubbery or along the beach. He might hold a book with any one of all the rest of ue, or sing with us, or drive or walk, it signified nothing at all. But with Mies Fairweather that was quiet autre chose. Even it' that did not signify anything, she felt very sure that it ought to do bo ; and presently £he affair began weighing on her feelings so that she lost her ap- petite even tor her favourite snow* apples, in whose red skin she had been setting her tiny white teeth wherever you came across her, lost her voice, even for the Gilbert and Sullivau tunes, lost her pretty colour, her light step, and went creeping round the house like a little wan shadow. I confess I did thing of speaking to Miss Fairweather, and asking her if she had not better cut short her visit ; but on the whole that seemed a be- trayal of .Iselin ; and 1 felt persuaded ber folly would not last, and thought it possibly better that she should see it Briely though, for once and all ; and I thought, for my own part, that the woman of whom I was jealous was the last one whom I should wish to know it, or have extending to me her mag- nanimity. But you see, never having had occasion, I knew nothing about jealousy, or the way it possesses one like a madness, disturbs itself with lalee Visions, and finds a reason for what never existed. Mr. Sanghurst might 6eek for Iselin, and sit and stroll and ride with her, turn to her, appeal to her, take in his arms-no- thing to her eyes was as it was before ; he did all that, she was sure, because he meant to be true to her and to marry her, even though his heart be- longed to a very different person. And so as she went moaning about the house like an uneasy spirit, in those gclden Indian summer days, her poor little heart iras half broken within her, and she was-making up her mind to a great renunciation. It was really amazing to see how ignorant Mr. Sanghurst kept himself of what was going on in this young ferment. But he evidently had not the first suspicion of it. He was even so imprudent sb to praise Miss Fair- weather to Iselio, and to advise her to profit by her knowledge of something or other. Iselin was holding his hand at the moment ; I think she had sb good a mind to bite it as ever she bad to eat ; but she counted herself with flinging it from her like a missile with which she would like to hit Miss Fair- weather, Go where you would now in the house, you met Iselin in her restlesB rambles. Sometimes she hung a mo- ment looking at some of the old Cop- leys, one or another of the Sanghurst women, as if wondering what manner of women they were and seeking some sort of mate counsel of them. Some- times she sat on Madame Sanghurst's footstool, holding the old hand against her cheek, but saying nothing, and sometimes again she went on long walks, alone, along the beach, with a feverish swiftness, as if she sought to tire out the spirit within her. Once she overtook me, a mile or two from the house, and led me a dance into bogs and quagmires and the edge of a frightful quiek-sand, showing me the curiosities and charms of the water« side. " It's not at all a safe coast, you know," she said,)" either to vessels off it or people ou it. There's nothing easier than to get into the quicksand and be sucked down-to China for anything I know. And here-give me your hand-step on that rock-now this-there! Isn't that a pretty cradle to lie down in and let the sea come up quickly and creep over you and put you to sleep?" " Iselin I" I cried, " ia that a proper way to talk? What do you mean by it ? What would Mr. Sanghurst say to hear you?" "Mr. Sanghurst !" she said, with a bitter, short laugh. " He'd say how superior Agnes Fairweather was to that sort of thing. She ü-awfully superior. She gives me Buch fine advice ! Toil may call it superior if you like," she cried in one of her sudden furies; *'I call it insolent. If I talk that way to any one you'd call it saucy-you woulaVir* Sassy, then-sassyírassy I Well, but really," she added preáently, skipping back to* my side along the jutting rocks, " it would be pleasant to like a person for whom you were going to make a great sacrifice, wouldn't it? I'm not going to make it for her !" she cried. " I'm not going to make it tor her. It's for him-all for him ! I know he'll be happier and better, and live out his own life, and all that, with a woman than with a child, a sprite, a little imp like me !" And down she went crouching in the pool of salt water and crying tears as Bait ; and I succeeded in pulling her up and getting her out on the shingle, and turned homeward for a jrapid walk, only after her ßkirts were drag- gled nearly to the waist. '* Ugh ! how cold water is! I'm such a little thing it wouldn't take much to drown me, you see," she said spreading her wet skirts as if to take dancing steps, and the rest of the way she was as joyous as she had been gteomy. That evening the wind began to blow ; a light scud of clouds obscurred the stars, and mists came driving in from the sea and surrounding the house ' in spectral sort. It was chilly with a ' penetrating chill ; and Madame Sang- hurst had a great log fire built in the drawing-room that might have made the wiudows resemble a coast beacon. Iselin sat down on a hassock in a corner by the roaring blaze like a little salamander, as if she would never get warm enough. Mr. Sanghurst was having a lively wrangle with Miss Fairweather about a Dantean passage, and went to get his manuscript, for he was engaged on one of those amateur translations where the help and counsel of other scholars are precious. When he returned they bent over it together with a vivid interest ; and now there was a murmur of voices, and now a laugh, and now Miss Fairweather's silver tones were rippling through that sweet Southern tongue, and now Mr. Sanghurst was looking at her ia open admiration as she spoke, with the colour in her cheeks and the lustre in her eyes. Other people were singing and playing, I was busy with my gold and silver tnreads, Madame Sanghurst was half asleep and nodding over her need les, when suddenly Iselin, all rosy with the fire and with her wrath, stood on the other side of the table before Mr. Sanghurst and Agnes Fairweather. " You will not have to make love in Italian any more !" she flashed out. And as suddenly she was gone, no one knew where, and perhaps no one but her astonished lover thought to con- jecture where. And as tor him, really, he had of late become so accustomed to her tempers that be did not regard this as anything very especial; and then, moreover, I fancy he had just a trifle of righteous indignation that caused him to go back to his book as if nothing had been said. And Agnes Fairweather's voice rippled on, and the piano and violin playing was just as soft as before, and nobody, but me heard the whistling and wailing of the gathering storm. There was no Iselin to bid anyone good-night that evening, and in the morning there was no Iselin to make an uproar at the breakfast table with her " quips and cranks and wreathed smiles." But there was uproar enough outside in the tossing of the broad elm boughs, the roaring of the storm, the crying of the white seas, white out as far as the eye could see through mists and bursts of rain. It was later in the day before anyone began to inquire about Iselin, it being then full time that she was either seen or heard of. It was Mr. Sanghurst who came in- to the dining-room and startled us with his tone. " Has anyone seen Iselin ? " And somehow, without knowing why, there was one outcry through the whole house. "Has any- one seen Iselin?" And nobody had. What a day it was ! How full and how fearful ! Mr. Sanghurst had his horse saddled and went galloping through the storm to the next house. Iselin's words and looks of last night may have rushed over him with new force ; and all the men on the place were sent up and down the shore and into the town, telegraphing and in- quiring, and all in vain, while work and play and almost life itself seemed suspended ia the house, and still the storm raged on. I At nightfall Mr. Sanghurst came home. There was not a trace of Ise- lin. I myself had been out battling with the tempest as far as the place she had shown me the day before, but the cradle was a boiling pit of foam and spume that no one could approach \- only on a jag of rock there was caught a tiny shred of blue wool, a rag of Iselin's skirt. It may have caught there the day before, as she climbed and skipped about the rocks, light as a mountain goat. But all that could be certainly known was that she was gone and that her long waterproof cloak was gone with her. They reasoned, with their whits faces and faltering tones, that she had gone out into the storm last night, for her bed had not been slept in ; as yet they hardly dared state the supposition to themselves that doubtless some tide, Bome wave, some wash of the sea had swept her in as she ran along the shore in the sudden fury with which she had seized her cloak and ran out. I hardly dared look at Mr. Sanghurst; he did not keep still a moment, white as ashes and restless as a leaf in the wind, out in the storm and in again twenty times an hour after the dark set iu. And what a night it was ! The tempest resounded through the black heavens and the house rocked and trembled ; the huge waves pounded on the shore sent a thrill through every timber ; the scream of the breakers made us start and eniver, sheets of rain slapped against the eastern win- dows with a force that made the heart every now and then stand still in a sense of suffocation. Through it all we heard far off a faint repeated minute gun. And to think of this little creature out in all this tumult of the elements-we could not think of it We could do nothing; but we could not sleep, we did not think of separating for the night; when the clock struck two we were still in the drawing-room, or going and coming about the house ; nearly every room V in the house was lighted; and one H| after one the searching parties re- turned, drenched and worn and un- successful. At length Mr. Sanghurst came in for the last time. His mother went out to meet him ; and Miss Fairweather started up and took his hand and led him to a seat, faint and dazzled from wrestling with storm and darkness. And just then, I know not why, or how, perhaps moved by a sudden blast of cold air from an open» ing door, perhaps by the common im- pulse of our overstrained nerves, we all turned to one of the long windows, and there, eloaked to the feet, her hood thrown back and all her hair flying in the wind and rain, a little form leaning against the frame as if blown there, and a little, white face pressed against the pane, wild and ghastly with wide-open eyes fixed in » a sort of horror-not because of the storm or any of its fatal possibilities, but because of Miss Fairweather there leading Mr. Sanghurst to his chair. She eonld not contain herself. "I f see youl You mustn't think I don't see you!" piped her voice shrilly above the gale. " Iselin 1 Iselin 1" cried Mr. Sang* hurst. " It is her spirit I" cried hiß mother« " It is not Iselin. It is a little ghost." But almost before any one spoke, i Miss Fairweather had left him, and 'Mr. Sanghurst had dashed through the open door in the hall, and round the piazza, and had grasped the little ghost and brought her in amongst us, struggling and fierce. " What in the - world is all this fuss about ?" she ex- claimed breathlessly. . "Oh, Iselin!" cried the mother, wringing her hands as if she lamented her lamenting. " You have given us such a fright ! We feared you had gone out-we feared you had destroyed yourself-or been lost in the storm-*' "What should I destroy mysel^ « for ?" cried Iselin. " Because I couldn't destroy Miss Fairweather? I hope I have a little spirit! Yon must have thought I was a fool. Well," she continued, throwing off her cloak, " I will tell you the truth ; I did go out to lie down in the cradle and let the waves cover me-but it stormed so I was afraid-and I ran back and went up into the west attic and stayed there till it should he pleasant again. I do so hate a storm ! And I thought at last I would come down and get something to cat, and have a breath j of air, and found all this to do, and the house lighted as If there were going to be a wedding and-" " There is going to be a wedding,*' said Mr. Sanghurst, taking her arms and drawing her into his own, while several people melted simultaneously from the room, feeling, if they felt as I did, that they had wasted a great deal of vitality for nothing. "And that to-morrow," ho went on. "I shall wait no longer to make sure of such an elf-" "Do you mean me?" she asked, withdrawing and looking up at him in a slow wonder. " Whom else should I mean ?" "I thought-Agnes-" " Miss Fairweather ?" he exclaimed in great spirits. " She is to be married ^npxt week herself to the Professor. '4/BSxq ring, and the cake and the veil are all ready." " Oh !"cried Iselin then, with blaz- ing eyes, and totally regardless of any auditors that were left. " Then tha't is the reason ! You would never have taken me if. you could have had her-" " Hush ! you absurd tyrant Í" half whispered Mr. Sanghurst. " Jealous of a dictionary ! I would never have taken anybody but you ! I love a lock of your hair better; you tormenting sprite, than I could love all the brains and body of a blue-stocking. And if there were a justice of the peace in the house I should insist on marrying you here and now, that I might never let you out of my sight again-" " Oh !" cried Iselin in something like real distress, " I don't wonder you all thought I was a fool, or I never would submit to this. But-I suppose-" and she smothered the rest with her face in his breast. " Are you sure you mean me ?" she mur- mured, looking up. And then sud- denly starting at the toll of the clock, "it is stt iking three,and all these people \- out of bed !" she exclaimed, her rosy face dazzled with its glitter of tears and smiles and blushes. *' Mr. Sang- hurst , I may be a fool. I suppose I am. But not such a fool as to be married without a veil and a wedding cake and all the rest. And we can't ¿possibly arrange those things to-mor j^tow. Besides, it's to-morrow now." "We will borrow Miss Fairweather's," ' said Mr. Sanghurst. j 