old time theatricals. (Continued) On New Year's day, 1844, the Theatre Royal was again opened. The following are copies of two of the " bills of the play " of the period : — THEATRE ROYAL, MELBOURNE This Evbninq, Saturday, January 20, 1844. will be presented the favourite drama, entitled ' - 1 MICHAEL ERLE, THE MANIAC LOVER .. - or ' The Fair Lass of Lichfield MiohaelKrlo . ' .. .. Mr. KnowIes Gilllflower M ' Mr. Capper Mary ... „ .. Mrs. Knowles To conclude with a dramatic version of Mr. Charles Dickens' story of N I OH OLA. S N:I C K L EBY Nicholas Niokleby .. Mr. Alexander Ralph Nlckleby .. Mr, Capper Squeers .. .. . Mr. Knowlej John Browdie „ - ' - Mr. Winter Newman Noggi ... . Mr. Miller Smike .. .. .. Mrs. Snowies \- Other characters by the company. Doors open at six, performances com- . mence at seven o'clock precisely. PRICES AS USUAL. ROYAL VICTORIA THEATRE, MELBOURNE. Immense Attraction. First Night of a Drama of Intense : Interest. - , The Two Faroes at Half Prioe. This Monday Evening, Feb. 12, 1844. Will be presented- for the first time in the colonies, a musical drama of great popularity, entitled LOVE'S DREAM OR Virtue Triumphant To be succeeded by the highly laugh able farce of W H Y DID Y O U D IE ? To oonolude with the highly' popular petite comedy in one act of T HE RIVAL PAGES Characters by the company : Prices of admission : — Boxes, Four shillings, half price/ Two shillings ; Pit, Two shillings, half price, One . shilling; Gallery,' One shilling, No - half price. ; ; Doors will open at six, o'clock, curtain will rise punctually at seven. , The reign of Mr. and Mrs. Knowles having come to an end, a change of management was intimated . in the following notice, which was placed throughout the city : — THE ATREROYAL, MELBOURNE. The ladies and gentlemen of Mel- . bourne, its vicinity,; and "the public generally, are", most respectfully ^in formed that the theatre having under gone a thorough repair in all its branches, : ; - ' ' ' Has Opened for the Season. ' It iB confidently expected that , the improvements and alterations that have Been effected at considerable expense, will meet with the support and patronage of a generous public; Great care will be taken to.: produce sterling pieces of the best authors, and novelties will follow each other in ' rapid succession. For the purpose of peace, order and regularity, there are a few rules established, and it is most respectfully aunounced to the patrons of the theatre thatthey will be strictly adhered to , and enforced. Smoking , on no account in any part of the house -to be tolerated, and it is supposed and to he hoped that the good sense of the audience will be sufficient to prevent a, repetition of 4 hat annoyance which 'has hitherto, been the subject of com plaint by every respectable person . visiting the theatre. First appearance this season of Air. KNOWLES. ! First time in the colony of the cele brated drania entitled THE HEART OF MIDLOTHIAN . This (Thursday). Evening, August .; V- 15, 1S44. .. ' Wjll be produced for the first. time in this - proviuce— -Dibdin Pitt's celebra- ted drama, taken from the work of V Sir Walter, Scott, and entitled THE HEART OF MIDLOTHIAN or The Lily of St. Leonard's John, Dnke ot Argyle ... Mr. Alexander Staunton (Geordie Robertson) ' Mr. Batters David Deans .. .. , Mr. Capper Laird O'Dambeedykes - .. Mr Cameron Reuben Butler .. .. Mr. 'Wray Saddletree .. .. Mr Davfes Ratoliffe .. .. .. Mr. McMillan Black Frank .. .. Mr. Burgin Sharpitlaw ... . .. .. Mr. Miller Margery Mnrdochson Mr. Searla Queen of England ... Mrs. Riohards Effle Deans .. „ Mrs, Murray Jennie Deans .. Mrs. Cameron Mrs. Glass . — „ ' Mrs. Grove Madge Wildfire .. Mrs. Knowles Mrs. Balchristie ' .. Mrs. Grove After which the favourite song and chorus from " Jack Sheppard," . called NIX MY. DOLLY PALS To conclude with the popular melo drama, entitled A HUSBAND AT SIGHT Characters by the company. ($gT This Theatre will he opened (until further notice) on the evenings of Mon day, Thursday, and Saturday . - _ The doors will be opened at half past six o'clock, and the curtain will rise at seven. Admission — Boxes, 4s. half price, 2s". Pit, 2s. half price, Is. Gallery, Is. no half price. Half price to Boxes and Pit will commence at nine o'clock. The orchestra will be under the direction of Mr. Richards. The new act drop, proscenium and scenery have been painted by Mr. Lightfoot, and the interior of the house by .Mr. Miller. . Special Notice — A few season tickets .have been prepared, appli cations for which are to be made to Mr. Cameron as early as possible. The season which opened, so prom ising on the 12th of August, 1844, was not a propitious one, and soon cume to an end. The Port Phillip Herald, Tuesday, Sept. 10, 1844, thus alludes to the fact : — " The Theatre — We regret to state that "this place of amusement is again falling, into - dis repute, through mismanagement, and the bad conduct of one of the actresses, who frequently appears on the stage in a state of intoxication. Oh Satur day last no performance took place, in consequence of the Leader of the Band, refusing to go into the orchestra until his salary was. paid him. As the '! Ghost " did not walk — the Leader did off homo. ( To he continued, j W.H.W. At the age of eighty-seven the veteran dramatist Mr. J. A. Herand is about to publish what he announces will be his last poem, entitled, "The. Sibyl Among the Tombs." Many years ago, ne proaucea a striding composition with a : strange title, which will long be remembered in con nection with one of the ; most caustic repartees which Dohglas Jeirrold ever uttered. " Have you seen my ' Des cent into Hell?'" asked the poet, a few days after its publication, " No, " growled. the .wit, " but. I, should very . much like' to." » »" . Mr. Deane Brand arid Miss Kate Chard, both well known in the colon ies, have been engaged by. Augustus . ' Harris for the production of a hew and original comic opera by Hervh at. Drury Lavie, next Autumn. 