NE IKS OF THE DAY. The Public Offices will be re-opened to-day, but the majority of tho members ot the Govern ment are out ol town at ptesent, and the depart ments urc not likely to bo troubled with much butiuess ibis week, The Premier returns lo town on Thursday uext. The overcrowded condition of tho lunatic asylums of tho colony has forced upon the Government tho necessity of providing extra accemmodatiou. Some mouths ago tenders wero let for erecting two cottages for idiot children iu connection with the Ivcw Lunatic Asylum. Theso cottages will provide accom modation for 40 inmates and will bo taken possession of early next mouth. Tho al'cra- lions to tho Ararat gaol, which is to bo utilised in future as an asylum for tho insane, ara also progressing satisfactorily. Largo additions are also being made to tho Ararat Luuatic Asylum, ami it is proposed when ull this ad ditional accommodation is available to re classify the inmates of the diffeicut asylums. Christmas day was observed quiotly iu Mel bourne on Saturday. Tho day, although beautifully line, was too hot for much exertion, aud the closing of places of amuse ment, except those where a performance of sacred music was given, gavo town a Sun day like aspect. Iu the moruing divine service was celebrated at uiauy of the places of worship, the citizous fed and feasted during tho afternoon, and speut the evening either domestically or at one of tho conodfls of sacred music given on the occasiofi. To compensate for the large number of persous who availed thcmselvos of three con secutive holidays to leave town, a large influx took place from the country, the hotels aud coffee pulaccs being filled with guests. The Boxing day amusements which were celebrated yesterday, us the 26th fell this year on Sunday, wero largely attended, notwith standing the extremely ouervating character of the weather iu the earlier part of the day aud the willul pertinacity of the dust fienll during nearly tiie whole of it. The general prosperity of tho community could not be belter indicated than by the well dressed crowds who Hocked to the four points of the compass yesterday to divert themselves in a healthful aud rational manner. Notwithstand ing the drawbacks arising from the unpleasant weather, the public appeared with cheerful faces iu great numbers ut the many different amuscmeuts. One of tho most popular aud certainly tho plee.sautest way of spending tho day was in going down the hay on hoard some or other of tho score of steamers which were specially laid on to run trips lo different points inside Hobson's Bay. Not withstanding the many steamers ruuniug, each carried u full complement of passengers. The Temperance Gala held at the Friendly Societies Gardens was also a popular resort, uud tho sup porters of the turf mustered largely ou the Caulileld racecourse, where the " Victoria Amateur Turf Club held u meeting. Cricket was also included in the day's attiactious, as the intercolonial match between New South Wales aud Victoria was commenced ou the Melbourne ground. A new feature in the Christmas festivities was tho excellent pyro technic display held last evening by Mr. James Paiu on the East Melbourne cricket ground, at which there was an enormous attendance. A similar display was made at the Exhibition grounds iu eounection with the festival opened yesterday in connection with the Protestant Alliance Friendly Society. A great mauy per sous availed themselves of the excursion trains to visit the country, and in short tbe i fullest Advantage seemed to bo taken by ull who were able to avail themselves of the anipto op- poiluuities presented yesterday of enjoying an outing. Tho Boxing day race meeting of the Vic toria Amateur Turf Club passed off iu a very successful manlier at Catilfield yesterday after noon. Probably <>wiugtb lire weather not being of the most agreeable or promising kind tho attendance was scarcely so large as it has been ou previous similar occasions, but still the course was well patronised, and, as usual, the grand staud was nearly filled with ladies. There were six races on the programme for the afternoon's sport, tho tiist ouo being a Selling Ilace, which was won by Hot Iron, with F F second and Mistake third. The sale of the winner resulted in the club benefiting to tho extent of £110, at which figure Hot Iron was bought in by his owner. . The Hurdle Race was won by Goodwood, with Marron second aud Whalebone third ; and tho Summer Cup, which was the most important rucc of tho day, fell to tho lirst favorite, Ivohai, who got home in froat of Tho Levite, Metal aud 14 others. Grace Darling finished fourth. The Juvenile Stakes which came next, was won all tho way by Perhaps, Escutcheon being second, and the favorite ilorlensa third ; and the Steeplechase, which was productive of fully as many spills aud mishaps as usual, was won by Ruby, with Curiosity second atld Moon light third. Both tho favorites, Coutingont and Promotion, fell early in tho race, aud tho last named gave Corrigan a severe shakiug, from tiie effects of which ho did not recover until some little time had elapsed. The Inst race, which brought to a close an afternoon's enjoyable sport, was tho Malvern handicap, in which Damocles proved victorious from Tho Ghost, Uouora aud 13 others. The thirty- seventh cricket, match, between representatives of Victoria and New South Wules, was commenced yesterday on the Me!- houruo cricket ground, about 5000 spectators being present during the afternoon. The weather, although threatening in tho morning, was, on the whole, favorable for a good display) of cricket, which being forthcoming, the play" was enjoyed by tho»e present, who were lavish and impartial in their applause. The New South Wales team occupied tho wickets until within five minutes of the time appointed for drawing llie stumps, and in their first innings have uiado 226, the highest scorers being Turner 57, Jones 46, Ferris 36, M'Donuetl 30, Bannennnn 16, aud Moses 10. 'The match is to he resumed to-duy.at noon, and will be played out to u finish. The Temperance Gala at tho Friendly So cieties' Guldens yesterday was not so largely attended as last year, the cause being no doubt the cxcessivo heat of the weather iu the early portion of tho day. Those present, however, were rewarded by au agreeahlo change iu tho weather, which took place about 3 o'clock iu the afternoon. A great Turiety of amusements wero provided, and despito tho oppressive character of tho weather tho assemblage ap peared to extract much hearty enjoyment from the proceedtngr of the day. The events on the programiuo oi sports were as a rulo excellently contested, During the afternoon a temperance meeting was held in a large building on tho grouud, lasting from 2 uutil 4 o'clock. The chair was occupied successively by Mr. J. Munro and Mr. J. Vale, and tho meeting was addressed by Messrs. E. Steward, G. Hughes, J. Blanksby, W. Dale, J. Carr and J, Merson. Tho arrangements during tte holidays in connection with the departure of trains from Spencer-street station fur up-country towus have not so far been of such a character as to reflect any credit ou the authorities. Iu tho afternoon and eveniug of Christmas cvo es pecially, tho trains-for Ballarat aud Sandhurst were as a matter of course crowded to such an cxteut that extra trains had to be put on in order to accommodate tho great increase in traffic which is incidental to the season. The railway authorities wero ablo to meet the requirements of the travelling, public in providing rolling stock for thoir ac commodation. but they failed signally in a most important point, namely, in leaking after the comfort of tho passengers while the work of filling the carriagos was going on. Until a short period before the advertised time for starting tho train no ouo was allowed insido the barrier, the consequcuco being that when the gates were opened u regular block occurred owiug to tho great crowd of passengers which had assembled, Instead of regulating the wicket gates so as to prevent overcrowding on the platform, the system adopted bud quito tho contrary effect, When tho train was shunted into positiou, iu nearly every case, there wero hundreds more on tho platform than could possibly hopo to ob tain even standing room in the carriages. Before tbe train was brought to a standstill a rush was made for tho carriages, and disgraceful scenes occurred. The officials were powerless to stop disorder, and women and children were roughly thrust aside in tho general rush which ensued for tho car riages. A littlo foresight would havo prevented all this. Had the porters in chargo of the wicket gntes been instructed to only admit a certain number of passeng. rs on tho platform at a time there would havo been an absence of the disgraceful aud unseemly struggles which were of frequent occurrence. A very clover exhibition of fireworks was held ou the East Melbourne cricket ground last evening, and attracted a largo attendance. Tho ground was fit up with variegated lamps and Japanese lanterns, and the display of pyro technics which followed completely eclipsed anything ot tho kind which has p-eviously been witnessed ill Melbourne, recalling to mind some of the glories of departed Vuuxhali and Cremorne, and introducing a uumbcr of novelties which have more recently been produced at the Crystal Palace. The most notable items on tho" pro gramme were the sacred white elephant, tho Fulls of Niagara, a fire portrait ot her Majesty the Queen, aud a vivid representation of the bom bardment of Alexandria, The display will be repeated to-morrow night. Tho festival which the Protestaant Alliance Friendly Society have arranged for the Christ mas holidays was opened iu tho Exhibition Buildiujj yesterday afternoon. A very loug and varied programme of iudoftr and outdoor amusements was submitted, aud both in the afternoon and evening there was a large assem blage ot spectators. The festival continues during tbe whole of the week. A deadlock lias occurred in the South Mel bourne couucil with regard to the new routo of tho tramway aud whether cable should ho substituted for horse power. Councillors are pretty equally divided on tho merits of the two routes. A conference is therefore to be culled shortly between tho Tramways Com pany, tho Railway Commissioners aud the council, with a view of arriving at some prac ticable route. Ono of the local requirements of South Melbourne is the construction of a pier at Ko.- ferd-road, for which the Government has this year placed £1000 on tho estimates. It is urged that while every little bay side village has had its pier, South Melbourne, w ith au ex tensive range of sea beach, has had none, and it is anticipated that by its erection much. of the silt which is now thrown by tiie' iliirbor Trust into tho Bay will be landed and utilised for tilling up tho low-lying laud in tho vicinity of Kerferd-road. Hence the council has re solved to make application to the Government to immediately put in hand tho preparation of the necessary plans, more especially as tho large druinugo scheme rcccutly adopted by the council will in some respects "have to be inade to dovetail with the plau of the pier. A very brutal and cowardly attack on a police constable was made in Smith-street. Collingwood, ou Sunday. Tiie victim of the attack, a youug member of the force named Constable O'Kecfe, has suffered such serious injuries that he will probably be incapacitated for duty for some time to come. It appears that while on duty in Smith-street on Sunday afternoon O'Kecfe had his attention attracted to a knot of men standing at tho cor ner of one of the tight of ways making a great noise aud using grossly insulting language. As a raau, whose name afterwards transpired to be Hobeits, appeared to bo the ringleader. O'Kecfe cautioned him to desist, aud then walked away a few yards. Huberts, however, instead of takiug warning, reuewed his objectionable conduct, and O'Keefa therefore returned with the intcutiou of arresting him. Tiie constable had just placed his hauif upon .Roberts, wheusomo of his mates immediately caught liuld ot the former and threw him heavily to the grouud, after which thev pro ceeded to kick aud heat him in an mmilrcifut manner. Several ot the residents of the neigh- borhood observing the treatment the constable was rccciviug, rushed to ins assistance, but they were in turn severely maltreated l>v Roberts's followers, and were'coinpelled to re tire. Information of the disturbance was then conveyed to the Collingwood police station, and in the space of a few minutes a number of additional police constables arrived on the scene aud alter some little trouble succeeded in ar resting John Roberts, Hged 22 years' a laborer ; Edward Guarlay, aged 23 yoars a wool sorter; Robert Keener, aged 31 years' a wool washer ; Thomks Shaw, aged 27 years, a wool scourer, and John Bridsou, aged 23 years, a boot maker These men were at once lodged in the lockup, and in tho meantime Constablo O'Kcefe was conveyed to tho bar racks, whero it becatile necessary to summon medical aid. Although O'Keefe's injurios aro nut likely to prove dangerous, they ure suffi ciently serious to prevent him from resuming duty for at least somo weeks to come. Later on in tho same evening, from information sup plied to the police, William Tradgeon, aged 39 years, quarrymau ; Will am Johusou, uged 20 years, a bo d maker ; Michaol Wholan, aged 22 years, a laborer, aud Charles Lye!!, aged 22 vears, a boot maker, were also arrested on a chargo of assaulting the police, and wero ac cordingly locked up with their comrades. Tha prisoners, eight in all, will he brought befora tho local court on Friday, when a remand will in all probability ho asked for. A rase of suicide took place at Collingwood yesterday under very melancholy circumstances. On Sunday a child belonging to a man named William Taylor, residing in Cumpbell-strcet, succumbed to an attack of fever. The dentil of the child appeared to prey greatly on the mind of the fattier, and yesterday, during the absence from homo of Mrs. Taylor, w ho had gone out! to makearrangemeuts for the burial of the child, lie (wallowed u dose of carbolic acid with tha deliberaic object of terminating his existence. Intelligence of the occurrence was shortly aflerwards received by a man named Edward Lees, who at once went to tho assistance of Taylor, whom he found in an unconscious con dition, and whom ho had immediately removed to tho Mclbouruo hospital. Taylor, bowS' ' ever, who was 36 years of nge, died soon after arrival at the institution. It appears' that the uufortuuato man in his frenzy drank' about half a pint of tho acid. He has heed following tho occupation of a laborer, and haa always been looked upon as a thoroughly steady and sober man. Taylor left a long, incoherent note to his wife, expressing regret that he felt compelled to commit suicide. Tbe question of the proposed rc-snbdtvision of the city of Richmond into 6ix wards is to bs vigorously taken up after the holidays, when A meeting will he called to consider tho question and to form a working committee. The bouno Juries of the proposed wards Iiavo already been given in The Aye, hut the following figures re garding tho annual ratable value have not been published, viz. — tho North-west Ward, £46,443 ; North- east ward, £ .6,776 ; West' Central, £51,170 ; East Central, £46,114 j South- west, £35,854 ; South-east, £21,662, It will bo observed that tho western wards,; being the longest settled, predominate in valno/j but not to such an extent as might be expected, t There is uioro room for new buildings in thai eastern wards, 60 that it is expected that within a stiurt time tho wards will approximate mora closely to an equal valuation. The sooth-cast| ward has ttio most unoccupied land, iu point of revenue, although at present it is tha smallest of all. At a late hour on Sunday night a fisherman named C. Farrell was discovered by Mr. J. F, Smith, tide surveyor, aud tho crew of tha Customs boat holding on to the stringer placed under the steamboat pier at Wiltiamstown, Hud the unfortunate man been left much longer iu his perilous condition ho would have been drowned, as tho tide was rising, and Farrell wa3 exhausted. Haw Farrell got into the position in which ho was found res mains n mystery, hut it is supposed that ha slipped off the wharf whilst proceeding to hid boat. A young woman named Eva Cliff, about 18 years of ago, met with an accideut late last evening on the tramway at Richmond. Whilst in the act of alighting from a car she fell, and was picked up unconscious, apparently severely injured. Slio was taken to tho Melbourna Hospital, aud was there admitted by Dr. Loosli, who Btatcd sho was suffering from shock, " Among the Prcusscn's quarantined pnssea< gcrs ou Torrcus Islund there have as yet beefi uu signs of the development of small-pox, and affairs," Ihn South Australian Advertiser states, "are going ou very smoothly. Confine ment to tho island is being rendered compara tively pleasant by means ol various sports, such ' as cricket, fishing end shooting, and as the island has an area of something like 4000 acres there is ample room for any diversion. There are two dyseutcry patients, who aro kept isolated. Dr, Toll states that the two attendants who waited upou tho small-pox patient during his illness on board tho I'renssen and two other passengers have shown a rather high temperature. They have been kept isolated since lauding on tho island, and of course will continue so until tha symptoms huvo cnitroiy vanished. It is reported that in consequence ot the body of tho tnau who died from sinall-pox on the Prcusseu on Monday lust being buried ut sea the fish trade has suffered very considerably, and fishermen nre complain ing in consequence." The Standard ol 16th November declare! that tho domination of Russia in Bulgaria is > deplorable, a disheartening spectacle. The whole world disapproves, aud tolerates what it disapproves. Public opinion seems paralysed by tho Tory enormity of the offence couunittod against it. Tho future is very dark for Bul garia. Europe, which alono could savo tha principality, stands aloof, and takes no stops to save its peoplo from the doom which is impending over tliern. Ooce thoy have completely submitted to the ordinances ot their unspuriug patron a souse of prostration and despair must necessarily onsuo, and Europo will havo heard the last of Bulgaria till it is awukeued by a danger bred and matured out o( its present indifference. That even Austria.' will turn at last ono cannot doubt. But when: the day of resistance arrives tho mischief will have been done as far as the Bulgarians aro coucerued. They will havo been sacrificed to tho pitiless ambition of one power and the pith less cowardice of the rest. The Mikado was repeated at the Princess's Theatre last night with tho usual success. There was u very largo audience present. The performances of Flo Hall's company of laily minstrels at tho Nugget Theatre ara attracting large and appreciative audiences. A new programiuo has now been introduced, in. which the company will appear every evening this week. Norma had been announced for pcrformancs last evening at tho Alexandra Theatro, but owing to the indisposition of Sigaor Santinelli its production had to he postponed, to the dis appointment of a largo number of visitors. II; Truvatore was substituted, a generally excellent ' performance being given. Norma is to ba> performed this evening. In toother column Mr. Itobcrt Kennedy advertises hi J, entertainment, " A mclit vr,' Bnraj," un 25ta January ' next. Burus's anniversary. Owing to the inuuy counter attractions, It w»j deemed advisable by the management to yosiiiuna tho recitals wlilcli were lo havo been given by Mrs. T. 1\ Hill, at tho Freemason' Ilali laat night. Duo notice ot tha! altered data will be given shortly In oar adrerttalag A jiablic mccetlng for tho advocacy of the principles ot lotal ebstineace will be held In the Temperance Hall, J'.tis, ell-street, this evening, it 8 o'clock, when cd- dresscs will lie delivered uy Messrs. W. II, U, J. R. Mann and M. Talbetu The chair will be taken by Mr. James Wallers. It la uotiilcd by Messrs. Hnddart. Farker and Co,' thai then- ileanirr Excelaior will make a special trip to be- along and I'ortarbugion lo-d iy, leivlng tho Queen'a tt harf at d.30 a.m„ and that the A ert will leave at tha usual hour, 4 p.m., going direct tu uea.ung, connecting with tbe country trains. 