flDieccllancous. Tho Slcahorolcss Deeps- I think sonieltmcs that tho sUcnco Itself bos . .insonndlcss ghost;;- ; ...- ' 'A stillness dcoptr than ocean, whore gathdr . the countless host ' Of shades that aro , shado s reflcotlons, of . glooms that arc shades of gloom, And echoes of thoughts unfathomixl which novor In words find room. . - ' - Thoro iiro thonghta which movo nt .midnight . too deopfofln vision's reach; There nro waves deep down' In sllcnco, too strong for tho grasp Of speech : ' And a mystic Jntnltlon In Infinite depth of . . spr,co ' : 7' ' ..c. . Tog, far to imprcssrcflccllons ' or shades on a '. mortal fneo.' . ; "' Wo know: In the sllont chambers tho bents of ' a distant, heart, , > . 7 Wo h'nvo seen. with an. inner .-vision tho enr- talns oi sllcnco part, 1 And far in tbo shaded dlstanco 'liavo . rend, ns on'magic scroll, Tho words no sound conld.nttcr, addressed to an earnest soul. , " Thoro orb things so doe) : nd sacred thoy flco tbc npprcach of Eo-.ad, V There .arc ideas pore it holy no natorol hedgerows bound And somewhere, wo!. ailjusicd, unseen, an .'.'' hoard, Intense, !' ' ,'' Are the truths which reach us only through a , seventh mysterious sense. Wo hear not, spent riot, : feel 'not, yet we think, and trust, and know, While tbo viewless mystic carrents sweep ' by ' in thoir endless flow, , While nbbvo tho mirrored crystal thoro flatter ; the. ghostly wings, .. Arid a song too sweet for language Itbjubl- \- lant anthem brings, e Tho grandest truth of tho nges havb entered' tho heart llko this, ' , . Tho things wo can never utter producing the greatest bliss ; Mysterious intuitions, swift shades of. a: shadow-thought, Havo flooded tho sonl with sweetness In- mlraclo wonders wrought. Wo know there are soul vibrations, a subtlo- and clorions bond, Uniting the world material with asometSlng so far beyond " Tbnt It reaches Us in soul waves,' tbo delicate' far for touch; . That thb brightest words ore heavy and harden them overmaob,, So wo learn lis beau tlons wisdom. Its peaceful currents flow Too far for tho reach of evil, too high for tho toueh'of woo, Too deep for' our words to fathom, too soft for tho grasp of sound, In a plaeo which God hath guarded with a sllcnco most profound. Then wolocmo tho mysito mcssago, tho p'caca boyond all compare, Tooswcot to bo grasped or measured, found . bat by a volcolcss prayer- ; Tho sign of a blgbor presence, a rsrifure which may not censo . " . - ' Till it reach, the great Nirvana and blend ' into endless peace. ' A .symbol of .something coming, revealing '. somo time to bo, Tho ripples of glory lopping tho shore of ' nn : cndloss sea : . . - . Tho Boorot of lifo tao "grand fori the bonds of speech, . ; . Convoying a soundless mcbsa o to tho wait- ..."-. ing souls on tho beach; ; 7 7' ' :7j , So tho sonl repctvc3 its mcmago, by ri renth . wo may not trace, . .. . 7 . .'' ; :-i :' i From tho dccp3 whero fathomless Bllcnco I '. broods ever, in ondless spaco ; . ._ I Whore tho finite may 'riot measnro with- Itu puny rulo and rod ! !.',. -Tho truths which tho sonl : , rteclvoth direct from the heart of God. . 7 .re J. BDOAilJOHKS. ' 77 