BEHIND A MASK t A ROMANCE OT HEAL LIFE. GSAfcTBB IX; — G0Htintt6(L /Many more . summers . came and wefttj the rained cottage fell more and more into decay, ind the weeds grew apace; the old men of the village had rested from theit labors, and the boys and girls had grown up into men and women, when, at the close of o. snmmer'd dav. there came into Marshwood a weak infirm old man, attired in the garb of a Bailor, and tottering upon a staff. As mtLCli-.oi hia face as was visible from beneath his long erray beard was sunburnt and tanned, and there were Bears on it which told of service in the wars. The old man, unheeded by the poor simple villagers, sought1 the cottage of George and Mabel Hedgeston. .The next day the villagws ?were horrified at finding the dead body of the stranger lying at the foot of the gravestone of Mabel and her child. Upon the person of the Veteran/was found an honorable dis charge, from the King's service, of George Hedgeston, third mate of one of his Majefity's men-of-war. The body from other circumstances was proved to be that of poor Isabel's husband— George, the blacksmith's son—- who' had Deen impressed into the King's Service by a disgraceful ruse on the night wheat the strange ship stood off Marsh wood Bay/ \- 'A very touching story,* said Mansfield} * thank you so much.' ' Yes, - said George ' it is indeed ; and we should thank Master Dick for his ' call,' as they Bay tit the workmen's parties.' , ' What are they F asked Mansfield. * Oh, the little reunions of the men, when they sing and recite, and give toasts and sentiments.' . ' How interesting ! I have never attended such a reunion,' said Mansfield ; and Sybil saw in the remark a subtle disparagement ot George, that -was quite in sympathy with her growing feeling that George was an in ferior person when compared with the Christmas guest. . * Who knows a real dramatio ghost story ?' asked ~t£r. Clayton, with two of the young est children nestling by hie knee. * Some thing that makes your hair stand on end, ek,Dick?' ' Mrs. Dudley knows one,' 6aid Ella ; ' and it has the advantage of being a genuine ex perience.' *Oh, do tell itl' said the children in chorus. * Yes, do,' said Mrs. Clayton. * I wonder Miss Ella remembers anything about so poor a thing as that,' said Mrs. Dudley. * It is not worth the telling.' 'Yes, it is indeed,' said Ella. I know when you told it tome, I found it quite ex citing.' * Well, if you think there's any entertain ment in it,' said Mrs. Dudley, ? I will repeat it, as it is Christmas time, though, it would have been more in keeping, I'm thinking, with last night or Christmas Eve than for a Sunday night.' \- Oh don't say that Mrs. Dudley I Twice to church, and a hymn to finish the day does justice to the Sabbath, and leaves us a margin for recreation and a. story, and I know you think more of acts than mere faith, more of practical religion than cere monies,' eh T * Well, yes, Mrs. Clayton, so long as we keep the Sabbath clear from games, from evil thoughts and deeds. We have the right to remember that we are still on earth. 1 don't hold with folk being slaves to the Sabbath, A man may love his house well and not ride on the roof of it, as the'Seotch «y-\ 'Quite right, Mrs. Dudley/ said the host. . '* Tell us the story, Mrs. Dudley, please,' ?aid Dick, ... . .- * Yes, yes ; tell the story, please,' chimed in the rest of the children. George smiled at Sybil, and then looked at his. mother, as much as to say, ' Am' I ndt blessed to be loved by two such dear wpmen.' .''...- ?* Very well, my dears,' said Mrs. Dudley. ' Ijfc was at, Christmas time abont twenty five years ago. I vtvs visiting at the Thorpe farm. * Mary Winthorpe was at home keeping house, whilst her mother, who was a widow, like I am, had gone away for a week to visit her eldest daughter, Jane, who had not been well for a long time. 'It was a great old-fashioned house, such as yds see in many parts of the midlands. The family bedrooms were in the right wing of the house, and were approached by a fine old polished staircase. The left wing was mostly devoted to the farm servants, though these bedrooms were mixed up as it were with lofts and storerooms. 'When Mary and I had been in bed about two hours, we were awakened by the mpBt unearthly sounds. Indeed, I never was so frightened in my life, I thought I should have died. There was shouting and hooting, -and- a -noise every now and then like thunder.. All the haunted houses I had ever heard of came into my remembrance; Mary Winthorpe got up and struck alight. She would have opened the window and screamed* 4rat there was nobody to come to ou* assistance, and; the snow had fairly covered the window panes. *? 'By-andrby the noise ceased a little, and wecrfijpt to our door and listened, Jf we could onljtcrosa the big staircase, and get to 'the dairymaid's room ! We opened the door, we peeped out upon the big landing, and then came again the rush of noises. * 'Hoyj VoDo'l bjoo-hoorwhoop T'TOriedfey ?tamping and mysterious rustling, which sent us shuddering baok in terrible affright. 'We fastened the door, and clung to each other pal? wi^b, terror, until ,our . teeth chattereA 'jlwl the candle burnt into the socket^ and then - «mids-- * yelling and « ? tramping, ail if a inan passed up the stairs and alongt^ passage leading to fcheservantB' rooniB,we «**fe itilio Js^Atia covered out heads with%hiftaflsiket»;, r 'K * A w«ary,;w«fty night |t was! f Weirer ilepfc; a ^ink. Miry Wfoihor^ 4id doze onc^jratonly to awaken with* scream o^f .terror, ? '?' ''' ' . ? .' ' . '..,.- '? * Morning came at last, but it was * lorne . we 4^4i everything was «s -it'' -ahoida ™fc The girls were at their vork^ 'this tatl^:; or my mother jsrtis ill, jot perhaps worse. The token had been sent to us alone. Neither of us eosM-eat any breakfast, ' We went together through the snow to the barn, and asked;ihe bailiff, who also slept in the house, if be /had heard anything in the night. 4 ' No, nothing unusflali* he said. 'What was to be done? We date not sleep in the house again without; Mrs. Winthorpe: The place was snrely haunted, and some dreadful calamity was about to come upon us- Just as we were discussing what we should dp, Hobinson, the bailiff, came in. ''&'.]. ' ' I've been thiakikg1 about the question you asked me jest now, Miss Winthorpe,' he said. 'VYes, yes; Eobinson,' said Mary 'eagerly. , ? ' ? ' You ueein so frightened, that I've been wondering whatever could have happened, and I've just bethought me.' *'Yes, yes,' we both said, in very anxious unison* 4 ' Perhaps .it might have been that,' he went on as if talking to himself, 'and perhaps not.' ? « What? what F' :*& exelaimed. ?'Why, 'we've gotten a new waggoner, you know, Miss Winthorpe, «nd I had to go to him twice in the night. He's got a bit of work on hand just now, and dreams about it, I suppose ; for he was wo-ho-ing, and ge-e-ing, and come uping, and backing, and going on at bis team at such a rate that I was obliged to go and shake him till my arms ached—: — ' * Our faces brightened. ' ' I'd almost forgotten It when you came down to the barn. Lor' bless yew! He'd twisted the sheet into a whip, and he was sitting on the pillows and cracking it, and shouting, and wo-ho-ing, and ge-e-ing till I couldn't help laughing right out — a regular guffaw 1 But he never heard me and this is the second time he has done it, 1 hear, but this last go is the worst of the two.' '-Thus the. dreadful mystery was ex plained ,* but I think I never was so frightened in my life.' Dick burst into a fit of laughter as Mrs. Dudley finished the story. All the children followed suit, Mr. Clayton laughed too ; the rest said it was a capital story, and Mr. Mansfield said 'he wished all ghost stories ended as happily, and could be as well explained, as that which Mrs. Dudley had So admirably told. ? ? ' Which means,' said Miss O'Neill, ' that you know one that is a mystery and beyond explanation ?' ♦No, Miss Sybil,' said Mansfield, M cannot say that; but I once slept in a haunted house.' * Really I' said Sybil; and Mrs. Dudley noticed, if George did not, what a quick interest everything said by the stranger guest had for Sybtt, * Yes, it was in an old place of my father's ; in a dismal old square in London.' ' And was it really haunted ?' ' I think so. In the night I was startled by a cold wind blowing upon mj face, and by the consciousness of a presence I could not see. Then something that was cold and clammy touched me, and I thought I was dead, I tried to cry out, and was^paralysed. A strange, weird light was in the room, and for a few minutes it sounded as if the flooring was being removed. The next morning I was in a fever, and my father and the servants, and the doctor, too, said my ghost story was part of the fever. It was a year afterwards that they discovered under neath the flooring the body that led to the execution of Trenidegg, the murderer I' * Oh, how dreadful!' said SybiL Dick and the children were staring with all their eyes at Mr. Mansfield, who smiled and nodded at them as if he had only related a fairy tale from Grimm,. There was surely a Mephistophelean touch in his composition. He looked as if he enjoyed the terror which he had set up in the minds of the little ones. ? . . .. _. * Tell us another,' said Dick, almost in a whisper. ' No, don't,' said his youngest Bister, creeping close to her father asd staring at Mansfield, ' Yes, yes,' said a little curly-headed fellow, in a small frightened voice. 'No, I think Mr. Mansfield's short but startling story will do to finish with. It was only fun you know. Mrs. Dudley's was the true story,' said Mr. Clayton; * and now all good children go to bed, do they not, Ella ?' 'Yes,' said Ella. 'But not until we have sung the evening hymn,' said Dick, who did. not care so much about the hymn as for the excuse it gave for sitting up a little longer. Ella sat down at the piano, and the hymn was duly sung. Geoffrey Mansfield did not bend his head, and creep out of the place, as Mephistopheles does under sacred in fluences in the opera. . On the contrary, he raised his voice with the reat,and could be heard to far better advantage than even George Dudley, who was reckoned to have a good voice for choral singing. But gome how Mansfield outshone George in every thing that was said or done. When the subject of patents and inventions came np, after the children had retired, Sybil did not fail to notice that even. here the stranger talked better than George. : If Mansfield had possessed the magic of Mephista, he could not have more com pletely captured the н of SybiL He was bold, romantic, had seen life in all its phases. : She pictured. , him as a second Alraschid, studying thegreat city incognito; but she never thought -a him. for a moment |n the character of that other creation of fiction whom I have ventured to fecalL Nor had she any i«a8on tt- do so; nor had X, for that matter, except that it struck me as a trifle devilish for a man to seem to enjoy the fright into which he had flung the children with his shorfctnfc; horrible story. It: was not the mere story itself but the grimly dramatic ; way in wh1ch- he suggested the jcwj light, tha ^i^Uy wi^^andth^opld, damp, deathly, and paralysing hand. Was ihe«fiect of it m Mr^O*NeinTs mind when he Intercepted « tom^pt T)ti3iBfi ta 9ak if Mans1feld«ver«caJeaf ' ':' '^^'sai^afepfip^ : v .. :',* :?':?'? .-'. ,. *Wa^«B?i|^^f^ ?v?:*;'^. ????:.-,. .?^?-1-..\ ? - '?* ?Keveii','-^ ???i%-:AllXU-i:y*. - .=. ' ;. ?? ' *Then ye're the«oii^of modesty.* acted? Wei!, #i &« W«iitofieB. '.' ? . . -?'*..' '-':''i~.~ ?;.'-'??.. ?.»-.????.'?????'?.?'.??'*.? '? '? ???$ . ,' ?? V' ;?'' ?','.?'*»'? i- '-? ;.?-:.'- '?'?.'- :? -.' denial. . I should say- you hadr the. talent of, a Garrick.* .-; Mansfield smiled, said Mr. CNeill CtoM turn a compliment with .a., tonch that Was worthy of the most renowned of his famous ancestors, whioh delighted.O'Nfeill. When at last the ladies .withdrew- and ' night-capS* and cigars were . setTOd in the library for the gentlemen, Ge&firey; Mans field 'put so much expression mto his pres snre of Sybil's hand as they said good night, that she felt the blood .rush into her face, and her heart seemed to stand stilL 'Good night and good bye, Mias O'Neill,' he said. * It may be a long 'time before5- 1 see you again. I shall be on my way to London when you are asleep.. * Indeed,* she said, letting hei? great blue eyes rest on his. ' What, time then ,do yoa start ?*-?'? *'- ' i- -? ??'?--*? '?? '?' - f Six ©'clock — an; unoonscionable hour, but , as Mr. Clayton pripBaicaUy puteit, business is business,' and I -muSfc be in town' at ten.' 'Good bye,' sh-e said «oftly. ' Good-bye,* he rejoined, .with that particular pressure of the hand which I have mentioned, and which Sybil cherished with a strange sense of mingled Joy and fear. ~r ! - . ? ^ ~t (.TO BE CONTINTJED.) 