A Summer Flower. by m. c. " If you please, are you the gentleman who writes for the theatres ?" said a girl, of some thirteen years, folded in an old. threads- bare shawl, her yellow liair half hidden under a hideous bonnet, from beneath which peered great brown eyas, a world too big for the small, pinched face. I have always had a weakness for brown eyes, and these were swimming in tears. "Yes, t am the- gentleman who writes for the theatres," replied I, in utmost amaze, looking down on the scrap of humanity who had been rapping at my chamber door for Some moments, whom I now admitted. " May I ask yon -what yon want ?" I said, banding her achair ; an J from under lier shawl she pro duced a brown-paper parcel, which I knew by instinct contained MSS. " We are very poor, papa and.I," said the mite, wiping a few rain-drops from the brown paper; "papa writes beautifully, but no-one will read what he docs write; we see your name in the papers, and papa thinks you might perhaps buy his play, or ask -one of your managers to do it." . " My dear child, said I, why did not your father come himself to me." " He was too much afraid," she replied., with the simplicity which seemed her charac teristic ; then she laid the parcel on the table, with a very wistful glance from her big eyes. I cut the string and glanced at the MSS. — a tragedy in five acts. The glance of a pro fessional eye can sometimes gauge the merit of a production ; and almost without reading a page I saw that this tragedy was as heavy as lead, hopelessly dull, painfully tedious. But 1 could not say so to that elfin child, with the pathetic, patient eyes, with the arms thin as the stem of my meerschaum and the hun gry face. I felt rather curious to see the man who had not courage to offer his play in person ; being accustomod to so much of the other thing, I had almost ceased to believe in the existence of a bashful, timid amateur. I offered my visitor some coffee and cake > which, after a little hesitation, she took, and I then proposed returning with her, to see her father himself. She colored slightly, looking round my room and then at myself, without answering for sometime, and then with a kind of effort agreed to the proposal. I thought that though George Leslie— that was the name of the MSS. had no 'dramatic power, I might be able to assist liim in some other way. ' v The little girl- finished her meal, , thanked me in, a graceful, simple way, and then put \- her small hand in mine, to iead me to ber home. There was perfect confidence, com plete trust in the action, and it went home to my heart ; one likes to be trusted, even when time has made one cease to trust. . 'Wo went through wet and sloppy streets, past bright. shops and lighted. halls, down dis-r mal alleys, to a wretched slum ; I had been there before professionally ; it was a miser able place, and I .was saddened to think of the child living there. " You did not always live here, did you?" Tasked. "Not always," she replied ; only after papa got very poor." ' ' She led the' way now, I saying to myself— . " My hope, my trust, my heaven must be, My gentle guide, in following thee." - My gentle guide led me up some dark and noisome stairs, pausing before a closed door, , which she quietly- opened. The room-beyond was in semi-darkness ; the. ghost of a fire alone . saved it from total obscurity; dimly I coiild make "out some fragments of furniture, and a dark heap in a distant corner ; silence " everywhere .; solemn hush. v, , . . \ . " Papa must be asleep," sai l Jeanie, in aN soft whisper ; " wait one moment, please, and I will get. a light." > . . To this day I know not what it was that impelled me to bold the child back, and pre vent her. going farther. - - : ' ,- : - - "No my dear," I said ; wait there a moment and 'twill find, a light." - r She obeyed in silence ;T stepped forward arid, struck a match, igniting a half burnt candle; llien I. advanced to the dark heap— a miserable bed, an 1 a man stretched upon it de-vd. It was a ghastly sight ; one of . the most ghastly I " over lookixbon. I had just time to draw tlic tattered coverlet over it( and then: Jeanie was at my side. ; "Isn't he there?" she asked, quickly '« then he will be at the Bunch of Keys, sir. I_I— am sorry— you would have helped him—" 'V;..; ' " Don't cry," says I, faking her hand. Listen Jeanie ; have yon any friend here, any neighbour with whom you can stay until I come for you?" > . ; " There is Mrs. Bain,'" she replied; looking at mc witlrsnrprised eyes. " Will you— are you going to find.papa?" . I bent my head silently, and then we went together to Mrs. Bain's a poor neighbor, in whose charge I left the child, and then hastened off to the first policeman, to whom I imparted my discovery. Leslie was quite dead, dying by his own hand. Ha had sent his daughter to me on a hopeless errand, simply to have lier out of the way whilst he destroyed himself. A letter lying on the table told much of his history. . He was a gentleman's son, ruined by dissi pation and extravagance ; he had been fight ing starvation and poverty until conquered by despair ; he had no friends, no relatives, no money ; his parting prayer wasthat his child might not be sent to the workhouse. It was pathetically worded, as the last epistles of suicides often are ; but it was not the letter that made' my eyes dim, but the thought of the mild, patient child waiting for a father who would never come. I took upon myself 'the task of breaking the terrible tidings to her, though I would almost rather . have jumped into the Thames. She did not cry or weep, or indeed utter a word ; in her quiet and silence there wqs something appal ling to me, 9 There was an inquest, and a merciful ver dict of suicide during temporary insanity. Then arose a discussion as to what should be done with Jeanie, and a talk of handing her over to the parish. Here I interposed, offer ing to provide ber with home and education. After many questions, apparently endless trouble, after proving I bad some claim to respectability and was less black than ! looked, my offer was accepted, and Jeanie was handed over to me, still in the old shawl and monster bonnet. She asked.no questions with her lips ; but the large brown eyes were filled with enquiry. She was too quiet ; in in a child of her years that calm was un natural. I had told ber story to my good friend, Mrs. Frank Lovelash, better known by her stage name to the public, and that best of women had promised to help mo in the fulfil ment of my self-imposed duty. We bad deci ded to send Jeanie to school until she could choose ber own path in life. In those kind and womanly hands I left the waif who had : never known a mother's care, and in these tender arms the child cried herself to sleep. I think my friend appeared as an angel from heaven to her — the seeds of kindness scattered on Jeanie's path had been few and far be tween. It was five years before I saw my protegee again after her departure for school. Every quarter 1 received a letter from ber, written in a large round hand that reminded me in some odd way.of her eyes. Time and fate took me abroad, to travel in Australia and through the States, so that, as I said, five years passed without my seeing her. At length, I returned to dear, dingy Lorn- don, weary of travel, glad to be again in the old rooms, and among the old familiar faces, to slip back to the old way of life. One night, a wet and windy night, I was sitting, writing in comfort, when I beard a tap at the (joor, . jusfcsuchas I hatlheardfive years ago ; all that, past night came back upon me with almost startling vividness. Springing up I opened the door, fully prepared to see a shabby shawl, an old bonnet, and the great eyes of Jcauic, the waif. - Jeanie it was, but Jeanie. with eighteen ycais of grace and girash loveliness — Jeanie sweet as a rose and fan- as a lily, coming m like sunshine . with both hands extended, and tears gliLtennir on berlong lashes. I was suddenly conscious of mv years, of the fact that iny youth had passed from the things that are to those tliac. were. I do not remember our first wordgjbut I recollect per fectly thinking that the child still. lived in the woman. , _ . "Yoii have left school, of course?1 I said. " Oh, yes, guardian, two yeais ago. I have been stnying\yithMrs. -Lovelash. ever since, studying hard." " For what a Doctor's diploma?" " Oh, . no ; Tor the staec," she replied, smiling- v-- " Arc you strong enough?!' I asked, fop she looked Jrail as a rose-leaf, " I am very strong. I didn't Tell von any- , thing about this in my letters because I wished to surprise you ; but— but on Monday I make my debut as Juliet at the Royalty.!' , . \- Bravo, Jeanie ! 1 shall be there to coh- gratulnt'e ydu. -Who. is thcTtonieb, my chiid? ' " Mr., Frank Milton, " she replied. " And thc Romcb of real life." ' , She blushed : from brow lo chin, and trembled; . , . - - ' " I donlt know," she said falteringly ; and seeing that" something, distrassecT'ber, I spoke of something else.. You must have studied bard indeed, Jeanie.'" ' ' " I did, because! wanted you to be pleased." " I am pleased," said F : and Jeanie colored j again. '.; We went out together to Mrs. Lovclash's and talked of old times till the small hours ' —that is, wc did— Jeanie was shy and silent. Duriug the days proceeding that one chosen for ber debut, 1 saw much of iier, finding lier exterior graces but the index, to her mind. Bat I trembled for her : she was as fair as a flower, but almost as fragile. _ The eventful nigbtcarae. Mncli interest was being taken in the production of the tragedy," and the Royalty was crammed from floor "to ceiling ; the best actors and actresses of the day formed the coinpany,and the setting was worthy the Lyceum in these times 1 had a place in the stalls, and thence saw Juliet enter, blushing like a rose. She was naturally nervous but her graceful timidity suited the part, and by degrees she gained confidence and self-possession. Once ber brown eyes met mine, and after that her act-: ing was all that could be desired ; the sight of a friend seemed to stimulate her. Handsome Frank Milton looked like Romeo, and lived, not acted the part. I went behind the scenes after. " the balcony " was ended, whilst the lious&'was yet ringing with ap plause, and Romeo and Juliet bent again and again before a charmed auidence. The, curtain was held aside and the two came back together.' I stepped forward to congratulate Jeanie with Mi's. Lovelasli, the lady Capulet of the cast, and her' pallor startled me. Frank was flushed with triumph, she deathly white. She looked at me with a strangely mournful expression, essayed to smile, and then staggered, as a stream of blood'trickled between her lips. I caught hhr in my arms as she fell, 'her sweet eyes holding mine as by a charm. " My love— my love.?". I cried, guessing her secret too late, heedless of all who stood about us. Too late— for the tragedy was ended. My Julietjvas dead 1 Lawyers are the most stupid fools living — when they want to be. Satire is a youtil, vigorous captivating and merry ; yet there is depth to his soul. Under his seeming light heartedness .there is mastery. He is a brave and courteous knight, who, with the unerring aim of his sword, strikes off the heads of extremes. Cabinet Salaries in England. — The salqjBes attached to the offices held by Cabi net Alinistersmeed revision. The amount is a matter of haphazard, and is in no way de pendent upnn the importance of the office. The. Chancellor of the Exchequer and_ tbe Secretaries .of State receive £5000 per an num >. the president of the Board of Trade and of the Local Government Board, and the Scottish. Secretary, who. although provided with a seal of office, is not a Secretary of State; receives only £2000 per annum. The result of this has been an ignoble struggle among-seve- ral of the eminent statesmen who form the . Cabinet to secure the best paid officers, irre spective of their fitness for them. If a Cabi net Minister of the intelligence and position oE Mr. Chamberlain can be got for £20,00, there seems no reason why the taxpayers should be called, upon to pay any Cabinet minister more than this-willi the exception, perhaps, -of the Prime Minister. I am surprised that ..so eminent an economist as Mr. Gladstone has not already perceived this and acted upon it; all the more as he was with difficulty induced to give up a proposal to cut down the salaries oi some of the'minor parliamentary official fry —notably those of the Secretaries of the Board of Trade and of the Local Government- Board. If anyone will tell me why Mr. Chamberlain is worth. only £2000, and Lord Kimberlev, Lord Granville, Sir William Har- cotirt, Mr. Cliildcrs,- and Mr. Campbell-Ban- ncrman, £5000 . each, he. will enlighten me upon a point in regard to' which I., like most others, am in the dark.— -London Trutli. broiled mackerel. Freshen by soaking in water over night. In the morning dry it and cut off the head and tip of tail, place it. between the bars of a but tered fish gridiron and broil toaJigbt brown ; lay it on a hot dish and dress with a; little butter and pepper. . A , Small Affair in Ubah-— The testi" mony oE a woman before a Salt Lake court the other day in a polygamy case was. in sub stance, that " She didn't- know whether her husband had another wife "or riot ; it was not \- of sufficient importance to talk about, " Advice.— Man gives .advice; fts a doctor gives phyricV-not because he has taken it; himself, but as an experiment. . The humble and contented man pleases , himself innocently and.casily, while the am- bitious man attemps to please others sinfully - ; and difficulty. ' . . . : No order aftef all.— Letv ,Cqmpbell is a smart traveller: who handles' baking, powder down South. - Not long ago. be went into a local-option town,- arid the- first dealer hebiet . came back to bim. . "'Did you knowTve vyere only "recognizing local-option " men - now ? " . asked The mer chant. : " No, I didn't know,'' answered Lew with a conciliatory smiie. T - ;s ; " Well, wc are, and -before I look at your samples I want to know if yoii ,are an advo cate of law "and order." - " OE course I am," said Lew, with emphasis ; " I don't care. about the law, but y"on can bet I'm in for an order every time." He didn't get it. ' ' Taste inDress. — The'woman whose aim is to "dress" needs four things:— A certain amount of money, to know where to buy, and wbat suits her. You may be well dressed, . in so far as that you may wear what is in ' good taste and becoming, without a vast ont- ; lay; but to make a dress a study, and to be noted for good dressing, demands the spend ing of money. What is worth doing at all;i3 . worth doing well, and to make a dress a doiriinant idea, and to fail therein is deplor- . able. Yet, where one woman succeeds twenty, do not. Look about at our fashionable resorts and see, with'all the sums of money spent, how few there are who present a pleasing picture, ' . A New Material for Bonnets — The newest thing for bonhcts is corallleaf brought from the Bahamas. It was recommended by the English Consul at the Bahamas. The leaf dyes well, and when artistically used makes a -bonnet to llie e3'e of connissenrs a perfect poem in the way of headress. It can bo made white and pink; and in black is lighter than jet. t ; 