An Unmasked Card-Sharper. Trm STOnT OF A TOUNeG OI WHO WAS DETETEIED OOATINO AT A OLUO. TncE were discussing the latest scandal. A' young man of good connections had been sgnominiously expelled from a club. Playing in collusion with a professional gambler, he had cheated at cards, and in a few months had, won a considerable sum. "And has he killed himself?" asked some one. "Bah I" replied another. " Do men kill themselves for so little nowadays? It was dii. rent in the good old times." ! In the good old times, as you call them," said old General Roy, " those who adopted the card-sharper's profession killed themselves no more than do those of the present time. A few exceptions there may have been among those who were detected at the outset. But if the first attempt succeeded, they did as they do today, they quickly aoccustom themselves to their degradation. Ah, it is so easy I When respect for his own good name will not restrain a man at the first step, it is entirely dead within him, and even a scandal will not revive it. By the way, I can tell you of a curious case in point, where the hero blew out his brains, but it was not suicide. No, strange as it may sound, it was not a suicide. Listen: " It was some fifty years ago. 'The press of that time was not the terrible gossip that it is to-day, and sensatianal news never passed certain bounds, There were not fewer scan. dalse, but the scandals were less known. In fact, I think there was rather more. Not that we were more virtuous, but the fear of pub. lioity is certainly a great cheek. " Among the elegant young fellows, the gilded youth of those days, who furnished the greater part of the scandalous gossip by their eccentricities and duels, was a young gentle. man attached to the king's household. I shall call him the vicomte Ioland. 'The name eas an illustrious one; in fact, the vecomte was the fruit of one of those mixed marinages introduced by Napoleon I. Gene. ral Comte Boland, whose heavy cavalry charges are matters of history, had married the daughter of the Iarquis do Bransao, a member of one of the wealthiest and most powerful families of France. His son was then about twenty.six years of age. He had not the robust, plebeian beauty of his father, who had been one of the handsomest men in the army.' He was rather the delicate and distloguished grace of his mother, whose idol be was. Having loved her husband pas. 1ioatoly, the countess was now wrapped up in her son. "The extravagant life led by the son' had caused a quarrel between the parents. The countess lived in the Braneso HEtel, one of the finest in .the Fatibourg Saint Germain, while the general, secluding himseel in a little ehateau in the forest of S6nart, passed his time in the pleasures of the chase. _ They sany he had ill treated his wile, but it was' utterly untrue. The fact is that there had been between thie general and hie wife two terrible scenes. ' The first was caused by an idea which' took possession of the countoess. She found this name ' Roland' too plebeiaun fr her eon, and tormented her husband to obtain the. king'ecuthority to add to it that of Da Branone. The general energetioally' refused. "' My name has sulficed for me,' said he, Sfor me who have made it famous. It will do for thiseflno gentlemen, my son, If he does not find it brilliant enough, let him try to add to its lustre.'- ' , " The second scene was brought about by the viaomte abducting a'ballot dancer, and by a duel and a debt which were the consequences of this little affair. The general brought the son before hise mothier and roughly reproved him for his folly. Instead of supporting her husband, the countess made excsees for her son. Women always are indulgent toward the man in a love iserape. . "As the general told his son that hisfoir tune was notsuflloieht.-to maintain such scandalous absurdities,' the -coutess un-o happily interjected: . . - " Oh, the fortunse of the Do Bransace will amply aullica for him. " She had not calculated the effect of her speechb. An hour later the general left the hotel and went to his chateau; at the end of a week the family notary informed the countess than her entire personal fortune was at her disposal. The separation was complete, and the general lived alone on the fifteon thousand trancs which constituted the revenue he received from his own fortune. " The eon made ducks and drakes of her fortune. At the end of six months the coun toes was hall ruined, and the energy of the notary alone saved her from her son a extra. vagances. "All at once it became known that the vicomte Roland no longer belonged to the king's household, and that he had handed in his resignation as lieutenant in a cavalry re giment. That is what was 'given out, but rumours of a different character were afloat. The countess no longer appeared in public, but confined herself to her hotel. In a fow weeks she seemed ten years older. .' The viaomte, after a voyage of some weeks in Italy, returned to Paris; took apart.' mente in the Rnne de la Ohas6dbe d'Antin, and lived the life of an idler on the pension of a thousand francs a month allowed him by his mtlier. It would be little to-day; but at that time it enabled-a man to make a figure in the fashionable world. He passed his time between love adventures, the theatres, and the green table. Then little by little his elegance and his eccentricities began to be talked about. Olubs were. not as plentiful as they are now, but the gilded youth and the gamesters had a few of them where lovers of tihe green cloth could amuse themselves. "One evening when the Vicomte Roland, aiter having won a considerable sum from one of his friends, offered him his revenge, via opponent rose, and-pushing away the Jards, looked at him in a singular manner. S".' Well, no, Roland,' said'he; ' what with your luck with, women and your luck with cards, you have too much luck for one man.'. "Roland, though somewhat cholerio, de. manded no explanation, and contented him. self with laughing. "Some days after, the Prefect of Police announced himself to the general at .his chateau.: ?-What'passed :between them-I- do, not know. All that is known of the affail is that they returned together to Paris. . " At eleven o'clock of the evening following that interview, the vicomte wam seated at a table playing oertd. .He had just won ten euccesonves games from an'Englishman, who, passing through Paris on his way home, had been introduced at the club by one of the members. Roland had a considerable sum before him. The loser had just rsen, and before leaving the table. had bowed thrice, when an elderly gentleman approached the table., "' Will the Vicomte Roland permit mo to ltke the gentleman's revenge?' - "The young man paled.. It was his father.. "' As you are a bold player, I offer you a' bold game. It will be useless for you to say that it is too high. Read.' And the general handed him a note folded twice., "The vicomte glanced over it, and shud. 'lered vieibly.? "'Do you accept ?'. ' "He bowed. The general seated himself opposite his son, out a king, and dealt the cards. He won the first hand. When it was the vicomte's deal he trembled slightly, and a strange light shone in his eyes; nevertheless, he played on. The general won again, "The vioomte rose, pale as a ghost, and in. a smothered voice said : "'In an .hour, sir, I shall have 'acquitted myself." "He left the room without another word. "On the following morning the guardians of the Bois de Boulogne brought in the body of the Vicomte Roland. His head was blown to pieces, his hand still grasping the' pistol. In a portfolio was found an unsigned scrap of paper, on which were the words : The loser tolll bloew out his brains, "The pretended Englishman was an acom plished card-sharper, sent .by the Prbleet of Police. The three bowa had been the sign agreed.upon between him and the general to indicate that the vioomto had cheated, "The game was one-for life and death between father and son. Both weie die. honored-the son by his own act, the lather by the son's. But this dishonour. was a secret, which threatened to become an open shame. Death could stlle it-the son's death or the father's,.for the stern old soldier would himeelf have disgraced his 'eon had that son', not kept their pact. The price of the general's secrecy was his eon's lifo."-Translated from the French of Edouard Slebecker. 