lllppings. A tneAwon discovery has boon mado, teitdit' sitgulna' luroutustanees, in Glns. ton 1ill 1, Iuthtud, w'hloh iat Ithe rept, tation of being halunted, It alppdars that a ttutnibot of.boys froum tpi lltnil School wont to slasotoen t{tll, "ioiv they mot a man namod James Liquor ish, who, while taking a walkl, had 'also wandered near the old hall, .They all entered the ruinous building through one of the windows, The lade, in the course of their visit, asked to be shown the "haunted" room, where it is re. ported that ghosts appear at times, The question had hardly been asked when one of the youths touohed his companions, who weore all seizod' with terror,. and. fled frdm .the building, makuing their way as fast as possible back to Uppinlghan, Mr. Liquorisih, on looking round to discover the cause of the fright of the boys, 'was shooked to ste a body hanglig by the 'neck from the lintel of a door, while on theo'drior itself wns hung aI manl hat, Mr. Llquorish' qloley'16ft thli' building, but rettuiicod wilth soveral" other persons, The' liuly iVns then out dolii; and was ifterw\ards Identlfioedas that of William Ohurolh, aegd 00 whio had boon missing for ouerly nI ooi, Tt'is presunmed that the old-man went to tliohruins and cmn, mitted ge~iojp du ll tetylp imbN aof the by; wlohl weoe inutllnted, 'ind hoon gnaw'odlby thl'nts ufnd bats with whlich t~O 'nailr i nboul d, . THE present conditipn of -tlie Patont Law in New South Wales reflects any thing but credit upon the intelligence and liberal spirit of the people and egislaturoe ofithe mother"'colony of the graqt Australian group. While other countries endeavour to encourage and foster 'the' inventive powdrs of their in habitants, or to grant facilities for others to, introduce for the benefit of the community the creations of their minds it is the custom with us to levy an impost on intellect. and skill almost prohibitive in its character. The fees which have now to be paid in this colony before a patent can be obtained a are positive and disgraceful tax upon genius.' In no other country in the world does such a state of things exist Here the fees amount to about £25, which sum is 'extorted from the poor inventor before he .is permitted to obtain the necessary protection for the fruits of his busy brain, and skilful hands. In the other Australian colo nies the fees vary from £2 2s to' £3 3s while in America, where it. is . the en lightened policy of the State to on courage genius and foster it, protection for patents can be obtained for a merely nominal sum, But'. what hope of a change for the better can be expected while we find a largo number of the chief officers of the public service have an established interest in. keeping. up the present exorbitant' and iniquitous cost to patentees ? The ret?irn laid on the table of the Assembly, on the mo. tion of Mr., Abigail, shows that the sum of £3380 was distributed in fees among several of the principal members of the Civil Service-men who were ahleady largely and handsomely paid from the public purse for the performance of their duties, This sum. was positively wrung from the unfortunate persons who found it necessary to secure patents. We have no hesitation 'in 'saying that the return exhibits a state of things that is a 'positive disgrace to the country, to the Legislature, and to the Civil Service, With respect to the latter, the law allows them to fleece the inventor in the manner, disclosed, and the responsibility must rest there, It is hoped that 'public, attention to. the' matter has now been. thoroughly aroused, and .that the evil fame which now attaches to us with respect to patents and inventions will be quickly' removed by mians"of'.a liberal .amend nle t in the law,--Daily Telegraph.. ' :44N zx allow a child to, be frightened in an y way-especially never. allow frightful stories in the nursery. If 'by any chance' a child does get hold of some hobgoblin story, try by every means .to counteract its effects, Till one has 'watched them, one cannot realise how children think over, things, and how intensely real their imaginings ro td them, l'or this reason o:delie to be very careful, 'Never try to,lauli'i a child out of its fright;' that will only' make it feel out of .sympathy with you, and shut itself up and consequently to brood'over the thing more and more, Encourqge himn to pgal' ,of. his; fears, and to talk them over, patiently explain ing them` away.::oypr and: over: again, until hIsees that you fully understand his tropble, and are honest. in youre.x planation.- he Cross. AnonnisanoP I?trtAmY, describing com moinplace praohoerse said, "In their sermons they aim at nothing and hit." An. editor who was told: that his last artfole .W.s" as ;lear as imud, 1aid i Well, that covers the groaud, anyhow" Wi? 'ties three ,rords when one will express t .same , thing ? ' fay " quoter orihanobianoologopspality. sion," no ,' double clog danoing,"" SWaY is the' earth like a school blaok. board ?-Becais 'tlihb'ohildien of men multiply on th'ofade of it, y FiyI or six years of married life," remarks a veteran "'will often: reduce a naturally irascibleo' man to suoh i con. dition pof apglio l "hfitianity' that : it wouldn't be. safe to trunt hini ith a pitir of wings . A dotfhfia editori noticing the present of it C tilp'1d t 'idhitatit'r,~i saiys, "n e lbode 110 Olep. He can drink froei 'any vessel that contains liquor, whether the neook of i' bottle, the lmoeith of a pickle jar, the spikoeof a keg, or the' bung of a barrel," Tam'following modol statement of a ,professional appears on, the walls of a Montreal,hotel : W. ill, tonsorial art. ist, physiognomieal hair' dresser;', faoial operator, oranial manipulator, and capil. lary abridger;.. Hairoutting and shaivlng with ambidoxtrous facility,. . ' ATr a l'to, duelin lentutlky, the parties dlschargod their pistols ?ithout effect; whed'tUpon 'ifib eof the soobitds itdtrripti; sd, and proposed that the:bombatants should shake hands,.To tits the other second object6d as unnoccesary, ' Fpr,,'. said' he,' their hands have booen shailng this half-hour,'.' . A G'iuAuN test for watering milk con. sists in dipping a well-polished kuitting noodle into a deep voessol of milk= and thon' immindiaitely withdrwhins it 0I an uiprightt po1itp?, ,, ,,f tlio. milk is pure a drop of the fluid: will hang to the nooeedle but the additinti of even a small pro. portion of water will proyont the jlbltoaon 9 tlt lrop,, AT a fanoy dress ball in England a lady appeared as the Times newspaper, her dress (according to an English journal) being absolutely composed of that familiar journal. The kilted shirt of printed paper at a distance might have been of silk, and -the body and sleeves were equally unrecognisable un til nearly approached. The latest tele grams, scissors, pens, sealing-wax, and literary materials were disposed by way of ornament over this very extra ordinary dress. Comicality may be carried to any extent at a fancy ball, but as a rule there are but few girls who will sacrifice their own good looks and appearance for the sake of amusing others. Men are not so particular, and an animated red pillar post.box has been seen dancing with a case of bonbons, Tnouon :there are signs that the send ing of valentines is on the decrease, it may be interesting to record the few facts known as to the saint whose festi val was kept in February. He was a priest of Rome in the third century, and was put to death by order of the Em-. peror Claudius about 270 for denoun. cing Paganism. There is no circum stance in his history which has been handed down that explains the popular custom of the interchange of love mis. sives, and it is probable it had a Pagan origin. In the middle of February there was formerly observed at Rome the feast of the Lupercalia, kept in honour of Pan and Juno, and it was customary to put the names of young women in a box which were drawn by young men, and the custom gave rise not merely to harmless flirtations but to disgraceful orgies, against which the church protested. Even the Christian converts, however, being unwilling en tirely to abandon the old custom, it is said that the clergy, under' St, Valen tineo, instituted lotteries with the names of saints instead of young women on the tickets, and they became the patron saints of the young folk.. The drawing of valentines was an ancient custom in England, and is referred to by Chaucer and Shakespeare in later days. For. merly ladies appear to have given as well as received valentines. . AN English paper says :-" A decis. ion just promulgated by the Supreme Court of Germany evidences a compas. sion for spinsterhood, which will doubt. less be warmly appreciated in the cir cles chiefly concerned, It has been de cided that ifa bride has falsified her baptismal certificate with the simple in tention of deceiving the bridegroom, on his'requiring it for the purpose of the balhs,'as to her age, in order to assure marriage or happier nuptial intercourse, shle shall not be punished as for falsify. iing deeds, but.only for breach of the law concerningfalsification for the pur pose of advancement, This looks like putting a premium on thu marriage of elderly ladies, They must be sly dogs those German Judges," Adoon story comes from Wrights ville, 8.0,, and is thus told by the lRe oorder : - "A lady, whilst engaged in the pursuitofher domestic duties, en countered a touse in the flour barrel, Now most ladies; under simildi oiraium stances, would have uttered a few genno ins shrieks and then sought'safety in the garret; but this one possessed more than the ordinary 'degree of genuine courage. She summoned the man-ser vant and told him to got the gun, call the dog, and station himself at a con venient distance, Thon she clambered upstairs, and commenced to punch the flout barrel with a pole, Presently the mouse made its appearance, and started actoss the floor, The dog started at once in pursuit, The man fired, and tho dog dropped dead, The lady fainted, fell down the stairs, and the man, thinking she was killed, and fear ing that he would be arrested for mur der, disappeared, and has not been seen since. The mouse escaped," TIunn are some characters who poe. sees an inexpressible charm in their manners, a something which attracts our love ' instantaneously; without wealth, rank, or talents, still a dignity hovers round them, and ennobles every acotion, What is it ? How shall we define it? Simply thus: They have a freedom from selfishness by some extra. ordinary charter of nature, Let a' man have genius, rank, beauty, fame, and let him be selfish-what is he, with all those ondoetments, superior to a og with some gold bells tinkling at his noek ? Tnyr sat in' lover-like proximity at the starboard end of the sofa twittering sweet nothings that were carried up to the throne of love on platters of price. loess pearl by:"Oupids with irridescent wings that gleamed in the golden smile of Venus with drops of ambrosial dew, " That's a beautiful morceau, isn't it?" she, murmured, with boarding-sohool eestacy1 as 'she quoted s.omo gem of poetry, " Ah, yes," lie answered ; " i?ore so thni anything I've soon for soinme tll," Then a great horse. blanket of infinite 'silence fell upon them; Two young ladies entered a Chicago' 'cigar store and one of them said, timidly, "HlIave you any choice cigars, sir,? I want them for a present." " Oh yes, Misse," replied the tobacconist, " we have any choice you want, from a cent apiece up," " I think I will take some of the one.cent ones, then, if they are choies, I had no idea that choice cigars were so cheap, ,Won't Charlio be doe lighted ?" she said to her companion as they left the store, " Poor boy I He is so fond'of a choice oigar, and they will taste all the better," she added, with a little blush',' "'fo htvlns come froim 