TURF TOPICS AND AKTIGIPATIOriS. By AsMODKoua. Mr. Georgo Davis's proposal to increase tho minimum weight in handicaps from 6st. to 6 at. 7 lb. failed to arouse that degree of anima tion commensurato with the importance of the issuo nt stake, and although the members roll of tho V.R.C. contains over 900 names, only 54 persons turned up to record their votes on the subject at Menzics Hotel on Tuesday last. Tho perjouticl of tho assembly told plainly of a preponderance of tho 4t light weight" brigade, and tho fate of the resolution appeared sealed at the first counting of heads, tho llnal voting being 19 for and 35 against. Tho discussion was of a very lukowarm character, tho majo rity of those present having evidently come with the fixed intention of voting rather than to express their opinions pro or con. Weighty arguments avero adduced In favor of tho motiou, and supported by experienced turfites like Mr. Gcorgo Davis, Mr. Basil Gray, Mr. Jus. Patterson, Mr. S. Gardiner nnd Mr. A. F. Sul livan, all of whom spoke from an owner's point of view, lb was also stated that Messrs. W. Poarson and D. S. Wallace, who were unavoid ably absent, were in favor of tho motiou. The opinions of such thoroughly competent authori- ties wero or no avail, however, against the 6 st. division, who mustered in force and put forward Judge Quinlan and Mr. C. D. OTIallo- ran as their spokesmen. The arguments of these respective representatives of bench and bar wero such as would boexpocted to emanate from such a quarter, and wero more ingenious thau forcible, llis Honor importod into the debate, if such it can bo designated, a combi nation of sentimentality and turf reciprocity, advancing as his chief reason for objecting to tho proposed alteration tho alleged unfairness in differing from tho miuimum weight 111 force in tho adjoining colonic?. He maintained that there should be federation in sport as in every thing else, but tho application of tho much hackneyed federation plea docs not run smoothly beside tho present question, aud in liou of moro tonablo arguments his Honor was about to trot out the stereotyped views of Ad miral Rous on tho subject, when ho was ruled out ot order. Mr. O'Halloran had also to fall back ou tho Admiral and remarked that wo had Btill to learn from England, where tho miuimum is 5 St., 7 Ib. Mr. Basil Gray, who spoko both from tho pigskin and 06 an owner, was much moro to tho point in remarking that tho reduction oi the miui mum meant nothiug olse than tho reduction of racing, that vory fow 6 st. boys could bo found to rido a horso properly a distance of two miles, that tho establishment of a low minimum led to tho encouragement of short races, and that tho prevalence of short distance handicaps, with the concomitant of their rush aud get away at tho start, tended to destroy both the tempers of horses and men, and some owners had in conscquonco retired from tho turf in disgust. Practical illustrations of this kind and various other points advanced by tho up holders of tho 6 st. 7 lb standard proved of 110 avail in altering tho existing »vyu«v, and thoso who would have our turf graced by a higher class of horsos and hotter qualified jockeys than tho brainless pigmies now so frequently seen in tho saddle will have to remain content until sufficient public interest is worked up over the subject in order to havo it discussed by a moro representative gathering than that whioh determined matters on Tuesday last. Tho discussion of tho now rules and amend ments at the same meeting was of a very formal character, their adoption being moved in globo by Judge Quinlan, and passed into law without commont or opposition. Tho principal fcaturo of tho amended rules is tho allowance of 5 lb. to goldiugs, an innovation calculated to induco broedors to U60 tho knifo moro freely than of old, nnd thus rid tho country of a super fluity of may bo fashionably bred though worthless stallions, whoso pedigrees nro frequently tho only sets off for curbs, splints, spludleslianks, unsound feet, dofootiro wind pipes and other ills which liorsoflosh is heir to. Tho Williaui6town oxecutivo wero enabled to scoro another success on Saturday lost, when tho attendant circumstances wero of on excep tionally favorable order, tho woathor flno, tho attendance imposing, and tho racing enjoyable. Uovongo contributed to Panic's reputation as a eiro by avonging his Elstemwick Park defeat on Walhalla, and tho form was of soma ac count, seeing that performers liko Royal Maid, Mirth, Tantallser and General Jackson flnishod behind the pair. By winning tho Railway Stakes llouora gavo furthor proof of her ability ovor a five furlongs course with anything under 8 Bt. on her back, and there are few animals now on tho turf who aro more leniently treatod and pay their way hotter than does tho underrated daughter of ilawthorn- Ueu. A groat pot was made of Mustang, who had to put up with defeat by a nr.ck, albeit he managed to get up in advanco of the heavily supported Edith, who was conceding weight to everything opposed to her. Mabel Gray ngfiiti proved what a flyer she is foi half a mile, and tho liberal patronago bestowed on Cuba, Snip and Lcnore enablod tho mare's friends to obtain unusually good odds. Signal's first appearance in Mr. S. Miller's livery proved unsuccessful, notwith standing that tho betting operations pointed to a strong belief in his ability to aloao for the disappointment experienced with his stable compauion Tho Irishman over tho same course at the preceding meeting. The withdrawal of Tho Irishman was tho means of strengthening Signal's position, Tho favorite, however, was never roally dangerous, and a3 he hit a few of bis fences, ho became spun out when t e time arrived for a final effort. Havelock looked all over a winner until ho came to grief, whereupon tho issue was left to a pair of veteran porformors in Tandsticker and Fickle, Batty lauding tho former an easy winner at tho finish. Midnight appears to havo become demoralised since ho fought out such a desperate batllo with Signal at Elstemwick Park, for, following his indifferent display at Moonco Valley, ho resorted to moro dis creditable tactics, and repeatedly refused to fence. Tho followers of Mr. Whittingbam'a colors made a great demonstration in favor of Achmot for tho Epsom Handicap, but tho colt failed to obtain a place, tho winner turniug up in Honey Bee, who started second favorite, and was nicely handled by the rising light weight Gorry. Considering tho dangerous policy of publish ing tho handicaps prior to tho Williamstown de cisions being made known, tho acceptances for tho Wyndha n meeting are uncommonly good, and there is a fair promise of au interesting gathering this afternoon, when Mr. Wall can bo depended on to do his utmost to ensure tho success of affairs in general. Tho hut few meet ings have, for want ot support from owners of horses, shown signs of re trogression, but thanks to the increased patronage forthcoming on tho present oc casion, a revival of interest in tho Wyndham fixtures is promised, and it is to be hoped that no disappointment will ensue on this score. The provision of a 5 ib. penalty for winners has helped to counterbalance the prejudicial influ ence of the Williamstown running, and for this reason the openness of tho several contests is admirably preserved. As a rule it pays to fol low up horses who are in a winning vein, and on this pica I feel justified in selecting Revenge to open the ball with another wiu in the Hurdle Race, Waihaila and Joey being to my mind his most dangerous foes. For the Wyndham ITandicap Ilorioy Bee has only a pound moro, inclusive of penalty, to carry than tho weight sho .successfully negotiated at Williamstown ; but in additiou to tho distunco boing two furlongs longer the company will bo more select, hence I don't expect ber to repeat tho trick. I shall look to Tho Ghost to supply tho winner, and nominate Preston and Footman as emergency striug3. Ocista in her Queen's Birthday form would prove tho most difficult to dispose of amongst tho remaining candidates. In the Steeplechase, I expect to see the situa tions filled by Spangle, Tandsticker and Fickle, and if tlio Western district maro is as good as reported sho ought to scoio an easy victory, tho field opposed to her boing of very inferior calibre. Cuba reads a good thing for the Selling Handicap, aud, next to tho maro, I liko Esmond and Caulfiold, The Werribco Park Handicap appears to rest between Anarchy aud Violet, and should the Caulfield trained pair engage in a duel I would declaro myself on tho sido of the former, who is a bit of a daisy over six furlongs. Honora is tho pick of the othorg, Bcndlgo by Ben Battle — Hasty Girl, whom I selected on the strength of his consistent and brilliaut previous running (coupled with tho fact that Minting had entailed a 10 lb. penalty) as tho probablo winner of tho Eclipse Stakes, ran up to my expectation on the 23rd inst., and wou the -C10,CQO prizo as I had predicted. Although Mintiog's withdrawal hud uot been notified on this sido of the world at the time I made my selection, news of his defection was subsequently received, and as ho had boon well supported down to 2 to I it Is to be feared that something went wrong with tho Grand Prix winner at the eleventh hour. When the last mall left England there wero 40 horses left in liablo for tlio final 50 sovs. of their total sub scription of UO sovs. each, but no particulars aro yet to hand respecting tho number of starters. The winner, Bendigo, whoso sire and dam aro given abovo, isaG-year-old, and so far as I can ascertain did not run as a 2-year old. At 3 years, however, ho created ouo of tho sensations of thoyoar, winning tho Cambridge shire, for which he started at 50 to 1, aud boat ing, amongst 23 others, Mr. W. A. Long's Tonans, who ran second, aud Medicus, who started at 7 to 4 and ran third. From that time until tho next Newmarket October meet ing ho ran twico unplaced in handicaps, but in 1884 very nearly repeated his 3-year-old triumph by naming Florence to a head for tlio Cam bridgeshire, nearly spoiling Mr. Jack Hammond's big double, St. Gatiou (Florence's stable com panion) having wou the Cesarowitch earlier in tho month. It was, however, Bondigo's 5-ycar- old running that, in my opinion, showed him to bo as good a horse up to a certain distance as oven St Gatien, and satisfied mo that ho hold superior claims to anything engaged in tho big stake decided last week. Ho only started throo times at 5 years, with tho following rosults Won tho Lincolnshire Handicap, carrying 8 st. 5 lb. and beating a splendid field, including Macheath, Bird of Freedom, St Blaise, Bluo Grass, Sweetbread, Despair, MacMahon, Toast- master and several others, running the mile in 1 min. 36 4-5th sec. ; and subsequently won tho valuable Hardwlcko Stakos very easily by four lengths, his opponents ou this occasion not bo ing a remarkably strong lot. His crowning triumph, howorer, was in tho Cambridgoshiro of 1885, for which raco bo faced the startor for tho third time, having previously ran onco first and onco socondL As everybody knows, tho flying French filly, Plnisanterie, ran away with the race, but Bendigo (9 st. 81b.) ran second, defeating 25 others, including the mighty St. Gatien, who was only conceding him 2 lb., and who started a red hot favorite at 2 to I and finished fifth, the race being run in nearly 6 see. less timo than when Bendigo with G st. 10 lb. won it as a 3-yoar-oId. A careful study of this Gxcollont record enabled me to select at a single venture from amongst 40 candidates tho winner of the Eclipse Stakes of 1886. Archer rode him when ho ran second to Plaisanterie, and it is quite possiblo that he would again havo tho mount unless he pre ferred St. Gatien, of whom tho crack jockey was almost certain to havo tho first refusal. Did Archer elect to steer Mr, J. Hammond's, Snowden would probably bo the fortunate pilot of the first winner of tho Eclipse Stakes. The withdrawal of Minting, through an accident, was a sad blow to those who had supported the Two Thousand Guiueas and Grand Prix hero down to tho short price of 2 to 1. Lord Alington's Candlemas, a threo-year-old colt, and stablo companion to tho unbeaten Ormonde! secured tho 500 sovs. attached to second place, wbilo St. Gatien managed to save his stake of UO sovs. Tho fact of the last named playing second fiddle to a moderate performer liko Candlemas, provcs.him to havo lost much of his pristiuo greatness. Tlio ' Eclipso Stakes entailed a heavy responsibility on the shoulders of the Sandown Park executivo when tho sensa tional " ten thousand poundor " was first floated, but it is satisfactory to know that owners subscribed 560 sovs. in excess of the 10,610 sovs. distributed between first, second and third horses. According to the conditions of the race the surplus was to be devoted to a Consolation Stakes for the unplaced horses, or to be divided between tho second and third at tho discretion of the executive. As a second race would prove the more remunerative .to tho Kempton Park promoters, it is highly probable that the beaten division aro to bo treated to another go for tho 45 tailings." To sum up tho Grand Prix do Sandown, tho samo has proved a gigantic advertisement at the sole expanse of horso owners, tho majority of whom have had to pay so dearly for the experiment that it is doubtful whether they will care to participate in a repetition of tho luxury. I may remark that originally there were 265 subscribers to this colossal stake, of whom 48 paid tho full sweep of 110 sovs, , a similar number of whom paid 60 sovs., 66 of whom paid 30 sovs., aud the remainder, 103, paid the first forfeit oi 10 sovs. each. Geelong invariably sounds the warning note of each succeeding season, and this year the quiet going Pivotonians will participate in a repetition of tho privilege. Mr. Bond was well up to time with his budget of handicaps tor tho winter gathering in the region oi tho Barwon, and as the clans will not be summoned together until tho 7th proximo, ample timo will inter vene for a thorough digest of tho several items requiring attention. Duration is anything but crushed out of tho Hurdle Race at 12 st. 2 lb. ; in fact, so favorably treated is bo that I deem him capable of holding the majority of the can didates perfectly safe, his most dangerous opponent, in my opinion, being Orattnn, who encounters tho Hughenden horse on 5 lb. worse terms than when ho headed him homo iu tho Grand National. Tho contest would appear to rest between this pair, unless tho Dowling Forest faotion chooso to make a 6ign with Arganthone, who is expected to develop winning form sooner or later. "NVoro Middle- march in his old humor 8 st. 7 ib. would barely hinder hiin from making a determined effort to appropriate tho Railway Stakes, while Straight Shot . and Anarchy can bo depended on to show a bold front with 8 st. apiece. Stafford at his best would also prove troublesome at 7 st. 10 lb., but tho King ston nag appears to havo gone clean off ever since his unsuccessful trip to Ilawkesbury last autumn. Ho Is a wonderfully slippery cus tomer for five furlongs when in tho vein, and it is possiblo for him to regain his form as sud denly, though nono the less unexpectedly, as did his stable companion Meteor at Elstemwick Park. Violet and Edith must both bo given a chance at 7 st. 9 lb. and 7 st. 8 lb. respectively, and tho Tasmanian colt Kohai is well favored in being placed on the samo mark as a commoner like Belmont. When we call to mind that me ritorious victory of ker'ts in tho Elstemwick Park Handicap, First Pop is let down with marked leniency at 6 st, 12 lb., nnd St. Pan! at 3 lb. less is another nicely positioned candidate. Native, II st. 10 lb., ran such a great horso in the Grand National Steeplechase that he is again to be feared over tho big jumps even with an inereaso of 16 lb. to carry; si ill I question his ability to concede 10 lb. to Reticent, who fairly stands out as the prob able winner. In commencing with Grace Darl ing at 8 st. 12 lb., Mr. Bond has not hit on a very high maximum for the Winter Handicap, and wero Sardius himself I would doubt tho Caulfield maro to bo ablo to coucedo him a pound. Mozart is well treated at 8 st. 61bM provided ho can stay, and nothing has yet transpired to suggest a contrary opinion. Tho 6amo stable also holds a strong trump card in Moteor, who is well placed at 7 et. 10 lb. The other most advantageously positioned animals nro First Prince, 7 st. 6 lb. j Losbia, 7 st. 3 lb. ; Tho Poucll, 7 st. 1 lb. and Impulse, 6 st. 8 lb. Next week I shall deal moro definitely with tho separate events of tho Geelong meeting. Owners having horsos engaged aro reminded that tho acceptances requiro to be mado beforo four o'clock on Tuosday next, the 3rd proximo. Sir Modred, than whom a truer shaped thoroughbred uover loft these ahoro3, so favor ably impressed tho Americans that it is not surprising to know that their enterprise has led them to make auother valuable selection from amoncst our most promising young stallions, and that their latest capture is nono other than Darobin, a leviathan porformcr, and one ot tho grandest looking horse3 in this or any other country. Tho loss of a horso of Daroblu's type is bound to bo felt, and whilo wo regret tbo departure of tho colossal sou of Tho Poor and Lurline, admirers of tho thoroughbrod can re main content with tho fact that tho studs of the Pacific Slope are to be ornamented by an animal calculated to heighten the favorable opinion already formed of tho Australian race horse by foreigners in general. Darobin has been purchased on behalf of Mr. J. B. Haggin, tho well known Californian breeder, the prico paid being 1750 guineas. Tho Derby winnor of 1881 leaves at onco for his future home, and is destined to join Sir Modred, who was also pur chased by Mr. Haggin. The unprecedented success of the Melbourne Hunt Club's Winter Meeting, which was held on tho Queen's birthday, has not induced the committee to open either their hearts or their purso strings in tho formation of their Spring programme, published to-day, which is identical with that of last year. Respecting the M.H.O, Winter Meeting, I pointed out that while tho added money only totalled £535, tho Sydney' Turf Club wero holding a meeting at Rand- wick on tho same day, at which tho stakes wero subsidised to the- extent of £1520, tho sum of £500 being added to ono ovent alone. In the programmo published to day, tbo paltry Selling Raco of 5G 60V9. again appears at the top, followed by tha almost equally insignificant Hurdle Race of 75 sovs., and tho Hunt Club Cap of 100 sovs. Tha Ono Mile Handicap Flat Raco certainly haa again 200 so vs. added, thoSteeplccbaso has still the modest 110 sovs., and tho Sapling Stakes, the even less obtrusive little 50 sovs., making tho munificent total of 585 sovs. for what is no doubt expected to bo a big day at Flemingtom In these days of universal betting it i3 evident) that any advertised stake to be run within a reasonable distanco of Melbourne will attract! an entry, witness the recent caso of 54 owners! subscribing 82 sovs. for tho privilege of running for 50 at Elstemwick Park. But surely such an institution as tho Molbourno Hunt Club ought to be able to do the thing handsomely or not at all ; at any rate, it is not pleasant to know t'a;u, hunting has to depend upon racing for tho sinews of war, and after tho remarkabio success which attended the M.ILC. Winter Meeting, and tho comments then mado upon the meagreness of. the programme I am rather surprised at tho V.R.C. not stipulating for a little moro liberality before granting the uso of their course. Entries for the Hunt Club Cup and Flat Race close on Monday, tho 13th September, and tor tho Selling Race, Hurdle Race, Steeplechase and Sapling Stakes, a week later. Rosehill is to the fore with another present able bill of fare for Monday next, when tho popular suburban resort promises to find con tinued favor with the enthusiastic) racegoers of the sister colony. Some idea of Tho Agent's superiority over tho New South Wales hurdle-, racers may be gleaned from tho fact that ha ornaments tho Hurdle Race with the welter im post oi 13 st. 9 lb., and separated by 4 st. 9 lb. from tho minimum horse. Caloola is placed within 9 lb. of tho ex- Victoriau, who has beeu withdrawn, and as Mackay is only in receipt of a similar allowance from the last named he is harshly dealt with for a maiden performer over hurdles. Tho top weights are all so well looked after that it would not surpriso mo to see tho winner spring from amongst tho light brigade, ot which Tho Hatter aud Javelin are tho most dangerous repre sentatives. I shall look to Kangaroo or St. Dunstan to win tho Steeplechase, whilo Fnso or Wanda may turn up trumpa in tho Railway Stakes, and Lancer or Rifleman appropriate tho August Handicap. The Victoria Racing Club's annual general meeting will be held at Menzics' Hotel on lion- day next, tho 2nd August, at three o'clock, when tho balance sheet for tho past year will bo presented for adoption. Seven members of committee havo to be elected in pl&oe; of Messrs M. Leonrrl, M. O'Shanassy, R. Power, A. W. Robertson, II. Smith, J. Whittingham and D. S. Wallace, who retire after having served their terms c: office, but aro eligiblo for re election, nnd on the ballot papers Sir W. J, Clarke also appears as a candidate. Members ol the Y.R.C. aro reminded that none will bo allowed to voro but tlioso who havo paid their subscriptions for the ensuing season. I have been favored with tho financial state ment of the affairs of the Bendigo Jockey Club for tho past season, the samo being of a very satisfactory order Tho receipts from all sources aro much larger than those shown in any previous year, and havo fully justified tho action of the committee in framing their programmes upon liberal lines. Tho sum of £1735 has been paid over to winners ; debentures to tho value of £250 havo been retired, and fully £300 has b:cn expended in permanent improvements. Tho only liabili ties are current debentures (£230) aud a bank overdraft of £70 ; these sums beiug confidently expected to bo cleared off during tho coming year. Tho courso sub-committee are stii, activoly employed in carrying out further improvements, Tho wholo of the encloeuros have beoa top dressed, additional flower beds havo been laid out, a largo luncheon pavilion with tablos and seats for tho convcnior.co of members lias been erected, a kitchen for tho use of tho caterer has been built, and tho fencing and buildings are boing put in thorough repair and painted throughout. Tho president Mr. A. G. Wilson, presented the club with £25, to defray tho cost of the uew judge's box ; ancj Mr. Frank h. Cook has ordered from England, and will present tho club with, a large chrono graph to register tho official time oi the various races. During tho year tho owners of steeple chase horses made valuable suggestions for the improvement of tho steeplechase course, and the needed alterations havo becu carried out In a substantial manner. Tho following gentlemen retire from tho committee by expiration of timo: — Messrs. Carr, J. C. Wnlkor, T. Putnam, E. W. ICirby, J. G. Weddell, 5. G. Gadd and John Robertson. Entries, which will doubtless bo numerous, close on Monday next lor tho V.A.T.O. Grand National Steeplechase meeting, to bo held at Caulfield, on tho 21ot August. Tho cvonts re quiring attention are tho Sapling Stakes, olj 100 sovs., threo furlongs; Handicap Hurdle Raco, of 200 sovs., two miles j Selling Raco, of 100 sovs., lour and a half furlongs, and then the big event of the day, the Caulfield Grand Rational Stoopleohnse, of 350 60ts. added to a . sweepstake, about two miles and a half. An attractive programmo concludes with the Bala clava Stakes, a handicap of 100 sovs., seven furlongs. The owner of Game must have been more exercised in his mind lately on account of . politics than through anxiety respecting his favoritefs preparation for the Grand National. Twico havo 1 seen it announced that Mr. XiOughliu would go to the poll for the elling- ton Province, and twice that ho bad determined Hot to do so. The question, I believe, has been at last set at rest, as the owner of Sheet Anchor and Co. appears amongst the latest scratchings for the Parliamentary Stakes. An advertisement appears to-day concerning the Victoria Racing ciub'e seventeenth annual Sires' Produce Stakes, to be run at the Autumn meeting of 1890. Full particulars of the con ditions aro contained in the adYertisemeut, but it may bo as well to reiuiud studmasters that sires fnust bo nominated with the V.R.C., or A.J. C. secretaries before four p.m. on Mon day, the 13th September next, aud that each nomination must be accompanied by a promissory note for £20 made by the owner or his attorney, payable on the 1st February, 1890, to the order of the secretary of the Victoria Racing Club. The annual meeting of the Victorian Club is to be held on Tuesday, the 3rd prox. The busi ness includes the consideration of the report and balauco sheet, election of committee and auditors. The retiring members of the com mittee are Messrs. S. H. Cohen, H, Power, J. L. Purvos, C. D. O'Halloran end J. Wagner, of whom Messrs. Cohen and Wagner do not sick re-election. The Victorian Trotting Club's fourth Aus tralian Sires' Produce Stakes will be run at £ Elsternwick Park in the Spring of 1888. The nominators of the sires Honesty, Contractor, Vermont Junr., Von Moltke Juur., and Alarm have subscribed 25 soys. each to tho stake for which tho progenj of the above-named sires foaled in the season, 1885-86 must be named and described before Monday next to tho secre tary, Mr. T. Haydon, 100 Bourke-streot west. The sum of one sovereign must accompany each nomination. An important matter in connection with the Melbourne Cup requires attention on Monday next, the 2nd August, on which day owners wishing to withdraw without further payment must declare out not later than four p.m. When tho Wyndham acceptances were first made public it transpired that Wairarapa was accidentally omitted from both the Wyndham and Werriboe Park Handicaps, Stockham from the Steeplechase, and Mis6 Day and Musidora from the Hurdle Race. The formation of a tan gallop at Caulfield is an innovation well calculated to meet with the approval of trainers who patronise the head quarters of the V.A.T.C. After the racing at Williamstown on Satur day last Mustang, who ran Becond to Honora in the Railway Handicap, was matched to run Cuba half a mile at level weights for 100 soys. aside. The affair was fixed to take place on tho Fleminglon training track on the following Monday, but the respective owners thought better of the arrangement, and the match eventually fell through. Tho Steeplechaser Tandsticker was sold by Messrs. Campbell, Pratt and Co. on Wednesday to Mr. Miles for 40 guiucas. Mr. W. A. Long has withdrawn The Agent from the Rosehill Hurdle Race, for which event the little chestnut horse bad been penalised to the extent of 13 st. 9 lb. Racing men may be interested to know that a colt by Darebin, from tho imported mare , Stockdove,, has been placed in Mr. T. S. Clib- born's hands for private 6ale. At tho anuual meeting of tho Sydney Metro politan Tattersall's Club held on Monday it transpired that the profits for tho past year were £156 17s. 4d. It is announced that Mr. A. A. Dangar's stud lyjll shortly be submitted to auction in Sydney. A few interesting stud items are to hand from New Zealand. Nordenfeldt's dam, Onyx, is in foal to Ingomar, but the Stud Company have not been similarly fortunate with My Idea (dam of Nelson and Sylvia (dam of Martini- Henry), both marcs having missed to Leolinus. Trenton's dam, Frailty, Locket (dam of Neck lace and Thunderbolt), and Maid of Athol (dam of Sniderand Krupp) are all in foal to the de ceased Musket. From Sydney Corday's withdrawal from the Melbourne Cup is announced. Another item of intelligence from the same quarter is tho endorsement by the Australian Jockey Club- of tho six months' disqualification passed oil tho jockey Reynolds, by tho stewards of the Lower Hunter Turf Club. Mr. J. ICean's services as starter are being freely availed by tho provincial clubs in New South Wales, his latest oflicial appoiutment be ing to tbo Northern Jockey Club. Tho death is announced of Sunlight, who . gained considerable distinction as a handicap performer, amongst his triumphs being the Hawkesbury Handicap iu 187C. He was by Kelpio from Juanita. Our Sydney correspondent informs us that the Ngw Zealand racehorse Trenton has been purchased by Mr. W. Cooper, and has taken up his quarters at Zetland Lodge. Messrs. Campbell, Pratt and Co. announce their grand annual parade and sale of thorough bred, coaching, trotting, and Arab sires to take place on Monday next, the 2nd prox., at the Melbourne City Horso Bazaar, Elizabeth-street north. Atnongst tho lengthy list I notico the stock of Young Alonzo, Flying Perfection, San Josd Patchen, Argus Scandal, King of tho Ring and descendants of Tho Premier, Snowden, Boiardo, Touchstone, Kelpie and Don Giornnni, which is sufficient recommendation to those who study breeding. On Monday the firm also soil the who!© of Mr. Joel Horwood's celebrated stud of imported and colonic) bred Cleveiands, whoso qualities are known throughout the length and breadth of Australia. Tuesday will be devoted IP the sale of draught entires, and on Thurs- day there will bo a great sale of 200 Clydesdale marcs and fillies. It is specially announced that excursion railway tickets will be issued at alt country stations to persons travelling to tho parade. Messrs. W. C. Yuille and Co. hold their an nual parade aud sale of thoroughbred stock at their Newmarket sale yards on Wednesday next, the 4th prox., when stud masters aud intending breeders, however fastidious, should havo no difficulty in choosing from a list of sires con taining, amongst others, the names of Welcome Jack, the erstwhile New Zealand champion ; Oft Color, Guesswork, Reginald, Boswortb, Waterloo, Larpent, Bathurst and Atlantic. The catalogue will also include about 15 well bred mares, and tbo sale will doubtless attract the attention of the principal racing men in Aus tralia. . Over St. Gatien's victory at Ascot in tho Rous Memorial Stakes, Jtr. Hammond distributed, in proportionate amounts, a sum of money, consi derably over £100, amongst the lads iu James Wangh's stable ; and it is worthy of remark that Mr. Hammond's example has been followed by Mr. Martin Lougblin, who has caused £50 to bo divided amongst the boys in T. Wilson's stable, in recognition of Game's victory in the Grand National Steoplecbase. Although betting during the week has not been remarkably brisk. generally speaking, the ball has been fairly set rolling, several impor tant transactions having taken place, and from the present time up to November the metallic brethren will be hard at it. Tho most important straight out business has been done in connec tion with Silvorinine for the Caulfield Cup, for which race the son of Napoleon has been again heavily backed, and at tho present timo he bears the responsibility of not less than £20,000. Early in the week William Tell came into request for the Caulfield event- and was backed to win a few thousands at 100 to 3, the best price now obtainable about Silvcrmine, by the way being 100 to 6. An offer of 1000 to 40 against Merrimu led to business, and at 1C00 to 30 Ben Bolt was made the medium of some speculation. The most sensational wagoring of the week was in connection with Alalua, who notwithstanding his present association with stud duties has been backed to win tho Mel bourne Cup for a heap of money, several thousands having been accepted at 100 to 2 and smaller amounts at 100 to 3, at which .rice Commotion has met with support consequent upon the withdrawal of Mr. Pearson's other Cup candidates Opal and Black Snake. Trenton is as good a favorite has anything for the big Flomington event 1C00 to 40 having been taken five or six times. Offers of 1000 to 1 and 2 "the two Cups " are still forthcoming unless the same horse is wanted for both, and at this price all the money available has been taken in favor of Corouet for the Caulfield and Duration for the Melbourne Cup. Derby aud Cup doubles are quoted at 1000 to 4 and 5, Blairgowrie and Duration being backed for several thousands. For the Victoria Derby Trident is nominally the be9t straight out favorite 8 to 1 on tho field being the market price, but very little business has been done on this event, and none at all iu connection with the Maribyrnoug Plate. 