A GHosT STORY BY aLAK TVWAIN 'took a large room, far up Broadway, in a huge old building whose upper stories had been wholly unoccupied for years until I came. The place had long been given up to dust and cobwebs, to solitude and silence. I seemed groping among the tombs and in vading the privacy of the dead, that first gight I climbed up to my quarters. For the first time in my life a superstitious dread came over me; and as I turneda dark angle of the stairway and an invisible cob web swung its lazy woof in my face and clang there, I shuddered as one who had encountered a phantom.. I was glad enough when I reached my room and locked out the mould and the darkness. A cherry fire was burning in the grate,and I sat down before it with a com forting sense of relief. For two hours I sat there, thinking of bygone times; recalling old scenes, and summoning half forgotten faces out of the mists of the past ;listening, in fancy, to voices that long ago grew silent for alltime, and to once familiar songs that nobody sings now. And as my reverie softened down to a saddler and saddler pathos, the shrieking of the winds outside softened to a wail, the angry beating of the rain against the panes diminished to a tranquil patter, and one by one the noises in the street subsided, until the hurrying footsteps of the last belated straggler died away in the distance and left no sound behind. .The fire had burned low. A sense of loneliness crept over me. I arose and un dressed, moving on tip-toe about the room, doing stealthily what I had to do, as if I were environed with sleeping enemies whose slumbers it would be fatal to break. I got covered up in bed, and lay listening to the rain and'wind and the faint creaking of distant shutters till they lulled me to sleep. I slept.profoundly, but how long I do not know. All at once I found myself awake, and filled with a shuddering expec tancy. All was still. All but my own heart--I could hear it beat. Presently the bed clothes commenced to slip away slowly towards the foot of the bed, as if some one were pulling them! I could not stir; I could not speak. Still the blankets slipped deliberately away, till my breast was uncovered. Then with a great effort I seized them and drew them over my head. I waited, listened, waited. Once more that steady pull began, and once more I lay torpid for a century of dragging seconds, till my breast was naked again. At last I roused my energies and snatched the covers back to their place. and held them with a strong grip. I waited, By.and-bye I felt a faint tug, and took a fresh grip. The tug strengthened to a steady strain-it grew stronger and stronger. My hold parted, and for the third time the blankets slil' way. I groaned. An answering groan came from the foot of my bed ! Beaded drops of sweat stood upon my forehead. I was more dead than alive. Presently I heard a heavy footstep in myroom-the step of an elephant, it seemed to me-it was not like anything human. But it was moving from me-there was relief in that. I heard it approach the door-pass out without.moving bolt or lock-and wander away among the dismal corridors, straining the floors and joints till they creaked again as it passed-and then silence reigned once more. When my excitement had calmed, I said to myself, "this is a dream-simply a hideous dream." And so I lay thinking it over until I convinced myself that it tcas a dream, and then a comforting laugh relaxed my lips and I was happy again. I got up and struck a light; and when I found that the locks and bolts were just as I had left them, another soothing laugh welled in my heart, and rippled from my lips. I took my pipeand lit it, and was just sitting down before the fire, when- down went the pipe out of my nerveless fingers, the blood forsook my cheeks. and my placid breathing was cut short with a gasp ! In the ashes on the hearth, side by side with my own bare footprint, was another, so vast that in comparison mine was but an infant's! Then I had hlad a visitor, and the elephant tread was explained. I put out the light and returned to bed. palsied with fear. I lay a long time, peer ing into the darkness, and listening. Then I heard a grating noise overhead, like the dragging of a heavy body across the floor; then the throwing down of the body, and the shaking of my windows in response to the concussion. In distant parts of the building I heardthe muffled slamming of doors. I heard, at intervals, stealthy foot steps creeping in and out among the corri dors, and up and down the stairs. Some times these noises approached my door. hesitated, and went away again. I heard the clanking of chains faintly, in remote passages, and listened while the clanking grew nearer-while it wearily climbed the stairways. marking each move by the loose surplus of chain that fell with an accented rattle upon each succeeding step as the 1 goblin that bore it advanced. Iheard mut tered sentences; half-uttered screams that seemed smothered violently; audthe swish of invisible garments, the rush of invisible wings. Then I become conscious that my chamber was invaded-that I was not alone. I heard sighs andbreathings about my bed, and mysterious whisperings. Three little spheresof softphosphoreseentlightappeared on the ceiling directly over my head, clang and glowed there a moment, and then dropped-two of them upon my face and I one upon the pillow. They spattered, liquidly, and felt warm. Intuition told me they had turned to gouts of blood as they fell-I needed no lightto satisfy myself of that. Then I saw pallid faces dimly lumin none, and white uplifted hands, floating bodiless in the air,-floating a moment and then disappearing. The whispering ceased, and tlihbvoices and the sounds, and a solemn stillness followed. I waited, and listened. I felt that I must have light, or die. Iwas I weak with fear. I slowly raised myself toward a sitting posture, and my face came in contact with a clammy hand! All strength went from me, apparently, and I ' fell backlike a stricken invalid. Then I heard therustle of a garment-it seemed to a pass to the door and go out. f When everything was still once more, I a crept out of bed sick and feeble, and lit the gas with' hand that trembled asif it were aged with??l?udIdred years. The light brought some little cheer to my spirit. I I sat down and fell into a dreamy contempla- n tion of that great footprint in the ashes. t -By-and-bye its outiines began to waver and grow dim. I glanced up and the broad gas flame was slowly wilting away. In the same momentIheard that elephantine tread I again. I noted its approach, nearer and r nearer, along the musty hals, and dimmer and dimmer the light waned. The tread reached my very door and paused-the " light had dwindled to a sickly blue and all things about me lay in a spectral twilight. ' The door did not open, and yet I felt a faint a gnust of air fan my cheeks, and presently ws t conscious of a huge, cloudy presence before me. I watched it with fascinated eyes. A pale glow stole over the thing; gradually I its cloudy folds took shape-an arm ap- a peared, then legs, then a body, and last a tl great sad face looked out of the vaponr. Stripped of its filmy housings, naked, mus cular and comely, the majestic CardiffGiant ri loomed above m! 1 All my misery vanished-for a child p might know that no harm could come with that benignant countenance. My cheerful spirits returned at once, and in sympathy m with them the gas flamed up brightly again. tl Never a lonely olitcast was so glad to wel- I1 come compady as IjIvas to greet the friendly p giant. I soid, S"Why, is it nobody but you? Do you know, I have been seared to death for the last two-or three-:hors ? I am mbat n honestly tgladtsee you.. 'I wish I had a m chair--. Here, here, doni'ttr, tr sit down ill that thing !" But it was too late. He was in it before a I could stop him, and down. be went-I P never saw a chair shivered so in my liti. "Stop, stop, you'll ruin ev----" a Troo late, again. There was another crasb, and another chair was resolved into t~ origipal elements. a " Confound it, haven't you got any judg ment at all? Do you want to ruin all the furniture in the place? Here, here, you petrified fool -" But it was no use. Before I could arrest a him he had sat down on the bed, it was I a melancholy ruin. 1"Now what sort of a way is that to do ? First you come lumbering about the place bringing alegion of vagabond goblins along t with you to worry me to death, and then when I overlook an indelicacy of costume which would not be tolerated anywhere by c cultivated people except in a respectable theatre, and not even there if the nudity I were of your sex, you repay me by wreck I ing all the furniture you can find to sit down on. And why willyou ? Yon'damage yourself as much as you do me. You have broken off the end of your spinal column, and littered up the floor with chips off your hams till the place looks like a marble yard. You ought to be ashamed of your self- you are big enough to know better." " Well, I will not break any more furni tore. But what am I do to? I have not had a chance to sit down for a century." And the tears came into his eyes. " Poor devil," I said, " I should not have been so harsh with you. And you are an orphan, too, no doubt, But sit down on the floor here-nothing else can stand yeaour weight- and besides, we cannot be sociable with you away up there above me; I want you down where I can perch on this high counting-house stool and gossip with you face to face." So he sat down on the floor, andlit a pipe which I gave him, threw one of my red blankets over his shoulders, inverted my sitz-bath on his head, helmet fashion, and made himself picturesque and comfortable. Then he crossed his ancles. wbile renewed the fire, and exposed the flat, honey-combed bottoms of his prodigious feet to the'grate ful warmth; "- What is the matter with the bottom of your feet and the back of your legs, that they are gouged up so F" "Infernal chilblains-I caught them clear up to the back of my head, roosting out there under Newell's farm. But I love the place; I love it as one loves his old home. There is no peace for me like the peace I feel when I am there." We talked along for half an hour, and then I noticed that he looked tired, aid spoke of it. "Tired?" he said. "Well, I should think so. And now I will tell you all about it, since you have treated me so welL I am the spirit of the petrified man that lies across the street there in the Museum. I am the ghost of the Cardiff Giant. I can have no rest, no peace, till they have given that poor body burial again. Now what was the most natural thing for me to do, to make men satisfy this wish ? Terrify them into it !-haunt the place where the- body lay! So I haunted the museum night after night. 1 even got other spirits to help me. Bat it did no good, for nobody ever came to the museum at midnight. Then it occurred to me to come over the way and haunt this place a little. I felt that if I ever got a hearing I must succeed, for I had the most efficient company that perdition c ild fur nish. Night atter night we have shivered around through these mildewed halls, drag. ging chains, groaning, whispering, tramp ing up and down stairs, till to tell you the truth I am almost worn out. But when I saw a light in your room to-night I roused my energies again and went at it with a deal of the old freshness. But I am tired out-entirely fagged out. Give me, I be seech you, give me some hope !" I lit off my perch in a burst of excite ment, and exclaimed " This transcends everything ! every thing that ever did occur ! Why you poor blundering old fossil, you have had, all your trouble for nothing-you have been haunt ing a plaster cast of yourself-the real Car diff Giant is in Albany! Confound it don't you know your own remains?" * I never saw such an eloquent look of shame, of pitiable humiliation overspread a countenanse before. The Petrified Man rose slowly to his feet and said, " Honestly, is that true ?" "As true as I am sitting here." He took the pipe from his mouth and laid it on the mantle, then stood irresolute a moment, (unconsciously, from old habit, thrusting his hands where his pantaloon pockets should have been, and meditatively dropping his chin on his breast), and finally said, " Well-I never felt so absurd before. The Petrified Man has sold everybody else. and now the mean fraud has ended by sell ing its own ghost! My son, if there is any charity left in your heart for a poor friend less phantom like me, don't let this get out. Think how you would feel if you had made such an ass of yourself." " I heard his stately tramp die away, step by step down the stairs and out into the deserted street, and felt sorry that he was gone, poor fellow-and sorrier still that he had carried off my red blanket and my bath-tub. 