THE BRISBANE COURIER MONDAY, FEBRUARY 8, 1886, Political affairs in New South Wales at the present time appear to be more unsettled and more unsatisfactory in almost every respect than they have been for years, yet the necessity for firm and intelligent govern- ment is very pressing. Before the formation of the Stuart Administration, the colony ap- peared to be in a flourishing condition, but the prosperity was purely fictitious, So long as thousands of acres of country land were being sold annually, and the money so obtained was being treated as ordi- nary revenue, it was easy to keep up a large public expenditure without imposing additional taxation, and to set aside temporarily, by loans to finan- cial companies, the surplus accumulations. I But there were careful observers who did not hesitate to point out again and again that the system pursued was utterly indefensible, and that it must in the course of time come to an end, as the demand for land, and even the supply, had a measurable limit. But the public are generally satisfied with prosperity, and not too curious to know whether it is sound or not. There was plenty of employment for the working classes both in the town and country, and good wages prevailed ; the traders and otber men of business were doing well, and many of them were growing rich j was it any great wonder then that the voice of warning was unheeded, and that those who undoubtedly were de- riving substantial benefit from existing conditions were unwilling-if we may use a homely term-to quarrel with their bread and butter 1 Nobody denied that the posi- tion was a false one, but none wished to abandon their own advantage while it lasted. It is not improbable that the same happy go-lucky system would have prevailed longer had not other influences come into play. In the country districts, however, the manner in which the owners of large landed estates were continually adding to their possessions waa being watched by jealous eyes. There was not much, good feeling or confidence existing between the big and the little freeholders-between those who called themselves the landed gentry and the moro numerous but less wealthy class, which politicians love to speak of as the yeomanry of the colony. And the time bad come when it was recog- nised that there must be a struggle between these, that the lands of the State would have to be dealt with in a more equitable fashion, and their acquisition by the rich made more difficult. It was the strength of this movement which sent into Parliament men who were pledged to assist in repeal- ing the existing land Acts and in framing something quite different, and it was this which placed Sir Alexander Stuart .it the head of affairs and kept him there for a little space. But old parties were broken up ; the Parkes-Eobertson combination had already created a confusion in respect to them, and the general elections completed it. With the Stuart Government came the long- talked-of amendment of the land laws ; but while the sale of lands was greatly re- stricted public expenditure was not cur- tailed, and it became clear that there must soon be an end to the Fool's Paradise in which the people had been content to live so long. The bubble has completely burst now ; New South Wales is not pros- perous as she seemed to be, and the drought has helped to make things worse ; she has not a surplus any more, but on the contrary a very heavy deficit. The late Premier, Mr. Dibbs, is largely responsible for this, or is at least blamed for it, nor is he even personally popular, and the members of the present Opposition silently ignore his uninvited leadership. Old members, ex-Ministers, who have been out of the way of politics for a time, have been sent back from their banishment, but their names are not brought forward as those of men in whom the discontented have confidence. Sir Henry Parkes is waiting, but no party invites him to be a leader at least not yet:-and there are few mqn whose strongth is so generally acknowledged, but who, are so distrusted. In the new Parliament there are many new men who are opposed to Sir John Bobert son's rule, and perhaps their want of acquaintance with Parliamentary customs makes the compacting of an Opposition more difficult ; at any rate the Opposition, as such, is not compact, as is shown by the efforts which are being made to proclaim a leader. There was good reason, perhaps, for going to Mr. Abbott, for though he has not for very long occupied a very prominent position, lie has displayed a good deal of ability ; but surely when he declined, a more likely man than Mr. Lyne might have been selected. Personally, Mr. Lyne may be a gentleman against whom no word of reproach could be uttered, but he is almost unknown, and could not be expected to command the support of politicians who might bo his political fathers. The position of things at present is almost chaotic. On one aide are Hie Ministry, who may be desci ibed asconsisting only of a bend ; for, with the exception of Sir John Robert- son, they are unknown and untried men, who accepted their portfolios when they had been offered to and refused by others who had an acknowledged political position. Perhaps an exception should be made in Mr. Burns's case, as he is au old politician, and has twice held office before, without in any way distinguishing himself, however. Ou the other side is an Opposition, of whom it may be said they are a body without a head, and they are blindly feeling about in the hope of finding a leader who is a little les« blind than themselves. The Eobeilson Ministry seems to be doomed, ami dissolu- tion had even commenced before the Trea- surer could deliver his Financial Speech. But how are they to bo replaced 1 To an onlooker there appears to be no hope of a strong Ministry being formed by Mr. Lyno or any other political freshman, and (he only hope of substituting a strong ruler with fairly strong colleagues in the placo of the present team, is the selection of Sir Henry Parkes, who is biding his time, and proba bl v is expecting to bo asked to take -I ist the lead. If he wero not so much distrusted, there could b? no doubt whatever about the overthrow of Sir John's weak rule, and the formation of a new Ministry by him. To judge by present appearances, we Bhould say that, in spite of the isolated position which Sir Henry seems to occupy, tho chamces of his coming into power at no very distant date are greater than they have been for some time. To make a forecast under present conditions, however, is what »o one could venture upon with any cer- tainty. __________________ There are no two other countries in the world whose interests are so interwoven as are those of the British Empire and the United States. Speaking in the same tongue, acknowledging the same common law, owning the same traditions, their commercial exchange amounting annually to a quarter of a billion pounds ster- ling, the wide Atlantic only a ferriage, the Canadian Dominion bor- dering the Republic for 4000 miles, Aus- tralian and New Zealand ships frequenting the Golden Horn, as far as is possible with- out union the two great branches of the Anglo-Saxon tree are still one nation. There is more intercourse between Liver- pool and New York than there is be- tween London and every port of Hindostán, more journeying from Sydney to 'Frisco than from Adelaide to Cape Town; and yet there are only six crimes which these kindred peoples acknowledge as extraditable, over all other wickednesses diplomatic neglect has thrown the regis of the law. How vitally Australasia is interested is shown by the recent arrest of the St. Louis murderer, Maxwell, in Auckland, and the still more recent escape of a notorious bank defaulter from Victoria to California. It would not be long before even this Queensland of ours would feel the in- sufficiency of the present extradition treaty, covering only murder, attempted murder, piracy, arson, forgery, and the utterance of forged papers, and so we must rejoice in the success which at last bids fair to attend the efforts of Canada and the border States to secure its revision. This treaty-the Ashburton, of 1842-is the second of the kind made between the Republic and the motherland. Immediately after the establishment of the former, the question of inter-state extradition, or the surrender of criminals flying from one state to another, was settled, and the obvious advantage of a similar understanding with England led, in spite of the then existing bitterness, to the treaty of 1794. This, however, was very brief and simple, expiring by limita- tion in 1806, and covering only murder and forgery. At its expiration, the mutual ill feeling that culminated in the war of 1812 prevented any attempt at renewal, and, strange as it may seem, from 1806 till 1842 neither Great Britain nor the United States had any extradition treaty whatever, either between themselves or with any other country. The Ashburton treaty, then con- cluded, is bo crude as to have caused universal dissatisfaction ever since. On the extraordinary plea that it was imperative to prevent any advantage being taken of such a treaty to secure the extradition of political offenders, the Washington Govern- ment insisted upon excluding from its operations Buch crimes as i-ape, burglary, embezzlement, larceny, kidnapping, and counterfeiting. This in spite of the very evident impossibility of concealing a poli- tical offence under such a guise, and of the as evident chance to dub rebellion as murder, piracy, arson, or robbery. It also leaves al- most everything to inference or construction. For instance, although both England and America have always held sacred the claim of a political refugee to protection, there is no provision to guard against a refugee being extradited for one offence and tried for something else. Even in the States themselves, the Supreme Courts have uni- versally decided that a prisoner acquitted of the crime for which ono State sur- rendered him to another has a right to regain asylum ; but notwithstanding this the Americans, often so flagJantly as to justify the charge of " Yankee trickery," have persistently refused to attach any such interpretation to tho present treaty. Neither is anything said about accessories or accom- plices, nothing about statutory limitation, nothing of the surrender of material evidence with the criminal, nothing of the settlement of simultaneous demands of different Powers for the same man, and nothing of preliminary arrest in cases not admitting of delay. The question has also been raised, especially by British authorities, whether the words " charged with" include " con- victed" prisoners who have escaped. The United States, following in this the custom of inter-state extradition has not sustained this plea, but it has been repeatedly admitted in Canada. In several notorious instances the surrender of con- victed murderers who have escaped from prison has been refused by the Dominion. The jealousy with which the American Con- stitution guards the rights of Congress was curiously exhibited soon after this treaty was signed. In 1843 a similar treaty had been made with France, but in 1847 the first demand-for a forger named Metzger -was summarily refused by a subordinate New York Court, on the ground that no treaty was valid until agreed to by Con- gress. The several treaties made about this time were at once legalised. In 1870 and 1873 the Imperial Parlia- ment turned its attention to the defective extradition matters, and made provision for their control, including under such provi- sions those treaties made previously. This inclusion the American Government very naturally refused to recognise until regu- larly agreed to by the treaty parties, and in 187C the tension almost resulted in an abroga- tion of the treaty itself. In that year occurred the famous Winslow case, when England refused to surrender the forger unless it was guaranteed that he should only be tried for tile offence charged in the requisition. When the refugee was released, President Grant announced that if England insisted on such strictures he should declare the treaty null and void, and to prevent this they were permitted to lapse. Tn 1872, a somewhat similar case arose between the home Government and Franco, which, however, resulted in the surrender of the refugee to the French police upon their assurance that French law would only permit trial for the extradited offence. In this, by the way, they are authoritatively said to have been wrong. But while Anglo-American affairs have remained iii this unsatisfactory state, thirty four distinct crimes have been recognised by tho Washington Government in treaty with other nations, and still more are ad- mitted to the British Acts of 1870 and 1873, referred to above. These include almost all serious offences, the treaty between Mexico and the United States even including larceny and permitting troops of either party to cross the border in pursuit of raiders. Besides this basis for an excellent treaty, crimes are defined in identically the same words by both England and America, and the samo ex- tradition principles are now admitted. These principles are : There must be evi- dence of criminality, and the crime charged must be felonious in both countries ; extra- dition treaties must be prospective, and must not cover political offence ; limitation bars extradition, and the surrendered per- sons must be tried only for the extraditing offence ; local proceedings against a fugitive must be first determined, and priority of time determines precedence of two requisi- tions ; material evidence to be surrendered with the accused, and all expenses to be borne by the demandant. In addition to these acceptoJ principles it was, about a year ago, informally agreed between the Canadian and border State authorities that they would influence their respective Govern- ments in favour of : Impunity of extradited persons from arrest on civil process ; such persons to have personal right of objection to proceedings which may be contrary to the provisions of the treaty ; opportunity to regain asylum if acquitted ; any number ofcauses for extradition may bo considered at once ; an extradited fugitive may be re- turned in custody for further extradition. The agitation for a revision of the Ash- burton Treaty, to which we have referred, was brought to a head last February by a formal demand upon the United States Sec- retary of State, Mr. Freylinghuysen, by the Governors of the border States of Michigan and Vermont. At the same time the Ottawa Government made urgen t represen- tations to the Imperial Government. The subject was immediately made the text of diplomatic negotiations, and the world ia informed by Mr. Cleveland, in his annual message, that these negotiations will soon reach a satisfactory result. To what extent they will be satisfactory to those most inte- rested may well be judged from a criticism upon the draft submitted to Mr. Freyling huysen,which we take from a leading border paper, and which may be accepted as fairly representing the opinion of frontiersmen. Its tacit acknowledgement of international friendship will be gratifying to those who dream fondly of a grand Anglo-Saxon fede- ration. " The only objection to the pro- posed extradition treaty between this country and Great Britain is that it doesn't go far enough. It seems to be haunted with the ghost of the antediluvian notion that every criminal who escaped to another country was entitled to its protection from the justice of the community he had wronged ¡ that society was in a perpetual condition of internecine warfare, in which the great end of nationality was to annoy and injure all those whose interests converged in a different centre. We are getting over this brutal ignorance, but we are not getting over it fast enough-not even fast enough to draw up a reasonable extradition treaty with our nearest and most civilised neighbour in this the 109th year of the Republic. We should be thankful, however, that there is at last a chance of the border ceasing to be the line of safety for burglars, ravishers, and blackmailers that it has hitherto been. In a few years more we may learn that neither liberty nor interest demands that we protect flying train-wreckers, bigamists, abortionists, and perjurers, and in another 100 years or so we may get down to a common-sense basis and declare that national lines are drawn for the better government of honest men, and not for the protection of a single thief, vagabond, or rogue." Which sentiment we most heartily endorse and commend to the favourable consideration of law-abiding citizens all the world over. To-day the reconstituted council will deal with the appointments of municipal officers for the year, and we venture to remind them that in selecting these officers they deter- mine the manner in which the city work is to be done. It will not, we believe, be denied by any old alderman, that the manner in which city improvements are carried out-especially those minor im- provements which are left to the discretion of the city engineer-is eminently unsatis- factory, and has been unsatisfactory for a long time past. There is an obvious lack of foresight, or an infirmity of purpose, in doing such work which betrays incom petency somewhere, and must be the cause of a very serious drain on the Corporation funds. To take Bimply one instance of what we mean-a trifling affair, but thoroughly chai-acteristic of how the cor- poration funds are frittered away. People who are in the habit of traversing Peel street will remember that it used to be crossed at the intersection of Hope-street by an awkward gutter. Last year this gutter was carefully flattened and lined with stone. Then, within a few weeks, another idea of surface drainage was adopted. The new stone-lined channel was taken up, the stones used elsewhere, and the crown of the road- way raised so a3 to obliterate the depression. It is quite clear that the money spent in laying and taking up that gutter was as completely wasted as if the mayor had taken his stand on the bridge and thrown the coins representing the expenditure into the river. To an observer, it seemed as if the engineer charged with the improvement of that street had laid down bia channel first to see how it would do, and then thinking of a better plan, had tried the latter. It was a paltry matter, we repeat, and the loss to the city was probably not more thau a pound or two, but similar bungling has been going on everywhere. Bits of improvement absolutely useless in them- selves are made and left to crumble away, until the work necessary to bring them into operation is done-many months after- wards ; or perhaps, as in the case mentioned they are pulled to pieces and another plan tried. In each separate case the loss may be trilling, but in the aggregate it must amount to a very serious total, without reckoning the annoyance and inconvenience to ratepayers. Aldermen who aie conscious of trying to carry out big improvements in their wards or the city general!)', and who arc conscious of achiev- ing a fair amount of success in these things, are often surprised to find how much irritation against themselves and the council exists among the public. _ The reason is mainly the annoyance and injury caused by the incessant petty bungling in street work which comes home-in the most literal sense of the phrase-to their exasperated constituents. It is perfectly clear that there is incompetence shown in the execution of city work ; and that in- competence rests either at the door of the city engineer, or of the _ mayor who may interfere with him, or of subordinates whom he may be compelled to employ. The old members of the council muBt know perfectly well where that in- competence exists, and it is their duty to act on the knowledge. If no change is made to-day the public will be compelled to conclude either that the executive head of the council in the past has interfered to prevent its paid officers doing their work properly, or that the aldermen are prepared to accept full responsibility for what has gone wrong in the past, and is likely to go wrong in the present year. A spécial meeting of the Brisbane Muni- cipal Council will bo held this afternoon at 3 o'clock. The business on the paper is as fol- lows ¡-Appointment of committees ; nomina- tion of a member of the council to act with his worship tho Mayor on Fire Brigade Board ; fixing amount of mayor's allowance, of audi- tor's fees, and of officers' salaries, for 18S6 ; also initiation of proceedings for levying rates for 1880. TnE hydraulic engineer has received the following telegram from the officer in charge at Winton, dated 4th instant :-" Hughenden road opon. Dam at Stack's full." The following are the magistrates whose names appear on the roster for attendance at the Police Court during tho current week : Messrs. B. L. Barnett, H. Bracker, J. Cameron, E. Cowley, R. Douglas, C. Fletcher,. G. Vf. Gray, W. H. Irving, Vf. T. Kennedy, S. F. Lord, A. A. Mac Diarmid, R. D. Neilson, W. Pocock, R. H. Roe, J. Sinclair, W. Steele, Jj. P. Warren, and J. Young. Tendees for the erection of a boatman's cottago at Cairns wero received at the Works Omeo this morning from Reed Bros., R. A. Tills, and Henry Burrowes. A collision occurred in Queen-street on< Saturday morning between a tramcar and a dray loaded with flour. The dray wasgoingup Albert street and attempted to cross Queen-street in front of the car. Before the car could he stopped the dray ran into it, the shaft pene- trating the side of the tram and breaking off. Ko further damago was dono. Warden R. C. H. Uhr has informed the Mines Department that a blackboy has re- ported to him the discovery of gold in the neighbourhood of Cloncurry. The Colonial Secretary's Department have granted permis- sion to Mr. Uhr, who is also Police Magistrate at Cloncurry, to accompany the blackboy to the place where the discovery is said to have been made. A very successful meeting was held last evening by tho members of tho Young Men's Christian Association. The outdoor service and singing along tho street attracted a large congregation to the Town Hall, where, after devotional exercises, Mr. J. Jones gave an address on the " Prodigal Son." The number who remained to the after meeting was evi- dence to the workers that an impression bad a been mado at least in some minds. Tub open air service conducted by the Blue ? Ribbon Gospel Temperance Workers last even., ing was well attended, and at the meeting held afterwards in the Gospel Hall the room was fairly well filled. Addresses were delivered hy ? Mr. J. A. Clark, who presided as usual, as also by Messrs. Payne and Hunt. The pledge was signed by twenty-four persons, and after- . wards the meeting was thrown open "io anyono who wished to speak. One young man said that indulgence in drink had been the ruin of his . life, and had taken him within tho four walls - of a gaol, but he hoped now to be able to keep the pledge ho had taken. A middle-aged man said ho had beon twenty years in the army, and his whole lifo had been a failure through drink. He had taken the pledge three . months ago, and had kept it to within a fort- night of the present time. He had now taken . it a second time, trusting to receive strength to ? keep it, A man, 50 years of ago, regretted ex- ceedingly that he had not signed the pledge - years ago, and promised at some future time to . give tbo history of his life. Regarding the telegram from .Cairns, pubUshed in Saturday's issue, Mr. Meston informs ua that " Townsend was bailiffing a selection on a small creek, about mid- way between Capo Grafton and the mouth of the Mulgrave. There was no neigh- - hour nearer than Cairns, a distance of sixteen miles by water, except two or three settlers on the Mulgrave, separated from him by an almost . impassabloj-angc. In front of him was the ocean, and behind rose lofty mountains covered by donse scrub. Ho lived there in absolute solitude, surrounded by wild and hostile blacks, the same tribe who recently . murdered Donald Macaulay. For a man to go - alono to such a locality was to go to almost certain death. He may havo attempted to cross the range to the Cairns inlet or make his way along tho coast towards False Bay,. and so he finally discovered, hut the proba- bility is that he has met the fate of many other of the solitary pioneers of tho Northern scrubs, and that the Mulgrave coast blacks have - another victim to account for." For some time past there has been anjalarm ing spread of throat affections in the city, especially among children, and in some cases the disease has resulted in the death of the littleones. Oneofthelcadingmedicalgentlemen of the city interested himself in the outbreak,. and, by dint of perseverance, discovered the disease to bo caused by impure milk, a great quantity of which is at present supplied to and consumed in the city. In many of the suburbs it has been found that the cows are suffering from cowpox, and milk from such animals cannot, of course, bo considered healthy.. Many of the parents around the city, acting on. medical advice, havo already discontinued taking milk from the suburban dairies, and are forced to fall back upon the condensed, article. The Bight Hours Demonstration Committee are now thoroughly in harness, and intend to eclipse all previous demonstrations of the kind that have taken place in Queensland. The Exhibition grounds and buildings have been engaged for the 1st Mardi, and special efforts are being made to place a strong nnd varied programme of amusements before the public, particulars of which will shortly be announced. Tenders are invited by the Post and Tele- graph Department for new lino along railway extension from Kilkivan toKilkivan Junction, and additional wire thence into Gympie ; also for new lino along railway survey route. Bun- daberg to Howard, and additional wire thence into Maryborough ; and for additional wires, Dalby (Junction) to Charleville, and Auga- thella to Tambo. The deposits in the South Brisbane Weekly Penny Savings Bank on Saturday last amounted to £7 3s. 5d. Members of the South Brisbane and Subur- ban Permanent Building and Investment Society aro reminded that to-night is subscrip- tion night. The Superintendent of the Reformatory for boys at Lytton desires to thank Mr. William Telfor for entertaining the inmates with his magic lantern on Thursday evening last. A MEETING of subscribers to the Bulimba School of Arts will be held in the Presbyterian Church to-morrow evening to nominate trustees. A public meeting to elect a committee to carry out the proposed banquet to Mr. B, D. Morehead, M.L.A., will be held at the Bris- bane Exchange to-morrow afternoon. In addition to the rainfalls mentioned in our weather table, which will bo found in another column, 0'49in. fell at Watsonville, 0"10in. at Beauaraba ; 0'47in. at Miles, O'fMin. at Gerald- ton, 0'12in. at Bloomsbury, and 0'55in. at Jimbour 