-}lsWmB^6TM^LBWm^-r-{; ' ? '' [By The Ghost.] '' It is proverbially asserted that 'a: calm ever precedes tho most violent storms. If this saying bo as true in .regard to the political world as it is in the work-a-day one, in which poor mortals have to undergo their probation, then may. we indeed 'look out for squalls.' For just now' there is a complete lull in ' politics. . 'Beyond the utterances 01 Messrs. Service and Willies there is nothing to guide candidates, and the ' Liberal' leader, Mr. Deakinj made it so plain that the Conservative of to-day is -the Liberal of yesterday, and vice versa,' that candidates are .sorely puzzled' as to wlietlier they are to declare' for' 'CfB3ar' or' for Poinpey. Both are so much alike ibis impossible to tell 't'other from which,' and the difference between parties being narrowed down to that 'twixt Tweedledum and Tweedledee, the forthcoming elections are likely to be fought out, On ~ purely personal grounds. There have been, one or two attempts to got up a, rallying cry] and. tho stormy petrel of journalism that lias earned for itself the 'unenviable' sobriquet of Ananias, has striven hard to stir up the element of strife' by asserting that the Education Acb was in danger, and that prot2ction, 'the settled policy' of the ?country,' was to be in ibmo mysterious fas'hion attacked by 'tho wicked' people of flinders-lane. But the' cry' of wolf has been 'so 'often heard that people refuse to' be any longer frightened by the familiar ' bogy.' All attempts to .re-establish the old 'party lines' ' have, ' . however'; ' proved ? futile, and ; wherever ,- the',' elec tors in public meeting assembled. ' .' have had an opportunity of expressing their, sentiments, . they have emphabicalTy '; ' .de clared in favour of . the contihuance ? of Government on coalitipri lines!'. The only exceptions up. to the present have bee11 Ca'stlemaine and : Ballarat, where Messrs. Patterson in the former and 'Lieut.-Colonel Wi C. Smith in the latter' avowed' '.theiri; selves as hostile to the continuance pf the alliance, and declared war a'V outran'ce against the Government, and were enthuj.: siastically cheered by their ^constituent'si As the names of neither of these gentlemen have been mentioned in iconnection with' the reconstruction of the Government, and the return of either :or both of them. to power is only possible through a changeof Government, ' the milk in the coacoanut' is fully accounted for in their case.; ? -..- . Tho decentralisation ? movement; which1 ?eventuated in the formation ' of a league inaugurated with1 a : great 'flourish' of. trumpets, and which was :to secure to the country districts' ; a -recognition of ' their' right to. a share of', the ? Government 'expen diture, i which it was alleged was mainly lavished upon the capital, has apparently; after a short existence, disappeared! from the public mind; i The larger proportion of aspirants for parliamentary honours, are Melbourne : men,ahd' in many instances' .this fact hardly appears to;;affect' their, ?chances of success.' So long as1 they bear a -distinctive brand' they are hailed . by the : section of the electors ?who serve under the same banner. It matters but little whether they have the' requisite talent or- experience to qualify them as legislators, provided -they be staunch teetotalers, red hot' Orangemen, or .professed goody-goodies, they are certain to poll the solid rote of the particular class to which they belong. Thus ' the ' tempe rance societies, in conjunction ? with the Orange lodges, have sent Mr. Muriro, the whilom member for North Melbourne, and the colonial 'prototype of Sir 'Wilfred Lawson, to contest the Geelong electorate,' and' Mr. Richard Richardson, ? the hero' of the. Fish Creek selection episode, whose modesty has not apparently been increased by the omission of his name from the list of ?Executive Councillors and the Commissipri ?of the Peace, has sent forth a Mr. Walker ?as the Orange nominee to contest Grant ?with Mr. Lalor, the Speaker of the' Assembly, and Mr. Bees; The natural ?consequence of the scramble for -seats among a lot of mediocrities,' without political principles and experience, will be to make the number of old members of the Assembly eligible for office ' much smaller ' than at present, and of course render ? the fight for portfolios ? more intense' than it ?would have been had the best ; men been permitted ' to carry the * seats on some ?definite ' ticket.' There appears to be a general opinion that the present Assembly and the Government to be formed by Mr. Gillies from the rump of the late Ministry, and some of the most moderate ' men from ?both sides of the popular Chamber, is1 only a stop-gap to be retained in power until one or other of the two sections into which 'Victorian politicians are divided is strong ?enough to defy the other arid carry on the business of the country in spite of it.1 The only definite announcement, made 'by. the members of bhe Government who have already addressed their constituents in .regard to their future intentions was vouchsafed last week by Mr.- ' Deakin : at Flpmington, and the information is of a kind hardly likely to please anyone but a few Lilydale fruitgrowers, and the: hop gardeners of Bairnsdale. Mr. i)eakin told his audience thatdt was not intended ' at present ' to proceed with the Tasmanian reciprocity treaty. The tide .which ; taken at the flood leads on to fortune has thus been lost, and the opportunity of laying ; the corner-stone of federation by the adoption of a uniform Australasian tariff, towards which' the agreement with Tas mania would have . been the initial step, TiaSj. been wilfully thrown i away. It Tvafs in order' that such matters, as' the ^Reciprocity Treaty and questions pf a kindred nature ..might be settled.-thatthe ?country : was/content', !tb,,see tfie .formation' of a'iCoalitionpGovgrnmenti''and»allow, a. greater or less ^amount of ~ paltering with principle by the gentlemen who were con tent to sink all former differences and carry on the business of 'the colony. ' But if Mr. Gillies has riot'the courage of his opinions and is prepared to drop the treaty in defer ence to the wishes of his protectionist colleagues, his Ministry loses its principal 'ration d' ctre, and is in fact no coalition Cabinet at all, but simply a collection of politicians, who , for the sake of place and pay ate content to allow all their aspirations to remain in abeyance, sacri ficing all' principle to the object of retain ing their portfolios. ',- ! A land .flowing wibh milk and honey has hitherto been! looked' upon as a figure, of speech, but on Sunday last, in the fashicm-, able suburb of St. Kilda, the milk-flowing became an actuality. A' dispenser of the lacteal fluid having contravened the trade . iikase forbidding the delivery: of milk to ciistomeis on Sunday afternpons, was met by a number pf vendors- of this allrieces sary!arbicle of household use, and his ;milk cans and pails, containing upwards of fifty, 'gallons, upset into the street channel. As', the occ irrence took place in the vicinity of the residence of the member for East Melbournej who is 'one of. tho .chosen people, the ! honourable gentleman, ,bri ayvakening' from his '' post-prandial 'nap, may' well 'have 'thought for a moment that, Victoria ' was , in Very spbfch 'the' promised land; ''; ' /'.'.' .'' '?',' ,: 'Had the officers in bhe Education ,De partment ', been . 'tradesmen or .wharf ' labourers, instead of- educated genblemen jbtey would, in 'all' probability, be' now on strike, . while, a couple pf arbitrators were considering their case. '.As it is;, they haye been.severelysnub'bed, and left without re- dtess. .'. Having appointed a number of .the aggrieved clerks : as a ; ' deputation to, bring, their \ grievances under the notice- of ' the, head of their, department, they were met by d , refusal to be ; heard, as Mr. Wilson Brown 'objected to be overawed by a .depu tation.'. Officials' in' the \seryice of ,tKe Vjictorian 'Government arefthus ; debarred from j a. privilege ^enjoyed by, the grimiest coal heaver intlie'colphy.i 'They, '.are com pelled to work overtime, and hob to-be, per'-- niitted to- ask' , f or any extra pay for so doing. But then, -you see, they are not 'jwprking' nienj' and [they, 'have no synv pathetic members'. , of . Parliament ready, riglib .,' or wrong, to', cliampiop.' ' their ;in- ? 'terests. '!..,,?! y,.'.|i..,'-; '.'..-?? v' ?:'??!':.!'.- ? } The i'long pending quarrel between' the ? late: Scots' :Church congregation i and -;the iPxesbyteriari Assembly -has been' ' advanced ajstage. The J drafting : process .has^noW' jbeen completed, and the', black' 'sheep separated from, the rest of the'flock; ? This1 faithful' remnant -is :no'w to? be fallowed to - call a minister of their- own. ? As the choice : is certain to fall upon the^ Rev. Mr. ? : Dods, ithe former colleague of Mr. 'Strong in- thej -pastorate^ a prominent member: of the General Presbyterian . Assembly, has' al . ready announced his intention of ?' libel- - ?ling'-i the- reverend gentleman for heresy] shouldihe be chosen by the' Scots' Church cisrigregation; The matter may. really be no nearer a settlement than it was two years ago, but in Mr. Dods the Assembly will find a tough customer, who will fight them,' and not run away as his-'senior did when threatened with the thunder of the Ben touls, M'Eacherns,; ' and , the 'f. orthodox ' kirk. ?? ?? ???' : ; Feb. 6. 