\- -c- "t-." 'w -JT IL j j j 'Wm "Ohosami Haunted HonsT I (soixktific a8eri0ax) In spite of the rfgid snppre«sion of , thitu regarded as superguuoa w' ih racterises the present time?, thr -//' /;/ v umber of traditions aa half belted ; Bri'l retain a wenderte! vitfilitr. Xn- l encs of those appsriiions whicii are' lany supposed to choose th hour » " midnight. for their perambulation?, aod ot (hosa inexplicable maiiitectarions woicn 3 for a dwelling the ener.vur,!-; natu? cT bei 3 haunted, has been affirmed >j? =uch undoubted hfcheveVin h soraany of unqoestionvd inteihgeoce. movement ha- rfcren/y ia par's of the countr? for tho thor -Q_h invr/, vrihm of the reputed phenomena, view of deciding wherb3r t>y biive pnyiajj. tautial foundation, or mas: r»e arp,ii/w' individual mental vaaaries. It muat, how ever, be remembered that it i? no aryament in favour of their genuineness that these traditions are so universal, for Grimm aB(j other students of comparative philology hare ehown tbat many of our best known uareerr tales have elements in common with tbe folk tore of but distantly related p?onl«, and with these, must be attributed to the ancea! tral store before the Arvan dispersion Bnt the present investicaters who arets/dr.2Dn tbte subject have manifested a ner.tr&lit;? which promises most interesting resale' should any be reached. They are neither prejudiced by ibe antiquity of these super, natural entities, nor so far incrednlou? a« to dteuaies the whole matter wuh a conteropm, oa d&ninl.; Viewed thus Qiepa?- ion rely eho»ts and haunted house? form an ex ei lent subject for scientific investigation. At the pre-ent time, two cities in particular are holding these popular but still fascinating tenors up to the light of day. and we dare say that in a number of other localities similar societies are investigating their claims to recognition with equal rigour. In Boston tbe American Society for Perchical Rr- search has appointed a special committee on appg. ritione an« haunted houeet. A circular bss been issued, mvitinjr communications from those who.-e experience may enable tbetn to be of assistance in tbe examination. They desire information, iu the first place, regard, ing re: -or ted cases of apparitions of the a'reci or cpbii, rrt»ra time ro nice suco &CCOant8; here been t ubiished, giving all the cesaileof the occurrence, and a great deal that woold be of immense interest could it be verified. Three supernatural appearances are often reported ss foretelling future events, usually of a dteafferous nature, such as i 11 Dess or death, end the committee is particularly anxiocB 0 ftcqaire all possible testimony in regard to ciees where snch premonitions have been intell gently recorded and have Jif-:er w>irds proved true, in whole or part. Iq audition to more dramatic, r-pectacles there is a large ctes of personal experiences, such as prc-ertin«n'? in c>>nnecliou with ma'eri-sl appearances and the like, which wou?d be of ui'doa'-red inter- at in such an investigation. Tbe testimony :»f persons who have had these experiences themselves, or have h-id an opportunity to record the ex perience of others, is of special vrine. In making eaoh records it is important to state tbe age. occupation, temperament, condition o health, aod other personal factors which would be apt to influence the result of snch an experience, together witn the appearance, circumstances of time and place, duration, etc., of the supposed apparition. It is also of great importance, where any warning is thought to have been conveyed, to know whether it was recorded before verificatios, io order to give as little play to the imagtes tion as possible. The committee, as we haTe stated, undertake this investigation without preconceived prejudices. They invite the co- operation of persons similarly earnest and unprejudiced Colonel T. W. Higginson, Cambridge, Mass., is one of the committee. A limited time will also be devoted to the personal examination of houses in the neighbourhood of Boston which are reported to be haunted. In Philadelphia au analo ffOQfi thoHffh inrAfitifffltinn ia nrtr in progress Some years ago Mr. Seybert, the donor of the new bell for Independeuce-bail, was tbe victim of severs imposition at the hands of several over-thrifty "medium?/ At his death he left a sum of money to the University of Pennysylvania on lue condition that it should thoroughly investigate the claims of spiritualism, and make the results public. Toe committee entrusted witn the task has been collecting testimony on this point for a number of mor- ths, but n.i re suite, we believe, have yet been published. 