* . Answers to Correspondents. SPECIAL NOTICE.-All communications shou addressed ''The Editor, TOWN AND COU: JOTJBNAII Office, Sydney." No private : should he used. Questions,,not answered three weeks, querist will.kindly repeat, twing ' name and address or norn de plume. * TANK QUESTIONS-TO UNANSWERED COE PONDENTS.-We are unable to answer many of the questions, in consequence of insufficient' information given to enable us to compute tbe quantities. All scribers must give full measurements, and put their or nom do plume on the pinn. Sometimes tho plai forwarded with no namo, and they get mixed. 1 Subscriber-(Stoney Creek) : Answered last week. j Franco-Russian- (Uralla) : Tho book is out of prinl I K. W. (Morven)-Emperor is a higher titlo than ll Kinsr. t. ' j Subscriber-Austraha has produced" more gold Russia. ¡Uncrowned Monarck^Your communication is w unintelligible. / . \- Minmi-Tho price of Mr. S. H. Cox's work on minei minerals is 7s 6a. S i , ¡Piscatorial (Moruyn)-The expression refers to thi of the not in fishing. i J. L. (Wiseman's Ferry)-We do not understand you wish to ascertain. ,< < W. W. (Walloudbcon)-You had better. write to Mo Mort and Co., Sydney. .., .* .' , ? / ¡ Subscriber (Manilla)-Bettor.employ a solicitor to pare a proper mortgage deed. i Goat (Wilcimnia)-Yes, he was justified- in killing goat under tho circumstances mentioned. ? ' ¡A. T. (Clareuco River)-You aro under the legal coi of your father until you reach the age of 21. ¡ Ferret (Sydney)-You will flndpleuty of rabbiting ii north-eastern districts of New South Walos, X. (Indigo, Victoria)-We know nothing more thc stated in the advertisement. Ask tho nearest chemist Cost of Divorce-Poor Fool ¡ This depends eutirel; the nature of the case. You should consult à solioitoi Croydon (Sydney)-The Catherine Adamson was wre< in sido Sydney Heads, off tho proscnt quarantine grouu W. D. (Gatton Park)-You" can compel, the trustoi the town common to defray half the cost of tho divii fence. y OMTischiofííParkes) asks-What mixture,is ¡ used to n " leathwork '?! look like oboúy¿aud how it is applied to . frame, j ;.>?: <.?,?.,? ? .Vernon' Boys-C. R. : Well behaved lads on hoard Vernon are permitted to write, when necessary to t friends. \ . ' j '. > E. W. [(Stannifer)-There are no passenger ' stean going irom Newcastle, to Melbourne without callini Sydney. 1 , " ' " , ' Uninformed-There is no free immigration to Sydj The granting of assisted passages has been stopped for present. ' <¡tji* .4 ' \ , , ¡Good Friday-D. D.-jBi^TheV Springs), asks : If G Friday waBon Marchs24 tpr; 25/1869 P-On neither; bul the2Gth. Y. Z. (G rauvillo) t^ïh'e'siéamèr Aberdeen left Ply mo on February 23 last, and,would probably, make the pass inj about 50 days. \ "w'.','-., . ' J Imarata-You should apply to the governor of Maitl Gaol for the information. The question is one which decline to publish. ' . ' " Affinity-Millie (OberonH'asks if socon I cousins car lawfully married in tho Church of England ?-All degt of cousins may marry.- . H. P. H. (Goondiwindi)-You can obtain tho Pa' brokers'Act from the Govornmont Printer, Sydney. 1 price is lOd, post free. ,, '" v-'* ????^^n'.^.-: ??? W. W. (Sandy Creok)-Your previous letter was ; received. Your best course would bo to advertise in one the Sydney daily papers. R. R. (Braidwood!- To obtahV.a situation as pul schoolteacher in Queensland,.apply to tho Secretary Public Instruction, Brisbane. Stock Returns-Subscriber (Booral) : Yes ;' they can so under the Sheep and Stock Protection . Aofc. They « not bound.to send you forms. : . Hunter/River Floods-A.B. C. (Low's Creek) : Th< have beeufseveral. The lost was in 1875. (2.) The Prit of Walesnever visited Australia. Wenburndale-If the facts oro as you put them, t receipt will be quite sufficient that is, if ho had authori to collect the debts due on tho ostate; . .', -, Gunpowder Marks on Faco-J. M. (Temora) : These cu if not too deep, be removed by blistering, which should performed under medical supervision. . . Miner (Gundagai)-The,-art of electroplating is fuJ described in Goro's' Art of Elootro-MetallurgaD, post ire price 7s Cd, from any/Sydney bookseller. . ? Hearso Plumes-Si. W'. (Toowoomba, Q.) : These are n uiado in Australia', ,but,, are importad. You might obtn thom through a soft goods importing house. Hill End-(I.) Tho .statements roforrcd to aro untru (2.) Hanlan was tailor and lighter than Boach. (3.) depends on thc position held by. tho teacher. . * Ants-W. H. (Walládallah)) : To get rid ofthesoiw kerosene' or carbolic acid into thoir holes,.afc tho san time sprinkling some on tho ground near same. Protestant (Rous)': The ¡áchool teacher acted very ii prudently, and if his- conduct wer« reported to tho prop authorities he would probably be reprimanded. E. F. (Rockhampton,.Q.)r.Wo have shown yoúr-lettor 1 an ;eminent medical man in Sydney, and he recommend that your Bon be examined by a respectable doctor. Judge Meyinott-T. *McD. (Tenterfield) : Ho ' was a pointed judge of the Southern District, December Í 1863, and pf tho Northern-District, December 14,1865. Viator (Kempsey-road)-Tne Carnarvon Cast'e, beloni iug to the Donald Cufrib lino, lately arrivod.at Melbourn does not call on hoMomeward voyage at Table Bay Cai Colony, 'Ci-"; '; i , \ Fastest Passage-Subscriber's Daughter : (1.) The fastei . passage lately recorded by a sailing vossel from Sydney t London is that of the Gladstone. Captain Ru«r, whic ? occupied73days. , . ¡ Venture (Herueville) : (1.) The husband'< bocoines b marriage.tho nearest of kin to his wife. î (2,) Your háric writing is good. (3.) Wo do not Jprofess ' to dehneat character from handwriring. . ï ./ Darling River-(1.) Gunn's Family Physician, 18s- o Hunter's Domestic Medicino, 6s, exolUBivo of postage 12 The latest map of tho Bourke district'is to bo seen at th office of tho local laud agent. . . ? ?:?.:.> Old Subscriber (Gympie)-There aro no- arrangement for transferring deposits from a post-olfico savings bank ii one colony to ono in another. You will have tb draw thi money out of one and pay it iuto the other:, Quinine-Nervous ! Quinine is used in i various form; according to the natura ot treatm'out required. Ia von: case quinine wine might be useful ¡ but wo cannot reiih with more explicitness in the absence of details, ". Nursery Governess-Subscriber (1) : The duties of i nureery governess generally include those of a uursan maid, but sometimes she has assistance, lt is whollv « matter of arrangement. (2.) Handwriting, good. . . Mr. Gladstone-DlgRor (Sofala) ¡ Tho /British Promior was; born at Liverpool, his father being ,Slr John Glad' Btono,of Esque.couuty Kln father loft Bootland to becomo a Livorpool merohant. Railway Speed-A. O. T. (Wagga WagKai 7 Tho hlcrlmai rate of sneed attained on an BSglhhJ^l^X^ 60 aud 70 miles per hour. Some of tho ? express trains do portion of the journey at about 50 milos ot, more por i "B. .(HiirBwooa)r-lîo j you cannot act in the manner dosorlhed. You Bhould glvo notice to tho mau that hn can havo hiH property on roturniug yours, and if ho dries not do so, you can proceod against him for illegally detain iug Bamo, . Traction Eugiuo (Macleay Eiverj-Thoro;ls uothiug to proven"; you from driving a traction engine through a to not incorporated! but, if you did so, you would ron yourself liable to aotions for damages in case of i accidents, Penny Postage-A, B. (Yallandry) : The penny_post system npplies only to Sydney and its suburbs ¡ East i West Maitland ; and Morpeth, and Bathurst, Kelso, r Esrom. Elsewhere tho postage is two penco, howe short the distance. Copy "of -Will-Deniliquin : You do not state in wi country tho original will is. If in England, write to 1 Wills Registry, Doctor's Commons, London. The cost a copy will depend on tho dato and length, but would 1 exceed a few shillings. Armidale-An Old Subscriber (Newcastle) ! This to was proclaimed a* municipality November 18, 1863. P< haps Borne old resident will favor our correspondent w the date of its settlement and tho name of thoper3on whom the first publichouse was kept ? Tender Feet-Weary Foot : Take two tablespoons common Bait and one teaspoon of washing soda (powdere and-dissolve Baine in three quarts of warm water. Sc your feet well for five or ten minutes, wipe dry, and rub the soles of your feet a little"glycerine. Population of Ireland-Subscriber (Waterfall)* .writ A says the population of Ireland is less thau four millio B says it is more. Which is rlçht ?-The census of 1 gave the Irish population as 5,174,836. The estimai population for 1881 was about the samo. Parsing-Several correspondents request IIB to p¿ sentencesforthem. To do so would occupy too much spa and we strongly recommend them to obtain any ono of i works mentioned in our reply to Student (Plattsburg), fr which i hoy will learn all they wish to know. Compressed Charcoal-J. H. C. (Wagga Wagga) ! 1 bavé unsuccessfully endeavored tb procure the informât! desired, tho process partaking of : the : nature of a tra secret^ but the materials used aro animal charcoal and t ashes of Boghead coal, which is obtained from a Scot : mine. "-'?'.'. : ? Mange-Lottie; First wash the dog with soft soap a warm water, then apply the following ointment :-Sto< holm tar; loz; sulphur, \oz ; lard. Hoz. Tho dressi should be allowed to remain a Week, then washed off, ar if necessary, a second dressing applied; It is contagio to horses. . \ L.M. (Queonslund)-(1.) Cherry tooth paste is favoral spoken of. ; (2.) To remove freokles, uso a lotion made equal parts of rosewater and glycerine.' There are ino power. Ul preparations j but these are dangerous as a ru (3.) Your handwriting'is good for,your age, but .nee improvement. .'..'- . . . Route to!Sllverton-C. D'. MitobeU/Q.) :' Yould find t roùto overland from Mitchell to Silverton loug,tedioi and expensive,,bsides being inspracticable without a gui in some pl ices. Your, best : plan would be to come Sydney, prooeéling thence by rail to Hay, and thence 1 j coaoh via Wilcannia. , . ; - , Naturalisation-Constant Subscriber (Charters Towel t Q.), asks whether à man born in England who leaves fi , America, gets'naturalised there, and then comes to Au tralin, is considered a British subjeot or not P-He.is. i Amorican subjeot. Ho cannot be naturalised in Amori and remain a British subject. , \ - ' Shampoo Mixturo-P. O. (Narrandera) : The mixtu used by barbers for cleansing tho hair is made as follows Dissolve loz Balts of tartar in one quart soft wate Sprinkle on tho hoad, and rub until a lather is forme .. When desired for bottling, mix salts of tartar 4oz, pv '}. verised borax loz, aud soft water ono gallon. w Hop Beer-Delirium ' (Hay) asks whether home-hrew< hop beer is an intoxicating drink P If not, would it 1 swerving , nt all froncr strict teetotalism to drink it ?-H< i beer contains a certain percentage of alcohol, but is lei ? intoxicating than ordinary ale or beer. It is regarded i an alcoholic liquor by the "authorities, and may not bo so! I without a license. , . Debta: of Wife-Alpha asks ¡ A being a married man, ar i his wife ordering goads from B, B booking tho said gooc i in the name of Mrs. A, to whom renders all accounts in In . name; and A becoming insolvent, can B still reboyer tl debt?-If A has not publicly notified that he will not 1 ' responsible for his wife's; debts he is liable, aúd B mui 1 prove his claim in tho Insolvency Court. i Famine in New South Wale8-Australian n skB whothf I any ship ever brought to Sydnoya supply of stores an provisions to relievo a' famine iu New South Wales, somi where about 1808, and if so, where could any informatio be obtained as to her nnme, or that of tho commander ? Perhaps Mr. Obed West, or some other old colonist, ma be enabled to supply tho information desired. Pineapple Marmalado-M. El K. M.; If the pineapple : cut in thin slices, it can only be properly preserved h treating it as if for marmalade. Cut oft the coro and har rind, and grate or chop up the remainder, very fine., ... Plac it with an equal weight of sugar in a preserving pan, an boil over slow fire, skimming until done. While, wari placo it in preserving jars and cover as usual. Altering Will-J. C. (Woodhill) asks.- Can a will b legally altered in tho margin, or,any way, after it has bee signed and witnessed, with or without the knowledge c the witnesses, by the testator?-No; any alteration mUE take the form of a codicil, which may bb witnessed by pei ; sons other than those who witnessed the-will. It j always best, however, to make a fresh will. . . Falling Hair (Muswellbrook) : Ono of t he best remedie is to, wash the head with borax andwater, then cleanse tb ' rcalp, and when dry comb and brush it wôll.i^l^BO use th V following application night and morning :-Take"of spirit . of rosemary; 2ÓZ j oil of nutmegs, 30 drops ; oil .of lavondoi 10 drops j tiiioturo of cantharides, ioz ¡ mix. Thisshoub > bo used once a day, mixed in tho hand with a 1 ittlo pouui tum. ?'.'.? Robbery under Arms-H. ; J.-M'c. asks : Has robber i under arms-that is, merely, " sticking up\',without oom . ,mitt'n¿mürder while so dolng^réver been a capi'al 'offene ;itf Now Böuth Wales since the days of Gardiner, tho bush ? ranger? I have laid a wager that ';m°re robbery undo tirms is not, and nevor was, a eapital. crime sines th days of Gardiner.-You are correct; it is not a, capita offence. ' Polishing Horn-V. W. (Wee Waa) ; (1.) To polish hon or bone, first scrape tho work porfeotly smooth and level then rub it with Uno sandpaper,, and afterward with a bi of felt dipped in moistened charcoal. When the surfaoi appears sufficiently clear, rub with a little rotten stone and finally with a wash leather damped with sweet oil i (2.) There is no known oure for a dog poisoned witl > strychnine. Cancelled Proteases-G. J. (Barraba) writes:,In Sep ; tomber, 1£81,1 pnid the distriot Land Agent the sum o; » £6 as rent for my pre-leane during 1885} but, as I under L stand all pro-leases were cnnoe?led by the Aot of 1881-, ] want to know how I am to get the amount refunded?-A . reply cannot be given in tho absence of particulars ol , tho. lea ie; but application should be made to thu Depart i ment of Lands. Ensilage'Stacks-Anglo-Indian (Mount Victoria, Tas . mania)-Thanks for tho newspaper cutting. The process has been described in our agricultural nages. Tho prinoiple i is that of pressing tho green fodder to exclude tho oxternul air, and of surrounding, tha top and sides with a kind of , thatoh. Weat Australia-Tuggrnnong: To roach tho railway i works in West Australia, j ou would have to proceed to Perth", where, if your Jabor WOB of tho right kind, you would be: eugaged by ono of Mr. Keauo's agents aud sent I on. At present, West Australia does not present Buohifi good flold for tho selector as does Now South Wales. Perth is the capital of West Australia, and its markets/lire well supplied with general produce ff, ' Loosened Knife Handles-J;>3T. (Surat, Q.) t (l.)t..To fasteu knives and forks in the handlea from which they have beoome loosened, uso tho following cement- Resin llb, sulphur 8oz. molt and roduoo to powd«r. Mix a por- tion with somn fine sand or briokdust, and fill tho cnvltv in tho handle Heat tho Btein of the knifo or fork, iuser!» it in tho hondlp, and when cold it will bo found firmly fixed in its placo. (2.) The annual subsoription to TOWN AND \- COUNTRY is 25s. Title to Creek Waters-Hard Times: Notwithstanding tho fact that you havo supplied us'with'a plan, your state \ ment is by no means clear. " It'is generally understood tim1; the owners on either side of a river, not being a tidal ono, aro considered entitled to tho middle of tho stream. We ? do not seo how this position would bo altered bv the fact i of tho stream hoing a creek. Uudor tlioBO circumstances, i wo do not think.that O ÍB entitled to tako his cattle up tho creek in tho way described by you. Pnblio Roads-X. Y. Z. (Little River) nsks-(t;) I havo i selected a pioco of grouud through which au old track runs. After holding tho ground about threo roars I fence the road. Can my neighbor pull up or cut the fence down, or what should I do to prevent bim from so doing P-If the road hos been regularly used by the publio for seven years or moro you cannot close it. (2.) Next week. (3.)_The Easter holiday fareB on the:various railways will bo adver- tised in a few days. (4.) Next week. Parental Authority-Justice (Wentworth)-Wo simply stated tho law in reference to the matter as represented to us. . If the law. should bo found karak. or oppressive in certain instances, it may be a reacon for obtaining an amendment of Ihe law, but not for our Riving a reply at variance with faot. If, however, the wife cnn show that the father is an unfit, person to*'have ohildren, sho should apply toa judge for ah order to retain them in her charge. , , . Y ,. :' :\Ï Prosecution-Gamma asks: (1.) Having good evidence against a man for obtaining money under false pretenqes, should I get a summons out against him P .Who would have to p osecute him, I or the Crown P-It depends on tho facta of tho cose. You would have to prosecute in the first in- stance, having taken out tho summons. (2.) Iu'thèovent of a noii-conviotion, cnn he enter an action against mo for malicious prosecution ?-Not .' if lhere wore reasonable grounds for prosecuting him. 1 Hop Boer-Truthful James: Two-gallons water, 211 sugar, 3d. of lump ginger (only use'half of it), one verj large handful of hops. Put tho whole of tho ingrédients into the water, and boil for three minutes. Remove from the fire, but leave it in the boiler until the next. day. When it is nearly cold add 2d of yeast, After it has stood throual tho night skim well, and strain through muslin, which, foi convenience, can be placod in a oullonder. Bottle it up tight, and in threo days.it is ready for uso. Adding Name-Sunbeam asks : If a man,wishes to add another name to that which he already possesses, how ie he to manage P MuBt it be registered, and if so, by whom ? Will papers signed by him with the added name ho legnl before the chango is registered?-Ho should give notice of his intention three several times in .the"- GOVERNMENT GAZETTE, and also register same at i he Registrar- General's office. The'altered signature would not be legal unless the pai ty was best known by the name dsed. . - Salt-Constant Reader asks : How may common salt bo so treated as to being still useful for manufacturing and agricultural purposes, and for cattle, while becoming un- fit for human consumption ? Edible sale must not bo .easily extrnlctod from the preparation. M should add as nn essential that tho coat of .process must not vb« more than about" sixpence per hundred wéight of .siit.rrYou.cnn mix it with charcoal or cattle food; but ns regards manufacturing purposes it depends on what branch it Ts to be used for. Title'tb Farm-J. L. (Cambewarra) writes : A man pur? chased a farm, getting the deeds for same, and then left tho district. His neighbor cleared the fnrm, fenced it, and occupied it, being succeeded, after his death, by .his¡sonj the two.'haviug.consooutive possession bf tho farm for over J20 years. No permissloU was asked or given to occupy the farm. Can the holder of the title doods dispossess the j'flbriP^r-Tho original owner cannot clnim the farm if another 'persbn hás been in ostensible possession over 20 years. " : . Witness's Costs-X. Y. Z. (Sydnoy) writes; In a recent aásáult caso the plaintiff subpoenaed my wife as a witness, and on tho first any the caso was remanded for a few days ¡ "and next time it was disuiissed. the plaintiff nnd defendant to each pny,their own costs. .My wife goes out washing, nnd gets 4s per day; can I sue the plaintiff for her two days' pny for hor attendance at court?-Your wife cnn claim witness's expenses. She should apply to the plain- tiff's solicitor, and obtain what has been allowed to her. . Alleged Damnge by Railway Contractor-;H, J. W. writes: The railway is going through my.]nrid, àud tho contractor h's s taken down my fence, letting the live stoök on my land.'».; How should I proceed P-^Sue the contractor for any daniagq done. (2.)i Can I recover, the damage donó .-to fmy fence «by'àth'é contractor Pr-Yés, he is Iiab'è.for any wilful damagoj done to. it; -' (3.) How can I got the money due to; me for.ln.nd tnken for railway.purposPs P-Put .the matter in a solicitor's bandst He, will got the money for you...; '.'? ;v ;-:".;-'. Ohutnoy-D. B. W. (Waverloy) : Take 201b ripe tomatop, boil until soft, strain through a hair aieve^ retaining all except skins and seeds. Boil again for one hour; then add one quart of the best malt vinesrarj 8bz. of' salt, and^oz of cayenne pepper, loz bruised cloves; Soz carlie/shred small, llb white sugar, ,,}lb currants, iib Sultana raisins; the juice of ono lomon, »with its skin in thin slices, four large apples, cored like, the divisions of nn oranve. Boil all together until the water is all gono. When cold, bottle and cork.1^ '.. ; . . Fencing-C..*G. T. asks : Can the owner of a leasehold area in Now South W.oles,>ór in Queensland, compel tho owner, of the;adjoining leasehold area to pay half the ex- pense b£ the jÜividing"'to so,- what notice must be given, nndiwiiat 'description .pf, fence is sufficient ?-Yes." Six months'. notice must lie! given. If the laud belongs to t.he.Crow4,ariâythe lease" is j annual or , for a Bhórt period. ksay two or three years, the fencing law does not apply. A throe rail fence is that recognised by law, but the owners may erect what kind of fenoe they may mutually decide . upon. . ' J .... Limo Water-Murrurundi : Take limo 2oz, distilled water two 'quarts.' , Êjhick tho lime with a little of the water, thon pour in- remainder of "water, stir well, and cover vessel, lotting it rest about four hours. Keep tho solution, with the undissolved lime,' in.Rláss-stopperod bottles, and when wanted for URO pour off ,tho clear liquor only. Lime water thus prepared is nn anti-acid tonic, kills worms, and frees the bowpls from slimy and morbific matter. It promotes digestion, and is valuable"'in looseness, scrofula, diabetes, and whites. Vinegar-Pearl : To make first-olnss vinegar necessi- tates tho use of apparatus and nnpliaucOs on a irirge sra'o, but you cnn mako good vinogir by Inking', say, a bushel of sour apples, cutting or pounding them-well, and placing them in a tub'until fermentation commences. Add as much water nsj.thav will absorb, repeating tho process daily. . At tho, end of a month strain the liquor into aensk, to every »allon adding half a pint of hot vinegar, which has been boiled down from one pint. In six weeks you will have some vory good vinegar. Tank Cleansing Apparatus-Squatters (Wilcannia) asks: If there ÍB any machine yet invented that is successful in deaning ihe mud nnd other rubbish that collocts in the bottom of tanks when these tnnks are full of water. Some largo tanks seldom or over get dry, but aro coustnntly re- ceiving mud and rubbish, and in the courre of tin, o would get filled. If a machine could be invented, not too costly, that would olean out mud while wafer, is in them, it would be of immense service to tho back blooks. Here is a ohnnco for tho ingenuity of Australian inventors ? Italian Debt-J. B. (Grey Valley. N.Z.) : Wo have en- deavored to procure the information roquirod, but cannot find the amount of purchase money recorded. The nost of the vessel, exclusivo of armament, was we believe, £800,000. (2.) The publio debt of Italy at tho close of 1884 was £21,058,707. (8.) We do not know how rnnuy members nt present compose the Italian S^nato, but the constitution does not impose any limit*, cn tho numbor. (4.) Send the damaged oopy of the j»icturo to the TOWN AND COUNTRY office, Sydney, and another shall bo forwarded to you. Broach of Agreement-Employo nsks : Suppose I am ongaged by a Arm for six months by written agreement, prepared by a labor ngont, and signed by him for tho firm, of whinh I have.a.copy, should tho firm dissolve partner- ship, I being six wookR thort of tho 1 erm of agreement, cnn I claim for the six woolrs'.wngei P Would tho ngont have to appear P Can I sno nf tor they dissolve partnership P-You oan clnim wages for tho six wcoks. The agent would not have to appear unless tho authenticity "of tho wrifcton acrroement wera disputed. You can sue both partners, hut shbuld commence with tho ono taking over tho business.' TovrcUs Title-(Bodalla) asks for an explanation of Torrens's Tldlo, viz., whothoi- it is a term of lease fora numbor of years, or froobold, &c.; ns a great deni of land is disposed of undor thiB title P-Itrofors to tho system of registering titles toland nuder tho Real Property Act, nnd is so oallodfrom Sir R, R. Torrens, ita originator, Tba system applies only to freeholds, the holder of a Torrens tillo being regarded as the indisputable ownor of the land desaribod thoroln. A Torrens title ia granted only whore the claim lo ownership is clonr, theroby facilitating subse- quent transfers, and at ,the rame time preventing un- necessary delay or expanse; . Silvering Glass-amateur (Moreo) ¡ A lnoking-?lass caa be ro-silvorcd, but tho whole ot the old tinfoil at tho baok would havo to bo previously re- moved. Tho procesa is apparently very simple, but it requires considerable oxporienoo to insure success. A sheet of tinfoil of the biro roquirod is spread perfectly snioo' h ou Ihosilvoriug stone, and covered with quicksilver. Tho glass is thou placed on tho quicksilver and tinfoil aud subjootod to heavy prossuro, tho result hoing that tho thin Ulm of quicksilver amalgámalos with ;ho tinfoil, and adhering to the under surface of the glass, produces the reflecting surface on.the other. Ministers without Seats-Constant Header asks : (1.) Hana Minister of the Crown who comes boforo his COL. itituents and loses his seat in the Assembly continuo to aold office, if so for how long ?--He could hold oflice until UÍB successor was appointed, oí* until ho was olccted for mother constituoney. (2.) Does a Minister holding a seat in tho Legislative Council require the approval of anyone but tho Governor-iuvCouncll?-No.. (3.) Cnn tue Governor in- Council increase the number of members in the Legisla. Live Council at his pleasuro, or only to fill up vacancies as they occur, through death or »otherwise ?-Hé can, with tho consent of the Executive Council, appoint any person bo dooms flt. Russian Oil Wells-Fitzroy i The Russian oil rogion covers an area of over 14,000 square miles, with 42 oil wells in one district, over 100 in another and 400 in a third, while there are still rich regions waiting to be developed to produce still greater results. One spoutin? well produces 2,000,000 gallons a day. The oil is found in places at a depth of 100 feot, and nowell hus gone be'ow 875 feet. Throe Swedish brothers and a fow Americans and llussiaus who have been in America havo introduced method and system, pipe lines, oil carrying barges and steamers, tank carte, refineries, joint-stock companies, railroads, and now produce 800,000 tons of crude aud 200,000 tons; of reflued petroleum, and aro rapidly finding new markets, .i ! ,! . ; Jewish DisalrX ities in England-H. H. asks : (1.) Why the Rbthchilds oouliTiTot formerly tíuy ground and be fret - holders in London P-They were.int debarred from being freeholders, but they wero not allowed to voto at municipal elections norto ocnupy municipal offices. This disquali- fication applied to all;niembcrfl of the Jewish persuasion. (2.) What aotwas passed to prevent tho Jews from gaining a foothold in'"Groat}/ Britain P-No such act was ever passed, but iu tho early dars-of Euglish history the Jews were tho victims of unjust and oppro»sivo legislation. (8.) Was it for fear of their usurping the Monarchy ?-The Jews have never been credited with a dosiro to acquire possession of the British throne, tho popular dislike of thom having its rise in what'«a leading historian discribes as "ignorant sectarianism'.?' Educational-Student (Plattsburg) asks: (1.) Can you recommend any grammar that treats of parsing, querie?, or explanations, ns most standard grammars only give a mero outline ; or .'any similar work, treatiun upon tho con- struction, of our language?-Abbott's "How to Parse," .l.ij Giles's "English Parsing,"-'2s Gd; Locke's "Parsing and Analysis," 2s ; àiulJMoreH's " Analysis of Soxtonccs Explained,'', 2a Od.' AU ^pQst free from any Sydney book- seller, . ^2;)'What JB tho best work on geography for edit ontional purposes,', troatiug of the physical or general geography of our continent, as Hughes's works give aoino very crude ideas relating to Australia in gonoralP-Such a work has yet to be published j,but you will find Smith's "Outlines of Australian Geography'' (4d, post free) very useful. . (3.) The worlc can be obtained from tho author, LiverpooNstreet, Sydney. (4.) Good, but composition im peifeot. You: should Jsay " treating of," not "treating upon." (5.) Send' twelve stamps to Robertson and Co., Sydney. :. 1 -Nationalityof Vessel-H. C. (Nowoastle) writes: Meet ing a friona .casually in tho Btreet the other day, he remarked to mo, "Hare.you been on board tho German Bbip that arrived last,night?" and I Md him that no Gerinnn - ship had como in. He then said it was either a German or a Norwegian vessel, and I thereupon offered to bet him 5s that it was neither, affirming at the samo time that sho was a British ship. He accepted the bet, rind upon malting inquiries wo discovored that I was right in declaring shewas a British ship. My friend now-withes to dispute) the wager, ¿ii the ground that he had gone ly the SitirriNü GAZETTE, whilo I had gone by LLOYD'S REGISTER, although at the time the wager was made there was nothing mentioned about where ' we had each derived Otir authority. I .how, ask for tho favor of a decision from you?-LLOYD'S REOISTEK would be correct, unless tho vessel had since been transferred tc foroigu owners, when sho would duly appear With her nationality corrected iu a later issue of LLOYD'S. , Leaseholds-W. D.. (Parkes) writes: On April 4,1878, 1 selected 500 aores, and on October, 3 following, another 80 acres.. On the following day 1 applied for aprelease, which was granted or- gazetted February ll, Í879, tho lease "amounting to 1740 hores.v.".I poid' rent up to September lasti when the district land agent .refused to take it. I made application *in duo time .to have the prolonso conver- ted into a conditional lease, and when it came boforo the land board the chairman said he would recommend that tho lease be granted ; but I only got 83 acres. During the time I had the preleaso I made two improvement purchases, wnioh are so situated that they overlap the selections, leaving between! them' a road 1 chain wide and 8 chains long. Do you think, these improvement purchases aro the cause of my not getting the ground; or can I take che laud up under any other kind of Mease P Tho selections and lea*e required by,: me are on the' leasehold portion of the run, but are fenced in P-It is Impossible to answer this question. You should communicate with the Department of Lands or the local board office at Forbes. It moy be that the improvement purchases have led to the reduction of the area of the lease, and it is thought that tho laud cannot bo obtained under any other leasehold tenure. Government Surveyors and their Assistants-Subscriber (Grafton) asks : ,(1.) A salaried suiveyór employs men, and the Government1»pays.; them ; biit does the Government state what they aro tôrobbi ve?-Tho survoycr employs tho men, and the Government pays them according to a fixed >Boale.' (2.).Must the;surveyor spend all he receives for camp expenses; or is it to his own benefit to inako it cheaper ?-The.surveyorneed »ot spoudall he roceives for camp oxpouseB. . Tho camp' allowance is gonorally moro than enough to pay tho actual exponses, to makeup for the low salary which thoy reçoive. .(3.) Must the surveyor find horses or means for the men'to romove camp ¿nd them- selves with ?-The men should find their own means of shifting about. (4.) In signing vouchors (on the voucher thero is a printed note " Wo have received tho amount set opposite our names"), in at least forty-nine oiit of fifty cases thero is no amount given opposite the Signaturen of tho men. Is it compulsory'for the surveyor to put the amount there before it is~paid over ?-4-The men should see, when they sign the vouchers, that the proper am'ounts are filled in, if thoy cannot trust the surveyor. (5.) Suppose I had been working for a-surveror and had signed numerous "blank vouchers, how could I find out the amount ropro sontod to have been paid to me?-You might ascertain at tho .Survey Offico, or at the Treasury. (6.) Would I have any redress ?--Yon would be ablo to recover from tho sur- veyor any difference thero might bo;betweon tho amount reooivod and the amount mentioned lon the voucher. (7.) You ore ontitlod to tho full allowance. TALKS WITH ConnESPONDENTS : Selecting on the Bich mond (CF.)-Looks a bad case, but we could: not pub- lish tho letter without tho risk of a libel action. Your member should'take the. matter in hand.-j--Egg Plant;-We are iii receipt of a fine speoimen of Bolarvüm ovigérum'; for' .hame -possibly:-That Trees (F.)-Not bad, but.tehses mixed.--Tho deficit and it's remedy (S.H.)-You are quito correct. The owners of preatareas of land held for speculative pur . poses should pay a fuir proportion of expenditure for police and other expenses for land protection. Glad nlwij'B to get nows items from conntry places. Land Lottery (Tlokét Holders, St; Kilda).-Lucky for you that you do not resido this tide tho bordér, where, ?j however decisivo a pi'oo of sharp practice maybe, it j it must not be denominated a swindle. In faot, as the laws of the lawyers nro manipulated hero, tho greater tho rogue tho greater the (.amagos inflintod for giving the thing the title it hns earned. You will understand why that particular cuso is not mentioned. But let tho meeting pass resolutions, by all ineunp, and send them along. If possible, they will seo tho;light of : print.-Parted (Victim).-Judged by tho lines, the best thoy could do wa6 to part ; but it would be a oruolty to inflict them fnrthor. — Govett’s Leap (R.W.S.)— You have the wrong version of the story. Govett did not leap over and kill himself. Otherwise tho paper is powerful. The Govett Leap theory was dealt with fully in our columns a short time since. Try some other subject, and if with less ghost and grave yard, so much the better. -University.-Mr. T. C. Barker writes from Maryland to tay that " by gross carelessness of your reporter, you havo converted my name into Bowker," When Mr. Barker knows somo more, he will learn that thero is no rulo for spoiling uames, and that tho chango mentioned, if change thero were, may havo occurred in any one of half a dozen bands or more through whioh tho names passed, in addition to that of tho roporter. And may thero not havo boon a "Bowker " as well as a Barker? Wo aro always willing to cori oat mistakes, bo thoy vory small or of groator moinout, but would suggest that to sociit o correction it is nnt necessary, to run full ti't against tho reporter, who, as a rulo, is much moro desirous of pleasiug than offcniiug. I; 