THE WAR IN MADAGASGAE AND THE ..-. JESUITS: - -wii-'::.: This war,. as wo long ago pointed out,' was- originated - by 'the: machinations of -thelTrench Jesuits initheirjhatred'to.'Protestant'missiona- < ries who/were .peaceably and quietly doing a goodwork ins thatrcountry, and one 'which the - Jesuits-there. werpLvery envious' of.'-- There- i If ore, when these Jesuits, whom Mr. Slattery I fldmirfls fln, .rrmnh - KnH smf f.h/v flrimr>a wnr alight; -the Protestant missionaries' and Pro-' itestant Christians Buffered severely at Tama-': itiv'e and other places,. and so badly was the: i xiuv. mr. onuw ueaieu inai e ranco unci ro pay a largo indemnity. A letter to tho: Madagas-' car Times, giving an account of a "Tour up \- the East -Coast," casually mentions the detcst- I able tactics of the Jesuits as follows " 1 have not been able to give ycu any news since last March, aB I have been in Tamatave, and the French open or steal people's letters. Once I received two papers two days after the letters had been delivered, and after the Post master told me thero was nothing for me. All my Malagasy Gazettes have been stolen from the packets. About Tamatave there is little to say that is not well known to you nil. The The French are tired of the war, and aro dying with the fever like flies. I never saw a day in Tamatave without two or threo'funerals, soldiers' and inhabitants. About two or three WOUCtn UOLUJl O JL toil J u YVUO 1 L'pui bUU tlltlb Ut French soldiers died at .Vohimar in the spaco of a week with a kind of cholera. A band of 1 disciplihaires' (about 150) were landed at Tamatave, but had to be sent baok to Re union after two or threo weeks' stay. All the, volunteers have finished their time, and not a single one agreed to renew his engagement. This vexed the Admiral, and so lie kept them there against their will. It was reported that a French officer received a ball through the neck at Diego Suarez when tlioy attacked that fort. If any one wishes to starve, let him go to Tamatave. You cannot got a piece of beef except as.a favour, and paying lsl a pound for it, s and three-quarters bone. Eggs ton for, ;a dollar. . In fact, Tamatave is a place where,; no one can stay for several, reasons; ; Manyi foreigners are leaving Tamatave,, and most of: the French (those who signed the petition) are praying God to sec the war over. - They; are all saying, ' Where are the good times we' . naa witn tno novas r -ana, now giaa wo should be if wo wore British subjects.' - Now' it appears they have discovered their mistake and reerret what they have done. T'lie Jesuit' priests have a good time of this1 war; They' are sowing disorder in every family in Tama- ltavo'-by taking their, servant's for catechism, ... and the '.women' also ; but . the ;wotneri go at another 'time of the, day. ;Tvvo priests, Fathers Chevalier arid.Lacombe, came to me about five or six times' to take away the natives in my: oitmlnv Knf. T. wflQ, nf Inntrflt fn > threaten to put them out of ;my house; and then: they, left; me quiet until II eft; They have the- reputation of carrying on tho most .scandalous doings. Thoy have no children; at school, and wish to debauch all people's servants. It appears that they are the prin cipal people desirous of seeing the war over, as they are afraid the Protestant .'missionaries.. . will take away alljthbirrit'fes. : t was always'' surrqurided. by certain people who call them selves British subjects trying to find out, what , was going on, and at last one told .me that . I liad better leave Tamataye as soon as possible. Ihnerely replied, '. All right, let- them -turn -mo out.' , . I next made a' trip to St. Mary's Island, taking a passage on. board theFrench man-of- , war , Roraancho. -It would require a ream of paper to : relate the - disorder existing on board : of her. I was treated most shamofullv. - As soon as we leftTamatave an' officer came to me1 and ordored rno!to go-for-- ward, and I was obliged to stay' on deck among sheep and cows, and during the wholo ' night I could not find place to ' shelter '-myself from the rain, and I was wot' through'.' ' The next morning they kept me until 10 before they gave mo a passage to go, ashore,, although wo had arrived soon after midnight. Nothing surprised mo. so much as to hear the quarrels .between, officers and , crow. It is oiiuixio4.ui .Lui. r iuiihu iu iiuvo ouuu luoii tu represent her. I preferred -to return to Tama- - tave on board a small -schooner. After nearly three. months in Tamatave I- paid a two days" visit to Fenoarivo.; From there I went to Manaharana, where 1 was well received by the Governor, ; who gave me! a bul lock; as well as geese, ducks,' fowls, and rice. From Manaha rana I paid a visit to Maroantselra, where a cordial reception was given mo by the Gover nor and officers. I the'n came here,. where. Il was '.received in a manner utterly beyond all my expectations. The day after I landed the Lieutenant-Governor came down to, visit- mo, and welcomed mo with, presents, including; a bullock. After my ship left I went up country to visit the Governor at Ambohitsara. :tiere.ioo i ,wan weicomea ro a wen-preparea — breakfast; -How different weie the receptions' ' made to -me by : the Hovas 'arid ,:tlie 'orie the French gave me ! At Tamatave Twrislike an enemy, a spy', a, ghost," arid/still rwas ambhg 'civilised, men; (so! I am told), and' hero, where'' I am amongst barbarians (as the French say) I feel happy as amongst friends. Vlfhlhthe-. foreigners in this country.' had known how, to j behave themselyt s I am sure, everyone would find himself .like .me, forlt is;very easy to live-, .in good relations with the Hoyas.',',, 