THE FAIR CUBAN.-c-?ntiani . Indeed, we had now come to the bayou, which was in that place very narrow and bridged across by a fallen trunk; but on either hand we could see it broaden out, under a cavern of great arms of trees and h?aning creepers; sluggish, putrid, of a horrible and sickly stench, floated on by the flat heads of alligators, and its banks alive with scarlet crabs. "If we fall from that unsteady bridge," said I, "see, where the cayman lies ready to devour us I If, by the least divergence from the path, we should be snared in a morass, see, where those myriads of scarlet vermin scour the borders of the thicket ' Once helpless, how they would swarm to gether to the assault I What could a man do against a thousand of such mailed ssailants 1 And what a death were that to perish alive under their claws I" "Are you mad, girl " he cried. "I bid you be silent and lead on." Again I looked upon him, half relent ing; and at that he raised the stick that wasin his hand, and cruelly struck me on the face. " Lead on Il" he cried again. "Most I be all day, catching my death in this vile slough, and all for a prating slave-girl " I took the blow in silence, I took it smiling; but the blood welled back upon my heart. Something, I know not what, fell at that moment with a dull plunge in the waters of the lagoon, and I told my self that it was my pity that had fallen. On the farther aide, to which we now hastily scrambled, the wood was not so denme, the web of creepers not so solidly convolved. It was possible, here and there, to mark a patch of somewhat brighter daylight, or to distinguish, through the lighter web of parasites, the proportions of some soaring tree. The cypress on the left stood very visibly forth upon the edge of such a clearing; the path in that place widened broadly-; and there was a patch of open ground, beset with horrible ant-heaps, thick with their -.tificers. I laid down the tools and hasket by the cypress root, where they were instantly blackened over with tlhe crawling ants; and looked once mosre in the face of my unconscious victim. MIus quitocs and foul flies wove so close a veil between us that his features were ob scured; and the sound of their flight was like the turning of a mighty wheel. " Here," I said, "is the spot. I cannot dig, for I have not learned to use such instruments; but, for your own sake, I Iheeech you to be swift in what you do." Hle had sunk once more upon the ground, panting like a fish, and I saw rising in his face the same dusky flush that had mantled on my father's. " 1I feel ill," he gasped, "horribly ill; the swamp turns around me; the drone of these carrion flies confounds me. Have you not wine I" I gave him a glass, and he drank greedily. "It is for you to think," said I. "if you should further persevere. The swamp has an ill name," and at the word I ominously nodded. "Give me the pick,"said he. "Where are the jewels buried " I told him vaguely, and in the swelter ing heat and closeness, and dim twilight of the jungle, he bengan to wield the pick axe, swinging it overhead with the visor of a healthy man. At first there broke iorth upon him a strong sweat, that made his faceto shine, and in which the greedy insects settled thickly. "To sweat: in such a place," said I; "oh. master, is this wise I Fever is drank in through open pores." "What do you mean ? " he screamed, pausing with the pick buried in the soil. "Do you seek to drive me mad I Do you think I do notunderstand the danger that Iruh?* "That is all I want," said I; "I only wish you to be swift." And then, -my mind flitting to my father's deathbed, I began to murmur, scarce above my breath, the same rain repetition of words: "Hurry, hurry, hurry." Presently, to my surprise, the treasure seeker took them up; and while he still wielded the pick, but now with staggering and uncertain blows, repeated to himself, as it were the burden of a song, " hurry, hurry, hurry;" and then again, " There is no time to lose; the marsh has an ill name, ill name:" and then back to " Hurry, hurry, hurry," with a dreadful, mechanical, hurried, and yet wearied utterance, as a sick man rolls upon his pillow.'& The sweat had disappeared. lie was now dry, but, all that I could see of him, of the same dull brick red. Pre sently his pick unearthed the bag of jewels; but he did not observe it, and continued hewing the soil. "Mfaster," said I, "there is the treasure." He seemed to waken frIm a dream. " Where?" he cried ; and then seeing it before his eyes, " Can this be lossible 1 " he added.. "I must be light-headed. Girl," he cried suddenly, with the saime screaming tone of voice that I had once before observed, "what is wrong ?-is this swamp accursed " "It is a grave," I answered. " You will not get out alive ; and as for tme, :ny life is in _Gid's hands." He fell upon the ground like a man struck by a blow, but whether from the effect of my words, or from the sudslen i seisure, of the malady. I cannot tell. Pretty soon he raised his head. " You have brought me hern to die," he said; "at the risk of your own days, you lhavre condemned mle. Why ?" "To save my houor," I replied. "hear meoutthat I have warned you. G(reed of these pebbles, and not I, lh:s becs your undoer." He took out hIis revolver and lhanded it to me. "You see," he s~aid, "I cou!d have killed you even yet. iBut I am dying, as you say ; nothing coulM save tme, and my bill is long enough a'lre?sv. Dear me, dear me," hlie said, I? lkin in m face with a curious, uzle, 1jtl ail Ia'n ithetic look, like dull child at s-chool, " if there be a judgment afterward, myl bill is lonsg enough." At that Ibroke into a p,.isi,,n of weeI lag, crawled at his foel, kiseCt hIis hands, begged his forgircuteos, put the isotol ackiato his grasp. an'd besusl': him to avenge his death ; firr, indeedl, if with smy life 1 could lha brought back hIis, 1 had not balanccd at the clst. BIut ihe ws de termined, thle oor ssusl, that I should yet more bitterly regret 'ry act. " I have nothing to for"ive,' said ihe. "Dear hearen, wlt a thi;:g is Lan ld fool! I thouhit, upns miy s1rd, aou had taken quite a f:lcy, to ei." HIe was seized at the sacis tiime withl a dreadful, swuisnin'dizzise's', clungii tso im like a cdihtil, and caled, upion the name of somse w?o sian. Pi.'rntly ti;' lspiksis, whics I had wsote.lt'l i itsi cho?ing ti is,lesseaed ald died oaway, awl hle ca:ei again to tihe full ipossc.-in of his mind. "I must write my will," hie said. '" Gect out my pocket-book." I did so, and lie sr',tr hurriedly on tte lsage soith a 0n01. "Do not let my soni kinow," he said; "lihe is a cruel dor. isa my nson Philip; do not let him know hoiyou have paid me out;" and then all of a sudden, "God," he cried, "I am blind," and clapped both hands before his eyes ; and then aain, and in a groaning whisper "Don't leave me to the crabs I " I swore I would be true to him so long as a pulse stirred, and I re deemed my promise. I sat there and watched him, as I had watched my father, but with what different, with what appal ling thoughts! Through the long after noon he gradually sank. All that while 1 fought an up-hill battle to shield him from the swarms of ants and the cloud of mosquitoes-the prisoner of my crime. The night fell, the roar of insects in stantly redoubled in the dark arcades of the swamp, and still I was not sure that he had breathed his last. At length, the flesh of his hand, which I yet held in mine, grew chill between my fingers, and I knew that I was free. I took his pocketbook and the revolver, being resolved rather to die than to be captured, and laden besides with the basket and the bag of gems, set forward toward the north. The swamp, at that hour of the night, was filled with a con tinuous din; animals and insects of all kinds, and all inimical to life, contribut ing their parts. Yet in the midst pf this turmoil of sound I walked as though my eyes were bandaged, beholding nothing. The soil sank under my foot with a horrid, slippery consistence, as though I were walking among toads; the touch of the thick wall of foliage, by which alone I guided myself, aflrighlted me like the touch of serpents ; the darkness checked my breathing like a gag; indeed, I have never suffered such extremes of fear as during that nocturnal walk, nor have I ever known a more sensible relief than when I found the path beginning to mount and to grow firmer under foot, and saw, although still some way in front of me, the silver brightness of the moon. Presently I had crossed the last of the jungle, and come forth among noble and lofty woods, clean rock, the clean, dry dust, the aromatic smell of mountain plants that had been baked all day in sun light, and the expressive silence of the night.. My negro blood had carried me unhurt across that reeking and pestiferous morass; by mere goodefortune I had escaped the crawling and stinging vermin with which it was alive, and I had now before me the easier portion of my enter prise, to cross the isle and to snake good my arr.val at the haven and my accept ance on the English vacht._tIt was im possible by niight to follow such a track as my father had described, and I was casting about for any landmark, and, in my ignorance, vainly consulting the dis position of the stars, when there fell upon my ear, fron somewhere far in front, the sound of many voices hurriedly speaking.. I scarce knew upon what grounds I acted, but I shaped my steps in the direc tion of that sound, and in a quarter of an hour's walking came unperceived to the margin of an open glade. It was lighted by the strong moon and by the flames of a fire. In the midst there stood a little low and rude building surmounted by a cross ; a chapel, as I then remembered to have heard long since desecrated and given over to the rites of Hoodoo. Hard by the steps of entrance was a black mass, contiuually agitated and stirring to and fro as if with inarticulate life, and this I presently perceived to be a heap of cocks, hares, dogs, and other birds and animals, still struggling, but helplessly tethered and cruelly tossed one upon another. Both the tire and the chapel were sur rounded by a ring of kneeling Africans, both men and women. Now they would raise their palms half-closed to heaven, with a peculiar, passionate gesture of sup plication; now they would bow their heads and spread their hands before them on the ground. As the double nmovement ,passed and repassed along the line the heads kept rising and falhng, like waves upon the sea ; nd still, as if in time to these gesticulations, the hurried chant continued. I stood spell-bound, knowing that my life dpended by a hair, knowing that I had stumbled on a celebration of the rites of Hoodoo. Presently the door of the' chapel opened, and there catme forth a tall negro, entirely nude, and bearing in his hand the sacriticial knife. He was followed by an apparition still more strange and shock ing: Madamiee Mendizabal, naked also, and carryingi in both hands and raised to the level of her face an open basket of wicker.' It was tilled with coiling snakes, and these, as she stood there with the up lifted basket, shot through the osier grat ing and curled about her arms. At the sight of this the fervor of the crowd seesmed t. swell suddenly higher, and the chant risot in pitch aind grew mnore irregu lar in tis:, 'and accent. Then, at a sign from the tall negro, where l he tiod amotionless and nmling in the tmoon and tirelight, the singing died away, and there began the second stage of this barbarous at:d bloody celebration. i Fromn different parts of the ritng, o!e after another man or woman ran f.rth into the midst ; dulcked, with that sas.ne :.sture of the thrown-up haned, be fire the priestess and her snakes; and, with various adjurations, uttered aloud the blackest wishes of the heart. Death and disease were the favors usually in voked--the death or the disease of enemies or rivals ; some calling down these plagues uHan the nearest of tlheir own blood, and s,oe to whom I swear I had never been less than kindi invoking them upon my self. At each petition, the t:dl negro, still smiling, picked up some bird or animlaa frum the heaving mass upon his left. slew it with Iris knife, and tossed its bady oni the -round. At length, it seemed, it reached the turn of the high- priestess. a. set doawn the basket on tihe steps, groaveUed in the dust before the reptiles, and still rovelling liftedl up hlier voice, between sploech and singing, and with so great, withl so insane a fervor of excite Inent, as struck a sort of horror through my blood. "Power," slhe begai, " twhose name we do nt utter; power that is ineither gaod inor evil, but below them both; stronger than good, greater than evil-all my life long 1 have adored and served thee. Who lhas shed blood upon thy altars I WYhose voice is broken with the singing of thy praises ? Whose limbs are faint before their age with leaping in thy Srevels ? Who has slain the child of her Sbody 1 I," slte cried, "1, Metamntobu l Iy my own name I name myself. I tear away the veil. I would be served or terish. Ifear me, sliime of the fat swamp, blackness of the thunder, venom of the serpent's udder--lhear or slay me I I would lhave two thlings, O shapeless one, O hIorror of emuptin?e?--two tliits, or die ! The blood of my white-faced hlus h:bond ; oh, girve me that ; he is the enemy of hloolos; give me his blood l Anad yet niothier, 0 racer of the blind winds, 0 germuinator of the ruins of the dead, O Sroot of life, root of corruption I Ltrow old, I groew hideous; I am unknown, I am lnntted for my life ; let thy servant then lay by this outworn body; let thy chief priestess turn again to the blossom of her days, and be a girl once more, and .the desired of all men, oven as in the past I And, 0 lord and master as I here ask a marvel not yet wrought since we were torn from the old land, have I not preo pared the sacrifice in which thy soul delighteth--the kid without the horns 7" Even as she uttered the words, thero was a great rumor of joy through all the circle of the worshippers ; it rose, and fell, and rose again ; and swelled at last into rapture, when the tall negro, who had stepped an instant into the chapel, reap peared before the door, carrying in his arms the body of the slave-girl, Cora. I know not if I saw what followed, When next my mind awoke to a clear knowledge, Cora was laid upon the steps before the serpents; the negro with the knife stood over her; the knife rose, and at this I screamed out in my great horror, bidding them, in God's name, to pause. A stillness fell upon the mob of canni bals. A moment more and they must have thrown off this stupor, and I infallibly have perished. But heaven had designed to save me. The silence of these wretched men was not yet broken, when there arose in the empty night a sound louder than the ioar of any European tempest, swifter to travel than the winag of any eastern wind. Blackness engulfed the world; blackness, stabbed across from every side by intricate and blinding lightning. Al most in the same second, at one world swallowing stride, the heart of the tornado reached the clearing. I heard an agoniz ing crash, and the light of my reason was overwhelmed. When I recovered consciousness, the day was come. I was unhurt ; the trees close about me had not lost a bough ; and I might have thought at first that the tornado was a feature in a dream. It was otherwise indeed; for when I looked abroad I perceived I had escaped des truction bya hand's-breath. Rightthrough the forest, which here covered hill and dale, the storm had ploughed a lane of ruin. On either hand the trees waved uninjured in the air of the morning, but in the forth right course of its advance the hurricane had left no trophy standing.. Everything in that line, tree, man, or" animal, the desecrated chapel and the votaries of Hoodoo, had been subverted and destroyed in that brief spasm of anger of the powers of the air. Everything, but a yard or two beyond the line of its passage, humble flower. lofty tree, and the poor vulnerable maid who now kneeled to pay hier gr.:i tude to heaven, awoke unharlmed in tihe crystal purity and peace of the new day. To move by the path of the tornadei was a thing impossible to man, so wildlyv were the wrecks of the tall forest piled together by that fugitive convulsion. I crossed it indeed, with such labour and patience, with so many dangerous slips and falls, as left me, at the further side, bankrupt alike of strength and cour age. There I sat down a while to recruit nmy forces; and as I ate (how should I bless the kindliness of heaven !) my eyes, flitting to and fro in the colonnade of the great trees, alighted on a trunk that had been blazed. Yes, by the directing hand of Providence. I had been conducted to the very track I was to follow. With what a light heart I now set forth, and, walk ing with how glad a step, traversed the uplands of the isle ! It was hard upon the hour of noion when I camne, all tattered and wayworn. to the summit of a steep descent, and looked below me on the sea. About all the coast, the surf, roused by the tornado of the night, beat with a particular fury and made a fringe of snow. Close at my feet I saw a haven, set in precipitious and palm- crowned bluffs of rock. Just out side a ship was heaving on the surge, so trimly sparred, so glossily painted, so elegant and point device in every feature. that my heart was seized with admiration. The English colors blew from her m.ast head, and from my high station I caught glimpses of her snowy pllanking, as shei rolled on the uneven deep, and saw the sun glitter on the brass of her deck furni ture. There, then, was omy ship of refuge, and of all my ditliculties only olne r mained-to get on board of her. Half an hour later I issued, at last, out of the woods on a margin of a cove, into whose jaws the tossing and blue billow., entered, and along whose shores tiey broke with a surprising loudness. A wooded promnrotary hid the yacht, and I had walked some distance round the beach in what appeared to be a virgin solitude, when my eye fell on a boat, drawn into a naturad harbour, where it rocked in safety but deserted. I looked about for those who should have , manned her: and presently, in the inunediate entrance of the wood, spied the red em bers of a fire, and, stretched around in various attitudes, a party of slumlering itariners. To these I drew near. Most were Ilacks, a few white, but all dressed with the conspicuous decency of yaclhtsmens ; and one, from his peaked cap and glittering buttons, I rightly divined to be an oticher. flim, then, I t ouched upon the shoulder. lie started up ; the sharpness of his move ment awioke the rest, and they all stared upiln mle in surprise. • 'iWhat. d you want t" said the olticer. "To go io liatrd the yacht," I answered. I thought they all seemied disconcerted at this, and thie ufticer, with something of sl5hapues, asked Cmie who I was. Now I had determined to conceal my name until I imet Sir George, and the first nami e that rose to my lips was that of Scfiora Menidizabel. At the word thlere went a shck aboutI tlhe little party if seamen; the negroes stared at me withl indescrib able eagernSess, the whites themselves withl suoetlhing of a sacred surprise; and in otantly thie spirit of miischief promupted me to add: "Ansl if the snamo is inew to your ears, call me Iet:unnlbasbs." 1 had never seen an effect so wonderful. The negroes threw their hansds inti tlhe air, withl tile same gesture I remarke,1 tlhe niight before about the floodoo camp-tire ; tirst one, and thlen another, ranu ferward andt kneeled dossn antI kissed the skirts of my torn dress; and when the whlite officer broke out nswearisu and calling to knows if they were smad, the coloured seamen took him by tile shoulders, dragged him on one side till they were out of I-earing, and surrounded him with opsen mouths and extravagant pantomime. The oflicer seemed to struggle hard; he laughed aloud, and I sas lhim miake gestures of dissent and protest; but in the end, whether overconmel by reason or simply weary of resistance, lie gave in-ap proacheld mo civilly enoughl, but withl somethinilg lf a snCeerilg msiansser under neath --andi tsuching c is cap, " Iy lady," said he, "if tlsat is what you are, soy boat is ready." M'v receltio on boardl the rmcoroe (for so tlhe yacht was named) partook of thesameminglednature. We weresrarcely ii hail of that great and eleganst fabric, where she lay rolling gunwale under and churninig the blue sea to snow, before the bulwarksr were lined with thle heads of a great crowd of seamen, black, white, and yellowv ; andthecse and the eow who maimned the boat began exchanging shouts in some lingua franca incomprehensible to me. All eyes were directed on the passenger, and once more I saw the negroes toss up their hands to heaven, but now as if with pas sionate wonder and delight. At the head of the gangway I was re ceived by another officer, a gentlemanly man with blonde and bushy whiskers, and to him I addressed my demand to Sir George.. "But this is not--" he cried, and paused. "I know it," returned the other officer, whohadbrought me from the shore ; " but what the devil can we do I Look at all the niggers I " I followed his direction; and as my eye lighted upon each, the poor, ignorant Africans ducked and bobbed and bowed and threw their hands into the air, as though in the presence of a creature half divine..'.Apparently the officer with the whiskers had instantly come round to the opinion of his subaltern, for he now ad dressed me with every signal of respect. "Sir George is at the island, my lady," said he, "for which, with your ladyship's permission, I shall immediately make all sail. The cabins are prepared. Steward, take Lady Greville below." Under this new name, then, and so cap tivated by surprise that I could neither think nor speak, I was ushered into a spacious and airy cabin, hung about with weapons and surrounded by divans. The steward asked for my commands, but I was by this time so wearied, bewildered, and disturbed that I could only wave him to leave me to myself, and sink on a pile of cushions. Presently, by the changed motion of the ship, I knew her to be under way ; my thoughts, so far from clarifying, grew the more distracted and confused ; dreams be gan to mingle and confound them. and at length, by insensible transition, I sank into a dreamless slumber. When I awoke the day had passed, and it was once more morning. The world on which I reopened my eyes swam strangely up and down ; the jewels ins tihe bag that lay beside chinked beside me ceaselessly ; the clock and the barometer wagged to and fro like pendulums, and overhead seamen were singinig out at their work, and coils of rope Ilattering and thumping on tih deck. Yet it was l:nag before I had divined that I was at sea. Long before I had recalled, one after another, the tragical, mysterious, and in explicable events that had brought me where I was. When I had done so, I thrust the jewels, which I was surprised to find had been respected, into the bosom of my dress, and seeing a silver bell hard by upon a table, rang it loudly. The steward instantly appeared; I asked for food, and he proceeded to lay the table, regarding me the while with a disquieting and per tinacious scrutiny. To relieve myself of my embarrassment I asked him, with as fair a show of ease as I could muster, if it were usual for yachts to carry so nu nnernus a crew. "Madame," said he, "I know not who you are, nor what mad fancy has induced you to usurp a name and an appalling destiny that are not yours. I-warn you from the soul. No sooner arrived at the island'" At this moment he was interrupted by the whiskered officer, who had entered unperceived behind him, and now laid a hand upon his shoulder. The sudden pallor, the deadly and sick fear that was imprinuted on the steward's face formed a startling addition to his words. " Parker " said the officer, and pointed toward the door. "Yes, Mr. Kentish," said the steward. "For God's sake, JIr. Kentish !" and vanished with a white face from the cabin. Therculen the officer bademo sit down, and began to help me, and join in tlhe encal. " I fill your ladyship's glass," said he, and handed me a tumbler of neat rum. "rSir," cried I, " do you expect me to drink this ?" Ie laughed heartily. " Your ladyship is so nuch changed," said he, " that I no longer expect any one thing more -than any other." Immediately after, a white sea man entered the cabin, saluted both Mr. Kentish and myself, and informed the officer there was a sail in sight, which was bound to pass us very close, 'nd that Mhr. Harland was in doubt about the colours. "Being so near tie island 1" asked Mfr. Kentish. S"That was what Mr. Harland said, sir," returned the sailor, with a scrape. "Better not, I think," said M3r. Kentish. "JIy conmplimenlts to 3Ir. Harland; and if she seem a lively boat, give her the stars and stripes; but if shie be dull, and we can easily outsail her, show John Dutchman. This is always another word for incivility at sea ; so we can disregard a hail or a flag of distress without attracting notice." As soon as the sailor had gone on deck, I turned to the officer in wonder. " Mr. Kentish --if that be your name," said I, "are you ashamed of your own colours I" " Your ladyship refers to the "Jolly Roger I "l he inquired, with perfect gravity, and inmmediately after went into peals of laughter. " Pardon me," said he ; "but here, for the first time, I re cognize your ladyship's impetuosity." Nor, try as I pleased, could I extract from him any explanation of this mystery, but only oily and commonplace evasion. Wnlile we were thus occurpied, the move meat of thie nemnorosu grandually became less violent; its speed at the same.time diminished, and presently, after a sullen plunge, her anchor was discharged into the sea. lKentish immediately rose, offered his arm, and conducted me on deck, where I found we were lying in a road stead among many low and rocky islets, hovered about by an innumerable cloud of sea- fowl. Immediately under our board a somewhat larger island was green withi trees, set with a few low buildings, and approached by a pier of very crazy work manship; and a inshore of us a small vessel lay at anchor. I had scarce time to glance to thie four quarters ere a boat was lowered. I was handed in, Kentish took a place beside me, and we pulled briskly to the pier. A crowd of villainous, armed loiterers, bothl black a white, looked on upon ourlanding, and again thie word passed about among the negeoes, and again I was received with prostrations and tie same gesture of thie tlung-up hand. By this, what with the appearance of these men and the law less, sea-girt spot in which I found mnyself, my courage hegan a little to decline, and, clinsginsg to the ann of MIr. Kentish, I belged him to tell me what it meant. "Nay, madame," he returned, " you know." And leading me smartly through tihe crowd, lwhich continued to follow at a consilderable distance, and at which he still kept looking bucl, I thiought, with apprehension, he brought me to a low house that stood in an encumbeLed yard, openeC the door, ~atd beggel meW to nter, "But why ?" said I. "I demanded to see Sir George." "Madame," returned Mr. Kentish, looking suddenly as black as thunder, ''to drop all fence, I know neither who nor what you are, beyond the fact that you are not the person whose name you have assumed. But be what you please spy, ghost, devil, or most ill-judging jester-if you do not immediately enter that house I will cut you to the earth." And even as he spoke he threw an un easy glance behind him at tlhe following crowd of blacks. I did not wait to be twice threatened ; I obeyed at once, and with a palpitating heart, and the next moment the door was locked from outside and the key with drawn. The interior was long, low, and quite unfurnished, but filled, almost from end to end, with sugar cane, tar- barrels, old tarry rope, and other incongruous and highly inflammable material; and not only was the door locked, but the solitary win dow barred with iron. I was by this time so exceedingly be wildered and afraid that I would have given years of my life to be once more the slave of Mr. Caulder. I still stood, with my hands clasped, the imnago of despair, looking about me on the lumber-room or raising my eyes to heaven, when there ap pcarc outside the window bars the face of a very black negro, who signed to me imperiously to draw near. I did so, and he instantly, and with every mark of fer vor, addressed me a long speech in some unknown and barbarous tongue. "I declare," I cried, clasping my brow, " I do not understand one syllable." " Not 1" he said, in Spanish. "Great, great are the powers of Hoodoo ! Her very mind is changed ! But, oh, chief priestess, why have you suffered yourself to be shut into this cage ?-why did you not call your slaves at once to your defence ? Do you not see tlhat all has been prepared to mur der you ? At a spark this flimsy house will go in tflunes, and alas ! who shall then be the chief priestess !-and what shall be the profit of the miracle ?" "Ileavens !" cried I, "can I not see Sir George] I must, I must, -come by speech of him. Oh bring me to Sir George !" And my terror fairly master ing my courage, 1 fell upon my knees and began to pray to all the saints. " Lordy!" cried the negro, " here they come !" And his black head was in jtantly withdrawn from the window. " I never heard such nonsense in my life," exclaimed a voice. " Why, so we all say, Sir George," re plied the voice of iMr. Kentish ; " but put yourself in my place. The niggers were near two to one. And upon my word, if you'll excuse me, sir, considering the notion they have taken in their heads, I regard it as precious fortunate for all of us that the mistake occurred." " This is no question of fortune, sir," returned Sir George ; " it is a question of my orders, and you may take my word for it, Kentish, either, Harland, or your self, or Parker-or, by George, all three of you !--shall swing for this affair. These are my sentiments. Give me the key and be off." Immediately after, the key turned in the lock, and there appeared upon the threshold a gentleman, between forty and fifty, with a very open countenance, and of a stout and personal figure. " My dear young lady," said he, " who the devil may you be 1" I told him my story in a rush of words. He heard me, from the first, with an amazement you can scarcely picture, but when I came to the death of the Senora Mendizabel in the tornado he fairly leaped in the air. " My dear child," he cried, clasping me in his arms, " excuse a man who might be your father ! This is the best news I have heard since I was born, for that hag of a nmulatto was no less a person than my wife." le sat down upon a tar barrel, as if unmanned by joy. "Dear me," said he, " I declare this tempts me to believe in Providence. And what," he added, can I do for you ?" " Sir George," said I, " I am already rich ; all that I ask is your protection." " Understand one thing," lie said, with great energy; " I will never marry." "Iliad not ventured to propose it," I exclaimed, unable to restrain my mirth; "I only seek to be conveyed to Eng land, the natural home of the escaped slave." "Well," returned Sir George, "frankly I owe you one for this exhilarating news ; besides, your father was of use to me. Now, I have made a small competence in business-a jewel mine, a sort of naval agency, et cetera, and I am on the point of breaking up my company, and retiring to my place in Devonshire to pass a plain old age, unmarried. One good turn de serves another; if you swear to hold your tongue about this island, these little bon fire arrangements, and the whole episode of myunfortunato marriage, why, I'll carry you home aboard the .emoroea." I eagerly accepted his conditions. " One thing more," said he; "my late wife was some sort of a sorceress among the blacks, and they are all persuaded she has come alive again in your agreeable per son. Now, you will have the goodness to keep up that fancy, if you please ; and to swear to them, on the authorityof Hoodoo, or whatever his name may be, that 1 I am from this moment quite a sacred charac ter." ' "I swcar it," said I, "by my father's memory, and that is a vow which I will never break." "I have a considerably better hold on you than any oath," returned Sir George, with a chuckle; "for you are not only an escaped slave, but have, by your own account, a considerable amount of stolen property." ' I was struck dumb; I saw it was too true. In a glance I rocognized that these jewels were no longer mine. Withl similar q uickness I decided that they should be restored-ay, if it cost me the liberty that I had just regained. Forgetfulof all else, forgetful of Sir George, who sat and watched me with a smile, I drew out Mlr. Caulder's pocket- book, and turned to tlhe page on which the dying man had scrawled his statement. How shall I describe the agony of lhappiness and remorse with which I read it-for my victim had not only set me free, but bequeathed to me the bag of jewels. My plain tale draws toward a close. Sir George and I, in my character of hIis re juvenated wife, displayed ourselves arm in-arm among the negroes, and were cheered and followed to the place of em barkation. There Sir GeCrge, turning about, made a speech to his old cosn panions, in which he thaniked acd bade them farewell with a very manly spirit, and toward the end of which he fell on some expressious which I still remember. "II any of you gentry loseyour money," he said, "take care you do not come to me; for in the first place I shall do my best to have you murdered; and if that fails, i'll hand you over to the law. Blackmail won't do for me. I'll rather risk all upon a cast than be pulled to pieces by degrees. I'll rather be found out and hang than give a dolit to one man-jack of you." That same night we got under way, and crossed to the port of New Orleans, whence, as a sacred trust, I sent the book to Mr. Caulders son. In a weeks's time the men were all paid off, new hands were shipped, and the Nesmorosa weighed her anchor for old England. A more delightful voyage it were hard to fancy.,. Sir George, of course, was not a conscientious man, but he had an af fected gayety of character that naturally endeared him to the young; and it was interesting to hear him lay out his pro jects for the future, when he should be returned to Parliament, and place at the service of the nation his experience of marine affairs. I asked him if his notion of piracy upon a private yacht were not original, but he told me no. "A yacht, MlissValdevia," he observed, is a charted nuisance. Who smuggle 7 Who rob the salmon rivers of the west of Scotland ? Who cruelly beat the keepers if they dare to intervene I The crews and the proprietors of yachts. All I have done is to extend the line a trifle ; and if you ask me for my unbiased opinion, I do not suppose that I am in the least alone. In short we were the best of friends, and lived like father and daughter, though I still withheld from him of course, that respect which is only due to moral excel lence. We wore still some days' sail from Eng land when Sir George obtained from an outward-bound ship a packet of news pavers, and from that fatal hour my mis fortunes recommenced. He sat the same evening in the cabin reading the news, and making savoury comments on the de cline of England and the poor condition of the navy, when I suddenly observed him to change colour. " Hullo !" said he, " this is bad ; this is deuced bad, Miss Valdevia. You would not listen to sound sense, you would send that pocketbook to that man Caulder's son." "Sir George," said I, "it was my duty." " You are pretty paid for it, at least," says he ; " And much as I regret it, I, for one, am done with you. This fellow Caulder demands your extradition." " But a slave," I returned, " is safe in England." "Yes, by George !" replied the baro net ; but it's not a slave, Miss Valdevia, it's a thief that he demands. Ile has quietly destroyed the will, and now ac. cuses you of robbing your father's bank rupt estate of jewels to the value of a hun dred thousand pounds." I was so much overcome with indig nation at this hateful charge and concern for my unhappy fate that the genialbaro net made haste to put me more at ease. "Do not be cast down," said he. " Of course, I wash my hands of you myself. A man in my position-baronet, old family, and all that-can not possibly be too particular about the company that he keeps. But I ama deuced good-humored old boy, let me tell you, when not rufled, and I will do the best I can to put you right. I will lend you a trifle of ready money, give you the addrcss of an excel lent lawyer in London, and find a way to set you on shore unsuspected." He was in every particular as good as. his word. Four days later the c',torosa sounded her way, under the cloak of a dark night, into a certain haven of the coast of England, and a boat, rowing with muffled oars, set me ashore upon the beach withinastone's throwof therailwaystation. Thither, guided by Sir George's direc tions, I grouped a devious way; and find ing a bench upon the platform, sat me down, wrapped in a man's fur great-coat, to await the coming of the day. It was still dark when a light was struck behind one of the windows of the building ; nor had the east begun to kindle to the warmer colours of the dawnbefore a porter, carry ing a lantern, issued from the door and found himself face to face with my unfor tunate self. Hle looked all about himn ; in the grey twilight of the dawn, the haven was seen to be deserted, and the yacht had long since disappeared. "Who are you 1" lie cried. ",I am a traveller," said I. "And where do you come from I "he asked. " I amt going by the first train to Lon don," I replied. In such manner, like a ghost or a new creation, was I with my bag of jewels landed on the shores of England ; in this silent fashion, without history or name, I took my place among the millions of anew country. Some "Dont's" for Husbands. Don't trouble yourself to be on hand promptly at your meals. Your wife will keep your supper as warm as toast in the oven for you. She enjoys your tardiness. Don't hurry; it is vulgar to hurry. Don't begin to eat your breakfast as soon as you sit down to the table. IBury yourself in the morning paper first about fifteen minutes. Then your breakfast will be nice and cold, and less liable to give you the dyspepsia. Your wife enjoys eating in silence and then watching you bolt yours. It in. creases feminine amiability. Don't bang up the towel when you hive finished using it. Toss it lightly to the top of a picture frame or on the heasd-board of the bedstead. Your wife expects to put it in the clothes basket anyway, and by the time she has walked a few yards on the bed I springs or joyftlly rescued it from the pi-c ture, she will be pleasantly reminded of the basket and of-you l Don't neglect to kick up a row if your buttons are not all on and your underwear in perfect order. Don't spare any pains to encourage habits of domesticity in your wife. Manly exertions in this direction have been known to transform a light-hearted girl into en incomparable housekeeper. Don't allow the presence of company to interfere withyour appreciation of your wife's perfection in housckeepinc. If you see dust on the table, wipe it carefully away on your pocket- bhandkerchicf. You will at once in. spire your friends with adimiration for your thoughtfulness. Don't be tied-mouthed about aflairs in your own home. If the cook puts too much butter on the steak call her in at once and reprimand her in stcntlorian tones. You snpport the house, and it is your privilege. Don't forget that you are the captain. Don't feelany hesitancy in inqutirinug of your wife what she did with the half sove reign you gave her four weeks ago. Careless ness in monetary matsers has been known to engender extravagance of a very serious nature in women. Neer forget the old say-. ing that "n woman can throw out of a back window with a spoon more than a man can pitch into the front door with a shorel," and " wilful waste breeds woeful nwant." Don't contract a habit of telling your wife where you go when vou are out nights. The female mind is very susceptible, and what she don't know won't trouble her. Don't fail to break up a few articles of furniture the first time she reads one of your letters, or looks in your pockets. The exer cise may not be agreeable, but the impression you make may do you a good turn in the future, as she is liable to find something you wault not approve, 