THE SALVATION ARMY. AN ALL NIGHT MEETING. Ilithcuto, it in boliovod. no nowspapor corrofljwfidcnt haa over Won permitted to bo present at ono of thoso all-night mcotings of tho Salvation Army, and many rumors con cerning them have been curronu At last an onfctsrpriaing write r on thu staff of the Record hax tounri his way into one by rwiaim of hold- ui!f a ticket obtniued " through somo officer or fnemd knowing tho applicant, and ho prints a description of tho acene hu witw\Mod in a recent isiiuo of that j>a|»or. Thia all-night mooting was to bring tho " In ternational 0 ongrcMs" hold during tho last days of May and llrst of Juno to a olo.ie. Tho mooting w.u timet! to commcnco at lialf-iiaxt tun at tho Congrcws Hall, Clapton, and at that hour tho "Gonoral," accoinivvniod by tho Rov Hugh I'rico Hughes— who took no part in tho proceedings — and members of tiio Booth faudly and others appeared on the . platform, lltoro wore about HOOD persons present, tho scarlet of tho joraoys ami sliirts coutr.isting woll with tho sombre blue "poko" bonnota and gowns of tho women. £tomo of tho bonnuta woruadoriuHl with a lund of ml ribl>on, with tiio words M Salvation Army" inscribed u»on tk At tho back of tho platform was tho brass band, hut without tho big drum, though why there was thia merciful consideration for thu tympana of the audience wo cannot ray. The gathering was called a holiMM incrting im>ro(particnlan% it will appear, for the " oiii- oors," and Miss Kato Booth — who rejoices in the title of La Morcchalo— oxplainwl that it wai an all-night affair, because nt day meetings ovory ono wait anxious to got away for dinner, or somusiicli earthly object, just at the most important, crisis and did not givo " God time to deal with their souls." Tho first jart of tho mooting appear lo have consisted of tho shout ing swaying, singing, hvatorical giving of testimony and all the various peculiarities of tho "Salvationist" molhodof conducting public devotion. Tho General gave anraldreaa founded on 2 Cor., yi,, and part of vii., in whioh ho in sisted that complete dolivoranco from sin wan obtainable, and that the 'blocaing of a " eloan liearfaml M now lifo" would be givon to all who nurrondoretl themselves entirely into God's hands. "Let overy ono who is going to present tho Hallelujah hank-unto to-night nay 4 Amen !'" a tremendous shout being tho ro- sjxmse. Colonel Tucker followed on tho camo lines, and tho Ocncntl ajjrclionttldy hissed him. y cvoral penKms then gave "testimony," f,Major Lawley naming tho ajHit, tho night, and tho hour when all "devilment of every descrip tion" went out of him. This man, too, said ho believed God wax going to do something for him that lie had never done before, " some thing thatrho couldn't find iu tho Bible." il La Mftreehalo" rose soon after half- past ono, and wan very denunciatory against Ihbso. who wore 44 limiting tho power of God ; " while others wore arguing ami discussing, 44 we Salvation Army poopley had proved tho reality of " tho new life." Miss Emma Booth said that oven if tho doctrino of " tho now lifo" woro not found in the Bible (which she did not admit) no ono could dare to aay that tho voico of God tho Holy Ghost had not bHowji tho jiowiiiility of it to every conscience. Should wo strive to resist that voico ? No, let every ono resolve, "Before 1 close my eyes in sloop again, I will bo made clean in tho sight of my Gud." It was now ti quarter past two, and tho crisis was at hand. The "General" raid it was timo for the ponumnl application of what had boon act forth. The. neighborhood of tho "altar," — ns ho tormcd some trostlod tables, in front of tho platform — was cleared, and those who wanted tho Ijord to take " all siiw out of your hearts, " and wore will ing to comply with tho conditions, viz,, to turn overall they had, in fact themselves, into His hands, were invited to come and kneel nt the "altar." He emphasised that thoy wero to nurrendcr not only what ia wrong, but r.ll doubtful things, to ho willing to follow tho Lord to the end of the earth. Thoso who wore bo willing, let them come out and "jump into the cleansing river." Tho scono that followed, says tiio writer in tho Record, defies description. Words fail to picture tho extraordinary and tor rihle proceedings that lasted for about an hour and a half, notwithotanding tho "General's" order that must keep tremeiuloxislp steady." If that is tho way Salvationists act wlton thoy are "tremendously steady," I would rathornot bo present whon. thoy give their feelings full licence. Tho vast throng moro resembled a hordo of lunatics than a band of professedly Christian pooplo. If the inmates of Bedlam avoro to be let loose, I can liarilly imagine thoir conduct would be moro extraordinary Llun was that of these Salvationists. In a very fow moments tho tables wero sur rounded by pontons kneeling at thorn. Thorn wero nt least eighty persons at tho first rush. Comrades wont to speak to them, while tlie "Gonoral," his two Rons, Bramwell and Uorliort, and others walked on top of tho tables calling for prayer, giving out hymns, and generally working up the excitement. In a few minutes the xvhulo of tho vast audience was in a inconceivable uproar. People, who up till thia moment had remained quietly in their seats, joined iu tho goaoral restlessness. Tiio Hinging, tiio Rhouting, the swaying, the waving of hands ami handkerchiefs, Ixwamo greatly intensified. Kachonnsvomjd to -vet 03 ho or alio thuiight b.st for the "edification" of tho meeting. One poor follow was raving on the floor, others thumped on tho table with thoir flits in a kind of wild frousy, with various exclamatory denunciations . or aspirations, while others huzgccl each other. At first, mon were called on 'to pray, but vory hoou any ono who felt "moved shouted a prayer without invitation. Another man ' in tho course of his prayer kept Inwlitig, " Answer by fire !" "It's coming !" "Hero's another wave coming thi way!" Another bosouglit God over and over again most vigorously to "rock thi.s'pUco." After this sort of thing had been going 011 for homo lialf- an-hour, Mr H. Bootii apparently sot himself to bring about'th3 cri.-u3. Bunding ou tho table and shouting . at tho top of his voice, he announcod the hymn, "Thou wilt do it now," which "was clapped"— i.e., ©very ono clapped his hands while ho Bang. Paraphrasing the words, ha mado tho paople first of nil repeat, "Thou dost do it now," and then they sang it. One of the linos was to tho effect "J am uowfromHitisetfroc." "OA / lie's CJnUivy out /" excUtimJ one of the tenders, to the <t rent dtliyhi of Ihctudicnce. Then Mr If. Death roquiwtrd that all those -kneeling at the table who felt that the Lord hod done that for thorn bUouM stand up and sing it along, and then pis to their grata to make room for others. Nearly all stood up, but tho verse was Hung by the whole gathering. 44 Now let's have the next batch," aatd one of tho Booths, and the 44 General " sought to on'jonvagn thorn by Baying that "tho pfol is open." ido, however, begged thorn to bo or siitc:nn at the grave, but so far from this boing thu cvm tho senno that followed was far woreu than before, Tho second " batch " was not so numerous as the first, and there aoomcd to -be inoro personr. without uniform. The "General." .probably to ©noourago others, danglcd. a nock- lace that sonic lady had." gi von up," but the only other material offorod noticed waa a "handful of money.- ."Now my comrades, come along," the "General" encouragingly said.: 44 Take hold of God," and then ho called for more prayer. 2'hc hugging, the rolling on the jhor already noticed were continued, and jump ing- had commenced in some parts of tho hall. Calling a young 44 officer" out to speak to a "ponitont," tho "General" rumpled the young inun'rthair, and, ajfccl'unuilely kissing him, sent .him about his task. Tho shrieks of some of the 44 prayers" wore perfectly dreadful to listen to. One man kept shouting 44 Hero's a great big wave coming over us— a wave, a wavo, a wave ! Thank God wo &hr;,U bo in tho flood directly." . But whether tho wavo over camo did not appear, as a short pause \v;w mado to civ© omens to the .Scotch contingent to catch thoir train. Ono of the Booths again spoke of "tho pool" boing open, and that 44 we want you to got into it while thero'b time." Moro "prayor" followed, onu man b.diaving that God was 41 willing to send a Salvation iVYiqwrnt right round tho world." Again Mr H. Booth appeared deliberately to set himself toincreaso thu uproar. Ho t made thorn ring tho verso 44 llix blood avails for me" ovor and over again, oaoli time, telling them it was not half loud onough, with tho result that iu tho end evory- ono wan shrieking at tho top of his voico, and it would not havo been surprising if one or two blood-vowels had boon broken. Then wo wore told that "tho Lord likeato hear a good shout," and a "Hallelujah" wan called for, which, wlieu given, we wero told, had gone right up to cavcn. Then another vovhu was stortod,' 'J)y tho blood my Saviour riied upon tho tree," and wo wero told lo stand, quito an unnecessary command; for the. bulk of tho pooplo had long Hinca riaen to their feet. However, (several mon mounted on to the scats and others on to tho tablai. Tho jumping which had been going on hero and Llioro now became almost universal, young Booth himself jumping to thu tune. Then lio told thoiu to Ring tho verse, 44 Thou wilt do it now," in answer to tho devil's taunt, how did they know thoy had tho vic tory ? This immensely delighted tho people. Some of the men began hitting one another, Hym- helical, doubtless, of tneir fight with tho devil. With more to the nnmo offoct thia most painful performance concluded. ITow many of tho second batch £ot "blc33ing" cannot bo said; hut Hovoral remained at tho tablo somo timo longer. But before closing thero wa3 more buf foonery. Throo _ ncgrcssea wero brought forward to .ring their song, "I want to hear tho flipping of tho angel's wings." This was just tho thing for- tho people in thoir then frame of rnina. They not only rang tho chorus over and over again, , but each timo shook their hands in an idiotic fashion to rein-u- sent tho "flipping;" Tho "General" tnn'n gavo tlmm a new form of soluto as a momcnto of tho Congress, viz., instead of tho ordinary military ono, thoy woro told to hold tho right hand up and point tho finger towards heaven, as a romindor of tho crown thoy would receive at tho end of their journey. Ho then pro- nouncod tho blessing, and oh it was just tour o'clock (tiio writor says) 44 1 mado has to to got iuto tho fresh morning air only too thankful to bo released from tho mosb shocking and ivtlnful 4 rolicriouB 4 meotiucr that I luvve ovor attoudod."— iVbnrorvA>rmi'«(. 