A Ghost Club. Among thlle oddities of tile day is the establislinent of a 'ghost club-not, as might be sulllppo??, l ehlub 9qr 1te 1 assemiblage of genial spirits, but anli institution for t.he' oiganised research into the possibilit iif a traveller return imig from those bournes to which we all look forward with interest The club is in downlright learnest, as luy ie g4lthered from the fact that tim coin- I inittce advcrtise for ?fo a hilnlitp4e holsep" oime whose reputation is well authenti cated." loubtless the - answers will be nunmerous : and if, .after miinute rp search, the comunlittem of the llhost I Club .succeed in .re-establishing the I respectability of the hitherto supposed hiiunited 'manions, by proving the I 'cliarg hduiffomtded their labors will' be 1l el useftil;?aýu ?thC-'nb9 ,of so t h o-1mouites thoat1 irc'ei osed -i; and hlrve gonu to deriy°ir imni it--l .town under this isouldering 'nl blight ing reiiutatiion, is ridiculously large. We i know of hIalf a dozen such. The reader, wishing .a pleasant drive out of the sub urbs imay choose Finchley road, and ] ust before the corner of the road, umade cloebrated by fyip Ihlt of the Wonlu a in i White-namely that divoerging i Frognal and vWest Hsampstead-le willl see a stately ruin, eiibedded in trees, D. quiite in the ghlostly' style. -Thi: plaoe, n wie believ, bears the reputation of kel bei"g ?hp liqbitation of a ghost, and is, dou£tless, at go ai co qf the club, thoug'hi lie a I eppr, wlsg ] receives the gratuity. of tle credulous inspcctor, pooh-poohs the. idea, if neot i :td. sidOt rii i'i s, ic it hiuis, hoosveve its' bit of" real omansuce, we!i ? for by this bicerone- inameih, the walh ing in of a wife for tOo ..years, without her seeing a rar of light froms heaven, or thpiq aesof .thr fellow-beings" -.This is t the py son te)Js," tels g.?lp 1 vrey isilitsiti particulars of many otheri matters, highly :interesting to the gobe snoiclie, with the paiie of the' Bluebeard, which is: n ndi uotici? to fortuinui and to faue.-Churt dour nab' ..' 