, THE GOLDEN HOPE : A nOHA.NCE OP TITE DEEP. I dreamt a ilrcaui that was not all a dream." BY W. CLARK RUSSELL. tntlior of "A Ska Qceujt," " Tun Wreck ok thr Grosvbnor," "A Raii.ou'r Sweet heart," ac. (The Eight ot Tr.mBlntion is Reserved.) CHAPTER XX. — Continued. " Out of politeness, you old scaramouch. Why, if I was to give ye all the names you desarvo you'd have more titles than the Km peror of Chancy. To think of a man of your ago talkin1 about ghosts 1 Why, what do yon call yourself/ Atiimil" " What's this here woyngc about f " de manded tho cook. "About," exclaimed Hiram with extraordi nary scorn, ' about / Think of a cook, a cook, asking nautical questions nnd expecting an swers I Look here, my lads, and let Breeches nnd Mickey listen to me ; lite Wcrulam was a Hcast Indieman ; site was burnt in the Hindian Ocean ; there was a lady aboard of her as Mr. Porteseue was to marry. He dreamt that the wessel was burnt, and that the lady who was iu one of tho boats reached an island that Mr. Stone here was castaway upon, lie disbelieved his dream till be heard tliat the ship hud been burnt ; and then, when tie comes to lam that the island lie dreamt about wns a real place, and that Stone knew it, he says to himself ' Tliisliere wision may have come from heaven. Who knows since what 1 dreamt was true, that the lady I see in my dream upon this island mayn't liactnally be there. I love her ; she was to have been my wife ; I'll .spend what money I've got in a schooner and sail to this hero island, and I'll trust to Almighty God, if so he my dream's correct, that we shan't ho too late to preserve her life.1 My lads, what's ourcasonablc in this J" The crimson gloom that wn.s now upon the sea nnd sky was a griod 1 ight to study the faces of the men in as they listened to Hiram, for it deepened every line nnd auded nnothcr shade to the lemite on the cheek, though it had its mellowing influence too, specially noticeable iu Old Stone's face, . whose earnestness was softened into pathos by it. "There are husbands among ye, I dare say," continued Hiram, " and some I doubt not has sweethearts; besides, yo're all English j ay, even Micky Anson's English; and if there's any man here as considers Mr. Fortcscue's detarminaiion t:o see if the end of his dream ainl't ns true as tho beginning proved to he — if there's any man here as can sec anything soopornatural mid not ondcrstn tillable in the gent's seokin' ot his love where lie believes her to ire castaway, then all 1 can say is. lie must he the onnaturalcst character and the worst scow- banker as ever signed articles for a lovely ship and a beautiful woyage." Thus speaking, ho ran his eyes over the jnen .with a challenging, stare at each. " Then ye mean to say," observed Breeches, " that what Johnny took au' brought for ward's a lie /" " Yes — a lie as big as be is : a lie as big ns you and him and the cook is," cried Stone. " What's your idea of the clergyman's liintel- leet that you should suppose lie's capable of goin' a ghost huutin' / D'ye suppose that an educated man like liini, a man that Sun day after Sunday teaches folks witli ten times more brains than you, things that tliev don't know nothen about — ilye'o imagine he's to be set right by the likes o' you ?" ' "There wns nothing mentioned about our Bcckin' the island for tbe purpose of tnkiu' the parson's young woman oil' it," exclaimed Duck ; " there was nothing said about it in the articles." "The woyage was to the Indian Ocean and back, anyway," cried Hiram. " touching at nn island there. Ye'll allow that." There was a general murmur of assent. "Very well," contiuuo.l Hiram, speaking with excitement', "and i should like to know if we was to find a countrywoman of ours upon that island, or any shipwrecked sailors belonging to the Verulaui or any other wessscl, I should like to know," he cried, iu his huskiest voice and with a stern roll of his eyes over the men, "if there's e'er a seaman here as would say, ' I'm not nfjoin' to rescue that there woman or tlicm there men because it's a job I didn't sign for ?" There was a pause, broken only by the flap of a sail as tho schooner rolled to lee ward and tlie rippling of water at the stem. Some bright stars were shining in the dark eastern blue, but westwards it. was still a rusty hectic among ilio lines of clouds whoso skirts were blackening to the night, though their brows still held Irenes of the glory that was deep down behind ttie sea. " Why, of course," said Goldsmith, ham mering at a Hint for his tiiulor box, " if you put it in that way. eapt'n, it's right enough. Ne'er a mini here, I s'pose, believes iu gliosis, hobj.tuts ye can see and yet wallc through with) out i'eoliu' of 'em. Atid our wisli to hear what you have to say ubout the yarn Johnny lay and listened to, wasn't because we was such cussed fools as to reckon we was actually bound out to bring home a ghost, but because none of us not having much acquaintance with what goes ou iu parsons' minds, we agreed that there must he something uncommon hidden from us in this voyage, und wanted to know what it was." " Well, ye have the truth," said Stone; " and I'll go a hit finder with you yet, males — the eapt'n liere'll bear 1110 out ; tlie reason why the clergyman didn't I ell us afore wo started that lie had dreamt the lady lie was to he spliced to was on the island, wan 'cause ho was afraid of being sneered at. Ain't that a likely thing in a man ? Why, I've known ehups afraid to say their prayers . — actually ashamed to ask for God's blessiu' upon tlicm and those they've left at. home — for fear they'd be laughed at by their mutes, ehoosin' rather to put aside God's love than he jeered at by the meanest of his creatures." "Well, that's true enough," grumbled Breeches. " I myself have had fcelin's 1 shouldn't ha' liked to tall; about, 'specially wheu my buy was drowned." " It's all that bloomin' Johnny I" cried Joe Hull. " if he'd told tlie cook the truth there'd ha' been notlieu said, llut who was going to know what we was hound out for when that chap comes along with his yarns about gliosis and spcrrits on an island wait ing for tlie schooner to t ake 'em off ?" "And 1 ain't sure, llioky'" said Sawyer, turning upon tlie cook, "that the yarn .wasn't aggravated by your way of relating of it." " I'll swear," cried Johnny, who stood cowering behind the foremast, " that I never said nothing about Hie gho3t's lie.ves beiu' like ridin' lninps for brightness. Yet Micky made that ont. S'elp me, skipper, it wur Micky's temper as forced, me to 'spluin why I lmdn't come forrard afore, or rather than ha' suid a woixl about tho parson's yarn I'd bu' been" — " and here as was apparently his custom he expressed himself willing to incur all sorts of friglitful aud horrible calamities, sucli as being struck blind and the like. Ttiis the cook answered by calling Johnny many offensive mimes ; but tho crow now saw how it was : there was nothing- more to argue about, besides it would he eight hells before long, and time for the men who had tlie first watch below to think of turning in. " A queer notion for them to have got into tlieir heads," said Hiram to Stone us they wulked aft ; " hotter say nothen about it to Mr. Eortescue ; it might make him oneasy." " So 1 think," replied Stone. (T<i bo coiUinuvtl.) 