BURIED ALIVE. [Br ONE OF THE CROWD.] {[From the London Daily Telegraph.] (Concluded.) Bat, Boon as I spoke, be found I wasn t the one he took me tfor, and begged me to get ban a drink of water, which 1 did in my cap bom a ditch what waa dose by, and that rewived him. I haint a going to tell you who be was, or what his name waa. If what I'm tolling you is all a lie, it wont make no difference whether I mention names or not, and if I'm telling the truth its best for me the names are left oat. I'll call him Setter, him, that's a good name for him, for he sold me. So Seller, feeling I was friendly, told me all about it. What the row between him and the other chap had been about, I mean. You needn't be told the history of it. It was snmmat about Seller's daughter, who had gone astray, and Seller thought that the other, who was a man of money, and lived in a swellieh house, bad something to do with it, and like the mean hound he afterwards showed himself towards me, he had been patting the screw on the gent—it don't matter what I call him— Gudgeon will do, for I'm blest if he wouldn t swallow anything. So he tells me the_ story, swearing and cursing between bits of it, and wanting to be revenged on what's-his-name— Gadgeon, for the crack on the head he had given him. ' He meant to murder me,' says e, 'and, 'pon my soul, for all the good my miserable life is to me, and on the chance of his being hong for it, I half wiah he had.' Then all on a sadden like, as if it was only a joke, the scheme popped into my head. " 'I wonder now, I said, what the chap- Mr. Gudgeon, I mean, woald have done if he had finished you ? Or whether he has the idea that he has done it, and if so, what he's thinking about it, and if he's f unking much ?' * Matey,' I says to him—to Seller I mean— " I can see a way to a better kind of revenge waiting on him unawares and giving him a harder topper from behind than he gave yon—a revenge wbat'll pat money in your pocket and give him a life of torment at the same time. He might have killed you. Very good. Let it stand as done.' 'You're talking like a fool," Seller says, 'how can any such thing stand as done? 'By you're shamming dead,' I says. ' Lay where you are now laying, 'cept that Til pile a lot of leaves over yoa to keep some - of the cold away, and yoa tell me where he lives and I'll go to him and acquaint tijm as how_ I found the murdered body'—and then it struck me that there'd be a difficulty in my showing in a straightforward way how 1 came to know where to find him — to find this Mr. Gudgeon, I mean. Bat that was got over easy enough. Seller, who bit at the plan, asked me to feel in one of his pockets—he was too weak yet awhile to do anything for himself—and find a letter that was there. * That's what he wrote to me, making the appointment to meet me here,' he says, 'and his address is on it. Yoa needn't say yoa got the letter out of my pocket,' says Seller,' it might have fell oat in the straggle, and yoa found it on the ground.' The way was paved, then, so far. But that was only part of my E lan. ' Being dead,' I says to Seller, ' you'll ave to be buried. Do yoa think you could stand laying in a hole for jast a few minutes, with a couple of feet of earth put light atop of yoa?' He didn't like that when it was first mentioned, bat he agreed when I pointed out to him how nice and complete it would make the whole swindle, and so off I goes with the letter, and the broken walkingstick *&s; weUL " I found the house easy enough, and 'conne the slavey what opened the door was good for shutting it again before 1 could open my mouth, but I put my foot atween, and told her that all I wanted was for her to go and ask the gentleman if he'd > like to have back the walkingstick he'd lost. She shut the door and oat the chain up while she took the message, bnt it was precious soon opened again by Mr. Gadgeon himself, white as the ax'stone step he was standing on. * What about my stick,' he says in a shaky voice; where did yoa find it?' 'Same place as where I found the body of the man/ I says. ' I know nothing about any man,' he says, playing the only card he held, ' and if I ve lost a stick it h&B; been stole oat of the 'all,' he says. -' If so,' I says,' the same man what etole the stick out of the 'all must have stole this 'ere letter at the same time and posted it to the chap who it's addressed to. It was laying open on the ground,' I says, * beside the dead body, so I took the liberty of reading it, and that's how I came to know vhere you lived.' ' Good Lord!' he says, ' did you say dead body ?' And then he says.' Stop half a minute. Walk to the end of the lane, and I'll put my hat and coat on and come to yoa, and pray, pray don't breathe a word of what you know to anybody.' * I should have goae to the police straight,' I says, 'if I had been one of the splitting Bort.' So he come after me up the lane—it was quite dark by that time, and he began telling me all about it— what a wicked sponging wagabone Seller was, and how he aidnt care what come of his daughter, body or sou), so that he made a little money, ana he told me how that the letter he had sent to Seller was to meet him, and tell him that he wouldn't stand being blackmailed any longer, and that that led to high words, and ' in my exasperation,' says Mr. Gadgeon, ' I gave him what seems to have proved a death-blow.' "' He couldn't be deader,' I says, ' than he is if he had been laying there for a week, which brings - us to the pint, what's to be done? I'm a poor man, I says, bat I got a 'art to feel for another, and if yoa'll come down ansum Fll help you, if so be yon want any help.' ' Help to do what ?' he says. ' To keep this littleafiair dark,' I says, 'and that can be done easily enough by digging a hole and burying the body jast where it is lying.' He caught hold of my hand when I said that. ' 111 give you ten pounds in sovereigns,, he says, * if yoa'll do it.' ' Done,' I says, ' but not by myself. I won't do it. I'm upright anddownstraight, I am,' I says. 'Idon't want youtolendahand. You give me the money to buy a spade, and come , along with me to the wood and see it buried—you've no call to touch it if you don't like to—and then I'll take your ten ponnd and go my way, and nobody will be any wiser.' He wouldn't come with rce at first, but. finding I'd have no other, he consented. Well, we did the job—leastways, I did. I went and bought « spade in the to wnj and he went one way and I weut another, ana we met in the wood where the 'body' was, and he stood by, shivering and shaking, while, all in the dark, I dag summat of a hole and put Sellar into it, and put the earth on him, and some leaves atop of that. There warn't no fear that we should wait long enough there for Seller to be smothered. He—Mr. Gudgeon, I meanwas off at a run almost before I'd put on the last shovelful, and I was after him, and you may wager we hadn't got far before Seller was out of his grave. A quarter of a hour afterwards I was with him again, with a drop of rum in a bottle to warm him, and with the ten sovereigns in my pocket, and we were off. He washed the blood off his head at a horsetrough on the road, and we got drunk over our stroke of lack before we put np for the night seven miles from where we started. Kext day <ire laid our plans. Seller was to be off a long way into the country, and I was to work Mr. Gudgeon, and pankshally send him half cf all the money I was able to sweat out of him. "And I were that honerrable that I kept my word. I did sweat him. There warnt a week that 1 didn't have a torn at him, inaking oat that my conscience waa in such a bad state, owing to the orfnl secret that was weighing on it, that I couldn't do no kind of work, and required a deal of stimulant to keep me op. If he kicked, which he didn't often. I had only to say that I was sick of the secret, and of being haunted night after -night by the murdered man, and he'd out with the pieces I'd come for without another word. I reckon yoa might fairly put it down that I sweated a matter of four pound a week out of him for a matter of two years, out of which Seller got his share till he turned nasty, and said I was cheating him. Arter which I didn't send him anything, and dared him to open his mouth, at the same time pinting ont that if he did so it would |>robably be ten years for each of us. So he kep quiet, and I didn't hear any more of him for lull four monthB, when, blarm his eyes ! be turned up in a rum way and bust the whole thing. He couldn't get no work, and at last he went on tramp to seek it, and found a job at the chalk works at Grays, down in Kent, and, as bad lack would have it the chap what I call Gudgeon he has 'friends he was staying with at Rainh&m;, which haint a great way from Grays. Well, one evening Gudgeon is coining along all alone on the country road, and he meets with a ghost. Seller's ghost! Ha ! ha! I'd ha : give a shilling to have been there. Seller all white from bis work, and sitting on a gate resting on Lis way home to his lodgings, and -Gudgeon, turning the corner coining slap on him ! Gudgeon he shrieks out and falls down on his face in a fit or summat, and Seller not reckonising him or aware that he is the ciuee of it, goes to help him, and has him sitting -up, with Ms head on his knee, when Gadgeon : •OKUS L:is eves, and they reckonise one Another—for all the world like a bit of playastinjr. It was a bad bit for me, though, for JSelle.-, the cur, he gives in and tells all about it, and there's a warrant oat for my apprehension. Was I apprehended? P'rap3 so, l»Vaps not. P'raps it's all lies what I've «>.-en telling yoa; p'raps its as true AS TH*-, {ie:e we four'aie at this present tujm -11: ia t-ns man starving <jalled -a 'casual jwjrd.' " '..,"• - - VAud, as the -wardsmau informed me, thus j£U»i jitly as\h& had commenced it, the bully jfci 3i;:p so brought hisstrange story to a close. Min KiUiner—"Thetwnnet, mtsg. makes you look iv. fcntyyears younger." Lady Customer—" How <UMJ 11 Boat PPPSM ia it like a girl of 10 years! _ 