caulfield training notes. There was a strong wind blowing yesterday morning, but, notwithstanding, thero was a large muster cf spec- tutors on the coum to witness the final gallops of the Cup hones. Au early thirl was made. It was rumored tint tho Western district horses. Jim Cain and Lit tle John galloped iu company over the Cup distance at daybreak, and that tho latter had his younger brother in difficulties at the finish. Kenneih went long slow work. The horse by Sussex, who has every api»enr- nnce of a jumper, was given ihtce or four turns ot; the sand. Ron Ihilt sinned off for n mile aud hail gallop, Cluickstvr assisting the Cup caudidute the first part of the distance, and Wanleid the las:, half- mile, lie is a rather lazy customer in hi> work, mid requires .1 gioat deal of riding. The time oecupl d was Very fair. Wes tern slip, cd along (or a mi:o. Lady Ash on and 1 he Lontcr circled a ctmpio of rounds for good strong work. Bonnie Utd and his stable com panion, L-,rd sutum, a nice-looking son of Wollomai's. were brushing along on the sand. I.ouisu Borta w:u g:\on a goinl, useful pipe opener. Ilighlund Chief travelled a round en the grass, the 1'eruy candidate Blondin, bringing hint along, the hist tndc. Carnarvon and Retort finished a useful round on the sand. Ellington and Tnronbo put in some useful work on the grass; the former looks and goes well. Crown Brand strode along over U or 9 fur longs nt a good striding puce. Land Mmrk doing use ful work on lite sand. Cricket and 1 alienee performed satisfactory work on the tan. Tito Tostuauian pal. Clarendon and Young Horatio traversed a round ou the | grass, tlio latter, who h«d a good f.tnrt of his comp-»n- 1 ion, finishing in front. Hlvermiue was tho next to take, f possession of the grass, the son of Napoleon and >ilver- | hair was despatched for u good s< iriccabje working I galtop, starting from the half mile post ou the course 1 proper in company with Ronnie Douit aud The Chanter : | they rattled along until 6 furlongs from homo was reached, when tho latter pair cased off ami allowed Sirocco lo finish with the Cup candidate, who completed the fastest round of the morning, pulling up as fresh as pant. Another Cup candidate, Zeno, was ir.oving along on the grass for uscfui exercise; he seems to have doncftloto work. Kpicnrcnu, who is furni-huig Into a nice horse had Mia Mia for a companion over four fur longs. Goodwood, Stag and Mistake went healthy cxer- Newmaster traversed 9 furlongs at a iiftod pace, having Utt.o Jim the first 4 furlongs und Gasbumer the latter juirt of the journey, the son of Ncwmosler going very strong. Grccuius Ksurlus was given an cxtcmlcron the grass. Walter, Mormon and Victor worked on the tun. 5L Albert bowled along on Ilia grass. Uncus pottered along on the sand. Carnival mid Nectarine running a sharp 4 furlongs. Bohemian, looking irch and well, put hi 2 strong rounds on Hie t iu. Berkley and 1 adUmd slipped along for 5 furlongs in fair time. Footman, Albnnus nail First Top were separate y treated to strong work on the tan. Millstremn und Grace Darling completed a ciiclo for usclul wock. the former beluga bit fractious, Tbe Ghost and Gadfiy ran u merry C furlongs, tho former showing to advantage at the finish. Mustang covered C furlongs in good style. Moon iglie strode along on the tan. King of tho West and Jack were brushing along on the tun. Glentworth and laidy Lovell ran smartly home from the 4 furlong post. 