BROADBRIM'S ~NE W YORK LETTER• <? Woareabout to scalp the Mormons for main taining a loose matrimonial code according to our system of ethics. Yet day after day tilings como to light in this goodly city, 011 which matters at Salt Lake are quite an im provement. Wives aro taken and dropped with as much impunity as a pair of old shoes, and husbands aro parted without a moment's notice, and in nine cases out of ten, the woman fails to better her condition, but 011 the contrary, she frequently abandons home and children to follow somo vagabond who eventually casts her off. But 0110 of the queerest arrangements turned up in our sister city of Brooklyn, which as usual, furnishes mo with the bulk of my interesting items. In the city of churches and Hunry Ward Beecher, lived a comfortable couplo who had been married eighteen years. Contrary to all experience, the marriage had been an exceedingly happy one. Mrs. M. thought her husband a teapot, and Mr. M. thought his wife was a daisy. About two years ago Mrs. M. was taken ill, and partial paralysis incapacitated her from attending to her household duties, so sho sent for her friend Mrs. X. to come and tako caro of her house and her husband. Mrs. X. was a widow whoso husband had crossed the Styx some five years beforo, leav ing her in somewhat straitened circumstances. She was a mo3t estimable personto look upon, and sho nursed her sick friend with a de votion that certainly did her very great credit. At last it became evident to Mrs. M. that the land of tho goluon slippers was not far oil', . sho summoued her husband and tho''"!!'™''# to her bedside and gave them her blessing and told them that the best thing they could do was to get married at once and bo happy. This exactly met the views of the widow X. and Mr. M. So without waiting for tho un important formality of Mrs. M. making her final exit, they repaired to the nearest Metho dist parsonage, when the minister, seeing they wore both of age, tied the holy knot, and received two dollars and a half, and seventy-live cents for the certificate, not to mention a kiss of tho bride thrown in. Mrs. M's caso was hopeless, and after tho marriage she was removed to tlie hospital, wliero last week she died. All the timo sho was in tho hospital her husband paid tho expenses, but at her death her brother claimed her body and refused to let her husband attend the funeral, but after the funeral was over he sent tho husband a bill for the funeral ex pellees. Tho husband refused to settlo the bill as they had not allowed him to attend the funeral, so the brother had him arrested for bigamy, though his sister, who was the injured party, if thore was any injury, was safe in tho promised land ; but bigamy is bigamy, even if a ghost is tho complainant, and Sir. M. and widow X. have States prison staring them in tho face, though everybody immediately connected is perfectly satisfied except the brother, whoso only injury was §87.50 for his sister's funeral. It is no uncommon thing for three or four widows to turn up at the Surrogate's Court— of men well known in the community, and many of whom up to the time of their deaths, were supposed to bo leading most exemplary lives. Looking back a few years, a man as well known as Burton, the actor, left three or four widows, every one of whom seemed to liavo a legitimate claim to tho property. Marcus Cicero Stanley, tho lottery man, left two widows, each 0113 claiming to bo the original Jacobs. Davis, tho gambler and sawdust man, who was killed whilo trying to rob a Texan, had two wives, and each of thoin declared that he wasamostexemplary and affectionate husband ; and it is only a short timo ago since I reported the death of an eminent New York merchant who was known [ by one name at this office ill New York for twenty years, and by another name at his private residence in Brooklyn, whore I10 re sided with his wifo, who sworo after his death, that she never hoard of his New York name, and on his will being presented for probate,his real wife, whom I10 hadabandoned twenty-five years before, appeared and es tablished her identity by her marriage certi ficate and other collateral proofs, ller hus band had accumulated a fortune of §300,000, and ever since ho had deserted her she had maintained herself and her children by wash ing. The remarkable part of the story is that they were living not a half mi'e apart, and had never met or heard of each other in all these years. It is a satisfaction to know that wife No. 1 got the great bulk of the for tune. Sho left her w'ash-tubs and took possession of 0110 of her late husband's brown stone houses-—furnished it magnificently, got a seal skin sacque, a camel hair shawl, a pair of diamond earrings, and a widow's veil at seven dollars a yard. She took a front pew in a fashionable church and is a prominent patron of Sunday Schools and Foreign Mis sions, and now all the seedy old bachelors | and impecunious widowers aro going for tho rich widow. Wife number two, who was per fectly innocont of any wrong doing, and who had been a faithful wifo to the dead man for over twenty years, was not left wholly des titute. Sho had secured $30,000 during her husband's life, and a comfortable home be sides, so that she would be no bad catch for any bachelors or widowers who are lying around loose. This is a perfect paradise for female swindlers ; no sooner is one disposed of than another takes her place, and our best hotel keepers are generally their victims, though bankers and brokers aro not beneath their attentions. It is only a few months since, a lady from the South charmed a dozen board ing house keepers and a large circle of ad miring acquaintances at each place, as she sang with exquisite power and was an artist in crayon and oil of no mean ability. But with all of her talents and accomplishments, she was a swindler and a thief, and taking advantage of the conBdence reposed in her, she purloined rings, breast pins and all such trifles as were left lying ibout her friends' rooms—and after working a house to its ut most capacity, she generally left. At last, a noted detective was set upon tho case and the result was the arrest of the unfortunate woman, whose baggage being searched, dis closed over 200 pawn tickets for all sorts of things, which sho had stolei}, When tho ! detective arrested her she asked permission to step into an inner room to arrange her bonnet where sho swallowed a dose of strych nine and wa^ dead before aid could reach her. Tho latost is the wifo of a dead English Lnrd. She gave a couple of sharp old Indies some worthless chequo in payment for her board and as a natural consequence, brought up in jail. It would seem that this class of adventurors are seldom without friends. A very line lady went through a dozen hotels here, living at the rate of a S100 to §150 a week. None but tho best apartments suited her, and sho rode from place to place, not in an ordinary turn out, but in a privato car riage,' with coachman and footman in livery, so that everybody though t she was rolling in wealth. At last the calls for the payment of bills becamo pressing, when all at once the hotel was startled with the announcement that the lady's room had been entered and 810,000 worth of diamonds had been stolon. Waiters were called up and examined ; chambermaids were overhauled ; bell boys wore scrutinized ; but nothing was found. Just in the nick of time a detective dropped in and gobbled the lady, when a list of her swindles appeared, longer than the moral law. Just a3 matters were coming to a head, a kind-hearted old gent, was induced by her daughter to come forward and settle all of her bills, and she walked out- of court a free woman, though at one time it appeared as if sho would land in the penitentiary. Tho equitable division of tho Vamlerbilt property caused a drop in the market from two to livo por cent. There appears to bo no special reason for this, but the chronic cussedness of tho brokers. Tho executors have a year and a half to settle the affairs, and the securities aro of such an excellent character that it is altogether probable that the major portion of them will be held by the family, and if there was any likelihood of the market being disturbed, there is no doubt but a syndicate would be formed inside of tiventy-four hours that would hold the market firm. Marvollous indeed aro these winter dis plays that aro now crowding tho streets. Never before, in my memory, has the display of goods been so beautiful and lavish. It is a gratification to know that many of the most beautiful goods in tho market aro of American manufacture. Our schools of design are making thomselves folt in every department of art, giving employment to thousands whose lives might otherwise be passed in hopeless drudgery. The weather has been most trying, alternating betwoen moderate summer and keen winter. Great preparations for Santa Clans, and for tho littlo ones—a good time coming.' Yours truly, Broadbrim. 