THE ATCTORIAN NEW CABINET. The members of tho new Ministry, to replace the Service-Berry Cabinet, were sworn in yesterday afternoon a3 fol lows : — Mr Dcnca-,- Gillies — Premier, Trea surer, and Minister of Railways. Me Alf&ejj; Deakin — Chief Secretary and Commissioner of Water Supply. Me Heney John Weixon' — Attorney- General. Mb Heney Cctthbeet — Minister of Jus'ico. Me James Loeiiier — Minister of De fence. Mr John Lamont Dow — Minister of Lands and Agriculture, and to act as Minister of Mines until another is selected for that office. Me W. F. Walkeii — Commissioner of Customs. Ma John Nimmo— Commissioner of Public Works. Mb Chables Heney Peabson — Minister of Education. Mit M. H. Davies — To have a seat iu the Cabinet without office. Mb Harper is expected to join the new Ministry, and if so he will be Post master-General. De. Quick declines to join. A bill will be introduced to provide for eight Ministers in the Assembly, and an extra one will then take the position of Minister of Mines. Pend ing the passage of this bill he will hold a portfolio without oflice, but no augmenta tion of the amount paid to Ministers is to take place. The political situation at the capital remains unchanged since Wednesday. Anxiety with reference to the reconstruc tion of the Ministry seems to be limited to 'all out doors.' Ministers take it easy, and anticipate no difficulty in the work of reconstruction. Nothing has been attempted in that way, and conse quently nothing done since our Hobart correspondent's bulletin on Wednesday. Rumor seems exhausted, wearied with its numerous blundering attempts to name the new team. The Premier always^was as inscrutable as a sphinx, and the other members of the Cabinet seem quite as im penetrable to the Press, press they ever so persuasively. Law oir Parliamentary Elections. — A manual, which is likely to be of great value to those looking for safe guidance at the approaching general elections, is now in the Press, and will be published by Messrs. Walch and Sons about the close of the present month. The book is entitled ' The Law Relating to Parlia mentary Elections in Tasmania,' by N. E. Lewis, Barrister-at-law, Hobart. The work will be accompanied and illustrated by a new map of Tasmania showing the electoral districts in accordance with the i Electoral Act, No. 7, passed last session. The author deals with the provisions bearing on electoral districts and polling places, preparation and revision of the Electoral Holla, qualifications of members, and of electors, mode of election, offences under the Electoral Acts, trial of contro verted elections, election expenses, resigna-. tion of members, and the vacation of seats. According to the table of contents and of statutes cited, Mr Lewis has found it necessary to supply the essence of eleven acts in elucidating this complicated ques tion. These are, the Constitution Act ; the Electoral Acts, Nos. 1, 2, 5, 6, and 7 ; the Constitution Amendment Acts, 1S70, and of 1884 and 1885 ; the Act to tem porarily suspend the preparation of the Electoral' Rolls and Polling Lists ; and the contents of that awkward piece of legislation, the Corrupt and Illeaal Prac tice Prevention Act. The book is to be a crown octavo volume, and as Mr Lewis deals faithfully aud comprehensively with I the subjects he uudeitakes, we have no doubt his compendium of the laws re lating to Parliamentary elections in this colony will prove a blessing to electoral roll compilers, candidates, nominators, returning officers, members of the Ministry and their officials, the Press, the public, and decidedly to the legal profestion. The date announced for its publication is opportune — indeed, extremely well-timed — which greatly enhances its value. Patteksonia. — The Wesleyan Church at Pattersonia lias been recently improved by being newly lined with pine boards, and the occasion was made use of for special sermons and a tea-meeting. The Rev. J. Leslie, from Scottsdale, preached twice on Sunday, 14th inst., to attentive and appreciative congregations, and on Monday evening the tea- meeting was held. The ladies, Mesdames Millwood, Cart ledge, Peek, and others, had made more than ample provision for the wants of all who came, and though they endeavored to do justice to the good things provided, mac was duuuuduuc «.u sjiacti niltjLi &u; had partaken. At the public meeting which followed, Mr M'Arthur presided, and made feeling allusion to the active work of SIrThomason in opening the cause at Patteraonia, erecting the building with his own hands aud recently lining it. He also expressed his deep regret at Mr Thomason's resignation, and retirement into private life. Addresses, both amusiii:* and instructive, were given by the Bev. J. Leslie on ' Going ahead,1' and Mr Thomason on the past and pre sent of the mission. The meeting was diversified by a number of recitations given by the Sunday-school children, and a song by Miss Saggers, and a number of Sankey's liyms were sung at intervals. Mrs Cartledge gave valuable assistance both on Sunday and Monday in leading the choir and presiding at the cabinet organ. The doxology and benediction concluded what was regarded as the most successful tea-meeting heldinPattersonia. — Communicated. T.T.C. — A committee meeting of the Tasmanian Turf Club wss held at the Criterion, yesterday morning ; Mr Geo. Ritchie in the chair. A letter was read from the secretary, Mr Jas. Hamilton, sending in his resignation, and a resolu tion was passed to record on the minutes the club's regret for the loss of his ser vices. A programme committee was ap pointed, te consist of Messrs. EL R. Falkiner, R. J. Sadler, and the secretary, to draw -up a programme for tlie autumn meet. Mr Jas. Hamilton was appointed a life member of the club, and it was decided to grant him a bouus at the rate of £50 for the last year. Tbe post of hon. treasurer was declared vacant, and Mr It. J. Sadler was appointed lion, treasurer, and Mr J. B. Curran secretary. Almost too Jate for insertion, we received a further communication stating that Easter Monday is fixed as the date for which to hold the Autumn Meeting. A considerable amount of correspondence was also read. Tbain Mems. — The afternoon express was detained yesterday, to allow the pas sengers of tbe steamer Soathern Cross, i who were brought up from Lagoon Bay ? by the s.s. Empress of India, to proceed to Hobart. An official from the.T.S.N. Co.'s office attended at the railway station, ' and issued the necessary tickets to the passengers. New Hebrides Mlssion. ? — The Rev. J. G. and Mrs Paton were passengers by the steamer Flinders for Melbourne yes terday. Amongst other amounts received on behalf of the mission was a cheque for £10 from the Itev. Dr. Turnbull, of Campbell Town, and one for £1 Is from the Mayor of Launceston (Mr P. Barrett). Sunday Trading in Jebsey. — A test case was heard, on remand, before Mr J. Gilbaut, Stipendiary Magistrate at Jersey, on Monday, 4th January, to try the question of the legality of Sunday trading. The defendant was Mrs Jane Main, keeper of a small provision shop, who was charged with selling a bottle of brandy on Sunday. N 0 license is required in J ersey for selling spirits by the bottle of not less than a pint and a half, nor is any restric tion itnposed as to the time of selling, and in nearly every little huckster's shop spirits, may, therefore, be purchased. The recent withdrawals of many pub licans' licenses had led to the opening of the premises as grocery stores, with the result that Sunday drinking 13 greatly encouraged, and the defendant was sum moned for the purpose of testing the right of selling on that day. After taking the matter into consideration, the magistrate decided that there was no law by which the defendant could be con victed, and the police who had brought up tho case might just as well attempt to close bakers' or tobacconists' shops. Tho defendant was, therefore, discharged. — Times. Fiee at Cbessy. — Our Creasy corre spondent telegraphed the following par- ? ticulars last night: — 11 A disastrous fire occurred here about 11 o'clock to- day. Mr John Hodgetts was carting in grain, and had built one stack, and nearly the second, when by some means the finished oue caught fire, and was Eoon enveloped in flames. Very soon a number of friends (about 30) set to work, and saved the stack partly built, and then turned their attention to the burning one. By dint of hard work and determination they saved a considerable quantity of the grain, though, what with the lire and water, it will be considerably damaged. The workers were hard at it till 7 o'clock. Police Case. — Early this morning a woman of bad repute, named Agnes Hunt, was taken into custody by the police for robbing a man of a half sovereign in a house in York-street. She will be brought before the Bench this morning. Mb Gbattan Riggs. — Amongst the passengers by the Western train yester day from Latrobe was that widely-known and popular comedian, Mr Grattan Riggs, who arrived from Melbourne by the s.s. Balmain on Tuesday last. Mr Riggs has recently closed a very successful season in Queensland, and has come over to Tas mania for his usual summer holiday. He leaves for the South this evening. Academy of Music. — A meeting of the directors of this popular resort was called for last evening, to take into consideration the proposed removal|of the ladies' ^cloak- room and the refreshment saloon, to another part of the premises. The meet ing lapsed for want of a quorum. Mbs Leayitt. — ThiB eminent Christian lady will arrive from Melbourne to-day Dy tne i ateena, and will be received by the officers of the U.T. Conference. On Sunday next she will deliver three ad dresses in the Mechanics' Institute. In the morning, at 11 o'clock, the subject will be ' The Body, the Temple of the Holy Ghost.' At 3 p.m. an address specially to young ladies will be delivered ; aud in the evening, at 8*30, she will deliver her eloquent address on 'God in Government,' which will, considering the present clouded state of home affairs, and the rapid spread of Socialism, be eagerly looked forward to as a subject of no mean importance. An advertisement in to-day's j issue requests attention to future an- j nouncements. I Sib Wilfred Lawson.— In reply to Mr i Joseph Malins, the presiding officer of the Grand Lodge of England Independent Order of Good Templars, Sir Wilfred Lawson writes : — ' I do not suppose that my defeat will really interfere much with the progress of our temperance work, although, doubtless, it had an ugly look for the moment. 1 suppose that the true history of my contested election is never really written. But I have an impression that if it could be done in this case we should see revealed one of the most extra ordinary combinations ever before con structed in a political struggle — Irish Nationalists, Orangemen, priests, parsons, publicans, and anti-local optionists, all working frantically to kick me out. How ever, the publicans need not crow too loud, as the new member (for Cocker mouth) is an avowed local optionist him self. It seems beyond the bounds of possibility that such a combination can hold ^together for a very long time. But, as Sam Weller remarks, ' those who lives longest see most.' ' Benevolent Society. — The usual weekly meeting of the committee of the Benevolent Society was held in the Town Hall yesterday afternoon, when there were present- Messrs. E. L. Ditcham (chairman), G. Babington, M. Tyson, J. Ellis, A. W. Birchall, T. fl. Urquhart, B. P. Farrelly, and H. Fraser (secretary). The minutes of the previous meeting were read and confirmed, and the relief roll called. The secretary stated that no application for relief had been received during the past week. An application was received from an old man, asking the Society to pive him a load of wood. Mr Farrelly said that he ought not to have it, considering he had had a load from him in January last ; it was therefore decidtd to refuse the application. An application was made by an old man, a recipient of the society, for an extra half ration, but the application was not granted. Pre liminary assistancewas granted to a man until! his admittance into Depot. It was decided to give a man, at present a re cipient of the society, a week's notice of the iutentioa of the committee to strike his name off the books, it being thought that he was able to earn his own living. The Chairman said he had written to the Administrator of Charitable Grants, Hobart, with reference to the case of a woman who had applied to the society, asking that her com passionate allowance be increased from 6s to 7s Gd, and he had received a reply granting the application. The Chairman said'he had received a notification from Mr B. T. Solly, Under- Secretary, asking him to furnish him with an annual report. It was decided to hold the annual meet ing on Friday evening next, Februaiy 26, in the Town Hall, commencing at half-past 7 o'clock. It was decided to ask His Worship the Mayor to take the chair on the occasion. This being all the business, the meeting closed. Promenade Concert. — The City Band, under the conductorship of Mr A. Wal lace, gave another very enjoyable pro menade concert at the Depot Grounds last evening, when there was a very good j attendance present. The following is the ! programme, which was rendered in a creditable manner : — Overture, ' Golden Medal selection, ' Girofle Girofla waltz, ' Die Hydropaten grand contest ! piece from Rossini's ' Moses in Egypt selection from ' II Trovatore;' Rossini's overture, ' Semiramide and ' God save the Queen.' Earthquake in Devonshire. — Reports reached London on Tuesday, 5th January, that a severe shock of earthquake was felt on Monday morning, at 20 minutes past 10 o'clock, all along the route between Dartmouth and Kingsbridge, as well as at other' places lying more inland . Just after leaving Dartmouth the driver of an omnibus which runs daily to and from Kingsbridge experienced an oscilla tion of . the ground, which lasted some seconds. On arriving at Stoke Fleming a number of persons stated that they felt the shock. Mrs Fox, who keeps a shop at Stokepenny, stated that her house ' rocked.' In the Green Dragon public Jiouse, kept by Mr Martin, the shock caused a quantity of plaster to fall down from the ceilings. At Strete the oscilla tion was similarly felt. Mr Wallace Puir, of that village, asserted that he had just come from Blackawton, and the shock was very conspicuously felt there several miles inland. It appears, however, to have been most severe at Torcross. The occupants of tho Fishermau's Arms publichouso. which stands on the beach, were so frightened that they rushed out of the place, thinking, as they said, that the building was going to fall. Mr T, R. Vickary, of tho Torcross Hotel, gives several particulars of the severity of the shock. It appears to have been felt by almost every one in the village. At Stoneliam, Chilliugton, and Frogmore the oscillation was also experienced. — Times. Chinese Enterprise. — There are numerous indications just now that the Chinese arc preparing for a thorough aud systematic development of their enormous natural resources. Among other in stances, it may be noted that the Kaiping coal mines, which were tho only mines in China worked on Western methods, have been leased to Messrs. Jardine, Ma-heson, and Co., the well-known Eastern firm. Those mines belong to tlie Prince of Chun, the present Premier of China, and the father of the Emperor. A small rail way ruuning fr.im tho colliery to the neighboring river is to be extended and wade fit for increased traffic.' B usee's V* Old Ieish Whisky, warranted free from fusil oil. Sold everywhere. Music and the Drama. — From our ' j New Zealand files we learn that Mr Oscar Balfe, an old Launcestonian, who was recently playing in Chiisf.church with Messrs. M'Malion and Leitcli's Boucicault Company, is organising a dramatic com pany (which will include some familiar faces) to tour N.J5. at popular prices, induced thereto by the great success that attended the trip of the Buffalo Minstrels on the popular price ticket. — The Buffalo Minstrels are doing immense business at the Victoria Hall, Melbourne. — At the Theaire Royal, the pantomime, ' Cinder ella,' is drawing still very large audiences, but on Saturday evening it gives way to the lateBt operatic novelty, by Messrs. Gilbert and Sullivan, 'The Mikado; or, Village of Lillipu.' — Madame Poussard's Opera Company, with Miss Annettee luauona at the head, are doing barely moderate business at the Opera House, in the opera of ' Madame L'Archiduc.'' — In Sydney, 'Cinderella,' at the Royal, has hit the taste of the people, and is doing well. — ' The Green Lanes of England,' under the leadership of Mr Geo. Dampier, is a mighty success at the Gaiety Theatre, and Charon's Opera Com p*ny, with ' Maritana,' in the hands of Miss St. John, Messrs. Gainor and Rain ford, etc., manage to make a 'do' of it at tho Olympic, but ' Uncle Tom's Cabin' at the Acad.-my of Music, is in the middle of a good season. St. Leon's Circus is in Hokitika picking up gold easily, but Miss Georgie SmithsoD, of Female M'Cabe celebrity, is just paying 'exes' in her rambles through Ash burton, Rokaia, and Christchurcli. In Hobart, Lingard's Diorama has the field to himself, Craven's Comedy Company having gone to New Zealand. The Hol loway Dramatic Company, now at the Academy, give way in a week or two, to Pollard's Liliiputians, and proceed south ward. I Lord Wolseley at Beelin. — Lord Wolseley will, as a correspondent aptly puts it, carry away with him a proud i recollection of the reception which has ! been accorded him in Berlin, as the Special Envoy of Queen Victoria on the occasion of tho Silver J ubilea of rule of the Emperor-King of Prussia. His Majesty was sensible of the compliment that was paid to him by the Queen of England in entrusting the conveyance of her congratulations to one of the greatest soldiers who surround her throne ; and, apart from other personal marks of Imperial favor, the Emperor has conferred on Lord Wolseley the Grand Cross of the lied Eagle Order, which his lordship has received the Queen's special permission to accept and wear. Subsequent to the reception Lord Wolseley had a very cordial interview with Prince Bismarck, and also with Count Moltke, with whom, at the great strategist's request, one can imagine him to have fought some of his Egyptian battles o'er again. Prevention of Boilee Explosions. — The Ballarat Courier of the 10th inst states that ' what appears to be a. very useful invention has been introduced into Ballarat, having for its object the lessen ing of the number of explosions of steam boilers. The inventor and patentee is Mr Moorfield, who has termed his inven tion a patent safety alarm for steam boilers. The first two firms in Ballarat to adopt the appliance are Messrs. Tulloch and M'Laren and Messrs. Rowlands and Lewis. A trial took place yesterday at j the boiler of the former firm, and proved highly satisfactory. The chief danger to boilers arises from letting the water get down too low, thus burning the crown of the fire-box. The water may leak unob served or something may be defective, causing the water to run out, or the workman may not notice the water-glass, and in all these cases the invention comes into play to prevent the possibility of an explosion. The principle of the affair is very simple. There is a float let into the top of the boiler, which communicates with a steam whistle on the outside. The float can be adjusted to 'any point, and when the water geis below this point the fl;;at is suspended, its weight opening the valve, thus allowing the stesm to escape into the whistle. The noise of the whistle, of course, at once alarms the overseer, and he is reminded that the water in the boiler is below a given point. The alarm yesterday worked per fectly under the superintendence of the inventor, and Mr Ruddock, engineer, the agent for this district.' The Late Loud Brougham. — The death is announced of Lord Brougham, as having occurred at Brougham Hail, Penrith, on January 3. His lordship was the only surviving son of Mr Henry Brougham, of Brougham Hail, Westmore land, and Highhead Castle, Cumberland, by Eleanor, only child of the Rev. James Syme, by Mary, sister of William Robert son, D.D , the historian. He was born September 20. 1795, and consequently he was in his 91st year at his decease. He was educated at Jesus College, Cambridge, where he graduated B.A., in 1819 (senior optime), and M.A. in 1822, and was called to the Bar at Lincoln's Inn, in 1823. The deceased nobleman sat in the House of Commons for the borough of Southwark from 1831 to 1835, and at the following general election was an unsuccessful can didate for Leeds. For many years he was a Master in Chancery. On the death of his brother, the celebrated Lord Chan cellor Brougham, he succeeded, under a special remainder, as Baron Brougham and Vaux, of Brougham, County Westmore land, and Highhead Castle, Ciiunty Cum berland. The late lord married, August 12, . 1834, Emily Francos, oniy surviving child of tli s late Sir Charles W. Taylor, Bart. That lady died in 1SS4, and by her the deceased leaves issue a family of three sons and three daughters. His lordship is succeeded in the barony by his eldestson, the Hon. Henry Charles Brougham, born September 2, 183G, and educated at Eton aud at Trinity College, Cambridge. He has been a clcrk in the House of Lords sincc 1857. A Blue Ribbon meeting will be held in the Tabernacle to-night, at 7*30. Messrs. Howe, Wiggins, and Company inti mate that their clearing out sale still continues. 