HURTOA. (FROM OCR OWN OORRKSPONBEKT.) De C.21. There bft been a good deal of discussion as to whether the loensts come from the small black grasshoppers that appeared in myriads at the beginning of the warm -weather. Many were inclined to think cot, and that the locusts emerged full-grown— though aa as one former said " If yon saw them go in ttn»n at one side of a field and come out the other big and fat, you would not think so." However, there is a former living near here who is a great natnralist,and he and his eons have made collections of all the kinds of birds, insects, etc., to be found abont. They collected some of the eggs, of which millions were turned up from the ground when ploughing, having been deposited there last year. Wbvo the eggs were hatched they waff bed the insect carefully and found out the locust was the same as the email black grasshopper. It changes its skin eight times before being finally developed as the locust. The plague has deserted us now for " fresh fields and pastures new." It was strange to observe how in the gardens the pest would devour some vegetables and sot others. Cauliflowers, mint and parsley were favorite food. The poor uuinamen were nara a.t work all day when the locusts were abont, flapping bags all over their gardens, not to let the insects settle. It is thought the crops will yield well this season. One farmer near Minyip, who is stripping, has 27 bushels to the acre. Another has over 30 boshels to the acre. By the collision between the "Reilawarra" and "Helen Nicholl," one household in Mar- toa suffered loss, and another very nearly. The sister and niece of a lady here were lost with the "Keilawarra." It is only a short time since they were here. The sister and niece of another lady were on board the 44 Helen Nicholl," so narrowly escaping the sad fate of the others. It is such a new thing to have water laid on that many of the people are inclined to use it very lavishly ; indeed, almost you might say, waste it, especially those with gardens. There is a talk of meters being supplied. On Saturday night? feet of water were used from the tank— an enormous quantity. I think I have mentioned its dia meter is about 9 feet. Several members of the Rifle Club intend going to Portland to try their skill at the matches to come off on Boxing and following days. There was a rumour going abont last week that the ghost personator, who appeared in yonr district some mouths ago had been seen in Stawell and Horsham ; that the latter was the last town he had to visit to win his wager; but a telegram from Horsham on Thursday said he had not been seen there then. 