ROYAL SPANISHi WEv)DING. 'In~nE marriage ceremonial of royalties is always interesting, and the marriage of the Infanta Dona Eulalio of Spain to her cousin, the Infanto Don An tonio, son of the Duke of MIontepen sier, at the Ohapel Royal in Madrid, gives actuality to the text of the mar riage office used on the occasion. The first question was addressed to the bride: " Your Highness Dona Marie Eulalie Frangoise of Bourbon, Imnianta of Spain-your Bighness is aware that you are here to be united and married to his Highness the Infants Don Antonio Louis Phillips MIarie of Orleans and Bourbon, coacerning which marriage his Holiness has re-. moved the objections raised on account of parentage of different degree of consanguinity and other causes. It remains now for your Highness to say whether you know of any other reason for which this marriage contract should not be entered upon-that is to say, whether there exists between your Highness and the said Infantse Don Antonio Louis Phillippe Marie of Orleans any other re:ationship; whether you have given your word to any other man; whether you have made vows of chastity or religious pledges; or whether you know of any natural obstacle which might oppose the validity of this marriage; finally, whether you contract the marriage of your own free will and desire? Your Highness will declare this on your faith and your royal word." Cardinal Ceferino Gonzales, Archbishop of Seville, who performed the ceremony, accompanied by his clergy, gave then the bibhop's crook into the hands of the attendant pries , and said: "Your Highness Dona Marie Eulalie Frangoise of Bourbon, Infants of Spain,n-I request your Highness, and also you, your Highness Don Antonio Louis Phillipe Marie of Orleans and Bourbon, to tell me whether you know of any obstacle why this marriage should not be contracted, or why it could not be valid or legitimate-that is to say, you are to make manifest whether you know of any other obstacles besides those which his Holiness has removed; I make this same request to you who arehere present. For the second and third time I request you that if you know of such obstacle, you are to make it known openly." Addressing himself again to the bride, the Arch bishop continued: ' Your Highness Dona Marie Eulalie Frangcoise of Bourbon, Infants of Spain, will you take for your legitimate husband, as it is commanded by the Holy Soman Catholic and Apostolic Church, his Highness the Infante Don Antonio Louis Phillippe Marie of Orleans and Bourbon ?" Before replying, her Royal Highness kissed the hands of her parents, and on the question being repeated, she answered, "Yes, I will." Then the Archbishop proceeded: "Does your Highness give yourself as wife to his Highness the Infante Don Antonio Louis Phillippe Marie of Orleans and Bourbon ?' To which the bride answered, "Yes, I give myself.' The Archbishop continued: "Does your Highness receive the said Infante Don Antonio Louis Phillipe Marie of Orleans as your husband ?" " Yes, I receive him," answers Dona Eulalie. The same questions were then put to Don Antonio, who replied in the same way. After this the bride and bride groom joined their right hands, and the patriarch, having taken his crook, saidt "And in the name of the Almighty, and the'blessed Apostles Peter and Paul, and the Holy Mother Church, I marry your Royal Highness Senora Done Marie Eulalic, &c.;, to your Royal Highness Senor Don Antonio, &c.; anu his bond of marriage I confirm in the name of the Father, the Son, and the Holy Ghost, Amen !" The Archbishop, with crook and mitre, accompanied by his clergy, one of whom held the cross, another the aspergillus, and a third the plate on which were arranged the 13 coins which every Spanish woman receives on this occasion, together with her wedding ring, commenced the benedic tion of the coins. He then blessed the wedding rings, putting one on the finger of Don Antonio, to whom he also gave the other, to be given to the bride. The Archbishop then threw some coins to the bridegroom, who threw them to the bride, by whom they were put back into the plate. After this, their Highnesses joined their right hands, followed the Cardinal to the armchairs prepared for them on the altar stairs, where they knelt down to hear the wedding mass, which was thus terminated: " Now your Highnesses have received the blessings according to the custcms of the Church, the advice I give you is to keep faithful to each other; to be chaste at the time of prayer, and even more chaste during fasts and saints' days. May your Highnesseslove each other as husband and wife, and may you live in the fear of God." The Cardinal then gave the bride to the bridegroom, saying," I give herto you for a companion, and not for a servant; may your Highness love her as Christ loves His church." The benediction closed the ceremony. 