A dALVATION ARMY WEDDING. Nearly 4,000 people assembled in the Con gress Hall at Clapton on September 16, to wit neeB the marriage of Colonel Ballington Booth, the second son of General Booth, with Miss Maud Charlesworth, the daughter of the Key. Samuel Oharlesworth. Onoe before there was a wedding in the family of General Booth upon strict Saltation Aimy linec, tho last occasion being tie martiage of Mr. Brsmwell Booth. The proceedings to-day differed very little from those, of the first. Many of the vast audience had pa.d their shillings for admission to the eervioe, vhile others wero invited as friends. Not even at a wedding can the Salvation Army do without a collection, and one was made before the proceedings dosed. Outtido the hall were fligb and banners, but infcide there was little to mark the event out as different from any service, except an occasional motto like, ' God bless the union.' On the platform the generil Eat in the oentre, surrounded by his wife and sons and daughters. The bride sat between Mrs. General Booth and her Bister, Mrs. Bar olay, who with the Rav. Mr. Barolay was also present, and a number of stanch sup porters of tho Army. Hymns were sung, to the accompaniment of a band, prayers offered, aid a portion of Eoripturo read. Then tho general read the form of marriago servioo in the army and expounded it. Whero it differs from any other form is chiefly in tho fhot it enjoins upon the contracting parties life-ling devotion to the -army as well as to eaoh other. Then the bride and bridegroom stood upon either side of the general atd repeated their declarations after him in a firm voice, accept ing eaoh other as lawful and wedded husband snd ,wife and 'oontinued comrades in this war ;' the general olasped the hands of eaoh together, the bridecrcom plaoed tho rinnr on (ho bards of his biiiJe, and they wore pro nounced to be man and wifo in the name of the Father, the Son, nnd the Holy Ghost, amid tho lingirg ' Amens' of the Salvationists present. The bride wore her ordinary simplo army cos tume, without a bonnet, and with only a'white tilk sash over her left Bhoulder.- rail Mall Qatttte. 