Social. The Sydney Owls.— When owls wing their rapid flight in the dreary hours of darkness,°w£exi only ghosts and nocturnal pests are supposed to walk abroad, those big-eyed and loud-voiced birds more frequently startle than are startled. They are well nigh alarm proof, but still they are susceptible to disturbances. So with the Svdnev owls. ' Thev are a band of a rare mirth-loving aever-say-die birds ; but even they have for a brief space been dislodged from their familiar roost in the New Masonic Hall. That place has been temporarily appropriated to the^ cause of benevolence, and the Sydney Owls, unlike the almost universal characteristic pugnacious stand- and-deliver persuasion of their f Gathered proto types, forsook their old haunts and roosted in the Carrington Hail on Wednesday evening, where they assembled for their periodical 'hoot,' flutter, and 'liquidifiation.' That genial 'old bird,' the pre siding owl (Dr. Burne) ascended the topmast perch, and although age has caused him to ' moult,' ho yet retains the vigor, vivacity, and versatility of_ a youthful fledgling, and there from the height of ' owling' omniscienoe he shook his feathers, told how oorks had been employed to stifle the noise of naughty and noisy birds, and he did, in fact, all that the chief of suoh a feathered tribe could do, including that commendable undertaking of leading his followers to the ' waters of life.' For vocal talent the Sydney owls are not to be clsssed with the ordinary owJL They are extraordinary birds, not of prey, but of praiseworthy merit. There was the instrumental bird (Mr. Massy), who has so tutored some of his own brood that they piped out their merry glees in a style which secured the cordial thanks of all present. Another facetious young bird (Mr. Lloyd) sang bo blithely about a 'Masher,' that he had to pipe a tune again, and this he did with an admixture of risible spice that terminated with a loud flapping of wings. The owl who shone with the greatest brilliancy was the one who essayed to sing the praises ot' 'Tom Bowl ing' (Mr. Eodd). That owl nossesaed a remarkablv fine voice. One musical 'owl' (Mr. Hinchy) cooed so melodiously abput the ' Maid of Athens' 'that he had to appear agaaTij when he made a most fetching appeal to 'Alice,' but although he sang with the voice of a charmer, 'Alice' kept in seclusion. A bird who has risen perch by perch, until he is now on the verge of hopping into the chief roost (Mr. G. Tate), spoke o( the general urbanity, generosity, and self-denying efforts of the present chief (Dr. Burne), and called upon all the owls to testify to their appre ciation of his services. This request was resp-nded to in a way in which only owls can respoiiti, the feathers of congratulation flew in a cloud. The genial chief, whsn the appreciative applause permitted Mm to speak, said that what he had done for the club had a€orded him the greatest pleasure, and he hoped that the next year would be as successful as the. last. Other owls sang and recited, and the harmonious convention terminated with a lusty and oyal hoot. These birds will hold their a.nrinn.1 ball on Thursday next, whentherewillbeagraafigatheringof the tribe. Each' bird, young and old, is respectfully in vited to take his ' mate.' There will, it is expected, be a great display of the plumes of civilisation in the shape of handsome dresses, and as tbis will be the wind upLdl*the owlsT year,' and a successful year too'1, the affair will, it is anticipated, be a big success. The Sydney Socials.— The promoters of these agreeable gatherings held another oil their successful socials in Prof. West's Academy on Wednesday. The company was numerous, the music was good, the dancing was spirited, and the at';air was attended with tbe utmost cordiality and success. The M.'bC were Messrs. F. Neale and E. Walsh. Australian Mobtgase, Land, and Finance Co. — Said a London correspondent : At the meeting of the Australian Mortgage, Land, and Finance Co., on April 28, the report of the directors was adopted, and a dividend at the rate of 10 per cent, for the half-year was declared, leaving .£18,36!!) to be carried forward. A resolution was passed authorising the directors to Bpend 400 guineas in tne pnrchase of four pieces of plate for preseniatjem to j&e; four members of the late firm or Gibbs, Ronald, and Co., who had continued their services since the transfer of their business to the company in 1865. - The Moxtst Mokq-ait Case. — Great interest was taken in the application made before the Full Court in Brisbane on Wednesday to make absolute a rule nisi calling on Benjamin Cribb, Warden of the Croco dile Goldaeld, to show eatt&e; wiry he should^ not register one Bichard Bond as the owner of eight acres of laud, comprising the Mount Morgan Goldfield. It appears -that Bond had pegged off these eight acres and applied for re gistration, which, however, 'was refused on. the grounds that the portion so pegged off was the freehold property of Hall and Pattison, who are owners of a freehold selection adjoining ihese eight acres. The contention is that Hall ana Pattison, after a survey of their selection, removed their fence to include the eight acres applied for by Bond. Affidavits were filed to show that the survey had been altered in consequence of. an error in. the previons survey. A strong bar was retained. Mr. Darle.y. Q.C., with Mr. Byrnes, appeared for tho applicant, and Mr. Griffith with Mr. Virgii Power for t3ie original owners, and Messrs. Hall and Pattison and LUley for tibe respondent. The Chief Justice declined to adjudicate as he was personally. interested in the claim. The value of the property involved is computed at several millions KtprHnsr. A Yankee fisherman tells an expansive story of his experience with a sturgeon he. hooked in the Foco mofee. He called upon a friend to assist him in get ting the fish into the boat, Irat the friend being afraid of it, left him to manage as best he could. Being afraid of losing his prizQ, he sprang upon the back of the fish, caught it by the gills to keep its head out of water, and with kicks and ye51s rode it at&bre.; Prince Ludwig of Sattenburg isapracfioarprinter. Most of the princes of the Prussian Soyal House have been taugkt either an art or a trade'. His sister is a printer, too, and tbe pair work regularlr together at the case. Their* latest work is a volume of notes . on travels by the prince's sister. The book is said to be executed in a thoroughly printer-like way. Christ Church, Sydney. — A selection from ihe Be demption (rendered by a choir and -orchestra of about 100), will form the anthem at the evening service to night, at 7.30, and the offertory will be in aid of the fund for the removal and improvement pf the organ. - Lady : Are you sure this macintosh is watertight ? ? Shop Girl ; ph.; certainly, ma'am. You may safely roll about with it in ihe gutter and you will not get wet. Wh7be cooped up in a 10ft frontage tity or suburban tenement house when you -can get such iots as those which W&tkin; and Watfcin sell at Auburn 011 Saturdaj? Size, 50 x 179 ; a 66ft roid in front, a 20ft lane at rear. Upset price, only £1 per foot ; terms, £5 deposit, balance bj 24 monthly payments -without interest. — Advt. A slattul chemist on tie coast of 'Norway nas succeeded in making a *firfectlT pure, Waifi, and tasteless oil, and is knows as 'Kepler. Fut-e anS palatable OodliiverOfl. So&everynbere.; iisoeolttincorut-iija1aoiiTfJtii'Kepler'' extract of malt. — Asvr. Psoriasis, the Modem I/eprosy.— Ihare had the psorias.-s for nine months. About five months ago I applied to & doctor near Boston, who helped me : but, unfortunately, I had to leave, but continued taking his medicine for nearly three months, but the disease && not leave. I saw Mr. Carpenter's tetter in the Philadelphia Eecoed, and his cate perfectly described mine. I tried the Caticura Bemedies, using two bottles Besolvent aad Cuticura, and Cuiicura. Soap in proportion, and call myself completely eitred. — JuV. Barnard, 'Wateriora,T$.J.— An vr. Scotfs Emulsion of fure Cod Liver Oil -wiQi Hydro pnoapbites, wasting diseases, general debility, ic, has do equal. It combines the virtues ol these two well-known remedies in. amort paiaiabte and easily digested form, and its use invariably increases both weight and strength with remarkable rapidity. Use It, and then try your weight. Any chemist can supply it. — Aura. Speedy cure aad immediate relief will 'be ihe certain re trait after the ase ol Bristol's SaaapaiiQit «na Pill&v;— Advt. Obstructions of tbe ladners and attendant ozgaua will arore fatal if uotMHtovwi by American Hop Bitters. £eaA Advt. Xhflreatost woman, smallest cbHa, v&d; sickest invalid cuiTttieAmarioeaC0.*s£foi- Bitten wftb safety «&a;«ieafc Ceod. 8eeA»rt; 