THE STORYTELLER. THE FACE ON THE PLATFORM. £y jisoch Lobe. 11 was winter. Darkness was i&lling;, and from the norih, where the land was bare of trees a swi;t wind came down by lJarradine and Bin naway to the little village of Cooma. From Cooma the roa J is short and straight to the track of the Great Western Railway, and in the deepening darkness the yellowish, green, apJ red lights of the rustic station con id be easily distinguished. A man stood at the little gate in the rail way fence. He looked towards the north west from w hich direction an up-tr∈ was nearly due. In less than twelve hours be expected to be in Sydney. While he thought hie head turned, his eyes stared towards the coast, and he shadderel lie is a young man, tall, sinewy, with dark eyes and thin Etraight features. His name is Ralph Prior, lie was adopted wben a child just over Eeven, and his new friends had drifted away from his native seashore with him, and for more than 15 years his life had run in the bash. The wind found some material in the houses of Cooma and the Ehed that did for asiation on the great black railway line, and set to with a will to play some of its choice tunes. They were weird, and deeply touched with melan choly. Ralph drew the woollen muffler rightly about bis mouth. It was cold, cold. But his eyes were fixed in the direction of the seacoost, and his heart and brain were f nil of the thoughts and feelings of lti years before. There is a little watering-place on the way to the South Head. As you go along the coaBt dazzled by the white sand shining in the sun, and the white crests of the waves of the ley roiling in upon one another, you come to masses of rock, rising up ledge on ledge until, aloft from the black ridge, you see the capital huddled together on toe left, while to the right is the open ocean, and at the base of the heather-crowned hills on which you stand the ewoUen waters tumble and moan. Look over the ledge of the Black Bluff. At the depth the head grows giddy. Lipped with white are the months of the moaning waves below. Down sixty feet, when Hie sea is placid, the heavy waters beat and swirl, and fawn upon the shoulders of hillB on whose heads other hilin have rest When the wind blowB inward you mustBtand back. Mountainous billows climb on other's back, and bound in a rain of spray to ] the bald rock that crowns the Bluff. j To tbe Black Bluff Ralph's mind went. Sixteen years before he lived in a little cottage, aiiiugied, and weatherboarded, down -* Vsand. His father, an old boat of age, and bis rather member of the '' h had visited the and the raps were the life of the the harbour or picturesque in ures only a few ; lacy work suited , him. Sometimes he took temporary esapkr j ment oq one of the little tegs that scurry j about between the Circular Quay &ck;! s®e of J the numerous marine suburbs. He liked ' fees, however, being his own master. For j days at & stretch he would do nothing bet lie (about, and then there wonij come nicfets when • the father missed him, and feared he was in {croaked courses. After idle days snd prow3: J ing nights there would come abundance of, ■ money, and of this his father eco'd get no sttis- j ■ factory ecrplsnaiic-n. Outrages were ireju-in; [ ■ then on the lonely roads that lei to the • {town, ilea woe wsylai J, rot-bed, and some- j ' times murdered. J ! Ralph recalled the sngry scenes between j ; bis rather and brother. Eis faculties ofi ■ observation and caution were prematurely J • developed. Aiibcarh on'.y seven years cli,'> • he knew more about Pierce and his doings ' ' ti.sr. his rarher knew. He slept w.:h his ■ ' brother, and often noticed him secreting ; weapons in the nigfct He slso knew that he . had s hidiag-piice for booty in some cleft oa s the brink c-f the Bistu He had folic wed him i of dark nights, seer; him scramble down : i imciLi the fissured rocks and recnm with j • money. He did not km x the exact spot! where the money was contested, for he I crezced to be caught watching, bnt be was f sure :t was somewhere near that pdiy emi- s nence. His tear of his brother made him; conceal the knowledge from his father. I Waiting for the train at the little gate in < the fence Ralph "s mind went hack among J these dread remembrances. Their iascina- * rioc grew cpoa him. Incidents fee baa re-; fused so think upon, had years ago beaten cs and ran away sroa. awoke, approached. ; gripped h.tn, and held him captive. ' L:«:k ! as dearly as on the dark night sin-' teen years ago he sees bis brother rise from ' the bed. He determines to io-Ik-w him. i Pierce takes a iittie parcel which in the even-' iig he h_J hidden a*ay ai the foot of the stretcher. The child knows what :: ccntriafi. rid be had crept in and opened a ; ormer c*f it were a revolver an J * clasp knife there. Tiftce opens the an d g " iars, bat the child fdl^w*. In goi^c oat ne , ( knocks a candlestick tronl ^e tibte, Snti;, dour and gees down the rcau. Il < In goi£g oa. ne , drinks he hears his father sr.rdnz. Pierce ( crosses a r::ge in the cirection cf a Intel' i The chili loses him. fee gulches are . j strange in the night, and. sons the child . t loses himself. He srambles a' -r-g, and ., would return htme if he ecu! L There are , j iights glimmering in many directions, hat he ' s knows his house is dark. He cannot make ' j on* the place. He w.uii cry out, but fears * f toe sound would reach his brother. An hoar j passes. He sits down and rests. Surveying s the lights and the sea be finds be has got to i the opposite si ie of the headland. and recrg- ' ruses tie posit'oa. He is a mile away from j c home. 'The place is a favourite one for * i .maginative tourists to go to look out • £ up in the high, strong sea wnen the land is ! 6 rtilL Ralph saw no one afoot this night i v cowever, and be was giad, for the thought of ' j neet.ng his brother made bis knees weak. ! a lie rises and takes the nearest war home ; , tcrc-ss trie heatbery ridge. He comes to a j j ravine of scragrfy bushes and stumpy under- j c rrowth. Arrsid of snakes or other monsters j c if the r.igfct he winds round it j -j What is that? He pauses. He is going to ] r scream. He lifts his little arms and opens < t his mouth. His brother, rising from behind ■ c a bush a couple of paces oS, ks at biui, 1 £ spring? up the side of the ravine, and is gone. I 1 fee chili falls. ^ I Brought up on the wild headland, seeing i by day and night the terrors of the sea, the ! 1 chil i was not disposed to be acted upon by j * unsubstantial visions. Eut Pierce's face j1 Toe iarge black eyes, use straight nose, the ■ J narrow brows, the firmly-set lips, all so is paiii-i, so fired, so ghost-like, filled him with j' terror. He lay there for some time before ; ' he realised that Pierce had Had. Then he * ] felt by instinct that his brother was no less ! J terrified than himself. • j Ho rises to conwuue his way. A black; j mass iies before him. He stoops down. It is a man with his throat cut The child runs, runs with bis hands oat, over crag and spar, over heather and grass, runs with heart tiirobbing, hair c>n emi, mouth open. He hears something following him, gaining upon him. It overshadows him, catches him, and he falls. With a low, short shriek he faints. When be opens his eyes he remembers the man with hi* threat cut, and, feeling strong arms about him, shrieks again. But a hand is placed on bis mouth and the soft voice of bis father whispers eagerly into his ear, " My boy, my boy Ralph, for God's sake don't make a noise. Tell me what this means. It can't be you did that," and he points back at the murdered man. " it must have been Pierce." Ralph, waiting for the train at the little gate, had all that scene before him ss his eyes remained turned to the sea-coast The ] father, hearing the fall of the candlestick, had risen, and, suspecting something wrong, had lollowed both his children out into the night He thought it was to the hotel they had gone, and thither be went, but not find ing either of them had roamed about at hazard until just as the child fled from the dead body in the ravine be bad come upon the scene While the child ran the father looked at the body and saw it was a case of robbery and murder. He recognised the victim as a visitor whom be had rowed over to the North Head early in the day, and saw from his broken watch- chain, rifled pockets, and ringless finger that the murderer sought money. The father, with great hot tears running down his face and famtnessat heart, held the child in bis arms and, looking into his frightened eyes, demanded to know all. Ralph told all, told about the revolver and the knife, the accidental meeting in the ravine, and the flight As the saddened father carried him along in bis arms the child spoke of many other things that denoted lawlessness and systematic crime. He told about the Black. Bluff, over the ledge of which, in some hole or crevice there, Pierce kept bis Btore, and whither probably he bad now gone with his latest booty. The whistle of the train was beard coming along the line. Ralph, fascinated with the ghastly details his memory carried, still stared towards the sea- coast, and pursued the incidents of that far-back fell night He saw himself carried by the sobbing old man to the Bluff to point oat, as well as he could, the place where the treasures were concealed. As they ascended the incline a figure stood upright cm the top between themselves and the dark aky. It was Pierce. The father deposited the child cm the heather, telling him to remain quiet till he returned, and then advanced to the motion less figure. The child saw the two men meet He heard a few low word a The father's hands were raised as if imploringly, and then placed upon the young man's Bhouldera. There was a wrestling morion, the voices growing loader and harden Then Pierce jerked around, lifted his arm menacingly, and hurled a bitter oath from his lips. Father and son fought, the son pressing the old man, backwards nearer and nearer to the brink of the awful Bluff. The child ran towards them.) He saw Fierce drawback from jhecjd man, i lojfc fiercely around, and, rcaicenirstlni: his Krvncrh in &c; effort that was ia pa-"* s blow fad in put & pitch, hurl she grey-Leaded fsiher over the dizzying brink. The large bi&ck; eves, the straight nose, the DstrroTtr brows. the £imly-s^x lip?. pailid, fixed, &s-i; ghostlike Icraed on the child. The little knees shook, the little brain reeled., the little limbs sank limply down. bet as he fell prostrate among the stones be hefceid his brwtfcerpooT«-the brink and oat of sight. He thought be heard a cry aad a splash, but the sea crowned alL : _ Ralph, waiting for the train, had finished ■ that last scene. His eyes stiii lingered on his brother's lace. Over its serpentine coarse j iheencine sped, and &v.n; sras abreast of the j little piauorm.' Meets ajuffjfiy. with his eyes ; 03 his brother's ey-s, he tx-k his seat Very j *ravej'inr. sau he had a ; few people were travelling, sau small compartment to himseit. A ou. steady light fell from a solitary lamp ever-, isead. lie had a newspap-.r with hi in, bat j reading was out of tie ',aestion. Neither f v:- i.i the ! and compel inspectic-a. He shuddered, and storing thr'agh the; window mattered, '"ihff:. odd. It is a bitter j night. 1 wUh 1 had never started on tins ■ trip. For sixteen years I ha ve kept these red memories crashed down. I crept back to the t hale wooden cottage on the saai that night, j a iter seeing Pierce go ever the Rial!, and! n-ever 10Ma mortal siare what 1 knew. When j a bc^t picked cp an arm and some lew other ) ifagmepts of my father cert day, an i, when j capei the sharks. Ibid my face and dared not; teii, tor my brother's large Liack eyes ap-; p^ared to be fixed Dpon me. The people < found my brother's hat, and near where a ; lump of liesh clotted with blood was spitted i oaa crag, there w as a l-ua-.u of biack hair j v< hieh they said was his. The palfiic believed t that loth men had fallen orer in the night,; led varioos o«; jectcres as to how the terrible 1 ,-fi^jits occurred were freely distributed. Some i xnneCrsi the disaster with the murder rn ; he ravine, a£u tried to moke it oat that the ■ -obbersand mnrdarrfS w ho. perpetrated the; irst crime had pat my &ilier; and brother j >at of the war to keep then! IZ$m telhng j ales. Bat 1 was silent, 1 heard soi^fotte i say that a boatman palled r-und the Inner j lead some lime near midnight, and that the ! itroke was very like my brother's, and 11 coked np to find who was speaking when I j aw the large b.ack e;es 01 my brother barn- j eg in upon me. | On the train kept puffing. It began to i -limb the great pile oi ridges called the Bine | doantains. it was having the western cities j •ehicd. The wind now had a choice of in- j, rmmerits, and gave proof of its taste for j 'arietv. It wins Lied, and sang, and shrieked j n tarns. Bat neither its glee nor its gloom j sleeted Ralph. He was looking through the j rindew seeing wida Lis mind s eye the face of j 'ierce over the tnordered body in the ravine, S ■r the same face on the point oi the Ulan! rer which the aged father had been cast, j "here, in the darkness, among the little! oshiike lights dickering along the line, were j he large black eves, the straight nose, the j larrow brows, the firmly-eet lips, pallid, i ixed. and ghostlike! Wallerawacg Junction was passed, and op j he steep to Clarence siding the engine! >affed and bleated. The pressure became s .asier until Mount Victoria was crossed, j shen pace was pot on, and only every third jr fourth station caused a stoppage. Balph j sail sat in the window, looking out into the iarkness pondered here and there with i islets of ookmred light, bat hardly noticing j when the train rushed past some email plat- j iorm where the lamps were brighter and : more numerous, and where a few people, | loungers or officials, moved about under j tieavy covering. Ralph was not now aware i jf the coldness ot the night. .So absorbed J was he that his muiSer and hat lay on the ! seat beside him. j Down the mountains came the train. It \ wanted three hours of daylight The engine ! rushed past Springwood. There were eight or ten people on the lighted platform. Ralph's bead was full of a vision. Now his eyes were smitten by one He no longer saw by the mind alone. He saw in truth and in deed. There, on the platform before him, was the face of Pierce! The large black eyes, the straight nose, the narrow brows, the firmly-set lips, all pallid, fixed, and ghost like—there was the face! Another man stood in front, so that the i vision appeared looking over the stranger's shoulder from behind. Ralph saw, and knew he was seen. One instant he was dazed. The next he seized the door, bat it was locked. lie threw open the window and put his bead out The figures on the platform were moving about, and most .of them were looking another way. He could not distinguish his brother. The train swept on, passing station after station, and at Last drew up at Blacktown. Ralph, who bad stood at the window from 1 Springwood, leaped lrom the carriage as soon aB the door wasopenei. He walked upand down the platform, staring vacantly at each one he passed. He did not Know a here precisely he was going. To the questions of guards and porters he re tamed no reply. lie appeared to be walking in his sleep, bet was in reality looking into the large black eyes of his parri cide brother. An overwhelming desire to meet his brother laid hold of him. He be lieved now that the boat that had rounded the Inner Head was rowed by Pierce, and 1 that instead of having gone over the cliff, as bad been supposed, be had taken the plunder with him, ana sailed away from the land of outrage and Wood. He longed to meet Pierce, and tell him to his lace he was a murderer and a parricide The blood of the past filled his eyes, and seemed to steam up into his nostrils. lie did not meditate in forming the authorities. He did not think of them at alL He saw the dead faces back in the past He saw the face of the murderer now. He felt the. dead urging him to go and look into the black eyes of the murderer, and speak on their behalt He shook himself, and determined to return to Springwood. Asking when the first train *™°ld back, be learned that one would start at 10 o clock. Instead of going on to Sydney, he stayed at Blacktown tfli the hour came, lie did aot eat or drink, but] wandered about, occasionally inquiring of' j on? and another if they knew anything of the person he saw at Springwood. lie described the eyes minutely, and the other features generallf. But no one helped him. When ! the train came he entered a carriage. It rolled bade. He recognised the platform. w£l?00?r . T'enl *«e Ihey could not tell htm who was on the platform the preceding night No one of his brotiier'a name or appearance resided ^ thmWore, been only mifwnny g™iKb Springwood, mi was fay iffS bahly gone for eta. Itelph writed for the ne£ uPrtarin. and with wearied body and sir4r luwil Jq g_a WWJ UHI cotietH of hu iueha4 takga & new direction. His brother's face was before him wherever he went Awake, be would \- i-—_ into b pair ol large .Ufor hours U£i? ^r^an in . m.^v ««. seeing a rnurueicu . ;heathery ravine, gazing ai nui • father being hurled off the wild Bluff. Asleep, he would live and more among them all,; Fascinated by the terrible facts be took a trio to the South Head, and wandered alone 11 <"» fKrtrtfrht hf» | ijars sot.™ >>«-m I SQIOD? mi IUC via ... '• still emptied the blood upon the stones, j ' \Vitboat revealing who be was, be collected ! ! as much of the local memories as survived in | legend. The murder in the ravine bad not been connected with the disappearance of the i*riors. The father and eon were be* iieved to hare in some nnaccounted*for way fallen over the Bluff, the probability being that in one trying to give help to the other both had been destroyed. The police had arrested a woman named Jones for the murder in the ravine She bad been twice tried, but the evidence being wholly circum stantial the juries bad disagreed. To Ralph these particulars carried absorb \- interest He elicited them again and scenes cf the tragedies. He I hours among the heather, or on the 1^°* | the Bluff, comparing tbe legends with toe j 16At'last his business in Sydney was ended, and he dragged himself away, lie took the ; 3 p.m. train for home. As he tat at *he win low before, he took a similar seat now. This time there were two or three in the carriage *ri*b him. His mind were lull, and be oi l not speak, lie '^°^ed out through the window while tbe darkness deepened. He grew conscious that hie! brother's presence was approaching uim j again, that the large b'ack eyes were coming : tomeetbim. The train swept on, on. iti passed Blailand and Karabar without stopping. It let down a passenger at the, Valley. Darkness was on now, and the j lights were up. The train whistled past ^Sre^talph ! His h'-nrt is throbbing wildly; his face works spasmodically. He has leaped to his feet. Through the window his eyes stare. There among the lights on the piat :onn he beholds once more his brother s lace. Hie large black eyes are fastened on him; the iace is working spasmodically as it is turned on him. . Those in the carriage with Ralph noticed his excitement, and thinking he bad desired j to get out at Springwood told him his best j pistt was to leave at Faalcoiibridge, and either walk back the couple of miles or wait for the neat train. He got down at baulcon bridge, and started back on foot for Spring* wood. He had now attracted the notice of the officials. As he walked up and down use platform, looking into every face, and some times in his excitement reding up against the wail, the officials were forced to think bis senses affected. A police-detective followed him. Incidentally, some person observe! that a man with black eyes, and u stranger in the neighbourhood, had just a balf-hour or so before gone on horseback to the Valley. The word was enough for ltalph. He, too, sr-t off lor the Valley. Those who thought bis senses affected had now solid proofs. His ] mind wavered, staggered, moved about with-j out balance. From the evening when the dark memory returned upon him till be stood staring around in the little village of the Valley, with a detective beside him trying to discover the direction of his lunacy, he had eaten little, drunk little, spoken little, but had had his heart and brain full of terrible tragedies, and his vision held by tbe spell ot bis brother's crime. He dropped words that told his secret Incoherent as his words were, the detective j scented an important case. He had helped in getting up evidence in the tragic occur- j rences of sixteen years ago. The murder in the ravine and the lo&s; of father and son on the same night came back to his mind, i'rior! The name of Prior was a central one in the mysteries. He walked about with the distraught Ralph and probed his dizzied brain. Ralph, worn out, yielded up his burden. lie told alL He described the dark night on the iwttth Uead. He told how the world had gone until his biother looked at him from the Springwood platform. He only wanted to meet Pierce, to stand opposite, and hurl the crime in his teeth, to let him know that the murdered dead man was not forgotten, and that a curse would yet meet the bands that threw a grey-headed father over the rocks. Hut the lace! the face I How could he come up to it! It neared o'clock, and luckily the down-train stopped at the Valler to put out a passenger, as is the custom when arrangement is made with the guanL Ralph and the detective got into a carriage The latter directed the guard to draw up at Springwood. Instinctively Ralph rushed to the window, lie looked insane. He was insane He stood there and stared out into tbe darkness. The officer stayed near and followed his eye as closely as he could, RaJpb trembled as tbe gleam of the twinkling tights was seen. All nis soul was in his wild eyes. His livid lips worked. There was the platform, there the lamps, there the people, there the face I The maniac kicked at the carriage door, He knocked the glass from the window. The officer holding him now by the arm. rushed withhim on to the platiorm. But the face was gone! Up and down Ralph dragged the officer, but no one on the platform wore the face. A couple of police now came up. Ko stranger bad escaped from the platform. Suddenly a thought struck tbe first officer;, lie brought Ralph to a part of tbe platform alongside where the carriage was when the | face appeared. He tamed him with his back to the people. He then asked— "How many years is it since the tragic! night?" i "Sixteen," answered Ralpb. ! " How old were you then J" "Seven." " What sort of face have yon Been?*1 "Large, black eyes, straight nose, narrow brows, firmly** hps-all pallid, fixed, and ghostlike! ' Hie officer caught him by the shoulders ami turned him Biiarplyrouud, lifting his hat off as he did bo. The lamps were burning. A large advertisement minor bang against the opposite wall The officer pointed into iff Ralph sprang forward with a wild cry- There was ibeface) He most be taken care of for a few dart, said the officer. "He has been brooding over these terrible deeds. He is just now the age his brother waa on the night of the murders, and has the same feafme* IHa eyes, full of the face at the Bluff, took the face in the mirror foe his brother'n it waa his own seen from the carriage window." 