QUIET LIVES. I ( Queen. ) | Nevor at any timu in tile wonus uiatoiy hub life so' tumultuous, so agitated, so turbulent, us it is now. The rushing stream lias swept all before it ; and Bcarccly a nation is left as a quiet stretch of backwater, where no ripples are felt cif the mad wild Race which uproots the stoutest oaks and batters down the hardest rocas. 111 former days it was only one nation at a time that stirred aud tossed tho tranquil current. Here an Alexander and there a Xerxes— an overfull hive of Phoenicians throwing off its colonising swarms — tho Roman's thirst for war — the Barbarian's need of gain, plunder, of room to spread, of softer conditions of life — the gamo- eock-like fightiug and spurring of neighbouring rivals — all these the world has seen, when abundance of localised movement went on, and tho torrent for its own length swirled free and fast. But the rest of the great family Blood by, eithur watching in silence or in absolute ignorance ; and the quiet backwaters were still undisturbed. Now, where do you liud them 1 Nowhere ! The pathless wilds of Africa are crossed and recrossed by parties of exploiters as numeious as foraging ant3 in a forest. The short green summer of Norway is as gay and noisy as our own Lake District from May to September. Spain and Russia, Persia and Madagascar, Lapland and the Pacific Islands, all are swept over by the great modern rush of rest less activities ; and tho sharp line3 of demarca tion which once separated nation from nation are being lost in llio general flow. What is true of the world at large is true ako of England— of the places which used to be so many social r backwaters — and llie lives which once were quiet, unvciitful and deep-rooted. The most stagnant country town there is has its daily post and its railway station — ils active part in tho groat inhoritauco of living history — like a vein which dopends for its existence on the heart and the artery, tilled and throbbing in unison with the great ccntro. Queen Anno lies buried for ever beneath the floor of the Board School ; and the superstitious born of ignorance, as well as the lawlessness bred by isolation, have vanished like ghosts when the cock crows and tho morn ing dawns. The backwaters aru now tributaries ; and the former quiet little islands, now sub- | merged, make whirlpools rather than offer bo many obscure /Soars, where tho hoarse cries of the Stock Exchange were not heard, where the bookmaker had 110 foothold, whore ambition was lost in peace, and energy set itself to sleep with lotus seeds. Truly life used to be somewhat dreary at time to quiet backwaters ; and Hoar had as much the aspect of an hypietlir.il prison as of a City of Refuge. Among huniau instincts ' craving nourishment and compelling recognition, ii what we call the dramatic ; and the dramatic iustinct flourishes whether ils sight be a forty - a:ro field or a flower-pot in tho back-yard. Those who cannot feed it with the stream of history as it trausaets itself in large events, water is well with cupfuls of dirty water taken out of the village ditch. All quiet lives are not given up to gossip, and we would paint some of tho supremest dignity and loveliness. The men who live down at their places in the country — managing their estates — fulfilling such public offices as fall to their share — careful landlords — I good citizens — setting examples of probity and: wise thought, of moral uprightness and mental liberality — keeping abreast with the literature, the science, the politics of the day — men who weep out of their path all gossip aud ill-nature, all narrowuess of mind and meanness of action — rtliese are the deep-rooted oaks of which Eng land may well boast herself, the sons of whom she is justly proud, the men who have made her what she is, and who are still the backbone of the nation. Dating from tho dim years of the long ago, the Family have held the lauds with which their very lives seem now to bo incorpora ted. No stain is on the well-kept urinino ; no blot on the escutcheon marks where a traitor, a ruffian, a criminal forgot liis high traditions and betrayed his inherited trust. They have always been noble aud worthy ; and the doctrine of heredity is justified in their unwritten history. Intensely rational, they are in no way nomadic. They bide at home, and do not think it necessary to vary their lives by a season in London during the winter — when they are most wanted by their neighbours and the poor ; or by a summer at the seaside— when their gardens aud the country are at their best, aud lne- ro- politan friends are most easily amused and most gladly dealt with. Years pass and they keep at home ; nor do they find their health decay for want of change, nor their intellect deteriorate for the same cause. The consequence of this un divided attention to their own affairs and the affairs of the parish, is, that their estates are best managed, their tenantB the most prosperous, their crime-lists and poor-rates the lowest of any to be fouud within hale. Other quiet lives are there which make their own path beautiful, and offer, as it were, a Bhade where the more rest less spirits may shelter themselves from the glare of the noontide and tho heat of the battle. A mail who has enough whereon to live with dignity and sufficiency — who can educate his sons like gentlemen, and put away a modest living for his daughters — who has 110 need to work on his own account, and who can therefore give place to those with whom work is life, and Whoso bread must be won before it can be eaten — a man content with a competency, and not averse. from home duties and unambitious study —how raro this picture, and how sweet and benujiful when found '( In the feverish ambition by which wc are driven as by a tempest and tormented as by a sickness, to come across 0110 who is content with his place and satisfied with his fortune, is both a choice charm and a fair find. One sees in him tho re- embodiment of that old philosophy of quiescence which was once considered the highest wisdom of uieti. To store his mind with noble thoughts — to ordov- liis household with dignify and moderation — to bring up his children 011 the lines of liberal culture and flawless honour — to wreBt 110 man's place from him by needless strife — to diminish 110 man's fortune by greedy halving — to culture liis own little plot diligently and up to the highest poiut of perfection possible, rather than to wander abroad into tho acres of others, squandering his energies, and dispossessing the weaker— this is a life which, we say again, is as beautiful as it is rare. In tho rush of tho mighty torrent foaming onward, over onward — in the roar of tho groat stream of life, where farces mout and clash, aud the great endeavour of each particle is for mastery and precedence — these quiet lives of practical philosophy are worth all the sermons preached against ambition by the vicar dreaming of the archdeacon at the last grasp. Let 110 man revile this unobtrusive fashion of life. It has its uses and its beauty ; and at last is froe from the reproach of greedy grasping at inure, when it has enough of its own — to tho fatal loss of tlioso who have nothing and want all. 