Sporting Mems. Canary, the hunter, died a few days [ago at the advanced age of 30 years. At the Orange (N.S.W.) 'racfB last week the J.C. Handicap was won by Signor. ' r The St. Albans training and breeding establish rrent hasn't changed ownership after all. Tho Viotiriun horse Birdcatoher, imported to New Zetland to fill Sorcerer's place, died recently. 'j.'At the sale of the Glenormiston (Vic.) stud tbe veteran racohorsej. Wellington realised only 370 guinoaB. , t ; . : , . : ' Cyclop 3 out bis near hind paBtern very badly in the recent Champion Race, which was [annexed by Matohlock. Mr. D. Archibald, of Kyabram, recently pur* ohasod the Victorian roadster The Douglas King, for 500 guineas. \- Con Dwyer, the Melbourne cyclist, haa succeeded in breaking the English record for a quarter,, half, and three- quarters of a mile. Frisco registered first placo in the Selling Race at Melbourne, 13th March, with Deor and Dirk Hat teraick second and third respectively. The'settlipg over thejlate V.B.C. Meeting was de cidedly- unsatisfactory in Sydney, as a number of losers failed to put in an appearance, and the booka are lamentable. Before winning the Forbury Handicap, , the New Zealand mere, Necklace, won the Tradesman's Plate and the Publicans' Plato at Auckland beating good fields in both caseB. , : Studley annexed the V.A.T.C. Steeplechase at Melbourne on March 13, with Bob Cooper second, and Euohre third. Pride, Marquis of Waterford, The Irishman, Masher and Phenomenon also startod. 'MaidenSelling fiace, Autumn meet of the V.A.T.C. on Saturday Maroh IS, registered the following places ; Jooular, by Countryman— Gaiety, 1 j Patoh i. : ? ? ? ? . t . . f work, 2; Geelong, 3. Other starters wera Nuhcio and Harbinger. . Yellow Hammer, the son of Yellow Jack and Garnet, tho proporty of Mr. A. F. Bradshaw, an nexed the Melton Handicap rather easily the other day. Ho carried 6st- 121b., and left Pan, Stone broke, and Lead On behind bim. Over 1000 people present at Foley's Athletic Hall, Sydney, to witness tho capital sparring, wrest ling, fencing, and weight-liftiog contests whioh take placo under the admirable manage xient of Mr. H. M. Csnsdeli, eTery Saturday evening. Wallace Bosb and Plaisted intend to go throngh the Niagara whirlpool in a boat next August. Many believe tbey will be drowned : others are of opinion that their, boat, now being contracted for in the United States, will carry them safely through.. : We loam that Necklaoe, the N.Z.'mare, is likely to te matched to race Nelson over tho Cup course at Dunedin, at their respective handicaps. But, as Major George offered to lay £3000 to £2000 on his favourite, the match will molt probably not come off. Mr. Oharles Bock, of New Orleans, has bean ap pointed stakeholder and referee in the Steinitz Zukertort chess match, fcr tbe chess championship of the world, with £800, each side contributing £400. : Tbe matoh ends when either side wins 10 games, drawn games not oounting. Dunlop, Cerise and Blue, and Gardenia, plaoed as named for the St. Kilda Cup, Autumn meet of the V.A.T.C., Saturday, March 13. Kit Nubble*, Cam erine, Claptrap, Cyclops, Lcsbia, Lady Claudia, Lavington, Honey Bee, Yellow Hammer, Footman, Douglaston, Genoa and Hunter also statted. The New Zealand-bred mare Necklace, by* Musket from Locket, own sitter to Thunderbolt, the day after running Nelson to half a length in the Dunedin Cup, won the Fotbury Handicap of £3C0, oco milo and a half. Banning against her were Hermitage, Der .inger and Lady Emma (bred in N.S W.). For the Hurdle I ace, Autumn meet (V.A.T.C1.) the following horses were plaoed as named : Fufo?, by Blue Light — Thames, Insolvent, and Master Pice top. O'.her starters were Royal Maid, Mistake, Drummer, Agitatioo, Vanderbilt, Sinking Fund, Koolyte, Hilltop, Golden Butterfly, Chief and Mag nolia. Prize money paid et the recent Dunedin (N.Z.) race meot tots £4245 7s., of which £964 5b. wsb annexod by Major George, the Cup being valued at £836. , Mr. -T. Marshall was next on the list as a winner, securing £836,' then follow Messrs, B. Brown and E. Lyons, with £220 and £207 eech re spectively. . For the South Yarra Handicap (Melbourne) on the 13th March, Gardenia, by King of the Bing — Fleur de Dio, registered premier place. St. Odille, came in second with Tarpeia third. The other starters were Mozart, Ghost, Irralcc, Bis Bis, Bohe mian, Napier, Allander, Ironmaster, Albanus, An archy, Marie Louise, Jocular, First Pop, Millatresm, Ebony and St. Paul. 