NEW YEAR’S DAY MEETING. (FROM OUR MELBOURNE CORRESPONDENT.) The day, was fine but dull, the Governor was present and about 20,000 or 25,000 of his admirers graced the scene. The ladies did not essay much display, most of the dresses being plain white trimmed with lace or com binations of‘cream, lace with cuirass over dress. Neatness, rather than a desire to bo over capricious was the noticeable character istic of the toilettes, and it was observable that the crinolette had almost disappeared. A band played upon the lawn, and the cool breeze and tempered sunlight made’the meeting a thoroughly enjoyable one for the spectators. The first contest was:— The Normandy Stakes. Hon. W. A. Long’s Maddolina, 9st (Robertson) ' : 1 Mr 8. O. Cook's Dividend, SstJOlb (Power) ' .. 2 Mr J. O. Reid's Gadfly, Bst 71b (Williams) .. .3 Blondin, First Consul, Damocles, Munwyr tiua, Retort, Louise Berta also started. Maddelina bolted before the start but was recalled, led from the jump and won by a length and a half in 1 min 5| sec. Standish Plate. Mr J. Cripps’ Duration, 7st 61b (Brown) .. .. 1 Mr T. Jones’ Bohemian, 7st 181 b (Flannagan) .. 2 Mr D. S. Wallace’s Chuckster Bst llib (Robertson) 3 Sheet Anchor, Moonshee, Stafford, The Ghost, Lord Wilton, Anchorite, Sea Horse, Claptrap, Remus, Albanus, Uuoas, Laving ton, Merman, Gardenia, Cbilde Harold, and Islander also started, the betting being heavily in favor of Sheet Anchor. A good start was effected, Lavington, Sea-Horse, Duration, Sheet Anchor, and Anchorite forming the leading division. At the abat toirs Lavington increased his lead, Duration coming up second, Bohemian, Sheet Anchor, and Remus forming second division. Remus challenged Lavington at the turn, and Gardenia came fast on the inside, but died away. A good tussle eusued in the straight, resulting in a victory for Duration by half a length, Bohemian next, Chuckster, Stafford, Claptrap, Lavington, Sheet Anchor, and Lord Wilton following in that order. Time, 1 min 424 sec. Hurdle Race, Mr J. Ware’s Insolvent, lost 12Ib(J. Scobic) .. 1 Mr O’Connor's Master Piuetop, lOst 81b (M’Leoti) .. 2 Mr R. Mann’s Grattan, 9st 101 b (Hubt) .. .. 3 Gasalier, Vulcan, General Jackson, Waver ley. Distiller, Falcon, Koolyte, and Cock boat also started. Vulcan led, followed by Koolyte; General Jackson, anti Insolvent, the latter jumping to the lead at the stand, where Gasulier fell and broke his leg. Op posite the bridge Distiller ran off and -was pulled up, while Grattan drew into third place. At the shed, Insolvent led by three lengths, and ran home easily, Master Piue top coming in the straight and beating Grattan; General Jackson, Waverley, Falcon, Vulcan, and Koolyte, finishing next. Time, 3 min. 53J see. The Bagot Plate.- Mr M. Loughlin's Sheet Anchor, 9st 31b (O’Brisn).. 1 Sir S. Martin's Reginald, 9st 31b (Robertson) .. 2 air O'Sbannassey’s First Prince, Sst 211> (aioore) ~ 3 These were the only starters, and the race was a promenade for Sheet Anchor. Steeplechase. air aiillcr's aiernder (Watson) .. 1 Hon. W. Pearson’s Lady Ashton (Kilduff) .. 2 air E. .Martin's Native (ai’Leod) .. .: .. 3 Lizette, Wymlet, Goodwood, and Narruhg also started. Lady Ashton led with Mern der second, the others several lengths in the rear. Turning towards the straight Wymlet fell,' but was remounted, and at the next, jump Lizette fell,. and immediately after wards Naming. This left the nice to Lady Ashton, Mernder, and Native, but, as at Caulfield, Mernder beat the mare in the straight, and won in 5 min. 50 sec. Midsummer Handicap. Mr J. Cripps’Duration,Cst 01b (Brown) .. .. 1 Mr G. S. Wallace’s Chuckster (Robertson) .. 2 Mr S. Davis’ Camerine (Trahan) ... .. .. 3 The other starters were:—Blink Bonny, Velocipede, Anglesey, Bend Or, and Lesbia. Blink Bonny was first away, with Duration, Velocipede, and Madcap next. At the bridge Lesbia went up to Duration, who had as sumed the lead, and the pair drew away three lengths; but turning into the straight, Camerine and Chuckster came up, but failed to catch Duration, who won easily in 2 min. 3S-i sec. Criterion Stakes. Sir W. D. Robertson's The Nun, Sst 71b (Moore) .. 1 Mr S. G. Cook’s Mainsail, 7st 411> (Dalton) .. 2 Mr T. Cliirnside’s St. Paul (Power) .. .. 3 Phcebe Walton and V.C. also started. The Nun led from the jump, and won easily in 1 min. 194 sec. 