ACADEMY OF MUSIC. The rrception of the performance of ' Hamlet' last night by the Hollov.ay Company at the Academy of Music seemed to verify an assertion made in our columns of their performance of ' Much Ado About Noihing,' that Shakespeare's comedies suited the popular taste better than his tragedies. The great tragedy was beautifully put on the stage.- ine scenery was excellent from first to last, the glen to which Hamlet follows his father's ghost being especially beau tiful, while the several parts were equally well represented as in the comedy, yet although the characters are of a higher class, and the acting rela tively better, the tragedy did not seem so highly appreciated as the comedy. Whether the taste of the age requires more humor than heretofore, or, like the juvenile man about town who saw it be fore reading it, the public think there are too many quotations in it, and want some thing newer, it is impossible to say, but last night's performance hardly received the acknowledgment that might have been expected. The parts which seemed most appreciated were the churchyard scene, where Mr C. Holloway and Mr Harris took the part of the grave-diggers exceed ingly well, and those in which Polonius' or fTnmlpf'fl Vntinrr sareasima. re lie7ed the more tragic features of the piece. Those features naturally do not bring out their acknowledgment till the close of the scene, but it was not till the curtain had fallen on the second act that the audience seemed moved to any enthusiasm, despite , the fact that the house was packed from top to bottom, even the dress circle having nothing but standing room, and not much of that. After that act Mr W. J . Hollo wav forced its own recognition. His Dart is one which is evidently the result of the most careful study. He has fully conceived the affectionate son overcome with the horror of the murder of his father, and armed with a fixed resolve to revenge his death, and weakened though it may be by his vacillating spirit that procastinates and find excuses for net carrying out his de sign. While he never loses sight of his con ception of the main features of the character, Mr Holloway also brings out the minor details of each line of his part without allnwinor no inn nff.PT- t.hp tlie general idea to which his lines lead up to smother the minor points with which a 1 great poet enriches a leading idea. The parts for which he deserved ail the ap plause he got through the piece were the soliloquy commencing ' Oh, what a logue and peasant slave am I,' the play scene, and that in his mother's chamber, though, in the latter, it is doubtful whether the force of the lines is intensified by comparing the miniatures worn by the Queen and Hamlet, rather than ideals of the two brothers. For one thing especially Mr Holloway deserved miaaf /-ninmon^Qfinn urtA +Tiof. nrac ftia nor. I fc/v* feet manner in which he spoke his part. He was almost letter-perfect, but for a slight slip in misplacing a couple of words, while be showed the extreme care with which he has studied the part by, what we believe to be, a new and cer tainly effective rendering of a line, where the news of the arrival of the players is announced. In ' He that plays the king shall be welcome. His Majesty shall have tribute of me,' he brought out the contrast with his fe'eling toward his uncie witn maruea enect. ine same care in rendering their lines was not evident in the minor characters, some of whom hurried over whatever they said in a manner which the sound of falling rain on the roof helped to render a1 most inaudible. To these Mr H. Hodson as Polonius was an exception, and his rendering of the part, though perhaps he represented the old busy body as a trifle more foolish than the man possessed of the worldly wisdom he shows in his farewell to his son, and his knowledge of what his son's lite woum ne in a gay city, yet as a wnoie the conception was fairly consistent, and bis acting gained the goodwill of the audience. Another exception was the King, whose part was well taken throughout by Mr BL R. Jewitt, every line of whose part was carefully delivered. MisB Essie Jenyns gained yet another triumph as Ophelia, and was enthusiastically ?re- called for her excellent and graceful ren dering of the scene where Ophelia has lost her wits, when she was greeted with an ^avalanche of bouquets. The Queen of Miss Kate Arden was a careful and talented piece of acting, and duly appre ciated, especially iu her interview with Hamlet after the play scene. The other characters were fairly supported, chief amongst them being Mr C. Holloway as the Ghost, Miss Nita Steele as Osric, Mr R. Stewart (Laertes), Mr W. Carle (Mar cellus), and Mr Stewart (First Player). The dresses, an item for which this com pany has been particularly noticeable, were again of the first order, and put the finishing touch to a worthy representation of the great tragedy. At the fall of the cur- j tain, Mr W. J. Holloway came before the ; audience, amidloud applause, and thanked the audience for the hearty appreciation they had shown throughout the season, and, alluding to the Shakespearian pro- j ductions, said it had been averred that to j produce Shakespeare meant bankruptcy ] to a management, but he had found the Shakespearian dramas the best attended of any, a proof of the high intelligence and taste of the Launceston public. He had to thank Mr Sullivan for the manner in which they had been supported by him, and felt sure he would always cater for the public to their satisfaction. He con cluded by announcing the opening of the Pollard's Liliputian Opera .Company on Monday week. 