THE Advertiser THURSDAY, JULY 8,1886. THE second attempt this session to upset the present Government has ended in absolute failure. Mr. Glyde's motion, declaring that the financial policy of the Government is unsatisfactory, was re jected by ihe Assembly at an early hour last night by a majority which was so large that there was no call for a division. Long before the debate closed, indeed, it was known for a certainty that this would be the result If Mr. Clyde was at any time induced to hope that the terms in which his motion was couched would guarantee him considerable support he was wofully deceived. Nearly all the speaking was really for the motion, but nearly all the voting was against it. Although few members were pre pared to say that the financial policy of the Government is satisfactory, at the came time Mr. Glyde could not find a majority ready to concede that that fact forms a sufficient ground for a change of administration. It was not perceived lion* matters were to be improved by taking a leap in the dark at the hon. member's invitation. Mr, Glyde, in his able indictment of the financial proposals of the Government, spoke wholly for himself. The acknowledged leaders of the Opposition helped him with their votes, but they did not assist his cause by a single word of public speech. Mr. Rounsevell was discreetly silent, and so was Mr. Coles. It was evident that these gentlemen, while quite willing in the event of a fortunate issue to the motion to profit by Mr. Glyde's success, were)on the other hand altogether unprepared to involve themselves directly in the failure which at an early stage of the debate was seen to be inevitable. We sincerely sym pathise with the hon. member. "He de clares that he was not the catspaw of the Opposition, but his political innocence must have been imposed upon, and un consciously to himself the Opposition sought to use him to draw the chestnuts from the five. The Government still re tain their seats, but to keep them in office the House has been obliged to declare by inference, and with peculiar inconsistency, thaJ.theirfinHnpiaipolicy—whicheverybody recognises cannot be carried in its present form—gives general aatisfaction. The game of politics Is truly a strange one. Mr. Glyde will have seen clearly by this time that the vote does not always—and in certain complications it cannot—go exactly with the opinion. Ingenuity in planning to catch votes may be great, but there are circumstances under which, to avoid a worse evil than inconsistency, an incon sistent vote will be given and excused. Mr. Glyde analysed the fi--<*-.t-iri?tl situi tion with rare skill. Few members ap preciate more keenly its aeriouaness, and none ha* shown.morei Completely that, so far as the Government proposals touch the question of abolishing the present deficit, they rest upon a basis of dangerous speculation. Mr. Bray, in his easy, jaunty, and somewhat superficial style, spoke—as he usually does—with the effectiveness which fully serves the pur pose of the moment. He talked capitally, but his speech will not read nearly so well. Mr. Glyde's mood was one of gravity and earnestness throughout. The Treasurer had been u]>on his feet but two minutes when the House had already forgotten facts and figures, and members were laughing at the ready jests of Mr. Bray, and applauding his oratorical legerdemain. Only upon one point did the Treasurer score a decided victor; ; but that point was an important one. Mr. Glyde holds that the Government have over-estimated the probable revenue for the current year by £125,000. This means that the deficit will be increased, unless fresh provision Is made to prevent ito accumulation, by £215,000 during the course of the twelve montlis ending on June 30 next. The hon. member opposes an increase of taxation, on the ground that we are already taxed enough, and he relies for the extinction of the deficit on the sale of Crown lands for cash. But how will he make the revenue and expenditure for the present year meet each other / Sell Crown lands, if you will, to pay off the deficit that has accumulated up to June 30 hut, so that a fresh start may be made ; but is the country this year to spend deliberately £215,000 more than its ordi nary income, and to Bell land for cash to meet current expenses ( Surely this would be unendurable finance; yet Mr. Glyde left the impression that this was what he proposed. Ihe Treasurer, of course, saw his opportunity and made the most of it. Mr. Glyde's subsequent ex planation did not clear the matter up, "He thought he had made himself understood that in his opinion the amount we could eave by the appointment of a Civil Service Board, the appointment of a Railway Board, enquiries as to tenders for supplies, and the reduction of the education vote, would be certainly as much as the Govern-, ment could hope to receive from their own taxation proposals." On Mr. Glyde's own showing, if .the savings were as great as the amount of the proposed taxation they would still be far short of the sum that is requisite to prevent a serious increase of the deficit. But does he really think that such savings can be made during the present year '( Has he not himself said that the Government have under - estimated the expenditure for the year? Does ho suppose that the appointment of a Railway Board and a Civil Service Board can be made in time to have much effect on the working of our railways or our Civil Service before June 30 next ? When does he imagine that an enquiry by a Royal Commission into the question of tenders for Government supplies would complete its labors ? Mr. Glyde is deluding himself. If he objects to further taxation, as a means of equalis ing revenue and expenditure henceforth, he is at least required to state an alternative policy, and that he failed to do. The case of the hon. member was, on the other hand, very-strong in so far as it dealt with tie insufficient provision made by the Government for extinguish ing the existing deficit. ? As between the scheme of Ministers for raising a revenue to meet the Treasury bills by enabling selectors to complete purchase at the end of six years, and the scheme of Mr. Gljde to meet them by creating a fund from the proceeds of cash sales of land in the interior, there is little doubt as to which the House will choose. The main objection to the Government scheme is that, with the exception of the Ministry, the Surveyor-General, and a few members whose opinion is not of special value— aJmost every one is agreed that it will not bring in the required amount. The main support of Mr. G Iyde's scheme is that a majority of members are quite convinced —on what appear to be adequate grounds —that it will raise more than sufficient revenue. The doveniment themselves do not pretend that a resort to the plan of selling the land may not eventually be come needful, and perhaps very little pressing will suffice to secure their adhe sion to it. Yesterday the Treasurer answered Air. Glyde's arguments on this question with an epigram. "We are asked," he said, "to sell some land—we don't know where ; to some people—we don't know whom ; at some opportune time in the future—we don't know when." This is a happy summary of ? the objections which might fairly be taken to a scheme that at present certainly does lack deftoifce ness, but it may not be so diffi cult as Sir. Bray imagines to obtain the information he desires. What seems certain is that Parliament is willing to make the experiment, and that members generally believe in the prospects of its success. The scheme of the Government is on the other hand utterly discredited. In spite of the resolution of the House last night, the financial policy of Ministers is to that extent unsatisfactory, and, as Mr. Coglin would say, they know it. The defeat of Air. Glyde does not wipe away this fact, and the House will surely take advantage of the well-proved pliancy oi the Government to twist their policy to a shape that will give greater satisfaction to the country than it does at the present time. Mr. Glyde would not have been found in the position in which he placed himself yesterday had his knowledge of political scheming been equal to hi3 honesty of purpose. A few days ago our London telegrams announced that the Prince of Wales had stated that it was impossible for him to visit Australia, and open our Jubilee Ex hibition ; and to-day it is reported that it is suggested in England that the duty should be undertaken by the Duke of Connaught, the youngest surviving son of the Queen. From the beginning we have recognised the fact that there are peculiar difficulties in the way of a pro longed absence from England of the Prince of Wales, lie has for some time been so constantly representing her Majesty on state and ceremonial occasions that unless the Queen herself were pre pared t? undertake a much larger share of the toil and fatigue of appearing in public than she has done for many years past his absence would be greatly felt at court and by the nation at large. And besides this there is of course the possi bility of an emergency occurring at any time which would make his presence in England of the utmost importance. With out, therefore, too hastily accepting the expression of the Prince's opinion as to the difficulties in the way as necessarily finalising the question of his visit, it is only reasonable to conclude that we may not entertain any very great hope that the wishes of the colony can be gratified in the matter. Nevertheless the loyal and enthusiastic supportof Australiashould still be given to the invitation so long as no official reply has been received ; and it is so clear that the reasonable wishes of these colonies are receiving the utmost consideration at court and by the Government, that we may take it for granted that such an in vitation will not be declined except in consequence of insurmountable obstacles. The mention of the Duke of Con naught as a substitute for the Prince of Wales shows that the claims of Australia are respected, and that there exists an anxiety to do honor to the colonies. While of course it would be -regretted that the Prince of Wales could not visit us, the presence of the Duke of Connaught would be hailed with the utmost satisfaction. As he has not visited Australia before it would give the colonists an opportunity of becoming acquainted with one more member of the royal family ; as the son of her Majesty he would receive a welcome thai would serve to express the loyalty of Australia to the person and throne of the Queen ; and as an officer in the army and the pro bable successor to the Ddke of Cambridge as Commander-in chief great interest would be felt in him personally. The in telligence which we publish as to the proceedings in London in anticipation of the Adelaide Exhibition shows that con siderable attention is being given to the subject,and that notwithstanding the hints and insinuations recently telegraphed about the importance of the Government formally accepting the responsibility for and control of the exhibition, it is not likely to lack support by Exhibitors from England. As time advances the prospect of a successful issue to the undertaking constantly improves ; and whether the Prince of Wales or the Dakeof Connaught should undertake to conduct the cere mony of opening, the announcement that one of the Queen's sons is commissioned to do ao will be an important element of success, both as regards the local and the distant exhibitors and visitors. One advantage tliat would attach to a visit from the Duke of Connaught would be that it need not be curtailed by any special haste, and he could visit the principal cities of all the Australasian colonies. Probably a much larger number of her Majesty's subjects would be able to Bee him during hu tour than could hope to see the Prince of Wales during a visit, every day's duration of which would have to be carefully calculated and observed. Mr. tilyde evidently does not possess the I-ower bestowed on Strephon, who in the opera of "lolanthe" is represented as being- able t3 pace any measures be proposes through Parlia ment. The no-confidence debate in the As sembly yesterday ended in a complete collapse. Great interest was manifested in the debate, during the progress of which the various galleries were crowded. Shortly after 2 o'clock Air. Glyde rose to move —" That in the opinion of this House Che Government policy does not make satisfactory provision for the financial requirements of the colony." The lion, member, who stationed himself in a seat be hind that usually occupied by Mr. Rounsevell, and therefore directly' facing the Treasury benches, was apparently more nervous, and spoke far more rapidly than usual. He dis claimed any desire to attack the Government personally, and denied that he was the catspaw of any party. Reviewing the present financial position, he said we could not expect to get the increase in the railway receipts prophesied by the Treasurer. The two items of Customs and railways were, he believed, overestimated by*£l2s,ooo. In three years £636,000 had been taken from the pockets of the people by taxation, and in spite of this we had gone to the bad to the extent of £535,000. There had, moreover, been a reduc tion of 50 per cent in the grants to corporations and district councils. He estimated the taxa tion for the current year at £792,000, and to keep up at the same rate an additional tax of £278,000 would be required next year, or a total of £3 7s. per head of the population. Where, he asked, was this additional taxa tion to come from, and he answered amidst cheers that land could stand no more. The ordinary resources of taxation were exhausted. We were in a cul de sac, out of which increased taxation would not bring us. The hon, member went on to advocate the sale of our Crown lands. He did not say that land should be sold immediately, for we had now sufficient cash in hand from the loan fond, but what we should do was to take power by legislation so that sales of land could be made when the cash was actually required. By the appointment of a Civil Service Board and a Railway Board, by making enquiries into tenders for supplies, and by curtailing some of the education vote an amount would, he reckoned, be received as great as the Government conld hope to realise from their taxation proposals. Mr. Glyde spoke for about an hour, when the Treasurer replied on behalf of the Government. Mr. Bray rarely appears so happy as in a no con fidence debate, and on this occasion he was in a characteristically humorous and pleasant mood, conveying the impression that the Go vernment were not at all alarmed by the idea that the motion would be carried. He an swered Mr. Glyde'a criticisms at some length, and his concluding reference to that hon. member, -who, he said, "is and has been a useful private member, and who will be a u3e fid private member fcr many years to came," evoked roars of laughter from all sides of the House. The ex Treasurer then made known his financial views, but as the House had hardly recovered from the effect of Air. Bray's speech, and as Mr. Newland spoke in a low tone of voice, be was not particularly effective. Mr. Catt contributed a practical speech, which was listened to with attention, as indeed are all his addresses. Throughout the discussion it was noticeable that the recognised leaders of the Opposition kept in the background, and this was explained by the rumor that every moment the chances of Sir. Gtyde were becoming more hopeless. It had been intended that Mr. Duncan should move and Mr. Johnson second an axnexidnient to strike out all the words in tberrotionafter "House" and insert "that the business of the country be now proceeded with," and this, it is said, would have ? een carried, but at the special request of the Premier the amendment was not brought for ward. There were numbers of humorous inci dents during the debate. Mr. Mattinson chaffed Mr. Caldwell for having acted as the guide, philosopher, and friend of Mr. Glyde, and rather nnkindiyattributed the want of successor the mover to that fact. He als? expressed the hope that this time Mr. Caldwell would have the courage of his opinions and record his vote, but the necessity did not arise, for Mr. Glyde having replied shortly after 8 o'clock the motion was put and declared negatived, no division being called for. Some private busi ness was then disposed of, and at 9 o'clock the House adjourned until the following day.?d The following statement made by Mr. G kkL, the auditor appointed with Mr. Davies to examine the books of the Port Augusta Per rtianmt Building Society, at a meeting of the Society on Monday, shows the position of the shareholders and the losses that have occurred through the alleged defalcations of the secre tary, Mr. J. C. Knipe (late Mayor of Port Augusta):—"The amount due to investing shareholders, including profits, was £8,283 Ida. 9d.; the balance of profit and loss account as , per ledger for the past half year was £40114a. 4d. The amount supposed to have beeo placed to the credit of the society in the Bank of Ade laide was not there, and it appeared from the bank's books that there was a debit balance of £550 7s. lid. The balance due to sundry creditors of the society on account of cheques received by the late secretary was £241 9a. 9d.; on outstanding cheques £55 was dae, snd £80 se. lid. was apparently due to Mr. McCarthy. The total debit of the society waa therefore £7,618 17s. Bd-, and there was due by borrowing shareholders, including- profits, £5,1£6 15s. I'd. The deficiency therefore amounted to £2,482 Is. 9d. This statement was, Mr. Good was ceitain, substantially correct, i though there might be some small inaccuracies with regard to pass-books which he had keen unable to inspect and examine; but he bad examined 114 out of 144 pass-books and the only error he had discovered was one to the amount of £2 Bs. All payments ha J bean entered duly in the society's cash book, and the defalcations had been made by simply not paying the ment-y received into the bank to the society's credit, and by deceiving directors and auditors with a fictitious bank passbook. The balance-sheet for the half-year ended May 31, 183S, gave the following results: —To balance from jrevious half year (non-existent in fact), £1,793 2s. 9d.; receipts, £1,458 Is. 6d.; total. £3,251 4s. 3d. Uhecrtoite were—Shares withdrawn, £704 9s. 2d,; loans, £935; and charges, £64 12s. lid.; total, £1,704 2s. Id., leaving a balance of £1,547 2s. 3d. to be accounted for. This balance was accounted for in the bx>k? as follows:—Balance of cash-book, £151 lls.; on deposit in the Bank of Adelaide (£1,500— lees overdiaft £104 Bs. lOd.), £L.395 lla. 2d. The tooks balanced correctly, as they did at the but audit, the only difference being that, whereas there was a fictitious credit balance of £1,793 2s. Id. then, the amount was now £1,547 2s. 2d.—and hence the share holders were really some £250 better off than they would have been if the frauds had been discovered six months earlier. The state of the society in brief was this, that there was a deficiency in gross of £2,482 Is. 9d%- the profits credited to shareholders up to the end of the previous half-year totalled £1,929 18s. 5d.; profits for the last half-year, £404 14s. 4d.; rent* dae, £76 65.; total, £2,410 185. 3d. This showed that the dtficiency was covered within £70 by the profits, and that the capital of the society remained almost intact, the whole of its profits having been swept away." On Wednesday the torpedo instructor on board the gunboat. Protector (Mr. Parnell) gave the first of a series of lessons on the working of torpedoes to several members of tha crew of the vessel, at the torpedo station, near the North Ann. CorcmanderWallcot was present. The class will be taken through the same course of instruction as that given in the Torpedo School at Portsmouth. When the series is completed and the men have thoroughly mastered the theoretical part of the work they will be shown the practical part, and then they will be called upon to carry ont the fitting of the various mine* themselves. The whole of the men on beard the gunboat are to receive the same in struction, but the classes will be so arranged that only a certain number of men will be absent fromthevefselatatime. Each course of lessons will last about six weeks. The class is conducted in a spacious lecturing room in a galvanized iton building 110 feet in length, and in this there is almost every description of electrical contrivance, including reflecting and marine galvanometers, batteries and firing keys. By means of a few experiments the instructor intends to make the lessons not only instructive, but interesting also, and the men who were present at Wednesday's claw certainly seemed to be deeply interested in mhat they were told. Affairs at the torpedo station are going on very smoothly, and much work is being accomplished by about a dozen men whom Messrs. Parnell and. Clarkson have under them. The bine-jackets work with a will, and notwithstanding their isolated posi tion they appear to be thoroughly happy. Preparations are being made for the White head torpedoes, which the Government ordered some little time back, and which are expected to arrive in about a month's time. A few weeks ago an air-pump of the latest type and an engine arrived from Krgland, and they axe to be used in connection with the loading of the torpedoes. A boiler has been placed in position about half way between the main building and the jetty, and the engine and airpump have been put in their proper places, but the connections are not yet completed. Some of the men are engaged in excavating for the foundations of an out building, and others are occupied in decking the large shed. The buildings are in a very clean condition notwithstanding the work which is being carried on in and around them, and the appliances used for electrical torpedo work are kept in a particularly bright state. Mr. Parnell is an enthusiast in his work, and now that he is supplied with all the necessary instruments for instructing the men he expects that the lessons will prove successful. Our Merriton correspondent writes on July 6:—"A strong shock of earthquake was experienced about here at S a.m. on Sunday last, causing much consternation and ahum." The monthly meeting of the committee of the Orphan Home was held on Monday, Mrs. Kennion in the chair. The hon. secretary reported that the new matron (Miss Hocbdn) had taken charge on June 29. Balance of cash from previous meeting, £50 oa. 6d.; subscrip tions received, £15 lls. 6d; accounts passed for payment, £29 15s. 4d.; leaving on hand £3516?. Sd. Mr. W. B. Rounsevell, JM.P., and Mr. D. Mocdy, M.P., on Tuesday presented to the Minister of Education a memorial from the residents in the hundred of Schomburgk. asking for the establishment of a mail service between that hundred and Morgan. It was suggested that the schoolhouse could be used for the post-office, and the mails carried by pony service twice a week. The Minister said he would obtain a report on the matter. For a conf iderahle time past some dissatis faction has existed among the masters of small a aft trading to Port Adelaide at their vessels not being reported from the ?jgnJiing stations along the coast. The senior member for the Port (Mr. D. Bower) has lately interested him- Eelf in the matter, and represented the wishes of his constituents to the Government: and he has obtained a promise that the coasting craft shall be reported from every signalling station where their numbers are hoisted. Messrs. Burpoyne and Coglin, members for Newcastle, waited on the Commissioner of Public Works on Wednesday morning and pretested a memorial from 32 farmers in the hundreds of Pinda, Willowie, Coonatto, and Eurelia, asking to have work commenced on several of the roads in the neighborhood, in order to provide labor for the relief of the settlers, who were in great straits through the failure of the crops. The Commissioner said he would consider the matter and send a reply. A meeting of shoeing smitos was held in the Sturt Arcade Hotel on Wednesday evening. About €0 persons were present, and Mr. C. Disney was voted to the chair. After Mr. Taylor bad addressed the meeting, pointing out the advantages of unions generally, it was agreed that the circumstances of the trade necessitated the formation of a shoeingsmiths' union, to consist of both masters and men, the primary objects of the union being the regula tion of the price of shoeing ana the estab lishment of a sick and accident fund on behalf of the men. Some discussion ensued as to the advisability or otherwise of fixing the standard price of shoeing. Several suggestions were made, the proposition to charge ss. for cab horses, and 6s. for others being favored by a srr.all majority. It waa understood, however, that this should only be a suggestion to the committee, and that before anything was done finally the whole of the trade should be consulted. The secretary of the Trades and Labor Council, who was present on the invitation of the chairman, addressed the meeting, congratulating those present on meeting together so amicably with their em ployers, and urging them to unite as all other hades were at present doing. He assured them of the moral anpport of the united trades eo long as their objects were legitimate and just. A committee of eleven ni then ap pointed with instructions to nettle the pre liminary details, and Mr. Hillier was chosen secretary and treasurer. Nearly all of those pre sent, employers and employe1! alike, enrolled themselves as members of the onion. Mr. T. Burgoyne, M.P.,*and Mr. P. B. Coglin, M.P., on Wednesday presented to the Minister of Education a letter from the resi dents of Stephenaton. in the hundred of Politer, asking for the immediate erection cf a school in that township. They pointed out that there was not a school within six: ?miles, and that an inexpensive building of two rooms would meet the requirements of the neighborhood. The Minister promised to ob tain a report on the matter. The same mem bers also presented to the Minister a petition from the residents of Hookina on the subject of school accommodation in that township. It was pointed ont that the present school premises would be required for other pur poses after the 12th inst., and that as there were over 30 children in average attendance it was desirable that the matter should be attended to at once, and a sum placed on tha Estimates for a new building. The Minister promised to enquire into the case. The memo rialists also asked for a copy of the district in spector's report in connection with this natter, a request which the Minister said he could not comply with. The members for the district of Light, Messrs. Coles and Moody, waited on the Com missioner of Ciown Lands (Hon. J. H. Howe) on Wednesday morning, and presented two memorials to him from a number of the residents in the district. They urged the Government to proceed with the ?Sring of the reservoirs and wells without delay, >nd asked that the work might be given to tha people of the district, as owing to the bad sear on and the low price of firewood tiiey ware in great distress. It was also asked that the Government grant free permits to selectors who had no wood on their own land to cat growing timber on Crown lands or reserve* adjacent to the railway lute, bo that they would not have to leave their homes. The memorialists desired the Government to Bink a well as near the siding as possible, and the most suitable site for a reservoir was pointed ont as being between sections 107 and 10S, in the hundred of Krichauff, alongside the three chain road from Schomburgk to Mount Mary siding, as there had been a trial shaft pot down at this place, and it was good holding; ground. The first memorial was signed by the chairman of the meeting recently held to con* eider the questions at Mount Mary, and the second, which dealt with the reservoir solely, bore _26 signatures. The Commissioner promised to look, into the questions. A meeting of the Port Adelaide Fire Brigade Boaid was held at tie local town hall on Wed nesday afternoon. Mr. 8. Malin (mayor) pre sided, and there were also present Means. H. Weman, T. Parker, P. H. Burden, T. Saundera (superintendent), and B. EL Laker (secretary). A letter was received from the secretary of the Adelaide Fire Brigadel Bjard, stating thatthey had control of the expenditure of the local board, and giving the amounts to be paid Cor attendance at fires. They were as fellows ;— . Superintendent, IC& 6d. per hoar for the fiat two hours, and ss. for each subsequent hour; foremen and firemen, ss. each for the first hoar, 3e. for the second hour, and 2s. for each subse quent honr; providing shed for reel, £2 10s. per annum; taking reel to and from station, 10s.; cleaning and drying hose, 10a.; notice of fire, Ss. The Adelaide board also wrote; approving of the appointment of the superin tendent at the Port. The superintendent wrote, stating that at the fiie on Messrs. R. Cleland & Co.'a premises the hoses burst in several places. About 600 feet of new canvas . hose with couplings was required, and aome oi the men were in want of new boots and uniforms. He refened in terms of praise to the valuable services ren dered by the reel from Messrs. Harrold Bros, at the late fire. It was decided to apply to the Adelaide Board for the required amount of hose, which would cost about £50. The question of providing new uniforms for the firemen was left over, pending the issue of the amended Fire Brigade Act. Anvnrntn in con nection with the extinguishing of the recent fire were passed to the amount of £29 12a. A vote of flunks was passed to the superintendent for the ability he showed and the good service he rendered at the fire. The ketch Lotos, which on Wednesday mom ing arrived at Port Adelaide in tow of tits steuntog Adelaide, wnommtered sous very rough weather when near the Pages on tha previous Monday wwwniig. Captain E. W. Kussell, who has been in ??m???^ of the craft for a considerable time, reports leaving King ston on Saturday night with a cargo of potatoes for Adelaide. On Sunday night the vessel was dose to Kangaroo Island, and shortly after midnight the wind commenced to blow hard from M.N.W., and the glass wasfalling&at.; At 3 a.m. be bad managed to boat np as far as the Pages, while the wind was blowing a gate from the north-west with rain. The vessel was under close-reefed canvas, with storm-jib. An boor later he attempted to stay the craft, but she missed stays and gathered stemway. At the same time a sea strode the rudder Imvfly, thereby fhaaHmg it and rendering it utterly useless. but eventually the wind shifted. At 4 o'clock in the afternoon Gape WOloughby was passed, and the signal indicating "rodder damaged, cannot steer the vessel" was hoisted and answered promptly from the lighthouse. The Lotus stood on, aud an hoar afterwards anchored jn Antechamber Bay, Throughout the night tike craft rolled heavily. On the following morning the sea was much smoother, and the captain with one of tiie crew pot off in tile boat for the shore. All went well with them until they were dose to the land, and then the boat got capsized in the surf on the beach. After finding their feet the men walked to the lighthouse, when they forwarded a telegram to the agents of the veesel asking for assistance. The steamtog Adelaide was at once dispatched, and took tha Lotos in tow at 10 o'clock on Tuesday night, reaching Port Adelaide at 8 o'clock on Wed nesday morning. Toe craft is insured. Cap tain Russell has been in the **?"rtir^g trade for many years, but he has never previously had to make a claim on an insurance company. The monthly meeting of the Land Nationali sation Society was held at the Exchange room, Town Hall, on Wednesday evening. There was a small attendance, and Mr. J. H. Wright (vice president) occupied the chair. Mr, G. Thompson read" a paper on "Oar Municipal ABBeS?ment?,"intheoourse of which he said he hoped that at no distant date the corporations' revenue would be derived from rates levied on the value of the land only. If they could bring this about it would be a step in the direction of land nationalisation, ana the system was certainly a very much more equitable one than the present. A rate should piess equally on all for equal advantage, aad should foster public spirit and enoourage im provement. A citizsn ehould be encouraged by the corporation to improve his premises, but the present system of mitrmning city property had the contrary effect TJnder the ATntiiripa.l Corporations Act the as sessment was made on the baas of the yearly rental the property would bring in if let for a term of 30 years. This was more than could be equitably done by the officers. The exemption of unoccupied '?-ni under certain conditions, too, was a most unjust rule, as the more land a man had and the less use be made of it the lees he was rated. The right of appealing agMJirf. assessment should also be abolished, as it dependedgreatly on a man's personal popularity whether the appeal was upheld or not. The rating of property was a direct inducement to owners to refrain from improving it, As an m?*MMB of this he referred to the assessment of the cor responding corners of a side street. On the one an old building was mmmhiiuml at £300 par annum, and on the other a new building was assessed at £2,100, although the new one occupied only twice as much hind as the other. He instanced several other cases is which people occupying land were <v?mr????i* to pay more rates because they had erected fine buildings and received more rent than pre viously. The only fair way of levying rates was on the land values, and he hoped to see this system in force in the city before many months had pMrned by* According to the assessment of the city valuator the land within the city bounds was worth over £7,000,(100, and a rate of Id. in the pound on this would yield as much as the pramiil rate of Is. 6d. in the pound on the ?Tirfjnp rental assessment. He moved—" That it i? A?n?l^ that a ehort Bill be prepared to be laid before Parlian-ent to amend tile Municipal Corpora lions Act, No. 190 of 1880, to the extent re quired, bo as to provide that the assessment tor all or any purpose of the corporation be made on the value of the hud alone, which thall be classified for that purpose.'1 Mr. J. H. Mallabone seconded the motion, and expressed the opinion that the present system of assess ment wasmost unjust. Councillor Robertsonsup ported the motion, and pointed out that the City Council had endorsed the system pro posed by Mr. Thompson, and that a Bill would shoitly be introduced into the House empower ing the counciltolevy rates on the assessed value of the land alone. Hetboughtthiswastbemost just means of raising the civic revenue. The motion was supported by several speakers, and carried unanimously. Mr. H. L. Berena proposed—"That it is desirable that a public meeting be held in the Town Hall to press upon the Government the necessity of immediately proceeding with {he Ttfmii?n?l Assessment Bill, and that a requisition ~ba prepared and presented to the mayor asking him to convene a meeting at a date to be fixed for the purpose of supporting the measure." The motion was seconded and carried unanimously. The Postmaster-General (Mr. C. Todd, G.M.G.), has forwarded as the foHowincvn ceivedfroiaMr. J. Beatton,postm?jtac,ForA Augusta:—Yardaa ?w?ilm?, reports nun at Yardea. 0-2GO: Conlbiffnie, 0-200; Oaroona, o*l4o. North-West-road mailman reports only very light showers. In another column Dr. W. It. Cleland asks for information respecting the number and varieties of mulberry trees in the colony. As his purpose is to ascertain to what extent silk culture can be carried out here no doubt all who can supply him with the particulars he requires will gladly do bo. The following telegram was sent to the Wanderer's late owner on Tuesday night :— "Wanderer arrived WHliamstown from Queensctiffe after extraordinary passage of 2 hours and 63 minutes—-distance 32 knots." Whilst this grand performance will be a source of pride to South Australian yachtsmen, it will intensify their regret that such a fine vessel has left our waters. The appreciation with which the opera "lolanthe*is being received was again demon strated on Wednesday evening, when tin Theatre Royal was well filled in every part The proceedings passed off most pleasantly a usual, encores being frequent throughout "lolinthe" will only be performed for threa more nights, so that those who have not seen the opera should take an early opportunity o eeennng spats. On Monday the celebrated comic opera " The Mikado'* will be produced. On Wednesday evening the service of song. "Frozen to Death," was given in the Congre gational Church, Hindmarsn, by the church choir in aid of the Sunday- school, before a good audience. The various numbers were well given, reflecting credit on the energetic con ductor, Mr. C. E. Morris. The soloists were Hisses Adcock, Jones, and N. Feel, who severally eang their contributions with taste and skilL Messrs. J. Pickering, jnn.. Walsh, and Harknes?, with Miss N. Feel, rendered the quartette ?? Underneath the Snow" with pre cision. Mr. Joseph Vardon gave the connective leadings, Mr. E. C Vardon was the pianist, and Mr. J. Bastard was leader of the band. A musical and literary entertainment to celebrate the anniversary of the New Jerusalem Church, Hanson-street, was given in the church on Wednesday evening before a large audience. Mr. J. J. Darwin occupied the chair, and after a few remarks by that gentle man the choir rendered the imftiam, "o Lord, my God." A series of questions relating to the scriptural teaching of Swedenborg were then answered by the Bev. E. 6. Day. Dr. Bollen gave a short address, which was followed by a song by Mr. Marshall. Later in the evening Mies B. Haatwell and Mr. Darwin recited and read respectively, and Mr. Holden favored the with a reading on "Jerusalem to Jericho;" Mrs. Stenhenson also Bang, "He was despised," very nicely. The entertainment .concluded with the anthem "My God, look upon me," by the choir. A plwuring entertainment consisting of +?M?miy and music was given in the Albert Hall on Wednesday evening in aid of St. Bartholomew's parsonage funds. The atten ?danoe was good, and included his Excellency the Governor and suite. The tableaux, which were arranged by Mrs. T. Horn and Mr. and Miss Andrews (the latter recent arrivals from England) were well staged and carried out. The opening scene was tram "William Tell," -the group, which was well arranged, repre senting Tell drawing his bow to shoot at the apple on the head of his son. Two scenes were given from "Macbeth," the first being that in which Macbeth starts up at the sight of fianquo's ghost at the feast, which cause* Ltdy Mwtt***l* to exclaim, " Sit worthy friends; my lord is often thus; feed and regard him not." The curtain next rose on Lady Macbeth as she ?nes," What, will these hands ne'er be clean ?" Following on this came two sketches repre senting the trial Bceae from the "Merchant of Venice." The grouping was excellent, and pictured Portia as she was uttering the lines— "Thisbond is forfeit, and lawfully by this the Jew may claim a pound of flesh, to be by him ?cut off nearest the merchant's heart." The ecene changed, and Portia was seen to have the "Jew on the hip," as she exclaimed to him—"Prepare theeto cut off the flesh; shed tfaou no blood, dot cut thou less nor joore ? than just a pound of flesh. If the scale do turn thou diest." The tableaux from the opera of " La Somnambulft" depicting Amina crossing the bridge, and after safely paling it, were realistically placed before the ?mctstois, who warmly apnuoded the ladies and gentlemen taking part in it Three skftches won presented from "Snow drop," and the little ladies who were cast spoke their parts and acted with skill and cracsfumess, evidenong that no little time had been expended outer tuition. Than came two is.rtlfly-srrswged groups from the "Tempest," in which Ariel's song "Where the bee sacks,'' was tastefully rendered by TMiu 'Rflitfc Pnflnpaon. The drama of " King John" was lain "under contribution for two sketches; but perhaps the gem of the .evening was a aoene from "Nicholas Nickleby." Dotheboy's Hall was vividly represented, and the audience could well imaginn Sjueers as he watched the ooses being administered exclaim ing, as he gave the desk a great rap with his -cane—"lt that physicking over?" Mrs. Squeers was seen with a large spoon operating on a lad, and it needed not the words that the great novdut has placed in the month of that lady to coutiiice the onlookers that it was " just over," as she choked the last boy in her lurry. The "Slave Market" was tastefully i rrla€fwl on the stage, and the entertain ment very properly condoled with a view of "Greater Britain," in which were grouped representatives of the various races who owe their allfeiancfi to that throne on which the sun never sets. South Australia Awing depicted by agin with a black pipe in her mouth. The musical portion of the pro mmtmt ?ac not the least entertaining of the large b3l provided. Miss £. PhiQipson, who is possessed of a good round soprano voice, sang .a French setting of Gounod's nerenade. The lady hardly did herself justice, as she suffered ff——?s g^ic? nervousness, but it must be stated that she was placed at ? disadvantage by the -gentleman who phtyed the iHMH""i.|"" t"M|<rt: l as Ee *?fl?l to do her justice. MusAndrews, whose voice gave evident signs of cultivation, sang with great success "Daddy." Later on this lady appeared again, and pleased her -lHtdicxs by r^^^ vottkl efforts* ! Wirttts circus perlorms to-night at Glenelg, on Friday ami fiatnrday at Port Adelaide, and on Monday at Gaider. Hie Artflaiiif and Hindtnanih Tramway Company ttotHjUmt on and after July 8 can will le&re; the Orange Poefr-Offioe to meet the toman running to .jmd from Henley Headland Aif? 1"^? 