MR CUMBERLAND'S IMPRESSIONS. juast nigiii'a " JiernM" s ivs:—A representative of the " litrald" called upon .Mr Stuart Cumber land .it the Grand Hotel this m-jriiini;, and found hitn, after his exe.tiotis over the White liilU jmystoiy yesterday, ruffering from a severe head ache " I couldn't ',-et those two Chinamen out of my jmir.d aH night," he said. "What! did 'hey make such an impression upon you I" our repre.entative ventured to »sk. " Yes; I was certainly impressed by them, especi itv from a psycho ogical point of view. They presented to me many p-cu iar features. I was:, oie.urse, told by Chief Commissioner Chom ley before i started for .Smdhurst ibat there was no S'Tl • f i'\ iJence .£ain.-t (he men of having .nurtl'.T d Constible Ky.-:i, and that theie was ,ic!u:'.!iy iMlhinj; ;o ^'o upon. 13ut I thought the inat',1 v w i'.i! invi>-!i„':i*iiiR, ,-n 1 aproed to go and stfcsv, h.t 1 :n kc out of the. prisoners. The Jotirnt y t S mui.u is somewhat tedious, espe cially <*:.o h.'.d ;o /t't :>p mi early in the morning in old- r to ei'ch the tiaiu, l-ut the ,-coneiy through which one goea i- ii: ma'.y p!aces quite charmine, tind tile white c'o'.ais which fr- ui time to timo hung over the tr? -e ad hills by the. y- uy had iu the r. ;.r!" mo::: :i ("icjli.ir weitii s.i:t. f w;-s Iiie*- hy • v./n' e n fivt'j; P.-.J Si; Ly.-.'f. the 'iittj.'.-.'r;*: ; !W- ' of the Sandhurst dfst» ict*, and was fit otico driven ta the prison. lin'^ woft Jcrfully well everything is IcopL f-ht'Vu, kirtw different from tho Hukmuii and for^o tu iho Indian prisons ! Tho governor of .ho \>rUon welcomed u* modt cordially, ami from him 1 recL-ived a shott .-.tatemru*. (f tho iUn« ni attest* ing tho disappuuraneu of Onatablo Ryan. 1 did not then o.)(»nii_'h»"c o^'eiation«, as L thought »t bc-t to h.Wu tho artielfla found in tho Chinamen^ tun In DVidi'iicu when 1 should make un experi ment. .So, ponding tho fu'ehing *if thoso articles, tho Miporuilumlmu very kindly drovo us round tho cimp, pointing out tho piano whcio Mio ir using constable was la*t bocN, a^d tUo tVvo waya ho could have !>iMo from vthut np;>;, One way wa* dowVi a good carriage road all the way — tho tmo ho invariably took at night; ho toat no matter what hi.s condition nt tho time may havo been, ho could not, hud ho tnk.n tint road, have fallen into any creek or guly. Tho other way was ncro«8 tho divings, and 1 should think it would bo highly dangerous for any man to attempt to make tho p issagi) acroea at night, there being, I believe, no end of pitfaiis into which iio could) and probably would wtumblo. Hut there is no ovidonco eithor that ho wont in that direction that night or that ho wan over known to take it after dark. Hia myfttoriuua and buJden dinapHar* unco, thurcforo lendo color to iho ido i thai ho nao beon done away with, Iminod *>tic> old hi*hman who ha* w littlo hut tin tho HI tin roal :l>wn wniun too missing cm^l bio umiI to wend bin wny^ Wns in hid own mind as tUro ats that hid o»nU boui would fin L\> hcavctt tliixt Kynn had been inuulorid by tho Chinook Jl<i did not; howover, ftivo a reason why ho would bo prepared I'd utakU what nhotild bo mi^tduar tv> him in ft fuLUrft i«t*» Upon this opinion. It appear* that Hot only wns Ky.tn ;n tho h bit of froiuft down thid u>ad at night, but that ho Invariably aalutcd bin old friend tlio Irish* man M for nil tho world loiko a ralo gintleniau," us ho went by ; but on tho night that Kyan did ft.ipoarod, tho Son of Kriu noither pot bin cus tom iry 1 jfot.d night' nor hoard him go by, bu t hat lither hoattomptud for probably a firac time to mako liia way ncma* tho di^iiitf*, and «o cauio to tfiiof, or ho was dona away with in tho Chine, o Uamp itaolf, or before ho could reach tho main roftd. At two o'clock wg returned to tho prison, after tf>>ing over tho prisoner*' o.d hut, which pjesonied no features oithur of interest or importance* By I his tinio tho piccoa of copper plate Htoleu ftoM u mine »t IllUitly, two hatcltuin And chisels, ivmci wore t'uuiul in All Wong's lint, wuiu i.n hand. Wo had thoin luld mil un tlio llmr allHost. at th-i fu.il of a llfoaizo portrait of tho mining Inan, etche<! by the Vai 1/ I'dcitijA artist, which w«a pii:nod against the W..11 opposite tho door through which tliu prisoners worn to come. This linnu, tho ' sus pects' wore callcd in. Tliuy exhibited 110 symp toms of surpiise, nnd, after the first look around, lapsoi iuto n Btato of callous indifference. ' l)o you know this axe ?' I said, picking up from tile tl lor a murderous looking weapon. All Young auid no did not recognise it. but All Wong unid Mutt it bolonged to him. 1 then took up a piece of tlio copper plato, mid nuked if thoy recognisod it. Tliey niado noma guttural observations) wliiuli interpreted ruitd, 'Coruinlyithatisit piece of tliu coppur we stole. Wu adunt nUiulii g tha ooppurt i.uttvo know nothing i)l kiililig—OliiiiainaiS no Uillee.' 1 Ifcliovo that mu.il tlio prisonbrn know I Was coming to try mid road their ihuiigliti. tliuy had mndu no direct confession of tluni- guilt as rob bare ; but now tlluy otvHuU up with a child like blanlncss whibln in I'.ieso days of hard bwoiu ing, was porfu'ctly refreshing. in order to bet'or impress thtin with tho realities ol my jcWors 1 performed, as you will already Imvc hoard, a preliminary experitnout willi the govoinor. It was quite successful, but I caimot H.iy ili.it tho prisoners wore much improsscd thoieby, aa, by this time, they lntd assumed nil attiiudo of dogged indilfetenco. They woke up a little, however, when I proposed to perforin au experiment \vi li thoiuso'ves as subjects. I asked Ah \V. iig 11 hide tho picco of coppor plato in any put of t'.ie chapel that ha thought lit dining my iib.uiico Ihciofrom. Me did so, but 1 could get 110 imp.es^ou i ut > f him beyond tho fact that ho was doing his utmost to thiuk of everything else in tho room iiii-tcad «f tho piece of copper pi >te. With Ah Young i had so lar i.a tho p.ate w.<8 concerned, a no bettor re sult, but whenever in my peregrination round tile i'ooiii I passed by tho portrait of Kyau hanfjijif! on the wall) I found that my inau excited both ntcii'iil and physical effort to take mo away fiom it. I, however, wi ll a sudden movement took him up to the picture, wheu ho exhibited a strong tendency to strike Hyatt tin the head. This some what impressed the, aud taking off my b iudfold 1 said to tfiij interpreter ' Ask him how grea- a blow tt would take with a tomahawk to kill a mau ?' Tho answer came with suiprisiug quickueos. ' OnkShabi' Bluw upon ths Tkmplu tVOULt) 1)0 IT AI UAVJK. " This coming upon the peculiar improstum ro ceived from All V oung wtiun he wu facing tho portrait of Ryan, struck mo aa being a curious co moidctjco. After this both of the men declined to xive any direct uuswera, contenting themselves with fencing wi.h every question that waa put to tlitm All that they would do was to candidly admit having s olen tho copper-plates, from which they ec aped tho gold and aold it in due course,' L Where aro the plaios T JL asked. ' Wo throw them in tho fcuih,' came tho reply. 'Why?' ' Chinaman no foolee. Chinaman stoat wpper p'atea for gold not for tho plates. Chinaman he selleegold and spender the money. If lie want i-elleo plates man ho say where Chinaman Rot these plates, and Chinaman got found out ai d t;ooo prison.' "Uf tho murder they wou d scarcely speak. Thoy had not mwdered Kyan; if lie had been murdered it waa I and my friends who had dune the deed, llyan, it waa true, had known of their alealing the plates, but this was weeks before he had diatppeared; if thoy had wished to murder him lliey could have done so bcfor) ho found tlioru out and not afterwards. They certainly woro not wanting in stiLitlety of Argument. Ono thing struck ino as somewhat peculiar; it was whenever 1 looked up suddenly from a conversation with any one in tho chapel I invariably found t!io eyes of Ah Vouhr riveted with an extraordinary intensity upon Kyan's portrait. Upon being questioned as tu this, ho exp'.ain. d himself as btmg much tikon with tho oxuti.lonce > f tiio likeness of tho man whom 'me likeo niuchoj." In appearance the two men are quito dis-similar. aii Young is a ferrety-oyed, hangdog lookiog sou of Mongolia, who can neither look you in tho faco ti>>r give you a straightforward answer. It is the first time, 1 boiiove, ho ha* be n iu prison, bu. unless his ap pearance buliai him ti>o polico must have very much overlooked him in tho past. Ah Young is a tiller in <ii, and burlier in build. Ho has been ' untorlunate' on more than one occasion, and looks a prison bird to tho very lifo. lio is luoro emo tional i hun his companion, and a much better subject f >r experimenting upon, and if 1 had anything tan gible to go upon i think 1 should have beeu able to have arrived at a conclusion oil way or tho other. Everything, however, was in a regular neg.tive c ndiiion. There Was neither direct nor indirect evidence ill the possesion of the police tliat liyau had boen murdered, or that the hinamen uuder arre-t (or another offence had had any hand ill his disappearance. It iv-is all *uruii<e, and having nothing to go on, I could, unless a miracle had happenod, achieve nothing. i-"t I mil not n'i sorry to have made the attempt, for sveiy experi ence in such a direction naturally has interest to 1110\. I h ive nover, however, had toucher subjects t > doal with. Certainly for Wa.vs that are -l.trk. Ami for tricks tliut> are vain, commend mo to the Heatheu Chinee. It would h ive boen very diflo ent if I could have made thoin Und rutand me at 11 *t hand. But my rj marks, teiiou-ly <>xpioa-u-d. los>t a'l their force when they were ihtei pieted by a man who seemed to treat tho whole m>ttnr as a j ike, and whoio rUible tendo.cies duly affo-jted the p.isoners them selves. "Do you really think that you could, under more favorable circumstancos, trace out by your ptnee-s of thought reading such a crinio as tnurdei "Oh yes,'1 was the unhesitating reply; 14 but tho circumstance* would have to bo very ditl jrcnt. I should have to Juvo dir-ct evidence that a murder had been committed, and something in the shape oi cither the body of tho murdered per son or tho weapon with which the murder has been perpetrated t> work upon. Of c .urso with a hardened criminal a successful icsult would he very dubious, but then, a" I have befo'o pointed out, tho in j irity of murders are committed by emutiona' persons under tl\ - sudden influence of jealous}-, liato or bouio kindred emotion. Such a person would bo vpry likely to betray himse f to U<« th lURht- readc, a skilful observer of subtle physical indiciti m», when confronted with such diroctevidenco of hisprooumrd guilt Such a person would, iu the tirst place, havo to under stand me at lirst lmud, and in tho second to lwvs a sort of belief in my powers, which wou'd bo brought about by pre liminary experiments in his presence. Now, yfim Chinaman is not an emotional personato. lje haa 110 supentitions liko other more civilized person ages; and, so far as I can inako out, is not troubled with a coua ience Ho has a dim boluf in tho ghost of a murdered pors >n being ab'o to draghiin down into a common grave, but this is, I belLve, only when the man has been murdered without justification; and it does not take much to satisfy a heathen that ho has in such a inattor been j stified. I suppose tho time will como when I shall again try my hand at murder unravel ing; but unless I either learn Chinese, or the Chinaman speaks Engli.-h, I don't expect to ever havo any pood results with any son of tho Flowery Land, unless, of course, there is direct evidence to lend ittelf unhesitatingly to my task." 