ECHOES OF ME4BOU1UfR (Bf Tien GyosT.) "The Coalition is dead, long live the Coalition I" is at present the cry of the fag end of the Ministry to which Messrs. Service, Berry, and lerferd, by their de fection from its ranks, have administered the coup dc grace. Whether the present holders of portfolios, with Mr. Gillies at their head, will, however, prove successful in taking in fresh partners is as yet a very doubtful contingency. There is such a large number of eligible men-or at all events so many members of the Assembly who imagine they have claims-that the announcement of the names of the gentle men selected for office is certain to be the signal for the secession of a number of malcontents from the ranks of the Govern ment supporters. There are at least a dozen members who have been staunch Govern meot supporters during the past three 3 sessions, who of course are of opinion that their services deserve recognition, ilesides some six or seven oppositionists, who have opposed and obstructed the course of busi ness, and who think that a coalition team without their inclusion in its ranks would be no coalition at all. As it is of course impossible that "the coming man"-Mr. Murray Smith-can " come" before the re constructed Government is compelled to face Parliament, and the leadership of Mr. Gillies can at best be only a temporary ar rangement, there is every chance of a fresh shuffle of the cards taking place, with the result of a return to the old constitutional systeum of government by party which during the Service-Berry era has been sus pended. Coming events are said to cast their shadows before them, and perhaps the caucus of Liberal members of the Assembly shortly to meet in the Chief Secretary's office may afford an inkling of the direction in which the political cat is likely to jump. Until after the general elections, however, it is a moat point whether there will be a re construction of the Ministry or an entire change of team. The places of many old members will, doubtless, know them no morem; and who shall say that no ngw prophet shall arise among the new men, or no other Daniel come to judgment m hen the numbers are hoisted on the fast pproaching polling day? According to the showing of its own organs, Victorian Liberalism lis been growing blue- mouldy during the last three years of political quietude, and like the story- famed Irish man is " dying for a fight." It is some what unfortunate that just at the present time there should really be nothing to fight about, for candidates , for parlia mentary honours will find it a diflicult matter to find subjects on which to become declamatorily eloquent. There is absolutely no question on which a speaker can tear a passion to tatters; and the attempt made in some quarters to raise the old cry of " the Education Act in danger" has proved a signal failure. The near approach of .tlie general election, which it is now understood will take place during the last week in February, has caused a number of would-be legis lators to offer themselves. "Preliminary" addresses, many of which are destined ere long to figure on the list of"rejected" ones, are "thick as leaves in Vallambrosa's vale," and promises of' all kinds are being sown broadcast amongst "the free and independent." Since the date of the last appeal to the constitu encies a new power in the land will have to be reckoned with. The rolls have been largely swelled by native-born voters, who, though somewhat impulsive, are, as a rule, sensible, and whose influence on the result of the elections will assuredly cause itself to be felt. Already two or three Victorians have issued addresses,and before another decade is added to the years of the colony it may be expected that every iiember of Parliament will be a " native," and an English, Scotch,or Irish M.P. be as rare in our midst as a live moo. It would almost appear as if strikeslike cholera, small-pox, typhus, and other plagues which affect humanity, were epidemic. Just now the malady is showing itself in a virulentform, and heroic reme dies will have to he resorted to in order to check an evil that threatens to become chronic in our midst. The coalheavers and wharf labourers have resolved to rc. main idle, rather than wurk the orthodox eight hours a day for the paltry sum of nine shillings. The sbipowners, despite the fact that the uisessers of the Seamen's Union, to which association the majority of the crews of their vessels belong, also threaten to join the malcontents, are pre serving a firm attitude and at all their re cent meetings have resolved on not making any concessions to the men. If these latter are wiso they will at once return to their work before their places are filled by others. Every intercolonial steamer that arrives in Port Phillip brings a strong. contingent of unemployed from the neighbouring colo nies, allured by the prospect of permanent work at weekly wages of £2 Is, the .amdunt offered by employers. Doubtless the lumper's and wharf labourer's work is of a laborious kind, but it is of a cdaus which every nman with a willing hseart and a pair of strong arms can perform, requiring neither skill nor lengthened experience. The time selected for compelling capital to succumb to the demands of labour is also singularly inopportune. So small are the profits of steam colliers at the present time that some owners find it more profitable to lay them up than keep them running, and in Ade laide, Sydney, Newcastle, and the chief New Zealand ports, there are large numbers of willing hands without work to do, who will gladly jump at the chance offered them to obtain good wages for a continuous term. Once in Victoria, theose new arrivals will become competitors in the labour market with the men already here, with lthe result that the market for unskilled labour will become glutted and employers thon have it all their own way. The sympathies of the public are in this instance entirely with the shipowners. When the seamstresses of Melbourne "struck," every one who was not a tailor or a mil liner wished them success in their en deavour to obtain shorter hours and a fair day's wages for a fair day's work, and as a consequence the employes gained the vic tory. Every one now thinks the action of th" coal Iumpers and wharf men ill-timed and grasping, and their ultimate failure is certain. They have really no grievance, and therefore no sympathisers, and public feeling in their regard has certainly not been improved by the fact that the plas tsrers' labourers have also threatened to cease work unless they obtain a reduction of four hours a week in their period of toil. They desire to give their services during forty-four hours only each week, instead of forty-eight as at present. Thus does the appetite grow with what it feeds on. "Eight hours' labour" was once the cry, now it is "seven and a half I" Who knows but if the demands of the horny handed is now acceded to the day will soon come when pay will be required for no work at all, and Victoria be in very sooth that "paradise for the working man" which Mr. Berry, before he quitted the political arena for a snug well paid billet, "with perquisites," so often promised to make it ? Federotion appears to have gone out of men's minds here. There can be little doubt that any feeling raised in Victoria in connection with the question owed its birth to Mr. Service, and with the political demise of the parent comes the neglect of the infant. So far as the meeting to be held in Hobart is concerned, it might just as well-as regards Victoria at all events -never be held, for it is felt that our representatives at the first gathering of federal' representatives will be two dead-beads. This is much to be regretted, not only on account of the failure of a movement which promised at one time to inaugurate the laying of the foundation stone of a great southern dominion, but because the sight of Mr. Berry advocating free trade views and a reciprocity treaty would have been uon of the revenges the whirligig of time oft brings round, and one at which both gods and men could have enjoyed a hearty laugh. If Mr. Service really had the cause of federation at heart, he would at once cede his place in the Council to some one swho would act under a due souse of fufure responsibility, and be able to render to Parliament an account of Isis stewardship. The present Premier can do neither of these two most requisite things, or at least he does not intend to do so. Despite the dictum of Rogers, the post banker, who was wont to say that it re quired no particular osaiyand only a more than common fun ofill-nature to be a critic, the doings at lbs Molbosusn theatres during this holiday season can hardly ho passed over by the chronicler of current events svithiout notice of some kind. Evidently this intelligence and taste of Antipodeano audiences are far ahead of thosse of thoatre-goers in this old country, for it is nose evident that pantomime is doomed, and that Harlequin, Colymbine, and Pantahoon must relinquish the staige or start in a now lins of business to avosd starration. While "genteel comedy " and even the "esnuatsonal drama" havo filled this other hsousos, this "Itoyal " pantomime, wviths ito gorgeous drasses and mountings, has been played to a beggarly array of empty boxs January 11. 