THE MELBOURNE CUP, file racing onV Saturday commenced with the Melbourne Stakes, in a popular, estimation one of the most interesting events of tins meeting. In a tielil of ten horses, Isonomy was favourite, hut Lioolka ran in something like his best form, ami tliu judges was unable to separate tiie two, Itruvo tiuishiug next to them. In the ruuctf isonomy won. Hexham was favourite in a field of 12 fertile liotham Handicap, Imtllm race was won with almost ridiculutts ease by Claptrap, the favourite being second, and Lancer third, first 1’rince, who was prettey freely backed, fell early in the race. All tlm probable starters, 18 in number, saddled for llm Mari byrmmg Pluto. Mr While’s lilly Lava being a strong favourite. Ilorleuse, winner of thu Great foal Stakes at Gaultiehl, found her penalty no great inconvenience, ami she won in lino style, Ifuutinglower being second, and bedouin third. There were seven starters tor the Derby, 'Trident continu ing a linn favourite. Volcano made a pace for him, but Clicslnim was going so well as thu horses entered on thu last half-mile that it seemed that the favourite would suffer defeat. Trident, although galloping sluggishly at lirsl, responded gamely to his rider’s final calls and wearing down Cliusham, who tired at dm finish, won by a couple of lengths, with Aghios a bad third. For the first time the winner was decorated with tlm blue ribbon after tli* race and led along tlm lawn. .For tlm {Selling llueo Tlm Ghost was favourite, but Huron boat him easily, and tlm owner of the horse had to pay £2110 to gut him back, the whole amount'going (o tlm club, for tlm Coburg Stakes Tlm Him was freely backed, but a light weighted out-sidor in Dnystar won,' tlm other places being filled by St. John and Hogmanay, The racing of tlm second and most important day of tlm spring mooting of tlm Victoria Racing Club opened with tlm Hurdle llacc, of throe miles, for "which ' lllim-Mouiitnin.' from tlm Dowling forest stable, was made a strongfnvouritc. SirLauncelot,another Uallarat horse made the running for tlm greater portion of the journey when tim favourite joined issue, and won with case. Ocean wiis secojid’and, heat Encoro by a neck, ,'for tlm Melbourne Cup there was 28 starters, Tridout continuing a firm favourite up to tlio hour of starting. At the lirst at tempt tlm horses wero scut: away to a splendid start, foriiearly a mile Silvcriiiine led tlm field, ami 'their gave way to Hexham, who took them; down to tlm turn. Hero Arsenal woiit to the front, and surviving tlm cilorts to reach him made by Loth Trident end Silvermiue finished tlm win ier by a long neck .from ■Trenton, who cuum well at the finish of. tlm race, Silvcrmino being third a length furtherback. T.m Derby winner Trident ,was f >Vrtli, tlm same plaeo filled by,liest year’s' Derby winner—-Nordcufelt—in tlm,Clip race. Arseuul was not a good bor.-io for- tlm ring, as lie was taken in doubles witli lien llolt mid Trident-both in Sydney and Melbourne. Tlm double, lien Holt mid Arscnel — £.1,001) to n—goes to Sydney, mid tlm stable'-•iiiiis about £15.000. ' 