SPORTING INTELLIGENCE. SPORTING NOTES. The officials at the V.R.C. office will be kept busy to-day receiving entries for a num- ber of important events. First are the New- market Handicap and Australian Cup, to be run at the autumn meeting, which takes place on February 27, March 4, and March 6. That the entry for both handicaps will be heavy goes without saying, and it is only necessary to add that the preliminary ex- pense is 3 sovs. and 5 sovs. respectively, and that the weights will be issued this day three weeks. Hie Oaklciji and Hawksburn Handicaps to 1 e run at the VAIL Meeting on 1 eb mar) 1J close to da) Hie nomination fur each is 2 buys , unit the weights will hi iniiuiiueed on the s une til) as those tit the Neyyiniirl ct Handicap und Australian Cup lhe general entries tor the mictinD close on Monday 1 ebiuiir) 1 1 innes v ill lisa be receivel at the \ lî C olhec to da), up to 4 p ni , for the umlernten tioiiei events to be run tor al tho nuiuinn meitmg ol tho llavikesbui) Hace Club on April V> nul 17 - Havvkesbur) ¡stakes, ot 7r0 sovs ut winch 100 sovs., 150 sovs , und 1UÜ SIIVH re peetively "o to the placed burses, distance six turlon"s, and nomination 0 sovs 1 law 11 sbnrj Autumn Handicap, which ex tept that the distance is a mile mid li hall, li is the «ailie conditions attached to it P) tclei,r nu vve arc informed hi Mr C S tonest the secretar), that, in delcicncc to the wishes ot the hiiiulieupper, the committee have de- cided to postpone the declaration of the wcijits till the loth ot March 1 lie attention ot rucing men is directed to Messrs M. L \ udle s stile to du) ot blood stool , at then jurds, the Pustiral Hotel, New market, commencing at 2 o clock Hie sale programme is a long one commencing with ii quartette of broud mures all served by Lot hull-, the full brother to Le brand Neil on tho list uro two recent!) imported matrons Miss Macaroni and 1 asta, both by the telebi ited Macaroni, anti in tout to btruun a sun of Blair Athol lolloivuig the foregoing arc 22 lnglil) bred mures and i,eld nigs tour and live }cnr olds aid untried, fioni the tamous bieedmg farm ol Mr Henry l'lnlli] s ut Lijan 01 j nu and a lew imscel luneuub lots, liicluthne, Umberto, Muscat, and dthers Messrs \utile and Lo will also take entn tins morning Hie weights for the principal Launceston cvent3 ure announced to bel sued to day lo morrow Mcssis Campbell, Pratt, and Co will sell at kirks Hu/aur, the gates, booths, &.C , to be used on the I lemington course at ncit baturdii) s v. ictorian Club meeting Intending v ¡sitora lo the forthcoming Ararat lurt Club meeting will bear in mind that entries close to Mt J M Gibbon), tile lion seetelai) on Mcdncsdi), lor the lollowmg events -Lidies biaeelet, Armut Cup and Grand stand Stakes (lirst daj ), J I) ing H indi cup Hurdle 1 ace, S ttlets 1 urse md Welter ii indieip (second elm ) Hie v/eijits »ill be ptihlisned on the 1 )th mst, and the accept anees are due on the Lilli 1 lie meeline, Uikea place on Wednesdii) and lhursd i) I ebruaij i and 1 Hie declaration for next Sntuidij s \,ic torian Club Lup, Hurdle Knee Stetpleehns and January ilanilicip are duo at 1 p m on Huírsela) otherwise nominators oi horses will be considered acceptors, and be held liable lor the s vtepstil cs Hie entries tor the Murtoa Pacing Club meeting on the 11th and 12th lebruai), ure due on J hursdjj 'S lete nan baeden who mai caro to enter colts and allies to run in Ivcw /inland have m oppotttmit) of doin0 so on Indi), when the clinics close foi the brent Noilhern Derbj and Great Notthein 1 oui Stakes, to be run under the auspices ot the \ucklind 1 icin0 Club, m the season 18S7 S Hie Derb) is ot 7 JO sov a , added to a sw cepbtukes of2osovaciah whilst the 1 oui Still es bus 100 sov s. added toa uweepstal.es oflöuova each J he enti) is only a soveiei"n, the amount of first totfeit, anel will be leeeive 1 m Melbourne on 1 rielnj afternoon, at the V 1LC olliee Hie two stakes are toi their tlnee and two )c ir olds lespeetivel) Another pro"rimmi is advertised bj the Vietoiian Hotting Club foi Saturdaj, the 2Jid mat 1 bel e ure Btv m éventa, opennie, with the Minden 'Hot ol 40 sois, one beut, two miles, Hurdle li ice, ot 50 sols, one mile and a half, Hull mile Handicap of A) aova , Iwo jeur old Selling Lace of DO sovs , half a mile, Steeplechase, ot 100 aova , ub mt two miles Selling lince, of ri0 sovs, five furlongs , 1 laiernwick park Hiutdicip of 7o aova , one mile and a lurlonc, and a half Hie nomination for the Steeplechase is 2 sovs, lind for each of the ether events 1 sov Lntnea have to bo made tina da) week Messrs W G \uillc and Co will hold autumn sales of bloolbtocl on the folio« ing dates -I ndav, I ebruar) ¿G, the elay hefoie the Ncv market llindieap Wednesda), March J the du) before the Atistrah in Cup, 1 ndaj and Mondiiv, March J and 8 lliey »ill also sell at St Albans on the luesehij in the Austiuhan Cup week, Mr James W ilaon a j earlings Hen Holt, who won the Carrington Stnl es atSjehipj on S iturdii) is a Queensland bied colt, and puor to making Ins appearance in New South M ales lind won 10 races n Jit off the reel in the northern colony His first essuj ut Randwick waa in the A T C Squat, tera' Handicap, in »Inch he ran third to Oat cal e. On Boxing Da) the colt «as third to lempe, for the A TC bummer Cup, and in 'lattersal!" Cup ran second to Mr Whites filly, ut u diihrenie ot half a stone lu his favour, whilst he had a pull of lllb over the daughter of Soninus in the Carrinjon Stakes, winch eiubled linn to turn his previous third and seeoi d honours mt >n »in Ben Bolt ia bj Newbold-Lueh Baldwin, bj 'Hie Di um mer-Britannia (uupoitcd) by Cathedral, iXewbc'd being a son o' kelpie Len Bolt v.ujbicd by Mi J Inline, m Queensland, na btuted 'I lio New South Wales Coursing Club have taken time bj tho forelock bj ulread) tidvet tismg their hxturcs toi next season, winch ure as follow -Muy 11 and 1"), ut \\\ ooilstuek, Deibj and Oakt, ic , June IS mid 10, at Woodstock, the St Leger. N.itetloo Cup, and Waterloo l'uiae , August 0 mid 7, at Wood stock, S)dne') Cup, Purse, mid Plate 'Hie Derby mid Oaks pro^iuiiime will alRO iiiclutle the Carrington Cup, tow Inch Mi. IL L Lonl adds a i'-"0 troplo, und the Phunptun Stakes, the hitit r open to menibeis ol in) elitb et ii euch. Tue \\\ uteiloo Cup has tim jcurbecn reduced to iicnti), and the bjtliiei Cup i» an o( cn stake at 12 oacli 1 Ins dep irttitc iioiii the old fash.uikd prohibitive cuti) mune) isustep ni the njitdiiectiuu 'lheic will be no iliiiie.nlt> in Idiing stakes, thecluss of gie)hounds entered will be of ns geotl quiilit) tu horetoloie, und the coursing equally inteicBltng So many eouiiir) clubs hilve, fur- thermore, spi ung into existence latterly that there is no.i ever) incentive to patronise the lending club of the colon). 'Hie Hurhtighiini Purst- will be shot for nt i Not th Di gillon on '1 liursdu) next The jirues are 150 BO vs., 15 sovs., and G so vs., for an entry lee of a sovereign, to close to morrovv, at the Club Hotel, lingnton The handicaps will be announced on Wednesda) 'Hie number of birds m 11. and tho handicap ranges from l8 to 30 yards. Lntnes close for the Open New Year's Handicap of the Melbourne Gun Club at 8 ?m on Wednesda), to Mr P Levy, nt the rince of W iles Hotel, bourke street. 'J he tirst prize is 10sovs., and there aie two other pn/cs 'Hietntr) is 1 sov und the accept- ance 2 sovs , to be paid on the ground '1 he handicap will iippenrin lim A i ¡ina on Trida), the day of shooting The next quarter's Melbourne Gun Club rogrumme is announced, commencing on rula) no t, as just mentioned, with the Open New Neil's Handicap and eluding on Inda), March 2l> i he annual Australian Cup Handicap, open to all comers, will tike plnco on \\\ edncsdu), Mnrch .1 '1 here is also an intercolonial side match, between the Melbourne anti New bomb \\\ ales Gun Clubs, for a central fire gun in case, presented by Messrs. \\\ Powell and Sons (through their Australian laent, Mi \\\ S Der) llieprirc is to be shot tor ni throe competitions, the first on ] ruin) March ii, at the Melbourne tiun Club ground , the second and third on the New Suiith Wales Gun Club ground, at liottui), in April In the two lirst competi- tions each member will shoot at Iii3 usual handicap, number ot buds, 0 with a £2 optiunul sweep, two thirds ot winch go to tlie first and one third to the second , the tirst time to be eligible for the linal competition lhere will thus be six men lor the linal competition, the number ot birds on this occuHitm being 11 the winner taking tho gun, and the second the sweep Any meinbei ivho is hrst, second, or third in tiie two hrst competitions vail lie eu titled to two chances lol the Ima! Amongst the 127 members handicapped lor the quarter, ranging fiom .ii1 v irds clov n to 21 )nrds, seven have been honoured with the longer distance, vi/ -Messrs V M'l yo) 1 (juiuion, L. Clarke, I Hamilton, >.\ Sajei, J Hewson, and G Peppin, whilst there me tlie sume number at JO ) ords. At the recent Ilurhngliain Sheffield Uandi cap, \\\ Clarke, ut Hotham, the winner, was lntonned b) the committee til it the prize ol 7ÛH0V8 and a cold watch would be withheld until inquiries had been made lelutive to his complete record Hie committee held a meeting on Saturtlnv evening, when the) de elded that there was no evidence to count ot Clnrke with a pedestrian ot that name who ran in Lncjiud two )enrs igo In accordance with this decision, tlie pn?c w ill be paid over to C1 irke lo da) ? MOONI 1, \ALL1 \ H VGl -> Hie rice meeting held on '-iltur iv after noon on the pie isantl) situ ittd Moonee Vnlle) course wns well utteiideel 1 he course w is in excellent ordei tin "reen t,rasa show mg thron Ji the li Jit mulching thut Mr Cox li is Bivcn it I he centrp of the course lool ed ver) prttt) and the »peet itora lound an amus ing occupation in wotchm" the hares doing short and last Bpurts across the grein turi Hie Xlaiden Plate brou dit out 10 starters, Caulfield being made such a warm favourite that he left the paddock at ti to 1 Ho justified the good opinion of his backers bj winning the race in excellent stjle Louis looked dangerous till near home, winn ho faded awaj Onl) four horses started foi the Sellnin liace, which was regarded as such a certamt) foi Ace that he was ireelj bael eel at even mont j 'lho little thought ot I eael On rushed to the front when half the elis tance had been travcrseJ, and lent the livounte by a neck 'Hie »inner was bou Jit in for LIJO, ¡ill ol which goes to Mr Cox As the winner vv is scarce!) bicked, thia niuat have been a dear vietoi) Nine horses stirted for the \scot \ale Handicap, St Odille and Alltnder being Hie m ist fancied lina proved another surprise I lubra who vv is stated) men tonel in the betting dashed to the ftont and "Hind such a le id that nothing could c,et near her Allander made a gallant but lutilc attempt t> get on terms with the winner but i ni) secured second place Lhe ntewnrda were not satisfied witli SlalTorda pcrlonmnci, and cilled the joel ey before the ni but let lum ofi with a caution It was i ither signifie mt that just before the stint 100 toi waa olltied a_,amst this hoiae 1 our horses started tor the Steeplechase, vv hu li was won veryeasilj b) Chester II Moscow, who 13 new at ctoss coiiiitr) worl ran »eil and jumped »eil till he tell m the second round in ar the vint)atd and gave his rider a e,xid sh ii nig Governor tell ni the fir t round and bro) e his shoulder lhe second Selling liace re suited in the eos) victory of liichworth, a handsome mid speedy daughter of Richmond She was bought bj Mi Affleck for LIJO, and as she wasentereel to bcoolel tor £20, Mr Cox's funds benehted largelj I he racing concluded vv ith the Jannali Handle ip for which a do?en horsca stirted Until reaching the straight running, the race ap peared to be a mutch hi tween Pj rette and Honora, then Mavourneen came with a great ruah and won bj two lengtha 'Hie lollowmg are the particulars of the lacing - 31 viui-x lLvri, Ol ¡>0 sov a live fuñones and a half Mr J I ' obcrtsons Ir c Caulil lil bj Ive» minster- 1 ellet I v r«, Val lib (t liems.ui) 1 mr It liaklwiusbriu llcdea (I)ra 7s. 111b (lar roll) 2 Jlr S Ilorefall 8 art Mistral, 2 j rs, Ost Iib (Tom lui) 3 Mr 1 Aitken s br f Ambassadress 4vrs 'st 111b (lover) 0 llr I Crorler Jun s, b ¡, Illsliop t> ) rs 7tt 111b (11 Samara) 0 Mr J CoUendb or br c W)mène, 8)rs 7st Clb (W. ark) 0 Mr 1. 1 Talbol neil -st bjlb (blair) . 0 Mr I I. billilli s be Louis J jrs, 7st 01b (T Pro» II) 0 Mr I 1 atcrson 8 b o Uranus, 2 v rs Ost 41b (Hal hin) 0 Mr I llalmiisbf Tho 1 orsal on, 2)rs, Ost lib (Johnson) 0 ltettlll"-0 to 1 ogst Ciulllol I 3 to 1 n"at Mcdcn. Somo liillicullj »as experience 1 ni ,ctthi" the lior.c t netlici md it lajt Ibcj v ere Mut u a) to au liidilleicnt stitt I tainui and Louis wer in iront Claims aid 1 li* lo "otnwaj e I) ball) Caul held he d his vl * o In tiuiit ull ttto wav an I »on b> about a I ililli and i half Louis rall well fornuid till l ear bonn, »hen li fided awi) and was |> i^scd 1) Vc lea an I Mistral vi bo limslied lu that oidci rim», tin llas Sill INC. 11ACI, Of r0 soy s lour litr unca Mr J lull) s bl c. Lead O i, 1 y Illa Vihiffiir Cantal i o ) rs (li 1) Ct 111 (Johnson) 1 Mr I crulltBlnu s b g Ace Ofcccl (CO) 7bt. 121b (llobcrtson) 2 Mr O Cripps s h g Hop Until Ti y eura (nil) Oit 1 lb tarne l Tat Jib (Uro in) 3 Dr IHlaiuHClic&t; Andrew jtfel(iill) list 121b (Hlna"in) 0 nenin,,-I teni on Ace, ° to 1 cadi a st St \mltcn an 1 Hot, etoun b tJ 1 a"H I ead On (olt ) Acole tatt aj vvitli Hopetoun I» cloao attendance! and tho oilier tuo I) lit; lian Iv As tho) tient on Hopetoun "allied a ahitht advantage but soon c,ato yya) tol/ulon yylio tuina up fast on tho out&idt; \ce made u goo 1 ctTort In the strainu, but yy is beaten 1) LcalOu b) ft lack Ho) eton» was thrcolcu"thB olT lime, fiui. Hie winnot- was bought ni for iUO ASCOT) VII 'I WHICH' 01150roys fcecoud horse A0 tots anti third home lOaov* o it ol the st ii Ms. furloii.a Mr I Cohen s b Í Umbra b) lillian Avenel-Para chute I vi« tit Uh (Corrie) 1 Mr J luilv s eh o Allatlder, (J y ra, Tst. 111b (Poyo.) 2 Mr V\ " lllfcatcabr cLaili"ton 4 ) rs,'7i.t Dib (\\\ calle) S Mi J I) KobcrUoiis b g Stationl, 0 vrs o»t (Mooic) 0 Mt Santa b ir iipillccn, a"cd,7et 121b (I. Wil llama) p Mr J Harper's I) f St Odillo, 3 )ia Cat. l.lb (I tlrlilge) 0 Mr li Gin) r b g Mirth i )rs 0 t l.lb (Hilson) ti Mt 11 0 lalbota b ( Violet, J ira list lol G (tohnson) 0 Mr J A Ians» b m Agatha, ¡j )ra Oat 01b (Hana.au) 0 I!ottln" -tola^btSt Cdlllo 7 to 2 asst Allandcr ti to 1 a"st Lavin.ton 10 to 1 offered abat Umbra, 101) to 1 öftere I a ki StsPoul A.Tltln was llrst to abo V In front with Allander 111 closu ottciitlanee llcloro going fir Umbra went to tho front vv it i a croit spurt and soon had a lead of hi\ clear Itn^Llls l-ayin,ton uitt St Odillewere ne\t four lengths m ftont of Allan 1er ant Squltcun Ncarlii" the turu foi home Allantlcr caine up fist tut could never cat h Lulbia, yyho yyon bv thrre tcii"tlis Lay|n"toti ytttä third bt Odllle Malford Violet and Mirlh lyero nest lu that Older limo Im luja. sin írrcuvsF, Of CO sois secón 1 horto lo soi i out of stat e About uno tullo ai 1 throe quartet* Mr A G Welba oh « Theater li b) Slanderer »"ed, Dit. lOlb (lluht) 1 Mr \ Connoll) » eli t Topsail, a^cd, lust 01b (e ardiicr) .. Mr CUT llatta br ¡, Goyernor, aged, 12st (Hussey) 0 Mr L M Bondi br " Moscow, 6 )li Ost 101b (Stanfoid) 0 netting -5 to i a y ernor ' to 1 a"st Vloaeoyy Mcaeow led attay, yyitli Cheater II Topsail, and Gove nor followIrnr in that order and all closo to (.ether The horses ian hi the mino order doun the lilli where (loycinor f II ural brol c Ina shoal 1er Mose wv hel 1 his place all the nc\t ronnel and fell at the san u fence ellina Stanford a heavy fall Chester li Iel the lebt of tho tliittaticc, and wou lu a canter 10 le "His ni Iront of io) anil SI COSO SLLIING R 10F, Of 50 pois I Ol two ) coi olds. I oui furlongs Mr 11 II lothüls br I Ktcliivottli (lato Uoaulii) I v ltichmond - Camelia (i._0), Ust 111b (t laiiaean) . 1 Mr S Hornbilla br f Mistral (£100) Sat 111b (Weasle 2 Mr S Miller's br f Roonda (£60) 7st 11lb, (Ricket- son) 3 Mr E. Weeks's gr c Here Goes (£20) 7st (Cox) 0 Betting, - 5 to 2 on Richworth. Roonda was first away, but was soon passed li) Riclnyorth who Iel all the way home Mlstial undo a tooti clToit but was I eaten by ncarlv two ienntha Hoon la anti Here tloes «cíe nevt lime OHee Thu winner «as boit"lit b) Mr Airlock lor I Ax o Till IWUAltV IIWDICVP, Of jo boya tour futlou"a Mr 1 Ililli eli m MivMimeoii 1) Kettledrum, li y is Hit iib (VIorilsou) 1 Ml h Milluiall lil I y rette 5)r», ¡.st »II (Olia) J Vlr J Clullialaiilta li|. Aco, a,ed 7»t Ulli (Coi u) .! Mr VI A 1 Heute a bro I ay tatton,J) ra, 7«t 1 lu (« caale) 0 Mr GHI llartA b li Jocular, 3 )r« 7st, 121b (Hutchctis) 0 Mi I Wurnc s li f Hrst Pop, 3 )rs, Tst 71b i (Hi nee) 0 vlr I V\lilttin"liniiisbr m Honora, r>) ra 7BL 0!b I (1 Unman) . _ " 0 Mr J Hammills bl h Hannibal, aged, 7st 21b (Johnson) 0 Mr 1* Plijott s s m Advance S j ra 7st (Halliday) 0 Mr IL G Talbots b f Mold 3 J ra, Ost 1-ib. (Brown) 0 Mr H Haines eli i Breeze f> jn Oat 101b (Gorrie) 0 Mr O Cripi s s ch .; Hopetoun 5 yrs, Ost (Coo) 0 1 ottlntr-0 to 4 agsfc Honora 0 to 1 a^st Mavourneen and Lav!n"un 8 to 1 each cRst \ lolot uud Breóse 10 to 1 aest Hann bal La mirto i was first awa) but »as noon passed I y Pi rotto an I Honora, w ho singled out from tho others, lu ti o str.d"l c Matour ecu ca no up with a verj fast si nrt ni d ion bj ti o Iel sths Pjretto was sotol d Aco third Lai Inirton fourth and Honor» fifth Time D-sco, _ SIDNEY TAIITPSVLLS MEETING [BY srrciAL WIRE.] (r»OM OUIl CoilllLsrOXDEVT ) Sx.DNT\ &vrtmnvT; 'Hie second days racing of Tattersalls Club to da) was quite equal in point » f in- terest to that ot Cup Da) na reqarda r erform unce s on the course while the attendance waa little short of the gre it nsae mbl v"i of 1 ri inj Hie \ ice rc"nl box waa u"am occupied be the Governor and I ad) Carnnfcton au I suite Hie bli, event of the daj the Car» muston St ii CB piovelavery exeitin" race Hie winner turned up in Ben Bolt »ho is a 1 mr jeir oil bred .n Queciishh I Hie result of the race however did i)< t evoke much enthusiasm on the course ¡va the public interest clnelly centred in jempe who ian second but mijit hnva been the winner it more judicioual) rid len H n 1 olt after v cijnn" m was decorated with the ornn"e ribbon on which was em bioidered in blue the name ot tho rai'e oíante anil blue bein" lord Ciirriiic.tous colours lhe colt was led on to tho lawn ni front ol the Governoia box mid Illa Lxccllcnc) c u^r itulute 1 the triincr Cook on bia \ ictor) Hie Stcephehuse waa a xci) nterestin" mee and was won b) Kangaroo alter a cipitil hum!) with Seobeloll lhere weresevei Halls titcludin" thatot tile well Inovvn hurdlmccr Chlun who reiiiuinel where he cuno down for neirly hilf an hour md it vv is einer ill) believed his racine, eireer had elide 1 , but he eventuallj re covered nnd was brouJ)t bael to the satldliu" pndd >ck St Dunstan and Joes Indian Queen II came to grief early m the race and Grey Doujas soon after» irda tell and lost what chance he ha 1 Hie »innei au 1 bcobcloff junipe 1 ni spit n lil stjle tlirouJiotiL Rosebu 1 led almost trom stirt to finish m the ísew \eai s Gitt mid won ensilj by a length and a half from Burnlda vv ho caine home Uko u game one IhcSellinc lace wus appropriated in t io 1 et) le by 1 liaon vv ho dashed up on the outsid v hen 20 lenetlis from home and just boat t álate i b) a ned Queen of the South st irte 1 first favourite fertile Iwo \ tar Old Stakta and mai ing all the runmnc, won cleverl) by liait u len_th from lri" inline Hie hist lice of the ti ly tilde 1 in f ivour cf the Wug" i Cup heroine Minerva Hie foi lo» ing are the det ula - lill >1 IV li* Vit S tlIU, Of 8 sovs each yy ith 250 soy s added Second horte 2.1 soy a Six furlongs Mr L I-acr ir ns br Í I Obcbud by Musket-1 o) a rina Ivis Ost "lb (VI »oneil) 1 Mr A 1 ¡smarts bo Hnrrllda J)n "st (Gouch) 2 Mr O I 01 Hu a br li Coolabah li .Ms, gat. 41b (MGradiS 3 Mr John Ma)oschh Tils Worship 6) ra bat. 41b 0 Mr James M i)0 slu "'1 un a"ed Tat 41b 0 Mr John M Donald a be Kildare 1 )rs ist 0 Mr J Mon ty 3 br h First Demon 6 ) ra ist 0 Mr A li irper s b g V cronlque (Uto l.apid), C yrs, Ost. 0 Mr VI It) an na b ¡, Bullion (late Sterlln0) 0)ra Vat lill) 0 Mr J Northcmabc Keith 3)rs "at 0 Vlr li ltiv ncra brh Thu Monk "a. 711) 0 Mr L, M C111) a brui Morceau Ovrs 7at 0 Mr J D)kcs eli f Gol Hinder, 4 )ra Ost 0 Mr 1 Sandon na eh " *specul it on > ) ra fast. 0 lion J-is VV Mtc a ch c Hcvluiu J ) rs Oat til) 0 Mr I Mona"han ns I feorl.n .Ijis ,st 21b 0 Mr r lyor) »chb suirey a.cd Ost (lib 0 1 ottlu" -1 to 1 a~st lilt Wor-tilp, 0 to 1 a~at Cor day 7 to 1 a"»t speculation 10 to 1 agst lliirrilda, Hexham, Véronique and Itoacbud Aftci a fcyy btrldes from the lost Ito3cbild yy cnt to the front an 1 led to tho (lim winning li) a lcn,tli anil a 1 iii from liurrilda who waa a head in front of Coolabah Then cimu His Woiahlp, 1 irat Demon, and Morceau Timo Im IBs inn SEI mu mee, Of lOO wv«, with 2 soys, each all led Tho winner to be auld for loo sois VV ei"ht for aj,e bey cn fur loues Mr 1. Lamond na ch c I liaon, b) Kinff of the H111Í-»sappho ml J)« «ac 4lb (»pldci) 1 Mi 1 S Cauborn a b f balates, ¿50 4 yrs,'et. lilli (liairis) 2 Mr John Ma) o a i li li His W ors'ilp, ml, 6 ) ra, 7st. Jl) (Milne) J Mr J Allsop 119 b o rau"h a ballagh, nil, 4 )rs, 7bC 0 Mr J Dykes oh o Goldflndcr nil -Ijrs 7st. 0 Mr J W lihUenheada bill cull) Sark, nil, C)ra, übt 1 ¡lb 0 Mr r Stewarts ch b blr Garnet, nil, aged, Gst lill) 0 Mr C r Hobcrtsabf ltelu» nil 4 ) rs, Cat 111b 0 lit .Ung -5 to 4 on Ilobus J to I acbt Illa Worship G to 1 o0»t 1 haon and Galatea, and 10 to 1 a"st ant other Cutt) Sark, llebtis and G üatca mado the running to the she la where the) vyeru jollied I) lila Worship and the lot raced tonethcr lu a cluster totbo distance, y hen 1 haon contine, throuji at tho distance a splcn d 1 race yyith Talatea was yyon cloverly b) thofoimor hv a neck, Ills Worship being Mu co Icngthbayv a) thmt then cania Keb is Gokltiudcr, and Cult) bark lime lm JOs. Iheyyinner waa bold for 100 bola. IHb CVItlllNGTON STVKLS, Of 1 000 aova 700 soya to the first horse 200 soya to the second, and 100 aova to tile third One milo thrco fuiloiiLS Mr J Str ciclan Is b c Ten Toit, by hcyybolii Ladv Hal twin Í yrs b t 1110 (Steeper) 1 lion J White a eli 1 leutpe 4) re 7st bib , in eluülii.' 101b pcnalt) (SI luliflc) 2 Mt A 1 ¡¡marta b 0 liurrilda 3) re Cat. 111b (Goil,h) 3 Mr VI J 1 orrestcr alb Soldier Bo), 0 ) ra, Sat. 121b (Colic)) 0 Mr JL Grilllus ch li Battailous 0)ra, 8-t Sib ()! Grade) 0 Mr A L Cora»eil a ch f toll), 4 j rs 7tt 121b (Phipps) 0 Vlr 11 Oxoiiham a b Í Cenau and Hluo 1 ) ra, 7st 121b (Netlller) 0 Mr M Jacobs li c VIctal 4 v rs "st 101b (Sanders) 0 Mi VV Cannons b c Desmond, 4 )rs, 7»t- 101b (LU. ) 0 Mr J tee jun a bl f Kathleen 4 j ra'st. "lb (Unis) 0 Mr II Iuiibolaa eli 0 kuiu Oyyn 4 )rs, 'at. 01b (MUovall) 0 Mr I Moiajiall (113) clio Espejo 4 )r-. Tst. 21b (Hards) 0 Mr li deo 1 sell h Louise 0)rs Ot Ole (Stone) 0 Mr J VV 00J na ch « Hecr Ut u y rs (11. Mb 0 Mr T Stcworla bl c lion Acoord, I)rs0bt.41b n (lie Ucr) 0 Mr It) an (11s) ch ( Peeress 4)rs Oat 41b (Vrchcr) 0 Mr I I llrowni b | Tramp a"-cd, Ost 41b (bkoclian) 0 Mr Ii Coopers ch c Orator, 4 vrs Ost 21b (Spider) 0 Mr M 1) oils a bl m Valetta a.oj Oat 0 llctlm"-1 yena on leim, e J lo 1 a"at Corleo and lillie ' to 1 n"st Hen I olt, J to 1 a"8t Kathleen, and .0 to 1 a stnni othet A si Icnditl btuit sent Kilima Own awa) filishtlvin aduincc of the others yvithoiator and llesmonil in close attendance Passln" Hie stand Orator tool up the runulii.' yilth Tramp half 11 length away and then came Kin,, a tivy n Soldier Ho), Lurril K with the lest lu a cluster and leuiio last against the rails lu tint order tia y raced to the lucie of the course ' where li imp went to Hie front nuil lud to tho aheils with Run 11 la next then Orator Kilima Oyyn aid batwlust Clear of the sheds Hurril ia impiot ed the I nee, and Tiamp tellied be iten at ti e I on I Ilurril la I celitlnue I lcmlinc follouel I; Kathleen Oiator lytiinaOyyn an 11 cn Holt, with Tempo moving cut of tho ruck and tho Hrst named I uriiidt toni midd in corni»III I to thu lull di»talico with I cn Holt on his (.lilli» nu 1 1 cm) u con In,; ti in lieh foi thu Un il run A en it race then ensued but the fayouiito y aa unable to c,ct np to He 1 Ho t who yyou ckicilv ly a noel, renn e lattin,, 1 umida b) a length 1 hen caine Cetlse and lillie IvhlgaOwti Kathleon, Meta) lapícele, boldter Ho),yylulat Pccrcaa yi as last, linio, -III OS HIL sTiriLiciiisi, OLIO soi s. each ultu SOO sov« aldcl Scoond horse 6ÜBOVS About throe miles Mr 1 Wnrmollsb ff Ivanjaioo ajred lost, carried 10 t Jil (llc"an) 1 Mr T Shoro us ( h g fecobeloff, ased, lost 61b (Cllollipni)) 2 Mr It Hoisted s b g Tho Masher, bj is, lost 31b (liei"hra.) 3 Mr 1 bhoro m b it Uhlan omi Ost Sib 0 Vlr li 1 in letts io " st Uiuibtiii tljrs Ust 121b 0 Mr A S liol ertsoimgi, Grl) Doujas a"cd, Ost 11 0 Vlr John M Donchi s b ni Letitia a.oii, Oit 31b. 0 Vlr J Bourke s li e Hector u,e I, lOat »lb 0 Mr 1' J I ox s g (, Student nited list Dib 0 Mi J lliflis bin Joes Indian Queen IL, b jrs list 0 llettm ' -., to 1 nest St Dunstan 4 to 1 ayst han paroo b to 1 ag,>t Joes Indian Queen li, and 7 to 1 a.st m) oUi r Lhlan went aw oj »1th tho lead, folio« ed bv Hector, letitia :u il ht Dunstan In that order to the third lince wluro dector carno to crlûf Joos Indian Queen II lefusci) to talo tho next jnmp mil 6t Liuns*nii parted «Ith his rider Ubini and Scoboloff lol our lhe first of tin tieblo lu front of tho stind and Iheli cann Kangaroo Tho Mailor, student and Queen an t the) race 1 in that order to tho seven fur Ion,4 post whero Gnj Douglas came down Alone, tho back ot the course Scubeloff » as the leadei I j _u Urdí »Inch he imrcascd to 1(<0 valds it the thc'ii Uhlan ami Kaii-earoo lillie next otiui Interval ol loo vants and then Hie Masher, Student Letitia und Joes Ii ellan eluciii II Hie same order »as pre BTV ed over tho treblo for tho second time, whilst alone tho bael of tho course to tho hill these vas no chaine bet here Uhlan who was two Icncths behind bcohiloff fell and Kangaroo no» cliaficneed the teller carno to tile front at half distinct and won n. irood nee bj four lengths fiom fccobelolt f¿ullc 100 lards awn) caine lhe Masher four lengths lu Iront of Student and the other» did not finish linn, Otu 5JS TWO Ititi OÍD SLIL1XO IllCJ, 01150 sovs. The winner to he sold for 150 sov s Five fin long* Mr II Stockdales brf Queen of tho South, £50, 2)is, ()>t Mb (M Douall) 1 Mr VI renell) seht Bii"aiitlne, £J0, 2 jrs, Ost S h (VI Auliilc) 2 Mi C 1 LobeiUib b f Mia Ilia, COO, 2 j rs, Ost Sib (Al. li) . 3 Mr W Cooleran c Taino Shaiitor £50, 2 jrs, Ost 1 lib 0 Mi I Wilkinson s eli elbe Tot, £50, 2 JIB, Ost HU 0 Mr V Lodore bi Lad) Marlon,£50 2jrs OstSIb 0 llûttliur -5 to 4 on Queen ol the South, 2 to 1 agst Brigantine, 7 to 1 asst lam o Shaiitor, and 10 to 1 a"st Mu Mia. Queen of tim South led from Htart to nnlsh, and »on bj it half length íim i Uri^aiillue, who was halt a no/in leii.ths lu front of Mia Mia. Time, lui 21» mu IIIMIICAP, Of loo sov s , second horse JO sots One rallo and a Mr U J Bo« 1er s b in Minerva hy Marlbj rnong Anilin 0 j rs, t»L 51b (Uuii"-h) .. 1 Mr VI !\ Hillas b g Ualinoral, aged, 7«t 31b (Smith) 2 Mr C M/ariiioll a br f \\\ olloiihOiij», a¡¡cd, Ost bib (Helder) . _ S tir IL Ört-n s b f Toorale Sera, Ost O Mr A E. Cornwell s b or br I Pet Girl S j ra "st Ob O Mr Jas Sm th s b o Peter 4 J ra Est Olh O Mr John Wood a br m Sawdust O vrs 7st 51b 0 Messrs XV and J Lee s c o Mimas] 3 j» 'st 0 Mr II Oxonhamabg St Aubin 6 j ra Oat 71b O Ur LO Cousin s b1 h Tho Demon 5)ra Ot 0 Mr J Allsop a ch fr Ccstus 6 ) ra, Ost 0 Mr J Allsop na b ir Tramp aired Ost 71b O Mr John Ca non a bl jr Merlin a"ed Sst l"lb 0 lion I White a b c Lennox 3)rs 7st 0 Ur T Ivor) a bl g Freemason 4 ) rs Ost 61b 0 Ir M Jacobs s b e Metal 4 j ra, tut 0 Bellin.-° toi ojstlctcr 4 toi ajst Minerva 0 toi agst Uotal and let Girl 8 to 1 ag»t >¥ollon"on"; and Tramp Wollonfjoiff made tho running to tho turn vvhero cvvascliall iiRed by Minerva »ho got on to t rms at Uio dista ICH ai d raced homo the winner bv tbreo lcn"tln fro i Bali toral w) o beat Wollongong, bj half alcirsth Time "n l"Js MCI Oil AN CLUB lUCEs Hie following are the weights for this meeting, which takes place on Saturdaj - HXSDICXP ItCltDIE HVCE. Of 3 soi s each with 150 sois ad led scconl to Iront II«) al Maid Insole lilt ter linctop Tattler A.itit on \ ul in O nadhauu Ta itah-w-r nal Jackson Onttan lue! 1er i irle) id third 10s ft li I 10 II ii li 8 10 1" 10 1 10 IO 10 10 0 10 4 10 "=iiiLlne; lund Oculist An.a thona I* alio i The Chief lu,ci lvrt ices Xemct One mile and a st lb I) 0 II 0 9 0 Of 5 to recibo Mt and attuartcr 10 2 I XICTOnit ami CUP eich vv th TOO sois a ldod second hon.0 and third *>Osoiß. Onouillo M rriiiu Ai lite Brit al cr Horse Caí erl io Ma lup Gratlt to Plaus b e Loid Wilton The Ghost el| cde Stalioi I liol eilm Ano! or te Middlnnarch ltln" lastcr 7 1* 7 11 Claptrap ltcuius Metal irfolk Uml erto Mentmoro rho 1 oneil li «top Ui noa I egina Hq uourlfl Marlu Loulso Gardenia Lav ii "ton Ilrst Irlnto Childe Harold S ello» Hammer Via) lo» Gipsy s Ve nrnlng; Mei et lb (I 0 el 0 furloi ;s DM Ion 1 C er b 1 li liol cet Xolr Mcl|H) i el o Mainsail I I) Ui cas II ü TWO TPMl OID sriKFS each with *>00 sovs ad led second to d third lb sola. 1 our and a half et lb 8 11 St Paul Uranus Gcoloili. " li 1 Inrjl e W alten 7 li Mary Ha» ti orno IUXDItll MM ILtCHASU st lb 0 7 Of D sois, caell vi ith 00 si celve JO sov s st lb Mcrndcr 1. 4 Lad) Islitou 11 C Wy let 11 0 Good lood 11 0 liol Cooper 11 J Mar pili ot V\ ater ford 11 0 Mor en 10 12 Into 10 10 Stag 10 10 vs. added second to re TtO lilies st lb Tho Irishman lo Narra ¡, 10 0 Joe a Indian Queen II PI enomenou Houlette Chester II bil bat mel Monal eli 1) i. au 10 0 IO 0 JVNtUrY II DIOAl Malua staf"or 1 Mid Ile .rch Moon hee Chi ckater William lell lheClost Sea Horse His His Waterloo Qtt ntin Mutee) s C at trap Ne iorlt Mia idcr Laudo Ulibcrto tv ith 00 i .a. ti ¡rd " st H 3 I" S 11 8 10 8 U 8 8 S 3 8 0 7 3 7 3 Ho nie Doon FT lirbtll"ht lirstlop S)dr ey Giro la Highland C1 Iel Sedition May dcu Childe Harold Mustan,, Uncos II Isla der rbotty UWhop OJl 0*10 li IO C 10 li 10 VIIC SUMM1 K MI rTING The follovvimr is the amount ot stal e3 \ at the above ineetmt, - Mr J Cripps 1st Sun dish Hato £013 1st Midsummer linndtcap 231 Hou W A Lonç lst Normanb) Makes « .. « ., Mr II Lou,! Hu - lst l!a"ot I late Mr s Miller lsl, Stc i lechaso M M M . Vlr J Ware 1st li milo Itaoo Mr W D Ho! ellson 1st Cr ter o i Stakes Mr D S Wallaco 2 d Midaun mer Handicap . ,, 75 "rd Staudb.ll Hate .. 30 Mr T Jones "id Standish Plato «. _ Mr S Martin _nd Hai,ot 1 lito .. _. » Mr b G cook °il Nonnonb) Stakes CO 2nd Criterion btakoa G ' M O Connor ni Hurdle llaco e VV Ic-iroOh I Stcc] lechaso Mr h Martin Jrd SteeplecUaso Mr O Davis Ird Midsun mor ïlandicap BENALLA K C MEEIINO. (Hi TCLEOIU II 1 II M Ouït CORItESrONDtXT ) BrVALLA, SlTURDAT The races of the Benalla Racing Club »ere held here )caterdav and passed off success full), the attendance being t,ood, and the weather line, althouJ) vc-, hot Hie follow ing are the results ot the different éventa - Furillo Hice - Xcl o the Hilts (Llo)d) 1, Black Runil ter (0 hook) . liusliran cr (kellin) S Malden 1 late -tiemloil. (M 1 artunc), 1, I irst Rose (Wnalli)) 2 Xana ( nulli) 3 ¡Vow \ ear's Doe ll-indlcu. - Wisdom (Whalloy) 1 Little Mar) (Hoisted) 2. Juni| ¡ne 1 rl/ -Zoe (I arrcll) 1 Marmion 2 Amateur W citer lfindlein -W is loin (Crattan), 1 Marie (Moran) 2 Hucket (llninphrlea) L bellin» lue-lillico (billilli) 1, Lightfoot (Wbille)) 2 fejplui (Hoii.li I) J Cousolallon hlaltis -Little Man (Ho)stcd) 1 Ilocl et (smith), 2 , Made (M 1- irlam), 8 DA\LLS10hD RVCES (Br TELsaiuiu 1 non Omi CORRESPONDENT ) DULI si ORD, fa val DM Hie Dnv lesfor 1 races miel aporta took place to tiny 'Hie »eather was lint and there was a large attendance, over '100 being tal en at the cates lhe following nie tlip results of the hoise racing and the athletic events - Mullion rice Olio nillo and a half-Charit), 1 Con lilt Un 2 itainbo» J Dulisfonl Plate, two mile0 -xonus 1 Mppcr " rorehlliiht I Stew ants I urse one milo anda half-\enus 1 Nimier ' Torchll"ht S llnnulcap Trot throe miles -Tombo) 1 Tons) 2 lio i J Uilloafcrl Handicap ISO jalds.-Sweet, 1 Malklnnon 2 Old Bulfers Hace, for men over 40 j cars of ace - splttal 1 Handicap Ilurdlo naco 200 varis- Croft, 1, M Han Heap Obstacle Mace 200 janis-Dj or 1 Broinli), M lhe various sports were well contested DO\ALD '1 UUr CLUB RACES (BIIELEORAIU liiosi Oua COMIESPOÎIDEXT } DONALD, SATURDAV The Donald Tuif Club races were held on Ne» leurs Da) lhe attendance »as eood although the dav was a little dusty All the events were well contested 'lho following mo the lesulta - Maiden I late -Mr Tra cr s Lade Hiwkisbtir) (Onv) l,Mr Gribbins Iiiv, 2, Mi Ivell) s Canter burv S. llurello Itaee -Mr Henderson s Vi attie Blossom (Pentland) 1 Mi Gin) s Lstrclla, 2. Donold Hand cap-Mr Gribbins Box 1 Mr Viatel elds Black tracker Mr Motta Moonlight tllM|uahlhd Moonlieht cunio In first, but in conon itaeiiee of not ileetarlne oiomeiijit tho stakes wire a» anted to Hi x Sellln_ It ico -Mr Corrie s Donald (Cameron) 1 Mr Motts Peter . Mr Batter s Jessie J. Pom Itaci-Ml Pi ira Blacl Be« (Ulckeion) 1 Mr Mallison s Crinoline 2, Mr MConvllloB Duchess, I lind lloco-Mr Trasera I adi llowlcsbur) (Ora)), 1 Mr GribbluaKov 2 Vlr Gorries Donald J Coutotutlon blal es -Mr Dal Uta Lightfoot (Webb) 1 Mr W akellold s Black Trad cr, 2 , Mr Dunstan a Warrliral s _ GIiri.NLAKE RACES (BrTtLECIHlll lltOU Ouit CoRIIESIONDEM ) HORSHAM SATURDAV 'I he Greenlake races were held on New Yeal s Da) 'lhere was u good attendance, anil the weather splendid A rather serious acculent occmred in the Welter Handicap in which C Smith, the rider ot Eric the lied, fell and broke his leg Hie following are the ii suits - Maiden Plato -flirl le, 1, Dcsnoll, 2, Shadow S Handicap Hurdle ltaco -Nancy, 1, Mugir, 2 laiifax, J Trottine; Pace - Crana), 1 Darkie, 2 , Ma), 3 Greenlake Handicap -Darkie, 1 , Jack, 2, Dingo, 3 Poll) ltaco-1'rldo of the Lake, 1, Jcnn), 2, Mu., J Welter Uatidlia» -Mggcr, 1 , Des veil, Ï Mosca 3 Consolation blakes.-Jack, 1, Maud, S, Shadow, 3 WENTWORTH RACING CLUB. . (Br TFLEOHAPII Ffiojf Oun Coiincsro\DEVr.) WRN rSVORTIL SATUBDAT. The weather was Bnltry to day, but tho races passed oft lairly well, though the attendance was poor, 'lhe following are the results - Maiden Plato -Itobertson Bros.' St Stephen, 1 W entivorth Handicap -VA Gordon's Sandal, 1 ; Hub), 2 Isornian S Steeplechase -Robertson Bros ' Heit), 1 Ladles Tropb) -Itobertson Broa* letu, 1, Buby, r roo nandlcap.-Robertson Bros.' St, Stephen, 1 ; Queen Elizabeth, 2, bandai, J BOURkE JOCKEY CLUB RACKS. (BY TLLEOKArn Tiosi OUR COBRESPONDEST.) BOURKE, SATDRDV.T 'Hie above races attracted a moderate attendance )esicrdu). 'Hie following are the results - I Ii ing Handicap, of lo soy s , one mile -Mr Smith s Douri o walked over Raliway Hat Ina]) of 1'soya three nuortcrs Ota mile-Mr li Smiths Bandmaster, 1, Mr J. is Parkers Mur el 2. Neu )iirs Handicap of 11 gars, one n ile and a quarter-Vlr li Smith a Bourne 1, Mr W Qioham'i Comet, 2 , Mr H Smith a Bandmaster, 3 Ladlca Mile, of 10 sot a , one mile and a furlong - Mr IL y\ ai moil s Moses, 1, Mr Vi Grahams Cul loJen, 2, Hack Race, of 3 Boys- Mr M Hart s Lnmpli/hter, 1, Mr Turners Hazard, 2 Vlr Millers Wallaroo, 3. CRICKET. VICTORIAV TLVIORS V SYDNEY SECOND JUNIORS [BY SPECIAL WIRE.] (FBOM Oun CoilBESPO>DENT.) ~"SIDNEY, ScSDVT The intercolonial junior cricket match hetweeh lo inetronohtan and Ç)due) juniors and a team of \ lctorian juinors, was continued on Saturday on the Agricultural Society a ground 'I here w as a good attend ince, not- withstanding; tile strong counter attraction at tlieruccs 'i he Killie «ns not piny ed out, the result beinR a draw in favour of the local pla)trs 1 lie scores were-Metropolitan .luniors-rust mmngs, 112 , second inmnc,s. 121 Victorians-1 irst innings, 1¿J , second innings, inn« wickets foi 81 'Hie (.old medal tor the best battins avenue on the Victorian side was won hy 1'risdule RICHMOND V. HAWTHORN. This match uat placed at Richmond on Saturday. Hawthorn winnini: tim toss «cut to the wicket*. Coupar and Hereford, tim Hrst bat ¿men, >put on GO runs before tim flrit wicket fell, Russell, uho Bim eecded, placed a line Inritii^ iorOJ, tim last wicket falling for 10't. Richmond at call of tinto had io-A four wickets [or57 inn«. Loujur, for Hawthorn, and Hosie, for Richmond, bowled nell fur their rtbpeUho sides. The following were tho scores . IKWTHGUN. I Coupar, b Hosie . .11 líeresíord, b 1 ooto.GO Russell, o Moore, h Uoslo .. .. ùf Carter, o U'DowalL b Harnaril " .. S 6 hnelish, o Richards, L Hosie .. .. 11 N\ ard, run out .2 Munro, bOicr .. .. 11 Smith o Fitzgerald, b Iloslo *. .. U Austin, b iiofalo .. ,.I.! Brideson, not out.5 Whitelaw, bOiur.Ö ¡sundries. .. .. 4 Total . 195 RICHMOND. FIt7£craM, b Coupar . 10 Parnaid, b Couuar .. ,. ,. .. A M Uowall, b Coupar.0 Mooro, b Driduao i. .. Ü Mattheus, not out.*> 0\cr, natout., .. 8 lour for.¿t niclimond v Hawthorn (second tla\ ens), pli> ed at Hawthorn on Satiudaj, resulted lu a win for the \i-noni In 133 runs Richmond battul Hrst, and totalled 140 runs, Mullett with M, mid li brock .il, showing capital fjrm ; lu)lor 11, and Churoh lu, nNo batting ».II Uwlrifr to pood bowling on tim part of Mullett (riv wicket* for fa runs) and Shand (threa for 7) tim local inn, onl> scored 10 run*, thus katini; tbo Rich mond team winners bj 1 (3 run« A match, M C C \ second tleten of St K C O , waa p'aiod on Situidit on the Scotch Colle e ¿.round, «iib thufollomnj ithult - M G C, 141, bt. laU becwid clc\cu, 17 for tis n ictcctf* lh SporLt Di pot Challenge Cup met on Monday, Dtcciii her 21, when the llfth, draw took place, an 1 resulted an loila« H -Ormond v. .North *Jtar Hot ha ni Juniors \ Courtuo> United, \ouni; \ Klori» *. Crescent, Laurel \ Hotham Alma, \\\c*t Mothourno Alberts \ Hotham Lxtelbior, Tarkvillc \ 1 muire A match will bo pin) ed tu morrow on tim J*. M GC. ground be tucen "ontlcmari miers an 1 proies «tonals, tho former entertaining tho latter ab lunch lh> to commence at half past 11 ¿harp* lim following will repreeont the utmUcura -1. Watson, A Glftsscock, I \Ienvic-t, \\\ Menzies, P. it. Ho», A T Crtbttltk It Oivur A nillir, 1 Kcokh, ^ Tobin, R. AJUeok. >\\. Ninnie, A. Moffatt. , LVWX TENNIS South Tarra v. Richmond resulted In a win lor South Yarri Stiphen and Kow (b Y ) buií Lout» and A Lultcj (It ) lu to 0, and II Lu'te\ and Mullah' (IL) 16 to .1, bpower* and roxton (S "i ) heit H. Luke} and Mülül> lu to 2, and wort* beaten b\ U>wti» and » lultej 11 to 16 Totals-South \ urra, &u; ; Richmond, 20. 