THE HORSE AND HIS SENSES. The horse comes into the world, says the Ohio Farmer, with his five senses in full vigor. His ears are so arranged that they can be turned to catch a sound from any direction. His nose is large and he can scent his friend or enemy a great way off. His mouth is so made that be can tell what he is eating better that you or I can. His feeling is as delicate as the touch of a blind man, his eyes are so placed in bis head that be may have a large field of vision. And yet his master, man, who does not like to be deprived of any of his senses, shows a lack of even horse sense when he puts blinds on him and drives bim. Why should not a horse see anything approaching in the rear as well as in the front P Why not put blinds ou him when you ride bim or turn him out to graze P Why hinder the proper exercise of his hearing, smell, and taste P The horse is the only animal save the mule, that is blinded. Perhaps his (the mule's) heels might be leathered with sonic propriety. Blinds cover the most handsome features of the horBe. What is prettier that the full hazel eye of a horse ? Can a horse reason ? We say yes. Then cannot he come to a better conclusion when his eyes are not obstructed P The horse couid see the whip in the driver's hand and know when all the members of the family are seated. If he can't see the whip he soon learns to hear the driver pull it from the whip socket. More horses run away because they cannot see but bear the ghost, than if they could see and bear it too, as seeing often dispelB all fear. Nature puts a handsome coat of hair on the horse, and yet men use the clippers. And what for ? The man who would do so ought to be stripped of all clothing and made to stand in the cold till -well till be could practice the " Grolden Rule." All horses when warm should be well blanketed, and in fly time well netted, as stamping at the flies will stiffen the joints and worry the animal. It was a humane act to cease the practice of nicking and docking the tail, The horse is one of the most useful animals, and we ought treat him kindly. Don't let us make bim " go it blind" any more. 