XEW MEMBERS Ob1 TIIE HOUSE OU COMMONS. Under tho heading of "Moms, about the Now Members " tho J'ull M<itl Ou:ette gives a number of biographies, which for cri.spuess cannot be surpassed. Take, for instance, the following three. We give Sir Samuel Wilson be cause he is— well, he is an old Victorian; Mr. llettry Matthews because, as the new Home Secretary, be is tile only Minister about whose re-eleetiou there was any doubt ; and Mr. It. Wallace, because lie was at one time the editor of a well-known Scotch paper, aud deteated a promineut statesman. Sir Samuel's biography is especially ricli : — Portsmouth ') : Sir W. Crossmau (UJ,.), S.'IS'J ; Sir Samuel Wilson yC.), S.iil'.i, elected, jiughendon lias brought, good fortune to its new owner. Sir Samuel Wilson has at last at tained the object oi Ids munition, and writes M.l'. after bts name. A coiouial "big bug" himself, be lias ousted auotner, for Mr. Vauder- byl, the .Ministerialist eandiuate, is an Austra lian Vauderbilt, tliougu less tuitions than Sir Samuel. Horn in lsifd at Ballycloughau, county Antrim, one ot the six sons oi his father, Sir Samuel (be was plain Samuel, and poor Samuel in those days) emi grated like other Irishmen have done Irom Klin's Isle. His Cellie aeuitniess enabled him in time to become a leading member of the great Australian sqiiatuumcy, gentlemen to whom a few hundred tliousaud acres are neither here nor tiiere. They bought when laud was worth a song or a stick ol tobacco. To-day they reap the fruits ol their sagacity. So -Mr. Wilson prospered, and two Victorias were kind to him. Une helped him on to wealth, tho other knighted him, anil lie arone Sir Samuel, much to his delight. Some day ids wealth may float him int" a happy ianu where lrotilr.es cease and elections are no more. Well known in Australia, lie found himself an ob scurity in Jjundoii, ami after easting about lor a time, procured u great persona, adver tisement uy buying the ictreal of llurke ami Beaeoustleld, whicli result! '.I in pars" of which Barman tntgiit have been proud. By this means lie huisted iiiuiseif before the public, but he is still daugling. Portsmouth has now given him wlnt lie Mould call, iu his happy colonial phraseology, a " lug up." lie plays ilie host on an extensive sale, aud endeavors to feed himself into vogue. But if Dizzy's ghost ever walks the long corridors of ttie ltugiienden Manor House, tie might whisper to Sir Samuel that " manners inaiteth ninn" us u-ell ns gold, iu time, Sir Samuel will develop into a lolerable party hack. lie ,is gregarious as his own sheep. Birmingham East (New Division), Mr. Henry Matlhon-s, y.C. (C), ill) 11 ; "Alderman W. Cook. ( LiJ, 2hu2 ; Conservative majority, TS'J. .Mr. ilenry Matthews, who lias mou the unique dis tinction of being the lirsl Conservative member for Birmingham, is in other respects nlso a dis tinguished man. lie was horn in Ceylon (M-nere his father Mas a judge), graduated at two universities ( Paris anu Boiiuou), and has since hud an excellent praeliee at thu bar (ho is a bcncuer of DineuliVs Inu). lie has been engaged in several big tilings, including tliu Home case, tho Tielibonio case, and tho lipping Forest ease. He dofended Mr. Jacques iu the Armstrong case, uml his victory at Btnniiighaiu is no doubt thu ruwnrd of virtue. He contested the seat, hon-- over — so he told tho electors — not fur his om'ii sake, but from a sense of what M-as owing to ' their common country." The burden of affairs appears, hon-ever, to sit lightly ou Mr. MattlicMS, alio is a cheery, rubicund mau, with a keen sense of humor, if ho were a younger man (lie is till), the Tories ought to do something for him, for, besides contesting North Birmingham at the last election, ho thrice unsuccessfully contested Duugarvau, for M'hiclt borough lie sat lttilK- 1B7-1. Edinburgh — Mast (Neu- Division).— Mr. It. Wailaee (D ), UG'J I | itiglit Hon. U. J. Guschcu (U.L.), —all ; Diberul majority, 1111. Mr. (Joscbcn can at least claim, as a species of " honor of war," that lie was not defeated by a mere " nobody." In May last the lt.ulicals of Hast Kdinbiirgli Mere crying, " If u'e could only secure Mr. Wallace as our candidate, we would beat Qoscheu clean out of the tield ;" and strnngurs from the south were plaintively be sought to nid iu the search for him. l''or Mr. Wallace was at that moment "lost in X.uii-' don," and bis would-be supporters were crying iu tho wilderness. .Mr. Wallace, however, Mas discovered ill time, and the san guine anticipations of the local Kadicals have been more thau justified. The lion, member is a man u'ith a variegated career. He is best kuoM'u to the world, perhaps, as the immediate successor of the famous ' .Sandy " itiisscll in the editorial chair of the Scotsman — a post which he occupied tor four yenrs, when lie came to London, lt was his previous identifi cation M'itli the Scotsman which lout piquancy to the contest in the eyes of the people of Edinburgh, because the Scotsman championed tho cause ot Mr. Uoscbcn with all its great ability, undoubted energy, ami (as many peopfe will persist iu thinking) its unique unseupulottsuesa. And it is probably due to thu peculiar opposition of the Scotsman more thau to anything elite that Dr. Wallace owes the cniiucnt position M'hich he m'uu ou tliu noils. For there has been sore complaint iu Kdiuburgh of that "most unfair system of journalistic partisanship " n'liich has 1 takeu euorinotts pants that every word uttered by Mr. Uoschcu has been placed before the constitu ency," while " only garbled and imperfect reports" of the meetings of the Scotsman's former editor have been permitted to see the light in the columns of the Scotsman. Trior to juintug the Scotsman, Dr. Wallace was for many yours tho minister of the tlrey Friai'B mid Pro fessor of (Jliurch History in thu University of Kdiuburgh, and muls a prominent figure in thu church controversies of his time iu Kdiu burgh. Upon coming lo London, in HUM, Dr. Wallace entered us u student at the -Middle Temple. Ho M as culled lo tho liar in 1 rise', and Is sulil to have already obtained a fair praeliee. The House of Commons is not uu iinkiioMii assembly to Mr. Wallace ; and tho late Princi pal 'Tulloclr, iu ono of the lust spccclius ho ever delivered ill tho general assembly of the Church of .Scotland, has characterised him as " one of thu ablest debaters ho ever knew lu that or anr other house." 