A Tough Story. A YisRY tough story, which is vouched for after, a fashion, is going the rounds, and given for what it is worth. It is related that a Mr. S. M. was sitting in his back yard talking to some friends, wlieu his-attention was called to a hen with a brood of young chickens, and a large rat that had emer ged from his hole and was quietly regarding the young chickens with theprospectof a meal in view. As the rat came from his hole the house cat awoke from her afternoon nap and caught ight of the rat. Crouching low she waited developments, and stood prepared to spriDg upon his ratship. At the ap pearance of- his ancient enemy, the cat, a Scotch terrier, which had been sunning itself in the wool- shed, pricked up his ears, aud quietly made for the place where the cat stood. At this moment a boy- came upon the scene. The chickens were not cog- nivanf nf Vainer flip mf nnr rliri thp ra+. see the cat, nor the feline the dog, who had not noticed the coming of the boy. A little chick wandered too nigh and was seized by the rat, which was in turn pounced upon by the cat. aLd the cat was caught in the mouth of the dog. The rat- would not cease its hold on the chicken, and the cat, in spite of the shakings he was getting from the dog, did not let go the rat. It was fun for the boy, and with high glee he watched the contest aud" the struggle of each of the victims.- It seemed to him that the stone he hurled at them was bound to hit the rodent. The aim was bad; the stone struck . tlie dog right between the eyes. The terrier re leased its grip on the cat and fell over dead. It had breathed its last before the cat in turn let go the rat, and turned over and died. The rat did not" long survive the enemy, aud beside the already dead chicken he laid himself down and gave up the ghost. The owner of the dog was so angry at its death that he is said to have come very near mak ing the story complete by killing the boy thai; killed the dog that shook the cat that caught the rat that bit the chicken in the yard in Flint-street. — San Francisco Post . 