THE MELBOURNE PRESBY- TERY. THE REV. G DODS DECLARED GUILTY OF CONTUMACY. An adjourned meeting of the Melbourne Presbytery was held yesterday afternoon at the Assembly hall, to consider the action of the Rev. G. Dods in declining to comply with the demand of the Presbytery, that he should submit the manuscripts of his sermons for examination in connexion with the inquiry as to the allegation which has been made concerning unsoundness in his teaching. There was only a small attendance, not more than about 10 members being present during any portion of the sitting. The Rev. T. W. M'Gregor, moderator, was in the chair. At the outset of the proceedings the Rev. S. Robinson, noticing reporters at the table, inquired what that meant, and why the meeting was not treated as a private one. The MODERATOR answered that he supposed that question was for the presbytery to decide. He Knew nothing about it at present. The Rev. S. ROBINSON. -This business has always been considered in private before, and from the first. The Rev Dr. MACDONALD. -It is time we mended our ways. The Rev. S. ROBINSON. -We adjourned from the last meeting, considering this matter in private. We have sat over and over again about it in private, and it is rather curious that the proceeding should be questioned now. The MODERATOR . -Am I to take it that it is understood that we are to meet in pri- vate? The CLERK (the Rev. J. Ballantyne). -It is an adjournment from a private meeting. The MODERATOR. -That decides it. I must ask the reporters and any others not being members of the presbytery to with- draw. The presbytery then sat with closed doors from shortly alter 2 o'clock in the afternoon until about half past 6, considering the case of Mr. Dods. At the conclusion of the meeting the clerk read to the reporters a resolution which he said was all that he was authorised to convey to the press. It had, he said, been decided by a large majority that:-- " Whereas the complaint of Dr. Morrison accusing Mr. Dods of unsound teaching referred to certain sermons of Mr. Dods as sustaining his charge, and whereas a number of the presbytery alleged the necessity for inquiry, and whereas the court resolved to institute inquiry, and three times called on Mr. Dods to submit manuscripts mentioned by Dr. Mor- rison, and all manuscripts of sermons preached by Mr. Dods in the Scots Church between March, 1894, and June, 1885, these latter being thought necessary so as to arrive at a just view of Mr. Dods' teaching, and whereas Mr. Dods refuses absolutely to submit said manuscripts, the presbytery is now reluctantly compelled to declare Mr. Dods guilty of contu- macy." From this decision the elerie stated that the Kew J. Hay. the Hew W. U. J-'raser, and Mr. T. Baillie dissented und appealed to the General Assembly, and thus lurther proceed- ings ure stayed until the meeting of the nütíembly. ! Krom other pources the following particu- lars have been obtained rocardmg the sitting, whioh is Baid to have been a very quiet one : -The iollQwing letter from the Kev. G. Dods was ijrst read ex uratia, together with the report of the committee, informing the Pres- bytery that they could nut obtain from Mr. Dods the manuscript of his Bermons 113 called tor. The letter from Mr. Dods run : *' 11 bpring-strcot, Melbourne, May y, 1S6U "Rev. Janies Ballantyne, clerk to tho Presbytery ot Melbourne. "Revorpmi Êir,-I duly 1 eeeivod your letter inti- mating that thu Presbytery oí Melbourne had at its meeting ot the 20th of April adopted the following {osjlutiou :- 'That Mr. Dodd bo called upon, for tho third and laut timo, to an bin it to the inspection of tho presbytery thu MSS. of ecruiana preached by lihu lu Moots Uhuroh between ¿lurch, It»., and June, lodi», and to place them in the hands of thu clerk by 10 o'clock on Friday morning ; und further, that u, comimttco be appointed to confer with Mr. Dods as to the poriiçuti position lie oLcupiu, in refusing to comply with tho demand oí the picaln tery.' 'Minct tbe committee reten ed to in the second portion of tho resolution, und conferí ed v. 1th them. *'1 With reference to tho first poitïon of tho i-csolu* tton, 1 adhere 10 my original tleoision, and respect lully decline to comply with the loquost oí the pres- ho tery. Certain members of the eoimuiUeo sug- gested tliat my deollnattiro mlyht bo regarded by tho presbytery as contumacious. 1 humbly t>ubmit that at the pro-out bta^e Of iho proceedings this declina* turu is within my constitutional right-j. My action is certainly not intondid to be ooutumaoious, und 1 regard it us only legitimate fcclf-defcnco. " 1 declino to produce the Maa. oí my sermons, I 1 chiefly on the ground that I have not been accused of | heresy. Un Um Sith of March 1 received i-stroct minutes of tile incLtnitr of preabj tery of thqt dato, In which 1 Und a copy of * the statements made by Dr. Mollison m lils speech betöre thu prosbj tery, at its mooting on the 2nd Insu, relative to tho teaching of Mr. Dods,' and immediately thereafter a resolution 1 (idopted by the p»oub¿toiy tj 'call for tho production | of tut.su sermons, und all others preached iutho 000U Churoh between March lt>&i; und Juno l&S;ü.' 1 humbly submit tlmt tlie.e extract minutes do not cantaiu a charga of heresy. "I hat a other reasons for refusing to submit my MSS. to the inspection of the presbytery, which are of compatatUely little weight bustdo this constitutional! objection. 1 may, hoivover, mention these two., i'lrst, that the niauuBC-ipts of spuken tenuous aro not fair tests ot a ministers preaching or belief; ard, fccoondly, that as Ut, Morrison's bfcucmeuts and im- pressions aidalmobt entirely negative, to provu them 1 well founded would bo to prove nothing. ** In your letter of thetfth April 1 waa informed ' that the presbytery had resolved to »How ino until fiULh April to preparo my defence. I did not preparo any duience, because 1 did not understand then, and 1 do not understand now, who is my accuser, or w|mt Is tho charlie against which u defcuco can be prepared. 1 may, however, bo permitted now tu muka «anio I relc ronco to l)r. Morrison'» statement, which is thu I only tiling approximately resembling a charge which I lias yet come before my notice. I guve Dr. Morrison's statements an unqualified denial on a (ornior occa-' sion. I hex to repeat that denial, and to assert t|ut< J liavo never consciously preached any doctrine cou- ' trary to tlie doctrino of tho Presbyterian Church of Victoria-, , " tir. Morrison's statements fccctn to imply that ho thinks 1 hate const mu ted ior mjsolf a bysteni of theology whUh is contrary to the blandards of tho I'resby terian Church. 1 have never attempted to ; construct any buch s\eleni ol theology. At my, lluenco mid oidinatiotv 1 accepted the Westminster1 Cou fusion us the tontes-ion of my faith, 1 aceopt \t still as the confisMon ot my faith-not merely in what some uro pleased to call its essential doetilncs, but as a whole. "Due to examino Ltr. Morrison's statements lu detail, I **_.. Dr. Morrison asserts that *From Mr. Dcds's preaching, Bin in the sunso in which it is usod in tho acriptutts and in the Confession is eliminated.' 1 bo* I li ti vu that'sin is uuy want of conformity unto or transgression of th. law of God ¡' and 1 bellote that 1 teach that doctrine. i>r. Morrison goes on to sa), * and heneo tim m-cc-Sity for regeneration and tho work of tho Holy (spirit linds no place in II' I do not qutlto understand whellier that is au 'impression' produced by ni) preaching or au inference i rom Dr. ilorri-on'ö previous assertion. J believe in tho ucees* sity for regeneration and in tho work of tiio Holy Spirit, and I believe that th__o doctniicd aro contained in tuy teaching. Di.Mom_.au sa) s further that'ui my prcaohiug tho personality ot tho Holy faplut is Ignoicd.' And) et hu admit, that 1 use tho words .olory be to the Father, and to the Sou. and to tho Holy Ghost.' I cannot concetto by what right Dr. ¿.loi risen or any other niau asserts that 1 usu any sacred formula without attaching to it all the sanctity that th. usage of centuries has imparted to it. Furthermore, 1 bellote lu the personality and work of Iho Holy apiti.. " 2. Dr. Morrison ea)s-'The truo deity and divinity of our Lord aro not BO fur as 1 have heard distillcdy and unequivocally taught by Mr. Dods.' Dr. Morrison's phrase 'dehyand dithnty* is cither >aguo or tautological; but 1 nm prepared to assert ni) belief in tho explanation of it windi hu pavo to tho prcsbyterv-' 'ibu only Redeemer of God's elect is tho Lord Jesus Christ, who heiug tho c to ni al Sou of God became mun, and so was, and cotttmuelh to be, God and mau in two di.tinct nature, mid one pcreou for ever.' " Ho s» s further-' On the contrary our Lord holds tim same place as other great teachers, and is classed witli such ninnes iw Moses and 1'aul, Luther and Lah in, Carl) lu and Lmcrson.' " That u-sertlon inaaoïvith refiiroheri lo the tpioh ing of a Christian minister ia loo absurd to demakid moro than a bitro denial, which I hornby glvo it. ** ii. Dr. Morrison sais-'Ftoín Mr, Dods'a teaching tho Ubcttînc of thu Atouemeutas laid down lu pur, Standards is eliminated." ' " Dr. Morrison'^ scatement is \agne. I do not find cither in tho Confession of FuHh, or in the (Ja tech ionia an)-' concise.àtatcri'iolit Üi the 'doctrine of tho Atoim »newt 1 mav, however, Tcfcr to uue-tions 38, iii), and 40 of tho target CatcchUnt as the bo_t concise state- ment of.tho doctrine of tho rA- Oneuiont as 1 under- stand it, and tcaeh it. "ur, Monihon also sa)s-*Our Lord's literal re- surrection, If taught at all, is taught vaguely, un* satisfactorily, and equivooally.' I assert that posl lively, proQisel}, and satisfactorily, to m)self at least, I believe our Lord'« litoral resurrection. " 4. Dr. Morrison _a)s-'I have not so faros I re- collect heard a pro) er front Air. Dodd presented in the natiio of tho Lord Jesus Christ.' lim only ammcrlcan makolo that a.Bcrtiou is that in Aus- tralia I must lune oíTered up a thousand public praters ty h Ich Dr. Aloirison never heard. Uno of my most common forms for concluding aprayor is 'Grant us this graco for Jc.u.'salce.' "Dr. Alorrlsun savs finally :-'Tho whole tendency of Mr. Dodo's teaohfug Is d.structhu and rationalistic, calculated to undermine tho authority of Holy ¡..rip turo, and to obsuurcthe supernatural and miraculous lu religion.' '¿his statement is tajfuo, and may mean an) thi.ig or nothing, according to tho interpretation that one choo.es to put upon tho dille re tit w ords and phrases. According to any interpretation that I can put upon the words, 1 bell o yo that Dr. Uoriisou is mis tali on. '»1 shall feel obliged by your reading this letter to the presbytery, and supplying thu press with A cop). "lam, rovcreud sir, " Vour obedient servant, "GtOltüK D0D3." The firtît motion carno from tho Her. A. Hardie, who proposed u résolution declaring Mr. Dods to be quilty of contumucy, and sua Gending him «me die. This waa seconded y the Kuy. W. S. Hollund. Tho Kev. J. Hay then moved an amendment, getting forth that i una much as no formal charge hau been Inid against Mr. Dods, and seeing that his letter was a satisfactory statement ot his beliefs, no further uction should be taken except in proper form. This was seconded by Mr. T. Bull lie, und in the course of the discussion the Kev. \V, Gi. Fraser supported it. The discussion was solely as to proce- dure, and as to whether the court waa or wns not uctinR legally in what it wus doing. The ltev. 5. Kobmson said that he was not pleased wit|i the motion tabled by i\Ir. Hardie, and he moved an amendment (the one ultimately adopted),!' which' declared Mr. Dods guilty of contu- mucy, but said nothing about suspending him. The moderator left the chair for the pur* pose oí moving un amendment, winch would remit the whole question to the Assembly's decision. He was not, however, owing to his position, permitted to do this, nnd he there- upon made a »i.itcmeiit in the nature of nchiceto the Presbj terj, urging that tnere was an ambiguity- in the law of the Church ns to the procedure necessary to be folloyved in a case of the kind, and he stated that ho ivas not prepared to say Unit the Presbytery was acting in a strictly regular wuy noyv, although he had thought at larmer meetings that it was proceeding legally. He had come to the conclusion that its pioccdure yvas noyv doubtful. Tins view yvas taken also by the Kev. D. II. Ballantyne, who moved a further amendment in accordance yvith it. This yvas seconded by the Kev. C. Hell, of South Melbourne, and stated that, inasmuch as there was great ambiguity in the luyv in regard to de- manding manuscripts, the subject ought to be referred to the Assembly. Mr. Robinson's amendment, declaring Mr. Dods guilty ot contumacy, yvas in the end carried by 10 to 4, the minority consisting of the llev. ,1. Hay, the lîev. W. Groundyvater Fraser, the Kev. Dr. Macdonald, and Mr. T. Baillie. 1'rofessor Itentonl took patt in the debate, declaring that if Mr. Dods's letter represented his faith it yyas most strange that ho could not submit his Bernions as requested, and ho suggested therefore that there was something behind. After the amendment of Mr. Itobinson had been adopted, a discussion arose as to yvhat should be communicated to the press of the proceedings, with the result us Btatcd nboye, that lhe clerk was nistrueted to supply the repoiters with ii copy ot the resolution only. 