The Storyteller. The Treasure of Thorburns. CHAPTER XX. A SUNDAY LUNCH AT THORBURNS. BY FREDERICK BOYLE. To allow Mrs. Godseff time for preparing lunch, Eldred took his guests round the building, and pointed out the alterations he designed. No entertainment other than this could have drawn Mr. E iking from the cares and anxieties which pressed upon him, though in heart as in face he preserved his cool courage. Eldred also found a warm interest in the lore which his gue&t; poured forth, and the ideas he suggested. Thorburns had been a sacred thing to the Africander from bis earliest recollection, and assuredly it was not less ab sorbing now, when he had undertaken to renew its former glories— feeling desperately ignorant himself and advised to distrust the conventional authorities. As a matter of fact, Eldred knew better what was required than nine hundred and ninety-nine in a thousand of young Englis hmen who might have found'themselves in his position. He had tact also—that intuitive appreciation of the fitting which belongs to a man of intelligence who has not been corrupted by the barbarism of civilisation. Mr. Eaking commended all his ideas for re producing the appearance of the house as it stood three centuries and a half ago; that date was chosen because it was the earnest in which any sort of description could be found. A vast deal, of course, Eldred had been obliged to re construct from his moral consciousness, and it was flattering to learn, from an antiquarian so distinguished, that he had made no serious error. Mr. Esking was a good deal concerned about the gate towers, which he described as unique. Not a stone should be touched there, inside or out Eldred agreed with him, and, when his concurrence was established, Mr. Baking's approval of everything proposed became enthusiastic Kate and Mendel were frankly bored by his learned talk, and the pauses for dissertation. They wandered afield, exploring the neglected shrubberies, inventing grotesque legends, and laughing loud at their own fancies. They reached the Pool Dam suddenly, and Arthur was rewarded by an outburst of surprise quite as pretty and as clamorous as he had hoped. In fact, the view of that black water sleeping 60ft below, unseen behind a mask of trees which grew on the very edge of the precipice, was startling to nerves more robust than Kate's. " Oh, how awful!" she exclaimed, with eyes rounded and lips parted in unfeigned horror. "What a ghastly pit! Oh, Hilda! Did you know of this?" She turned and ran with graceful impatience towards the other party. "Mrs. Fanshawe has discovered our Pool Dam," I suppose," said Eldred. "Come and look at it, Miss Esking, from the stoop terrace, I mean." They clambered over the ruins of the ban queting hall, which had fallen outwards on this side, while Kate breathlessly described the dreadful chasm she had seen. "Here it is," Eldred said. " I confess that this ornament to my grounds is rather a dis concerting object to come upon unprepared." "It is, indeed. I havo ofcen seen it, you know, from the Tower, but a near view is muoh more striking. Why, Mr. Thorburn, I wonder that none of your ancestors had it drained, if only to find the Treasure. It must lie there." "Tradition says not. And, besides, I under stand that the pool was not dry at that time. Is it not so, sir? " I should not care to say, positively. Tra dition does not tell who made it; at least, your nncle did not know." " Indeed ?" replied Eldred thoughtfully. " I took it for granted that this work was carried out much later. My father thought so, I fancy. Anyway, Miss Esking, the Pool Dam was never associated with our Treasure." Kate had warily deacended the steps, Arthur in attendance, of course. She came up just in time to hear this observation. "Do you really believe that finny old tale?" " Most ct-rtainly, Mrs. Fan»ha#e." " Dear me ! And are you going to hunt for the Treasure ?" * The right of publication in Queenslandof "The Treasure of Thorburns" has been purchased by |ha Brisbane Newspaper Company, limited, "As soon m I can get tome necessary in formation." " May I ask what the information is?" " Certainly. I have to find out which is the oldest portion of my house. I hope to succeed to-morrow." Eldred felt himself bound by the convention to lay no trap for Mr. Esking before hostilities were resumed; and, much more, not for a guest. He did not even look towards him, until Hilda said: " Papa could tell you that, I should think." The blow was so sharp, suggesting that a clue had been found at last The father could not quite command his face. The smile upon it became a wiry distortion, and his voice was harshly irritable. " A mere student in architecture would tell Mr. Thorburn this wall behind us is de Warren's erection. The lower windows remain almost perfect—rare specimens of domestic building in the fourteenth century." Eldred looked at them. His excursions into antiquarian science told him that the statement was probable, and he glanced thoughtfully beyond, towards the walk, unseen from this point of view, which led to his neighbour's garden. " WelJ, I hope to know soon," he replied, maying on. Mr. Eaking longed to ask how, but dared not. He hoped somebody would put the question, but Kate interrupted. She under* stood partly what was going on. and began to feel alarm at the troubled she had raised—* physical discomfort,' not resistance. " Mr. Mendel says that the water is 50ft. deep. Can that be true ?" "So they say." "And not a boat on it, is there? Suppose Hilda and I were to fall in—what could you do?" "Heaven forbid! For myself, Mrs. Fan shawe, I could only drown with you, for we have no opportunity to learn to swim in South Africa." "That would be chivalrous, but hardly con* soling. Pray get a boat, at least, Mr. Thor burn." "Let me suggest a drag or two and a cork jacket, and a copy of the Humane Society's rules for the treatment, *a," said Mendel. " I will have them all to-morrow," Eldred replied with energy. " And I'm most grateful for the suggestion. There was a boat here formerly, I believe; it is lying full of water in the shallows, almost beneath your garden wall, Mr. Baking. Very thoughtless of me to over look the chance of accident. For God's sake, Miss Eiiking, come away from the edge. Her* is my man to announce lunch at last" "I was wondering," Hilda said, as she turned, " what could possibly be the object of digging such a pit. It's quite artificial, isn't it, papa? 31 " Quite. The brook is dammed half a mile higher up, and makes a little cascade. I imagine that when this pool was dry the water fall lay within sight, or hearing at least, of the banqueting hall yonder, and ft has gradually worked back." " A proof {bat the Treasure isnt there, sir I In the fourteenth century people didn't care much for waterfalls." " A shrewd remark, Mr. Thorburn; but lam not sure that it is safe argument. Anyhow, to make a cutting through a hill 00ft deep at least, and. as you believe, 100 ft, is a work which in later ages would cost an enormous sum of money. Only eccentric millionaires) could dream of such an undertaking now, and I may observe without offence that your ances tors have always been too much of the country gentlemen to have millions at their disposal." " And what then ?" Arthur asked. " Why then it follows that the Port could only have been made by labour more less forced—by corvee. If the work should oe found later than the abandonment of villainage, it must still be of that very early date when wages were little more than nominal" <rUnless," said Hilda, "the Thorburn who did it had an overpowering motive. He might ruin himself with the object of "»»Wng a death trap." "The very word I said," Arthur cried eagerly. " Depend upon it that ugly pond was sunk for the purpose of murdering somebody 1" They had reached the ball room. "I am glad to cut short their speculation," said Eldred, laughing. "They reflect upon my blameless forefathers to a degree quite em barrassing"—- -" Oh, I beg your pardon, Mr. Thorburn"—— "Don't name it—l was Joking! Will yon ladies take off your bonnets T Mrs. Godseff was standing in the hall to receive her master's visitors with due honour. "I am curiously interested in your Pool Dam," Hilda said, after greeting the house keeper. " May I ask Mrs. Godseff what people used to say of it in her young days ?" "By all means! I hope you have a dreadful legend, mother?" Pool Dam? Ay, there was talk of it, miss, when I was a girl. The old folks shook their heads and put us off, but now I'm an old woman myself I'm fain to think perhaps they didn't know more than others." "That doesn't promise, Mia Esking. Now, mother, will you send a maid to show these ladies to a room?" But Hilda had already taken off her bonnet without glass, and Kate, unwillingly, followed the example. The lunch was so odd that Mr. T!«Hng noticed it, though he had even greater per plexities upon his mind than before. " I cannot forbear to say, Mr. Thorburn. that you have found an original sort of cook/* he observed. "I am hardly acquainted with the science of antiquarian cuisine, but it vaguely seems to me that these are the kind of dishes I read about" Arthur exclaimed, "I'm so glad to hear some one say that! The extraordinary flavours and combinations I have met with in this house will never be effaced from my memory." " I declare for myself," Kate said, "that the point is, are they nice? You gentlemen who travel and study are judges of the eccentric, but we know as well as anyone what's good, and I protest that these rissoles of fish, if risaoles of fish they be, arequitethe moat delicious things I Hver tasted. What do you say, Hilda?" " I agree heartily. If this is the antique style of cooking, papa, pray find me some recipes for my book.' T " Perhaps it's South African," said Kate. " Something like it, I admit," Eldred replied, "but vastly superior. I seem to recognise the pure form of our fricadel in the dish you are good enough to praise, Mrs. Fanshawe. But my housekeeper is solely responsible." " Ah, Mrs. Godseff is a practical arcbtenlogiat! Ton must extract the secrets of her lore. HiWa." ' "If Mr. Thorburn permits, we will have a long talk preseiitly." And after lunch, whilst the gentleman smoked at table—Eldred bad not yet learned that English ladies are supposed to dislike the meU of tobacco—she and Kate sought the venerable dame in her quarters. The drawing-room bad been assigned to her, a small apartment off the hall, with the window looking towards the front. In old times it had another, blocked up centuries ago, when the banqueting ball was built. So roughly had the work been done that naked bricks and mortar stared oue in the face on entering, at the back of a deep re ess. •• Dear me !" Kate exclaimed sarcastically. "It's not that Mr. Eldrtd don't care about my room, madam," said Mrs. Godseff, answer ing her thought indignantly. "He'd fill the blank with gold if I wished it." " But I understood this was the drawing room formerly ?" Hilda remarked. "Aye; look at the ceiling." It had been whitewashed and repaired, as well as a country upholsterer could do it, before Mrs. Godseff came into occupation. But Kate only saw an old-fashioned arrangement in plaster. " What are we to look at in the ceiling ?" she asked innocently. "That's took to be the finest work in England, madam, executed by the Italian artists who carved the mantelpiece in the hall. And I can recollect when every bit of furniture and plenishing in the room matched it. Ah, sad changes ! In the old window there, it was filled with a bookcase, that poor Captain Thorburn sold in London for £725, not counting the books in it, which your papa bought, miss. " Well, the good times have come again, Mrs. Godseff, and that must be a great comfbrt to you. I want to hear all you know about the Pool Dam, and other things. Now, sit down and tell us stories." " But where are we to sit?" Kate asked, dis consolately looking at the worm-eaten chairs, clean now, but colourless with ages of dust and neglect. "They're quite safe, madam, and if old bones can sit easy on 'em, yours, ladies, should bo comfortable." "Of course, Kate! And you have your own chair which I used to admire at the cottage. Now, begin." " I must say that circumstances less favour able for the proper enjoyment of a ghost story were never designed. How could one possibly thrill and all that at 3.30 p.m., sitting bolt upright like a poker in wires? Tell us, Mrs. Godseff, which is the oldest part of this awfully venerable building ?" " The oldest part ? Why do you ask ?" " Mr. Thorburn wants to know," Hilda said. " We were talking of it." " And why does he want to know ?" Mrs. Godseff seemed strangely interested in the ques tion. She tapped her stick upon the floor im periously, and her features worked with senile anger. "Dear me!" said Kate again, but with another significance. " Mr. Thorburn seems to think," she added, watching the dame, " that the family Treasure is buried under the oldest part of this house." "Ah, Miss Hilda, hell listen to you! Beg him, for the Lord's sake, to put that out of his mind. The Treasure has been ruin to his fore fathers, and will be to him ! Ruin it was to the man who had it; ruin to the man—to every man who searched for it—ruin, ruin, ruin to all 1 Don't let Eldred go the way so many of 'em have gone! Ask him. Miss Hilda, for your sake, to throw it off I I look back over a many years, and us Ctadseffs have served Thorburns faithfully from father to sen, mother to daughter, since there was Thorburns in the land! Never nought but mischief came of the Treasure ! I beg of you, Hilda, to put it so before him. in the words you could use I He'll heed you 1 Dear me 1" Kate exclaimed, for the third time, with yet another tone. Hilda did not blush or pale. * 1 have given you no right, Mrs. Godseff, to ppose that I possess any influence with Mr. Ti rhurn. I know absolutely nothing of the bdh .r you refer to, and if 1 did it would be voi y impertinent in me to advise Mr. Thor burn. The old woman made no reply for a moment, gating in Hilda's face; then shook her head gloomily. " What must be, must! I've said my say, Miss Hilda, and you've heard. What was it lou asked, madam ? Oh aye, about the Pool km." " When was it made and why ?" "I have heard'twas a John Thorburn who did it, aad if your father has got the family tree as used to hang in the hall he could tell you when he lived. But things have happened in the Pool Dam. The lady there" " Mrs. Fanshawe," Hilda suggested. "Yes, miss. She would like something by way of a ghost story. Thorburns was never folks for such. I've heard Lord Roxton say, in this room, that it's odd there shouldn't be tho ghost of a ghost about such a ghostly old place as this—that was the grandfather of his lord ship now. But there isn't, so far as I've been told." "The Thorburns have always been quiet virtuous persons?'' Kate suggested. " Nay ! Enough of 'em have been wicked, and enough of em have cume to an awful ending to people the neighbourhood with ghosts. There wax Ralph Thorburn, as I was just think ing of. He manned a ship and fought agin the Spaniards, and the Queen knighted him. Then he asked of her Majesty* grace to join him to the heiress of Geneat of the Warrenage, who, as was well beknown, loved a young man of the Bolum. But the Queen gave her to Ralph, for it was the custom of those times that an heiress belonged to the Grown. And three days after the marriage her body was found in the Pool Dam." " Good gracious 1" Kate exclaimed. " Did she drown herself?" "Of course she did, madam ! But there was talk, and in the end Ralph restored the War renage property to the heir-at-law. He went to ■ea again and was lost in a fight." " A three-volume novel in halfa dozen sen tences ! You are an excellent story-teller, Mrs. Godseff. Pray let us h*»v«* some more." "It was before Ralph's time, I think, that the heir—l don't mind hi* name—was playing on the terrace with Jim Godseff, who was one of us, buh not my forest her. Tiny fell over. Eldred Thorburn suxid hy, talking with Sir James Bolum. He jumped in, cauj;hr, young Godseff, and brought him to the attus, torget ting that the children were dressed alike, being foaier-brothi ra Wh n Eldre<l sow his mis'alee. he pitched Jim Vv»ck a- fur a- h>> con d thro* ! Sir J*m9« Bolum savid h m, bur tt c h.'i.- *<i drowntd." " Dncid- di> I wrhlr-iw my "itii.u-n h-^t th« Thor burn* h»ve al #»> s been quitt and virtuous. Please go on 1" " Haven't you any prettier legends?* Hilda aaked, "Notthat I mind just now, raiaa—of the Pool Dam, that ia. Oil, u'u told that a young lady waa sitting on the parapet—l dou't know who the was, nor wliou it happened The wind snatched off her topknot aiid dropped it in the Pool. Hig Thorburn was standing beside her. He olungud, and in doing a>) he afterwards somehow put his foot out of j ant. He brought the topknot back, but lamed for life. I buppose doctors couldn't cure him." "The young lady married him, I hope?" " I never heard of it." " What an odd name, Hig ! It's short for aomiHhin!;, I suppose ?" "No, ma lam. There have been several Higs in the family. The great-grandfather of Mr. Eldred uho is now was christened so." "He was very fast,wasn't he? I think I ' heferd that the ruin of the family began with him." " It's true, miss! Eb, dear 1 What wild times they were when I tirst came to help my mother in this house!" She paused in dark reflection. " Mr. Therburn's great grandfather ? Why, he must have been very old when you were very young," Kate said. " Old in years, but the dovil kept him young for mischief! His son, Miss Hilda, wm a weakling, and so wa«j his grandson—that's (Jap tain Thorburn. No one cUred say nay to Hig. And «o it all came about." " What came about?" " Why, the devilry, for short 1 The younger grandsous, Ralph aud David, had npirit. They looked down ou their elder brother in a way, and when they got short of money they dug for the Treasure, and knocked half his home down." " Why didn't you stop them, Mrs. Godseff ?" " I was a wife then, miss, though I hadn't to change my name, marrying my cousin. And we was living far from this neighbourhood, in Leicestershire. It was when my husband died I came back, and Captain Thorburn gave me the cottage. Ah, I little hoped to be house* keeper at Thorburns again !" " You belong to the place like its ivy. Ah, these legends and recollections will be lost when you go. They should be written down, Mrs. Godseff, and I wish I could help. We must leave you now," Hilda added, "grateful for a most interesting talk. I have to ask you at the name time for another sort of recollec tions. We are all delighted with the Old World dishes served at lunch, which, Mr. Thorburn •ays, are your making. Will you let me have the recipes ?" " Certainly, miss, and with pleasure. They were my mother's and her mother's, and back time out of mind, I can't make V-tn as they should bo made, for our cook is not up to the old fashion; and, besides, I haven't the herbs and things by me yet. But tho recipes are at your service. And, Mina Hilda, I don' ask yon to do it again, but if the chance comes, or it you can strain a point, beg of Eldred to eav« the Treasure alone. Do, now." " But why not urge it yourself ?" *' Ah, he's Tborburn, every inch ! D'ye think he'd mind me? It would be a laugh and a joke first—if I went on he'd walk off—and.then a black look and a sharp word. But he'd heed you." Hilda blushed now, and retired without giving a promise. Tbey found Eidred and Mendel alone. The former said : " Mr. Esking could not wait, and he intrusted us with the pleasing duty of escorting you." Just a little surprised, Hilda put on her bonnet. The truth is that Mr. Esking could not re press his anxiety to learn by what means Eldred proposed to find which was the oldest part of bis house; how he had come to suspect that the Treasure lay there might be a question deferred. Not many authorities were capable of pronouncing—if on authorities he relied. The Clock.Tower might well be overlooked, for its upper floor and roof had been rebuilt many generations since, and the more ancient, courses of stone were mantled with ivy. Mr. Esking could think of one man alone in Eng land who would pronounce at a glance, and one other alone who would detect the truth to a> certainty if he gave his full attention. He had not need for much fimtte in ascer taining what method was design* d. Eldred said at once, in answer to a circuitous sugges tion : "I'm expecting a gentleman to-morrow whose name, I understand, is known to yon. since his father refers in a note to my learned neighbour's valuable contributions to our society. Does that give you any hint?" "I am very dull. What is the name ?" "The father's is Mr. Richard Onslow—l am not yet acquainted with the son's." . It was nearly all over ! Genest had deserted him, and if he had not gone over to the enemy his support could not be relied upon. And Waco Onslow was at hand W.thin twenty four hours he would be pry ing rouud. his musings aided and accompanied by that, everlasting cackle of laughter which antiquarian savants know so well. About this time on the morrow, they would rise from lunch, probably. Mr. Esking saw the whole incident in his mind** eye. Wace Onslow would not overlook the Gate Towers Within an hour, the pavement, would be up, or, if Eldred waited till the work- . men left, it would b« up before dinner. And, then, how could be have been ao reckless as to bury odds and ends of rubbish in filling the hole t The whole fabric ot Mr. Esking'g defence brok* up and disiolved. If it was uot yet proved that Tnorburn had a Treasure, the evidence was sufficient to *how that somebody had been digging in his ground within a recent time. And then, all the testimony of footmarks, of the vision, and the rest came in. Thorburn had a case at last, and George Genest was not trustworthy. It was nearly all over indeed ! Not even Mr. E^king's nerve was proof against this terrible threat. He could not com mand himself, and, after a few »fforta to sus tain the conversation, rose suddenly, complain ing of illness. Eldred fetched th« key of the garden «ate, and took him that way home. Ho s»id, as they went, in a grave and gentle man* ncr: "If you have anything *o pr po«, Mr. Esking, anything !-th»t I c*n accept—it i» not too late now, iior over will a» t so lone as I can control evert* 1 I a-vk only my ourp !'' "I h ore uo'ttiiiß *o say!" They pirted at the door. \\. *iv pir'y of y ui.t pcopl*l s-Toll'd along tb 'aml. *■•••> f>A I/i o '--1 ..-rj.r *lneh had h- c.» -it-- >'.i>..-.t V- .!■' i..). E i'r< il Arm H'M-tin fr>'.-. Kr «■•': >•• •■ ■ ■ ii r-ar E*ch • c<-iH>«> '■ uti I :t.: ,i') i .i.i, i . {. c, ».ut we are concerned only wuh the former. "Do you know," Hilda began, "that the dear old soul you call * motherris very anxious about you ? She let us see as much to-day, and «ra* h n.»k * neJ *hbouriy to teU yoa, Mr. Thor , Bn E'*'ed. I°° ked down at feet with stern Jnq-rry, but to aspect this pure and noble *•*« was impo, sible. Hi. brow cleared. in thVfiijJ?. "ffif it 6' ftb°Ut my interMt «,!nY? # 8 i 4 hfta brought ruin, ruin, B^l he said laughing. "• But tt» £!? i v croature refuses to show how a thtajr wmch has never been discovered fea» broucht Wn to anybody. I hare invited her to make •*» er case very often, but the evidence is noV. Toll coming. Did she lay It before you?" foio.rTnl^oo^Bß^" * Jot Kink*dSwS? 1 8° -***' did n '«? Rtf?* 16 *t er tO, teU l*» flK!t« that bear p on this matter. I aaP6 you^ Miw Es king, £*Ll« h*V\ no *feh t0 be rumed. On the K»t t« ?lt £ < v! loV «w«M»We case, .homing £"L*£ lo°k fr rmy own property, left by my &w;?£#!.V trj a deßo«ndwt who mo>t hand tt aown to fur are generations of his name—if it »«a wWi"* that. thiß obJect- which »*«"• to SiT^Wh, and indeed a duty, is mistaken, I not uaYhcn 15!" nOt tUI *"* ' emphaticaU y« hay* * »**««&■ sense of your rights, Mr. Thorburn, and a keen resentment for wrongs 1" He knit hip brows again, seeking if thrtw migfet be* purpose in this remark* Her tjyes ■let ha. this time, not faltering, bttt replying. «c answered, gravely: J " "I aupposo that oaen wb» have led my life •cone to regard their rights as doubly sacred, M»d their wrongn as doubly grave. In a poor country, Miss Baking, whoro many foes surround ono, these thing* are not mere questions ef taw and property, as in England. Jjifc depends on them sometimes, and always tho means of existence, so perhaps we 'Come to tak« what happier folks went* call an ••»H'«rorated view ot things." , , understand that,," said Hilda, in a tone *oT relief unmistakable. After aIL perhaps, iHus griovaucß against her father, which George in his excitemtet suggested an so grave, was a mrttcr which English people would think trifling. Kldred recognised this change, and pride, •lyalty, tesentment, all took alarm. .Vl*oi»'t make too much of what, I have said Jim regard to any special inst«uce. Perhaps * might be too exacting in certain circum- Vftances, bub there is no such case here." Hilda caught him up. " Where ?" she asked eagerly. Bidred pituaed, disconcerted. " I believe, Mr. Thorburn—l have been told that you «aar^e my father with taking ad> vantage <eC you?' '•€ am grieved and surprised that you should fcaye heard any such thing. May I *ik who was Momdiscrect and so heartless as to tell ?" , 'My father had the right to do so, and, since you associate Mr. Geaest in the accusa tions, I am grateful to him for confirming my suspicions. Now, I come to you." " But, if you know, what occasion is there to ask further?" "I da not know! They gave me hints, but •othitift more. Tell me all the truth." "But, think. Would it be becoming in me to *»»ke a confidence your father refuses ? I can •ot »ay a word, Miss Baking. Don't press me, I beg. It is impostible !" " Now tell me this. You make an accusation —•you assert that my father has wronged you seriously, and yet go to his house, you entertain him, you talk and laugh together. Gxplain that." >TU will suffice, perhaps, to point that Mr. Gracing knows the charge, yet he comes to wy house, he entertains me, and we chat together. Ask the explanation of him." "No! He may have motives; you can have none. He may wish to keep on terms, but you are the accused. Or, a» I believe, he may think your idea too absurd for serioui atten tion." " That is not the case. It was I who pro posed that we should be friendly. I felt the Motive." "What was that?" " I let you see it once, Miss Esking; and it vanished. But the compact remains until I •as. m position to prove my words. The end nay come shortly now. To-morrow, perhaps, I snail be able to do so." "To-morrow? To morrow, are you hoping to find which is the oldest part of your house where tho Treasure lies ? Is there any con nection between that fact and the charge you make against my father V He was silent, bitterly regretting his careless speech. "If you do not answer, I shall know there W "What is the use of this. Miss Esking? Within a few hours probably all will be cleared up. I will s»y this-if thy trial I expect to morrow fails, I will not pursue the matter further. I stake all on that, for I have suffered, and I suffer keenly now." "You accuse my father of stealing the Treasure—that is ie ? Deny, sir, if you can ! You cannot. And with tais suspicion you dared to say you loved me, the daughter of a thief ?" " I would love you," he said, with a gust of passion, "if you were the daughter ef a murderer." "Then I understand it all now, for I under stand you, Mr. Thorburn, and I despite you. You charge my father with theft! You, whose sense ot honour is so dull that, suspecting him as you do, yon are willing to ally yourself with him, to condone his infamy, and treat him with respect for the sake of a girl! It is enough ! If I could suppose for a moment that he was guilty, this would show the truth." "It is but a little time to wait!" Eldred answered, pale and fierce. " But I must correct you in oae point. It was never suggested that I gave up my rights, or abated one title of them, if I won you !" " Whit? You would still have prosecuted my father T " Prosecuted, no! But I did not put you in one scale and Justice in the other." " Call it what you please! If the proof you expect is forthcoming, though at that moment I had promised to be your wife, you would have gone on T' " How could I do otherwise?" " And what part was I to play under these cirenmstancf s ?' " I know not—but my duty was plain." They had reached the first door of Little Thorburns, and parted without a word. Hilda learned that Mr. Eektag had ordered the carriage at once, and started for the Warrenage. [TO m OODxmumD.] 