The Ghost of Fullerton's Paddock. [WRITTEN FOR THE QUEENSLANDER.] II. BY J.F. JONATHAN BLINKBODY'S story spread like wildfire. It completely superseded in interest "Misther Splutter's Soliloquy," as Pat Doolan persisted in calling the storekeeper's unique advertisement, and many atiff battles relative to the truth of the tale were fought under the store veranda on the day succeeding the elder's whist party. Thomas Suther was among the doubters. He maintained Blinkbody to be a " haverin' tipsy cbiel," altogether unreliable in hia state ments. Doolan took the other side. " There were such things as banshees in ould Ireland,"' he said, " and if it was a gintleman's pleasure to ' walk' in Victoria he didn't see how he could be hindered but by the word of the Sraste." Thomas having scouted the idea of a isembodied spirit taking its walks abroad. Pat stoutly reiterated his belief in ghosts and banshees—a difference of opinion which fur nished food for argument for our friends the beadles during the rest of the day. When Samuel and the boy were putting up the shutters they were still at variance; but a ter mination to their dispute was brought about at this moment by the unexpected approach of Jonathan Blinkbody, accompanied by his neighbour Mrs. M'Tavish, and followed by an excited crowd. Mrs. M'Tavish was talking at the top of her voice, while Blinkbody clinched all her state ments by the words, shouted in stentorian tones, " Hear to her! hear to her 1 it's the truth she's telling!" Thus encouraged, the Highland woman, who had caught sight of the storekeeper, darted forward, and, laying a detaining hand on his shoulder, poured forth a torrent of words in the Gaelic. " My good 'ooman," remonstrated Splutter, " my good 'ooman, if you would talk Henglish. I might be able to understand you." Mrs. M'Tavish complied with this request by addressing him in such English as she was mistress of. "It is fery true what Blinkbody hass said, Maister Splutter," queth she breath lessly. " I saw the ghaist yestreen, and an awsome thing it wass whatever." "Was it lie a skillington in grave-clothes!" queried Doolan, pressing forward. "It wass like nothing I ever seed, Maister Doolan. But white it wass, and it daundered round Fullerton's hut; and syn<* it took a bit gallivant round the paddock, and syne it sunk into the ground," Mrs. M'Tavish's account of the antics cut by the ghost caused the more credulous of her auditors to cross themselves; the sceptics, however, laughed outright. But a new turn was presently given to the conversation by the appearance on the scene of the Presbyterian and Catholic divines, Mrs. Jawkins, and Miss Splutter. "Oh ! Mr. Splutter, I shall $woom, I know I shall," shrieked the widow, and tottering, & la Sairey Oamp, towards Samuel, fell into his outstretched arms. This move on the part of Mrs. Jawkins was, perhaps, the reason why Miss Hephzibah turned on Mrs. M'Tavish and angrily demanded what she meant by terrifyiog people out of their teven senses with her Hilly stories. "Silly ! say you? But it is fery true, and that you will find if you wass in Fullerton's paddock, my cantankerous auld maid," retorted the Highland woman hotly. "Viper!" screamed the spinster, who for the moment seemed disposed to take summary vengeance on her calumniator; but, catching a glimpse of Mr. Oxeye's mild optics bent compassionately on her, thought better of it, and, gulping down her resentment, buried her wounded feelings in her pocket-handkerchief. Meanwhile Father O'Reilly bad drawn aside hia parishioner, Mrs. MTavish, and rebuked her for her rudeness to Miss Splutter. " Well, I will peg her pardoß since it iss the wish of your reverence," conceded the High land woman; " but she is a cantankerous auld maid." Pat Doolan had been waiting an opportunity to put in a word, and he now plucked the priest » coat-tails to draw his attention. "Yourrive rence," said Pat, " will surely be afther laying the ghost of the gintleman, or it's murthering Mrs. M'Tavish wid fright he will be one of them nights." The priest smiled and glanced at his brother divine, who was engaged in soothing Miss Heph- zibah. " I move," said he, raising his voice, " that Mr. Oxeye and I investigate this mys tery." ''And I second the notion," shouted Doolan delightedly. "Sir," said the minister loftily, "I am astonished at yon. Such a proceeding would be without a precedent." " You say truly," admitted the father. " Bat I must confess to feeling curious, and am will ing to sift the matter if you will lend me your aid." "Do you really mean to say that you credit the superstitious tale of this ignorant and vukar woman V exclaimed Mr. Oxeye, with double emphasis on the adjectives. " I mean to say nothing at all, returned the priest " But if some of these good people here will lead the way to the haunt of the ghost I vote you and I put him through his facings. «I—l hardly know how to answer so strange a proposition," stammered the minister. T< Of course you will go," decided Miss Splat ter; "I myself will accompany you." " We will all go," announced Mrs. Jawkins, coming out of her swoon as suddenly as she had fallen into it. " Hurrah! for Fullerton's paddock," shouted the larrikins; and, half-a-dozen of them having provided themselves with torches, the crowd wu soon in motion, hastening in the direction of thereputed haunt of the ghost First marched the torch-bearers, followed by Father O'Reilly and Mrs. M'Tavish. Behind them ambled Jona than Blinkbody. Close on his heel* came Mrs. Jawkins and the storekeeper, tho minister and Miss Splutter; the rest of the villagers brought up the rear. The road to Fullerton's paddock, distant nearly two miles from the township, lay through the bush, rather an uncanny place for » noc turnal ramble. Soat least thought ourfrienda the widow and spinster; for whenever a rabbit frightened by the glare of the torches, skurried across the path, or an opossum blinked at the party from the top of a gum-tree, they shrieked in concert—a display of sensibility which in duced very particular attention from their re spective escorts. Pat Doolan was greatly diverted by the amor ous behaviour of the minister and his elder. As a relief to his feelings he took to poking Suther in the ribs; and, when that worthy growled at him, made the excuse, delivered with a chuckle, that between jealousy of Mr. Oxeye and fear of the ghost he was quite off his head. On the approach of the party to the deserted dwelling of the suicide, the torch-bearers began to evince signs of timidity. Perceiving which, Father O'Reilly called for Mr. Oxeye, put a lighted brand in his hand, and, having provided himself with a second, advanced boldly to the fence that divided the haunted paddock from the bush road. The hut was situated in the centre of the field, and, con* nected as it was with an awful tragedy, not a few of those present felt an eerie feeling creep over them as they viewed its shadowy outline by the uncertain glimmer of the priest's torch. "If you are ready to enter, I am," remarked his reverence to his brother divine. "At your service, sir," shortly replied Mr. Oxeye. " But I must repeat such a proceeding is without precedent" So saying, he bestowed an eloquent glance on Miss Hephzibah, and. commending her to her brother's care, followed the priest into the paddock through a gap in the fence. __ Intense excitement now prevailed. The people crowding round the enclosure watched with deep interest the retreating figures of their pastors, whose progress to the hat was distinctly visible by the light of their torches. " I'm thinking it's like to be a fool's errand," quoth Suther grimly. "Begorra, but I'd like to see his reverence tackling the gentleman," cried Doolan. •• Sartain rare hell find him," said Jonathan Blinkbody. Here a cry from Mrs. MTavish made every* body start "There he pc, the ghatst his nainsell" she shrieked, pointing to a white object that had apparently risen oat of the Sound, and confronted the clergymen. At is sensational announcement Mrs. Jawkins and Miss Splutter threw themselves on the turf in strong hysterics, wailing and shrieking in so distracting a fashion that Samuel, notwith standing his admiration for the one and regard for the other, felt rather disgusted with his charges. But to return to the ghost layers. The onlookers had observed how the apparition interposed itself between the hut and them. They were not near enough, however, to hear the exclamation of terror wrung from the minister on recognising in the supposed spirit a savage looking white bull, which, being roused from his lair under the veranda by the light of the torches, advanced to meet the disturbers of his repose in no amiable mood. "St Patrick, but we're in for it this time, Oxeye," cried Father O'Reilly. "Down with your light, man, and make for the fence." And, setting the example, the priest dashed his torch to the ground and fled. Not so the minister. Paralysed with fear be stood stock still, convulsively grasping the flambeau, until the bull infuriated by its glare made a rush at him; then, uttering a piercing shriek, the unhappy divine, torch in hand, sped across the field closely pursued by the angry animal. Faster, ever faster, flew Mr. Oxeye, but the enemy was behind. His fiery breath fanned the minister's cheek, and his loud bellows made the heart of the fugitive rattle against his ribs. In despair, for he thought his end was at hand, the luckless cleric began to search his memory for a prayer befitting his present perilous position. Alas! hismind was a blank. Psalms, hymns, and prayers, all had deserted him in his need. Did we say all? Stay; one little petition is still his own—one that under happier circum stances he had been in the habit of delivering with unction, but now wrung from him in utter hopelessness. "For what we are about to receive may the Lord make us truly thankfuL" Such was the appropriate supplication that burst from his lips; for ere the "amen" was uttered the bull had pinned the unfortunate suppliant to the fence. After thus testifying his displeasure the animal walked quietly back to his lair under the veranda. On his retreat the priest and storekeeper hastened to the injured man's assistance. A little brandy from the flask of the former was poured down bis throat, which revived him wonderfully. He was heard to murmur: " Fat bulls of Basan close me in on every side." And then he asked for Misa Splutter. She was soon by his side. . . „ "My ribs are broken, and my heart also," said the wounded minister in a weak voice. , " Oh, dear Mr. Oxeye, you must not say so, I yon must not indeed," cried poor Miss Hephzy sniffing and sobbing. " Keep up your pecker, Oxeye," quoth the priest cheerily. "We'll fetch the doctor to mend your ribs, and Mias Splutter, I make no doubt, possesses a specific for a broken heart. " Shure she'd make a party bride," put in Doolan, winking at his reverence. " Hold your tongue, man, and give us a hand wi* the mattress,* said Suther. For by this time Mr. Oxeye had been deposited on ft mattress fetched from old Blinkbody's cottage, and the beadle was now anxious to get nil minister convev*^ home. Pat was as ready with his aid tm with his jest; there was indeed no lack of voiuinctrs, so that the transit of the invalid to the manse was speedily and safely accomplished. Mr. Oxeye's ribs were duly set by the surgeon, but the good recovery he made was wholly owing to Miss Splutter's skilful nursing. The ancient proverb, "When the cat's away the mice will play," was one day verified during her absence at the manse on her errand of mercy by her ungrateful brother, who seized the opportunity of eloping with Mrs. Jawkini te> Melbourne, where they were married. On their return they found the store vacated by Miss Hephzibah; she had gone bag and baggage. Perplexed, but relieved by her departure. Samuel asked Suther what had become of her. "Where should she be but at her am (raid man's?" replied the "Glasgow body* I never,"gasped Splutter. "Do you mean to say she's married ?" "Jestthat," assented Thomas. "The fact is," he continued, "the Rev. James Wellwood was here the day before yesterday—he's a friend o' Mr. Oxeye's, ye ken—and he buckled them. 1* " I was never so surprised in my .life,* declared the elder. " The verra words Mrs. Oxeye used when she heard Mrs. Jawkins had whisked ye off to Melbourne," said the beadle with a grim smile Samuel reddened, but seemed at ft lost whether to pass over or rebut the insinuation Sutber's words conveyed. He was saved the trouble of ft decision, however, by the oppor tune approach of Pat Doolan. " I wish you joy, Misther Splutter, wid ma whole heart, I do, and your good lady, too," cried Pat. seizing and heartily shaking the newly-made Benedict's hand. "Mr. Oxeye and you have won your ladies nately, and its mesilf as is plaised to see the coorse of thro* love runnin so smooth. Hooroo! for the party brides." And the Waterford boy cut ft caper and tossed his hat in the air. It was some little time after the elder's elope* ment before the manse unbent to the store, Mid although harmonious relations were ultimately established between the two families it is doubt ful whether the sisters-in-law ever entirely loved each other, it being on record that Mrs. Jawkina in talking to her husband of his sister in* variably applied the sobriquet of " vinegar* cruet" to the minister's wife. Nor was Mrs. Oxeye backward in showing a proper spirit. "That artful minx," poor Samuel's wife, was* when conversing with her intimate friends, her usual designation of the d-dtvatU widow. The Rev. Csesar Oxeye never forgave Father O'Reilly for what he was in the habit of tern* ing "his base desertion of an unfortunate feflow creature in the hour of need." He con* tinned to pass the priest with his nose in the air, nor would he acknowledge his repeated salutations. With regard to the white hull, he was no more seen subsequent to the night on which hi had figured so disastrously. But to the day of her death Mrs. M'Tavish clung to the belief that the minister's assailant was no less exalted a personage than the " muckle Deil himsel'." Thk further examination of the Archduke Bainer*s papyri at Vienna has led to the dia* oovery of an fntermting and valuable fragment of Hemer'i Odyssey. This copy date* from the second century. Hitherto these papyri were not known to contain more of Homer than some fragments of the Iliad. Australians should be decidedly proud (says " Anglo-Australian" in the Suroptam Mail) of the high position in the world of letters taken up by Mrs. Campbell Praed. decidedly one of the most popular novelists of the day. Mrs. Praed, who was a Miss Murray Prior, is a native of Brisbane, which accounts for the admirable local colour in such of her stories as "The Head Station"—which, Ilk* *' Policy and Passion." is a purely Queensland novel. It will interest the innumerable admirers of this gifted lady to learn that she is now engaged on a work, in conjunction with Mr. JustinM'Oarthy, M.P., which should be a highly successful venture. The joint prodne tion will dh entitled " The Right donourablw: a Story of Society and Politics ;" Mrs. Praed, it may be presumed, supplying the "Society" and Mr. M'Cartbythe r< Politics." The pub lishers are Messn. Ohatto and Windus. Hebe is a little experiment, and one wtiioh will prove matter for thought. Put a glove on the left hand, and then place the hand on the) ear of someone else. Next connect the right hand with a telephone-receiver, and the person on whose ear you have placed the gloved hand will hear anyone who may speak through the) telephone at the other end. The following order (says the Navaliand Military Qazttte) recently promulgated in India reads very much like a joke:—" When ever commanding officers have reason to believe the malt liquor supplied to canteens is too strong, they will bring the matter to the notice) of the commissariat authorities in view to ft test being applied." When ever did Tommy Atkins complain that his tot was too strong, we should like to know ; the real barley brew from the old country was never found too strong, hence we may rest assured the Nilgiri substitute will have to go up many degrees ero Tommy cries out too strong 1 Talking over the matter with Major the other day, w« asked him if he believed the stories about people in India fi ve-and-twenty or thirty yeari ago drinking a dozen of beer at a sitting. He said that at biff tiffin parties he has known ft man to polish off his dozen of Bass. But then nothing else was imbibed, and a tiffin party thirty years ago began at 1.30, and ended in time for the evening ride. He one* knew a chaplain, an enormous man, and as good as he was big, who used to drink a dozen of beer during a cricket match, but then ft cricket match lasts the whole day. The chap* lain was much respected on account of this, and of his many other virtues. Major — thinks everybody in lodia would be better for a glass of beer a day. He says that beer and pigsticking went out together, and their plaoat Save been taken by whisky and soda, and laws tennii 