TURF TOPICS AND ANTICIPATIONS.. BY Asmobeus. / Although the enterpriaing Gcelongeso oro: nlwaya the first to niako a sign attortho.lsfc of. August v;o have '.been acouatomeil for years past to lookupon tho Harvkebury, Spring Meet- ing as striking thokoyuototo the season proper. On Thursday tho inaugural ceremony took place at Clarendon and passed off satisfactorily, except ing an unpleasant incident in connection with the Public Auction Stakes, which gare rise to an unmistnknblo expression- of public opinion. The public, madb_n good 'start by selecting Pot Girl for tlio initial OTent, tho Spring Handicap, which the daughter o£ Rapid' Day won cleverly by less than d'linfetlr from Victory, with Alma third. To breeders andatudmasters tha result of the Hawk'eshury Guineas Was of course much more imporlant than the mqro.popular handicap ovonts, attd wlion tlio jockeys had weighed out the' numbers of sev,en ajulno aristocrats were show|t on the .starting board. Crossfire's .consistent' and brilliant running as a '2tyearold, coupletl .with- the fact .of her. hearing .tho always' dangerons: white jacket and black sleevos >«jf. Mr.'AY. A. Long, made her such', a hot lavorlto, that "5 to 4 on tvas tho .starting quotation.' The' Klrkhaih 'stable planed .thoirf faith to' Tamarisk, in whoso interest .tjio .Maribyrnong, Plate. winner, Acme, made the pace a craoker fromitho Btprt,' ,\vhllst tbo' Oliappes ,;of, Xoijf WilHamj'Coroban, Gentility and Kiugfish were; Iqokod ' upon as' beipg of "tho J most romoto descrlptbm ,' Acm'e perfprmcd' her. misaioh'so well' as to 'make "the" raco: faster thnn nuy. pwYidus mile has beon run in, but 1 win. 40 > sbe. ' fob young, 3-year-olds ' with 8 st. and 8 st, 5 lb, up. is1 almost too good' to be true; and. Iam not surprised that many .private . watches made:it slower.- Tho defeat of -Crossfire hyia neck was'a Bovero' blow to, the stqblo 'aqd . its followora, and.seems to have been a deoided bit ofhad'luok, "as .CdUoy'apppt'enUy; set 'hor: qn almost impossiblo task .by calling, .upon. Uor' tdo late, tho'reshlt.bqlhg a magnifiqdatly;' brilliant but unsndcessfui final strugglqi Kingfisll achiored'liis' victory by ehoor gameness aid .prdbabiy through ' tho lateness ef ' Cro'Ssflro's challenge," the ;SUceos3.of"tho Kow Zealander (jolng liniled with dolight by tlio ring, notiiany of whdm had written his naina The winner Conies of a raoing family; being by Pisoatorious — Yattorina, 'and thoreforo half ' brothor ' to Matolilock, who, like the 'Guineas . victor, , was lqrqd by Mr.; Wnltera. . Yntterina>was got by Yattondon— Koh'-i-uoor, ;by Vanguard— ICato, by ;Gratis- riirt, by Stehltrap— Brunette, by Bay Cameron..1 > Through Mb sire, Piscatorious, who, by the way, was also bred by Mr. AYalters Kingfish dlalins. tho, 'famed': fisherman blood, PiBoatoriouaboingby the princo'of tfewZealnnd stallions, Trnduoer, ,(rohv ahny Fisher, a ma re brodln:i855"by.Mr. Hurria , Fisher and got by Fisherman , from tho imported Lnunoolqt inare', Coquette nnd'it ionot surprising that a horse possessing"' sabh> d .oombination.'of. excellent strains as those whioh course through tho veins of -Pisohtorlous, -should- get a oolt canablo. of winning this or any other race in tho world. The selected of Mr. White's stable, Tamarisk, although only third, was less thnn half a length off tho winner, and therefore if tho time bo anything like correct the Kirk- ham stable must have looked upon the daughter of Guelder Rose as a trump card with which to open the season, as her gallop would have won 19 mile races out of 20. Tho victorious out sider was steered by Alee. Robertson, who has thus appropriated the first of the season's classic events. From tho way in whioh this race was run, the latter part of it especially, I am inclined to form a very high opinion of Crossfire's prospects for tho season, as tho daughter of Goldsbrough and Powdor came at tho right end, at a pace suggestive of bettor luck next timo over a longer distance. Since Burrilda ran third to Kewstead for tho Maribyrnong Plato ho has boon a disappointing colt, only succeeding in occasionally getting either second or third ; but iu the County Purse he showed an unmistakablo return to bis best 2-year-old form by beating Folly and Hogmanay by over three lengths and running the mile in 1 min. 44 sec. Such a capital go of courso atoncossnt him up to the top of tho quota tions for tho Hawkesbury Handicap, for whioh bo became a hot favorite. Arista, the winner of tho Public Auction Stakes, was followed homo by Rebus, Ruylstone aud Bonnie Bee. , Tho running of tho laatnaraed gave rise to tho unpleasantness above referred to, and was tho subject of investigation by the stewards, whoj however, were ooutout to censure tho owner. Tho courso pursued appears to bo absolutely absurd, and It is not surprising to hear that the spectators froely expressed their con- temp tfor the stewards' action. When a horse is apparently never alloyved to extend himself until tho race is virtually over and then with a suddon and wonderful rim gets within two or threo lengths of tho winner, in tho absence of satisfactory explanation, censure is a perfect farce, and the Hawkesbury stewards evidently require waking up to a sense of their duty. Paladin wound up a good day's raoing by winning the September Handicap, with Hero's Luck second and Toronto third. ' Tho Spring Meeting of tho IVyndam Racing Club has been fixed for Friday the 5th Novem ber. To-day tho running will bo taken up with the Membors' Handicap, for whioh I fancy the chances of Straight Shot, Rocruit and Specula tion in tho order named. The withdrawal of Crossfire from the Produce Stakes would ap pear to leave that event at the mercy of Mr. J. White with either Tamarisk, Aomo or Neophyte, and" Thursday's running justifies a plumper for tho first named, against whom neither Lord William nor Gentility would seem to possess a ohance of reversing the Guineas Jiat. I shall, therefore, anticipate a tolerably decisive victory on the part of TAMARISK, who may be followed homo by Acmo and Genti lity in the places indicated. Bumldu's easy victory in tho County Purse has caused lrim to become a groat favorite for the Grand' Handicap, tho field for which pro mises to bq unusually large. Tho winner will, I fancy, ' be found amongst tbo following half- dozen,, namely, Meteor, Folly, Burrilda, Tho Jewel, Lancer and Sorolla. Burrilda has yet to proyo hia ability to stay, and as Folly encoun ters him on 7 lb. better terms than whoa she finished second in tnO County Purse it would not surprise me to see the peculiarly marked ohestnut maro avonge herself to day. I enter tain a great regard for The Jewel, with whom Mr. .Mayo '.entertains hopes of repeating tho Prince Imperial coup ; while Meteor's form this season is suflloiently good to war rant tho anticipation that there is a j ohanoo of .the prize being brought across tiio border. In fact, I ontovlnin a decided partiality for the St. Albans represen tative, and I shall bracket him with Folly and The Jewel, awarding the preference to . . ; meteor. : ; In tho Two-year-old Stakes Fidelity, Outcast or Clarion may bo tho first to arrest Mr. Town's attention nnd in tho absence of Ellington, Arista should bo equal to scoring another success in tbo.' Disposal Stakes/ Ellington, Hero's Lnok or Bonnie Boo may form the lead ing division in the homeward march for tho Ladies' Bracelet On Mpndiiy. next, tho 13th Inst., ontrios close at the V.R.C. office at 4 p.m. for the Hunt Club Cup and Handicap Flat Race, to bo ran at the.M.'H.C. meeting at Flemlngton on the 2nd October; ;Tho Hant'Club Cupis a Weltor Han dicap Steeplechase of 100 sovs., lowest weight: fiottobqloss-thanlO st 71b. for. horses that have boeri hunted fairly during the season and for amateur riders, distanoe 3' miles. The Han dicap Flat Raco is certain to attraot a largo entry',- boing over 1 'milo of ground and having 200 sovs. added. /Entries for tho other ovents qt this mooting; will, not close until the 20th inst . . .... , The fact of sixty horses accepting for tho Caulfitdd Cup points to another big field. Still, approaching ovonts in Now South Wales aro bouh'd te'dcto'rmlno tho prospects of a number of candidates, and when tho timo arrives for tho competitors to be marshalled . under tho s'tartqr's 'flag! erpeot to soothe numbor fall abort of last yoar's register. Silvermine con tinues to bo . greatly fanciod, and provided nothing,' interferes with his preparation, ho promisos . "to start a great favorite on tho daj\ Tho Caulflsld savant, ore im mensely . . ploasod with the improved ap- pearaneo-. of tho black since Foulshnm's romovnl to tho' head' quarters of tho V.A.T.O., hud despite mysterious . allusions . to Bonnio Boon, thero oah bo little doubt that tho son of Napoleon is the Simon Pore of tho stable. Hon Bolt is -another local candidate for whom a strong pinchant has recently boon displayed, and 'an his form at.Rnndiviok last ihtdsummor was something out'of the common, the Queens land bred horso may bo fully deserving pf all the patronage ; recently extended to him. Another' animal that continuos'to travel woU fa tho markot is -William Toll, and provided tho speedy ohestnut can only stay, his ,olaims cannot bo inferior to those of Silvermine, whom he encounters on 5 lb. moro advantageous terms than when he so effeotually silenced him in the Newmarket Handicap. The impending be havior of Cerise and Blue, Mozart, Maokay, Silver King, Meteor, Arsenal, St. John, Zoho, Burrilda, Corday, The Orphan and Astrcea should furnish some indication of the prospects of what at present pose as a formidable de tachment. With horse3 like Sheet Anchor, Coronet, Britisher, Country Boy, St. Launcelot, and Recall to select from, an important commis sion may at any time receive assent from Dowling Forest, though as yet no authenti cated move has presented itself. Silvermine and Ben Bolt have so completely CAptivated the touts at Caulfield that little attention is paid to tho other locally trained candidates, oi whom favorable accounts are rife respecting the doings of such representatives as Grace Dar ling, Bohemian Little John and Bonnio Doon. At Flemlngton, nothing is faring better than Quinten Matsep, whoso weight, 7s. 7 lb,, should materially assist him to stay tho course. Remus is another improving animal, and the pair may be bracketed with Losbia and Dnke of Athol as tbe pick of the Flemlngton trained division. As previously intimated, imminent events in New South Wales may reasonably be expected to considerably altor the prevailing aspect of affairs in connection with the Caul- Held Cup. Tho leading 2-yoar-cild performers of the' pre sent season, Sunshade, Matador and Flrobrace are conspicuous by their absence from the list of candidates for tho Caulfleld Foal Stakes. There is, nevertheless, some promising talent represented in Epicurean, Prattler, Wllara, Trust, &c.; , and as there is a clianco ot Now South Wales being represented by Yetman, and South Australia by Perhaps, Guesswork's sister, the contest will not be devoid of intercolonial interest. ' The elder colony will be more strongly represented in the Guineas with each a formid able team as Blairgowrie, Volcano, Acme, Ches- ham, Maddelina, Tamarisk aud Lord William, and as Viotoria's chief hopes will be centred in less reputable performers like Munwyatina, Donald, Dividend, Mainsail, Gadfly, Bichworth, &e.;, our chance of successfully opposing the in vading forces Is of a forlorn character. Mr. Cox appears to be a favorite with tho clerk of tho weather, and. tho pleasurable con dition of the elements on Saturday last was only in accordance with tho customary order of things experienced at Moonco Valley. What with imposing fields and fairly good finishes thore was nothing to complain of in the matter of sport, while the satisfactory "gato" and the substantial return reaped from the Selling Raco placed things right with the promoter. Backers made a bad commencement by fastening on to Car nival for tho Spring Stakes, though had the favorite got well away it is more than probable that she would havewon, as she displayed a rare dash of foot in making up her lost ground. Tho effort, however, took too much but of her, and Wllara was enabled to win easily from Patlenoo, who started a pronounced second favorite. Tho winner is a compact little filly by Wild Eagle, from Aurora, and bred in South Australia, her dam being by The Marquis, from the imported Sunrise, a daughter of Saunterer. Wilara lacks nothing on tho score of breeding, and may dovolop into a very useful performer on behalf ot the Messrs. Miller, who scarcely an ticipated the filly's victory over tho better per formed Carnival and Patience. A grand looking colt is Ormonde, by the same aire as Wilara, from the beautiful Troy, and another youngster that clicied admiration was Liedertafol, by The Drummer, from Melody, dam of Melodious and The Broker. Offers of 20, 30 and 50 to 1 against certain horses told of a number of dead 'uns amongst tho candidates for the September Handicap, tho only two backed for money boing Honey Boo and Mabel Gray, which pair were split by Tichborne, who ought to have won had he been as artistically ridden as tho winner, on whom the successful 'light weight; Gorry,. made a very creditablo finish. He, howover, displayed suoh oxtremo anxiety to get away on tho favorite as to necessitate his stand ing down for a month, and is thus doprivod of important engagements at Hawkesbnry and Bindwick. Genoo was voted the correct thing for the Corinthian Handicap, but ho was novor once dangerous, and the raco proved an easy win for Dougalston, whose temper has considerably improved since he underwent tho oporation' of tho knife. Nabooklisli's victory in tho Steeple chase was the surprise of the day, and the same gave the fielders a rare turn. Allen made an excel lent raco on tho outsider, and had Torang been driven home with tho samo nrtistio determina tion, positions might lrnvo beon reversed. Brown Eagle's indifferent display, coupled with peculiar market developments, causod Wil liams, his rider, to hold audience with the stewards, who cautioned him to be mora careful of his riding in future. Although Mabel Gray inoountorod Sorcoror on 12 lb. bettor terms than when sho so "easily- vanquished him earlier' in tho day, sho failed to got near him ia tho Selling Race, and it wns a matter of surpriso that tho stewards did not inquire into tho cause of' .such inconsistent running. Tho samo certainly needed explana tion. Mr. Thompson must have hold an opinion of his own on the subjeot, otherwise ho would not have clomanded hor to bo put up and be come possos3cd of her for 145 sovs., whilo ho pormitted hor vanquisher, Sor cerer, to pass for 35 sovs. AVhatovor may have caused tho loviatban to so worthily fill tiio rS!c vacated by tbo irrepressible Wookes, his action was much relished by the onlookers, and a hearty' oheor went forth when tho maro wns knocked down to tho king of the ring. Lesbia was selected as the medium of a general ' recovery" bv those who wore to tbe bad on tho day's transactions, and tho ease with whioh tho favorite won quite justified tho liberal measure of support awarded her. Canlfiold is overhauling Flemington hand ovor hand as an important training centre, and at the present time, with about 120 horse3 in work, the heath presents a most lively and attractive appearance. The I V.A.T.C. committee are evidently willing to offer every facility to trainers, who were especially gratified at hearing last week that . horses in preparation for tho Caulfield or Mel bourne cups or Victoria Derby are to be allowed the use of tho oourse proper threo times a week when tho weather is sufficiently favorable. Last Saturday I had only time to announce the bare fact, tho importance of which, how ever, cannot bo over estimated, and it will not surprise mo to hear that between this and the Spring meeting stabling accommodation at Caulfield will he at a high premium. Considering tho remarkable success that has of late years attended Caulfield trained horses it Is not suprising that owners and trainers show an increasing deslra to locate their charges and thomselves in tho salubrious atmosphere of the south-eastern centre of raoing stables. Locally trained horsed have asserted themselves especially in tho Caulfield Cup contests, of which they have won three out of the eight run (I might almost havo said four, for with the greatest respoot for of- Doial ruling I have never been able to persuads myself that Master Aveael or anything else beat Woodlands), and this alono should be a reflection bringing self satisfaction to tho backers of Silvermine, Ben Bolt, Western, <5kC.,' who will fondly hope, and not without justifica tion, for a repetition of thedonghty deeds dona by a Tom Kirk, a Calms, or a Grace Darling, AU the surroundings of Caulfield are pleasant, and worthy of the importance of the place with tho single exooption of shed accommodation, whioh is at present lamentably insufficient. The number of horse3 using tho Caulfield tracks bas, however, so rapidly Increased that this is not to bo wondered at, and I have no doubt that Mr. Bond with characteristic energy wilf soon have the complaining trainers' wants fully satisfied. The Soiling Race afforded quite a stirring in cident in connection with last Saturday's affairs at Moonee Valley. Sorcerer had no sooner been bought in for £35 than tlio auctioneer inquired whether there were any others claimed. " Yes, Mabel Gray," re marked the proprietor, who has a keen appre ciation of profits derived from tbe plating fraternity. The bidding had no sooner started at SO sovs. than it became apparent that something unusual was on the tapis, especially when the stentorian voice of the loviathan was repoatedly heard to exclaim " Another fiver." Thus tho game was kept up till £145 was. offered for tbe daughter of Aladdin, and tha stable crying a "go" the mare was knocked down to Mr. Thompson amidst a round of applause. Tho postponement of the Wimmera Tnt_ Club's meeting from Saturday last till Tuesday cannot be said to havo been a disappointment to tho good folks of the Horsham district/ it having been brought about by a fall of rain, which has 6et the country and its occupiers smiling. Tho meeting was successfully held on Tuesday, tho day preoediug the show, and guvs general satisfaction to all concerned. Fish, Dingo and Strainer finished in thas order fo> the Hurdle Raoo, the Handicap Flat Raco fel to Fcrnlea, followed home by Tory and Se-' quenco Flush ; Lucifer won the Steeplechase, with Niggor second and Fairfax third, and in the Selling Race tho places were . filled by Strainer, Seashell and Helena. An interesting day's sport concluded with tbo inevitable Haok Raoo invariably popular at country meetings, Rover being the local hero on the occasion. £ Tho members of the Northern Hunt Club held a very successful meeting at Rosehill on Saturday last, when some good racing was witnessed, though the same was not of a character calculated to exercise any pertinent influence on coming events. By.fdllowing up his Rand wiok victory, Bound gave evidence of being the coming horse over the small stioks in New South Wales. Mr. E. Terry, successfully steered his own horse Cymbal to vio'tory in the Hunt Club Steeplechase. In tlid 'Selling Race Arista disposed' of an old rival in Robus, and B.Y. placed the Flying Handioap to tho credit ' of Mr. Cornwall. Mr. Haydon is in tho field. with his October programme for Elstornwiok Park, which will again sandwich the two days of tho Caulfield Cup meeting. Fust comes the second Aus tralian Trotting Siros' Produce Stakes, open to the progeny of Walter Scott, Contractor, Boccaccio, Von MolSte jun., Len Rose and Vermont jun., whioh has closed with 48 sub scribers. The Sovornside Cup is a Time Handi cap Trot for a pnrBo of 60 sovs., and n oup pre sented by Mr. F. Robbins, and valued at 30 guinoas, distance 3 miles. Tho Hurdle Race and October Handioap havo each 75 sovs. added, and tho Open' Bteoplochase of ' about 2 milev, 100 sovs. Following this is a Selling Race, and the Elsternwiok Park Handicap of 100' sovs. complotes a programme of seven events, which, would havo been improved by judicious curtail ment. Tho 60 'sovs.- given to the dfceond- trot, for instanco, if divided' between tho too moagrely subsidised Hurdle Race and October Handicap, would have been oxpended.to hotter purpose. Tho meeting takes place on Wednesday, the I3tb October, and entries close on Monday.tho 4th prox. -J. ./ , _ Donald Dinnie has got himsolf into trouble with tho Elstornwiok Park authorities. When taking part in tho Time Handicap Trot at the last meeting tho brawny Highlander did not think it necessary to weigh out in accordance with the usual custom, and for this broach of the rules ho has been disqualified for six months. Mr. W. S. Cox may consider the 'success "of tho Moonoo Valley Cup meeting already assured if ono may judge from the entries, oombinlng quantity and quality, which were received on Monday. Tho Moonco Valley Oup, with its re-i spectablo bonus of 300 sovs. and a 50 guinea trophy, attracted 56 entries', and it only remalntj for the handioapper to put such performers aa Pocahontas, Isonomy, St. John, Mentmore, Umbra, Edith, St. Odille, Middlemarcb/.TTnw berto, Dunlop, Boolka, William: Tell, Gadfly, Tho Ghost and Damocles well' together to: on euro a great go over the 6J furlongs.1 -ffhirtyi ono 2-yoar- oldst have heen nominated- for thjj fit Albans Handicap, including Eeveral who bare recently shown promising form. Recent events in connection with the punish ment of jockeys for disobedience at the post open up to my mind an aspect of the affair which singularly appears to escape the atten tion of both starters and stewards. The fines and punishments continually inflicted are in variably borne by these who are persistently endeavoring to get off well, and therefore it is reasonably to fce assumed are desirous of win ning. Experience has taught mo that deluys at the post are not infrequently due to the action of those jockeys whose game is not to get away well, but we never hear of one of these accom plished waiters being even called upon for an explanation of his dwelling propensities. I have spoken plainly respecting the severity of the Caulfield stewards' punishment of Sanders, and I regret that the sentence was, to my thinking, unnecessarily severe. In the more recent case of Gorry, it is said that the lad was impertinent to Mr. T. Watson, and in that case nobody can find fault with the sentence imposed by the Hoonec Valley, execu tive, which, moreover, may exercise a beneficial restraint upon a good lad, whose phenomenal success might easily prove too much for so young a head to bear with good balance. . At the same time, it appears to me to be very hard the culprits should always be selected from . amongst the "triers," whilst the. " stiff";' divi sion are invariably allowed to escape see., free, although their game i6 frequently as. apparent as that of the boys who are 41 on the job." . I should like to see an ; occasional steward, of Mr. H. Smith's stamp devoting bis attention to this subject at the poet, and f am hopeful that euch a course, would do a great deal towards, turi reformation. Mr. Lewis's efforts in the pigskin at Mocnee Valley have not been of a very happy nature. At the August meeting, this horse man, it will be remembered, weighed out for the Corinthian Handicap, - but he was late, and after being fined . he- bad the mortification of seeing the flag drop while en route to the post. On Saturday last Mr. Lewis again donnedsiik amongst the Corinthians, and although he took every care to pass the scales in time, he was equally unsuccessful in taking part in the race as on the preceding occasion. His mount, "Wymeric, evinced a strong disin clination to join the field, and after careering over the course, right and left, Mr. Watson's patience became exhausted and be dropped the , flag without the erratic Tasman and his un fortunate rider. The V.R.C, Sires Produce Stakes, to be run at the Autumn Meeting of 1890 will require attention on Monday, the 13th inst., when sires must be nominated "to the V.R.G. or A J.C. secretaries before .4 p.m. Each nomination must be accompanied by a promi66orj note for £20, made by the owner or his attorney, payable on the 1st .February, 1890, to the secretary of the Victoria Racing Olub. . Visitors to Victorian , racecourses will miss for a time the familiar figure of Mr. E. Weekes, who is perhaps as well known as any racing man in Australia. Immediately alter a. Selling Race, no matter where held or .who' might :bo the winner, "Teddy's " rubicund visage sur mounted by the jauntily cocked " boxer" has Invariably been seen in a prominent position amongst those surrounding the auctioneer, whose efforts in a majority of cases ended in a nod accompanied by the final words, "Mr. "Weekes." He has departed in the Baoooora on one of his. periodical trips to India, taking a draft of horses that should pay tbeir way well, the number including the veteran hurdle racer FuBilier, Chatsworth, Primus, and a selection of useful sprinters in The Jeer, Stoncbroke, Cuba, Brella and Dulcet Mr. Week©3 ap parently intends to try conclusions on- the Indian turf with Lord William Beresford and Co., having taken, with him the well known Caulfield jockey, A Blair. Mr. 8. Miller, has.added Impulse and Rich- worth to his string in Bellamy's charge. The daughter of King Cole had no chance of carrying the crimson jacket to the. front at Moonee Valley, ' being . left -at the -post; but she has before shown horself to be -a . smart mare, capable of covering a distance of ground in good enough time to shake up- the best of them, witness her Elsternwick Park victory over Black Diamond, Agatha, New York, Achmet and others, when she ran the milo and a furlong and a half in 2 min. 5| sea, steered by poor little Flanagan, . Owners of horses engaged in the A J.C. Derby must remember that forfeits (£5) hiive to bo declared not later than 4 p. m. ou Friday next, tbeT7tb iust, At; Moonee Valley on Saturday last Mr. T Watson officiated with the flag in The absence' ©f his father, whoso . seneo of hunor and duty called him to Werribeo Pork to direct the movements of the Melbourne' Hunt, in the presence of his Excellency the Governor and Lady Loch. The . younger Watson was fairly successful with tho flag, his dispatch of the . Eeilor Handicap field being a particularly happy one. . Mabel' Gray has joined J. . Morrison's string at Flenington. Tho show of blood 6tcck at the agricultural show, held in Sydney last Aveek was apparently far superior to the meagre display at Melbourne. The championship was awarded to Monmouth, by Yatlcndon— Ludy Chester. After being offered at auction several times, and occupying for many months a place in the private sale lint, tho whilom New Zealaudcr, Wolcomo Jack, has found a purchaser in Mr. D. Maclcay, of Singleton. Welcome Jack ie by Traducer from Miss Fiat, and a great performer on his native heath,' but a failure in Aus tralia. . , - "When. tho jovial Weekes took his departure for India last week promoters of felling races lookedforward to dull times iu that particular \- branch of tho.gate money business, and . tho unexpected turn affaire took nt M'joucc Valley last Saturday must in consequence have bum : . as surprising; as, it was accppiablo to ilr. Cox, who mado a clear profit of £146, aftor defiay- . . Ing the amount .of . the stake. The sutolinga bold periodically at places liko Moouee Valley and Elsternwick Park show gate money rac ing to be a very payable game. On Saturday last the amounts derived from entrance and nomination fees, together with the Selling Plate returns, were £42 in excess of the sums distributed in stakes. Taking into account this surplus and a bumper gate thrown in, Mr. Cox must have had an exceptionally good day on Saturday last 'Tie, however, no more than his enterprise entitles him to. It is rumored that the committee of the Syd ney Driving Park Club contemplate purchasing or leasing a piece of ground near the Randwick racecourse, and laying out a track suitable for trotting and racing purposes. 41 New "Warrior," in the Tribune, remarks that judging byMr.Kean's substitution for Mr. Gan non as 6tarter recently at RosebUl races, in ac cordance with the latter's request, and tho at tempted repetition of it at TattersaH's meeting on Saturday, it is reasonable to suppose that Mr. Gannon is slowly but surely tiring of the unthankful office he has held for such a long time ; and as there is just now. more than ever before, a great rage for the abolition of stand ing etarts in favor of walking ones, the new comer, if there is to be one, would act wisely in at any rate giving the well tried English system a fair trial. A Sydney exchange remarks that the rumr .which originated in Melbourne that Mr. James White intended sending a portion of .his string .to. Caulfield to finish. their preparation for the coming Spring Meeting of the Y.R.C. turns out to be unfounded. Mr. Macdonald will leave for Melbourne in a few days with most of the horses now training at Locklev6. but 1 44 TrumDator" am afraid thfc team iB not regarded as a strong one this season. Lord "Wilton and The Israelite hare both been scratched for the Caulfield Cup, and the latter will not go to Melbourne.. St. Julian and Success have been taken out of the Caulfield Guineas. Repose is being trained ' for Mr. Blackler by Geoghan, and she remains in the Guineas. The liquidator of the S.AJ.C. Company having failed to dispose of tho Morphettville course, the whole of the property has fallen into the hands of the Queensland Mortgage Company. It ia said that Mr. W. Pile has leased the property for a short, term.. The mortgage and interest on the property amounts to about £7000. ' South Australian bred horses have borne a prominent part in the. turfy affairs of the oolony, not only on account of the number of rich prizes they have won, but owing in some instances to certain- sensational surroundings. The latest instance is Ned o' the Hills, who won the -Adelaide Birthday Cup in 1884. Ou Mon day this son of a Champion winner failed to elicit q higher bid than 32 guineas at Kirk's Bazaar, thus repeating in himself the experience of his aristocratic fellow colonist, the jade Conjecture, who never earned her oats after that plucky buyer, the late Mr. Matthew Bryant, had paid four figures for her. . The racehorse Ned o' the Hills, by Pride of the Hill— fEuterpe, was sold at Kirk's Bazaar on Monday for 32 guineas. Our Sydney correspondent telegraphs" that it is rumored .that Mr. J. P, Jost ha« purchased the Grange stud, near Brisbane. Mr. Gannon, the. well known starter, intends to give up the flag. : The following scratching have been made at the office of the Australian Jockey Club: — County Purse: Happy Thought, Rosebud, Gozo, Highland Mary, " Corday, Activity." Guineas': Kingsgrove. Members' Handicap: Activity. Produce Stakes : Campanula. 