CAULFIELD TRAINING NOTES. flstorisr. Vzby threatening morning, with north wind blowing. Work eommraoed aoOn ifjw five, with Lady Ash ton mil Iitid a good useful round in company. Jack Roach, after oanterinur. not in a rand ing gallop over two miles. Carnarvon and Eugene, joining?! the mite, ran five or six furlongs with the Cup oandidate Utile John, with 8. Cracknel! in the saddle, galloped the Oup distance, King of the West aooompaojing him the first, and Jim Grin the last half of the journey. The old home did not finish well, I thought, and the rife oc cupied was not op to bis average. The Bohemian, aooompanied by Dougate- ton, put id a etrong round, tbe Cup candi date having previously covered the eame distance at good half paoe. Gerald Ine strode onoe round at nioe useful paoe. Epicurean and Tbe Wave brushed home from the five furlongs. Mia Mia covered about a pile for good striding work. Tbe Loafer and Louise Berta moved along for atrong work for five furlongs. Whitebait, the Sussex horse, Revenge, and others of thiastriog, were dring useful work Goodwood, after jumping the schooling hardies in good style, was treated to a pipe opener onoe round. Towntey put io a etrong round on the asnd. Umbvrto etrode along for four or five furlongs. Crown Brand was sent for strong work over nine or ten furlongs. First Pop and Footman ran a strong mite, Cadland bearing them company the first five furlongs. 8tlvermioe, with V'Grade up, was ao- compaeied by Highland Chief for a useful working gallop over a mile and three- quartern, MGrade having the in fiiffionltieB at the diatanoe. Berkeley strode onoe round the sand. Patienoe and Cricket moved aloog on the tan for uBpfal work. BoDnie Doon put in eome mild exeroise. Ceatua put in a serviceable round, finishing up strong. Mabel and Phoebe Walton brushed along for 4 or & furlongs. Nectarine and Julian Gray ran a sharp 4 furlonge. Greculua Eaoriens put in a couple of useful rounds. Symbol, Victor, and others were doing medium pace work. Kohai ran a useful mile. Dexter and Meerschaum cantered and spurted. Oamerioe cantered. Lord Alien, Agoes, and Gleot worth put in gentle exeroise. Lizette and Mistake did some useful work. Campbell left on Sanday with Highland Chief and the two-year-old, Lord Allen. 8ilvermiue, Little John, and The Bohemian leave on Monday. The Ghost returned to his old quarters on Saturday. 