UNDER THE VERANDAH. One of tho most suggestive incidents con nected with the fifty-six hours' sitting of the New South Wales Legislative Assembly last week was undoubtedly the exhibition of profuse piety which oozed out on both sides as tho Sabbath morn approached, " Don't — please dou't desecrato the Sabbath," entreated Sir Patrick Jennings ; "let us just pass the main clauses of our bill and wo will adjourn till Monday, and not be guilty of tho heinous offence of legislating on the Lord's Day. ' But Sir Henry Parkes was obdurate. A little later on it was his turn, nud he took advantage of it, " Iu another minute it will oe Sunday. IV e of the Opposition cannot lacerate our religious feelings by prolonging the sitting, and if yon, the majority, now proceed witli business, on your heads bo the sin." So tho Opposition lodged its protest and retired, with folded hands, to prav, while in half an hour the Go vernment and their supporters got through a week's work. And now Sir Patrick threatens that if the Opposition continues its obstructive tactics ho will sit all next Sunday. " You have no right to interfere with indivi dual liberty," scream the shopkeepers who want to trade late in the oveuing ; and the cry is re peated through their organs iu the Press until it becomes somewhat nauseous. The reply to it was stated very fairly by Rev. Charles Strongat the meeting the other evening, when he said — " In this 'case individual liberty is not being in fringed, but legislation is stepping in and say ing to the shopkeeper, ' Yon shall not interfere with the right of the individual to be s man or woman.' " It is extraordinary to notico tho sensitiveness on behalf of freedom which sud denly inspires Tory newspapers when the State proposes to prevent capital from unduly op pressing labor. Yecrs and years pass while working people are being forced to toil like galley slaves, and never a word is heard from these "organs" in favor of freedom, but when a little gcntlo pressure is brought to bear ou tho employer iu the interest of the employed it is denounced as unheard of tyranny. I must owu that my sympathies, like those of the reverend gentleman, go with tho weaker side. A number of municipal councils iiavc bad to stop their subscriptions to tho public charities iu riew of the decision given iu the Gannon j case. They see tho necessity now for reducing j their overdrafts, and this is one of the ! economies they can practise without fear of actions from peopio who are dumnged on bad roads. It would be a nice calculation for an actuary to make to find out what proportion of tho money expended by the different charities is subscribed by private persous. Most of the up country municipalities subscribe botii to the local and the metropolitan charitable institu tions, and these contributions count towards claiming tho Government grant. But tho municipalities receive Government grauts also, and thus one Government grant helps to claim another, and the milking of this State cow is carried on in a very scientific manner. If only tho amounts subscribed by privato persons were allowed to count in claiming tho Treasurer's vote the hospital committees would havo to show a good deal mora activity than they do iu canvassing for money. That was a neat way of putting tho Hiber nian question from an Orange point of view adopted by Mr. J. B. Fattcrson, at the Frotes- taat Hall demonstration, when be said that nemo Rule signified Roma lluio. I hear that the cpigraniatic statement cannot claim originality, having already appeared in print, but a good qiiotcr is next best to a good originator. Another ion mot I heard lately is undoubtedly of local adaptation. Some ono was nssertiog that he regarded Graham Berry's acccptauce of a titlo as an offence against democratic propriety. "Yes," said another, V his offence is rauk." There is hope of tho publication of an Australian Joe Milter ono of these days. It wus fortminlo for Mr. Peirco that his opponent at West Melbourne was Mr. Laugton. Members of committee arc after all only mortal, aud tho prospect of having Mr. Luugtou back in tho House must have strongly influenced honorable members in taking a elmrituhle view of the driuk ticket question. I should not recommend future candidates to imagino from this case Hurt they might treat with impunity— uuless they should be lucky enough to he opposed by Mr. Langtou. Beer lias a very singular iufluciico on the free and independent. At the general olcctions of last March one gentleman was absolutely ccituin of success, and for fear he might lose his seal for treating ho refused lo allow a six pence to bo spent in drinks. When the numbers were up ho was found to have lost his deposit, If that gentleman had oulv had tho moral courago to sanction a little shouting he would probably ho the richer by £50. And there would not havo been tbo slightest chaucc of his losing his seat as lie now bitterly acknow ledges, for ho never had even the ghost of a chance of being returned. " Far Cathay " is evidently waking tip and going to look after the welfare of her migrating millions. Chinninen abroad are no longer to he loft to the tender mercies of the enlightened Caucasian to snub, drub, or club, as ho may think fit. An embassy is nbont to lie des patched from the empire of tho sun commis sioned (o visit the different countries where the almond-eyed Celestials congregate and in vestigate the laws appertaining fo them, nnd generally the kind of treatment to which (hey are subjected. This is quite a new departure on the part of the government oi the Red Dra- gon. Next thing we shall bear of a Chinese mission to inquire into tho religions condition of Christendom, with a view to discover how far it might profit tho outer barbarians to havo the ethical teachings of Kong-Futz-tse and Lao-tso propagated in their midst. People may laugh at Mr. Woods's war speech tho other evening, bnt there never was a tima when it was moro necessary to sec that our powder- was dry. Our relations with some of tho most dangerous nations in the world are iu a very unsatisfactory etnto. There is the can celling of the Berlin treaty by Russia, the New Hebrides aud other difficulties with France, tho possibilities of troubles with Germany over South African matters, tho seizure of American ships by tho Canadians, tlicUDplcnsaatness with China over Burmese affairs, the standing Egyp tian worry, and the still greater standing worry over Irish affairs. In the face of all this it ap pears to mo that a member would hardly he doing his duty if he did not bravo ridicule for the sake of calling attention to our war prepara tions. Tho time to do this is while we continue at peace — if war is onco declared it will be too late. If some membor would ouly undertake the disagreeable task of making n nuisance of himself aud worrying the Government in season and out of season about establishing an Aus tralian arsenal, ho would havo tho satisfaction of knowing that when ho succeeded he would, like poor old M'Coll with tho irrigation ques tion, bo gratefully remembered. Mr. Woods has commenced it — lot him keep to it till ho wins. It is an excellent thing for a city to possess lynx-eyed guardians of the peace, but it is pos sible to overdo a good thing. Some policemen seem to think that the streets after midnight ought to bo handed over for tho solo use of tho "foorco" nnd the burglars, and that no reputable citizen has any right in them. They forget that there are numberless avocations connected with the presk and the thoatrcs, with mcdicino and philanthropy, which call their disciples out at hours when the mass of mankind are slum bering, and that an over-officious aud meddlesome policeman may be just as disagreeable to these "peopio as a footpad or a burglar. The next time Mr. Wallace, tho actor, takes to soiili- quisiug in tho street after midnight, he had better adopt the precaution of dressing up as an inspector, if ho wants to escape moles tation. Ail amusing iucidont of tiiis kind occurred n few years ago in Dunedin, iu which a well known minister of religion figured. Ho had promised a poor woman, whoso furniture had beet, seized for debt, that lie would see that sha had at least a lied for herself and two little children to lio on. Other pressing matters caused him to forget his promise till late at night, when ho was turning into his own com fortable crib from the wintry air. Then suddenly it flashed upon him, aud lie at once arose, hastily dressed, and, huudliug up his own bed, sallied forthwith it A policemau seeing a lull figure, bearing a great bundle, stalking through the night, insisted on interposing, whereupon the grand old pastor had to explain who ho was, and what ho was doing. Tho Bobby then volunteered to carry the bundle for luin, and both together trndged to the hare abode of (lie as tonished and gratified widow. Iu that way ,ouc of those good acts which are done by stealth, and blush to find themselves famous, became known to tho community. I heard a question put tho other day to a bank manager, a lawyer and a Government official of good standing which "any school boy " — such as Lord Mucaulay speaks of — should answer correctly, but which uoae of theso did. A gentleman was appointed some years ago to a position in tho civil service at a salary of £200 a year, from which he was to riso by Eix annual increments of £25 each to a maxi mum of £350. Ho considered Unit his incre ments should have commenced from the 1st July, 1870, but as a matter of fact they did not commcuco till tho 1st July, 1871. They then went on steadily, and he readied his maximum in 1877, instead of 1876 as hothonght he should. The question was this: Not taking interest into account, did ho lose anything, and if so, how much ? Ono of those to whom tbo question was put thought ho lost nothing, and tho other two put his loss down at £25. I shall not de prive iny readers of the pleasure of getting tho correct answer by giving it to tlieiu. It may cuhuiico their pleasure when I tell them that I was as much astray as tho other three to whom the question was put, A Victorian traveller who lately visited Ade- laido found it couvonieut to inform a person into whoso society he was thrown that he coul l speak German fluently, a statement which the Adelaide man doubted, but was unable himself to disprove. On a Sunday oveniug they went for a walk, and on passing tho Welsh chapel a happy bought occurred to tho local man. Turning to his visitor lie begged him to walk in and hear the sermon, which had just commenced, as tho pastor had tho reputation of being one of tho most oloquent men iu the city. They did so, and heard the sermon through, and when thoy got out the Victorian was asked for his opinion, the other expressing his regret that he was un able to understand a word of it. " A very good sermon, indeed," replied tho traveller. " Tho minister called upon tho Genitalis to set an example of good living, sobriety and honesty to tho people of all other nationalities iu this city !" I don't know how ho found out that it was Welsh he liad been listening to, but that ho did fiud it out I Iiavo uo doubt, for he uow goes about declaring that the worst point about Adelaide meu is that you cau't bciievo a word they say, The Royal Society discussed the question of Antarctic cxulorution tho ether evening, and rwious suggestions wcro mrtffc as to tho stops to bo taken to get up an expedition. The president, Professor Kernot, thought that the steamboat companies might got up a summer excursion trip to pay a flying visit to the shores of the great Antarctic contincut. The idea is an excellent one and should be encouraged. If the passenger list did not fill up quickly enough recourso might bo had to the Government and to private subscriptions. I believe no difficulty would be found iu raising cnuugli to pay the fare of Messrs. Gaunson, Ilcnt unJ Jones if tho dangers of Antarctic travel were put prominently forward. The Government would, no doubt, be willing to give Mr. Browne, the late Post Office clerk, a trip among tho icebergs of the South Polo— or the North, for that matter, if there was an expedition getting up in that direction. And the Public Service Association would, I am satisfied, bo delighted to pay the whole cost of sending tho board to this deli cious!- dangerous part of tho world. I nmko a present of this idea to the Royal Socioly as my contribution towards the expedition. If they can only get the ship to go thcro almost every oue iu thu colony will bo nblo to uanio a person whom he would like to send on this magnifi cent outing. By the bye, thoro is another way by which Autaretic exploration might bo brought about. I remember tho bitter complaint of a squatter, who vowed that if he took up a run iu tiic great Sahara that would carry a sliecp to 1000 square miles the blessed free selector would come and peg him off. Tho diggers boat the selectors in this respect. Let a goldfield be dis covered anywhoro on the Antarctic contincut, and before twelve mouths are over tho diamond drill would bo boring tho South Pole, and cutting cores in glaciers. Or — and this will he my very last effort to solvo this great geographical problem — let us announce that we are going to plant the British flag on the shore of the great South Land and there will be such a rush of other maritime nations to forestall us lliat tho land is certain to be opened up. The advantage of this plan is that, there wouldn't ho the slightest probability of the Imperial Govern ment interfering with them. ATTICUS. 