Table taD[. 11b, Julian E. Salamons, Q.O., tho now Ohicf\x=req-\ /atlce'of Now South AValo's^''is' a vory romarkablej in, Ho i9 a native of Manchester,:and tho son of pit Jewish parents.. Ho received his primary eduoa\x=req-\ Sunttho Manchester Jewish 'SoKcibl^whlah was thon aJer tho direction .of ,iDi,IsancsA/'the first Jewish . Vf & % *■ £7 'S1'1 L{ - ■ iwjyman In England, who*,preached in'_tho vernacular, il that country. When about 18 years of age young Maons emigrated,to Victoria, during the rush to the livings in 1S5H, Arriving in' Yiotoria, he found that ie tough lifo of the Victorian gold fields was" not siapM to his literary tastes, and he was reqom\x=req-\ tfotel to go to Sydney, where he was appointed History to tho Hebrew Congregation, at, I am told, a •tyr.of £60 a year.' % ■ \ * .• * ..if- • ; • * ? . J?' >. y ■ •- . * • * * ■ : His duties as secretary to tho Hebrew Congregation not very, onerous, and jhe had ample leisure for, Wj. Ho was an omnivorous reader. His reading, fever, was of a desultory character, until he made 'P to mind to study for the bar. He then worked i and twelve months before , he passed his examination, h?o'resigned hia ^position ab.tltto s^ntij '"""inndgecluded himself; at Manly. His; seclusion tke to all manners 'of gossip as very few persons pwtlmt Mr, Sal anions was ambitiousto become a I^RUtcr, and was studying in the quiet seasido place. • rjfl'- - VS/'Iri ,"a I • '.,v -* J •"§ I Shortly after being admitted tto the bar, an oppor\x=req-\ Nj offered, itself to him for ' distinction, .by.v.bejngf l^lfoated to conduct the defenae of Bertrand, who was j^ed with, poisoning , Kinder.,, The |caVey^aTTsed.' |w station, in the colonies jat the time*, and,' ^flgh Bertrand was actually sentenced to 'death,' '• Salnmons managed, .^by" moving the .rS°.(a«t? I'ilh " reserved points, " to save the gallows. i.. Bertrand V was I " the l^imah g h the; sorlmiinat incarcerated Queen's pleasure," and ,'is still j;_ at j gaol, The young barriater at once leaped^ popularity and business from all directions' on him. I may hero mentioni, that ^Mr,| J ®"'ns never accepted a brief as a " junior," and hia I ""ion at the Sydney bar is unique. t - J,. » * ♦ k o l10pnlai'ity which Mr. Salamons earned,'by the ^Qil-Kinder trial cost liim however dearly^ 1 "npaivecl his health to such an extent that he lias nover'entirely recovered from the ovorptraia which hlg mental facultlos suffered, and every two or threo years he has had to take a .trip to JSuropo In order to got aoraplete rest from work, } nj/'j" T"r«w*;£71 r;.; * i The now Ohlof 'JUstioo of New South Wales" Is a good raconteur, a brilliant oonversatioualist, and very fond of society. His roligious vlows have, of courso, undergone a groat change since he severed hls connoo\x=req-\ tion'with the synagogue ; although lie is still a liberal subscriber to its funds. Books arid picturosjaro His ■hobbies, o Mr. Salamons'appointment Is very popular, in Sydney. f , iTjib dofeat of Dr.'Hearn by Sir Archibald Mlehie* for a seat in the University Oounall, may bo taken as the emphatic protest of the Senate against the p.esenco of professors in th'e governing body of the institution; To look at It in any other light' would be a mistake, Socially, Div Hearn Is Sir Archibald-Mlohio's equal, ;and in point of scholarship and intolleotual ability, he, 'is admitted, to bo his superior by botii sections .of the Senate. .—However,. .with -ft -oordial- desire-to^see„the University flourish, I amfnobfa'Wfttl sorry that .the election on Tuesday should .have' turned out as iV did. Np\v that the bono of ooatentipa has beeajremorecl, lb is to^bothoped' that the Professional Jloard^wiU* onoe' more dwell .togothor..in poaae and unity,^^. ^ — '^Sir^A ho hi ha ld Micjhik seldom"attends the galleries of the^House, but he was thera \jnTaeVday night' to' listen to that rather superior dobato which took plaoe, ifpon-tha'appo'ln'tment of ■ Sir'HvrfS'F. Stawefl -%or%tl?o ' ,p;Qiji.fci,Q:n5idf^ It happened :tllai; allusionq\vft9 j .frequently made to „ the-atlrrlng con\x=req-\ stitutional^ battles,,of 20 years* ago/^ah^it was^witiif 1 keen'^and ..undisguised intferest^that tho fold political, warrior <listened.,to tho recital of somo of' the' Parlia\x=req-\ * f.' i !' f i V A ■' •#• t V ' ) 'V ■ r : ■ I < / ! I mentary incidents of those most exciting times, jin' whiohi^he himself had playod .no iriconsiderable43aft.i\/| <' 'TnH^Honl^the''Minister 'for'!iJducati6nllbolorigs'en-' tireiyto the1 theoretical orfanqiful school of politicians.'' Whenever he desoends to tho region of sober fact, as for instanoe, when he discourses.on ilive stook ie igets'— what-the Americans oall:—loft. Beading ,a paper -on A !j If 1 f i Jf' .S" /' » .1, . +£ .-t-. National Credit to tho "Victorian Bankers' Institute the other day,,the Professor expressed grave doubts whether England oould raise fifty miilions in oase^ of war;< '.»?iiviri'jri<.;; ibttevii'''.; • • i ; i' . r'>s:fjrtj--» ••«<•. i- '• , A ourlous commentary ' upon the hori. gentleman's 'patrfotla pesalmlam is just furnished from the mother country. Applications to the amount of £120,000,000 sterling, wore received for shares in the woll-known' 'brewery- concern of Guinness and Oo, It is simply, a iquestion of simple proportion, to tho solution of which 'oven Professor Pearson should.be equal—if £12(!,000,0Q0, ;is applied for on the prospectus of a brewery, how much could be ralsod on tlio security of tho British Empire ?' " . ■ . * ' » ' i .. i ■ .-i * " " W-* ■ , i 0-ENianA.L Boula-NGER has made a bold' and auoaess'; "ful bid for popular!Fronoh''art world', "Ho has announood that every, regiment.; in > the, . service is, to reoelvo a ploturo eommomoratlng one'iof itssglorloua exploits, and has given earnest of his promise'by'com\x=req-\ missioning 'six'tor eight; mora '.or fessi'Unbvvn'^military' painters, to exeouto as many canvasses. Tho1amount,to w be paid for eaoh is only £200, (but this sum, multiplied by the number of French 'regiments'of every arm, re- • presents a handsome total, and oonstitutes a welcome'' windfall at an epoch when .Government purohaao3.havo fallen to nearly nothlng,;aad!Amorloatt'>austomalower still, The French sculptors are jealous, howevei1', at .this plum offered to the.othor branch of art.. . , •• •.. ;> i i ) i-'t. 1MI . /®HEiraoing,oarnlval i3 over, and the lamb has, in Its .. H h : Mil ) rJ| .1 1 ' . ° accustomed-jsheap'llkei w<iyj'..3ubmlbted > .itself uto ,be,/ .skinned. The amdunt which annually changes hands' . - in beta alone is variously''estimated.'' 'It w'ould;-"of <<: oouvso, be impos-ilble even to get an approxim ition of n 'i .III *)J )i Lii r « U1.HI .V ■>•!. I !> ! ai.r .,-t I - it. .My sporting friends toll me the settling has, on the vvliole, tii'ce'n satisfactory;1 and all-the'bookmakeis,'with1 , >one-or two exception? of^miu Haiders," havia^-m'at i\x=req-\ their(engagements', k.'I hear ith-xt.a fesvu" plungora'J' "am'onKst the backers''are ' missing,--and those in-whose 1, . .. .i_ . (lUlll -.J ivilJ j I 1 jxl.f ,r-i ... books their names appear, are lamenting. . It is said" that I ,««• V. ': '"I ' ■!",,rr','gr,.,'V)"' (.'UiUiij,. :: orie>highflyerwho jwon^adnrge amount; over Ecu-Boltj ion the Oaulfield Oup,'vvhidh'ili'd1 receivo'd;'found fclie 'tide - -: *» -> " V • i'.IIIiHHIiJ .MlltUlt ,11111 i " ■"■'■V ■ of iluokdid not follow himi,to ulUemlngton,, vyherQ-Jie tl lost heavily. He is stated to 'ha've'b'een suddenly calledi to Sydney on businossjof 1 ^the.moat pressing nature—so '! important, in fact, that'too oouldmot.wait until settling, 'day.' T; suppose ohangV, of residence,' without a pass- > J r~.- • .;moat- ,tfWVn.kUu: «' t tt1+ .. (j)ort, must be"against the.rulesiofvthojbettingjclubs^for / 'I-'am told >;that a igentleman'fwh'o - acted as sponsortfor 'the^departed one is In' fear and'trembling' tlaat;.he' '-will ' be1.'carpeted" by the .committee of the olub to which he introduaed.iiim. This ismot ,right, i Kitho gentleman,;. wanted to go to Sydney11 whyvdidn't he^calVat his olub1-' • j.| r "l "ini .? , 11 t iHJji Ji.ill - • i-I( ,, for his exeat ? \ .. uK; q , ;> „ IT Ih whispered thai; thoro waa something very muoli llko Insubordination In tho ranks of tho last Australian 'lOluvun in Kupland, tho principal oU'endur, 80 It 1h said, being Oloorgo Cl ifton, tho' brllllunt South Australian unci perhaps foremost orlokotor In Australia, It waa all vory well whon Cloorgo was at fcho wlokot, defying the JOngllah bowling or teasing tho JOngliah batsmen with hla most treacherous balls j but when .put In tho Hold anil ordered to oomo hero or go thorn, a change ontno o'or tho aplrltof his dream, and there waa troublo( Thiaaoitof thing haa not only a dispiriting effoot xipon a aklppor, but alao a bad olTout on tho other players, and may oi! Itself hayo had aomothlng to do with tho vory poor llguro out by tho team. * ^ • * Turn rloath of Mr, W, Hammorsloy romoves a onoo . familiar figure from tho sporting world of Australia; Mr, Hammeraley, Ilka his old friend, Mr, Dlokor Hamilton, waa not only known as a sporting writor, but, in his youngor days, ho was one of tho host all\x=req-\ round athlotoa in Australia. Ho playod in the sooond Intercolonial Match against Now South "VValos in 1807 and for sevoral seasons afterwards/ and had a good light to bo regardod, both by tho sorvioos of his play and his peu, as one of tho . pioneers of tho gamo in Australia. About tho oldest of tho Australian sporting writers now alivo is Mr. H.~ M6styDr/,bott'er: known under his nam dttplnmo of Pegasus,'for'm'any years tho sporting editor of the Town drid' Cimntyi/Journal, Mr. Mostyn's son, a true ohlp of tho old block, edits the isporting columns of tho Sydney Tvlograph and Tribune, . . * --- Cycling* la evidently bcoomlng one of the most favorite sports in Victoria, If 8,000 enthusiasts could muster in'most'unfavourable weather on Saturday last to witness the Intercolonial Bicycle Eacda, hold under the auspices of the Melbourne - Bicycle - Club, The xaoing, of course, was very interesting, especially aa the trophies, amounting in value to £400, were the largest ever contested for In Melbourne tit a alngle meeting. The committee of the M, B. 0.,- I am told, are determined to stop competitors from foul riding, by disqualifying them, and, as an earnest of their intention, they made an example on Saturday of one of the foremost cyclists for running inside one of the flags and thereby trying to gain a point. I am also very glad to see that the M. B. O. insist on competitors wearing their registered, colors. The parade in which nine clubs took part was a very pretty sight. ; .•V-.ri >' .■ + 'V •'■•••'. ;m '• t »•-1 * * . Thbs poor position held by pedeatrianism in public estimation is shown by the fact that so little prominence was given to the raoe which took placo on Saturday last, for the challenge belt, and in which Malone, the great Irish sprinter, was opposed' and defeated by some Colonial runners. It is not vory easy to give off-hand a reason for this state of things. Th« general opinion is that the introduction of the English professional pedestrianiam element, as a com mercial spec, some fifteen or iixteen years ago, dealt the sport a deadly blow from which it still suffers ; but one would have thought that with another generation of athletes would have come a better state of things. There were three pedestrians imported—Hewitt, Bird, and Topley. The latter, who was a walker, did not ; remain long. He soon found that in Levell and Woodhouse "Victoria possessed two walkers against whom, ho could barely hold his own, and he retired. Bird "went to Tasmania, and was certainly not canonized there Hewitt, I believe, is still in Australia, and enjoys the distinction of having run half a mile quicker than any. other man, although he has now lost much of his old fleetness of foot. Recently we • have heard" of the projected visit of Messrs. Hutchens and G-eorge, two of England's best runners, to Australia. It'will be well if their advent has the effect of raising up 'a. spi.it which suffered so much from the visit of 'their' p'rede-* cessors. • ' rn ■■ • '■■ ■■ ■■ •'■' ,J * » i ; - iHiVK been asked to mention that M. Marinoni the head of the well-known firm of printing machinery manufacturers, Paris, has been made a Commander of the Idtigion iV&onnenr.; I'l1 Im rathor amimlng to notloo how soma ot our polloo ollluora who lmvo boon ralaod l!rotn tho ranka—\x=req-\ aa indoad thoy nil nro nowadays—" woar thoir blushing honors thick upon thoni." Ono of! tho most recently\x=req-\ promotod and most bumptuoua of thoao bran now sttb\x=req-\ Instpootorn was In tho Dlatvlot Oourt tho other day, and was qulto shoolcod to aoo (i fiorgoant cil! polloo tako hid hut o!V and nit down al'tor having glvon his ovldonoo. " Toll tho sorgoant," this was tho mossago tho ociurt ] orderly was ohargud to dollvor, " that whon I am In I tho uourfc, all aub- ollloora and in on must stand up." In tho bravory of hla ailvor laoo, and now oonforrod dignity, tho aub- inspootor qulto forgot that tho sergeant waa only observing tho ouatora of tho court, and that Mr. 1'anton, tho olmirman of tho bench, was qulto ablo to maintain ita dignity, * 41 * Thw poor ourates of the Metropolitan dloooso, whose stipends, always inadequate, have boon roduood almost to starvation point by tho docadonoti of tho Bishop of Melbourne's fund, must be looking 'forward to Dr. Goo's arrival in the aolouy wltli a good deal of anxiety. Tlio new blahop ia the happy posscaabr of a not inconsiderable private fortune, and, like the late distinguished Dr. Whatoly, Arohbiahoji of Dublin, will probably apond tho wholo of the income derived from hla diooaao, in assisting tho minor; clergy., At least, Dr. Goo devoted tho stipond of his 'London parish'to hia'citrates ) and ho is not likely to forogo this excellent and truly ohriatian praotioe in Victoria, I'm. ah from a gentleman who has just returned from the Kimberly gold Holds that, notwithstanding all that has boau said regarding its failure, several large parties of miners are' doing well, and have excellent prospects. He stato3 that it is perfectly true that as an'alluvial field Kimberly has not beeu a success, but there is a number of reefs vvhioh are being proiitably worked, and in many instances the most astonishing results are being obtained. nations are certainly dear, and there are many hardships to be borne, but that is | to bo expected j and those who go, thinking to find I every comfort of civilisation must, and indeed do, go. | away disappointed. Several paraels of quartz have i been brought over to Melbourne to bo treated, and it is : expected that from ■ them will be obtained a large percentage of gold. * * 'I * . i Many of the disappointed digger* in the Kimberly Goldfields are wrath with tho3e who furnished to the newspapers the glowing accounts of tho field, wliloh stated that it was only necessary to scratch the surface to obtain gold, which led to their going thither. It/is said that perfect lawlessness prevails, there being no officials on tho spot to preserve law and order, 'i'he diggors are thus depondent on themselves for protection, the result being'as it always is in such cases, that might, rather than right, rules. The punishment with which those who described the field in such glowing terms are threatened, is that their eats shall be lobbec! ofl. One would have thought that it would have been deemed a more fitting punishment to cut out their tongues. But, then, the consequences of. their, false testimony would not be bo patent, and that, probably, is the reason why they are to be deprived of their aural appendages instead of the organ of speech. i-. v i: : a. ■ ■. ■_;vJ'.).i-.-iv It is really surprising how small the world has been made to seem by the cable f\nd the rapid travelling facilities which are now f umished by the quick steamers specially b'uilt, and equipped for passenger traffic.' One hears that Mr. so and so has gone to Europe; in a week or two we are told he is in Paris, or has ascended, the Alps or has had an encounter with brigands in Italy. Before we have had time to aotually realise that the traveller has gone so far, we meet him in Collins\x=req-\ street on his return. Our great grandfathers would be amazed if they could only return for a short space and witness tha unconcern with which we in our generation arrange a trip round the world. Indeed there is less fuss made in our day about auch a voyage, and less preparation deemed necessary than would have been made even fifty years ago for a land trip of a couplo of hundred of miles, It aeema but the other day that I mentioned tho departure Cor .10n^l(iml at Mi', DiJ Mltoholl (vua his accomplished; diuightoi' Mr#, A| strong,, Mv. Mltaholl haw dollghtoil his frlomls by] turluy to thorn, looking tho pldtuvo of honlth and J| no unci of marvellous storlos to toll o£ his IviwoIh, may aoon expoot bjiok a Iiu'ro i butoh o£ tho wniulofl who will doubtless voto with ,l|nnnUnity ns euliul Australian# Itwavlj^y, clp that .'Mhovc'a no place 1J homo," ■ . 1 ,i.»: i i SB1 • USA * m.stit. *' u *" i / :ip 'n, i "I I 1UQA.H (fchftt Slr,,Bob<jvb, Ifowloy, ox-Lord Muyoi London, who Is'ln^Malbouvno at pvoaont, is arrntigj hero aomo bxtona.l^vo, Jlnojiialal mutters connected W tho great banking firm, oi whlcli ho Is n partner, "What's In ft nnmo?'V A<Mr,j\YUUum Smith w tt, fovv days slnoe, was placed; in > tho watahhouso o| ohavgo of (t Insulting behaviour," found a piovtou ooneoalod usefulness in Ills, Djiibtk-ss ha Imd of} previously bawftllocl his hard iivto In bohy tho ben |'o£ auah a ploblan patranytnla, Hud ho been a da Vera, howoYoivho aould not liavo csuapud so luol as ho did tho consequences of hU Insulting bolmvi<! It lmppenod that another V/Ullntn oE the Sti family had, on tho same day lrablboi.1, nut wUily toomuoh','with 'it'ho result that ha too w«w locked] The latter was oaUed iti tho court to answer thu thq | 'of drunkenness, but -instead of hid doing so lilsnal 1 sake who had bohavedMnsultlnRly stomiod fnrwl and was, as is usual In the caso of first oft'om against sobriety, discharged, ami spoodily loft aourt. Shortly afterwards the oaso o£ Insulting haviour was oalled on. The Votary of liac stepped forward, when it was discovered lie w the man. An enquiry followed which .showed v had oacurred, and as a oonsequonce Smith the aedj too was set at liberty. ,The llttlo episode shows the aoinmonest things— ovon the namo of Smll may have their uso3. If Smith the Ilr9t nforcmentl| had, in a moment of discontent, changed his coj men, he would either have suffered pecuniary losi temporary loss of freedom. Should he ever in fiij feel regret that lie was not born a FlautiiguniitfUfl should find oonsolation in the reflection that wo; " bettor bear the ills we have than fly to others wo know not of." Win have it on the' good authority of Bret H;vrt,j " For ways that .aro dark, J And tricks that aro vain, The Heathen Ohlnee is peculiar." For our knowledge of the almond-eyed celestial, ever, we are not wholly dependent on the Arnoi humorist. We have opportunities of personallj| serving " John " and Icdow that his cunning is o| most subtle kind, and that It is usually concealed i a mask of apparont innocence, which la often w uanied by a smile that is " childish and bland.' fallowing story——which'- I may say I run iuformj perfectly true, shows that John can, when nocei find means of circumventing prejudice and turnij to his own aoouunt. In an up-oountry towu lives an old gentleman, whom I might call M'T| and who hails from the Highlands, He is vnryj otic, and distributes whatever favors lie way ha conier as far as ho can amongst his own com pal /'This is of course well-known in the neighborhq which- he lives. He invited tenders for some wdl requii'ed done and receivod a number of respfl amongst them, being one from a Donald M'I'ha Now'the latter did not by any moans give the lj price, being in facb higher than several ; bill difference was not- so great as to induce the HigJ gentleman to pass over .the oilier of one who «-ns,l the name that ho bore, obviously a eountrj A letter was at once-dispatched to Mr, Donald MS son notifying' him of the aeoeptance of his t| Imagine the surprise of Mr, M'Tavifcli 11 find, «/^| contract had been signed by another on behalf, .that the latter was a Ohinamnn I Johnl M'Tavish'a weakness, and so turned it to lii| benefit, in a way that would not lmve occtu'rejj European, w (I/IAHI-IW IMI.KW, It appont'H, 1b not to visit iHitrftllfl'llH Hfc,lt0fl hy ,,,l° newspapers, Tho jIcmI Dnroiiut unci Privy Councillor whoso namo ao\x=req-\ 'aired nn uiiploa«ant notoriety In oonnootlon with tho Kcont dlvnrco cmso was lately taking tho bnths at p lti curiously enough, at tho Hivrao tlmo happened la'borcsldliiK ftl 1,10 Uttlo town tho loarnod"President ((I1C KhjjIIsIi Dlvovoo 'Court, Mi1.' Jndorwlok; Q.G., Mr. 1'iitohott, Q.O.V 'who Itifc'brucfcod tho 'Quoon's pfoctor, mid it "nlcl sl1' Chavlos did not' oujoy romiinitly onoouutarlng tho,President, and that on joooa'fislon, when they mot b^ aooldonUn tho anto\x=req-\ f)0m of tho doatof whom" fl>pfcK ul tad, tho HiroM't's chooka aasuraeci''K,f rpmni'kftbl'y'''ruddy hub. llucli comment mis miidb'o''i'hq* 'ffio't1 that tho right lon.ffontlonmn, whoso rlowa wore formerly known to tcofn Komowlmt atholstloal oharaotor, has slnao his Kcent I'nrllnmontai'y dofoat booomo a x.ealous Churchman, for not only fit Iloyat dldhorogularly attend tho . Kns,'ll3h church, and oaoh Sunday, put a gold plooo lti. lit offertory, but that now ovon, slnpo ho lias returned to his rlpavliin rotroat at Suubury, ho Is a rogulnr iltemlsntftt tho parish church, ' * » When will writers, and prlntors agroo on a sign by »lilch the lettor " n " ban be distinguished from tho Idler"n"/ i» manuscript tho two lottora, so far ns Hecyocan ilotorraine, aro, oxadtly tho same,,and tho only reason why compositors nnd ".renders," In nine tuca out of ton, carry out tho author's intention, Is taw thoy use tholr common sense. But whon thoy ate dealing with proper namos not familiar to Lliom liey arc obliged to mako a random shot, and are as often wrong as right j aud small blamo to thom i£ thoy iloot wide of the mark. For years tho famous Fronoh dramatist, Hardou, was referred to, in tho press as "Sardon." . m Pendkaoon, writes in the Rvfuroo 111 reply to a hrge numbor oE correspondents who oalled his attention to statements In other London papors .whioh give in entirely different aspeot to tho position of tho working man In Australia " I have only to say that Have endoavou red to describe things as I saw them, nil that I neither had nor now have any pi'ivate or [ccirainry interest in either the working man or his imploycr. But, having been asked for an opinion, I ikild like to say here that it seoms to me a hideous teg that working men, who are so very much better oiboth in Now South Wales and Victoria than ever liey could have boen at homo, should be doing all they taatopreventother working men going out to Australia Mare their prosperity with them. Anyone who gets 'wpy of the Sydney Morning Tlurald or tho EvetUny fe(published in tho same city), the Aryvn or tho Jyi'of Melbourne, and rcads the advertisements under IM<head " Wauto 1," and compares them with similar iherthoments iu Loudon papers, will at once bo able tone how different, the ohaace3 are of getting omvloy\x=req-\ njnt out in Australia,from what they .are here. With tjitd to highly-coloured statements about depression nulwantof work which are being pat forth in other 1 havo oE course nothing, to, do. Men out of there will always be ■ while .men and work have hint or separate existence. „ But, there is all the differ\x=req-\ "win the world between men out'of work (who will ®%tatsc tho work that suits, them and doesn't blister "citaoEt hands) in Australia, and men • out .of work 'idonly too glad to get anything tliat oiEers itself, in England. In Australia, during. the gold fever,. when coarsest labour was worth a guinea an hour, and ^plojors wero willing, and anxious, to pay,the price, were men out of work. Such men will always of work ; to bo out of work- is a trade of itself Mnow in Now South Wale's and Victoria. , ,ln theso ■'words 1 fim ondeavouriug.to answer a.host of ^respondents," enturpviao shown by Messrs. Poars, of soap sbrity, ia remarkable. Besides having lately taken premises of tho Cooperative Stores in Oxford London, and established a'largo business in , * ^ork, they are now, f hear,- about to open a I.!!'1 'n ^elbourne, "to bo' shortly followed by in Bombay. • .I'KlNOiti AidOXA-Nuwii ot Battonborg, who Is tlio In~ dlroot oauao ot all tho trouble in tho Balkans just now, found thotradooC ruling Bulgaria highly profit\x=req-\ ablo, 13oyonc\ ><2.200 a your, Prlnoo Alexander ot Hoaflo navov luvcl any fortuno j and his wl£o, now Prlnoess of Battanherg, tho daughter o£ a Goraan Jowi otia Haucko, who sot'vod In I'oland undov tho Grand .Duko Constantino did not bring him a penny, Tho • Prlnoo and his wlfo depended ontlroly on tho 'bounty of his slstor, tho late CJ/.arlna, who mado thorn a hatulsomo allowance, and who paid for tho oduciatlon of tholrfour ohlldrcn. Prince Aloxandor of Batton\x=req-\ borg was an ollloor In tho Prussian army, In tho onjoy\x=req-\ raont of an Incomo of 1C8O por annum, whon ho was aolootod as (Injure ruler of Bulgaria. Ho could not havo gono to Sofia but for a loan from a rolatlvo, and ho la said to havo loft debts both at Borlln and at .Darmstadt, Ho was, thoroforo, not moroly ponnlloss whon ho wont to Bulgaria, but ho was In dobt, 'J'ho Assembly gavo him £24,000 a yoar, and kopt up a palaoo for him at Sofia, but as tho Prlnoo Is oortalnly not ooonomloal, ho oannot possibly havo saved anything out of his Olvll List) but somehow ho now possesses roal proporty In Bulgaria which oost .-6100,000 Thoro woro niortgagos on It amounting to £83,000^ which loaves a balance In his favour of £07,000, and this sura has boon voted by tho Sobranjo fov tho pur\x=req-\ ahaso of tho Prluoo's property In Bulgaria, bosidos £4,000 for hia travelling oxponsoa to Darmstadt. It Is assorted by the Russian papers that Prlnoo Alexander was not abovo dabbling in stocks, and that ho profited largely by hla speculations. * * * iJti'EOi/ffious young mon who aro in love with young ladies equally destitute of ready money and ox\x=req-\ pootatlons, need no longor fear to embark In tho holy stato of matrimony, if they will only follow tho example sot thom by Mr. Booth, junr. His worthy father, wishing no doubt to start his son fairly in life— though, pctr j'ctventlum, it is said that the bride, Miss Oharlosworth, has £20,000 of her own—deorood that tho wedding should tako place at the Hall at Clapton, and that a shllllug a head should be oharged for admission to witness the ceremony. About four thousand pooplo, it is stated, paid their shillings j consequently young Mr. Booth starts on his honoymoon with tho oomCortablo sum of £200 in his pocket. * 41 * .1 don't thluk that Mr. IMtzglbbon, our worthy town clerk, has any just cause for complaint against tho odlolals of tho Temperance Hall, in connection with tho attompt to drink intoxloanta on tho premises during the recent election of a councillor for OHpps Ward, i am not a total abstainer, but I think that the rules of an institution should bo observed by a gentleman whilst ho ohose3 to romain undor its roof. The manner of tho officials mny havo been all that Mr. Fitzgibbon says In connection with his smoking on tha premises, but ho had no right to defy them and smoko his cigar in the room ns Lie did. If the ofllcials were rudo, Mr.' Fitzglbbon should, have reported them to their superiors, but ho decidedly was wrong to set the rules of the Temperance Hall at defiance and than boast oE it in print into the bargain. * . * Tjiu now oxplosivo sholls, about which thero is so muuh excitomont in Franco ju3t now, are probably the result of a long sorlos oE experiments that have boon carried out by French Government chemists to test the value of some of the preparations of potassium for war purposes. Tho composition first proposed to be used for ship torpodoes was intended to be exploded by a valve opening on the torpedo striking a ship's side and admitting water into contact with it. It wa3 however found so dangerous in manipulation that its ,uso was bellevod to have been, abandoned. It is now some time ago that a young naval ofTiacr, together with his assistant, who were engagod at one of tho Frouch dockyards making some exporimonts with tho preparation referred to, wore blown literally into thin air by the force of an accidental explosion. Tho cause of tho I explosion'wn3 never ascertained for certain, but it was conjectured that, as it was in tho height of the summer heat that it took place, it was very likely caused by a drop of perspiration falling from the unfortunate victim's forehead on to the terrible compound. The prospect of its practical -employment in . warfare is very far from pleasant to oontemplate. A mvcmoia In a Vlotorlan court of law in a protty oxponalvo luxury, and porhapa nil things oonnldorod, It Is woll that 11 should bo ho, Tho an it oC Wooding v. Wooding and Iloso has boon iiidoflultoly postponed booauso tho potltlonor omild not pay—-or find floourlty to pay—the nloo llttlo amount'6i\&^p;l In acWafaoqfor his wife's ooata o£ trial, /• '≤\ . . (:,<■ ifj.v-v.-iu > " TJ110 air la arowdod thlok^wlth, horrors." Orlmoa/ ol! tho most vovoltlng dosorlptlon; fol/pw'jdfttjl).'^oltjiiiir^lu almost as rapid and droadfitl suoojaslou 'astlio ghosts In M Maoboth" until ono oan almost fancy that wo arc oxporlonolng tho realisation oE Maro Antouy's satiguln\x=req-\ ary prophoay !—" Blood aud dostruotlon shall bo so In uso, And droadful objoots so familiar, That mothors shall but smllo, whon thoy bohold Tholr Infants quartorod by tho hands of war," m * * Now that tho muulolpal olootlons aro ovor, I think tho publlo would wUh to know tho truo faota In con\x=req-\ nootlon with tho squabblo in tho CHfcy Oounall. Tho principal in tho raovomont against tho oloatlon of Aldorraan Bonjamln to tho Mayo ralty appoars to have boon Or, Qoorgo A, Torry, tho onorgotlo soorotary of tho North Melbourne Building Sooloty, Or. lorry's objootion to Aldormau Benjamin was an allegation by hlra that Mr, Bonjaraln's father, who cllod Inst year, had boon transported to Australia. Of aourso thoro la not tv partlolo of truth In tho statement, aa tho lato Mr, M, Benjamin waa a Juatloe of tho Poaoo until the day of hia death, and early oolonla ta romotnbor him woll na having boon aont out horo by tho firm of Moaes and Sons, as their representative In Australia. Or, Torry, however, was obstlnato Jn his assertions that Mr, Bonjaraln was an " old lag." * * * fa1 was Or Q.'D. Garter who convoyed tho information of Or. Terry's allegations, to Alderman Benjamin, and It happened in this manner:—At the ro- olootlon of Alderman Stewart, Or. Terry argmd the ease against Aldoinnn Benjamin, and Or, CJaitor asko'l for some spoolllo roasons. " Because ho la tho son of an old lag," said Or. Tarry. " You are wrong," replied Or. Oartor, " I bet you £") ho 13 tho son of an old lag," insisted Or. Torry. They shook hands over tho bot and tho following morning Or. Oartor wont to Mr. Benjamin's office and asked him, " Was your father an old lag?" telling him at tho same time that Or. Torry made tho allegation. Alderman Benjamin naturally was furloua, and went straight to Or. Terry to nsk for an explanation, when h>3 was mot with tho oool reply, " Well, It is quite truo your father was an old lag. I am only repeating what others havo told mo." Alderman Benjamin immediately set tho law in motion, and then followed a letter from Alderman Benjamin's solicitors to Or. Terry, threatening him with nn action for slander, unless a public apology was made. Coua\x=req-\ sel's opinion was taken on both sides, and, after a lengthy correspondence betwoen the solicitors, Or. Terry gave a written apology, in which he oxpres3od his sorrow for having made statements which were untrue. Of course Or. Carter won his £5. * ♦ Victoria has many excellent provincial hotels whloh are extremely well managed, and tho conductors use their best.endeavours to provide to the fullost cxtout for the comfort oE tho patrons whom,-as a rule, they treat considerately in making up their bills. But. there are . others:—and unhappily . not a few— where every advantage is..taken oE. the t traveller. In these tho tourist is rogar ted as f iir pr -.y. He it t > put up with, any discomfort and to pay the mo\t ext irtion\x=req-\ a'o charges with a smi ing face, and to fae the servants liberally into the bargain. A friend of mine who with his wife recently paid a visit to Glp;>sland—it does not matter what part—and reached a well-known hotel latent night. Neither desired supper, but asked for afew biscuits, and ordered a bottle of ale, whioh the gentleman consumed^ When the bill was furnished ho found to his surprise that for the biscuits consumed by himself and his wife 5s. was charged for—supper. The ale was extra and also appeared though separately in the bill. He thought there was some mistake and called attention to the item, but was informed that it was the rule of the house. la* Is satisfactory to find that tho proposal to found ivn Australian Military Oollogo In dlroot communication with tho Imporlal War Odloo la at lnat beginning to assume dottnlto shape. Tlio modt of originating tho idea bolonga, I bollovo, to Oolonol Sargood*, but tho naturo of tho relations between tho Into Mlniator of Defonco and tho lOngllah ollloora who command our looal foi'oos was not of that cordial naturo to bring It fco any practical Isauo, A military school would give a training to tho mllltla ofUoora, which thoy can acquire by no other moans; and if commisalona In tho Imporlal sorviao wore opon to its auoooasful students, as no doubt'thoy^woulil' bo, a now avonuo of; dlstiHd^l tion would bo oponod up to thoao fortunate Colonial i youths, whoso fathers lmvo takon caro that thoy shall bo plaeod boyond tho necessity of earning tholr own living, "r't ' Thm produotlon at tho Gaiety Thoatro of th^/opor^ bouil'o " Dorothy,'" by Mr. Alfi'od Oollier and Mr. b/o,'" Stephenson, has boon vono of tho great events,of tho dramatic'year In London. Mr;1 Oellior, in his1 oom. position, has boon oareful to avoid all tho meretrici ous blemishes of tho Frenolt School, aiid hia groat object—' in whioh ho is said by tho most competent judges to» havo sucooodod admirably—has been to malso his . music thoroughly English. Mr,Stephenson, has produced librottb worthy of the musicf under tho oxooptionalj . dlfllaulty of. having,t o work for ,some time withoutthe' assistance of his oollaborateur. Messrs, Williamso^ Garner and Musgrove, are to be congratulated vipon having: seourod the services, of so distinguished a , musician as. Mr, Oollior for their Australian theatres; That a ,man mayjhayjD a Frenoh namo wlthout belng a Frenchman, is one of tho problems which Fronchmon are unable to grasp. Mr. Oellier, for example,-'they will have it, is ono of thoir compatriots, and the suaoeas of his " Dorothy," at the Gaiety Theatre, acids according to the Paris journals, another leaf to the musical laurels of la yvande nation, ; I'don't blame members of Parliament for having L*themselvo's so liberally supplied as they are, with crystal clear wator and endless bowls of ice^during hot nights, but I do pity the occupants of the galleiVwlib. sit with parched throats, watching the rapid disappearance of ice and the frequent replenishment of the water bottles, when nover a drop of water nor a morsel of ice comes their way. Why, the benefits of free, billiards, freo postage stamps and free railway journey, fade into insignificance compared with these glorious 'supplies of ice water. But surely the heroic people who dovotc their time to keoping thoir representatives in countenance, by sitting in the galleries through dreary debates only occasionally enlivened by a " scene " deserve some consideration. Oan it be that, there is . a secret compnct between someone "find" someone else in the interest of the wary publicans,! whose establishments are nearly as well known as Parliament Houses themselves. the, • — 2bwj) flu was, wlmt sorao witty individual said when ho observed what a lot a certain member of the Legislative Council bad to say on divers subjects. Amid all this talking there is still one member of Parliament whose voice has not yet been heard |in)ourj * Legislative' halls. I hope his constituents will testi\x=req-\ ° . . : .:■■■.■ :• 1 .l.ill ! 1 i 11 O monialiso him at the close of the session, n lf memborsn talked no more than is nccessary what extraordinary, things Parliaments would be as compared with what they are/ It is now a case of everlasting talk,'with1 ■ ;..■■■ ' 11 i ■: .'i7 tn: ,i\ ?> glances at the reporters to make sure that they.are.o^f the alert to take down what few members I am afraid caro to hear. , Everybody knows the popular hunting chorus " D'ye ken John Peel 7" but the name of the composer' is not so familial". The writer of the. !famouss»spngi John Woodcock Graves, died recently at Hobart' at the good old age of a hundred. He was the son of a "hunting parson" of ..Cumberland,-.and; emigrated late in life, with his wife and family, to. Tasmania, where be made a fortune, v BOSWiHiL. 