?? '- ? - HOME AND FflRFiGM' ' '- , V'VV ' ? IRELAND. , - ? i ' '/THE GEEAT, HOME KULE DEBATE.a : \- -r « ME. T. D* SULLIVAN. , . ?Mr. Labouchere having addresied, the* House .in~'Support of -the establishment of an Irish' Parliament, . , . , ' , ' The iprd 'Mayor of , Dublin, who was re-; ceived with .loud cheers, said he had noticed; -fromvthe opening of this debate a, great appeal1 had been, made to hon. members not to treat the subject before the House as a\ party question, but he also^noticed that. this appeal chiefly came from the Tory party, and he believadin'so say-' ing and doing the Tories ware £dmply-- playing their own game. (Cheers.) As-soon as jt,-wss thought that all the birds that could be, snarsdt .were .snared,' as' soon as they.- were gathered1 -safely into *the.cage, the leading' member of -th'e( Tory party announced to these same little ^birds' ?that there was no grain' for them '(Irish -and -Liberal cheers), that ^he sppilsv-un the- good time; ''Coming ,w6uld^not- he fpr^others than^the Tory! party.^i.(CheerstandJaughter') ,-He wondered^ em'uchwhatjs'ome of the sec,eders thought ofythat; t announcements iHeJbad no doubt that some ;of, them had.a bad^ quarter, of an hbur.;j- (Cheers:)j He would say that this- question should be, con sidered not onlv. irrespective of party, eonsidera-I \iions;,but of personal' spits and.jealousy. . , He' :did 'not think that the question had been , so| -treated.- '('HVarf- hear.) .- - What,was-Lord^Salis-' hufy's alternative P ! They- had something; o£-',af ?pphcjf ofr,' judicious mixture''— a (policy; of con ' cession 7 and eoereion- r-a policy .-jofnbitter, - -and. , sweet. f I Lord Salisbury's ipolicy,-howeyer,\was tosba all, bitter—a judicious-mixture;- of Eil-j mdinhsLmand Manitoba,;and-.he ju3,tifi.ed thatbyj rsayirig^ that he^had no' Confidence ini£he' good; fiaifch',' of -the iriah members j or -.'thev good tfaith t of 'thelrish people. r .He would; remind1 ,(the^ JECouse,, of ;-- Commons of, -;he .hiHtorjcalofact' thati-in- all the' treaties- between : Ireland aud Englandidt was Ireland, i who .kept .faith, and England; who broke it. (Irish cheers.)- Ib was En'glishjkings and English prinoes-'and -English Parliaments who broke faith, rwith , the. Irish r nation,- a'nd'not the Irish nation :w(h6- broke ?faith with\ them—it wa9. Eugland iwjio«brok'er,the treaty with the JErish in ithe time?off.Oharles ,the! First— i,t, was.England that broke the Treaty, of Limericks before, the ink with which it was- writ- ten' ?jvas- dry— it was England ; that toqk-rawayj .theJrish Parliament after it .pledged itself , that its 'independence .was- not ' to be [questioned ?or A questionable,, and it ..was: England that, delayed twenty years, in. the carrying outtbt;one. of the conditions q£'thefUnipn that ..Catholic Emancipation should be immediately, granted. tWho, then, were the faith- Jbreakers K (Irishioheers.) They vrere also told that; the Irish' people were irreconcilable haters, ot,ti|e ^British Empire. , ^There had,been,r,nd .douBl, hatred among the Irish .people Q of ?, British' .power. . . There -. ^as , disaffeotipn . 'and^T-dis-i .loyalty if they liked, - but , he?. -would , ask any .-honest man w,h,o refld.Irishjhigtory^ould^he, b« surprised at ? suck things P% - (Hear, hpar,'),\\.; *If ithere was; oppressipn, persecution,;, and -.insult, how cquldjEngland have 'affection, loyally, and dev.otion P.1,,'1 Give the Irish people spn\eir@a.?pn to ba loyal.,, (Cheers.) What a'spoctacle.had . bee^ presented ,to them for the last 86 years ! , (Hca/, hear.), ? ' They' had passed coercion Acts, \- suppressed a' couple of rebellions in Ireland^ the '48 movomentj and the , Fenian movement. The laws made by' this .Parliament afforded a beautiful specimen to foreign nations of the unity of the three kingdoms. ' They liadjin the British House of Commons SG Irish mem bWs, and it was -.notorious to, foreign nations 'that ,they came simply to work out the freed om-'and liberal ,tion of their own country. On more- than one .(Occasion a good many of, these, gentlemen :were '' expelled from that' Parliament; but tbox'e they f-wero as delightful as ever (laughter), and afford ing a very charming proof ot the harmony and un tj exhibited undor the British empire. He beJieved foreign nations would bo vary much * more inclined to believe in the unity of the em pire if the Irish members wore quietly minding .their own business in Dublin, and having no thing at all to do with Imperial business. They only desired to look after their own allairs, and* '', were content to leave to that House the, greater. . powers and -privileges of managing the empire. ' He repudiated the idea that a spirit, of religious. intolerance would be shown to the Irish rrot'os .tant8i, d by,% ^their ; - Catholic fellow* country men . [In ,ib&~- whole? worldiithere- was ,not',a-r peoplj? ; less inclined to^praotise religious ^persecution ,than the Irish people. (Cherfrs.) - He .could .quote from atspeech o£ the late-John^ Martin,, a. Pro-' testant JSTationalist and honest man, in which, -he stated that he ' had never heard or seen a, word written-in his-long political life '? which, could! give offence to , the people of that belief. , It was amazing to t hear, addresses .'from hon. member ft fromilhe.: North of Ireland,iexpressing .at one .time these foolish fears and terrors and at the next; moment- adofc of ridiculous braggadocio.' ;(Cheers-) , iO'Connell said hes w.ould rathertake! the Protestant Irish Parliament back again and; the. penaLlaws rather than thay,,8houldihav.e in| Irsland no; .Parliament. ^ (Irish- .cheers;) ;-That! was no chance expression - of O'Conneir-s^jbut/ one deliberately, made and published.. (Cheers.)! On another occasion, before the 'Dahlia Corpora tion, he, said :t-. j[, - - , ; ,, f ' This hand, drew up. a. petition, in Eavpur- of j tlie S freedom o£ Protestant ,dissenters in England.' Ifc was twice approved of by,the private couitnittee of the Homan Catholic Association, twice by tlie! Association itself. Itr ^8. afterwards carried uhaniinJnsly^ at 'ani aggregate J meeting ' of. Catholics in' Clarendon-'sir'eet ,cHapel, where its, adoption- was proposed 'by* a Carmelite' friar. If 'was 'presented '^ to [ Parliairieni;' witli' several tKp.usaiid ' signature's/,} and ' -within^a -few weelrs ?after its' presentation' they were liberated. - ' {Tvhh.' cheers!)' ' He Would 'ask 'the Protestant digiienters'of 'England riot 'to 'forget thats 'fact. '(Loud Trisli cheers'.) Hs^would also point out that when Catholic Emancipation was won there was not a singl'e demonstration of triumph , in Ire iancHhat 'could bs offensive to 'the ascendency' class*, which then 'got its knock-down blo^.' (Ch'ders!) 'VV^hen the- Chnroh of the'.minority waa ,,'disestabljshed, on the ni^lit that Disestab-' lishtaent Act became ls,w,' no Protestant was Jeerdd at or insulted, and no1 light was put on the Irish hills, or anything elso that could hurt ttie feelings of th'e people defeated.1' (Cheers) Thpy only 'sought for justice, and, to seethe nation prosperous. As4 to . the threat that 'Ulster woiild arm/' he' would say'that they :had heard all .these things before. (Laughter and cheers.)- W'h'cn the DisestabHshmpn't Act wag introduced there was rome talk of rifles and bayonets and a'ppealihg'to the English people;to help them. He would verify, this fact- with 'a few 'quotations. At 'a meeting held 'in' *the chapter-roomof St. Patrick's pathedral,! Dublin, 'dn'the,lstfof March, 1869,- thfr member for the Dublin University-said :—~'\ :-'-'' ? , ?',We will appeal ,tq , our brother Protestants in England 'and. Scotland/and Wales iii this last'awful liqur of ^our ' f brtunjeL , , (Great ^laugliter.) ' We ?wili3ip'on''tb.ein 'not' to -allow 'th'e^e provisions to , bo 'made lavr to hamper, o.ur ^organization/^ '-?''?'' ; rT6w\they/must' look' for' tnfe ihunder* (great j, 'jAndnot'^to drive --us, again to^that old kind 9f ^material ancT.pnysical ^'resistanfTe— ^b^prot'estj.as our, foref athef s dxdjthree centuries'agd,'.'',^ ..,,','{ { iXLatfghter.), £ -He wasVglad{t6 .se.e,, that the hqn. member- wjiose^'-'v last t awful hour,.ofamis[6rtune had.come',';n^any(l[y-sars -ago -£no,thmgXthe (wprsa )for it,r;b,ut,svtill' spoiling and^r^dwnt. (Laughter.)1 -At another ^demonstration ,pn^ J^u^eA17,tli,-!,lv869, in fTy rone,; the chairman of.tb.e|m{ge,ting,,aPJ'j&}'M \- of, the^Qrange lodge— for^all '. Orangemen 'were ceitherrgrand.-pr^demi- gran'd;, (great clau'gh,ter)'^ said'that, L 3yi \t^ \j 'y.j '^T, ~t 'Vv, ,' « * f5f'They ''would ' be .all ready at the. roll of '.the .drum to strike a-frlow^foLvtheiy,eountry with their Minnie rifles (laughter), as? ware --'their « fathers before; them.',, w. ..}.,-„,? £ ?., ..V«-V : ' ? (Laughter.) ''Th'ey heard a great'! deal .of, the 'battle ofthe^Boynei'but.these^peoplpitake the iwhole credit^of' the 'battle*; '-As- a matter .oErfact, but 'one-eighth \of vEing.- William's army - was compos,ed'jbLIri8bT Protestants, .and he was not quite*-prou'd'when'- he.sa'id j th'ey /.were; the; least; effective ^portion.*; (Laughter and-: 'Irish 'cheers.) These terrible people.i.wh'o.were'.read'y/to^fight ?'the' 'battle^'bf' the'-Bdybe .-ovo'r 'and',o.ver -again* ?.were 'the.pnly poctioncof -William' s -army? routed 4— (laughter)^- they .were)/rC'Ute'd by^ the., .Irish Hors©,:andiKmgtWilliamthimself, rallied ihem.1 )The armyof 'Eing- Winiam;wasteompo8e,d largely of seasoned /warriors from all-partsvoftcEurope. The House would thus see that hon. 'gentlemen above the gangway/took honours., that .didlnot belong* to- them.- '(Laughter.)--.. Another- time 20,000 ',Orangemen'werev'tb.invaae Hyde.iPark, ^and^tho .only 'Jdiffibultysthey sw:er,e! told ^ inrthe jniatte'ri'wa's.'the'-fjicfci'.thati^tfeecjGrreat [Northern -Railway could !not'find-:accommodation fpr;them' ? (Laughter.) A Protestant' clergyman ten Julyi26j 1861; in adstte* toA the -Daily Eslpkess/ Dublin; recommended a deputation\of the ' rank.-we/ilthj and-' intelligence'',! fof siJreland^io.'«proi5j3ed':ii6 London5 walkirfg onfoofcthrough sthe\str.eet8,:Bnd jdemand( admittance -itor'the fQueen'u P;alaoe-.in order to'praserve^her'majeBtyrfrom^breaking.her cpronationoath; .. It -.'appeared ;that;- the Orange ^orators *of' the. time, w,ere;notlaccorded*thepatien.t hearing they*; thoughtc they should; receive,, and 'asthis was i 'before;' either, he* (Mr. ?.Sulhvan)%-or his colleagues'had been.' members he-was.more or less at a loss to explaia -such fosses of , temper. The Eev. ''Lealie^ Carter thus .referred to the fHouso, of Commons — '- . . ^.' r ' ' Tlie Orangemen will not'allow Gladstone and his - cr~ew ' to .trample' do?vii ; tHe Protestants. (Great laughter.) Theyjwould ,aj5peal -to the. House ofcConimo'ns to listen .to' ,th6 voiceof Ulster. , ? (Eenewedj laughter.) , Although., the noble Mr. rVernon kne\y that, only a 'channel rolled between^ them'— ?-' \ ; r ' ' '?' ' '„ ; What a fortunate escape this was for the House of Commons. 'The Protestants of the North would march to the House of Commons and conipol their enemies to be silent whilst their representatives ? were speaking.' . , (Laughter.) One of the orators 'of the North 'on' this subject vactually blossomed into verse' (laughter;, and expresse'd himself to the.eflieot-r''' .,- Qur'bosornaf\7.e'll b.'ax^ tp'jbhQ.glo.^lng strafe^' { .' *?' 'Our vows' are jcecorded'6ti'highj -- '''??-- '' To prevaiUn thescause that is,, dearer thfin life, Or crushed in its ruins to die. . (Eoars of laughter.) They'-had the represents- : tivea of that party stillin the House, men who were not'ashamed toproaoh civil war.' , One1 of these representatives was so warlike that he always reminded him (Mr. Sullivan), when he rose to speak of the Scriptural description of the warhorse. - (Laughter.) Ho referred ito the re presentative of North Armagh— (laughter)— n -f His neck; is clothed with thunder (laughter),' the glare of- his nostrils1 is terrible (laughter), 'and bte'srnelleth the battle' afar oiL' (Great' laughter.') He thought some excuse might be urged for some of the Orangemen -who used the langoage to-whuih they were nowaccustoined— men who were brought up in an' atmosphere of, 'suspicion and hattf of Uhoir Catholic fellow-' countrymen- He was ^amazed' at the extent to ^ which' their minds-' went' over -, the 'history ' of ' the past, ? of strife and blood-, shed. '? He was sure that, -as far as one of those h'on. members was concerned, his , dreams at night were of 'King William '(laughter) -that' he imagined himself mounted on a great'white horse; with his Word in hand, charging -by the side of Kipg William, smiting rthe unfortnnate 'Papists hip and thigb. (Great laughter.) But such sillf speeches 'and-8t&tements; as they heard 9p'read'needless alarm,' kept up hate and 'engen dered strife. Their conduct he held to be' wipked',' and -their language perilous and pesti lential.-' -' There vrere many meu';in this- country and in«this Parliament aiding and abetting the' work these spe&kars; outside were doing, and who had not the same excuse: nNo such excuse could be offered on behalf of the right hon. young gentleman who, pnlyia'fe.w weeks ago, vras doing his best io educate the Tory partyMnto Homo Rule, and who since/ with the agility 'of the squirrel, hopped - off (hat 'tree and on to .an other. (Laughter,)' Neither -could- any such plea be urged' on behalf the cold-blooded and caleulatiisg 'English politician whom nobody suspects of beiBg moved by political1 passion, and who was deeply committed to 'the principles of Home llule, and yet who had not scrupled to give approbation and encouragement to men who vrere doing all'they could to enkindle the bane ful fire of r*ligious-enmity in Ireland. ! (Irish cheers.)' But after all- that was. said and written it'was certain that the majority of the members of that House agreed in tbe principle that something must be done for Ireland. In the words of the late-Lord Beaconsfield he would fchen say, '? do thoithiog handsomely./ (Cheers.) Let it ba !a generous measure, that vwould win the' heart of the. Irisbl poople.' (Irish cheers.) The ' member 'for Wast Birmingham related darikf? the course' of this debate th'at- ? - , '/ The'm'otion of a nation'al council was, I thinkj '?a very good action^ bufcafc has at this moment ono fatal defect— that di vthe .hon. memberalopposite '(the'ItKhmcm!bers)''wore,at any time disposed to -give it \their consideration !lhey are no- longer ^willing to .do so..* - They're] ect it, and-.under these circumstances Heaven' forfend .that, any English partys should attempt to impose that, benefit upon them.' i,;,,i/;j r; . , r, ; ft 0.. ;; ; , -: , , ' . If^th'at.wss a good reason in -the eaee-of national roounc:l«,-twasdt not squally. gpod'fo^ab&ndoaing; the^new aeheme.'of .^the same'right^hon. gentle man ?:'i Tho'ineasare .introduced by the. Prime 'Minister i had, 'tho -crowning effect ithal-it 'was satisfactory, to the representatives of Ireland and -to.the Irish people throughout the world... (Irish ?cheersi) h-If ? that ^ were 'so he would ask hon» -members .why (discard it? I) It? would not injure ?them rand.wonld -satiafy^ the [Irish: people. - It would give peace, , happiness; and quiet to Ire-? land. , (Erieh cheers ). ? Why then reject a mea -8ure offered1, with ,such ,hope and promise as sthat? ',- England-had done many things of , which ,he.r sonSiWere. proad.- She had won victories by fsea'andsTand,rbut-the passing of. this measure vwouldtbe a nobler.viotory for her, than any that .was (.vvonun, the time of.-battio.and the thunder of,herAguns. ? (Irish'eheera.) . The record tof 'it'.wo.uldKform^not:.only-one,' of 'the proudest chapters sin ^ her-T history,- but. '.one of \ ,the proudesti chapters inthe, history of the /human 'race. - (Irish cheers.)- .'Mfclwould^teachta'noble 'lesson Ao' strange nations, ahdfleave such a mark upon the»sand8.rof time, that in future years -somo;forlorn and trampled people seeing it would takei heart pgain- To ? the . .winning ot that glorious Victory over even party prejudice, over -ancient -hate' and 'long-continued injustice,; the -representatives of Ireland' -present vthat' night ..invited^ the-f Parliament and the ?'people of 'England! ' (Ministerial and' Irish- cheers.) - ^ '^r.'^Carth^r^snme'd^he'de'bate'in a speech, 'graceful in'styfe^an'd 'elqquant thou'gh'1 moderate. 'It'B'VcKclarlyton'ej ita £indly* and gehialVmanner 'even 'tb/tbfer adyei'saries'qf the bill, won for' him .loud 'commendation from all parts of the'Hpuie. ^he' hp'n.'mprabir ;for Longford snjoys no seepnd *class' roput'atibn, in ,'th'o House ' of/. Commons.' 'There.rare iew memWfi rabre popalar in r* that ?Weinb'ly, as there are1 sitill',1 fewer' of deeper, scholarship or '' bnghtor ' intellect. \ He' is a thoughtful 'and earnest student of tho history ; of ' his ' own ^country from his boyhood's days. Full as 'he, is/ of 'kiridnens^and' affection for his fellow-countrymen, it is little'wonder that while he (wa3^ yat.o lad he flung1 himself with all his hdart'andt eoul into the ' '4S movement.' It 'is a long cry'totho dajspf the Ypung'Irelanders. Yet iis'strue as Justin^M'Oarthy was in. 'the* days of '48 to the Jiopes ot placing his country anWgat the nations of the , earth!, Wday ho is found filled with the samo hope, the same faith, aud the same lovo as he then entertained.' To-day he seqs her morning star of Hope paling in the dawn of freedom which is break ing, 'His Irish colleagues were all around' him as he stood up to addresy the House and from their ranks arose a loud, long, and enthusiastic cheer. Well the Irish members knew that the case of ^Ireland would now5 be placed before the ;Hoase by one of ?tho 'old masters,' and with all jthe skill and'abihtyj ;bf whip^MK'; WtCktj$j is 'master. '''Theywero riot'dia&ppbiiited;^ 'It^sa speech suoh as is not often heard. in (He 'Hc^4 of Commons. From an early stage the honour- ' able member, had the House listening to him with breathless attention. Sitting alno-t directly before him was the Prima MitUhtV;, * with his head leant forward, gazing intently cu Mr. M'Carthy, and drinking in every word, of his intellectual and eloquent speech.' From him came loud and frequent tributes of applause, which were as richly deserved as they were w,urmly given. ' Fight the battle out, and then ?let God show the right,' were Mr. McCarthy's concluding words, which brought a startling and defiant cheer from the Eadical and Home .Rule members. Mr. Justin M'Carthy, who was greeted wi-h prolonged Irish cheers said : — I can weil understand that the members opposite who are anxious to ' assist' this measure in the.senseiin which that word was used by the leader of tho Opposition should be anxious to assist it by. a silent vote. Dsspite the assurance just given by the Marquis of Hartiogton, the friends of the bill can congratulate themselves upoa the. its proving and4 ripening prospects of the bill within the past few days. Those prospects have been brought about by thiags occurring within the House, and by some things occurring ou(. sido the house. I thmk that the lengthened debate which we have already had m-.this house has done s®me good. (Hear, -.hear) I have no intention of referring to any oi: the points accruing concerned in last niglt s debate, though they are not nnimportanf, but it is well that the Home of Commons should have a particular illustration of the extent to which sectarian hatred aEd the long existing spirit. of- ascendency, bitUrnesa, and anger, and passion in the North of Ireland depend upon the patronage and support of men in England. (Irish cheers.) On that ground I am disposed to be glad that we heard some extraordinary constitutional doctrines preached so lately, in this house by the noble lord the member for Paddington. (Hear, hear ) I am even disprsed to be glad at the warlike statement made by the hon. member, who I believe has not only the honour to be a member of this house, but is also a full, private in a gallant regiment of militia. (Irish cheers and laughter.) But some events that have taken place and some words used outside the walls of this- house have also done much good in bringing about improved prospects for this great measure. (Irish eheers) I would like to'rafer especially to one ort'.o remarkable speeches made within the dasc week. At one time it appeared ta me as ;if n single speech made by the Marquis of Salisbury was likely to prov.e the moet powerful agent y.'ec devised for .bringing about the 8usces8.ef-;lthisi great measure. (Hear, hear) The :riel»le Marqmis made a speech so. full of passion and ranfn^r — he - endeavoured to revive thevw»fst ofidbJ' old 'JNo-Popery spirit — he, spoke/with;; a ?.violence, ienergy.and bitterness— that eertaiiily did not become one in his position. He spoke 'in words of admonition to the opponents* of, tbe measure to 'sharpen their swords.' Of co.ime heonly -spoke in the language of metaphor j- still at a time like the present — at a time when even a great general and, soldier was called en. to explain and say whether h$ had or had not used -ecrtain significant expressions), and when thet general can only say that, he did not use them in a public speech — when we have the bold de claration of a miles,1 g lor iosus of a militia. regi- .mont (laughter) — I don't think it is weil for any great English statesman to dabble too. much 'iu -perilous ^metaphor,. I epuld not help ticking Vaat if tho right hon. gentleman at the head of 'her Majesty?s Governmenthad a chance meeting with the noble lord on some platform he migkt well address to him the words' of Shakespeare in 'X-ng John,'- addressed by Brackenburv to another Salisbury, 'Come, Salisbury, pufc up your sword betimes or I'll so maul yoa and your toasting iron that you shall thiiak the devil hieaself ? has come to take you.' (Great laughter.) I trust Xord Salisbury will put up this' toasting iron and not flourish it any longer ^during the remainder of this eontroversy. (Irish eheers.) But 1 am bound to_pay Lord Salisbury ?made a second speech, is which, he having, as 'it were, sheathed the ' toasting iron' (lauehtei) went on to contribute something more substan tial to the discussion. Yes, he did at last pro pose a programme for the government of Ireland and -we would do him wrong if we did act admit that the noble lord did see his way to a pre gramme, and confess that if he should suoeeed in turning out her Majesty Ministry he at least tknowa what to do when he comes inte their ?place.' I invite tho Houee to lictea te the ei«ar 'and prscke statement sf Lord Salisbury's plan for' the governmeat of Ireland. There ip, e£ course, to be eoersioa. That he hqw admits. At - first he did not propose coercion— new, however, he admits it mast be, bat net that -only. Hero is what he propooes to da for Ire land — what he considers the duty of the Con servatives when they come into office — ' ' It is the duty, he says, of the Government in Ireland to devote its energies to the amelioration of the condition of the people, to do all they can for the amelioration, moral as well as well material,. to do; all that' is possible to stimulate the education and increase their culture, to do .everything that can be done to make the industry oaBy, to open the paths of prosperity at home, 1o facilitate the development of their Gommorce so ,j;hat by the action at once of peace and order and moral advancement and that amount of pros perity, which is secured by keeping off pinching want, they may reach to the level of that happiness which in this land it has been ? our privilege to enjoy. (Ironical Irish cheers.) Whoever does not tt once admire the exceeding defiriiteness of that plan muet indeed be very hard to please. (Iri&h; chesrs and laughter.) One ciitioism mu.tun fcrtunately be applied to it— that Lord Salis bury, when telling us he was going to' do 'fall these things in accordance with the highfesfc 'etatesmanahip, did np| gvp -ua -^e;;lais-fc 'or suggestion of bow be was goiflg ' v^ttfrig them about, . or how hfc. proposed to set .about establishing- them, ' (Cheers arid' laughter.) I was reririnled of ' something ; that happenod during the heat of the American war. President . Lincoln was1 'waited on by a deputation, a most ?consequential deputation,' who said that they had amost important programue to lay before his attention. The leader of. tho deputation said : Mr. President, our programme is the settle ment of this controversy on a speedy and peace ful basis. (Laughter.) The President said, ? 'exactly, that is my programme too, only, I do not yet know how to bring it to accomplishment, and you have not told me how it is to be done. (Irish cheers anl laughter ) Tbat is the defect .of Lord Salisbury's programme ; he doos not 'give the slightest idea of how to bring about all these magnificent; thing3 he wished for. There fore,' we may ray so far as any particular settle merit of tho case is concerned we are still left ?with, the old remedy of coercion, and the old suggestion as to the 'sharpening of swords.' ? Then another prominent figure m this present ' controversy ia that of the noble ma*q-u9 the mem ber for Jtossondale. Now, I have fentiro respect for -the pos tto:i occupiod by the noble marquis. (Hear,' hear.) He has nrver professed to bare -any sympathy with tho Natiooal claims of the Irish people (hear, hear) ; bat, on thoother hand, ? I am bound to say he h-is always been consistent. ? asd never said, as far ns I. know, anything unfair or unkindly of the Irish people. (Bear, hear.) ??If' there- in' a man in the world, who might be ? excused if he had s'-ma painful associations in Ireland, it is the noble Ma'cpiH (l»ear hear), and I never rememb *r h's spying anything unfair of Ireland, or even I srouM say of the National party (cheers), only he has never been in U- .favour, but was always opposed to it and is still. But he too contributes nothing towards the ifiettlemcmt of the question. His attitude has ,been simply one of negation, saving ' 1 won't do this, I won't do that, I won't do 'the other thing.' (Laughter) Bat he has no suggestion to make on his o*n behalf or on the part of his friends ( Hear, hear.) We may therefore safely leave him out of consideration when seeking where to turn for a settlement of : the question. So that there is nothing open bat the measure which the head of her Majesty's Government proposes. (Irish cheers.) There is indeed another and in some respects perhaps a snore interesting figure prominent in this contro ? versy, (Cheers and laughter.) Novel writers ? are said to ba fond of what ia called a 'complex character.' (Hear, hear end laughter.) I think that in the right hon. gentleman I am referring 'to we: have a most complex character— the mem . bar for West Birmingham. (Laughter) Atone time it was well understood that he had a plan \- of his own. I remember reading a statement of the late Lord Beaconsu'eld, then Mr. Disraeli, ? delivered many years ago, and a passafraiin it \- struck me as being not inappropriate to tlfij pre r sent state of thing*, Ho was discussing some of Peel's early projects— at that timo he was more -friendly to Peel than he afterwavds became. He was speaking to a member who had bsen a fol lower of Peel, but who was falling away some what. Tina member asked DLsraeli what he thought of the Prime Minister's policy, and safd 'Oh, we don't wanf his plan — what we want is Popkius' plan ' (great laughter) ; and Disraoh : replied, ' Sir, I object to this country being convulsed for the sake of Popkins. ' (Roars of laughter.) But, Mr. Speaker, we are now in the inconvenient position that we. have not even Popkins' plan. ,.(Lau 'liter.) Popkios' plan has been withdrawn (laughter), and no one seems prepared to come forward in the place of Popkins. (Laughter.) But we may hope the mernbar for West Birmingham will yet bring .something forward and let U8 know what he proposes. So far, then, to use an expression with which yon are familiar, the plan of the Prime Minister ' holds the field' at present. We are only discussing the principle of the measure. I : am not goinp to say that every one of the details', has my complete approval or the approval of ? those who are . found on these benches (hear, hear) ; but on the other hand, we must remem ber that there never1 was a really great measure ? of legislation brought into the House that did not undergo modifications before being \- passed into law.' I remember no such measure 'that did' not need and that did not undergo amendment in point of detail. Why do we accept the measure — why do- we admire it ? It \- ir because it is a measure for the relfigovern ment of Ireland ([riah cheers) —because for the first time since the Union a great Minister and party have raisad tho national flag of Irian self ? goVernment.' (Irish cheers ) In ? that spirit and with that view, we cordially accept the bill which proposes to give us s Parliaaaeot in \- College Green. (Cheers) Of course we know .just now that there is a very strong and piB 1 : sionate desire growing up amongst tnombai'3 oi: \- this House and out of doors that tho Irish moin \- bars should continue always to retain then1 places in Westminster. Well, I can only. say that we feel proud, not to say vain, for the '. extraordinary position we hrwe'eome to. (Irish laughter.) It is surely most delightful and flattering to us to bo told that wo are the key stone of the Imperial arch. (Irish, cheers and laughter.) Yes ; it now appears that ouce we are withdruwn this splendid structure falls to pieces. (Laughter.) Our opinion of ourselves grows every day. We never knew we were such nice people before. (Laughter.) We never knew in what tender affection we were ht-ld. (Laughter) We never knew what pleasant company we aro (laughter), and what tears would be shed at our departure.' . (Roars of laughter.) So attached are some hon. '? members to us that they say they will absolutely . wreck the bill if some delegation ?of us ia not left here.' Now, it i* curious that some years ', 'ago when I first began to write on questions of ??' Home. Rule'-— when I wrote several articles in a \ leading revievron the subject— I always sug „' g'ested' the retention of the full number of Iriaa '9 wembefs;in this. hgufle, ' I w»8 always' met by English writers and members of this house with the one self-same stereotyped answer, 'We never can allow you Irishmen to go home and govern yours&lf; apart from us, and then to come over here and take part in governing our Em pire.' (Irish cheers.) Over and over again I have been met with that, until I began to think it was hopeless to endeavour to frame any scheme of Home Rule which did not involve the exclusion of the Irish members, and their ?.being limited to an Irish Parliament in Dublin. No sooner did I oome^round to that frame of mind -no sooner did I, if I may use the expres sion, 'find salvation'— than I waa met by an instant change in the whole form and style of the criticism applied to that same proposition, and I was told that ' We will have no Home 'Rule unless we have every one of you Irish members, or a large number of you, to take part in the business of this house.' Well, I quite admit the force of the argument that in pre paring a scheme of federation it would be better that such a course should be adopted, but how long are we to wait ? (Irish cheers.) Ia Ire land bound to wait for the making of a symme trical and comprehensive scheme of federation ? PTo such' scheme.. -has come witbin measurable distance of practical politics. This House of Commons has so much weighty work to do that, it must be very long indeed I fear before it would frame and work out to practical success a broad vast scheme of universal federation. (Irish cheers.) But, Mr. Speaker, we cannot afford to wait for that time. (Irish cheers.) Our cause and bur grievances will not bear the delay, and the question has reached a point when its settlement is impera tively called for (Ministerial and Irish cheers), and we say to you, gentleman, that the bsat thin? to do is to form the Irish Parliament, and if at any time there might rise a demand for .this scheme of federation and if a particular statesman worked it out, why, you have the^ Irish Parliament party ready to be made a portion of that scheme. (Irish cheers.) As my hon. friend the member for South Derry said very well in this House, a federation is a federation of Parlia ments, and if you have an Irish Parliament you have at least that one step towards an Imperial Federation. But in the meantime we want to do something. (Irish cheers) We want to bring bick prosperity, material and moral, to our country. (Cheers.) We think wo see our way a little more clearly to. such an end than the noble lord the Marquis of Salisbury appfars to do in the programme he set forth. I was very much impressed by an argument used at an early stage of this debate bv tho.ripnt hon. gen tloman the member for Bedford. In the course of a singularly able and eloquen.t speech he im pressed on the House the necessity and import ance of leaving the Irish members free to do the work of their own country and that alone, for he showed what immense — what terrible — need we hsve to demote ourselves with all the energy in in oui1 power to bringing the country info the way or prosperity. We have indeed a great and responsible work to do. Think of the num ber of demands we have tnide unsuccessfully to this Parliament from year to year, from genera tion to generation. Think of the number of wants to bs supplied and still left unsupplied. Think of the mevo question of: national education, primary, university, and technical education. We want to give onr country a measure of edu cation which tho Irish people, hungering aad thirsting as they are for cnltuve, will be able to accept a,s an ample and satisfactory settlement of their1 just claims. (Irish cheers.) On tbat point members of this House know there is a con siderable concurrence between Protestants and Catholics in Ireland. (Irish cheers.) There is a vast number of Irish Protestants who olrject to secular education a3 much aa Irish Catholics. As to university education, that in, of coura?, in a most unsatisfactory condition in Ireland (hoar, hear), and the house Trill well remember how scheme after scheme on that subject has been , brought forward in Parliament ; how some schemes wove rejected, some accepted, amended, and rejected, and nono of them going neat3 to a satisfactory reform-— to the universal demand of the Irioh pooplo. (Ivioli cheers ) A. nchemo otacfe an we desire would bo settled in an Irish Parlia ment in the course of a sioglo session. (Irish oheoro.) Hero it will come on session affcov sesoion, and remain still unsettled, Tho raaGon is simply that thero isintbe English Parliament want of iirae and want of inclination too. (Hear, hoar,) First of all yoo. havo not a proper un deratnnding of the question, and ne;:t you hav& not and cannot have time to deal with ifc pro perly. (Irish cbeern.) You have other ihingg to deal with which appear to yon, and not unna turally perhaps, more pleasing, and thio f»reot question, as it seeaaa to no, and as it i.9, mean while ia thrust aoido and forced into tho back ground. (Irish chsor-i.) Thero is nothing we want in Ireland move then n proper nnd sub stantial syotem of tochnical education. (Heap, hear ) Many of tho trades and manufactures of Ireland would become progperoua and vigorous if there v/csonlv sufficient technical education in the country. (Xneh choeva.) I do not; believe that one ot the wanto o^ Ireland ia, aa hroQ boon stated, tho want oi' capital from abroad of which wo bear oo much. A committee a at to consider tho subject oi: Inah iaduofciiea upatairo, -aod Gomo of tho best authovi tion told us that thero wan in Ireland itself capital onoo^h, bnfc tho ccpit'il wanted fluidity. It. wao there, but it was lifoiu.^u. That would not long continuo if we had an Inah Parliament. Our capital under a Home Rule Government would be induced to flow (hear, hear), for we would have industry and trade. (Irish oheers.) We would bring all tho re sources oJ; the country into play (hear, hoar), cg to Irish fisheries, piory, harbours, canals, naviga tion, roads — in i'act, with i'ognvd to almost everything concerning tho internal traffic and life of the country. The other day I came across a report by Ib\ Sullivan, President of the Queen's College, Cork, and in that hs gives de tails aa to whafc ought to b© dose end would ba done as to improving the manufacturing in dustries of Ireland. He pointed out that the great want was small harbours and piers all round the coast for the accommodation of the fisheries, and he added that these or anything like these cannot be provided satisfactorily by the petty jobbing system hitherto adopted. It was also pointed out that if a country can afford to construct a network of water way through it without the expectation of immediate profit it will be doing a work that is certain to be bene ficial at large to the whole country in the same way as a network of roads might be constructed in all civilized countries, not for the benefit of the State, not for the benefit of individuajs, but to facilitate the intercourse of the inhabitants. The same authority makes the curious remark, which I commend to the attention of certain members from Ulster above the gangway.' He speaks of the neglected condition of Lough ISreagh. He says— 'Lough Neagh stands in need of being deepened, and of having a few piers and landing places erected. I do not believe there is a sheet of water of the same extent in all Europe in so complete a state of nature as Lough Noagh is.' That does not speak so very well for the enor mous energy of some of the people of Ulster. Under an Irish Parliament that reproach, I ven ture to say, would not exist. (Irish cheers.) I have often been asked what sort of parliament I think it is likely we should have in College Green — would it be, one English member asked, a mere parliament, of politicians ? Well I may ex press my owa opinion, and the opinion of one look ing at the subject for many years at something of a distance, and say emphatically that ifc will not be a Parliament of politicians (hear, hear), but one of earnest, energetic, practical mea, anxiouo to restore the prosperity of their country, and who well knew how to set about it. (Oheers.) Sectarianism or class ascendency would never, I believe, find a place in the debates of tbat Parliament, (Irish cheers.) There would be eloqaence, talent, and statesmanship, but there would be hard work of practical administration. Further, I believe and hope and trust we would have men of the landlord class with us. (Hear, hear.) I trust we should have some even of our Orange friends or enemies working with us cor'' dially, (Irish cheers.) I never can join in any very strong attack on Orangemen. (Irish cheers.) They have their weaknesses— all men 'have, (Hear, hear.) They speak strongly —sometimes far too strongly— and so, perhaps, do others (hear, hear); but my earliest political memo ries are drav?n from the days of 1848 (hear, hear), and in those days our dream was to regenerate the country by the union oE ' orange and green.' (Irish cheers.) That sentiment was conveyed. by the refrain, 'Orange and green will carry the day.' (Irish cheers.) I say that, however, without the slightest feai1 of any danger that can com© to our party oi1 otiff sause from the serried ranks in ' thelaot ditch ' or the battle array. (Laughter.) 1 do not think the leaders mean much fight, and I Biacei'oly bops they do not mean any fight, (Hear, bear.) When they cool down a little, and the battle doeo not come off, and the swordo or 'toaotiag irons ' are Dheathed, and tho revolvers wMefe have heem ordered, we ai3e told, in snob, vasfc Qumbers, ave sent back to the mokei'a, and the rotten eggs which have been ordered elsewhere have been baried in the eavfch (laughter), tho Orangemen may see that the wisest tiling ia to settle down with us and let no all 'tclro 3f£ ows coats' and go to work together for tho regeneration of oui? common country. (Cheers from the Pna-'nellitos, ia v/Biek Mr. Gladstone joined.) Oho good thing, Mi'. Speaker, this debate haa clone — it hac en tirely disposed oi the mythical Ulfito?.1 which V7oo belioved in by so many, (Cheero.) We have ohovrs that Ulster id by tho majority oi. its population and oi its representatives a Nationalist province 3? Ireland. We have heard over and otol1 again that the Ulster members would do this and that. Who are the Ulster members ? Oao of them (Mr. William O'Brien) sits belov? me. I presume he would not vote for tho exclasica of [lister from the National Parliament. Thoro ire a number of Ulstai1 mosabors sitting arorand oao who are amongst the moot advanced mea?.= bers o£ tho Irish. National Party. 1 do not suppose they would voto foi1 the exclusion or Ulatev, In fact there is nothing wo could danire better then that this house should by some machinery take a plebiscite amongat the popular lion oi Ulstei? (Hoeqo Eulo cheers), and we should then soon see what wns left to bo said cor tho proposal to escludo Ulotev iroro. the ^holto? o'£ an Irish Pai'liamont. (Homo Bule jhosL'Q.) Bat I boliove that tbo exclusion of CTlatQi1 io not a vsiy sei'iouo proposition. It I :,m not miotakon, it formo part of the proceeding jhioh 1 ventured to liken to Popbina' immov ;al pica. I do hoc boliovo ihcX anyouo vrho .-jropocoa tlint plavi will get a greafi many iHomboM of fchia Iiouso, 6ven amongst the nocos iioniat pnvty, to ' march- through Coventry5' \Tith lim. It haa nothing to commond ifc to a too rnoiii's DGi'iouo eonsidsration. 1 do not think ihat vovy mony members of this house?, even :hono who hot/ rvow themsolvea sooesoiouista, frill follow any leado? of soceusion bolov/ tho gangway. It in pocsiblo that the hon. gentle men may play a gamo oi brnp;. There io n [egocd told about the American Wai1 oi: Indo» pendonce, A covtain heroic American carao in fi'ont oil a British forfe and called upon tho forfc bo ' QuvreBcloi' in tho name oi tho Grotit_Jehovah and of the Aaioi'icau Coafedok'ation.' ilis blufc gamo of brag was successful. Tho British soffiitnandanfe pulled down hia flag. It may bo that some such demand or sumjndov ia being mede at proconfc to tho Prime Minister with tile same loud sound and tho samo amount of foi'co bohind it. (Loughtor and Home Rule cheovs.) The pve8en£ Prime Minister is a very different kind o£ man from that English com mandant, and I am perfectly satisfied ho will not be induced by any bluff or game of brag to haul down his flag. I strongly trunk that the right hon. gentleman will listen to no auggos« tion for any serious mutilation of his measure. (Prolonged Home Rule oheers.) I strongly hope he will listen to no suggestion about hanging up this measure for another year. _ (Renewed Home Rule' cheers.) I trust that he will do exactly - as he did in the great reform- struggle of 1866, of which he was the most prominent man. I well remember the peroration of 'that memor able and magnificent speech with which he wound up one of the great debates of the Reform Bill in 1866, I well remember with what power and eloquence, quoting from the noble words of Virgil, he prophesied that an 'avenger would soon arise from the bones of those who were to perish on that field.' (Loud cheers from the Home Rulers, in which Mr. Gladstone joined with much animation.) Yety soon the avenger did arise, and curiously enough, from the quarter to which you might least ?have looked for it, the Reform Bill ia the following year waa brought in by the Tory party. (Hear, hear.) If I might venture to be prophetic now I would say to tho right hon. gentleman that the avenger will Purely rise from tho bones of those who may perish in the fight. Let hini persevere, and let the enemies of this Bill and of Home Rule do their worst. (Loud and prolonged Home Rule cheers.) On them and on their heads be the .responsibility— the terrible responsibility— for any course that may follow such a result as that. But let the right hon. gentleman go straight on to victory. (Home Rule cheers.) One thing I will say to him with perfect con fidence. I have not been much given to- pour- ing out language of high compliment to him, but I would say, come what will, the right hon. gentleman has secured National SelfGovern ment for Ireland. (Home Rule cheers, in which the Chief Secretary for Ireland joined.) The Irish people feel that and know that (cheers), and they will never forget it. (Prolonged Hosbq Rule cheers.) There was another great Englishman who stood up for the Irish peo ple, and whose merits aad whose services were so revered by them that oui1 national poefc Moore described the Irish banshee as ' wailing over his grave.' That statesman, I need hardly say, was Mr. Pos. Moore wrote of him. On his burning tongue Truth, peace, and freedom hung. I think the words might well ba applied to the right hon. gentleman. ( Ho me B,ule cheers.) I would urge on this Honse the necessity for the deepest consideration before they take any course which, may oeem to delay or destroy the Bill. (Heav, hear.) I apeak now of the prin- ? ciple of tho zaeaoui:©,. I aols this house to be most careful aad most cautious how it seema to stand betweea tho Irish people and the establish ment o£ this great principle. Goethe, in some great words translated by Carlyle, admonishes those who bess.1 Mm to 'Choose well ; your choice is brier, bub ofcoraal.' Now, I do not, of course, halievo that the eoassqoeaees of a mistaken choice in this ecso would bo anything like eternal, but they might be pninful5 they might bo long-lastad, they might do orach to destvoy the foaling of hopo ? and confidence and the peaceful derjire for a sattlosaacnt which is spread ing in tho breasts q£ ihe Irish people. (Home SgIg cheers.) But tb.o right hon. gentleman,. I I trust; will psreevera. Me has bean inviteds or challenged, to go to the eouotey. By all means, i£ it be nGcoa?aiy, let us go to ths country and ask the English people and the Scotch people what they think o£ tho right hon. gentleman aad oi th© cause iio now has at heay'c. (Home Bole cheers.) Lot bd fight the battle liore fi^at —let item do all they can to in j aro and deotffoy tho Bill. If they do'dostroy it, then let PcElia taont be dissolved — let tsa f.-,o to tiao couufey, and, in the good old phrase which 'iiaed to precede tho oi-dod by battle, c- God dotenci the right.' (Loud and prolonged cheering.) Mr. Finlcy, a Scotch lawyer, who had foi? days boon oitting with a big tumbles? of water on his kiioe mooting with pathetic diappointment in his efforts to eatoh the Speaker's eye, following Mr. M'Cartby, delivered one ox the rev/ able speeches against tho Bill. It waa a lawyer's speech, how ovqv, directed upon tho constitutional aspect of Homo E.ules and the strength was taken out of most or its nrgumento by the powerful address. of tho distinguished veteran of the law, Sergeant Sisons who followed Mm. From the Irish benches Mr. Jcraeo F. X. O'Brien con tributed s speech which contained many telling points. The frseon of some English members-— notably that oS: ' Bobby ' Speaker, who looked as if a cannon had boon suddenly, firod off beside hi'ffl — were a study when they heard Mr. O'Brien's gentle voice informing them that he had boon sentenced to be hanged, drawn, and quartered onca for his extreme Nationalism. Mr. Ohildei-D y?gq able to bring Ms own osperience aa a Colonial statesman to strengthen his argu ments ioi' Homo Rule. Viscount Eilcoursie mado a otrong speech foi? the Bill from the Treasury Bench. Major Saiandorson spoke agoinct the Bill. Aftei1 a beai;% ni^eech horn a represoatativo or the new English democracy, Mr. Picton, the debate vau adjourned on the motion ox Viocouni Lyaaiagcoa. Tuesday., May 26. This was one of the most important nights of the debate. After a speecli from that trislc legis- ? lator, Lord. Lymington, the Attorney-General rose in a full House. Saving the Prime Minister, no one from tho Treasury bench has made a speech, stronger in its argumentative power and at the - same time more moving in its eloquence than ? that delivered then by Sir Charles Russell. Full of vigorous reasoning, of happy epigrams (such, as the description of Lord Hartington'a policy as 'a series of homoeopathic doses of Local Government, administered at intervals of good behaviour'), of stirring appeals to generous sentiments, it car ried the audience with, it and made a deep im pression upon the House. .''/There were two speeches after the Attorney General's before Mr. Trevelyan spoke — one iu favour of the Bill from the Irish Benches by Mr. Flynn, the other an opposition one from Mr. Fen wick, a Liberal member. Mr. Trevelyan, although, very nervous, seemed in good speaking form until ' te1 ran- -foul of Mr: Parnell,fwheh,He collapsed, j His speech was clever — in fact, too clever.. :'jA'ni argument^ based'on 'aniiinagihary 'picture 'of ' -things to happen thirty 'years hence i8 not of the -kind to 'weig'h with inatter-of-fact Englishmen. But 'the curious part of Mr. Trevelyan's speech was the declaration (after the forecast of the Calamities that would ensue from Home Rule) of -his -'readiness to vote for the Bill if the Land 'Purchase scheme were dropped. This Delphic ^utterance must remain .uninterpreted until Mr. ?-.Trevelyan has another opportunity of explaining ? -what he' means. ;-It was instructive to watch the two men when Mr. Trevelyan began to quote from; speeches 'Mr. ParnelL never made, and- when Mr. ? -Par'nell rose to challenge the oft-tepeated calumny — :one man trembling and shrinking, the. other' ?with a nerve and will of steel. Mr. Trevelyan 'beat a' hasty retreat after the encounter, with Mr. .Pamell,; dropping his extracts on the spot, andi turning to another branch- of his subject. vi As he sat ddwn/Mr. Healy sprang up, and in a| 'speech which, will .be remembered as one of the' finest pieces of invective hoard for many years ini Westminster mercilesslytore to pieces thesophis-' 'tryt-f 'Trevelyan's arguments. , He covered 'the1 ^renegade Radical ?vsith Bhaine and ridicule. ' Mr., .\Healy's reply ' to the- ' Apostle of the*Pinch-of-' Hunger Policy' was one of the finest, orations yet delivered by.hinvin the House. His colleagues i were, boiling over p with excitement during its \- delivery, and found it difficult at1 times to restrain their effervescing* 'tumultuous .applause. Mr. ' Trevelyan ? crouched and trembled 'beneath the .'fierce scorn which Mr. Healy poured on to him r thick and fast.' . ? - . ! Mr. Healy's speech -was, I think (says the , writer of ~the; 'Parliamentary sketches- in tTnited Ireland), the greatest testimony of his oratorical !? genius 'he has yet given. It was a larger effort ?Tthan his speech on the first reading, and in most -'of* its qualities* it surpassed- that' -remarkable 'oration. '-'. Mr. Healy's, I should imagine, is a v nature intensely sensitive and sympathetic. It is the nature of the meridionala developed in the s environment oLthe Irish Celt — the .nature that ?^responds -like a harp to every note in-the gamut » .of 'feeling that now is moved. to scorn, now to ???tenderness, now to riant humour, now to hate ; :- the nature to which words come at will in pro fusion ever varied, and whose style is 'the rich, . ^irregular musing of its changing moods. This is the orator's nature, and those who study \- Mr;1 ?- Healy's « speech will 'agree with me, I '?-think, that to- Mr. Healy's 'other* gifts » heaven has; added those of the true orator 'who is no more to be made if he be nob born than ,-'tKe. true poet.- Mr. Healy spoke from his heart -f.on Tuesday night, and- those who were not moved with him, whether English or Irish, *I do no't icenvy. - OBy a speaker, of this. power it would hardly , be i considered' any merit that hejnade his speech absolutely without preparation: ? ?Yet people less' ^fortunately, endowed weli.may marv$l-.thafr this ? great effort of oratory was actually made upon %'f'the -spur of -the .moment.1' *Mr. Parnell has the, 't'commander's instinct for selecting the right men .{for, (the right work. Mr. Trevelyan's speeoh.had. vcto'-be* replied to. . He requested. '-Mr. Healy- to -?j undertake the duty.-althoughhe.knew-Mr.- Healy 'viwas utterly unprepared. J The event justified bis ,i 'confidence ; and for .my part. I think- the speech ?^'was all the .better of -being' forced to be entirety ? spontaneous. / .-«,»*?- ? '.?'_' . f -? ' 7 -.- ? , MR. HEALY'S SPEECH.*;. -.,.-?', \- . Mr. T. M. Healy -said— Mr. Speaker,, we^all' 'm know the. very great. statesmanlike .qualities,. the great literary gifts, and , the - very . high capacity :« of .the right .hon.i gentleman^ who has just sat down (laughter), and we must agree that if it 1 , were. possible, to* goVern Ireland aipon the existing ?*' system,-., if anyone could j have 'made success, it ? . would have -been..-the ? right hon. gentleman. * j '(Cheers.) : - However,' I don't think that even he will, claim, (when, he comes/ to write his auto ibiographyf (laughter); that his connection with ? ? our country 'Was- such, a success .-that he will be -?'i very1' much.-; inclined to 'boast. -of it.' (Cheers!)' Therefore, when we .find ji right hon. gentleman j. with -the immense -capacity and ,the many ?» 'sympathetic -? jquahties ..(laughter) and -.high .iv attainments of .the riglit *hon.-,.;gentlernan, 'iH would ask. the- House with what; authority can' ? the ^rights hon. gentleman presume, to speak here cC tovnight upon the;measure of the Prime Minister ? „ .'(Cheers.) -/What qualities does, he .bring to entitle it 'him to speak as a'judge upon this.debate ? ' Is it) . 1. tKe past experience .of failure ? (cheers)— an ex-' ;, perience of desertion (loud Irish cheers) ; for, when -'wo are told that what Ireland wants is a fir mi Go- ; v*vernment, a 'Government of resolute coercion, to . x maintain the law by vigour and-.by persistency— '5 '. if we don't' find these qualities .in the right hon.v ., gentlemen where are.we to look-for them? (Irish and^Liberal cheers.);; After two yeara he sickened ; ) of the job; .(Loud Irish cheers.) ' - Where is his ?v- successor ? (Loud cheers. )- --Out- of which of the ? ranks . of; the Liberal dissidents will you seek- for 1 ..the -man to carry. out Lord Salisbury's . policy of L coercion for 'twenty years ? Is -the right lion. . ' ' .gentleman /again* -prepared,' to - give »,up his own u. fireside and''his'.. literary studies and the glory t- of being a statesman of Great Britain for the s^ sake of (Carrying, out a policy of repression in '''^Ireland- for.'atpariod of twenty years? (Irish ? i 'cheers.) - In this business we are very greatly in v structed- byj.the fact that while the right hon. -?:- 'gentleman- opposes this measure, it ie very \- v strongly supported 'by another statesman who was connected with; him /in :Ireland, and it is very i remarkable that -while the right hon. gentleman was only for two years in Ireland Lord Spencer passed two. Viceroyalties in Ireland. (Cheers.) He did .not desert Ireland before his Government , fell (Irish , cheers) 5 and I think it would have ., been highly instructive if the right hon. gentle '.iinan would give the house some explanation why jhe'lef t the side of Lord Spencer in Ireland. (Irish '^cheers.) WHEBE IS HIS PLAN ? , , The right hon.v gentleman said that if a little ' alteration was niado in the Bill jt might be easily (inade,acceplable.( , We would like $0 know t what these alterations are? Where is his plan ? ( Irish and Liberal cheers.) It is very easy to make objections. Let us take the question of religion. 1 I belong to a particular religion, the right hon. gentleman belongs to a different religion, and it . would be,noanswer to me to' 'say 'if you make an alteration in our religion it' would be acceptable ' * 'to me. Which of the Seven Sacraments- inust I *'? leave out? ' Which of the Teh Commandments must we ro-edit ? (Irish cheers.)-* 'What are the tre;h'is\do,ctrihes-;and dogmas .-?-. (Hear, -hear.). We lave before us a consistent and logical' scheme. If rou destroy that,r what will you' put in its' place ? Lre the Liberal dissentients 'going into -thejlobby ;o vote for the ghost of af scheme m preference to t- thing of flesh and blood-? (Cheers.) \- THE GBAHAMI6EB. , The hon member began his speech by quoting to in a paper three or four, thousandr miles away, !rom the Irish World. No Irish newspaper- is juoted, while American -newspapers and Ameri jan speeches are continuously quoted. 1 , If the [rish Wokld is continually quoted against us, L shink ifc would have been more h6*nesl; and fair if1 ihe right hou. gentleman had allowed us, the privilege of reading* the newspaper for the last three years. (Irish. cheers.) , I don't know any bhing that can be supposed to be a greater stain' sn your Government in Iceland than that a high afficial, of high principles and great :. honour, must in the1 position of I the Government in Ire-' land tear open newspapers and letters sent to- peraonsjiike me.i' (Irish cheers.) ..,? . . . Mr.vTrevelyan — Thatds-a serious imputation. -il- never opened a newspaper orv letter in. my whole Life.] (Cheers.)* ??)?'.« f, ? / ^',~ \~ ? I --? , Mr. Healy — All I-know^ is, that I nevergot the paper, while the iright;hon. gentleman kwas -in Ire land, that I have got it ever since lie left, for even the Tory. Government f-were- ashamed to , enter on tbermiserable business of Grahamising letters and newspapers.^- -The xight- honc gentleman, may riot have opened jmy lettprs, 'but .lif ? he-did notrdo it for himself he gotu some1 one else t5 do it for him; andiwhat English members have to consider is. this — That if you reject this scheme the alter native programme offfered'is the 5 sending of (high minded Ministers like ' the right hon. gentleman to Ireland, attd getting low-minded officials to do their- dirtywork.' (Irish cheers.)'.- .?' ' . 1 \- ? MB. TBEVJSLTAN'S CHANGE OF STRATEGY. , . -1 -The right.hon.'gentleman.to-nit»ht, I observe has taken up a different itone from wha.ts he did when he-was a member jof the Government. He did,not charge us with being editors of papers, as he did when I was a writer, 'and - my hon. .'friend, the member for South Tyrone, editor, of a certain paper — when he described' us as being writers for papers which were ? as much' a part of. the machinery of 'assassination as j the dagger or revolver. .That was the declaration, not made in this House, where we never scrupled to answer him, and where he was not so ready to answer 'Us, but-in the town of Hawick among his constituents. There heanade that- statement that my.1b.0n. friend and I wrote for ther papers that were as much ,a pfart of, the machinery of assassination, (jas ^the, dagger. ^ (Tory cries of '' Question'.apd. cries of .'^Ouder.,') ' ^'Why'.does .not ,the-tJpght,hon. gentleman .quote tnese'news .papers^.npw'?,' Way does, he rusti'to.the Ibish Wx{Biii),'ti'f United (Ireland was'gocdenpu'ghT'to quote i from during his regime ? ' If the Fbeeman and,th'e Nation and other ^Irish, newspapers were good enough before, 'why' does he go 3000 'miles. awa'y to thet Ibish Wobld?.. /', ' ','' MB'.' TBEVELTAN-i'ALLS BACK tJPON' HOSTILE| , .. ' flrwill tell you/^hy. ? The reason* is because,, for years andyears the Irish WoBXiD;has neyer ceased , to attack 'us (Irish^cheers)',' because it' .has ,' bleen bur 'most' persistent enemy,'; and. when, he, quotes: this ,newspapeivleVme tpUrhini'. thia-T^Ke' quote's froni.a spe.ech.said iJo.hajve been delivered in jOin-i cinnati,,and by John F^nnerty'. ^Let me tell' him, this, — We iare^sometimes'iiaunted.in/^this ^o'usei with being recipients, of 'Amqi^can mQney..'.^'je11, any money I have.eyer ;regeiv,ed JIssh6uld'be* ve,ry happy to receive in ^'uTilic,'. 5 .j^sp'pke in 'Chicago after a great ' convention^ attended 'by^ over' a thousand . representatives °of ' .th^e Irish * rape in the country, , and, I itoIdthem'jwHen' wha^'Jwas1 termed an ' advanced policy', was' recommended, that the ^policy/of jthe^IrisHymembers was'^no more to be influenced by;Americ9jn'dollars,i;han by British' gpld. (But when'vI'niade, that state ment it was cheered to the -SchV by' these 'thou- sands,, but that* 'sentence} was 'omitted 'by the Ieish WoBrib: -It did'riotsuit tneir'boqk to'pub lish itjatfd is it torbe said1 that this '.newspaper, denounced* by1 ' eight ' bishops 'in Cincinnati 'in^lSSO, ''and repudiated altogether,-, are.- we - to be 'advised or controlled by'tliis Ir'ish' |Wbi6Li- ? We' may be told perhaps' that we received money through that'newspape'r; 'Well',' so wp| did^thafc is,' the'1 'Land t League v ree'eived subscriptions through f its ?eolumhs'^:b'ut we'would have' got'the subscriptions 'if thervliiiSHpWdBLD'never existed. I^might' bVad deft- thatf the TrisH National League ?never'tireceiVed'*subscripti6ns -thtdtigh- the' ^Ibish 'Woeld. '' The-' speecli oP Mf: J'!Pinnerty; '» quoted by tide right' hon; ''gentleman'/ 'was deliyered-on Emmet's Say,Jand I ask'ed for the'date/'and that Emmet's Day, 'so far'ras he rememberedy was'-on the 4th day of - March,. and the Bill--was brought ?in on the 8th,.April, 'though the) right hon. gentle 'man 'stated- distinctly ?.that', the: speech ,of- ffin nerty was made long a£te,r- the Bill fof;the; Prime ?Minister , was brought, in.,: ? This, simply, showed the vice there is in haying-important} Irish ques tions discussed -in tli^s haphazard f ashion; ' ^ , ABOUT THE TBIBTTTE. ?? ,A The right hon. gentleman went into a great num ber of matters that might well be kept for and would better apply to the committee sta^e. Amoug'st the rest he referred to the tribute. Will (lie right lion, gentleman support us when we ap peal lo hiivo the trilmto lowered ? We claim a reconsideration of the financial part of the Bill. The question st i wi'u i 0110 of principle and not one of pou-nl', shilin,^, aud pence, and I am sure thai En»li'jhuion who h\\.cnt millions of money in the Wosc Indies and spilled blood like water in the Crimea for what was but. an idea, a sentiment, will not regard tlu1 question of Ireland as a ques tion of six-and-eightpence. You have a- great Empire, vulnerable at all points, and in the Irish people you have as bravo aud martial a people as ever lived. Why not cement the union between these two peoples, and make the Irish people at home contented ? (Irish cheers.) ,., . . THE EFFECT' 03? . SYMPATHY. The Irish people are being, accused of .being a sentimental people, but at the same f time; they are a warm-hearted and sympathetic people, and I certainly difl not* believe it possible — I did not think that anyone could have imagined it to be possible — that such a change would have been worked upon the mind and conscience of a nation as was wrought by the speech of 'the right hon. gentleman 5 and' I .believe I cquld;go to any convention of Irishmen in the world and obtain acceptance of the Bill. In past times wo thought msFm,;m:-n9k&; l»«te3gW49S ;.,Wl-, wad opponents— we .believed that.. fin i^he main we were addressing men Whoso ears were stuffed with lead. , For my own part I -don't mind saying I have' been touched and moved not only by the public utterances of English gentlemen, but by the expressions of private sympathy for my country. (Irish cheers.) The great difficulty, in fact, was to get the ear of the people. Mr. Mitchel said it was impossible, but this is not so now. (Hear, hear.) In some of the most influential provincial papers, the Manchester Gttabdian, the Liverpool Daily Post, and others, ? the speeches and declarations of Irish members are being quoted, and this is bound to make a change. \- THE OLD1 SYSTEM: OF MISBEPBESENTATION. Look at the way in which we have been misrep resented in the days gone by by the gang of con spirators in Dublin who cater news for newspapers in England. The other -day Earl Spencer made a speech in the City of Newcastle, and the following day— I. was speaJdng at the -National League the day ? before — it was represented in the English papers that I 'had declared that I had never with-, drawn 'anything* I' said .about Earl Spencer, and never- would, whereas my .speech was in effect directly. ' the opposite. ,- (Hear,- hear.) I eaid I would withdraw nothing , where nothing was provedpbut.at ^the same time I paid a tribute to1 the magnanimity of his character, and compared dt.swith .that of some other right hon. gentleman !.pretfey , much like the right hon. -member for the' 'Border Burghs. (Loud ironical Irish cheers.) THE ABSTTBD1TY OF rBECAt,LING FOBMER SPEECHES, , But let us assume' that the present Irish mem bers are a very bad lot (laughter), wholly unre generated. v The hon. member for North Armagh (Major Saunderson) has asked — ' Would you put Ireland under the rule of men like these ?' Let us admit that -I have-made strong speeches, that my hon. friend themember for Cork and my hon. friend ithe member for South Tyrone hare made strong speeches,* such' as no Englishman could approve of. -.On this account shall we leavp off ,-for. ever .the settlement of the question ? (Irish cheers.) ' Is , Ireland to be- for all eternity condemned to; slavery on' account of speeches of passing- moment by ephemeral representatives ? Are the- toiling . peasants of Ireland, who have been rack-rented and crushed, to remain so for ever ? Are these 'people to be deprived of their rights .-because their representatives in times of passion and crisis have made speeches stronger than1. Englishmen would? (Cheers.) Why, the thing is- absurd. (Cheers.) I think, that the speeches jof Irish members should be quoted as reasons against Ireland - receiving her Magna Charta by the right hon. gentleman, is about as reasonable as , if King John had quoted the speeches of , barons before they got the , Magna .Charta with a view .of showing that they were such rowdy and turbulent personages as should remain outcasts. (Laughter.) ? THE IRISH PABTY. i I think- we may assume that the Irish people have — at least I will claim it for them — some. of those ' qualities ' which -right hon. gentlemen suggested/ sneeringly, we do not possess. I claim^ for them the ' same qualities pretty much -as any other people. (Cheers.) Taking this party 1 ofi ours,- it fshould.be remembered that it is a ^party calleditogether under -great disadvantages. (.He^r, hear.) -* We have been . called from our farms, our workshops, our desks, our countine houses, andi'Our professions. We were taken at random and not carefully chosen. We may say, therefore, I think, without much' egotism, that, perhaps; allowing for two or three great excep Jtionp, we' have had as much intelligence, industry, and I will even say righteousness (great laughter ? as any other party in the House. .(Laughter and 'cheers.). Compare us with' any other party — with the 'loyal minority,'' for -instance. (Loud and prolonged laughter.) Sir, when you wanted a statesman in England you did not look at the -part of Ireland ? he came .from..,, You did not, task j Lord Wolseley ? when 1 you, wanted a- General whereihe earner from. You, did not ask Lord 'Dufferin: where, -he was born. (Cheers.) The iDuker.of* Wellington's -governing capacity wai admitted, although he was born near Dublin .'(Hear, liear.) . , Having had the .benefit of Irish statesmen 'in' the past, and having been proud to serve under .Irish Premiers, having Irish soldiers to fight your battle under the leadership of Irish generals, I think you must admit that the people whom-vyou have -treated 'in this way in the p 1st may'. be, allowed} to - undertake a moderate and sober system, of self- government as well as any other pqpple on the globe.,, (Cheers.) ' .' MB. TREVELYAN'S BLOODSHOT PROPHECIES, .The right hon. gentleman says-that' a terrible state will arise: in Ireland if this Bill passes.' I would like to aslc him what state of things will arise if it do not pass ? (Irish and Ministerial cheers.) ,TTas not the right hon. gentleman con sidered that point at all? 'Would he run the risk of undertaking the government of Ireland after having with a light heart gone into the di vision lobby against the Prime Minister ? He speaks of the mischief to be 'done by: the Bill, but we know of no mischief except the prophecies of the right hon. gentleman. ' (Cheers.) Upon the subject of prophecy, Grattan once said, ' Yon cannot argue with a prophet;; you can only dis believe him.' (Great laughter.) ? And that beincf so, I ask English gentlemen who are only opposed to some details of this Bill to consider whether they will take the tremendous risks of opposition to this 'Bill and plunge Ireland into all those dangers — consequences .tenfold worse than any thing that has arisen during the century ? (Cheers.) GAINING. THE GOOD-WILL OF IRELAND. At the present moment for the first time in their history the Irish people are in a receptive temper — for the first time in our history an Eng lish statesman has come K forward with a scheme of reform without any-, pressure or threat of civil war (Irish and Ministerial cheers), under no pres sure of foreign- complications, without the blow ing down of any Clerkenwell prison. Out of the depths of his own experience he recommended to the Irish people a scheme. The action of the Prime Minister has produced a softness of heart amongst us. , (Cheers.) I would ask is it desir able to let so acceptable a moment pass away ? (Cheers.) Is it desirable to thwart and obstruct the man who is recognized by all to be the great est English . statesman of , the century (loud cheers) 5 and if he is unable to settle this question and settle it at; this moment which of your puny whipsters is going to settle it ? (Loudf . and pro longed frisliaudiiMiiuis^eriqd^lxeops.) u-. , ' , , - , THE CONSEQUENCE OF DEFEATING THE^BILIi.i , When we were only forty in numberj',aud twenty, generally our effective strength, the right hon*. jentleman, the member for the Border , Burgas; yas not so fond of standing up against us at that , ;able. (Hear, hear.) He told his constituents }hat ' he would rather face a fixed battle than :hose twenty or thirty men.' Should he defeat bhis Bill, how would he like to be the minister with the task of attempting to pilot through some petty ^scheme of county boards in the face of an trish Party of more than double that strength ? [Loud cheering from the Ministerial and Irish benches.) All these arguments about the dismem berment of the Empire, separation, and setting jlass against class, and the ruin of civil servants ire familiar to the Prime' Minister. He heard bhem all fifty years ago, before most of us were born. (Laughter.) PIQUANT EXTRACTS. Take a speech of Lord Derby delivered against bhe Canadian settlement in 1827. Lord Derby, then Lord Stanley, said — one would imagine it was the member for the Border Burghs (Mr. Trevelyan) who was speaking. (Laughter.) He 3ays — ' What would be the consequence of granting the Canadian demand ? The establishment of a French Eepublic in Lower Canada. (Laughter.) The cession of legislative independence will re move the only check to the tyrannical power af a dominant majority.' ^ . (Laughter and ironical cheers.) That is rather a West5 Birmingham (Chamberlain) touch. (Great laughter.) He goes on — ' A majority (this is the pick of the thing) in numbers only, while in wealth, education, and enterprize it is greatly inferior to the minority (Loud laughter and ironical cheers,) The mino rity of the settlers are of British descent. Now we have a bit like what the hon. member for North Armagh (Major Saunderson) says (laughter) — , . , ' And one thing is certain, if these settlers find themselves deprived of British protection they will protect .themselves. (Great laugliter, and prolonged aud ironical cheers.) Measures to this effect could be taken within six months after the cession/' (Laughter.) They were going to wait for six months, but the hon. gentleman — I was going to call him 'gallant' (laughter)— the member for Belfast (Mr. Johnston (announced that the step would *be taken by the Loyal Minority on the ve y day after the introduction of this measure. (Laughter.) He spoke at a. meeting of the ' Eoyal Black Hobah Preceptory'- (great laugh ter), 'which I presume are as pecies of Bombardiers in Dublin. He said— 'The very day of tho introduction of this measure would be the signal for civil war.' (Laughter.) THE GIANT AND THE PIGMIES. Do hon. gentlemen opposite (Liberals) who talk of their duty to their constituencies and their desire to preserve the British Empire untarnished believe that they are more patriotic than the Prime I^nister? Have they contributed moro to the greatness of the Empire than he has? (Cheers.) Have they given the throne a firmer foundation in the hearts of her Majesty's sub jects ? (Cheers.) Have they the benefit of his vast experience and the pledges of his great name ? (Cheers.) Why should mere children in politics bo meu who hesitate and are of little faith ? (Cheers.) We have now before us the safe working of what will be the means of allow ing two great democracies to join generous hands. (Cheers.) I say that any man, whatever his official position, or rather ex-position, may be, should be cautious before he speaks as one who desires to prevent the union of those great demo cracies. (Loud cheers.) LOYALTY OF ORANGEMEN. It will perhaps be interesting to the house to know the exact position taken up in past times by the Orange Society. One of the chief points in the Orange charter is that its members are pledged to maintain the legislative union. The Church Act was passed, and what happened ? This resolution was proposed — I ani, reading from the Book of tho Grand Lodge in 1872— by Bro. Edward Wrdler, Deputy Gr?nd Master, who oc cupied the chair : — 'EesoLved — That all statements and provisions in the objocts, rules, and formularies of the Orange Institution which impoee any obligation on its members to maintain the legislative union between Great Britain and Ireland are expunged therefrom.' (Hear, hear.) That resolution was carried by 22 votes to 18. Lord Enniskillen, who was Grand Master of the society at that time, wrote to tho Evening Mail on the 5th of February, 1871, in these words — ' Having seen a statement in your report of the 3rd instant to the effect that a resolution had been carried at the last meeting of the Grand Lodge of Troliud abolishing all pledges with re gard'lo the Loujislativo Union, L heg to contradict the statement. The resolution was lost. Had it been c.inied 1 and many would hiive imme diaiely withdrawn from it.' The si.demonu v,ris line and it was not true. A majoiiby -\otul Jor the iCooiution. but 10 cany jiny resolution changing the constitution of tho Omn-;e body icquiios a majoiity oi i \o-thirck, and hut for tu.'b circumstance the n dh lo main tain the jiO'^i-lrilive Union would no lonf--ev appear on the books ot the Orange Society. 'Who stfiitod the 1 1 omc I? ale movement in Ireland ? The Orange Society. (Hear, hear.) MR. BUTT'S ORANGE PARTY. Mr. W. Johnson — Mr. Speaker, I be^ to contra dict that most positively. Mr. Henly — Great latitude must be allowed to the hon. member, Mr. Speaker (laughter) — when we meet him in the field perhaps we shall have to take sterner measures. (Laughter.) The Home Rule movement was started by the Protestants and by the Orange Society. Nearly every man who met Isaac Butt in the Bilton Hotel, after tho passing of the Church Act, was a Protestant — many of them were Orang-omen. The gentleman who acted as secretary to the great Home Eule Convention in 1873 was named Colonel King Har man. (Laughter.) They raised the flag of Home Eulo and wo nailed it to the mast. (Hear, hear.) No less a person than Cardinal Cullen, who was a staunch Churchman, took alarm at the idea of the country getting into the hands of the Orange an«l Protestant Nationalists, who he believed were act ing in pique at the disestablishment of the. Irish Church and were not seriously iuteatiQUQd j.^and a» it^prorecl^' 'When' thy Conservatives attained office 'in' ~ 1874 and' gave'-away1,' dignities; lord:lieu tenancies 'and deputy lieutenancies, such as the Hori.'&ad; 'ga'llant''member ? for * Thanet obtained, this [Home Kule pр 'melted away.' Consider \- some oi the resolutions' they passed. - Here is one' taken from the Nation of July 9thj 1870 :~ ? ' 'Eeaolved — That the Orangemen of the district of Dartry, county Monaghan, denounces tHe Pro- , cessions' Act-1 of Mr. Chi6hester Fortescue as -in- tolerable' and'inconsistent'with our rights and freedom, and one to which we never shall submit, and4 this1, added to other numerous1 wrongs, forces1 upon us the convictiou'that England-canno longer t b'e permitted' to legislate for this cVuhtryV and we; re3olve',that Irishmen shallnot be slaves in -their- ' own land, and we call upoii all clas^es'-of our eoun try men ' to assist us' by every -means to assert) onr freedom.' '-??? -?=',-'- ' - .- * ?' ' (Hear, hear ) I appeal to the lion, members who, represent the minority to make'some'sacrifices for the sake of thu enormous majority, who,' like a capf ive bird, hare Ion y been beating out their hearts against the bars of their cage, and' to 'gee' -if some change cinnofc be effected for- the better. That ?would b;- the attitude oE patriots (hear, hear), that ?would b-? th(- attitude of gentlemen seriously desir ing gocl noc to a particular class or particular re ligion, bub to the country at large; COOKED -ACCOUNTS. The right lion, membsr for Edinburgh stated some timejsigo that Ulster pays the -greatest proportion of Irish taxes. It is monstrous that a gentleman occupying his- position should make such a de claration. He arrived at it by taking the income tax returns under Schedule Band omitting ' Schedule D, dealing with the -mercantile and pro fiSf3.sKm'al'av'u;ationd and not having any connec tion with agriculture. He' said also that Ulster ?was tho richest 'portion of Ireland. The fact is ' there' are fourteen counties in-Leinster and Mun star 'richer than any 'Single ' county in Ulster. Meith id tho richvst county, Dublin' pays three tiinss th-s income-tax^ of ' Belfast, and if we con trast Waterfor'd'and Dirry,1 Waterford pays three times the incothi-tax of Derry. Education is also clairaed for Uiifcer. Dublin has '50,000 more of population1 than Belfast, but in Dublin there are only 86$ illiterate voters, while there are in Bel % fast'lS59. Then, again, there are more illiterates in Ulster than in Munster. (Hear, hear.) Run over the: whole gamut,' turn it as you please, you will find that in wealth, ; education, and intelligence, as tested by statistics, Ulster is much bolow Leinstcr. AN INSULTING INSINUATION. Finally let me say that I read witlv great regret the speech delivered at Bradford by the noble mar quis, the member for Rossendale. The noble marquis has not attacked this bill by a side wind (haar) — liu has not attempted to stae. the ?Prime Minisfcsn1 iv i tih a blade lubricated p ith compliment. .(Hear and laughter.) He might, however, have spu'ad us from the iaaiu nation that we are as seating to this bill because we regard it as a gigantic bribe. That is ruy interpretation of his speech. lie said— ? '?' I know that those leaders and teachers have every reason, to be satisfied with the prospects now opening before them. To thorn there is opening a prospect of political power and in ? ? fluc-nce in theic own country. To them is open ing the proepect of the tpoils ol political vic vtoi-y.33 To make such an insinuation regarding the Irish 'inambers who have faced every rislc that was pub ' before us is perhaps the greatest insult that could ? ba paid by one member of the House to another. It is about as contemptible a form of argument as I ever entered into the heart of a British aristocrat. (Hear, hear.) The right; hon. member for Edin burgh says vre will drive the wealth out of the country. We may do so. Some English gentle men have managed to drive the wealth out of Egypt, ancl have not hesitated to dabble in its stocks and shares. I venture to tbiulc the Irish Legislature will not be bulled, and beared, and ragged by some such firm as that of Goschen'tuid ?? Joubert. (Hear, hear, mul laughter.) I would mention against the noble Marquis's insinua tion the fact that whoa a balance of a fund raised to defend my lion, friend (Mr. O'Brien) was handed over to him for his personal use, amount ing to J21000, he sent it all to the poor in his old constituency, without regard to religion or poli tics. I should like to ask what has driven Irish members fco speak words of ferocity in thi.i House ? (Hear, hear.) We are men like yourselves, and just as vre have been driven to exhibit those fierce feelings by one line, may we not now, by different ?treatment, be compelled to exhibit other and kindly feelings ? I believe in the alchemy of jus tice, and in its permanent effects, and you will find if you treat the Irish people with justice, they will join in. endeavouring to mako this em pire one of which w-3 may all be proud. (Cheers.) On the motion of Mr. Rigby the debate was adjourned. 