LOCAL EEMINISCENCES. The famous terraces at Waikato are wonderful freaks of nature. Between them are deep mysterious gulches, sunken canyons, terrifying ravines with curiously interesting cones, and over all these frown from the near distance the majestic mist capped mountains, while, as if circling the base of this marvellous scene, there foams the turbulent river. The scene is one upon which one might feast for many an hour, and the while feel himself being lulled into contemplative repose by the murmuring of the beautiful stream, which although apparently so -enticing, is so -impregnated with mineral proper ties that fish cannot live in it. Many of the steep conical hills have impenetrable chasms through which the pent-up molten lava must have burst and rushed in fiery torrents into the ravines below, and that, too, at a date not very far distant. Other hills are embellished with unmistakable evidences of fierce conflicts in which foes met to conquer or to die. These fortifications, or what remaini of them, stand' as a lasting testimony of the strategic powers of the courageous Maoris. The little town of Oxford, which has become ihe harbor of refuge of bo many who sought to escape from Nature's scourge, is a well ordered comfortable place. Its main attraction is a hotel, where a genial host has a hearty welcome for ail who enter 'neath his hospitable roof. It is there where so many have 80 recently sought and found comfort in their house less desolation. Perhaps there is ao spot in New Zealand more full of romantic scenery than Sotorua. In the centre of the placid waters there is an ideal spot, the Mokoia Island, and fringing th« highiy tinfced waters there etend out with striking promin ence beautiful white cliffs, which are crowned by an ever changing wreath of thin vapor. But in this grand scene there is one element so distasteful that one would like to be deprived of the sense of smell while in those noxious regions.- As the traveller proceeds toward Okinemntu the stench of sulphur and the abominations of constipated nature become more and more oppressive. It is here where wearied and time-worn nature can be restored to almost infantile vivacity by the mysterious influence of the tepid baths, which for pure unalloyed sybaritic deliciousness the Madame Bacliel bath ranks supreme. Near that place is the picturesque little spot Wairoa, which seems to have a peculiar charm for the stal wart Maoris, many of whom, it is to be feared, have here found the end of that life of indolent luxury peculiar to the natives. There, as Veil as in the vicinity of the geyser village of Whackarewarewa, there is a scene of striking grandeur. At the latter place the startling animation supplied by the spout ing geysers and the ever rising, but never ending clouds of vapor, are supplemented by the most horrible and inexplicable sounds. From tile great geysor there bubbles scalding water wherein it would seem as if the whole hosts of his Satanic Majesty were in the last throes of death, and were giving up the ghost with an accompaniment of the most fiendish curses. It is a terrible but grand sight. But for wonder inspiring revelations there is no place which bristled more with a strange admixture of unconquerable life and death-like solitude than did the district Gurroundiner Mount Tarawera. The mount seemed to stand forth in majestic grandeur, while near at hand there lay the hot seething geyser. 