Thile Weird Bird of the Souoth Atlantic. As the craft bowls along in, the South Atlantis a new world seems to open on the voyager. The constellation of the Southern rose as b scarcely become familiar to him before he begins to coo animal, or rather bird, life altogether new to him. One of the greatest novelties of this hind that can over impress itself on the mind of man is the albatross. Some morning the lounger will reach the deck and, casting his eye in the wake of the ship to judge her speed,will sees speck just above the horizon far astern. Growing larger and larger as it appronahes, it finally dovelopes into a gigantic bird, and the old sailor, conning the helm, will gruffly suggest the fate that it is proper for the tyro to wet his first introduction to an albatross. There is something inexpressibly weird about the bird itself, as well as in its manner of flight, and it is a matter of little wonder to those who have seen it that a brain such as Coloridge's should have hit upon it for the text of his Lady of the Ancient Mariner. Without a beat of wing, without motion of the body, the bird will, by long, oasy.going ..talks. swoon un from asternom until it gets within easy watclhing distnnoo from the ship it chooses to fellow. It will then "lay to" at that respectful distance, antd, after taking thorough stook of the stranger that has in. vaded its domain, will, with no apparent effort, swoop past the ship to port or star board, as the case may be, pass it by several cable lengths, and then, laying to on the opposite hand to its advance, allow the ship to pass it, and will then oneo more take up its post as rear guard to the procession. Nothing can be more ghost-like than the action of the albatross in thus passing or being passed. No stroke of the wing occurs, and all the motion apparent, except that of the almost uninteligiblo cleaving of the air, is the half turn of the bird's head toward the ship, made as if to see what manner of boost this was that had come to bother it. Though sailors are over prone to superstition, they seem not to be very particular as to tbh saoredness of the albatross, and will always assist in a capture, in spite of the curse Colo. ridge associates with its killing. TnE lorde and ladies of the King of Dahomoy's court don't wear stockings; therefore it would be useless for Queen Victoria to confer the garter upon any of them. They would boap. to use it for a dog collar if she did.-Norr. lHerald. STATELY old dame (housokeeper), during abo sence of the family, showing thb bed Queen Elizabeth slept in. Visreon : Is it bona fide 7 DAMU (bridlinq) : No, sir; Hiriglish hook, SsHAESPEA.nE remarks that " the good men do is oft interred with their bones." That may have been the rule in Shakespeare's time, but the rule nowadays is to print it in the news papers and carve it in big letters on the grave stone.-Puck. Mrrnnosa (to applicant)-Yes, I want a nice French maid. The lnst one I had Ionlykept a abort time, because she couldn't understand English. FrenchMlaid-Ye'llhave no thrubblo of thatkirndwid me, mum. Oi not only under ethand English, but I spake it, too.-N?oe lork Sun. HosT women value a clear comploxion, if attainable. Holend of Troy is said to havys bathed daily in wine and milk to preserve the purity of her silky skin. Cleopatra. used various medicated ointments and fragrant. cosmetics to enhance her charms. The be witching Catherine of Russia habitually washed in strawberry juice; while strange and grim tales are told about the preparation of the mysterious baths Ninon L'Enelos is supposed to have indulged in. Our fair sex are less luxurious in these days, and we find that ladies who value a transparent white skin, a delicate complexion, in which the tint of the rose is softly blended with the snowy hue of the lily, are now being advised by an eminont authority on the art of keep ing beautiful forever, to frequently apply the and of a raw potato to the faco and noek by gentle rubbing. After trubbing, the face and noek should bo washed, and gentle friction is to follow. Ladies are strongly urged to always keep draw potato on the washstand. One great advantage the potato seoms to possess over many other skins beautillers seems to be its oexceeding cheapness, as one potato can be used over and over and over again, sineoo it is only necessary to remove a little of the outer surface and to pare off a thin slice before applying the freshly cut surface. A noon story is told of a prominent member of society who has a habit of tying a knot in her pocket handkerchief when slho wishes to fiz anything in her mind which must be at tended to. She was engaged in a desperate flirtation on a certain occasion, and in her abstranction clsopped her handkerchief on the floor. This was noticed by her hostess, who endeavourcd to breakl up the flirtation by inviting her guest into another part of t1i house Asthe latter rose from her elhairseho stooped and picked up her handkerchief, noticing, as she did so, the knot tied in one corner. "Whlt havys I forgotten to.dany she asked audibly. " That you have a bus banl," replied the hostess. The story was repeatd, and the lady, who isn a welknown me handkmber of tch diplomati eerlo, always noweps ber handkerchief lgoo from knots now, 