ME. HENNIKEE-HEATON. The writer of ' Notes from the Irish Benches ' in United Ireland, 19th June, has something to Bay of a gentleman well known in Australia 1 — ? 'It only needs a look at Mr. 'Henniker-Heaton, M.P., poor ghost, as it sadly flits about tho lobby and in and out through the sacred doors, as it lingers lovingly among the scenes .of former joys, now sitting for a few minutes upon what used to bo its seat, now, testing again the sen sation of an authoritative chat with a news paper-man — it only needs a look at this wan wraith to make you feel what an unreal thing the House of Commons has become since its sentence of dissolution was pronounced last Thursday. Mr. Henniker-Heaton is a specially interesting type. Parliament to Englishmen like Mr. Hen nik&r-Heaton; is the Elysium of their ambition. Having made a fortune in Australia, Mr, Hen niker Heaton returns to England to enter politics, thinking probably to do like Mr. Childora or. like the Sandham Morse of Mr. Justin M'Carthy's latest novel. He will move heaven and earth, a.nd spend, his money like a sailor to gain hio end. He io ready to ' be a Whig, a Tory, Eadical, or Paruellite-r-whatev«r you like, only put him into Parliament ! The Tories took the offer, and gave him a constituency. Like Daudet's Nabob, bleed ing through every financial pore, Mr. Henniker Heaton was lifted into publie life. For a brief six months he tasted the ravishing delights of M.P.-ship — enough to unfit him evermore for any meaner state. Now what an abyssmal change, should he' be one of the slaughtered innocents of the elections ! No more to strut with a lordly air up the floor of that holy of holies wherein none but the elect' dare set their foot 5 no more , to drop condescending tips to flattering scribeB in the'lobby ;'no-more conduct parties of constituents, , with' an air of ?? overpowering patronage, through libraries* and corridor*. Nay, henceforward to be b| anishod into outer darkness and utter insignifi cance !' '. Mr. Heaton1 has; however, been returned, and ( probably now has his eye on a Ministerial port folio. 