NEEDLES: Short, Sharp, Shiny. Who are the 25? Garonne arrived. Parliament opened. The poor reporters. A long session of synod. Mr. West-Erskine is ill. Parsons and the totalizator. Election squibs flying about. Twenty-five out of 49 voters. A historical Governor's speech. Mr. Krichauff means business. Poor Albert Ossington is dead. Jenkins is a naturalised subject. Mr. Jenkin Coles leads the way. The Treasurer wants.a prompter. The Czar has arrived at Moscow. Will honest Tom be back in time? Few startling or unexpected items. Candidates' supporters rallying up. Where was Mr. Coles's chirpy look? Mr. Hardy has taken up his old seat. Plenty of business for the Assembly. Uninteresting proceedings yesterday. Stamp duties to be proposed this year. "His Natural Life," to-morrow night. How many of the 25 would take office? Blockade of the Greek ports to be raised. That terribly long speech read over twice. Mr. Krichauff wants to know, you know. There are over 100,000 paupers in London. Free-trade or protection in East Adelaide? The vote for our defences is to be reduced. Does the Czar expect to get Constantinople? The revival of the diaconate motion carried. The Opposition listened intently yesterday. Breadth, vigor, and comprehensiveness lack- ing. Rowley does not look quite so happy as he did. Chamberlain won't attend Gladstone's meet- ing. The Russian cross to shine over St. Sophia, Ah! Parliamentary reporters only to have one room. Gladstone is ready to modify his Irish pro- Barossa water scheme to be brought forward again. Mudgee Taylor has had an enthusiastic re- ception. Compensation is to be given to Ossington's family. The English peers control 3,899 church livings. The Opposition not going to wait for Mr. Symon. Meeting about the Prince of Wales next Tuesday. The Ministry have given us nothing very startling. New Zealand is discussing a Civil Service Re- form Bill. The Duke of Westminster's Ormonde won the Derby. A Mining on Private Property Bill to be in- troduced. Three members of Parliament require leave of absence. Mr. Searle had a good reception at the Y.M.C.A. The Treasurer was lost in the crowd below the gangway. The same old no-confidence motion. Will it come off this time? Licensed Victuallers Amendment Act to be introduced next week. Paris eats far fewer eggs than formerly; but egg-eating has increased in London. The report of the Paris Exhibition of 1878 shows a deficit of 32,000,000 francs. Lady Dilke has written a volume of stories which is almost ready for publication. The exodus of Jews from Russian Poland has attained extraordinary proportions. Mrs. Mary Abbott, widow of a clergyman, died at Southsea recently, aged 101 years. Mr. Hardy when going up to take the oath looked as if he were being led to execution. Fifteen thousand dollars are still needed to complete the Bartholdi statue in New York. The catacombs of Paris were re-opened to tourists on April 27, having been closed since last year. The British wrecks in March numbered 116. The loss of 237 lives was involved in these disasters. The Iowa House of Representatives has de- feated the Bill prohibiting marriages between first cousins. A statistician avers that tbe average man spends £4 a year more for dres3 than the average woman. Colonel Alikhanoff visited the Russian camp of the Afgean Frontier Commission, driving, four-in-hand from Merv. It was once customary to swear by the beard. In the reign of Elizabeth dyeing the beard was a fashionable custom. The International Congo Association has, for want of funds, abandoned several of its stations in Central Africa. Two Brockton, Mass., papers have been fined £1 each for publishing advertisements concerning a local fair at which lotteries were held. The ladies in New York are pledging them- selves not to go shopping on Saturday after- noon, in order to promote the half-holiday movement. A World's Fair in 1892 in the United States capital, to commemorate the fourth centennial of America's discovery, is just now agitating the Washingtonians. Captain Waddell, formerly commander of the Confederate cruiser Shenandoah, and later in the Austral-American mail service, has died at Baltimore. The age of James Wright, a half-breed Indian, who died in Brooklyn, was put down as 120 years in the certificate of death filed with the board of health. It is said that it is no longer the style for girls to learn to play on the banjo, from which a critic infers that they now play on that in- strument without learning, A small fish, which a two-year-old boy in Hunting, Ind., was playing with some time ago, slipped from his hand and wriggled into his throat, choking the child to death. If Thomas Jefferson's ghost reads the news papers it will be proud to learn that four maids of honor of the Queen of Italy are beautiful American women, says a Southern editor. The public debt of Canada amounts to 281,316,000 dollars. In proportion to popula- tion and resources this is a heavier burden than when the war debt of the United States was at its maximum. A Bill has been introduced in the French Chamber to disestablish the bar. It provides that every litigant shall conduct his own case, and if he judges it unwise to do so may trust his defence or the conduct of his claim to one friend who shall represent him. Queen Isabella left Madrid for Paris, after what is described as a "touching parting" from the Queen Regent and the Royal Family. All were in mourning, and all were much affected. The people cheered their whilom Queen as the train left the stafion. A return just issued states that the number of persons who met their deaths by accidents, which occurred on the various railways of the United Kingdom in 18S5 was 957, and 3,467 were injured. The number of killed is 177 below the total of 1884, and of injured 633. Madame Giraud-Lesourd has just given to the city of Angers the sum of £8,000 to found an orphan asylum, on the condition that the staff of the orphanage consist in perpetuo of laymen and laywomen, and that it shall remain entirely under civil, to the exclusion of all religious, control. Among the notable bridges of the world is the one at Langang, China. It crosses an arm of the China Sea. This structure is some five miles long, and has not less than 600 arches. Over the pillar of each arch reclines a lion made out of a single block of marble, and yet 21 feet long. The roadway of this bridge is 75 feet wide. A treasure-trove has lately turned up in Eng- land in the shape of a copy of Mrs. Elizabeth Barrett Browning's earliest poem, "Marathon." It is said to have been written when she was 11 (1820), and to have been published, in a limited edition of 50 copies, by her wealthy and admiring father. It antedates by some six years her earliest known volumes. According to the bulletin of the Society of Naturalists of Moscow, the hitherto un- accountable destruction of pine forests is caused by the ravages of a species of mush- rooms, which takes growth on the surface of the wood and afterwards penetrates and destroys the trees. Maps are given in which the path of the destroying fungus is traced through the pine woods of Russia. 