A lflGHt 15 A DISE0TIX& ROOM. ; ' ' . - . A Ghost. Stohi. " There, with my usual luck I've left my instrument-in the directing room," exclaimed a student as he laziiy puffed at a cigar iii company with two or three others. m ,**,VVeil'. considering,you don't want them this evening I can't see any bad iuck in thar." observed his compamou, Hvith aliugh. " Yes, but don't you see," explained the tiist speakep, " just as I was going ttowii this looming 1 got a letter from the fair ^Angelina and I put it in my ease. Of course ! suppose 1 can't get it till to-morrow morning. I hope it was nothing particular for .1 hay'nt read it." His tone was so regretted tliat bis companions laughed gaily, for Trevor w£s noted £.»r his fickleness as regards his humorous love affairs. " Why don't you get it now ?" asked, one " Too lazy," was the languid answer, ss Trevor carefully stroked his moustache., of which he was immensely proud. " Too lazy," exclaimed one of the students. " T>>o afraid, you mean, my dear boy I know T well enough that you would not go into the disectmg room at night" for anything." What'llyou bet?" "Tea to.one." " Uight you are," and Trevor rose to his feet and started for the door. " Xot so fast, not so fast, we must get i candle and watch your proceedings. We 'will light you to the door, see you in. l r ou must go and get your instrument iii the darkness and wait ten minutes there, w hiie we wilt stay outside on the stairs uiuil you return." , " Very well, but make haste," cried Trevor, rather impatiently. Before many minutes they were at the disecting room door and Trevor entered the darkness, lighted only for a'moment by the glimmer of the candle his friends carried^ . iB^t this faint ray was soon extinguished as they shut the door and left him in total darkness. '-It was s^ dark,,that f well as;he- knew the place,' hp* had to.guide himself .by the tables hud could hardly repress a shudder as his hand touched now and then the : cold objects? that lay< thereon. : He, foiiud his case without difficulty, and .returned' to tlie dopr, and after waiting a few 'minutes turned the hainlle .tp. open .jit, To ;his surprise it did not yield to hip touch and he found.; that it was either locked oil fastened in sonie way. Thinking that •liis - companions ^ .were " only' Splaying a practical joke upon imn, he leaned gainst the wall aud waited for a w:hite till they returned:' Though he waited for some time they did not return, nor .eould i he heir any sound tliat betrayed their •ifhereabouts. "Too -bad," he muttered, as'he felt, in his pockets to see if he had any. matches, but only found that lie must have left them on his table and that consequently he. had ho means of getting a light. Foi^ a whil^ he paced up and down, thinking his friends might alter their mind and come to his rescue. That hope soon died out and he resigned himself to fate and prepared to pass the night in the room as best he. might. He was by no means a coward, though the consciousness of all the cold inannimate objects that tenanted the room might have appalled a braver man than himself. Use, however, is after all a second nature, and he thought no more of the dead than if they were resting in their quiet graves, instead of waiting in grim silence for the diseetors knife in the coming morrow. Passing once more down tae room he made his way as he imagined to were some empty coffins were piled against the wall of the room. In the darkness, however, he mistook the side, and. on pulling down a coffin to form a bed, lie found . that he had overturned one containing a corpse. Suppressing a shudder as the body fell against him, he seized the coiEn and carried it a few paces, away, and then iaid down in it. It was not by any means a comfortable couch, especially too, as it had been tenanted only a few minutes before by a corpse. However, as Trevor was not nervous he managed to make himself as comfortable as circu*astances would permit. It was very cold and he shivered miserably, but after a while ho fell asleep. After sleeping for some time he awoke to find that the moonlight was-streamingthrough'the high narrow windows aud failing in u-oad white bands over the desecting tables making all look intensely ghastly with its pure silver light. One ray had crept to were the former tenant of the coffin..lay, and Trevor glanced at it half shuddering as he raised himself on his arm and looked over tiie edge of his cold bed. It looked so much more rea! than the other objects that lay on the table, that. Trevor could not help looking at it again, with an interest that surprised himself extremely. Was it fancy, or was he going mad. but certainly as far as he could jiul^e in the dim light; the corpse seemed to be moving. "When living it mnst have liecn a tall man and now, as it lay i" the deceptive moonlight at appeared a very giant indued.' Yes surely it. was moving, first one powerful arm was lifted; :nnl then the corpse turned,, and rising itsd f gazed straight at Trevor. Trevor's blood seemed to stand still in his vein's, as he encountered that gaze. The figuro and face/were deathly while,, but now the eyes were open, and their fiery glance seemed to burn its way to Trevor's soul. Yet in spite of all he could not look away, but as if fascinated, gazed in speeches ja stogish men ttarralierea inmatcd corpse in front of him. Slowly the gigantic form reared itself, and, with a slow gliding pace crowd through the •moonlight woven bands .and paused in front of Trevor. . The, white lips sl«.yi l_v mo-red, and to poor. Trevor's horror Ins heard the tm object" speak ; — "So yon have joined our band," it said in a low deep voices " Had to Jeaiv your torture knife and come, Kim; Death does not exempt ev«m you, though you in yom foolish pride imagine'that yoii" defy him. The vanity of tiuiuau \ieiiigs. Hit I Ha!! arid the jiliost' 1 jughed a hideous laugh that echoed dnd re-echoed through the, till then, silent room.v From'side to side that terrible lauy.h rol'ed as if it had 1 been caught up by a thousand different voices. , • . v , . Slowly as if awaked hy the sound the other corpses• begau-to ;niov<?. .. Some scrambled dow-n from iiicir ouilins, while others niuiblyjumped from the disecting table. These last were, most pita >le. to see, some had no arms others hopped about on one leg, ivhilft othirs' again showed large gashes «nd cuts on their bodies. Their wounds however did not. seem to trouble them. $or even the ones who were headless, or liiinus l»oth legs and arms, came gliding towards the spot where the giant stood. Slowly they moved, in a sort of quaint measure that seemed peculiarly their own, yet'each ranged themselves around the colfiii, in which Trevor still reclined, too parilized to move or utter a sound. The ghosts joined hands, or rather., those who had hands, did so, and continued tlieir dance around their prisoner. Sallt LiJJiiirs.—One pound flour, two eggs, loz. butter, one teacupfnl of b.-ikiti j; powder ; first mis the baking powder and Hour, then add the eggs (which must he well beaten); the milk must be well warmed, and the butter disolved jn ii then .mix all together to a rather siifl; dough, cut it into four peices,, which must he made into the shape of "bnu.s, and flattened with the h^nd. Put theni into'the oven; at once, and bake for about twenty minutes. When removed from the oven paint over with a little egg and milk ; cut, butter, and serve them as you would crumpets. 