THE MAGAZINES FOR JANUARY. (SECOND NOTICE.) The Nineteenth Century contains Mr. Gladstone's reply to Professor Huxley and Max Muller's criticisms on "The Dawn of Creation and Religion." His apologia is a piece of genial rhetoric which, if not convincing, at least sets a lovely example of good temper in theological controversy. The passage which will be most commented on is this : " It may be we shall find that Christianity itself is in some sort a scaffolding, and that the final building is a pure and perfect their." This is a remarkable statement to come from one who has always been understood to uphold the principle of good semper, quod ubique, quod ob omnibus." In the same number M. Réville,-who was a originally attacked, answers Mr. I Gladstone's paper mainly on the myth-theory side of it. The recent scare about Home Rule has produced three papers. Sir Henry Thring writes on "The Fallacy of Imperial Federation." Mr. Barry O'Brien argues that the time has come for conceding with grace, and doing justice with completeness ; " and Mr. David Kay relates the story of federation in Austria Hungary. Mr. Frederic Harrison who is, however, rather late in the field simply pulverised Mr. E. A Freeman in an article called " A Pedontio Nuisance Mr. Swinburne, who has a special aptitude for landing inglorious Milton," rediscovers " Thomas Middleton." Sir T. Brassey's paper on the Navy will be read with great interest. He claims that in 1890 we shall be overwhelmingly stronger than France in sea-going ironclads of the first-class, though he admits that at that date France will be greatly superior to us in coast defence ships. At the present crisis everybody will turn first to Mr. Justin M'Carthy's article on Home Rule in the Con- temporary. And yet there is little to be learnt from it. Mr. M'Carthy argues that Home Rule must come, but he does not tell us what Home Rule ia, and that is the question which most wants answering. In a noteworthy article-leosonod, pot haps, a little too much from the theological standpoint the Bishop of Peterborough advocates the abolition of all oaths except those taken by witnesses and jurymen. This is a curious conclusion, for the oaths of witnesses may even now be dispensed with. Of the remaining papers, those on " The Salvationists," by Mr. Francis Peele, and on " Church Reform," by the Rev. V. H. Stanton (the well-known St. Alban's curate), will be found most generally interesting. The Fortnightly Review) (One is glad to hear that its editor has recovered his health is a decidedly good number. In an article called " Tho Elections-and After 1" Mr. Arthur Arnold tries to put Land Law Reform in the forefront of political questions. Mr I Gladstone as a theologian " is a paper by Mr. S. Laing, in which he takes much the same ground as Professor Huxley. " My Contested Election," by " A Defeated Candidate," shows that the Corrupt Practices Act has not, as novelists feared it would, destroyed all the humours of an English election. Other articles which may be especially recommended to the intelligent reader are " Darwinism and Democracy," by Mr. W. S. Lilly ; " 'The Rights of Reason," by Mr. St. George Mirast ; and Mr. Irving's Faust," by Mr. W. L. Courtney. The National Review contains an article on " Colonial Governors," which is smartly written, but enforces no special moral. The gist of it is that the duties of a colonial governor are delicate, and therefore require a man of tact and perception. "He is the representative of first Ojswn, and stands be tween it and the colonists as a just intermediary and a learned inter pi ices of the rights of Wh, 1Jt is obvious that he may be extremely well versed in for, and especially constitutional law and it is no less obvious that he must know mankind, and especially colonial mankind. To feel the pulse, as it were, of colonists, to gauge their humours, to distinguish between passing ebullitions of temper and a real, deep seated sense of grievance in a word, veins cognohccre names of the random fluctuations of legislation in a new society are gifts which should belong to colonial governors by nature and training. Crucial questions of policy always being presented to them upon which they have to make up their minds and report faithfully to the home Govern ment. What more upon tant colonial question can there be at present than the Federal movement in our Australasian settlements, 'i At the same time, what more puzzling quiet time can there be At every point local jealousies may be aroused, and local rights may be invaded, if precipitancy is displayed, and ill-digested"mensures are allowed to pass into law. To find a suitable modus vivendi between the various interests and peoples of our Australasian settlements to work towards a great ideal, without sacrificing individual and provincial rights, to mould the opinion of " responsible advisors" by timely and hen - sible suggestions, and to represent fairly the wishes of the Cabinet at home, are duties and functions which belong in special sense to her Majesty's supreme representatives in these colonies. If Australasian Federation ever becomes an accomplished fact, it may be taken for granted that at every important stage of the proceedings the hands of the constitutional Governors have, to use Lord Dufferin's simile, been ready to mollify and lubricate These are, in fact, well put truisms, and there is little else in the paper. Mr. Mallock continues his political novel, " The Old Order Changes. It is not a success. The writer grievously lacks Lord Beaconsfield's verve and lightness of touch. In the present instalment he attacks Mr. Chamberlain, under the guise of Mr. Japhet Snofier," with about as much successes. c, none at all as he assailed the late Professor Clifford in a previous work. To draw a portrait it is essential that the painter should keep his temper. Lady John Manners relates her Election Experiences" after a lively fashion. In one place there was a pretty chintz on the sofa where she sat in another there was much " booing and lowing ; " in a third the church had been recently restored. All these are interesting facts, but scarcely worthy of being recounted in a political review. Of the remaining papers the best is one on " Poetry and Politics," by Mr. Courthope. On the whole the Gentleman's Magazine is the most noteworthy magazine of the month. It contains Mrs. Lynn Linton's reply to Mr. Gladstone's attack on her in his recent article "The Dawn of Creation and Religion." This reply had been looked forward to with the utmost interest in literary circles, for it was known that it would be extraordinarily during in its tone. The anticipation has been more than verified. Mrs. Lynn Linton has written a really startling article in praise of the methods, aims, and satisfactions of the purest infidelity. Already the article is the talk of the town, "Wanted: A Reader" is a singularly clever story, by the author of " John Herring, in which humour and pathos are mixed in exactly the right proportions. " Sheridan and his Wives," by Mr. Percy Fitzgerald, gives the seamy side of Sheridan's character, and is full of interesting facts. "A Thinking Machine," by Mrs. Grant Allen, is an able resume of recent scientific opinions as to the working of the human brain. Blackwood contains a biographical sketch of that fearful female prig, Jane Taylor, who presided over the education of our childhood. Yet she was a woman of genius and imagination, only spoiled by the narrowness of her religious creed. " The Reminiscences of an Attache ' ' are, as usual, most readable. " The Grateful Ghosts" has much of the old Blackwood humour, The political article, which is called " Facing the Re- suit," recommends a military government for Ireland as the only alternative to utter anarchy. In Belgravia Miss Braddon begins a new serial called " Mohawks," which opens with great spirit. But one may ask the writer whether a country gentleman at the beginning of the last century, when on a visit to London, " dined at his club " ? Of course there were clubs in those days, such as the October Club, the Kitcat Club, and the Beefsteak Club j but these were merely literary or dramatic societies, which met in taverns. " That Other Person " is by an anonymous writer. It promises to be a thoroughly woman's novel of average merit. The short stories in this number are not as good as usual. 'Die indefatigable Mrs. Oliphant opens up new ground in her " Queen Eleanor and Fair Rosamond" which she begins in this number of the Conifcj'M. It is not a tale of the 18th century, but of modern Liverpool business life. The author of " Court Royal " keeps us enthralled with his most original story. "Grey Wethers " has nothing to do with cheap farming, but is a paper giving a clear and well-written account of the latest theories concerning Stonehenge. It is, perhaps, needless to say that the Druidical hypothesis has long since been given up. The writer offers good reasons for supposing Stonehenge to belong to the " later stone age, and to have been formed when England was still part of the Continent. In other words, Stonehenge is infinitely older than the Pyramids. Lovers of Dickens should not pass over the paper called "A Novelist's Favourite Theme" The AH Journal give an excellent etching of Briton Riviere celebrated picture called " The Last Spoonful." This etching is more than worth the price paid for the whole number, and is the best reproduction of its kind that has been been lately seen. Mr. Walter Besant, in 'Home Art," calls attention to the fact that the smaller arts are dying out in England. " In some countries the very children can carve in wood, in others they can make artistic pottery in Egypt they embroider, inlay and work in jewellery; but in this country our people can do nothing, and have learned nothing outside their trade." The engaging of Art contains no article of special interest, and the Rows of Chester are a really worn out subject; but many people will be interested in the illustrations of the little-known interior of Buckingham Palace. Chamber's Journal, Cassell's Family Magazine, and The Quiver are about up to their usual standard of merit. Title Folks comes out in a new form, and the first number-in the judgment of children, who are the only real critics-is an immense success. 