W O O D E N D . (From Our Own Cokeespondent.) ay 4. The sale of gifts in aid of Trinity College, Melbourne, and of St. Mary's new parsouagejfund, was continued on Saturday evening, and the sum of £15 was taken. The few remaining articles are to be included in an art union which is to come off shortly. The fortnightly meeting of the Woodend Literary and Dialectic Society was held on Slouday evening. There was about fifteen ladies and ten gentlemen present, the small attendance being due, probably, to the coldness, and darkness of the night, Mr Gibbs of Newham occupied the chair. Mr Daniel read a thoughtful and very entertaining paper on "Punuing and slang." Punning, he said, had been described as the lowest kind of wit, but he himself was of opinion that slang was lower still. Notwithstanding, they both were entitled to a place in literature, quite as much as the most ragged and disreputable beggar could claim t - belong to tlie human race. Dr Johnson was said to have asserted that a man who would make a pun would pick a pocket; but the great lexicographer was violent both in his likes and dislikes, and was full of exple tives. This was further proved by his description of fishing, which >< as that it consisted of a stick and a string, with a worm at one end and a fool at the other Puns—the essayist continued—had this advantage over slang, that their delivery might be delayed or avoided. But slang kne<r no distinction as to time, place, or circumstances. Indulgence in it was bad habit, easily contracted, but not readily abandoned. Tread in church on a man's corns who swears, and the chances were that despite the sanctity of his surroundings he would, what was vulgarly called, " let out." Some slang words were very stupid ; for example, stakes won by sporting characters were said to be "pulled off'' Such an expression reminded him of the old pastime of pulling a night-cap off a greasy pole, for successfully accomplishing which the sum of five shillings used to be advanced. Slang kept insidiously trespassing on our language ; aud words that were now objected to would be tolerated in the next generation, and would finally find their way into the die ionary. Additions to our vocabulary could not be reasonably found fault with provided they had a respectable parentage, but faliug that 'twere better than to admit them to resort to a good, full aud flowing periphrasis. Purity of language and elegance of diction were as much to be encouraged as slang was to be deprecated and despised. Sir Dauiel concluded with some humorous remarks as to the advisability of the Society compiling an improved edition of the English dictionary. A discussion followed in which the chairman and Messrs Cork, Jenkins, Muntz, Donald, and the Her J. Allen took part. Mr Jenkins promised a paper for next meeting ; and the Rev J. Allen was elected secretary in the place of Mr Binder, who was about to leave the district, having been appointed to a school near Castlemaine. Mr Daniel then delighted the company by singing in capital style "Giles Scroggins' Ghost," after which—the usual votes of thanks having been carried and one to Sir Binder—the meeting adjourned. The comet was well seen on Tuesday evening. It was about three degrees n to the south-east of ftigel, the brightest star j in Orion. The best optical aid for .viewing } it with is a good binocular glass. 