THE LONDON RIOTS. We published on Thursday a detailed account of the London riots in February, extracted from American files. The supplementary statements received by the Orient steamer from our own correspondent contain some additional particulars, which have, we are sure, been read with interest. The disturbances appear to have been of a more serious nature • than might have been inferred from the telegrams, although they were sufficiently startling and sensational. It is satisfacfactory to find that the description given by our correspondent confirms the impression produced by the telegrams that the organizations formed for bringing into notice the claims of the unemployed were in no way directly responsible for the riots. Their arrangements not only did : not include any preparation for an appeal to force, but, on the contrary, they seem to have taken special pains to guard against disorder. Their resolutions were temperately worded, and did not contemplate resort to any other means than those which are within the right of every citizen who feels that he has a grievance. Unfortunately a large outdoor gathering in a crowded city held in such a public place as Trafalgar-square cannot be completely controlled by any organization, however well arranged its plans i may be. The London Socialists took advantage of the opportunity afforded by the gathering to proclaim their doctrines, and in doing ao overstepped the boundaries of prudence and discretion. They employed the most inflammatory language, submitted to the approval of the crowd resolutions of a most violent character, and by their ill-advised conduct worked the mob up to a state of frenzied lawlessness, the result being a wilful destruction of property and brutal conduct towards passers by for which no excuBe can be offered. It is hardly likely that tha Socialist leaders Hyndman and Burns intended that their fiery language should be construed so literally as it was by the mob; but one can find no valid excuse for them, whatever may be said of the less prominent leaders who took an active part in exhorting the crowd. Hyndman especially is a man of education, who may be presumed to know both the meaning and the effect of excited language addreeed to an angry crowd, and he, therefore, cannot be held guiltless of the disorder to which the proceedings gave ris9. It is not likely, indeed, that the leading Socialists contemplated or desired an appeal to force; but there is one circumstance mentioned by our correspondent which is very significant. Some of the missiles used by the mob for breaking windows and damaging property were not obtainable in the immediate neighbourhood of the localities where the riots occurred. IN other wordB, they must have been expressly brought by those who used them. Hence we may infer that the disturbance was not altogether unpremeditated. Some at any rate came prepared for a row, and brought with them the stones and other missiles which, when the fitting time arrived, were used with such destructive effect. This incident, though disquieting enough, should not excite surprise. When one thinks of the enormous population of London, of the hundreds of thousands of hard-working honest people who are always trembling on the verge of starvation, of the vast army of criminals and others who eke out an existence in London in some mysterious manner, and who are constantly at war with society, and are for the most outcasts and neglected; in short, when one thinks of the vast mass of inflammable material that needs only a spark to set it into a blaze, the wonder rather is that the February riots should be so exceptional as to create a feeling of Eurprise. It" is more than probable that many who were bent on mischief were attracted by the announcement of the meeting of the unemployed, and that they came fully prepared for the work of destruction which on that disastrous Monday startled the inhabitants of the West- End of London, and taught a lesson which all will do well to lay to heart. The most astounding thing in connection with the riots was the imbecile conduct of the London police. They were inactive and powerless when they should have been vigilant, and they were foolishly fuBsy when they should have been discreetly reticent. They took no adequate precautions to guard against disorder on the occasion of the demonstration on Monday, and when the first signals of the outbreak were seen they took no precautions to prevent the mischief spreading. Utterly ineffective when danger was at hand, they were childishly stupid and timorous when only the ghost of danger threatened. Two days after the riot" a rumour was freely circulated in the south of London that a large mob, intent upon mischief, was marching from Greenwich, and a similar rumour was circulated at Greenwich about a mob marching from London. Surely the first business of the police authorities was to ascertain what measure of truth there was in the rumours. They did nothing of the sort. They created a panic by informing the residents in the south of London of the supposed danger, which turned out to be purely imaginary. It is not difficult to imagine the effect of this step in the condition in which London was at the time having hardly recovered from the fright caused by the riots on the Monday. Shops were closed and business was suspended. In short, the police authorities by their stupidity did their very beBt to create the mischief which they were supposed to be trying to prevent. It is not surprising that it was deemed necessary to hold an enquiry into their conduct, and the result of that investigation, as indicated by telegram two or three weeks ago, must have been re garded as a foregone conclusion in the light of the facts to which we have referred. With the graver problems of the significance of which the riots were only the outward sign we dealt at the time. There is one circumstance, however, recorded in our correspondent's account of the affair that will not be passed over by any thoughtful observer of the signs of the times. A day or two after the riots a meeting of persons whose property had been damaged was held. Lord Dorchester, who was one of the speakers, reasonably enough said, "Unless the Government protected the community, the community must protect itself." It needs only a very slight twist to be given to this method of reasoning to construct an argument that might seem to justify the action of the mob. The condition of the poor in a large city like London is terrible, and Governments are very slow to take up questions of this kind. There are grave injustices which may be and ought to be removed by legislation, and those who are ground down by this injustice may well reason that if the Government will not help them they must help ourselves. We do not excuse violence, because it is as senseless as it is brutal, but the very language used by Lord Dorchester suggests how the instinct of self-preservation may, in desperate circumstances, lead a mob to adopt a course that cannot be justified. The memorable words uttered by Mr. Justice Talfourd just before he expired, while charging the Grand Jury at Stafford, are as true now as when they were spoken. What is wanted is an increased sympathy between all classes of society. Forwant of this sympathy there is perpetual misunderstanding, and the common language used by all classes has a different meaning when employed by the different sections into which the community is divided. 