A Salvation Army Wedding Nearly 4,000 people assembled in the Gon gresB Hall at Olapton on September 16, to wit ness the marriage of Colonel Ballington Booth, the second son of General Booth, with Miss Maud Oharlesworth, the daughter of the Bor. Samuel Oharlesworth. Onoe before there wus a wedding in the family of (general Booth upon striot Salvation Army lines, the laBt occasion being the marriage of Mr. Bramwell Booth. The proceedings to -day differed very little from those of the first. Many of the vast audience had paid their shillings for admission to the servioe, while others were invited aa friends. Not even at a wedding oan the Salvation Army do without a oolleotien, and one was made before the proceedings closed. Outside the hall were flags and banners, bnt inside there was little to mark the event out as different from any service, except an occasional motto like, " Qod bless the union." On the platform the general sat in the centre, surrounded by his wife and eons and daughters. The bride sat between Mrs. General Booth and her sister, Mrs. Bar blay, who with the Bav. Mr. Barclay was also present, and a number of stanch sup porters of the Army. Hymns were Bung, to the accompaniment of a hand, prayers offered, and a portion of soripture read. Then the general read the form of marriage servioe in the army and expounded it. Where it differs from any other form is ohiefly in the faot it enjoins upon the contracting parties life-long devotion to the army as well as to each other. Then the bride and bridegroom stood upon -either side of the general and repeated their declarations after him in a firm voice, accept ing eaoh other as lawfnl and wedded husband and wife and "continued comrades in this warthe general olasped the hands of each together, the bridegroom plaoed the ring on the hands of his bride, and they were pro nounoed to be man and wife in the name of the Father, the Son, and the Holy Ghost, amid the ringing " Amens" of the Salvationists present. The bride wore her ordinary simple army cos tnme, without a bonnet, and with only a white siiK saan over ner lezt anoulder. 