SPORTING NOTES PROM VICTORIA [By Trumpator. | Mr. Bond has no reason to regret holding the Oaklcigh Handicap Meeting before the V.R.C. Autumn. Saturday was a lovely day, and there was a very large attendance at Caulfield. Many people complain that racing is being overdone in Victoria, and that sooner or later some steps will have to be taken to limit the number of meetings held round Melbourne. Backers may be getting scarce, but there is no sign of the public having had too much of the sport, nor is there any falling-off in the size of the fields. On Saturday the Stand and paddock were well filled, and not less than ninety-three hones started for six events. No better sign of the flourishing condition of the turf could be provided, and I fancy it will be a long time before there iB any necessity for Parliament to step in and check the action of the clubs. The feeling in favour of the totalizator is becoming very strong both here and in Sydney, and the time will come when the Legislature will be aeked to sanction the use of the instrument. The clubB here can quite weii afford to race without the machine, but the public are getting tired of the bookmakers' monopoly, and the totalizator is wanted as a protection to backers, Melbourne literally swarms with small bookmakers, and the totalizator advocates argue that these little men will be swept away if the machine comeB into force while the big me will be able to live, William Tell would ha c paid a big dividend on Saturday, as althongt the layers wonldnotbet more than lOtol against his' chance, he had not many supporters, and no good stakes were won over the race. It seemed to be tacitly understood that Vanderbilt, a small wiry-looking brown belonging to Mr. O'Brien, was a good thing for the Hurdle Race, and although there were sixteen runners 2 to I was taken about Batty's mount before flag fell. The race was run at a great pace, Deringa and Sinking Fund carrying them along till within half a mile of home, when Royal Maid became very prominent, and when she came into the straight with a clear lead it looked any odds on her winning, but in the run home Batty brought up the favourite, and the mare tiring under her big weight, Van derbilt caught her and won a great race by half a head. Royal Maid might have won ob the race was run if Fergusson had not made so much use of her, but Vanderbilt struck a hurdle or two at the back of the course or he would have been on the scene earlier. Insolvent was not backed, the Ballarat party going for Chataworth, Master John, who looked as fit as hands could make him, was a great tip for the Criterion Stakes, and at the finish his owner was taking 6 to 4 about his chance. AgladB, a New Zealand bred colt in Mr. F. F. Dakin'a stable, waB next in demand, and the run on these two enabled the Nun's admirers to get on at the nice price of 8 to 1. The Nun has tilled out very much since the spring, and was quite the pick of the party in the matter of iooke. They were some time at the post, and when the flag fell the Nun jumped away with the lead. Richworth stuck to her until she nearly fell in the straight, but after this the Kingston filly held her own cleverly, and just got home from MiBtral, Munwyrtina, and Master John. ;The last named colt was ridden by a green lad, and lost all chance through being shut in on the rails when he tried to make his ran. With a clear berth from the turn, I fancy he would have about won. Directly betting opened on the Oakieigh Handicap The Israelite was made favourite at 4 to 1, and he must have been entrusted with a deal of money in the paddock. The little fellow looked remarkably well when stripped, and he is such a beautiful horse that he gained a host of friendB as he walked round the paddock. That the Bon of Blue gown should be such a favourite in this held with 8 st. 9 lb. on his back rather puzzled me ; but ever since he won the Spring Handicap the racing world has had its eye on him, and a number of backers were waiting to row in the same boat with the perky little brown the firBt time he was backed. Since the spring The Israelite has thickened out very much, and he now lookB like being able able to carry any fair racing weight. Coronet struck me as being very big, and as he palled up lame I am afraid Griffiths has no cnance of winning a race with him this autumn. The Ghost is still a mystery, but the handicappers keep the weight on him juBt as they did with The Israelite, and I dare say time will prove the wisdom of this policy. Silver Mine reminds me a deal of Navigator; but he is bigger, and being a good deal on the leg may improve with time. Breeze was very fit, and so was Delamia. William Tell I did not see in the paddock, but I remember him at Klsternwick as a big upstanding chesnut, showing a good deal of daylight, but no particular beauty. They were kept at the post some time, but at laBt the flag fell to a fair start. The Israelite and Silver Mine I notice get away well, and they ran side by side at the heels of Delamina and Breeze to the turn. Here Israelite on the outside began to leave Silver Mine, and going up to thej leaders his backers felt very happy until, entering the straight, when WeaBel suddenly pulled out the whip, and then it was seen that William Tell had slipped up on the inside and had the race at hiB mercy. The Lockleys horse ran as straight as a line, but the up- country chesnut fairly outpaced him and won by a length and three quarters. The time was a second and a half better than Malua's, and now that it is all over there can be little doubt that The Israelite nartv were au'te lustifledin think ing they bad a fair thing. Silver Mine, Salvo, and St. Odille each carried a 7 lb. penalty, but the mare and Salvo were never in the hunt. Silver Mine ran well, and he must still have a Bbow for the Newmarket. Ten did battle for the Steeplechase, Studley and Lady Ashtcn being the favou rites. The mare led for a mile, when she fell, and the good-looking Morven got a regular purler at the second fence. Pride then carried them at a cracking pace, and he was going like a lion when he fell at the mud wall. Progress and Patchwork also fell here, and the race was reduced to old Euchre and Studley. The latter has a fine turn of speed, and he smothered Euchre for pace iu the run home. The Selling Race proved an easy thing for Gold Top, though Dirk ffatteraick showed plenty of pace for half a mile. Jocular struggled into second place and was claimed, but Read gave the buyer ±10 and got the colt again. Duration was a great public fancy fot ihe; Hawkeeburn Handicap, but he was toasore to jump away with his field, and was never able to get within cooey of the leaders. The race produced a grand struggle hetween Ringmas:er, Lesbia, and Gipsy's Warning. Ringmaster, who was wonderfully fit,, seemed to be beaten at the distance, but he came again, and just got home by a neck.. The winner was heavily backed after the horses were at the post, sad tlie stable must, have thrown in for a good stake, i Tell is favourite for the Newniar ket Handicap, but hie admirers can still get on at 100 to 12, which seems a very nice price considering the style in which he won last baturday. Barring Malua 1 have never seen any horse show such a brilliant dash of foot at the end of ft fast • run race as the big cheBnut displayed oa oaturday. _ Of course the straight course may not suitbim; many horses swerve badly when, galloping np the Flemington straight, but there is no reason to suppose that William Tell will not run kindly, and if he does the Israelite^Silver Mine, and Go. must go down before him again. Mr, Crozier'a horse will run as straight as an arrow, aud is well able to get toe distance, so that if his Caulfield conqueror fails the Lockleys party may still win their money. Silver Mine will carry 10 lb. less than he did on Saturday, and 1 fancy he can be made a little better. The redaction in weight may not assist him very much, but he seemed rather green on Saturday, and the extra time will serve him. Foulsnam is said to have another slippery customer in Bonnie Doon, the Tasmanian filly. Malna was backed on Friday, and if he is well on the day he will command a very large public following. News from Sydney is not favourable to Honoydew, butNepicauina (C at. 9 lb.) is said to be a useful outsider. Juanna is going well, and is likely to be the beat of Tothill's. Napier ia wonderfully well in, and Liang has got him in something like his old form, hut his legs look so bad that 1 should not care to back him before the day. The best of Whittinghatn's will have friends despite Xantippe's display in the Oakleigh Handi cap. 1 have always favoured the idea that Claptrap should run well, and I still think he will he the beat of the Mordialloc lot, though Merrimu will run forward if he goes. There was commission in the market for Tarpeia on Monday, but 1 would much rather stand Quinlin Matseys. Thiers a very brilliant gentleman in private, but he has yet to prove his excellence .in public. Copra is coming down from Sydney, and if well she must be dangerous. Evie 1 have heard nothing about, and 1 do not think any of the unplaced lot oh Saturday can have a show. Uralla is still greatly fancied by the Sydney diviaion, but 1 must paaa over her. Malua, William Tell, Israelite, Claptrap, Juanna, and Silver Mine are a lot likely to provide the places, and after seeing bim run on Saturday I have a great partiality for William Tell, ft Matchlock, at the time of writing, ie first ; favourite for the Australian Cup, but there has not been much betting, and it is only the reputation of the stable which has S'ven the son of Musket his position, oration has gone to 100 to 8, and I should be sorry to take that price about Mm. Sardine, the tonts declare, is going off ever; day, but some of them seem to think Tothill has a good colt in Affluence. Grace Darling looked well enough on Satur day, but the offers of 100 to 3 against her told tbat Mr. Reid did not anticipate seeing her win the Hawksburn Handicap. There may be a different tale to tell on the Australian Cap day. For the Champion Race Sheet Anchor is favourite at 4 to 1, but Malua will quickly oust him from tbat position if the Btable make a move. Nordenfeldt is scratched for Several changes have taken place in the betting market since yesterday morning. Alter his gallop Israelite was backed for the Australian Cup, and quickly became a favourite at 100 to 12 to-day. However, the commissioner who supported the Lockleys horse yesterday turned round and laid 500 to 40, and then 500 to 50; bnt the hone is all right, and this was probably a ruse to drive him to a larger price. Minerva is steady at 10 to 1 offered, and 100 to 8 might be had about Matchlock. For the New market there has been another run on Malua, and an attempt was made to make him favourite, but I think I am safe in saying that the stable have not put anything on him yet, and that if he rnns in the Newmarket Mr. Inglis and not Robertson will ride. Before the Ring broke up to-day 600 to 100 was wanted on Malna for the Champion, but no one would lay. William Tell was a little weaker while the money was going on Malua, but he is firm again at 8 to 1, and Israelite is in good demand at 100 to 8. Silver Mine remains at 100 to G, and Jnanna at 100 to 4, but Quintin has retired to 100 to 3. Honeydew and Bonnie Doon stand at 100 to 4, but they were not saleable goods to-day. There was no fast work this morn ing. 