TALE ON 'CHANGE. ' I trill buy with you. Bell with yon, talk with you. "4HAKSFUM. " Qommquam ridentem dioere Ttrum, <iuid vetat f—Hoil&c;*. " Mr. OUdatone . . . lunvntetoenemafty whtah has arisen lor his making another appeal for election to Parliament at an age when nature ories out toe repose."—" Xbe Argus" flwTespoodent, Jim 1*. There is tomethio; in tiiit tint Imiigt vividly to mind Lord Brougham's reflections on the reluctance of political leader* to relin quish the reins of power. This, from his Statesmen of the. Time of George IV.:— "Here surely most be something in official lite as sweet as naturai lite is supposed to be, and something peouliarly horrible to statesmen, In the bare posa bility of political death—rise why this pleasing hope, this food desire, this longing after longevity— or why this dread of dinauuon that makes the soul shrink tack npon itsdf. Bat in one material particular the two kinds of life and death widely differ. Xbe official's deathbed is not. cheered by any hopes of immortality.' the world to which he now looks forward is another, but not * better world. He knows, full sure, that from the pleasing state of bring to which he has been so long used, and so fondly clings, he must, instantly on the great change taking place, be plunged into the dreary night of apUoriess existence; be cast away, with other mournful ghost^ on the tempest-beaten coast of Opposition, were to wander, Unoertain of ever again being summoned from that inhospitable shore, or visiting the cheerful glimpses of the courtly day. Hence it is, that while men of ordinary powers are drily seen to meet death in the breach for honour or patriotism, hardly any can be found, among even the foremost men of any age, whose nerves are firm enough to look in toe face the termination of official existence; and none but one bereft of his senses ever makes himself a volun tary sacrifice for his principles or hh country.'" Shortly after Mr. Robert Brough made his most successful appearance as the Lord Chancellor in "Iolanthe," I paid a jost tribute to bis genius as an actor, and alluded to the exceptional talents of the family to which he belongs, npon both maternal and paternal sides. Am I not correct in saying now that there is no recent instance of an actor so rapidly obtaining a strong hold upon the Melbourne public? And this not by any illegitimate or unworthy means, but by sterling performances. He is one who always does his best—who is ever striving to achieve something better and higher—and who, bjr persistence,* succeeds. In his forthcoming adVentnre in management, in connexion with Mr. Boucicault, jun., he him the good wishes of thehtre-goirrB, - and the ' confidence of numerous friends, who wilt warmly welcome his return from London, for which rmtfewow of the talents he has just sailed. A Victorian, who has been -some years in London, writes:—" The squatters I have met here lately have faces as long as your arm, and really this is not to be wondered ah Sir ^mneF Wron TO *5fl? SnTvKo smUes.^arid well he ma$ - His -exhibits at 'The Colonies* ate uplehdidly stringed in beautifully-made cases, with mirror, hacks, and his name followed^ the thystic letters of kiygh^oodtwluch hfe wbnld give £100,000 to change'ihto Bart j is emblazoned 'On each side ol & large sigh-board in letters half a foot high." Mt"»■*; - - The Baraohbaiiapme remM^ably lihe apples iiihia' hU sortow, showed signs, of ra^iSjcllioinutlon. He bad the rem^a^. v&t; plica paling, bnUding behiwi: his K0idep<&' Still the ar"*-- « that a paling had beanjMhpy, reqspyje^, uig'bopni.fOr thefntor^p^ ofahk"1!^ So the reverend gemttebuui ijiidXt»p. constructed a running fifwhy eye he placed, ^i^^hpoMc the "bl^ihg, bis* "jrae^jani| well out of sight, each holding an mpnyic handsteatttiliy.f^pnditf wi aif9ttPuW ^hstone. parson' wife pulled, . in a'moiaeahtfi captured. Placing the two aids in the hands of his spouse, the excited minister rushed mod and seized the pilferer, who, on inspec tion, proved to be tbe son of the woman vrbose | business it was to dean the church. Lagging the trembling urchin into his parlour, he painted Death and Hell in lurid colours, and j impressed these upon the delinquent as the j sore avengers of the sins of boys who ate ; unbonght apples. After detaining the youth | for a time, he sent him home to his mother with a written account of the misdeed# of her offspring. He expected a prompt visit from the woman to express her regret and her gratitude for his forbearance. Several days elapsed and she did not appear. Aed- ] dentally meeting her in the one street of that mountain township, be opened fire upon ha on the subject of the delinquency of ha boy. | She showed no signs of either shame or j gratitude. On the contrary, turning on ha: pastor and employer, she caused him to stand ! aghast when she said to him fiercely:—" Look here! I think you're an old rabbit-etealer: yourself—the way you set that trap for my I boy!" j Jones, before leaving a remote country j place for a short visit to Melbourne—received j a letter marked " important and confiden-, tiaL" It was a commission to purchase a j bat The gentleman who desired the bat j was most circumstantial and exact in his j description of what he wanted, which was as follows " flat Iostructionf. " Miter;*!—Soft felt ** Colour—Brown or dmb. " Brim—Braid, very brood. s inches < Height—Nine inches or thereabouts. •' My head it longer thin years, and net quite so j thick." j Now this is not very complimentary, nor is it I calculated to excite the real of the agent ; in the Bo wen district there is a noted j Equatter, who, on account of peculiarities, i which his nickname indicates, is commonly j called Terrible Tim. Now it had been; announced that a circus company was about i to visit Bowen, and quite a crowd assembled j on the jetty to watch the landing of the j menagerie, Ac. Amongst these (the 6pec- J tutors) was T. T., who bears a strong like-1 13ess to the circus proprietor. A stranger— { misled by this resemblance — approached j T. T., and inquired of him—"At what hoar j be expected his circus to arrive T* Terrible ; Tim turning round upon the innocent in- j quirer with fury in his face, startled him by j demanding—" Don't yon know who I am, sir 7 1 am a landed proprietor and a J. P. j My name is Stodgins !"' and be indignantly etrode off the jetty. Here is a rich incumbency. To 60 good a thing every publicity should be given, so that there should be fair competition amongst the numerous candidates who will crowd in:— " To CZergymen ot the CSutich of England.—A single man is invited to take charge of the incum bency of the parish of Byistone, which will be vaaant about the end of July ot the present year. Salary £150 per annum, and no residenoe provided." Up to this time the impression has been that spiritual teaching on starvation wages was a thing we had left behind as in the old country. On the Queen's Birthday the P. M. had quite a picnic. He had the Ciub to himself. Butterfly-like, he roamed over the whole flower-bed of literature—the magazines. He missed the Contemporary. Sternly he de manded that periodical from a boy in buttons. Tbe boy was dense, insensate—be knew nothing about it Another boy, of more intelligent aspect, was captured. " Where ts the Contemporary Review^" "Please sir," said the youth, "I'm not sure. I think it's in the Albert-park. You get out at the butts station." Mr. , a country gentleman, told his groom that his services would not be re quired after a date named. The man made inquiries, and soon obtained a situation at a place about 30 miles away. He informed his employer, who said, "Oh, 1 shall be going there on such'a day and can give yon a lift" The offer was gratefully accepted. The gratitude was reduced to a minimum when, on arriving at his destination, his late master handed him his final cheque—minus 15a. for " the lift," bring the exact equivalent of tbe coach fare. Two A a Aland lawyers lately got to high words over a promissory-note case, and one of them at length declared his belief that this brother professional " would endorse a tombstone if he only thought ;he could float it" On the day when the glad tidings of the rise in wool reached Melbourne an acquaint ance of mine was amongst the first who received the information. In a genial way he said to two Scottish paatoralists—" Have yon heard the news? Wool is np 25 per cent 2" The gentlemen looked at each other —there was a pleasant relaxation of the facial muscle—but even in their excitement their in herent thrift asserted itself. Said one to the other, "Let us go and take a drink," but they did not ask their informant to go with them I MGLES. 