ARCHBISHOP 'WHITGIFT AND THE REV. J. O. KIRBY. TO THE EDITOB. Sir— Mr. Kirby explicitly said to the Con gregational Union that Whitgift caused the death by hanging of three saintly Congrega tional ministers. Barrowe. Udal. and Fenry. I showed in my previous letter that they Buffered for scurrilous libel, not for organizing ChurcheB on a Congregational basis, as Mr. Kirby alleges. The question is not whether the law was a righteous one, or whether the mode of trial was perfectly fair according to the standard of the present day, but as to whether they were hanged by Whitgift for the reason stated by Mr. Kirby. I showed that Udal was not hanged at all, but died in prison, and that Whitgift saved him from the gallows at all events. Hallam says, concerning his trial, ' that it was a disgrace to che name of English justice.' But he does not say that Whitgift was the cause of his death. As to Penry's trial, he says :— ' A law had been enacted some years before levelled at the books dispersed by the seminary priests, which rendered the publication of seditious libels against the Queen's Govern ment a capital offence. This Act, by one of those strained constructions which the Judges were commonly ready to put upon any political crime, was brought to bear upon some of these puritanical writings. The authors of ' Martin Marprelite' could not be traced with certainty, but strong suspicions having fallen on one Penry, a young Welshman, he waa tried some time after for another pamphlet containing sharp reflections on the Queen herself and received sentence of death, which it was thought proper to carry into execution' ('Hallam's ConBtitutional.History,' vol. 1, p. 206). Dean Hook says :— ' Penry— This unfortunate person suffered himself to be betrayed by hiB own violence into acts of undoubted ille gality, and when his scurrility was brought to bear not only upon Bishops but on Queen and courtiers, he was according to the arbi trary principles of that age subjected to that condign punishment which all but his partisans considered as fully deserved' ( ' Hook'B Lives of Archbishops,' vol. x. , p._50). As regards Penry's execution, Mr. Kirby Bays : — ' The warrant was sent off at once, the gallows was erected, and he was hung that same day.' Now, Curteia's 'Bampton Lectures,' edition 1872, p. 76, says that the Privy Council issued an order for his appre hension in 1590. He escaped into Scotland for the time, but three years later he had the incredible rashness to return to London for the purpose of presenting an address to the Queen, the draft of which, found upon his person, contained the following expressions :— ' Madam, you are not so much an adversary to us poor men as unto JesuB Christ and the wealth of His Kingdom. This peace under these conditions we cannot enjoy, and there fore for anything I can see Queen Mary's days will be set up again or we must needs temporize. When any one is called before your Council, or the Judges of the land, they will not stick to say that they_ come not to con sult whether the matter be with or against the Word or not, but their purpose is to take the penalty of the transgressions against your laws.' Curteis quotes Neal i., 357. It is not my business, and it certainly is not my wish to justify the doings of the High Court of Commission by whom these un fortunate men were tried. But I may point out that it consisted of forty-four members, twelve of whom were Bishops. Further, that Penry and Udal were also tried by a Jury of twelve men. In further justification of Whitgjf t, I would mention his clemency to Cartwright, one of the most bitter writers of the time, and who for many yearB was an uncompromising opponent of the Archbishop. Green (456) says: — 'With the despotism of a Hildek and Cartwright combined the chivalry of a Torquemada, Not only was Presbyterianism to be established as the one legal form of Church government, but all other forms, Episcopalian and Separatist, were to be put down. For heresy there waa the punishment of death.' 'I deny,' wrote Cartwright, 'that upon repentance there ought to follow any pardon of death. Heretics ought to be put to death now. If this be bloody and extreme I am content to be counted bo with the Holy Ghost.' In 1590 Cartwright refused to take an oath to clear himself from articles charging him with Nonconformity axd seditious libels, and was sent to the Fleet Prison, but Whitgift seenred his release. Mr. Kirby further says :— ' Now it waa the more needful for Whitgift to proBe cute other men, for he himself had been a Roman Catholic under Queen Mary, and became a believer in Queen Elizabeth's religion under Elizabeth. If now he was an honest man, on changing his opinions he ought to have been tolerant to other Christians in their changes of opinion.' ThiB soundB as if Mr. Kirby meant to imply that Whitpift changed his faith on ttje same want of principle as the Vicar of Bray. But in the Archbishop's younger days he was under the influence of his uncle, Robert WMtgiftj Abbot of the Black Canons. Of him Hook says:— 'Though not an avowed reformer, I do not hesitate to assert that he had iead the Scriptures and found them strongly opposed ito all peculiarities of the Roman system' ('Lives of Archbishops,' vol. x.). Bishop Short (' History of Church of England/1 p. 99) says in footnote— ' Abbot Whitgift observed— 'They and their religion could never continue, for that he had read the whole Scriptures over and over, but could never find therein that their religion was founded by God' ' (Wordsworth's Ecclesiastical Biography, iv., 318). Subjected to such an in fluence is it not at least probable that Whitgif t's change of faith was the result of honest conviction ? I did not quote the intole rance of American Congreorationalists in the seventeenth century in order to 'crovethesin- les8neBS of Elizabeth's persecuting prelates.' That would have been too absurd, I ; quoted it simply to show that people who live in glasB houses should not throw stones, Mr. Kirby'a demand for a further reforma tion of the Church of England has been ;anticipated. All penalties affeciing per eons dissenting from the worship and doc ;trines of the Church of England are repealed by 7 & 8 Viet., c, 102 ; 9 & 10 Viet, c. 59 (Walcott on Canons, p. 91). But the obnoxious canon had long before be come as obsolete as that other canon which forbids the clergy not to wear apparel puncluris variegati or stockings tibialia colorata, It is all very well for Mr. Kirby to allege his willingness to grant perfect liberty to prelatists but why does he not reduce his willingness to practice ? Is it, for instance, consistent with toleration, as he conceives of it, to attack from the pulpit 'rites end ceremonies' which he may not believe in, but which Anglicans do. His fore fathers were not tolerant, and when they got a chance kicked us down stairs, but their kicks were in perfect harmony with their professions. As to Mr. Kirby's parting injunction, 'Repent, and Nonconformists will forgive,' one cannot but admire the supreme magnanimity of it, while regretting that the vagueness of the conditions bar its realization. I am, Sir, &c;, CLERIC. 