SIFTINGS. ti ourSaturdaay's issue "Bizarre" flings down the ghuntlot with a most defiant clang against Thought reahers and Thought-reading. Ho heads his- shall se-termn it ultimatr n?-F-with the bold words '' Thoeaght-Reading Exposed" and goes on to expose -nothing. Ho informs us that he himself, of his own inclination, was curious enough to male cxpori ,ments. Hie does not say whether these experiments iqto the mysteries of thought-reading were diflilault ones or whether of a remarkably oasy character, bat he is pleased to say that he succeeded, and can now ,assume a place by right amongst the ftuart Oaniberlands, the Professor Rices, and others. Instead, however, of mounting a platform and :gulling an audience hIe makes haste to unmask tihe hypocrisy and deception of this community. HI-Is Ssays, and of course he specats as an export, one of the inner circle who know exactly how thie ghost is munde to appear on the stage, that it, thoughlt-read i'ig; is one of the simplest exhibitions of human isugeonuity. Perhaps some of the experiments may be explicable by a series of involuntary " rhysical .minifestations," burt there are other experiments which we would like "Bizarre" to explain by his hypothesis. A medium may rlead the "Professor" to a hidden pin, or a lady, or a knife; but what about the reproduction, to the minutest detail, of a mimic tragedy, the accurate guess of the number of a bank-note, the diagnosis of pain, and a host of ..others'of a similar charactor ? We confess we do notknow how or by what means the number persistently thought of is revealed to the "thought reader," but certainly, since the whole performance takes place while both are stationary,; ho cannot be led to it by a string, nor can we explain it by saying that there is collusion between the two. " Bizarre" has been more bold than sensible. There is not a Sshadow of suspicion but that an idea, fixed in the mind of the medium by a powerful exercise of the will, is "real" by the " rofessor." .Every week the Illustrated London News gives a column or more to a subject which is at one and the same time sombre and suggestive. The subject is obituary records, not of ordinary mortals, for space in the great pictorial journal is too valuable to be trespassed upon by matters of ordinary interest. The obituq'y notices are of wealthy or titled ox einmbers of.sbociety, and the suggestiveness lies in the information given with respect to the moneys willed. To-day there may be a brief account of the Eiarl of Montflanagan, a huge landed proprietor iwitli estates in Scotland and in Ireland and in four or five English counties. In spite of ten years of commercial stagnation and agricultural distress, Earl' Montflanagan's will is sworn under three quiarters of a million sterling. Next weekl John GCottonspinncr, manufacturer, Oldham, is reported Sdeceased. For years Cottonspinner ground down the wages of his operatives to starvation point. Every appeal for an advance was motby the chilling response that he was working at a loss, and would close his mills rather than eomply. The will of involved and prturbed John Cottonspinnor is sworn un?or five hunlred thousand. In something like twclri months there pass away from the scene of this haggard competition and hungry warfare we call life, a scgore or a hundred men who leave behind tlidm enormous fortunes--f50,000 or £500,000, or possibly a million, which has been collected out of the.meagre savings of the day labourer, and the eotisumptivo seamstress, and the struggling farmer, and the half-fed artizan. They say times are bad in ,Britain, that men and women anrd children are 'lowly starving to death in garrets, that honest men are.driven'to steal, 'and honest girls to prostitution. It.is darkly suggestive that while these things are working grimly in the lower rainks of the people, my Lord Tomnoddy should be able to frequent gambling hells at Baden-Baden and eMonaco, aind dying after a life of profligacy should be able to leave behind him a million of money; Such mon strous inequality appears to us to involve gross •injustic somewhere, and now that the lower orders aid'beginning to finger the trenchant weapons of knowledge, now that they are being enlightened on a thonuand matters which were before dark and matarious to them, now that they are being en trusted with a voice in the choice of representatives and thdrefore a part in the fashioning of social pringipl'-by rmeas of a reorganisation of the low, we may donfidently expect that in uanotlher genera tion or two at the most there will be very few wills sw'otri" udder half-a-mnillion," and also very few miserables willing to work but starving by degrees for lIck of it. Mr. Hugh Taylor, member for Parramatta, on Wednesday last asked in the Assemobly-" Will the Colonial Treasurer, in view of the alleged inadequate news respecting New South Wales, appearing in the leading London press, authorise the exifendituro of a euffoiient sum in ofder that a condensed weekly '-authentio report of leading events in connection ""with the colonies be transmitted to London." Sir Pgtrick Jennings in reply is reported to have said that the matter'was engaging the attention of the SGo.,ernment. Why the London press should be subsidized at the expense of our pockets by a weekly epitome of events was not clenrly shown. The Sd ney Morning Herald despatches by the fortnightly mail a complete summary of all that has occurred during the previous fourteen days, and the mnails are now delivered almost invariably uinder 39 days. Whenever anything special occurs the news is cabled, but to aski that the colony shall be taxed to inform Londoners that butter is up in Wollongong, andDibbs down in the dumps, is preposterous. If the&London; proes were desirous of possessing more detailed records of current Australian events, and were convinced that such would add to the attrac tiveness of their pages, they would readily make arrangements for regular messages, as they do withl respect to continental affairs. Some timne ago .£1300 was oexpended in cabling one speech home, and tihe circumstances under which suchl a profuse expendi ture was made reflect no credit upon thelMinistrswlho authorised the outlay. We presume if Mr. Taylor's seggestion, for his query is in reality a suggestion, were adopted, the Government would take upon themselves the responsibility of saying what should be oabled and what should await the slower but in expensive mail. Unless we can infuse a little more honesty of principle into our linisteral autocrats we should speedily discover that so far from the " con densed weekly authentio report of leading events" being a just and impartial epitomised history, it wouldbe garbled and full of party misrepresenta tions. We may leave journalistic enterprise to meet all the 'demands of British readers. If a general desire exists for Australian news supplied thlrousgh the medium of sub-marino cables the competition between the London journals, without any prompting from us, will meet it. Unfortanately for Mr. Taylor, he seems to be deficient in tlhat wis dom of the serpent which alone qualifies a man for a post in the Assembly. Thie Dibbs party, and it possesses many ratmifications, cottend by their actions th th theyl are tlhe colony, and as such ilt would follow that "the loading events" would be interpreted to mean events only which applied to themselves. No wonder Sir Patrick is inclined to favour the suggestion. Such an opportunity for self- advertisement, repeated weekly, would put the "Gallery of Eminent Colonists" altogether' in the :shade, A fierce light beats upon the lives and deeds of publio men in England. It boots not how closely a man may have entwined himself round the affections of the people, he canntot retain their affeotion and respeoct tinless his character will bear striot scrutiny, nor can he make use of that univer Bality of approval to carry measures which are premature or opposed to the principles of British progress. We had a notable example of this in the recent defeat of Mr. Gladstone. For fifty years this giant of the political battle-field has stood mamn folly up for the people. Again and again in the teeth of terrible odds he lhas carried the streamting banner of progress. One by one he has attacked and overthrown the barriers of feudalism, of narrow minded oliquism, and hf caste. He has opened tlhe gates and given entrance to thlose who were outside the eonstitution in all save taxation. He has on deared himself by a long lifo of self-denial to the people of the Empire, and to-day he is known familiarly as the People's Wtilliamn. Mlany would have been ready to wager large odds that ihe would always find a majority at his back if it came to a bitter quostiot in which hIis whole soul was en gaged. Home Reulic proved Ithat honoured as Mir. Gladstone is, and high as he stantds in thoe esintimation of the great liberal hieart of Euglanid, he could not force the nation faster than it cared to go. Wiithit the last few days another oxampl, soc?rce less notable, has boon given. 3Becauso of his connection with a certain MIrs. Crawford, Sir Charles Dilkoe, one of the eleverest men in the ranks of Liberalism, a Privy Councillor, and a loading figure in several Administrations, has boon practically banished and his name orasnd from the records of men worth honouring. Public opinion will have to alter very much before such things canm happen here. We seem to be devoid of that sensitiveness which can with singular appropriateness be termed a public conscience. The alleged railway frauds, in which an ex-Ministe'r's name is involved, arouse little or nio interest outside legal circles. Were a Premier, a Treasurer, or other Miinister convicted of a similar crime to that for which the member for Chelcsea is now paying the penalty in political osetracim, it would scarcely ripple the stolid indifference of the people. The papers would be eagerly scanned for the sake of the spicy details, huIt the man himself would escape scot-free. Hi. public prospects would not suffer any tarnish, his company would be just as much sought after, no Cabinet would deem itself dishonoured by including him, and a Bishop wosld not blush at being found sitting with him cheek i jowl on a platform at a publio meeting. This lacl of public dignity is very noticeable in colonial life, and it is no mean factor in producing such mlisor able, experimnntalising Governments as the one now in poiver. Mr. Dibbs hasblundered so often during the last few years, he lhas shown such a contuima cious and haughty demeanour to opponlents, and he has revealed so unmisticably his lack of anything beyond vestry or alderinanio ability that had the publio conscience been as sensitive as it is in Eng land, Sir Patrick Jennings would. as a precautionary measure, have shut the door of office in his face. - .o - . . . . . . _ ' _ . .. 