NO ROBBERY. BY HENRY FRITIL lathor of " The M.stlry of op'er Frm," " On the 1t'fns of the flind," " T/hroeyh Floode, Through Fi C," 4c., ,tc. " CiIAIiERlt III. ,AFTER: 71ALX. "TeA's rosdy, father,' ri,,l the pretty slim girl about seventeen years ohl as shc stoed in the garden or the little cotta?' on the same evening upon which this tale opeclted. There was no answer to her appelit, so she called agains. "' Tea's ready, father, and it will soon Ite liee f-r yu.n to go ot again." " I'm a-comin', 1my dear. I'ml a-co pin'," Se:ic ,l IRaymond, ent in a cn*r,:nc ,tn nmle.- thI e rscn tI whom the s?oice Islcngcd appeared carrylin: a Iei. "So tea's seclv for me is it, Lucy c Well. and li' ready for tea. So we're quiils 'on that p?oint, c y girl.' "Come along, father. I've made, the toast and put lots of butter on it, and the teapt is on thet hc. steaming, like ]tilt's engine dIcc-. lake haste: f?r I'm hungry." "So am't I," replied her father. " I'm as hcacry as a famished hawk, and sharp set as a .iw. I a ,. Why, there's a picture ! ]Lucyv, vo i re th, beet earl alive, ani volt 11 make a cirst-rlc wife ?cesoc dao"y " "l'Perhaps I shan't," rl lit d Lucyv, clu-tiLin a little " Why are svu always telline me that : ' " lBecctco want to see ve lhapptil inarrie I, my girl. Ye knh w I vtoe ye, lI "- don't %v, ,,.w For an answer the girl went up, cil pcclhini her self upon his kne.- kis.c-d him hcccr:ilc And het whi spoke of her cs his ehild kissed her re?pectif:ll, as i comlatative ctran'ccer might have done. un h1"r s.roothli forehead, and looked into her deep trowrn eye-. There was scmcething in his gaze that struck the girl, nowe budding into a lovewly wmanhood, her trim fig.-re indicactin a mre than usual sycmnetry than is usually foundl in girls of hicr station. iHer hands were small iand well foroned, thiou.h evidently not those of an id!cr. IIer well-turned ankles?anusmall feet weore fully vi-ible htmnatht her stuff dye-s, and her dark hair was hound up plainly, and tied with scarlet sitbon. A small Ilush rose was fastened at her throat, and matched the glowing of her soft and rounded cheeks. Silcha weas o tr k'ng girl, and one whose face indicated firmness as well as beauty: passion at rest, and a will scare fornied, but tstill existent, as the mouth and chin conid show. Just then she was all tender ress; but as her father kissed her and she caught his earnest grate a something whispered to her, and the whisper slitired her heart and sent the red stream flushing aill her fare. " Why, Lucy lass, blushing again! You'roe as red as the peonyvs yonder pIy, ain't it becomin' :" "letter have somei more tea," replied Lucy, turn ing away to pour it out. "Now, never mind me. 1've plenty of time, father; you haven't." "No; Pro not much to waste, have I ' was the man's answer, as he munched a huge slice of tocst and diank tae with his month full. "Not a great deal of time. There's eight, o'clock. I mus.t be off. Dick will be waitin' for me." " Let him wait!" retorted the little beauty, tossing her head. " ie keeps youc waitin' often enough, I'm nsure. Here's yvour cap." " Goodm night, my dear," said the man, stooping to kis helir again.i -.,uit the suddenly moved away and opened the door, avoiding his !cres, and looking conscious of sotmething in her thoughts. 'Well, good night, Lucy. Yeo ain't angry with your father, are ye ?" " course not, why sbouhld I Good night, father," rho added, putting ip her face suddenly to be kissed. "I shall be up when you come bark." "A)ye, aye, trust ye. You're a dear good girl, and I am lproud'of ye. Good night." .He left the cottage as he spoke. and she; leaning on the half door, watched him as he paced his way along a footpath between some tree, and as he dia appearedl she turned and belted the door, and sighed. " What's tlt ! " A? macing noise-the thunder so?ind. The cottao ihoo5 anid crockery trembled with the concussiont of theground but Lcuiv tootk no notices[ the ptheneme non except to glance at the clock and mutter They're late to-nightl Ite's dtue at 7..0t, and its past eight now. Yes, here's the smail." Another roar. anonher shaking of the ground, another dance of crvckery on the table and a jingling Sin the adoining romt. 'The Lndsau mail train had passed through the cutting. Perched upon the submit of the embankment, the main line of a great and lprosperousn railway rutnning Sunderneath and out of Eight, the cottage was a picturesque object in the landcape. It was em bosomed in honeysuckle ancl roses, which climbed and twined lovingly arotund the lattice windows or p eped sl v into tihe bedr omc through the white dimity cutltain which shrouded lIuey's toilet table as Ishe dtssed in the early mcrniing. A told fell.w this rse. lIe thrust himself for. warl to see the girl, and blushed whes-n he lehell. her in her roomn unrbcd anid bruhcnit g out her hair before the little gla-s. This l'epiing Tcsn wc s never ieptimstcded -indeed he was esonr c eel ; for Lucy would open the window when she i.se. and push it back to let t.e wind pt a hide an,-Ic !; in her hair, all loose about her waist, and sil ort wantonly with her night-ge.sr as she stood to k so the clinching roses at the sill. Aprettypicturechadit,'erhtenseenhy mortal eyes; but it necer had l?ven vcu imay be well assured, for no one ever ame aboult the path excsept the signal men cawl ,noe ther man. Even lth y at intervals, lone part.d, p?assed alsilg in haste tol ed 'r dine ,, amn scar'e glanced at the cottage, oir dreamst of teeing Lucy in suech guise. 'The old signalman proce ded alsng the narrow path leading through the plntatiin, thact c'tse.d the railhway emtankmtent,and descended the eslc- to ti,,e signal-box pt rehied ucon the grat:v slipe. 'The :ino curved somewhat at this point. and a de p.tninthc d tunnel yawned widely in thI opposite dirtetiton. Above thes tunnel, which had Ih cicut thluccgh the hill for -a mile and it half. were dark 'cn'ilator?s I he short elthineys: and chdcren whit, nticId the smoke rising ttvreftioc at tie ,'s, beliecv'. the rti,':s told by nervous matrons, that a :anst lived below and smoked sis pipe. Facing the signal-bhox a public road ran aronn'l the hill opposite, and above the road the trees ser rounded a house er two; whil, in the valley to thec left. as you looked bceossndl this cnre. tav the v1 l s,-t, of Bloxht un, its s.;uarce-t._werc el ht cinrch sle:ti nisting ied roofs aie. slates anld that,:ch. eh.:n. the si-nal-box a canal carried oct its sl's;;-:ict waters Iusnvy a laden barge anl grimy flatd. whil coal 'ieavers, withl n.scnline- lookiig wives awl children. dirty as the fiats themselvcs, f.essed and repassed day and night, with Ihores tu-y;.ing hard in far oft c wrcking whips and growlIng, swearing dAivers from iLandtone town. Ilihdcen ,awa upon the eetnctakmtnt, in ecose fproxim'ty to ,hoc hisih re-it, vet invisible ftomn it and slhded e'ram the cscnal by thIc trees, the signalman'sc litt'e cottage and potato patch was situateti; and s\hen to. settinc 0un p1iiiced its crim-on beams right up the line, "vin ithcmina ing the dark, wide "moith of the great Btcxhcsm Tunnel, the s- ne frctm the cottge down the incline towards the village was os ],re.; tc pit'ce of s:ctn-ry as one could wish to view. Ass-I then the hsavieg sea! In 1iso distance above the trees tcll chimneys rese Isy day, vomiting ssnoso aid clonding the setting sim. At night tlhe lhanes ascended with a roar front those great shlcifts, and threw a glare ulgcn the clended cl ky at times as if i'andemonium had opened a trap.door and let the lire have free vent. Clancsngihainnors rang down therein the "ehops" all dsy , ind round tho works the cottages had risen in rowte so like each other and in such regular lines tchat thsy miights alhost have been thought toys set down uFon t the ground by ohildren of a larger gross ic. '1'lie en was dipping down behind the western hills when the signahnan, Jack, as his comradees nailed htim, entered his boe, and seas gladly welo cried by' Iss scacte. "Goodi tin, Jick," said the latter; " I must say so alwais are in to time. 'fhe mail's just gene 5ll,. ?1tcia'n't` cleaired the ttunnl, set," . -' A ll " r eplied lack, as ho to ok off lis coat, I-1.sys lhcce to met get ye homoe and steep till ttisvtrsicg, atto if y0 ace Tomn 'thlrowvgeod, tell thtu not. to he ato again to-rmorrow. It was sfter four when hce scassi' last tisse.' " l l hi." re pich d ths mars "I'llb o sure tose n hi nt t it the '* ,\iaid ' to-ought." ay e, i, 'a h tlore a hit tooofton for my taste; j declt lilco such isaidens, not I." any "i'rO'ic ens of ylsr sOlw, yote kess,' rettliecd Dine, hlu.hisicIccg. "It, uisn't` all of ?ast ehacci stick c hisos to keels Icocsei icit yot Jiact lticyend."st, No''?ver Vo'cstcsslnd ciy dacglsler', ])ick, huit Lewcssosftheo i Vitliigc Mtlaid.' tier' hip' ioscorseltlian " ct,s' icnos k-ilc'ow blow,. A lick of Itie tot is donc with and over; n ' drnik ' ant s? . on put off, andt you telo Tom so fron mi,." " Good night, Jo k" ?aid his mate. " I' lh st if ye aiil' tun i1 tori, c '" or t thody aolt of a nsuddecn," he muttlnc dit to himself, as he dc.oendcd lie had not gone t:ef sac along tfle pa'h, whten ho Mnaid laymond calling to him to come back. " Look liri', mate, 1, t me see ye a monote. Have youse.m anyone hantingaboutthelinethitcvenin'?" asked the old man. i " loenging aLoot - on tie railway ? " " Aye, any loniiig fiollow-a tallish man. l'veo onceor twiceseen hinm a eroe?sing the line ulen I s was attend:o' to the points., and I've checked thel train for ifear hie might be killed." "tIa, ha, we heard o' that goame. So it was you, o ?tack, that stopped the fast train for nothing, was it?" " N, t for nothing, Dick. It were the life of a fellowteaoture, and it's a dreadful thing to be took sudden like hati." "Aye, it is," assented Dick, seriously. "But, mate, not for them as is prepared to go. Why, I doctlare to ye this minute that if I was ready and could deft t.e devil and his aungels, I'd as lief die than live." "Then get ready, D)ick," said the old man. "Wee net or know what may befull. Why, my wife, Lucy' l motlnr there-ah, sihe was a frolicsome womnaiin, uniate, to the last-atnd she was took as sudden as a i wink. 'our thing! She give one gasp and dlied, :cohtlini' mie to the last, and tindin' fault with her vore lct'st i reath." ' Wce never know," assented Dick. morecheerfully ; " but what iakes we tithnk of this to-nigtl.?" " I don't rightly know, Dick. I can't tell ye for t ,auin. 1 But lately I've seen things. tsh!ia I've t. n thin- on the railway. I've noticed shapes- u tie man - ghest I call it-and a white figure, caeca inlw-s alnen, smnnetines close toge'her. They're c wiarniinus., Dick warnins" "'onOn e, imon, yeore over- worked. Go andl get a holdday and one of Dame Jones's big pills. If lhi it 'l in ak i ve a ghost it'll clear them out of ouc head. One or two taken fasting nearly killed Abnhaml Tineds, andt lie was a knowtledgeable mar, too." '"iry well, mate, you'll see some day. Now mind ye avoid the' Maid.' 'Women is ticklish cattle ai toe belt o times: but when ye call a public a ' dlage Maid,' ye add all the seduceins of liquor to the sex. ('oie earlyin the mornin, if ye can. or tell T mi to be in time as you arrange it. (Good night." " tlood ni ht, Jack. Nevocer mind the women" " Goed bh, old friend," oa d liaymond, the pointsc i:m, IloMling outhis hand. "Good night. Give us ncr ist "I The men eochaingi d a hearty grip, and Dick went home unwillingly. " I wish I hadn't left him alone," he muttered. "lIce's gettin' fanciful, and no good will come of it." CHAPTER IV. A GIOiTLtY WAtONiINO. Jo.e:, left alo-e, received the signal from the nman at the eti'n of the tunnel, telling him that the nuail had pas'ed through, andl, as lie had no iwarnng just then, lie opened the sliding window. aindil lkedt out Evening was closing in, I-ut thlere was plem' f, of light, aid in the gloaminng near the tunnel thi signahunin pcrceived the figure of a man. c A sudilen tremor shook -laymond's limbs. Fe gazed at the ligure intently as if lie could nt believe his eyes, and yet to an ordinary olervero th.re was ti nothing to alrmn anyonei in the appearance of the per:on upon thb. railway. To the s glihnitn the v figure was a tall, well-formed yoongn miai, of military appearanice, and yet the '-loom near t'o e mouth of the tunnel rendered his face indistinct. o hut there w'cits nothing in the general appearance of tihe mau to alarn any one. i And yet Raymond-was very much alarmed indeed. is hanids shlook, and had he seen a ghost he could s.ar. o hia, e been paler. 'I ie mcan stood upon the line for a few seconm d and then alpproachetd the signal-oLux upon ithe u 11 met.ls-those farther front the bhx; and just ithin a tain was signalled oni as coming on that line 1. The so;gnalhan replidl, and catching up a flag, waved n i: to the man upon the ilmiway. He tooknontitice, excelt to hold up his ann, and pursued his w.y P almng the I no il The sgi'naimn called out, knowing tihe train was b rapilvy aipproaching. lhe could see the sirirn oi the engine come Hound the curve, and dote. mini di to warno the driver. lie htcstily suatched npi a r.d flag and iut his signal tat diancucr. A whi.stle t hl himt hc had done -o ontly just in time-if it were in tine. .Another eccnwl or two would drc de it. All this time the trescas cer was w-al:ig on the meti.s; gliding i'ong quiet'y, quite inconcerio I und edio, ias if no such things as trains e:isted. Lut the warning came too late. I le stei d toil d not 1e s'achened sulficiently. The exlre.. camisi ruiiing oni, and in a monrat had Iin over the lput whre the th an had been shtandig. As tie treii i pul'et ItIp laymond ran out and down to the line. " You've lillcd him," he exclaimed. " '.-or fcllaw : " " Klilled who:? What's up " inquired the driver as taymond appiroached. .iany pectpl. put thk it r heads out of the winddws and eagerly inquired if there was an iaccident. '" What'sup, mate ?" inquh'id the fireman, wlko with t'ie enine-driver decended from the :n 4in'. " Why, I till you you've run over a mini just this in- scrnt-a tall young felltow. Cone" back hi, re with l .."' " We ditdn't si'e any one on ithe line," re; lied the driver: ,td we Nold ? \We on'v .?d the s'i ai lpit up all of a sudden and your lagi." Ihis mend made no answer, but 1::d the way to lie rear of th.e train, wlhro he encouitcrcd a guard iand neverl I ns.cengers who lhad alighted. M?[in inlquiries were innuedic-t.ely adutresmd to thie sigal -o.n, wl anuower,-l that tie was a'r.id a t man had been killed on the line. "I woarnd hliii time enough, but he took no notice, aund then I put up the signal to icarn Ii lia driver."' The guard ttnned back, and the others- we-nt also towrniil the spot indicated, and exaumined the gloald. Not a trale of any human being could bet founl. 'The 'l.lalt nor the peimanient way was not in any way diitur id, nor had any blon-l 1ern spill. " WCll. this is ia num start," sail thie guald. " The diver and tircmuin lo-ked at e'hii- other aund l:Ocuhe,1. "Jack's: been diniii' out," said Ned. " Been nixin' abit. Eh,Jaek? " "I've touched nothlin' but tea this week," re plied thetrmnbling signahnuan. "It's the warnin' again." "T oewarnn?'." exclained the guiard. "Wh'at. the spirit we hce rd of e _ Gt out:" hei adtl?d, s: crn.i fully. " , irits and water,. I'ml afrid," rcuiarkc'l one cf the pa'senicers. " I'm so'rry to icee the lives of ipeople are trus.ed to o tipyi .o-iinalnini" "i'in not tipsy, sir," ie-liced Jack, res cotfully; "nor wan I ever draunk in my life. You ean lhave e examincd, if you please. I saw the appe-.irance on the line as sure us I taind hiv." "Nonounce, mcy good f-llow," repliod anothcr gentleoin. "I ltink vou are ovirwuoktd --tio fliicy things. Take a rest-get elf dutyflr a wne!<, and iaco a change of air I can iie yo i a' e i ohe" enonugh." "Jack's sober enough always," uaid the engine driver. " ie's stopped us before like thii. Thore may be soumething in it, but we nain ntobhd'.'' "Not a soul," said Nod, c-niiraming lics cae's remarks, as in duty bound. The guard also said the "'Then there's 8omeclhing going to happen. Yon may depend warnings dont come hfr nothin'. Lo-. out ahead, driver ; you may tiro it aflents you too," said Jack. shaking his liead. " Goin' to hapltien, is tlhro? Do to think that there's ghosts about then ?" asked the driver, i0orn fu"l'liht's just what 1 do believe. I'vc .00. the figure afoie, and he always vanishes in front of a tiain. Lak ahead, mate." '' All iright, Jack; doi,'t alaro yornseol. If he'n a-Iis, I ruin tliidown. f th'Sa nan I on'car, hlrk ltu.,d ai the window ot the box amn watch.-,l the iati. The steuam )o ia lhnid clldl i- thu light oi the seltiii sun, aot vanishced ilto to tunnmel. The liguno had disappeared, and iche i the maii hurried ilup friiit the tuniil to ack if ani-hling was the nmtter, Jack to-ned the subject, ant cutd it n'as " all r:ght." Yel, iiouithstanding his conci tious, Ja k Iay unitdit couit nol shake off the dri-ud that o pre.sced ]hii as niglit caito on. The nuu diiappearol iu bioty cloids, mnd nrole the dise- of the sigiiil.a bloal-rcid ,thiiger lightit evon whio gtcou I " w'ite wre dis pla\;-d. All the atmoiicll 'rieal conemitont werein fateouo of ner;onula iassoniations. T'he ,,iri was still ind aicntry; sarco a cound was hleard -the birds were hushed- tlhe iisecl for''t to thii--a weird utndal-uirniihgauiication o[ soli:ndo tire't over hac-h, aiU, ever and anoi ai cuol I and ueneauint tile >Lier u-ili l th ough his liiiii. at if he had oudt nly ,al.d inho a fog, The heavy masses of cloud came piliug themnelvcs up on the horizon, and sent out light scouts of vapour like pilot balloons to see which way tho wind blow. And yet the great masses did not always t take advantago of the information, for some of them went slowly away in another direction, and left their mountainous comrpanions putting out a tendrils of their own, and grumbling loudly as they t went. I All this while not a breath of wind was stirring, and yet the branches of the higher trees waved to I and fro as if in sympathy. with each other. The I snails and such creeping things came under the signal- boxas if for shelter, and in the light of his hand lamp he could see glistening streaks upon the c woodwerk. And had Jack ltaymond understood I how well animals of a lower creation than hie under-r stands the signs of coming rain and tempest, he a might have been interested in watching his cor paunions-two tine spiders. urit when his attention was not directed to an ap- J proachinig train he weas listlees, and yet nervously asice to everysound. lIle could not help watching the line near the tunnel, as if he expected to soee the ghostly figure in the gloom. Night came on, t and as twelve o'clock ipproachatd, a distant sighing sound ' ns heard, anda flicker thatewas not anm engine's c light or fire glittered across the rails. '" A termi is comin' on," muttered Jack. " I hope Lury won't be frightened-all alone. It'll c wake her up, and I don't think she quite likes it. a 'fThre's anothier-ah! and that's thunder and no c mistake." T'i re could ie no mistake as the deep' yet still I distmat boom of Hfeaven's artillery reseounded through c the iti hi darkness. Suhlenrty a vivid blaze of light showedthe signal ur-n tihe hill and the trees, as if a tranusparency had been lighted up behinl them. In that second he awi every object as distinctly, even more distinctly than I at no?m day,' and then the thunder rumbled and t fonishies with a boom like a stroke upon an enornouse drmil. 'lTh .na blue and silvery gleam came shimmering and s ig- zrageing through the sky, and danced fromn clo::d to cloued. A rattling peal followed-the boomn- t in: stage was pased-the storms was approaching. r Tack tra} mind turned to shut the door of thi p sigsnal oairn which had swann open, for the breeze d ws.s getting up, and, as he did so, a terrific light ning oash leaped from the sky all green and blue and chain-like, and in the virvid gleon he behold a tigure standing on the top step of his ladder, a a figc e all in white, but in the second of time hIe had reor-ni'ed Lecy standing like a lovely statue aeraiceet the landscape, the glinti.g rails, and distant - village houses, all of which were clearly visible t behind her in the light. " Lor ia mnercy, girl, you startled me for a minute, a I de -laie; come inside. I was thinkin' of you. 1 thoigiht ye'd be nervous, Lucy." She was very white as she stood there, very beau- a tiul, an I trembling in the dlim light. "So I was, father. I'm glad I came.' Seo! r thire's a hlash! I couldn't sleep, father, dear, and t so I thought i'd come to you." " yVery glad ye came. my girl. Why, Lucy, have ye, i .'el frightened' Are ye cryin', lov'ey? That's t a tear, or fit, a Dutchman'' " Nothing, father-nothin' at all. I was a little f fri.hhcned at first, but now I am here I feel safer. t The thuidrere is going off, and I can soon get back. 1 it sill bedaylight soon." P'ue ' the sti-ri still grumbled around, and many vivid lReshs- darted across the black sky. In one of c these Raymond called outc, excitedly: "'l'h Ti l: .ok thcrel He's conmeo again. Don't ye see hirm- the appearance!" " Where, father ?" exclaimed Lucy, startled by the suddenuess of her father's appeal anti the nature o it. "I don't see anything." "Not now ye couldn't, but I did. Well, I've waned him. and now he may take his chance. s There hie is still, crossing now-." In these.oend that had elapsed every object was as clear as noon-day, but now blackness had settled down again. Thire thnder that followed the last ilasih wais apparently nearer. " Get ye home, Lucy. I'll not be Lite. IHave i breakfast laid ready, thero's a good lass. Run away c now." " Irun awy, father. Why should [?" she asked, playing upo r tie words with a strange pleasure, and alnost w ishi ig he would detain her in the signal-box 1 by force 'ill morning. "Go homie, child," replied the old man, testily. SLeave ipo; run now boterore the rain comes worse; your thii. dress will be wet through. Good night, ui 'y laes3." " Good night and good bye," she murmured, softly. "(tire me your blessing, dear father." "tod I less ye, girl, and send ye happinesss. I feel strange to night myself. But go, and heaven pre-serve you, my girl. S'ce w. nt reluctantlv. Kissing him warmly, and then wit' slaw unwilling steps, notwithstaudingthe mrin shiex.had now recommenced, she returned hoe-ia -e, At the gate a man awaited her. She almost -ere:-secd at seeing him there. "' eore I r m, Lucy, darling, as I said, punctual to the time. lalf-past two. Have youput the thinge up:" "Yes, Frank; but I do not thinkI can go like this. Why not wait and ask father and----" "Georg'e Collier, I suppose," sneered the man. " Oh, certainly. Hadn't we better toll them all about it now ?" " Don't be so crudel, Frank. You know what I have sacrificed for you, and yet I wish we could Ihaveo ated ditferently. But it is too late-too late !" "Too early you mean, Lucy," cried the man impatiently. "It will be daylight soon. We can cross the lit e, and in ten minutes we shall be in the trap. Corns, darling Lucy, come." She still hesitated, and he proceeded, "Well. then, I must go alone. The transport sails on the 2rth, and I have only one more day. I re-engaged as ai married man, and am on the strength ' of the regiment." " I thought you was an officer, Frank; you told me so. Are not you an officer ?" "Yes, a' non-com.'-withouta commission I mean. Nowse, my girl, no nonnsnse; pick up your spirits and your clothes andlet's be off. You mastyou shall come, d'ye hear?" Lucy almost rebelled at these words, but con trolled lher temper as she thought of the probable consequences. Then in a more submissive frame of mind she entered the cottage, and soon returned with a good.sized bundle. "Hero are my thingse," she said. "I've saved all the money I could, and have got it hero." SIhe touchel her bosom as she spoke, and after a hurried glance around the youthful pair hastened down the path to the irailway line. 'there ewas a sort of dim light from the ecastern sky, and tlny were admonished there was no time They crosseed the rilwsayunobserved as they fancied, and were at once hidden in the deep shadows of the trees. Bait ltaymvond had perceived from his elevated nacho the gliding figures, He was certain this time that his eves had not deceived him. In a momcnt he was on the line hurrying towards the tunnel. He had made rp his mind to find out the mystery. His brain was in a whirl. Hte fancied he recognised a female form like Lucy's. He must be going mad ! A sudden ecrcam-a roar-a rush-ra terrible grinding, rasping sound in his ears. He had no time to turn round-no time to utter a cry for help. lhe engine throw him aside withta horrible sweeping action from the buffer and cast him in the permanent way a mangled, dusty heap of matter, apparently no longer human. (To be continued.) T?IERE is not in nature anything so remotely distant from God, or so extremely opposite so him, as a greedy and griping niggard. Ir's them as takes advantago that gets advantago i' this world, I think; folks have to wait long enough before it's brought to 'en. To things which you bear with impatience you should accustom yourselfd, and by habit you will bear them welL THn Christian religion is the only religion for the wretched. It descends to the very lowest, and makes whole the sick ones of earth. The light shinestheclearest where the darkness is most dense. GoD' best gifts are the commonest-the air, the light, the beauty of the world, the blue heaven, the winds and stars, and sunset, the infant's smile, the mother's tenderness, thosweet affection of sisters, and child and wife. .1Ainrns are spiritual heroes. Every man has some hour of martyrdom in his existence. The Saviour of al was the great martyr of the human family, and through such a prototype all martrydom ha.s become uno=pe.akably blessed and sacred. lMe young friend, you see the broad new truth, and you have put it mn very manly words. Only don't lose hold of that belief in the old faith, which is more preciouls to my reason, as well as to my moral soreo, the oldern grow, and have to do with sorrows and difliculties which you, in youth and vigour, do not klrnw yet. WE should not sadden tho harmless mirth of otlhra by suffering our own melancholy to bo soen. This species of cxertion is, like virtue, its own reward; for the goodspirita and cheerfulness which are at first stimulated become at length real. IT's a strange thing to think of a man who can l;ft a chair with his teeth, and walk fifty miles on end, trembling and turning hot and cold at only a lolk from one woman out of all the re t in the world. l's a mystery we can give no account of; but no more we can of thebo sprouting of the seed, for that matter. DorESTic LIFE OF THE SCILLEcas.-Students of Schiller will learn with pleasure of an interesting dis covery of papers which fill up a hitherto missing passage in the domestic life of the Schillers. Theso papers, which have been placed in the Schiller House at Marbach, the native place of the poet, gave a pleas ing insight into the affectionate relationship which existed between mother and son. Schiller's father, John Kaspar Schiller, died in 1706, but it was the wish of all concerned that there should be no appro priation of his property, and itwas only on tile death of the widow in 1802 that thle effects were divided. Thile inventory of the effects shows no cash toliavebeen left, and the whole belongings of the widow are estimated at 140 florins (1f1.=1s. 8d.); but together with this valuation must be taken the remark that "Frau Defuncta distributed the chief part of her clothes among her children during life." 'The library. was modest enough in all conscience, for it consisted of eleven volumes valued at 1 florin 9 lreutzera. In one of the documents it is remarked that " the soan, Herr Ilofrath Schiller, has stated in a letter to the clergyman IHerr Frank, dated Weimer, Mlay 23, 1802, that the amount of the doctor's and apothecary's ex penses of the deceased must not be deducted from the whole sum of the legacy, but only from his share. These amount to -tIfl. 10kr., which are deducted from Herr Hofrath's claim." Schiller received by lot a silver table spoon, a silver thimble, and a white-grey mnuff (valued at 5fl.), and without lot a gold ring (valued at 311). In a letter highly creditable to his nature Schiller writes on March 23, 1802, to his brother-in-law Frank: "' If your late mother has made no different deposi tions, and if you, most esteemed brother-in-law, and my sister Louise, do not object, I would like, if pos-ible, to keep sometlhing from the effects of the dear mother (' Effecten der liheben Miitter'). which may be to me a cent-nual remem!rance, if anything of the kind should I e met with, and for It I will willingly forego the articles of clotting meant for us. 7h1 artiele need notbe of value save that by it the relneem bran o is renewed." Schiller writes to his sister Christophino when he foresaw the d, alth of his mother : ' O dear sister, both loving .arents are no a- dead, and this old tie which bound us in I.fo is broken. It m kes moeverysid, and I feel very desolate, though I see myself surrounded by loved and loving beings, and still have you and your good si-ter to whom I fly, in vorrows and in j y. O let us, since we three alone are left of tlie hpaternalhome, bind ourselves all the more c osely to each other." Schiller did not long survive the parent for whom he mourned so deeply, for it will be remembered that he died in May, 1805, when only forty-five years old. A llRsst.u WOeK OF AnRT.-Death had robbed the to 'n of G., in Siberia, of its chief magistrate. The resident merchants, with whom he had been a great favourite, wishedto subscribe to his portrait, and seot the following classical letter to M. Scotti professor of histori:al mpainting at the Moscow School of Art :" The grateful company of merchants at G. desire to honour the n emery of the well-beloved chief magistrate re cently deceased, and to this behoof they res;: ectfully request the Moscow School of Art to produce his portrait in colours and life-size. Inclosed are 200 silver roubles and a full description of the subject." The tetter contained neither a photograph nor even a sketch of the deceased, but only a sheet of p per with the following particulars: "Aged fifty-twa years and six months; height, two arschin nine-and. a-half ver schok; hair and eyebrows, sandy; eyes, grey; mouth and chin, ordinary ; face, smooth; special feature, talks through his nose.' Professor Scotti entru-ted the commission to Astrochov, a pupil of the School of Art, noted for his wit and ready humour. In a couplle of days the portrait was completed and forwarded to its address. Not long afterwarJs Professor Scotti re ceived another letter, in which the family of the de ceased and the merchants' guild of the worthy town of G. tendered the artist theircordial thanks as they found that the portrait bore an extraeordinary resem blance to the original l-Odessa Lisltok. llenAuvs.-Carved-oakcabinets graduallygave place to suchas were decorated with marquetry, or pictoral mosaic, made up of very thin slices of veneer, or thin wood of different colours, fastened dlown with glue. The shape of the cabinet, too, underwent a change. The " bureau" consists generally of three parts: a shallow cupboard (closet) or bookcase, a writing-desk with a sloping flap that folds down and becomes a table, amid with a chest of three or four drawers below. The back part of the centre is a cabinet in small, has pigeon-holes and drawers, not unfrequently secret drawers, ingeniously hidden, and when released by moving some sliding division of the woodwork start ing out with a spring. The present writer has known an ancient family bureau on receiving an anecidental shock dis:lose a drawer lined with old spade guineas; but such happy discoveries are probably very rare. The earlier bureaus arc commonly not made of oak, but of wa!nut-wood. S8metimes the doors of the upper part are sheets of plate-glass, silvered fr mirrors, or plain. These glasses ar. generally cut into curves of various shapes on their edges, andt Levelled. showing that they have been made at Lambeth, sub sequently to tihe erection of the glassworks by t o Duke of Buckingham in 1070. Walnut-wood was imported and used towards thie close of tile Seventeenlth Century in considerable quantities.-M?aqazinc of Art. Oxinsan CenomomiFs.-Walk where you will in Ox ford there are countless associatioos to turn your thoughts; tihe quadrangloe of Wolsey, the cloisters of Laud, the walk of Addison, and the rooms of John son, proclaim a severe and long-tried system, whoseo fruits have moroe than answered in richness, though they differ in kind from the expectations of the founders. To look back over college days makes a man for a moment pensive, if not melancholy. It is a little life in miniature. It has had its 'lawn, its noonday, and its night; itsyouth, its manlh6'd, andits ago; first proud self- complaisance, with warm and sanguine hopes, as of days too many to count; of strength, vigour, and resolution, too rife to fail; then a more subdued and tempered season, with schemes imore moderate for greater safety; the first dawn of sus picion and distrust in itself and others; and atlast the autumn and thleharvest-when thie work of spring is done, or closed, at least, irrevocably, and when the wise may exult as they reap, but the foolish must sigh for the days when they were too thoughtle?a or too confident to till or to sow. As to the social intercourse of collhge, cverything which happens, from the rusti cation of some fast man to the insal'ation of a Cuhan cellor, from the winning of acricket match to tile last Ireland Scholarship, or expected double first-class in the schools. all these matters Soon spread; every college is soon w. iI informed of whit is notable in any other. If there is ally staleor political crisis, oranything new expected in the literary world, why, there was always a Sugden, DPenman, or Paul in one college, or a Scott, Wilberforce, or Lockhart, orif not, a nephew or cousin, at least of Soulloey, Moore, or Rogurs ia arother, or at lJest some man who enow some one eho aho had given him the last news of Abbotsford or brentwecd. And then how grateful is the imprtanece of be'ng pur veyor of tllese sla s seerels, or Parnassian mysteri e. Then with what interest do we read th sale sime r,-, h in T'hcydides, or the same chores of .iscihylus, I-,it in which tile best man of the day was exeimieid the morning bhf'ire. What is the merc paroehial osels of our vacation compared with the breadth ondmiufr mation, anddtheatirringinterests of sauniversityi rek. fast or winepirty? 'rile one is limited almost to the boundsof a single parishl; th other is enriched with the tributary streams of daily history from every quarter of thie British Empiro. Ant what is your vacation soiety, too? Where but in one of -ur universitiesecanyou, in any stated morning, meet, ton or fifteen youug men together, ott aeeustomed only to the bestsociely, and with minds yet lntainted b' tle selfishness, the jealousie., the contuintions, snd' ;ai mesities which the daily struggle for dail- brhea-, it t galling compromises of an independent spirit, ani all the"contemely whichtie deserving from the ti worthy take," insensibly imprint upon the lhart, blunting the fine-edged true nobility, and marrin,,g ie delicate sensibility of the man? No, no. lew men are blessed with the chastening influence of this society after academic days. But be it remembered that to enjoy these benefits a youth must be placed in a fair position to take full advantage of this social as well as intellectual sphere. Yes. It is quite possihe to bein Oxford asd not of it. Some have no higher aim in sending tseir sons to college than to profit by the en dowments, to qualify with the name of 5.A. or M A.- a mere speculation of business, perhaps to add to a prospectus fora schoolmaster. This, though not in known at Oxford, is far more common at Cambridgo. A friend who migrated from Cambridge, after eix terms spent tuero, to Oxford, remarked to me that the difference which struck him was especially this: at Cambridge he felt in a place of busineas, while it was education purely at Oxford.-Londosn Soerlio. TiEtes is some help for the defects of fortune, for if a man eannot attainto thelength ethiswishes,lhemay bays his remedy by cutting of them shorter. An old bachelor, who particularly h.tca literary women, asked an authores; if she could thruow .,iny light on kissing "I could," said she, looklng.trchl)y it him, " but I think its better in thie dark." In the company of Arclhbisihop Whl:atel.y, a atly once remarked that the Bay of Dulbllin re:h nineI lwr of Switzerland. "Yes, ?ridaone," rejoined the a:'e' bishop, " only in Switzerland there is no aea, and in Dublin there are no Alps." Isn a trial for assault and battery: Counsl: "I will now introduce an eye-witness of the affair Samuel Smith. What is your occupation?' Witn ss: "A blind beggar." AN Irish paper says : " At present the Scotch peor are not fed, theyexist on the recollection of what they ate in former years!" Purina mother: " Yes, I shall be happy to give you the wages you ask; but I shall expect you to lovethechildren." Nurse: "I shall be hlappy to do so, ma'am; but, of course-tl.hat would be all extra." A nAcnHLOn Says that all lie should ask for in a wife would be a good temper, health, and unter standing, agreeable physiognomy, figure, good con nection, domestic habits, resources or amusement, good spirits, conversational talents, elegant manners - money. PRIVATE i - wrote a touching letter to his parents, dwelling on the hardshllips of life incathp, and wound up as follows : "Dear Father and Mother, I must now conclude, for my feet are so cold that I cannot hold my pen any longer." " In what condition was the patriarch Job at the end of his life?" asked a Sunday-school teacher of a quiet-looking boy at thl foot of the class. " Dead," canlmly replied thle boy. A taxo who had recently become possessed of a large fortune was once asked why hlie always persisted in driving out alone in his brouglh:am, without ever asking a friend to join him. " Why, imy dear fellow," was the innocent reply, " don't you see that if there were two of us in the conveyance, folks would not know wlhichone it belonged to !' A TTrr E boy, sonic six years old, was ising a shte and pencil on a Sunday, when his father, who was a minister, entered and said, " My son, I prefer that rou should not use your slate on the Lord's-day." " I am drawing chapels, father," was the prompt reply. LAm?ts whole wish to avoid uncultured criticism are advised to shuf their windows when indulging in melody light. Thle other evening I was passing thronugh a quiet square, at a certain house whereof a good singer was rendering that beautiful, though now old, song "Good-bye." A small b.y, who had evidently found the entertainment distasteful, at length remarked, in a loud voice, to another critic, "Jim, don't she 'olter?" " Ir I go to Heaven shall I be as finely donned (dressed) as you?" asked a littleraggedSundayscholar of her teacher. " Much more beautifully." " Shall I be donned like you were that day when I row you going to a party?" She was told that no earthly clothing could be compared to the white robes of Heaven. "Shain t we swagger?" said the child, with an air of intense satisfaction. A r.nr was travelling in a stage-coach with a troublesome barking dog in her lap. A gentleman, a fellow-passenger, complainedof the annoyaiee. "Dear me, sir !" exclaimed thel lady, with an air of astonish ment, "Iwonder you complain of my dog; evermy body else admires it. Its a real Peruvian." " I doai t complain of your Peruvian dog, madame," replied lie, "but I wish he'd give us a little less of his 'Peruvian bark." Comxno down late to brlakast one morning, a lady stayingat the same hotel at Buxton as Lord tyron inquired for fthle tongue, and was informed that the poet hadeaten it all. Thie h ly was much annoyed. "I mn very angry with his lordship," said she. " I wasassuredbeforehand, madame, that you did not need any," was Blyron's response. "No," said an old lady, " I'm not one to talk about my neighbours, or say anytlhing behind their backs. Now, there is Mmrs. Brown, she who lives over in the corner house. I may not like her very well, still, that's no reasoun why I shtould run her down. But I do feel miserably sorry for poor Mr. Brown and tlhe children." Wime the christening party duly waits at the font, how needful itis to be quite sure of the sex and the namno of the infant. My friend II- forgetting to ask, and assuming, I suppose, from its lusty cries that the child was a boy, proceeded with the service as written, when hlie was somewlhat discomfited tby a buxom laoss witlh, " Please, sir, he's a she." "Ix looking out of doors, do you notice how bright is thie green of the grass and leaves ?"' asked an elderly gentleman of a little girl last week wihose home he was visiting. " Yes, sir." " Why does it appear so much brighter at this time?" he next asked, looking down upon the bright, sweet face with tender interest. " Blecause ran has cleanled the windows, and you can see out better," she said. A wmu brought a horse driven by a young man to a stop in the street by lthe word " Whoa," and said to the driver, "'That's a fine horse s-ou hiave there." "Yes," answered tho yomung ima, "ibut lie has one fault; lie was formerly owned by a butcher, and al waysstops when hlie hears ai calf bleat." tIUcumerouem-rT is certainly in the right when t?e says that a lady's secrets are chielly in the habit of being betrayed by hier anxiety to concesl themn. A lady latelyhavinggoneinto the country on a visit, in writing to her sister at home, thus conclude I er letter: "Above all do be careful not to read the letterswhich I hid away from you in the large old teapot." A uREoNCHIMAN, who had been for some time study ing Englisll, wished to lose no opportunity of sayinig somethingcomplimeniary. Oneevening lie observedr to Lady It--, whose dress was fawn-eolour, while that of lher daughter was pink. "Mi-lady, your daughtler is, I see, the pink of beauty." "Al, monsieur," replied the lady, "you IFrenchmen are always prone to flattery." "No, madame, indeed I only do speak de trutlh. And I anm sure all de world will allow that your daughter isde pink and that you are do drab of fashion!" " Now, Johnnie," said the teacher, "if your father borrows £100 and promises to pay £10 a week, how much will tie owe in seven weeks ?" " One hundred pounds," saidl Jolhnnie. " 'm afraid you don't know your lesson very well," remarked thie teacher. "I may not know my lesson very well," Johnnie frankly re marked, "but I know my father." In one of the select schools at Brighton thie other day thie question was given iln a written exaiminati'n, " What is a mummy?" One of thie scholars, ai girl, gave the following answer :-" A nununly is an em balmed dead body from which the intestines and the soud have been removed." ONE of the professors of a certain university was engaged in explaining the Darwinian theory to his class wlhecn hle observed that his pupils were not paying attention. "Gentlemen," said the profi-essor, "when I am endeavouring to explain to you the peculiarities of the monkey, I wish you would look right at me." Sno??AKatn: Doyou think these bookts would fit you well " Country Customner : "Na, they're faur owvre wee. I couldna get them on till I'd worn them twa or three times." LxTrr.e Em'tos came running into the parlour yesterday morning, wulers tier mother was entertaining young Mr. Budder until Miss Mary would coiipleto her toilet uid coie downstairs, iid cried, " Oi, niama, Johnmy isdot Mary's teef, and wonut give'ema tos leer." A rusnntCAnr approached a Mancetester xiai the otlier day, and said : " Dear sir, I have lost min leg!" To wllieh tlu e iManceles.ter man replied, as ie hurried iaway: "My dear friend, I hlave not se'n ateytleing of it." T'me Duchess of Newcastle, whouwns a great writer of romances iu the tiiie of Charles II., asked ilshop Wilkins, who had just announced lis discovery of a world in the moon,iiowshe could get there. "As the journey," she scid, " must needs be veriy long, there will notbe any possibility for getting "tmere without stopping on flue way." " Your grace," replied the bishop, promptly, " can be at no lo.s fi r pla'es to stop at, as you }have already built so many castles in tOle air ! Ar a spiritixalistie seance the otherevening,a widow desired to 'ommunicate with tier dead hiusband. rl'es-,intly the r.ipiiigs were hieard and the widow said, " Is that you, Johmu ?" "Yes," caiie the reilly. " Is it really sueli a dreadful place, Johin ?" " Not at all; hleaven is a deligfltful place." "tMr. Medinln," suit the widow, turning to thit personage, "you xivo called Uip tie wrong man." An Irish gentleiian was recently attended by an emiinint London physician, u-hio, paining and looking at him with an inquiring glance, said, " I should like to know, sir, if your fainmih have beei lonii-gived ?" " Long lined, isit "respondedthlpatielit tlmoghtfully. " Wtll, doctor, Oil just tell you how it is. Our faiiily is a Wsc.t of Ireland family, and thle agn of niy ammestors d etiuded ext }rely on the judgeand jury weho treied Ohcm ?" Cononem. voan 'TAnK, a well-known German othicer, lost hiislegiduring the lFranco-Prussian war. Upon fis returnatoerlinitheEmperorsaid to him, " You lirf oneiof my noble heroes, aud, thanks to you, Germany has a foit il France." " True, your Mhje.ity, I ought to know. It was I who left it there." Ar.i umbrellas are alike to ihe unprotected man on a rainy day. 