THE Attorney-General on Tuesday moved the second reading of the rjocal Government*Bill, which he has consen- ted to take charge of, in order to relieve his over worked colleague, the Commissioner of Grown Lands, who has charge of the Crown Lands and other Bills. The speech <jf Mr. Downer was an able one—that of a man able to put bis case in the best light—-and with all the eloquence of a special pleader he made the most of the various alterations contemplated by the new Bill. He, however, did not appear to m?ke much progress with the House, aR the interjections from time to time were of an adverse nature, and indicate that if the Bill should pass it will be under great opposition. The Attorney-G- eneral pointed out that the proposed measure was progressive, and not as some asserted, retrogressive. That the enlarging of District Councils would be of Ijreat benefit to the country, and that the Shire Councils, if passed, would lead to decentralization which was so desirable. He contended that the construction and maintenance of main, roads was not an. expenditure that should be borne by the State, but by the Shires or districts through which they passed, and that we had been paying for too much for our main roads, which he admitted were equal to any in the world. In referring to the question of revenue, we are inclined to think the Attorney- General did what the lawyers for the prosecution in t 1 e case ol Lyall did, namely, produced evidence against himself, and the Bill he had charge of. He admitted that the total revenue that the Shires in all the colony would have, over that which Corporations and District Councils now receive, would be £87,925, whilst he admitted that the. increased expenditure would be £13,258, including nam roads and vermin destruction expenditure. When we remember wh»it the expenditure under these heads has betn in the past, ii is clear that nothing like the work required can be done for the money and the Government schpme must mean one of two things, either the Shires will be enormous'y burdened with rates and taxes or the work which has cost so much in ihe past to do by the Government will be most shamefully oeglected. It is not at all clear to us that roads that are for the convenience of the public, and which are main arteries leading through th« colony in different directions, should be wholly supported by the districts through which they pass. The genera! revenue should be responsible for a fair share of the cost of constructing and maintaining, but let the Shires do the work. The Attorney- General admitted that the matter of subdividing the Shires into Shire districts has been a most difficult one, and it is probable that the greatest opposition to the Bill will arise on the consideration of this part of it. For one man who ean : go into the statistical part of the Bill and en deavour to adjust the income, and expenditure proposed, there are twenty who can complain oi boundaries and object to being joined to other districts. It was affirmed by the mover for the second reading that in matters of election, indeed in most other respects, the Corporations Act will remain practically unaltered, while the Shires generally wiil be worked very m uch on the lines of the present District Councils, the time of elsction and the mode of assessing and so on being taken from that Act. The only member who spoke after the Attorney- General was his quondam clerk, Mr. Hamburg, who seems to delight to let the head of the Government know that he is not under his thumb now. Mr. Horn burg is evidently an opponent of the Bill in its present form and does not seem to think it is worth while trying to improve it inCommittee,as the session is so far gone. There is no doubt the Government are to blame for deferring the measure so 'ong, as it ought to have been one of the first introduced. Still, a discussion on the Bill, both in the House and through the press, will probably be of considerable benefit, and wili assist materially in improving its weak and unpopular parts. WEITING on the present position in Bulgaria the " Globe " says :—" If ihe ghost of Lord Be&consfield; could return from the grave to take counsel with the Marquis of Salisbury, the quarrel of Mrs. Prig and Mrs. Gamp would pro bably be matched in the recriminations which would take place between those two choice spirits as to who took the biggest share in the events which have led to the Bulgarian difficulty. For to their criminal interference in the Eastern question, with which the British people had firmly decided not to meddle, and to the most unrighteous provisions of the Berlin Treaty, which they originated, planned, and forced on Europe, may' be traced the terrible position of the most unfortunate Bulgarians Not one solitary provision of - that stupendous piece of statecraft has been carried out. The Treaty provided for thrt payment of a war indemnity by the conquered Tutks to the victorous Rus sians, but it forced the Czar to abandon every security the fortune of war had given him for its repayment, and the Turk, who is the chief swindler of Europe, to whose broken faith and reckless repudiation of the claims of national creditors are due more ruined homes than any other Government in the world has created, naturally never paid one penny. He never does pay He is the champion borrower of the universe, and the chief of all fraudulent bankrupts under the sun. The Treaty also provided for the payment by the enfranchised provinces of a certain part of Russia's war expenses, undertaken on their behalf, but that obligation Russia could not enforce without raising a renewed outcry against her interference. It further provided fhat Turkey should receive ransom money from Bulgaria, but that provision went with the rest, and finally provided that Bulgaria should be free from the Turkish misrule, while we now hear that the Turks are about to attempt to resume possession of the country. The : intention of the Treaty was to cheat Russia of the fruits of victory, and to set up such a rivalry in the East between Russia and Austria as would effectually neutralise the action of either Power. With this view Alexander of Battenburg was petted and fostered until he turned upon the hand that made him, and,tried to free himself from his obligations to hi3 Turkish Suzerian and his Russsan bensfactors at one blow. But Russia and Austria, and Germany, and Turkey are alike delighted at the deposition ot the princlet, and although they may presently quarrel over the spoil, the famous Berlin settlement at least is done with. The immediate future of Bulgaria is likely to be bitter indeed, for if it be possible the Turk will once more make it the theatre of war. Of its.ultimate destiny the one thing apparently certain is that it will be settled without any reference to English opinions. It is not, therefore, wonderful that Lord Salisbury watches the situation in Bulgaria with great anxiety. The extraordinary thing is that the British people should allow Mm to occupy a position from which may at any moment take such action as will involve England in a dangerous and a disgraceful war for the propagation of jingoism and the protection of a baseborn soldier of lortune. FOOTBALL FIXTCTKE.—A match will be played on Saturday next between the Young Turks and a team picked from the Mines, on the Young Turk's ground. Play to start at 3 o'clock sharp. ST. BENEDICT'S CHURCH, MINLATON.— A public meeting was held in the Hotel, on Saturday, August 28, with a view to furnishing a gentleman's stall at the forthcoming church Bazaar. The meet ing was called at the instance of the tradesmen of the township and was well represented. A numerous committee waB elected to carry out the object of tha meeting, Mr. Clucas being elected chairman. CROPS.—Most of the crops through from Adelaide to Wallaroo are looking well and promise a good yield, although many are very backward, and depend upon late rains for their fate. On the Adelaide plains the fields are looking well, but very low, and in some parts hardly cover the ground. Between Balaklava and Port Wakefield the young wheat .looks very promising, but coming through from the Hummocks to' Kadina the crops are by far the best, and to all appearances should turn out plenty of straw as well as grain. URATJIA. WESLEYAN SCNDAY SCHOOL ANNIVERSARY.—The annual tea and picnic in connection with the above came off on Wednesday last, when there was a large number of friends from the surrounding districts, in spite, of counter attractions and the Maitland races. During the afternoon the usual al fresco games were indulged in, and the weather being fine everything passed off to the satisfaction of all concerned. In the evening a public meeting was held, presided over by Mr v Jarrett, and addressed by the Rev. H. H. Teague and Mr. Howard, sen. Choice selections of music were sung by Mrs. Cornish, Misses Howard, Greenslade, Jarrett and Lamshed, and Messrs. Cornish, A. Thomas, and J. O. Tiddy, jun. CENTRAL YORKB'S PENINSULA A. H. AND F. SOCIETY.—A meeting was held in the Institute Hall, on Saturday last, August 28, to arrange for the annual show. The attendance was good. There waR some difficulty in fixing a date to avoid collision with the Maitland and Yorketown shows. Mr. D. E. Teichelmann ultimately tested the feeling of the meeting by proposing that the date should be fixed for October 22\. Mr. Bothe seconded, carried unanimously. This arrangement places the Minlaton between the Maitland and Yorketown shows the intermediate week, thereby making the best possible arrangement for the convenience of exhibitors who wish to avail themselves of the Peninsula shows. A sub-committee to revise the prize list was appointed, and a general meeting announced for Saturday next. S. Eastwood, Esq., president, occupeid the chair. WESLEYAN ICBILEE SERVICES.—In connection with this movement services were held in the Wesleyan Church, Walaroo, on Sunday evening The attendance was good. The Rev. Samuel Knight officiated and delivered an interesting address, setting forth the object of the services and the growth of methodism. Mrs. J. James, a lady of considerable ability, materially assisted with her voice in making the services more attractive. On Monday evening a public meeting was held. Mr. Maughan occupied the chair. The jubilee deputation delivered several addresses of an interesting character on the subject of methodism. The Rev. Samuel Knight was very forcible in his remarks on the growth of methodism in the old country and what it had done for England. So also was the Rev. C. T. Newman, who spoke at considerable length on the condition of the cause in this colony, and ' clearly explained the object of the jubilee. Mrs James, during the meeting, sang several solos very sweetly. The donations received and promised amount to about £100, which should be very satisfactory. The arrival of the first through tram over the Canadian Pacific Railway is announced from Vancouver, British Columbia. The train left Montreal on the evening of the 28th. June, and arrived at Vancouver early on Sunday morning, having taken about 130 hours to travel a distance o| 2,900 miles. The railway authorities intend reducing the time to 130 from 120, and eventually hope to do the journey from Montreal to the Pacific coast in 90 hours. The time occupied in going from New York to San Francisco is 156 hours, so that the Canadian route is by far the shortest in point of time as well as distance. Wolfe's Schnapps has often been pirated, t has never had a rival. 