CBICKET. Except that never-to-be-forgotten match against All England at the Oval in 1882, X do not recollect ever having witnessed * more exciting finish to a game of cricket than that between the Australians and Middlesex last Saturday. When I left the ground to post my letter on Friday afternoon, our men were all out for 3o4 runs, which although it ap pears a large score, by no - means represented a grand performance, for the wicket was superb and the bowling ridiculously easy. They should have scored, at .least 100 more. 272 bad been scored for two wickets, when a change came over the game, and the last eight men only put on 82 rune. The yells of 'delight at this collapse 'might' have been heard; Sn Jfigypt. Going in for the second time, MeBsrB.fWebbe, Sfcoddart, and Scott, managed to acore~83 rupB 'before stuinps were drawn for the day, with the loss of -:St6daart'e wicket : only. Continuing their innings the next day, Webbe and Scott ran the figures up to 129; when the former was neatly caught sat -Bquare^ejc :ior a very good inningB of , -61. .Tbi^gs then.; went badly for ?tiie county. Calmer boiled role^didJj, putting on a marvellous' leg 'orealt, and *t£e wi^kete of Walker, Spillman, O'Brien, and G. B. Studa fell in sapid succession, only 34 'runs having; been added 'since Webbe' s departure. Vemon came npon the scene, and the Bcore amounted to 3 81, when Scott was very finely caught by Spillman fielding as eubstitute for Jarvis. West joined issue, but he receivedhis quietus witbput the score being increased, and only two more runs bad deen added when Barton was caught by Braoe off Giffen. When the last man, Boberteon, emerged from the pavilion, padded for this fray, things looked indeed black for Middlesex, only 88 runs on, and Bobertson,nnder ordinary oirenmstances, not worth a single run. However, bung as cool asacaownber, be kept bis wicket np .while Vemon save Giffen a lively time of it, driving -torn all over the gronndaor twos and threes. . This brought on Evans, who^topped the BcoringfKto' thai; end: bnt Vernon was slapping Palmer abontln'grand trtyle until, oaught by GiSen, having made «n invaluable 37. The iniuiigs ; closed for 217, ~ or 125 rons to the good. This looked an easy taek.enongh, and when Jones and Soot* went to the wickets irary little odds would bavfibeen taken that they would |iook off the score between them. Boon, however, was too anxious to make rans, and was stumped for 4. Giffen went in, tmfi -Jones began' to: 3iit' bat, . nuiin-ng three 4'i in«ncce»8iori off Burton^ But at 27 he ww caught ptjBidioff from a jreaA'^after Itooheoii' kind of stroke. Jarvis joined Giffisn; and these -two kept ihebaUalive. Tbe score was hit Tap to 731jeforei£e former was caught at the wicket. Garrett, who «ame in next, played carefolly,' while Giffen knocked ULe bowling About bravely. : When 10P went np it looked any odds on these two men' taking their bats out. - So thought Middlesex, for jhhey fielded without any life, and displayed the UstlesBnees so character istic of i tBngl«ii crioketerB 'when things are going wrong. Even the epectators were inoculated with this feeling, »ad I began to aose. Afiof »«udaenl was awakened by a round of applause. What can it be? Another four? No J / T*e cheering denoted the downfall of Gifien'e.wio1;et,'^e having .played a ball'froin Barton oni ..Mnoh as I-Mgretted the inci dent, it was quite -refreshing to see the representa tives of] John Bull begin tp.^ke heart once more, and Webbe might have'beBn'^een aotuaUy jogging along Jo changing bis place incthe field;' Four wickets for 104, and only 19 to wbu.. Brace came in? but before the score was altered Girrett .fell :? -victim to a patch At the wicket. TrnBAl« a^iitered jn, ^^only to see Brace nailed . at slip.' The ^excitement was in ^cseasi&g;* a&d; tiie ' fieldsmen ''oeltan to.^wake. .ssp,' encouraged by fran^'.cheeill, which became rtftafming when two rons litter ^imble was iaten at mid-off. John Bull was' now -fbbroughly on his inettle, and leven fee «maU S|not of *naiatalianB who bad congregated oloBebythesoorinjf'bosrd,witii2lr. J. Pope for ' fogkman,' -began W; think fiat matters looked senpu, EiaaB-ym* jtiieiDext hone of jthe for after '*^pg ^'wwy^ *T*?_^T*s iriagT''^'°iT'**y caught at point: Wfll^heyHBivjMr^et the runs— only ?etc Surely Paimer OBa;kniobt?ei*»«*5 in two good lots. No.it ii- notto fee? W%?reatbowler had to say adieu -with^-a»e iBftorefflaH-ai £&. Mean time Bowley, *ope: iad : ^token his stand, and encouraged by the cneen '^-E 4J» small Austral lian party aforesaid, played like a veteran. Or.lv -me wicket to fall, and still those 8 runs are .wanted. ? Fortunately ihere yet remains a man who has never yet failed to come off on a. pinch— the- imperturbable Bl&ckham;, prinop of wioketkeepers— is there to save the cricket honor of Australia. Cool as a onoumbsr he walks to the wicket. Profound silence — a painful etillneas pre-' vailB ; even the Australian oorner is quiet. Hurrah ! the first ball from Burton Blaokham eneaJcstothe. off for two. The next he treats in like manner for four, and a regular yell comes from the little knot of Australians. ' Over.' Will Bowley Pope's nerve stand the strain ? Almost as quickly as this thought passes through my brain West delivers a ball, Bowley plays at it, it hits his pad, and goes for 2. Hurrah! the match is won. Now pent up feelings are allowed freedom, and cheer after cheer rixurs out. The crowd rash across the ground like a swarm of bees; and, ' Well played, Blackham,' 'Bravolittle 'on,' .' Well done, Middlesex,' are heard on all sides. It was fully an hour before the crowd opposite the pavilion dispersed,, after witnessing a score which has rarely been equalled on a cricket' field— not even when Evans won that memorable intercolonial match by bis phenomenal bowling. Well might we echo, ' Well done, Blackham,' and lucky indeed for our side was it that, not feeling very 'pink,' he asked to go in last. I dread to think what would have happened had Bruce or Trumble been the last men in. ' An old dog for a hard road,' ' they say, and there is nothing like having a man of nerve in reserve for an emergency. Itisbere that Blackham, Tom Garrett, and Spofforth shine. Their coolness on a pinch is always to be dependent upon. These young Viotorian ' wonders' are Tory well in their way, but they cannot be depended upon in a close thing. No doubt as they pain experience they will improve ; but bo far their performance only makes us regret the more the absenoe of veterans like Murdoch, MaodonnelL Massie.Horan, and Boyle. Bowley Pope deserves 'every credit for his pluck. As I have said before, he played like an old hand, and if in bis chosen career he exhibits the same amount of nerve in a difficult operation lie trill surely make a name for himself. Of Scott, as captain, I cannot say anything favorable. HeTaois experi ence, added to which he generally elects to place him self ;in the outfield, where he cannot possibly Bee what is going on or consult those who possess more knowledge of the game than himself. He uses no judgment in changing the bowling. He keeps men on lone after they should have been changed, and be fails to avail himself of the talent at his disposal. With regard to Evans, who is always dead on the wicket, and generally keeps down runs, he is generally put on for half a dozen overs and then taken off without rhyme or reason.. He bowled splendidly in the first innings of Middlesex, but in the second innings- be wae-put on for six oven, of which four were' maidens,1 and only two runs were madeoff him. He was then taken off and only put on at the fag end of the innings, when he bowledfour maidens in succession. The public recognise. this, « and whenever Ted . goes on he is always loudly cheered. A good captain has much to do with the success of a team, and I am afraid that Scott's lack of judgment (I can't find a qualifying word) does not improve the esprit of the present Australian representatives. It is Bald that he was seleoted because he was the ' best speaker in the team.' If this be true, they must indeed be badly off for spoolers ; for if the few speeches I have heard him make are any criterion of his ability in that line, bis oratorical powers are not great. BOWING. I spent a couple of hours with Beach yesterday at the White Hart, Barnes, where he and Kemp are very comfortably located. They are both in the best of health, and William says that he was never so well in his life. They have a nice sitting-room overlook ing the river and the meadows on the Middlesex Bide. There William sits contemplating and admiring, the beauties of nature. He is quite an enthusiast in sunsete, sbd as we eat at the window last evening watching the golden orb sink into the west in all bis gorgeous splendour, William turned to me and said, ' What do yer think of that, Mr. Little John? Ain't it lovely? There's no painter can oopy that.' The champion ia growing homesick, and his thoughts ever turn to the happy little Dapto home, where he cays he loves to be with his wife and youngsters. William baa been doing good work, and he is now just far enough advanced In condition to be able to 'put the polish on' at a fortnight's notice. lam pleased to say that he has positively declined to allow the ohampionship of the world to be included in Mr. Innes' proposed sweepstakes. He said to 'Pegasus' last evening : ' I will row any man in the world singlehanded for the ohampionship, but I am not going to risk that title in a regatta. I repre sent Australia and the beBt sporting com munity in the world, and I am not going to forfeit the friendship of gentlemen who have done so much for me and mine by doing what I know and feel sure they would not approve of. I will row in four regattas if you fix a tune to suit me, and I will put in my sweepstakes of ^£200 willingly, but if any man wants to take the championship of tne world from me he must row me single-handed.' He said farther ' I will be 35 years of age on September 6, and after that date I won't row a race in England, bo if any one wants to tackle me he must hurry up. This was bis ultimatum; and Mr. Innes finding him immovable had to give way, and with draw the high sounding title he had given to the pro posed race. It will now be eimply a sweepstakes of 200 eovs each for all comers, with 500 added. It is announced that Boss, Teemer, Beach, Kemp, and Matterson, Perkinc, and Bubear, have entered, but! have it from Kemp tnat his entry was unauthotiBed, and I thipk I may safely say the -;. same of Matterson. Some gentleman (I think it may have been Mr. Hagon) who had been lunching 'not wisely, but too well,' called at the Sfobtemak office, am entered the two scullers named, leaving JB25 deposit for each. Neither of them, however, will, I think, see the poet. Hanlan's same will be missed from the list of entries, and the omission will be gene rally regretted. This will deprive the race of some interest, as the British public still be lieve that there is no sculler like him. I was quite prepared to find that he bad not entered, for I have had a pretty good experience of Mr. Haul an and know what a thorough cocktail ' he ia. He would, I dare say, have entered bad anybody guaranteed his sweepstakes ; but he is too fond of money to be willing to throw away his own cash, and I dare Bay ho calculated upon Mr. Innea putting up the .£200 for him. That gentleman, however, is Quite as full of him &b;, I dare say, Borne Sydney people (Mr. T. M. Alcook for instance) are. Banian was undoubtedly the moat finished and, oer baps, the very finest sculler the world has ever Been ; but, as a man, he is, and always was, a despicable, mean, and utterly ungrateful fellow. I cannot understand what object there was in entering Perkins and Bubear, for neither of them have a ghost of a chance. It may be that it is {or the purpose of making an easy heat fox any of the Yankees they may happen to be drawn against. though this would hardly be worth chuaking away .£200 each for. Besides, Beach might be the lucky man to draw against one or other of them. I don't suppose either of them will Btart. ' Beach is much disappointed that he cannot have another match with Hanlan, who wrote Borne time ago to Mr. Innes to say that he would like to row the champion on 'the Thames,' where he would have a fair chance, which he did 'not get on the Parramatta.' This insinuation naturally infuriated Beach, and he would be willing to row iTanln^ for nothing, jnst to have the satisfaction of beating him again. But now that Beach' has come to England Mr. Hanlan remains silent on the other Bide of the Atlantic Mr. Innes is too shrewd a judge to risk hie money by backing ff^ntf^j against the Mian who haa beaten him,*wioe ,,a», easily, and as, the wbflom champion's friends in Canada do not seem disposed to oometo the JEront -on bis .behalf, there -wiS be »o rape. NertKer do MeBBrs. ^Teemer and Wallace 'Bobb seem -inclined to follow up their lpuS obpltenge. So. long as Beach remained in Sydney tiiey weremost anxiouBto rowMm on the Thames; but when he is within reach; we hear no more of their desire to do eo. Ab the Spobtino Lira nays, ^they are as silent as oysters.' I do not know whether they will wriggle out of rowing for the sweepstakes, but we shall soon have that point cleared up. The date fixed for the regatta is Monday, August 30, and the racing will be continued on the two following days. The tune-honored champion course will not be the scene of this event, as Mr. Innes, who . is pror meter, boss, and self-appointed manager ofttaaffafR has made the following arrangements :— The final deposit of .£75 each toward the sweepstakes shall be paid to him in the Star and Garter, Putney, on Fri day, August 27, between 7 and 8 p.m., when the -namoB of the competitors who have paid up shall be drawn in pain, and in the first or any Biiooeeding draw, the first name taken from ' the bat will be entitled to a** row over 'if the oompe ?titors repi^entan«ldaiamberf The racimr will J«t rowed on Monday, August, 38; Tuesday, August 3l7 and Wednesday, September 1* aa in accordance with the original conditions, the men .will not be called upon to row twice in one day. Thiffirst heat will be rowed from two skiffs moored twenty yards apart IS?6 fek*?^8 W8* LtSdon, .railway. bridge. at. Wandsworth, finishing jit a- fla£-boat oVp66lte Gwyune's at Hammeremifli. The second teat \nlf be rowed from two skiffs moored twenty yards apart opposite Biffen's at Hammersmith, finishing at a flag-boat juBt below *he Strand-on- the-Green ?railway bridge near Kewf After, high water jpn Monday; ' August 30, 'the HEird heat will be rowed down from the Sbnad-on-the-Green bridge to Biffen's. On the Second day the Wudsworth to Hammersmith and Hammersmith to Kew. courses will again be rowed Over in the seoona1 round, but the final neat will be Towed on ttoCbampioHBhm course, starting from Pnfeey Bridge at- Stefcbnrbrforejli»h water, and &iiisUnjf; opposite tfte Ship atHbrtSi*. The uu'-ire to be nominated «t the final deposit, but f ttfl: oompetatorB do not agree Mr. Innes willap ?oh» one, also a distance judge. All the minor arrangements, ateamboat chartenni?, &c;'.,*- be-eetfled by the competitors. In the event of ei&er; of thev seven entrants failing to comply with thessrwJnditions he shall forfeit the amount ho has deposited* ..'? ? ' Notwithstanding Beach's express, and very proper stipulation (upon which understandiug only he entered) that the race should not be called the ? sculling (iaffipionBhip of the world, the Spoets uur pereists in giving the race that title, and makes- 'eome- -remarks about the hollowness of the honors afctabhad thereto. Beach justly thinks a great -deal of tiie championBhip, and so, no doubt, will %be man who-sueceeds in wrestinsr it from him in a fair single-handed competition, notwithstanding the opinion of either ' Pegasus ' or the Spobtskas. I do not know how the date fixed will suit the trans athvntio Boullers, who are buBQy engaged, 'Hippo- droming,*' which appears to be a fairly profitable game, 2 we may judge by the nnmber of ' purses ' hey., now for j and provided also that the BaiaC' purses' really contain as much as is said. Aooordrag to the last aeoomtta, the final heat of the Sculling Baoe in the Toronto Begatta was ; rowed oh 'June 8, and the result caused very con ?iderable' dissatiBfaction. Hanlan appears to have rowed the ',!' lightning boy,' Hosmer, toft standstill, and tiwn. allowed George Lee to win. The judges— who for some reason or other were a long way behind the ^meiS at the finish— could not for some time decide who had won, but they eventually placed Lee irst, Hanlan second, Hosmer third. 'Jake' Gaudaur appears to have beaten Teemer in a race in Pullman (DLfc and One New York papers say that he immediately cabled a challenge to Beach to row a race on the Thames for the championship, but'r'our'WiIliam ' tells me that no message to that efleot has reached him. More Yankee vaporing I suppose, ^bey hare a wonderful lot of 'paper' champions across the water, and I should not be a bit astonished if the illustrious Courtenay were to in form: taw editor of some obscure sporting paper that be was prepared to have a cut in at Beach, and we should have the faot duly cabled over to the Spobtbman brSpoETjNa Lira. I long ago predicted in your columna-that there would be no race for the cbam plonshiir'iWwed on the Thames this year, and every day efawngthens my opinion. Bobs and Hanlan rowed (or were to row) a race at St. John's (New Brunswick, I suppose), on Thursday last, but the reeulthasnot yet reached us. Bobs and Teemer meet again for a purse of 800 dollars on Lake Memphrema gog— (yegbde! what a name) — after which we may perhaps see all these ' hippodroming' gentry in Eng land. - When they do come we shall have a merry repetition of the busy autumn of 1880. I certainly should like to see Teemer, who must be a very good sculler, even allowing that all the races he has con tested have not been rowed online most honest prin ciples. I know also that Gaudaur must be a pretty good man/ior David Ward (Banian's quondam friend) ^-who is about as good a judge of rowing as any in the world— told ine that 'if Jake was only square' few could beat-him, ' If he were only square!' aye, there's the rub. How many of those trans-atlantio sculling men are really ' square.' They can be 'squar'd,' however, very, easily, which is quite another ithi&g.; . ' ' ? Peter ^Kemp ...is going on well, and hopes to win both his matches. Matterson will go into training again on Monday. His trip to Yarmouth has done him a world of good. Perkins has gone into work for his encounter with Kemp. He looks and rows well, but asiiefis a litfle below racing weight he is not dis tressing himself- for the present. It is a curious think about Perkins that he actually increases in weight daring his training. He is now about 41bs lighter than be will row, yet he does plenty of work.- - -? . Complaints as to the unfairness of the old Henley Begatta course have been so persistently made for yearmpart, that that most oonsarvative of bodies, the Henley stewards, has at last consented to alter it, and the charge has given pretty general satisfaction. Many of your 'readers no donbt have either taken part - in the regatta or have enjoyed an outing at that most delightful of aqantio carnivals, and therefore the following description of the new and improved course may interest them : — The new course is completely staked out, with the exception of some half-dozen piles between Fawley Court Boathouse and the island, and a very good estimate can be arrived at as to how far the new conditions of the regatta course will ensure fair raoing. . The two winning posts are placed exactly opposite the upper end of Phillis Court, each about fortyfeet from the shore. The two rows of posts then run in exactly parallel straight lines to imme diatelT below Fawlev-court Boathouse. The Berk shire stakes then curve, slightly, and finish exactly at. the apex of the island, the Buoks .stakes gradually edging in until they finish. .j*V'th\e bushes opposite the end of the island. The channel between the Bucks shore and the island baa been well cleared of weeds andover hanging'jtreeB, and from the starting post, just below the island, to Fawley Court Boathouse, the crew on the' Buckraide 'will have a distinct advantage of slack water .and shelter from any Bucks shore or head wind; their opponents having virtually a centre station right up to the first gate above Bemenbam Farm. From Fawley Court Boathouse to the winning pott the course is perfectly etraieht, and in the event of a side wind all in favor of a Bucks crew. On the whole, no course could possibly be fairer than Henley nnder thepresent conditions, unless a wind comes o: the Bucks shore, when the boat on that side has all the. shelter. From Fawley Court to the finish the stakes on both sides could very well have been brought out some 15ft nearer the centre of the river, which would have done away with the shelter of the Bucks bank and put both crews on a perfect equality for at least, one-half of the course. Some thirty house boats are already moored between Phillis Court and Fawley Court boathouse, bnt no mooring is to be allowed except between July 2 and July 10, opposite the wall of Phillis Court. A private letting stand has been erected in Webb's Woodyard, and the only moored boat allowed on the Berkshire shore during the regatta will be an Oxford College barge, 'to be used by the stewards as a public stand. The press stand will be placed on piles in the river, imme diately below Poplar Point, commanding a view of the whole course from start to finish, and a telegraph station will be placed olose by in the Lion Meadow. CYCLING. The tandem' record for two miles waa lowered on Saturday at the Crystal Palace grounds by Messrs. F. J.Xtemund (Norwood S.B.C.) and G. E. Williams (Kent B.C.), who did the distance in 2min 47 2-5seo, beating Messrs. B. W. Crump and G. Gatehouse, of the Cambridge University B.C. by ten yards. Tandem riding is increasing in favor ©very day, and even ladies axe taking to it. Last Sunday I counted bo less than twenty tandems in'Bayswater rcad, between the Marble Arch and Netting Hill Gate, ' , The One Mile Bicycle Championship was competed for at Jarrow-on-Tyne, on Saturday, under the aus pices of the National C.U., and was won by P. Fnr nivaiL'of the Berretta Cy. C, in 2min 46seo. English, of North Shields, the Champion of 1885, was unable1 fe compete, owing to ill health. 