BRAJVXHOLIHE. (fbom oub own cobbespondent.) Sept. 13. On £ndsy evening last, the Branxholme Amateur Minstrels gave their second entertain ment, and achieved another brilliant success— an appreciative audience, a bumper house, and plenty of money. The proceeds were some- thing like £19, so that there was not much room to spare in the halL The entertainment was held under the patronage of Mr. Wm. Shiela, hLP. The stage was beautifully de corated with foliage and flowers by the Min strels1 floral artist Mr. S. Taylor. Mr. P. J. Smith, as usual, worked hard to make the affair a success, not only at the concert, but weeks before, and the favorable result is in a great measure owing to his exertions. A novelty in the shape of a drop eceue was introduced, and was a great improvement, and certainly re flected great credit on our local artist, Mr. W. M. Dobbie. Shortly after eight o'clock tbe curtain rose, and revealed a circle of eleven niggers, with Mr. E. Gough as interlocutor, and Messrs. W. Flowers, and J. Coutts as bones, aud Messrs. B. B. Johnson and F. D. Lott a tambos, with Mr. 9. -Smith, pianist, Before proceeding any further, I may state that it is useless to parti cularise, as every number was loudly applauded encored, which was in every case complied with. I may also state that the jokes were re markably good and took immensely with tbe audience, who were not slow to detect where the fun came in. In this part of the business, Mr. B. B. Johnson was in hi usual happy vein, and succeeded in showing that the prat was not far out when he wrote s — A little nonsense now and then Is relished by the wisest men. As a finale, tbe great ghost of the Western Dis trict was seemed, regardless of ex pense, and duly made his appearance on the stage, and after considerably amusing the house, I am Berry to say, made his escape without a scratch, notwithstanding the threats indulged in as to what would be done to his ghostship, should he make his appearance. After an interval of ten minutes, the fun again commenced, by Mr. F. D. Lott giving the song and dance, "Sushine, which was loudly ap plauded, and followed by Mr. P. J. Smith giving his stump speech on " Local matters, " in which he was very successful, receiving quite en ovation for his eloquence. The next item, a clog dance (in costume), by Mr. F. D. Lott, was much appreciated, and it weuld be hard to say which was admired most, the dance or the costume, both wars perfect. The next Item on the pro gramme was what was termed a " side- splitting farce," and judging by the applause with whion it was greeted, proved to be most appropriately named— entitled "The Lawyer1 Clerk." The character were— Mr. Copp (B. B. Johnson), a dusky legal luminary of no mean degree, judg ing by the conspicuous "stacs" which he wore ; and Lady Lighthead (C. Foster), a charming young widow, though perhaps a trifle dark ; Mrs. Crabby (F. Gough), a venerable old lady on whose brow, age seemed to sit very lightly ; aod " Tommy " (M. Simons), Mr. Ctabby'a son, who succeeded in obtaining a situation as lawyer's clerk in Mr. Copp's office, and proved to be a "veritable young nut," playing his part to perfection, as did ell others taking part in the piece. The en tertainment was closed by the company ringing a few lines of the National Anthem, io which the audience joined heartily. After the Beat had been cleared out end the hill swept, dancing was commenced, and continued with great zest until the " wee sma1 hours." Foremost amongst the dancers was our popular ILL. A., who showed" that he could " trip the light fan tastic" as well as debate a print or chaff a Premier. The ladies agreed that he fa a "jolly good fellow," and 1 am sure that if ever they get the franchise, that Mr. Shiris will get all the ladle1 votes in Branxholme. Mr. Dennant, the District Inspector of State school paid ' Ids usual yearly visit, without notice, io the Branxholme school last week, aud left'the following report ; — Visited the sbhboL and found 80 children present ; work proceeded in the usual careful and regular manner. The new programme is followed. The records are tip to date, and good discipline is maintained. / It baa been decided to present the first twenty of the Geelong Football Club with eourehira. Over £50 jraa subscribed for this obj ect at the preliminary meeting. 