? SOWING IN UN PROMISING SOIL. Samaritans looked very unlikely to repay Christ's labour. Their religion was strange mixture of idolatry, superstition, and Jewish teaching. Race hatred strong on either side. Add to this, the woman who i3 now an evangelist was of known bad life. The Gospel does not ask for favour; is not dependent upon religious privileges for its success. The nearer the church, the further sometimes from God ; and, on the other hand, the further from religious advantages, sometimes the nearer to salvation. Circumstances need not keep from the Saviour; our surroundings need not make us conform to them. An Abraham among idolators, a Joseph in Egypt, a Daniel in Babylon, a Zaccbteus among extortionate publicans, saints in Csesar's household, prove that we may bo " in the world and yet not of it." Where tho grace of Jesus comes, it can transform darkness into light, sin into purity, shame into honour. Vines grow on sides of volcanoes, and hang wi'.h ripe heavy clusters, rooted only in lava once poured forth. The Holy Ghost can turn any heart into a " garden of the Lord." The sowing is ours, the result and issue His. No excuse for us to eay. " I have no religions advantages ; no help at home nor encouragement among friends." Your conditions cannot be more unfavourable than were those of the Samaritans. SOWING UNDER TRIAL. Disciples' disdainful surprise (ver. 27). It was the "niatvtUin^" of ill-concealed contempt. Woman had hitherto been regarded as the drudge and inferior of man, and that their Master should eagerly converse with her, shocked their prejudices. A Samaritan, too! This was indeed astonishing. True labourers are not turned aside by these things ; to be misunderstood is painful, but must not deter. The right must be done, though all the world should hiss or laugh to scorn. Disciples' lack of sympathy (vers. 31-34/ The contrast between Master and servants most vivid here. They think only of bodily hunger; He of soul satisfaction. They of physical refreshment; He of spiritual feasting. Their unspirituality constant fretting of His soul, yet He never for a moment wavered, but went straightforward as an arrow from the bow of God. The sense of Divine approval was more to Him than human sympathy. To be able to stand alone if need be, is a proof of true heroism; to endure disappointment from friends in doing our work, is a sure sign that we " wait only upoa God." Have we dared this'( Disciples delay of service (per. 35).—There is a tone of gentle 1 reproof here. The winding track of Samaritan villagers coming through the path in the harvest field, was to Christ's eye another and more solemn harvest, which if unreaped would entail eternal loss. His words reveal His intense zeal, which all tlioir indifference could not abate. Others' indolence will not excuse us, but should spur to greater effort. The fewer the labourers, the harder they must work, or the crop will be lost. This kindled instead of quenched the Saviour's enthusiasm. REAPING QUICKLY FOLLOWING SOWING. Only a few hours saw the Samaritan woman turned from an unbeliever into an apostle ; a crowd which either had not heard of or cared nothing for Christ, changed into adoring disciples (ver. 40); and in two days a great multitude numbered among His followers from this unpromising Samaria. With Deity there is no limit to time ; and whilst a thousand years msy be as one day, the reverse is also true. No reason why now all hearts should not yield to Jeans' charm. Whilst patiencB should wait His will as to when His kingdom shall come, faith should expect it soon. He who turned water into wine in a moment, can quicken all processes and make the end follow quickly upon the beginning. Do we believe this ? Or do we say with Augustine, " Lord, save me, but not now?" REAPING ABUNDANTLY AFTER SOWING. Ver. 41 Beems to hint at a large, very large, increase. The one seed at the well-side has borne fruit, in tho concourse which meets Jesus ; and these again are lost in the vast number who in the city hear and believe on Him, All life means growth, and spiritual life should mean growth abundantly. One seed in a harvest or two may cover a continent ; one soul may mean a myriad to Christ. A Saul, a Whitfield, a Carey, a Wesley, a Spurgeon, a Moody, mean more than one, do they not ? If Jesus saves us, it may mean the turning of many to righteousness. Shall we not give ourselves to Him ? Every soul is a river, along whose banks either fair flowers of beauty, fields of waving corn and trees of spreading freshness grow because of its life-giving purity, or flowers droop and crops wither and die, and trees languish because of its pollution. Which is our soul 1 And of what kind are thoBe within the circle of our influence ? No man liveth unto himself. We are either lepers, who contaminate; or Peters, whose very shadow heals. 