The Free Methodists. The oooaaion ol welcoming tha Bov. W. Hamilton, the assistant pistor to the Rev. W. Osborna ] lilloy , was oolebrnted in the Protestant Hnfton Friday nifht, by the chnraoterifitiually Method!;! institution, a ' lea - mooting.' 3?L21r -10U persons eat down to toa, ai^d tho pro ?WCda, wluou ro to tl:o cnuroh lunds, wore onn aEerabl', -v tho various 'ablc3 wero provided Jij !ho liJy frionda of tho congregation. | Iho udiiihI meeting was held in tho samo . liaU immnrttotoly af tor tho ttb!'-* had boon r?- ; aa&vuu; Mid ul 7.30 tho mcatinK was ojior.c:i ' irilh prayer by itov. 1-. I'1, Mitchell. Johu : M'Mimcr, Kaq., M.L.A. in tho chair. O:i tLo j rfatform, -which was tastefully iat out with ; Sowers, ?koto the Epv*, Osbonie T.illey, W. ! Hamilton, I). F. liiiuhell, Colin M'OulIoch, | Uoaro, Whalo, nii'.l Pepper. Tha finiuiuiitl ? report wits road by the secretary, and whs o£ ? tlio aoat satinfuotury ohuviu.lur, hbowiug tbut I tho uruumry income of tho congregation tor tha I year was' £318, w'u!e ihe oxpmees wero ! dSHl -is. lid, tho Viilaaco boing tranofemd to the fund from wliiib the fiicter'u salary is; paid. In additions to the amouul ol tiio , ordinary income, £CO0 had been ruined towards Hie buii.liug Inn;'., to pay tho £1,000 ? CSpenai'ii in eniarginsr rtio obuioh iu Arm I jBtrtot, besides £70 pi id oft ihe original debt, j She conjjrpgation now numbers 160 members. I & pieoe of land hua been promised tho bady at , JBreakfuat Greek ; while a pioce of land has ] Been received from Mr. and Mrs. Koadcs, at ; 3Julimbu, and it is iuteuuod to build a ohuroh , At each of those piacto. i Tho CmiBMiM in moving the adoption of j Ilia icport, remarked on the wouderlul vitality | ijxii iigur^j in «.lic- report evidenced and the , amount of work Vuirli had been dono durit-g; | Ike year. Ho said what was rtmsrkablo about i Hifi MeihwILjto as a '.-Lurch Ms iheir method j vi 'getting into debt. Is'o sooner had they j Inilt on-.: uhureh ami got the debt well und«r way to bj paid off than they built new churches, tmd tliua llioy had ever iopt going on, and TO-u)d keep doing so. Tha finances of the body wrsir. « most satisfactory condition ; far butter, £a Lwt, i^ those u£ thu Colonial Treasurer «x New South Wai- s, or perhaps even better ihnn rnr om Colonial 'JVaasnr%r's. Looking over '\e list of ppaakeru he found the fpeeoh of the evening— Mr. Lilloy's on the financial prospects of tho tody — most iceonvei kntly placed, as it came- to iato that pro jb»bly u good many of those present would Save gono without their Ixiug afforded ±ke opportunity of nesting ihe finances by in«ir goodwill offerings, -when the inovitsbl'e colleotiou wan made, aaa addressing Mr. Osborae LiUey, ha s:dd ''Mike a good eolleo iJon speech, and make it soon if you want a good cuiici'tioa.' Tho R»v. T. 3. Vxvphs gavo a short addiess «? the 'Desecration of the Sabbath.' The JStabfcath, ho said, traa aa institution as old as man niiaself . Wkt-u GvJ had fi&ishsd; Hid ?work of crostion, Kc rested on tho Sabbath 3ay, and hallowed it. It waa equally ntcodaary sa m phjaiaal and moral roat. He did not te Jiave tliHfc it was ever intindted that the Sabbath abonld he oconpied in « continual r.-iund of 'WOtuhipT It was a day of zest. All unnecessary WD£k -,T;ij a d&socration; of rho ciabbath ; and ?what wns ohicny arainsr, the perfectly 1 awful ro- creatioi:c of that day of rest were themoralobli jjation c' one to anotbar. To open the museum -and othsr kiudred lnaututions on the Sabbath *»as perfectly right in itself, but the moral ob Egation I?oIbid^ that %ve should hinder other ?man by theii uttendanco there from enjoying . . t&at; d.iy ot rest and recrention for our eakea. 3Dio same might ba said of Sunday truths »nd fltanday trains, in affordiuy perfectly legitimate xesreatiuu und cujuyuitiiil iu the alutpu of trips to tie seaside Rnd ?ueh like, they robbed those woriinK and in atteudnnoe upon them from the same otarn&l; privileges of having their day of *8Bt 'with tho «xcnr»ionv?ts. The Bev. Mr. Whalh then gave an aJdre33 on'0arioatarut8ai:d Caricatures.' Carica tnrfata old moi vrhu eo overdraw or ovordu sabject3 so S3 to render them ridiouloud, and 'vn iiaJ innay eirtmp'ij.^ of the c.i:ijaiuci=t und ills work in the lit«rn.ry and other branches of life in BriflbanB. H'i»-.»rtb., CraicTshnnks (in art), and Uickeas (in literature) W3re the greater examples of tho caricaturist. The effieot Wa3 [.omstimeH £uod uud toinatimes bud. It ocirectod 'vil» by dir^tinw public attention to 4&£ fi^^iiiu iitipcoLj cf i-iio iii^llvrd tikal^d. Tlha IiOadua .Tin. i,,'. had doua more, perhaps, to ?orrect jlm follies and exrravAgiinrieg of sooiul lifa than any other tastitation or airency. It MlMd v».-yoitea elivwii the gr-,«neis in politics 3QkJ diplomacy, and thua influenced them by jgriag tho general drift of pnbUo thought. ^ferhsra the oldest example of caricature extant ia JoUium's ir.blu, in which in represented the faaujbln off^riug that shelter and ihs.ii from tto btvc, wh'ch *ho spreading oak and other 3nn2}T2geo!ia trees could uot afford. Carioa ttuijt.5, liurfover, when tlioy dealt with et^rUhcd opinions on divijio subjeois were SbeHong tnd blr.pphereous. There was such a ono in Brisbane now — who represented Chrigtiiiui as riding to heaven on tho~btckof 3iesus CbrL-t, still there wiid great truth in it ; Jbul tLa Jkvtoh all the sam : ?.vas a maliciona wvTrsTv..^. U, Hutl JLy intbrrln;/ that Ohristian ministers teach such truths. Bat there ia also caricatures in words. Freethought is a enrica toxi ae profesaod by muny. Freethinker SBpfesant Chri-tiaus sa ic bondage of thought, and assume they hava no freedom of thought. Uiat alto is a maliciou3 caricature. Ohristidns barve freedom of thonrrht, and the meaning of Sicffithonght, a; cftes iued, means na thought at all. Hence, too, has it come that liberty baa fcesn i-ught m if it cocaijted of libeitinism and vice. The speaker oontiausd: I majn tam that T am as free in kneeling flown and purging cut my soul before God as Bradlaugh 'is in blaspheming that ffirnsobMng: as fre» ia reading mj Bible as tk freethinker reading the secularist's. Free ftinltrrj are a3 much boutd by the ex cathedra nttdrances of their leaders as Ghriutians are by toe feacbiDgs of their luiiiioters. A cruuifti is a caricature, because it renders abiurd and xnatfirial the most eaered reality of spiritual life. 'Iho confessional is a caricature because it represents to possess a power winch Mongs to God alone. A priest is £ha caricature o' a nJuuter . and in saying; -^i- 1 do not refer bo ranch to Roman Catholic priustd oa to Frotebtant priests, who, ?with their forms and mummeries, caricature 2&e; dfvino office and sr.cicd duties of a minister & Ghost's ohnrch. Christian life and prc SBSsion are very often oaricatures of that pure life and character of Christ. Lot us have done with these sorb) of caricatures, bo that wo may truly represent the pure lifo by really living Qfizlstian lives and by becoming Ohristlike. 3Mr. TiTjalo was listened to with marked atten tion. Eot. Osbohsb Lillt:t, addressing the meet ' Trig, said : While this meeting was not got up far ihe purpose of ruining money, I will be sjadto gat all the money I caa. I should like, Sowever, to correct tho impression given by the ehairman'e speeoh that we had a surplus in our treasury. Wo are still £950 in debt on the cBuroIiia Ann Btreot, be.-.id'?R the £1,000 re cently incurred in enlarging it. Of the *»**«y amount we have raised £600. When aU improvements ave made we will bs altogether about £1,400 in debt, and I iopg cy next yer.r to C6d the church a^ain enlarged. In Erubauo there seems to bo great jSppveoibtion of cur i-otly araongbt outsider!. 2Jut though the meeting u for a different pur pens, il you have any stray £5 I shall be giad to havo them, and shall bo glad to xeoeire any asyatance in the thapo of conrob, vwtry, or uchool furniture. And hero I would £ay is a raro chascj for a ulockmaker irio wautd a good lulvcrtiseraont Let him ? eesd cicEg a clock for the charuh. He will b 3 diaigcd nothuig fcr hiving it hun - up in tho «?%.!. HE. Tho old dock gctu light enough, but a nerr greed ona in wanted. I hope some enterptirin-j; clcckmakcr will tako tho biat. Beligiorn f Kpl'i tre tho best in tho world to jjmuto-3 ; and tho olock, if a good ono, will b» a tiao-tacping advertioemont. TboEeT. Qozra H'Cxtllocb, riidng, Eaid: TEKe saij.-^c: en which I am eskod to apeak ia 'jSow to pet new arrivals into Christian SsSarrsnipcnd tho Chnxch.' The Government ?wirsgrsallj to Hine for this stata of things tE&O1;'? Beorj^h; p-v;ple frr-tn home, end made no jjBBvfutcn for them when they arrived. Ths sSgsn arrl-raj ^:!h ^iOT^ranti in greater nnm ?iffS ffin' tcMca 7i\a ?SuZf. iov tsinin to £o. Tha 2OC srriv-i'j were miwixaoly treated in the &BSt; *-.r * v»efc tien ftsy wsrs left to thsm os£mti la. ju.^ c_- -»ini. it^yj- Tiro aickeaed ?J2Z& ?twu-.-d yhaa ImYu:^ to gat employment. thtgtl -ware * max mtny nremploysd In Bria '&mar;,tr. ~7Ta.j da a(A ti.J Goverrjneat ttart timr^i-i /?-'', -'-p' ?-?'?! wwaa (Atone tort, ao that daw arrivals nnsrtooessfnl in obtain* ing employment at their own trade oan find some work to do until suitable employ ment can bo gotf That would greatly assist ? greatly assist in the work of introduoing , now urrivaU into Clirintian fellowship. I i would suggest to Mr. Lilley that his ohuroh I p.rA congregation initiate tho system which was I no suono.isfiil in Maryborough, of meeting tho i twits on Kirivni, inviting tho immigrants to a broalifast o: toa, and by that uioans show thorn that they aro wolcomo to this great and rioh l»nd of onw. Kr. Mui.rosb, as beisg tho oldest Froo Methodist iu BrUbaue, in a simple and suitable speech, welcomed tho Rev. W. Hamilton to Brisbane und to tho charge of the Kangaroo Point Ohuroh. Hi. Coixisb gavo a short sketch, of tho pro gress of the Kangaroo Pciut congregation, who puL-pOBO building a naw ohuroh that will cot,t £1,000. Eev. W. Hamilton responded, remarking that in Victoria, Brisbane and its olimate were tpol.cn of ak a boiiing-down oatebliehmcnt. Thu rev. gentleman inculcated unity amongst Ika Qhxhiiua uhu:chos. The Bev. Mr. Moons spoke on tho trinity of p.vil which he said was rampant amongst us in Brisbane -namely, intemperance, infidelity, and impurity. Ihe Bev. Osboonu Lillet said it was too late for hini to give the address he had in tended delivering, but as he saw representa tives of the Prc-Bs present, he desired, through him, to give thanks to all, and that meant that every person in tho colony wouldreooive thanks. The Ann street ohuroh had had many difficul ties to contend with, but it had also had many BuccoKoa to celebrate. After thank* to the thurman had been given and s-uitable response made by that gentleman, the doxology was sung, and the meeting dis persed. During the evening the choir supplied musiti. 