ETTIE'S WAGER Br Fbank Lynx. Chapter I. Continued from last Issue. " Why so grave. Eltic ?" asked Mrs. Dacre. laying an affectionate hand upon the girl's shoulder. " Do I look grave ?" inquired Ettie, smiling quietly. '•Yes, very. What is the matterP" Mrs. D:icre spoke anxiously, for aixong all her girl friends Ettie was the favorite. " Only I have let my spirit of bravado carry me away again, Auntie." Though there was no relationship the girl always called her friend by this name. " How ?" " I bet May Daw on. I would walk to the .old fir plantation and stay there hatf ah hour at twelve to-night." " To-uight! and it premises to be so stormy, perhaps snowy." ' " I do not care for that, I know a sheltered nook among the trees, where neither wind nor snow can harm me. But. what I do not like is this daring too much and being carried away by my naughty temper. How I wish my nature could change and grow quieter." " Then do not go to night." " They would say I was cowardly. Jfo, no, Auntie, l am not afraid of the plantation or a hundred ghosts. Still I imagiue tlie girls are going to play a practical joke upon me, aud I have such a hatred of anything of the kiud. But I have an idea," she added, as she opened her bed-room door, " That will prevent their coming witlun the bounds of the plantation to-night." " Don't do anything rash, Ettie." " 2Jever fear Auntie, my trick will nothurt anvouc," with a smile the girl closed tlie door after her and Mrs. Dacre walked on to her own room. Ettie dressed quickly and then dismissing her maid took a buncli of keys from her desk and opened a large travelling trunk. Turning over its contents she came at last to a small case, which she at once took up, and unlocking and opening it, displayed a pair of revolvers to view. They were perfect little gems in their way, and beautifully ornamented with silver chasings. " That will do for my trick," she said, taking up one of the tiny weapons to see if all was right. " No one need know that I absolutely cannot do anything with them beyond loading, and hare never fired a shot in my life, I wonder what possessed Albert to give me such a present ? " I shall take them down when I start for my moonlight trip, or midnight would be better, as not a scrap of moonlight will be able to peirce this veiling of clouds. I think the accidental sight of a revolver will be enough to prevent the girls attempting any of those horrible practical jokes they are so . fond of. With a smile Ettie examined her weapons, and seeing that they were in perfect order returned them to their case, and again placing them safely under lock and key, descended to the drawing room. Reaching it to her great aunoyance she found that her bet was in full discussion. " Do you really intend goins to night ?" asked a rather silly young fellow, as he seated himself beside her on the sociable; " Of course I do, " Ettie answered impatiently. " I should not have made the bet if I did not intend keeping my word." " Ko, of course not, but I had no idea you were so strong-minded. I thought all women were afraid of ghosts and generally nervous." "Iam not the least bit nervous, nor do I believe in ghosts, so I cannot be afraid of anything that. I have no belief ? in." " No, of course not." This was Mr. Roberts' standard phrase With which he replied to a hundred different senten-. es, however widely apart in sense and meaning. Ettie looked bored, and was most thoroughly rejoiced when he betook himself off to inflict his ' of course not' on some other young lady. His place was taken by a tall dark man with a stern, grave, though handsome face. " Is this true Miss Argent ?" he asked. "What is true Colonel George ?"' answered Ettie, for a moment puzzled over what he mcaut. " This wager." " Quite, though I am vexed at the girls making it so public, it is such a silly thing." " You own that it is silly then, why not back out of it P" " Colonel George," said Kt-tie, looking at him in surprise. " You a soldier and ask me that ? I may be silly to go, but it would be cowardly to draw back now." " For a man, yes, not for a woman, I did not know you ever, .did such a thing as bet." The tone was half reproachful. He admired gentle women and yet was enslaved by this handsome girl who seemed to him to have no gentleness about her. " I do not as a general rule, but I could not very well escape this, I laughed at one of the girls for being silly this afternoon, and she retaliated by daring me to prove my words. I have nothing else to do but keep to the bet." " Bnt to-night, it is snowing lightly already, and everyone is prophesying a dreadful storm. . Surely that will be sufficient cause to give it up P " If the proposal to give it up comes from the other girl, I will do so, but cannot suggest it myself. " But your health may suffer?" " Doubtless," was the answer " if it is such a night as you say it will be, anyone would feel it more or less. Still all the same I have no option." Here the announcement of dinner pn*; an end to the discussion to Ettic's relief. Ettie was escorted in by an elderly man, who did not trouble about anything but his meal, and so she had plenty of opportunity for watching her opposite ncignbors, Colonel George and May Dawson. May seemed delighted and chattered gaily. Perhaps Ettie's face would not have worn its calm serene look if she could have over heard the conversation. To be continued. 