BEHIND A MASK: A ROMANCE OP REAL LIFE. Chapter VIE — Contintied. 'Ifcnow sojittle about the stage, eaid Was O/NeiU ; ' bat we all know about the dark side and the criminal Bids of London, Dickens has shown us both.' '? Hainan nature is always interesting, Miss O'Neill, wherever one may find it/ * Ah, that's thrue for yon/ said Sybil's father ; ' and I shouldn't wonder if Miss Ella could demonstrate it in a story. We have heard that she dops tell stories.' * She — she does,' said Dick. * Yes, yes/ said the other children. 'Tell ns 'Jack and the Bears/' whispered the youngest. ' No/ objected the next in age and im portance; 'tell about 'The Elephant and the Honey.'' * That's all stuff/ rejoined Dick. * ' The Ruined Cottage' is a good story, and Ella says it like a book/ ' Then let us hare it, Ella/ said Mr, Clay ton, ' and like a book !' After some unavailing protests, Ella nar rated the story of ' The Ruined Cottage' in these words : — * In the village of Marshwood, situated on the north-east coast of England, are to be found the remains of a picturesque little, cottage. The roof has long since fallen before the silent attacks of time, and made way for the aspiring foliage which creeps up through the desolate rooms. The paueless windows are filled with leafy parasites, through which the evening wiad murmnrs with ^Boliau sweetness. The chimney looks like a mourning plume, set up in token of Badness; masses of ivy overhanging the crumbling stack in clustering clumps of whispering leaves. In summer the old flue is occupied by a tribe of martins, and in winter an owl takes up his quarters there. and makes-strange sounds at midnight. 'The villagers, however, give another version of toe nightly occupancy of the cottage. They say the house is haunted; and have, indeed, long since settled any doubts upon the matter by ocular demon stration. They have 6een the ghost, and the oldest inhabitant knew the former occupier of the cottage so well that no doubt remains as to whose ghost it is that wanders about the cottage ruin. ' The spirit assumes the shape of a weep ing woman^and (if we believe the villagers and not their worthy pastor) has been seen, at one time or another, by nearly every member of the rural fraternity of Marsh wood. And no wonder that the villagers should have conjured up the ghostly image of the former occupier of the cottage. The site of the old house, the story of its ruin, the music of 'the great waters,' the romantic character of the surrounding country — all tend to favor those longings after the mysterious which exist in ©very bosom. ' Gn an autumnal evening, when the moon is just spreading a 6ilvery mist over the hazy landscape, and tanging the rolling waves of the distant eea; when Old Ocean softens his voice down to a whisper, and scarcely taoves the pebbles on the beach ; when the village is hushed, and the last glimmering light has disappeared from the cottage window; when the ivy leaves rustle about the ruined house, and the tall trees throw black shadows over the footpath ; when the crumbling walla of the once happy cot receive the softened light of the moonbeams, and that mysterious sensation of awe and admiration which is created on contemplating solemn scenes like these steals through the soul— at such a time, who could not com plete the mournfully fascinating picture by introducing a fairy-like form, weeping over imao-fls of firanln.t.inn ? * Mabel Hegeston, whose spirit, the vil lagers say, haunts the ruined cottage, was the adopted daughter of a Marshwood fisherman, who rescued her from the wreck of a French schooner when she was an infant. Of her parentage, or the country to which she belonged, nothing was ever ascertained. The child grew up. as a daughter of the fisherman, adopted his name, and was chriBtened Mabel, after his own wife. 'As she advanced toward womanhood, Mabel became the pet of the village. The boys were all her companions, ready to second her in any undertaking. The girls, notwithstanding that she outrivalled them all in personal charms, were her sworn friends. The men loved her with the affection of fathers, and the women extended to her an undivided maternal watchfulness. In fact, although Hegeston the fisherman and HegeBton's wife asserted a prior claim upon her affections, Mabel was the daughter of the village; -and well did she fulfil her duties to her extensive parentage. She nursed the sick, comforted the distressed, and went about a very angel of peace and mercy. She was not what would be con sidered absolutely beautiful ; but there was an unconscious expression of benevolence in her fair face, a, depth of Jove in Jier large blue eyes, a grace in all her movements, that left in the memory of all who once beheld her an image ni purity end goodness. 'Amongst the boys in the village, Mabel's constant attendant was George, the black smith's son, who had as honest a face as ever caught the glowing radiance of welded iron, and as good a heart as ever melted in the sunshine of the softening influence of woman. ' George and Mabel growing up together almost under the same roof, their sentiments and feelings became nearly akin ; and love,* in the progress of time engendered by sympathy, united their hearts M firmly as the glowing metal which George forged every day on the ringing anvil. ' To be brief, one fine May morning the rural rites of a village wedding mingled with the joyous observances of May Day* and the bells of Marshwood church carried far ont to sea the tidings that George and Mabel were married. 'Mabel's cottage was the neatest and the prettiest in the village, and there cpnld not be a more agreeable eight than, on a summer evening, to see George, fresh from his daily toil, smoking his long clay pipe, and watch ing Ins wife moving amongst her beautiful shrubs' and flowers — the Eve of a little Patadiw. * Time flew swiftly by with the young couple, and soon brought a early-headed youngster to clintb up George*s-sturdy knees — a fre*iLiuikm the love-chain of the lovers ~-4&e;, crowning co&snmmatjon; df'tbeir domestie trfisst On 1 from whai % riawling, height of jov they had to fall! 'Trety the futnrejii veiled from 90 In mercy. : . 'Ti^rea^ had passed away— ioor-und-1 strange vessel hove in sight off Marghwood. Although she had every appearance of an English man-of-war, the fishermen could not make her out. 'In the darkness she made signals. of dis tress;, and, with the bravest in the village, George put out to pea. ' ' Shortly, their cheering shouts, in reply to the prayers which went up from the shore, died away, and nothing was heard on shore but the solemn, booming of the minute* gun, like a knell for departing «jouls. Then the' cannon ceased to mingle its dreadful notes with the moaning of the sea, and the light which had glimmered from the bow of the little 'Marshwood -boat disappeared in the darkness. But the watchers watched and listened until long after nought was seen but the black heaving sea, and nought wps heard but its dull heavy beating on the shore. ?Daylight came, but it brought back neither boat nor crew to the longing vil* lagers. Daylight came, but it disclosed to the anxious gaze of wives., mothers, fathers, and brothers, neither ship, nor vestige of ship, nor boat. ' Months passed away, and winter came with its snows and misty vapors. The winds whistled around Mabel's cottage, and roared amongst the trees which swing to and fro in the storms like creaking skeletons. Poor Mabel wandered about the desolate place, carrying her, boy and her load of sorrow un tjl she was fain to rest her. weary head at night and dream of phantom ships, whence there was no escape for her faithful George, The villagers tried to console the unhappy woman, but she would not be comforted. ' Wait,' they said,. ?' until spring, and there may be hope for George's safe return, when more ships come into the neighboring ports.' Wait 6he did, with peaceful resignation; but she grew weaker and weaker as despair took possession of the region of hope. The ruddy glow of health left her cheek, and her boy grew sickly and ilL Without the strong arm of George to repair the cottage and defy the searching storms, the once well- thatched roof gave way before the rain, and little streams of water made carious shapes on the white *ralJs of poor Mabel's chamber, where the livelong night burnt a simple beacon of hope to light the wanderer home, should he ever return from his long, long journey. Winter departed and spring came, as if to rescue nature from death and desolation. But George did not retnrn with the spring, and his boy died with nature's resurrec tion, and was buried when the first prim roses peeped forth beneath the shady hedgerow. ♦ Weeds grew up in Mabel's garden and choked the straggling flowers, and Mabel wandered amongst them, drooping her head like a lilly blasted by an untimely frost. At all hours Mabel was met oh the seashore, listening to the murmurings of the water and gazing into vacancy; or seen at her little chamber window, watching with eager gaze any distant sail which chanced to show its white wings against the blue norizon. At all hours she was moving about the scenes of her past happiness like a disconsolate Peri, searching for that which should restore her to lost delights. ?For two long years, during which time the neighbors contributed all their little luxuries of food and raiment to her support, Mabel continued her earthly wanderings. In the second year the poor woman's mind gave way' beneath its weight of woe, and the good people who had adopted her in her infancy, took up their abode in her untended cottage, to protect her in her second childhood. But poor unhappy Mabel did not long require their parental solicitude. One autumn even ing, when the sun was declining behind the tinted waves of the ocean, she sat at the window of the little chamber (where she and George, in happier days, had watched -the declining sun), 'looking away into the far-o2 idistance. ? A quiet serene smile played upon her features, and a glimmer of reason once Tnore lighted up hex beauti ful face. ?/..'?'; %?'? ', . ,-....; . ? ** At last ! — at last I' she said, motioning to the good, large-hearted woman who had adopted her. *' At last he comes to his for* lorn Mabel!' said the poor lunatic, lifting up her thin arms, and staggering from her seat. ?'Who said he would »ot return? My dear, dear George! JNow we shall be happy again! Dear, dear -George!' ?:? * The sun sunk behind the billows, Mabel's spirit fled as the punbeains departed, and her poor, worn-out body fell into the arms of the sobbing mother. {to be coBTnruEs.} A company If being ftx&^cl $b IXsxfopiowarlciip tU» motu plant. TMxA is to be o»d tm lpM edtoff purposes, the 4bn tor oot^aye. the leaf tat Mwer, sod tbofndi ftp eating. Xtolnitt iawjmir &*t it cfomipktm -H» pfew of wrtar forixSbW 9pd1»aat; abd aomemara ago, wlen As dzoturht pum ow $» ^ JfctoN» tkewwdi of «»?«? ware JMoaisiir phbfcs&ip; Has m advanced in XncUa mjrtoriailcr an tftmt^yaia^^^soaMjl 