For a Barmaid. Behind the bar, gaily Bedeck'd and gilt, daily My place is .amid the bright glasses; To serve liquors cheering To guests gay or sneering, The best of untiring lasses. Trim waisted and handy I draw wine and brandy--— In short, I'm a highly trained, barmaid j With face always smiling, And manners beguiling— . I know how good customers are made. Of course, I am pretty, And some think, me witty—/ A compliment does not affright me; But I wish those pale s&ppies; Who call theinselves " chappies " Would learn that their ways don't delight me. The vile little wretches Whose vulgar chaff fetches The blush to my cheek, how I fear 'em . How often I'm thinking, As they stand there drinking, If only their mothers could hear 'em 4 A man has been going the rounds of Tamworth, N.S.W., calling himself the Honorable Finch-Hatton, and borrowing money in various directions, especially among the leading business people. Even if he be Finch-Hatton, he had a cheek to style himself hon orable while carrying on so dishonorable a game. Finch was immediately run in for being drunk and disorderly, and got seven days. When he comes out he will find that everybody has juBt banked every pound in. the house ten minutes ago. Townsville experienced a stroke of ill luck the other day, through the death of an animal, or, to speak more correctly, a series of animals, which gave up the ghost shortly after being ushered into the world. Had the series but survived, Townsville would have been the home of probably one of the most interesting animal curios the world has dropped on yet; namely, a double calf in every respect but the matter of heads. Queer, wasn't it P A beast with double the usual quantity of bodies, legs, and tails, and only one head to keep the. lot straight. The brain power, however, was inadequate, so death intervened. If they only preserve all the curiosities that have been discovered in Townsville lately, they can fill their museum off-hand with specimens, when it is completed. Pat Downey keeps a pub. at Charters Towers, and waxed wrath over a paragraph in the Northern Miner in which mention was made of an alderman acting as bottle-holder at a Sunday fight. J. G-. O'Kane entered his house with a friend and was takihg certain repprtorial notes, when Pat touched him on the nose with His fist, saying,—" I will break your blessed (?) [I wonder whether that was the word] neck—the old man is not worth going for; if my name appears in that blessed (?) rag again, I will break your blessed (?) nose." Thereupon J. G. had him up before the Bench, and asked for sureties of the peace. Not from malice or ill-will, but simply for the preservation of his life—he must hive meant his nose. Pater, for the defence, sought to show that the threat was contingent and conditional on the name appearing in the rag, but the Bench held that any newspaper had a fight to mention Mr. Downey's name, possibly in connection with long sleevers. Pat was bound over in his own recogniz ance to keep the peace for twelve months. Could he have been the bottle-holding alderman. 