lito and f ketches. (KOW FIBljT 1'UBLISIIKU.] UNDER FALSE PRETENCES. A NOVEL, BY ADELINE SERGEANT, Author of "Jacobi's Wife," "Marlin Deve- rill Diamond," Ac, j CHAITKK IX.-ELIZABETH'S WOHIN«. PERCIVAL and his friends dined with the Herons that eveniug. Mr, Heron was an artist by profession ; he was a fair, abstracted looking man, with gold eye- glasses, which he was always sticking ineffectually upon the bridge of his nose and nervously feeling for when they tumbled down again. He had painted several good pictures in his time, and was in the habit of earning a fairly good income ; but owing to some want of manage- ment, either on his part or his wife's, his income never seemed quite large enough for the needs of the household. Tile servant's wages were usually in arrear ; the fittings of thc house were broken and never repaired ; there were wonderful gaps in the furniture and the china, which nobody ever appeared to think of filling up. Rupert remembered the ways of the house when he had boarded there, and was not surprised to find himself dining upon mutton half-burnt and half-raw, potatoes more like bullets ' than vegetables, and a partially cooked rice pudding, served upon the remains of at least three dinner services, accompanied by sour beer and very indifferent claret Percival did not even Sretend to eat ; he sat back in his chair and eclared with an sir of polite disgust, that he was not hungry. Rupert made up for his deficiencies, however ; he swallowed what was set before him and conversed with his hostess, who was quite unconscious that any think was amiss. Mrs. Heron had a vague tiste for metaphysics and political economy ; she had beautiful theories of education, which she was always intending, st some future time, to put into practice for the benefit of her three little boys, Harry, Willy, and Jack. She spoke of these theories, with her blue eyes fixed on vacancy and her fork poised gracefully iu thc air, while Vivian laboured distastefully through his dinner and Percival frowned in silence at the table- cloth. " I have always thought," Mrs. Heron was saying sweetly, " that children ought not to be too much controlled. Their development should be perfectly free. My children grow up like young plants, with plenty of sun and air ; they play as they lik« ; they work when they feel that they can work best ; and, if at times they arc a little noisy, at any rate their noise never developes into riot," Percival did not perhaps intend her to hear him, but, below Iiis breath, he burst into a sardonic little laugh and an aside to hie sister Kitty. " Never into riot ! I never heard them stop short of it !" Mrs. Heron looked at him uncertainly, and took pains to explain herself. " Op to a certain point, I was going to say, Percival, dear. At the proper age, I think that discipline, entire and perfect discipline, ought to begin." " And what I'B the proper sge ?" said Percival ironically. " For it seems to mc that the boys are now quite old enough to endure a little discipline. " Oh, at present," said Mrs. Heron, with undisturbed composure, " they arc in Eliza- beth's hands. I leave them entirely to her. I trust Elizabeth perfectly." 41 Is that the reason why Elizabeth docs not dine with us ?" said Percival, looking at his step-mother with an expression of deep hostility. But Mrs. Heron s placidity was of a kind which would not lie ruffled. " Elizabeth is so kind," she said. " She teaches them, and doeB everything for them ; but, of course they must go to school by-and byc. Dear papa will not let me teach them myself. He tells me to forget that ever I was a governess ; but indeed"-with a faint, pensive smile-" my instincts are too strang for me sometimes, and I long to have my pupils bock again. Do I not Kitty, darling ?" " I was not a pupil of yours very long, Isabel," said Kitty, who never brcught her- self to the point of calling Mrs. Heron by anything but her christian name. "Not long," sighed Mrs. Heron. "Too short a time for me." ¡ At this point Mr. Heron, who noticed very little of what was going on around him, turned to his son with a question about the politics of the day. Percival, with his nose in the air, hardly deigned at first to answer ; 4>ut upon Vivian s quietly propounding some strongly Conservative views, which always acted on the younger Heron as a red rag is supposed-to act upon a bull," he waxed impatient and then argumentative, until "at last he talked himself into ¡a good humour, and made everybody else good-humoured. When they returned to the untidy but ÎPeasant-looking drawing-room, they found lizabeth engaged in picking up thc children's toys, straightening the sheets of music on the ? piano, and otherwise making herself generally .useful. She had changed her dress, and put on a long plain gown of white cashmere, which suited her admirably, although it was at least three years old, undeniably tight for her across the shoulders, and short at the wrists, having shrunk by repeated washings vince the days when it first was made. Sile wore no trimmings and no ornaments, whereas Kitty, in her red frock, sported half a-dozen trumpery bracelets, a silver necklace, and a little bunch of autumn flowers ; and Mrs. Heron's pale blue draperies were adorned with dozens of yards of cheap cream-coloured lace. Vivian looked at Elizabeth and wondered, almost for the first time, why she differed so greatly from the Herons, He had often seen her before; but, being now particularly interested by what he had heard about her, ne observed her more than usual. Mrs. Heron sat down at the piano; she played well, and was rather fond of exhibiting her musical proficiency. Percival and Kitty 'Vere engaged in an animated, low- toned conversation. Rupert approached Elizabeth, who was arranging some sketches in a portfolio with the diligence of a housemaid. She was standing just within the studio, which wsB separated from the drawing-room by a velvet curtain now partially drawn aside. "Do you sketch?" are these your drawings ?" he asked her. " No, they are Uncle Alfred's. I cannot draw." " You are musical, I suppose, said Rupert, carelessly. He took it for granted that, if a girl did not draw, she must needs play the piano. But her next words undeceived him. " No, I can't play. I have no accomplish- ment*." .' What do you mean by accomplishments ? asked Vivian smiling. " I mean that I know nothing about French and Gennan, or music and drawing," said Elizabeth calmly. "I never had any systematic education. I should make rather a good housemaid, I believe, but my friends won't allow me to take a housemaid's situa- tion." " I should think not," ejaculated Vivian. " But it is all that I am fit for," she con- tinued quietly. " And I think it is rather a pity that I am not allowed to be happy in my own way." . There was a little silence. Vivian felt him- self scarcely equal to the occasion. Presently she said, with more quickness of speech than usual : " You have been in Scotland lately, have you not ?" " I was there a short time ago, bnt for two days only." " Ah, ves, you went to Netberglen ? " I diä. Tbe Luttrells are connections of yours, are they not, Miss Murray ?" " Very distant ones," said Elizabeth. " You know that Brian Luttrell has gone abroad ?" " I have heard so." There was very little to be got out of Miss Murray. Vivian was almost glad when Percival joined theo, and he was able to slip back to KKiy, wi'.h whom he had no diffi- culty ia currying on a conversation. The studio waa dimly lighted, and Percival, either hy accident or design, allowed fae curtain to fall entirely over the aperture between the two rooms. He looked round him. Mr. Heron wss absent, and they had the room to thembelves. Several unfinished canvasses were leaning against the walls ; the portrait of an exceedingly cadaverous-looking old man was conspicuous upon the artist's easel ; the lay figure was draped like a monk, and had a cowl drawn over its stiff wooden head. Percival shrugged his shoulders. " My father's Btudio isn't an attractive looking place," he said, with a growl of disgust in his voice. " Why did you come into it ?" said Eliza- beth. "I had a good reason," he answered, looking at her, » If she understood the meaning that he wished to convey, it certainly did noi embarrass or distress her in the least. She gave him a very friendly, but serious, kind of smile, and went on calmly with her work of sorting the papers and sketches that lay scattered aroona her. " Elizabeth," he said, " I am offended with yoj." "That happens so often," she replied, "that I am never greatly surprised nor greatly concerned at hearing it." "It is of little consequence to you, no doubt," said Percival, rather huffily ; " but I um--for ours-perfectly serious, Elizabeth. Why could you not come down to dinner to- night when Rupert and I were here ?" " I very seldom come down to dinner. I was with the children." " The children are not your business." " Indeed they are. Mrs. Heron has given them into my charge, and I am glad of it. Not that I care for all children," said Eliza- beth, with the cool impartiality that was wont to drive Percival to the very verge of distraction. " I dislike some children very much indeed, but, you see, I happen fortunately for myself-to be fond of Harry, Willie, and Jack." " Fortunately for yourself, do you say ? Fortunately for Ihrm ! You must be fond of them, indeed. You can have their society all day and every day ; and yet you could not spare a single hour to come and dine with us like a rational being. Vivian will think they make a nureery-maid of you, and I verily believe they do !" "What does it signify to us what Mr. Vivian thinks ? I don't mind being taken for a nursery-maid at all, if I am only doing my ?roper work. But I would have come down, 'ercival, indeed I would, if little Jack had not seemed so fretful and unwell. I am afraid something really is the matter with his back ; he complains so much of pains in it, and cannot sleep at night. I could not leave him while ho was crying and in pain, could I ?" "What did you do with him?" asked Percival, after a moment's pause. "I walked up and down the room. He went to sleep in my arms." "Of course you tired yourself out with that great heavy hoy !" " You don't know how light little Jack is ; Îou cannot have taken him in your anna for e. ongtime, Percival," said ehe, in a hurt tone ; " aud I am very strong. My handB ought to bc of eoine use to me, if my brain is not." " Your brain is strong enough, and your will is strong enough for anything, but your hands-" " Are they to be useless ?" " Yes, they arc to be useless," he said, "and somebody else must work for you." " That arrangement would not suit me. I like to work for myself," she answered, smiling. They were standing on opposite sides of a small table on which the portfolio of drawings rested. Percival was holding up one side of thc portfolio, and she was placing the sketches one by one upon each other. " Do you know what you look like?" said Percival, suddenly. There was a thrill of pleasurable excitement in bis tone, a glow of ardour in his dark eyes. " You look like a tall white lily to-night, with your white dress and your gleaming hair. The pure white of the petals and the golden heart of the lily have found their match." " I am recompensed for the trouble I took in changing my dress this evening," said Elizabeth, glancing down at it complacently. " I did not expect that it would bring me so poetic a compliment. Thank you, Percival." " ' Consider the lilies ; they toil not, neither do they spin,'" quoted Percival, recklessly. " Why should you toil and spin ? -a more beautiful lily than any oue of them. If Solomon in all his glory was not equal to those Judean lilies, then I may safely say that the Queeu of Sheba would be beaten out- right by our Queen Elizabeth, with her white dress and her golden locks !" " Mrs. Heron would say you were profane," said Elizabeth, tranquilly. "These com Çansons of yours don't please me exactly, ercival ; they always remind me of the flowery leaders in some of the evening papers, and make me remember that you are a journalist. They have a professional air." " A professional air !" repeated Percival In disgust. He let the lid of thc portfolio fall with a bang upon the table. Several of the sketches flew wildly over the floor, and Elizabeth turned to him with a reproachful look, but she had no time to protest, for in that moment lie had seized her hands and drawn her aside with him to a Bofa that stood on one side of the room. " You shall not answer mc in that way," he said, half.irritated, balf-auiused, and wholly determined to have his way. " You shall sit down there and listen to me in a serious spirit, If you can. No, don't shake your head and look at me so mockingly. It is time that we understood each other, and I don't mean another night to poss over our heads without some decision l>eing arrived at. Elizabeth, you must know that you have my happiness in your hands. I eau t live without you. I can't bear to see you making yourself : a slave to everybody, with no one to love you, no one to work for you and save you from j anxiety and care. Let tm work for you now, dearest; be my wife, and I will see that you have your proper place, and that you are tended and cared for aa a woman ought to j be." Elizabeth had withdrawn her hands from his; she even turned a little pale. He fancied that the tears stood in her eyes, " Oh," she said, " I wish you bad not said this to me. Percival." It was easy for him to slip down from his low seat to a footstool, and there, on one knee, to look full into her face, and let his handsome dark eyes plead for him. " Why should I not have said it ?" he breathed softly. " Has it not been the dream of my life for months?-I might almost say for years ? I luved you ever since you first came amongst, us, Elizabeth, years ago." "Did you indeed?" said Elizabeth. A light of humour showed itself through the tears that had come into her eyeB. An amused, reluctant smile curved the corners of her mouth. " What, when I was an awkward, clumsy, ignorant schoolgirl, as I remember your calling me one day after I had done something exceptionally stupid? And when you played practical jokes upon me hung my doll up by its hair, and made me believe that there was a ghost in the attics did you care fur me tilca ? Oh, no, Percival, you forget ! and probably you exaggerate the amount of j'our feeling us much as you do the length of time it lias lasted ?" " It's no laughiug matter, I assure you, Elizabeth," sahl Percival, laughing a little himself at these recollections, but looking vexed at the same time. " I am perfectly salions now, and very much in earnest ; and 1 can't believe that my stupid jokes when I was a mere boy have had such au affect upon your mind as to prevent you from caring for me now." "No," said Elizabeth. "They make no difference ; but-I'm very sorry. Percival-I really dou't think that it would do," "What would not do? what do yon mean ?" said Percival, frowning. "This arrangement ; thia-thia-proposi- tion of yours. Nobody would like it/' " Nobody contd object. I bara a perfect right to marry if I choose, and whom I choose. I am independent of my father. " " Von could not marry yet, Percival," she said, in rather a chiling tone. " I could-if you would not mind sharing my poverty with me. Ii you loved me, Eliza- beth, you would never mind." " I am afraid I do not love you-in that way,' said Elizabeth, meditatively. " No, it would never do. I never dreamt of such a thing." " Nobody expects you to have dreamt ot it," rejoined Percival, with a short laugh. " The dreaming can be left to me. The question ist rather whether you will think of it now-con- sider it a little, I mean. It seems to be a ne w idea to you-though I must say I wonder that you have not seen now much I loved you, Eliza- beth ! I am willing to wait until you bave §rown used to it. I cannot believe tbat you o not care for mc ! You would not be so cruel ; yon mml love me a little-just a very little, Elizabeth." "Well, I do," said Elizabeth, smiling at his vehemence. " I do love you-more than a little-as I love you all. You have been so good to me that 1 could not help caring for you -in spite of the doll and the ghost in the attic." Her smile grew gravely mischievous as she finished the sentence. "Oh, that is not what I want," cried Per- cival starting up from his lowly position at her feet. " That is not the kind of love that I am. asking for at all." " I ain afraid you will get no other," said Elizabeth, with a ring of sincerity in her voice that left no room for coquetry. "I am sorry, bot I cannot help it! Percival." " Your love is not given to anyone else ?" he demanded, fiercely. " You have no right to ask. But if it is a satisfaction to you, I can assure you that I have never cared for any one in that way. I do not know what it means," said Elizabeth, looking directly before ber. " I have never been able to understand." " Let mc make you understand," murmured Percival, his momentary anger melting before the complete candour of her eyes. " Let me teach you to love, Elizabeth." She was silent-irresolute, as it appeared to him. " You would learn very easily," said be. " Try-let me try." "I don't think I could be taught," she an ! swered slowly. " And really I am not sure ! that I care to learn." " That is simply because you do not know your own heart," said Percival, dogmatically. "Trust me, and wait a while. F will have no answer now, Elizabeth. I will ask you again." "And suppose my answer is the same ?" " It won't be the same," said Percival, in a masterful sort of way. " You will under- stand by-and-by." She did not see the fire in his eyes, nor the look of passionate yearning that crossed his face as he stood beside her, or Bbe would scarcely have been surprised when he bent down suddenly and pressed his lips to her fore- head. She started to her feet, colouring vividly and angrily. " How dare you, Percival !-" »he began. But she could not finish the sentence. Kitty called her from the other room. Kitty's face appeared ; and the curtain was drawn aside by an unseen hand with a great clatter of rings upon the pole. " Where have you been all this time!" said she. ''Isabel wants you, Lizzie. Percival, Mr. Vivian talks of going." Elizabeth vanished through the curtain. Percival had not even time to breathe into her ear the " Korgivo me " with which he meant to propitiate ber. He was not very penitent for his offence. He thought that he was sure of Elizabeth's pardon, because he thought him- self sure of Elizabeth's love. But, as a matter of fact, that stolen kiss did not at all advance his cause with Elizabeth Murray. He did not see her again that night-a fact which sent him back to bis lodging in an ill satisfied frame of mind. He and Vivian shared a eittiug-room between them ; and, on their return from Mr. Heron's, they disposed them- selves for their usual smoke and chat. But neither of them seemed inclined for conversa- tion. Rupert lay back in along lounging-chair ; Percival turned over the leaves of a new publication which had been sent to him for review, and uttered disparaging comments upon it from time to time. "I hope all critics are not so hypercritical as you are," said Vivian at last, when the volume had finally been tossed to the other end of the room with an exclamation of dis- gust. " Pah I why will people write such abomin- able stuft !" said Percival. " Reach me down that volume of Bacon's Essays behind you ; I must have something to take tho taste out of my mouth before I began to write." Vivian handed him the book, and watched him with some interest as he read. The frown died away from his forehead, and the mouth gradually assumed a gentler expression before he had turned the first page. In five minutes he was so much absorbed that he did not hear the question which Vivian addressed to him. " What position," said Rupert, deliberately, "does Miss Murray hold in your father's house !" "Eh ! what ? What position ?" Away went Percival's book to the floor ; he raised himself in his chair, and began to light his pipe, which had gone out. " What do you mean ?" he said. "Is shea ward of yonr father's? Is she a> relation of fours ?" " Yes, of course she ia," said Percival, rather resentfully. " She is a cousin. Let me see. Her father, Gorden Murray, Was my mother's brother. She ls my first cousin. And Cinder- ella in general to the household," be added, grimly. "Oh, Gorden Hurray tau her father? So I supposed. Then if poor Richard Luttrell had not died 1 suppose she would have been a sort of connection of my sister's. I remember Angela wondered whetherGordon Murray had lett any family." " Why !" "Why ! You know the degree of relation- ship and the terms of the will made by Mrs. Luttrell's father, don't you ?" " Not L" "Gordon Murray-this Miss Murray's father-was next heir after the two Luttrells, if they died childless. Of course, Brian is still living ; butif he died, Miss Murray would inherit, I understand." " There's not much chance," said Percival, lightly. " Not much," responded Vivian. They were interrupted by a knock at the door. The landlady, with many apologies, brought them a telegram which had been left at the house during their absence, and which she had forgotten to deliver;. It was addressed to Vivian, who tore it open, read it twice, and then passed it <m to Percival without a word. It was from Angela Vivian, and contained these words only " Brian Onttrrll is DieuV (Toit Con&nwd.;) 