The Wcirfl Itlvil of tJic South Atlantic Ait tho oraft bowls nlong in tho South' Atlantic a new world seems to open on tho* voyngcr. The constellation ot tho Southern Gross haa soarcoly beoomo, familiar to him beforo ho begins to seo ar.imnl, or rathe; bird, life altogether new to him One of thu greatest novelties of thia kind that can ovto ': impress itsell on the mind of man ia tils' l, albatross. Some morning tho lounger will ' rcaoh tho deck and, casting lus oyo in tllu 1 h wako of tho ship to judge her speed, will eeea spool: just abovo the horizon far astern. v Growing larger ana largor aBili approaches, '' it finally developes into a gigantic bird, aid .. ' tho oia sailor, conning the. helm, will Rruflly ' suggest ihjs fact that it is proper for the tyro . ? to wet hia first introduction to an nltmtrota. t There ia somothing inexpressibly weird abont I the bird -itaolf, aa well as in its mnnner ol flight, and it ia a matter of littlo wonder to \a those who have Been it that n brain each 1 V , Coleridge's should havo hit upon it for tL ^ text ol hia Lady ol tho Annent Manner U . Without a beat ol wing, without motion 0 rf the body, tho bird will, by long, easygoing ?? taoka, swoop up from astern until it gft' p- ^ within easy watohing distanpo from tho * . L t* it ohoosea to follow. It willthcn ' lay to' , A -it that reBpeotfiil aiotancq, nnd, aftor hi \ , thorough stook of tho atrangrr that has ' X vaded its domain, will, with no appa' *J. j. effort, swoop past the, ohip to port or b-; .t' board, aa tho obbb may bo, pass it by sc -™ '? oablo lengths, and thon, laying to on , 1- , opposito hana to ita advance, allow the 10 cli , i to pnss it, and will then once more ta!| -j v its post oa rear guard to tta prow t til '? Nothing can bo moro ghost-like than ( 13 \ action ol tho albatross in tb?s passing r being passed. No Btroko of tho wing ocour,|t) ' and all tho motion apparent, except that. c the almost uninteligible cleaving of the - is the half turn ot'tho bird's hesd toward t ship, made as~if to Bee what monner of boa. , thia was that had oome to bother it._ Thou. ' aailora aro ovor prono to superstition, tli Beem not to bo very particular ns to th eaoredneas of tho albatross, nnd will alway assist iri a capture, in spite of the oureo CoL I ; ' xidge associates with ita killing. ?) ; The lords and ladiea ol the Kiogol Dahomo; court don't wear stockings ; thereloro it won j j be useless lor Queen Viotoria to confer tbB| garter upon any of them. They would be to use it for a dog collar if sho.did. — A' , Herald. ' l« StateIiY old damo (honsekeeper), during - 111 oenoa ol tho family, Bhowing the bed Qi ill Elizabeth slept in. ? % * 'j Visison : Is it honafide ) ? i;l Dame llridlinq) : No, air ; HinRlish hoai l BaAicEBPEAnE remarks that ' the good mondo ia oft interred with their bones.' That may have been the rulo in Sbakcspearo's timo, but the rulo nowadays is to print it -in tbo no'- ' papers and oarvo it in big lottersj on tbc grave atono. — Puch. ? ? ' ??- MisTitEss (to applidont)— Yes, Iiwant a nica Frenoh maid. Tho last ouo I had lonly kept f a abort timo, because Bhocouldri't understand ui. English. Frenoh Maid— Ye'll havo no thrubblo r ol that kind wid mo, mum. Oi- not only under- JJ athand English, 'bub I apako it, too.— W'ifW-*\\. York Sun. ? , W Most women value a clear complex!011! lit attainable. Helen ol Troy is said to hJWpa' , bathed daily in wine and milk to preserve t\Ma ? purity ol her Bilky Bkin. Cleopatra ° ' ?*&* various medicated ointments and b*&yi;: '%jL^ cosmetics to enhance her charms. A, JL'sr'^1, witohing Catherine of Bussia pM'Wij .*.. waBhod in strawberry juico; \»,ui'° B'raDB° j ??' and grim tales are told about tlao preparation', of tho mystorious batha Niiii^n L'Bnclog it- . supposed to have indulged in. ?' Onr fair aex . aro loss luxurious in theso days, and to find that ladioa who valuo a transparent whito ; ? skin, ndelioato complexion, in .whioh tho ( tint ol tho roao ia softly blended with the . .? onowy hue of the lily, ai'o now boing adviaed by an eminont authority on tho art Of keep- ,' ing beautiful forever, to frequently apply tho ?: . end ol a raw potato to tho faco find neck by ...? gentle rubbing. . After rebbing, the face and ,. nook should bo waBhed, and gcntlo friction ia ; to follow. Ladies are Btronsly urged to ? always keep u raw potato on tho waahetana. j.it One groat advantngo^the potRto Fpania to posp.ess over many other akin beautiflera seems to bo ita oxoooding ohenpucao, as ono potato . oan bo used over' and over and over again, sinoo it is only neoesaary to removo a lilttool the outor surfnoo and to para off a thin Blico ? boloro applying tho freshly out awfaoo. A oooh story is told of a prominent ranmbet'. of Booiety who hua a habit ol tying a knot in v hor pookot handkorchiet when olio wiabM to . | fix anything in her mind whioh/niUBt bo at- jj tended to. Sho wna engaged in a despewto ,; £- flirtation on a certain occasion, and in her ,:f. -\ abatraction dropped her handk^chiel on tbo :j,' | floor. This was noticodby herihootooB, who .;'.;{: cndeavourr.'i to break up thoj flirtation by ; ,;| inviting her guest into another part of tho , ri houso A« tho lnttor roao f roni hor chair oka . 1 otoopod aud picked up' her }iaudkcro!nof, .1 notiaing, ns eho did so, tho knrfc tied in ono | oomor. 'What havo I forcotfan to-day? Bho (inked audibly. ' That you1 havo a htja band,' replied tho hoatoss. llio story waB j ropoatod, nnd tha lady, who iaa well-kuown ? j member of tho diplomatic oirol|, always kcepa . .. j| hor handkOKohiof frco bom knosa now, | 