SPHHTS ON TRIAL-TBE £2,000 CHALLENGE. TO THE EDITOR. Sir— In looking through my papers I have come across a copy of the challenge re Mr. Eglinton, as it originally appeared in the Pall Mall Gazette, and I will thank 70a to give it place in your issue ot to-day :— ' To the Editor of the Pall Mall Gazette. 'Sir— On my return from Russia I find society considerably exercised concerning the doings of Sir. W. Eglinton, the spirit medium, who some little time back exhibited his skill before His Royal Highness the late Duke of Albany, and more recently in the presence of Mr. Gladstone. Mr. Eg:linton ia one of the few mediums whom I have not had the pleasure of meeting, although for some years past I have in vain made repeated applications for permission to attend his Beances, As one who has devoted so much time and attention to the elucidation of the mysteries surrounding so-called spiritualism and occultism, I am naturally most anxious to witness the manifestations of one who appears to be so proficient in the mediumiatio art. I am most desirous of putting Mr. Eglinton's alleged supernatural powers to a decisive test. 1 would therefore propose that Mr. Eglinton produce, or cause to be pro duced, physical manifestations called spiritual in my presence and that of a chosen committee composed for my part of, say Mr. Henry Laboucheie, M.P., rrofessor 'E. Ray Lankester, who exposed i'Dr.' Slade, Dr. Crichton Browne, who is an authority on nervous and mental phenomena, Sir George Sitwell, Bart., who captured the 'spirit Marie,' and Mr. H. B. Lodge, who exposed the spirit medium 'Dr. Monck; Mr. Eglinton for hia part to select an equal number of representative spiritualists. The manifestations are to be produced under strict test conditions; such as will do away, with the possibility of human intervention. Should Mr. Eglinton succeed in getting the 'spirits' to .demon strate, it will then be my task to explain away such demonstrations by natural means to the satisfaction of the committee. Should I fail in this I am willing to forfeit the sum of £1,000, and Mr. Henry Labouchere, who ha8 not much faith in this spiritualistic quackery, is, I believe, willing to supplement this amount with another £MO0 for the plea sure of being converted. Thus the spirits might gain £2,000 for jest one genuine exhi bition of their power. 'In addition to his- slate-writing phe nomena, Mr. Eglinton, I understand, does wonderful things with ' Bpirit forms.' I have it on the authority of an eminent spiritualist that Mr. Eglinton has several highly respec table spirit 'controls.' One of them is called ' Joey,' and the other claims to be a iBedouin. Joey has an excellent appetite, and devours fruit and dematerializes liquids in the presence of true believers, while the Bedouin k so strong that he can with perfect ease whirl a heavy chair over his head with one hand. To shake hands with this ghost would appear to be quite an ordeal, for,, according to my authority, so tight is his grasp that the blood is made to ooze from the finger-nails of those whom, it may be his pleasure to take hold of. These 'controls' become visible in a very remarkable manner. As Mr. Eglinton stands or sits alone they are, I am assured, evolved from his side until they assume the physical proportions referred to. These forma, my spiritualistic informant adds, are very ma terial— very, I should aay. ' Now, it is just one of these ' controls'— these 'astral bodies,' or whatever they are called — that I wish to see, especially aa all my previous experiences in this direction have been most disappointing. Some years ago I had an interview with a spirit form in Bloomsbury, while the medium was in a supposed trance in an adjoining room. He said he was the shade of a brother I had never lost. I squirted him in the eye with liquid cochineal in order to test his reality. He disappeared with an imprecation on his lips, and on dragging the medium— the notorious Harry Bastian— from the chamber beyond into the light he was found to have traces of cochineal on his face, proving that he had been masquerading as the spirit. In America I fell foul of several spirits, who took their exposure most unkindly, letting fall in their vexation very unparliamentary language, and1 in some cases threatening to ' shoot at sight.' ' I am, Sir, your obedient servant, 'Stuart C. Cumberland, 'December 20, 1884.' : In Mr. Eglinton's answer, reprinted in to day's Register, you will see that he says, ' I absolutely decline to meet for the purpose of this investigation either Mr. Cumberland or any of the gentlemen whose names he has suggested.' Here is a distinct and un equivocal refusal to accept my challenge, which, 1 take it, every right-thinking person will look upon as both fair and practicable. ' 1 am, Sir, &c;, ! STUART C. CUMBERLAND. March 22, 1886. 