ECHOES OF MELBOURNE (By : The GnosoO j The feeling of surprise evoked by the sudden suicide of the Coalition Ministry has given way to a universal sentiment of ,deep disgust. Politicians of all shadus of opinion join in reprobating tho Govern ment, and the Press of the colony is unani mous in its verdict of condemnation of the which Victoria has, during the thirty yjears .of responsible government it has enjoyed, ever been cursed. Tho secret of ? the intended collapse of the Service-Berry Ministry was so well kept, and tho denials of the Chief Secretai-y of his intention to exchange the uncertainties of a Ministerial portfolio for the solid emoluments of a ,well paid permanent appointment, so com pletely threw, the quid nuncs oil tho scent that the decision of the Government to commit the happy despatch fell upon the community with all the unexpectedness of ajthunderbolt. The proihets who, dis regarumg bue sage auvise oi cue American humorists, .', 'prophesied before they knew/' find themselves all at sea in their vaticinations, and are savage at having been— rto use an expressive vulgarism — 'sold.' Hence, no doubt, in a great measure, their ire. The apologists of Mr. Service find ; a reason for his abandonment of the helm, in the precarious state of tho honourable gentleman's health. Those who. seek to exonerate Mr. Berry are dis creetly dumb, while the section of the public that justify Mr. Kerferd in his acceptance of the Supreme Court ermine affect to look upon the ajopointment as tha well-earned reward of a politician who has for nearly thirty years rendered faithful service to his party in Parliament. A vigorous attempt is being made in the columns of the Liberal organs to saddle the Conservative section of tho Groveru uient with the onus of the 23rcsent situa tion, but it is difficult to see how the acts of an entire Ministry can with auy show of justice be attributed to any section of it, and in the estimation of all lovers of fair dealing ? Coosar the Conservative is very like Ponipey the Liberal, and all alike are tarred with the same brush. The ' Kerferd job' and the ' Berry job' are now known to be the result of a bargain;. ' Caw me, caw thee.' If the Chief Secretary had not been made Agent-General th& Attorney- General would not have been a Supreme Court judge, ? ' The present political ombroglio in Vic toria would not be so much to bo deplored were it not that the cause of federation is assuredly destined to suffer severely owing to the Ministerial collapse. When Messrs. Service and Berry appointed themselves as ?the representatives of the colony at the -first, meeting of .the Federal Council, they certainly: can. hardly have calculated on being present at its deliberations under ?existing circumstances. What weight can attach to the utterances of a couple of moribund politicians, who will never have the opportunity of pxplaining their action to Parliament, and who will. uover be able to render an account of their stewardship ? iThey will be restrained by no sense of responsibility,, and. can.act.solely.in accord ance with their' own sweet will and plea sure. Their very presence at the meeting where their anomalous and irresponsible position will be known to all their col leagues in ? the Council will invest the whole proceedings with a degree of un reality,, and cause discredit to bo cast on a . : meeting which, for good or evil, may have a most important: bearing on the future of the Australasian Dominion. Unless Mossrs. Service and ? Berry make room for some fitter representatives, Victoria's share in the first meeting of the Federal Council will belittle better than a farcical sham. Thus docs the evil men do live after them. People may now well ask themselves whether all the apparent zeal and anxiety manifested by Mr. Service in the cause of federation was not simulated, and born of the fussy, personal ambition which has been that gentleman's chief charac teristic ever since ho entered public life. If the Victorian Premier did much towards bringing Australian federa tion into life, he has assuredly gone a long way towards causing its death. To ' the political . student disposed to moralise, the history of the Coalition Government of Victoria opens up a fertile field. What wonder if, born in dishonour, as such Ministries must of necessity be — owing their existence to the abandonment of principle on both sides — their exit from life should be inglorious in the last degree ? What can be expected from men who, for the sake' of office, are ready to sacrifice their convictions and advocate measures they have persistently opposed ? Had Walpole when placing on record his opinion that every politician had his price' added completed his description of the average ? paid legislator of Victoria. The 'reim- bursement of expenses to members,' as the monthly: cheque is euphonistically termed, has not resulted in the fittest aspirants for Parliamentary fame being invariably sue- ,- cessful at the ballot-box, and without ; going so far as Sir John Astley, a member of .the Imperial Legislature of Great , Britain, who, on a well-known: historical occasion, described the Home Kulers in the House of Commons as 'a, set of the most confounded rascals m the world,' it ? may, .without- any libel, on the 'three ; hundred pounders,' be affirmed that they : ave'a Vfirv sorrv lot indir-od. Tfc is davoutlv to be hoped '.-that'- the good sense of the ? constituencies ?:. will be 'shown during the approaching ; general election, and a better class of men than now occupy the position) be selected ''as ' the' ipeojple's'^presenta; t'-ves. : ' ' '' ' i,,',,,.V,.',.;-n,|M; ''',??!-?(, (i Whether or.notjhere ?..be.any truth in the averment of the cynicjbhat 'Patriotism is tho lastSafugeiiofltheiscoundrSlJ'Mjer iain it is that patriotism, in. ^Victoria can bs made to pay.' The history, of Mr. Berry's career may be adduced in proof. Ho has' been at various times in receipt 'of a -handsome Ministerial salary. 'for some dozen years. He has been tlie recipient of JJ2OO0 for a six months' jaunt ; to '/England;' whither he proceeded1 as 'ambassador'.'' on a how historical occasion, and lie ha3 suc ceeded in quartering all ' his relatives, includiug'sons, soris-in-law, fathers-in-law, and' for ought that is knowa' ^'his sisters; hisJ cousins, and his' aunts,' on a paternal Government; who, in! addition to' their salaries, will have to provide theni in' due 1 -course with pensions or retiring allowances. He is allowed to travel free i over! all, the railway lines of Australasia, and has' free 'specials' placed J'at ' his' 'disposal when-' ever he ' feels inclined' to /honour the country, districts with ' his J' august presence.' .'Besides all thisj1 He 'reaps the many advantages attaching'. to tlie position of ''fat sow;' to whom/ in accordance with the old' proverb, invariably falls mbre'th' an : a fair shave of grease: Unlike /the' police man's :ihthe ' Pirates of ' Penzance,'. a patriot'sis a- happy life:' :l;!' ''' '-' ' ? The threatened strike , of tho wharf labourers has become an actuality^ and 860 men arc now, of their own free will, out of ?employment. Whether the movement will spread, to the Seamen's Union is , still a moot point. -: At the present moment the action of the men is'1 .-particularly ill-timed.' Their labour is strictly of : the '.' unskilled' cla'ss.arid in* the 'adjoining' colonies there are unfortunately .numbers of /unemployed labourers who willbe only .too glad to come to Victoria and obtain constant employ ment at the rate pf '£2 : 5s per.'week of '48 hours, the sum the employes offer to able bodied men willing and able to perform 'a- fair day's work for a fair day's wages.' Messrs. Williamson, Garner; and Mu's grove, the theatrical lnanagers.have replied to Mr. Bo.ucicault's letter, proving that the veteran aulhor-actor'has really1 nothing to complain of, the lion's share of the profits of ' his engagement having fallen to ' his lot; 'They attribute Mr. Boucicault's dis satisfaction entirely to his ' cantankerous ?disposition.' They should'niake1 some ; al lowance for the .circumstances in which Mr. B. is' placed ;;iablushing bride of 18 summers, is, assuredly, quite' enough' to acdount for any amount of '. cantankerous-' ness' ina bridegroom of 67. f '''''? '?'?'?'' Quite a gloom was cast over Press circles, on;tlie last day of|',the:year!188S 'by; the.' in* telligence that Mrs! G.'A.' Sala/who.'.for ' mqrpr'than' a quarter of 'a century; has shared' the ''joys and sorrows' of her distin guished literary husband,' had died: 'during the night at Menzies'; after' '. 'an; illness of only'a few hours'.duratipri./ The deceased lady has accompanied1 her 'husband. in nearly all his travels, her brightand genial ?disposition' doubtless alleviating , in no slight degree thetroubles, annoyances, and hard work incidental to the life of a''slave of the;iamp.' May the soil of 'the ceme tery, where, far from home!, but ? not from loving friends, rest7 her' ihortal' 'remains, ' lie lightly o'er her grave! : ' ',' j; ,' , ' Januarys.-. , ?' ; -'i: / .'''; '?';',.,'.'':' , '? .' 