TINTCH1ISLISII 00OFNChID: .._`_FasuAY,r,2NcJULY. -? Present-Crs. Hopkins (president), W. Stirling. Anderson, J. Stirling,;' Muriell, Austin, Wiltshire, Prime, and Strachan. S AN IM'PASSAILE bOATD.. LT K l:slctor named Charles Franks -tote, calling attention to the impassable state of the road between Skene's Creek and:Cape Patten. On the motion of Cr. Prime, seconded by Cr. J. Stirling, it wasm decided to take a note of the-request, with the view of considering the subject when the next year's estimates for works were being :pre pared. ..i.. AN UNSAFE PACK TcACE. " A letter was read from James Wood, Nettle Creek, Apollo Bay, asking the council to make the "pack track" safe from the Bluff to Nettle Creek. It'was decided, on the motion of Cr. Prime, to consider the request when the estimates are being drafted. - AN EMIGRoATION INFOR?IATION'OFFiCE IN LONDON.' A. letter was read fomd "tlihe Premier of tlie colony of Victoria, statiiWi'tlia't it bad been determined to co-opernste isot the Imperial authoriti in establishshin"ins London -'an essigration informantion office' for the collection and dissemination throi?ihonit the United lKhindobi of ltibor and other statistics' within the various British colonies. The Premier requested the council to furnish the government sthtist in future with a half-yeaily stateo merit, showing the current rate of wages for the various classes of employmnent, and the prices- rnling for articles of- food and other necessaries of life, together with such informationso"as cas t l b'- athleiid with respect to the demand for labor, both skilled and unskilled; within the munici pality, and the prospects of its continnance or otherwise. The secretary was instructed to furinish 'the tifnired information. " RATE COLLECTOR'S REPORT. This stated that since the last meeting £1357 7s 'had been collected; makiig a total of £1820 5s Gd since the commence ment of 'the"present financial year,; iand leaving a balance of £228V 10s of the present year's rates uncollected to date. The number of dogs registered in the shire was 354. S"vALnFuR,'S REOiTT. ' This stated that about 120 properties had been valued .to date: -There would be up-hitdi bf '40 new holidirigs in the Cape Otway riding this year, chiefly selections in the Otway forest. In the new parish of Kanngalong alone there hadl been 54413 acres taken up'and therwerh severalnew selec tions in the .parishes of Lorne, -Barwon Downs, and Wongarria. RABBIT INSPECTOR'S REPORT. This stated that tahe provisions ,of the Rabbit Act were beisig satisfictorily carried out, and that the contract for the extir pation of rabbitson the 31odewarrecommon had expired. Tie inspector was empowered to call for tenders in respect to the common if it were found that' rabbits were in creasing.o -. FINANCE. Accounts amounting to £135 13s 5d were passed for payment. SUR?EYOR'S REPORT.. This stated that D. Ferguson had cut the saplings near the Rlambra State school for a distance' of;3 chains by. a widthlof fro o10ft. to l2ft. Cr. J. Stirling moved that £1 be given to Ferguson, but there was no seconderi'and no action un?s tiken. REVISION COURT. It was decided that the anniual recisioii court be held at .11.30 a.m. on the 15th instant APPOINTiENT or RETU?NINQ OFFICEPRS. Cr. IVW. Stirling was appointed returning officer for the West riding. Cr. Prime for the Otway riding, and Cr. Murrell for the East riding. It was reported that the retiring members of.the council were:- Cr. Austin for the East, riding, Cr. Wilt shire for the West riding, and Cr. St??cban for the Otway riding. WATER TRUST FOR n.0LNE.,n. The president verb:lly reiported that, with Crs. Anderso' and IMurrell, hlie had attended a public meeting at" Lorne on Tuesday. 29th ult.. held with regard tothe proposition to form a water trust for that towfiship, and to take the opinio:i of the residents re;saidiing the increase of the pro posed loan to carry uct the scheme for snpplying Lorne with iuater. ' Hie found that the rttepaycrs were perfectly nnani mous in the matter of increasing the loan from £.2500 to £13000, and that they were willing to be taxed 2s. in the . if necesk;': sary. Cr. Anderson endorsed the presi dent's statement, and said that the.meeting comprised the aristocracy 'anud democracy of Lorne. The people there were quite willing to pay. Cr. Misurrell said that the meeting fully. a.pproved of the scheme. Cr. J. Stirling-Whalt'steps ouzght to be taken now ? The presiddnt said thait the first step to be taken was to.report that the council would accept the position of a water trust for Lorne, and to name the gentlemen to act on behalf of the Govern luent. " On the motion of Cr. T. Stirling;, seconded by Cr. W. Stirling, it was re solved that on the pinns beisig approved of by the Govrnment the council shoiuld form itself into a water trest for Lorne. .- .:a GRUBBING A ROAD. Cr. Murrell moved-" That tenders be called for grnbhbing and clearing about one mile of the Angatook road, leading from Morgan's, at Wormhbete, into the forest." Cr. Asistin seconded the_ hotion, which was carried. . --HEAThc OFFICER S REPORT. Thehealtif officer, Dr. "Ieylr. repo0-trd thiatoon the 5Ilh June a child named Mfarthas Angus,sresiding at Dean's -1iars, was-.said by the head teacher of the school there to be suffering from diphtheria. lut the child had now recoereiad; and there was nio ap peorance-of the disease spreading. : GENERAL BUSINESS. It sis agredd, on the motion of Crc W. Sth-ling, to call for tenders for 30 yards metal and 30 yards grtrvel, for the main tenance of the road at Winchelsea. The following'were accepted: Contract No. GSG-CCufting hill, and fencing at £'Lennan's Barwon Dosns road. A. and-J...I'Donld ..- ....,23 17h 0 Coditract No. GS7-Spreadinsg 472 yards. metal, and 312 yards gravel,- on main road, East hiding. Jonas Challis, ... , ., --.. -22 11 0 Contract No. G88-- Spreadiaig 527 yards metal,snd 100 yards of gravel, Chaireh street, Cressy and Karugun roads. Jonas Challis .... .......- 32-13 5 Contract No. GSf-Forming 80 chains north of Church-street, Winchelsea. P. and T. Kelly... ... .... 4l57 0 Contract No. G02-To supply kerosene, eta., \- and light street lamps at Winchelsea . (12 months). - , ; u Thos. Alisop. ...... ... 2 10 0' Contract No. G91-To supply kerosene, eto., and light street lamps at Birengursa (12 months). John Lucas ... .... ... 18 1 9 Contract No. 085-To erect timber diclvert, embankment, and draining west of Kane's selection, Ilurroon. John Keegan ... ... .. 23- 5-l10. The Councilthen adjonrned.Adi'ertiser. T FI W l N4 ý I-J dAJER'S IIUT. 'Ie searing season brings together from many partsa motley crew of washers, shearers, and rousttabouts. The shed is 'not the place to gauge the men and theirt 'antecedents. There the shearers, stripped aliiost to 'ta ie elt. toil with ' d(esperate energy to make the highest scores. The i ceaseless click, click, of the shears stops only with sundown. The vigilant eye of the overseer checks bad work. " That won't do, my man," says this Janus. " No toasahawking here. T'ake off the wyool, but don't dut'into the flesh." The nimen's lihut I in the evening is the quarter for the study of character. It is like the forecastle of a !ship durm'n the dog watches, 'alive ,ith joke, song, or yarn. I am not sure that shearers refuse- to speak to washers, or washers to roustabouts; but there are strongly inarked lines' of'iScial''ai'stihtion in this brief, incongrup?i sgathering. The ' ringer" of thl she'd,' the "highest scorer of the past year, or the.prospective winner of the present seasoin, may be the sun of thie circle: ?A bully may lholditimorous youths in awe, and old topers of the niori bund school may scorn their sober asso ciates.e I, have known.a .Chinaitan.nWin honors in the shed, and hold! his .':oln' throughtheshearing. Again, ablackfellow canime nfiriat, b' it "the /Chininian aid the aborigine found scant grace at the hands of their civilised whitdmates. The highest branch oflabor, does not always claim the highest type'of'men.-' This is true, at least morally. The hardest swearer in the hut traces his ancestry back to men who served their country in battle and debate. With out exception he snupasses all about him in: obscene and blasphemouis -lant guage. An old beetle-browed washer can ...quote Shakespeare...by...,then.-hour,. and is full of learned quotations. " There is no hiding the - fseb tht,ho?gis?a man of education, but- he lhas trivelled on the dov?;said rioad for years. Int his drunken moinements,the ldepraved-fatnre'df tilt 'man or the mere animal is shown. Life maly' other ,self-riniedn men he' is'vicious 'tindi spiteful. "His inatessooi get to kiio"'him, and give him as wide a berth as possible. Some of them have siet him before to their sorrow, and 'theyL-tell tal'i'of'lis anteced ents who sent the blood tingling through the veins. ,He seldom;returns tothe same station' fors ork, and i'is the greter part of the year on themsillitby t?ick; playing the part of the stndowner., Happily - those, black, sheep; of the flock are few thle 'typiEcal shedaer if'the day is a steady man, owner; id a small way, of laind and a comifortabie'];ie i Hiseiiiegdeiiint is a foregone conclugion moffidih before. the ' slied is teady. &A;'letterfoftihqitiyj'td the maniiiger ihas settled 'tli"ni;tter for' hiul. He has given over' the weary tramping lfron station to' itidit'iii"?e?rch of a job. But all the .hands areMnot in so thrifty a condition. The oiner of the estate landed a poor nin; biit by inditstry and" case slowelybecamei rich: But that roisthbb lt-, a fine old man of nmilibty '7apeiral.'ce t came to the colony a saloon p ssengssr in' a' smallosteamer. He has had l?ad luhick since he came to Australia, he .says ;There are: more thian. vague rumors of his early,con 3 nection'iwitlh the bar' of hiis native,counity;, and he does not deny that he once 'held it lucrative' Governument post ii i .''foreign t country.. Poor follow, he is his owinenemy,; 1 lie would not hin?t a wormh; he is too goodnc natured for that.--,The dust, and inegleetof. Slong years of careless lit;ing.cannot hide the 'gentlean,' antiu his lncnltiured miit?s respect him, and inever fmentniosi wsu?ctk ness. " Stop that yarn, cook,' 'tlirn'ptly? calls out the voc?list of th hit hut w" are itn for a sonig with a choirtis. 'It ii the Getisued Canoe' that I am going ,to give, and silenice; tl.? Tihen th voealist smngs in long-tremulous notes this "sentiminstal ditty, and the whole hut joins in the chorus e regardless 'f time and tnne. i This over,, Sthe violinist scrapes.his.fiddle; ind'thed' youthful. and, mercurial portion of- the gathering, rise soand move round in.couplesi Sto the iotesof the instrument. A-, variety, of occupations finds favor in- this.narrow; space. One man practises the tonsorial art on the faces of his fellow-sheatrers. Anothltirlis sin inkling of mechanies, and tries to show by diagramsti and expernments a that; sheatring" sheep' by 'iiafihineii ,idi'lt e never be a success. oi. Somineiv' i?linms afid` t city youths, who are up to learn station e life, umke'dffbrts to'" ;sulite'r the" glsssa-iy of the sh d itth'tllt se,?'oi 'f ' A idityiof cird players amuse themselves by/;playing for figs of tobacco , Gra-er ? ni try to read, or smoke theii'l pipes in silence, and siile at the innocent ag's-ries of their more Sjuvenile mates. Theydropinto ttheireuniks one by one, ?inidleave the bdys to their fun. But they. too; soon tire for a day's toil in the shearings, shedis' not:play;, andtswhen the sholit-necked ringer from the border e begins to talk of ''hosItly" viditnut that e came to a hut on the Bareoo, every one tins in quickly?.' This gloomjy issanthrope has the latd qualities charged to the "Lbtil i ihe is the spirit of the storms. -e is silent c and moroseduringtheday, aindonly begins to spcik when the evening grows late.. His Sstories are grim. and repelling ....The phl cook sa'ys "' tthe staw a shiedful of men drop work and aiskl the manager to give. Barcoo the sack, becitise his y?arns were so strange andmisetablelike. The miiilan;r' said " ie'was "sorry lie could' not oblige' them'i The poor fellow wais s;l'htly S? rs. in the head, and his liver n"i out of,oider SPaut urip with him; Ilds,i a few day? lohger, cud e get back to work. They turned to'agiii;, u grumbling, a bit, and in 'the night-they promptly stopped him when he begaun"a yarn about a ghostwitt? shining face and uplifted arms."', No doubt tlhis cranky beingu first losti his balasce through .solittde andl and bohitsof drioik at btish shanties., lle has some companions in distress setittered d about the conntiry. The clss of hearerso upon whom ghost.stories have eoiect is not d xiheti.?c "Asthlaitith Nortliltiton tells his mates that ai stokeod sixperice c i brie'the most troublesomier'sitch to the ground cod some secret ssoids he knows would dip away ghosts ad anpparitions at the do d of the niihlit. "Whether this belief make, ham less industrious than his mess sceptical rivalso pay day will proe i but the story shows that superstitioin still lingers niear the hesizen of th- uug h''"'' ''"' The old proverb. ¶' Ba'lt to bed, and early to rise," holds goodall round in the-e wool season. Tteire are numbers of men .to be 0 fedtnd specisil' Pates of pay ride during a shearing. It is to,,the squatters interest n to get thronghl the swork in an eupeditions manner. This is also to the gain of the 0 men who follow the sheds down to is the cost. Some say they can make six months' awork in the year at shearing, by looking ahead of them. Probably s this is true, toy uhses-re start from a homle as early as Junes, tad do not ge, hack till the following October or November. 0 Others regularly go to a distant shed where largesn'umbers of sheep are shorn, and then t mshe fof .hosnt as soon as possible. Rail way teavellisg ._ altering even station life; o lhb sundowner, the old reestabout, aid the shanty-keeper are all falling lacsp hefore a the advance of civilisation. Station-ows ets who once winked at the irregular conduct 9 of their employes do not give them the pro 'ferences They engage their more trust f worthy risalo, though these small settlers act the part of rodesnts and nibhle at the bi estates., If the novelist comes to Vic Stota in search of material to picture old hands on the spree, he will have to go far afield for.examples. They are nearly de funct ous)way, ,ud their plices are being filled by men who promius to become u thriving yeomanry.-Daily Telegrasph, 3rd July. ________,__ 