LETTERS TO LOCAL CELEBRITIES. Tby AAnuns.l To Messrs. J.Long, J. Kean, J. Kenny and E. H. Beoke, J.P. I must apologise to you Kean and Kenny, for liaA'ing bracketted your names with E. H. Becke. Jt may be galling to your feeling to be thus associated. but nevertheless you must put up with it. Like as they are broad X characteristics by which naturalists classify animals and reptiles— particularly reptiles— s(f there are characteristics common to your quartette which makes it necessary to address you both together and separately. One of the connective trails is the mystery of the reason of your existence, for what earthly object have 'you been made ? You are thus on the same plane as the crocidile — "who is noted for Aveeping, and the ouraug- outang — which is said in some great Avay to resemble a man. E. H. Becke seems ever to be trying to fathom this mystery by thrusting his hands deeper and yet deeper into his trousers pockets — he must be a terror on buttons. - JExcuse_ni£L,KQ5af ilong ancl Kenny in ad dressing E. H. B. before you. One has to get on the lowest rurig of the ladder first in; order to get higher. You appear to be nervous, shifty and as meditative as an owl. I think you must still be suffering from that mysterious fire in Port, which , left , ybiV roofless. That fire was a seiioushbss to some one. One of the defects of your nature is vacillation. Sometimes Jyou seem to have found your congenial life Avork in resolutely supporting the verandah post of the Building .Society's office, first with one shoulder then with the other. And then at other times you appear perplexed Avith doubt — and depart — the occupation Avas ;too us'eful to be respectable. At one-time you wore convinced that you could be useful as a magistrate in signing warrants, 'and ventured to sign one. You .felt proud of the.act, until Michael Kerrigan phad an interview Avith you. Then you suf fered from an attack of ypur malady. You /had the fever wlierifyou signed, you had ague Ivery bad Avhen you suav young Mick — not old |Mick — make no mistake n-n-no-oo I never signed a Avarrant, its a frau its a frau |ats a mistake, on my knees I assure .you Michael, my archangel, my guiding star, its 'Mi in-ad-vertance, its an infernal plot of Stevenson's. You have inherited an abnornal amount of old Adam's outspokenness which you valiantly manifested upon a conspicuous occasion. Therefore of course it yas an " inadvertanee" on your part to sign that memorable letter to the Minister for Justice Avhioh you expected to lie quietly pigegn-holed in his office until required/ Your signature to that document characterises it, it gives it immortality. It AvouldhaA-e been worthless without you. Who better had a right to sign it than you ? Have not you Avith P. C. and Jimmey — not Jimmey the Chinaman — just been whitewashed by Abbott ? Had Long or Murphy been a J.P. his signature could not have given it greater eclat. ' It Avas your eminent services in prospecting for the philosopher's istone on the Clarence Avhich Avas your qualification for, the magis tracy. You could not fend it in your father's office, nor in the ashes of that mysterious fire, though you have sought for it diligently. You found it not on the Clarence, nor the faintest trace of it ijt Corangula. And the mystery of how it hjis eluded your search divides your attention with morbid fear that the verandah post will fall. You top the list of the Avhole honorable eleven magistrates fortelling the truth. Even F. Goulburn Panton must give you the belt, and truthful Charley Avould not dare- enter into competition witL you — Avith all his ex perience. Never allow>|hat trait in your character to dwarf by nVlect. I have still great hopes that . you vt6 find out for Avhat great- Avork nature has fifd you. Avoid being a tool. Taey are only used to keep the hands of others from being soiled. Try and cultiA'ate a little jself respect. It is not self honoring to be tee tool of even an archangel — at least such archangels as are to be found amongst thej Devil's Own. So you are itching o try your hand atrun- ing a neAVspaper, if you can only find some one else to find the money. That work in exorably demands one qualification, of Avhich you are singularly deficient, viz., brains. You Avere of use in keeping your eye on that. bankrupt > stock pf tinned oysters — you need them much. j You can assume with ease the preposses- ing innocence and ignorance of a chinaman. When mandarin Abiott wanted you to ex plain a certain signature when he said refer- _ ring to the Avarrant '1 You savee Avho wrotum " ' that," you answered Avith your blandest smile, "Me no savee." Oh;yes, in some ways you are very much like 'v Chinaman, very, par ticularly in your " savee." Long and Kenny, ybu form a sort of moral Siamese Twins in thi? quartette. According to your own confessidqs.yQU have fqund con; genial occupation inipeaple's back yards ife the darkness of the:night. That is due qf course to your unconquerable tlfirat for knowledge, even if ii. be1, picked up in the gutter. I presume it was to obtain the pro; fessional opinion of Dr. Casement as to m Avhether it Avould be safe to -operate upon ' you twins, that one of you had the intervieAv with him at the rear oi the YvTesleyan Church. The better the place the better the deed. Kenny you are an inveterate joker. You-can ? 'joke even about Father MacGuinness and ghosts. Kean you are a handy man at turning a jienny. As a lurwker you do a good trade. The " conspirators' ' made a mistakein ref us- ' 3" in" to purchase the stuff a-ou offeredffor sale. You gave them the first choice. They can- J not blame you in selling to another Avhat they refused themselves. A man must live, You also Avith E. Herbert Becke have been roughly handled by tfre fere iiend. (I trust ii is not premqnitqry to your future lives.) You ought to sympathise with each other an4 compare notes together. You should go into - business as fire insurance agents, in which business you would be eminently successful, Take Warning. — At this season of the year when so many people become subject to at- tacks of biliousness, kidney troubles, consti pation, and all the list of troubles that arise from being housed up, or that are brought on by cold and exposure, it is the part of pru dence to take Avarning from the experience of others and provide ourselves Avith the means of eseaye from similar troubles. So wide is the fame of Dr. Bell's Bitters, that great re- medy for all kicjney and liver trouble, that almost everyone knows of its groat virtue in such cases. It should be kept in every 'house! noici reaciy ior an emergency. A. German Avriter tells us that when " ben- zqyn apthylarqid is tr eated with nitric acid,tAvo isomericmionitronamidobenzonaphtylamideq are formed, one yielding monononamidohen- zonaphtylamide, and tfee other, ady'drobeni ?odiamidononeaIena." All parents shotfld impress this fact upon the minds of their children. " ' " ' ' This is the name qf a man living near South Carolina : — ETarman Diveoyer Jump-, under Co'mebit'hertome Outyonder Gofetehit Jehu Joshua Hngh Hall Hiram HaAvey I Kiziah Jones. ; The folloAving is from a tombstone near Wetumpka, Alabama: — Henri Ritter Demi ' Bitter Emi Ritter SAveet Potato Cream of Tarter Caroline Bostwicl;. infant daughter of Bob and Sukey Catlin. 1 It was the name of a little negro girl. J ri/h®Be!'liu No7th Gaxctte state that Professor Braokeiibusch has made I large annexation in "South Patagonia oh hel half of Germany. Th# London -.Standard commenting on this says it thinks that Bis marck Avill have to /reckon with Chilli and the Argentina Repfifelic, . V- . \ . I " . 