MODERN PHARISEES. “It is the spirit that quickeneth; the ﬂesh proﬁteth nothing; the words that I speak unto you, they are spirit, and they are life.” To the spiritual character of our Lord’s teaching the Pharisees opposed the skeleton of legal ceremonialism, while the Sadducee set up an intellectual scepticism, piractically, refusing to. ac knowledge the reality of a spirit which it J could not grasp, and it is urged that in every heresy 'that has rent the Church, yie may detect one or other of these systems. Through the schools of Alexandria the philosophy of Greece aided in developing the sect of the Sadducees, whereby the old-fashioned simplicity and dogmatic statements of the national faith became an offence to the pride of intellect. The supernatural was looked on as suited only for the childhood of thought. For the consciousness of sin ; the inability to ap proach a holy God, eave with the sym bolism of sacrifice which recognised the need of a mediator ; there was not room in the Platonic or Alexandrian system. The world by wisdom knew not God, and however Socrates might have analysed the relations of man to man, he could frame no conception of those of man to his God. Hence faith and all its corre lative virtues were utterly alien to the philosophy of the day. Hence the Sad ducees, embued with this teaching, re jected the power of the Spirit, and rejected the whole of the supernatural ; yet they had no objection to conform to the' ritual and ceremonies of Judaism, which they looked on as mere form. They accepted the Pentateuch, while demurring to its doctrines, and assumed a critical position to the whole of the sacred volume so far as it transcended the sphere of natural or rational religion. But side by side with this, there crys tallized out of the supporters of everything national or peculiar in their Church, the sect of the Pharisees, who while holding to the whole letter of the word, made it naught by their tradition. These sought to add an oral law assumed to have been handed down from Moses to Joshua, from Joshua to the Elders, and from the Elders to the Rabbis. This tradition was deemed to supplement and explain the law of Moses, and was sought to be enforced as the voice of the Church. Thence grew the study and observances of ecclesiastical traditions and minute ritual, until the re ligious life was made to depend mainly on the observance of signs and seasons, and the rehearsal of certain forms ; and wor ship and sacrifice were treated as an " opus operatum;" as an end rather than a mean. The services of the Pharisee were many. His vestments and phylac teries were conspicuous. His ingenious and subtle perversions of language en abled him to place any gloss he desired on the plainest words of Scripture. The claims of the Church superseded those of the family. God's law was perverted by the " Corban;" devoted to the mainten ance of a sumptuous and gorgeous cere monial rather than to the claims of parents in want and old age. All true spirituality was withered ana dried up. "Burdens too heavy for men to bear," was the true summary of the Saviour. " Bondage " " weak and beggarly elements " was the denunciation of St. Paul. While Jewish society was oscillating between these two factions, the banner of a new and spiritual revelation was un furled ; not a new one, however, but the completion and development of that pre paratory one so miserably distorted on the one side and on the other by Sadducee and Pharisee alike. And with what weapons did its founder confront both ? He enters into, no subtle disquisition with the philo sophic Sadducee on the immaterial soul, or on supernatural appearances ; He joins no issue with the Pharisee on the historic worthlessness of his traditions ; He meets both alike at once by proclaiming the spiritual character of revelation. It is the, spirit that quickeneth ; the flesh profiteth nothing: the words that I speak unto you, they are spirit, and they are life. You have been perplexed and offended at My teaching ; you have seized on the expression ' eating My flesh ' as involving a self-contradiction — that is not the eating I spoke of. My flesh ye can never eat, for it will have ascended up into heaven. It is only the Spirit that can give life to the spirit of man. The flesh, in whatever way used, can do nothing towards this. The words I have spoken to you are living food, not carnal and perish able ; " they are spirit, and they are life." And in no special or limited sense does He utter this. It is a general declaration proclaiming the spiritual life to be in the reception and spiritual digestion of the words of Christ. This teaching of Christ is the very basis of our Protestant Church, whether in maintaining the supernatural against modern Sadduceeism on the one side or in rejecting the Ecclesiastical traditions and Pharisaic formalism of Rome and Ro- manizers on the other. Both these, in their opposition to a spiritual religion, depreciate the words which we claim to be spirit and to be life ; for both of them, explicitly and implicitly, deny their suffi ciency to be the guide of man. The latter places ecclesiastical institutions and ex aggerated or distorted views of divine or apostolic institutions as equal with The Word, and puts the voice of the Church in place of the voice of Christ. The former would match science and philo sophy against Revelation, and complains that the Book whose teaching on these matters is so imperfect, which sheds so little light on those questions which absorb modern thought, and on which we have advanced so far beyond previous ages, cannot be trustworthy where it claims to be our supreme guide. But there can be no spirit and no life even in The Word, unless there be that personal appreciation which enables us to say to Christ " mv Lord and my God." No man can say that Jesus is the Lord, but by the Holy Ghost. The facts of the life and death of Christ are matters of history. They may be believed, simply as other facts of history are believed. That is not making the words to be spirit or life. All this may be received without any exercise of divine influence, without any teaching of God the Holy Ghost. It was not Peter's natural heart which said, Thou art the Christ, the Son of the living God. Flesh aud blood had not taught him that truth, but the Father who is in heaven. An old author says of Pharisaic pride and Antinomian security. " These are the two inquiries between which, as between the upper and the nether mill stone, Satan has in all ages ground the Church, and the space between them is so narrow that only the vulture's eye can discern it." ''The Hon. Messrs. Dibbs and Renwick. — Welearn tho t, providentially, Sir Patrick .Jennings was ill when occasion arose for prompt action to uphold freedom of speech at Lismore, and that Mr. Garvan waB away. Consequently the matter was taken up by Mr. Dibbs without asking the advice of the Premier. If Sir Patrick had been given time to exercise his Romish influence we have no doubt that the lecture would have been prevented; The Hon. Dr. Ren wick we under- stnnd cordially supported the Hon. G. R. Dibbs in his firm and proper action. These two instances in which the Roman Church was prevented from seizing the very valuable public property at Parramatta, used for years as a Roman Catholic orphanage, for which the country has to thank Dr. Renwick, and the prevention of the Roman Catholic attempt to trample on the British right of free ppeech at Lismore, by the Hon. G: P. Dibbp, shew plainly how necessary it is to keep Romanists out of public positions of influence they can use at the behest of their Church. If the Premier, Sir Patrick Jenningp, had been con sulted on either of these occasions, being a faithful son of tho Roman Church, that church would possibly now possess the valuable public property at Parramatta it un righteously attempted to seize, and it would have trampled freedom triumphantly at LiBmorr. But in both these cases the Ministers who bad to act, knowing that Sir Patrick must band over the public interest to the Cardinal, acted without con sulting their chief, and the country owes them a debt of gratitude for their resolute conrage. When tbey had committed ' the Government, Sir Patrick was necessarily unwillingly obliged to acquiesce or cause disruption in hiB Cabinet and lose caste in the country, and he refrained himself wisely. We trust that these instances will be warnings to Orangemen that whether' on' the Government side of the Op position side their votes should be only given to Protestants. If the Protestant members of this present Romish Government bad been been defeated when tbey sought re-election it would indeed have been a sorry day for the country which would have been despoiled by Rime of valuable property, and would have si fieri d the loss of the right of free speech. Note these thingp, and see that you elect good sound men to Parliament, irrespective of their political party. The Result of Ritualism.— St. James ' Chronicle in its issue of August 26tb,' remarks that "the Roman Catholic Tablet, of Saturday, last, makes a statement which will not be read with pleasure by the Ritualists. Says our contemporary: — 'The majority of those, who are led by Divine grace into the truth, come to us (i.e., the Church of Rome) un questionably from the High Church section of the Establishment. They have been educated into Sacramental belief ; a belief of which they have striven in vain to discover in their false position the sanction or the fulfilment. Like the Queen of Saba, they have come a long way to reach the true conclusion of premisses in them selves so sound.'" The Old Persecuting Spirit. —Father Fahy, a Roman Catholic curate, has been convicted at Woodford (county Galway) with threatening Mr. Lewis, a local landlord, and has been committed to gaol for six months, having declined to ﬁnd sureties to keep the peace. The prosecutor, who, where‐ever he goes, is carefully protected by the police, gave evidence that the accused visited him and told him if he went on with the evictions his house would be blown up before six months were over and his life taken, and he thought it was his duty to denounce him from the altar. Last December an attempt was made to blow up his house, and ho believed Father Fahy would procure some one to do it again. It was certainly high time that thiB " Christian " priest should be prevented from, earn iug out his diabolical threats. In view of this and the exhibition of what the papists - would do if they could, which they have so lately given us at LiBmore, no credence can be put in the denial by. the Romish bishops in Ireland that tho Roman Catholics there would abuse the power that Mr. Gladstone would give them. Very grate ful to Mr. Gladstone for aiding intolerant Rome are these bishops. At the close of a conference of Roman Catholic prelates, held at Maynooth College, Dublin, a resolution was adopted recording the Bishops' " most grateful appreciation of the services so generously rendered to Ireland in the last Session of Parliament by the Right Hon. W. E. Gladstone," and " indignantly denying the oft repoated, though utterly unfounded, assertion that the Catholic majority in Ire land would abuse the power they would derive from a native Legislature to harass or persecute the non-Catholic minority of their fellow countrymen." Farewell to Kdltli O'Gor- man.— At the Protestant Hall on Thursday, the night we go to press, a grand, farewell meeting, with presentations to Mrs. Edith O'Gorman AufEray, tho escaped nun, is held. On Saturday afternoon Mr. and Mrs. Auffray, with their little son, will start by train for Melbourne, where we wish them a hearty wel come, and a successful tour, fruitful of good results, throughout Victoria. In our next issue we hope to give a report of the pro ceedings at the farewell meeting. The Clairvoyant and tlie Albury Murder. — The Evening News has been teeming with accounts of the mar vellous revelations of a clairvoyant at s eances in Ocean-street, Woollahra, about the mysteri ous murder or suicide of Raglan Davey, at Albury. The facts of the case were that. the man had disappeared, blood-stains were seen, and a woman had seen two men carrying what she thought was a man blind drunk, towards the river. Theso facts were known to everybody, and, with slight embellishments, these circumstances were then related by the clairvoyant as being seen by him in a trance. The embellishments are the only part of the story that are really original, and these seem to be wrong. We do not remember that he told of the cutting of the man's throat, which would have been a natural thing for him to do if in his mesmeric sleep he really saw the body. But he told of a woman and two men, and of the body being in the river, all which was not new. The man he said was dirty and dressed in a rouse-about. We are certain that description would suit either of the men, if murderers there were, who murder for a small sum. But he said the man whom he called Bob was getting his meals at an old woman's hut, and would be taken asleep. So far this has proved the phantasy of a dream. He said the man would be known by a mark upon the left arm between the elbow and the wrist, and accordingly police and people went mad, and at last at Junee tho befooled police found a man named George Chatham, who had a mark of an old wound on his arm below the elbow, and. they pounced upon the astonished man as the murderer. The description' of this -man answered the clairvoyant's descrip tion as it would any other bushman, and some stains on his clothes were assumed to be human blood. But Chatham was able to give a good account of himself. However, that would not be believed against the clairvoyant soothsayer, who, like the witch Gagool, had touched the man, and he must suffer as guilty. Fortunately Chatham was able to bring respectable witnesses to corroborate his statements, and the magistrate docs not seem to have been bitten with the spiritualist in sanity, and so he discharged Chatham to the great disgust of police and spiritiBts. If this sort of craze increases, special laws will have to be made to protect individuals against arrest for all sorts of crimes of which they have' never heard, because, forsooth, a sipiri- tualist clairvoyant dreams that a man of their description did the deed. If this sort of thing be_ allowed none of us will be safe. In saying this we desire to acquit the clairvoyant of all intention of fraud, but we have attended such seances, have seen people in such trances, and know their foolishness, by investigation. The fact seems to be that when people get into this peculiar nervous state, mesmeric trance, or whatever it be, their minds become pecu liarly sensitive to the 'impressions conveyed to them In some mysterious way by the thoughts and wills of the minds around. In some inscrutable way minds act upon each other, and when in this mesmeric state the mind of the medium is peculiarly sensitive, and 'whatever the people surrounding him think . about is impressed on his mind just as in a dream, and aB in a dream he speaks In ..this case the clairvoyant waB. ques tioned abont the Albury mystery, and everybody in the room was thinking of it, and their thoughts were impressed on his mind, with the peculiar vague, changing,' ad vancing and receding illusions that accom pany dreams, added from his own individu ality. There was nothing more in his revela tions which have been made so much of. That this is pretty much what occurs in all pretended spiritualistic seances can be verified by almost any number of people, large or small, who care to sit solemnly round a table in the orthodox spiritualistic manner and hold a seance until one of their number goes into a so-called trance. But it is a bad practice to indulge in frequently for it unBtrings the nerves and often weakens health. It is an unnatural and unwholesome nervous state, a state very extraordinary, it is true, like all animal magnetic and mesmeric influences, worth investigating in the search for extension of physical knowledge, but one with which spirits have nothing whatever to do. There iB ' in it exemplified a marvellous power of one : mind'reachingonttoanothermind,and commu nicating with it in some mysterious manner without the medium of voice. The mind of a person in such a mesmeric " trance " becomes . the mere unresisting tool of the minds around it ; it will work exactly as they unitedly by a . combined effort of will desire it to, and . : through it all a slight trace of its own indi- \- viduality is left. The trance seeing of the medium is just a dream, differing only in the r faot that it iB intententionally induced, and it j has no more value as a means of solving mysteries than any ordinary dream. If : further confirmation of the uselessncss of pretended clairvoyancy were needed we refer to the case of the body of the English Earl which two years ago was stolen from its vault, in the hope of obtaining a large reward . for its return, All the greatest spi- itualistB in England did their best to find where the body was, but failed ignominously. Yet it was afterwards accidentally found, hidden at the foot of a tree in the deBmeBne, not at all in any out of the way place. . - Letter from "Wm. Johnston, of Ballykilbefg, Ire land. — Bro. McNeile, of Katoomba, has handed us the following letter which he has . received from the famous Ulster loyalist, Bro. . William Johnston, M.L.A. Every writing of that sterling protestant is in teresting to all Orangemen. Ballyhilbeg, Co. Down, 25th September, 1886. My Dear Bro. McNeile, . ' It will seem, strange to you that I have not before replied to your letter of the 15th of May. It was laid carefully aside to be answered, and I feel that this must be done before leaving Ballykilbeg, after a three : months' summer sojourn. I send you a Weekly Telegraph with what is a good likeness of me as taken in London, this year. The life-sketch is written by my self." No other could give the facts, and ' therefore they are bare facts. I should like to visit New South Wales, but see no prospect of doing so. Next Parliament will require during the session, close attention. I feel more and more convinced that the Orange Institution is the real safeguard and bulwark of Protestantism, and of a United Empire. A. G. Miller is the Grand Master of Eng land now. I was at his election on 21st July, and said good words of him. 1 read for my degree, with him, in 1852 in T.C.D. I am greatly interested now in Temperance work, and hope to speak at meetings in Glasgow, on the 28th inst., and at Manchester on . the 12th and 13th October. Drink has done us more harm than Popery ever could do. Mrs. Johnston, now in Dublin, got your kind message. We are all well, thank God. You, my dear friend, I hope are in health of body and soul, and working for, and by Christ our loving Lord. Ever most truly yours, WM. JOHNSTON. Jolin Daly Mobbed;— The treat ment accorded to Mrs.- Edith O'Gorman . Auffray at Lismore is the treatment accorded by the Ohurch of Borne, through its faithful, tor every convert that dares expose the iniquity of that intolerant, blasphemous apostate church. Concerning John Daly the Philadelphia News Bays : — "This convert from Popery attempted to preach in River Park this afternoon July 13, but was prevented by a mob of fully three thousand persons, in cluding some of the roughest element of the mining region, who assailed him with a view . of throwing him into the Susquehanna river. Had it not been for the interpositi&n; of the police, who were present in Btrong force, Daly would doubtless have been seriously injured, if not killed. He was finally es corted home by officers, followed by an in furiated crowd, who made violent efforts to lay' hands upon him, but were beaten off by the police. Daly attempted to preach at the same place on Sunday last, but was prevented u much the same way." The London Pro testant Times says that a correspondent in forms it that there were quite 10,000 persons imposing the mob;" 