CAMDEN HARBOUR o' (By. Bucolic.) Following close upon the settlement of Roebuck Bay carne that of Camden Harbour, which had bceu explored many years before by Sir George Grey, «ho wrote in raptures of its capabilities as a pastoral couutry; while Dr. Marlin, who visited the district in 1862, also described it as the finest country in Australia. Acting upon those répons, a Mr. William Harvey of Melbourne, who possessed au imaginative brain, conceived the idea vi floating a company to colonise the dittant land. Accordingly, pamphlets were is- sued in the most tempting form showing the advantages to be gamed on joiniug the Camden Harbour Pastoral Associa- tion-capital £20,000, in two hundred shares ot £100; and showing how each holder of five snares should be entitled to a run of 100,000 acres, 200 sheep, and twelve months provisions. The bait was too tempting to be. resisted, and in a short time the shares were taken up and a biard of directors appointed ; three vessels were chartered to take stock and share holders to the promised land. ' The company comprised a strange mixture Ïainters, plumbers, slaters, saddlers, and, may say that all trades furthest re- moved from stock raising were well represented. They had a doctor ' and clergyman to attend to the bodily and spiritual wants of the settlers, but not a shoemaker, blacksmith, or carpenter in the company. The board of management consisted of the parson, a saddler, a slater, a miner, and only one man who had any knowledge of stock, and who, in con- sequence, held a very unenviable position; and this gentleman, Mr. T. C. Murray, now of Colac, Victoria, gained the good- will of the whole community by ids exer- tions for the general welfare. On the 16th November, 1864, the barque Stag sailed from Hobson's Bay with the first contingent, and, after a good passage, reached Camden Harbour on the 13th December. The bay itself is a fine 6heet of water, the entrance to which is a terpentine passage about half a mile wide, between high cliffs, with nine fathoms water in the channel. The au clior was droppped before sunset and shortly afterwards natives were seen dancing around their fires on Augastus Island. Early next morning the captain of the barque with several passengers made for the shore to seek a landing place for stock and to find some of the many streams of water which they were led to believe emptied themselves into the bay, but after a fruitless walk of several hours duration in a tropical sun the searchers were obliged to return to the 'boats in an almost famished couditiou. The matter now bore a serious aspect for there were only three tanks of water on board and as the hills around the harbour had recently been swept by a bush fire there was no grass to be seen. in thfe strait a party consisting of E. T. Hooley, A. McRae, C. Perdue and T. Ell- wood volunteered to make a pedestrian tour inland and search for water, and as time was of the greatest importance the little band at once started, taking some ship's biscuit and a gallon of water in a billy-canvas water bags had not then been invented. After walking all night the Glenelg river was Bightcd at daybreak, but the high hopes with which the thirsty travellers hast- ened to its shores were dashed to the ground by the discovery that the water was salt, being within the influence of the tides, which here have a rise of thirty five feet. After several hours unsuccess- ful search for water the little band, weary and foot sore, began thoir return journey to the ship, and, after travelling five miles, Mr. Ellwood cried out that he could go no further, and advised his com- panions to leave him to his fate. Tins of course was out of the question, so the party remained under the shade of some small trees until sunset, sufferiug such pangs of thirst as can only be experienced in a tropical climate in December, poor Ellwood occasionally crying ont in his agony : " I wish I had air George Grey here or Dr. Martin, would'nt I wring their necks, etc." With som» diffi- culty the poor fellow was itiduced to make another start, and after walking a quarter of a mile a uice pool of delicious water was discovered surrounded by drooping palms. After drinking freely the water was pro- nounced the tineBt in the world. The return journey to the harbour was then accomplished without further mishap. Here they learned that Mr. T. C. Murray had discovered a good spring only half a mile from the beach, to which the stock was taken. The Helvetia, another of the company's stock ships, arrived on the 2lst, and the Calliance on the 25th Dec. Very few sheep had been lost on the voyage, but the latter vessel entered the port wah her ensign at half-mast, and it appeared that one of the shareholders had died that morning in sight of land. As the sheep were landed they were taken to Mur- ray's spring and from thence to a creek five miles back where water and some old feed had been discovered, but not before several hundred sheep had died of poison on the burnt ground. This, poison plant was never discovered-and is unknown to the present day. After a few weeks, heavy rains set in and in a hhort time the whole country, which consists of trap rock, was thickly covered with green grass, but of a hard wiry nature and destitute of nutriment, Very few natives were seen but ou one occasion three of the blacks attactced four white men and the former had the best of the encounter, lu March 1865 the barque Tien Tsin arrived, bring- ing Mr. R. J. ¡ahull as Resident Magis- trate with a largo stall' of surveyors, police, pensioners, etc. By this time most ol' the company had come to the conclusion that the country was unsuitable for sheep and had resolved to leave by the first opportunity-They accordingly char- tered the spare deck room of the Tieti Tsin for the sum of £350, finding their own provisions, and by that chance fifty three out of the original party of eighty four took their departure-sadder aud wiser meit. Of the remaining shareholders several had died suddenly trom sunstroke aud other causes, whilst a few remained to explore the country further iulaud, and amongst the latter that first class bushman ,X Mr. A. McRae, who subsequently with thoipl late Mr. T. C. Sholl made an interesting trip to the vicinity of Collier Bay, during; which trip better country was passed over. After some months the settlement was abandoned, the country having been found to be quite unfit for sheep. There is not a particle of herbage and no top feed of any kind, consequently sheep kept on this coarse grass only, pine a »ay and die. After being about five months in the dis- trict Mr. Sholl had a serious encounter with the blacks, who had for some weeks kept his camp in suspense owing to dar- ing thefts carried out night after night under the nose of the sentry. Boats were frequently stolen from their moorings, and on one occasion the gig was anchored to an auvil and considered to be quito safe, but, to the surprise of the sentry, when day broke he found that boat and anvil had disappeared. A few days after- ward? Mr. Sholl with his son Trevor, P. C. Gee, and two other white men srarted in the long boat in search of the mussing ' gig, and whilst sailing down George Water, between Augustus Island and the main, natives were desciied on the latter making friendly signs. Mr. Sholl bore up in response to the signals, but no sooner had the boat neared the shore than they were saluted with a shower of spears, one of which struck poor Gee in -. the shoulder, giving him a dangerous wound. This daring attack t-«ok the boat party quite by surprise, and although a few pistol shots were bred in reply, they were ineffective, In the meantime the boat was backed off and after sailing round a point it was decided to anchor and attend to the wounded man who was in great pain. But here again disaster awaited them for no sooner did the anchor take hold than the eui rent, which runs through this passage like a sluice, took the boat bows under and in ten seconds she went to the bottom, leaving the helpless» crew to battle with the fierce current, Mr. Sholl and his son clung to a water beaker, one of the crew, Coffee, a good swimmer keeping with them, whilst the wounded policeman held on to an car and managed to land on a small island. The other poor fellow went down with the boat and was never seen after. In the meantime Mr. Sholl ana his son were carried out seawards nothing but a small water beaker between them and eternity. Their case indeed seemed hopeless for, should they escape the sharks with which , these waters abound they must eventually f*~ lose their fragile support from sheer ^jjj fatigue, or should they succeed in working jH their way out of the current to the main. Vf land they would meet death at the hands of the natives. Mr. Sholl now directed Coffee to leave theinand try and reach the island on which Gee had landed, which he succeeded in doing. As Coffee was leaving his companions Mr. Sholl directed his son who was a strong swimmer, to accom- pany him and save himself bus the reply of the noble young maa was : - " No father I will remain and share your fate whatever that ' may be and if we must die we will die together." After floating at the mercy of the waves for four hours they were brought shorewards again by the turn of the tide and atlast reached the main land in an exhausted state, about twelve miles from the camp, for wldch after a short rest, they started. The whole night was spent in travelling, and at 9 o'clock next morning they staggered iuto camp, weary, « footsore and famished, looking more like ghosts than live men, Mr. Sholl carrying a crooked stick in his belt in imitation Of _, a revolver as some slight show of proteo- . tioa should they fall ,in with, natives. Great was the joy of those in camp to see -.. their chief return ; all had given him up for lost owing to the report of Coffee who managed to reach camp the proceeding evening-having left the wounded con- stable on the Island, where I may sar that the poor fellow died before he could be got off. These two sad deaths threw quite a gloom over the camp which was not easily shaken off. After spending about eight months in the district the settlement was abandoned and Mr. Sholl and party removed further south to the Nicol Bay settlement, where, for many years, he did good service and commanded the respect of all classes m that prosperous settlement. I, should/ ""* mention that the ship Calliance got on & reef before entering the harbour and, sprung a leak, which led to her being put ' on the beach after discharging cargo. During the process of beaching a hawser parted and allowed the ship to drift on to some rocks, where she knocked a large hole in her timbers and became a total 4 wreck. Although unfitted for sheep, I / have no doubt that some day the district y*% i will prove rich in minerals. Very good mß specimens of copper were found joBt ^ ?* above high water mark, and I should not > be at all surprised to hear that gold has been discovered in that vicinity._ 