OLD TIME THEATRICALS. Continued) On New Year's day, 1844, the Theatre Royal was again opened. The following are copies of two of the " bills of the play " of the period : — THEATRE ROYAL, MELBOURNE This Evening, Saturday, January 20, 1844. will be presented the favourite drama, entitled MICHAEL ERLE, THE MANIAC LOVER or The Fair Lass of Lichfield MiohadErle .. .. Mr.Knowlea GilUflovrer « ... Mr. Capper Mary Mrs. Knowlea To conclude with a dramatic version of Mr. Charles Dickens' story of NICHOLAS NICKLEBY Hioholas Nlokleby .. Mr. Alexander Ralph Nickleby .. .. Mr, Capper Squeera .. . ... Mr. Knowlua John Browdls M M Mr. Winter Newman Noggi ... Mr. Miller Smike .. .. Mra. Knowles Other characters by the company. Doors open at six, performances com mence at seven o'clock precisely. PRICES AS US-UAL. ROYAL VICTORIA THEATRE, MELBOURNE. Immense Attraction. First Night of a Drama of Intense Interest. The Two Faroes at Half Price. This Monday Evening, Feb. 12, 1844. Will be presented for the first time in the colonies, a musical drama of great popularity, entitled LOVE'S DREAM . OB Virtue Triumphant ! To be succeeded by the highly laugh able farce of WHY DID YO U D I E ? , To oonclude with the highly popular petite comedy in one act. of THE R I V A L PAGES, Characters by the company Prices of admission -Boxes, Four, shillings, half price, Two shillings; Pit, Two shillings, half price, One shilling; Gallery, One shilling, No. half price. - Doors will open at six o'clock, curtain will rise punctually at seven. The reign of Mr. and Mrs. Knowles having come to an end, a change of management was intimated in the ' following notice, which, was placed throughout the city: — ... ., THE ATREROYAL, MELBOURNE. The ladies and gentlemen of Mel bourne, its vicinity, - and the public : . generally, are most respectfully in formed that the. theatre haying under gone a thorough repair in all its branches; ' : . ; » ' : ', Has Opened for the,. Season. It is confidently expected that the; iihprov;ements and alterations tliat have been, effected at considerable expense, will meet wjth the support and patronage of a generous public. . Great care will be taken to 'produce sterling pieces . of the best authors,; 1 and novelties will follow each other, in ' rapid succession. For the purpose of : peace, j order and regularity, there are a' few rules establishe,!, aud it is most \- respectfully aiinohncecl to" the patrons ' of , the theatre that they will be strictly .. adhered -to, and enforced. Smoking, ; on no account in any part of the. house. , to be tolcrated, and it is supposed and to be hoped that the good sense of the . audience will be sufficient to "prevent a repetition' of tliiit ahii'oyahc.e which has hitherto been the subject of com-,, "plaint by every respectable ..person . visiting the theatre".-- First appearance' this season of , - Mr. KNOWLES. ' " " ' First time in the colouy of-,. the cele brated drama' en titled THE TIE ART OF MIDLOTHIAN Tins (Thursday). Evening,' August 15,1844. . Will be produced for the first. time in this province— Dibdin Pitt's celebra- ' ted drama; taken from the work of Sir Walter Scott, and entitled THE HEART OF MIDLOTHIAN or The Lily of St. Leonard's John, Duke of Argyle .. Mr. Alexander Staunton (Geordio Robertson) Mr. Batters David Deans ... .. Mr. Capper Laird O'Dumbcedjkes .. Mr Cameron Reuben Butler .. ... Mr. Wray Saddletree .'. .. - Mr. Davles Hatollfle .. .. .. Mr. MoSIlllnn Black Frank .. .. Mr. Burgin Sliarpltlaw ... ... " ... Mr. Miller Margery Murdochsoa „ Mr. Searle Queen of England .. Mrs. Richards Effle Deans' .. ». Mrs. Murray Jennie Deans .. -Mrs. Cameron Mrs. Glass _ „ - Mrs. Grove Madge Wildfire " .. Mra. Knowles Mrs. Balcbristie . . Mrs. Grove After which the favourite song and chorus from "Jack Sheppard," called NIX MY DOLLY/PALS To oonclude with the ' popular melo drama', entitled. A HUSBAND. , AT SIGHT Characters by the company, ijgf This Theatre will he opened until further notice) on. the evenings of Mon day, Thursday, and Saturday. The doom will be opened at half past six o'clock, and the curtain will rise at seven. Admission— Boxes, 4s. half price, 2s. Pit, 2s. half price, Is. Gallery, Is. no half price. Half price . to Boxes and Pit will commence at nine o'clock. The orchestra- will be under the direction of Mr. Richards. The new act drop, proscenium and scenery have been painted by Mr. Lightfoot, and the interior of -the house by Mr. Miller. Special Notice — A few season tickets have been prepared, appli cations for which are to be made to Mr. Cameron as early as possible. _ The season which opened so prom ising on the 12th of Augnst, 1844, was not a propitious one, and soon came to an end. The Port Phillip Herald, Tuesday, Sept. 10, 1844, thus . alludes to the fact " The Theatre — We regret .to state that this place of amusement is -again falling into dis repute, through mismanagement, and the bad conduct of one of the actresses, who frequently appears on the stage in a state of intoxication. On Satur day last. no. performance took place, , in consequence of the Leader of the , Band, refusing to go. into the orchestra until liis salary was -paid him. As the " Ghost " did not walk — the Leader did off home. (To he continued) W.H.W. .- At the age of eighty-seven the veteraUrdramatist Mr. J. : A. ' Heraud' . is about to publish what he announces will he his last poem, "entitled, The. : Sibyl Among the Tonibs." " Many years ago, he produced a striking eomppsitibn with al: strange title, .which will long be remembered in con- neotion with on'e'of the most caustic rep'artees_ which Douglas; J errold ever uttered. " Have you seen my ' Des- cent- into Hell?' " asked the poet, a - few days after its publication, " No," \- growled, the -wit,- " but'I should , very much like to." - . Mr. Deane Brand and "Miss Kate Chard, both well known in the colon ies, have .been; engaged by Augustus - Hams' for tHe' production,- of a new, and origina.1 comic; opera' by Herv6 at Driiry Laiie, next Autumn. 