C O lili H NT LITERATURE. That "masterpiece" which Mr. It L. Stevenson has been promising his readers is not yet come, but the Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde (Longmans and Co.) will be held by many to be the most suc- cessful of this fascinating writer's efforts in that line where he is best, namely, romantic story- telling. It is better than any- thing in the New Arabian Nights, vastly better thou the body-snatching and dynamite stories, more easy and natural than Prince Otto, which was a tour de force and not a masterpiece. Mr. Stevenson's- strongest points are invention and a certain brilliant precision of style ; his weaknesses are a tendency to morbid imaginations, an over fastidiousness in the choice of words, which leads him to a kind of euphuism, ant! a cer- tain flaccidity of intellect tempting him to mock when he might create, In the little shilling story before us, constructed with ex- traordinary skill, and in a far better, because more natural, style than that which was used in Prince Otto, Mr. Stevenson gives full play to his geninus ¡for the realistic-grotesque. The conception of a man who is able to divide himself into two separate bodies, one of which represents his evil nature and the other his good, is not wholly original, but it is worked out with singular skill and in- genuity. The opening chapters in this weird story are in Mr. Stevenson's happiest vein. This is romance of the truest sort, told with that air of reality and tone of matter-of-fact which are the basis of all good story-telling. The dénouement is particularly horrible, yet with a horror which arises naturally out of the elements of the story. Tho treasure Island, excepted, this is the best piece of work which Mr. Stevenson has given us. Mr. II. II. Johnston, who waa deputed by two learned English scientific societies to ex- plore the mystery of the snowy mountains of Mast-Central Airicu, lias written a most in- teresting lecortl of his labours under the iiumeot The Kdimanjaro kxpidition (Regan Paul and Co.). Kilimanjaro ia lhe ñamo given to a large mountain masa lu hit lid eg. S , about 175 miles from the east coast oi Ali'iea. It consists ot two prinoipal peaka, ol ^which the highest is Ki bo, at au elevation of 18,8001t above thu sea, and the lower-Kitnu wenzi-is lU,2fi01t '1'liey uro both ahuve the snow line, and until something higher has been discovered in the unknown region be- tween Lake Nyama and Abyssinia, us Mr. Johnston believes to be probable, Kiliman- jaro stands us the highest mountain in Africa. To uscend its peaks and to ascertain the relationships of its/mimi and jlora were objects ot great scientific interest, to which tliu Ruyai Society and the British Association dedicated a aum ol £'1,000. It wus thought that a snow-chid inouiiiuiu lying m the equa- torial zuñe, under conditions only paralleled in one other part ot the world, in Central and bouth America, would )ieltl resulta to the scientific exploicr ot singular value. Nor baa tina expectation been dia uppointed. Kilimanjaro, vaguely known to the Portugueao us early us the six- teenth century, waa for a long time only a ni)th to the geographer. The very existence ol u snow-clad mountain sojiear the equator waa stoutly denied by borne Alrieun savants. 'Hie hist European who actually saw the snowy dome ul KibO was Rebmaiiii, aGermiui missionary, who, being a simple-minded mun, as our author sass, "lell on his knees and leeitetl the Ililli I'salm, seeming almost to think that a little pimple on the surface of our tiny plapet was onj of the chiel and, most glorious pioduutiuus of the Creator." Krapr, another German, started to see the wonder, but only saw it 1'iuin a distance of .10 miles, lu spite of these two witnesses, a learned English geographer wrote a treatise to prove, in the most exhaustive and con- clusive ipanner, that Messrs. Krupf and Kell- mann could not have seen mountains cupped with perpetual snow in equatorial Africa, and therefore they did not exist. However, the tact was abundantly proved by aeverul English and foreign explorers, who, in bcorn ol geography, went to see aipl (lid see Kili- manjaro ; and now Mr. Johnston ljas finally cleared up the mystery anti established the existence of Kilimanjaro beyund denial. Starting from Mombusu, on tho coast, with the usual retinue ot Zuir/.ibiiris, Mr. John- ston lins to tell of the same difficulties and annoyances which have attended other travel- lers. These were encountered with great tact and patience, until our traveller reached the little atute of Moshi, on the south Hunk of Kilimanjaro, then governed by -Mandara, a potentnte who plays a conspicuous part in Mr. Johnston's narrative. On the whola Mandara seems to have behaved with unusual politeness and hospitality to our traveller, who was Buffered to form a permanent en- campment on one of the slopes of the moun- tain, and, except during one piiBsing fit ot anger and jealously on the part ot the tyrant, left tree to prosecute his scientific researches. An opportune display of fireworks served to put Jo Dight a hostile army, and established Mr, Johnston's credit ns a great magician. Tvyq asccius of tl)e mountain wera successfully madq, i|i the last of which Mr. Johnston readied an elevation of lfi,315ft, wh/ich vyaa a little more than 2,000ft. qf t|ie suuimjt, and above the snow line. The diflicujtioa'pf the ascent do not appear to have |i,e£n very formidable, anil the results', in the. way uf zoológico,! und botanical treasiirps, wpre quita as great us had bee.n expected. Aftçr a pro loiigedstayatToveifa, deacrihed asqneqf the loveliest apota on earth's surface-a veritable Lotoa-land, which ia ut once a kim) of African Alaatin anti Paradise-Mr. Johnston relumed by another route to the const, skirt- ing tile country of tho dreaded Masni, and narrowly escaping from tile clqtclies of those sanguinary - minded savages. This book, which is charmingly written and illustrated, adds another Jto the now long list of African tours, with their entrancing stones of ad- venture _ Tho Li/e of the Fir» Jteieieml Thomas if. Bmkt, OP., by William J. Fitzpatrick (Kegau Paul and Co), ia a very curious book, curious with a subjective even more than an objective interest. A great many people, we fear, there are who have never heard of Father Tom Burke, 'ho Irish Dominican, and there will remain, we can- not doubt, almost as many who, having heard of Father Tom Burke, will wonder what there was about him to deserve glorification in two thick volumes octavo In Mr Fitzpatricks ejes, however, the Very Reverend Father Burke was a very great man, and a kind of nntional us well as religious Irish hero What is clear to the Lnghsh reader is that Father Burke, though declared to have in- curable conservante proclivities, was a preacher of that very Irish gospel which does not include good will to the neighbours of Ire- land in its teaching Ot the Dominicans, whose glory FatherT'om was, we are ashamed to say that we are ignorant even to the extent of not knowing that it was from the Domini- can system of government, "so beautifully complete," that Washington borrowed when he framed the American constitution. We did not even know that Washington framed the American constitution-but let that pass. This history is chiefly interesting as showing what an enormous gulf yawns between the national Irish and the ordinary British intel- ligence Here, for instance, ia told the story of a life which contains nothing whatever that the ordinary British mind can regard as admirable. Father Tom, it is said, was a man ot great eloquence and of piety, as well as of humour, but if his piety were no more conspicuous than Ins humour or his elo- quence, judged by the specimens here given, we Bhould be disposed to assign him a place in the priesthood corresponding to what might be filled by a more vulgar Spurgeon " Nowhere," Mr Fitzpatrick is good enough to say, " would Tattler Burke have been a greater success than m Australia." This is an equivocal compliment to Australia, con- sidering what was the quality of the very reverend gentleman's humour Among other guts, Father lora had what might be called, to use a word which has lately received a special significance, the gift of tomfoolery. It was neccssarj, says bia biographer, to meet him dining at a friend's on a quiet daj " to see lum m the the full openness of Ins bojish nature. One minute he would be a nun, with the dinner napkin on his head, gently whispering seraphic words ; later on-especially when Borne younger persons joined the purtj-he was the greatest child of them all " He was especially noted for the mobility of lus features, and would twist them about for the entertainment of his friends to that extent that "his face would be Bore for days." In connexion with Bishop Delany "the pair would produce an Italian burhtta, full of richest harmony and humour" so exquisite that had they cared to go more in earnest to work "Gilbert and Sullivan might look to their laurels " Who cures to read any more of this very reverend humourist, may bete ferred to Mr litzpatrick's volumes, certainly among the most curious works of the age The memory of John Newbery, the original publisher of the famous little children's books at the old house in St Paul's Church- yard, is ope which deserves to be kept green His life and labours hale been appropriately commemorated by Mr Charles \\\ elah in A Baoksdln of the JAIII laiUtiy (Griffith and 1 arran) Mr Welsh is i member of the firm which has succeeded to the old business, anti is willingly engaged in maintaining honest Jack Newbery s traditions. The tounder of the house, whose most famous period was between 17"IJ and 1707, seems to have been a very worthy gentleman, with a shrewd turn for literature and still more for business, active, kindly, and intelligent It was he who helped poor Goldsmith in his straits, and tor that good work alone ho deserves to be immortalised He was the purchaser of the original manuscript pt I he Vtcai 0/ irai^ie/tiaswellaaot J he 'J') mella, by which famous books he does not appear to have made much Ile was a vendor of patent medicines also, and probably did far better with " Bowley'a Herb Snuff" and "Hungary Balaam' than with the choicest productions of the eighteenth Century muse Mr YVclsh has brought to/ether in a hand somer! printed book all that is interesting 111 the career of the illustrious founder ot the famous linn at the "Bible und Sun." Mrs Campbell Praed is 11 charming writer, arid lier pictures of Australian life and scenery 111 Jin JJiml Station (Chapman and Hull) ure among the best she has done YVhat we lune to object to in the hook is the in ordinal« amount qt love making it contains We do not know whether there is anything 111 the air of the Queensland bush which tends to amorousness, but tins work, which professes to be a true picture of station life in t|ie North, would favour that; impression 1 he characters all steeped 111 love, moat of which is lawful, but some of which is not There are at le ist four couples of lovesick people, and they sometimes change about as in the ligures of a quadrille, so that while the chief lady is "setting" energetically to one gentleman, she ultimately is clasped in the urina of another, They llirt all about tile place-in the veiand.ahs, in the stock- yard, in the blucklellow's camp, on horse- back, in caves. Generally it is the senti- mental young nntive linly of tree iqanqers who falls in love with (lie imported British swell, with thp silky moustache und well litting clo._l.es, and'something ttbout bim of "romuntio experience." Or it is the pale faced beauty, newly arrived from the saloons of fushion, who (oses her heart to the manly Aus.tra|iiin of bronzed c.o,t)ip|e.\iiui and six feet two iltfilies u( stature, We regret to say that some of the most impassioned scenes in the bool,, us is not unusual with thia writer, take nluce between ii married woman und a "gentleman ot poetic taster,, whose bpok is brought out by a MulbtUHHe publisher ut the same time that he is ottered u position on tile staff of the .-liUi/mlmii. Tho lady, who, being 32 years of agc, ought to know better, is described as of "a nieluphysjcal turn of n\\\n(l," vvlio would spend, lumps oi the, ufför noon "lying htilf-ilrosed, qt |u|| Jengih mi the matting, a. trau,sla,tiqn, qf tile J'lumlo before her, ¡md ti plgtí «Í miiaog^el p.rur,eB. bï her side." Mrs., Campbell I'ftteil is u little eccentric in her botany as well us in her morality, her opening ¡¡cene, b,p'.iig {nitj \\\\\ a balcony festooned with " tim delicate white-llowered rinkti-sporura ''-a somewhat boldly phonetic form of rhyMOn/wmiim. Mr. A. H Wtilhice's essay on JJail WHIM (Macmillan and Co.) did not, we [ire told m the preface, obtain the Pears prize of 100 guineas, on the present depression of trade. The judgment of the public, we fear, will not reverse tile verdict of the Pears cornmittçe. Mr. Wallace is a very distinguished natu- ralist, but he writes like a baby op platters of political economy. According to him, the cause.8 of the present- depression i|i England ure chielly foreigp Joans, war expenditure, jipVi/oiiaircfi, and oyer-specqlatioq. ffis one great remedy ia lund reform, by whjph we take him to mean a more general distribution of landed property. A gentleman who seriously quotes tfie JfiimncitU Jiefarin Almanack us an authority for hjs figures is scarcely en- titled to grave consideration. It is, perhaps, enough to say, as an gnawer to his crude argu- ments, that had times arc just now even more compluipcd of in foreign countries than in. England ; that in France, where the number of landed proprietors is vastly greater, the agricultural depression is far worse than, in Great Britain ; that in the United gtatcs, where there are no foreign loans, and should, be nq war expenditure, at least in the future, the difficulty of living is declared to be as great as elsewhere. And if it is not possible to make agriculture pay under a system of free imports, with capital on a large scale, it is difficult to Bee, how corn-growing will pay when carried on by labourers in small allot- ments. . Mr. 'Wilfrid. Blunt's idea* Abqul India; (C. Regan, Paul, and Co.) are ideas with which it is impossible for ua to agree, being the ideas of a gentleman who knows abso- lutely nothing about the country or (be people. Mr. Blunt is well known as a kind of Mahommcdan fanatic, who differs only from tl)e Dervishes in that he doe» not, dance or howl, except metaphorically. What lie wants is not very clear, unless It is that we are to leave India to herself, that is to say, to chaos oppression, and mi9erj One idea of lus is that ' India is a despotism of ofiice boxes, tempered by the occasional loBSof the keya -an epigram of "a wog' which he quotes with approval Ile is unable to see anything in the BJ stem w hich has given peace and happiness to the Peninsula to an extent never before realised or conceived, except that it ia a foreign Government which taxes the people dishoneetl) A foreign Government, of course it ia -when waa the Government oi India anything else' As to the taxea, they are lighter than they ever were under the Mnlioinmcdan Lmperors or their predecessors. Yurungzebe, who ruled only a halt ot the countr), when it waa much less rich and populous derived a revenue ot 80 millions. lo da), when India has doubled in population and in creased fourfold m wealth the whole revenue is only 70 millions, of which a great part is Bpent in public worl s such na were never dreamt of under the Moaul 1 mperora As to the public debt, which Mr Blunt declarea to be " a swindle, simply because it lias been incurred by a " foreign Government, it is absurd to protend that it is a debt for which that Government, and not the people, ought to be liable, lhe money haa been spent for purposes which her rulers believed to be for the benefit of India As for Baying that " the Hindus do not w ant rail roods, that means, if it moans anything, that we are to give the people only what they want-that ia to sa), to rule thom notac cording to ideas of enlightenment and pro gress but ideas of ignorance and barbarism. Are wo to give the Hindus ever)thing they want? Ihen we ought to restore suttee, female infanticide, and the state endowment of Jugunnath-to permit torture and briber), the marriage of infants, and every other native institution winch is in accordance with native ideas But it ia idle to reason with a gentleman like Mr Blunt, who writes like an infuriated baby The most alarming thing he hn= to say ia to predict that the new Tory democracy will " of neceasity take the Indian peoplo into ita confidence, which is the wors* thing we have heard yet about the new Tory democracy, and must make all good and loyal citizens tremble for the future under Lord Randolph Churchill, the Minister to n horn Mr Blunt, with intempea tive, and we should suppose unwelcome, zeal, dedicates bia book An Old ¡¡tots Brigade, by John Mackay (AV Blackwood and Sons), ia a somewhat too concise and formal history of the famous Macl ay s Regiment and ita deeda of war on the continent under that Lion of the North, Gustav us Adolphus. AVe believe it waa in thia regiment that the illustrous Ritt master Dugald Dalgetty graduated in arms. That it was foremost m all the fighting, and contrt buted greatly to the success of the Protestant cause in Germany we are quit» ready to allow But Mr Arackay makes, perhaps, too great a demand on the credulity of his readers when ho avers that it was ' the principle of !o)al devotion to their King's daughter that led them to enter the struggle Scotland was then a ver) poor countr), and alter the accession of king James to the Lnglish throne there was no emploi ment at home for the stout gentlemen reared for generations in fighting Iherefore they sought service abroad, not bem0 very particular, as this histor) itself tells us, as to the cause for which tiny fought Sometimes it was for the riector, sometimes for the King of I ranee, sometunea for the btadtholder-but al wa) a where there were hard blows of which the Scots got more than their fair share. Hi Mucka) dwella with not more than natural complacency on the gallant achievements of his clansmen and countr) men J lorn the Jan Yard lo the II lute House, by A\ ilhara M Ihuycr (Ho lder and Slough ton), is the story ot General Grants hie, written in a st) le which is detest ible mode up of fanciful dialo"uca and pompous de scriptions such as American reporters love ' If )ou will buy Paul Devores horse to work with ours, I will draw all the logs, brick, and atom was the proposition of Ul)sses to his f ithcr ' He wants to sell his hoi«e ' It will ho the heaviest tob you ever undertook, replied his fathei, ' but it tou think you ran put it through lean buy the horse, v^c 1 hut is the kind ot style which Mr 1 lmjer favours anda wonderlul st) le it is. Hie tone throughout is such us might be used bj someone who was raise! abjive ordinary mortalitv-- a km I of bocratis and Generil \\\iishiii"toii and Napoleon all in one-a tone singularly unsuitid to General Grant, who was a plain, honest, common place man J talma Pot ula) /«it. b) Thomas Irede rick Crane (Macmillan and Co), is a collec non ot inimité interest to the nu thologist I he stones arc translated directly irom the Itali (ti, given ex íctli as the) were taken down from the mouths of tho people heneo the epithet popular as used in the title Hit) are divided into fairy lales, properly auch Nursery lales Legends and Ghost stones, btoaies of Orient ii Or _m, and Stones and lests lhere is a very learned and copious bib!io"iaphv and every tale is col lu,ted with the correspondu!,, mjths lu other languages. It semis impossible to make any such collection muie complete more inter eating ni itself or moie valuable to the scientific ni)tholo0ist ¿owe Hioiigliti 01 Modulation, by A\ol Gustutson (Ke"un laul and Co) is an eloquent anil, forcible argument in tamur of total abstention from alcohol. Mr Gustafsons contention is that physiologically and morally the distinction "between lum who drinks nu alcohol and him who drinks but little is really greater-greater in kimi as well as in degree-itian between him who drinks little and lum who drinks, much it is put per hups, a littlo too barely m tins shape-a man who abstains will never be a drunkard the mun who dunks at all has put himself in the chain of circumstances anti lnlluences which always may, and lery often do, leid to the (bunkun!a debased lite aud dut lionuured graic i he third series of J'otma by Jean Ingle low (Longmans, and Co, ) ci »tunis little that culls for spfcial criticism Hie poem which will be ol most interest to Australians is one tilled Hie Bell Hird in which are some characteristic reminiacencesof local sccuery J i muli and los nom lana land by the l,i"ht lion Lord Braboume (Longmans und Co ) is a, welcome addition to seasonable lib rature, if only for the illustrations by Linley öambourui it is not e!crv one who can u rite tuiry tules and there aie still fewer ulm can draw fairies I hut Mr, Siimbourn" is one of the latter is abundantly shown m Ins charming pic turcs to Kingsley s II al > JJabiti, u new und gorget u^ edition of which admirable piece of imaginative writing has just been published bj Messra Macmillan anti Co Mr Sam bourne is sometimes a little too comic for his story but his marine monsters are worthy of Hie t»Yt Home Wind, by R A Proctor (Longmans und Co \ is a praiseworthy attempt to im prove the quality, ot family whist We cannot u"rce with the author that much better wlnst can be hail at home than is generally to be obtained in clubs «till less can we ngrce with [uni that it is more interesting to nluy for loi« thau for money. But on other points he ia sensible, und his protesta uguinst the prevuiliug Cuvendishism-^especiully us regards the ne\vest refinements, the Amen CHU buds &.c -are timely anti well put II Ud Lie w (. ai am ami iuiroam by Gordon S. 1 tubes (Sonnenschein and Co ) is nu entertaining little book ot truvel and ad i culture m g part of India, winch bus been greatly nOectetl, alm °f which indeed tye know of no other account than this Cinara is the district, rich in lull and valley, which extends ut u long strip near the Ma lubar coa=,t Mr 1 urbes is, a sportsman aa well as a naturalist und from bia position us magistrate of the, district was o,ble to glean many parti ulura of this ' w lid anti beautiful forest region fait mid {leaclte*, bj Nuseby (W Black wood and Souse, is a novel of another order, ot the regular three volume sort pile ot dialogue, wiall Urta old I ngltsh scenery, and about people who live gunnel!) in parks l'lvere appears to he, an increasing demand for this kind of article and Nuseby who, of course, ia ti lady, 13 quite equal to the pro | ductiou I lie An¡/el of Loi», byL. 1 Moade(Hodder and Staughton), is an atti vctivo book for children pi a superior sort, full ot pictures, by f Pym, who isaclour hand ut drawing bubies ihe childs tall -of which thore is plenty-seems to be good though we must feel it to be quite natural tb.it Barbara-a little girl of four-should fail quite to underqtand how that ht r little baby brother has ' got an utigel In mu' inside ot him in these matters, howe! er, it is i|ie children who arp the best critics SMu/une a««" !KXI by A Country Doctor (Regan Paul and Co ) is a pleasant nunn tive of a yachting cruise on the Breton const The author writes 111 a strain of rollicking high «pints, such us yachting men not 111 frequently affect But he is an unusually good specimen of the race J he Hadnal « Dtittffltt r, by a Peer s Son (Longinnns and Co ) is 11 comm mplace story willi a fetching title It is nothing but what anjbodj s son iinji' hu!e written 