FICflOlf. Lady Branksmere. By the Author of ' PirrLiiie,' ' Molly Batot,' 'Mbs. Gboffeet,' 'Dome,' &c.; Chapter XXIX. — Continued. Oblivious of the different storms his words have raised, he rattles on gaily to whoever will kindly listen, and Bads' cover of his converse Bellew once more appeals to Mar gery. ' Came,' he says earnestly. This time without a word she rises as though glad of a chance of escape, and moves slowly, listlessly down the steps into the scented darkness 1 ? j t_ ? 41 ? ? T, ? » J t,„ ? ? _ ? peyuiill. J-u Ducuuc) tts uiuugu vkeiguuu uunu uy suiiie R painful thought, she goes, and he makes no attempt to break in upon her voiceless mood, until most of the paths have been traversed and the hope is home in upon him thai her fears are not to he realised. ' What a fellow your cousin is to talk,' he says, then, with a very successful air of indifference. ' I quite thought by what lie said that Lady Branksmere was somewhere out here; didn't you, eh f' 'I know Tommy and the wildness of his surmising® i better than you do,' returns she, evasively, but a great calm and comfort has come to life within her breast, bom not only of his words but of the fact that Muriel is really nowhere to be seen. How foolish she ytbs to place any de pendence upon any words of Tommy's. One should be badly off indeed for a reliable authority on any subject to go to him for intelligence! With the restoration of her peace of mind retains also her sense of aggravation. Aad it is at this very moment that Bellew chooses to make a rather unfortunate remark. *' You look pale,' he cays, solicitously. I suppose it would have ended very much the same way if he had said she looked red, as her relieved feelings are ambitious of a quarrel ; and, besides, that last insinuation of his on the balcony is rankling afresh in her mind now the greater 1 weight has been lifted. ' I am sorry I can't look like a dairymaid to oblige you,' she says, with an ominous calm. ' However, if my ap pearance offends you I must -try to correct it.' She lifts her hands and administers to her poor cheeks a very vigorous scrub that almost brings the tears to her eyes. A swift, stinging flush rises to her face. ' Now, are you satisfied ?' she asks, irately — the 'scrub ' having hurt her in a measure — turning to 'im a wrathful crimson counte nance. ' I don't know what you mean. I can't see why you If* should speak to me like this,' says Mr. Bellew, in an in I jured tone. ' When did I express myself as dissatisfied j with your face ? To me,' with angry honesty, ' as you | well know, it is the most beautiful face in the world.' p ' There is a certain class of people whom I detest,' returns Miss Daryl unpleasantly, uplifting her pretty nose in a contemptuous fashion. *' You are one of them. Flattery is their strong weapon, and I'm sure you've been paying me meaningless compliments ever since I was bom.' 'Born!' with a rather derisive laugh. 'You can remember since then ?' 'I have often heard,' icily, 'that there are few so clever as those who have at command an unlimited amount of repartee. Experience has taught me that there are also few so — wearying.' She turns upon him eyes that are half-veiled by their long lashes and very aggressive. ' If I bore you,' says Mr. Bellew, whose temper by this L time is almost as agreeable as her own, 'it is most un if reasonable of me to inflict my presence on you any longer. Will you come back to the house, or will you stay here Whilst I tell Halkett ? » ' There! I knew it!' breaks she in, scornfully. | 'Anything like your abominable jealousy 1 have never F yet known! Your rudeness to me just now upon the j balcony I pass over. I am accustomed to it ; but your 1 . rudeness to that very inoffensive person does call for \- omment.' ' How was I rude, may I ask?' ' Do you then deny you were in a raging temper all the time he was — was courteously endeavouring to entertain me?' ' Openly endeavouring to make love to you, you mean,' exclaims Bellew, his long-suppressed wrath now fairly boiling over. 'Do you think I am blind, or a fool, that I can't see through things? I tell you you were en couraging Halkett in a disgraceful fashion, and that he seemed only too glad of the encouragement.' ' I must be a modern Venus,' says Miss Daryl, com posedly, ' to inspire all the different men you mention at at odd times with a due appreciation of my charms. To day it was Mr. Herrick — yesterday Lord Primrose — to night Mr. Halkett. Poor people ! It would cause them some slight embarrassment, I should Bay, were they to be openly accused of their crime.' ' It is not only ? ' begins he with increasing anger, but f she interrupts lum, mischievously. 'Not only those I have named? True! there is still Mr. Goldie, who has also come under your ban. Even that estimable man, that Bmall pillar of the church, cannot escape your censure.' ' To sneer at me, Margery, is not to convince me. I have loved you too long to l-e callous on this point. If an end to my dreamings has come, I would know it.' He lays his hand on her shoulders and turns her forcibly to such a position as enables die pale moon to play more earnestly upon her face. ' It is my belief that at last you have decided on throwing me over, to marry some other man.' 'Which of them?' demands she, shaking herself free of his angry clasp. 'Mr. Halkett, who is head over ears in love with Mrs. Amyot, or Lord Primrose, who has neither eyes nor ears for anyone save Lady Anne ?' 'There are others,' says ne, with a very determined face, ignoring her burst of wrath. ' Than is Herrick and ? ' She has changed colour perceptibly and started a little. ' Yes, Herrick,' he reiterates, in a despairing tons, that is still warm with indignation. ' See, when I mention his Tininft how you change colour.' I ' I suppose I can change colour if I choose. Is a blush I a sin?' she, looking at him from the shadow into which she has wisely retreated. 'No. But I will tell you what is. The deliberate breaking of a man's heart. I have loved you all my life I iii in V — through your scorn and indifference— and you suffered me, only to tell me now you are going to many Herrick.' ? . 'Tarn not going to tell you anything,' cries die, in dignantly, and, to say the troth, a little hypocritically. 'Am I* a Mary Baxter, who 'refused a man before £e axed her 5* — Am I ?' ** Did you refuse him ?' i' How conli 1,' evasively, ' if he didn't give me the opportunity.' « You give me your word le Sid not propose to you ?' Thus driven to bay, Miss Daryl oUcc mgre resorts to righteous anger, 'Even if he aid— if they all did, what is that to your' she demands, with her lovely eyes aflame. .'You are not my father, or my brother, or my guardian, that yon should tain me to task; and certainly you shall never be my husband !' This terrible speech seems to take all heart out of Bellew. Tfa stands, as though stricken into stone, except for the ! rapid gnawing of his moustache. Until this moment, j in spite of his vehement reproaches, it had never seemed : really possible to him that all might indeed be over between ' him and her. Does she mean it V Can she ? His eyes are ? It riveted upon the sward that, sparkling with moonlit gems, j lies at his feet. Will she speak again? Does she guess how he is enduring torments ? If she moves away what is he to do — to follow, to implore, or to resign all hope, finally? The moments fly by unchecked. To Margery, his silence is almost as inexplicable as hers to him. . Jf she repeats the severity of her speech, however, her 1 countenance by no wmh reveals file fact- There is nothing of the culprit about her, no smallest shadow of regret darkens her charming face. 'If,' she declares to hwwlf, with Tni3iTii?ni«hri rage, ' he should stand there, mooning, imffl fho day breaks, I shall not be the first to roeak !' She has taken up her fan and detached it from the ribbon that holds it, and is opening and shutting it in an idle, in consequent fashion that to the man watching her, with moody, despairing eyes, is. maddening. It startles her in spite of her hankering after stoicism when she finds it roughly taken from her careless fingers flung to a con siderable distance. ' Have you nothing to say to me ?' asks he, passion 44 Nothing/' returns stsj calmly, although her heart is beating. ' Do you know you have told me that all things are at an aid between us V He is speaking very quietly, and her heart begins to beat even faster, with a more untamable speed. ' Well !' cries she, pettishly. ' It is all your own fault. I won't have people jigging about after me, and pretending to look the deepest concern when there is no cause for it. There is nothing on earth so tiresome as being asked every moment whether one has a headache, or if one's neuralgia is worse ; or if some iced water wouldn't do one good !' ' And all this,' remarks Mr. Bellew, with mournful reproach, addressing the listening roses, ' has arisen out of my simple declaration that I thought she was looking a little Miss Daryl changes colour, fights a short battle with her gravity, and finally bursts into open mirth. ' I have been a cross goose, certainly,' she confesses , with heroic candour ; ' but never mind. We are friends again now, aren't we ?' ' We are not,' returns he. ' Oh! that as you will, of course,' stiffly: 'but I thought ? ' ' I am your lover,' declares he, stoutly. ' Nothing you could do or say would alter that fact. You can^throw in the friend, and welcome. But your lover I am before and above all else. And so I shall remain whether you wed me or some other man, or if you never marry at aD.' ' Do you know I think it will be that,' says she, alluding to the last part of his speech. ' I am sure* I shall never marry — never J ' ' Small we walk on a little further r ' asks Bellew, in the severe tone of one who wishes to impress you with the be lief that he considers you are talking folly. They Btray beyond the pleasant garden, past numerous groups of wanderers like themselves, and gleaming statues, not always in the strictest taste, to the shrubbery that lies to the right of all these, in the well- planned public gardens so dear to the hearts of the citizens. ' I really think, Curzon,' says Margery, gaily, who has quite recovered herself, shooting a charmingly saucy glance at him from her adorable eyes, 'that there is one small thing for which an apology is due from you to me. What was that little insinuation of yours about flirting, eh ? You didn't mean it— h'm Y' She has the prettiest way in the world of uttering that unspellable question, and Curzon goes down before it. Nevertheless, with a last effort at maintaining his self respect, he makes a poor pretence at not understanding her. ' Flirting!' he repeats, with a vague air that would not have imposed on an infant. ' I'm sure I shouldn't say or mean anything, intentionally, that would hurt you.' ' That's all very well,' replies she, persistently. 'But the thing is, did you mean that? I'm not a flirt, Curzon, am I? And you don't think so, do you?' There is no getting out of this. Mr. Bellew being brought to bay surrenders with the basest cowardice. ' Of course not,' he says hastily. ' I must have— have been a fool when I said that.' ' Only then?' mischievously. ' Then, and now, and always when I am with you,' re turns he, vehemently — perhaps a little sadly. ' I thank you for giving me your choicest hours !' says she, with a little grimace. And then, ' After all, how could I expect you to give me your best, I, who am so bent on being an old maid i' ' You, who are so bent on breaking my heart !' replies he, gloomily. Miss Daryl laughs — a soft tuneful laugh that rings through the cool night air. As she laughs she moves, and parting the thick screen of leaves that hides her from the fuller view beyond, steps on to the shorn plateau clad only with moonbeams, that is musical with the sound of the dripping fountain. As she looks straight before her the laughter dies upon her lips. Her smile grows frozen. There — there in the moonlight — only a few yards from her, stands Muriel, her face pale, ashen, all the marks of passionate despair upon her beautiful face ; and there, too, stands— Staines. Chapteb. XXX. 'Who makes quick use of the moment is a genius of prudence. The M'hole thing is over in a moment* Margery, like one stunned, steps back again behind the kindly shelter of the evergreens, and Curzon (who too has seen and compre hended all) follows her rapidly, anxiously, in her lrnsty walk back to the house. Not a word or sigh cscapes her; yet he, loving her, knows the agony her heart is enduring, and understands but too well the degradation and horror that is possessing her. Her lips have grown white and fixed, her glance is stern, all the Eretty, petulant playfulness seeing killed within her, and er breath comes heavily. Her fingers are so tightly clenched around her fan that he can see through the gloves the very shape of her nails. To induce ner to break through this cruel reserve that is still deeper augmenting her sorrow, becomes to Bellew an imperative duty; and at last, coming to a shaded spot, where they two are virtually alone, he lays his hand gently on her arm, and draws her towards him. ' Don't take it so hardly, darling,' he says, very ten derly, though secretly rather anxious as to how his inter ference will be received. Will she resent it, and turn from his sympathy coldly ? There is a pause full of doubt, and then — all at once — Margery turns to him and lays her head upon his breast and bursts into a passion of silent team. ' Oh, Curzon !' exclaims she in a bitter tone, dinging to in the abandonment of the moment. ' There is a great deal of unhappiness in the world, Margery ; but you must not take things to heart as though there were no hope, no remedy.' He has his arms round her, and as he speaks he stoops and presses his lips softly to her pretty hair. Is he not her lover ? Is she not the one dear sacred thing to him upon earth? ' How can we tell what Muriel was enduring just now? One cannot alto gether stifle one's heart-beats, and if she was bidding an eternal farewell to the first love of her life, we should feel nothing but pity for her.' He is not entirely sure of the genuineness of the picture he hna conjured up for her comfort, but he dreads her dwelling too strongly on the fear that has evidently taken possession of her. And in truth, Muriel's ghastly face and 6 trained attitude might as readily belong to the guilty woman, as to her who is for ever renouncing the one sweet treasure of her past. ' Oh! that I could dare believe you,' murmurs Margery, sobbingly. ' But my heart misgives me ! ' Nevertheless she is comforted in a measure, and presently enters the house again with him, unhappy still, but soothed and softened, and with a vague recognition of the fact that hif tenderness has been very pleasant to her. AH joy to be derived her evening is, however, gone, and fine sub subsides langisily into a fauteuil in an anteroom to wait with listless patience for thefioment when Wilhelmina will Bumpion her to cloak herself aild £«capipany her home. Of two things die remains ignorant, that Mrs. Dgryl had been standing near fhe entrance by which she regained the^all room, and had noticed with wonder the lingering trace? cf distress upon her face, and that Lady Branksmere had fol lowed hanl upon her footsteps, and had re-entered the house almost as she did, and by the same route. Muriel had caught sight of her sitter on her homeward way, and had told herself die never could to devoutly grateful enough that the girl had not chanced to see her at the fountain as die stood there transfixed with horror of herself, with the first terrible touch of despair upon her face. That Margery had seen, and judged blindly but cor rectly of the miserable truth, did not reveal itself to her. I But even now, as she steps again into tL« brilliant glare of the lamps, she looks round nervously, for the slender lissome figure of the girl, and knows a sense of relief when her eyes f ail to meet it. Wilhelmina she greets with a friendly smile, and hardly pausing to notice her expression (which, however, is worthy of thought) moves on to where the laoe draperies of the . windows form a frame for her. Staines, coming to a stand still behind her, looks round him, in torn meets Mrs. Daryl's rather impressive gue. ' Take care ! ' she whispei& in a curious voice ; ' you remember our compact. I will be silent, only so long as you give me no cause to speak.' Elevated by the sense of triumph that is still warm within him, he Hindning all answer to this warning, only saluting her with an almost defiant and certainly ironical bow. -! As you will,' returns she, still in a low tone, ' but at least remember you are warned ! ' He laughs insolently, and flicks from his sleeve with an unembarrassed air a small particle of dust. Something in his manner strikes cold to the heart of Wilhelmina. Is he so sure, then ? Will her interference be of no use ? Has it gone so far as that ? It seems to her at this moment that the other woman is nothing to her, but Margery, she will suffer. The memory of the pretty white face that had passed her a few minutes ago returns to Mrs. Daryl with a vividness that is actual pain. The girl's tender heart will be racked and torn for no fault of her own, but because of ? She becomes conscious that Staines is still gazing at her, with that mocking smile upon his lips, and with a last glance at him, so full of scorn and hatred that it should have warned him though her words failed, she falls back once more into the shadow of die window. Staines, moving up to Lady Branksmere's side, addresses her eagerly. No syllable had passed between them as they walked in a strange silence back from the fountain, but now he ventures to speak. 'At least do me the justice to understand I did not mean to offend you,' he says in a low tone, replete with humility. ' What is offence V' muses she, wearily. ' No one, it seems to me, has power to hurt me, save I myself. Yes,' turning her large eyes fully upon him, ' I exonerate you from all blame.' Her generosity should have disarmed him, at least, for the moment; but such vulgar sentiments are unknown to him. ' Ah ! To be sure of your forgiveness,' he murmurs, eagerly. To her, his eagerness is but a form of honest, lingering regret, and her eyes grow softer, kinder, as she watches him. ' Be sure then,' she says very gently. ' Give me a proof,' entreats he. 'To-morrow, the others are all going to the tennis affair at Lady Blounts'. Are you, too, going ?' ' No ! ' with a surprised glance ; ' I have decided against it long ago. Tennis bores me. But what has that to do with ? 'r ' To assure me of your pardon,' interrupts he, quickly, ' say you will permit me, too, to set aside the invitation for to-morrow, and to accompany you instead in your afternoon walk. I feel that I have sinned in your sight ; that yon might in time leam to look askance at me ; and all such fears mean death ! But if the coming hours hold out to me some hope, I shall surmount my fears ; I shall know there is still life for me. Believe me, I shall not sin again ! ' His whole manner is so deferential, so humble, so mild, that she is touched by it. ' To-night was a mistake, certainly,' she says, 'but, as I have already told you, I absolve you from all blame. Yes ; to-morrow, if you wish, you can walk with me.' She sighs. Indeed, all through her manner there is a suspicion of mental fatigue. Turning her face from him she looks listlessly around her, and as her eyes travel from wall to wall she Incomes at last aware that Branksmere is watching her from a distant doorway with a burning, im movable gaze. She starts visibly, and is conscious of growing nervous and unsettled beneath it. She compels herself to sever her glance from his, but presently is drawn back to him in spite of herself to find he has withdrawn his scrutiny and is now apparently wrapt in contemplation of something at the farthest end of tho hall. There is, however, a set expres sion about his firmly-closed lips suggestive of possibilities hardly wise to develop before an admiring public, and a certain rigidity of jaw that should be marked dangerous. He bad been aware that the flowers his wife held were not those sent to her by him from the moment she had emerged from the cloakroom, but he had been far from imagining whose gift they were until enlightened in a charmingly airy and. casual manner by Madame von Thirsk somewhat later on. To the ordinary observer it would hardly appear that Branksmere was a careful husband, yet the ordinary observer would probably have been astonished could he know with what precision every movement of his wife is known to him. And just now he is chafing silently beneath the knowledge that Muriel has spent the last hour in Staines's undisputed society amidst the romantic acces sories of a moonlit garden. A very tumult of mixed passions is swaying him. That she shall give him an explanation he is determined. But not now. Not to-night. He has written to her, and con sidering to-night's work she will hardly dare deny him the interview he has demanded on the morrow. Already the night is far spent. In a few short hoars he will be face to face with her, and will get an answer to the questions that are clamouring for utterance. Perhaps he is hardly aware with what strange earnest ness his wife is perusing his countenance. Wig dark eyes are half closed and sullen, and there is a cruelty about his compressed lips that ia almost murderous. Muriel, reading him, sees something about him that wains her it will scarcely be wise to bring herself into prominence in his sight so long as she has Staines in her train, bat a mad fit of wilfulness is upon her, and a longing to sound him — to compel him to answer her — to seeif the fire so unmistak ably smouldering within him will burst at her voice into a flame, drives her to reach and address him. ' It is so warm here, it stifles me I' she says to Staines, who has been looking in a contrary direction to hers nn' has not seen Branksmere in the crowd in the doorway. ' Come into the hall.' She moves slowly through the thronged room towards the- place where her husband stands, but as she reaches it she sees he has quitted his position, and either because of her coming, or for some other more ordinary reason, is now moving indolently away from ha-, to the right, towards some disused rooms, not got up in festive array, that still, by means of the balcony outside, have access to the ball room. Possessed by her one idea, now grown obstinate, she followB him — Staines always beside her— into a side room half lit and void of decoration, that had been, originally in tended to make an additional boudoir, but at the last bad been discarded as superfluous. There is a good deal of use less twine and wire flung into the corners, and almost in the centra of the floor a heavy bar of iron lies, that had been thrown there, presumably, when the workmen had found no further use for it. Lady Branksmere, not seeing it in the dim light, catches her foot awkwardly in it, and stumbles. She swavs ner vously, and puts out her arms as if with an involuntary demand for help ; a little rounded 'Oh!' of alarm breaks from her lips. With an exclamation, Staines springs forward and catches her. His fingers dose warmly round her lovely naked arm ; he has forgotten everything but her, even the dark ahndew in the lower part of the room. He is rudely awakened to the present by an arm that, coming between him and Lady Branksmere, hurls him backwards to where the wall checks and supports him. When he recovers himseJf it is to find Branksmere staring at him with an unpleasantly savage longing on his uaric, swarthy face. Staines goes down before that look, and stands, panting heavily, against the friendly wall. Lady Branksmere has shaken herself free from her hus band's grasp, and has moved back from him with a slow, reooiling motion. She has thrown up her small, queenly head, and is regarding him fixedly. Her lips are pale and parted, and her breath comes through them painfully, but her gaze is curiously steady, and in the large deep eyes that bum into his there is scorn, contempt, and hatred, but no fear ! Not ? word Is spoken. A strange, horrible silence seems to oppress all three. At length, when it hag grown almost beyond endurance, Branksmere breaks it. He bursts into a harsh, grating laugh. ' I fear, Captain Staines, that my interference was rather a rough one, he says, lightly, the dangerous devil still lurking in his eyes. ' But when yon remember my excess of zed arose out of my anxiety for Lady Branksmere's safety, I fed sure yon will pardon my seeming discourtesy. One or two old world beliefs still cling to me. I was absurd enough to fancy,' with a mocking smile, ' that I, as her husband, was the one to rescue her in — a crisis such as this.' In deference to the 'lnrking devil,' which is still dis agreeably en evidence, Captain Staines bows an acknow ledgment of this curiously worded apology. ' I had forgotten the strength of my arm. I did not hurt you, I trust ?' says Branksmere, with a laugh, slow and cruel, as he watches the other's discomfiture. Is there a faint threat in his words ? A warning of what the future may contain for the lover who shall dare to come between him and his peace ? He removes his gaze slowlv from Staines and bends it on his wife, who returns it haag^btilv. ' You have escaped this time,' he says, slowly. ' Bui if you will permit me to advise, 1 should recommend you to avoid unfrequented places in the future. Beaten paths aro best. And — one may trip once too often ! ' It would be impossible to describe the rage in her eyes as he finishes this speech. ' Sound advice,' she returns, in a low, choking voice. ' May I hope, my lord, that you yourself will take it to heart r' A pale smile widens her lips for an instant ; a very ghost of a smile. Then, aB if by magic, her whole humour change3, and she turns to Staines with the old, calm, list lessness full upon her. _ ' This way evidently leads no whither,' die says, in differently. ' Let us return to civilisation.' She sweeps leisurely towards the door by which she had entered, and once again enters the world of light without^ Slowly, with an unmoved front, she passes down the long cool hall, dotted here and. there with groups either standing or sitting, who have gladly escaped from tho heated atmosphere within, to breathe more freely in the larger space without ; past statues gleaming from their arfaficial Dowers of sparkling greenery; past Margery, pale, with downcast eyes ; past Lord Primrose, in a shady nook proposing once again to Lady An ne, who once again is giving Mm an evasive answer, the memory of 'poor Arthur ' being present with her to-night ; past all these and many more goes Lady Branksmere, with Staines always beside her, and always with head erect and a calm brow, though in her soul is raging a tumult of passionate wratb that increases rather than dies as the moments go by. C To be continued!) 