MARINE BOARD. HELEN NICOLL-KEILAWARRA COLLISION. The inquiry by the Marine Board into the circumstances attending the collision botween the Helen Nicoll and the Killawarra on the 8th instant was resumed yesterday morning. It was stated that Messrs. Howard Smith nnd Sons, owners of the Keilawarra, had applied to the Board to admit the evidence of Captain Pockley, Captain Ghest, and Captain Vine Hall, as experts, as to whether it was possible, from tho position of the sails and booms of the Helen Nicoll, for those on board to see the Keilawerra's lights. The Board declined to issue summons in the matter, as they intended to visit the vessel themselves and have the sails set and the booms set out, that they might form their own opinions on the subject. Tho president also stated that the City of Grafton, having Mr. Maher on board, was bar-bound in the Clarence River, and that it would be necessary to adjourn the inquiry for that gentleman's attendance. Michael Lawley, a passenger by the Helen Nicoll, was called by Mr. Wieo, with a view to show that the helm of that vessel was starboarded. He said that he was in his bunk at the time of the collision, and that 10 minutes after- wards, when he went on deck, he saw the helm jammed a-starboard. Captain Broomfield thought the evidence was only valuable as being corroborative of any statement Mr. Maher might make of his having heard orders given for the helm to be starboarded. Evidence of what occurred prior to or at the time of the collision would be much more to the purpose. Mr. Rogers objected altogether to such evidence. Some members of the Board said the helm might jam itself if the vessel were going astern. Mr. Wise said that the crew of the Helen Nicoll had been mustered at his request, but he did not desire to call any of them. He had been led to understand that one of them would be identified as having stated that the lights of the Helen Nicoll were not placed in their positions until 10 minutes before the collision. The man who had given them information to this effect had, however, failed to attend, and therefore, he did not wish the crew be detained any longer. The inquiry was then adjourned for the arrival of the City of Grafton. 