MELBOURNE. [FItOM OUR OWN COnSRSPONDENT.J *MELIOURNE, FERIMvan 1. SAs' the Hoblrt, end of your corre spondcnt first secures tlhe pen it is natural that he should talk of the events happen ing beneath his eyes. This process of watching the first pulse beat of a nation is not as excitinga one as you may suppose, and the scene and the situation is very different to that when the fathers of the great American iRepublic gathered to sign the Declaration of Independence, with brows knitted and loins girded. Instead of being driven together by the dread pressure of fear, the colonies are uniting in peace, in place of debating how powder can be manufactured and arms procured. We have had adiscussion in the newspapers as to whether Mr. Service in his or su ing address properly used the word "concussed." Enthusiasm outside of the ranks of the delegates there is none -it least, none apparent. Scarcely any one talks of fedenrtion, or what it may lead to; and even the llobarl Mercury, the leading journal t hell, devotes its space this morning, Wednesday, first, to rebuking WMr. Service for delivering hiis presidential nddress before the Governor had formally *initiated the proceedings of the Council ; and, secondly, to telling the members that they missed their chance of making a pronumciarnento to the world, in contract mg the debate on the Address-in- Reply to two hours, when it ought to have taken two days. It was a curious fact that, through a misunderstanding between the representatives, Messrs. Douglass and Dodds,. the voice of Tasmania was on this occasion unheard. The point, however, has been raised that in future these presidential addresses may be to politics what those of the President of the Chamber of Commerce and Manufactures are to finance, the review of the trans actions of Australia for the year, taking the place of, and being of a cognate character with, the annual deliverance of the' President of the United Statsa of America. This, like many other day dreams, is, I fear, incapable of fulfilment' entil all the colonies have realised that it is to their interest to come into the union and present a united front. So far nas regards the Council, it is per fectly clear that it intends to set to work in a conciliatory spirit. It will be humble: and prudent, avoiding all questions upon J "which there is a difference of opinion, - coercing, or, as Mr. Service would say, .concussing" none of the colonies into agreement with the majority, avoiding all divisions, and seeking to conciliate so that Sthe colonies now standing aloof may be gradually drawn in. The great hope of' the delegates is that South Australia will be drawn in by next year, and if she does it is believed that in the chances and changes of political life, New South Wales Swill also be enmeshed. What those chances are may bo judged from the fact'. that out of fourteen delegates who were present at the Sydney Convention there are but three present in their repro sentative capacity at Hobart, and two 'of these, Messrs. Service and Berry, are already, politically speaking, ghosts. An-' other politican, Mr. Adye Douglass, thel Premier of Tasmania, is practically in the same category, as he is about' to pro ceed home as Agent-General, and the only other members of the Sydney Convention: here are Messrs. Korferd and Giblin,' both of whom have jumped the judicial bench, and are spectators rather than workers. It indicates curiously the habits of mind of tile people to be told that the chief objection to Mr. Douglass going home is that he married his deceased -wife's sister, and; therefore, would not be received in English society. In Victoria 'we are not so scrupulous anent violations * of the social code, though such marriages legal with us are equally unrecognised in lBritain. Although the season is now on the . wane, and already the doews and mist cap Mount Wellington, visitors to Hobartmay be glad to have a hint. I will not adver tise hotels, and the scenery of lake and sea is so accessible to all that it is ' nnecessary to write a guide book rin connection with it. But for visitors who love all forms of sport, who seek to -he enchanted 'with the sight of the nooks where naturo hides her beauty, who would learn whero the trout rise and the wild birds fly, where crag and glen are linked by cataract and mountain night mists are but veiling preludes to the up' springing of glorious highland suns, who wnnt the bracing influence of fresh air, light movement, and exoercise under the best auspices, I would say, seek out Mr. 'Webster, of the Huon coach office in Liver.bol-street, and you will never have a day of ensui in Tasmania. And here,. let it be remarked, that in a small cobbler's. 'shop 'in' Murray-street is retailed that Underwood's antidote for snake-bite, the secret of which was supposed to be lost, and the'vihtues of which are still extolled by thousands of Australian bushmen. The' issue of the first of its series of " Men of the Time" by the Daily Teleqreph has evoked aconsiderable amount of discus ilon. Not that' the portrait of the " Sixth Judge " is not a goodone. On tite. contrary, aportrait of Mr. Korferdis faith fullypresented. Butthoplaeingofahead of ' very large dimensions surmounted by an ' enormous wig, on the body and legs of a 'dwarf, is in the opinion of many folk " slightly inf'ra' dig in a newspaper that Sdesires to be classed in the front rank. For myself I take' objection to this carping criticism. The society journals have so long had a monopoly of this cartoon portraiture, that it comes on the commu Snity somewhat in the nature of a shock to open their staid morning intelligence, and to find drop therefrom a sheet of cartridge paper, on which is depicted tho form and presentment of one of our prominent public men. -Still the Daily Telegraph's picture is in good taste, and with nothing about it :to provoke one to ridicule. Nevertheless, strong exception is likely to be taken to it on the ground that other publio men may fear lest they be noted down so lightly. '?here is nothing the majority of folk dis like so much as the ridicule that attaches to a well-drawn caricature in which, while an unmistakablolikeneos is presented, some particular feature of the face is distorted or exaggerated into grotosquencss. For this reason such efforts as that of the '-)aily Telegraph have invariably proved failures. But though all these circumstances tend to emasculate the policy of the council and minimise its influence, still there can motbo in the mindsofany oneaccustomedto watch tholinesupon whichpoliticalthought travels, the slightest doubt but that we are really spectators grouped around the bed of an infant nation, to become puissant in the days to be. It does not matter by what means the future confederation of Aus tralia may spring into being-for federated it must ultimately assuredly be-or what delay may take place before the accoinm plishment of the perfect unity we look for, yet still the Sydney Convention and the meeting of the first council at Hobart must remain the corner stones of tih structure, and in Australasian history the men now here will find their names re corded as the nurses who stood round the bedside of the' giant child born of fair Tasmania. No .matter what enthusiasm be lacking now, the' federal idea has iti it Sa movement which cannot be stayed-a force irresistible. It moves 'by inchesas the' sea does, weariag" down the rooks, but it has the accumulated force of oceans be hind it. I know so little about ladies attire and ornamentation, that' it is with diffidence I ever write' anything about them. There are mysteries connected withtho " get up" of a fashionable lady that no "male creature" should ever attempt to pene trate. Now and then, however, I am fortunate enough to beplaced in posses sion of certain litt'e bits' of in formation. These I give to your lady readeis precisely as they come to me, nothing extenuating nor setting down ought in confirmed bachel or malice. 'Thus, then I am told that the latest thing in muffs is a perfect bouquet of flowers (artificial of course), the materials being no araanged that when doing, the block the wearer appears as though carrying a bunch of delicate newly picked blospims. In books the latest readable thing is James Payn's " Luck of the Darrells;' an Australian edition of which, if I mistake not, is published by a Melbourne firm. With regard to music our young ladies are all Yearning the Fairy Voices, vocal waltz, made so familiar and popuhar by the Royal pantomime. That last allusion to the theatre has reminded me that wathnpromises to develop into a very pretty little quarrel was com menced in the dress circle of the opera house a night or two ago. On Saturday night " Madame l'Archidue "was produced with a well-known actor in the comic rDle. The cast was not to the taste of the con ductor of is rival theatre, and this dissent he took care to express in very audible tones on the night in ques tion. It so happened that the comic actor, who, by-the-bye, is short in stature, over heard the remark. Then there was the deuce to pay. "Come outside, sir," de manded lie of his six-foot assailant. The invitation was at once accepted, andin the cqfe bar the quarrel was renewed. Small 5i3 the comic gentleman was, lie for some time breathed nothing but blood and slaughter, and it was with difficulty his friends restrained him from wreaking sum mrry vengeance. Those of your readers who have any facilities for pigeon breeding should go into the business at once. For a long time past pigeon shooting has been grow in favour, till now I am assured by the proprietor of one of the grounds, about CO 0 or 700 birds are shot weekly. Now the average price paid for these is 3g. per, couple, so that on the face of it there would appear to be a very decent profit obtairable. At present the proprietors are at their wit's end to find birds for each day's shooting, and Tasmania, Adelaide, and other outside places are laid under contribution. Evidently the Railway Department is anything but a bed of roses, at least for the subordinate servants. First the com plaint comes that the porters at the: suburban stations are tyrannically treated, that they are made to do work on Sunday that could easily be done during the week. Then the guards advance a variety of grievances, and are followed by the shun ters, who feel confident that no branch of: the service is half so badly treated as they are. Altogether the department would ap pear to be in a seething condition of. discontent. Most people were under the impression that this was the very sort of thing the Commissioners were to remedy. But since these advents the complaints have been louder than ever. Many of the civil servants in other departments, too, are looking forward with confident anticipa-' tion to the general elections. Then, say they, there will be a reconstruction of parties and a new Government, and maybe a -relegation of the Railway Commis sioners and Public Service Board. So far, the efforts to aeclimatise, or rather establish, the lager beer industry here have not been very successful. A company which recentlycommenced opera tions has met with a chock, but this is not chargeable to the inability to manufacture a marketable article, but rather is owingto the matter of business management. The aInger which has been made here has been of good quality and there is no reason why it should not become as popular in the colonies as on the Continent and in America, where all the breweries' make a point of supplying large quantities of iti in fact those who aro in a positionto know have expressed the opinion that there is money .in the venture. Doubtless, when once set going, it will not be long before all the lager required in Australia'will be mann factured locally. 