The Kose and tlie K03C CHAPTEE LSH. — Haup's Bedeoojt. Mercy Creswell.ied the young lady by a back stair. She was interested ; everything was so unlike Boydon. .As tliey traversed She passage lerwiine to the ball the sounds of music again sweQed faintly on her ear, and^she saw servants going to and fro in the corridor, to the fuss and jostle of trays, ieas, and elmei^eup, glasses, soup, and iya cups. ' * : Up the stair went Sland and hetfemme ic chxnabre, and the sounds died. ou*. The stairs and passages were lighted rather dingily by sraall muffled lamps, -which seemed to be. fixed in the ceilinjre. Only at two points, on the level which they had now reached, a yard or two apart, did they encounter any Jiving persons. They were a pair of strong middle-aged houseraaids, who, eacii in turn, stopped and looked at Sland \nzb a transitory and grave curiosity as she passed. ' Isn't she pretty, poor thing ?' eaid the fatter of these two to her companion. 'Pretty and proud, I dare say; 'tis a good house she's come to ; it won't do her no harm, I warrant you,* answered the darker-visaged and leaner woman, i ollo-sring the young lady with a half-cynical smile. They were now in the long passage through which, a fevr nights before, Mr. Kalkin bad approached nisrooin. A man in a^ wajsteoat with black ea\ieo sleeves to it seemed to be awaiting them at the ether end, leaning against the great door that closed the perspective, with his arms folded, and one leg crossed over tlie other, an attitude in which, we have seen ostlers emoting in innyards at stabledoors. Seeiiig them, tlie ciaa stood erect, with, the key in his fingers; ' This way, please, Miss Maud,* said Mercy, pushing forward, .as she observed the young lady hesitate, as if doubtful whether she was to pass that barrier. * Miss Vernon, A A, Fourteen,' said Mercy briskly, to this janitor, who forthwith opened the heavy door. They saw now before them the continuation of tlie long gallery which is interrupted by this massive door. The man held out his hand as she gave him a little printed cheque ; lie looked at it, and said : ? Yes, all right ; AA, Fourteen.' And he opened the first door .to the left. On a little disc of ivory sunk in the doorpost were the number and letters, but so small that you might not have observed them. At home at last ! There was Bliss Vernon's lnsrgage on the carpet. A muffled glass lamp, the same as those she had observed in the lobbies, only much more powerful, shed a clear light over every object in the room, from the ceiling. A dressing-room opened from this apartmtnt to the ri?ht, and beyond that lay Mercy Creswell's room, acces sible in turn l-y a door from the dressing-room. Each, of these rooms was lighted in the same way. * Would you please like a bit of supper or something first, miss?' ? Noiliing, thanks; but perhaps you would, Kercy?' *I had my supper, miss, thanks, at the Pis and Tinder bo^ Servants never sups so late, miss ; it is against the rule of the house.' The young lady, in her dressing-gown and slippers, sat before the glass, with her lone, thick hair about her shoulders; and Mercy Creswell stood by, brush in hand, trranginc it. When all this was over, the young- lady, beginning 10 leel a little sleepy, was glad to go to her bed. A double cord, with a ring like an old fashioned handle of a bell ropo, hung by her bed, and the use of this Mercy Creswell explained. Drawing the cord in one direction had the effect of moving a shade under the lamp in tlie ceiling-, and of thus reducing the room to darkness, and in the opposite direction of removing this shade again, and re admitting- the light. Having tried this two or three times, and found that she could manage it perfectly, sue dis missed her maid, lay down, aud drew the shade ; and the room being in total darkness, she addressed lieraelf to sleep. She turned on her side, and lay still; but in vain she tried, and exhausted all the common expedients for inducing sleep. They all failed. Tne silence was intense, and more unfriendly to sleep than some little hum of distant liie might have been. On a sudden her ears were startled by a loud and hor rible sound. Close to her door, in the gallery, there arose a howling and weeping, and a elaSig at the bolts of the massive cross door. This was followed by loud ironical laughter. Then caine a'silence, and then more of tho same slow, jeering laughter, and then another silence. Maud had started up in her bed, and sat with her heart throbbing violently, almost breathless, listening with the chill of terror. To her relief this horrid sound nest time was heard at a comparative distance. She heard other men's voices, now in low and vehement dialogue, and sounds of shuffling feet, of gasping, tugging, and panting, as if a determined struggle were going on; once or tv.-ice a low laugli was heard. ; and then came a yell, loud and long, which seemed passing farther and farther away, and was soon lost ..quite in the distance ; a door clapped, and the place was silent. For some minutes Maud was afraid to stir. But sum moning courage she sprang from her bed, intending to lock the door. But she could discover neither lock nor bolt ;but, to her comfort, found that it was nevertheless secured. She made her way to the window, drew tlie curtain, opened the shutter a little, and looked out. CKAPTEB T.xn 1, — Mobs Sights akd Sounds. The window from which she was looking was as nearly as possible over the door through which she had entered tlie house. Some half-dozen men, with their hats on, 'were waiting on the broad walk before it. Two or three more in a short time come out from the house and joined them. The three gentlemen dressed in those black cloaks, with which undertakers drape chief mourners, entered the terrace walk, from the point at the left, at which the door from the courtyard communicates with it. They were walking very slowly side by side, and he who was in the middle had a handkerchief in his hand, and appeared to be weeping. They passed the window, and the group of men on the walk drew back toward the house as they did so; and the three gentlemen in black continued to walk siowly up and down that portion of the promenade that lay to her left The group of 'men who are standing before the door breaks up ; some half-dozen go into the liouse, and only three remain were they were. A man whose square build looks squarer, as she looks down upon him, steps out. He looks along the terrace after the three men who are walking down to it. He looks up to wards the moon. There is no mistaKin; that pale face, with the jet black beard. He is AntomarchL The three gentlemen turn about, and are now approach ing him. He advances two or three steps towards them, end takes off his hat, makes a particularly low and cere monious bow. One of these gentlemen advances at a quick pace, makes a bow in return, and they talk together. Tlie other two continue to pace, as before, slowly up and down the walk. Antomarchi approaches the door, and the gentleman who joined bun a few minutes before is at his side. They stop. The three men who were lounging near the door are sud denly, as it were, called to attention. Antomarchi waves bis hand slightly toward the door, and says something to his companion, who turns about, and at his quickest walk rejoins his two friends. These gentlemen, hearing what lie says, stop and turn , about, and slowly walk toward the door. There is some little fuss there -, £rst one and then, another mm emerges : from it and returns, and now, with white scarfs and hat bands, bearing a long coffin on a bier, come forth tlie men who had gone in first. A man steps out last, and shuts the door softly. Is it Darkdale? She can't be quite sure. ; It* is not easy to distinguish, colors, at any distance, Dyimoonlig-ht; but Hand thinks that this coffin is covered with red velvet, and that the large plate and big -nnils upon it are gilded. . Immediately behind this coffin the three gentlemen wall^ and Antomarchi after them, tall it disappears round the corner of the house, away to her left, at which the door ehe tad passed that night gave access to the courtyard. Maud left the window, and drew the shade from the lamp, and in a moment the warm light filled the room cheerily. Closing the shutters, and drawing the curtains, she sow bethonc-ht her seriously of the necessity of getting a little Bleep, if she was not to look like a ghost next morning, which certainly was very for from her wish. So intoher bed she got again, and drawing the cord once more, the light vanished, and .she lay down determined at lost to go to. Bleep. Ail -was profoundly silent again, and 'Uaxid wasnow, after the lapse of some eight or ten minutes, beginning at last to feel the approaches of sleep, when she fancied she heard something brushing very softly by the great armchair near the side of her bed. She listened intently. She heard in a little time a slight click, as if a trinket or coin was stirred on a table near. There was no other noise, and nothing Tery formidable in that. But still she could bear the uncertainty no longer. The darkness and silence were oppressive; she put her hand out and -drew the cord, and in an instant the soft light from the lamp in the ceiling filled the room, and dis closed (every object. ?? She was not alone. A figure, perfectly still, was standing about a yard bom the side of the bed, toward the foot. She stated at it for some time, hardly believing that what she sawwas real, before she recognised in the -short squat person in. a woollen nightgown Mercy Creswell. ?TVhat-do yon want here?' demanded Mass Maud. «I did not caU for you, ana I think I should have been asleep by this time, if you Sod remained quietly where you were. What aoyou want?* - ? ?I? I came, miss— what I wanted was— I came to Bee was yon sleeping comfortable, having l-esn, as 7011 -was, com plflinijigr*ol your nead.* ? ^ . 'Wdl; don't mind trving to see in tiva &uik; any more, please. I wonder yon did not tumble over the furniture. You'd have frightened ma out of mj wits if you had; I have been madejBo awfully neryons. There -were each horrible noises in the jrnllery, just outside any door; and I hardly got over ttot, is-iien, of aU things in the world, a funeral passed out of this house.* - 'la! though, rcalbj , miEsi' : ' Yes; Tenlly, such n grisly idea! Didn't you hear flie people Tinder Jl-e windows? . Wiat areyou made of? But you jaust have nesrd the person who made a hideous up roar in thefcallery-'* ? Maud paused with her eyes upon her. .'Well, I heard this morning there's a servant of one of the great people here that's got fits and raving, saving youv presence, miss, from drink.' * But what about the funeral ? You were here this morn ing, and know the servants. It was evidently some person of rank, and you must have heard of it. A person of that^ sort could not have been lying dead in the house, -without vourknowini something of it.* * Well, no — really, miss, I knew there was some one, I forget his name, a lord, I do believe, lying very liad, some days ago, and gave over — and most like it is the same — but Lady Mardykes, she'll be here in the morning ; she can tell von all about it.* 'Well, as you -say, I shall probably know all about it from Lady Mardykes to-morrow, and now really you must go ; and pray don't return till it is time to call me in the morning. Good-aight.J 'Good-night, miss.' And the maid withdrew. * Well,' thought Maud, as she lay down, ' I have heard that Lady Mardyes keeps an odd faonse 3 but anything like this could anyone have conjectured?* (TO BE CONTrSTIED.) 