'-interna tional notes: : . fPROM our pwjf coniiasroiinxNT.J / LONDON, 5to February. . interitotiroM pea<». has, been fully restored, although its , permanence cannot ho assured.- The now Foreign and Colonial Ministers— the Earl ; of Rosobery and ; Earl Granvillo— do not sneceed fo.any of tho. difficulties usually passed; from one administration to another, . There has been a great deal of foolish talk ahout tho pro bable reversal of Lord .1 Salisbury's foreign policy, butif any hitch occnra it will not be from England's initiative. Lord Rosobeiy starts with a clear record, an' uuinked quire of foolscap, and a spotloss blotting pad. Ho , has . nothing to retract,' no old lovo to discard, and as ho is not a fool ho will . not go out . qf his way to crcato difficnlty. Equally foolish, on tho. other hand, are the favorable prognosti- , cations of his .success from tho small circum- stanco that ho and young Bismarck aro personal friends. A foreign secretary is apt to find" such ties -inconvenient ; hut the point - is a small ono. Only ono doubt rainaius in tho fact that his Under Secretary has not yet boon named. If some old stager bo ap pointed, there will bo a danger of his exercis ing more than his fair share of influence. But Lord Edward Fitzmaurice, Lord Granville's sub, is no longer in' the Hons, of Commons, and Sir Charles Diiko, while his criin. con. caso is before the courts, holds aloof from office. It may be that the vacancy is kept for him in the hope that ho may obtain a favor- ablo verdict before tho Ministerial re-elections aro completed. In that caso lib might become a greater power in tho Stato than his chief— a contingency which might work favorably. As for Lord Granville, it is not to be expected that he will tako much trouble about the colonies, and his appointment is not to ho looked upon with satisluctioa ; but ho is as good as cither Lord Derby or Colonel Stanley, and wo must go' a long way back to' find a really efficient 'Secretaiy for tho Colonies. His mouthpiece in the Com mons-will bo Mr. Edward Wodctionse, ' momber for Bath, respecting whom alio most noteworthy, fact is that he got into his seat by a very nar row majority, 'and will ho iu danger of losing it on a second appeal. .Unless' he has accepted office withont salary his case is a desperate one. Bath is ono of - tho few double seat coastitucu- cics, and tbo representation is divided-— a Conservative having been returned at tho top of tho poll. Mr. Wodehouse in reality secured liis second position by a mere fluke, and his acceptauco of ofiico without salary would bo a- confession of weakness, not only, on his part, hut on that of the Govern ment, But all may yet go well. If any foreign or colonial difficulty should arise, it will bo oa some point not yet foreseen. It would bo a matter for surpriso if tho af fairs of Irel .nd Bhould bccomo intcrnatioual instead of provincial. Of course the Irish aro entitled to somo measure of hoino rulo, hut not" through a soparato Parliament representing tho whole isiaud, both north and south. It docs not require much pouctration to pcrcoive that the returu of Air. Gladstone to power will havo tbo offocl of postponiug rather than hastening a settlement. Even if the Commons should dc- cido in favor of au Irish Parliament, the Lords will he justified iu throwing out tho measure, on tho grouud that tho whole country of the United Kingdom has not yet boon asked for a decision on the question, if after an appeal to the constituencies the decision shonld he in faTor of a Parliament in Dublin — not a very likely evout— the Lords 'will yield. Without such sanction it will be their duty to stand firm. Tho question will have to be dealt with by a now House of Commons. There is much yet to ho done before the af- fairs of tho Balkan States can ho regarded as settled, although there is no immediate prospect of auy breacli of the peace. Bulgaria uud Ronmelia are safe, and Russia will havo to sub mit to tho consequences of her blunders. As mutters stand there is a firm alliance be- tweon Turkey ' and . Bulgaria— tho Czar's scheino for .establishing a virtual suzerainty orerthe latter having broken down from liis own mismanagement. It is hardly, conceiv able that Austria will allow Scrvia to fight again. Greece nover bad a ghost of a case. Thcro has .been- a- great deal of loose talk about her "claims;" but what these are nobody knows; 'and 'Greoce horself cannot fofmulnto them. Sho merely 'claims the right to holp Herself in any scramllo that niay'tako place. It is a pity, however, that somo better means of keoping her quiet than that which has been resorted to has not been hit upon. It is al ways a matter for regret to sec small States put down by superior force, but if thoy will uot be have themselves they, have no right to look for friendly treatment. Meanwhile, tho peace negotiations are going on in Roumania. Delicate handling of difficult questions is required, but justice will not be done if Servia is not punished for breaking tho peace. Bulgaria has a right to demand an in demnity for unprovoked trespass. If the asso ciated powers shirk their duty in dealing with those points they will disgrace themselves. Thcro must bo a compromise ; hut it will nover do . to let crime go unpunished. If Servia is allowed to go scot free, .Bulgaria will have to pay a penalty for doing what was right, Here is an opportunity for Lord Rosobery to show of what stuff he is mado. Ho cannot ba expoctcd to control tho other powers, but if they go wrong ho can at least place on record a . vigorous protest. la any cose, Scrvia is likely to escape with n'lighter punishment than she deserves; but punish! meat thcro must, be. . Franco and Germany have arrived at a settle ment of their conflicting colonial claims in Africa and tho Pacific ; bnt of course the agreement is only in force us between them selves, and cannot dispose of the claims of other powers. Tho Kampo River,' wbich falls into the Bight of Biafra, botween Gubooa and tho Kameroons, is ftccd upon as the boundary between thioir ' respective protectorates. "On tho Slave Coast, which lies between the Gold Coast and Lagos, France recognises the protectorate of Germany over the Togo territory, Porto Segnro and Little Pope. A mixed commission is to be appointed to mark out the boundary, starting from a point ou the coast between Littl.0 Popo and Agouff— tho latter, presumably, belonging to France. The vciy first colony claimed to bavo been established by Germany, namely, at. Kupitai, has been relinquished, aud the prior protectorate of France acknow ledged. It is well that these small matters are so far settled; but the next item in the protocol is a serious one. It runs thus : — "In the South Seas Germany engages to do nothing , calcu lated to prevent France from occupying the Now Hebrides." This clauso appears to bavo been lugged in witbont rhyme or reason. Ger many, has no claims on . the New Heb- ridts, and has nothing- to give away —nothing . to relinquish. Why, then, are the New Hebrides mentioned atoll? France has avowed to England that sbo has no inten tion to annex the group, and yet hero we find her negotiating with Germany as if such was her intention. This looks veiy mnch bke double dealing, and it, clearly devolves on Lord Granvillo to damand an explanation, or to set Lord Rosehory to do so. Will cither of them act in tho'mattcr? If not, the Australian colonies will have tho right to ask — why not ? Franco has got out of her troubles in Mada gascar in a way which suggests tho question why she overwent to war. > She commenced with declaring a protectorate over the Salts- lavas, and denying tho right of the Queen to interfere with that port of the island.. She ends' by acknowledging the rule -of < the Queen over the whole of the.ietmntiy with. 4be- . exception - of - a , small bajr and two or: three!- nflqa ;yoim4!4ie:-fih? acquires ,/Mne right of ioterfereifce over the Bidehce arid if juHrtiction wKorbVriiik mo concerned'; are; also secured . ;q|yl rights were" previously conceded -fa ' men, American -ahd/Germans out ; except. , : some unmeaning phrajj, .fl placing l at- - tho V QaeenVli-'Sjli required . tho eervices ' of tor I'm advancement of eiviiistfrn/o-jB . W. to ;be .no indomnity - fori? anvttisi by or to each, other during the w&teraM; requisite to provide a fund. to ihdeSiJH Enghsbmen, Americans (ffidi.persraj of 3 nationalities., whose interests have juriousbr affected ' by the WarlikS Hons, Madagascar . agrees "to - reJaM £400,000 for this . purpose, . is so loosoly -worded; thkt' It' doubted whether it ohlwt t. -V. gratify French susceptibilities thau'to rirS a settlement of the affairs of tho two eoH Indeed it wis for a time; suspected thittfl were tyo treaties in existeucc, bus <££ the other to servo as a guide for the affaire. This idea is not quitbhiiutoB so for at least as regards -.'!9 promises that the etipalationi bo strictly enforced, ' Tho. amouit bf« nominal ludemnity, for instance, "niaf B show fignro which is not likelyercr totefl required. The treaty stands as there may be an agreement or --IriilliinrM to Hs interpretation which may never « light of day., Tho French prem and JM are by no means satisfied with the nfl although they are glad that .the qiiatrriB an end. Strange to say they Ate most mufl at the fact that tho negotiations JuveheeulH cessfully brought to a closo thwugbtho i mentality of an Englishman;. There iil one danger YMusiiiiiig'.-imii'iji phraseology, for it is open to dtho pat a broader interpretation to the ulM intended than tho words will fairly hear, . xS ouo of tho reasons for surmising "that crat understanding exista ou somoppuiu, Republique Frail faise arrives at the coKhjH that in the main nothing/is . ceded ic Fbl but that, on the contrary, it is Priuee uhfl nouuees much of what she claimed, aatiS what she occupied. This is i of the situation, the treaty has not jet fl discussed in cither of the chamfei H there appears to bo an . jindmiufl that the- least that is siid-JiB the matter the better it will he for all ib&H; Meanwhile, Franco will occupy TamaUreS tho indemnity fixed is paid. Iu ifi respects the war and the blockade an iS end. r.-H There is some unexplained delay in thB parture of M. Paul Bert for Anam. fie fl ho merely resident, uot president, of ifcbH tented territory, so that it is, difficult toiaB he is, to accomplish . the grand schentenl he has beeu dreaming about, Prince Bismarck has been in a towWingjH sion with the Reichstag for; the way iatH it consnred him for his anti-Polish opsH and for its refusal to supply him with idtH funds for carrying on a spirited colonlji Ho so far forgot himself as to utter which were, interpreted to. mean.thai i>e| torn plated a coup d'etat. lie. thought IxttjH it afterwards, however, and be coudewodl explain that lie merely meant that le'H apply , for funds to the Landstag aai't| subsidies from tho provincial i goveninH Tho explanation was, of course, actepielH it cannot be said that "cordial relitinul been restored. - / 