V.A.T.O. RACES. . 7 CAULFIELD CUP DAY. (BY-TKLEGRAVII.) ' (from our special reporter.) Melbourne, Sunday.— Yesterday saw the spring meeting of the V. A.T. Club brought to a conclusion; and although the weather was dull and showery towards the close of the afternoon tho fixture was in every way a decided success. Thle attendance nnmbered upwards of 20,000, which is larger than was over told of at Caul- field before. The course was in splendid order, and the running fgood enough to satisfy any body." Both stands were full to overflowing, that in 'the saddling paddock being far too small ; and the ladies mustered iu such great force that a large number failed to find sitting accommodation. ' Mr. George Watson was not altogether a success with the flag, the Selling Race and "Windsor Handicap fields being sent away on anything but even terms ; aud several ruuncrs for each were left with out a show directly the word was given. It was different, however, in the Cup, which was one of the best starts I ever saw. Punc- tualto time the. bell tolled out its summons for the opening event — the Selling Race— and Honora was installed favorite ; but the owner of ' Toronto, stepping in, backed the son of Cameo" with such force that be wont out with a slight call over Mr. "WTnttinghain's mate. The latter was favored by a bad start with Ariel, who made the running to the home turn, where Toronto came through and, lasting longer, won easily by two lengths from Honora. Tichoorne was a bad third. The winner was afterwards bought in for £1G0. The most interesting race of tne day, perhaps, was the Caulfield Stakes, which brought together such good ones as Sheet Anchor, Malua, Isonomy, Grace Darling and the Nun, besides several others, and as Malua looked fresh and well he was made a strong favorite with evens oulyiagainst him. Isonomy, Grace Darling aud Sheet Anchor were each. fancied by a select few. Mr. J. O. Inglis fode Malua, and is reported to have backed him for a small stake. The Nun made nearly all the running to the home turn, where Malua went- in command and led into the straight. He was challenged below . the distance by Isonomy, who beat the crack home by three parts of a length, and The Nun was only half a length away for second. The result must not be taken as a true test of the capabilities of Malua and Isonomv, as, good horse though the latter, is, Malua ought to have won easily. A slight demonstration was noticed against Mr. Inglis when he returned to weigh in, but it died out quickly. Malua when pulled up had neither whip nor spar mark on him, and his rider attributed defeat to being bored in on the rails by Isonomy. It will be remembered that Malua, when ridden by Mr. Inglis, ran nowhere in the Caulfield Cup won by Blink Bonny, but a fortnight later, with Robertson in the saddle, carried 9st. 91b. and beat a rattling good field for the. Melbourne Cup, and it remains to be seen whether there is to be a repetition of it. Eighteen two-year-olds saddled up for the Nursery Handicap, and the Foal Stakes victress, Hortense, was made favorite at 2 to L iBedouin, Lady Lovell and Probation were the only others fancied to any extent. Julian Grey, Firebrace and Lady .Lovel were favored by a bad start, Hortense being one of tho last to leave the post, bat she made up her ground in surprising fashion, and was only beaten by a short neck by the New South Wales-bred filly Lady Lovel. The winner is owned by Mr. Clis- sold, and was bred by Mr. F. Reynolds, being got by The Drummer from Paradigm, by Peter Wilicins out of Reflection, by 1 Augur, and is en gaged in the Maribyrnong Plate. The withdrawal of Little John and Mnroney reduced the Cup field to 18 runners, and with the exception of Bonnie Doon every one was backed. As a rule, they were a lot of well- conditioned horses, those perhaps that looked best being Britisher, Silvermioe, Ben Bolt, Bnrrilda, Recall, Millstream, Fimt Consul and Islander. Boolka was a trifle bigj and Remus, TaTpeia, Mentmore and Lcsbla were light, the last-named pair moving a ; trifle short in preliminaries. Silvermine's friends sever wavered in the slightest in their alleg- ance to' the grey, and he went ont a strong favorite at 3fc to 1 against him. Both Boolka and Britisher hardened to 7 to 1, aud Recall and "Ben Bolt to 8 and 10 to 1 respectively. The actual race requires but little description, as Jim Cain unseated his rider at the first turn, and Boolka, St. John, Zeno, The Levite, Mentmore, Britisher, Recall and Bonnie Doon all occupied prominent positions till the half-mile post was reached. Here Silvermine began to creep up, followed by Ben Bolt, and the pair were in pretty close attendance on Britisher when he led into tho straight. Half \- way up the rails there appeared to be nothing else in it but Silvermine and Britisher, and the former seemed to hold theBallarat horse safely, but at half distance Ben Bolt made a great run on the outside, and challenging the leaders 60yds. from the post eventually got home a short neck in front of Silvermine, who boat . 'Britisher by a long neck for second. Silver- mine tired in the last 100yds., and as he finished on new ground had somewhat the worst of the running. The win was hailed with loud and prolonged' cheering, Ben Bolt having under- gone his preparation at Caulfield, and, bar perhaps Silvennine, he was the worst horse the ring could have bad to win. When the weights .appeared he . and Silvermino were sorted ont as the most leniently treated of the lot. The winner is owned, so rumor says, by a well-known sporting doctor in Melbourne, who won a very big stake, and the followers of Kelly's stable also threw in for good amounts. He is a five year-old horse bred in Queensland 'fcy Mr.iFinnie, and got by Newbbld, by Kelpie from Lady Baldwin, by the Drummer out of Britannia, imported, by Cathedral, and is engaged in the Melbourne Cup. at 7sfc. 101b., in cluding. a penalty of 101b. He has per formed as follows : — Nowhere in AJ.C. Ep som Handicap, 8st., won by Folly, 7bL 7lb.; third in the Squatters' Handicap, 7st. 21b., won 'by Oatcake, Gst. 101b.; nowhere in Sydney Handicap, Gst, 121b., won by Wing, 7st. 121b.; nowhere in Free Handicap, 7st, 41b,, won by ' Cerise and Blue, 6st. 71b.; third iu Summer Cup, fist. 81b., won by Tempe,»6st. lOltw second in Tattersau's Cup, Gst. 61b., won by Tempe, 6st 131b.; won Carrington Stakes, Gst. 111b., and jran nowhere In Richmond Handicap at Caul field with 7st. 121b„ won by Maroney, 7st. Neither Bnrrilda nor Zeno was ever dangerous. : After the excitement subsided, a dozen runners went out for the Steeplechase, and public Opinion favored most Blackthorn, Havelock and Sir SamueL The race, which was run very fast, was one of the best ever seen in thiB or any colony till within a quarter of a mile from home, when Contingent drew out and won easily, and Havelock, Victor and Sir Samuel fell, but the horses and riders escaped unhurt.. Then came 22 runners for the Windsor Handi cap, with which the meeting concluded, aud when the wagering ceased/Don Giovan and Toronto were made favorites at 5 to 1 against each. TheJormer occupied a good position all tho way, and when William Tell looked like winning, came out and, cutting him down with a. short run got ' home easily by a length, Toronto being third. Mr. Bond had the saddle cloths numbered in each race so as to corres pond with the horses' places in the book, and as the figures were large enough to be dis tinguished from the stand, the idea was a good cue and much appreciated. The racing came oil as follows : — . selling race, Of 100 fcovs. Five furlonps. Toronto (late Otranto), by Maribyrnong— Cameo, 6 yrs., 7«t. 2lb. (Horry) .. \ Honora. 6 vra., TsLSlb. (Power).. .. .. 2 Tlchborne, 6 yrs., 7bt..71b. (Etherldgo) .. .. 3 Other cturtors : The Baron (Qaiuo), Mistake (Benee), Seaweed (Williams), Oadland (J.'Bence),. I.andshatk (Brett). Metcngredu (Churchill), Arlul (Harbutt) and Bouire-et-Noir (Fountain). . t , Betting : 2 to 1 v. Toronto, 6 to 2 v. Honora, 6 to 1 / W.Ariel. . ' Alter a 'little delay the word was given to a had start, Cadlnnd, Honora and Toronto jumping off first, attended by Tho llaron, and Honora took up tho running and led- past the half-mile ! post ; with Ariel and tho 'pnirwerc Reading Seaweed, Tlch borne and tho favorite, t This order wis un changed almost -nil the way into the straight, bnt when well In the mils Toronto entne out, and challenging Honora nt tho half distance, cut her down rather easily find won by two lengths. Tich- borne was a bad third, aud then enmo Mistake, Ariel and Baron in that order. Time, liulu. 4scc. The winner was bought iu for £100. caulf1kld stakes Of 200 sots. One mile one furlong. Isonomy, by Winterlake— Ruby, 4 yrs.. 9st. and lib. over (Qainn) .. .. .. ..1 Mains, aged, 9at. 41b. and 41b.£over (Mr. J. O. Inglis) ..2 The Nun, 3 yrs., 7st. 61b. (Fiddcs) .. . 3 Other starters : Young Homtio (Martin), 'Sncct Anchor 1 (O'Brien), High land Chief (Moore). draco Darling .(Williams), Opal, 61b. .over (Wood),- and Retort (M'Mohon). Betting : Even on Malua, 4 to 1 v. Isonomy, 5 to 1 v. Grace Darling, 0 to 1 v. Sheet Anchor. A good start was effected, from which Isonomy and The Nun showed first to the front of Highland Chief Ifalua.and-Opal, (Young Horatio J being last. At the milo-pOAt Mnlua and Retort were leading Sheet Anchor half a length and The Nun and Isonomy were heuiis'-and tails for fourth aud fifth place. A little farther on The Nun and Highland Chief joined issue in front, nnd waited -on chsely by Malua, Isonomy nud Sheet Anchor, made the running till within three furlongs of homo when the favorite on the inside drew out a neck in front of Isonomy, Grace Darling and The Nan, who were side by side, and the pace was very fast. At the home turn Maltia and Isonomy held the lead a clear length from The Nun, and the two getting together at the distance a good race resulted iu three- parts of a length win for Isonomy from Malua, on whom luglls did not per severe to any great extent. The Nuu was beaten half a length for second ; Sheet Anchor ' was fourth, Grace Darllug fifth iu front of Highland Chief; Young Ilomtio aud Opul were the last to finish. Time, 2mln. l$sec. NURSERY HANDICAP, IGOsovs; two-year-olds, 4 J furlongs. Lady Lovel, by Drummer— Paradigm, 7st. 12lb (Robertson) .. .. .. ..1 Hortense. 8st. 81b. (Cambcll) .. .» ... 2 Bedouin, 7et. 101b. (Power) .. ' .. 3 Other starters: — Epicurean, 8st 4lb.- (O'Brien) ; Flrcbnco, Sat, (ilicketson) ; Jebusito, 7st- llll). (Williamson); Lord Allen, 7st. llhb. (Necsou); ltaglcr, 7 st. 101b. (Page) : Glcntwortli, 7st 81b. (Mor rison) ; Citadel, 7st. Gib. (Churcbliill) ; -Probation, 7sU Gib., lib over (Fagg) ; Murmur, 7sL Gib. (Kowes); St. Micbae), 7st. 41b. (Turnham) ; Albert Loddou, 7st 4lb. (Brown) ; Julian Groy, 7st; 21b." (Steers) ; Golden Fleece, 7st 21b. (Gorry) ; Nectarine, 7st. 21b. (Bence); and Tho Dreamer 7st. (Williams) Betting : 2-to 1 . Hortense, 5 to 1 v. Bedouin, G to 1 v. Lady Lovel and ITobation. Julian Grey jumped off in front from a pretty good start, attended by. Lady Lovel, Golden! Fleece, Bedouin and l'robatlou. When fairly going Fircbrnee sailed in command, and uttended by Julian Grey and Bedouin carried on the running to the "home turn. Here Lady Lovel ran up among the leaders, and going to tho front at the distance drew steadily away, and stalling off a brilliant run by Hortense, won by a short neck; two and a half lengths separated Hortcuao from Bedouin, and then in ordev-came Firebrace, Julian Grey and Epicurean. Time : 57 sec. caulfield cuj?, Of 1500 sors. ; 1000 fova. for first, 300 sovs. for second, 200 soys. for third. One and a half miles. Ben Bolt, by Newbold— Lady Boldwiu, G yrs., 7st. Gib. (O'Brien) .. 1 SitTcrminc, 5 yrs., 8st. (Robertson) " .. 2 Britisher, ageil. 8sL 21b. (Fallon) ... . . 3 Other starters : Booikn, aged, 8st. 71b. (Olds) ; Zeno, 5 yrs., 7st. 101b. (Bills) ; Remus, 4 yrs., 7st. 81b. (Dai- ton) ; St. John, G yrsn 7st. 51b. (Wllliamsou) ; Bur- rilda, 4 yrs., 7ct. 3lb. (Gough) ; Lesbin, aged, 7st. 21b, (Hedfcru); Recall, 4 yrs., 7sfc. lib. (Power); The Levite, aged, Tst. lib. and £tb. over (Campbell); fiotwic Doon, 4 yrs., 7st. lib. (Stebbiugs) : Tarpcia, 5 yrs., Gst I3lb. (Fagg) ; Mentmore, 6 )rs Cst. Ulb, (Walker) ; Millstream. G yrs., Gst Ulb. (Gorry); Jim Cain, 4 yrs., Gst 91b. (Auwin) ; First Consul, 3 yrs, Gst 81b and 31b. over (Bruce); Islander, 4 yrs., Gst. 61b. (Totnliu). Betting: 3$ to 1 v. Silvcrmine; 7 to I t. Boolka nnd Britisher ; 8 to 1 r. Recall ; 10 to 1 v. Ben Bolt ; IB to 1 v. St John; 20 to 1 v. Lesbia, The Levite ami Zeno; 25 to 1 v. Mentmore, First Consul aud Mill- stream; 10J to 3 v. Jim Ouiu.Islandpr, Reruns und Tor- peLi ; 50 to 1 v. Bnrrilda ; 200 to 1 v. Bounia Doon. A lot cf tliuo was cut to waste at the posl'owing to The Levite and Millstream playing up, the former lushing out at everything that dime within rauge ; but at length a splendid start was effected, and Islander, Boolka nnd St. John being-quickest on their legs, jumped off just iu front of Zeuo, Britisher and The Levite. The lot struggled for positions us they came on towards the stand, past which Zeuo nud The Levite were llrst, half a length away from Boolka and St. John, who were ruuulug side by side, ami then came First.Consul, Bcu Bolt.Tarpeia andiBonnie Doon in a cluster, while the favorite was one of the last divisiou. With the exception of Boolka and Baunie Doou, the whole field swept out very wide at the first turn, where Jim Cain canted his rider out of the saddle", nnd the twohncntiouud gaining a great advant age went over the hill a clear length in front of Mentmore, St. John being in a good position next to the rnil9 and just heading Britisher, Recall, The Levite and Lesbia, after them coming Ben Bolt and tbe «favoritc. Both Britisher and Recall, improved their position at the seven furlongs, aud at the ifar. side were within half a length of the two leaders, Mentmore separating thom from The Levite. Hero Silvermino and Ben Bolt began to approach the front division. After passing tile live .> furiougs Boolka stretched out half a length in advance of Bonnie Doou, but he failed to hold it for any time aud at the sod wall tbcj were again side by side though Boolka was tiring fast and Britisher was running in third place, just in front of tho struggling Lovite who had escorts in bilvurrainc. St, John, Ben Bolt nnd Recall. Eater- lug on the home turn Bonnie Doou cried a go und bt. John, Boolka and Britisher were left in command, the last named being the llrst to cuter tho mils aud the orderafter them wus SilrermineTThe Levite, Ben Bolt, Lcsbla and Recall, all showing prominently. When fairly on the road home St. John liung out signals of distress. So did Boolka, and Fallon calling on Britisher, he drew a length clear from Silvermine, who was in the soft ground near the inside mils, and Beu Bolt's colors wero conspicuous iu the ccntie. Passing the distance post Silvermine challenged Britisher and they came on under the whip together, the former seeming to have the race won, but lOOyda. away Ben Bolt finished with a determined run on the outsiilo, and gettlugnp In the last few strides won a good»race very clevorly by u short neck. Britisher, who was third, had his head at bilvermiue's shoulder, aud he was followed iu order by llecait, Lesbia, stl John, llemus, Boolka, Tl>c Levite, Zeno, First Consul, Bonnie Doon; the last to finish being Mentmore, Millstream and Tarpcia. Burriida walked in with tbe crowd. Time, 2miu. 42scc. The winner is engaged in the Melbourno Cup at 7st. 10ibM including LUlb. penalty. placed horses for tiik caulfield cup. Ye'r First. Second. Third. Time. 1881 Blue Ribbon.. Bobby Burns Aspen .. 2J)0e 1831 Master Avcnol Pirate .. Suwarrow .. 3.2940 1882 Little Jack .. Verdure GipsyUooper 2.4lJ 1883Colma ..Stockdnlo .. Angles iy ..2.-12 1884 Blink Bonny Lord William Vorgy .. 2.40 M 1885 Grace Darling Britisher- .. Corioianus.. 2.40 1886 Bout Bolt- ..Silvermine .. Britisher .. 2.42 There were two Cups run for in 1881, oa mile and a quarter and a distance. opkjf handicap steeplechase, Of 250 sovs. About two and u-haif miles. Contingent, by The Wizard, ugeil, Ost. 121b. (Gar-, diner) .. « .. .. ..1 The Irishman, G yrs., list. 91b. (Watson).. . .. 2 Havelock, aged, lOst. (Malone) .. .. ..3 Other starters: Lady Ashton, aged, ISs't. 71b. (M'Leod) ; Blackthorn, aged, list. 2lb. (Corrigan) ; Lady Curriugton. aged, lUst. 101b. (Rain) ; Toning, aged, 10sL 81b. (King) ; Brown Kaglc, aged, lOst. 7lb. (Floyd); Moonlight, aged, lOst. (CupUt); Victor, aged. 9st. 81b. aud 21b. over (Ross) ; Our Boy, aged, 9st. 71b. (KUduff) ; aud Sir Samuel, aged, fist. 71b. (MKJowau). Betting : 4 to 1 each v. Blackthorn and Havelock, 5 to 1 v. Sir Samuel, 6 to 1 each v. Lady Ashtou aud The Irishman, 8 to 1 v. Coutlugent, After a very 6light delay tho lot moved off well together, the first to show- being Blackthorn, Sir Samuel and Tcrang, and they negotiated the treble In that order, Irishman and Havelock heading the others, aud the pace was a racing one. After nego tiating the logs Tcrang went in comtnabd and led aloug the sido with a length advantage of Blackthorn, who was followed by Sir Samnel aud the Irishmuu,. aud thoy were first in front of Ludy Carrlhgton and Mooulignt, the rear being brought up by Our Boy. Save that Sir Samuel weut into second place aud Brown Eagle closed with the leading division there was no alteration until the straight was again reached. But Victor bad turned a somersuult over the fence near the three furlongs. Possiug- the stand Blackthorn again joinudj Terung,- but Sir Satuuol coming to grief at the logs Lady .Carriayton occupied third position, Brown Eagle being fourth waited on by Contingent, Havelock, and Lady Ash ton. At the top of the liill Lady Carrington went to the head of affairs and Contingent was seen following her. Tbcucamo Tcrang, Blackthorn,' Irishman und JAdy Asbfeon. all close together and iu frout of Have lock. After negotiating the inudwall near the half- mile post, LAdy Carrington retired and Contingent sailing to the frout gradually widened the gap be tween himself and Ids followers and won easily by a dozou lengths from The Irishman. Hnrclook "was a good third. Blackthorn fourth, in front of Lady Car rington. Moonlight came next, 100 yards away, and then succeeded atlong intervals Tcruug and , Brown Eagle and Lady Ashton walkiug in. .Time, Gmln. 284see. the windsor handicap, Of IGOsovs. Six furlongs. Son Glovan, by Don Giovanni— Quickstep,- 3 yrs., fist. 111b. (Johnston) .. " .. . .. 1 William Tell, 6 yrs., fcst, 61b. (Old) . J., ..3 Toronto, 6 yrs., 7sL 21b. (Gorry).. .. ..3 Other starters : Duration, 8«t, 131b.' (Brown) ; The Ghost fet. 3lbn and 71b. otct (Williams); Munwyrtina, 7sL 101b. (M'Intosh) ; All Gold, 7st. Sib. and Ub. over (Hales); Straight Shot, 7st, 71b.' (Williamson); Huron, 7st. 61b. (Power) ; Vnscosa, 7at. 01b. (Brown) ; Tichbonie, 7st. Gib. (Ktheridge) ; Sedition, 6st. 51b. (Redfiarn); SL Albert, 7st. and lib. over (Necsan); Sirocco, 7st. (Steppings) ; The Baron, 7st. (Fagg) ; Mia Mia, Gst. 121b. (O'Brien); Orista, Gst. 111b. (Walker); Lord of the Manor, Gst. 111b. (D. Williams); Donald, Gst. 91b. aud 2jlb. over (Bonce) ; Cestus, Gst 6lb. (Tornlln); Mustang, Gst.Glb. (Bruce), and Blohdin, Gst 41b. (Morrison). Betting : 6 to 1 v. Don Giovan and Toronto, 7 to 1 v. Straight Shot, 19 to v. 1 WilUam'Tell and The Sedition and St Albert got several lengtlis advan tage of a bad start but they were soon supplanted, and before a furlong had been got over Vascosa raced la command, followed by Huron, Lord of tho Manor, William Tell, all being - pretty close together. A little further on Lord of tlie Manor took up tho running and William Tell went into second place, but the former dying out almost immediately William Toll showed the way . into the straight Huron being in waiting half u length in ad- Tunoe of MiaMiaaud Don Giovan, aud tho remainder of tlie field, headed by Toronto. Within, the rails Mia Mia cried ago, and William Tell looked like win ning, but Don Giovan came out'at tho half-distanco, and cutting the heavy weight down after a short set to. wou easily by a length. Toronto; who came up fast from thc5turn, was third, and4hen suc ceeded Ghost, Cestus and Mustang, the last to . finish being fit Albert. Time, lmin. 17sec. . Three French Bailors, named -Galand, father and son, and Thuilliez, who, with several com panions, sailed on a fishing expedition in the year 18G9, and who had not Bince beon heard of, have reported themselves from tbo coast of Greenland, where tholr vessel foundered- 17 years ago. The men are now homeward bound, and their landing at Dunkirk is daily expected. Their wives, believing themselves to be -widows, have contracted secoud marriages. The Standard's Berliu correspondent says » « Emperor William, on hearing of the seizure and kidnapping -of Prince Alexander, wrote a sharp letter to the Czar oxpresBing amazement and iudignation." When the King of Servia heard of tho events at Sofia, he said " It is the greatest piece of infamy ever parpotratca in Europe. If I knew where Alexander was I would sacrifice ali i possess to afford him assist ance.1' 