THE EVIDENCE OF ANTI-CHRISTIANS. . ( Continued ) Voltaire, with that flippancy for which he was specially notable, as an example of the dotage of the human understanding, cites the fact that Bacon believed in witchcraft, and that Sir Isaac Newton, wrote a commentary on the Book of Reve lation. " The former instance," says Chalmers, ' we shall not undertake . to vindicate; but in the latter instance we perceive what this brilliant and specious, but withal superficial apostle of Infidelity either did not see, or refused to acknow ledge. We see in this intellectual labour of our great philosopher the working of the very same principles which carried him through the profoundest and the most successful of nis investigations, and how he kept most sacredly and most con sistently by those very maxims, the authority of which he, even in the full vigour and manhood of his faculties, ever recognised. We see in the theology of Newton the very spirit and principle which gave all its stability and all its sureness to the philosophy of. Newton. We see the same tenacious adherence .to every one doctrine, .that had such valid proof to uphold it as could be gathered from the field of experience ; arid ive Bee the same firm resistance of every one argument, that had nothing to recommend it, but such plausibilities as could easily be devised by the genius of man, when he expatiated abroad on those fields, of creation which the eye never witnessed, arid from which.no messenger ever came to us with any credible information, Now, it- was on the former of these two principles that Newton clung so deter minedly to his Bible, ; as the record of an actual annunciation of God. to the inhab itants of this world. When ho turned his attention to this book, ho came to it with a mind tutored with the philosophy of facts, and, when -lie looked at its credentials, he saw. the. stamp . and the impress of this philosophy ou, every one of them. He saw the fact of Christ being a messenger from heaven, in; the audible language by which it was conveyed from heaven's conopy to human ears. He saw tlie fact of his being/an approved ambass ador of God in those miracles which carried their own resistless evidence along with , them 'to,: human eyes., . He saw; the truth of this whole history . brought home to his own conviction by a sound and substantial; vehicle of human testimony. He, saw the ; reality of that supernatural light, which inspired the p rophecies he himself illustrated, by Buch an agreement with the events of a various distant futurity as could be taken cognisance of by, human observation. ; He saw; the wisdom, of "God . pervading .the . whole substance ofithe written message, in-.' such manifold adaptations to the circumstances of: man, and to .the whole secrecy; of his thoughts,, arid ; his affections, and his spiritual wants, and-, his mqral sensibilities! as, even in the mind of an ordinaay: and unlettered peasant, can be attested by human consciousness. These formed, the solid materials of the basis on which our experimental philosopher stood ; and there was nothing in the whole compass of his own astronomy to dazzle him away from it ; and he was too well aware of the limit between what he knew and what he did not know, to be seduced from the ground he had taken, by nny of those brilliances which have since led so many of his humbler successors into the track of infidelity. He had measured the distance of the planets. He ha.d calculated their periods. He had esti mated their figures, and their bulk, and their densities, and he had subordinated the whole intricacy of their movements to the Biraple and sublime agencv of one commanding principle. But he had too much of the ballast of a substantial under standing about him to be thrown afloat by all this success among the plausilbili- ties of wanton and unauthorized specu lation. He knew the boundary which hemmed him. He knew that he had not thrown one particle of light on the moral religious history of these planetary regions. He had not ascertained what visits of com munication they received from the: God who upholds them. But ho knew that the fact of a real visit made to this planet had such evidence to rest , upon, that it was not to be dispossessed by any finite imagination. And when I look at the steady and unmoved Christianity of this wonderful man, so far from seeing any symptom of dotage and imbecility, or any forgetfulness of those principles on which the fabric of his philosophy is reared, do I see, that, in sitting down to. work of a Bible commeatator, he hath given us the most beautiful and most consistent exem plification. " It will be admitted that Sir Isaac New ton had an intellect of -the most expan sive character. Rarely has it fallen to the lot of human being to possess the pow ers and capacities which were possessed by him; Habit and natural disposition predisposed him. to the utmost care in analysis.of any -.subject that engaged his attention. "Hence his testimony to the truth of Christianity comes with the greater force and power. He had ex amined the evidences which were conclus ive of the truth of Christianity ; his work remains to attest the care with which the examination was conducted, and his strict adherence through life to the doctrines of the, Christian religion manifests the ear nestness of his belief. Our argument has been to prove the truth of Christianity from its opponents. In citing Newton as an exception, taking into consideration the marvellous analy tical powers which we possessed, the ar gument from his evidence will be strengthened, and the evidences for the truth of the Christian doctrines confirm- 6CL. i. nor© is uoWj now0v6ij fliiiouii0r citiss of evidence— the historical, which is most conclusive and /confirmatory,, the truth of which may he examined by- those of the meanest capacity. To the . most ordinary understanding, /however, it; will be satis faction to know that a .person, so eminently qualified, for the task of exam- ination.„as .Sir , Isaac Newton, has pro nounced the proof of genuineness of Christianity to be bright and clear, which cannot be invalidated or destroyed. It has become customary, >to 'endeavour to damage the cause , of Christianity ; by doubting the existence of the: person of Christ, and ascribing the .foundation of the belief in him to the existence of a Hindoo mythology relative to Krishnu, which, say. modern infidels, answers to the name and person of Christ. The , re semblance is not very; striking. Christ was a son of a carpenter;; Krishnu was the sou of a blacksmith. Christ was a man of peace ; Krishnu was a mau of war. And .there is surely, no resemblance to Christ in the conduct of Orislinu, who is re presented as the lover - of sixteen thous and milkmaids, to gain whose favour he converted himself into an equal number, of sinning swains, while each; maiden fan-, cied herself the sole the object of Krishnu's regard. It is attempted to fix this blundering imposition upon the learned Sir William Jones, and to make him say that Christ aud ; Krishnu are -the' same person, a statement which , certainly, has no foundation in fact, because Sir William Jones says : " We may fix a time of Buddah; or the ninth great incarnation of Vishnu, in the year 1011 before the- birth of Christ;" and then goes on to deter mine the age . of . Krishna tor have been about two; hundred years earlier. At tributing. /the origin, ofChrist to. this mythology.ijs ,;evidently so transparent a fallacy .'as , scarcely to be worthy of notice; It may, however, on several accounts, be needful to present .the, -historical facts of his life, which are j sor well, . defined .inde pendently,, of .the evidence; of- the Now Testament. The . fact of his living and exercising the power and influence ascribed to him is certainly as well defined as any historical fact for the particulars of which .we are indebted to the most reliable historian. First then, in the order of proof, we may cite the testimony of Julian the Apostate, who lived in the middle of the fourth century. He invariably speaks of Christ as a public and well kuowu character, who wrought miracles and exercised supreme power over spirits and demons, The fact that he attempts to ridicule the miracles, is only a proof of their existence ; for how could he ridicule that which did not exist ? Next in the order of time is Porphyry, who lived a.d 250 — 300. It is to be regretted that Theodosius, a.d. 383, ordered his writings to be burnt, because of their mischievous tendency. From the extracts which-were made from his works still extant, wo learn that he regarded Christ as a good man, and as a real worker of miracles, and as having been taken to heaven by the gods at his death because of his piety. This testimony is the more reliable from the fact that Porphyry was a, Platonic philosopher, and would on that account be the more severe in his scrutiny of Christian history and doctrine. He was born a.d. 233, and his writings were not burnt until a.d. 338, ample time, therefore, was given for copious extracts from his works to be made. Celsus, who was one of the bitterest enemies Christianity ever had, and who lived in the latter half of the second century, is peculiarly fitted to . give evidence on the subject of the existence of Christianity at that early period. He distinctly notices all the circumstances of Christ's birth, the worship of the Magi, and the slaughter af the Innocents. He allows that Christ was regarded and worshipped as a divine person by his disciples, and refers to Father, Son, and Holy Ghost. He also acknowledges the miracles of Christ without the slightest dispute, as well as their effect in making disciples. The Roman historian, Sueto nius, wrote A.d. 116, concerning the ex istence of Christ and the expulsion of the Jews from Rome, an event which occured a.d. 52, or wituin twenty years of Christ's death. Suetonius, in a passage in the life of Claudius, says, that he " expelled the, Jews from Rome because they- -were continually raising tumults under the instigation of Christ." This is clear and manifest evidence of the fact of Christ's existence derived from an unden iable source. Tacitus, who wrote a.d. 110, says, that " tlie author of that name (Christians) was Christ, who in the reign of Tiberius was punished with death as a criminal by the procurator Pontius Pilate." The event he records occured a.d. 3di, exactly thirty years before that part of the Christian history under Nero, which he is then narrating. This heathen testi mony of the fact of Christ's death is con clusive also of his life. - To le Continued. 