SPORTING INTELLIGENCE. THE V.R.C. GRAND NATIONAL MEETING. Visitors to Flemington on Saturday last had tbe assurance of the executive of tbe Victorian Racing Club that this would be "the grandest steeplechase meeting ever held in the Southern Hemisphere." Tbe prophecy of the club was realised, the attendance being in excess of that of any preceding Grand National day, and the racing good and free from serious accident. Amongst the visitors were His Excellency the Governor and Lady Loch. Appended are the results of the racing :— MAIDEN HURDLE BACE. Of 6 BOVS. each, with 200 added ; second, 2o sovs.; third, 10 sovs. About two miles, Mr. W. Bailey's Sir Launcelot, 9it. 71b. (Carey) l Mr. H. Oxenham's Mackay (late Silver King). 10st J ... 2 Mr. J. Cripps's Hobart, 10st. 51b Argauthone, Aristocrat, Pyrrhus, Joey, and Earimtl also ran. Time, 3m. 55s. MAIDEN STEEPLECHASE, Of 6 sovs. each, with 200 added. Second, 25 sovs,, third, 10 sovs. About two miles. Mr. G. Buckley's Wickliffe, 10st. 3lb. CCree) 1 Mr. G, H. Whitehead's Andy, list, 91b ... 2 Mr. W. E. Power's War Dance, list. 91b. ... 3 Sir Robert, Consternation, and Trooper also started. The first of the rail fences along the side brought down War Dance, and at the next jump Sir Robert and Consternation also felL Wickliffe and Andy went on dose together, with Trooper beaten off, and Sir Robert, who had been remounted, following a long way behind. Wickliffe galloped home a very easy winner by three lengths, while a quarter of a mile further back Trooper and Sir Robert were racing for third place. The former had most pace, but no third was placed by the judge. Time, 5m. IJs. GRAND NATIONAL HUBDLE BADE, Of 10 sovs. each, with 400 added; second, 50 sovs.; third, 25 sovs. ^ About three miles. Mr. W. Moffatt'a Ocean, 9st. 3lb. (Ferguson) 1 Mr. G. O'Brien's Ruby, lOst. 121b 2 Mr. M. Loughliu's Sheet Anchor, list. 101b. 3 Duration, Tantaliser, Koolyte,, Distiller, Hilltop, Grattan, Ditto, and Wild Dog also ran. Passing tbe sheds Distiller ran round the hurdle, and knocked down a spectator near the wing, Sheet Anchor hit the hurdle near .the bridge sharply, and, in consequence, seemed to be losing ground for a while. At the last hurdle before entering the straight, after being nearly run off by Ocean, he again struck, and lost at least four lengths. As he was-.still going well, the favorite looked like surviving his mishaps, but he hit the last hurdle also, and then died away, leaving Ocean and Ruby to 'contest tbe finish Tbe former proved himself unquestionably the better of tbe pair at the weights, and Ferguson repeated his last year's performance by landing Ocean a sound winner by a length and a balf, Ruby being three lengths in front of Sheet Anchor, Grattan was fourth, Duration fifth, Koolyte sixth, Wild Dog and Ditto next close together, and Tantaliser and Distiller the two last. Hilltop, who was beaten at the back of the course, walked in. Time, 5min. 35}sec. GRAMS NATIONAL STEEPLECHASE, Of 15 sovs. each, with 500 added. Second, 50 sovs.; third, 25 sovs. About three miles. Mr. M. Loughlin's Game, list. 101b. (Corrigan) Mr. E Martin's Native, lOst. 81b. (Ferguson) 2 Hon. W. Pearson's Lady Ashton, 12st. 6lb. (Mr. A. M'Culloch) Other startersStudley, Bob Cooper, Reticent, Roulette, Kanaka, Spangle, Brown Eagle, Charcoal, and Nuisance. At the first of the line of fences along the straight Charcoal struck and rolled over his rider, Power being lifted into the ambulance carriage when the other horses had passed. Brown Eagle hit the palings heavily, and was thrown to one side, but kept on bis legs. Native and Lady Ashton went side by side over the stone wall and the logs, but at the first of these fences Game and Reulette came mtq collision in tbe air, but, although tdey were knocked out of tbeir stride, neither suffered much through the mistake. At tbe bridge Bob Cooper felL At this point the order was Native,: Lady Ash too, Game, Reticent, Roulette, \ Kanaka, Brown Eagle, Studley, and Spangle, with Nuisance last. The rail fence in the bend brought down Spangle, and after the field crossed the last jump Lady Ashton rushed out and was tbe first through the gap into the straight. As soon aa Game challenged her, however, tbe mare was beaten, and from tbe pace made by the Dowling Forest horse it was evident" that nothing could reach him. Native made an effort, and was ridden right out, but the punishment was unnecessary and useless, for as the cheers were raised for Corrigan—who, like Ferguson, was repeating his victory in tbe last Grand National Steeplechase—Game came home a comfortable winner by six lengths, Native, who was easing up, being a length in front; of Lady Ashton. Reticent was fourth, Kanaka fifth, Studley sixth, Brown Eagle seventh, Roulette, and Nuisance next, and Spangle, who had beeo remounted, last. Time, 6min. 48sac. SELLING HUBDLE BACK, Of 3 sovs. each, with 150 added. Winner to be sold for £50. One mile and a half and a distance. Mr. \V. Little's Problem, lOst. 91b., nil (King) 1 Mr. T. Coffey's Joey, 9st 101b 2 Mr. S. Nathan's Fusilier, list 3 Wild Dog and Louis also started. The latter n round a hurdle along the back stretch. Problem won easily by five lengths, Fusilier being ie distance behind Joey. Time, 3min. The winner was bought by Mr. P. Gordon for 165 guineas. FLAT BACP, Of 5 eovs. each, with 150 added. One mile. Mr. C. Wilson's Gardenia, 7st 11 lb. (O'Brien) 1 Mr. H. Jenuings's Duke of Atbol, 7st. 21b.... 2 Mr. W. E. Dakin's Quimin- Matsep, 8sfc. 21b. 3 Other Starters : — Plausible, Meteor, The Ghost, Middlemarcb, Medea, Bohemian, Kitawa, Straight Shot, Sunny Days, Lesbia, Stafford, K'jhai, Oakleigh, Tbe King's Sou, First Consul, McnottL Won by a head. Quintin Matsep was third, three lengths away. Lesbia fourth, Stafford fifth, The Ghost aixth, Medea next, and Mcnotti last. Time, lm. 42js. 