FLEMINGTON. ' MELBOURNE, Thursday afternoon.-It has boen a beautiful morning. Tho Flemington tracks are in good going order. Some fairish work waB got through by Don Giovanni, Menotti, and First Consul in company. Âftor cantering once round the courEO, the trio ran a strong mile. FirBt Consul waa beaten at the fhÚBh. Lara, with Levite for companion, galloped a Btrong mile and a half, which they did well. Harridan and Trojan'a brother spurted half-mile, going fairly well. Lord Wilton was sont a couple of miles at half pace, and finished Btrong over the last throe-quarters of a milo. King's Son, Margrave, and Don Quixote were sent a conplo of mileB at three-quarter paoe. Lesbia cantered slowly. Teuton, after cantering once round, ran a Blow half mile. Trent WHB Bent onco round tho sand, going fast and well. Mammon, and tho two-ycars-old by Hook Device, were sent once round the tan at half-paco, and Damocles covorod six furlongs at three-quarter paco. Vascosa, Gazette and the colt by Irian King went three-quarters of a mile in company at three-quarter pace. Harvester ran a strong mile and a quarter. Die tiller was Bent for a Btrong gallop once round the sand and went well. . Palm and Yule Cako, in company, covered half a milo in good Btyle. . Wild Dog went twice round the course at half pace. .Delion and Wellington Fortress colt got over half a mile in com pany. Stornoway and Boysterer, both looking fresh and well, were sent ata nice useful and three-quarter pace. Both moved freely and well. Maddelina went twice round at half pace. LOUÍB and Albatross went twicoroundthetanatthreequarterpace.lBrown Eagle, with Floyd in tho saddle, strode away twice round the tan at half pace. Golden Butterfly and Moolgai, in company, were exercised twice round over schooling huraloB ; both went well. Shaughraun and Ragman ran a strong half mile in oompany. A number of other horses were on the ground, but merely walked and oantered. Ringmaster »tarted for Sydney this morning. Jocular has joined R. Gray's atring. LATER.-The candidateB for the Caulfield Cup are being put to good work. To-day Ben Bolt and Chuokstor eaoh put in a round on tho graBB. The latter was very fresh. Whitebait and Western wore each treated to a milo alone at a useful pace. Lando Anarchy, and Wakefield covered 4 furlongs, going Btrong and well. Ambassadress moved along in good Btyle for 6 furlongs. Narrung and the Sussex horse did usoful work on tho sand, tho former finishing np with some schooling ovor the big sticks, to which exeroise he did not tako kindly. Konnoth strode along a mile ; Master John accom panied him for the last throe furlongs. St, Albert and Young Horatio oovered the Cup distance at a good working gallop. Their stable companion, Clarendon, put in a ' Btrong mile alone. Bonnie Doon, another candidate for Cup honors, strode along in good Btyle for about a milo. Union covered a round as a '.'pipe openor." Patience, Cricket, and Lottery all put in good half-paoe work on. the tan. Caulania, Berkeley, and First Pop brushed along for four or, five furlongs. Albanus and Footman Îut in some strong work on the Band ittle John* and Jaok, tho useful-looking son of Hamlet, did a good working gallop over the Cup dis tance. Highland. Chief and Blondin oovered a mile atafairpaoo. Graoo Darling, who looks big, ran once round for Btrong exercise The Ghost brushed along over aoven furlongs. Gadfly ond Empreas were mated for a half-milo Bpin. Tho late Oap favorite, Silvermine, has been doing steady walking oxoroiso this morning, j 