CAULFIELD TRAINING NOTES. [By Telegraph.] Melhrmrnft. Octohflr 14. A strong wind was blowing this morning, but notwithstanding there was a large muster of spectators on the course to witness the final gallops of the Cup horses. An early start was made. It was rumored that the western district horses, Jim Cain and Little John galloped in company over the Cup distance at daybreak, and that tbe latter had his younger brother in difficulties at the finish. Kenneth went long slow work. Ben Bolt started off for a mile gallop, Chuckster assistant the Cup candidate for the first part of the distance, and Warfield the last half-mile. Ben Bolt is rather a lazy customer in work, and re quires a great deal of riding. The time occupied was fair. Western slipped along a mile with Lady Ashton. The Loafer circled' a couple of rounds, doing good ' strong work, Bonnie Lad and bis stable companion brushed along the sand. Louisa .Berta was given a good useful pipe- opener, HigWand Chief travelled a rouod on the grass, the Derby candidate Blondin bringing him along the last mile. Carnarvon and Retort finished a usefel round on the sand. Ellington and Toronto put in useful work on the grass. The former looks anC* goes well. Crown Brand was sent eight or ni£»e furlongs at a good stridingpace, LandSharkC?oinggood useful work on the sand. ' Cricket and Pateena performed satisfactory work on the tan. Tile Tasmanian pair, Clarendon and Young Horatio, traversed a round on the grass ; the latter, who had a good start of his companion, finishing in front. Silvermine was the next to take possession ot tne grass, ana was dis patched for a good serviceable working gallop. Starting from the half- mile post of the course' proper in company with Bonnie Doon and the Chanter, he rattled along until six fur longs from home was reached, when the latter pair were eased, ar.d Sirocco finished with the Cup candidate, who completed the fastest round of the morning, pulling up fresh as paint. Zeno moved along the grass doing useful exercise. He eeems tp have done a lot of work. Epicurean, who is furnishing into a nice horse, had Mia Mia for a companion for four furlongs. Goodwood, Stag, and Mistake, did healthy exercise, and Newiraster traversed nine fur longs at a good pace, having Little Jim for a companion for the first four furlongs, and Gas burner during tbe latter past of the journey. The son of Newmaster went very strong. Greculas and Urius were given an extender on the grass, and Waiter, Norman, and Victor worked on the tan. St. Albert bowled along the grass, and TJncas pottered along the sand, Carnival and Nectarine 'running a sharp five furloners. Bohemian, looking fresh and well. put in two strong rounds on the tan. Berkley and .Cadland slipped over five furlongs in fair time. Footman, 'Albanus, and First Fop were separately treated to strong work on the tan, Millstream and Grace Darling completed a circle of useful work ; the former was a bit fractious. The Ghost and Gadfly ran a merry six furlongs, the former showing to advantage at the finish. MuBtang covered six furlongs in good style. Moonlight strode along on the tan. The King brushed along on the tan, and Glenworth and Lady Lovel ran smartly home from the four-furlong post. 