SYDNEY, DECEMBER, 1866. An Australian Christmas. GEOLOGISTS tell us that thousands of years ago there was a great migration of the flora and the fauna of the northern world to these lands of the Southern Hemisphere. The sunshine led the way. Far back in the misty regions of the past, when this earth of ours was the habitation of a strange and unholy life, when slippery monsters huddled together in loath- some quagmires, when mosses grew to the size of gum trees, and the air was dark with bats and winged insects, the sunshine took it into its head to slide down the slippery surface pf the globe, and not caring to return, left Europe to the mercy of the reindeer and the polar bear. The utmost alarm soon pervaded the animal and vegetable communi- ties. The club mosses drooped their heads and wept, the tree-ferns threw their verdant garments to the winds, and, like scared and distracted things, extended bare and helpless arms to the biting frosts which pierced the air. The animals were as much dismayed, knowing not which way to turn either for food or safety. It was a time of starvation and death ; and yet the icebergs held on their fateful way, and forming, as camphor crystals are seen to form on a sheet of glass beneath a microscope, they spun a hard and chilly web over what were then vast tracts of tropical verdure. And what became of the unfortunate inhabitants-the floral inhabitants and the wild animals ? For man had not yet made his appearance on the scene. Millions of them must have died of cold and want. Indeed we know they died, fur we have long been digging them up out of their ancient graves, building our houses with some and burning others on our hearth-stones. Others sought safety in flight ; or, if imprisoned in their dark surroundings, bound down by icy chains from which there was no escape, with true maternal instinct they found freedom for their tender offspring. The club mosses and the tree-ferns despatched their seeds too to warmer and brighter lands. Their ships were the beaks of birds, and floating twigs, and frail barks that we wot not of. Their hope was their only guide, and the life that was in them their only for- tune. Such were the early immigrants to Australia. And yet how strangely prophetic was their coming. We know not whether the history of the mighty exodus is emblazoned in the flaming scroll of the heavens ; but this we do know, that it is faithfully recorded in close-packed volumes that lie at rest in the great' storehouse of nature ; and that students have already knocked off the iron clasps and scanned the serried pages. Yes, the club mosses and the tree-ferns, and for aught we know, the giant gums and sturdy boxes, with the kangaroo and the native . bear, and a vast company of creeping things, were the leaders in this great tide of southern immigra- tion. They were the first to shrink from the cruel cold and the pressing want of the old world. They were the first to come to the new. Theirs was a fight for existence ; and, prophetic of the human beings who, after the lapse of thousands of years, would follow their example, they fled from starvation to a land of undeveloped wealth and perennial sun- shine. And, in passing, we may take a lesson from their conduct. They came, as many others have come since-because they could not get a living out of their native soil. They came in search of wealth ; but they came to stay. They came to enrich and to adorn the land of their adoption. They came for the sake of future generations, and to this day we enjoy the fruits of their travels when we roam amongst the everlasting hills, or strike out new paths for ourselves on the open plains. So the sunshine led the way. Happy those who follow in its track ! Then came oíír flora and our fauna. Peaceful they who seek by day society with none but the wild things of the bush, and stretch themselves at nightfall on a bed of ferns'! Man has since been starved from his long home ; and for the last hundred years, as the club mosses and the tree ferns did before him, he has been betaking himself to Á milder clime and a more generous land. Let us only hope that he will do as well by his adopted home as they have done. Once in this new land, however, ,man began to try to forget that he had ever quitted the house of his fathers; and as he . <A ' . ./ could nof bring with him the crumbling towers and the wild ruins of old England, not even the most commonplace of all red brick dwellings, he set about surrounding himself with venerable customs as with a spacious tabernacle, under the cover of which he might gather his friends around him, and make believe that he was not in a strange land at all, but was still amid the scenes of his youth. The experiment was a great success. One after another, as the seasons came and went, the festive customs of the old land were established in the new. And now, as we traverse the long pathway that winds about amongst the twelve months of each year, we find on either hand, at timely intervals, occasions that are resting places for the weary and resorts of pleasure for the gay. But the most venerable of them all is Christmas- Christmas, with its gothic arches and its gloomy niches, its medieval windows and its tinkling bells ; Christmas, with its associa- tions of nearly nineteen hundred years of music and feasting ; Christmas, with its tender hearts and its open hands. Yet the social architecture has undergone a change, and the magnificent old pile has lost much of its ancient glory. The stately hall is still and desolate; the log fires that once roared half way up the chimnies have blazed to ashes ; the wine that once flowed in ruby streams is now dry at the fountain ; the voices that screamed with laughter as the blue flames leapt over the raisins, and as the chestnuts were snatched from the hearth, are silent ; the stealthy tread of blind-man's-buff has ceased; even the ghosts that once made our hair stand on end are dead. The heavy doors have been wrenched off their hinges, the windows have been thrown wide open, and the fresh breeze that has swept so long through empty rooms has not only torn to shreds the fancies with which our childish imagination once draped them, but it has even dispelled the fantastic mists that used to hang in odorous festoons over the bald heads who spent the day with pipe and punch. The very smell and flavour, to say nothing of the voices, of Christmas Hall, have gone, and naught but the bare lineaments of the ancient building remain. Indeed it were as easy every whit to build an ice palace in the tropics as to preserve in Australia the sacred, charms of this one season. The conditions under which we live are all against us. The fact is that Christmas belongs neither to any people nor to any nation. Christmas is the property of the east wind and the driven snow, and when it refuses ingress to the soft persuasion of the very sunshine that brought it here, it were foolish to repine, because the kind of mirth that our forefathers provoked will not respond to our commanding voice. As long as the ice will' hold a cat and the east wind waft a feather, a warm joyous glow will radiate from the curtained windows of Christmas Hall in England. Canada claims a seat at the festive board, and so do the Northern States of the great Republic ; but southern lands shut out from the hospitable scene must seek their cheer elsewhere. It is at least significant that just as man approaching the noon-day glare of life loses his early reverence for Christmas, so the traveller, as he passes on his southward journey, finds that in warm countries, not to speak of countries where Christmas falls in the middle of summer, the traditions of old English revelry forsake the birth of Christ. What is Christmas in the Southern States of America ? What is Christ- mas in Southern France and Italy ? Even the pomp of the Romish Church, enshrined in glories of incense and Gregorian music, utterly fails to inspire it with the importance that it claims in so humble an abode as an English labourer's cottage. There is something in the nipping air and the frosted window-panes that teaches the English people in their own country how to make Christmas in reality as it is in name the gladdest season of the year. Nature is in her grave, and Human Nature is dancing round the wassail bowl. The trees are bare, the lanes are dark, hoar frost sleeps on the ground, the wind whistles round street corners, and, encompassed by thick walls of fog, everybody who has a home rejoices madly as he shuts himself up within it. The fireside is never so cosy as then, the lamp never sheds a brighter light, and the laugh never rings a better peal of echoes. But with us it is different. Nature is very much alive at Christmas time ; Winter has been evicted from Christmas Hall ; Summer has come into possession. But there are traitors in her train. The trees whisper us out into the bush, the sea murmurs a melodious overture, the ripe fruit invites us to forsake the punch bowl, and a thousand sympathetic chords lead our footsteps away from the hospitable roof beneath which our fathers revelled. The open country, arched in by the blue dome of heaven, carpeted with verdure, and furnished with hill and dale, is Christmas Hall for us. And thither our feelings wander and become demoralized. Let it be so. It is better thus. The poorest man can keep himself as warm as the richest, and the tiniest child can picture in his dreams on Christmas eve no more enchanting fairyland than the oldest man can see around him. For the sunshine led the way. 