? MELBOURNE SPORTING NEWS. Melbourne, December 30. [By Telegraph.] Messrs. YaiUe.& Co. nold an important sale of thoroughbreds on Tuesday next at Newmarket. The list includes a dozen yearlings from Mr. J. Mitchell's stud. Among the colts are fall brothers-to Edith and St Lawrence. The fillies include a sister to Santa Clans and a half-sister to Duration. Mr. W. Bryant,will send up eight, including four three-year-eld geldings, three Tim Whiflier and one by Irish King. e firm will on the same day sell Stratford Strettle'8 Trotting Stud. The New Year's Day Meeting at Flemington offers an attractive programme. William Tell, The Ghost, and Kohai are most fancied tor the Standish Handicap, with Maroondah next in demand. Hortense, Escutcheon, and, Bedouin should fill tbe places in the Normanby Stakes, while- Mosstrooper, Blua Mountain, and Goodwood look best for the: Hurdle Race. The Bagot Handicap will probably provide one of the best races ever seen at Flemington. Commotion will take a deal of beating at 9 st. 6 lb. if he is the same horse as last year, but as this is doubtful Grace Darling, Silver Mine, and Lord Wilton may furniBh the winner. Curiosity should win the Steeplechase, and next to him Promotion and Lady Ashton. The Criterion Stakes should go to Escutcheon, if he were reserved for it; but if he does not start Sumatra, Liedertafel, and Perhaps ought to till the places. The bettine market is singularly quiet. Nothing has yet been done on the great New Year's Day eventa_ at Flemington and Randwick. Post betting may be regarded as the chief medium of speculation. A few books have been started on the double—Bagot and Standish Handicaps—at 100 to 1, but the business is not worth a quotation. The following scratchings from the V. B.C. Races were made to-day:—Stafford, F.F., and Highland Chief for the Standish Handicap; Ruby for the Hurdle Race; Parhaps, Matrumna, Sumatra, and Lord Allen for tbe Criterion Stakes ; Sumatra, Master Norman, Royal DaBh, Dargon, Detign, Albert Loddon, Lady Lovell, Glentworth, True Blue filly, Harridan, Rich, Ruby, The Dreamer, Dagmar colt, and Lithologist for the Normanby Stakes. Camerine has been backed to win the Bagot Handicap to £300 or £100 at 10 to 1. 