Ik fpswtog. THE CONTRIBUTOR. OLD ENGLISH CUSTOMS AND FOLK-LORE. I.—INTRODUCTORY. [By Elfin.] The recovery of a frail leaf or delicate chell that had been covered up by the mud of some sea that existed far back in the geological agee is not more wonderful than the diBentombment of ancient history from unexpected sources by preBent-day methods. The first remarkable step in thiB direction had relation to the great Eastern monarchies whoBe detailed his tories are being deciphered from buried monuments and libraries written in a language of which not the faintest trace of a tradition had survived. Then followed the ingenious discoveries of the philolo gists, who, by the dissection of language -and a comparison of root-wordB, have already sketched the outline of a history which, in point of fact, is " pre historic." The work of the two learned German brothers, Jacob and Wilhelm Grimm, opened up this fascinating field of research, and by degrees the indications of national relationships have been traced, although the lines have sometimes been of gossamer fineness. The results of such enquiries have demonstrated that not only have all the great European nations had a common tribal origin, but it has been proved as equally certain that the Hindu of India also was reared in the same Aryan home with his European brother of the West. These researches of compara tive philology have extended the base of our historical knowledge in a very re markable manner, and to a degree which a few years ago would have been thought quite impossible. But there is a wider field of enquiry even than this looming in the distance, taking for its object primi tive man and those early stages _ of culture which found the starting-points of the human mind in its firat rude apprehensions of truth and the order of Eature. Civilization and the higher levels of knowledge have for some thou sands of years been in conflict with these primitive notions in their manifold forms of survival and with ever-increasing suc cess. But even to the present day there is a considerable outlying fringe of our populations who are laggards and cling to old-world ideas and customs, and these form the connecting links that unite our present modes of thought with those of the lower stages. In this way supersti tions and apparently meaningless customs are of value to the archaeologist, and have something more than the interest of sur vivals, as they are often indicative, like folk-speech, of tribal relationships not otherwise traceable. Throughout the whole of Northern Europe not many centurieB ago the world of nature was looked upon as peopled with dread supernatural beings, who were held in greatest awe by all classes as potent agents of good and evil. These mischief-making sprites were apt to inter fere with everything going either in the house or farm, putting the fire out in the grate, bringing evil on the "kye" at time of calving, preventing the butter coming in the churn, and even making a change ling of the baby in the cradle. These " invisible folk" had to be exorcised so as to strip them of their dreaded powers of mischief, or otherwise appeased by gifts and rites. In a later age the strong minded began to call these things " super stitions," and relegated them to the nursery and the ignorant, amongst whom fairy mythologies and occult practices are even yet scarcely things of the past. At a still later atage, which may be almost restricted to the present genera tion, sober - minded mammas pooh pcoked these stories and mysteries as " nonsense," and have taken the greatest pains to disabuse the minds of their children of all ideas of fairies, bogies, f&obin; Goodfellows (or "Bad fellow"), and ghosts, and all practices simulating the black arts. The social revolution of the present century has made no more thorough change than in the nursery cult. The signs are ominous for the Folklorist—what he does he must do quickly. Nothing seems more evanescent than a nursery tale or rhyme, yet these airy creations that appear to have no elements of survival about them are amongst the most ancient of things human. The fact has been established that almost identical productions of this kind are not only to be found amongst the various Continental nations, but in the Zenanas of India, even, the counterpart of some of these stories which have been told in English nurseries from time immemorial .are still extant, showing a common origin of these now widely separated peoples, and stamping some of these nursery heir looms with an immense antiquity. This is one proof amoDg many how the un written history of a people often proves itself the more permanent. The last half century has witnessed more destruction of these old - fashioned ideas and pagan customs than any similar period of time since the world began. Notwithstanding this improvement, in out-of-the-way places and corners in most European countries it iB astonishing how much of these old elements enter into the life of the rustic population. Mr. Henderson, in his " EoteB on the Folk-lore of the Northern Counties," says that "as late as the seventeenth century undisguised idol worship was to be found in Brittany, in France, while down to the eighteenth century it was common there for offerings of money, milk, and ears of com to be made to. theGreat Menhir,' an obelisk once connected with JJruidism." The peasants of Norway a few years ago offered similar oblations to the prehistoric mounds of burials that are scattered so generally over Scandinavia, and probably do the same thing to the present time. On the last anniversary of St. John's Day (June 24, 1884) it is computed that fully 5,000 persons assembled at a well situated near Kilmainham, Ireland, which is sup posed to be presided over by the Saint whose name it bears. The waters of this well are by no means the purest, but they are supposed to possess curative qualities if drunk before daylight on St. John's E\e. It was described as a weird sight to see this great multitude of pilgrims descending the steps by torchlight to obtain their quantity of the holy element. This iB undoubtedly an instance in survival of the ancient pagan well and spring worship, with a Chris tian name to it. When the Duchess of Edinburgh some time ago broke a bottle of champagne over a new ironclad launched at Chatham she was doing inform what her Saxon forefathers so often did in real earnest when they bnilt a new house, or launched a ship, or began some new work—viz, propitiate the gods with sacrifice that the enterprise might be successful. At the same instant when these time worn customs, charms, omens, divinations, ghoBt stories, mythical personages, and such-like are losing their hold of the popular mind, science has recognised their value, and is now engaged in re ducing them to Bystem. These things are like the floating ddbris of some unex plored country carried down by a river whose upper waters are shrouded in myBtery. In such circumstances every fragment of plants or sign of life, or any indications that the unknown land was inhabited by in telligent artificers would be carefully col lected- and classified. The pre-historic past is the great term-incognita of human history—a region so widely separated from ub that a full exploration is impossible, and we must therefore he content with what we can pick up from the stream of time, of the waifs and strays which its un interrupted flow of waters may have caught up as fragments in its course from a state of society strangely unlike the present. Man in a state of "primitive culture" can be found in many parts of the world to the present day, hut there is a special interest belonging to the investi gation of the primitive condition of the Aryan family of nations ; first, on account of kinship and the interest attaching to the early settlements of some of the lead ing races of the present day; and, second, the study of human culture becomes all the more interesting as we trace it up towards the beginnings of human life in this world. For the last thirty or forty years [so recent as that] the rude implements and i simple arts of the early settlers in Europe have been the subjects of investigation by archaeologists. But stone hatchets and I cromlechs cannot speak. What is of j immeasurably greater interest to us is to know something of the inner life of those who hunted in the primeval forests and became the founders of nations. How did they live? Under what sort of restraints was the rude society of those early timeB kept in order ? What were their ide&B; of the external world and the impressive operations of Nature ? Had they a religion ? Who did they worship, and with what attributes did they clothe their divinities ? What were their notions of the providential order and the fates that brought them good and ill in life ? It might very well be thought that these things would have become extinct with the races that are only known to us by their implements, rude pottery, or a few crumbling bones. Yet these old stone folk in some sense live in the pre- j sent. Their life-thoughts, customs, and beliefs, although with growing faintneBS, have come down through the ages and I impressed themselves on tho lives of their | descendants. It is the work of the student in folk-lore to collate these ancient fragments, trace out their faint lines, and give them an historic interpre tation. When this has been done the facts are found to have ethnological and sociological bearings of the greatest value in a study of human nature. The diffi culties which beset the scientific investi gation of English folk-lore are by no | means slight. The material is not only widely scattered but conflicting on account | of the great mixture of races in Western Europe. English folk-lore, like the English language, has grown by successive layers in a somewhat confused stratification. The earliest indi cations of man in Europe belong to what is known as the Palaeolithic, or Ancient Stone Period. Between this and the suc ceeding Neolithic, or Newer Stone Period, there is an evident want of continuity, in dicating that the people who used the latter were a new race of settlers on the ] soil. Another break of continuity we know to have taken place in historic times by the Teutonic and Norse invasions of | Britain and Gaul. In England we find the traditional customs and folk-lore that have come down through these several | channels blending in a very complicated manner. The superstitious practices of the British and Irish peasantry often seem weird and meaningless, and | are at times apparently constructed of conflicting elements. Their signi ficance can only be discovered by comparisons with those districts where the rustic population have been least affected by the mixture of races and who remain in a low state of culture. Thus the Teutonic elements in English folk lore can be most readily distinguished by a comparison witli the folk-lore of the Low Countries of Germany. What partakes of Norse mythology is found in its purest form amoDg the secluded valleys of Scan dinavia. The Celtic peoples are probably the direct lineal descendants cf the Neolithic stone fabricators, and possess a mythology distinct from the Saxons or N orsemen. For what may survive of the mythology of the Palaeolithic age we shall probably have to go to the Basque peasantry of Spain, an ancient and interesting people who appear to have occupied Western Europe be fore the incursions of the Celtic tribes. The Laps and Finns of the north may also be a branch of the descendants of Palaeolithic man in Europe. Should iden tification of popular legends fail us within the limits of our present civilization there is still the wider field of savage nations for comparison. How wide that field of enquiry is, and the close resemblance between many of these savage rites and customs and survivals in civilized com munities, have been shown by the re searches of Sir John Lubbock, Messrs. Ed. B. Tylor and Herbert Spencer, and others. Some popular customs which belong, in kind, to ancient fclk-lore have evidently arisen in comparatively recent times. The divination in a cup of tea, by means of small floating stalks of the tea plant, which are supposed to foreshadow " visitors," is an example; the same thing is portended by a piece of smut when it is partially detached from the bars of a coal fire and is blown in various directions by the wind. These evidently belong to a late period, as the use of tea, as well as coal, in Europe, is of recent introduction. The belief that it is unlucky to walk under ladders when they are standing erect may also be considered as modern as the chief use of the ladder is in connection with buildings of more than one story, which are peculiar to civilized conditions of society. These and many other Bimilar customs that could be mentioned are com paratively recent in their special form, but they are the direct results of the same phases of thought which produced the older folk-lore. The not uncommon practice of putting a poker over the top of a grate "to draw up the fire" is a good example of the mutation to which ancient customs are often subjeot. This practice is often performed in the present day by persons who would repudi ate all leanings to superstition. The domestic who adopts this method will probably explain that it is " to help the draught." But it does no such thing, and the practice is clearly traceable to the days of belief in witchcraft, the poker being placed at right angles to the bars of the grate so as to form a cross, and by this means exercise the evil influence that would not permit the fire to burn. To render the exorcism the more effective, domestics of the Roman Catholic faith have added an Ave Marie at the same time of placing the poker in position so as to break tbe evil spell. This iB an interesting instance of how a custom originating in the pagan notions of witchcraft has taken a Christian form in its passage, and has ultimately ended in a quasi-scientific justification of the habit in an attempt to meet the demands of this matter-of-fact age. The illustrations just given serve to show the discriminating care that is necessary in pursuing this subject on scientific grounds. What has been done hitherto has been principally in the form of gathering together all that can be saved from oblivion of the raw material. But little work of reconstruc tion has been attempted as yet. Inci dental and striking points of resemblance between the various local developments of folk-lore have been pointed out by various authors, but very little has been doue to reduce these to system. That there is much capable of accomplisment in that j direction is seen by the recently published work on " The Folk-Lore Relics of Early Village Life," by Mr. G. L. Gounne, F.S.A., the Hon. Secretary of the British Folk-Lore Society. But the j whole subject must be considered as yet | only in its "comparative" stage. We have already comparative sciences of language, religion, politics, and sociology, and to these must now be added compara-, tive folk-lore. All these sciences are at present in tbe stage of analysis—the synthetical results and the grand genera lizations that are likely to follow on the scientific treatment of these most inte resting themes will come in due course. 