S€ISHfiII€. Science Notes. According to the San Francisco Courier, the great glacier of Alaska is moving at the rate of a quarter of a mile per .annum. The front presents a wall of ice 500,feet in thickness ; its breadth varies from three to 10 miles, and its length is about 150 miles. Almost every quarter of an hour hundreds of tons of ice in large blocks fall into the sea, which they agitate in the most violent manner. The waves are said to be such that they toss about the largest vessels which approach the glacier as if they were email boats. The ice is extremely pure and dazzling to the eye ; it has tints of the lightest blue, as well as of the deepest indigo. The top is very rough and broken, forming small hills and even pTi^jtib of mountains in miniature. This immense mass of ice, said to be more than an average of 1000 feet thick, advances daily towards the sea. Dr. Lonie, of St. Andrews, has (says Engineering) lately drawn attention to some of the leading facts connected with the science of weather forecasts, and with the theory of circular storms. He states that a strict examination of the records of the weather in the GreenwichObservatory has conclusively proved that predictions based on the moon's changes are delusive. But in the matter of sun-spots the case is different. There is a remarkable concurrence of scientific opinion that the llj years' cycle of their recurrences lead to increased solar radiation, of which we have our share in the form of increased evaporation and rainfall, and consequent development of cyclonic and magnetic storms. Such a law, if once esta blished, would prove to be an important means of weather- forecasting -over long periods, and, looking backwards over the more remarkable weather events of the century, the doctor finds two witnesses equally for its truth and its value. It has been remarked that a mild winter in Europe often corresponds to a severe one in Asia and America, and that a mild winteT in America corresponds to a severe one in Europe. The years 1816-17 were marked in the history of Europe by a general famine and distress. The wet was such that the harvests failed entirely. But the south-west wind which blew without cessa tion over the western part of the continent, and which drenched it in its vapours, did not extend beyond Poland, and it was the south of Russia whose corn supported famished Europe. In 1846 there was a drought in Europe which damaged the corn crops, but America had in that year an abundant harvest. Such facts forcibly illustrate the important part played in the life of nations by variations in atmospheric cur rents, and the examples adduced correspond with the periods of T'»»'''''Tn SUn-spotS and Tniniminn gun spots compiled for the century by Dr. Wolf. Accord ing to Dr. Lonie, we are again approaching just such another period of lrm-ritminn sun- Bpots as happened in the year 1846. At a recent meeting of the Royal Society of Dublin a new instrument was shown. It is intended to de termine the magnitudes and colours of stars, and con sists of an arrangement by which a small luminous image or ghost-star can be thrown into the tube of the telescope and viewed at the same time as the real star, which is thus compared with it. The ghost-star is formed by the light of a Swan lamp, condensed by a reflector, and passed through neutral and tinted glasses, by which its size and colour are regulated. The accuracy of the standard sizes and colours depends on the lighting of the lamp, which is kept as constant as possible by proper electrical ar rangements It is well known to all students of science that the climate of a great part of Europe is vastly different now from what it was in the pre-historical ages. Fossils of tropical plants have been discovered in England, thus showing that the climate was at one period considerably 'warmer than it is now. But not many will be prepared to hear that many times within the last six centuries the summer weather was hotter than it is in the interior of Australia. Such, however, was the fact In 1303 and 1304, according to a re liable authority, the Rhine, Loire, and Seine ran dry. The heat in several French provinces during the summer of 1705 was equal to that of a glass furnace. Meat could be cooked by merely exposing it to the sun. Not a soul dare venture out between noon and 4 p.m. In 1718 many shops had to close. The theatres never opened their doors for three months. Not a drop of water fell during six months. In 1773 the thermometer rose to 118 degrees. In 1778 the heat at Bologne was so great that a large number of people were stifled. There was not sufficient air for the breath, and people had to take refuge under the ground. In July, 1793, the heat again became in tolerable. Vegetables were burned up, and fruit dried on the trees. The furniture and woodwork in dwel ling-houses cracked and split up, and meat went bad in an hour. On the subject of flying fish, a correspondent sent the following interesting communication to Nature: — 'An excellent opportunity of observing the aerial ttipstib of propulsion in the flying fish was afforded me during a 6ix days' calm lately when crossing the Bay of Bengal. This must be my excuse for again touching this subject. I watched day by day some hundreds rise under the bows of the ship. The water surface was a glassy calm. As each fish rose it spread its wings at once, apparently beating the surface with them two or'three strokes before they steaided out. I say apparently, for it was not a definite beat so much as a struggle to rise. The tail which, of course, under water was in rapid motion, to escape from the ship, now gave 10 or a dozen rapid beats, which could be counted by the ripples on the still surface, and the fish was off in aerial flight. As each fish lost the impetus of the first rise, which generally happened at about 40 yards, the binoculars showed us the anal fins, which had till now been fully ex tended, drooping to feel the water. As soon as the surface was felt the tail was quickly introduced, and five or six smart strokes, also indicated by ripples, brought the impetus up again -and carried the flab. I about another 30 yards, when another drocp sent it. I on again, and eo forth, some of die older fish travel- I ling in this way 400 to 500 yards. The younger fish 1 frequently fell awkwardly in this attempt to regain impetus. Where waves are running it requires _e clever fish to gain impetus by a few judicious strokes on the crests of a wave, and many a fish tumbles over in the attempt. I once saw a. fish rise close to the ship's quarter, and it flew parallel with the ship, pursued by a dolphin or bonita. The latter followed every sway of the flying fish, keeping almost under it. At the first dip of the tail the pursuer made,a dart forward, but missed it» and again dogged its prey by keeping just under it. On the second dip the tail went into its pursuer's mouth, and there was an end of the flyer. It always struck me that it seemed a strain on the fish to keep the wings extended.' '. 