THEATRICAL GOSSIP. —Theatre Royal. Pantomime. —Now Princess' Theatre. W. G. and M.'s Opera Co. —Alexandra Theatre. Simonsen's Italian Opera Co. —Bijou Theatre. Darrell's Company. —Opera House. Boucicault-Brough Company. —St. George's Hall. Sigs. Tessero and Agrati's Variety Company, —victoria Hall. Clark's Combination. —Matthews' Circus in the provinces. —St. Leon's Circus, Melbourne suburbs. —Ridgway and Wirth's Circus. Close to Public Library. —Woodyear's Circus. Port Darwin, or there-abouts. —G. C. Kennedy, Came George and Co. South Australian tour. —Courts' Pantomime Company. Ballarat. —Haymau Dramatic Company. Warrnambool, etc. —Gifford and the Strasburg clock are now located in Sydney. —Grattan Riggs is shortly to play a Sydney season. —Oscar Smith and Party. In South Australia, where they have done good business. —" Whittington and his Cat" is the MacMalion-Leitch Christmas production in Brisbane. Johnny O'Neill and Teddy Eyan—clown and pantaloon. Miss Jessie Grey plays Dick Whittington. —Rignold and forces doing the provinces for the holidays. —On a certain occasion a celebrated " star" was playing Macbeth, when the first murderer, either through stupidity or nervousness, forgot the entire text of bis part, and the dialogue consequently took this strange turn. Macbeth: "There's blood upon thy face." Murderer, with his mind drifting miles away, and perfectly unconscious of what he was saying: " There is." Macbeth, staggered for a moment as to how he shall proceed, asked suggestively, " Is't Banquo's blood?" Murderer, mechanically: " It is." Macbeth: " Thou art the best o' cut-throats." Murderer, interrupting: "I am." Macbeth, with a groan : "Yet he's good that did the like for Fleance." Murderer, smiling idiotically: "He is," Macbeth, now wildly spasmodic: "I'll brain you when I come oil!"—aloud and suggestively, as before: " Is not Fleance 'scaped ?" Murderer: " He is." Macbeth . "Then comes my fit again." Murderer: "It does.', - Macbeth, making a rush at the murderer: "You con' founded brute, getout." Murderer, with a startled jump " " I will!" and he did. : —The new North Carlton servant asked for an evening out, which a kindly mistress gave her. "But where," she asked, "do you want to go to so particularly?" " The Such and such a Music Hall." " Why, what is the great attraction there ?" " Well, mum, they tell me there is a little girl who is going to excite." —"Norma" was not given as promised on Boxing Night, owing no doubt to the "Normas" preparation required. —A great singer not long ago was invited to turn lier talentB to lucrative advertising purposes by an enterprising Yankee. He wants the lady to sing portions of " Faust" in costume, particularly tho ballad of The King of Thule, where, instead of the traditional spinningwheel. she shall be working a particular mode of sewing machine, bearing the name of the manufacturer outlined by incandcscent lamps. The fair artist would receive an additional £000 to her salary every time she used the machine in public. —Rather Haukward this.—When Minnie Hauk sang in " Tin Cup," twelve Apache chiefs retired behind the theatre after tho entertainment and drew lots to see who should marry her. We wish we had some Apache chiefs here iu Melbourne. —Colonel John Hay, who wrote "Jim Bludsoe," says when he first heard Charlotte Cushruan recite that poem ho wept and wondered who on earth could have written it. —That popular actor, Joe Polk, is in New York with his well-known comedy, " Mixed Pickles." —The other night a number of young fellows found their way into the Nugget Theatre, and conducted themselves iu such a holiday-making manner that Mr. Lilly was compelled to make a neat little speech for their edification. Now, had the usual oily-headed larrikin been the cause of trouble the chances are that he'd have gone out in a handful. But in this case they were welldressed. —A matinee at the Avenue Theatre was given on Nov. 3 for tho purpose of affording the numerous admirers of Mr. Sims Reeves an opportunity of seeing him once more as Captain Macheath in " The Beggar's Opera." The audience was numerous, and would have probably been more numerous than it was had the play been given at a larger theatre. Mr. Sims Reeves sings and acts Macheath in his own way, and tho public attaching to everything he does a pretium affectionis, are satisfied. That is all he and they require, and any further criticism of the performance would be superfluous, beyond the statement that the popular tenor was in good voice, and went- through the part with unabated spirit from beginning to end. —Papers recently roceived from America speak of a very successful debut just made by Miss Fortescue, at the Lyceum, New York. She cho6e Mr. Gilbert's " Gretchen," a play which has never had its due chance on the London stage, for the occasion, and though she is found fault with for " blinking her eyes," she seems to have been much admired in the title part. Amongst her supporters is Mr. Charles Sugden, whose quiet Mephisto has evidently made a hit. —The Ballad of the Hat.—One evening at the theatres a maid before me sat, whose gentle brow was shaded by an elephantine hat. A plume upon it nodded, the flaring brim was wide, and bristling bits of various birds stuck out on every 6ide. It towered above the footlights, aggressively and loud; the actors were invisible, the play was in a cloud. I could not see the stage at all, and scarcely heard the star, whose voice came round that awful hat, an echo from afar. Between the acts she turned her head; her face was fair to see, aud innocent of all offence, she dropped a 6mile to me, I knew her then. O cruel Fate ! my heart went pit-a-pat: I would have loved that maiden, but I could not love her hat. And now two lives are blighted, forever stale and fla t; for over both there grimly falls the shadow of the hat. —Great Actress—I see the heroine of your plav starts as a 6treet-beggar. Author.—Yes, but— " It is an excellent play throughout, and I will appear in it; but you must make a change in the first part" " Certainly, anything you wish. "Well, put in a few lines to explain that the diamonds I wear while begging are heir-looms, and that the dress is a present from Worth." —The following passage of arms occurred between the manager of a large provincial theatre and a member of his company. Manager.—Late again to rehearsal, hang it I Actress.—Yes, I was having my hair curled I Manager.—You had no need to be present on the occasion I —One of our many country cousins at present in town took a run into the Nugget Theatre the other evening The two cornermen were wrestling with the well-worn gag in which they both quarrel, and finally BoneB is told to go and get Ins screw at the box office. The latter then —not the box office or the screw, but Bones—appears in the gallery with a gun, takes deadly aim and kills Ms companion. So far, so good. Judge, however, of the astonishment ,of the audience when the country cousin above referred to went for and fetched the would-be assassin, gun and all. The young man from the country would not believe that it "was all in the play" and exclaimed "No yer don't. I 'olds ver till a constable comes. The constable came (this may look like romancing, but a constable did come). He was,a he.raetted, gloved and buttoned super attached to the establishment. The country cousin pulled a very long mouth when he discovered, as he himself »ut it " Blessed if I haint been 'ad!" —Here's an item of news: — Mr. Fleming Norton has been engaged by Mr. J. N. Maskelyne to give a short selection of impersonations and songs from his musical and nautical repertoire, at the Egyptain Hall Mr. Norton, it appears, is getting on. 'When he made his first Melbourne appearance at the Nugget Theatre, he was not an overwhelming success. —By-the-way, what has become of Frank Weston? We never see him now. —A member of the orchestra at the Alexandra Theatre fell down a staircase and was conveyed to the hospital One of the young ladies, too, Miss Graupner, met with a similar accident, fortunately unattended with serious njury. —Judging by Boxing (there's a joke) Day experiences, some of our chorus people are on " strike." —We regret to learn that Miss Emily Soldene has been very ill with bronchitis and fever in Philadelphia. —J. J. Wallace, the "man from America," in New York. —Patti is doing New York. She is Bet down for San Francisco next month. —Our old friend—or, beg pardon, young friend—Miss Jeannie Winston, is in New York. A local paper says that one of the chorus was precipitated to the floor by stumbling against a protruding piece of scenery. The calmness of Miss Winston, however, prevented the matter from distracting attention, and from thence forward everything went smoothly. Jeannie Winston is almost as new to us as if she had never been here, hence her "Boccaccio," in song and action, captivated the people from the start. Perhaps the gem of her work is the simulation of the olive boy, wherein 6he is really clever, and never fails to bring down the house. Our glorious climate, from the influence of which none escape, has been at work upon the members of this company, which accounts for shortcomings in several of the more trying numbers, though it was not so noticeable in the concerted pieces. —"Fred W.Millis, the Australian ventriloquist, who has just made his second appearance in America at the Madison-street Theatre, is certainly one of the most remarkable ventriloquial performers that has ever appeared in this country. He has strange mimetic power and versatility of voice, and the apparent absolute rigidity of the mouth aud facial muscles of a cleanshaven, youthful face makes the illusion complete. Mr. Millis sings duets and quartets, and displays much versatility as a dialectician." This is from the Daily Enter Ocean. Fred, itwill be remembered, was very well-known here in connection with Mr. Moulton—of Pain paint notoriety. —Kate C&stleton; has introduced a taking specialty in " Crazy Patch" called the " Three Little Maids who Never Went to School." Clay M. Greene has written a play called " Hans, the Boatman," for Charles Arnold, who was in England with Minnie Palmer's company. It will be produced in London at the Gaiety Theatre after the pantomime season. —W. J. Florence, of New York, has leceived three different cablegrams from Australia offering big inducements for himself and wife for a year's tour of " the island continent." So Harry Emmet, of "Theatrical Holiday Book" fame, is doing America. Wonder how many sensations he intends writing ? And what about the burlesque, now it's pantomime season, eh ? —A ghost scone in " The Mystic Isle," running at Geo. Brotherton's Temple Theatre in Philadelphia, introduces a luminous skeleton which performs a weird dance and then makes its disappearance. As long as the host shows up, they're all right. The vision, by-the-way, loesn't always put in an appearance with travelling troupes in Victoria. —Do we all know Add., late of Clark aud Ryman ? Yes of course, we do. A 'Frisco paper thus tackles him:— " The slim attendance at the Standard this week is attributed to the convulsing effects of Ad. Ryman's dry humour as tho middle-man of the peerless female firstpart rather than as the result of the ' new departure' in attempting to run a show without the aid of the usual newspaper advertising." \- Dan Harkins will head a company to play the cheap Eastern theatres. In alluding to the failure at the California, Harkins intimated that San Francisco proved too small for so grand a venture. —Bernhardt has made another contract with Abbey and will extend her tour under his management to Australia, India, Egypt, Constantinople, Germany and Russia. —Miss Genevieve Ward in August next commences a six months' tour of the English provinces and then plays an engagement at the London Haymarket. She has bought a home at Shauklin and proposes to retire aud rest there. —Jennie Winston's first appearance in opera in "Frisco was in male character—the part of Nemesis, in the original American production of " La Belle Helene," at the Baldwin Theatre (then called Baldwin's Academy of MuBic) September 4th, 187C, with Emelie Melville in the title role. Miss Winston is said to have made a superblooking youth. By-the- way, Jennie Winston occupied a stage-box at the Tivoli not longago and presented a very handsome stand of flowers to Helen Dingeon, who expressed her appreciation in a very neat manner for the compliment from " the greatest living Boccaccio on the American 6tage." The audience likewise gave demonstrative evidence of its appreciation and the exchange of compliments. —If report be true, Patti will receive the modest honorarium of £1000 for the two concerts. This will be Bcandalous if she did not give a hint that she would subscribe to the funds of the National League—when the concert is over. How long after it is over is not mentioned, nor is how much she intends to subscribe specified. We believe Adelina studies diplomacy in the wary, wily Russian school. —The Alleyne-Wade-Mallaby Company came to grief on their New Zealand trip, and are benefiting. Wish we could benefit, We can't. —Here's the way they do things in the London papers:—The hero of the following anecdote was once a theatrical manager, but he now is tho fortunate possessor of a large bauking-account, accumulated by writing bright plays, which are gorgeously mounted iu a suburban theatre, but where all the actors are gentlemen by law, and the actresses real ladies by courtesy. This is the anecdote: Arthur Stubbins Downheart Perkins once took a journey to obtain ideas for his new play for the " Realistic." He had a lady companion—sho was not his cousin. She was not his wife—perhaps she was his sister. I do not know, but she may have been. A. S. D. Perkins took lodgings in the swellest hotel in Arcffid. Thereis a theatre in that town. Though it is small it has a drama-loving population of a hundred soiils, a mauager, a manager's wife, and a lot of other things not worthy of mention. The great playwright once was an actor in that theatre. There he met his wife. There he married her. The day after he took up his residence in the town, the local newspaper, the Splutter, announced the arrival in Arcffid of Mr. and Mrs. Perkins. The old manager called to see the great man. The manager had given the lady away in church to be the wife of Perkins' bosom, and, of course, knew her well. He hired a carriage and pair to viBit Arthur and his Mrs. He ruBhed upstairs, pushed over Perkins, clasped fervently and with semi-parental affection both the hands of Kate, calling her Mrs. Perkins. Of course he knew her (she had been ten years in his company). Enquired how all the children were. How many there were. How was mother, and a lot more " Hows," till the lady blushed. Perkins was callous, and is callous, hence his sweetness of manner to men and his indifference to women. The waiter rushed in to say that the carriage was waiting for Mr. and Mrs. PerkinB with Mrs. Manager in it. Arthur then realised his position, called his old friend outside, and whispered, " You duffer I Mrs. P— is not my wife ; she is my—well, she is tay—colldboratew," And the manager believed manager believed him and gave them a private box that night in the theatre, but Perkins did not go; he started at once for London to stage-manage an imminent domestic drama. 