BIBLE CHRISTIAN CONFERENCE. The sittings of the Bible Christian Con ference were resumed at the Pcung- Btreet Church on Thursday, Feb. 25. The Rev. G. H. Paynter moved—"ThatJ a second minister be appointed to the Silver ton Misson next year. The motion was carried unanimously. The Rev. W. T. Isaacs said the Hallett people desired the Conference to send a single minister to their circuit. The Rev. J, Thobne would have liked to _ have seen a request from Hallett asking that the district should be joined to the Burra Circuit. Hallett could not support a minister, and they need not send a preacher there. The district could easily be worked from the Burra. Be moved a motion in accordance with his views. The Rev. T. Piper seconded. The Rev. W. W. Finch thought for the present it was better to let things remain as they were. The WeBleyans were waiting an opportunity to open in Hallett. The Rev. W. F. James said the Hallett people had bad to raise £72 after receiving aid from the Missionary Society. The popu lation of the district was decreasing, and the members of the connexion in that place were beginning to acknowledge that they were not in a position to do much. The President thought it would be unwise to give np the circuit altogether. At hiB sugges tion the Rev, W. T. Isaacs moved that a single man be sent to Hallett, and the Kooringa preacher take the oversight. The Rev. X. McNeil thought that the Hallett people should be informed that it was the rule that after being in existence a certain number of years each circuit was sup posed to support a married man. The motion was agieed to. The Rev. H. Mason moved — "That the Conference Tecommeud that the United Committee take into consideration the advantage of uniting the Keilli and Port Broughton Circuits." He said the receipts in the Keilli Circuit from all sources last year only amounted to £80. There waa a joint com mittee of the two denominations specially formed with a view to work the district be tween them. The Rev. C. Tresise seconded. The President said that they could not drop Keilli out of their stations until they had consulted the joint committee, and the mo tion was withdrawn. The Rev. J. Dingle moved — " That the Wirrabara Circuit be discontinued in itB present form, and the various stations be joined on to adja cent circuits." The Rev. J. Pearce seconded, and agreed that the great depression throughout the district reneredd thiB step desirable. The Rev. VV. W. Finch strongly opposed the motion, which he characterised as snicidal. Negatived. The statistics of the denomination were stated to be 25 ministers, 155 local preachers, ICO Churches, 12 other preaching places, 2,509 members, 83 on trial, 33G admitted during the year. In connection with missions there were 6 ministers, 28 local preachers, 17 ChurchfB. 8 other preaching places, with 287 members and 12 on trial. There were 5 superannuated ministers. The increase in Churches during the year was 3, and the membership had decreased 7. There were 8 local preachers less and 2 preaching places less than last year. Reports from all the Circuits as to the spiritual condition of the Church were read. All of them were of a hopeful character, the majority announcing a slight increase of membership. Some discussion took place as to the unusually large number of members struck off the roll. This was attributed to the great commercial depression having driven many persons from the colony. Even tually the Rev. J. Roive moved—"That we rejoice to find from the resolutions in the District books on the spiritual state of the Connexion that some have profesBed conver sion in nearly all the Circuits during the year. For this we feel devoutly thankful to Almighty God, but wc are sorry to record a d< create, occasioned by removals brought about by the great commercial depression throughout the colony, the unfaithfulness of some, and the removal by death of between thirty and forty. We resolve, in the name and fear of God, to reconsecrate ourselves, and to iabour assiduously to build up the Church by seeking tbe conversion of sinners." The Rev. J. Trewin seconded. Carried. The Adelaide District Meeting forwarded a recommendation to the Conference that a record should be kept of all baptisms and an annual return be made. Not entertaiusd. The Adelaide District Meeting asked the Conference to authorize the Connexional Soli citor to supply a list of all Connexional deeds in bis possession. The information to be supplied. On the motion of the Rev. F. W. James, seconded by the Rev, J. Rowe, grati tude to God was expressed for the safe voyage to Englaud and hack of tbe Rev. J. Collins, and the Conference cordi ally welcomed him ou settling ia the colony. The President announced that a resolution was submitted by the Burra Dis trict Meeting to the Conference as follows:— *' Serious difficulty and inconvenience having arisen, and the Missionary Society having wintered great loss trom the present practice of preachers leaving their Circuits before Lady Day, receiving their quarter's salary from the new station, tbey requested the Conference to decide that in ail cases the minister be paid for his services for the quarter current from the station he was leaving." The Kadina District Meeting j recommended the Conference to alter the rule with respect to the payment of salaries to make the Circuit the minister was leaving £ay his salary. The Yankaliila District leeting "recommended the Conference to consider any way whereby the Missionary Fund e u be protected in the case of a minister leaving the Circuit without receiving any appointment." After a prolonged dis cussion, the Rev. T. McNeil moved—"That as the present practice of preachers who change Circuits, not taking up salary after the Christmas quarterly meeting, has re sulted in a heavy loss to the Missionary Fund, we resolve that in future preachers shall receive their salaries for the Lady Day quarter in the Circuits where they have labouredduriog the said quarter." The motion was seconded, but negatived by 20 votes to 17. A motion empowering the sale of the old Mission-houBe at the Burra was passed. The Burra District Meeting requested that the denomination's paper should ne altered from a quarterly magazine to a monthly serial as barly as possible. ^ In the evening the Young-street Bible Christian Church was well filled, the occa sion being the " experience" meeting. The President took the chair, and several mem bers of the Conference delivered addresses. The annual session of the Bible Christian Conference was continued at the Young si reet Church on Friday, February 26. The Rev. J. Raymond, the Secretary of Sunday-schools, read the annual report, which testified to the sympathy which Sunday-school work had had at tho hands of tiie body since 1S19. The financial aspect was most encouraging, the income for the rr&-., including firevious balances, being £1.351 7s. Sd , being an increase over last j i ar of £0 fls. 1 Id. The talal expenditure had teen £1,175 2s. 8d., leaving a credit balance of £176 4s. lid. The statistical sphere of the work did not show such a .marked success, as with an increase of 6 schools and 38 teachers there was a decrease of 56 scholars. This might be accounted for by the depres sion having rendered the population very shifting; but, still, the teachers and pastors should exercise watchful care over the scholars, l'be total number of scholars was 6,109, of which 109 had been converted: There were 960 teachers. The report was adopted. The Rev. T. Piper brought up the first report of the committee appointed to manage the affairs of Way College. It stated that after the committee had elected officers and sub-committee a public meeting, which was a great success, was held to celebrate the inauguration of the institution. Resolutions endorsing the action of the committee and pledging the meeting to support the organiza tion were passed, and at the close it was found that promises amounting to £1,016 14s. had been received. The promises since received brought this amount up to £1,220 8s., beeideB another £250 promised by His Honor the Chief Justice, who presided over the public meeting. This testified to the fact that the people of their denomination ap proved of the action of the last Conference and assured them of the ultimate success of the venture. The General Committee, after consideration, advised the Conference that providing a good building could be obtained and a suitable head master secured arrange ments should be made to commence teaching in connection with Way College during the preeent year. It was considered unnecessary to wait until the building was erected ana paid for to begin the actual work of the j College. They further reoommended the Con ference to set apart a minister to be col lector for the funds of Way College. It was felt that to leave matters haphazard would be to court failure. The committee suggested the appointment of Mr. Thorne. The Con ference were asked to authorize the Secretary to communicate with Mr. W. G. Torr, ana infonn him that the feeling of the committee was unanimously in favour of his being the Head Master of Way College, and to ascer- f tain if he would be willing to accept the position if the Conference unanimously j chose him. Correspondence was accordingly opened with Mr. Torr, who had since made an offer that would delay the opening of the College for two or three years, | bus which if agreed to by the Conference would be a great advantage to the College in the future. Mr. Torr proposed to proceed to England at his own expense, attend Oxford University, get a degree, and return to take charge of the College as head master. This i would give him all the educational status required and a first-class position in regard to our University, and other men holding ap point mentB from Way College would reap the advantage in the future. Another suggestion bad been made to the General Committee which met on Tuesday last. It was that a system of founders' scholarships should be adopted. If it were permitted this would be laid before the Conference for considera tion. It was gratifyiog to find that outside the Bible Christian denomination the Way College movement had been viewed with general approval, and there could be no doubt that with judicious and constant effort a high-class educational institution will within a reasonable time become an accomplished fact. The report was adopted. The .Rev. T, Piper moved—"That a col lector be appointed to collect funds during the year for Way College." Carried. It was decided that the Rev. J. Thome should be relieved of all Circuit work and undertake the duties of collector. It was further re solved that Mr. Terr's offer should be ac cepted. Some discussion took place as to the terms on which scholarships in Way College should be conferred. The Rev. T. Piper submitted regulations which were slightly amended. It was determined that Crystal Brook should be added to the Kadina District, and Orroroo restored to the Port Augusta District. The Rev. G. Tuobke moved—" That Circuits not having paid their share of the missionary debt shall not be entitled to retain the surplus of missionary receipts above their estimate." The Rev. J. Hancock, Jcn., seconded. Negatived. The amounts to be contributed to the missionary funds by the different Circuits were reallocated. A letter was read by the President, signed by an " Arminian Methodist," atatiug that he believed great good would be accom plished by setting apart a Bible Christian minister as an evangelist. He belitved they had a man specially adapted for the work, and he would be pleased to contribute £20 towards the first year's expenses if the Con ference saw its way clear to make such an appointment. The debate was adjourned. It was suggested that £10 out of the Missionary Fund should be granted to wards paying off the debt on the Jerusalem Church in the Kadina Circuit, provided the Church was sold and the lriends made up the balance of the debt duriog the year. it was stated by the delegate that the debt on the Church was £00, principal and interest. They had an offer of £30 for the building, which it was desirable to accept. After discussion it was decided to devote the amount from the Chapel Fund. In the evening the annual temperance meeting in connection with the Conference was held in the Young-street Bible Christian Church. The attendance was good, and the S cv. J. Trewin presided. Interesting and prac tical addiesseB were delivered by the Revs. G. J. Sampson, J. Collings, and O. Lake, and Mr. G. Anderson, in addition-to the Chair man. The annual seBBion of the Bible Christian Conference was resumed at the Young- street Church on Saturday morning, February 27. Some diBCUEsion took place as to the neglect of certain delegates who were announced to address the temperance meeting on Friday night to do so. A motion of censure was submitted by the Rev. G. J. Sampson, but this was Dot seconded, and the matter dropped after the President had sarcastically ex pressed the opinion that the explanatioas were very satisfactory. The President reported that the com mittee appointed at the last Conference to confer with a committee of the Primitive Methodist denomination on matters of mutusl interest to the two bodies met, and the joint committee decided to hold a cublic meeting in the Town Hall, at which Methodist New Connexion delegates should be invited to discusB with the Bible Christians and Pi imitive Methodists the question of the union of thethree denominations and thead visability of establishing a weekly newspaper to pro mote the interests of the various denomina tions. The Conference approved of the ptoposal to bold a meeting, as suggested hy the committee. On the question of the paper the Rev. F. W. James moved—" Tlmt believing a monthly serial very essential to promote Cnnnexional attachment, unity, and co operation, we decide to provide such a publication as early as possible ; _ that it appears in eemi-newspaper form without a wroppi r; and that the price be no more than 4d. per coi y." Mr. G. Anoebson Beconded The Rev. J. Rowe moved as an amendment —" That the question of a monthly serial to take the place of the Quarterly Magazine be referred to the General Committee to report to the next Conference." The Rev. H. Mason seconded. After discussion the motion was withdrawn in favour of the amendment, which was carried. The Rev. T. McNeil then proposed—"That the Quarterly Magazine be enlarged to thirty two pageB." The Rev. W. W. Finch seconded. Negatived. The Rev. W. W. Finch moved—" That we are of opinion that it is premature to attemct the publication of a weekly newspaper to be the joint property of the Primitive Methodist denomination and our own. We can see that many advan tages would be secured by such a publication, hut we cannot see our way at present to undertake such an enterprise." This was seconded, and carried. The annual cession of the Bible Christian Conference was continued at the Young street Bible Christian Church on Monday, March 1, under the presidency of the Rev. 0\. Lake. The list of stations was finally read sb follows :— Adelaide District.—Adelaide, J. Trewin, J. Foster (Book Steward), J. Thorne (Secre tary to the Conference); Bowden, O. Lake, T. Roberts, T. Allen (supernumerary); Good wood, J. Rowe; Eastwood aud Kensington, J. Dingle, C. Martin (to attend Union College), J. Hancock (supernumerary): Port Adelaide, W. H. Cann; Gawler, J. H. Ashton, E. A. Kemp; Chairman of Dietrict, U. Lake; Chapel Secretary, J. Diugle; Sun day-school Secretary, W. H. Cann. Yankalilla District. — Yaukalilla and WillungB, R. Lang; Clarendon and Willunga, W. Richards (and Chairman of District); Port Elliot, James Pearce (and Snnday school Secretary); Mount Lofty, T. Piper John Pearce; Mount Torrens, G. Varley (and Chapel Secretary); Millicent, one to be sent. Burra District. — Burra, W. F, James (and Chapel Secretary); Kapunda, F. Bullock (and Sunday • school Secretary); Auburn, J. Raymont (and Chairman of Dis trict) ; Riverton, J. Collings; Hallett, W. T, Isaac; Silverton, G. H. Paynter, T. Heard. Kadina Dietrict. — Kadina. E. Hill; Moonta, T. McNeil (and Chapel Secretary); Balaklava, T. Hillman (and Chairman of District); Kulpara, H. Mason (and Sunday school Secretary); Crystal Brook, T. E. Keen; Keilli, C. Young; Snowtown, C. TreBise. The pastor of Crystal Brook to have the oversight of Keilli. Port Augusta District. — Port Auguata, J. Hancock, jun. (and Sunday-school Secre tary) ; Gladstone, W, W. Finch (and Chair man of District); Wilmington, R. C. Yeoman (and Chapel Secretary); Wirrabara, E. J. Sampson; Quorn, W. H. Peters; Port Ger mein, J. G. Martin; Orroroo, J. Stayel; CarrietOD, W, Pett. The pastor of the Gladstone Church to have the oversight of Carrieton, and the pastor of Port Augusta to have the oversight of Ouorn. I Tie Secretary co the Missionary Society (the Rev. T. Piper) presented the annual report, which stated that the year's labours had not been altogether in vain, conversions. [ having taken place in mOBt of the stations. The young had been taught in the Sabbath schools, and hundreds were thus being led into the paths of righteousness. The cause' of temperance had been promoted in con nection with the gospel, and many had thus j been reclaimed trom evil habits. The sick and dying had been visited, and life and light had been brought into their hours of darkness and doubt. In some respects the past year had been one of almost unexampled trial. The commercial depression which had everywhere prevailed culminated in the failure of the late harvest. This had sorely interfered with the nuances in most of the stations, and in various ways limited the scope of operations. A considerable number of the members of the Churches and congregations had been compelled to remove to other localities aud colonies, and were thus lost to the Churcn, After all their numbers were but few less than last year. The ordinary receipts to the General Mission Fund were upwards of £88 above those of last year. A few pounds had also been contiibuted to the reduction to the mission debt; £78 2s. (id. had been sub scribed to the tuud for defraying the cost of biinging ministers from England. Two daughters of the President forwarded £G lis. they bad gathered toward toe Silver ton Mis sion, aud the Secretary would be glad if their example was followed by other young people. Reports on the work done in several districts were read. The Adelaide District report stated that they bad had disappointments, afflictions, and death, but the promise bad been fulfilled, '■I will never leave thee." A few had joined the Church—some from the Sabbath-schools —though the increase had been but small. The Sunday-school, while not large, was healthy. The West Adelaide congregation had improved considerably. The Goodwood people reported affairs as stationary, except at Happy Valley, where the congregation had increased. The local preachers had been regular in fulfilling their appointments. In the Eastwood and Kensington Churches thirty-five persons had been admitted into fellowship, and after filling vacancies there was a small increase of members. The Sunday-schools were improving, but class rooms were required for the senior scholars. Fort Adelaide reported eight more members than last year, although twenty-eight had removed. Port Elliot announced a slight increase of members and decrease of the trust debt. Fort Augusta reported alterations of a substantial character to the Church during the year, and a steady increase of members. The Silverton statement was most encouraging, the number of members having steadily increased during the year, and a numerously attended Sunday-school had been established. The Treasurer's state ment showed the income as £522 5s. 10d., and the expenditure £851 19s. 10d., including deficiency of £355 le. lOd last year, and in terest on same £24 17s. The grants to missions amounted to £254 Is. 5d. The mis sionary debt allocated among the various Circuits last year stood at £766 lis. 4d., and the accrued intereat amounted to £5713s. 3d. towards this £10 10s. bad been received. Seme years ago the Conference decided that the Circuits which were unable to pay their share of the debt Bhould pay the interest on the amounts due by them. A discussion ensued as to the advisability of requiring the Circuits to pay this interest, but it was ulti mately decided "That the interest on the missionary debt be charged this year to the current account." The balance-sheet of the Ministers' Passage Fund showed a credit balance of £8818s. 10d. 1 be Chapel Secretary (Rev. W. Richards presented the report for the jrasfc year as followsAfter carefully reviewing the past year's operations we are happy to be able to state that the returns from the various districts show that there is no de muse of interest in this important branch. It is very natural to suppose that the great cuiin.trrial depression which has existed throughout the oolouy during the past year h ir btid a prejudicial effect on our finances, aud yet the income of the past year, £7,216 3s. Id., is perhaps the largest we have ever baa. Five new CburcheB, one minister's residence, and one schoolroom have been bnilt during the year, the aggregate cost of which is £2,094 7s. 9d., towards which the noble sum of £1,087 13s. 2d., more than half of the whole, has been raised. Some very noble efforts are worthy of special reference. At Crystal Brook the entire debt on the Chnrch (£'200) has been wiped off. A Bmall Church at Bendleby, erected at a cost of £177, has been opened free of debt. At Kooringa a substantial and beautiful manse has been built, and considerably more than half the outlay has been met. Adelaide District.—A new Church has been opened at West Hindmarsh in the Bowden Circuit; cost, £314 15b. Id.; amount raised, £105 2s. 6d., leaving a debt of £210. Repairs have been made in the Happy Valley Chnrch at a cost of £2012s. 5d.. and amount met. Debts have been reduced as followsWest Ade laide, £18 Is. 5d.; Findon, £50; New l'hebar ton, £20; Sturt, £30; Portland Estate, £13; Clanviile,£30; Albertoo,£20; Smithiield, £10. More than £10 have been spent in repairs, &c.;, on the manse at Angle Vale. A new organ has been placed in the Church at Woolshed at a coBt of £25. and one in the Church at Fullar ton, coat £34. The cost in each case, I under stand, has been met, but does not appear in the returns. New classrooms have been erected in Adelaide Church and paid for. At Goodwood the trustees have £114 in hand, and I understand intend to reduce the Church debt £100 forthwith. Yankalilla District.—Repairs costing several pounds have been made at Maclaren Church aud Schoolroom, and paid. A new porch has "• *' - Chi ' " ~ been added to the Church at Harrogate, and cost met. Debts have been reduced on the following trustsMyponga, £25 15s.; Wellington, £10; Middleton, £10; Forest road, £10; aud. Middleton manse, £5. Burra District.—A new manse has been built at Kooringa; cost, £745; amount raised,£393 7s. 10d.; present debt, £351 12s. 2d.; there are outstanding promises to the amount of £14. At Rye, in the Orroroo Circuit, a new Church has been erected at a cost of £343 3s. 10d.; raised, £107 10e.; debt, £13519s. lOd. A new Cbnrch has also been built at Silver ton ; coBt, £38810s. 2d.; raised, £13810s. 2d.; leaving a debt of £250. A new wall haB been built in front of the Church at Kooringa, also a new gate supplied; cost, £38 4s. Ventilation and other improvements made in the Church at Mount Bryan coBt £14 14s. Repairs and improvements at Kapunda cost £16. Lower Skilley Church has been renovated; cost, £13 10s. At Hallett a new platform for the singers has been erected and other improvements made, cost £13 6s. Morchard Church has been supplied with new seats, cost £39, and Vallowav Church repaired, cost £10 4s. In each of those cases the entire cost has been met. At Watervale the schoolroom has been thoroughly renovated and new seated, a new gate fixed, and the ground planted with trees, cost £88 Is. lOd.; amount raised, £46 Is. lOd. At Riverton a new organ has been bought at a cost of £60, towards which £50 has been raised. Debts have been reduced as follows : —Kooringa. £20; Auburn, £100; Wakefield, £35; Higher Skiliey, £20; Riverton, £25, and Orroroo, £15 6s. Kadina District. — A new Church has been opened during the year at Dalkev, in the Balablava Circuit; cost, £145 12s. 8d.; raised, £104 2s. 8d. A new schoolroom has been built at Penang, in the Moouta Circuit; cost, £80; raised, £61. At Snowtown the Church property has been substantially fenced and the Church renovated; cost, £80; raised, £50. Debts have been reduced on the following trust estates:—Wallaroo Mines, £29; Wulamulka, £22 9s.; Moonta, £52; Moonta Mines. £25; Cross Roads, £30; East Moouta, £50; and South Balaklava, £10. Port Augusta District.—A new Church has been built at Bendleby, in the Carrieton Ciicuit; cost, £177; opened free of debt. The Church at Port Augusta has been considerably enlarged, and a lecture ball and three claBBrooms added, ren dering the building commodious and beautiful; coBt, £1,405 17s,; towards which about £220 have been raised; the debt has been increased £1,19215s. 7d. The Church at Richiran's Creek has been ceiled, plastered, and painted ; cost, £42 17s. 4d.. and amount laised. At Crystal Brock Manse a supply of v ater has been laid on at a cost of about £30; amount raised. Debts have been reduced as fellows -.—Crystal BrooK, £200, Church now free j Narridy, £36 12s.; Booleroo Centre, £40, Church now free; Quoro, £115; Rich man's Creek, £10; Baroota, £15; and Eurelia, £16 14s The returns show that we have 124 Churches, affording sitting accommodation for over 18,000 persons, 22 ministers' residences, 11 cottages, and 17 schoolrooms, being 1 Church, 2 manses, 3 cottages, and 1 schoolroom more than those reported, last year, making in all 136 trust estates. The following is the income for the year:—Balance from last year, £565 18s. 8d.; seat rents, £822 Is.: house and school rents, £097 7s. 9d.; towards new erections, £1,307 13s. 2d.; all otner income, £3,853 2s. Gd.; total income, £7,246 3s. Id. The expenditure is as follows'To last year's balance, £190 ISs. 2d.; interest on bonowed money, £1,765 5s. 3d.; to the ministry, £36612a. 5d.; new erections, improvements", and working expenses, £5,779 Os. ld.; and £1,019 7s. 6d. (being a little less than 4 per cent.) towards reduction of last year's liabilities; total expenditure, £9,121 7s. 9d. The debt at the present time is £27,685 5s. 5d., being £1,879 4s. 2d. more than the aggregate debt of laBt year." The Rev. J. Thorne, in moving the adoption of the report, Baid it bore out his theory that they got on better in bad seasons than in good. In good seasons the people got very wicked ; they required adversity to take some of the old Adam out of them. (Laughter.) The Rev. T. E. Keen seconded. Tbe Rev. T. McNeil considered the state ments in the report were in some caBes incor rect. If Bome of the properties were sold ihey would not realize the Secretary's valua tion. The President and others considered the valuations were very fair approximately. The report was adopted, and a vote of thankB accorded the Secretary. The Rev. J. Thorne read the Trust Debts Relief Fund report. It showed—Receipts, £213 6s. 7d., including £98 9s. 5d. balance in Bank disbursements by loan to Port Augusta £200, leaving a credit balance of £13 Us. 7d. in haDd. The loan account showed £1,580 lent, £920 repaid, and £640 still due by various Churches. The balance sheet was adopted, and thanks accorded the Secretary (Rev. J. Thorne). The business meeting then adjourned till this morning. Missionary Meeting. In connection with the Bible Christian Conference tbe annual missionary meeting was held in tbe Young-street Chapel on Monday afternoon. There was a fair atten dance, and Mr. J. Darling. M P., presided. The Evening Meeting. Tea and public meetings in aid of the Bihle Christian Missionary Fund were held iD the YouD£-strcet Church in the evening. Both were well attended, and at the open gathering His Honor the Chief Justice (the Hon, S. J. Wb%) presided. The Uhaibman, who was received with applanse, eaid it was a relief to turn from the story ot commercial disaster and forfeited confidence, of which every one was talking, to take part in a demonstration where success was certain and failure im possible. He was never more delighted with the character of any report and the speeches tbaD those he had nearcl that afternoon. He belh vtd that the record of the Bible Christian cause throughout the colony this year would be ae memorable a one as when the first two missionaries of the Connexion art i * k1 in the colony in 1850. He regretted that there were three missionary meetings in three different buildings that night. He would have liked the Conference to have been able to go in a body to attend the meet ing of the London Missionary Society that night. They owed a great deal to the London Missionary Society, which, if it .had done no mote, had stimulated their interest in mission work. He further regretted that they could not attend the Primitive Metho dist meeting; but the date of their meeting was fixed twelve months ago, and could not be altered. He was pleased that the cause was not only advancing in Sonth Aus tralia, but that the mission spirit was so strong in Victoria that they bad been able to lend the New Zealand Church the gifted Mr. Orchard. In Victoria they were carrying their missions to the Western Border, and he was pleased that the Con ference had decided not to abandon the South-East. (Applause.) The establish ment of the Silverton Mission was about the most important matter in the Bible Christian hiBtory of South Australia. It showed the true missionary spirit of their denomination. He hoped the time would come when they would be able to Bend oiit from the colony missionaries to all parts of the world after the ground at home had been broken up. When he read the story told by Dean Bnssell in his ser mon on the Commercial Bank failnre of tbe Church of England clergyman who would cot sell his shares when ne received timely intimation because otherB who were not so well informed as himself would be deceived, he recognised that that gentleman wsb a man with whom they could trust their children. His self-sacrifice was a noble one, but in keeping with it was tbe offer of Mr. Torr, who nad agreed to give up one of the highest positions it was possible to hold under the Education Department, go home at his own expense, take a degree, and then come out to take charge of Way College at a mere nominal salary. (Applause.) This was a noble deed, and would iospire in their minds the utmost confidence in the institution. Such an action would have its influence on the boys attending that College, and they could confidently look forward to men coming out of it who would emulate the deeds of their first missionaries and be ready to take the gOBpel into China and the uttermost parts of the earth. (Applause.) He heped the current year would be the most successful the Bible Christian Mis sionary Society had ever experienced. (Ap plause.) The Rev. J. Collings moved— "That we hereby record our gratitude to God for the many tokens of Hie pleasure with which tbe Society has been favoured during the past year; for the help afforded to His servants in time of trial; for the measure of success with which He has crowned their united labours; and we earnestly pray that in the ensuing year all connected with mission work may receive a larger baptism of the Holy Ghost, and be made more abundantly successful in leading men to Christ. He referred at length to the great extension of the Connexion in England during the last few years, and said the result had been almost beyond the most sanguine hopes of those who bad inaugurated the movement which had established their denomination in all the centres of population iu the old country. Foremost amoDg the institutions that was achieving such a marked succes was Shebbear College. With such a brilliant example before them of the revival of the missionary spirit, they should not rest until a like work in proportion had been accomplished in thi8 colony. TheRev. S. Wellington (President of the Primitive Methodist Conference) in seconding expressed his pleasure at being able to convey to them the fraternal greeting of the Primitive Methodist District Meeting sitting at that time at Wellington- square. The Primitive Methodists, like themselves, were working in the common cause of humanity. The Primitive Methodist Connexion wished the ISible Christians godspeed in their work throughout the colony. The work wa9 a philanthropic one. Its object was to lift the needy from the dunghill auil ease the heavy heart. The Rev. J. Thorne in supporting said the interior of Australia required evangelizing quite as mnch as the interior of Africa. The motion was carried. A collection was then taken up, over £70 being contributed. A comprehensive vote of thanks closed the meeting. The annual session of the Bible Christian Conference was continued at the Young street Bible Christian Church on Tuesday, March 2, under the presidency of the Rev. 0\. Lake. It was determined that the esti mate of the missionary money to be raised by the Circuit should be an increase of 174 per cent, upon the estimates for last year. Grants as under of missionary money were made for the ensuing year:—Adelaide, £15; Goodwood, £15; Eastwood and Kensington, £20 and a special vote of £30; Port Adelaide, £38; Gawler, £25; Port Elliot, £25; Hallett, £20; Orroroo, £15; Silverton, left open; Kadina, £12 10s.; Keilli, £10; Port Augusta, £15; Gladstone, £2210s.; Port German, £20 and a special vote of £20. The_Rev. T. Piper moved—"That the following be the Way College Committee and officers for the ensuing year:—The members of the General Connexional Committee, all ministers in fall connection who have sub scribed to the college funds. His Honor the Chief Justice, Messrs. W. G. Torr, TV. Nosworthy, J. Ash ton. S. Coombe, J. Counter, T. Richards, C. Dyer, F. J. Beach, E. Gould, B. Gould, A. W. Piper, C. B. Keen, J. G. Ashton, A. Paddy, J. Maries, sen., S. Davie, C. Crisp, J. G. Taylor, J. P. Rovre, S. J. Taylor, J. 8mail, J. Mitchell, R Stephens, C. G. Gurr, J. Rundle, J. S. Treloar, H. McConneH, TV, Andrews, B. H. Wilson, J. T. Brown, J. H. Bennett, andS. E. I'aac; subcommittee, the General Con nexional Committee; -Treasurer, S. Coombe; Secretary, T. Piper; and Assistant Secre tary, A. W. Piper. Fifty pounds of the Conference s indebted ness on the old book account was ordered to be paid out of the profits for the year. The bookroom accounts were presented and adopted. The Rev. J. Thobne moved—"That we regret to observe that Brother Kelly was not admitted to a seat in the last English Con ference. The act of appointment on our part wsb complete, and we respectfully submit that by the terms of our Constitution Brother Kelly was entitled to ft seat. We would also point out that when a deputation has visited us we have gladly strained a point in order that we might give him a seat in our Conference." Carried. It was determined that the Kngliah Con ference should be asked to give the President and Secretary authority to sell property where the Conference considered necessary. On a motion for the appointment of the Stationing Committee, Mr. T. Richards moved it should consistlpartly of laymen, A motion was passed in the following form:— "That the President of the Conference, the Chairmen of Districts, the Revs. T. G. Keen, J. Rowe, J, Trewin, J. Stoyel, T. Piper, R. (Lang, and T. McNeil be the Stationing Com mittee for the ensuing year." The Rev. W. F. James then protested against such an impor tant motion being brought on without notice. The Rev. W. W. Finch moved, and it was carried—" That it is desirable immediate Bteps should be taken to collect material th with a view of furnishing details for the publication of a connected history of oar work in South Australia, and that the Revs. W. W. Finch and J. Hancock, jun., be appointed collectors." The Revs. J. Piper, J. Thome, 0. Lake, Messrs. J. Ashton, B, Gould, and A. Puddy were appointed the Union College Council. The Balance-sheet of the Superannuated Ministers' Fund showed income £1,440 2s., including £1,277 lis. 2d. brought forward from last year. The payments were £115 18s, Cd., leaving a balance of £1,323 2s. 7d., or £45 16s. 5d. more than they bad in hand at the beginning of last year. Adopted. The Rev. T. Pioer was appointed Mission Secretary; the Rev. R. ling General Treasurer; the Rev. T. Piper Editor of the Quarterly Magazine; the Rev. G. FoBter Book Steward; Rev. T. Richards General Chapel Secretary; General School Secretary, Rev. J. Raymont; Audi tors, J. Hancock, jun., and B. Gould. Mr. Puddy drew attention to the irregular pro ceeding followed in presenting the accounts without being audited. The Rev. J. Thorne said until their system was altered they would never have a proper audit. The Con ference ought to appoint a day for the audits to be made. Tbe Rev. J. Hancock, jun., thought tbat better arrangements might be made to allow the Auditors to go through the bookB. The Rev. 3. G. Paynter asked if a loan could be obtained from the General Treasurer to build a Church, under tbe same conditions as the Silverton loan was obtained. The Secretary said a Committee of Advice waB appointed to deal with the matter last year, A Committee of Advice was appointed to deal with the subject. Thanks were given to friends in and around Adelaide for having entertained representatives at the Conference during the sitting. Minor matters having been trarsacted and tbe journal read, the Conference terminated with thanks to the Secretaries. 