Turf Talk. A very nicely-arranged meeting is to be played out at I Canterbury Park this afternoon, when several of the races . are likely to iTe of a very interesting character,. A special frain will leave Redfern station for Aslifield at 12.45 p.m., and omnibuses will meet each train upon its arrival. The first race will 6 tart at 1.30 p.m., when the Opening Handi ? mn will rlm'm attention: end at the weights ?^ihe beet in appear to be Pet Girl, Rosebud, and Alma. Rebus, Solicitor, and Cestus should have the winner of the Selling Race amongst and if Recruit starts one need not look farther for winner of the February Handicap, while in his absence Bonnie Bee and Chieftain should be attended to. Alma and Activity look best for the Sapling Stakes, and Solicitor or Kingston may be the hardest to beat in the 'Welter Handicap. The weights for the handicaps to be decided at the forth coming meetings at Glen lanes and Albury appear this week, and shall receive attention in our next. A number of advertisements which appear in our columns ibis week will be attended to in our next. . On Thursday and Friday next the Burrangong Turf Club meeting will take place; and, from a glance at the weights, Manumission should win the Hurdle Race, and Raven ap pears likely to appropriate either the Town Plate or the Turf Club Handicap, or both. Cairo, who promised so well as a two-year-old, will be taken to Melbourne to play a part at the ensuing meeting ; and it is also likely that First Chester will go over to con test for the St. Leger, but it is doubtful if he will be forward enough to show his true form. dose observers thought that Coronet pulled up slightly lame at Caulfield on Saturday last. Our Newcastle friends are to be right heartily con gratulated upon the success which attended their late meeting. The affairs of the club have always been well managed, and it is clear that those who hold the reinB are determined to advance with the times. The Glenormiston stud will be sold by public auction, without reserve, on the 11th and 12th of next month. It is to be hoped that at the general meetingof the Korthern Hunt Club, to be held on Wednesday next, an effort will be made to place the institution upon a firm footing, and it behoves everyone with the interests of hunt ing at heart, to lend a helping hand. The Canterbury Park Racecourse properties realised £126. Fandango, who was much fancied for the Derby of his year, dislocated his neck at the late Junee meeting. At the settling over the late Newcastle meeting Mr. Andrew Loder headed the list of winners with £3o8, the result of (he double victory of ius Goldsbrouph mare Orphan. The following ware the amounts of the other cheques : — Mr. A. Mayo, £123 Mr. J. Kerr, £97 ; Mr. 3. Mayo, £78; Mr. J. Brown, £76; Mr. Quirk, £74-; Mr. J. Boarty, £60 ; and Mr. Rose, £51. Mr. M. Fennel! y has sold his well-performed filly Xrigantine to Mr. J. Cohen, of Melbourne. It should not be forgotten that the second forfeits for the Newmarket Handicap and the Australian Cup will fall doe ou Thursday next, the 25th. On Thursday afternoon a match came off on tho Rand wick Racecourse, in the presence of nearly 500 persons, be tween Mr. W. Kinehela's black filly Emeline and Mr. F. Clissold's grey filly Activity, for £200 aside, six furlongs. Mr. W. Gannon officiatedas starter, and Mr. T. S. Clibborn as judgo. Emeline had the most public running on her side, and was freely backed at 7 to 4 and 2 to 1 on her. The start was a good one, but Emeline soon drew a length away from her opponent, aud held tier advantage to the beginning of the bend, when Activity drew level, and the pair entered the straight together. Once fairly between the rails, Eme line left the grey, and won easily by three- quarters of a length in 1.174- Emeline was ridden by Williams, and Activity by Fielder. There was some talk of a protest, but nothing came of it. Prominent among the events to close are the following: The Condobolin Handicaps on to- day (Saturday) ; Cowra Handicaps, the lithgow General Entry, and the General Entry for Burrangong, on Tuesday, the 23rd ; and the Moree Handicaps on next Saturday, the 27th The follow ing are tho acceptances which will come under notice: — lithgow and Burrangong, on Tuesday next, the 23rd; Canowindra, and second forfeit for the Newmarket Handi cap, and the Australian Cup, on Thursday, the 25th; and Glen Innes and Cootamundra, on the 27th. At the recent meeting the Shepparton Handicap, 1£ milo, went down before Mr. M. Kumars Honey Bee, 6 years, by Confusion, fist. 71b., who won a close race from Gardenia, € year. 8st., Genoe, 6 vears, 7st. 31b.. and nine others, in 2.42. Gardenia, who is by King of the King from Fleur de-lis, curried 6st. 111b. to the front for tbe Flying Stakes, \- boating Aria, 8st. 71b., Cuba, 8st. 111b., and eight others, i covering the six furlongs in 1.22. Brunette, by Alfred from Athole, 8st. 31b., won the Moira Handicap, 1 mile, in 1.52, from Soldier Boy, 7st 81b., E. D., 7st. 21b., and half a-dozen otlun. The Queensland^* Ben Bolt, who was lucky enough to get home before Tempe in the Carrington Stakes, has. gone into Kelly's stable at Caulfidd. The engagement between T. Sanders, the accomplished lightweight, and T. Coffey, the trainer of Welcome Jack, Acolyte, &c.;, has terminated. Acolyte has been treated to a spell. A glance at the entries is sufficient to show that the V. R. C. Autumn Meeting, now on the tapis, holds' forth every indication of being the most brilliant- that baa ewer * taken place during that period of the year. There are 22 in the Bssendon Stakes, 21 in the Hopeful Stakes, 62 in the Brunswick Stakes, 91 in the Corinthian Cup, 21 intha Hurdle Race, 13 in the Maiden Plate, 79 in the Bourke Handicap, 22 in the Hurdle Race, 45 in the Autumn Handicap, 24 in the Nursery Handicap, 19 in the All Aged Stakes, and 77 in the Free Handicap; and when to such alittisaddedthe Ascot Tale Stakes, the St, Leger, the Newmarkpt Handi cap, tbe Produce Stakes, the Australian Cup, aud the Champion Slakes, the cute is worthy of thepramier club of Victoria. Hemes representmgall the colonies will take part, and the New South Wales contingent atFlemington and Caullield baa been further strengthened by the presence ef Ben Bolt, Cerise and Blue, Minerva, Burrilda, and Nopi callina, while Crossfire, fellow Jacket, and perhaps Honey dew will bo there ere thia. A great deal of jjood solid work has been dono on the different tracks, both public and private, and amongst these that please their immediate friends, the early risers, are— Uralla, Monte Christo, Ma&rMnrV;, Trident, Philip Augustas, Morcean, Affluence, Galatea, Mia Gaia, Eagle Grange, Umbra, Fusilier, Camerine, Diik: Htitteraick, Hunter, Coronet Dunlop. Moon^ee, Thund^)olt,Iivemool, Winchester, Gasbumer, B^^^Kndah, Cheskam. Blair gawi fe, ffiU Top MjMemardi,. fit. OdiUe,. Straight Shot, Koyal^ The Israelite, Vascosa,Stonebroke, Lord Wilran, Magmfc*. Peter, Ben Bolt, Duration, Bis-Bi^ 1W, Maddelina^ DmdoriL Bridesgroom, Stornaway, Malaa, Dclanua, Blondin, The Pencil, Veronique, Juanha, The Levite, Waverley, Welcome Jack, Sardius, Matsey, Sheet Anchor, The Bohemian, St. John, Ditto, Melodious, William Tell, Tarpeia,.The Forsaken, Gratitude, Here Goes, The Agent, Don Quixote Plato, Hipoogriff, Progress, Tandstackor, St. Paul, Xantippe, Grace Danmg, Gipsy's Wanting, Solo, Gadfly, Remns, The Ghost, licliboume, Salvo, Albanus, Mabel Grev, Footman, Silvermine, First Pop, WarfieldJBerkley, Leebia, AHander, Madcap, Islander, Ringmaster, Perchance, Gar denia, Mentoore, Claptrap, Mozart, First Prince, Marie Louise, Kit Nubbles, Genoe, Napier, The Nun, and a number of others of lesser note. The Bligh Amateur Racing Club (writes our Mudgee correspondent) will meet on May 12 next, and its com mittee has drawn up an attractive programme. Entrances I are only to be received from members of the club, winners of prizes exceeding £50 at any public race meeting are dis qualified, and winners of prizes of £25 are to submit to a penalty of 101b. First Day ; A Maiden Plate, 1£ mile, for trophy valued £20 ; Bligh Amateur Raring Club Cup, 1| mile, trophy value £40 ; Carrington Plate, 1£ mile, trophy value £20 ; Members' Hack Race, f-mile, trophy value £20 ; Ladies' Mile Handicap, 1 mile, trophy £20. Second Day: Doncaster Handicap, 1J mile, trophy value £20; Ladies' Bracelet, 1 mile, trophy (bracelet) value £25; Welter Handicap (lowest weight list.), 1 £ mile, trophy value £25 ; Bligh Handicap, f-mile, trophy valued £20 ; New market Handicap, 1 mile, trophy valued £20; and the Consolation Handicap, for all beaten horses, f-mile, for £20 trophy. The entrances close on April 29 at 4 p.m. The nominations for the principal handicaps at the Albury annual, races have been much more numerous than at any previous meeting, and are, in fact, altogether beyond the most sanguine expectations of the committee. A number of very useful improvements are being effected on the course, and nothing will be wanting on the part of the club to make the meeting a success. The weights for the principal handicaps will be found in another colunuu The Clarence TattersaU's Club have determined to hold their annual race meeting at the time of Lord Garrington's visit, and have selected May 13 in the event of the con templated visit fa M 'g place. They have sketched out a programme which will provide prizes to the amount of about £300 for a day's racing. This will include -two prizes £100 each and another handicap of £40. The Clarence River Jockey Club have fixed J uly 13, ? 14, and 15 for their annual races, adding an extra day, which will be devoted to trotting, pony, and hack races. They offer £700 in added money, and have reduced nominations and acceptances to a scale which will enable owners to start for a payment less than 3 per cent, of the value of the prize. A meeting of the Parkes Jockey Club was held a few days ago at the Cambridge Hotel, when the following committee was appointed: — Messrs. Close (chairman), Cottingham, Talbott, Medlyn, Haselhuret, Blake, Rose, M'Guffin, Fholeros, and J. Fletcher.; Mr. P. V. Wood was appointed secretary; Mr. B. Talbott, J. P., treasurer. A favourable report was submitted and adopted. The annual meeting takes place on 14th and 15th April. The weights for the Lithgow Handicaps, to be run on the 27th of this month and the 1st of next, appear this week, and the most leniently treated appear to be TJpper Cut, Binalong, and SundiaL The following are the latest scratchings for the V. R. C. events: — Irralee from the Newmarket Handicap, Fer nandez Dark Duke, Washington and Argyle from the Ascot Yale Stakes, Wonga, Chablis, Condor and Derision from the St. Leger, Acolyte from the Brunswick Stakes, and Blackthorn from the Steeplechase. Nominations for the Clarence Tattersalls Sires' Produce Stakes for 1887 and 18S8 will dose on Monday next. On Saturday night, at Melbourne, Malua and Matchlock formed the^nedium of a wager of 2000 to 10 on the New market Handicap and Australian Cup. There is vnzy little betting in Sydney at present on the forthcoming V. R. C. meeting. Members of the Canterbury Park Race Club are re minded that their subscriptions should be paid in order to obtain their tickets for the race meeting to be held to day, 20th instant. The committee of the Canterbury Park Race Club have decided on holding an extra day's racing on Saturday, April 24th (the day following Good Friday), for which a liberal programme will be issued in a few days. No. 9 of ' Oxenham's Turf Register,' to be issued next month, will give tabulated performances of the principal horses engaged at the Hawkesbury and A. J. C. autumn meetings. The publisher deems it unnecessary to issue a work dealing with the V. R. C. meeting, as that racing carnival is catered for in Centaur's half-yearly publication, recently issued. The endorsement of disqualifications of jockeys and trainers passed by the Y. R. C. was at the recent meeting of the A. J. C. adopted. The date of the Windsor Farm Race Meeting has been, altered to April the 3rd. At a recent meeting of the Sydney Turf Club it was decided to give £1450 added money for the next gathering, on May 24. The Birthday Cup will have 500 sovereigns added to it. A hurdle race and a steeplechase will be in troduced into the programme. The A.J.C. have advertised for a paid starter, at a salary of £150 a year. Is the salary sufficient for a really compe tent man? While advertising for anew starter, the A. J.C. committee, it is understood, intend presenting Mr. Gannon with a suitable souvenir, in recognition of his honorary servioes for theclub in past years. TattersaU's Club intend holding a meeting on June 5, and have secured Randwick raoeoourse for the occasion. Our Windsor correspondent telegraphs that at the com mittee meeting of the Windsor Farm Race Club, held yes terdav, the date of the next race meeting was fixed for March 27. The entries will close on March 15, and the handicap will be declared on March 20. Our Cootamundra correspondent telegraphs that the racing rights were sold yesterday, realising £198 for two days. Efforts are being.made for a first- class meeting, and the club is being liberally supported. The «nnn»i coursing meeting has been fixed for May 24. The autumn edition of 'Centaur's Index' is to hand, and -as it contains the latest performances of the horses engaged in the Newmarket Handicap, the Australian Cup, and the Champion Stakes, the little volume is most welcome to racing, men. The committee of the A. J. C. contemplate extensive improvements on the Randwick racecourse, which will be appreciated both by the horseowners and the public. In order to provide more room for cabs and vehicles engaged by frequenters: of the grand stand enclosure, the triangular plantation between the grand stand entrance and the main gate will be removed. When the obstruction is taken away there will be room for any number of cab?, the ^drivers of which can be signalled from the -gate without the trouble of aseaich in a maze of vehicles. The hill in front of the i Leger reserve, inside the training track, will ateo be 1 removed with lhe view of forming a steeplechase course. Other improvements will also be effected which will tend to males theRandwick raceoourse us complete as possible. Nordenfeldt has been struck out of all bis Y. R. C. engagements. Tbe injury sustained by the colt of the season has cansed great disappointment to genuine lovers of racing, as well as to impatient backers, for he was generally regained as the most trustworthy representative that New South Wales could send into the field for the Australian Cup, as well as the Champion Stakes, and his ' withdrawal has greatly detracte dfrom the interest felt in the forthcoming Autumn meeting of the V.R.C. In most cases where a misfortune befalls a' favourite for a big race, the general public are the sufferers; but in (his instance it would appear that whnt are termed 'professional backers' will have to pay the piper. As soon as the weight appeared they snapped up all the money tifutt was available at a reasonable figure,, and then, according to custom, com menced to dole it out at short prices to the public ; but the game had hardly got fairly into swing when ugly rumours went abroad, and the 'many- headed' fighting shy, the money has been left on the hands of adventurers, whose chief pleasure in life appears to be to forestall etablee and milk the public. On several occasions the professionals have got themselves into difficulties, ami now that the pen has been drawn through the name of the dual Derby winner, their nimble fingers have been severely burned and lack sympathy will be forthcoming. Rumour also been uncomfortably busy in connection with Honeydew, ' who, upon the appearance of the weights for the Newmarket Handicap was immediately pounced upon as a really .good thing, and although 100 to O was always on offer in Mel bourne, he shortened so much in Sydney that at ; one time he reached short price of 100 to 7. Whether there is anything absolutely wrong with the j big son of Goldsbrough Queen Bee remains to be seen, ' and in the rnprntimn intending speculators had better 'Malua' — that is, wait-a- white. Should it be true that he has joined the lists of unfortunates, the fact i& greatly to be regretted, for with 8st. 91b. in die Newmarket Handicap he had more than a fair chance of getting back with double interest the 2000 guineas paid for him by the Hon. W . A. Long not long since. With such a deep shadow overhanging Honeydew so near the day,, it is not surprising that the speculation has been far from brisk, and it is improbable *hni: any real 6pirit will be infused intn the betting 'until the second forfeits demand attention on the 25th of this month. With a due regard to his recent running Quintin Matsey, a 6 -year old son of Tubal Cain and Pride, has been elected one of the favourites for the New- J market ; but as there appears to be a chilling doubt about | his starting his presence tends to further unsettle matters, j The authorities at Sandown Park (says Truth J have j acted with a liberality which is as rare as it is commend able in the matter of the Eclipse Stakes for 1888. They j stipulated for 300 entries; but they have allowed the race, j without any reduction of value, although there are only 181 entries. The most remarkable feature is the abstention of the public breeders, who, for the most part, are a set of voracious hyronas, and will subscribe to no stake unless it is made worth their while to do so. I have no doubt that the full number of entries would have been obtained if £500 hail been offered to the nominator of the winner. This is the ingenious device by which such large entries are now obtained at Derby, Kempton, and other gate-money meet ings ; and it is a very objectionable system when (as is usually the case) the nominator's bonus is taken out of the winner's stake, and .monstrously unfair. It is another thing if a separate sum be offered to the nominator. The j new conditions of the Eclipse Stakes ought to have ob- ' tained an unprecedentedly large entry, for practically £10,000 to £5 is offered against every foal yearling that is engaged, and £10,000 to £10 against every two-year-old. j A writer in the Pastoral Times urges a self-evident im- . provement in the manner of organising country race meetings. He suggests a conference of the presidents and secretaries of country dubs, with a view of having a series of race meetings a week apart, and commencing at Echuca, going thence to Moama, Mathoura, Deniliquin, Hay, Narandera, Jerilderie, Tocumwal, and Corowa, winding up at Wahgunyah, on the Victorian railway line, after a two months' series. By this means he anticipates larger entries, better fields, better racing, and more success financially for | the clubs included in the combination. The matter is one i well worthy of consideration, and if matured should bring about a successful result. Thus ' Noontal,' from Queensland, corresponds with a writer of the London Sporting and Dramatic News : — 'Yon mentioned Mr. Finch Hatton's book, 'Advance Australia,' in your ' Notes,' and more particularly the en duiance of the grass- fed horse. I have not read the book referred to, so do not know what examples of endurance Mr. F. H. quoted, or if he gave opinions as to why the Aus ; tralian horse should be more enduring off the grass than you think the English horses would be. I attribute it to two things — the climate and the natural life they lead. The diseases rife amongst English horses are for the most part unknown in Australia, strangles being the chief ailment, and if the grass be young they soon get over it, very few but those that are stabled being treated in any way for it. Almost all the ailments the Australian horse may suffer from are contracted when in work, and are the result of his then treatment. Given a sound and plucky horse, bom and reared in the bush, and on only such grass as you may find each night to camp on, he will cany you '? hundreds of miles at 35 or 40 miles a day. Of course, there j are lots of horses in the bush that are not much good, and - : you require both pluck and quality in a horse to do a long i journey in a short time, and such horses are prized and well j cared for. The general traveller in the bum always looks ! out carefully as evening comes to pick the best bit Of grass and water for his horse, and camps at it for the night. Remarkable rides have been done for wagers, and in cases , o- newest ity on the one horse, but otherwise very seldom, for the owner of a horse capable of remarkable endurance i generally knows his value, and does not risk injury to him I by taxing his powers too severely. But in day by day work I question if the horses of any other | country can stand wear and tear as the Australian horse wUl, on grass alone. Taking them right through the bush (with few exceptions), they are capable of carrying a *n«T» fairly and honestly during the day and finding* their own food at night. As I have said before, I think the clear climate has a great deal to do with it, as the lungs are sound and the constitution generally first-rate, from the ' bromby,' or wild horse, that from close breeding one would expect defects in constitution in, up to the well-bred hack that is capable of any effort tin honest horse can make. Of course, there is a great deal of difference in the quality of the grass in different parts of Australia, and the horses bred and reared on one kind do far better and are more capable of sustained effort than another. For instance, the blue grasses on the basaltic and volcanic soils put hard condition on, and the horses under these conditions can do more work and still keep in good order than horses of the coast country and those that ran on granite soil, these being, as a rule, in soft condition, whidi soon comes off in work. In a long journey, of course, the horses get whatever comes at the end of the day, and whether good, indifferent^ or bad, make the best they can of it. Our country is chiefly mountainous, and blue grass is the chief feed, and I find our horses, when they get fat in the spring, hold their con dition all though summer, through we work them steadily mustering for four or five months.' A friend of mine (says a writer in the Sporting and Dramatic News) the other day wired to abookmaker to put him £5 on a horse. By some mistake on the part of the telegraph clerks the message readied the bookmaker in structing him to invest £25. How the mistake arose it is impossible to say; but the bookmaker of course booked the £25, and as occasionnUy happens when a gentleman fancies a horse very much for what seem to him the most excellent reasons, the animal did not win. My friend sent his losing account £20 short. The miscalculation, as it appeared, was pointed out to him, and on investigation tho error was found out. Who, my friend asks me, ought to bear the loss? Obviously, as it strikes me, the Post Office should do so ;? but the authorities decline to be held responsible. It is very hard lines that my friend shouldJiave to pay £20 because a telegraph clerk made a mistake, but I quite see that it is equally hard lines on the bookmaker that he should lose the sum when he faithfully carried out the instructions he re ceived. My impression is that the loss should be bome between thie two; but the bookmaker — we all know what a feeble, downtrodden class they are, and howunahle to take care of themselves — does not agree with me, and my friend has had to weigh in. It is a rather unsatisfactory way of spending £20. Some interesting statistics are given by The Field show ing the increasimir popularity of racing in France. The total given byj[the~ Jockey Club for the meetings held under their immediate control at Paris, Chantilly, and Fontaine bleau was £72,900, to which may be addeaa sum of nearly £5000 contributed by the railways, local authorities, &c.;, making in round figures £77,800, or nearly £3500 more than it was two years ago. The increase has been enorm ous within the last 10 or 12 years, for in 1873 the aUotments were only £18,000 for Paris and Chantilly, and £12,000 for Fontainebleau and* the provinces,, while as recently as 1878 the total amount of added money was less A™ £50,000. What with the forfeits and entries, the value of the races-run for at Paris, ChantiUy, and Fontainebleau alone this season has been £109,020, of which £34,425 was won at the Paris spring meeting, £16,130 at the Paris summer meeting, £14,992 at the Paris autumn meeting, £12,271 at the Chantilly spring meeting, and £3652 at the two-days' meeting at Fontainebleau, the rest going in con tributions to the provincial meetings at Deauville, Amiens, &c.; Nearly all this money is given to races of reasonable length, the most valuable of the past having been the Grand Prix de Paris, of a mile and seven furlongs (£6144)'; the Prix du Jockey Club, of a mile and a half (£4688) ; the Grand Produce Stakes, of a mile and a guartt. (£3002) ; the Prix Royal Oak, of a mile and seven furlongs (£2341) ; tho Prix de Diane, of a mile and a quarter (£2340); the. Trial Stakes for three-year-old colts, of one mile (£2140) ; die Trial Stakes for three-year-old fillies, of one miln (£2108) ; the Prix Greffulke, of a mile and a quarter (£1503) ; the Prix du Cadran, of two miles, and five furlongs (£1490) ; the Prix Gladiateur, of three miles and seven nrrlongs (£1414) ; the Prix Darn, of a mile and a quarter (£1413); the Omnium, of a mile and a quarter (£1148) ; the Prix du Nabob, of a mile and five fur longs (£1140). It may be observed that, with the excep tion of the Omnium, there is not a single handicap in this list, and that most of the races are for three-year-olds. That Mr Bond, the ever-industrious secretary of the Victoria Amateur Turf Club, has not been allowing the grass to grow under his feet is shown by the following remarks by ' Augur ' of the Australasian : — On Monday I paid a visit to Caulfield course, and, in company with Mr. Bond, inspected tJia improvements which are in course of progress. The contractor has finished his first job, the removal of the scrub uil Hip levelling of the ground round the first turn, and he has done his work remarkably well. The couch grass is already beginning to grow upon it, and good progress been made with the back stretch, from which all the scrub has been removed and the earth has been ploughed and levelled. When the new tan gallop has been finished I don't think the trainers at Caulfield will have any cause to complain, for it promises to be the best in Australia. The ground between the inner fence of the straight and the booth on the fiat is being considerably im proved, and various other alterations are being made. After the February meeting the lawn at the eastern ride of the stand will be raised to the level of that portion directly in front of the stand. The whole of the grand stand enclosure is in most perfect order, and those who visit Caulfield to-day will see it at its best. The stewards of the Jockey Club at home have given notice that for the future licenses will only be granted to jockeys on the condition that they are not owners of any racehorses. Leave may be given, on special application, to jockeys to own one or more horses, but this permission will only be granted when the jockey is also a trainer, and the horse is to be trained in bis own stable. Also, it having been represented to them that many jockeys are in the habit of betting largely on horseracing, and of receiving presents in connection with races from persons other than the owner of the horse they ride in such races, they have given notice that such practices will not be tolerated in future, and that any jockey who may be reported to them for the offences, and who may be proved, to the satisfaction of the stewards, to have become engaged in betting trans actions, will be liable to have his license at once with drawn. 