The Conservative Government of Lord Salisbury has received its coup tie grace much quicker than was anticipated. In another column we publish a telegram an- nouncing that ho has been left in a minority of 79, upon a motion of iVir. Jesse Collings, the member for Ipswich, and has consequently tendered his resignation to the Queen, who has accepted it, and empowered Mr. Gladstone to form an Administration. The most significunt fact of all is that tho Parnellitcs voted.ogainst the Government, while Lord Hartington finrl Mt» rirtcMinn vr»f»»ri vcifli if. 'Iiiesiuiana that two things have happened : firstly, that the Whigs or moderate Liberals have determined to throw in their lot with j the Conservatives; and secondly, that Mr. j Parnell and Mr. Gladstone have been I able to come to terms with each other. Tho Conservatives met Parliament I in a minority of 30 odd as compared I with tho Liberals, and as the Paracl- litea numbered 86 or thereabouts, a union of their forces with the Libe ral majority would have left Lord Salis bury with 170 to tho bad on a critical division. As, however, Mr. Gladstone's majority is not half that number, we may assume that the remainder consisting of the fol lowers of Lord Hartington have split away from tho main body. Whatever tho explanation is, however, tho fact remains that Lord Salisbury is out, and that Mr. Gladstone is coming in with Mr. Paruell's assistance. As Mr. Jesse Collings is the confidential friend of Mr. Chamberlaiu, andliis amendment is clearly inspired by the member for Bir mingham, who is tho author of the project for empowering the local councils to buy up certain areas of agricultural lands and sell and sub-let them to the farmers, wc may conclude that the new colleagues of Mr. Gladstone will include the lead ing men of the same persuasion, and that for the first time England will be governed by a Ministry of a strongly Radical caste, in which the influence of the groat Whig families will not be represented. This of itself is a pacific revolution, and oue that must be fraught with most important con sequences on Uie legislation of the next few years, supposing that the compact which Mr. Gladstone has evi dently felt himself justified in making with the Irish party can be maintained. What the terms of that compact tiro is the question of which tltc English speaking race will await the answer with breathless anxiety. If Ireland can bo placated for all time, tho statesman who discovers a solution of the difficulty will deserve a place among the foremost Inventors and Projectors of the world. The interest that attaches to the terrible tragedy in the Hampton family is from the psychological rather than the criminal side ; and the psychological lesson it teaches is the inseparable interdependence of the moral nature and the nervous system, how our finest- as well as our most fiendish emotions may have their taproots in the, cells or fibres of a single ganglion, and how a particle of phosphorus more or lass may make the difference between a mur derer and a philanthropist, or a crank and .& philosopher. So close and aoxaalia the relati-iis.idp to,,' i( nmid were 1 pwd'it't if matter, a til-: it em-' j r,f 1 1 , harp- »tring, I In t " ci' ild tc.t rp- p'ind with itmr. i.'t(i,|J"tf .-v-iqirt'iiy. 'li,' d.nn,.gi-d i<trin gives mn. jangled mite.,, and frmu rin riulr.i .t. ll.iv, in fh living mrrhani.-iii t tint tit-L -t behind <mr rktiil" wc get the ummtnus f. ' i .i p» -I if nir.il dis cord that people <mr gaols and gibber and linwl their jiHaniughm !ir> away in mir asylums. As this most unhappy family history shows, the seeds of mental disease arc transmissible from one geueratimi to another. The organic taint, in the parent reappears in the chihlrcn, aud the inexor able law oi' moral and physical heredity . asserts itself with sovereign force in every ejaculation from their lips, and every ges ture of their body. Time may wear the virus out, but, rill it dees, to be mad is as much a law of the mudmau's being as to reason is au attribute of the rational man. Mrs. Hamptons affliction is a well defined example of delusional insanity. Her particular delusion, in which her daughters share, is that some evil genius is always at their elbow inciting them to wrong and l'tfiu, aud that it is better lo die than to yield to its baleful influence, fjhe firmly be lieved her daughters' virtue was iu danger, aud she would have taken all their lives to save them from moral death, just as a cat will sometimes mercifully devour its kittens bit. by bit to rescue them from tho dreaded fangs of the dog that is barking for entrance at the door. Tlio instinct is a protective before it is a destructive one. Nov are the victims - of tlio delusion necessarily weak-minded imbeciles. Some of tho jnost distinguished intellects in history havo boon controlled by the influence, wliicih seems to bear some proportion to the power they possess, or rather that pos sesses them, of projecting into material forms and externalising the visions that aro conjured up in the recesses of their unconscious life, and clothing them with a verity that has all the force of revela tion to them. Socrates was under tho control of t-liis mystic power when ho listened to the whisperings of his Demon ; so was Saul when he thought he hoard a voice addressing him from the clouds ; and so was Bunyau, when ho fancied him- sulf beset with the cries of tho Satanic imps inciting him to commit tho un pardonable sin ; and so is tho modern Medium who calls up the materialised ghosts of their ancestors before tho astouished gaze of his circle. To tho afllicted mother aud daughters tho thunder-clap that boomed out the approving message of doom in their ears was as real and as articulate as the voice that waked an answering impulse in she impassioned soul of the Apostle to the Gentiles. The same psychical law explains both, tho only difference being that in Saul's case the inspiration was a healthy oue, and therefore noble and beneficent in its effects ; while the disease-inspired resolves of tho murderess led to murder aud attempted suicide. Where mental disease commences moral responsibility ends. The English judges havo laid it down as the criterion of guilt that the criminal must be conscious of doing wrong at the moment of doing it, and must be capable of knowing the con sequences of what he does. Judged by tltis test, Mrs. Hampton would have to forfeit her fife, because it is quite certain that she kuew she was committing au unlawful act when sho cut the throat of her little daughter and agreed withher other daughters to divulge nothiug about it. She went about the terrible business with due care and deliberation, and after it was finished took some precau tion to conceal it. But, notwithstanding theso facts, we see at a glance that no moral responsibility can be attached to her actions. The weak point in the criterion of the English judgeB is that they take no account of motives, when motives are everything, and the sense of right or wrong nothing. But for the discovery of her motives, nobody could say that Mrs. Hampton was of unsound mind. Tho end she had in view was coherent enough, namely, the desiro to save her daugh ters from a worse than physical death ; but tbo means she took to obtain her end were grotesquely disproportionate, aud could only have been taken by a mad woman. She knew well enough that they wero illegal, and to that extent sho was perfectly rational; her madness displayed. itself when she thought the end justified her in resorting to them . Altogether, however, it is a most woful tragedy, and no hair splittings of logic or law will take away from the pity of it. No philosophising can get over the evi dence that the Reason lies capsulate in tlio cells of the brain, and that what impairs tho growth of tho one may even efface the other. Infection is the work of an in stant, but it bequeaths a deadly crop of crimes aud criminals ; and Shakspeare was only putting a psychological truth into popular language when ho said the gods aro just, aud of our pleasant vices make instruments to scourge us. Tho greatest benefactor of society is the man who translates this truth into legislative enact ments ftir the diminishment of druuken- ness and prostitution, the ventilation of our factories and hospitals, the cleansing of our sewers, and the enlargement of our recreation grounds ; for, as wc see, there is no dwelling place for tho Soul in a constitution where tho destroying bacillus has built a nest for its myriad young. 