SPORTING NOTES. CAULFIELD TRATXTVf VflTPS Thero was a fair sprinkling of visitors terday morning, ..who. seemed to take great intorest in tho various Cup candidates. Lot tery was tho first to takoqiossessionof tho sand, and was treated to a couple of turns at a good working pace, Patience finishing the lar.L two or three furlongs with him. Cricket brushed along on tho tan. Lord Allen, with O'Brien up, after putting in some slow pace, moved along for a furlong or two to wind up with. High land Chief strode gaily along the grass for a round. Kcnueth was given a round ou the sand at a good working pace. Master John and Beckwith suitable work. Glentworlh aud Lady Lovell, 2-year-olds, were despatched for a spin over four furlongs, both finished together, and had colore up. A rather nice looking colt by Robinson Crusoe, out of Dagraar, and Golden Fleece, wero can tering. Eugeno and Louise Bert a were ex tended over six furlongs. Warfield and Anarchy strode along on the grass. Footman aud Berke- ley, who aro engaged at Ballarat ou Friday, covered a couple of rounds on tho sand for' good work. Carnarvon, Bonnie Lad and Re tort were tried over five furlongs, aud answered the task very satisfactorily ; the latter, finished a mile alone. Lady Ashton wont long serviceable work on tho sand. The cup can didates, Silveruiino and Bonnie, after doing a turn on the grass at a very mild cantor, were despatched for a good working gallop, which the) completed very nicely, tho pair moving freely aud well. Chicago and Faithful were doing from medium to half pace exercise. , I ho Chantor, Sirocco and others in the same stable were doing useful exercise. Clarendon, with «i good big weight up, was given strong work over the Caulfield Cup course in company with St. Albert and Young Horatia Gersldinc and Xaboeklish were cantering and spirting. Mill.stroam, who was asked to cantor and obstinately refused, was ultimately persuaded to go tho reverse way, Nothing went better thau Grace Darling who, with a fight boy up, circled a very good turn round tho hurdles on the course proper, .the maro having Empress to help her home the latter part of tho journey. The Stag, looking well, went a strong turn on the tan. Epi curean, with Dougalston, cantered and spirted from tho homo turn, ilia Mia brushed along for ' a coupio of furlongs. Louis II., Delamin and .Violet were similarly treated. New York, with G. blair in the saddle, put in a round on tho grass at a good 6\vingiug canter. Bohemian and Luzza areived here yesterday from Sydney. Gadfly and Hot Iron ran four furlongs iu com pany. The Crane went at slow pace. Fusco went slow pace , work, moving along at d good sharp canter to fiuish up. Preston did some useful work, a little over a mile. Cestus, "Isa bel and Alexandria wero moving along for useful work. Ben Bolt with M. O'Brien in tho pig- ot.1D was allotted a tura ou the grass, Chuckster, as usual, accompanying for about a mile, the old horse casing off, and allowing tho Cup favorite to finish alone ; Western, in tho samo stable, also strodo along for useful woriw The Ghost, with T. Williams up, ranavbry strong three quarters. Little John traversed a round on the course proper, Jack goiug with him the first part of the journey, and Jim Cain the last three furlongs ; tho former, as usual, had to be driven along to keep company with his companions. GrceculusEsurians, King of iho west, Victor and Symbol were on tho tan, brushing along at intervals. There wero numerous others at work during the morniug, but nothing worthy of nolo took place. 