Although the forthcoming Municipal elections do not cany that importance which a total change in the Town Council infers, still measures of such vital consequence to the town .are concerned and it is very necessary that a wise choice should he made and the most able men wno can De ODuaincu, eiecueu to represent the wards in which a vacancy has oc curred. The problems whjeli it will be the duty of the Council to solve during the coming year — solve in somo practi cal form and to some good purpose — are not unknown, for last year tho candi dates presented us with much the same programme that lies before us now, and with tho radical reforms and improvements which we were then told should alter the existing state of affairs for the better. Somehow the Council Chamber seems to have a de pressing effect upon the energies of some of the alderman, and a somnolent lethargy defeats all pur hopes of pro gress and advancement. Tho work, indeed, lies before the Council in such a threatening array that it evidently requires great fortitude to face the labor. If, however, the representa tives of the town have adoptecl a less cnei'getic attitude towards the burning questions, they are not imitated in this respect by the candidates, who, not affected by the influence of the Town Hall aro full of hope, a power and a will to do. ,? Long may some of them con ira +:liie wni'f.liv -Fvamfi rvPrvurifl t Tn the adoption of a suitable system of disposing of the city refuse, in tho drainage and water questions, in initiating a thoroughly satisfactory means of prcservingthe public health, the City Fathers have matters beforo them that require the most able men, the aeutcst intellects raud the broadest minds. Let the ratepayers see to this, weigh well the work before the alderman, and elect the men who approach nearest the de sired standard, for in truth we do not want any / wanderers from Nincom poopiana, we require no nonentities in the Council, if that Council is to be elected and returned for the good of the town, for the improvement of the Municipality and not for ulterior political aims which haye ,nq right to obtrude themselves like Banquo's ghost, at most unseemly seasons. Yet if we are not mistaken a tiny bit of the cloven hoof of pOlLLLUo In JUou UlalUllutUU? ill uiivai/ woo* tions, for surely if men were to be chosen solely on their merits, tho list of candi dates would hear another aspect. Tho ' aid me and I'llaidthco ' doctrine is one evidently held just now by political wire pullers, but it is one to which the electors should raise the strongest opposition, tor though' it may strengthen Mr Grif fith's party in the Assembly, fill up the gaps caused by disaffection among the Gorman . contingent, it will if we judge' by appearances lower the in tellectual capacity of tho Municipal Council to the nothor depths. . A can didate may . bo ; governed . by many motives in his desire to enter tho Civic Chamber. He may bo honestly desirous^ of aiding the advancement of his town, and that part of the town with which he is connected; he may seek to forward .his own interests solely under the cloak of a most shoddy public spirit, or ho may to take to tho hustings at the bidding of a caucus, the delegate of an unseen party, the puppet of a hidden wire puller. Of the threo varieties of ofiico seeker the last is certainly the most contemptible, for even the Muni cipal Ishmaelite who fights for his own hand is to he preferred to him who is tho mouthpiece of others, the mutilated shadow of other men's thoughts, the blurred'image of another's projects. We have had enough and to spare of I silent' voting, and an obedient majority on tho Ministerial side of the Assembly, and tho ratepayers will only stultify themselves if they allow a reproduction of the mischief on a small scale to take place here. The electors know what work is to he done, let them elect men fit to do it, irrespective of party politics or private interests. It must be allowed that tho interests and the progress of tho town are aided in no slight degree by the presence in the Municipal Council of those who possess technical skill- and knowledge, and a notable instance of this truth was given last year in the purchase by the Mayor of the stone-crushing machine, an investment which has resulted in many advantages, saving time and saving money. Those who read the report of the meeting at the Town Hall last Monday, could not fail to observe the breadth and power which Mr. J. T. Smith's technical knowledge gavotfhim, and from the manner in which the various questions were handled, their merits discussed and dis sected, and the 'remedies for crying evils suggested, we cannot but f eelassured that at the present time no more useful I man could enter the doors of the Coun cil Chamber than Mr. Smith. By the election of such a representative, we hold that the town will benefit in the highest degree by the reforms which he sees are required, and which he is prepared to carry out in a practical manner. Turning to his opponents and judging him by the most generous standard it is apparent that Mr. Pot- I tinoer possesses absolutely none of I those qualities which are required in [ tho Council at the present juncture. In fact all the essentials which the time demands— or any time demands for that matter — are painfully con spicuous by their absence. It may be said that his address sketches an in telligent, if not very original pro gramme, but without in any way giving assent to this assertion, we may point out that the address is not the man, and it is the latter the ratepayers have to deal with during the coming term of office and not the former. Given certain re quirements, certain capacities, as neces sary in an alderman, and the most in dulgent cannot deny that Mr. Pottes'- GEn could dp absolutely nothing to aid tho town. It is useless to argue that.thc candidate is a good fellow, it is wrong to say that he would do good by supporting a certain party, and that party's interests, for either argument is beside the question which concerns his capabilities. The scales are poised and Mr. Pottingeb is tried and found wanting. Of the other two candidates Mr. Griffiths undoubtedly showed to the greatest advantage oh Monday last. 'With the experience of . his former term of office, and the knowledge which his profession yields ho should undoubtedly do good service in the Council, and no one can deny that he exhibited a much wider grasp of the wants and requirements of the Municipality than the gentleman opposing him, who may have every desire to do well but cannot very easily get about it. A lamp in one corner, a footpath treated for spinal fracture, in the other may be very useful and necessary in their way, but they are hardly of I sufficient importance to form the gist of an election address, the ond-all and I be-all of Municipal reform, and men I must be ahlo to go further than a gas iamp, deeper than tho pitfalls in a foot path before they can do good in their generation at the Town Hall. ..There I are tho candidates, hero the work to be done. If judgment be formed in ac cordance with common sense wc have no fear of tho result. For the member who goes in unopposed little need be said* Mr. Tbevethan has yet to win his spurs in a field more real than that of a debating society. He has to prove himself, and we only hope that the line he pursues will show that he is out of leading strings, capable of walk ing alone and thinkinsr for himself. ] Habit is strong, the force of habit is I strong, and Mr. Trevethan will require to ' gang warily.' 