PETEE RICK'S PEEIB, A STORY OP ADYENTUBE, Beeently the Youth's Companion, of Boston, offered prices to the amount of £600 for eight short stories. The author of Petheriok's Peril" received a prise of £100 for the story of adventure which is here printed. The largeness of the pri?e and the circumstances of the competition would warrant the reprint ing of this story, even if it did not possess a strong intrinsic interest. This story was done in a single night. The editors of the Cam panipn wrote to the author:—*' Few stories that nave been submitted to the Companion have won soph Jfrpisp for their intense dramptip power/' Each storey of Hie Shelton Cotton factory is 15ft. between floors; there are seven such over the basement, and this rises 6fit. above the ground, The hripk walls narrow to 8in. as they ascend, and form a parapet rising above the roof. One of the time-keepers in the factory, Jack H&rdy;, a young man about tnf own age, often runs along the brick wall, the practice giving him a singular delight which has seemed to increase with his profi ciency in it. Having been a clerk in the works from the beginning, I have frequently used the parapet for a footpath, and although there was a sheer fall of 100ft. to the ground, have done it with ease and without dizziness. Occasionally Hardy and I have run races on the opposite walls, an exercise in which J was invariably beaten, because X became timid with increase of pace, Hopelessly distanced last Wednesday, while the men were off at noon, I gave up midway, and looking down, observed the upturned face of an old man, gaging at me with parted lips, wide eyes, and an expression of honor so startling that X involuntarily stepped down to the bripklayers' platform inside. I then saw that the apparently frightened spectator was Mr. Petherick, who has been for some weeks paymaster and faptotum for the con tractors. " What's the matter, Petherick P" I called down. Hp made no answer, but, walking off rapidly, disappeared round the mill. Curious about his demeanour, I descended, and after pome little seeking, found him smoking alone. "iou quite frightened me Just now, Petherick," said J. " Did you think I was a ghost ?" "Not just that," he replied, spntentiously. " Bid you expect me to fall then ?" X in quired. " Not just that, either," said he. Thp old man was clearly disinclined to talk, and ap parently much agitated. I had began to joke him- about his lugubrious expression, when the 1 q'clopk bell rang, apd he shuffled off hastily'to another quarter. Though I puzzled a while over the incident, it soBn passed so entirely f^om mv mind that I w&s; surprised whpn, passing Petherick in the afternoon, intending to go aloft, hp said, as I went by j Don't do it again, Mr- JTra^er!" " What?" I stopped. " That!" he retorted. "Oh! TjT°H mpan running on the wall," paid J. " I mean going on it at all!" he exclaimed • His earnestness was so marked that X con peived a strong interest in its cause. "I'll make a hargain with you, M«". Peth erick. If you tell me why you advise me, I'll give the thing up!" " Dope!" said he. " Come to my cottage this evening, and I'll tell you a strange adven ture of my own, though perhapB you'll only laugh that it's the reason why it sickens me to see you fooling up t here." Petherick was ready to talk when Jack and I sat Sown on his doorstep that evening, and immediately.launched into the following nar rative " I was born and grew to manhood near I he high cliffs of the coast of Cornwell. Millions of fowls make their nests along the face of those wave-worn precipices. My companions find I used to pet much excitement, and some times a good deal of pocket money, by taking their eggs. One of us, placing his feet in a loop at the end of a rope and taking a good grip with his hands, would be lowered by the Others to the nest." "When he had his basketful full, they haul bim up, and another would eo down. Well, one afternoon, I thus dangled off. They paid out oljout one hundred feet of rope before I touched the ledge and let go." " What ledge?" asked Jack. " Oh," said Petherick, after a pauee, " I see it will bp trpublpsomp to make you understand the situation." Then, after reflecting for some moments: . " You must know that most of tlie cliffs along that coast overhang the sea. At many ' points one could drop 600 feet into the sea, and be 40 or 50 feet from the base <of t lie rock be left. The coast is scooped under by the waves. But iu some places the cliff wail is as though it had been eaten by seas once running on higher levels. There will be an overhanging coping lhen, some 100 feet down —a ledge sticking out farther than that of the top ; under.that ledge all will be scooped aw.i v. In places there are three or four such ledu«s, ea«*h projecting further than those above. These ledges used to fall away occa sionally, as they do yet, I am told, for the no.oan is gradually devouring that coast. Where they did not project further than the upper coping, one lad would swing like pen dulum on the rope, and get on the rock, if not too far in, then put s rock on the rope to hold it till his return. When a ledge did project so that one could drop on it, be hauled l down some slack and left the rope hanging." j " Did the wind ever blow it off ?" asked j Jack. j "Seldom, and never out of reach," said the old man. " Well, the ledge I reached was like this.'' (illustrating with his hand). " It was some 10 feet wide ; it stuck out it may he some 6 feet farther than the cliff top ; the rock wall went up pretty near perpendicular, till the coping at the ground, but below the i ledge the cliff's face was so soooped away that the sea, 50 feet below, ran in under it nigh 50 feet." " As I went down, thousands of birds rose from the jugged places of the precipice, cir cling around me with harsh screams. Soon touching the ledge, I stepped from the loop, and drawing down a little slack, walked off briskly. For fully s quarter of a mile the ledge ran along the cliff's faee almost as level and even in width as that sidewalk, X re member fancying that it sloped outward more than usual, but instantly dismissed the notion, though Gaffer Fentreath, the oldest man in tha« country side, used to tell us that we should not get the UBe of that ledge always. It had been as steady in our time as in his grandfather's, and we only laughed at his prophecies. 3Tet the place of an old filled fissure wsb marked by a line of grass, by tufts of weeds, and small bushes, stretching along as far as the ledge itself, and within a foot of bo of the cliff's face." " Egg8 were not so many as usual, and I went a long piece from my rope before turning back. Then I noticed the very strange con duct of the hosts of sea fowls below. Usually there were hundreds, but now there were thousands on the wing, and instead of darting forth in playful notion, they seemed to be wildly excited, screaming shrilly, rushing out in terror, and returning iu masses as though to alight, only to wheel, and keep the air in vast clouds. *' The weather was beautiful, the sea like glass. At no great distance two large brigs, and nearer a email yacht, lay becalmed, heav ing on the long billows. I could look down her ciibin stairway almost, and it seemed sc ireely more than a long leap to her deck. "Puzzled by the singular conduct of the sea birds, I soon stopped,'and.set my back against- the cliff to rest while watching them. The day was deadly still and very warm. i " I remember taking off my cap and wiping the sweat from my face and forehead with my sleeve. While doing this I looked down in voluntary to the fissure at my feet ! Instantly my blood almost froze with horror ! There was a distinct crack between the inner edge of the fissure and the hard-packed, root-threaded soil with which it was filled. Forcibly I pressed hack, and in a flash looked along the ledge. The fissure was widening before my eyes, the rock before me seemed sinking outward, and with a shudder, and a groan, and a roar, the whole ledge fell crashing to the sea below! I stood on a margin of rock scarce a foot wide, at my back a perpendicular cliff, and five hundred feet below, the ocean, now almost hidden by the vast concourse of wheeling and affrighted birds. Can you believe that my first sensation was one of relief? I stood safe! Even a feeling of interest held me for some moments. Almost coolly I observed a long - and mighty wave roll out from beneath. It went forth a high, curling crest, a solid wall of water. It struck the yacht stern on, plunged down on her deck, smashed through her swell of sail, and swept her out of sight for ever." f' Not till then did by thoughts dwell entirely on my own position; not till then did I comprehend its hopelessness! Ifow my eves closed convulsively, to shut out the abyss down which my glance had fallen; shudder ing, I pressed hard again at the solid wall at my back; an appalling cold slowly crept through me! My reason struggled against a wild desire to leap; all the demons of des pair . whispered to me to make an instant end. In imagination I had leaped ! I felt the swooning helpleesuess of falling, and the cold, Upward rush of air." '' Still J pressed hard back against the wall of rock, and, though nearly faint from terror, never forgot for an instant the death at my feet, nor the utter danger of the slightest motion. How long this weakness lasted I know not; I only know that the unspeakable horror of that first period has come to me in waking dreams many and many a day since ; that I have long nights of that deadlj fear j that to think of the past is to stand again on that narrow fjothold, and to look around on tlie earth is often to cry out with joy that it widens away from my feet." The old man paused long. Glancing sidewise at Jack, I saw that his face was pallid. I myself had shuddered arid grown cold—so sti ongly had by imagination realised the awful experience that Petherick described. V Suddenly," said the old man, " these words flashed to my brain: ' Are not two sparrows sold for a farthing ? And one of them shall not fall to the ground without your Father. Fear not, therefore ; ye are of more value than many sparrows.' My facul ties so strained, I seemed to hear. the words. Indeed, olten yet I think that I did truly hear a voice utter them very near me." " Instantly hope arose, consciously desper ate indeed ; but I became calm, resourceful, capable, and feeling unaccountably aided. Careful not to look down, I opened my eyes and gazed far away over the bright sea. The rippled billows told that a light outward bree?e had sprung up. Slowly, and somewhat more distant, the two brigs moved towards the horigon. Turning my bead, I could trace the narrow stone of my footing to where my rope dangled, perhaps three hundred yards distant." " It seemed to hang within easy reach of the cliff's face, and instantly I resolved, and as instantly proceeded to work toward it. No time remained for hesitation. Night was coming on. I reasoned that my comrades thought me killed. They had probably gone to view the new condition of the precipice from a lower Btation, and on their return would haul up and carry off the rope. I ma'ie a move toward it. Try to think of that journey?" I noilded to him silently. '"Shuffling sideways very carefully, I had not made five yards before I knew that I could not eoni inue t© look out over that abyss without glancing down, and that I could not glance down without losing my senses. You have the brick line to keep eyes on as tou walk along the factory wall; do you think you could move along it erect, looking down as you have to ? Yet it is only one hundred feet higli- Imagine five more such walls on top of that., and you trying to move sideways —incapable of closing your eyes, forced to look down, from end to end, yes three times farther? Imagine you've got to go on or jump off! Would you not, in an ecstasy of nervous agitation, fail on your knees, go down face-first at full length, clutch by your hands, £pd with shut eyes feel your way? I longed to lie down and hold, but of course that was impossible." "Still there was a wall at your back" observed Jack. " That made it worse. The cliff seemed to press outward against me. It did, in fact, incline verj slightly outwards. It seemed to belttivusfcing me off. Oh, the horror oE that sensation I Your toes on the edge of a precipice, and the implacable, calm mountain apparently weighing you slowlv forward." Beads of sweat broke out over his white ™ee ,at the horror he had called before him. Wiping his lips nervously with the back of his hand, and looking askant, as at the narrow pathway, he paused long. I saw its cruel edge and the dark gleams of its abysmal water. "I knew," he resumed, " that with my back to the wall I could never reach 'the rope. I could not face toward it and step forward, bo narrow was the ledge. Motion was perhaps barely possible that way, but the breadth of my shoulders would have forced me to lean somewhat more outward, and this I dared not and could not do. Also, to seek & solid surface before me became an irresis tible desire. I resolved to try to turn round before resuming the desperate journey. To do this I had to nerve [myself for one steady look at my footing. " In the depth below the myriad sea-fowl then rested on the black water, which, though swelling more with the rising wind, had yet an unbroken surface at some little distance from the precipice, while farther out it had begun to jump to white caps and in beneath me, where I could not see, it dashed and churned with a faint, pervading roar that I could barely distinguish. Before the descending sun a heavy bank of clouds had arisen. The ocean's surface bore that appearance ■ of intense and angry gloom that often heralds a storm, but, save the deep murmnr going out from below my perch, all to my hearing was deadly silent, " Cautiously I swung my right foot before the other and carefully edged round. For an instant, as my shoulder rubbed against the rock, I felt that x must fall. I did stagger, in fact, but the next moment ffcood firm, face to the beetling cliff, n*y heels on the very edge, and the new sensation of the abyss be hind me no less horrible than that from which I had with such difficulty escaped. I _etood quaking. A delirious horror thrilled every nerve. The akin about my ears and neck, suddenly cold, shrank con clusively. " Wild with fear, I thrust forward my head against the rock and rested in agony. A whir and wind of sudden wings made me conscious of outward things again. Then a mad eagerness to climb swept away other feelings, and nay hands attempted in vain to clutch the rock. Not daring to cast my head backward, I drew it tortise - like between my raised shoulders and chin againbt the precipice, and gaged upward : with straining of vision from under my eyebrows. : " Far above, this dead wall stretched. Side wiee glances-gave me glimpses of the project* mg summit coping. There was no fear in that direction. But the distraction of scanning the cliff-side had given my strained nerves some relief,- to my memory again returned the promise of the Al mighty, and the consciousness of his regard. Once more my muscles became firm-strung." "A cautious step side wise made me know how much I had gained in ea6e and security of motion by the change of front. I made progress that seemed almost rapid for some rods, and even had exultation in my quick approach to the rope. Hence came freedom to think how I should act on reaching it, and speculation as to how soon my comrades would haul me up. " Then the idea rushed through me that they might even yet draw it away too soon - that while almost in my clutch it might rise J from my hands. Instantly all the terrors of my position returned with tenfold force; an outward thrust of the precipice seemed to grow distinct, my trembling hands told me that it moved boldily toward me, the descent behind me took an unspeakable remoteness and from the utmost depth of that sheer air seemed to ascend steadily a deadlv and a chilling wind. But I think I did not stop for an instant. Instead, a delirium to move faster possessed me, and with quick, side long steps—my following foot striking hard against that before—sometimes on the point of stumbling, Btretched out like the crucified I pressed in mortal terror along. ' " Every possible accident and delay were presented to my excited brain. What if the ledge should narrow suddenly to nothing ? Now I believed that my heels were unsupported in air, and I moved along on tip-toe. Now I was convinced that the narrow pathway Bloped outward that this slope had become so distinct, so increas mgly distinct, that I might at any moment slip off into the void. But dominating every consideration of possible disaster, was still that of the need for speed, and distinct amid all other terrors was that sensation of the dead wall ever silently and inexorably pressing me outward. " My mouth and throat were choked with dryness, my convulsive lips parched and arid • much I longed to press them against the cold moist stone. But I never stopped. I'aster faster—more wildly I stepped—in a delirium I pushed along. Then suddenly before my staring eyes was a well-remembered edge of mossy stone, and I knew that the rope should be directly behind me. Wa6 it ? " I glanced over my left shoulder. The rope was not to be seen I Wildly I looked over the other. No rope! Almighty God ! But what! Yes, it moves—it sways in eight—it disappers—to return again to view ! There was the rope directly at my back, swinging in the now strong breeze with a motion that had carried it away from my first hurried glances. With the relief tears pressed to my eyes, and—face bowed to the precipice almost forgetful for a little lime of the hungry air beneath—I offered deep thanks to my God for the delivery that seemed so near." The old man's lips continued to move, but no sound came from them. We waited silent while, with closed eyes and bent head, he remained absorbed in the recollection of that strange minute of devoutness. " I stood there," he said at last, " for what ! now seems a space of hours, perhaps half a 1 minute in reality. Then all the chances still j to be run crowded upon me. To turn around had been an attempt almost desperate before, and certainly, most certainly, the ledge was no wider where I now stood. Was the rope within reach ? I feared not. Would it sway toward me. I could hope for that. " But could I grasp it should I be saved ' Would it not yield to my hand—coming slowly down as I pulled, unrolling from a coil above, trailing over the ground at the top, running fast as its end approached the edge falling suddenly at last? Or was it fastened to the accustomed stake ? Was any comrade near who would summon aid at mv signal If not, and if T grasped it, and if it'held, how long should I swing in the wind that now bore the freshness and tremors of an immi nent gale ? " Now again fear took hold on me, and, as a desperate man, I prepared to turn my face once more to the vast expanse of water and nothing beyond that awful cliff. Closing mv eyes, I writhed, with I know not what motions easily around, till again mv back pressed against the precipice. That was a restful sen sation. And now for the decision of my fate 1 looked at the rope. Not for a moment could I fancy it within my reach ! Its sway ings were not, as I had expei-ted, even slightly ' inward j but when falling back against the wind, it swung outward, as though the air was eddying from the wall. " Sow I gazed down steadily. "Would a leap be certain death ? The water was of immense depth below. But what chance of striking it—feet or head first ? What chance of preserving consciousness in the descent? No, the leap would be deathj that at least was clear. Again I turned to the rope. I was now perfectly desperate, but steady, nerved beyond the be9t moments of my life, good for an effort surpassing the human. Still the rope swayed, as before, and. its motion was very regular. I saw that I could touch it at any point of its gyrations by a strong leap. " But could I grasp it ? What use if it were not firmly secured above P But all this time for hesitation had gone by. I knew too well that strength was mine but for a moment, and that in the next reaction of weakness I should drop from the wall like a dead fly. Bracing myself I watched the rope steadily for one round, and as it returned against the wind, jumping straight out over the heaving Atlantic. "By God's aid I reached, touched, clutched held the strong line. And it held! Not absolutely." Once, twice, and again it gave— gave with jerks that tried my arms. I knew these indicated but tightening. Then it held firm, and I swung, turning in the air, secure above the waves that beat below." " To slide down and place my feet in the loop was the instinctive work of a moment. Fortunately it was of dimensions to admit my body barely. I slipped it over my thighs up to my armpits just as the dreaded reaction of weakness came. Then I lost consciousness. " When I awakened my dear mother's face was beside my pillow, and she told me that X bad been tossing for a fortnight in brain fever. Many weeta I lav there, and when I got strong I found that I had left my nerve on that awful cliff-side. Never since have I bepn able to look from a height or see any other other human being on one without shuddering, "So now you know the story, Mr. Frazer, and have had your last walk on the factory wall." "He spoke truer than he knew. His story has given me such horrible nightmares ever Bince, that X could no more walk on the high brickwork than along that narrow ledge in distant Cornwall. 