I 'ECHOES OF, MELBOURNE . 1 ', , [By The . Ghost. j ;; The' cession of the New Hebrides to France, which it is now apparent .the Glad stone 'Ministry fully contemplated, 'still continue^ to be. th 6 chief matter . at ? present engrossing ;the' attention of Yictorians. Meetings /have been held'.in every town, village, and hamlet of ,the colony, at -which resoiutions/couched in terms it is. impos sible to misconstruei have been unani mously adopted protesting ; against the ' great wrong the, occupation of the group would inflict upon Australasia. The ex citement over the question has spread ;to New South Wales, and has there, as with us, found vent in public meetings. Parlia-. mentis now in session in the sister colony, and the people's representatives will then have the opportunity of undoing the mis chief ,which the Ministry of Sir Patrick Jennings has^caused. New South Wales is showirig'iii an unmistakable manner that: whatever ' the' opinion \ of:ithe- Government may be : the'heart'of her ;peppie- beats in unison with that of the rest of the colonies, arid it may safely be predicted ' that the pioneer settlement of ' Oceana' is ready to act side by side with her younger sisters in strengthening the hands of the mother country, and getting Lord Granville out of the 'scrape which his ignorance of Aus tralian .feeling, Australian geography, Australian ? history, and want of 'back- bone'.' have1 got his LordBhip into with France. Were it not that just at the pre sont moment a change of Administration would be most ihcorivenientin New South Wales, it is certain that the motion tabled by Sir Henry Parkes.censuring the Govern ment, for the attitude they- have taken up on the New Hebrides qiiestion, would have been carried with' a very large majority. As; it is the; attack made by the veteran statesman on Sir Patrick -Jennings is most damaging to that gentleman andhiscol leagiiesyahd may be looked^ upon as the death-knell: of the ; weakest 'Government that hasioccupie'd the Treasury benches in Sydney for the last ten or a dozen years. ??! Notwithstanding' his' rejection by his late constituency^ of Ballarafc Bast, Mr! John ;. James, who -was ; appointed 'Minister of Mines during the recess, arid '? on the re construction of ' the Government1 -after the defection of 'Messrs.-' Service) and'Berryi coritinuesto stickito offlce like a limpet' to a rock or a barnacle'' to 'a ship's';bottom.f But not' content with' the1 sweets of rofflce^ i.e.', the pay and'patroriage— he.is 'display- ing what Mr.'- Murray' 'Smith, i' once so v,: 'happily ; ' termed ?' a ' '?'?'??*' dis ease (activity,' and js -flyingi all1 ; over the' i country I ? receiving ? ? ' deputations; ' ? and meeting 'interviewers.'.'^ -His latest' esca- pade 'has been to cause 'the removal of a dia'mondidrill fiom' the Sebastopol plateau; where the Premier 'had promised'an'in&u-; eritial; deputation from' Ballarat West it should remain at work, to a locality ; within the ;bouridary of- his late constituency! ? As Mr. , James' intends' -petitioning the House to unseat his opponent and give him the seat, his . recent ? action may be assumed1 as an earnest of his gratitude— that feeling aptly defined as '-'a lively sense of 'favours to come.' Mr. James's appointment will yet prove: a source. 'of 'trouble to 'his 'col- leagues; -An act 'of- Parliament would in any case have been required to legalise his appointment; ? tHe Constitution 'Act only providing' ifor eight' paid Ministers,1 ? and Mr. James being the ninth.' appointee. M In all probability Mr: Gillieswill not rioiy see the necessity of introducing tho measure, and:theriMr.iJamos' will perforce be com pelled nolens volcria tobid.a^nong farewell to all his' greatness:' Proper feeling; should long' -.'i since ihave1' induced '-the'1 rejected Minister to resign.' ? Under siiriilar circum i stances Mr. ? Gaunsoni' the Minister ' of Justice; at once vacated his official position arid' his seatin the Cabinet of the O'Loghliri Government. :But that honourable gentle man', was alawye'r,- a'nd-had his' profession to fall back upon. Mr. James,-' pre vious--to; attaining 'legislative honours, and embracing ; the metier 'of 'jpaid' poli- tician,, followed the trade of blacksinithing and horse-shoeing'.; On his 'return to' the Assembly he disposed of his business, and. now, therefore, finds himself in the : posi tion of having; like the man1 '.all the way from' Manchester,'' -no J 'work to : do! Hence his ' ; disinclination to renounce ' his office'— and1 the 'pay attached to'it;1 ' :* ?? The early closing agitation 'has subsided, and peace once more'reigns in: Collingwood and Fitzroy. The overworked employes ] and their sympathisers have, for the time ibeingj accepted the ; inevitable, ?'. and are 1 biding their time until the ; Legislature i undoes its foolish work - of- last session by repealing the Factories' Act, and starts on | another ';; tack by 'declaring' eight' 'hours to be alegal day's work, arid rendering it an offence for any employer 'to keep his hands' ibehind' : a counter for any' longer number of hour's.. Whether the ' amendment 'of the law will have the desired effect still iremains'to be seen. 'With previous ex perience ' to -guide them; the Government 'should,' however, be chary; of- introducing 'any '.''grandmotherly laws;' '?-'?' '' / | 'Iri tho absence from Victoria of a bishop,' ;the Venerable Dean lias been, asked to order- that prayers' for ' rain 'should be offered in the Episcopalian churches of the' diocese.' Bearing in- mind the action of his. late superior, during a former period of drought, when Dr; Moorhouse advised that recourse' should be had to the' construction of water conservation' works before suppli cation' for rain were offered— by- this sen sible advice calling -a hornet's nest about his 'clerical head— the Dean has applied the rule of ' local option' to the request. As rain is- not required in some parts of the colony, ??? it is only, to be prayed for where specially wanted. In the northern area3 the clergy have, during the past two Sundays; introduced into the service the portion . of .the Liturgy bearing on the question. To such as like to couple cause and effect it may be interesting to, state that within the past few days the.' drought' in !; Victoria and 'New South' Wales has1 broken up! 'i As ? in New South Wales no prayers -for -rain were ? offered, '.the sister colony has evidently benefited by the pious act of her'neighbour. ' ? ;? ' 1 A most disgraceful episode iri connection with, what by a great stretch of imagina tion is termed 'the administration of .justice' has ocdufred in Sandhurst. Two Chinamen now in goal on a: charge' of stealing the copper '? plates from a ; quartz ; crushing battery, were supposed, for some reasons known only to the \ police; to be in some way concerned in the mysterious dis appearance of a constable, who has been absent from his home for some' three weeks or more, and of whose whereabouts noth ing can be discovered. The services of Mr. Stuart Cumberland, the 'thought reader,' were accordingly called intore q'uisition; and the; Chinese prisoners having been duly: warned that ' A devil- man from1 an! /tinknownl country - who ? could ; read- ' their thoughta' was about to visit them, were brought into a cell' whore a. full length, portrait of the missing constable was displayed on the wall, surrounded with various accessaries calculated to awaken the superstitious dread of the Celestials, and arouse tlieir fears. ,But-aU Mr. Cumber land's efforts to 'read the thoughts' of Messieurs Ah Wong and Ching Tong proved abortive,, the. reason assigned by Mr. Cumberland for his non success being tho low irioral , type of the , subjects operated upon. The last. of this disgraceful affair has not yet. been hoard, and the detective police are likely to receive anything rather than 'kudos' for their silly attempt to bring the supernatural into play,- to frighten suspected criminals into, con fessing a crime of which, perhaps, they know absolutely nothing. , . , '' , Mr. Stuart Cumberland is, however, lriore successfuliri small things. He is able to read thj3 numbers of bank notes he has never seen, .'and1 discover objects hidden in all sorts of , out of- the-way places. ' Miss Haidee Heller,' it will be remembered, was able tp'perform the first of these; feats, and would, ; doubtless, have been able suc cessfully to; 'accomplish the other . had opportunity been given, her. : On Wednes day ' an eno'rmous', crowd collected ; iri ' ttie frokt of the To'wnHall,and Mr.Cuinberland, blindfolded iand attache d to another gentle riiari by ,a steel wire, walked'along pollins-. street, followed by, at least a! couple' of thousand people, and in Messrs. Alston and Brown's drapery establishment brought to light a breast pin, ,which a'getitleinan had purposely concealed there a short time before. ? :. Whence '.Mr. Curiiberland derives his power as'a '?' thought reader', it is idle to speculate upon, but it.is a pity his talent shjould only;1 be .available, ,'f or small dis coveries pf.no use to anyone. Evidently, he is a greater adept at; 'finding hidden pins than; ! he '- is at ' discovering' hidden criminals.' \ '' ; , ''?' ? ' ;''' '' ? ' ' .. .',.'_ ' The charge; of heresy levelled against Mr. Dods will now be investigated. Under the threat of being declared contumacious in the event- of refusing, the reverend gen tlernniri has ' iianderl; __over the seiuriohs preached during 1884-85 to the, Melbourne Presbytery, and a cominittoo of that body will ere long be engaged in- the congenial task of trying to pick holes in a brother's orthodoxy. , Whether the. ; '. heresy hunt' will be a successful one still reriiains to be seen. Ample .time has been afforded the accused to alter, amend, or even to 'rewrite the objectionable sermons, and thus outwit his accusers. ? '.. , . . ,: ? .'; '???'' '? - - - ' - - - — : ? 