Following notices are from last issue of : the 'Gazette.' — Applications refused. — J. I A. Rowan, 680a, Gobur ; J. Coghill, I 460a, do ; A. J, Rowan, 680a, do ; J. j M'Pherson, 660a, Yarck ; J. Stewart, 600a. Gflbnr ; J. Dempsey, 101a. Glena roua , A. Rnulston, 430a, Mitchell ; T. I Callagban, 680a, Wirrate ; A. R. Craw ford, 1000a, Puckaponyal : D. M'Innes, 870a, do ; J. Graff, 810a, Mitchell ; M. Roulston, 640a, do : M. Deane. 560a, do ; M. Duggan, 650a, do ; .T. English, 530a. Broadford : C. Fiminfl. Glenaroua ; G. Fenner, 270a, Worrough ; J. E. Green, 650a, MitcheU ,- ML Grist, 1000a, do ; P. Kenny, junr., 491a, Broadford : J. King, 750a, Moormbool E. - Martin, 200a* Eobybojn ; W. Morley, 40a, Lowry ; E. Marshall, 600a, Puckapunyal ; W. Murray, 650a, Wirate ; T. Mullavey, 220a, Lowiy ; M. S. Meg»et, 300a, Dropmore ; E. A. Min chinton, 200a, do ; C. Callaghan, 680a, Wirrate ; A. M'Alister, 660a, Panynle ; G. Leech, 660a, Yea ; R. Morrisey, 175a, do ; 0. Mlhtosh, 440a, do ; P. O'Brien, 220a, Ghin Ghin ; R. Reeves, 430a, Broadford ; F. Robertson, 1000a. Packa punyaj ; G. Tucker, 1000a, do ; J. Wil son, 700a, Panynle ; W. Oliver, 500a, Mitchell ; M. A. M'Innes, 460a, Pucka punyal ; B. Goodman, 600a, Bailepton ; ? J. Hiort, 680a, Yea : M. K. M'Kenzie, 680a, Broadford * J. M&isenpo;, 360a, Switzerland ; R. Cameron, 750a, Whroo ; J, Connaliy. 500a, Moormbool ; F, A, Griffiths, 575a, Mangalore ; J. Scott, 870a, Derail, S. Fisher, 810a, Mitchell ; L Rintil. 780a, do ; J. Scott, 845a, Derail ; A. J. C. Evans, 200a, Koby boyn ; W. Anderson, 1000a, Ghin Ghin ; C. M 'Donald, 1000a, Worrough ; T. Purill, 200a, Broadford ; J. Pout, 1000a, Worrough ; J. Stewart. 1000a, do ; J. Smeal. lOOOo, do ; M. Sorraghaa, 680a, do ; J. S. Webster, 1000a, do ; H. Webster. 1000a, do. Licenses approved. — J. Nicholls, 3a, Mitchell j L !?. Side bottom, 188a, Avenel ; Donald M'. Kenjae. 320a, Dropmore ; Thus. M' Kenzie, 320a, Dropmore ; Jaa. M* Kenzie, 220a; Dropmore ; Richard Ryan, I 318a, Tarcombe ; Wm. W. M'Innes, | 138a. Tarcombe and Monea South ; j Margaret Green, 320a, Dropmore ; Georae Foster, 320a, Dropmore ; Terence D. Fitzp&tnek;, 320a, Kobyboyn ; Jno. Clooney, 100a, Yea ; Wm. Richards, 23a, Windham ; George N'Kenzie, 295a, Yea ; Louisa & French. 320a, Tarcombe ; Wm. Stafford, 320a, Kobyboyn ; Eva Rashe, 320a, Dropmore; Edwin Rashe, 320a, Dropmore ; Robot Foster, 320a, Drop more ; J D. O'Callaghan, 320a, Switzer land ; Ernest Allen, )81a, Tarcombe ; Joseph Foster, 320a, Dropmore ; George Don, 320a, Dropmore ; Reuben Knapsey, 320a, Kobyboyn ; Kenneth M'Kenzie, 320a, Dropmore ; Sydney R. Sharp, 280a, Xiongwoud ; Henry Wall is, 183a, Ghin Ghin ; Kdwd. Fit^erald, 320a, Dropmore ; Phillip Farrell, 121a, Glena rana - Jsa. S. Nasfa, 320a, Woodburne-; Michael Riordan, 319a, Clonbinane ; Rachel Bainey, 81a, Panynle ; Alice Williams. 27a, Au^nle ; Jas. Hoabuijgh 210a, Wiarrowitue ; Wm. CoX, 320a,' Warrowitne ; Maiy R. Wylie. 50a, Tool borac ; Louisa B. Wfllett, 199a. Vird witne : Matthew May, 134a, Tooborac ; Jno. Eeane, 108a, Panyule ; *li« WiUansi 198a, Panyule. Lease. — J. Towell, 319a, Switzerland. The hon. sec. of the Seymour Concert sad Comedy Club requests us to state that the net proceeds of late entertain ment given in eid of local B.C. school : amounts to £17 5s, which snm has been lodged to credit of institution. On Friday evening what might have been a serious accident, occurred at the Seymour railway station. JL'h rough some mistake at the points the ,4 o'clock goods train for Melbourne—was run on to' a ciding when leaving the station. The driver evidently did not notice . the mis take, and a couple of seconds later the engine collided with the huffsr heads and was thrown clean off the line. Father Family of Kilmore, was a passenger in the van ; and although he, fortunately escaped nnhurt, he looked as frightened as if he had jnst discovered a black snake coiled op m his wiirtwltyfet The Illustrated Australia^ News for current month is to b.nn The principal feature is a sketch of (lie finjt Federal Council, the likenesses in which are excellent. The remaining illustrations are scarcely up to the uancl standnrd and, the reading matter is irerely A short resume of last month's news. At the conclusion of the business at last meecing of the Seymour Shire Council, Or Morisoii announced that in consequence of leaving the district, he was compelled to band in his resignation. In doing so he begged to tender his grate ful thanks to both council and ratepayers. She former always dealt generously Vith him while the latter iuvariably showed the confidence they felt in when his term of office expired. He could not leave a position he held for so many years with out bearing testimony to the excellent and conscientious manner in which the secretary had ever performed i his duties. Although the youngest member of die council, Cr Dodceiy could not let the opportunity pass without expressing' 'his high opinion of the many good qualities possessed by Cr Morison. He was a conscientious man, and an able councillor, whose departure would be a real loss to i them alL The President and Crs Ryan, | Donaldson and Wallder also bore testimony -to the loss which council would sustain through the departure of Ct Morison, after which resignation was accepted. : A few days ago Mr Job Gerrard of Mangalore had some rather startling experience in binding oats. He was in the act of tying a large sheaf when the band was jerked ont of his ' hand, and from the centre of it a tiger snake dropped to the ground, and attacked him with the ferocity of a bull dog. Fortu nately a fork was at hand, and the reptile was killed, but not before Mr Gerrard received a shock to the nervous system which will long outlive the memory of the happiest event of his life. Mr Tucker has a summary manner of dealing with land applicants, who have the misfortune to possess private property. At a land board lately held in Seymour, Mr James Marshall was recommended for a six-hundred acre block. An op ponent, however appealed to the Minister, and the case was heard a few days ago. Mr Marshall was asked if he possessed [ any other land ; and if so how much. | ' About two thousand acres' he replied. ' Well that's quite enough for you' responded his Majesty of the Lands ; and forthwith the decision of the board was reversed. This certainly appears like an afternoon shadow of the historic days when one Minister is reported to have paid he had his hand on the thioat of capital, while another ranted about ' broken heads and flaming houses. ' Mr R. Cole of Emily-Btreet killed a large black snake in his bedroom a few eveningB ago . The reptile was seen in the apartment a few times previously, but always managed to escape through a crack in the floor until the axe of Mr Cole went whizzing through the air with the velocity of a sun beam. Usual monthly meeting of Free Library Committee was held on evening of 3rd inst. Present — Rev. MrMfFarlaneand Messrs Fuller, Bishop, Mulligan and Purcell. The hon. sec. announced that £30 had been received from Government towards building fund, a sum in advance of previous subsidies. It was decided to expend £20 more in purchase of books, so that the institute will soon be supplied with a large and varied stock of litera ture. The irallncinstiofs of the mental faculties often coa jure op obsolete or imaginary ideas. A mirage in the desert has enticed many a thirsty traveller in ' the opposite direction from where a long sought pool of fresh water was lying. Weak minds have often become besotted with fanciful ideas that ghosts predomi nate, or that the end of all things is' at hand. Many other ideas, too, are ' continually going the round of society j all the world over. In Australia, among { many the belief is current that a ' bun yip' is a thing of existence ; whether it ] is a wild-man, a nsn, reptile or insect, however, does not appear 10 have been [ settled upon. But one thing is perfectly sure, a bunyip has never been captured. A party of young men went out to the race-course the other moraine to watch horses, entered, for the Seymour races, go through preliminary gallops. ' Look up in the grand-stand, there. By Jove it is a banyip,' said one. *' Good luck so it is,' said another : and they started off to examine it. The occupant of the giand-stahd, from the distance at which it was first sees, had all the appearance of wildness. A lengthy beard, bedewed and floating on the wind, a strange weird hollow chuckle, and a peculiar wave of it - arms — all these things seemed to evidence the existence of the long- sought bunyip. Coming nearer the object of curiosity, however, the slight mist was lifted from the gazers' eyes, and the popular owner of Saucy Boy wished them an affable ' good morning.' Applications forgrantB to book funds of free libraries or mechanics* institutes should be made to the Chief Secretary before the 28th inst. Two extra police magistrates have been appointed by the dying Ministry. The Coalition is determined to leave an expensive heirloom to posterity, no matter how the elections may go. Mr M'ClurG requests us to state that urgent business called him from home on Tuesday evening, so that he was unable to attend meeting re ate for proposed crossing at the Seymour station. Since then we are informed that two contra petitions have been forwarded on subject. In last issue of the ** Gazette,' Bishop Moorhouse is appointed a trustee lor church land at Portland. 'Considering that his Lordship will very soon be com fortably housed in Manchester, it will 'he interesting to find out how he will per form the duties of a trustee in Portland. But , of course, such matters are beneath the notice of our clock-like rulers. Following contracts have been accepted for supplying forage at undermentioned police stations. Avenel — C. Murphy, at following rates. — Straw 3«, hay 5s, bran \ 7s, oat* 8s 6d ; Broadford — A. Zwar, straw 3s, hay 5s, bran 8s, oats 8s 9d ; j Kilmore — J. Young ind EL Goodman, j Btxaw£s9d. hcaui 8s 8d- oats 6a9d : Pva long — J. Dwyer, straw 4s, hay 6s ; Talla rook — A. Zwar, straw 3s, hay, 5s, bran 8s, oats 9s : Yea — J. Quinlan, straw 3s, hay-6s. oats 10s rliOngwood— -J: Barton/ straw 3s --d, hay 5s 6d, bran 10s, oats 10s : Nagambie — J. Morissy and J. Boyes, straw 3s, hay 5s, bran 7s 6d, oats 8s Mr Wyatt, P.M., has been appointed chairman of licensing boards at. Seymour, Avenel, Pyalong, Sheppffton, Moo roopno; Ruahworth, Runnymeade, Heath cote, Carapaspie, and Langley. ' It is expected that seven-eights of the residents of Tallarook will be photo graphed within the next ten days. A freckled girl with red hair and a cast in her eye got her carte taken at the local studio on Monday afternoon ; but the counterfeit presented a dark-looking beauty with sparkling orbs and hair like the raven's wing. . Nearly every girl in the town was photographed bn same after noon, and next morning the old women commenced to drop in. ? Mr G. Wallder requests us to pub lish following for general information : — Local Act 1874, section 62. — Ver- batim. — Every persou liable to be rated in respect, of property either consisting of one or more tenements, of the - rateable value of twenty pounds at the 1 least, in any. municipal district, shall be j qualified to hold the office of councillor of the municipality, but so long only | as he shall continue to hold such qualification. , We are in receipt of the ' Zanoni' waltz - for the pianoforte, by'Mr F. C. Sheehan, of Nagambie. It is a series of lively and taking .airs, written in an easy . although efficient manner, and reflects considerable credit to the c -mposer. Evidences ' of thorough knowledge in * harmony anid counterpoint sufficient for the most accomplished musician are apparent throughout the work. On account of its excellence as a musical composition we trust it will have a large .and ready sale. Saladin won Hurdles at Shepparton, Sweetmeat '2, Canute ' S, Paleftce won Produce with Hbira aod Hotspur second and t.iird. Honey Bee carried off Handi cap ; Gardenia second and Genao third. Alia, Fiteroy and Gentle Annie come 1, 2, 3 for Maiden Plate and Gaxdenia, Aria and Cuba in same order for Flying Stakes. Wisdom won Selling zane closely followed by Mermaid and Bonnie Bee, and Brunette, Soldier Boy and £-? D. came first second and third for Moira Handicap. Mr T, II. Moyle reports having sold privately daring the week 20 acres of land in Parish of Mangalore on account of Mr -las. Kyle, also on account of -Captain Adams, the whole of his well selected flocks of merino sheep. Mr T, H. Moyle will dispose of a nice cottage and a large selection of household furniture near the Seymour Uailtray Station on 18ch inst. Particulars appear in ' another column. Messrs T H. Moyle and W, S. Tristan will hold their usual monthly stock sales atGuild's Yards on 19tu inst. Mr Hunt M.L.A^ will address the electors of Tallarook at Fox's Hotel at 6 o'clock to-morrow evening. A good atten dance is anticipated. Mr C. E. Wallder is to be presented with a testimonial by his KUmore friends it 7-30. p.m. on Tuesday. Presentation place at Royal Oak Hotel. The Free Trade and starvation wages of 'the Modern Babylon' are beginning to take effect. On Monday afternoon a number of unemployed laborers aod half-starved mechanics was held at Tra falgar square, where socialistic addresses were delivered by several speakers. At the conclusion of the meeting the mob marched to Pall Mall where they smashed the windows of the principal dabs and gave a few persons some rough handling. They then went down Oxford and Regent street, stopping the vehicles and assault- i ing the passengers, and finally they entered a number of shops and carried away eveiything. All this time the fat and lazy aristocrats of the West End were wondering what the people could bnd fault with. They have got their State church, they have got their Royal house hold, they have got their dukes, their earls and their commercial and landed princes, they have got their stately churches and well-paid bishops, they have got their House of Lords, and roomy, well-ventilated workhouses, and still they are discontented and unhappy. There is certainly plenty of room for Buckshot Forster to step in and show the civilised world how to break the spirit of an unruly nation and make the people re Bpect the glorious institutions, which heaven has blessed them with. Mr Morkham going to settle dispute , between Shepparton and South Shep parton shires. 