THE FLEMINGTON AND KENSING- TON FIRE BRIGADE. Tho fourth annual concert in connection with tho Flemington and Kensington Firo Brigade waB held in the New' Hall, Newmarket, on Tuesday evening. The chair was occupied by Captain J. E. Rigby, and there waa a crowded and appreciative audience. The programme, a lengthy and attractive pne, was commenced with the overture ' Waves of tho Ocean,' by Miss Gibson, followed by a duet (serio-comic) ' Very Suspicions,' by Misses L. and E. Speakman., Mr: R. Lindsay sang 'The Queen of tho Earth.' Mrs. F. Lougmprein ' Come. Back to Erin' was leudlyl'ifeplauded, and Mr. S. P. Davis in his comic song, 'Fire Brigade,' in character, was both amusing and successful. Messrs. G. Illmau and Son gave 'The Two Obadiah's' on-their musical hand bells, which was muchapproQiatod, and Miss Violet Nichblls, thc infant wonder, gave a comic song, ' Selected,' in a mest clover and original manner, and was loudly encored. Miss Green and Master Rigby played a viplin solo, ' L'Elsic D'Amore,' very nicely, and Mr. C. Brown sang 'Maid of tho Mill' with hiB usual success. A comic song by Mr. J. Martin, and a banjo sketch,' De Trouble begins at Nine,' concluded tho first portion of the programme. After an interval, during which tho Kensington Drum and Fife Band played selections, the second part wus commenced by SI/os Gibson with an overture nicely rendered. Mr. J. Martin sang a comic song, 'If 1 only know how it, was done,' and Mrs. Longmore, ' Bid me Good-bye,' both very successfully. Messrs. Illmau and Sou played ' Marching thro' Georgia' and other selections on the bells. Mr. R. Lindsay gave a song (selected), and the infant wonder, Miss Violet NichoIIs, again appeared in character in tho comic song ' M'Carthy's Mare,' -and waa so successful that sho was obliged to respond to an cncore. , Mv. S. P. Davis sang ' Sweetheart apd Wife's,' and Mr. J. Oay delivered a 'stump speech, ' De uiiVk in de [cocoa nuts,' which created great morri- •ment The entortainmunc was brought to ;a close withithe laagliablo farce of " Tho Ghost in the Pawnshop.'- Tho result will :bc n Ponsidprahlo addition tatlie brigade [funds, and Messrs. Babbage and Tail, tho ijoi^tsecretaries, deserve congratulation on the success of their efforts. 