IRovdtst "DORA DUNBAR." AN AUSTRALIAN STORY. , CHAPTER XV.—(Continued.) BY M 0 N A." \- Sometimes, in a forgetful frame, we turn to her room as in days of yore, for advice and encouragement, only to be confronted by her vacant couch. And,in tha wet cold nights that follow,how hard it seems to shut her out in the rain and darkness, while we gather round the hearth, evpn though we know it is but the shell and the casket lying there—that the pearl, the precious gem, it held is safe m God's keeping. . < CHAPTER XYL In is little more than forty-eight hours after burying our dead, that the final blow falls. I am sitting beside the dining-room fire, listlessly looking into its depths, and thinking half bitterly, half regretfully of Norton Fowler's share in my paBt, thinking what comfort I might have derived from his love during these dark, dark days, had he been true to his better nature, when the chief suddenly enters, his face ghastly and horrorstricken, and toBBQS to Ag, whose presence I had been almost oblivious of, a telegram form. "Misfortunes never come singly 1" he groans, striding, out of the room, without another wcrd ,ind shutting himself into the den, as a slam of the door proclaims. ^ "What is it, Ag?" I ask apprehensively, noting the sudden awful horror that dilates her eyes, and blanches her cheeks, " What is it ?" I repeat in impatient agony, half-frightcned by her stony anguish. Once, twice, she tries to speak, but in vain. The tbird time the one word "Freddie" makes itself heard. Its utterance seems to break the spell, and mechanically she hands me the' paper,- but I turn from it with a shudder, remembering the one I got at Sunnyside. ' . _ " No, tell me,—is she ill?" I ory, fearing I know not«what. r . ~ v -' v " 111?—worse !" shudders Ag, bowed and broken-looking. " Worse,?—riot dying? obi riot dying! It cannot be i"' " Dead 1" and with the^word Bbe falls on her knees beside me, and, with her arms around me and her head hfmy lap, she breaks into a storm of sobs thatterrify,. and, taken in conjunction with her terrible news, bewilder me totally. _ - : Dead I can it be possible ?—she, our bright, beautiful,-beloved sister—dead! I could laugh aloud at the thought, in my disbelief. That young, vigor ousj beautiful life out short 1 that gay, sweet voice hushed, those sunny eyes sealed for ever 1 and all her new-born wealth of mother-love and wifely-worship d«id with her! O, baby Bruce; poor, little motherless tf'aif! I could almost hate you in the first heat of our new fire of affliction! Is it any wonder that he, your sorely-striken sire, should shrink, for a time from the sight of your sweet innocent face, knowing that your birth has cost his darling's life ? God comfort him, and guide thee, poor babe—so unconscious of thy loss 1 For neatly- twenty minutes Ag clings, weeping wildly, to me, deaf to my soothing words, insensible to all my caresses, then gradually shegrows calm, and turns comforter for the benefit of the rest of us; first telling me the substance of the telegram.. It is very brief, simply conveying the sad and promising particulars by the first mail* ,, \- i'aken awfiy from the evil to come." Mrs. Sutherland's words recur to us both, and gratefully we thank God that she was spared this crushing blow. , Even as we dwell upon those strangely prophetic syllables, Mrs. Sutherland arrives, her own grief swallowed up in the greatness of her sympathy for us. , \- But why dwell upon the long weary hours of sad waiting that follow ? or even upon the contents of poor Lex's heart-broken letter ?— they, indeed, are too sacred to be lightly exposed to every eye. Enough that it is too true,—that dreadful telegram,—that she, the flower of the family, the pride and joy of her husband's ;heart is truly under the sodhidden from our earthly eyeB for ever. She had never recovered her strength after her baby's birth, seeming at first to do well, theni gradually, fading away, wasting to a skeleton almost, so thin and weak, but to the last, sweet and unselfish, cheering him with confident assurances of their future meeting. Last messagefkshe sent us all, bidding us epecially be good to her "boys," for her sake, and advising Lex to leave New Zealand, where he had neither kith nor kin, and return to his old home. But that neither duty nor inclination will sanction at present. The land that holds her dust, is dearer to him than even the land of parents, home, and friends, and for her little one's sake he must not lightly resign the post that means independence, and eat the bread of idleness; for there is no opening for him in S—, nor much prospect of there being one.. Besides, in work, he ean best forget his loss, he tells us, and work he does go hard that he knocks himself up moBt procounc^aiy, »:«•.« t: r.de or lour monsus later findshimaelf crdered home on sick leave for three months. There I find him looking the ghost of the old- time Le?, poor fellow I. when I return for the Christmas vacation, for I had insisted on going back to my work at Camborough, despite the mute entreaties of Ag's wistful eyea, and the chief's suggestion to relinquish it. There was nothing forme to do "at home in cur diminished household, as I told them, and I must have something to fill my thoughts, and take me out of myself. . Reluctantly, they had consented at last to my continuing it for another year, hoping then, I iiigfcl resignit of my qwn accord. My Sdnayaid2 friends had met me on my return with'a-ganuine sympathy that- tried my control sorely, and- vied with each other in their kindness to me. Nance I find quite recovered, apd looking health and beauty personified, She has at length consented to "name the day," and, rather to Mr. Alexander's disgust, has fixed it for no less distant a date than St. Valentine's day,-that being also her birthday. • Slewly the weeks pass by, despite all I can do to make them fly—working hard during school hours, and harder still studying for matriculation in my spare time, for in study now I find forgetfulnesa and calm. Twice a week I go into C— for lessons and it is on one of these occasions that, on leaving my tutor's residence and calling for letters at the post, I receive the followingprecious epistle. Fernlea, Tuesday evening, MY DEAB'MISS DONBAB, Let my anxiety to render you the full explanation that is your due plead for my presumption in thus addressing you, and in justice to yourself do not act upon what will most probably be your first impulse, and return this unread. Dp not think for a moment I mean to make excuses for myself, or try to gloss over my vile conduct. L9t that stand in all its black,cowardly°itreachery, it will the sooner quench the last sparky of your regard, supposing that even one remains, and to forget me is the wisest thing you can do now- Aye, forget me, forget that I ever entered you life, though, till my dying day, I shall cherish a fond rememberance of your every word and looik. I love you too well to wish you to preserve even the faintest memory" ot me, for remembrance must mean aught .but happiness or pleasure in this case, and you have had your share of sorrow and pain of late'—may the f uture recompense you amply for the past. Bat to come to the point. I deem it t»ly right to tell you that as deeply as I loved you when I asked you to become my wife, I love you still, more deeply on the principle that forbidden fruit gains in sweetness.; the unattainable becomes all-desirable 1 From the first hour I met you and fell under the spell of your loveliness, till the present moment, my passion has been a part of my life, and will be till! I cease to exist. Does this horrify your sense of right? my loving one woman with all my soul, and perjuring myself to gain another's gold. " The love of money is the root of all evil," truly, now-adays as of old, and with N. F., especially. Picturesque poverty I can form no conception of. Penury is my pet antipathy, and to be-hard up with others depending on mettle thought is enough 1 I should desert them or commit suicide. Am I painting myself plainly enough 1 It is not a sweet picture, is it ? No, the change is not in you, but in my altered circumstances. As the manager of Fernlea, I had a comfortable home, if not a luxurious one, to offer my wife, but as Norton Fowler, minus position and prospects, existence on a pound a week, perhaps, to share. My marriage will be purely a bargain —the rent-roll of Lillica for my youth and good looks, my bride elect tells me. I may flatter myself on the possession of the latter without vanity, and for youth—I am only twenty-eight in years, but thrice that in worldly-wise foresight, eh ? Have I said enough to make you loathe and despise me even as I despise myself ? In one way I hope so, but despise me, forget me if you will, yet pity mo a little, too, for, viilain and coward as I am, my punishment is hard to bsar. Tied for life to a woman I do not even profess to love, who bores and irritates me every hour of the day, thrice her wealth could not reconcile me to my loss of your sweet self. Who would envy me ? Perhaps the—" Bat here contempt and. disgust get the better of me, and crunching the paper into a ball, I thrust it into my pocket v with angry vehemence. '.- \- 41 Hiserablswretch!'' I mutter to myself, 44 it would serve him right to send it to his ' bride elect' as he calls her, but between her infatuation and his lack o 1 conscience, he'd convince her it was a forgery." "^What'B the matter, Dot? something has upset your serenity, " Nenee's voice breaks in on my soliloquy, as I near the gate of her mother's cottage. Drawing her into her own room I give her the letter with a cart— "11,-33 that." Puzzled, but obedient, she does so, and I watch her face with its lightning changes of expression while she reads. Surprise, contempt, indignation, disgurt chase each other across it, and confirm my own opinion. "Well?" I say sharply, as she silently h^nds it back. " " Don't speak of him, Dot, he's beneath your notice," she advises gently, then, curiosity Droving stronger than her resolve, 4 1 When did he propose, dear?" 4 The day he drove me down in his dogcart." " And you—" " Said * yes,' after a week's consideration. Bat enough of him Nance. I wish the widow joy of her bargain." "You are well rid of him, dear; don't regret him." "I don't now. That letter cured me," I laugh, bitterly. " When does the wedding take place, Nance i" " N*xt- Thursday, I heard yesterday." "InC—?" • " Yes, at the English church." " Thursday—that ie/ete day, is it not ?" "Yes, or to quote the C— News, our ' Annual Athletic Sports.'" " And a school holiday! Nance, I must get in for it." "The/etc?" " No, the wedding." 5 4 Dot, do you mean to make a death's head of the feast ?" " I mean to make Norton Fowler see my mania is over." "As you please, ma chere. The church will be crowded, I think, for it's to be a grand affair as dress goes, though only intimate friends are invited. He wanted a private wedding, Mrs. R;iynor told me, but she insisted cn asking her hundred and one particular friends, and being married in the church." Wise woman, after paying so mucb for him. why shouldn't she exhibit him?" " Cynic! are we to be present then ?" And 'fitness the sacrifice—yes." " Can you calmly look on it ?" " Wait and see—-I think so." '• B9 up in good time then, we mustn't be late," she says, as the buggy comes round to the gate. . • "All right," I promise, as I follow Mrs. Arcroft out to it, stopping a moment to say good-bye to Mrs. Stair. " In time for what, Dot?" asks Mrs. Arcroft, as we bowl along. " Mr. Fowler s wedding on Thursday." " Oh, you heard of it, then?" curiously. •• ~ " Yes, and I want you to drive me into see it,"T say, coaxingly. "Gold won the day after all, Dot?" sliev ventures, in half-tender, half-sarcastic tones,; 4 1 I hope he may be as happy as he deserves^. It's a piiy, for his sake, you hadn't a= 'Lillica' to take him to." "And ir blessing for mine," I laugh. 4 That sounds like sour grapes, eh ? but it's* not. Like«Lady Clare,' I want to be loved • for • my own true worth.'" •'• " I'm glad to hear it, Dot," she says earnestly, " I should never forgive myself if I thought that by making him so welcome always, I had helped him to deceive yon at all." "Never think that, dear Mrs. Arcroft. I was deceived in him for a time, I candidly confess, but my eyes are open now, and I resign him to the widow without a regret." 4 That'B good news tome, and in gratitude for it, I promise to drive you in to see the knot tied, if all's well." \- She.is ias good as her word, and Thursday moming finds us, on the stroke of eleven, simmering in the crowded church, waiting for the wedding party. Three, four, five minutes pass, then the carriages dash up to the church, and a moment later the bride enters on her brother's arm, his face expressing the disapprobation he feels. She is fearfully and wonderfully resplendent in ruby brocade, the bodice fitting her substantial figure with a tightness suggestive of an explosion, with a blaze of diamonds at her throat, ears and wrists, and in her hair. Entering by another door her bridegrom advances, and meets her at the communion, in front of the old clergyman. Handsome and self-possessed, he goes through his share of the solemn service with outward indifference. " Till death do us part." As the words fall on my ears I reoall his written ones— 4 'Tied for life to a woman I do not even profess to love," and I wonder if he remembers them too. The ceremony ever, he makes no effort to foil the " best man's" determination to obtain tfce first kiss, but coolly drawing bis wife'a ar >n through his, leads her to the vestry § Then the crowd elowly files, out so slowly that Nar ci and 1 are only emerging from our pew as the bridal party re-appear, and my funereal figure in it's deep mourning is the first thing they see. That he sees it the dark lei flush that dyes his face declares, and his eyes fall before mine, but only for a moment; then, bowing slightly, he hurries on. After the breakfast the " happy pair," start for Sydney, where they spend the honeymoon. And thus ends that chapter of my life. CHAPTER XVII. Christmas Eve beholds my return to S— for three weeks. Vie, a tall, slender, gentlemanly youth of sixteen now, is on. the station to meet me, and Ag's sweet face gleams radiantly from the cab he leads me to. "I couldn't come any further,dear," she says, softly, glancing down at a small, chubby figure in her arms—a bright, bonny bit of humanity, whose big blue eyes and sunny curls proclaim him Freddie's son. "Bruce? Ag! give him to me," I cryhastily, returning her kiss as I bend to take him. "Isn't he like her, Ag?" I murmur, alternately, kissing him and staring him out of countenance, "What a splendid little fellow ! Is he as good as this always ?" A question Master Bruce answers himself by eetflog up a lusty roar, and shrinking shyly from my strange face. "Oh, hush! Here take him, Ag," bundling him into her arms in dismay, " slot him if you can." That she doe3 speedily, the mite seemalready to know and love her, then applies herself to answering my man;, questions till we reach home. Home! It scarcely seems that with out the all-prevading influence of our sweet invalid mother. And the worn, altered face of Lex at the drawing-room window adds to its strangeness, as, with drooping frame an<i feeble step he comes to meet us, I recall mv last glimpse of him on his Wedding-day, anc s il e contrast moves me to tears. -> y" Dora!" he says, with forced cheerfulness, "is it really you?—really-the little palt student of two years ago ? Time has been a generous friend to you, as far as beauty and bloom are concerned, ma chere." "Ay, but how bitterly, how hardly thai same time had dealt with me in the mattei of my dear ones!" I remind myself, returning his salutation, and at the thought my lips quiver painfully, forbidding speech, g. Altogether it is a sad home-coming, and ttie days that follow are dreary and joylessfull of memories of the missing faces that leave such gaps in our circle. Lex we see little of, but baby Bruce almost lives with us—Ag and he being inseparable; lives with us entirely, indeed, for a fortnight of my visit, owing to a sudden relapse that almost leaves him doubly-orphaned. The chief takes a wonderful fancy to the little sprite, and spends minutes at a time playing and romping with him, as I am sure he never did with us, and Ag and Vio vie with each other in their efforts to spoil him, and I must plead guilty to aiding them. Uneventfully my holidays pass, anda week after the. New Year I set out on my 'return to Camborough, accompanied by Vic, whose delight at the prospect of a month's hunting, etc., at Sunnyside, is boundless. Mrs. Arcroft had taken a great liking to his frank, laughing face in my album, and enjoyed my stories of his quips and pranks so much, that I had strict orders to bring him back with me if only for a month. The chief had hesitated a little before consenting, plunging poor Vio into unfathomable dispair, and transporting him thence, to the seventh heaven of delight, by finally granting him a month's holiday. At our journey's end, we find Mr. Arcroft and his better half, with the drag awaiting us, and, after a hearty welcome, I bundle in at the back with the latter, while Vic finds himself in his element, perched at Mr. Arcroft's side behind Pysche and Hebe. "Andhow is Nance?" is my first question. "Well," laughs her sister, " in health, but who can 'minister to a mind diseased?' Nance is a viotim to the green-eyed monster." " Nonsense!" " It s the truth, Dot." " 4 Maybe, but I dinna think so,'" I quote 4 merrily. 4 Who is she ? M 4 That's the best of it—it isn't a she at all." 4 4 Who then? - ' " Mr. Langdon—Wttby Langdon." 4 4 Wh? is he ?" 4 4 Dot, "do you mean to say that, knowing Gilbert the last six months, you don't know who Watty Langdon—" 4 4 Stay!" laughingly interrupting her, 4 1 remember, Mr. Langdon is Gilbert's 'own familier friend,' is he not"?—ma voluminous Queensland correspondent ?" " Yes, but he is back for good, and Gilbert, in his delight, neglected Nance for two whole hourB, and so won Watty a place in her T black bookB.'- ^ " Not he—she's too sensible and unselfish for that. What is Mr. Langdon like ?" *l Tall and dark, rather melahcboly-Ieokin^. He has the fiaest dark eyes I ever saw, and- the sweetest smile—it -quite " altera -his expression, which is usually grave to forbiddingneES." 4 1 1 like the description. When Bhall I Bee him?" - ..v^-, « This day week. We are going-to^liave a kangaroo hunt at Mt. Trewah and he's/ eo:nin|[." . „ f 4 4 Nest Saturday! Won't Vic be Ijgbtea^ '' > "Ndidoubt—we got it up in his honor, and^ he'sjt&jiide; Inez. Do you think he?Mni Whageher?" . ^ 1 • " Oh, I think eo; but, Mrs. Arcroft,-isn't it too soon—" " I understand you, dear," she says, gently 4 as I falter and finally break down, but I think not. There's only Mr. Langdon and Gilbert coming, besideB ourselves, and you and I are to drive over, after the hunting party. Vic musn't go home without seeing a little life in the West. During the following week, Vio is the constant companion of Mr. Arcroft and Nance in their daily rideB, striking up a friendship with the latter, that each day cements more firmly. The exercise agrees with him, aiid improves his appearance wonderfully, trainsforming him into a 44 positively handsome youth," as I condescendingly inform him, my reward for the information being a fillip in the ear, and a brotherly injunction to be "civil to my superiors." The fateful Saturday dawns at length, bright and breezy, and, after an early breakfast, we set off for Mt. Trewan, Nance,i n her blue habit and shady hat, Iookiqg grace and happiness personified, rides off with Gilbert, closely followed byMr.Langdon, his hoBt and Vic, after whom come the boundary riders and all the station dogs, Mrs. Arcrcft and I bringing up the rear with 1 a buggy load of good things in the eatable line. The drive is a delicious one, up hill and down dale, along soft eandy roads, that wind, white and cool, through dusty wattle groves, and across broad brown heaths, then through a great fern-car petfed foreBt of stringy-bark, till finally we emerge at the foot of steep, bald Mt. Trewan. Beside a splendid spring at its foot we picnic for an hour or so, discussing cold chioken and cream cakes, and Christmas festivities, and kangaroo hunts alternately. , Then the hunters ride off, leaving Mrs Arcroft and me to repack the hampers, after which we pile the buggy rug and cushions on the ground, and lazily lounge and talk the time away, with, for variety's sake, a little reading from " Romola." 4 Not to read, and reading not to appreciate 4 Romola,' means a deficiency in one's moral nature," a gentleman visitor had averred a week before, and Nance had straightway obtained a copy, read it, and raved over it since, "proof positive of no lack in her moral nature," she gravely assured us, though I warrant she skipped pages. , It islate in the afternoon when the hunters return, tired, but Well -pleased with their sport, Vic especially elated, having been complimented by the; rest on his fearleBS riding. " What do you think of the country, Vic ?" asks Mrs. Arcoft. 4 4 1 never saw anything like it, it's ' wild Australia' with a vengeance," says Vic. " It reminds me of Gordon's ride after the bushrangers." \- " Spare us, Vic!" I cry, fingers in ears, " we all kntiw what you mean, it's something about—' Hard behind them through the timber, harder still aerosB the heath, Right behind them, through the tea-tree scrub we dashed, And the golden-tinted fernleaves, how they rustled underneath, And the honeysuckle osiers, how they crashed! " Stop him, some one, please." 4 Not need," he answers lugubriously, < ( Heariog Gordon murdered in that fashion has subdued- me." 4 That's a rap for your reciting powers," laughs Nance, who shares his mania for Gordon. 4 A well-merited one," gravely asserts Gilbert, while Mr. Langdon puts in— "Miss Dunbar, have you the courage to condemn Gordon in present company? Don't you know we Western district folks take a particular pride in him, and are all his ardent adinirerB 1" " I know, but, Mr. Langdon, let me quarter you for a month with one of his devotees— Vic, for example—wbo is raving about 4 The Wreck' etc., from dawn to dark, and I'll warrant you'll wish Gordon had died young." • 4 4 Come, Doll, 'in your might remember mercy,'" cries Vic. " Can't you turn the tables on her, Vio?" laughs Gilbert. " Tell us whose poems she pesters you with?" "Don't know his name," says Vic, his eyes sparkling wickedly, " but I remember a verse or two she made our lives miserable with," and assuming a sentimental air he drawls— You may forget the woman, I may forget the man, But the perfume of the lilies Forget it if you can. A shout of laughter rewards his mimicry. "Go on, Vic, give us some more," cries 4 Nance; 4 it is Dot seen under new circumstances to us. What is the name of that Pie 062 " T , , " 'Day lilieB,' I think. I don't know any more of it, but there's another favourite of hers makes me wish I was afflicted with deafness, though its such a happy blending of the earth earthy with the celestial, that I Buppose I should admire it. It runs— You require that your mutton should always be hot, That your socks and your shirts should be whole, I require that your heart should be true as God's stars, And pure as His heaven your soul." " Mutton and heaven, humph!" comments Mr. Langdon whimsically, surveying my scarlet cheeks. " I must eiy I'm with Vic on Gordon's side, Miss Dunbar." "And I! and I!" laughingly chorus the rest. "Come, good people," cries Mrs. Arcroft from the buggy, " if you want to recruit the Inner man before we start for home, hurry up; there's no time to waste." Scrambling up, we make our way to her, and hastily " snatch a mouthful," as Mr. Arcroft calls the meal we make. Then the dishes are packed, the ponies harnessed, and the hunters' horses led round. "Are you ready, Martha?" cries Mr. Arcroft, looking on, with an indifference born of ten years' matrimony, at Gilbert tucking her into the buggy. " 4 In one moment," the latter replies. 44 You can start—Nance and I'll see the ladies off." . «' All right, come on Langdon 1 come, Vic! and off they canter, followed by the pair rear. of us in the buggy, with the lovers in the . Presently they pass us for 44 a race on the heath," as Gilbert informs us, and in a minute are out of sight. Easily we bowl along through the timber chatting idly over the doings of the day, and blissfully ignorant of the fragedy so soon to take place. The sun is low in tha we3t, as waemsrge from the timber on to the heath, and, shining into our eyes dazzles them so that we are glad to regain the shelter, or shade rather of the trees on the far side of the heath. . Merrily^ we pursue our way, winding in and out among the tall 44 sons of the forest," bordering it, till we come suddenly on a little group blocking the road—a group we had .not noticed, sooner, so absorbed had-we been, teerij^g^lew of th^jnaay treesV«n each"^ ig?ae. v % • ^ • ^ •g Fall length ^acrosslBie track lies! Gilbert^: motionless^ his.- head^pillpwed onSNance's,i ; breast, white sh| strives,to stanch ti&Moodt; staining with Spi red sttsam the dear face already set in tl^lpallor of death. " Good GodSlTcried Mrs. Arcroft, throwing me the reins and springing down to them, 4 What is wrong, Nance ?" Nance—is it Nance's face thai confronts us ? that gray, stony, expressionless mask? is it her voice that in hard, monotonous tones explains: " Wildfire bolted and ran into that tree." "Great Heavens I is he much hurt,Nanice ?" " Hurt? No—he doesn't suffer—killed on the spot," she said, in the same strange mechanical way, brushing back with her bloodstained hands,.his thick curls. Dot)i-Dot, ithas turned her brain I What . aM we fctj dp >ails jMrs. Aroroft, wringing her hands in agony, as she turns to me sitting sick with horror behind the ponies. . " We must get help," I return lnandy; : 4 1 Yes, but how ? I daren't leave heir, and - you can't drive." ^ No, but I can ride," pointing to Nance's horse near by—a horse that, under less desperate circumstances, nothing would tempt me to mount. " Will th9 ponies Btand?" " I think so, I don't know—never mind them. Oh, be quick I" With trembling haste she assists me to mount, and hurries me off, tying the ponies loosely to a tree, then flying to Nance, to minister to her, for even I can see Gilbert is past aid. j With palpitating heart I tear en, along the bush track and out again on to the heath, across which I strain my eyes in search of aid—in vain. Yet no ! approaching swiftly is a buggy and pair, with two men in it. The relief is so great that I burst into tears that blind my identity of both, till Mr. Cotton's well-known voice ejaculates: " Miss Dunbar! has anything happened ?"' Slipping to the ground, elinging to the saddle for support I sobbingly explain. ," Gilbert thrown—hurt—killed you think 1 Good God! Bilton, you're just the man that's wanted here," cries the owner of that welcome voice, turning to his companion, a young doctor who is visiting C—. - "Yes," he says, cool and self-possessed, " Is it straight ahead on this road, the accident happened, young lady ?" "Yes," is all I can utter. "Then jump up here—you are two unnerved to ride that brute. Let it go, it'll make its way home and give the alarm." Gladly I obey, and, assisted by Mr. Cotton, take my place between them. Then as we dash forward, he explains their opportune appearance on the scene- 4 We drove down to Sunnyside after lunch, and K learning you were at the Mount, determined to join you there, instead of waiting your return." 4 Did you meet Mr. Arcroft?" 4 1 Yes, he said that we'd find you a little further on with Gilbert—poor fellow 1" Tae name recalls the awful scene, and again I give way, hurrying my face in my hands, and shuddering violently. A few minutes more brings us to our journey's end. Nance's awful composure has given way at last, and she lies pale and death like in her sister's arms. # One glance at Gilbert's stiffening form is enough for the doctor, though he makes a show of seeking for the " vital spark." 4 Killed instantaneously," is his verdict, and he turns his attention to Nanoe, over whom he is bending gravely, when at a breakneck gallop, Mr. Arcroft and Watty Langdon join us. "What is it?" cries the former, in his 4 fussy, kindly way, has—" The words die on his lips, as he espies the still figure with a handkerchief thrown over its face, and with a shuddering groan he turns away, while Mr. Langdon throwing himself oh his knees beBide it, weeps for a moment or two like a woman. "How did it happen?" asks Mr. Aroroft in a hushed tone, but that none of us know. 4 4 You must wait for particulars till this young lady is herself again," says the doctor, adding with grim significance, "and that won't be for some time. Now," he goes on 4 briskly, we must get her home at once. How are we to do it ?" cutting short all enquiries. ^ 4 In the buggy, I suppose," answers Mrs. Arcroft, who, pale and trembling still with horror, is yet the only one self- possessed enough to suggest anything. " In ours, then—it will hold three most comfortably," motioning Mr. Cotton to help him to lift her into it. " Now, Mrs. Arcroft, you get in, too, and I'll drive you— I can do no more for poor Alexander, and this young lady wantB immediate attention." And what of— How can we get Gilbert home ?" she asks, falteringly. "The waggonette will be here soon," answers her husband huskily, "Wildfire tore past us at the black gate, splashed with blood, and gave me a hint to prepare for the worst, EO I sent Vic on to tell them to bring it to meet us. If it wasn't needed, then aU the better, I thought—there'd be no harm done." " Come," cries Dr. Bilton, "every moment is precious." "And Dot?" asks Mrs. Arcroft, "howis she to come ?" 4 4 One of us will drive her," answers Mr. Aroroft; "here, Cotton, will you, as the wife's taken your seat." " With pleasure," and in another minute we are off in the wake of the first buggy, leaving tbe other two to guard the dead. "Howcame Wildfire to bolt, I wonder?' 1 I find voice to say at last. "I can't imagine, took fright»in some way I suppose. He was always a nervous, irritable brute. Gilbert was often warned about him. Poor fellow! what an awful smash!" " He was killed at once, you think ?" *' Must have been—brains dashed out. It was a terrible shock for poor Miss Stair." " Yes, she seemed quite dazed at first." " No wonder. It was enough to turn her brain I They were to be married in less than amonth, too." "Yes," I reply, and reoalling all poor Nance's pretty preparations for the event, her many little plans and happy anticipations connected therewith, I burst into tears again, despite my efforts at self-control, and sob convulsively till we get to Sunnyside. CHAPTER XVIII. It is the day of the funeral. The inquiry is over—adjourned till Nance is able to give her evidence. When that will be, if ever, it is hard to say, for she lies at death's door, the shock having affected her brain. Alone at the window of my room I stand, watching the sombre procession winding slowly past, and great tears dim my eyes as I look my last on the flower-covered casket that uuiuB tnu reuitiiuu ot nim wbo had proved himself a true friend-to mauy, a faithful lover, to ODe, and an npright gentleman to all.. ~ " Happy is the corpse that the rain fails on," I repeat to myself,as, just as the mourning ooach passes, a heavy shower bsgias, rendering almost invisible the sad face of Watty Langdon gazing out, and soon hiding the cortege from my view altogether. VGodxestthee, G:lbertl thine was an early end," I say softly, turning from the window to encounter Mrs. Arcroft, who, worn with grief and watching, had -entered unheard, and caught my words. . 4 1 4 Aye. Dot" she rejoins, but now, as of old,' whom the gods love die young*'" f : CHAPTER XIX.. Eighteen months later, just two years after Freddie's .death, I am sitting one wet, windy Saturday afternoon over the parlor fire at Sunnyside—for I am still teaohiug at Camborough, having succeeded, by dint of arguments and entreaties, in gaining a feeble assent to my doing so from the home folks— reading my share of the contents of the mail bag. Opposite sits Nance, not the gay, smiling, saucy girl of old, but a pale, grave, sad-eyed woman in deep mourning; lovelier and more loveable than ever in my opinion—reminding me strongly of Ag, our 44 Home Sunshine," as:mamma loved to call herf -ln her' sweet, steadfast self-denial. . vsoo ^ That's a big budget, Dot," shp £ayfl,/ ^smilingly; pointing bulky epistle iii'my 1 iapi" ^ • .H; «*» \ r •'- J " Yes, one oi Ag's newspapers," ! laughs tearing it open* She -sends me nfteehi pages sometimes, and not five lines of news in it all. Afraid I may feel lonely perhaps." "Andthat's her thanks—a caustio criticism." Silenee, I am deep in Ag's didactic paragraphs.. No newB in her letters, did I say ? Well, thora is a piece in this that makes up for all past deficiencies. It " brings' me up standing," as Vio would say, in a moment, and not till I read it twice do I take it in. " What is it, dear, not bad news, I hope ?" sty? Nanoe, gently, but I only shake my head,, and, gathering up my letters, rush off to my roots. Them I rc&d; it again and again, and ask myself fifty times over, can it be true ? Thai ri:ns the extract, that bewilders me— " An; nov, dear Dora, I have something t" tell you that I am sure will surprise, but I hope not displease you, though, knowing your views on such matters, I feel very uncertain about it, and shall eagerly await your repl y, trusting it may be favorable. At least, I know ysu will not judge me hastUy, but patiently hear me through, and generously take into consideration the fact (so jealously guarded till now) that I loved him long before his engagement to Freddie. There, the secret is out, and, in indignation, I can see your astonished face. Yes, dear sister, to briefly state what, doubtless, yon already guess, Lex has, asked ipe to marry him, and I have said " Yes." It was only last night he spoke, so I am losing no timejn letting you know;, for Oh, dear Dora, I long for your sympathy, and dread that your old, strong antipathy to a man's marrying his deceased wife's sister may deprive me of it, and. without it I shall be miserable. Let me combat, one by one, your ohief objections—I fancy I know them. First, with your strong affection fbr poor- Freddie and prejudice against such marriages, it may seem to you that I am selfishly eupplanting her in Lax's love. That, dearest, I can never do, she will always hold the firBt, beet place in his heart; besideB, I am sure she loved him too well for her to have wished him to lead (out of devotion toher memory) the wretched homeless—for, in the truest, sweetest sens^ of the word, homeless'he has been the last two years—life he has'been leading. It's unnatural, and, granting that if a man marries again, who can so well supply their dear mother's place to his children, as that mother's sister ? Remember how d«ar we were to each other, Dora; how inseparable always, and you cannot for a moment thiuk that I would deliberately act a treacherous ot unsisterly part towards her, especially Beeing' that in death she.is dearer even to us all than ever. Ah no! my dear sister, I am sure there is no one Bhe would choose before me to . fill her place in the lives, of hen dear ones. Now, to come to your second objection— the nearness of the relationship already existing ; but, Doll, dear, it is only relationship by marriage, and therefore, far less objectionable than the tie.between first and second cousins, and how many of them marry? But, already, I have trespassed on your patience too far, BO must deal with minor objections again. How long have I known of Lex's intentions ? you willa3k. Not till last night. I loved him long ago,as I told you, but, on Freddie's becoming his wife, looked on my love as a sin, and buried it deep in-my heart, flattering myself that I had stified it, but his first words undeceived me. I love him as deeply and truly as ever, and oh! I cannot consider my love a crime or a sin. Would God have gifted me with such a capacity for loving unalterably if it were ? I wasas surprised as you can be, when Lex spoke, and cannot yet imagine why he made me his choice, unless, perhaps, little Bruca's affection for me suggested it; the little fellow is very fond of me, an3 I of him, as you know/ God help me to do him justice ? Mr. and Mrs. S— both seem , pleased with the idea of my becoming their second daughter. Papa commends it, and Vic is delighted, so dear Dora, only your approbation is wanted to fill my cup of happiness to the brim. Let me hear it,.sister, if you conscientiously can. I covet your loving sympathy. Hoping to hear from you soon, with fondest love and best wishes—your anxious sister, AG. P.S. No " outsiders " know of our engagement yet—no one I mean out of our two families, nor .will they till I win you over to my side—supposing you will not enlist on it at once, but that I hope and pray you will. A. Laying my head on the letter at last, after puzzling over it vainly till I am tired, I burst into bitter unreasonable tears. Yet are they so unreasonable? To me such marriages have always seemed so objectionable, that is it any wonder I cannot reconcile myself to Ag's ? Presently the door opens and Nance softly enters. Slipping her arm round me,she whispers: " Sharing a trouble with a true friend lightens it of half it3 load, Dot. Let me help you to bear this, dear." " Raad that then," pointing out the paragraph. " Well what is your opinion ?" I ask as 3he concludes. "That Dora Dunbar is the greatest little gooee I ever came across," she smiles. 44 Why are you grieving over this ?" "Thereis something so repugnant about it-" " And because of yeur foolish prejudice," she interrupts, "three lives must be made miserable—Ag condemned to a miserable old maidenhood—for she'll never marry anyone else—Lex doomed to lead his present lonely, loveless life, and poor little Bruce deprived of the best eubstitute for his mother's love he eouldhave." " But Nance—" " 4 But me no bute,'" she quotes, halflaughingly, half-serious, "I second all Ag says, and shall insist on your sending her the warmest sisterly congratulations by next post. What, still hesitating?" 4 4 i can't neip itl fancy marrying*one's brother-in-law." ^ __: \ / ; _ 'sooner '-do that than mafcry^iffijp* cousin," declares Nance, "B^sideH,she loved ' him before he became that. He ifPthe one, ; ' man in -the' world for her—hef fate^ber',. second self, or missing half, 1 and. you .must:' not come between them. She deserves every -" happiness for her brave self-denial. Think how hard it must have bseu for her to hide hsr pain ; for ehe must have suffered keenly, during the days .previous to his marrying Freddie. Did you never suspect ?"- 4 Never; though, after thisy left us, I found Jrer crying bitterly, but I thought it was over losing Fieddie. They were so dear to each 1 nother always." -~ViAli the more in favor of her marrying-. Lex. Freddie would sooner that than a stranger, and by-acd-by, Dot, it would most likely come to that, for the majority of v widowed ones re marry sooner or later," she ; asserts, sagely. Some, as a sort of compliv / meet to No. 1, a tribute to the memory of ~ their past happy matrimonial esBay ; others " to make up fcr not looking before leaping, hoping to do batter the second time." " I shouldn't like Lex to marry a stranger for Bruce's sake," I admit, reluctantly. "No, of course not, Now set to, and write to Ag," settling my writing table before tha fire, " aad give her my fondest love, and very - best wishes," vanishing. "Mind, Dat,"rei appearing for a moment, 44 a niflejleng, loving, riC.At3id I nwddy^keyf as' fjUr^agpossible, h6t "Any adttraaibn?" «H&* Bfemc^'an hour -or more later,.peeping;invis; V 44 Yes. .Tell me, syiU ithis do ?" -handing her my letter. - . • , " First-rate, your bark's worse than your * bite, Dot ? Now pat on your best bib and tucker. Gaaeswby?" » 4 No good at conundrums," evasively. " Nor suTthing else;" with a gleam of her old gaiety." " WelJ, 4 Job's' here." " Who's 4 Job' ?'? • - r - " Mr, Cotton. Is it a good name for him ?, his patience is pathetic. Perhaps 4 Jacob' ;' would be better ? Wasn't it ' Jacob*servedV seven years for-" Rachel7, my memory ia; defective." • _..' v 4 \yhere does the connectionceme in?" *. "Bah! you deserve—but I'm wasting - breath. Are you going to beautify ?" " For Mr. Cotton's benefit—ao," indiffer T ently, conscious that the dark blue dress.I'am r wearing becomes me admirably. To be continued. 