AOTA POPXTLI, ? ♦ ? By The Flaneur. There are two occasions in the lifetime of every prudent man when he carefully abstains from talking of politics in any shape whatever. One occasion is when he is down on his hands and knees pawing wildly round for his only collar stud, which has rolled under the bed ; and the other is when there is absolutely nothing in a political way worth talking; about at all. The latter is the undesirable fix in which every Sydney journalist finds himself to-day. The butt end of the North Pole coudn't be a duller spot than our Parliament is at present. When hon. members are not airing some paltry grievance of their own, they are taking up the time of the House by catechising the Government on every conceivable subject in the heavens above, or the earth beneath, or the hydrothermal waters that are under the earth, or else they set up some straw ' bogy' of their own, after the style of the Daily Telegraph, and then proceed to knock the stuffing out of it after the most approved fashion of the prize ring gladiators. Mr. Melville, for example, will bob serenely up to ask if we are breathing the pure air of freedom, or being strangled by the fetid breath of a hellish despotism, or, coming down to a matter of fact, is it true that a hearse- driver was fined 40s for trotting round a corner, although it was proved for the defence that his fare was in a delicate state : of health, and it was positively necessary for him to be buried while the day was warm ? Mr. Tiger slayer Inglis then strikes the floor with a mild request to be informed if the Government intends to acclimatize the royal Bengal tiger as a means of effectually wiping out the rabbit nuisance ; and then the only Frawncis wants to know you know if it is true that the Public school ; teacher at Coreenyrangacumboobilah wears a Eoman nose, and, if so, what steps the Minister for Education intends to take to have such a flagrant piece of Popish sectarianism removed from his depart ment ? All this scandalous- waste of time sorely troubles the souls of the real workers, such as Jawbone Nield, Teetotal Thompson and Co., and Brother Henson sadly sighs as he notes how the business of the country is bungled, and whispers the gentle Kidd ' O curas hominum ! O quantwni est in rebus inane — Oh! the cares of- men! Oh! how much vanity there is in human affairs ! 'To. which the sympathetic Kidd replies, ' Jes' so. ' I allers thought you was bad enough, but there ' is no one so big a fool but what a bigger may be found. Therefore, there is hope for us all— ? Hallerlooyah !' The Ancient Greeks had a proverb to the effect that a man who enjoyed solitude must be either a god ora devil. Admitting this to be true, the question is, what is Mr. Jawbone Neild, the man who could find no company as pfood as his own in, a railway journey to the far North. Mr. Ncild denies that he sought the seclusion alluded to, and declares that, as a matter of fact, no one was inconvenienced by his monopoly of the car, for several gentlemen actually stepped into the apart ment at different stages of the journey, but re membering how Samson served the Philistines, they no sooner caught sight of the 'Waverley wonder than they hopped out as quickly as if they had just butted up against Fisher's ghost, or a man to whom they owed a pot of money. Grant ing that Mr. Neild's statement is true, it is little wonder that our railway receipts for the past year show a decrease of .£68,763, and it behoves the authorities to either build special lines for Mr. Neild, or else prevent him from travelling by rail until we have at least reduced our million and a half deficiency. John Cassius should be content with blasting the country by his ' deadhead' patronage without scaring intending travellersoff the cars as well. ? - . . ?? ?. - -' \ Mr. Twaddler Thompson's latest' grievance- is t. that an alien King- street journal recently spoke of the Government supporters ' a3 , a 'wretched majority of suborned nonentities/' and not having brains enough to know that abuse from such a source is thG sincerest flattery that can be ob tained, he stood up in the House, and prepared to wipe the slanderous sheet off the face of the earth entirely. His carefully-brewed philippic, however, turned out to be of the picnic ginger beer quality, for having shot out his cork with' a mighty pop, he at once fizzled away until he be came as flat as a tub of soapsuds.' All he proved was that so far as one' hbh. member was concerned there could' be no doubt as to \hc justness of the ' wretched nonentity ' aliu'sion ' whatever. : Mr. Henson (who is not an Irishman) remarked, when his brother teetotaller flopped down, it really was a fact that the Government ' had a silent majority to support it, who loudly appldiided everything their leaders said or did.' The rest of the House ' spoke never a word nor wept,' but allowed the 'nonentity' to monopolise all the1 righteous in dignation himself, being probably aware of the wise man's advice — ' When a fool scolds do ye the listening only, and he'll pump himself as dryfas a limeburner's wig, or a Greek play at the Uni versity.' ' ! Quite a nice little rumpus, has been, made of late over the fact of Civil servants taking part in newspaper controversies, and I believe ,that in one Government department at least any further in dulgence in this dangerous pastime is to be re warded by dismissal. It is argued that there is no telling where such discussion's will stop, that winy ciiiv »[jd uu uHiust; tsuuits jjbisoiilii commenij, ana, may possibly bring the officials into a 'contest which will occasion a loss of dignity, and be pro ductive of a deal of ill-feeling. Buyond doubt there is much truth in all this ; butt hero is a still greater evil in our midst to-day which 'should 'bo met with punishment quite 'as prompt and weighty. In many parts of the colony we find certain Civil servants who arc continually taking most prominent parts in sectarian matters which are calculated to' cause a thousand times more bad feeling than any newspaper correspondence ever could, and which have been known to even give rise to bloodshed and acts, of the , 'greatest violence. A Civil servant has of course a perfect right 'to join an Orange Lodge or any other society he chooses; but when he persist ently cornea to the fore, and does .'all' 'in his power to deliberately wound the feelings '.of and grossly insult a body of his fellow-citizens -to whom he is in a great measure indebted for his livelihood, it is just, about time that he was dumped out of the Service altogether, and com pelled to earn his bread in a sphere which would teach him to show a little more toleration to those , on whom he was very largely dependent. . Of late; the bigoted dupes who were so properly 'fleeced by the arch-blasphemer Chiniqny have had [ their greedy ears tickled by the salacious stories of one whom for charity's sake we will not even name, and it is a pitiful fact that in spine places this person was publicly welcomed by certain Civil servants, who perched themselves on her plat forms, screamedi with fiendish delight at , her ribald tales, and did all in their power to raise the ire and wound the most sacred feelings of the Catholic portion of their , .communities. The story of this woman, per se, is of course beneath contempt, and no person with sense has anything but pity for the narrator ; but the mischief which is done by the injudicious conduct of those public servants who go out of their way, and neglect their duties, to encourage such offensive proceed ings is simply incalculable. These men do not confine their bigotry to the platform alone, but they carry it into their offices as well, and many ' an unfortunate Catholie subordi nate' is often stung to madness by the' base in sinuations and' cowardly ' sneers passed ' by his superiors' on subjects which are as dear as life to every honest follower of the'TCaliholic faith. There is but one remedy for thisi but' luckily it is a very simple one. Caution the known' offenders first, and on a repetition o f the offence dismiss them. ,.!?'.. ,' Thero is, a certain j oint at which our trust in ouufellowmen gives way.' Such was the sad com ment of a poor but .disreputable party who related how, -whilst considerately lowering , his, port manteau out of his hotel window at 4 a.m., so a3 not to disturb the sweet repose of the inmates, was disgusted on heaving the mocking voice of the landlord beio w call out : ' That's all right sonny. I've got your luggage safe, and now you can step down yourself, and either- enjoy a little rotation with me in the back yard, or call round to the. station and Bee if .constable Naught nauglity-ono has any coffee for your breakfast.' From the Eivcrina district comes an equally doleful tale, which tells of a station manager and three ? or four ? of his best rough riders who wore risldng their necks endeavouring to stick on to a very fine mare that had been stolen about 12 months , before from the stables, and recovered that week by the police. Scarcely had one of the men cocked his leg over the pig skin before the .mare would arch her back, with a jerk that sent her aspiring rider [to hunt grassin the next paddock, after which she would paw ?. round, and throw, back her head defiantly as if she would, say, 'One down, gentlemen, who'll make another?' The audience was solely composed of an ordinary-looking old sundowner, ?who rolled over on the grass, and fairly kicked himself with laughter every time he saw a rider' B'v^eu, auu anuit! uu never aujvyvu. iiilusbil su much in all his born life before. This nettled the boss to such an extent that he made a remark to the effect that perhaps the deadbeat had an idea he could ride the mare himself. The dead beat had the idea, and further declared that if he was allowed five bob and a good square meal he'd ride the bucker round till she was as quiet as a dead cow. The meal having been surrounded, the mare was brought up, and all hands con gregated to see the fun. Taking his charge some distance away, the sundowner spoke a few words in her ear, breathed once or twice in her nostrils, vaulted into the saddle, and that's the last that has been seen in that dis trict of the worthy pair. Shortly after they disappeared, however, the police-sergeant who had left the mare to be identified came along and meeting the manager, said, ' I've come to tell yer t' keep a sharp lookout after that bay mare of yours. That thundering rogue you were to have come to- day to prosecute took leg bail from the lockup last night, an' wa3 seen rnakin' tracks over in this direction.' Notes were then taken, and it was found that the party who had taken French leave of the lockup was the self same artful sundowner who had galloped away on the back of the champion bucker of Eiverina. ' Heydon' s guinea' is likely to become as cele brated a piece of money as the historical four pence for whioh Dawvid. Buchanan's forefathers are said to have sold their king. From the evi dence before the court it appears that Mr. M'Cal lum, secretary to the Tass P. and A. Association, wrote to Mr. Heydon requesting the honour of Mb kind recognition of the movement, and the dona tion 06 his good piece of gold as well, to which Mr. Heydon wrote back asking Mr. M'Callury. if he thought that he (Mr. Heydon) was the Barjk. of England or Baron Eothschild, or words to. that effect, and he furthermore stamped on the was a fair thing to tax members. Toy forcing them to volunteer to subscribe towards the local shivoos of their constituencies.. Mr. Heydon did not believe in the principle; of the thing, but he would part with the %ah\eai this time, because peace is cheap at any '^Q^as the hilarious citizen rolling home in the^ ^pjjning observed when he bought his wifiQ,^ ha'penny pipe. T,his letter act§-3. on so^^Q^the members of the Association 'much tt^ sanite as a red-hot poker would act on a hogshead of powder, and it was proposed to ^enct.tW guinea back, and with it a scatMng le,tjjer calculated to shrivel up the soul of Heydon like an, old goloshe on a hot stove. After- a time, lipwever, the members took a mora lenient view of the case, and at last their goo3 nature got so much the better of their indignation that they decided to allow Mr. Secretary M'Callum to either keep or return the guinea just as he derned pleases. The life of a member is evidently not all beer and skittles, and it mil' be really necessary to vote that .£300 a yeari. even if it is- only to enable our representatives- to prevent themselves from being run* ' stone- broke' subscribing to the thousand and one dienaands of their greedy con stituencies. How time flies, to be sure ! This day (Friday-, August 20), 29 years ago, a terrible wail of heart rending woe was heard throughout the land, for the good ship ' Dunbar' had struck on the treacherous rocks at the 'Gap' and all hands save one — Johnson of the Newcastle Life-boat service — sank at the edge of the land they so longed to reach, never to rise till the last trumpet sounds and the earth and sea give up their dead. Peace be to their manes. «« . ? a bravo vossol 'Who had somo noble creatures in her DaBh'd all to pieces. Oh ! the ory did knook Against ray very heart ! Poor sonls ! they poriah'd.' — Thmpebt. Praise be to Mars, the refulgent god of war ! It matters little to us now why the nations rage, or how the Eussian, French, and German em broilment eventuates, for our end of the earth is secure from all attacks. At a recent meeting of the debating class connected with the Sydney T. M. C. A. it was decided that it was just about time the church militant made a move, and, therefore, a compulsory military training should be at once enforced by the Stato on every man capable of bearing arms. Truly, wonders will never cease. The popular belief has always been that an average bantam cock could knock the seasoning out of the whole caboodle of the Y. M. C. A. in half an hour, providing the members only tackled him one at a time; but it now appears that under the guise of innocent baaing Iamb3 these meek-nosed, milk-and-mush young men conceal all the fiery impetuosity JJof a Hotspur, and the warlike ambition of a Hector. Johnny Crapaud had better lot go his hold of the New Hebrides, and as for the Bussian Bear, the day is oloso at hand when the doughty braves of the Y. M. C. A. will eat him raw, and plaster their sleek locks at the back of their elephantine oars with pomatum, made ; from Bruin's own choicest kidney fat. The sword of Gideon is nqwih tlie hand . of the Re v; Mr. Aminidab Sleek, and if the first foehe meets happensto be a very little foe, and a very sick foe, 'he'll give him 'a good hard knock', (as brother Spalding says) that will cause him to think he has been kicked by the off hind leg of a Maori earthquake. Pastor Allen, with his trusty gingham girded to his side, will lead the warriors bold to glory or the grave, and rumour says John Davies is going back to the bellows and anvil once more in order to do the Vulcan' business, arid forge a suit of nail-keg armour, after Ned Kelly's pattern, for each of our new crusaders. The first campaign of the Y. M.' C. A. will be against the Bathurst burrs, after which they will be led. by Field Marshal Abbott against the Eiverina rabbits, and if the corps is not demoralized by bun banquets and attacks on land sale luncheons on the way. the Attila-Hke march of the business will be checked for ever. Vivo la guerro ! Wave the blazing tracts on h:igh ! Brother Hogwash to the rescue [I . ; 