ECHOES OF. MELBOURNE (BY TIe .GHOST.) .Utterly discarding the advice given by the orator of old to "strike but listen," a large number of the working men of Mel bourne have "struck," without listening to the dictates of either common sense or expediency. The latest development of the coercion policy adopted of late by the "downtrodden labourer" (earning ten shillings a day and upwards) towards the "bloated capitalist" is the "calling out" by the Seamen's Union of all the crews shipped in Melbourne, now on board the intercolonial steamers. It is not unlikely therefore that communication between the colonies will ere long become a matter of serio's difficulty, and the more so as the Shipowners' Association threaten by way of reprisals to lay up their vessels until the strike is ended by the surrender of the men. Perhaps no time was over more ill chosen than the pre sent for a struggle between capital and labour. It is no secret that severe com petition has so brought down freights and passenger rates that the owners of steam ships are barely realising adequate interest on the money embarked in their business, and that rather than continue running their ships at a loss, which they would have to do were their expenses increased, they will lay them up for an indefinite period. Indeed, had the wharf labourers, with whom the present trouble originated, watched the course of events they would have seen that one large firm, that of Messrs. Huddart, Parker, and Co., have had two of their largest boats idle at the Geelong railway wharf rather than con tinue them in the Newcastle coal trade, which at present yields no profit. It is, moreover, much against the "strikers" that just now the plasterers, the millers, and the cooks and stewards, should all be, at the same time, thrown out of work, and that the other colonies should, by every steamer that reaches our shores, add to the number of men who, in default of being permitted to go to work, must of necessity be provided for out of the funds of the various trade societies. It is reckoned that by the end of the present week there will be fully two thousand men, many of them with families, to be fed and housed, and for what period the funds available for this purpose will last is a serious question to be faced. If the lead ing spirits of the Trades Hall have in their composition any of the wisdom of the ser pent, they will intervene in the present quarrel and end it as soon as possible. Mr, Service has been unburdening him self before his Castlemaine constituents, and in spite of a return of his old com plaint-a relaxation of the vocal chords delivered aspeech of some tweo hours' dura tion. Of the Premier's oration it may be said thatlike the crater of Mount Vesu vius, when Lord Dundreary looked down it, "there was nothing in it." It may be described as a laudation of what has been achieved during his regime, an apology for what the Government have left undone, an attempted justification of the Kerferd juidgeship "job," and the introduction of Mr. Duncan Gillies as 'his successor "as leader of a Ministry'which' must of neces sity be only an interim one." Beyond thus inviting a scramble for the spoils of office, Mr. Service did not effect very much. In regard to the future he was discreetly silent. He is quite con tent to rest on his past laurels without venturing into the realms of prophecy to seek fresh ones. For so experienced and astute a politician as Mr. Service must know that in 'the absence of "burning" questions' the approaching elections will result in the return of a number of candi dates on purely personal grounds, and that a great change in the personnel of the Assembly is therefore certain. Judgment and deliberation are likely in the constitu encies to play the part in the general election of February, 1880, hitherto filled by passion and prejudice; and this much to the iinprovement of the Assembly and the benefit of the colony. Mr. Berry also, as one of the leaders of the coalition-or as Mr. Service prefers to term it the "amalgamation"-has also been bidding a temporary farewell to all his greatness. His reception by his constituents was not, however, of the enthusiastic kind accorded to his chief. Only some half dozen supporters could be collected to meet the member for Geelong on his arrival at the Geelong railway station, and instead of a theatre full of listeners, he was per force compelled to address his remarks to under a score of supporters in the back parlour of a hotel I How are the mighty fallen I Time was, and not very long since, when the Chief Secretary in Mr. Service's Government " wielded at will a fierce democracy." Now by even his most ardent former supporters he is looked upon some what in tho light of a gentleman who lhas been "found qut, providjig snug billets for all his relatives, and flnislling of by appointing hiumself to the most lucrative appointment in the gift of the Ministry. Whether the admirers of Mr. Berry will be able to muster in sufficient force to render the banquet it is intended to tender him anything but afiasco remains to be seen. 'he dull monotony of everyday life during the silly season has been varied by an abortive attempt to stick up one of the branches of the Commercial Bank in Collingwood. The would-be robbers were five youths of the larrikin type, who pre sented a pistol and demanded the bank's funds from the manager. Unfortunately for the would-be robbers the manager was also armed, and in the scuffle with his assailants accidentally shot the landlady of the premises in which the banking busi ness was carried on. In the confusion en suing upon this melancholy accident all the attacking party excepting one escaped, and although some dozen persons have since been arrested on suspicion, the manager of the bankl, Mr. Hill, has failed to identify any of his assailants. To the shamle. of the police be it said, although three days have elapsed since the occurrence,the perpetrators of the outrage are not yet in custody. If crimes of the audacious nature of the one attempted can thus be perpetrated in broad daylight in the middle of a crowded thoroughfare with the impunity that has up to the present marked the Collingwood outrage, the sooner a radical reform takes place in the personnel of the police force, from the highest to the lowest grades, the better it will be for the security of life and property in Victoria. That "conscience makes cowards of us all" has received another illustration during the week. A man was seen in the Eastern Market to take a pistol from his pocket and shoot himself through the head on Wednesday. On his body being searched at the Hospital a document was discovered in which the suicide avowed himself the author of a petty highway robbery committed during the previous week in one of the suburbs, and avowed himself unable to face the con stant dread of discovery under which lie laboured. Judging from-the success at tendant on the efforts of the detectives to discover the Collingwood bank robbers, the poor man need not have laboured under any very severe apprehension of arrest. How intense the silly season now upon us is can be gathered from the fact that the columns of the leading metropolitan morn ing journals are now largely devoted to a correspondence on human depravity. The theory of evolution is being really dis cussed under the above heading, and a deal of ink spilled to prove that the human race is after all only the monkey type slightly improved, and the gorilla man's first cousin. It is devoutly to be hoped, for the credit of New Zealand, that the rumourin regard to the class of men brought thence by the 0.s. Weaihora may turn out to be "a weak invention of the enemy." It is said that tie bulk of the men sent over here as "wharf labourers" are convicted criminals and the outacourings of the gaols of the sister island. Up to the present time, however, the men, whatever their antecedents, have behaved well, loyally obeying the commands of those in whoseo employ they professedly camue over, and carefully eschewing the Trades and Labour Unions and all their works. Indeed, so valuable has tlhe accession of labour proved that an employer, who had been told the supposed character of the men, was heard to express his wonder at the fact that if the New Zealand criminals were all so well behaved there was any crime cl all in Maoriland. The latest development of the " struggle between capital and labour," as the Trades' Hall authorities are fond of designating the attempted coercion of the slhipo'"ners, is the withdrawal of all the crews of tihe intercolonial steamers, cooks and stewards included, from the recalcitrant owners. As the Union Company of New Zealand, the Tasmanian Steam Navigation Com pany, HIoward Smith and Co., and the Australian Steam Navigation Company are at present under the law, the mail arrange ments between the colonies are likely to be seriously interfered with, unless the ex ample of the Pateens on her last trip to Launceston is followed, and the vessels taken to sea by the officers and a volunteer crew. Truly Victoria is fast becoming " a fine country for this working man." [Our telegrams have since notified the conclusion of the strike, the men having gained their object.-ED. L.F.] January 16. 