A SUNDAY WITH THE MORMONS. The Rev. J. J. Haley, who was for six years evangelist at the Lygon-street Christian Chapel, Melbourne, writes under the above heading to the Australian Christian Standard as follows During the return journey on my recent visit to Kentucky I had an opportunity to spend a Sunday in the Mormon capital, of which, as a matter of course, I gladly availed myself. I had the good fortune to fall in with a respectable party of emigrants from Minnesota, who were able on account of their number to make special arrangements with the railroad authorities to run them down from Ogden to Salt Lake City and back. The distance to Zion from the main line at Ogden is Si miles, and the country lying between is the fertile Utah basin, the great Salt Lake valley, bounded by the lake on one side and the Wasache mountains on the other. Salt Lake City, like ancient Zion, in this one particular at all events, is beautiful for situation. It lies on the start of this extensive plain, hard against the eastern base of the Wasache range of mountains, whL*h sweep round in a vast circle and appear to enclose the whole valley, lake and all. We arrived in the city on Saturday, and having only one day to stop we launched forth early on Sunday morning in a band waggon drawn by four horses, under the direction of a guide, intent on seeing what was to be seen. We visited the Endowment House, the Lion House, the Assembly Hall, the Tabernacle, the unfinished Temple, the Co- operative Store, " Amelia's Palace," Brigham's tomb, the palatial residence of the leaders of the church, the hot sulphur springs, gardens, orchards, and many other places of less importance. The unanimous verdict of the party was that Mormon Jerusalem was one of the prettiest cities in the United States. A gentleman on the way out gave us some very interesting reminiscences of Brighatrt Young's early days in New England. He said that Brigham when quite a young znan worked for his father on the farm at one dollar and \- fifty cents per day, and to all outward appearanees was au oidinary clodhopper excelling the other hands is only one thing. He cuuld make a better axe handle than any man on the place. Give Brigham a piece of hickory timber and a good sharp knife and he would whittle out an axe handle fit for a kiug. Our party came to the conclusion that ihere was one or two other thiugs in which Brigham had learned to excel after he ceased to make axe handles. He knew how to build a city after the most approved modern plan, and to govern it after it was built. Salt Lake City is admirably planned and splendidly appointed. Its streets are exceedingly broad and straight—broader and stiaighter than the streets of Melbourne—and running more uniformly at right angles. On both sides of the streets are long rows of lovely shade trees, giving the embowered city a cool, refreshing, and comfortable aspect. Instead of fiUhy sewers and gutters for surface drainage there is a network of beautiful streams and fountains of clear mountain water ever where to be seen. They are used for ordinary purposes and for irrigation in dry weather, and hence the abundant foliage of the city is alwajs fresh and green. The public buildings, especially the structures eccelesiastic, are massive and substantial, and the business houses are quite as creditable in appearance as in any other city of its size in the United States. In the background of this wilderness in a city—this garden in a desert—gleams the long line of blue mountains nuderneath its eternal crown of snow. In the other direction the river Jordan winds through the plains, and the great Salt Lake is distinctly visible 20 miles away." During the time of our short sojourn the city there was groat excitement among the saints on account of the Federal prosecutions of their much married brethren. Uncle Sam had at length made up his mind to make Jordan a hard road to travel for these canting hypocrites, who deem it their special privilege to have as many wives "sealed" to them as their pious amativeness may chance to dictate. John Taylor, the president of the church, and several of the apostles, have decamped, and find themselves conveniently out of the way, waiting in hope that Uncle Sam will relent and relax his grip on the hypocritical throats of these saintly bigamists, who &Te; BO much in love with their plural wives that it would break their dear hearts to have to give any of them up. The effective work of the Federal court was several times indicated by the remarks of our guide as we passed about through the city. He would say, pointing to a house, " The man who owns that is boarding at the expense of the Government for the offence of having more wives than the law allows." He would direct our attention to another and remark " The man who lives there, when he is at home, was fined 400dols. and sent to prison for 12 months for being too much married." He would point out a third with the observation :—" The man who resides in that house has taken the underground railway, and his poor wives are inconsolable!" There was a special outburst of popular feeling just at the time of out arrival caused by the actios of a Bishop Sharp in giving away the chnrch by pleading guilty to the charge of " unlawful co-habitationj" and, promising not to do so any more, he thus escaped with a fine of 300dols. end a caution." The orthodox saints were furious, the church organ was delirious, the Gentile papers and Gentiles generally were jubilant. The Mormon editor raved and swore, declared that the bishop was a traitor, and had proved recreant to the most sacred and solemn vows, and was no longer worthy of being recognised as a bishop in the holy church of the latter day saints of Jesus Christ—all forsooth because the bishop swore the truth! He had no more wives than one and he said so, and for this infamous crime of truth telling nnder oath he was a covenant breaker, a trifler with holy vows and sacred institutions, and no loDger worthy of recognition in his high office by these Simon Pures of polygamuus fame. In the estimation of the saints these licentious doctrines of Mormonism are of more value than veracity, and hence the latter must be sacrificed to maintain the former. May Uncle Sam hold on till he effectually strangles this unclean monster, and wipes off from the national escutcheon this foul blot on the civilisation of the 19th century. The most interesting feature of our visit and the one to which we looked forward with pleasing anticipations of gratified curiosity was attendance on the great service in the tabernacle at two o'clock in the afternoon. This is the service of the day, and is attended by Mormons from all parts of the city and surrounding country. Your readers are perhaps aware that this tabernacle has the largest ecclesiastical auditorium in the United StateB, and one of the largest in the world. It seats 18,000 people, allowing 18 inches to the person. It is estimated that there were 15,000 present in it on the occasion of Brigham Young's funeral. The Toof is oval in shape, like the back of a tortoise, and it is said to be the largest self-supporting roof in existence. It does not rest on walls like an ordinary roof, but is supported by piers like a bridge. All the space between these huge oblong pillars is occupied by immense sliding doors, so that people can come in and go out in all directions. This building can be cleared of an audience of 10,000 people in one minute. It is lighted by 500 lampB, and has 18,000 panes of glass. Its acoustic properties are absolutely perfect. A whisper, if the words are distinctly articulated, can be heard from one end of the building to the other. It seems strange to be sitting so far from a speaker that his eyes look like two little dark holes, and his mouth like a horizontal crack or black streak without movement or expression, and yet every word can be distinctly heard, even when he drops his voice to a whisper. The large pipe organ, which has 3000 pipes and 52 stops, was designed and constructed by a Mormon, and iB undoubtedly an instrument of great sweetness and power. The tabernacle itself was the conception of Brigham, which is another proof that he had learned other accomplishments besides making axe handles, building cities, and manying wives. Here are eome of my notes taken on the service while it was going on: " 1. Organ voluntary, good. " 2. Anthem bj the choir, very fine. Choir consists of about 200 lingers ; male and female singers sit apart—dont mix up like Gentiles. They occupy an immense raised platform below the org n. Little lower elders, priests, and counsellors of Israel sat round in great profusion ; judging from heads and faces, no brains. Near centre of this platform aie four or five long pulpits rising one above the other. Highest one for the president of the chnrch, empty, underground railway. John Taylor non est. Seven apostles grace the second tier of seats behind long plush stands raised in the middle—.where are the other five? In prison, perhaps, for marrying too much I "3. Prayer. Long lean Mormon with ironprey beard and bullet head comes forward and begins to pray. Yery few, not even the bishops and elders sitting around* seem to be engaged in worship—the congregation looked at the suppliant as though he was addressing the people, or gazing round at each other as {hough nothing were going on. [Query: Is this peculiar to Mormons ?] A few near the front assume a devotional attitude, but very few. Prayer extemporaneous, bnt rattled off as though read by an indifferent reader who did not care & fig whether anybody else cared. "4. Hymn announced by an apostle and song by the choir alone—DO congregational singing— choir monopolises this part of the service, The eight men behind the long communion table breaking the bread into email pieces while this hymn is being rendered, The middle man be* hind the table begins without a single preparatory remark or any sign of what is coming, to give thanks for the bread. This ceremony, perfunctory and singularly unimpressive, a parody of the Lord's sapper. The eight men begin to distribute emblems. 5\. Preaching, As the bishops start out with the bread, a clean shaved young elder, priestly in aspect, and glib of tongue, stands up from midst of the apostles and begins to preach ; said be bad a testimony to bear; said it was an impossibility for aoy man of himself to edify the latter-day saints without the aid of the Holy Ghost; said the inhabitant of the earth had the idea that the gOBpel had not been taken from the earth since given by Christ and His apostles, but he would show that it had been, every vestige of it, till restored by Joseph the Lord's prophet and firigbam his servant. Propounds the idea of a continuously progressive revelation through the ages, said people willing td believe that God bad spoken in the past, aud would speak again in the future, but wou't believe God's word when He speaks in present. Illustrates by the attitude of the Jews toward Christ and the apostles. Tbey believed that God had spoken to their fathers by the prophets, and that he would speak to them in the future through the Messiah, but they would not believe that God was speaking them then tbroogh Christ and the Apostles ; with the world now in respect to the rerelams of these latter times through Joseph and Brigbam. The cider here plunges iuto the pro* phecies. The "restitution of all things"spoken of by Peter refers to the Mormon church, Baby- Ion the great, and the Scarlet Lady of Revela- tion symbolizes modern Christendom. The angel that flew through the heavens having the everlasting gospel to preach to men that dwell on the face of the earth, was the angel that appeared to Joseph Smith in Missouri, and showed him the metal plates from which the Mormon Bible was translated. The little stone cut oat without bands Ibat smote the image oa tbe feet and scattered its elements as the chaff of the summer's thrashing floor, is the church of the latter-day saints of Jesus Christ, which shall break in pieces all other kingdoms, and it shall 6tand forever. [At this poiot I interjected au observation : Poor elder ! you say that Mormonism shall smite the nations of the earth on the feet and scatter them, but one of the nations of the earth has smitten Mormonism on the head and scattered him I Look behind thee and see the significant vacancy of the presidential chair to the church 1 Where is John Taylor and several of the leading apostles ? underground railway, eh!] In the midst of his exposition of Daniel's prophecy, the officiating bishopB, having passed the bread to the people, returned to the table; preacher passed and ducked his bead for a moment, and one of the bishops proceeded to give thanks for the water. The latter-day saints ' their tabernacle service substitute water for ne. The later is too expensive to enable them to afford it for tea or twelve thousand communicants every Sunday—so our Ferguson has just informed me. When tbe preacher had finished up Daniel and bis prophecy of the little stone he said that Isaiah had predicted a gathering together of the people in one place in the latter days before the coming of Christ This gathering did not take place in the days of Christ—that was a time of scattering. No other fulfilment but the coming of God's people in Salt Lake City in these days, thus gathering a striking proof of the divinity of Uormonism. Joseph Smith as a man had no power to cause people from all parts of the earth to leave their homes and come forth to the p\ace appointed/' But enough of this stuff. Tbe speaker went on and my notes go ont bat tbe robbish if possible gets more rubbishy, and I have no desire to inflict your readers with any more of it. If men grow on what they feed on, and tbe latter-day saints feed on this kind of stuff, what kind of growth must latter-day eaintism be ? At the end of my notes I find this one in concision: " Long dreary harangue ended, choir sings, an apostle prays, benediction pronounced, audience dispersing—Amen." 