T'OVE'S CHASTENING. By Gecege O. BaEnbb, Evangelist, 1 \ But I hear one quoting. Whom the Lord loveth He chaeteneth, and scourgeth every son whom He reoeivetb.' Tea, indeed ! That is Bcripture. But what does it mean ? I will answer as best I can. Did the Lord 4 Lore ' and ' ehaeten ' Paul ? Surely, if He loves and obastens anyone. He acted thus with His best servant in the New Testament. Did He 4 receive' and 4 eoourge ' Job. Surely, if any are thus received and aoourged, God's best man in the Old Testament furnisheB an example. And how was Paul 4 chastened of the Lord ?' Let Boripture answer : There was given to me a thorn in the flesh, the mee?enger of Satan to buffet me.' And how was Job 4ecouraged ' by bis Heavenly father? Let Scripture answer: 4 So went Satan forth from <be presence of the Lord, and emote Job with sore boils from the sole of hia foot unto his orown.' Yes, Satan did it; as he had previously raised a tornado (being the ' prinoe of the power of the air') to blow down the houses of Job's eons, thus killing all the good man's children ; and as before he had incited the savage hordes to swoop down upon Job's flocks aid herds, thus beggaring the good man in an bour ; as he had also rained down fire from Heaven, to 'oonsume the cheep' and the 'servants' who kept them. Yes, Satan did all this. Deny it who can, with an open Bible. If. then, Paul and Job were thus 4 chastened' and 4 soourged,' so are we all. God has no new invention to meet our cases. The Old and New Testament, like 4 upper and nether millstones,' grind to powder all cavillers, who ascribe obastening, in its execution at least, to anyone but the devil. For one, I stiok to the Bible, abandon it who will. And so I am sure that all suffering, in 4 chastise- ment' and 4 soourging,' comes through the devil. It is just like him. And my loving Heavenly Father, after doing all He can to keep me off the devil's ground, and out of the devil's hand, weeps pitiful tears of sympathy when mine How under the devil's cruel lash. 4 But my Heavenly Father holds the rod,'- do you say ? Yes ; go say I. 4 HoldB' it, as the Lord held Satan from Job, and now holds him off us. 'Holds' it, to keep it from inflicting a single stroke more than it has a right to inflict-. The devil may 4 have his due' when we are on his ground — as Job and Paul were — but no more. 4 Upon him self put not forth thine hand,' is the menaoing message to Satan, lest he should dare to go beyond his rightful limit. And, again, when Job, by failing to 4 justify God,' had invited a still severer 4 scourgicg ' from Satan, the Lord once more, while helpless to prevent Satan from putting forth his hand on J ob's person, set limits to this rod of his anger ' by the command, 4 save his life. ' So, our 4 fathers according to the flesh,' when wisely touching a 'rod' (alas, that so few know how to do it aright !) do itbeoause they cannot bear to let another hold it, lest .the instrument of torture should strike an undeserved blow by any chanoe. Nothing but paternal love will jealonsly count the strokes that yet it cannot prevent, because trespass has come in. This is true chastise ment ' ani 4 scourging,' as hearts that are in the right place well know, among us who are parents. If it were possible, gladly would we reoeive the rod's infliction, and let the offender go. But failing that, we watoh with tearful eyes and bleeding heart the agony the foolish child has brought upon itself; and quickly do we check the rod if it should dare to strike one blow too many. This is the true' theory of the 4 rod ' of God, and of all good men who are like God. Alas — again I say it — that so few earthly parents rehearse this heavenly mystery of grace aright. With most, the naked hand Bmites in hot displeasure; and the rod, instead of being restrained, is laid on in the heat of fury, until we blush at the remem- brance of it; when wrath is cooled down, and right reason sits once more upon the throne. Wonder it is — and it speaks volumes for the power of filial affection — that we give our 4 fathers according to the flesh' any 4 rever ence' at all, seeing how ill they do the work of chastisement, 4 after their own pleasure.' But for the love we know tnat lies at the bottom of all these devilish and unseemly exhibitions of parental anger, we should hate them for every stroke ; and but for the consciousness of ill-desert on our own part, we should utterly rebel. This twofold cord holds us to a certain grade of obedience in spite of all. Shall we not then muoh rather be in subjection to the .Father of spirits, and live ?' Ob, cogent question of the Holy Ghost ! If our earthly parents, with all their faults, secure our love and subjection, shall not our Father in Heaven, who is love and nothing else, be adored ; and shall we not run into His arms when Satan smites, acquitting Him of all blame ; letting His dear hand touch oor wounds ; bo 4 healed immediately ;' and go on our way, rejoicing in the love that triumphs oyer wrath ; thus learning afresh that 4 saying' — which Pharisees never would or will learn — I will have mercy, and not B&orincs.; -cor indeed the Lord is 4 guiltless,' though men condemn Him.' . If one still asks, 4 Why, then, is it said in Scripture, 44 Whom the Lord love He ohasteneth and is it right and fair to change this, practically, into 44 Whom the Lord love the devil ehasteneth ?" ' Iehal reply to this seeming difficulty, as Jesus once did, by saying, It is written again, 44 1 came qo£ to bring peace, but a eword. II this can be truly said of the gentle Jesus— thai His lovely life brought the devil a 4 sword,' reddened with human blood to the: hilt ; if it can bB truly said that our perfect Jesus, so full of love, bred hatred anc division in family circles, that else had dwelt in .peace ; as it is written, 4 1 am come to eet a man at variance against his father, and the daughter against her mother, and the daughter-in-law against her mother-in- law ; and a man's foes shall they be of bis j own household .now if this be true of 31m whose mission was to 4 heal the broken-hearted, and to 4 preach the ac ceptable year of the Lord,' surely we oan find, for our Heavenly Father, an exposi tion of the 4 letter that kilieth,' that will not make Him always 4 such an one as ourselves.' Alae, again, that men will .thus judge God. Because we get angry and ruffled with our ohildreU,westraightw&y; read 4 He is angry every day ' in the light of our own unlovely moods, and attribute changes to Him that yes are only our own. As if the devil could stir Him to qgoets of passion as he does us 1 What else could make us think that Jesus, who, in terms, declares that He is 4 the same yester day, to-day, and for ever,' can be different in the Day of Judgment from what He was eighteen hundred and fifty years ago, when hp always 4 went about doing good ? For who is the Judge of the quick and dead? Jesus 1 That means 1 Saviour,' does it not ? Does he lose that name for the lost when they are judged ? 4 Nay ; O man, who art thou that repliest against God ?' 4 Jesus Christ, the same yeefcerday, to day, and for 6ver.' And 4 Judge,' too ? Yes ! the very same. 4 All judgment is committed to the Son.' And how does he behave, according to Seripturp, with this great trust committed to Him? First, He fefuses to 'judge' at all during the 'accepted time.' 4 1 judge no man.' ' Neither do I condemn thee' (judge thee), He said to one 4 taken in the very act ' of heinous sin. Next, when He has to pro nounce sentence, because the day of grace is past, he weeps as if His heart would break. 4 And when He was oome near, Be beheld the eity, and wept over it.' So any true judge now, in any true court of justice, that at all rehearses the heavenly judgment: He weeps as he draws on the black cap ; his generous hand gees iota his pooket for the ready gift to help the widow and children of the man be bangs ; and his broken voice trembles as he epeaks the words, 4 God have mercy on your soul, for I oan have none on your poor bogy that must "bang until yon ere dead.'" There is not a tone of exultation ; there is no 4 laug- ing at his 4 calamity ; ' there is no 4 mocking ' at his 4 fears ; ' but undisguised pity and tenderness for the noor wretch, self- doomed. g- j ? and hastening to 4 reap ' what he has 4 sown.' If 4 we being evil ' thus comport ourselves on earthly judgment seats, 'how maoh more' will our Jesus' tenderness come oat when the 4 great white throne ' is set, and the heavens and the earth flee before it. Love, rejected and despised, is the 4 worm that never dies ; the file that is never quenched.' And that love is always the same. That makes hell an awful, everlasting certainty. What a libel on the character of our God — Father, Son, Bnd Hciy Ghost — to say that He loves and pities up to a certain point, and then turns to a raging fury — a grinning demon ; 4 laughing ' at the miserable wretches who writhe in unspeakable anguish ; 4 mock ing ' the agonies of the lost ones, as the same 4 letter that kilieth ' says in Prov. i. 16. Surely we will all instinctively feel, in facing this dreadful passage, that there must be a 4 spirit that giveth life,' in that and many other Soriptures ; else we should go mad, or turn atheists as a last resort. Thank God, we are shut up to no such gloomy alternative. Once find the devil of Scripture, upon whom to heap all the wrong-doing in God's fair universe; and the clue to the labyrinth is discovered. A devil whom God Himself characterises as 4 the god of this world ' 4 the prinoe of the power of the air,' 4 the rnler of the darkness of this world,' 4 the strong one keeping his palace' — against whom 4 Michael (who is supposed by many to be none other than our Lord Jesus), when dispatiDg with him about the body of Moses, durst not bring a railing accusation ;' who now, 4 in heavenly places,' still 4 accused the brethren,' day and night, before God and the Father ; who is so powerful that St. John says, 4 the whole world lieth in the Wicked One ;' who is so bloodthirsty and strong that we are bidden to shun him as a 4 roaring lion ;' who even has 4 the power of death ; who, so far from being one of 4 the angels who kept not their first estate,' and who are now in 4 Tartarus,' reserved in everlasting chains, under darkness, unto the jadgment of the great day, has never felt the weight of a chain ; and never will, according to Scripture, until 4 a strong angel comes down with a great chain in his hand,' to bind him, and oast him into the bottomless pit for a thoueand years ; who then has such frightful energy that he burets from the dark abyss and heads another revolt, before he is finally and forever cast into the 4 lake of fire ;' when, I repeat, one finds this awfol being in ex- istence, he is quite enough to account, tor tne presence of all suffering, sorrow, and death. Why should I lay these on the good Lord, when I find they all at once disappear the very moment Satan vanishes from view ? Even the blind might see this significant and palpable connection, one would think. At any rate, when one, searching the 4 written word' — instead of poring over Milton's epic, and taking that for Scripture — finds in the devil not an escaped gaolbird, but an awful unchained fiend, he will fiod a clue to many a sombre passage in the Word of God that, misunderstood, , would cast a gloomy shadow over the spiritual life. Then sweet and amiable expositions of Scriptures —that were dark and Hard to be understood — present themselves like flights of gentle doves, replacing flocks of horrid vultures — once darkening the air, to pounce upon the' putrid things our harsh theology bad slain. If etui it be questioned, &b; the rnansees oi old were wont to put it, 'Why not tell us plainly if Thou art the Christ ?' Jesus answers, 4 1 can only speak in parables.' My words must be as my person— a constant disguise, for faith to penetrate and unbelief to stumble &t.; If all were 4 plain ' how could one 4 walk by faith ?' No ; it must be ever so. 'Verily Thou art a God that hideBt Thy self.' And so, dear friends, I can only say_ for myself that this clue had led me out into a large plaoe,' where continuous light flashes on the sacred page ; where I no longey stand aghast before ' mysterious providences; no longer epend precious time trying to be ' resigned to the will of my Heavenly Father no longer endure the agony of blushing far the moral eh&raotar; of my God ; never m&re; bow 'down before & demon who has dared to 4 eit in the temple ol God, showing himself that he is God for I know him now in hie own hateful character, and his plausible disguises serve him so longer in blinding my eyes ; and, above all, the 4 veil being rent from top to bottom,' my dear God stands revealed, the 'obiefest among 10,000, and altogether lovely in whose dear company I walk in unclouded sunshine ; and 4 life flows on in endlers song, above earth's lamenta tion.' And when I see in Scripture the warrant for saying boldly that what is expressly ascribed to God is something that the devil has done— as, notably, in 1 Oh.on. xxi. 1, and 2 Samuel xxiv. 1 — I follow the gracious clue thus placed in my hand, and read other n&ssaees; bv the light thus given. God is love, and nothing else, held fast as the motto of cur life, will deliver ua from all peril of 4 wrestling Scripture,' because that which draws us to Him is sure to be right ; and in His dear presence all minor mistakes will easily be rectified. 4 Oh, that I could get ycu near enough to Him to make all this plain and simple. Then you would find, with increasing joy, that God 4 chastens, 4 as Jesus draws the 4 sword that both are innocent of a shade of harshness in either ; that God's 4 chastise ments' are His, beoause it is neglect cr rejec tion of His Love that brings in the devil as the 4 rod ;' that the 4 sword ' is Jesus' sword because neglector rejection of His Love, brings in a devil, who drawB it greedily, aoa sheaths it in quivering hearts with infernal joy. If it were God's in reality, instead of this amiable sense, executioneere would not be the loathsome creatures they are ; nor would they in Bsoient days have worn a black demon's mask in doing their horrid work. And, before leaving this point, it may cot be amies to fortify the argnment — already fairly established from the Judge's bench — by referring to the f&et;, helpful to some, in puzzling over the matter, that the legislator who, from his responsible place, declares that the penalty of murder is hanging by the neck until death ensues, virtually hangs every malefactor guilty of that crime. The gentle sovereign of this reaim may be said to be responsible for every poor wretch who hangs, because morally she cannot put her hand to the nan -r that would release him from the hangman's bands. Some she oan treat thus for sufficient reasons ; and the murderer goes free. Some she cannot tbuB deliver ; and the murderer dies. Is she — though thus the direct cause of death — less lovely, lesB gentle, on that account ? I can readily see, then, how men can suffer the penalty of crime in England and the sovereign of the British Empire be even unaware of their existence and their end ; and although this is not possible with the Sovereign ot the universe, who knows ail things, the connection with the ciime ib the same in both cases. The Queen cannot prevent the culprit from doing wrong. No more can Ged keep my free will from acting in a wrong direction. Everyone knows and acknowledges this. So Adam fell, in spite of God's will that he shonld stand. So men .perish now, in spite of the fact that 4 God j will have all men to be saved,' as Scripture most plainly declares. And no one dreams of impeaching the Lord's almightiness in believing this. He is not almighty to do wrong. 4 It is impossible for God to lie;' and it would be acting a lie if He mae man free as to will, and then compelled his will. 4 He cannot deny Himself.' 