Taylor's Ghost. "She's due," said Taylor, as he peered out of the window into the darkness. He had no sooner said those worlds When the train came puffing in, its head- light forming shining gold rings in the gathering fog. There was the usual bustle, and pre- sently two men came into the station, bearing a long, narrow box between them. This they placed upon the table, and with- drew. The whistle sounded, the guard shouted "All right !" and the train moved without leaving a single pas- senger. A few minutes later Taylor made his appearance, with lantern in hand, the rain dripping from his great shaggy coat and slouched hat. Placing the lantern in one corner of the room, he hung up his drenched gar- ments, and then, turning, eyed the box on the table suspiciously. "For portsea. I'll be hanged if I like the look o' that," said Taylor, uneasily to himself. "What's that, Taylor ?" asked Joe Hume, a newsboy, who had just come in. "You here, Joe," he said, his visage becoming much brighter; "I am glad of it. You see, the clerk has gone away, and I have got to stay here till the half-past train, to see this confounded box aboard." "What's in it ?" "Why a corpse, to be sure. Stay and help me watch it." "Cannot see it," replied 'Joe. "I've got a large family to look after, and can't be out nights ; besides, I haven't no fancy a-sittin' up with corpses. Look out, Taylor that a ghost don't rise out o' that 'ere box. I'd be afeared, I should, Taylor!" and with this parting injunction Joe strode away, whistling. Taylor huddled close to the fire, shivering with the cold or something else. "I wish it was half past one," he said glancing fearfully over his shoulder at the long, narrow box on the table. "I wonder who it is in that 'ere box--- a man or a woman ? It must be a woman, for it ain't hardly long enough for a man. I'd just like to know whether she was young or old. What can they be a-send- ing her away to be buried for ?" Just then the wind came sweeping around one corner of the station, howling, and moaning like something human. Taylor sprang out of his chair in fear. The wail died away, and all was quiet once more. Taylor's fear gradually subsided, and his head dropped lower and lower, till at last he was sound asleep. It seemed, lonesome to me. As the hours dragged on I kept my eyes on the narrow box, and fell to wondering like him, who was in it ; who this was that was taking this journey over the road. Was she young ? And I fell to pictur- ing a sunny haired, blue-eyed lassie, who had gone home thus early-before sorrow or age had come to rob her of the soft peach-bloom in her cheeks-before the light had been quenched in the bright eyes, or the sunny hair lost its first luster. After a time I grew weary of these speculations, and, like Taylor began to nod. Suddenly I was aroused by a light step on the station floor. Looking up, I beheld a figure entirely in white, mak- ing its way towards the table. It mounted it and seated itself on the long narrow box. Just then the clock struck twelve. As it did so, Taylor woke with a start, and turning abruptly, faced the white robed figure sitting so quietly upon the box. His hair rose suddenly upon end, and his teeth chattered so that you could have heard them all over the room. The figure on the box arose slowly, and stretched forth a shadowy arm in his direction. Taylor became paralysed with fear ; he shrank into the furtherest corner, and brandished his arms frantically. The figure dismounted from the table, and advanced slowly towards him. "Heaven save me!" yelled Taylor. "Get out o' this, I say! I hain't never done ye any harm. You needn't be a gettin' out o' that box to haunt me. I tell you, I hain't none of your relations. Oh, Heaven save me !" The figure never paused, but drew nearer and nearer, and Taylor shrank further into the corner. At last, just as one shadowy arm was out stretched to grasp him, with a hollow groan of des- pair, he darted from under it, and sped out through the left door into the dark- ness. There was a sound of suppressed laugh- ter in the room, and the ghost suddenly disappeared through the right entrance. I was alone. At precisely half past one the whistle sounded ; the night train was due. It stopped, and the guard came in, followed by Taylor, who was drenched to the skin. "This is the box," said Taylor, glanc- ing fearfully at it," and take it quick ! I would not set up with another corpse ag'in for a full mint o' money." The conductor raised his lantern and scrutinised the box closely. "Why, man alive, this isn't a corpse," he exclaimed. "See, here it's marked 'Guns. You've been sitting up with a box of guns." "I do not believe it," said Taylor. "I tell you I see' it with my own eyes." "What, the guns ?" laughed the guard. "Help, help me shoulder this boy." Taylor obeyed him with a face that was an enigma to see. The next morning he related the ad- venture of the night to Joe Hume, who listened with a very grave face, but with a mischievous twinkle in his eye. "It was the ghost of your grand- mother, Taylor," he replied ; and that was as near as we ever solved the mys- tery. 