Hamlet, Deaf and Dumb. ONE of the greatest conundrums of tile nineteenth century is, " Was Hamlet mad ?" We suppose we'll have to leave it to a Christy Minstrel cornerman to give the reply. Anyhow, here is the latest development:—"Hamlet" was played in the deaf and dumb "language," at the Horns Assembly Booms, Keuniugton, recently, and the experience was a peculiar one for all concerned. The performers were deaf mutes—members of the South London Benefit Dramatic Club—and (says a home paper) considering that this was their first public show, it Mill be soon that they have the courage of their opinions, or they would never have selected such a light and lively vehicle for then trial trip. "Cuts" were plentiful, for it takes much longer - to talk upon the fingers thau with the tongue, and had the text of " Hamlet" been given in its entirety the tragedy might have been got through by Sunday (the show took place on a Wednesday), and it might "not. Therefore they dispensed with the Play Scene, also with the burial of Ophelia, and iu a general way with whatever it seemed good to them to leave out. Hamlet was represented with considerable intelligence, though the melancholy Dane, in common with everybody else in the cast, was of course heavily handicapped by his hands being monopolised for conversation, and consequently never available for gesture. The buried majesty of Denmark wore a sort of tourist suit of uncertain colour, and bore himself with much dignity. He was indeed a very grave and reverend Ghost. Claudius was responsible for the stage-management as well as for the heavy villainy. Polonius had much ado to keep his beard from falling off, and was finally stabbed by Hamlet coram pojnilo, and retired "off" to die. Gertrude was very much in earnest, and acquitted herself well. Ophelia was graceful and pretty. Apart from the absolute novelty of the enterprise (wo believe this was the iirst public Shakespearian performance ever attempted by the deaf and dumb) there was much to interest the most blase playgoer iu the unusual earnestness and, it must bo added, iu the conspicuous intelligence of these courageous performers, while the extraordinary liberties taken with tho text by the gentleman who interpreted the signs to tho hearing portiou of the audience provided a perpetual feast of delight. The worthy Quince iu " Midsummer Night's Dream," who explained to the public the performances of Bottom and his fellow amateurs was never so droll as this interpreter. His making a dissyllable of "Ni-obe" and his dubbing the Ghost an " apparation" were, perhaps, mere lapui lingua', but the extraordinary "new reading" which he found for oue famous line iu the form " Lay not the flattering unicorn to thy soul" should entitle him among Shakespearian commentators to nothing short of immortality. Now, we wish to goodness that Melbourne amateurs would go in for the deaf and dumb system (or, as Richard says "a king-dumbfora horse"). It would at all events give the local Barry Sullivans something to do with their hands, which, as a rule, dangle from their (property) watch chains like mullet from a fishing line. lie the above show, the Referee says,—" Rut I am forgetting the principal ' star' of the evening. This was a youthful ' interpreter,' who was turned on to read tlie text out loud in order to explain matters to such as could hear. As the interpreter was sometimes a page or so ahead of the action, his interpretation was not an unmixed, blessing; but liis ' new readings' will never be forgotten by me while memory holds its seat. According to him Marcellus' friend was ' Penaydo,' Ophelia's father ' Polnus,' and so on. He bade us ' see the morn 111 rewest mantle clad,' and referred cheerily to tho 'funeral barked meats.' He caused Hamlet to say to his royal father, ' Bring with tlieo hares from lieaveu,' and to ask why his mnzoned bones revisest thus the glimpses of the rnoou.' He made Hamlet also ask concerning his soul, ' What can it do to that, being a thing immoral as itself ?' The blithe interpreter, after speaking of a certain fat weed ' wliich rolls itself iu ease on Lcith Wharf,' went011 to make the perplexed Prince, in comparing his late father to his uncle, point out that lie was as ' TIeperrin to a styre,' and that he had ' Hypocrite curls.' Anon the interpreter shied at an expression put by Shakespeare into the mouth of Gertrude, and, evidently deeming it to he unlit for ears polite, he exclaimed, 'O, what a rash and blood-stained, deed is this!' He then spoke of Gertrude's marriage vows being as false as ' deacom' oaths,' adding, in perfect cold blood, 'Lay not that flattering unicorn to vour soul!' And at that i lied." 