Tales and Sketches; Three Hourg in the Night Mali: 44 \tfjirrk it down! 'Write it down!" For many a long day these words have been haunt ing me—me, a staid, sensible spinster, who never in her life wrote down anything more important than a letter of some half-dozen sheets. For many a day then I have thought and thonght whether I ought not to put down - for the benefit of this cynical, incredulous generation, the one great inexplicable adven ture of my quiet spinsterhood. After trying many polished and roundabout beginnings, upon whioh I waBted Beveral sheets of gcd paper, I at last came to the conclusion that it was quite futile for me to try and beguile the publio—and above all the publishers—into the idea that I was a rising and talented aUthoteBs but that I had better just narrate in my plain way my Btrange and awful experience; trust ing to the generosity of my readers to pardon any slips or roughnesses in my composition ; reminding them again that since the days ■#hen I wrote essays on " History," "Truth," for my English governess at sohool, all my Attempts in this line have been confined to a six-orOflsed sheeted letter to a bosom friend. In the first place) I suppose I ought to tell . you something of my personal appearance, though as I utterly deBpise and abhor all such fabrications of lies as novels or novelettes, and have never opened one for—perhaps I had better not say how many years—I have con sequently no idea what is the fashionable style of beginning. Well, I am 5 feet 8 inches in height, I have grey eyes, a Boman nose, and a sharp ohin. I am a Btrong advooate for women's suffrage, and, in faot, for the rights of women of all kinds. I have never addressed a meeting yet, nor oan I put myself down as a B.A." or 44 S.A.," as the feminine degree must, I suppose, be oalled, though I am afraid ; the tender feelings of the sex will be hurt if any diff erenoe is made between them and their more favoured fellow creatures. Up to a oertain period of my life, if there was one subject upon whioh I felt particularly strong it was on 14 Ghosts." I felt once or twice that I really could speak on that subjeot, and even contem plated giving a lecture, but somehow, when I had walked down to the Assembly BoomB, and stood in the middle of the one : I was going to ohoose for my debut, my heart failed me; I looked at the high walls, at the rows of empty seats, filled in my imagination with countlesB heads—I believe there is something wrong in that sentence, but it sounds so flowing, I can't find the heart to scratch it out—when I looked at those seats, and then at the raised platform in the dim dis tance, I—well I went home and burnt the advertisement whioh I had written out. But my oontempt for ghosts continued in full force. I dismissed three nursemaids for telling ghost stories to my nieces of whom I had charge. I took a house olose to the parish churchyard taking care to be well above it—and I was just on the brink of joining the oommittee for 44 Haunted Houses " when the event happened whioh necessitates my writing now. Yes, up to the rime of that event, I would cheerfully ' have faced a dozen ohurchyards on the darkest < night, and as for a haunted house, I laughed at the idea, and always made a point when I went to stay at any country mansion of seleot : ing the darkest, most oak-panelled, and most ; tapestried room Yoc even in those days it did strike me sometimes, as perhaps it has struok other people like myself, that every now and then queer things did ooour; things which gradually it beoame evident to my friends thit my opinions on some points had changed; so they have, and I think when you have read how they were ohanged yours may change too, unless you take refuge, as I am sorely afraid you will, in "digestion," and "delu sions of the brain." It was the night of the second of November, and as my High Ohuroh oouain, at whose house I was staying, informed me, the 44 Feast of All Souls." It was a weird, wild night, dark, and raining gustily every now and then The owls hooted and yelled in the tall dork elms with whioh the little parsonage was surrounded. The clouds went rushing in fragmentary masses across the sky—grey, black, and white—in appa rently hopeless oonfusion. I am not artistic nor ajsthetio, henoe this unembellished descrip tion. Besides I had something else to do that night than gaze at the flying olouds, and listen to the moaning wind and gusty rain. I was deeply engaged in the nooessary but un romantio occupation of 44 packing up." having before me the pleasant prospect of a night journey of more than a hundred miles to the house of a dear sick friend in London who had telegraphed for me that afternoon. Yet, though at the time I noticed it so little, I shall never forgot to the day of my death tho sound of that rushing, screaming wind, nor tho sight of those angry flying olouds.' Tho train left the country town from which I was to start at 10.69 p m., and arrived in London at 1.40 a.m. 44 A wonderfully quick journey," as I rcmarkod to my cousin, 44 scaroely a stop all the way." "Oh, oousin Joan!" said the timid little voioe of my oousin's young wife. " I wish you could stay till to-morrow; indeed it is a fearful night, so dark and wild. I would not travel all that way by myself to-night for anything. Don't you really think you had better wait till tho morning; there is an early train ? " "Nonsense, obild," I answered, " the night is not a bit oold, and as for tho darkness, I shan't tronble muoh about that when I got into the oomfortablo lighted railway oarriago." But she would not be satisfied: with her Uttlo pale face, and an anxious timid look in her eyes, sho came nearer to me. "Dear Joan," she said, in a low, rather fearful voico, 44 it is not only that tho night is very wild, but—but—I know you will think me very silly—it is tho second of Novombor, thonighthn r.cnt away." What wns it that made my intrepid oouutonance suddenly grow white, as tho mirror opposite told mo it did, ppq then flush a deop scarlet j whot was it that I made me suddenly wish that X was not $oin$ out into the great darkness arid the wild wind; what was it that made me from that moment notice every moan of that saute wind, and every gusty splash of the cold rain ? It was thdt tfiy little pale cousin had reminded me or the fdct that this was the 2nd of Novem ber; tha,"F£astof All Souls." Ten ybars ago, on a "Feast of All Souls," one had gone from this quiet country rectory, gone away into the darkness and storm. Out on the windy drive I had said good-bye to him; in this little room, a few minutes earlier, they had all aaid good-bye to him—for evermore. He had entered the Loudon train, and he was never seen or heard of again, except that a few weeks afterwards a report reached us that he had been seen boarding an Australian bound ship, accompanied by a woman. When I first heard of his disappearance the horrible doubt aud mystory nearly sent me mad. Then, when I recovered, they told me that report, and pro fessed to believe in it—to Comfort me ! Yes, it did comfort mo, it withered mo up, it hardened mo, it dried up my youthful lovd and faith. I had loved him with all my strength, with all the lovo there was in mo, and now he had deserted mo, and 1 became what I am—a cynical, shrivelled spinBtcr. " Come, Joan," said my cousin Herbert's voice, " the carriage ha3 come rouudj time is gettingon;" sol kissed his little wife in Bileuce, and was soon whirling away through the long dark lanes to the little county town from which I was to start. We drove in silence till we reached the quaint old city. The wind had somewhat abated, but the rain was falling steadily with a dreary plash on the glistening pavement. I pat down the carriage window and looked out. A great gost of bitter wind came sweep ing down the high, narrow street, making the yellow lumps flicker, and the few foot passengers getoloser to the walls ; rattling the blaok chimney pots standing out against the wild sky; then the shower passed, and the moon looked out from among the dark clouds dashing around her, and threatening every moment to overwhelm her, and the wind began soreaming and roaring ; and mingled with the noise came the wild yells of some departing train, and the jangle of half a dozen chimes sounding the qnarter. "I hope that is not ray train," I said to my ootisin with some anxiety; " what time did yon Bay it started ?" "Ten fifty-nine," answered he, "wehave more than ten minutes." The carriage stopped, and we went into the station. It was one of those dark BtationB which so many country towns boast; a place which looked as if the builder had taken in only the gloomy side of railway travelling, and built his edifice to cor respond with the,partings and dreary last good byes of which it is suoh a co aslant witness. The wind was rushing in at the upper end, and driving before it great spurts of rain. What with the gloom, juBt relieved by the dull and siokly lamps; the puffiog and blowing of steam; the howling of the wind, and the ehrieking of the eagines, the place looked more like the suitable terminus for trains to a certain unmentionable region, than the proud railway depot of an enlightened nineteenth-century town. Certainly it was dreary—very dreary— and I drew oloser to my cousin as we walked up and down the long platform. " How foolish I am to-night," I kept thinking. " I can't imagine what has come over me; really mothers should be very careful to prevent the Billy norses from filling the children's heads with nonsensical superstitions; there is no bondage more difficult to shake off. It is certainly a horrid night-'* "Just 10 years ago," remarked my oousin, "since I saw poor John off from th™ very station. Poor fellow I How he laughed and talked all the way to town. I remember the drive so well; I was only quite a young chap then, bnt he was very good to me, and I was very fond of him. It was such a wild night, very muoh like this, windy and rainy. Yon remember John Earle, don't you? I recollect getting him a Yorkshire Advtrtiscr from a little lad jnst like that one. By the way, you have not any paper, I had better get you one;" and he ran after the newspaper boy and left me alone. Was it the cold wind rustling through the station that made me shudder and my flesh creep? Poor lad! Why, 'oh why would he talk about what I'would give any thing to forget—to keep out of my mind ? The train came tearing in, groaning and shrieking. My cousin found me a comfortable empty first class, and put me in. " Would you like a novel?" he asked. "No, thank you," I answered. "Ireala novel, indeed. I have got the report of the Haunted Houses Committee," I continued. '• Most amusing." "All right," said he, shutting the door; uehaeun d son gout. I hopo you will havo a pleasant journey. Telegraph when you ar rive." The train moved. I loaned out of tho win dow and waved farowell to him till wo passed out of tho dirty yellow light into darkness and storm. Then I sot'to work to mako myself comfortablo. I pulled up both windows; I put back cue of tho arms of the seat to make a couch; wrapped myself up in my fur cloak and travelling rug; propped up my head with my now air oushion ; and settled myself down with a copy of tho Yorkshire Advertiser, and tho report of tho Haunted Houses Committee, determined to banish all foolish thoughts out of my wiso head. Well, as you see, 1 cartiinly had every reason to bo vory comfortable, aud havo a pleasant night journey. Yet, though tho couch was more comfortable than my horsehair ono ut borne, though tho rugs wore de lightfully soft and worm, though my report looked very enlivening, aud the Yorkshire paper had a splendid article on woman's suffrage—my favourite topic—yet, spito of all these blessings, and angry as I felt with mysolf at it, I could not rest at all. My brain seemed so possessed with silly thoughts. I felt so lonoly, and do what I would, strange creeping fears would come over mo, making mo shudder aud look nervously around. I gave up my attempts at reading, and tried to com pose mysolf to sloop—many a good nap have I > had under similar circuinstancCs. But titf, sleep X cotfld not; that All Souls1 evening" 10' years ago haunted m'e. ''Again I seemed stand 1 ing at the hall door of the little parsonage, and he beside mo, saying " Good-bye " Then the wind came witli a great sweep and blew to the door .behind me, and the hall lamp went out. But we did not notice it. X put found his neck the brown and white mufiler I had myself knitted him. Ah! I could almost feel again his soft bteaih on my face, and something yet sweeter and BoltOt, Carriage wheels came round the corner of the dfifej, I oould hear them ramble—the sound which f of €Ver parted us two. Then with a passionate emTflfaoe and kiss he went away, and left me out on the windy drive with the dark shrubB creaking and rocking aronnd, those same owls hooting and crying up in the trees, and right above me and them the dark flying clouds, and the red wild moon. "How silly X am," X cried to myself, banishing with an effort tho sad vision; and starting up JI went to the window and looked out, for X could not bear to lie still there any longer. Th;re was a faint moon* light now, enough to show me the flat, low country through which we wero passing. It was dottod over with bright lights and columns of ascending BiUoke; evidently we were on the border of one of the great midland manufac turing towns As I was gazing out of the window, I was startled suddenly by a creasing rustling sound in the carriage, like the nois£ of a newspaper when it is turned over.! "How fooliBh I am," I thought, to start at every little noise, and I looked round expecting to sefl my Yorkshire Advertiser on the floor, but someWbat to my surprise I saw that it was wrapped up as X had left it, in a tidy folded parcel, and more over that the heavy report was lying upon it, so that it conld not possibly have been rustled by the wind or anything else. "The holland blinds," X said decidedly to myself, but in spite of my decided thoughts, a queer little shudder crept through my frame. I let down the carriage windows and looked out; it was raining now. and the howls of^ the wind had subsided into low sighs and f sint moans. The train was passing through some city, and over the sleeping piles of bricks and mortar came the sound of the olook bell from the high dim cathedral tower. Twelve twelve long booming sounds, each growiog fainter as we passed away from the city into the brown fields again. My eyes dropped to the door of the carriage and mechanically read the number, 1,294—1,294. Meohanioally, I say, my eyes read it, but it seemed to fill my brain. 1,294 ! 1,294! Where had X heard it ? What made the sound of its numbers ring in my ears, bringing in distinct memories of something horrible, something terrible. 1,294! Ah! memory came to me with a flash. Xt was the number of the railway oarriage in which he had travelled that night of the Feast of All Souls ten years ago ! Ic was the night of the Feast of All Sonls again, and X was travel ling in number 1.294 of tho same night London train. With desperate effort X tried to banish the thought from my brain. X leaned out of the window, X gazed down the long reaches of fiat colourless fields through which we were dashing at 60 miles an hour speed. Down here in the midlands the night was calm and still. The great yellow moon stood out in a dear blue sky, and the night breeze blew softly against my fac9. Perhaps the night wind had blown against his face at that very window, perhaps his eyes had gazed down at the same grey fields over which the same yellow moon was shining! 'Twas horrible. I conld not bear to stay. Closing the window I sat down again in the middle of the carriage. The train passed into a deep ravine, and I could see the moon no more. For a moment I felt almost glad, then I heard —what made my flesh creep, and my blood run cold. It was the same sound whioh had startled me a few minutes previously. There was no mistaking it this time. The blinds were rolled up tight over the rollers. X held my folded paper and the report in my hands. There was no other paper in the carriage—yet that rustling, oreasiag sound of paper, as of a newspaper turned over by its reader, and almost, X fancied. I oould feel a waft of cold air. My limbs trembled, and my hands grew cold. Then there was silence again —dead silence. The train stopped for a few minutes X knew at some large town at 12 40, How thankful X felt, for then X could leave this horrible carriage and get into one with some fellow-travellers. Surely, surely, it must be nearly that time now. X felt as if X must soream, jump ont of the train, or anything— anything. X could not bear to remain much longer where I was, such a feeling of utter horror and fearful dread had come over me. With a trembling hand I took out my little white-faced watch, and held it down so that the light fell on it—fifteen minutes past 12. Now it was that the strangest and most mysterious psrt of my night's adventure began X feel that X shall not be believed, that I should have laughed at the tale myself if anyone had told it to mo, yet I will tell it. I must tell it, if only to relievo my own mind of its awful mysterious burden, though as I write" even now, years later, my hand shakes and my blood chills. Almost everyone knows that horrible feeling that one experiences in a nightmare, when one is trying—trying to do something, and yet one cannot do it. Something of that feeling came over me now, only moro horrible. I bad fixed my oyos on tho little watch in my hand, and why, or wherefore, I loavo to others to ex plain—a resolute determination seized me sot to lift them from it; and yot, determined as X was, firm as was my resolution, X could not, positively oould not^ keep my own eyes fixed upon it. They would riso; sorno dreadful, inexplicable fascination seemed to draw them up and my head round to the opposite far corner of tho oarriage. X began to count the figures on the dial—1, 2, 3—my eyes were on the leather back of tho seat just in front. I must look round, I must, I must! The feeling was horrible. I felt my head slowly move ; with a desperate effort 1 forced it back. Close, close to my eyes I held the little white; watoh dial. I tried to think of something I I believo X sore^med; I know 11 wildly prayed. I dared not, woold noil look i a_ fearful dread had seized me. Yet the fascination was strong as ever. Suddenly a cold draught of air swept through the car riage, though I knew that the windows had both been shut!' My will yielded, the fasci nation prevailed. I turned my head, and my eyes fixed themselves on that opposite comer. Merciful heaven ? The window was wide open, I and the cold moonlight streaming in. Shown otli dearly against the glass at the side was the outline of a face—a beautiful man's face— his face! as if cut in some dark shadow. X recognised the well-known profile—his hand some profile. I could tee the broad white brow, with the soft brown hair clustering round it, and under it hie great eyes closed as if in sleep. Bound the neck was a brown and white muffler—the muffler I bad made, and put on for him, in the _ dark rectory garden. Then came the outline of a hand holding something in it—a newapaper. I could read the title—Yorkshire Advertiser, November 2, 1861. Thie was 1874. Motion less and silent he eat—my John. Suddenly stealing up to his face came a hand, a white, long-fingered hand. It graaped the end of that, which he wore round his throat—my gift I Oh!• horrible! Closer, tighter, a druggie, and the beautiful face fell back, dead. Then the carriage door seemed open, and I saw beneath n dark rushing river, and to my ears came a sound of something heavy fa'ling into ita torrent. * « • a « • • • When I awoke once more in the waiting room of a town station, whither I had been brought from the train, then I knew that my John had not been unfaithful to me, hut that he slept for ever uuder the dark waves of that unknown Midland, river. -By N. O Melia, in the Manchester Weekly Times. 