SPORTING INTELLIGENCE. VICTORIA RACING CLUB AUTUMN MEETING. The follow IHR horses were left in the New market Handicap and Australian Cup on '1 heads), as the result of the second forfeits - -LVVMV.IilvtT HANDICAP Of 20 sons each with ooO serg added The second horse to receive loo table and the third 50 says, out of the star c Three quarters of a mile st, 11 st his Mains , II-, 2 ... Mozart ) 0 I Gardens 7 i Seahorse S 1 family less W i Ibm Tell at the Israelite b shots S tralia S I - Waterloo it I am! at B U Solo b 2 Mt ermine left fat. John U T) I Bonnie Doon v R' Dunlop S 0 Nepicalhna to 9 LeiUenndbluo 7 12 Maiourcceu 0 b Na] 1er 7 1. -who _ < Maiden 7 7 ' Morceau of J L run ON cur Of 20 Sovs each with six) added The handicap weight of the winner of the V R C St Leger to be not less than i t Lib and the winner of any handicap of the mine of 100 sons after the declara- even if the wilkins to carry 1!) extra of two or more such men a that it i the second horse to train a suit out of the ) miles and a st lb, Sir 1ms "i -SS Grace Darling; ye S H Mozart 3 o Off Colour S i Mooii'hee S I silver-lead S 0 IlleriKKll , li Don Castle " 12 Minerva 7 11 Matchlock 7 0 I Basil le Sandal Winchester , Moi naval II e Israelite Cerise and blue II was Affluence Kohat First Prince 2 bats Yellow Hammer 'tHE BY KING MAUR] I So soon as business opened at midday Yes verily, a lot of money went on Silvermine, and he at once supplanted William fell, the two standing at b To 1 and 7 to 1 respective el) In the evening at the Victorian club silver mine became more in demand till at last 5 to 1 was the best offer, and William Tell stood at a point more M ihn was much Olid The Israelite became a shade easier Quintin Matsep on the other hand, sprung to 100 to (6, and at night 11 to 1 was the most liberal offer Mozart likewise took a forward move, and so did Napier , whilst the only other line worth men boning was the support accorded to France, for it to 1 was s carted to all the available money, when 20 to I remained on offer the Australian Cup was a dead letter and will remain so till the Newmarket Handicap is decided The following in" are the quor i lions - NEWMARKET HANDICAP S - last Silvermine (tk and off) Oto rebuilt 1111 I eli (tk and off) 7- Matua (on) 14-The Israelite (tk and off) 1\. - Quintin M top (off) 1-1 Moat (off) -0- Napier (tk and off) to - Juanita (tk and wit) a5 1St John (tk and off) a. - Copra (tk and off) 21" - Uralla (ulT) JO - Seaborne (off) 10-12 storing (oil) "0- Dunlop (oil) 33 - 1-Yintippe (tk and off) JI-- Gardenia (off) JJ - Tarpeia (off) 40- hall of (off) 40- Warrior 1 (off) 104 Solo (off) TO - Savoury seen (tk and off) TO- studies (off) found plausible (off) TO- Cerise and blue (off) re- Marie I case (oil) 60 - Blair then (off) to- Umbra (off) TO - Florrie Doon (off) TO- 1-Neplcalllna (oil) (6- Morceau (off) AL-lItlIIAV CUI b to 1 and W mehester (tk and off) 10 - 1 Liverpool (off) 10-1 Minerva (oil) 10-1-Matehlocl (oil) 124 Grace Darling, (tk and off). 100- 8-Storuowoj (t! allowed) 100 - Off Colour (off) RACING Nominators of colts and fillies in the V H.C St. Leger and Ascot ide Stakes are finally reminded that the forests must be paid before 11 o'clock this morning otherwise they will be held liable for the whole stake of 25 nova and 20 sovs respectively 'the Wimmera acceptances must be declared to day. Entries for the Town Plate, Lancefield Handicap, and Hurdle Race are to be lodged with Mr A Johnston, the hon secretary), at Go clock this evening To day) Messrs W C Yuille and Co. NL will offer for sale, at their Newmarket yards, the Glenormiston and Bryan O'Lynn yearlings The to me number 12, and the private U Lyon lot comprise 21, inclusive of two and three year olds Amongst the Glenormiston lot the eyes of the connoisseurs will be directed to a bay filly, by Dr,; Cole Charude, a sister to Little Jack, a brown colt by WcllniL'ton-lleeswmg, und a bay colt by W ellington-I'lurgig, whilst in the Bryan O'Lynn contingent are conspicuous in chesnut filly by) St. Albans one Bill, a chesnut colt by Slanderer id bird, is brown it colt by Paris Evening Star (dam of Commotion, a brown filly, and sister to The Agent, and last!, but not least, a very strong and his; bay colt by Pana vening "star, the two latter two year olds There will also be offered the following racehorses -Coronet, All-hunt-, Ulric Ilutteiuick, t musician, and a two year old by Wild I agreement The sale commences at 2 o'clock Yesterday was the time of declarations for the Newmarket Handicap and Australian Cup, and it will be seen that 30 have been left in the short distance race, and 21 in the Cup. Last year there were also JO acceptors, every one of which started for the Newmarket Handicap, with 19 acceptances and 12 starters for the Australian Cup There is likely to be, therefore, a stronger held for the long list nee handicap, All day yesterday the front of the 1Í.6 offices in Bourke street, was crowded by sporting people eagerly scanning the list of some chairs The following were yesterday's scratchings for the Newmarket Handicap First Light, Squirrell, Duke of Athol, beans, Islander, Silver King, Lady Bell, St (Mille, Mayhew, Prince Patrick, The Levite, Liverpool, Winchester, condition, lies His, Honeydew, Sister Unite, All Cold, Maroondah, Lvie, Merrimu, Claptrap, Ironmaster, Childe Harold, and Monte Christo The withdrawals from the Australian Cup yesterday were Welcome Jack, Mentmore, Dilution, Uralla, Childe Harold, Kit Nubbles and Hunter. The following additional scratchings were posted at the V R C office yesterday - 111111 trials, Acme, Ptolemy, Neophyte, Volcano, Guntawang, Again, Lurlinistina, Claudian, Lkieksimth, ironstone, Pensive colt, Target Hill, Beelzebub, Donald, Annie 1 Arthur, IJullerin, Yule Cake. Cable, Lady Heslop, Dividend, Mainsml, Kenneth, First Consul, Newmerella, West W mil, Menotti, Damocles, Gadfly, Utopia, Progressive, This year, Augur, 'I loan, Vlplia, dispose, st Julian, Clara, Success, Mt 1 Mr, Crosse, and Rosamond out of the Ascotvale Stakes , I fellmonger, Maroondah, Mugnilici hole, versus, Monte Christo, Lennox, Hexham, Bagman, large, Cairo, Childers, 1 wins the, School Girl Discord, The Pencil, Crew, Waiting Maid, Lord) Grenville, First Uaneur, t clarendon, Liner, Cardigan, 1 Fitzgerald, First Chester, The Dodger, Hoon, Beaudesert, Lady Claudia, Sunny) Days, Peitliivnte, M I nee-, Gertrude, out of the St. Leger, Monte Christo, Percussion, Maroondah, leriiBide, 'I've Pencil, Kings Own, Cardigan, Abttet, Clarendon, Sunny Dos, Ruins Metal, out of the Champion Stakes, finish! Hld Chin, Duration, Monte Christo, Matchlock, Uralla, W electic Jack, and J bon), out of the Essen don Sinkt s, Mentiiioie, Discard Kohat, Monte Christo, Matchlock, Uralla, Welcome Jack, Grace Darling, Winchester, and heavy dew, out of the Brunswick stakes , Blondin and Kenneth, out of the Hopeful Stakes , Kuball, outer tlieAiituiiiiiliandicipand lice Handicap, Trot on and LaCrosse, out of the Sires' Produce Stakes , Coronet, Stafford, Mistake, The Ghost Merman, 11, Ad vance, Vanguard, 'thunderbolt, Seaweed, Preston, and The Pencil, out of all engine ments One of the most handsome, valuable, and useful race trophies ever raantitaetured in Australia is now on view at Drummond and Co's, Collins street. It consists of a dinner and tea service in silver, comprising a soup tureen, four vegetable dishes, a spirit stand and three decanters, a dozen dessert knives and forks, teapot, coffee pot, sugar bowl, cream ewer, and hot water urn The trophy has to be run for in connexion with the Isis ford Jockey Club, "Queensland, in the month of June Messrs Blackler and Aldiitlge'a j yearlings arrived yesterday afternoon from Adelaide by the Victorian 1 They are to be sold by Messrs -Ullleiind Co at Newmarket, on Wednesday and Monday, the 3rd and the of March the amateur touts mustered d in great force on the Flemington training grounds earl) je. terday morning, in the expectation of picking up Newmarket Handicap, Australian Cup, and other information Nor were the) disappointed, a number of genuine gallops taking place in the space of a couple of hours One of the best six. furlong spins was that accomplished by Blairgowrie and Chesham, the distance being covered in all 2183, whilst Philip Augustus and Trident compassed the same journey in In) 235ft, the going, >t should be men. tioned, being very heavy Marie Louise, Mainsail, and Dividend accomplished sir. furlongs in his 2,is Matchlock und Galatea went a round of the wind in 2m 33s and Tarpeia girl five furlongs in lm DJs Quintin Matsep burly distinguished himself 111 a mile spin the result of which caused him to advance to ICIO to l for the great short distance handicap Moonshee had a good strong round but most interest was centred ill ii two mile gallop accomplished by Winchester and Liverpool, inasmuch as the latter had the best of it, though the performance was some what discounted by the fact that the Australian Cup favourite had to travel on the outside with rather the worst of the weights thrown in 'the Israelite O'Brien up), Dunlop (Walker), and Nepieulhna (Gough) were sent in company over six furlongs, and at half a mile the last named was beaten, whilst Dunlop defeated the Uleliude horse by half a le lgth in for 20s Joanna, however call) sed tins for, with l Cracknell in the saddle, she covered six furlongs in 1m 20s. Napier went a mile in 1m IS ; but he had his shoes off borrow it was treated to a fast two miles, and pulled up nearly Another capital as furlongs was done by St John is stated by Islander, in 1m 21s mail Msddclma spurted like an arrow over a similar distance Of many other horses on the ground it was noticed that Ktf"m»M and Honeydew were both mining slowly 9 Yesterday afternoon visitors to the training ground had their first peep at Mtlutv since his annual from Ingliston sale offers son of St. Albans who looked remarkably well and muscular though decidedly on the big side, was sent twice round the track first at a canter and then at an improved pine Koliu vessels sent in "and. working gallop and Sardius and Affluence bat n o child of useful rounds I more and Cerise and Blue were started 1 for a live furlong spin, and the former, with Goal in the saddle won by a couple of lengths in 1m. 8s W WDIIYII 12 ICING CLUB The following are the weights for the above meeting which takes place on Friday, the 5th of March - 40's To it-User Xatilcr 10 IS Further 10-12 Unsworth 10 in Inelestdea 10 7 lb St. lb ' Despatch 0 12 I left II 8 bioniiGIrl ' 7 Mar jula 1 0 News Agent 9.0 millenium HANDICAP Of 40 Sovs About one mile and a half st. lb st lb Sale scr S 4 Leporello . 7 0 veronique 7-12 6 burner 7 4 61 it's worth 7 15 LuGree U 4 linley bee i 7 11 HING HANDICAP.!', Of Osois Six furlongs st lb st Hi Sorcerer 8 7 I LoporoIIo 7 6 Gold Top t 33 Land League '. 9 V ftonique 8 1 Gashurner 7 7 Lhitswortli 8 1 Hen 7 7 First I op 7.10 to Omeo (I 7 M Dear 7.10 I Esmond 0 7 6 Tow n s Handicapper A VIOLET TOWN RACING CLUB (BY rtLLci-im FROM OUR ConiiEsroVDENr ) Bl MALLA, .UUICSDW the following nominations have been received for the Violet Town Races, which take place on 10th March - ILlIliG STAKES, Of 15 sovs Six furlongs Geraldine Redbank W mine Inverell Gentle Annie Cjiuro MOI U DOWN MAN DIED, OF losers One mile and a quarter Geraldine W is John Ci turn IAKMIRS rider Of 40 Sovs One mile "verton Werribee Darkie inverell Monsieur Dawn Dandy , CLUNES RACING CLUB MELENG (13. 'ItLEGItAril FROM OUR COItRLsIOSDIM ) CLUNl S Tnbusuu "The annual meeting came off to day on the farm s course at Birch's Creek, and was very successful There was a large attendance, (Good racing, and the weather was excellent Results are appended - Handicap Hurdle Rice, of 12 sons , about two miles- King of the forest lost 5lb (Clare) J Allen late 1st (0 Oliver) 2 Bracelet lOst (Goo lie) ) six run lies ewell Selling Stakes of 30 sons one mile and a half - boisterous (G obier) 1 Little Dot - Hum l lad J Inform lime, 2d less for sleep I Ij lug Stakes of 12 sons four furlongs, Pretender Sat Jib 1 boisterous 8st 4lb 2 Little Dot, Hit 4lb, S sent" a" won by half a neck Time oi'jS District W Ebor Handicap of 5 sons one mile and a bad -bracelet in list "lb. (c, senior) 1 Happy Jack, 10st 10lb (Mr Jenkins) . Nipper, beat, J Curran Time, 2m 55s Clunes Handicap, of 6 Sovs , one mile and a half -Lenore Sst (It Home) 1 Tait 8st 10lb (It Horton) 2 Antelope, 7st 7lb (Whelan) ! six run time and less Distance Handicap Trot, of 30 sons about three milos-loniniv, Mr behind (Wilson jun ) 1 Wooroonooke 100yds (Owner) 2 Duel, has yds (Owned) by W started GO this IN G SELL OF THE" riOV W M'CULLOCUS G111A110UNDS We have to announce the disposal of the important kennel of greyhounds belonging to the Hon W M'Culloch constituent on his removal to Riverina. The sale is to be held early in March, and will be one of the most notable ever held in Australia. Mr McCulloch was about the first to introduce coursing in Victoria suite which he has spared no expense in the importation of the best blood of the old country, whilst June trier in the held and as a breeder has completely put other coursers in the Blind" These facts will, no doubt, be born in mind on the day of sale, which is absolute and unreserved The puppies are the latest and most promis- ing lot ever seen in the Glenroy kennels Complete catalogues will shortly be issued by Mr John Munday the auctioneer cTTinviTT Kew High School v ha, s College -A cricket match between the first elements of the kew Hill School and Kin. i, Colk "e was played on Tuesday, which resulted in an v story for the former on the first innings by W runs the scores being, King, s College ii, Kew High School 1 J The chief scorers for the Highest hool wire-cutters ft, "motherly V ounce 22 AUop 3 and 4 inches. 15 and for king's College I order all 1 Gordon obtained 11 and 6 respectively A one was the most successful boiler fertile Every High School, obtaining seven wickets for 17 runs Me bourne v Richmond - e, non players match between the above yards will take place to lay, and members of both teams are requested I to be on the, round early, so that t la) may be commenced at 11 n m sharp the Melbourne team will comprise Messrs ioun.ii!in (two) May Trails laincll, bond Oesiiicl MCnlloih Downer brown but bell indicating I lemon liam- Nicholls, Letter so I will farmer, I must faces M Master Scott, Arundel Cal bury, George Thomson, Henry flowers an 1 skinner s MCC v Mornington (1) -This was played on a nine day, and resulted in a win for the MCC on the lost volumes b) 7 runs, the scores being .loriilli.lon 72 till C "II for the visitors Home to uni altruism in i le double figures to) be taker's wickets for 19 runs Little eight wickets t r 2s. for the last C Mice li ideas Ladies lil an! I Mice 10 in Merlin toils second innings eight wickets fell! for 21 r ma VICTORIAN B0WLIM.~ASS0G1A 1 ION' The first run for the Record denies primes was play d on Weilne dal and re cited as under - West Melbourne beat South Melbourne st but is nail a well over against West brighton Carlton beat knew it to be at Albert park I economy had a will over against Houghton Richmond Union tent North Fitzroy N le team beat William town Melbourne beat Hawthorn Hie secretaries met in the evening, and drew too next round which is as under - 1 returned plays 1 Fitzroy) at Carlton Green St Kilda plays llieliliiouil Union st Richmond Green Melbourne ) fix a \ stock i at Fitzroy (green C ii lion a la) a West Melbourne at St Kilda Green I n the event of a tie one end more to be played the matches are to be played on Wednesday March 6 at a quarter publishers secretaries of win Both, clubs to meet at the London to earn at 8 o'clock the same evening. to make the next drill Thor II A will also meet at the same time and a lad to make arrangements for the next intercolonial match at Sydney) Hit ' Moss To Union! d Committee held a meeting on Thursday evening when it was determined that the presentation should take place on the Victoria green on entirely March 15 at halfpast S A match 12 old players Futurist 2 Australians will be played at half ] a t J All clubs Inline mat lies on for that are to be asked to postpone them so as to insure on the occasion a general tethering of the bottling eo_imimtl)____ PI DLSI1UANISM REMINGTON HANDICAP The above event will be brought to a conclusion this afternoon. The first heat will be started at 3 o clock The follow big is the draw - SECOND ROUND First Heat P J Davies 12yds J Morns, 12 yds , J Raison, 12yds L Currie Uvils Second Heat-H I Learniuau, 0 yds, S "H Bin lull, U yds 1 Rider, H jds Third Heat-C. Harrison, UJds D M Leslie, 20 yds I Donnellan 14 y (Is Fourth Heat-H R Dickson 10 yds, J F, Sherritt 9yds, R B Wauchope 12yds. BICYCLING " The hon. secretary of the Melbourne But) the Call is in receipt of a letter! from the suburban Club Sydney, signifying their intention of sending eight or less to compete at the Melbourne Bicycle Club race meeting to be held on March 23 The names of the rulers are Messrs. Chas R Wood, R M Evans, Curnow K. Hughes Paton J Dean Hamilton and R Moyse besides 1 season from the Wanderers Club In all probability the Sydney Bicycle Club will like li as Bend a good team sPOts INTTThLLGItAM (litoM OUR CoiiKLsioN-iiNi ) BENALLA Tiiuitsiuv Mr O'Connell, the hon secretary of the Benalla Cricket Club, has received a reply from Mr Wardill!, the secretary of the Melbourne Cricket Club, with reference to arranging a match with the English team Mr W Ardill requested the local club to offer a sum as a guarantee, and it has been decided to offer £100 for a two days match provided it is played either in November the first week in December, or in the latter half of 1 February. 