FALLEN FORTUNES. By TAMES PAYN, Author of ' Lost Sir Missingberd,' ' Walter's Word,' etc. chapter xvii. — to re, or not to be? { Continued. I It is not so easy as some philosophers would persuade us to look certain death in the face for months, and yet retain our equanimity, fvpn whpn our friends are assisting us to do so ; but to play the hypocrite to those nearest and dearest to us, while our inward eye is fixed upon the gaping grave, is a rSIe beyond that of most actors. From what he had already ex perienced, Dalton, at all events, was well con vince that such a sustained effort was beyond his powers. If the thing was to be done, it was not only best but necessary to do it quickly. Up™ one thing Dalton had long made up his m?nd — namely, that the catastrophe should not ta'te place beneath the roof which he still called his home. The improbability of his decease beiic; attributed -to his own hand would, he jus:ly concluded, be increased by its occurence at a time when he was a guest on a visit of pleas-ire ; and though this was hard upon the Camp lens, his necessities were such that he niu-t needs l-e hard on some ore. Their home woi'.d \n iiLtde hateful to Edith and the girls, vr ;re it in »de the scene of such a tragedy ; where is the folks at Riverside would soon get over it. He pictured to himself, with some thing like a smile, how his hostess would inveis»h aiiiinst him for his want of considera tioi lor her feelings, if she could have looked into hi-; mind at this moment. Would it have a go-*! or a bad effect, he wondered, upon her p isitiin ' in the county ?' It would certainly give tlir; house a temporary interest, and if his gi-ist Kho.ild be reported afterwards to *' walk' t*i^rj. tr.'en quite a flavour of antiquity. He di I n .1 li-^isve in ghosts walking, yet the fancy wii s-i'ficient to set his mind speculating on th; n -s-i'-i 'i w of his discontented spirit being a virz uf what was going on in the world after rs d -parture. Would it be cognisant of the f .tare of those dear to him, and note their tf «'Uile*, without the capability of giving them ai I ? their dangers, without power to warm tie n ? If he feared for himself at all, it was u » n ?'!!?; ;.c*M:int. If was surprising, even to fa 'li-e'f. Ji »'.v little he was affected hy those mit -ri i! teir.irs, in the reality of which he had ben l-r'-n^ht up to believe ; how much his ma- 1 s'ill dwelt upon this world, though he stsu-l upon the brink cf the other. Though his thoughts wandered so wildly and so far, they always returned, as doves to a dove-cot, to one small and insignificant topic —namely, as to when and where this thing should be enacted. The means, which had hitherto been his great difficulty, were now obtained ; and he had but to fix time and place. What scene, what hour, was the best fitted— or rathei, the least unfit, — for the final catastrophe ? Should it be next morning in, tre library ?— to which he was still wont to re tire after breakfast, upon pretext of business, though all s-ich occupation for him was gone. la lhat case, Holt would probably be the first to find him, dead. Then he would tell Camp den, and Campden would tell Julia, and Julia would have to break it to Edith. That would be the best plan, if he could only be sure that Hull -oould find him. But suppose Edith should look in upon him, under pretence, as often happened, of choosing some book to read with Tony, but in reality, as he well knew, to give him a silent caress, or whisper a word of comfort in his ear — why, that would kill her. And again, if it should happen in the smoking room, when the others had gone to bed, and he was all alone, save for that Creator into Whose vissable presence, perchance, he was about to precipitate himself, would not Edith be the person who would come and look for him, \- alarmed by his absence, and apprehensive, perhaps, of the very horror that had actually taken place ; apprehensive, but not, alas ! ^prepared for it ; so that the sudden shock would leave his children not only fatherless, but orphaned ! In the unhappy frame of mind he was now in, the man could, and did, picture to himself the event under a score of circumstances, to every one of which there was an objection, upon the same ground : in none was it certain that the catastrophe could be. broken to his wife without danger of the most fatal conse quences. If she had been in her usual health, he could have trusted to her paramount sense .of duty to preserve her under the worst dis _asters ; her first thought, when nature permitted her to think, would have been for the children 'that -were still left to her, and for their sake she would have borne up — and lived on. But * fS it was, enfeebled by her condition, and dready depressed by misfortune, it was only I oo probable that she might not have the - jower to rally from such a sudden blow, at i ill. i It was curious -that not till after he had pro- I josed and rejected many schemes, did the i bought strike him, ' Why should I net do it ] now ?' Except for that dark spot, within a j Jiin ribbon of dark cloud above it, on the dis :ant mere, there was no sign of movement of - ife about him. It was unlikely that he should - ;ver find himself more alone than at that very ] notnent Save for the dull roar of the rapid i river, hundreds of feet beneath him, and for : Lhe distant tinkle of a sheep-bell from the valley he had just left, not a sound broke the surrounding silence. If it is ever easy for a man in health and vigour to lie down and die, it was easy for him to do so now. If ever circum stances can be said to be in favour of such a deed, they were so now. If an opportunity was ever afforded for a man to kill himself— yet to seem to others to have died in the course of nature — it was offered to him now. He looked into the future — not the future of the next world, even yet — and all things seemed to suit with bis fell intent. He had just been to his doctor to consult him about a supposed heart disease, and the doctor had as good as con firmed his own expressed suspicions that such a mischief was at work. ' I should not myself be surprised,' he had said, ' if I was to hear that you had suddenly dropped down dead.' It was true that this had been wrung from him, after much pressing — by what lawyers term ' leading questions' — but Curzon had not probably been aware of it ; and even if he had been, when the thing had happened, he was certainly not likely to eat his words. He had but to repeat them, and there would be surely no occasion for any post mortem investigation. The path by which Dalton had reached the summit of the crags was very steep, though it had, in fact, put him but very little out of breath, and its ascent might easily be credited with having cost a man affected with a heart-disease — and who had been found dead on the top of it — his life. If the doctor had any doubts — if the merest scintilla of suspicion could be called such — he would certainly give them, for all reasons, in favour of 'Death from natural causes.' Daiton had parted from him, if not in high spirits, still with perfect cheerfulness ; and if he shewn despondecy at any period of the interview, it had arisen, apparently, from his suspicions regarding his own health. Upon the whole, it seemed that Dalton's expedition of that morning had produced for him a most important witness. There was indeed the absence of the laud anum from the bottle to be accounted for ; but that could be effected in two ways. Dalton could either take a draught of it, and then break the bottle with the rest of its contents in his pocket, when the breakage would be ac . counted for by his fall ; or, having drunk what was necessary to effect his purpose, he could fill up the bottle with water trom a little spring that was close at hand. . The doctor himself had stated that he had sold him laudanum enough ' to kill half the parish,' so that a very moderate quantity would suffice for his pur pose. As for the Afterwards — be would pre sently be missed at home, and sinee he had moored the boat on the right bank of the river, it would be guessed that he had crossed over into Sanbeck, probably with the intention of rnllinfr at the doctor's : the verv man would. therefore, be at once communicated with on whom he mainly relied for the final safecon duct of the affair; while in the meanwhile, time would allow of misgivings and appre hensions, which, however painful in themselves do somewhat break, to those who entertain them, the shock of calamity. The house, though at some distance, was full in his sight, in which all the degrees of suspense and wretchedness — uneasiness, dismal foreboding, and despair — were about to be inflicted by bis own band on those he died to benefit, yet he gazed on it with apathetic eyes. Death .was so near to him, that feeling was already dulled by its icy presence. It was more mechanically than, as before, of resolute desitm, that be now kept his back turned to the moorland lake — where the black speck was growing larger every moment, which was the steam- yacht Mary, bringing his unsuspicious dear ones home — and took the laudanum from bis pocket He had a flask fitted with a drinking-cup, and into this he poured sufficient, as he judged, of the deadly drug to effect his purpose : placing this upon the turf, he substituted water from the spring for the liquid taken from the bottle, and replaced the same in his pocket. Then all was indeed ready. It was astonishing even to hi.uself, how steady was his hand as he raised the fatal draught to his lips. If the claim of Socrates to philosophy, reflected he grimly, rested only upon his calmness in taking the hemlock, John Da] ton was as good a philosopher as he. He had 'done' his think ing in this world, for good and all, and was wholly occupied with the matter in hand ; he only indulged himself in one surmise — which was likewise Socratic — How long would the poison take to work ? Would he fall at once into a deep sleep ? Would he feel pain ? Then he drank it off very quickly, and to the last drop — after which he carefully washed out the drinking-cup, and returned it to its proper place. As he did so, it suddenly occurred to him that bis ' breath,' and then mentally cor rected his mistake, with a smile that was very like a shudder—that his mouth would smell of poison. He remembered that in many cases of suicide the fact was at once discovered by this simple means, and yet he had almost forgotten to take so ordinary a precaution. He now wetted his lips with a little wine from his flask, and took out bis cigar-case. ' The wine and the tobacco together,' thought he coolly, ' will surely overcome the scent of the laudanum. But in selecting his cigar, his hand trembled excessively, for the case from which he took itt had been his wife's gift, and . was embroidered by her own fingers. Almost everything that John Dalton had, of a handy or luxurious sort had been given him upon one or other of his birthdays by his wife or children, and he was wont to use them as a matter of course. But now, as be was leaving his Edith for ever without look or word of farewell, the touch of the silken flowers that she had woven for him, sent a pang to bis heart so keen and vivid, that he almost doubted whether it might not be already due to the poison he had swal lowed. When he put the case away, however, the pain went with it, and he sat down, on the turf, and began smoking his cigar. If be had stood up a few minutes longer, he would prob ably have been seen by those on board the yacht, which had by this time left the mere,, and was speeding home between the river banks. As it was, they came on — the young people still at their jests and games — opposite to, and immediately under the very crag where Dalton sat. He heard them, or heard something that seemed to mingle with the murmur of the river, and yet was not of it ; and dimly curious — for his mind was clouded, and his senses only half obeyed his will — would have risen to see what it was ; bis limbs, however, were numb and nerveless, and in the attempt to get npon his feet, he fell, and rose no more. 