CLIPPINGS. According; to recent advices from London, the'refined silver from Silverton fetches at the present time in the Eng lish market 4s. 2d. per oz., or 3|d. more than the ruling quotation for standard silver. The number of working men in Eng land and Wales is 7.706.545. These are employed in about 280 different branches of work. Of the religious bodies and societies which employ paid workers, the Salvation Army is numerically first, em ploying 1,400 women as preachers and missionaries. Among the exhibits at the crazy-quilt showin New York is one made by a soldier of pieces taken from the uniforms of distinguished officers to the number, of 8,700 pieces, and which required two and a-half years to make. It is valued at £1,600. One quilt is made of 17,000 pieces. The following description of the Queen as she appeared when recently open ing Parliament in given by a Lon don paper:-"If one may venture to describe the person of a Sovereign in terms applicable to common humanity one would say a Bhort lady much shorter than one had thought ana of very mas sive proportions. The eye was dazzled by all the brilliance lying about her, but one would say a lady with a large motherly face full of color and a most determined expression, seeming much younger than one knows her to be. She is dressed in black with white lace and veil, a coronet of diamonds on her head, while, what is apparently a necklace of diamonds flashes at every moment, and below it the Kohinoor on her breaBt seems to throw out great beams of light. When she reaches the centre of the steps j the Princess Beatrice, in rich dark crim son, is there to take her hand and con duct her to the throne. She seats herself, the train bearer humbly approaches, and with immense deliberation arranges her voluminous drapery over the arm of the Royal chair; then another ghost-like servitor in black ascends the steps, crouching low, with the gilded footstool, which he places in position, and still crouching almost to the ground dis appears. Then all the company sit. 