TO Wis7 TALK. Renter telegraphs that M.M. Zanoff and Karavelow, who formed a provisional Go vernment in Bnlgaria after deposing Prince Alexander, have in turn been hnried from power by M. Stambouloff, leader of the reactionary party, and Zanoff and a number of his followers have been arrested. M. StambonloS has proclaimed martial law throughout the conntry, and has appointed M. Mntkuroff commander of the army, with full powers. Prince Alexander's movements are still untraceable.5 In"? the House of Commons on TuesdayJMr Parnell formally moved an amendment ron "the address in reply,' . 'in favor of suspending evictions in Ireland during the coming winter, and warned the Government that their announced 'policy, would, if "enforced, in evitably lead to serious disorder in that country. By the bursting of a dam near Mandalay, in Burmah, many houses were inundated and 1000 persons were drowned. The Anglican bishopric" of Melbourne has been offered to the Rev. G. Austin, Rector of Whitby, Yorkshire, but his reply has not yet been received. In the Legislative Assembly last evening Mr Bevien asked thB Minister of Agricnltnre what the Government intended doing in the matter of the replanting of vines in this district, subject to the restrictions recom mended by the Phylloxera Board ; and Mr Dow, in replying, shielded himself by pointing out that the Board had not definitely recommended replanting, and that a deputa tion representing nine-tenths of the vignerons of the colony had protested against the desired permission to replant being given. Mr Levien considered the reply moBt unsatisfactory, and moved the adjourn ment of the House, but, although he was supported by Messrs Rees and Munro, the House was evidently unfavorably dis posed towards Geelong and its grievances, and the motion was, after a brief debate, formally put and negatived. Mr Gillies, in answer to Mr Bnrrowes, explained that he had temporarily undertaken the duties of Minister of Mines, but that he would take an early opportunity of obtaining the opinion oi the House as to the advisability oE ap pointing another Minister. After some progress had been made in committee with the principal Irrigation Bill, the Honse rose. A meeting of gentlemen interested in holding the annual Hospital Snnday collec tion took place in the mayor's room at the Town Hall yesterday afternoon. The ohair was occnpied by the Mayor of Geeloug (Aid. Sommers), and there were present—the Rsvb. J. Toms, 0. An« thony. J. Barningham, and Messrs D. Crawconr, Dickins, E. Sharp, end W. Wood, Apologies were made for the absence of the Revs. R. C. .Flockart and J.. Sinclair, and Messrs Christopher and Peters. The hon, secretary {Mr W. Wood) stated that the Metbonrne people had arranged to hold the colleotion on the 4th Sunday in October,viz., the 24th. On the motion of Mr Wood, se conded by the Rev. Mr Tams.it was decided to have the annual collection for the Hospi tal, ladies' Benevolent Association, and Homcoopathic Dispensary in Geelong and district made on the 24th October, It was decided that the moneys col lected should be divided as last year, the1 third of the town collections' to be given to the Ladies' Benevolent As sociation, and the remaining moneys to he distributed pro rata on the amount of the subscription listB of the previous year. The following were appointed as a oommittee to carry ont the proceedings:—Rev. Canon Chalmers and Mr Steedman : Rev. D. A. Macdougall and Mr James Campbell ;Rev. R. C. Flockart and Mr T. Peters ; Rev. P. P. Strickland ; Rev. J. . Sinclair and Mr Sach; Ten. Archdeacon Slattery and Mr D. O'Brien ; Rev. J. Toms and Mr W. Gurr ; Rev. D. Badger and Mr Thos. Nicholla ; Mr D. Crawconr, Mr Christopher, Rev. C. Anthony and Mr E. G. Diokina ; Rev. J. Barningham,'. the 1 Captain of the - Salvation Army, and Mr Sharp. The Mayor was appointed hon. treasurer, and Mr W, Wood hon. secretary. On the motion of the Rev. Mr Toms, votes of thanks were passed to the ex-mayor (Cr. Martin) and Mr Wood. The annual examination, for results, of the Bamganie State school was held on Wed nesday last by Mr Inspector Stewart, when the school attained the very high percentage of 91.304, with the following excellent report :—"The classification is good. The progress is very good. All the classes have passed an excellent examination. The penmanship throughout the school is highly satisfactory. The programme is observed, and the scholars show a satisfactory acquaintance with it. I am much pleased with the work done during the past year. The discipline is very good, and the records are correctly and very neatly kept." The head teacher, Mr Michael Clanchy (son of Mr John Clanchy, Brian Boru Hotel, Moorabool-street), must feel proud of his success as a teacher, having last year ob tained a similar excellent report, with a per centage of 95.833. A meeting of the finance oommittee of the Town Counoil was held in the town olerk's office last evening, there being present Aid. Strong (in the chair), and Crs. Humble and Martin. A letter from the town clerk of the borough of Newtown and Chilwell, whioh had been referred from the counoil, requesting the payment of the Kardiuia Park anbsidy, was read, and after some discussion it was agreed that the mayor be requested to place an ordsr on the notice paper, ao that members of the council would be able to deal with the matter at their next ordinary meeting. Accounts amounting to £125310a lid were dnly considered and passed for payment, after which the meeting closed. A rather painful scene was witnesaed at the Police Court yesterday morning, when a Mrs Ellen Coogan applied for an order to bind her husband, with whom she had shared the vicissitudes of life for nigh on 30 years, to keep the peace towards her. Coo gan, who had been arrested for threatening her life, was defended by Mr Vining, and Mr M'Cormick appeared for the petitioner. Mrs Coogan stated that the prisoner had of late treated her very cruelly, and on Monday had threatened to shoot her. On another occasion he had said he wonld smash in her head. She was very much afraid ho would put some of the threats into execution. On the 17th March last he had struck her [ several blows on the face, and she feared that he would hurt her children, who had sometimes interfered to protect her. In answer to Mr Vining, witness stated that she and the prisoner had several times had words, and on one occasion she had taken up a brick to defend herself. Michael Coogan, son of the applicant and prisoner, gave evidence that he had been obliged to sit up the whole of Sunday even ing to prevent the prisoner from carrying his threats into execution. On Monday he als0 remained at home for the same purpose. As far as he knew, his mother had never done anything to provoke the cruel and violent conduct of prisoner. Mounted- constable Mulcahy, In reply to "the bench (Messrs Sommers, Tully, and Hensley), stated that the .family,.which resided at Lara, was a most respectable one, and that the prisoner had caused them considerable trouble by his conduct. He drank very little, but was of a sullen, moody temperament, his chief failing, however, being violent and bad language. The magistrates evidently thought that the man was not quite sane, and after some discussion remanded him for one week for medical treatment. Another equestrian race has been arranged i to take place next Monday week. It is between Mr Dalton's raeehorse Barney, and Mr Yates* Mnsidora, both animals being , well-known on the tnrf in this district. The trial of speed will be over five hurdles, and the' distance to be rnn is one mile. The j match is for £20 a-aide, and it has already created a little interest in sporting circles. I It is not'nnlikely that Lubra, the winner of the race against Alert on Tuesday last, will be baoked to defeat another local horse. | At six o'clock last evening the only nomi nation paper in the hands of the depnty returning officer for the South Western Province was that of the hon. F. Ormond, M.L.C. The formal declaration of the | nomination for the vacancy in the reprasen- * tation of the province in the Legislative | Connoii will be made at noon tD- day. A very satisfactory dividend baa been declared by a new oompany, entitled the Sydney Refrigerating Company, about one third of the interest in whioh is held by a number of Geelong business men. The second half-yearly meeting of the company was held in Sydney on Friday last, when a dividend of 40 per cent, per annum waa declared. Among tbo ©vonls to do ooopcwu for id tho athletic sports gathering at the annnal piouio of the members of the Victorian Railways Annnal Mntnal Benefit Society, at Queenscliff on the 25th September, will be two for the fire brigades connected with the Railway department. They are for fonr and six men respectively: the fonr to rnn with carriage 75 yards, fix hydrant, etc. ; and tho six to rnn 100 yards and perform the usual work with hose. Teams representing the brigade of the local railway station have decided to compete, and they are now practising each evening in the station yard and are showing very good form, and expect to be able to make a very oreditahle exhibi tiou in the competitions. There was again a capital attendance at the mission service in the Mechanics* Insti tute laBt evening. After the usual hymns by the choir, an impressive address was preached by Dr. Guinness, who took for his text Second Corinthians, 4th chip., 18th verBe " While we look not at the thing# whioh are seen, bat at the things whioh are not seen, for the things which are seen Of* temporal, but the things whioh are not seen ore eternal." He contrasted Heaven and BTel{, quoting the words in which the infinite bliss of the one and the terrible punishment of the other are alluded to in the Scriptures. Their real nature was to us mortals incomprehensible, bnt he assured them that God did not exaggerate. Hell had been likened to a "lake that burns with brimstone and fire," 11 outer darkness,*1 and the " bottomless pit," bnt his opinion was that the in tensity of hell was made by the fuel—the remorse— that sinners took to perdition with them. He dwelt upon the promise that God wonld maintain His law, but though He could be eminently just He coald also be merciful— merciful, however, only to those who would acknowledge their unworthinees, and that they were deserving of condemnation. At an early stige of the evening's proceed ings, Mr Gurr announced that, as a result of the mission, it was intended to make an endeavor to reorganise the local branch of the Y.M.G.A. ; and that a number of young women were desirous of forming a Young Women's Christian Association, which would eventually become a branch of the Melbourne association. He recommended the young men and women to give their support to the movements, and to become members. .This afternoon a service will he given at three o'clock, and the mission will be brought to a conclusion this evening with a lecture entitled 11 Gospel Efforts at Home and Abroad." The fortnightly sitting of the Winchelsea Police Court had to be adjourned yesterday owing, to no justices putting in an appear* once. Some ten cases were Bet down for hearing, and in one case a solicitor journeyed from Colac, and a witness from Caxnperdown, only to hear the clerk of the court adjourn the business until the 9th prox. We may add that special business under the Licensing Aot demanding Mr Heron's presence at Colac yesterday was -the sole cause of the adjourn ment. The newspaper stands in the Free Library have been supplied with brass rods for the purpose of fastening the various papers in their assigned places. It is an improvement which was much required, as hitherto selfish visitors frequently monopolised certain journals, sometimes even taking them to the adjacent tables. A youth named William Edwards, aged 17 years, whose father resides in a lane off little Eyrie-street, was arrested yesterday afternoon by Senior-constable Mackey on a charge of having stolen eight pigeons, belonging to a lad named Henry Roberts, a resident of Argyle-street. The theft of the birds had been' reported to the police yesterday forenoon, and from enquiries made it was suspected that Edwards had com mitted it. The senior-constable observed the lad in Moorahool-street with a bag in his hand, the contents of which Edwards said were ferret3. He was induced to go back to his father's house, where an unsuccessful search for the TniBRing birds was made^ and then, when it was proposed to inspect the bag, young Edwards dropped it and ran away, but was soon caught. He violently resisted the senior constable, who found the stolen pigeons in the bag which he had been carrying. A second charge of aseanlting Senior-constable Mackey was preferred against the lad. The * following from the Charlton Tribune refers in very feeling terms to the death of Mr Charles Edward Bromley, who was formerly manager of the Bank of New South Wales in the * township of Charlton - — The many friends of Mr Charles Edward Bromley must have ex perienced a pang of regret on reading the announcement of his decease. On leaving Charlton a year or two ago, it was only too apparent that he was in delicate health, bnt a feeling of satisfaction was experienced by his many friends on hearing that he had been appointed to the Bank of New South Wales at Geelong, and the reports that have from time to time been received here, as to his improved, state of health, strengthened the hope that the invigorating sea breezes wonld thoroughly restore him, and ensure him a more lengthened existence than conld | be looked for in this arid climate. Bat it was not to be, and at the comparatively early age of 35 the unassuming, kind, gentlemanly Charles Edward Bromley has gone to that better land where ''sorrows cease from troubling and the weary are at rest/* For upwards of six years, the de ceased gentleman occupied the position of manager of the Bank of New South Wales in this town, with a courtesy which enabled him to say on leaving—"I am parting only from friends." On all and every occasion be willingly lent his aid to assist in the cause of charity, and those public demonstrations having for their object the benefit of our town. In the musical world of Charlton the loss of his magnificent tenor voice has been felt to be irreparable, he leaves a wife and several young children to mourn bis loss, for whom in their bereavement we feel the ntmost sympathy and which we are con vinced is shared by all. A sad case of murder and suicide occurred at Sydney on Wednesday night, when a woman named Mary Ellen Barker, residing in Darlington, first hanged her son, a lad 3 years of age, and' then hanged herself to a beam in an outhouse. She left a letter to the effect that she was tired of life, and that the deed was premeditated. As a practical protest against the attitude of the clergy of South Anstralia in connec tion with the Total isator Bill an agreement is being signed by a ntimber of wealthy residents in the south east not to subscribe anything towards tbe funds of those churches whose ministers have taken a prominent part in the present anti-totalisa fcor agitation, and the agreement is to be sent into the .Northern and other districts of the colony. The unemployed in Adelaide are imitating the example of : their Tic toiian fraternity, by making them selves troublesome to tbe Government. A number of tbem assembled ontside Parliament-bouses on Wednesday, and there was a little groaning when the Premier passed in. This was referred to in tbe House, and the Premier stated that if the corpora tion did not enforce their bye laws, he would bring the question of preventing such gatherings before Parliament. At a meeting of the council of the Tic torian Rifle Association held on Wednes day evening it was decided to invite the New South Wales association to consider a proposal to hold the intercolonial contest this year in Tasmania. It was originally arranged (says the Argus) that this year's contest should be in Queensland, but that idea has fallen through. A return was laid upon tbe table of the legislative Assembly on Wednesday from the Government printer, showing the present cost of printing and publishing Hansard, and giving an estimate for a daily issue. At present 945 copies of Hansard are issued weekly at an annnal cost of £1563, not including the cost of repoiting. If Hansard were issued daily, of the same number of copies, in a demy form, the daily cost would be £139 for 5000 copies, £162 for 10.000 copies, £216 for 20,000 copies, and £351 for 50,000 copies, in addition to which £200 worth of new type, and £5300 worth of machinery, would have to be provided. This estimate takes no account of the present cost of the reporting itaff of Hansard, which would have to be increased four-fold to transcribe in time for a daily issue of tbe speeches delivered Id Parliament. The Baliarat correspondent of the Argus remarks that numbers of ;taachers have left the Education^department of lace, owing to their preference for employment in other departments of the public service. A return compiled from authoritative sources gives the number of head teachers who left during the half-year ending June 30fch last at So— namely, 26 superannuated, 49 resigned, 6 dead, A dismissed. To replace these, 63 have been appointed, including 25 pupil teachers promoted. Of tho pupil teachers. 103 have gone away, 25 have been promoted, 62 have resigned, 13 have entered tbe training school, and Z are deceased. In their places 93 hare been appointed. The deficiencies are 22 beads or assistants, and 9 pupil teachers. This, with tbe staffs required for 49 new schools opened, 52 additional teachers, gives a total deficiency of 83 of ail grades for the half-year. Concerning ghoets and haunted houses, the experience of one of the members of tbe Seybert investigation committee is rather interesting..He is a professor at tbe Univer sity of Pennsylvania, and resides in tbe suburbs of Philadelphia. At a certain hour each day one of the windows of his bouse rattfsa quite violently, and] this .entirely independent of wind or weather. Naturally, the gentleman was considerably pnzeled at the phenomenon, for while there was abso Intely no visible cause apparent, each dAy brought this manifestation of activity on the part of his otherwise quiet window. He determined to discover the cause, and thought at once of the railroad which ran bnt a short distance from his home. He found, however, that no trains were in the vicinity at that time of day. The recurrence of the noise at precisely the same hour ao far impressed him with the belief that it must have a connection with some well-observed time-table, that he pushed his investigations farther, and included another railroad several miles distant. On comparing his observation with the train schedule, the significant fact was discovered that a heavy train passed a spot within two or three miles of the house at about the same time that the window rattled. Following this cine he examined the rock formations, and found that an outcropping ledge which received the full force of the train vibrations came to an end immediately under his window. This gave a satisfactory explanation of a phenomenon which, in the hands of a less investigative person, would have been sufficient foundation for a mild ghost story. A doable snicide of a somewhat extraor dinary character is reported from New York. Mr Adrian Cruey, a member of the Prodnce, Maritime, and Metal Exchanges, was formerly the agent of Messrs Caylas, Bechet, and Co., who traded in England, France, Germany, and the United States. Since the failnre of the firm he has been engaged in business on his own acconnt. He lived with a maiden sister, named Lucy, for thirty years in the same honse in a good part of the city. They were by race and religion French Catholics, the snrvivors of a family of eight. Both brother and sister were in good health, of fine appearance, and aged between fifty and sixty years. On Monday, the corre spondent of the Standard says, the servants reported to the police that they feared something was wrong. The police broke into Adrian s room, where gas escaped in suffocatiog quantities. The brother and sister were lyiug dead in adjoining beds. Each had fired an enormous ballet into the head apparently at the same moment; and it is snpposed that the gas had been turned on to make snre of death, if the shotshould miss fire. They left a written paper, dated Jnly Sth, in which they declared that their snicide was voluntary. Other writings were fonnd which contaiued minute memoranda regarding the disposition of their cash and property, the manner of their bnrial, and so forth. These papers also contained some touching personal souvenirs. There was no hint among them of any scandal or "any financial trouble. Apparently tbey were simply weary of life. On Jnly 4th they visited the graves of their relatives, which may possibly suggest the motive of these strange self -murders. The fascinated Englishman who is said to have followed about for ten years Bidel, the celebrated Hon.,tamer, and to have watched his every performance iu the expectation of witnessing the inevitable accident, has at length met with a part of his reward. A few nights ago (writes a London paper) Bidel was attacked and disarmed by his performing lion Sultan, who fourteen years ago signalised his arrival in Paris by killing a man. The brute stood over hia master and proceeded to get to work with his claws, when Bidel raised himself, and, getting welluoder Sultan, by an effort of almost superhuman strength hurled him off through the open door of a cage, which was promptly closed. It was found that the tamer had seventeen wounds ou his neck and shoulders'; but, notwith standing, be presented himself before the spectators, streaming with blood as he was, and proposed to continue the exhibition, and show that he and cot Saltan was really j master. This was, of course,.not permitted ; hut the performances have recommenced, and the Englishman, if he has not been released from the spell, will probably still have ample opportunities of studying the ways of performing lion?. The^uthor of the little story, " Goulbui Mary,* Mr J. 1^. Loekeyear. has written a interesting little sketch, we notice, in the Cell Herald, entitled " Wooing for Wealth." This evemnsr a grand entertainmex*t is to 1 given in the Exhibition Hal1 by the Geelor Ethiopian Troupe, in aid of the widow an orphans of the late Mr Thos. Thome. Tl minstrels have arranged a most excellei programme. In the parlor concert tl musical selections are of a varied and proml ing description, and in addition to comical!th by members of the troupe, there will 1 sketches and farces. A large attendance < the public is expected, so that seats should I secured during the day. An attractive torcl light procession will take place prior to. th entertainment commencing. Barkly Home, Mr Wm. Gurrs drape) establishment, in Moorabaol-street. will 1 closed to-day for re-marking the stock, but t' premises will bo re-opened to-morrow for t commencement of cash sales. It is announced in our advertising colum that Messrs Eohicson, Burns and Spam have reduced their rate of commission to per cent, on all sales of live stock at t Corporation yards, and at the Eyrie- stre sale yards. The firm named have a1 arranged to conduct sales of fat and stc sheep at the corporation yards erery Monda A meeting of the Geelong Literary Societ Union will be held in the Mechanics* Instill class room this evening. Nominations for the committee of the G< long Cricket and Football Club close to-day. 