old time theatricals. (Ooniintted) On New Year's day, 1844, the Theatre Royal was again opened. The following are copies .of two of the , " bills of the play " of the' period : — THEATRE ROYAL, MELBOURNE . This Evening, Saturday, January 20, 1844. ' . will bepresented the favourite drama, .'entitled . MICHAEL ERLE, THE MANIAC LOVER , or i.The Fair Lass of Lichfield Michael Erie .. Mr. Knowles GilUflovrer .. - Mr.Uapper Mary ... .. Mrs. Knowlea To conclude with a dramatic version of Mr. Charles Dickens'- story of NICHOLAS NICKLEBY Nloholiui Niokleby Mr. Alexand3r Ralph Niokleby .. Mr, Capper Squeers .. „ . Mr. KnowleB John Browdls w „ Mr. Winter Newman Noggs ... Mr. Miller Smike- .. .. . Mrs. Knowles Other characters by the- company. Doors open at Bix, -performances com- ' 1 mence at seven o'clock precisely. , PRICES AS USUAL. ROYAL VICTORIA THEATRE,' MELBOURNE. '- Immense Attraction First Night of .a- Drama of Intense \- ' Interest. The Two Faroes- at Hale Price. - This Monday Evening, Feb. 12, 1844. Will be presented for the first time in the colonies, a musical drama of --: great popularity, entitled- \- LOVE'S ' DREAM ' . or " ' ' Virtue Triumphant To be succeeded by the highly laugh-. , . able farce «f ... ,W H Y D I D Y O U D IB? To conclude with tiie Highly popular , .petite comedy in; one act of. T H E R I V AL P A G E S- . / Characters by the; company Prices of admission ir-Boxes, Four shillings, half price, Two shillings; Pit, Two shillings,- half price, One shilling; Gallery, One shilling, No half price. " Doors will open at six o'clock, curtain will rise punctually at seven. The reign of Mr. and Mrs. Knowles . having, come to an end, a change of management was intimated in the following notice, which . was placed ' throughout the. city : — Stheatreroyal, melDourne.. . : The ladies and.gentlem.en of Mel: ho.urne, its vicinity, and the public generally, are most; respectfully in formed that the.theatre.having under- - gone a thorough repair " in all, its. branches, ; Has Opened for the -Season. " ' It is confidently expected that the improvements and alterations ''-'that' liaVe Been effected at considerable': expense, will meet with the support And patronage of a generous public. Great care will be taken ; to, produce Sterling pieces of the . best authors, and novelties will follow each other in rapid succession. ; For the. purpose; of peace, order and regularity, there are a few rules' established,; and it is most " respectfully- announced to the patrons of the theatre that they will be strictly adhered to and enforced. , Smoking : on no account iq any part of the house'; to be tolerated, and it is supposed aucl, to , he-hoped, that the good sense of the audience will"be' sufficient to prevent a repetition of that annoyance which- has' hitherto been the subject of com- .plaint ' by 'every 'respectable person visiting the theatre. First appearance this season of Mr. KNOWLES. First time in the colony of the cele- : brated drama entitled the heait -of midlothian This (Thursday) Evening, August 15; 1S44 Will be produced for the first tune in this province— Dibdin Pitt's celebra ted drama, taken from" the work of Si r Walter Scott; and entitled THE HEART OF MIDLOTHIAN or ; , The Lily of St. Leonard's , John, Duke of Argylo .. . Mr. Alexander Staunton (Geordie Robertson) Mr. Batters Bavid Deans .. .. Mr. Capper Laird O'Dumbeedykes .. - - Mr Cameron Reuben Butler ... : Mr. Wray Saddletree .. .. " Mr Davles Ratclifle .. .. ... Mr. McMillan .Black- Frank Mr.-Burgfn Sharpitlaw ... .. . ... Mr. Miller . Margery. Hnrdochson Mr. Searle 'Queen of England .. . Mrs. Richards Effle Deans-- .. ' / -Mrs/Murray Jennie Denns ,. Mrs. Cameron Mrs. Glriss „ Mrs. Grove Madge Wildfire .. Mrs. Knowles Mrs. Balobristie . . .. . Mrs. Grpve' After which the favourite song - and chorus from "Jack Sheppard;" called N IX MY DOLLY PA L S To conclude witli. the popular melo- drama/entitled A HUSBAND AT SIGHT Characters by the company. «s: This Theatre will he opened ( until further notice) on -.the evenings of Mon day, Thursday, and Saturday: . The doora will be opened at half past six o'clock, and the curtain will rise at seven. - . Admission— -Boxes, 4s. half price, 2s. Pit, 2s;. half price, Is. Gallery, Is. . no half price. Half price to -Boxes and'Pit will commence at nine o'clock. The orchestra will be under the direction of Mr. Richards. " . The new act drop, proscenium and scenery have, been painted by Mr.' .Lightfoot, and the, interior of the ; 'House by Mr.. . Miller.- ... Special Notice— A few season tickets have - been -prepared, appli- -cations for which- are to' be made to . Mr. Cameron as earlyas possible. The season: which opened so prom ising on the 12th of, August, 1844, was -not a. propitious one, and soon ' came to an end. The Port Phillip Herald , Tuesday, . Sept. 10j-1844, thus alludes to the fact The Theatre— We regret to 'state that this place of amusement is again falling' into dis repute; -.through, mismanagement, and the'bad conduct of one of the actresses, who frequentiy appears on the stage in a state of intoxication. , On Satur day last no performance took place, in consequence of the Leader of the Band, refusing to go into the orchestra until his salary was paid him. As the "Ghost" did not walk— the Leader did off home. . ( To be continued. J , W.H.W. At : the age of eighty-seven the veteran dramatist Mrv J. A.- Herand is about to publish what lie announces will be his last poem, entitled, " The Sibyl- Among the Tombs." Many years ago,' he '.produced - a striking- composition with a strange title, : which will long be remembered in con nection with one of the most caustic , repartees which Douglas Jerrold ever "uttered. - " Have you seen my 'Des cent into Hell ?"'>. asked the poet, a few" days after its publication, "No," 'growled the wit, " but I should very ' mhch like to.". ,/ .. .' . -. - , .: » . -; Mr. Deane Brand and. Miss Kate Chard, b'otli well known ifi the' colon- " ies,- have been 'engaged by Augustus Harris for the production of ..a.j.neyv \- and original comic- opera by Hervfe at Drury Lane, next Autumn. ' 