D tA&t; ,wi?T said: "It in with narrow.-souled people ias with narrow-necked bottles; the les they havo to them the more vcoie they make in pouring it out." "' T nal's a pair of natural eliopere," ?aid aln old fisherm in, pointing to a ceuple of eels. " Wa'xrnT'S the difference between that timrid chill there an.la hipwrecked Tailoer ?" asked aycou glady of a oltd nea c.iptaiu. The captain gave it up, and asked for informoation. "?iWel?l," Yas the reply, "the diffcrenc. betwcen them is that one clings to its ma, and the other to its rsar." SArnt the young ladies of the prescnt, ticy\\+ . for wineee " asked a lecturer of hia audience. " Theylto r lit for huabands," repponded a feminine voice; "but the iloablc iN that .yoU 1i11l are not lit for wi\cls" Tlio appllauS?e was great, and eo wal the discomliture of the lecturer. " VYot help !" coornfully raid a young lady to her bcau, who had offe.:ded tier, but who offered to amiot, her across a brouokl. ".eYor iep lI'd s I' ona aerept the helpl of a? dtog! " "Wh'ic:h yon would gladly do," tveeklty replied the bean, "if you were drowning." A r·olnrot young widow, whoso husband had lately died, was visited by the miinister of the palir, who wa0s ignorant of her bereavement, and inquirel, as usual, after her hutiband'a health. " IIeCs dead, I thank you," wan the po ite reply. A cotne'CT'Jcn bigamist, on being asked what lie had to nay before srentence was pronounced upon him, lool:te around tihe court-roomn, and seeing three of his wilves glaring at him, fald, " Sicd me to prien, and lock out aloil intruders." As n man cannot avoid hin own company, he should try to make it as good oas possible. Tl'lrt mmnmiea are ovpposed to have belonged to tl, first families of Egypt. TVntA'T'thofavouritedancing top of gamblers? \--'The double- shiulfle. Witts can one oat crow?-- Whe b he has a raven-oun app' tite. "I wotlmnc what tnalses my eyes no weaok," naid a ftop to a gentleman. "' They are inl a weak )laoce, responded the latter. A cunIoShaT hunter would like to get some mons from the rock of a cradle, and a rafter from theroof of a mouth. AN o!d lady hearing como one say that tho mails were irregular, remarked: "It was just no in my young days--no trustivvgin any of 'cm.' I-low rapidly the coal in the bin becomes the coal thatt hah b:eu ! Arr impostor who complained of pinohing want, was informed that lie muot wanlt pinching. MlasN cannot expect to live for ever in this world, but the ladies always stay hero. ONre may htill time or drown his sorrowa, and yet not be guilty of murder. JotKES tare lile nuts-the dryer they are the better they crack. WVarV mu stlogio htavologo P Becaunoit stands to reasonll. " I ALI'A-s Sing to please myself," said a gon tleman who was lhuiinllllg il tune in company. " How nice it is to bo so easil[ypleased," responded a lady who tdht next to hih. Too wrote to John, from the country, that he was "constantly employed in breaking colts." Jolh wnroto in reply that all hie had to say about it was, " Save the pieces." AN Eng ish lady was much inconsed, on arriving in Caltti, cit beilg called a foreigner. " YI'oa lre mlistaken," said she, with freezing hauteur; " it ins !ll who are foreigners ; we arc IEnglish." "WHItAT a beautiful child that is of yours!" eai ahl old gentleman to a girl who was carrying t infant in her aru,. " It is not mline; it belongs to Fomne mother womaunv," wan the response. SA ot)tTINiLtr, who ,ns nccul;ed of sleeping ouv his watcll, trilumphavntly showed that his wiatch wins at the pawnbroker's at tihe very time of the alleged offerce. A ovAN being annoyed by the staro of a semti idiotic boy, petulantly exclaimecd: " You gaping fool! how long call one live without brains?" " I dutnlo," drawled the boy, " how long have you lived?' A 'Wt was awfully bored by a stupid flllow who persisted ill talking to hlil on natural history. ' There's the oyster," it last said the bore; " what's your notion as to the idea that tile oyster is possessed of reason ?" " I think it may be true,'"anidt the wit, " because the oyster knows enough to schut his noutth." " ALL wisdom in sorrow," said a stingy hus band to Ilia wife, whlo wanted him to bu:y the childron ai lot of new books. " Is that so ? " exclaimed the t wife; , " then wIhat a wretched nmanl /ou must be! ' The flattered husband not only bought the books, but goane hins wife money for her splring outfit. " I HAvan the reputation," said a silly fop to a bright young lady, " of having tihe softest lips that ever presced those of beauty.' " Indeed! " exclaimed the young lady, npoitanieoualy adding: " Then ns like as two chips roe your head and your lips." "IHow in it, P'ope," oaid Frederick, Prince of Wales, to the poet, who wons dining with him, " that you, who are so lhard on ]kings, are so comnphltllslt to nle?" "It it,' replied tle barl, " because I like to put tile lion before Ihis claws areo grown?" " 1'L'iAsiB, sir, give sme a penny," oaid a street urchin to at gentleman, adding, as io awn a look of denial coming into the man's face-" indeed you ought to, for I've been running after you 'oloat half anl hour." " I wolr, my dear," said an irate husband, "that you'd keep that sharp tongue of yours inl your mouth." "My dear," retorted tile wife, " there's a law. ogainst carrying concealedl wealponsil." Somo gentlemen weoro talking about a notorious coquette, when one of theml astoninhed hie com panions by saying, " I offered her my hand yesterday, nnd she accepted it." "How ?" " Where ?" "Tell us all about," eagerly exclaimed thie excited gentlemen. ' It was just as silo was getting out of an onlnlbus," waas tihe quiet reply. WVanImI trying a ease a judge saw just in front of him a person weariIg a Iat, and ordered one of the ofkicers "to maknle that manl eitllr take off his hat, or leave the court." "Your Honour," said tlie offender, who was a lady in it riding habit and beaver, " I am no man." " Tlhen I am no judge," said his .Honour. MOCK no man for his snub-nose, for you never can toll what may turn up. Tite manager of a poultry show wants for ox ilibitiont a few line specitenas of Ihelniokod husbando. I.A iRtiAsoN for Calling: Visitor (with frank p?mplicily) : "Well, I certalily never dreamt of finding you at homo o sluch v a lovely aftetnooln s this." A D1PttAInINtU sowain, whoso girl shows signs of jilting htiil, declares that if clh dosc hhe'll drown him telt or ierish in the attempt." "IDIOT. I" exclainmed a lady coming out of a concert hall, theli other ovenieg, an a genitlemana stepped on her trailing skirt. "Which one of us?" blandly responded the gentleman. ".Bri', Maria, you Inowe if I should one a ghost you knrow,~ why, you linoir, I shoutld be a clhattering Iliot for tile rent of my lifo, you tmow." " Hare you teet a gthot, Ilenry P" A LItTTI girl, disputing with her untle about tle relaiti\vo durablilty of mloderll liounic and aniOent onces, llo beiig ill.favour of thle Inonst voeerable archit tectureo, lclillch the miiLttelr by triunmphantly dcitutndlig, "'Y'e)l, unele, jist show e nloa imodler Itlulo tihat. hts it ocd Is long ns some of thie ncient onf6,'lf you car P! A tlINr Timt was travelling along a dountry ronadt ill Scotlanid onle day in whtoriu, rilltng rather a long l:vln hlorso, nd hio hlimseolf drlrcoud Ii ani odd-lookig callp andt llrgo canmlet cloak, whell a gentlmclia i ehlll viIong rihliig a fine h.orse, whichi. " calced!' at the jtrcarher nvid hit Inoree. " \Vell' , tir," eatl tio gentlemnn, "yo wid ocare tit vera dell, ir.'" "'Thati ' my businesso, sir," said the preacheoor. LAUY Visitor (in rural district, toMra. Scrubbs, who is tihralhint hier boy): " DUear mei Mrs. Serbbsn, your boy seems t, need a lot of nihdiping!" hIs. 8.: " Well, Ivas gctltin' it, nln't lie " Ta Tu Grave of Soutiment--An old stackinig. Two Spanish oflicero mot to fight. a' duel ott tide the gate of BilIbao, fter thie secondst had failrd to rtconciln tlhnlo. " WVa winli to fight to the Ideatl" tllhey reldicd. At thin moment a tioor wrotvilh approached the accorlda ind ill a lamentable vaoiceo naid: " teltllienir, I nm a a poar artltit ait large family, n f n it a ou wiunld \--" " "My gootd man, don't trouble us now," critled oer of the oficcro; "dton't volt o iy ir tiCodr aire. goiing to spit eachl other? 'to are not in vI clrlritblto hlumocr." "? I, it ilot oirlu 1 ask for," taild fih ntsian. 1 a a r IO poor: vI carIeituer wIti eiglrt chiltren, nud my wife is virk; eind " hvlnig Iearil thIt those grntlemeiOi were ibout to IlU cccli otllher, I tlhoughtl of nsvking yolu to let nti tlnke lthe oofllns." At the~e words the indlivhlals about to eorti necnoic their combat burst into a loud fit of cniiililer, anld ellnultnleousla y throwhilg tdown their woeortlA, shcook hanrts ilthl eachl other,i ad cwalked anwary. A VltNRaitAItnr clorgytmau, who attended the church of a youungr brother, waso rllliedl by thIe Intter on tvling aletlt tlroiugh the oormoui, nlld cIhal!cnged to Ltell hIIilnt thie snirnlon was ioutrit. " Wtiar thiie oeriiiou wmo about!" o lexlahucd thie aeorablo man; " why,i it was about forty-hlive llriuter too long," A titNTl'snttAN piassing tlhrough one of our publice flices wros offronited 1try molre clerks, ind beitIg ilvleo.l to comnpll toin tile pricic-l,lclhe did i, itii thisl wv'sit : I c cine blen abuto Iliho by o, nno of tl i coutllrels In tii of llce, npd coiie to naqutiict you of it, cs I ulndert sland yot are tihe fiinlci:rl.' 