IRISH WIT. Lord Clare was a determined enemy of Curran whilst he was at the Bar. The Lord Chancellor ruined his practice at the Chancery Court, and his clients were always sufferers. Indeed Curran stated that the losses in his professional income from the animosity of Lord Clare amounted to no less than thirty thousand pounds. The incidents in Court in consequence of this disagreement were sometimes ludicrous. On one occasion when it was known that the advocate was about to' make an elaborate argument in Chancery, Lord Clare brought a Newfoundland dog upon the bench with him, and paid much more attention to the dog than to the barrister, and the fact was commented on by the profession. At a material point in the argument the Chancellor lost all decency, and turned quite aside to fondle the dog. Cur- ran stopped at once. " Go on, go on," said Lord Clare. " Oh, I beg a thousand pardons, my lord ! " was the ready reply. " I really took it for granted your lordship was engaged in consultation." A witticism of Fitzgibbon, the only one recorded of him, is so good as to make one wish for more. Chief Baron Yelverton went over to London accompanied by Curan, Egan, and a Mr. Barrett, notorious for his skill at cards. " He travels," said Fitzgibbon, " like a mounte- bank, with his monkey, his bear-, and his sleight-of-hand man." This Egan was a great friend of Curran's, and held the office of Chairman of Kilmainham. He was a man of huge size and massive build as brawny and nearly as black as a coal-porter. In an election for the borough of Tallagh, outside Dublin, Egan was an unsuccessful candidate. He appealed, and the matter came before a committee of the House of Commons. It was in the heat of a summer afternoon that Egan was seen struggling through the crowd in a profuse perspiration, and mopping his face in a huge red handkerchief. I am sorry for you," said Curran, '. very sorry indeed." " Sorry ! Why so, Jack, why so I am perfectly at my ease." " Alas, Egan, it is evident to everyone that looks at you that you are losing tallow (Tallegh) fast." The friendship that existed between the two for many years was interrupted by a quarrel so bitter that a duel was the consequence. They met on the Fifteen Acres, and on the ground Egan complained that the dis- parity in size gave his adversary an unfair advantage. " I might as well shoot at a midge as at him," said Egan, " and he may hit me as easily as a turf stack." " I tell you what," Mr. Egan, said Curran, pistol in hand ; l: I wish to take no advantage of you whatsoever. Let my size be chalked out upon your side, and every shot which goes outside of the mark may count for nothing." The contest after that was not a deadly one, and though they fired, neither was hit, and a reconciliation followed. At Nisi Prius one day Chief Justice Carleton, a lugubrious personage, came into court, looking unusually gloomy. He apologised to the Bar for being necessitated to adjourn the court for that day, though," proceeded his lordship, I am aware that an important issue stands for trial ; but the fact is, I have met with a domestic misfortune which has deranged my nerves. Poor Lady Carleton " in a low tone to the Bar; " has most unfortunately miscarried, and-" " Oh, my lord," interrupted Curran, " there is no necessity for your lordship to make any apology, as it is clear now that your lordship has no issue to try." After Curran's elevation to the Bench as Master of the Rolls, a gloom seems to have fallen upon his spirits. He disliked his position, for which he felt himself unqualified. As he said, " when the party with which I had acted so fairly had after long prescription come at last to their natural place, I did not expect to have been so luck into a window, a spectator of the procession." He was bitterly opposed to the Union, though after it had taken place he would not take part in an agitation for its repeal. He was one day, after the final debate, setting his watch at the Post Office, then opposite the Parliament House, when a II able member who voted in the majority said to him, with ill timed jocularity, Curran, what do they mean to do with that useless building ? For my part, I am sure I hate even the sight of it." "I don't wonder at it, my lord," was the reply, " I never yet heard of a murderer that was not afraid of a ghost." Temple Bar. 