Tit Bit®. BY TUB NOVICE. So many banks have been toucbcd of late that it strikes me some bettor arrangement should be made. The latest swindle wheijc a party got a cheque filled in twelve, no pounds mind you—initialled by the ledger keeper of the Federal Bank and after wards altered it to twelve hundred, pound* shows how careful banks shculd be. How would the following arrangement Work 1 When a choquc i8 handed in would it not be a good plan for the ledger keeper who initials it to also state th® amount in writing. The introduction of McKillop's patent cheque a really splendid invention, would do away with all these swindles. # # • Penrith has a ghost at last. I have wondered for along while what became of all these questionable individuals, who lmve been seen, at different times and in different places in gays gone by. One of our local townsmen a few yeara ago—he was a teetotaler at the time too—was constantly seeing ghosts of every description, and strange to say he has now built and living in a very comfortable house within a stone's throw of the very tpot where he lias seen so many ghosts, and I've never heard of any of them being captured cither. The latest ghost is a thei and, if we can believe half wc hear, the height ranges—I suppose according to the weather—from six to twenty feet. The, lendevous is in Evans street, between. High and Hnnry Btrcets. A uumber of persons say they have seen this weird creature, but we have not yet been favored, with a glimpse. Will some one send along full particulars. * # ■ # ' Two of Batliurst newspaper, men lmvc been'' in it" of late. Mr. A: B. Rno, Western Independent, sued Mr. G. Macdougall, of the Bathunt Timet, for libeL The ease lasted a considerable time, and the result was the finding a verdict for the plaintiff for £10, the matter of costs being'held over at the time. Since then it has been decided to allow no costs. So while plaintiff got a vcriict of 410 lie will still bo out' of pocket to the tune of about £100. It strikes me ho had better have pocketed the insult' # . * * ' Down Eastern Crak 'way must be a splendid placc for business, if one is to judge by.the cases brought forward at our Small Debts Court on Tues day. The accounts in each case appeared to me to have been running on for two, three, or more years. No wonder there were disputes. I have been a little in this line myself, and know all about it. For my own part if I should ever start business again in that way—and there's heaps of money in it, too—I'll bcII for cash only. Ono funny piece of business was a bran now day book produced to show entries for a couple of years back. These entries were sworn to, too, mind yon. Is there any Penrith storekeeper prepared togivo such unlimited credit ? If so, kindly let me know forthwith. I can find him any quantity of customers. * ■ # ' # At the Police Court on Tuesday last their Wor ships (Messrs. Single and Sliand) had to wait for witnesses who came by train for some time, and Mr. Single remarked it \yas no use the magistrates sitting at half-past ten if the witnesses did not turn up to timo. Yes, that's al! very well Mr. Single ; but how often do the bench sit at half-past ten f And why.are witnesses summoned for ten. o'clock) when magistrates never sit at that time, Bnd some times not till after cloven. • • • 1 • ' i -; ' ' Wc have all heard of the 'electric, boy, and not a-few of ua have'a vivid recollection of the electric lady. Both these seem likely to be knocked into a cocked hat byithe "clectric tree;" a tree said to have bceu discovered in New Guinea by Dr. Kuminel, a German explorer. The tree, it is stated, has a black, core running down the centre. The learned doctor unluckily touched this coro with both hands, ttiuB forming' a circuit. .^Forthwith ho gave a horrible yell, and rolled on tjte ground liko a can non ball, whilo his spectaclesJyroro blown off his head. Ho estimated the electric shock received as equal to " 150 Volts." A,compass .when brought near the tree seemed quite drunk. Only a com pass I . " ' • • Not n bad start I A widow and widowor, who were recently married in Ireland, start out with, 25 children^' \ I , t , # ' An enterprissng countryman in the Old Country, who wishod to augment his income, strewed a ploughed field .with small pieces of potato and grains of wheat'soaked in strychnine. Ho counted on birds and game consuming tho dainty food and dying on tho spot,, Had his pleasant arrangement uot boon unmasked immediately, a quantity of poisoned food would unquestionably have found its way into market, through the nfcdium of some " under ground " dealer, and in all probability a number of human beings Would liaVo been subjects for undertakers. This man's atrocious crime was purged by a fine of 90s. and £3 costs. Flogging and hanging would bo far too mild punishment for a murderous ruffian of this sort. Such a man should bo Blowly poisoned with some of that tinned fish which has been travclling,Tound, washed down by copious draughts of "kill,at a mile snake ju'.co." 