LEAVES F£OH MIL P. LEAK- j MONTH'S BUSY. VISITS AXD PLEASANT MEMORIES. 1 found Oban full of visitors, and I had some diffzcv.i;y in securing accommodation. The town, built on the side of a hill, rising from the water, is a very nvetry one. and the views when lea vine, and for many miles inland, are very rin. . 1 left ea: lr next morning by tail, toe Train skirting Loch Awe and its isxnons pass, Gleo- coc. and many other points of historical and natural interest : also Beu Cruachan. one of tbe largest mountains of Scotland. From Killia I went four miles by coach to the village, where j 1 received a rigbt good welcome from B , 1 B.S.. his wire and family, and shortly after we j set oui to vis:t the head of Locli Trv. On enter- j mg the grounds of the. Marquis of FuiLtrig. toe I ancient son ot the Campbells, we were duly j taken round by a stalwart, martisi-lookiug High- i-mder iu kilt iisui tartan, showing us over the rums of tlio oidhouse.andciiApcl,ovf:rgronTi«ith \ ivy. stiii secure in its massive walls, with nnny a iooj-holeii point uf defence aud vantage, and iiungsun-hhlL Ju the grounds, which contain pointed onr lYciu which u cm; ei-l Iinib had falicD. mi I from this iimb. IwaRiniornicd, many a prisoner had swulc in dav> of oi.j. when a good strong rope mid short- shrift were what malefactors ao "l recjif- itraii: clansmen had to liKjii mrwrd to. 1 w:«s als» shown the court, a rait-v ; ciicle tif - tree-s, where tbe chics us-.-d in" dispense rude justice, surrouuijo-i fv ti:r rmno; chiefs auii tin- A narrow paui led from : this to tin. "cH-iows tre-." if 1 may ao c»ll ii, and also to ti pit liaivd oluce where beheacii' g. a ; priviiuce :.cc -rttf i only to chiefs, termioated tin- praa-o.ii Ht'it w;t told to us as b»v,ug hapi>tn'.-d ueii- tbe siory cf xhe pier ciausmai, condemned !-y u < f t « tbe txrrfmo prnaity, but who streiiu.uisiy appealed against the narr b- ne»& aii'i wf thessucencr. he being quitv iunocnLw 'lucreupon his wife ioterposed with " Now Douaiu gjng away quit'tiy and be hanged to piea,»- ;h-. Eiinl." Couid devotion to the head of tbi- cum or chief go further ! After on cariv tinner «;: u sriruon which had been caught in the- Loch, sen: t« Eriinurch, there pn:- ciiiiscj Mid ?.:: bck to tii-.1 banks of its nativt- Bttt.;::: i" !' 1 .:ct. Y" e drovoujiandalocg toe banks of rue river that runs into the loch, alicln- inc on ti>: w.-,v roiijpp- ctsome rapids, and meet ing the ivhic.'e agidu nfror arroliing along a wild brotiin pitnway mrougb a grand piece of wood- land. At two separate farts houses tbe obuc: o: our visit, tuc f:.miiies of Cousin Wells and naviK Mtnr-Mi:. l; lsatngate. were rusticating iu this wild doli. and with them we passed a Tery pleasant liuu'. Killiu is n village of oue long street, it- quaintness spoilt by a number of new two Btoruii lioasr-a. Toe river Braddock runs xnrouuli it. turning .\ raw-miU and affording st uie - r. r the ttimoii of the loc.;. Under tue urug-. saw same very huge fish that bad neoi: trrra'd in a hoie underneath by the r:uiiii "cr the river. Close by and entered by an imr -su;.-" stenr gatoway mere is & sprit cf grouiai aiaio?: foimi::; an island, shaded by iufrv rrot-.j ir:.» sej-.uichrui gloom and walled rr.uL .i. The cneiosnii thus rnrulo is tbe burial pU't." „f c:u- i-: ;::i- old Highland fiuniliep with loh-wiuu hi.;., iunui.y. 2 attended the Fret. ILi: iu ;i.f- moniir.g. the Established Kirk in tu- :vci.:nj. and iu the latter a hand of five E.itrr. ui_:: Fruueai' opened rui Evangelisnc Iu:?:-;, r-y siu-gu.g cud prayer, each gincc aa fccc-u:. r t.: hciiig brought to God. and tlc cr-. '.r T'lrr'-U ii wcrK ::rr.oi>g?: the studemt, i;> j. y.roirrv;;. - was delightful to be..: ilo -r:n., it un-iioc:ed tale of tbe lacis. On iu-.i.u : r- further end of thelocL w..s ucTrrn.iiit.; upun. but it was spoilt by the wi.icu prevent-iyi us viritinc tht c< . K-. h Ou roc return journey, i-. w.'rr. uv uri.irrvei.jovcd the tine scenery ou the l uiiS- c; iu, one cf the finest for sl- tr.i_ ii ;u u. Iu the evening I returned to Usui, n.vi.:- wi-nry of the splendid mountain fCu.irv M :v.'id)!;g ou> ro the right and left of i. E : -. i:oa moruiag 1 toot my passage by c-Lfc 0: rut- siejnner; fi.r liiajgow by way of thf (..Tinj-n c..ii ibi-re were many others leaving ax «aro::t tue K;iii;c tune fordiffeient destinationF audtue-c-. v::k ihe crowd of tourists leaving by !;,.« y. Ntrong testimony to the largely ll'.crcasill2 nnmtioii. e>f -cbrtc Trno frnm snnn. iiui.. Liidjitiuil. t seek heaitii and enjoyment in 1 t.-aVtl. iiiL tj.v.HT and lech acincry we pasted mroiiAi w.-.r u-digbt.'Li to look upon, toe islands j b.,Vi.. neuii!- ..i d gi:iis. wiih Oere and therL j :: uii.-asurc- vcbt skininiiiig over the ripjUed fu:;.c-. el 3 pictuic of loveiinens hard xo Ftr- .r . i.vruruji:y wr were transferred into :t i..rc i.ri :: pwe:fui boat. iLv 41 Colombia. "and pfls- i uu xi.c Ciydo. calling in at Dam- 1 biro::. with its historical ulu cosiIr. and most I < : ;i:.- towns n::r sc iLCiadirg Greenock, j Ni'.ti:: c u'.iLJUow i:ooi Greenock, the extent of Miii-buiiuiug ftr which itiswarld renowned v.i - 1 1- iLi.i.r.f i oy r-!e tjvs of large iron ships, < ai.u uiu- rmisucd feviffenriy awaiting delivery, j I — r 1 was soan once moreinEdin- j uuvg-... ;i? licTt trip was tj Aberdeen with a | iv.ui.kU. i.nxious 10 show ine theceie- ( r:\\.u . 1. - l:i t'oca iz course otconstrucrioL. j : ; v' ruaii-. staniag in the morning 1 lr ;u. I'oin. .iT. wcpifiscd FaiikirL-. Bannockbura, j lu.- braig-- of A IL: Domblane iw'Li.1. v,-. : cur for Bonnie Jessie, rie \ r. v. . . s'ut re u- ; x.» sec her> and Perth at . 1 1x1:1 of "VTe reached j Dun-.:-.--. t i :t - ; ' u late breakirtS. afrer which j wc c-a.j.,: africuii, and with kin went- to j ins:-. 0 1 of tuc groat dxsasici. also the j II v.- t — .1 massive work of five-fold | sir :;-; : : ii- lIj one. ai.;i a mcnuQicnt of I ui:_:n . W v afrerwards crossed the « v : . ..r by a RU'dUi ferry b.iai. tnene- by I r.s. 1 :;..t 1:1- Fyfe c: t-i Buru: isuut, 1 c: .-.-me lirin r-y fet-Atmr tu tareuton, tit. - tt.v:..- by tm! t Edmfau-gh. Ms j ,r ' s-c M . CarmicbaiY | br-.i::- : , wo- is reiixed. and reside near one of tu-_ E jiiiMirji, to Glasgow raitwiiv lines. After 1 s - „ - -i... I:m.. wj:jj j vm onto! t: .,1, t.. irr«-noek. to viir some of J i-isrr.,- t e;eaiio 1 reTur::«,i tuEiin'mrgbtbe . h..v:i;j p;.-v>i tbrougf. i'aislev c?5 j ; " V5':r ptouiiisei Airs. Ailiir. cf Hamil- i z k . T-. vi-.iv an 1 eoorer with cerxrnstees. 1 tele- | graij..-- : m them 10 meet nie at Alauchlane, in ! A.rc;;,:rt . v>n arnva! there in the evening. 1 ! wv- are: most kiodiy entertained bv her nepuew a-.i a your.c minister living with" him. Acxx morning we wjilkec out of the town to see Aio.-s.-k-- fane that iiurnsrented and Bred .4. wrote, i: 1 remember richtiv. Ih;i: ex :ui;iu; poem " To My Maiv In Heaven!"' 1 war zcli tiur the house was little altered - «;.cv ;.l- I.ved there. The same hedges still grow r-nnx lire House, and the yard had stacks 21; it rj.-; as I su|i!ui£H- there was on that etar light zssg.r when ire Uy under one of tUi ir.. and thought and wrote of his lost » ijjing zurougii the town 1 was shown tn-. U:.: s- House, where he used to put up at, tire li .ra n, Tbiu Otifaonrer an i Sourer John- me. and tue honse next door where he himself j wast nnrrred. I a! so inspected the Box Factorr, j t«c piojirrcy orMrs. Mair's friends, and & lovely ktpi A :1,1c n sjii ho:-bou-e- Time being up, i | rciuatar.Tly had to rctarn. pasting over where ; Ayrv xurzling ki»wd its |»ebb)« i bt-i." and tntough a most productive country, where fields 4 3yi -gr:» nr.d clover were being cut bv rniicmm-: , irjt tor sheaves were tied by hand. My jinm vi :r would have been sadly incom- pu . j vY .neuT tn.- pilgrimage being made xo wE'.n. ik.r:y nr jiiy school Vacations h»A heen Blttait.uoEij.rn-omwnCTeBotowell Bridge urosses | i s-juic niiicbhaiow its well-known falls, i ti.t. lumzg n return ticket to the "RrfbAiij fita- t:i/L. snort half-hour landed me there. At ' thL- p.ac. I Lin.--! a light conveyance, drives, i fortunaiuy for nre, by an eiderlr man who bad fcecc brougur no in tire viibge, and knew its post history and mon of its old inhabitants. Dnnug away to the south, post the old manse I 1 knew b 5 welL I had related to me toe history of > its occupant?, the Jamieson fatnilv, whose , circle whs so often -broken by low the manse I once more «nr toe row i yedvc:-" cottages, hut toe driving | toutt.es Oi the dweilvre, which had al wave been f 51VC: of youthful wonder to me, hrrn ' etilled ror ever. This change had bWn cuzsed bv the opening of the coal pits, a short aw,l7i- L?oniinnin5onr3onniey, we came to toe mail tteeaold which, in mv earlv dav ownea cyan. oncic of my another. T-n place was uhi cnanged, except by tbe growk;; and occay of toe hawtiuns bedgm. Tnere were taenaoeieees iii toe orchard, trees up wLic- 1 i.aa so often nhtabad to dovro iueptotibicin K.t golden frun- ttwt h#n bent uowu c«,cq s.urcy man, now uaxmt And dean, he u m sauness waitmr for toe -rest of dpvtn, .. st„rc ioag since -accorded tnose -who ptente- ami tRLaid coem. fiowikrie changed all about the old house seemed ? Moretoan finyysnrsliafl pasBcd. yet I could point 'out everj iLdividua. tree. or. at least, more pain!- BfiLt Tne tLUpg-rc nm trii beds, toe arossernnder winch toe bute-onlk burner nsea to stand, at all timsroedrCo com- foii tii. ; zbt: little sauaxe -hole zn the wail Cy the gneat-toair at toe iire, where Uncle Ahau kepr tue big Bible and psalm-book aeady for tht duly woistup, were toe Bine aa ever, and, as I stood . there. &ow; an old man my- stli. I could, tn memory, see a curly-haired boy jookxns rewreDhf on a krt>J old mas, as be wailed cut the daily portion of scripture, or plaintively, 10 quavering vmoe,:ledtoe tozguig OI il psalm, -the pi«nA»wr in homely phrase, and wandered if toe ending of that pr&yei;,, 4Do unto ss and fioz -tzs fisx and abundantly above fili.tbst wecuiask or wlnnk,' for Chtin c sake, was stiff bgmgbwifl itn tosoAgrik Tbe iiotseqtaod, wbaeXbsdcsngbt Kad|mec, akod pehed dntos; maailltibaend - as I looked owr "toe- rodjesmng ridd, -:I ' xecalled .how proud I— was 'VIlbu al lowed for tou flzst - Xubs - to toe wmsQ iron doughy - toe » «f gf toadr, rhr wwrun «rf — ' auworidly man mould, Jute .hmngfat intl ty Sbe old sButuy.as toidLfiietofcBr of tofa"im- yi— «»- bfesntaffinS''' wad bewzanlsiwl liy imtogpAir tfdfai . C0id-pttj>e2£. : -A£ect-v drivedovn -toe-Moor 1 xosd Awaypsst JlougissE Hwfcwriticitaeeulledi memories of tindnwa receivBd from lodv | Douglas, we wait down to M Cslder Water, ' r where I bad no often fished. Here toe old Rnmyn .guiltless of parapet, still, as of j yore, toe rippling stream as it went <rin,yr> Irrpr trtwl honghs tDglTE, IU a mile or so, ite tzassnras to the Clyde. From fliig cur drive went parallel with the river, whose hawke ware skirted with sweet hay-fieldi rich wattle pasture?. A glimpse is obtained of toe seat of the Duke -of Haanitton -borc reaching Bothwell Brig. This structure fias been widened since my young days. My guide told me tbat in toe river. underneato the bridge a natural gas escapes, whicb when fired has continued bunting on I tbe water, and Juts attracted many i strangers to visit toe phenomenon. All this j par t of the country is a vast bed of caxl which | gives employment and wealth zo a considerable ! number of people. Returning by -a direct line i through the hollow or 44 Willow isangh.,5 toe 1 scene of one of my earliest ghost stories. 1 came l bock near toe old orchard again, where I call&i; on an old friend who was there as a hoy. and i who remembered us town lads earning there. He distinctly remembered going bird nesting and fishing with my brother Jasii-R, and he described him most faithfully to ure. A rxrit to " the mild kirk yard " -completed my interesting round — a fitting ending xo all that j? huxnau. . By the help of toe sexton I traced out many names of worthies I hid known as the friends of my uncle Allan, and there against the wail to the east of one stone 1 read '. This is the property of \viHi«n» A lUn of Banlodap." At the foot of another appeared : 1S5G In memory of J William Allan. Sumehousc, and hie two sisters Jean and Ann With crowding memories of the long past, of tbe w-y God had led me. and cast my happy lot iu a fur-off land, with faces and forms coining out of the darkness, as we sped on along the u-itck. of those who had given life to my being, and form to my mind, wondering if though far from mortal ton tfaev knew of ray visit, and were in sympathy with toe deep emotions that welled up within me, or was there only toe chaos of utter oblivion. Ko ! so much pure love could never die, but must live ou and on gather iog as it goes. Thus dreaming of lost love, that by and bye will be found again in full maturity,, the long miles had passed away, nnd we were at tbe Wave tier station, nodcr toe old North Bridge, with cabmen and little boys tendering their services. (TV) be continued 