w Ims. Kito realie, spcily f Sup i the markonet, E ~ noso ; ON TH I cake it pr eval ont, El hin it f hilrityhnd old ago, tph Snn kwOn botter. O aro no art) at this time last t ý ý ESSAY ible fOot, whiOh itis ha to realioc, especially f, ON Till, gono top in thio oiarhet, O'0 ko a u provloot, EN nHighbYor for otealing I HOLLY DAYS, ·Iato onotnt bad Onlce more old Time lits inverted? his hour-gleass and lot the sands of 1885 run down till the lrst few graius t alone remnnin. Once more Father t Christmas, in his dust coat and lsm-.t mor pants and plug lint, comes along on the latest patent bicycle, and gives notices of high revelry and festive gather. ings. Now is the season of holly and plum pudding, of Christmas cards and burlesque pantomimoe. The merry clown and anti quated pantaloon stand ready to evokeo t laughter from juvenile mouths, and draw y tears from adult eyes, by tile exercise of a n few ancient jokes and lancmuvres. Even nowi do the ladies of the ballet improvise t shapely calves and entrancing figures, with 1 the simple aid of the plebeian sawdust or the demoocrati horshair. For weeoks penst the domestics of the kitchen, helped by the "'missus", have been compounding various illnesses for childreon in tie shape of enormousChristmas puddingsand mince patties. School rooms are silent as the grave, and school boys and girls career 1 around in mud or dust, as the case may 1 be; without the fear of the slender but 1 forcible cane which, for a time, lies penace fully at rest in the master's desk. Again, do we find tIhe streets of cities and towns s inundatea by crowds of country folk, who I wear hob-nailed boots and slop pants, and chew tarts before the public gaze with a relish long since lost to some of us. Allur ing advertisesments entice the unwise to the many excursion steamers which infest 1 the Bay, and sea-sickness and biliousness have about an equal call on the market. )Wander whithersooever you please, and you will find nought but ponce and happi ness, save, perhaps, in the cells of tile gaol1 or in the minds (T) of the railwvay oflicials. Theatre managers are engrossed in the work of rehearsal, and the actors and actresses are looking forward to plenty of. applause, and an ever perambulating ghost." "A. Merry Christmas and a .appy Now Year;" everyone says it, and ev?ryone means it, and tries to make it :jst'so. Thie youth of the working class have saved their monoyso as to enjoy tllhemslves in their own little festive way. Maidens, bewitching and gladsonme, shine out in their noew dresses and bustles and hats, and make sad havoc with the hearts of their admirers. They are haIppy, every body is happy; even we are ocuasionally to be found smliling serenely, for the rate collector has gone to Queensliffl for a holi day. The army of sumlmer poets and book agentst too, have ceased to worry us for tlhe time being. We hlave eutered with zest into the funll of chasing tile plump but vicious turkey usadly round the back yard for an hour, llnd laughed gladly as we severed tile life front his body with the assisatone of a neiehbor's coal chisel. Our pluni pudding is ready, our mined pica are ready, our boys are ready, and, in fact, everything is ready except the monley to issy tile exponses. 1" 1oglo l dull care," I oulr ilMotto ait proseut, aid we look for ward to thie pai tom imne on Boxinig night witlt even cheeourful pirits, thougsh we kinow every joke slad attitude as well as we do our own ilmnag. HsuIs! perhaps tihe bailet will be chlanged, ansld-?nod plumpler. Then the mlistletoe boughl at the cosesinig party attracts our attention considerably, and colduies to our receiving particular care at tile haniad of our little wife. She likes to get uider tile mistletoe herself, but we have noticed a itotal want of ap preeiationt oi the part of the mnlse sex hvleun site ososusmes that position. It makes her so mad, you can't tell. Tlhero are some lIypochonldrics who will not allow tlhat hoilidliys igJuonce tlhe bettor part of manll, but we (n11d ll otilier Isen of sense) know better than tlhat ; for, whien onie has been working perhaps day and night for imonths previously, tile ad vent of a holiday is s as a draught of water to n nalnl dying of thirst. IIis heart rejoices w hihin Iii, and his spirits rise with the tihuUglt of a slight rlagxatioin froln tihe tluhrsldolm of labor ; ani, in I)icue agses out of ten, Iis thoughts are the better tmud nobler for such freedom. nhristutsm comies but ouco aI year, and we are satisfied with its visit, and intend to w'elcolue it withl tile cordiality of a now police sorgeu;nt, Wn0 cltl sHy Isi more ; for a voice whlich hails hiIlted ius for twenty-two years is bawling loudly from the vicinity of the kitchen lire, wanting to be informeld wllether we intend to continue acribbling "stupid Inunseisoe," or go at ocmeo ?.ld rescue our youuliget iifiat frolnm the fury eof e bald-headed ohl hens who has boee disturbed4 ill her lay by the ilis eholivolts urchin. \rYhlrs J!ltpy ,alls we amst obey. 