£(. D avid’s D e a n e ry . LA Y IN G O F TH E FO U NDATION bTONE. The laying of the foundation atone of St. David’s Deanery, which is now in course of erection oa the Cathedral enclosure fronting Macquarie street, took place yesterday with considerable eccles isstical circumstance, and in the presence of a large number of the num bers of tbe congregation and of the genoral public. On the arrival of Dean Dundas from England to fill tbe vacancy caused by tbe resignation of Dean Bromby he pronounced the old deanery st tbe back of tbe Cathedral as unsuitable, and tbe gregation a t once took 6teps to hare a new residence erected for their leading clergyman. The necessary authority was obtained from the last meeting of tbe Diocesan Synod, and no time in commencing operations. The bite chosen is immediately opposite the Po6t Office and where the bolt, iu its curious dove cot covering, was wont to summon worshippers to devotion. The new building will be a pleasing addition to tbe architectural features of Macquarie street, and will be of the G ibic style, »c arranged as to group with tbe Cathedral Tbe plans have teen entrusted to the care of M r H enry Hunter, architect, and tbe successful contractors, Messrs Seabrook and Reynolds, wbo have already made rapid progress with the work. The total coot of the deanery, which will be a model of those fine old houses so fam iliar' every part of old England, when coi pleted will be a little over £3000. A temporary platform had been erected over the foundations for the accommodation of the clergy, choir, and the leading members of the church. The enclorare was gay w ith flags and bunting, which w ith tbe bright dresses of tbe led lent to th e scene an interesting aud brilliant appearance At 3 o'clock the Bishop (Rev. Dr. Sandford), accompanied by Lis three chaplains, Canon odams, aud Reva. Woolioougb, carrying the crosier, and Marten, followed by a full surplioed choir walked from tbe cathe dral to the place where the interesting ceremony was to be performed. Among tbe otbortlcrgy present were Archdoacou Davenport. Canon Archer, Revs. Shoobridge, Finms, Briquet, Gray, J . R. Kilmer, M artin, J. Rowsell,Dean Dundee, e c. As th e procession slowly walked along the cathedral grounoa the hymn "Through all the chsng-Dg scenes of fife " was sung, many of the spcctat n devoutly taking part. Psalm xci. having been snug, the Bishop offered up prayer, aud then proceeded in orthordox and workmanlike manner to lay the stone. The stone, which ro&sieied; of a large bit ok of dressed freestone, bore the following inscriptionThis stone was laid by tne B ight Bcv. Daniel Fox, Lord Bishop of 3’asmania, oa the festival of St. Michael aod All the Angels, 1886." In the cavity in the stone was placed copies of tbo Tasmanian Newt, the M ercury, the Church Neics, St. David's Magazine, a number of coins of the realm, end a document with the historical inscription of the proceedings which had taken place in regard to the erection of the deanery and the cathedral The Bishop tappod the stone with a mallet of polished shooak, and gauged its correct position with a level of colonial lightwood, which were sprci&Uy; made for the Uving of the foundation stone of the cathedral by the Duke of Edinburgh iu 1868\. The stone having been declared duly laid, with the prayer, " In the faith of Jesus Christ we place th is'sto n e in the name of tuo Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost, th at this place may bo set apart as Ok dwelling of him to whom the government and pastoral charge of this cathedral church aud pariah of Bt- David shall from time to time be committed. Here m ay true faith and the fear of God ever rem ain; here may a holy household dwell together in unite, selling a holy example to the poople of Christ." The Bishop tbon ascended the plat form and said they bad laid this foundation stone as tbo commencement of the work which had fo r its objeot the edifying of tbe church and tbe advancement of truth and religion in ‘this pariah end place. Everything which was done in this way was « sign of tome advance, of seme comfort, and ol some hope that the work f tbeoliurch was making some advance, and was bring more docply and per' roaneatly laid amongst them, and therefore, they gave thanks to God th st He ihonght fit to put into the hearts of those .who proposed this work, and to make aroh progress and to advance what they believed io be th e interest of the church. This house was for the residence of him who was to take the chief and active part in the cathedral under the bishop of the diocese. The cathedral, which was the mother church of the diocese, and which he trusted, as they had enoonraged to do, would forward not only the parochial, work b ut also the work of the whole diocese, and therefore it demanded sympathy and aid from the whole diocese. He felt perhaps they had thrown too great a burdea on the shoulders of those who were parochially connected w ith the cathedral or tbe church of 8t. D avid's, and he must say this, the dioseso had not given to >nm th at assistance which ought to have been given, and which he thought they were hound io give since the adoption of this church as the cathedral of the diocese. He trusted th at they should soon see in some sensible end practical ihape, aid given in this direction. The bouse which was to be raised on his foundsti'n was intended for the residence o< a Christian pastor and his family, and be hopex it would be a touroe of good, benefit, and blessing io tbe continual work which was going on within its walls, and in the influence which it would she 1 around everywhere. Those who had been in the old country would acknowledge, although its scenes yvere beautiful, and its evidences of magnificence and weaKh were such as would strike every beholder, there were no more beautiful objects to be witnessed and no greater source of taste in the country than the houses scattered through the -length and breadth of the land of the C hristian pastors who lived and worked for God and the people. _I t was something very special, something which no one could fo*get who had seen it, something so appropriate of the Christian home end Christian pastor everywhere, seen and founded in religions faith and devotioo, and as a still continuing source of tbe very highest blessing th a t could be offered to the country in which tbev lived They wanted to reproduce such homes aod such influences in Tasmania, believing th a t nothing could so nearly touch the hearts or affect the lives aud well- being of tbe community than residences sim ilar to that being established that day, and he trusted th at the Christian work would call forth increasing contributions and help from all those who had the interest of the church and the colooy a t large at heart. H e asked th a t God’s blessing might rt* t on this great undertaking. The hymn " S ta rs of the morning" was then rendered by the choir, and an ipporiunity was afforded to those de* sirous of contributing towards the cost of the building or laying monetary offerings on tho stone. 1 he appeal resulted in a good amount being collected. The Bishop said th a t a special vote of thanks was due to M r H unter, the architect, and Messrs 8eabrook and Reynolds, tbe builders, for the airangements they bad made for the ceremony of to-day, and also expressed tothe builders who worked under M r Seabrook and M r Ueynolds, their best wishes for tbe work in which they were engaged, and prayed th a t no accident should take pi 4ce, and th a t the work might go on n d prosper. The vote of tuanks was unanimously awarded The Bishop paid be would like to thank M r H unter for the way in which he always managed ma'lers of their church in which lie was engaged. He knew special reasons why they should be grateful, and they hoped th at he wonld boob be carrying out the greater work, the additioa and extension of the cathedral, in accordance with the beautiful design wbioh was in his hands. During the ceremony, Mr Hamilton M iynard, the organist of tbe cathedral, pretided at the harm rnium, and added much to the effect of the icrvice. The benediction by tbe Bishop terminated th e proceeding*._____________ 