.uaily n drll fulhIn8s hl·wl precedlll IuLlI1CneCL, which nltliljllg It IluI ]3ittllure will bulnilh. G(t t1 glenuilu Ameurlcln, lead edvt, (GesT. (who is nnt one of tli mlost upright pillars :f soblityv : "Chliie, whlatchl your number? I'm re onmlve -l to p.niiir yer. I sty, whatchs your coot fou:oied llumler"' Cabman L: "There it is, sir. You mo" ?cs it fr yourself ; its plain enough--?SS-tlhre 8's, ir." (ient.: "ThrOS lights, you say ? .A1lrightl! Three :.imesh eight is stwinOy-four. All right!? [l'utis down 21 il his miemoroindtu-1took, and goes ne.io" inuitOrisig ildistilltt vows alboutlt "I'ltolhumnao " , wiiu'l nt taike me for twenty?" msild a ien girlt I h.r r iartni r, 5 ohilie lancIgi . a few evening S. aI; wht woli l toylo take ni e folr?" "l r b:ettr, or fI-i w, r..,' ri-plied he. "Cis., dio you mn to snay that I spelk fon'sly?" ?aid a )r., 1,o oi a Frnilh golie-leian. "No, srli, I ery e lt 1ilt; libut, sure?, l ay out walk rilunid aboit tii- t till vLro cnlnthi." Onh: ntr, oious lynic says that going to lie mnlrried is vry iiinuth likel goinlg to be l iangld, and obsrves3 tliit t?lere is only the difference of an aspirate be to:oitrn tle aolnr and the halter. ritsoass twho ascend together in a balloon may he Ihe vry bcest fridcns in tle iworld att strtilg, but very rarely fail, lduring their trip, to have higlh siords and colas to lard blows. Wti.'x at man dies suddenly,owithout aoving been attenthid by a doetor," says a pIoput r gtut-ile thi law, "tile corontr has tlt eii cali tllt it and a illti, lheld, Is aet-rttn this -ause sof deottt. iu,"ul ailits tile writer, " wstn he dies, after haiving been attended 1'by n dclustto, tbin everybliody inowss wtily ho dieIl stlid so nit inquue;t is not toccessary.'" Tioul- ought to be sa:me lhit put tol i he libellous nories to:d iabout mothers-int-law,. nitsof that sii oer hood heing daogcrusly ittll, her allectionate son-itn-1 i was nakerd wliithor al homtaopathic or tin a.lopltl .: prctltioiner should be senit for. " tlhat is the difrir tnce rl:ctween ttlie ?" lie asked. "1:1I t," resled lth caustlic companiotn who made the suggestion, "I thy 0av thatt alhbpatllie doctor:s k:ll their litients t out of Flaiund, aid milolthlio klo them lttl." "Stulli for an alloljatiir, then," r-ejtined thitsoo-it ltto. "Til deari old llady wilrlsuefr le.s." As A??slritr li, wito shall bo naliouless, sent lioiie all order lately loi soleo irin .tioS, tltl esojprt ly idesiris tulhauict s?ioiou!d lib of jiller's miake. Ibit tio le lrkh, a n (tior, wl csuopiedl tile order, was thtitlntig f a s x ttat is not ujitte safe, for tile ordler .tinie Iilloml. w lt tiue aiobtoulndulg lile in it: " Plose f urwird ler tlirst rhill six ,i/ t'iousel, tlihrs with drtawrsa Slid Ithreo without." Tiis extraordinair ry order out'.htt to liavo br-ien siut Io ttie Eligratil, Cominliissiuners. Tll: lIritish worknl U lihas long ibeen a target for the shafts of o it: let lim tt least conslote hinllself with tie rtllectioit that liis French brotlir is liy no means t pwrlest heiig, butgpits its full sltare of thatf and abise. lhre is an illustlration: A gentlenmtn paid a visiS to a rlago manuftitory, anld Ot leteitvig asked the fioreiaiai whiol of tttrco roads wis tlie niorest way bau-k 01 tlioe villago. * I livto tiot mcasitred thenl," rtpbied Itio nlauagi r; "biut I luave no doubt the left hand road is the longest, and tile riglt tistnd one itl shortest." " What titoios yliti think so, may I ask 1" "ulcll, yeui sre, sir, 1 have noticed that wsoen the b-Ill rings for leaving off work, our noin go hoiio by thi right roadt; bilt wohen tthe sigial is given for cont totoil?ipg or resumiiig work, tlinltvariably comle by tie left." "Is your horse perfectly gentle, Mr. Dalsler?" "Perfectly gentlc, sir; thie only fault hle ihas got, if that is ait falult, is ai playful lhabit of rextlending his hinder hools now and then ?" "lly extcndling hisl hindier hoels VOu don't mean lidcing, I hope?" " Sme people c;all it lichiing, Mr. Green, but its only a slight reaction of the inuscles; al disease rather than a vice." A tr.lrietl chilw was holding a very inlimated con vers:lalonl wih onle of about its own years a few tdays since. A portion of it was overheard, andt it appearedl to Ie a dtlispute as to what their " mothers cou!d d,." After innillg over various imeritorious acts of whichl their matetcrnals were capalle, the one in question put an end to the disputo by exclaiming, " lWell, there's one thing miy collher can do that yours can't--Iy mother can take ecery one of iher teeth out at ollce." "'rlmer's a lille strain," snid one gent'calnim to anothelr, alluding to tile tones of a singer at a crncrt tile other evening. "Yes," snaid a conntrylnan hllo sat inear, "I but if ie strains nuch miore he'll bust." A IrEeSRriIsNl r i Irelind Lmet I nill, and ai lcedl himu why the miles were so plaguy "lg. 'Patr 1 c:l, V You scr, lo?w, tile roads are not good, ?0 thie cmn trlactors nLae up for itt by good minsore."' A I:rEotOa was told at a tailor's slip that three yards of cloth, by being weei , would shlrinlk one quarter of a yard. " Well, tlhenI," ie inqulirld. " if you should wet i quarter of a yard, would thero be any left?" A wAs says tlhant in journeying lately, hlo ws lint into an omnlnitus wilthl a dow.ni iersons, of whonl t le did lint know a single one. Ttrnlling ; t:ornt'r slhrtly after, Ihowever, the oImnionbus walsupset. " Anld tein," said hlie, "I found themn, all out." 'itE late Franz Abt, the song-writer, was a surpris ing gourimnd. "A goose," lie used to ray, "is a very pretty bird, but it ?Ies one greatl faulit-it is a little too cnuch for one, and mutch too little for twi,.' Coming out of a restauranit one day. looking supremtely lhappy, "IHerr Kapipelmecistelr," t iid a friend to him, "you sc'em to lhav, dined wcli' I Yes, I Ilad a fair dintlner; it was a tllrki?y." "And was tllere a good omrllanly around tile Iesird?"' " Yes, good-but small; just two, indeed, thie turlikey and myselft." AT idinner party tihe other dIan.y, says t!.o S'orttig and Dramatic Anews, a well-known and deservedly popular dramatist took a lady down to dinner, n, tlher knowing who the olher wsa. As a subjict the theatre was started, as it is so often in tlhe circtmtstatc:s. " I can't tlhink whsty they mav revied lthait piece at the King's," Ithe lidy said; " I never liked it, and i-t so worn that I should hlave done better than Ihati." "Yes," Cthe dramatist repliedt, '" irhps p o. It wnse ote of mty first pieces, however, andi I had ntL hi.td much experienm whenlc I wrote it. Let's lichange the subject."' Tle lady was quite ready to do si, and wished, no doubt, that sllo had known who hier neigh bour was. Ie presently continued, lhowever, "Are you interested in tihe Fenton case?' speaking of a cautse ct?bre that was in progress. " Yes, I've read all tihe evidencre," was tihe reply. "l He lost it., of course," the drminatist went oni; " ie never coul'd lhave had tilhe faintest chance from the first. It's a ttarvel to me how any lawyer could lhave been idiot eniough to allow suchll i ease to go into court, !' " Wlill," ai:swred thIe lady, quietly, " My ihusband wais the iliot. Let's clango thIe subject." A PLAYER performing the ghost int "Hamilet" very badly was hissed. After bearing it a good while, Ie put tIlme audience in good Iumour by steplintg forward and saying, "Ladies and gentlemen, I miust give up the ghost! " A lIrEtncrisoN in Canada advertises lis belter halt as follows: "Notess.--Iy wife thats Catrilne-she lef my hlouso--shlant ax moe-any milani truss him on imy account thalnt's loss for you. Louis Lll Fltimme." Ant your words of more weight icwheni you pro pound anytlting titan when you only annoatnce it ? A Poos young man once fellin love with an heiress; and tihe passion being returned, it only wanted lthe parents' consent to makte them happy. At length, meeting tIhe father, he askted for the daughiter's latnd. "How much money can you conmmand?" aslked tilhe millionaire, gruffly. "I cannotcommlnid much," wis the reply. "lWhat are your expectations?" " Well, to tell the truth, I expect to run away with your daughter, and marry her, if you don't give your con sent." " HAv you," said a young lady, entering a music shop, and leaning over tie counter, and addressing the young man, " hlave you ' A Ileart tlint loves me only ?''" " Yes, miss," was tlhe reply; " and hero is A IHealth to thlee, Mary.'" Mlary took the songs, and was leaving the shop, when suddenly she returned. "Ol, I forgot! I want ' One sweet titss before we part.'" We can't say whether oshe obtaiined it or not. " I you beat me, 'll call out thl soldiers," as thie drum said. A FRNCnisANi, soliciting relief, said very gravely to Ilis fair hearer, "lda'mselle, I never ibeg, but dat I Iave von wife wid several small faimily, idat is grow ing very large, and nossing to tmake deir bread out of but do perspiration of my prowa." Soan blhndera which have been made by bad spellers are quito ludicrous. One, on closing a letter, says It would write further, but I have i pane in my head!" Another, a shoemaikier, sending to a friend an account of ai consiuming lire, says, "I have lost my awll" Wlnt a devasttting conllagration there must IhvO been 1 " Ishncy on us, children, stop thaIt noise. IWhat are you quarrelling about?" Little Nell: "We isn't quarrelling." llamman : i "Ta n wilst is aIl this noise about? Whait is Harry scoldiing for, and lwhy are you pulling hisl hair?" Little Nell: " lt'is only play, montmtma. e'o is pretendit' we is miarried." A CIeLEtLtItATD lecturer on natural pllhilosophlly was one evelitng dilating upon the powers of the mIagnet dlefying any one to inalo or show uanytthttg surlassinhg its powers. An old gentlemanu neceph-d thle haillenge, iutth to the lecturer's surplrisie; iL hie nevlivrthehleiss invited him ott tot the pltafort, wsen he told the lecturer that woltnll was ts tli iallgllt iof Iglletsl - fore, if the ltadstone on tthe tlilo could atltraict 5 pieLo of iroe for a foot or two, the're was a yluttig \womllllU svIho, solclllhel wts a y-·utng 1ttII IujetlI to altlract hhn litri't'ti tutiltro tcery ,S'dai/u, ti ht'a a c'lt tiit iir i! 