THE V.R.C. SPUING- MEETING. Tho Spring Meeting of the Victoria Racing Club was iuati.gur.iteJ at Fbtniugtoii on 30th Oct. in the presence of an unusually large at tendance, which included, in addition to the Victorian rice-regiil ' party, their .Excellencies the Governors of New South Wales, South Australia and Tasmania. The first eveut on tho card, the i Melbourne Stakes, resulted in a dead heat between the favorite, Isonomy, and Boolka, wilh the Now South Wales colt, Bravo;' third. ' Tho owners of the dead-heaters agreed to vun off after -he last jace,. whan Jsonomy won rather easily, after-a good race for the first milo. Tho - Hothani' Handicap'; fell'- to Claptrap,- -who was followed ' home by the favorite Hexliain and Lancer. The South Australian filly Hoitenso, by Gang Forward — Josephine,. uot withstanding her 14 lb. penalty incurred by her winning tho Great, Foul Slakes at Cuulfield, on (ho 9th ult., heather field easily in tiio Maribyr noug Plate, Huntingtoweriiuishing second ami Bedouin third. After a most exciting raco Trident won fho Victoria Derby, beating Chesham, Aglaos and four others, the winner afterwards beine decorated with a blue riband in accordance with the custom always observed in New South Wales, and paraded round Ilia . lawn amidst the greatest enthusiasm. Tn tho Selling'Riice Ihe places were filled by Huron, Tho Ghost and Stufford, and an excollent day.'a sport concluded wilh the Coburg Stakes, won by Daystarj who was followed by St. John and Hogmanay. Tho great racing ciruirul reached its cul minating pointon 2nd inst., and on all handsitis admitted that the Cup Day of this year was'tho most brilliant of the whole scries. -Various es timates have been formed of fho immense, crowd which assembled on the course at ITlemington on Cup day. Some place it at 100.000, and others at 150,000. But as to one fact there can bo no difference of opinion, 'namely, that the crowd on all parts of the- . course was greater than it' has been . known iu any previous year. The Hill was one deuse mass of -human beings, aud tho Flat seemed to' be 'literally alive 'with surging masses, while, tho lawn, the saddling paddock and tho grand stands were so thickly peopled that it is questionable whether room could have been found iu tho entire area, great as it .is, for 5000 , additional visitors. lii fact the crush was intense on all parts of tho course until ;aftor the .Cup was run when vi»itors began to flock, back -.to the four quarters of tho, metropolis. Tho extra stand accommodation providtcl this year by the. club, to 'some extent .relioved the enormous', crush experienced in 'former yojrs.pn thcr central grand stand, but tho sitting accommo-' dution is still inadequate to the growing re quirements. Tho victory of Arsenal in tho Cup race, although to some extent a surprise, will druw a_sub'stantittl amount from tho ring, as .it is understood that the horse. had been bucked to win in all not less than £50,000. Arsenal was formerly the property of Mr. W. Pearson, but was sold last season to Mr. W. Gannon, of Sydney, his former ownor 1 eing udviml to purt with him. ., Had either Trenton or Silver mine won, tho,gcncral' public would have' bee i large winners, while tho fourth horse, Trident,' would .have been the worst horse engaged in the race for . the '? bookmaking fraternity;-- who,' al though they have, not escaped,, scatheless,, have reaped a great harvest through double event betting. The hopes of tho enormous crowd of spectators were buoyed up until almost (lie lust moment by tho prominent position occupied by Trident, whose downfall naturally affected' to some -extent tho enthusiasm with which- tho winner was received on returniug to scale. Tliis is the first year in' which the added money to the Melbourne Cup has been £2000, tho net value of the stake being .£3470, of which £500 goes to the second horse, aud .£300 to the third. Apart from the Cup contest the other events did not present any features' of speciul interest. Three of 1 hem' were short distance spins, each less, than a mile in length, and tho fourth was' a mile . handicap, tho ro maiuiiig ' one being the Hurdle ; Raco. This latter,, which was first on the programme for the day, was 3 miles, and was contested by seven horses, tho result being a win for tho furoritc, Blue Mountain, a Hal In rut trained horse, who got homo in good style ' iu front of Ocean and Encore, who were ? second and third respectively. Caloola and Tho Agent, two 'well -'fcuown hurdle' race horses, were- unable to. gain a placo . owing to ttteheavy weights their previous ex cellent performances r had imposed on them. Eighteen horses started for tho. Railway Handi cap, which was won by Pocahontns, with' Albauus second, and Toronto third. For- the Keusington Stakes, a two-year-old selling race, there were only six starters, and Sumatra Mr. James White's filly, won- from Eckersley and Mistletoe The winner was sold for £510, of which £210, the surplus over the soiling price o' £300, goes to tho racing funds. Tho Nursery Handicap, which followed tho Mel bourne Cup, produced 19 contestants, aud was won by the favorite and top weight, Hunting tower, Perhaps being second and Bedouin third ; and the final ' race of tfio day, the Yan Yean. Stakes, was. won by Tho JLevito, who' got home'- in--frbn't'6f1-' Hoginauay;, Albanus aud seven others. Appended is 'the running for the. Cup:- — ? . ' ?''?',???''-''. JlKi.nouuN-B Cvv, of 20 sots. enc1'. with 2000 Added. Second horru 500 nova.';' anU the third' 300 M)'vs.:; .Two miles. ' ' '-' '. . ? ? - - \V. Gannon's br h Arsenal, by GoUUbrouRh — Powder, 43'is., 7 st. 4 lb. .. .. (liiiKlish) 1 W. Cooper's b h Trenton, by Muskot — Frailty. 5 yrs., 9 st. 5 lb. ' .. ..' '.. (Uobertsonj 2 II. ]{.' Knlklner'3 We o'r 'b h ~S!lrennlnc;- by~Nu'-' jioleoii— Silvurhnir, 5 jts.-, 7 at. 10 lb. (M:-irade) 3 J. O. India's b h Mulim, . aged, 10 at :. (Owner). O W. Pearson's b Ji Commotion, aged, 9 St. 9 lb. ? .. (Power) 0 JI. Loughlln's br h Sheet Anchor, aged, 9 »c 9 lb. ... ' ? ' .. (Colley) 0 J. U. Reid's cli- m Grace Darling, need, 8 st 11 lb. ? ;. .. .. (J. Williams) O M. Locke's b )i Isnnomy, 4 yrs., 8 st. 3 lb. (In cluding 5 lb. penalty/-.: .. - .. (Quinn) . O J. White's e li Monte Clirlsto, 4 yrs., 8 at. (Kills) O T. Jones's br h Bohemian, 5 yrs., 8 st. (Including 10 lb. penult?) .. .. :? .. , .... (UalliiKlicr) O M. LouKhlln's b g IStltisher. aged, 7 st 13 lb. ? (Fallon)' 0 11\. K. Miiitland's b li Meteor, 0 yrs., 7 st. 11 lb. (Including 7 II). penalty):. ... - .. (Kldrtcs) 0 S. 'Miller's br h Uoolku, aged, 7 st. 11 lb. (Including 1 lb: over) ? (Olilsj 0 W. - trlcklnnil's b liUnHolt, S yrs., 7 st. 10 ll-. (Including 10 lb. ' penalty) .. '..' (O'Brien) 0 T. Coffey's br !i Kltauti, 4 yrs., 7 at- 9 lb. (In cluding 3 lb. penalty) .. :. ' :. .-.',- (Cox) 0 J. It. Mnith'a b k -Lancer, 6 yrs., 7 «t. 8 lb. ? (U. Wllllnnis) O P. Hcnty's b h Cyclops, 4 jts., 7 St. 8 lb. (Including lib. over; .. .. .. .. (Willhmsmo O J. White's cu c 'I rldcnt. 3.vi\s.. 7st. 7 lb. (llnles) O M. Jacobs'* b h Mutnl, 5 yr.s., 7 st. 2 lb. (Sunders) O \V. A. Long's br f Crossfire, 3 yrs., 7 st, 1 lb. ? ; .. .. .. ? (J.'.IliMicu) 0 It. Orr'sb h lluviill, 4yr.s.,G st. 11 lt-. .. '? ((lorry)' 0 J. Kules's br k Mynll Ivin^. 4 yrs.;6 st. U lb.': '(v'nsoy) .' 0 W. Ouggnn ns c:i c Lonl \Villlnm, 3 yrs., 6 sr. 9 lb. ? ' .. .. (.T. Gouuli) 0 W. irornn's br li Little Johri, ' 6 yrs., 6 st.1 7 lb. ? (Crnckntll) - 0 \V. K. Koyd's b c Hrnvo, 3 yrs., 6 st. 9 ll-. (Includ ?'intc 3 lb. over) .'{.-'. ' ?'? ? -..-.'?.. (Ciimpboil) O J. White's cli h Hexlinm, a. yrs., 6 st. 6 lb. (inclii ing 1 lb. over) .. .. .. .. (Huxley) 0 11\. G. Talbot's b li Illchlnnd Chlef.M vrs.. 6 st. ... .. ,. .. .. .. (Morilsnn) 0 J. Cdlverl's bk b Jnck : Honcli, 5 yrs., 6 st. 2 lb. (In cluding 2 lb. over) .. .. :?','?;?'{.- (1). Willliuns) 0 Ihe third day of the V.KO,- Spring Meeting was productive) of some excellent racing on 4th inst. at Flotnington, and as usual the off day was thoroughly enjoyed by those present. The card ' contained ' seven cveuts, . com mencing, with tho Maiden Plato, in which the places were, filled by Menotti, Dufferin and Yule Cuke. Hortense, the Maribyrnong Plate victress, won tho Flying Stakes, followed by William Tell, a dead heat for third -: place being run by lluntingtower and Bedouin. Tho Spring.- '.Handicap '.fell, to Lord- Wilton, with Remus second' rind -Bravo -third ; and Trenton won .tlje.- Royal Park. Stakes,' ,followed by Isonomy and .- heet Anchor. Only four -fillies coinpeted'in/rho Oaks, the:favorite, -the Nun,, heating Tamarisk, Mmldelina and Essie, the two last named running n dead heat for third place. Tho Special Juvenile ? Stakes for two year old geldings was won by Epicurean, fol lowed by Eckorslcy and Firebrace. The Veteran Stakes brought an excellent diiy'd racing to a close, the places l.eing. filled by Brown ami Rote, Ben Bolt, and The Peucil. Tlie inceling will be continued and brought to a finish to morrow, when the principal event in public importance' will \\.o the Steeplechase, in which the Grand National winner Game is engaged. . The Victoria Amateur Turf Club's Spiiug .Meeting was commenced at Caul field ou thu9lh. Oct., iu tho presence- of his Excelloncy the Governor and a large number of. spectators, tho rain which fell during tho afternoon holding off until a majority of intending visitors hud started for tho course, .The day's rucing commenced with tho. Maiden Plate, .which was won by Ncwinaster,' with. Highland Chief second and Yulo Cake third. Huntsman won tho Hurdle Raco, followed by Bonnie Lad and Yet Again ; aud tho Groat Foal Stakes fell to Horteuse, the favorite, Yotman, and Perhaps running- a dead heat for second place. - The Cuulfield' Guineas resulted, after a capital race, hi tho victory of Maddelina over Volcano, First. Consul and five others. '.Tho winner, however, .had to submit to the 'ordeul of u protest, from- tho owner of Volcano, on the grounds. of her. rider, Colloy, having intorfored with tho /iivorite, but after hearing evidence tho stewards -dismisseJ. the appeal. Aftor a heavy fall of rain, 14 ainatotu riders contested tho Austrnliau ° Hunters' Cup, which was won by Goldlinder, splondidly. ridden by.' his Qwuer, Mr. .J. .0.' Iuglis, the favorite, Union, finishing second, and jA.bdnllali ' third. .- Tho ,-Toorak Handicap wound' iip au. excellent day's racing,' the places boing filled by'.. Middlcmarch, Kiclnvorth and Hogmdnuy. The meeting. was concluded on tho 16th, \vhbn: the Cuulfield Cup. race formed, the chief attrac- - rion. _ The al teiidaiice, which included his Ex cellency tho Gover'norand suite,- was \ho largest. , that hus. ever asseinbled'on- tho Ciiultield course, and although rain occasionally threatened and actually fell for a few moments, the . afternoon.-, 'was thoroughly enjoyed. 'Everything^ passed' off satisfactorily. The Now South VValos geld ing Toronto opened the day 'by winning the Selling Race, with, Honora* second and Tich b'orne third. In the Cauifield Stakes,' a weight for age raco of a milo and a quarter, the places were filled by Isonomy, Malua arid Tho Nun, and the Nurs'ery Handicap- fell to Lady Lpvoll, . followed by Hortense and Bedouin.' ' Eighteen horses ''started for the great event of tho day, the Caulfield Cup, which, after a. intiguificeut finish, was won by tho Queensland horse, Ben Bolt, the two favorites, . Silveriuiuo and Britisher, in the other, places. - Tho winner was magnificently ridden by Mick O 'Brien, who re ceived a tremendous ovation' on returning to. scale. Contingent, The Irishman and Have lock finished in the order named for thoStecple ?, chase, and the mooting concluded with the Windsor Handicap, in which the places' were .filled by Don Giovan, William Tell vand \- Toronto. - . . . ? Tho Moonee ' Valley : Cup raco rneoting took place on Mr. Cox's course on Saturday 23rd Oct., when, despite the very unsettled woather, thsro was a large attenJancQ of racing' mpn. There were six events on .the card, tho first one being the St. Albans Handicap, in which 10 2-year-olds' faced -the' starter, tho winner, proving to be Epicurean, Curuival finishing second and Patience third. In the Corinthian Handicap The Baron, . a South Australian horse, proved successful, Dougalston being second and Huron third. . ' While the 17 horso3 wore . weighing out for ' the Moonee Valley Cup a 'severe squall of ''wind and rain occurred, tho resnl t being that the coiuso was made very heavy and sloppy. However, Isonomy another South\ Australian representative, . re peated his Caulfield success of r the previous 'Saturday by winning with ease, Middlemarch gaining, second place, while William Tell finished third. ? '?? The heavy condition of tho courso had tho effect of reducing tho field for the succeeding events, and only two horses, Kulkyno and Union, camo to the' post for the Steeplechase.' Tho result was an easy win for Kulkyne. There wero. only six starters for the Selling Raco, which Navy Blue won cleverly from Snip, Donald tilling third position. Only four horses contested tho last race, tho Phoenix Handicap, which rosulted in an easy win for Probation, who- beat Roysterer, Rolieur and Clorio. A rncb meeting was hold at' Elsfernwick Park on 3rd inst., under tho auspices of tho Vic torian Trotting Club, and proved highly suc cessful, tho attendance being very- large. Pro ceedings opened wilh a Time Handicnp Trot, which was won by Lurline, there being nine other starters. Aristides won the Hurdle Raco from Goodwood, Towneley and eight others ; and iu the November Handicap Costus was successful, Ambassadress being sccoud and Agnes third. Havolock Avon the. Steeplechase, Letitia finish ing second and Moonlight third.. Four horses came to grief over'tho fences in this, raco. and ono of tho riders, .Allen, who was. on. Gilderoy, fractured his collar bone. Tho Soiling Race was won by Margrave, with Mistake secoud and Ariel third, -the winner boing sold to Mr. W. Pearson for £75, all of which goes to the racing funds', tlio horse's selling prico 'being nil. Tho -Elsternwick Park Handicap, which was the concluding event of tlie day, ' was - won after a good finish by Honej-bee, E lington , boing second aiid Dougnlston third. ?; Tho English cricketers commenced tho first match of their colonial tour on tho City Oval, Adelaido, on 30th October, when they mot fifteen of .South Australia. The weather was delightfully fino, but littlo interest was manifested iu the match, which was in favor of tho -Euglishmou.' , Tho scores wore — English eleven :Fi 1 st innings, 320. South Australia : First tunings, 132 ; second innings, for eight wickets, 127. The anunal Military an.l Naval Sports woro held ou Saturday, 23rd O^t , 0:1 tho Molbounio cricket ground. Dj3pito tho stormy woathor a very large number of spectators assombled to wituoss-the contest?,- \vh;c!i wero 'so numerous1: and included such lnr^c entries thnt it may be - nncassary on a futnro' occasion1 io 'S| read tho cveuts over two days. -Hi» Excellency tho Go vernor brought h'u cliilihou to witness theili. Tho jiaval und military coiumaiidauts, t-tuff, Victorian ollicors,' both 'on active service and unattached, wero' 'present,' as well, as a very, groat number of' cimeii3, tilling both tlio nioin bers' reserve and the new grand stand. ' Major Followes acted ai , umpiroj Lieutbtiaut-CulouoL Frceinau us juilga and » Lieutenant-Colonel Templeton as starter. With tho single excepliou of the d imp cast upon tho proceedings by a violent thuudcrstorm, and several squalls of wind aud rain everything passed off happily, and, notwithstanding ' tho keenness of tlia com petitions they wero carried out. iu au agreeable and satisfuctoiy manner. 