ZaOBt in tbe Jong-le. Br FEKDKBICK BOYLE, F.R.G.8. " You were nigh lost to-day," said VaDBten to me one sight " I don't know BB any of us, barring the King-man (the Indians of the Moeqnito CoaBt are generally called " King-men," as tbey are ostensibly the subjects of a native King, who iB under British protection), would have found his way back more cool an' clever than you did. It needs right-down pluck to keep the wits together when one's lost." "This was not the first time with me," I said; "bat I don't know that tbe experience becomes more agreeable by repetition." "There's no man could describe what it is to feel lost who hadn't tried it for himself,*' said Beasley. "I've been loet in many ways: once on the Texan prairie; once on the Pampas; twice on tbe gold mountains past Libertad ; an' I'd blush to know bow many times on Schnaps ; but I never were lost in greenwood yet, an' thank God 1 for that's an exper'ence I kind o' don't seem to valoo. It's scaring enongh when you can see yer way before an' behind, as on them lonely mountains of Chontales; but there's few would keep their senses twenty-four hours in the forest" " AB to keeping one's senses, I don't speak," said Vansten ; " but I kept my life in for seventeen days behind Castillo Viejo, an'in that time I hadn't a bit to cat, bailing pinuela leaves an* 'pigapples. 1 Seventeen days they tell me it were, an' no doubt their reckoning was right; I weren't likely to be mindful. When I wa« gettin' epry agin, it eomewhiles seemed to ha* been ten years, an* eomewhiles only a few hours. I've heard doctors say a man couldn't live more 'n a week without food, but law bleBB yer! them sumphs argue an' argue among themselveuor years, going on what they call int^pA evidence an' sound reason, when roeymlght have fixed the matter in a minute by asking us, who've made their experiments willye nillye. I guess we four here round this fire could pass moBt doctors a key or two they aren't likely to find about their parlors, nor yetto discover by internal evidence. I lived on pinuela pith an' pig-apples seventeen days, an' the scientific folk in New Tork told me to my face it were downright unposeible. Says the boss of them: ' Finnela pith of no wild kind air capable of support™' life by itself, an* of pig-apples yon say you could scarce find six in a day.' 1 Tarnal thunder,' Bays I, 'I did it!' 'Most be mistaken, my good man: yon must have been deceived.' ' WalI' I Mid, 'I don't mostly like to call a man bad in his own house, bnt if I was to meet you in an asylum for incurable idiots, I should express no rude astonishment. ' An' if I were providentially to encounter yon,' said he grinning, 'arm-in-arm with the late Ananias, tad Sapphira his wife, I should call it quite a family party 1' So I pitied bim, an' left, for he wnr a poor little CUSB to handle." " Wal! I should a kind o' risen aginst the notion myself, if I hadn't heard of it before," said Beasley; " Ton was the man, wss yon ? There mast be a likely pile of twist in your inside, if you lived on pinnelas for seventeen days. But I've heard of that tale, an' yon was the man ?. I thought the ants had gnawed yer noBe off. What's the stoiy ?" I also had heard, as who had not in those parts, of the man who lived seventeen days in the forest, and I knew the tale to be true. " It's not much to tell," said VanBten, after a long pull at the Schnaps bottle, " but it were awful enough to feel. Ours was almost the earliest passage across Nicaragua to California. We embarked at New York, some fifty of as, steamed to Greytown, an' there chartered every bongo about tbe place to take ns np the river, for there was no Transit Company then. It was a reg'lar little fleet; an' a fine time we had as far as Castillo—the liveliest time ever I see. There was lashin's of drink abroad, an' cards, an' some of 'em made a very pretty plunder going np. We were a wild lot, boys, that's a fact! Them WSB the days for adventure on tbe Transit! It's lively now sometimes, but the San Juan IB like the river of the New Jerusalem beside of what it once was. Half the party was allurs down in the horrors, an' the other half was up in the same; from one minute to another, a man could not call his life his own! Every pistol was filed in the lock, so that it nigh went off by looking at it! The fighting was right-down free : we lost three men betwixt Greytown and Castillo." "But there was no attempt to keep order ? The natives mnst have suffered badly in those wild times," I aBked. " The Greasers daren't say much nowadays, I guess, when the miners are on the river, an' they were even higherhanded in the days before Walker. Besides, your high-moral Qneen of England s undertook the police business of the San s Jnan at that time, an' a happy mess she made of it! There was one policeman at Greytown to keep order among a thousand San Francisco rowdies, an' that lonely official was allurs down with the fever. The English seemed to think that etarnal Union Jack was a warrant to discount the millennium. No! no one meddled with ns in those days, an' I don't think we can fairly bluster now. Where's the man who shot those two brothers nnder the balcony of the Union Hotel, laBt trip ? Yon saw that mnrder only ten days ago, an' I tell you, the man as did it'll be found in New York when the passengers are discharged next month. " We reached Castillo at sun-down, an' lay quiet all night at the foot of the rapida., In the morning the bongos were hauled I np • but it was a long job, for one only could be taken at a time, an' that empty. We loafed about on the bank watching the boats, an' lending a hand now an' then, bat it was slow work, an'etarnal t hot, so most of ns soon fell to poker an' monte in the shade. I saw there waB little P Chaace of getting up for the next three hours, so I Btrolled off by myself, for I was young, an' new to the tropics, an' natnr' kind o' interested me. I'd walked half-un-hour maybe through the bush, admiring the flowers, an' leaves, and birds, when suddenly a tortus-rabbit (armadillo) crossed in front of my track, feeding an' rooting about He was nigh as big as a sheep, tbe heaviest sort, in fact, an' I'd beard what good eating such are; so I thought I'd go back quietly, borrow a rifle, and come for him agUl. I " Accordingly, I tamed in my track, an' slipped through the bush mighty clever, as 1 thought, without scaring the cretur. Maybe a hundred yards I'd got along, going as innocent as an addled egg, when snddintly I came to a big rubber- tree, | scored about like a cork-screw. ' Guess I didn't pass that before' thought I, looked round. I tried right an' I tried l left, bot couldn't strike the trail—for there was no trail to strike 1 I'd gone into that unpeopled forest as if there was roads an' sign-hoards in it; I hadn't blazed a tree nor taken signs; an' if ever B man deserved to be loet from right down carelessness an' folly, I was that man. But it's an awful penalty to pay, sir, for a bit of boyish stupidity. I wandered right an' left round the rubber-tree until them thoagbtB came Into my mind, an' then my heart turned sickly. 'Let's try back on the rabbit,'11 Alii IFTNJ MM' ntn I Btrange the wood. as I thought on the trail I'd come by ; ] bnt after half-an-bour I'd not reached the j glade. ' Lost! Lost!' kept buzzing in mj j •an; | an* I 1 prayed, I * fought A.VU0U* to W keep SBOJI cool; VWVt | ]J tmt that ww oopoirible for » My like \ me. After a while the mad fit came on, an' I dashed through the bush shouting an' raving till my throat bled. The sweat poured down like a cold rain, an' I knew my wits were going. Every instant I was down headlong, but I held on still until the fit passed away, leaving me weak an' helpless. ' Good Lord 1' 1 prayed Ttten, 'let ma get back to "We fibber-tree:' Somehow-the thought was in me I'd be saved if I could get to any spot I knew. More'n two hours I was creeping through the bush, an' at last, by simple, «hfcnoe, 1 reached the trunk, an' sat down there. " Lord ! Lord ! it were a lovely sceoe aronnd. The day was just at noon, an' the straight'son-nys strqck down "through tbe leaves, ari* lit tbem dp like gold. -The flowers was out, Buch as could grow in that green twilight, ' fox - gloves,' an orchids, an Buch ; but the ferns an' the shrubs WBB more beautiful than flowers. There was a tall tree-fern over agin me, crowned with feathery ferns, that shone transparent as .green glass. On the other side was a wfld banana, bearinga crimson mop of flowrers. The climbing moBs fell as a pale water-fall from the tree-tops, an' the long lianaB hung down like brown cords.. One of them dropped just above my head, naked and leafless, but at the tip of it glittered a crimson flower, like a jewel hanging from tbe sky. The air was eo hot, an'green, an' still; except -for-a-faint Quiver which from time to time ran through the forest, that one might have thought the world was dead, an' buried in those piles of leaves. While the stupid , fit was on, I sat an' watched a little army of ants, each carrying a round green leaf upraised as a flag, that hurried along their deep- worn j road. A checker of sunlight fell on that j brown pathwky,"an'I mind well how the! small creturs sparkled in crossing it. j After a while, the dead, hoi stillness was broken by the chuckle an' croaking of two parrots that fluttered in a tree above me ; but, with a ruBtle of leaves, they flew sleepily away.; f r "I'd sat there maybe for an hour, stupid an' uhtbiakiug, -when snddintly the forest resounded with a deep roar, that started me afoot: I'd never heard a Congo's howl before, but I'd no fear of that sotrtid f the consciousness of being lost, had came back on me. Straight on I crashed through the bush, torn, braised, an' falling, through marsh, an' creek, an' bamboo thicket, until ex-1 hanstion pulled me down opoe more. You 1 •ee, sir, I waB very young in years, an' had I never before seen a forest bigger than a I corn patch. I'd just sense enough to I know that one must die in the bush, an' die an awful death, if left there; but how to find a way out, I had no more idee than any other boy city-bom an* bred. I " From time to time I shouted as shrill | as I could, but the deep, hot alleyB of the I forest sucked in the sound ; an' before sun-1 down I was too hoarse for calling. AB I night came on, I sank down stupid again, I an' so lay, not asleep, but senseless. If a nma had found me then, he'd have had Eis supper cheap; but, thank Heaven, I j never met one of them sneaking devils. I When morning broke, I was faint an'I sick with hunger; but for hours I was afeard to take the few fruits that I lay aronnd. Towards mid-day, always wandering, I found a bunch of yellow pig-apples growing on a ' vine they looked so nice that, poison or no poison, 11 gathered them all, an', chawed them up. They're 1 not bad eating, aren't pig-apples, | anywhere, but to a starving man they do seem right-down good, I tell you. But there wasn't more than six or seven, and the biggest not the size of a pigeon's egg, so they were soon over; an' all that day I found no more. Somehow, I never thought of being tracked, but only of getting back, an' of finding more apples. Once or twice I heard the sound of American rifieB at a lbng distance, an' it almost killed me, for I couldn't make the boys hear. Towaids duBk, I found a bed of wild pines, and pulling out their prickly leaves, I ate the pith. I can't say it were nice, but neither was I, at that time. " On the second day 1 began to feel hunger right badly.. At firet it was a gnawing, weakly sense, less hard to bear because one felt helpless an' tired; but, after 24 hours hot fever came on, and I Beemed too wild and strong to die. Of drink there was plenty, of course, for the ground was all a Bwamp, an* besides, the watervinss was common enough. There's greater medicine, sir, in them water-vines than all the doctors can 'make for you. If a man, Bick to death with some diseases, will but come with me into tbe forest, I'll Bend him out at the week's end better in health than if his dearest friend had just deceased. There's wonderful secrets in the woods, an' we have them pretty much to ourselves as yet, we who know them. Them seventeen days behind CaBtillo shook my health for five years after; but at least I left there all the sickness I took with me ; o I can't say it was all bad lack that time, eeing as I got ont in the end." I am, or was, very well acquainted with the liana referred to, and £ regret that my botany cannot confirm woodcraft by identifying the species. It is a broad, thick-leaved parasite, soft :in the stalk, which discharges full half a pint of water when cnt through. There, can be no reasonable doubt that it possesses remarkable qualities as medicine, though I cannot attest my personal experience.. The jap ia drank without any preparation, and nativeB and foreigners are alike enthusiastic about its strange virtues " The third day was dreadful bad for hanger. I had a tearing an' refting inside, my Bight was flaming:, an' dim by tarns, j an' pain twisted up - every „ -, joint. - ... My - head I , was curiously clear all the while, except sometimes I saw things in the wood never was there; bat that was mostly after the foprth day, when the pains left me from time to time. I guess hunger efees .men-very different Some I've 1 known give in with forty-eight hours, an' ie down to die with no great suffering— I a y e . an' good-hearted ones too. But your j doctors stamp down their little walk, all I gravelled an' boxed in, iot. etarnal nature 1 to take exercise up or down, an' if ever she i stepB over their little edge into her own wide fields, my! there's such a stamped* among all the little professors. They told me in New Yorkasno man could live ten days without food—there ! An' we know [ a score of men as has done so, and don't | make mnch gas about it neither. "It would take.a week to go.through! AIL all the IUO IOUVIOT fancies I had, UBU, ON an* tbe URE strange DLIAUGO I figures that came before me in the time 11 kept a sort of conciousneBft, for I was light-headed mostly.. I seem to recollect meeting a big 'tiger,' an' looking bim straight between Ms flaming eyes, without a morsel of fear ; but he slunk off like a | starved cat; an'you may guess I was an elegant extract so to scare a San Juan jaguar. The thundering howl of congos, morning an' evening, is the mem'ry I mind i best of all that time. One day there was a little mottled squirrel came an' sat in a great fern over Against me, and looked down into my face with eyes that seemed full of pity. Eh4 how I hated that'little I cretur, that looked so lovingly at me. I I crept nearer and nearer, -to catch him, bnt | { he sprang away like a bird, and I was too weak even to curse. Sometimes I fancied j all my mates waB with me, bnt all lost j and dying'; sometimes we were on tbe rlWAI- • INIL TILCTQ'D AHA JTUAM shot him. It had happened so on the! river ; but I wasn't playing, and it wasn't I that shot. If it had been, if I'd bad any man's UWB m blood on my J mind ——— at — that time, I'd j I few gives ra the very fint week of tbe 1 horror. My dreams, awake an* asleep, were always full of murder an' death somehow. Now, there's a cause for that, I take it, somewhere in one's inside, for there's folks who dream happy when they're starving. " I suppose I gathered>pples when they could be found, an* chewed pinnelas, even .when mad, for I kept oh living. That I wandered about, never resting longer in one place than just to get strength for moving on again, I know, for it WUB one of the fancies that I must wander ever an' ever through the green diinneBS o' tbe bush, under the endless treeB, until I died. Ah! It was an awful time. Sometimes it seemed as I had been lost for years; an' then my mem'ry was racked with old stories of men finding their way out of a wood by some clever craft or other, but the tales was ell muddled up with murders, an' old times, an' ghosts. Twould have been easy enough for a good woodsman to track out; and maybe I might have done it myself, if I'd hidden my head at the first moment, an' thought it over quietly as yon did to-day, sir; but I hadn't the exper'ence— that's where it is 1 Exper'ence is better than a compass any day. The creeks at which I drank, most likely all of them, would have led me to the San Juan, where I'd have bei n saved ? and in the days I had some strength an' reason, I might have followed them up and down. For all those seventeen days I never were three miles from Castillo, an' they found me at last within two hundred yards of the fort. That would seem a queer story to home- Btaying folk, wouldn't it? But a green hand might a'most starve to death in a patch of San Juan forest three hundred yards square. « of the last 10 days in the bush, I recollect>nothing at all, an'I'm thankful f or it. For the ants found out my helplessness, an' the beetles, an' the flies ; only, thank God, the turkey- buzzards did not come nigh me until the last minute. But when my body was found by the soldiers in going for grass, there was half-a-dozen of the horrid wretches waddling round with their leathery heads aside, and hopping each moment closer. An* another queer sign they found, which had, maybe, scared the birds; all round my body were the. tracks of pumas, as thick as if they'd been dancing a considerable eight of fandango among themselves. Why they hadn't eat me, I can't think ; for he's a cowardly brute, yer puma, an' its sweet cake to him to find a man asleep or dying, " Wal1 I don't want to make yer ill, 80 J won't describe the state my poor body was in when they found it. I know I've always thought better of Greaser's pluck since them soldiers ventured to curry my carcase to the fort. The Lord |, a ve mercy on all sick men in the jungle ! You heard the ante had eaten tnynose 0ff 1 It weren't quite as bad as that; but ; n an hour or two more they'd a done it, jf the turkey-buzzards had let 'em. My finger-ends was eaten by them, an' my ear8 • an' as to the flies, look here ! A man might shudder at that, I think, even though he were bred for a city lawyer, and had married young. It's a ghastly thing to be eaten alive by insects, but never ajnan living was nearer to that end than I." "Ah!" said Frazer, "the pumas'd a finished you off kerslash if you'd been fit to eat; an' it's a wonder them sneaking vermin didn't track you out long since. I miud once on the Serebpiqoi, being hunted by a puma for two days and nights. I knew he was trailing me, ready for a chance, but I couldn't get a sight of him all that time. But I squared it off in the end—I did so. How came the soldiers to to find you, Vansten ?" "They was prospecting for sacate for the commandante's mule, and come across me in the swamp. It's midnight past, boys, an' I'm right down sleepy. Good night!" 