Midshipmen's franks. "Hold on bete! Clap a stopper on your Jaw-tacklss, young gentlemen, before you ran put o' rope." • This was what jolly Capt. Babbit said as he stepped between two of his midshipmen OQ the Government wharf at Key West, for they were loud at words, and seemed about to cOlPfc to blows. TheyTx>th belonged to his S^jp, the United States sloop of war. Boston, which lay at anchor in the harbor, just in fropi a cruise among the Windward Islands of the West Indies. ^ «What is. the trouble between you two, messmates V'- he continued, as the two middies drew back with flashing eyes and ! clenched fists. . " He is trying to cut me out with my girl, sir, and I'm not going to stand it!" said young J-, a blue-eyed blondfc of la years or thereabout. . ,-... »» I've got as much light to go and see the girl as he has, and she likes me best, anyway !" said the other, who was two years the oldest, and had the .'dark eyes and complexion of a " Southern " bom. " It's false! She <ates only for me—she told me so with her owq lips J" cried young M This is a grave-matter. You must not forget you are officers in a service which brooks no dishonor," said die captain, with difficulty keeping back a smile.. You have egch impugned the word oi • the other. I see no way out of' this difficulty but mutual apologies, or else—as gentlemen, yoa must fight it but!"; , : *< That's just what I want 1" cried C. t the elder. " If thegirl isn't worth fighting for let bim give her up!" "She is!",said J. fiercely. "Name your weapons and 1 am ready 1" •'Ijwill name the weapons and second you both in the battle V said the captain, gravely. "It is a knightly contest for the favor of a ' lftdie faire.' You shall fight on horseback Wtb good single sticks, and the one who is conquered shall never after interfere with the lore of the other !"' "I am satisfied with the plan .sir?" said tile younger reefer. - ''Very well, young gentlemen. Secure ioar horses and meet me OQ the parade ands, in fropt pf, tti^ old barcacks, in an SIf. I will see the weapons are provided." Now, there, were but two horses on the isltndf and I reckon the captain, knew it. One was a gaunt old 'cartrtorae, befon^ing to Col, 0'Hara, ihe n British' ^ the other a lithe Cherokee! pony belonging to Collector Stephen Malloiy, afterwards Confederate ^Secretary of the-Navy. Young J. secured the latter ammal in all hllte, so his older and: heavier antagonist had to pot up with the ola white cart-horse—a stiff and awkward beast, but double the height and weight of. the pony. At the hour the two rode out on the parade, ground, where the captain and a select party of officers and quite a crowd of citizens awaited them. The weapons, two ashen sticks, baskethilted, and about the size of ships' cutlasses, were handed up to the midshipmen, and they were told to Bee- each other a ship's length apart, and at w^^s given by the captain, .to charge and.-e^cft Jo ^o.his best in assault ^ad defence. "-o-j^ir :; as ; i .ji-janj- t Both, like HCttfe (H^^tffiderSWKdkrd -i ircSj c ^ l sHTp^ were used ta£the exercise single-sticks ifilten of swords in practice, and the advantage. was in the mounts. When the captain cried " Ready, charge!" young J. dashed forward on the spirited little pony, while C. kicked and belabored his huge animal into a slow trot. r: The pony shot past the large horse, and J. got in a Sweeping blow on one of the legs of his antagonist, dodging a cut aimed at his head by his opponent. Wheeling in an instant, he came up in the rear of C., and before the latter could turn his unwieldly beast a dozen sharp blows were poured in on his back and shoulders by the better mounted and more agile J. The latter saw his advantage, and made play around his antagonist, hitting him nearly everywhere he liked, for .the large horse could not be kept in motion, while the pony was on the jump all the time, and poor C. had not the ghost of a chance to get on his opponent. Cheers rose from the lookers-on, but the contestants took little heed of them. C. was desperate, and J. so sure of victory that he began to grow careless, and consequently got some pretty sharp knocks. These stirred him up, and he made up his mind to end the matter. So once more taking the unweildy charger in the rear he got in a. blow, wbich disabled the right arm of C., who, dropping his weapon, was now at the mercy of his foe. The captain called a halt, and told the bruised and battered rider of the large horse that he must consider himself fairly vanquished, and thenceforth there must be no more quarrelling between the two. It was a funny affair, but better got through with than it wopld have been had pistols been used, as they generally wete in those days. To the delight of young J., as well as to the mortification of poor C., Miss Drusilla D., the fair cause of the contention, was an eye-witness to the wholt affair. , In the end, years after, though: she had been admired and courted by a dozen or more naval and army officers, she married a poor stick of a civilian who was haitlly worth the salt be eat. Such is female taste. She refused Sherman when he was second lieutenant in the Third Artillery. Hs was lucky. •Nei^Buntline. 