.teanblB Sermons. IN our last issue we had space for only the slightest reference to the sermons preached before the recent Assembly. We are glad now to be able to give a fuller abstract of them. On the Wednesday morning the Rev. E. H. Du Bois took for his subject : ' Paul, a Study for Christian Workers,' from the words, 'Paul, a servant of Jesus Christ' (Rom. i. 1). The subject was divided, into— first the extent and kind of work accomplished by the Apostle, and, second, the personal qualifications which he possessed, and the methods which he followed. With ? respect to the former, the simple enumeration of the places in which St Paul preached the Gospel and founded churches gives a vivid idea of his untiring zeal and physical endurance ; and even though this work was so widespread, it did not become, as in. so many cases, desultory and unsystematic, but the results were everywhere deep and abiding. The number, too, of St. Paul's converts who, being imbued with the spirit of the Apostle himself, became zealous and successful labourers, worthy pioneers in Gospel work, gives evidence of the power and earnestness with which he worked. How far better, too, if in our own churches and congregations those who have received an impulse for good would themselves become workers, instead of relegating all active effort to the clergy. The, humanly speaking unlikely soil in which the Apostle had to sow the seed was pointed out— the ceremonialism and regalism of Judaism, the absence of any real spiritual religion, the corruption of domestic life, the disregard of the value of existence, the heartless cruelty, &c.; The secret of St. Paul's earnestness and success was the conviction of the truth of the things whereof he spoke; divine love and human need were the articles of his creed. Christ waB to him God s revelation of Himself, and thus became the object of his loving con templation and study, the result being that no man brought away from his fellowship with Christ more of His Spirit, and a keener sympathy with all that was OhriBt's, than did St. Paul. Moreover, he regarded Christ as a Saviour, as one who had bestowed on him a great and wondrous blessing, and therefore one to be served with love and zeal. Earnestness of purpose, then, to sum up, as that which springs from an intense realisation of the love of Christ, was the grand master-motive in the Apostle's life, and the secret of his wonderful success. Similarly, one great need of the present day is a distinctive creed— i.e., a well-defined belief concerning God in His relation to man— and that alone can form a foundation for any true earnestness in Christian life. On Thursday morning the Rev. C. H. L. Rupp, of Colerama creached from the words, ' For My sake' (Mark viii. 35). How forcible the appeal which lies in these three words has proved is evident from the entire history of Christianity, beginning with its very earliest records in the writings of St. Luke. Who can possibly form an idea of the vast influence the words have produced ever since they were uttered? The noble army of martyrs respond to them ; every daring deed of valour for the Redeemer's kingdom has received at least some of its inspiration from them ; and how many moral victories have been achieved, how much good has been done in the world, what misery has been relieved, or what happiness has resulted from them is known only to Him from whom nothing is hidden. We are not strangers to the peculiar impulse which these words have produced, nor to the gracious power of restraint which they have exercised. We are thankful for their influence over us every day of our life. . . And can we not all gain, more of that stimulating and sustaining power which these three Btrangely solemn words have never yet failed to produce ? There is, when we take them in their context, such a depth of subjective personal feeling, expressing itself in so pleading an objective personal appeal, that there is no resisting them. Conscious of approaching death, and of the deliberate, utter emptying of self implied, the Lord looked forward to the future when the world would be in arms against the new spiritual forces that would be evidenced by His followers, and He demanded from them courage, He exacted self-sacrifice, He required even life. But, simultaneously, Pie also set before them the object for which such sacrifice was asked : ' For My sake and the Gospel's.' Here^ lies the force of the appeal. 'Let My personal influence over you,' Christ would say, ' let My love, which has gained your love for Me, urge you to do and to suffer in order that My life's work may be accelerated. For My sake be what you ought to be in yourself, and do what ought to be done.' In this way must the life-work of the Redeemer be continued. And what was that life of the Master? 'Not one of, deep speculation,' aa Kingsley has put it, 'quiet thoughts, and bright visions, but a life of fighting against evil, earnest, awful prayers and struggles within, continual labour of body and mind without, insult and danger, violent exertion, and bitter sorrow.' And, again, the words of the text plead with us to be what we ought to be. ' For My sake,' says the Master, ' ? be generous and loving, self sacrificing and self -forgetful. In view of My sufferings and humilia tion, ? be humble and self-denying, and in My loving constraint upon you as My follower, in My power over your inner life, find more and yet more ability to crucify self, to bear My cross and follow Me closely.' What nobler motive can fire the zeal or engage the burning activity of any one who revels in life, and is desirous of putting it to the highest use, than this call of the self-sacrificing Son of God for help in His work of reconciliation and restoration to God 1 On the Friday morning the sermon was preached by the Rev. R. G. Whyte from the text, . - *-x '/ am ready' (Acts xxi. 13V y' ~^~^ N'f'N I. Paul's readiness. The peculiar and solemn (posit^nlMd'f ^ 'the.' Apostle at the time of his uttering these words was noticed.1 Hb' was : going up to Jerusalem, full of an affectionate* apxiety as to thg^-v-Tv/' future welfare of those many converts who hads 6e%r/ Brotrgh'tT^KV ' Christ through his ministry ; he was full of remembrance of their loving farewells and the tearful scenes of parting. The warning of Agabus, and the pleadings of his friends not to go to Jerusalem echo in his ears. All the future was dim and uncertain. The only pure knowledge that he had was ' that the Holy Ghost testifieth in. every city, saying that bonds and afflictions abide me.' And yet St. Paul manifests no impatience, no murmuring, not even passive resigna tion, but utters a calm, peaceful, willing ' I am ready.' It is this spirit of readiness that Christians need ; though not called to bonds or death for their Master's sake, they are called to do and to suffer for God. And by want of this preparedness either of will or of soul Chris tians may grievously damage the Lord's cause. Times may and do come in the lives of all when they are called either to let their light shine in dark places, to endure great troubles or temptations, or to bear the small worries and weariness of daily life. Alas for the child of God if, being not ready, he be swept off his balance, and speak or act unadvisedly ! II. The cause of Paul's readiness. The Apostle had a very vivid view oi unriBE, ana constant communion witn jaim. iie oenolds our Lord in His twofold character, both as God in His glory in heaven, and as Saviour on the Cross of Calvary, and He is filled with the thought, 'He loved mo.' And so should Christians be continually looking up to the glory of Christ with the Father, and looking down to the humility of Bethlehem — upwards to the Throne, down at the Cross. And by ever remembering that He loves us, by continued communion with Him, by constant growth in the spiritual life, may all Christians be kept ready for His service 1 