TURF T0PIC8 AND ANTICIPATIONS. Br Asmodbvs. The neceptaneoB for both the Standiah and Bagot Handicaps aro of a highly flattering charaotor, and tho prospects of a successful Now Year's day gathering at Flomington wore never so encouraging as on tho present occa sion. Forty-two contents for the Blandish Handicap and 27 for tho long distance event favor the anticipation of large fields in each in stance, in addition to which tho remaining events promise to furnish eioeilent sport. Middlemarch, Lord Wilton, Newstead, Silvermlne, Honoydow, Mozart, Meteor, Ben Bolt, Britisher, Volcano and The Nun are the principal withdrawals from tho Stan- dish Handicap ; and in the Bagot Handicap the most notabio absentees are Sheet Anohor, Dunlop, Ben Bolt, Honoydow and Middlemarch. The New South Wales division, with the excep tion of The Felon, havo retired en masse, having equally ohoioe things to discuss at Bandwiok during the midsummer carnival. Tho stable companions, Borika and William Tell, although awarded the maximum impost of 9 at. 5 lb., are so good over the distance, eix furlongs, that they could be trusted to beat more than would beat them in the Standish Handicap, and it is quite within the bounds of probability that one or the other mil make a praiseworthy fight for tho honors. I scarcely think Sheet Anchor has improved his pace since he last distinguished himself over a short course, and I would prefer standing by his stable confrere, Coronet, were the last named to reappear in something of his Newmarket Handicap form. Dunlop, 8 st. 12 lb., has enough to carry, and it is questionable whether he is capable of making the concessions asked of him, St. John, 8.3 1. 4 lb., and Pocahontas, 8, st. 2 lb. , are also well looked after, but both have shown an aptitude for the journey, the last-named in particular cutting out a remark ably clean performanco when she won tho Hallway Handicap at Flemington, carrying 7 st. 11 lb. , and beating a host of talent in Hog manay, Ohosbam, Toronto, Burrilda, Edith, Huron, Eseie, Sedition, Gadfly and others. 1 prefer Umbra, 7 st. 11 lb., to either Hogmanay or Quintin Matsop at 8 at. 1 lb. eaoh, or to The Ghost and Gardenia at 7 Bt. 11 lb. and; 7 st. 9 lb. respectively. Don Giovan, 7 st. 8 lb., I regard as one of tho few 3-year- olds who ara destined to distinguish themsolves in the baok end handicaps, He has been raised 11 lb. on the impost he sucoessfully negotiated when opposed by William Tell and a splen did field in the Windsor Handicap at Caulfield, but, as the weight for age scale provides for an Improvement of S lb. , ho is not by any means badly treated. The Kingston stable have selected F.F., 7 at. 7 lb., and Stafford, 7 st. 6 lb. , in preiorence to Mozart and Meteor. Still, I doubt whether the better of the pair is class enough to win a contest of the desoriptioq under notice. Edith, 7 st. 5 lb., will find the distance beyond her range, and should be held safe by Straight Shot, who is on the same mark. Marie Lonise, 7 st. S lb., has enjoyed a long spell, and in company with the remainder of the Pytohley Lodge team sho has reoontiy been pursuing her studies at Brighton. In her Oak- leigh Handioap and Eowley Mile (Hawkesbury) form the sister to Hortenso would be hard to beat. Kenneth, 7 st. 4 lb., is undeniably smart up to throe-quarters of a mile, but ho is a diffi cult colt to train, invariably going wrong when ever Mr. Leek attempts to apply the finishing touches to his preparation. Foulsham possesses % couplo of eligible candidates in Kohai, 7 st. 0 lb. (including t 7 lb. penalty), and Bonnie Doon, 7 st. 4 lb. Espeiglo I have no fancy for at 7 Bt 3 lb., and Sedition, 7 st. , is more likely to blossom forth towards the autumn. Lower down the liBt 1 like host Highland Chief, 7 St., Lara, 6 st. 9 lb., Harvester, 6sti 7 lb., and Maroondah at the same weight. In point of genuine enthusiasm the short distance event will suffer by comparison with the contest for the Bagot Handicap, which is to be fought out ovor a mile and a half and a furlong of ground. The 1000 sots, added money is a tolerably safe indioation that almost every horse that will faoe the flag will bo on out-and- out trier. The veteran Commotion has been doing so romarkably well of late tb&t; there is every prospect of Mr. Dakin landing him fit at the post, (n whioh case Mr. Pearson's old favorite will bo dlfiloult to dlsposo of at 9st. 6 lb. Sardius 8 st. 11 lb., Graao Darling, 8 at 11 lb., Duration, 8 st. 9 lb., Silvermiuo, 8 st 81b., and Britisher, 8 st 71b. are eaoh and all recognised stayers, to whom I esteem Commotion equal to oonoedlng the weight asked, provided all goes well with the dual Champion winner, i would hesitate, however, before awarding to the Panio horse a similar proferonce ovor Motoor, 8 Bt. 3 lb., than whom -there are at present on tho turf few more brilliant horses ovor a mile and a half, Rufus, 8 st. 2 lb., has been left a long time on the shelf ; and as I entertain no partiality for bottled up candidates I shall re main content to let the Derby winner of 1884 run against me. Lord Wilton, 8 at 2 lb., once did mo a sorvico by aocompliehing tho task las- signed him in tho Adel&ldo; Cup, run over precisely the same ground as tho raoo under consideration, and as ho is a downright good one when well, I must again Inolude him in my winning team, The distance may prove too far for Boolka, 8 st, who may bo outstayed by both Claptrap, and Ringmaster, tbey being nicely positioned with 7 at 9 lb. eaoh. Two yoars ago Oomerine only suffered a half head defeat by Commotion In tho Midsummer Handicap, one mile and a half carrying 7 et. 9 lb., and ae she now has 2 lb. less she ought to make another bold hid for victory, provided Mr. Davis can turn her out in the same fettle. Ever since Oyolops stole away 'from his. field last, autumn and all but 'won the Champion race, a big thing has been expeoted of him, but as yet he has failed to fulfil anticipations; and it how remains to be : seen .whether' he - is equal to winning an, important raoo with. 7 st. 5 lb. on his back, by no means an overburden ing impost for a matured ; 4-year-old. Cyolops has been taken to Brighton for the pre sumed intention of performing a trial The Nan, 7 st 5 lb., is advantageously handicapped, and should ehe receive the preference over Meteor her claims must bo considered formid able. The Lcvitc did a good thing when ho won tho Yan Yean Stakes, carrying 7 st. 6 lb., and as he is now weighted at 5 lb. less this extension of lonienay should holp him to com pass tho extra five furlongs. Recall, by his Bal- larat viotory, has incurred a 7 lb. penalty, bring ing his weight to 7 st. 7 lb., on which torms ho may possibly possess something more then an outside chance. All Gold, 7 st, , Metal, 6 et. 8 lb., Dufferin, 6 st. 6 lb., and Harvester, 6 St., appear to be the best situated of the light weights. Simultaneously with the declaration of acceptances for the Standish and Bagot Handicaps appeared the weights for the remaining contests inoluded in the New Year's Day programme at Flemington, namely, the Criterion Stakes, Hurdio Race and Steeplechase. Bedouin beads the 2-yenr-olds with 9 st. , but as he will encounter the majority of his opponents on muoh better terms in the Nornmnby Stakes, It is more than probable he will be reserved to have another out in at Hortenso in the more important ovont. The distance, 6 furlongs, is supposed to be too far for Epicurean, who is well oared for at 8 Bt. 10 ib. A fair filly is Sumatra, 8 at. 10 lb., though I question her ability to concede 9 lb. to Mistletoe, who defeated Hortense at a differ ence of 1 lb. early in the season, and on this form tho race looks a gift for the Kingston filly. The New Zealand bred representatives, Mona, 7 st. 10 lb. , and Escatoheon, 7 st. 3 lb. , have done nothing as yet to uphold tho roputation of their sire Musket Mr. Gardiner's pair, Branohiopoda, 7 st. 10 lb,, and Loyalist, 8 st. 8 lb., I havo no fancy for ; and although Mr. S. Miller's trio, Pingara, 7 st. 2 lb., Nooroo, 6 st, 12 lb., and Eira, 6 st., are likewise deficient in class, their light imposts may sncceed in bring ing them to the fore. Albert Loddon, 7 St. 10 lb. , is a long striding youngster that bids fair to assert himself later on, and another animal that requires time is Ormonde, 7 St. 4 lb. Liedertafel is favorably countenanced at 7 st. 2 lb., neither is Mr. Barnard severe on St. Michaol in apportioning him 6 st. 12 lb. He has won a race, and that is more than oan be said of 11 horses placed higher on the list. The main mature of the Hurdle Race is the big lift given to Blue Mountain, list. 31b., who has thus thus been raised 221b. for his spring viotory at Flemington. Tolerably rapid pro motion this. The Agent and Royal Maid won any nnmber of raceB, both on the flat and over hurdloB, before they were raised to suoh a high standard, and meritorious as may have been Blue Mountain's spring behavior, I question if Mr. Barnard is justified In placing him above performers like Ruby, Ocean and Distiller. In striking contrast to tho manner in whioh Blue Mountain is treated is the leniepcy extended to Louis, 0st. 51b., who has 51b. less to carry than when ho won at the last meeting of the Melbourne Hunt Club, held at Flemington. The best handi capped half-dozen, I take to be— The Agent, 12st. 51b. j Royal Maid, list. 71b. j Ocean, 10et. 121b. | Aristides, lOst. 41b.; Mosstrooper, 9st 121b.; and Louis, 9st. 51b. In the Steepleohase, Lady Ashton, 12 Bt. 3 lb., has been raised 6 lb. on the weight sho successfully negotiated over the same ground last month, but as the distance is half a mile shorter the Panic mare will again require to be considered. Lizette, 12 st. 1 lb. , has been out of form for some considerablo time, and as it is extremely questionable whether she will ever recover herself I don't expeot to see her achieve further distinction over the FlemiDgton oountry. Swordfish, 11 st. 9 lb., has accom plished such wondrous deeds in South Australia that he is not being asked too great a task in oonoedlng 2 lb, to Euohre. Goodwood reads fairly well at 11 st. 3 lb., but not so good as Contingent at a pound less. Tho last named I oonaldor littio or nothing inferior to Lady Ashton at level weights, and if stripped I shall search no further for tho winner. Blaokthorn, 11 St., can bo relied on to go to tho course, but the veteran is falling a martyr to the slows, and will find himself outpaced when it comes to a finish in anything like daoent company. Letitla, 10 st. ;11 lb., will be overmatched, and Reticent, 10 et. 9 lb. , has up to the present shown himself deficient in stamina to win a first class steepleohase over the V.R.C. course. Curiosity, 10 st. 5 lb., will bo jumping like a stag at a time when the majority of tho field have oried peccaci, though I doubt whether he has paco enough to bring him home in a fast run race. Tho only dan gerous oandidate among the others is Promo tion, 10 st, 4 lb., who 1b undergoing a course of preparation at the hands of T. WilBon, at Dowling Forest. He won the last Junior Steepleohase at Warrnambool, and whenever he proves worthy of carrying his owner, tho popular Tommy Oorrigan, it will bo quite good enough for the public to follow suit. Thero is a prevailing idea in Now South Wales that Mr. White will be as hard to beat for the Summer Cup, Carrington Stakes and Tattersall's Cup as be proved last season with Temp<5, who won two out of the three races, and ran a good seoond for the third. On the present occasion there Is dlffionlty in choosing between Hexham and Yoloano, both of which ore thought to possess excellent ohnnoes of winning tho initial event of the main, the Summer Cup. The proprietor of Kirkham has a third string to his bow in Tamarisk, but I don't think the - OhoBtor filly Is yet qualified to annex an important handioap. Of Hexham and Vols — 3 oano, I entertain quite a different opinion, qt the same time Inolining to the belief that, alV though- Mr. 8oarr estimates the 3-year-old tdf he a stone superior to his more matured com4 panion, Hexham is the candidate destined id do his owner the greater service He ran A great horse in the Melbourne Cup when nop thoroughly himself,' and being a stayer it ii quite possible be will be entrusted with tha responsibility of carrying the blue and whites banner in the two long distance races, while iji would not snrprlso me to see Volcano reserved exclusively for the Carrington Stakes, of 1 miiel and 3 furlongs, a journey over which tha brown gelding will be particularly diffioult to beat. Both horses are doing famously in their morning breathings at Randwloir, where Raynor's pair, Arsenal and PiloE; are also reported to be progressing favorably. It Is ovldontly Mr. Gannon'i intention to have a cut in for the Summer Cup with the spring hero, who stays so Weill that in tho absence of such animals as Trenton, Sllvormine and Trident it is quite possible fof him to repeat his Flemington triumph eveq with the steadier of 8, st. 12 lb. on his back. There is said to bo no more improved horaet than Cairo at Randwick, and as Arsenal ha oxploded the erroneous idea that the Golds- borough's can't stay, it is quite possible that the son of Thirza, who showed excellent form at Randwick last autumn, may bs equal to winning one or more of the three big handioaps now on the tapis. Amongst other candidates reported to l>e faring well at tha head quarters of the A.J.O. are the ancient Willeroo, Soldier's Wind, Industry, Sorelia, Coroban, Aga, Kaoul, Glen Elgin and Centaur. Mayo is taking great pains with Highland Mary at Maitland, and recently got himself into the polico court for an alleged assault on a tout named Brown, who offended to the extent of putting the watch on the mare in a reeent gallop. Mayo's son, who participated in the assault, was fined, but the old 'un got off. Brown and Rose, Burrilda, Silver King and Kitawa aro said to bo acquitting themselves satisfactorily at Warwick farm. Although the entries for the Boxing Day moeting at Caulfield are not overwhelmingly large, they are at least satisfactory, and would doubtless have been considerably inoreasod bad the nominations for the Hurdle Race, Summer Cup and Steepleohase been limited to 1 sov. instead of 2 sov3. This I take to be the whole seoret of tho increased number of entries re ceived by the Sydney racing institutions over the average of Victorian nominations, and for this reason it would bo well were the nominal entrance fees made more general in this colony. The Hurdle Race, with 16 subscribers, is the most negleoted of tho V.A.T.O. events. Tha Selling Raoo has closed with 18 nominations, the Steeplechase with 20, the Summer Cup with 27, and the Malvern Handioap, tho bye running event par excellence of Boxing day's racing, wun oo. nonnie noon, wno nas pre viously had the prefix tis attached to her en- trios, is entered for the Summer Cup as the property of Mr. F. Clissold. I also note; that Costus has found a new nominator in Mr. G. Bradshaw, and that Mosstrooper, the ex- Riverina liurdieracer, is entered in the name ol Mr. Ti V. Bailey, tho well known Ballarat sports man. Damocles is nominated by Mr. W. E, Dakin, instead of by Sir William Clarke, ay formerly. Notwithstanding that the annual race meet ing promoted under the auspices of the Vic torian Club has invariably resulted in a mone tary deficit, the executive evinco no inclina tion to discontinue the custom, albeit they have deemed it expedient to change the renin fronq Flemington to Caulfield in the hope of obtain ing improved finanoial returns. The large number of subsoribers to the V.R.C. who are on all festive occasions entitled to free admis sion to Flemington deterred the leading bet ting authorities from procuring a remunerative " gate " at any of their past rlnniont, and now Mr. Haydon and his confreres wisely intend to ascertain whether Caulfield, with its less im posing members' roll, will yield more satisfac tory £. e. d. considerations. The fixture is an nounced for Saturday, 22nd January, and those owners who are desirous of nominating for the soveral events enumerated in the programme aro reminded that entries require to be made with the sooretary at tho V.A.T.O. office, i00 Bourke-street west, before 4 o'olook on Monday next, the 20tli inst. Tho principal item re quiring attention is, the Victorian Club Oup, a handicap sweepstakes of 5 sovs. oaoh, with 300 sovs. added, for 3- year-olds and upwards ; second horse. to reoelve 60 sovs. out of the stake ; one mile and a quarter and a distance ; nomination, 2 sovs. The nomination for the Steepleohase and Selling Race is fixed at the same amount, whil? for the Hurdio Raoo, Two-year-old Stakes and January Handicap only 1 sov. need accompany each entry. A discrepancy occurs in regard to the limfl for declaring forfoits for tho V.A.T.O. Ju venile Stakes. Both in tho Racing Calendar and advertisments which have appeared in the weekly journals, the forfeits ore left open till Thursday, tho 23rd inst., wheroas, on reference to the offioiai programme furnishing the original conditions of the race, it Is olearly set out that "all horsos not soratohod at 4 p.m. oh Wednesday, 22nd Dooember, will bo considered aooeptors, and held liablo for the sweepstakes.'' 1 presume the lattor doolaration is the correol one. It would bo rathor awkward were the nominator of, say, Hortenso led astray by the offioiai advertisements and the Calendar. The A.J.U. rule relating to maiaens nas long since been held up to ridicule, and at the annual meetiug to be bold on 17th January an endeavor will be made by Mr. S. A. Stephen to mako tho term " maiden " read in the same Bonseas interpreted in the V.R.O. rules, namaly, a horse whioh at the time of start ing has never won an advertised prize or s weey- stakes. In New South Wales a horse may win a Derby and Metropolitan and then be eligible to oompeto as a maiden provided he was nomi nated before entering on his vlotorlous oareer. The thing la preposterous, and' It Is satisfactory to know that an effort is to-be made to wlpf ; int the long standing anomaly. ' At the same Meeting Mr. Griffltha has signified his intention V)1 moving that members shall have tho right ot entry to tho official standi excepting snch por tions as may necessarily be reserved lor weigh ing, oommlttee rooms, &o.; Mr. W. R. Hall jfiil also movo that the following new rule bo lidded to the rules of the olub: — "Members Elected after the 1st of January, 1887, shall pay in entranoe foe of £5 is." In addition W. A. Long has given notice that he will move the Jollowingresolutlons and alterations': — 1. "That in all handicaps run under A. J.O. rules where the added money Is less than 1000 sovs,, the first forfeit or entrance fee shall not exoeed 1 kov-" 2. " That in role 11, page 42 (Rule of Racing), the word six In jtho second line be struck out and the word four substituted." 3. "That in rule 62, page 52 (Rules in Raoing), all the words after the word 1 engagements' in the third line be Btruokout and the words ' from the date of sale ' substituted." No less than £36,712 went through the tot&Hsa-; tor during the three days of tho Canterbury Jockey Club meeting, New Zealand. No wonder the New Zealand authorities are enabled to offer valuable stakes when such princely re turns are derived from the percentage on the totali'sator account. I have often wondered what kind of figures the machine would regieter at a V.R.O. Spring Meeting. It would be safe to bet on a biggest on record. By-the-bye, the Viotorian votaries of the instru ment aro somewhat disappointed that Mr. Mur ray has not been able to introduce the long promised Totalisator Bill before this, and as the session is now at an eud a further delay is inevitable. However, the time is bound to come when our legislators will bo given an op portunity of airing their opinions and recording fheir votes on a subject which is of material concern to the future welfare of the turf in this portion of her Majesty's dominions. Of the numerous horses now being prepared at Flemington for their Boxing day and New Year's engagements nothing appears to be tloing better than Commotion, with whom Mr. F- F- Dakin is taking, no end of pains to bring lit to the post for the Bsgot Handicap. Pro vided the veteran's favorite leg stands tho winding up test to which it must inevitably be exposed, some of bis more youthful adversaries will find him particularly trouble some to dipose ot even with the maximum im post of 9 st. 6 lb. on his bsck. Straight Shot has been bowling along the tracks in free stylo since her dual victory at Sandhurst, und per formed an excellent gallop on Tuesday morn ing. She is nicely weighted in the Standish Handioap at 7 st. 5 lb. Coffey is also gradually getting Sardius into condition, and if ever he succeeds in giving tho Caulfleld Guineas hero a thorough preparation he can safely count on winning a good race or two with him, he being one of tho few first class horses at present in training. Mr. IV. E. Dakin has one of the best strings now in train ing at head quarters, and when he gets the Musket division, of which he has four, in proper fix he promises to turn the tido of ill fortuue which has been washing against his stable doors during the last year or 'two. There are few more capable trainers, certainly none more persevering and who studies the interest of both his" homes and their owners. The warm Weather appears to have relieved Quintin Slatsop of tho family complaint from which he suffered earlier in tho season, and Damocles also looks bright and healthy. Morrison has Don Glovan, All Gold and Hogmanay in good trim- Hortenso continues to look well, and Mr. M'Donald likewiso has The Levite, Lara and Lord Wilton in excellent buckle. Of the other Flemmgton trained horee3 Duration, The Agont, Contingent, Essie, Menotti, Umbra, Edith and Harvester are all doing well. Early in tho week Ringmaster and Lady Bell wore missed from tho Flemington training tracks, and it afterwards became known that J. Wilson, jun., had taken tho pair down to Kingston, presumedly for the purposo of ob taining a lino for tbe Standish and Bagot Handicaps. Lady Bell is engaged in the first named event at 6 st. 7 lb. , and Ringmaster has accepted with 7 st. 9 lb. for the long distance race. - Provided the last namod can hold his own with Meteor, 8 st. 31b., and The Nun, 7 at. 5 lb., and Lady Bell clear out F. F., 7 st. 8 lb., and Stafford, 7 st. 6 lb., the visit of the Kensington nags should be productive of good results on New Year's day. The combined team is undoubtedly formidable, and whichever representatives tho Kiugston-cinii-Kensington confederacy place forward the samo promise to bo hard to put down in both handicaps. Nominators who are interested in tho Juvenile Stakes, to be run for at Caulfleld on Boxing day, should bear in mind that ail horses not scratched at 4 o'clock on Wednesday next, the 22nd inst., will be considered accoptors and held liable for the eweopstakes. Acceptances for the haudicap events close on the day follow ing. The unbeaten Ormonde, dubbed " the great est horse of all time " by tho emotional section of tho English sporting press, terminated his 3-vear-old career by walking over for the for feits in tho Private Sweepstakes at Newmarket. This completes his list of engagements for the year, and brings up the total of the sum ho hae won for the Duke of Westminster to £24,576 10s. A period of weli-earnod repose will now be his, as his next fixed engagements are not until Ascot, 1887, when he will be seen either in the Hardwicke Stakes or the Rous Memorial, or probably in both. . The fact of Ben Bolt being a non- acceptor for both the Standish and Bagot Handicaps proves the opinion that he will shortly take wing for Eandwiok,' for the purpose of fulfilling his en gagement in the throe big handicaps to bo de cided during the midsummer campaign. He is weighed at 8 st. 10 lb. in tho Summer Oup, at 8 st 8 lb. in the Tattersall's Cup, and at 8 At. 12 lb. in tho Carrington Stakes. \- The Bendigo Jockey Club met on Monday evening to consider the protest against Ohe- jroot, who won the Trotting Kaoe at the last meeting. The protost was that Cheroot had run at Geelong under the name of Auger. After hng consideration the committee tsolved that there was not evidence to support he protest and that it should be dismissed, and the stakes paid to Cheroot. Our Caulfleld correspondent Informs me that tho traoks have been freely used of late, and that tho best work has been done by Silvermine, Kohai, New York, Umberto, The Ghost, Grace Darling, Dougalston, Albanus, Camerine, Dexter, Highland Chief and Blondin. Goodwood, Lady Ashton, Lizette, Revenge and The Stag are the most forward of the jumping division. At a meeting of the sub-committee of ihe Victoria Racing Club, held on Dec. 15, It was deoided to alter the time of starting the first race on New Year's Day from half-past 12 to 1 o'olook. The committee endorsed tho Ballarat Turf Club's disqualification of the jockey Blachford for the term of four months from the 3rd inst, Although tho postponement from Saturday to Thursday operated against the attendance at Moonee Valley, the racing passed off successfully and was rendered all the more enjoyable by the fine weather which prevailed. Mr. M'Donald, who has proved so formidable ell through the present season with Hortense, Tho Levite, Lord Wilton and Lara, added to his winning record by securing the Maiden Plate with the assis tance of Snccess, who cams right away from his field at the finish, and gained an easy vic tory from Pingara, who was second on suffer ance, inasmuch as those in front ot Mr. Miller's filly at tho home turn pulled off when they saw pursuit of the South Australian hopeless. Suc cess's stable associate, Lara, was served up with equal warmth for the concluding event, for which the favorite was unfortunately left at the post, and consequently failed to get anywhere near the front. There was brisk oompetition for tho betting honors of the Haymaker's Handicap between the respec tive partisans of Camorine and Essie, but both sides reckoned without the up country nag, Soldier Bor, who went to the front after going a couple of furlongs and was never afterwards headed. There was little to choose between Rouletto and Union Jack in point of favoritism for tbe Steeplechase, but the first named re lieved bis supporters of further anxiety by re fusing the second fence, whereupon Union Jack took up a good position behind Shamrock, and bringing the latter to grief at the last fence but one, tbe Caulfield horse cantered homo unopposed. The respective riders of Shamrock, Chicago and Barmaid were the re cipients of ugly falls, but tbank3 to the soft condition of tbe turf nothing sorious re sulted in cither case. . Prior to the start for the Steeplechase an Incident occurred at which both the publio and the stowards expressed thoir displeasure. It savored of a time worn practice of ringing tho changes in the matter of riders, and occurred in connection with Mr. Harbottle's representatives, Roulette and Rex, for which Mr. J. G. M'Lean and Leary weighed out respectively. On mounting however, the riders were reversed, and it was not until tbe preliminary canters had been disposed of that both horsemen dismounted and exchanged horses. This peculiar proceed ing was thought to be indulged iu for the pur pose of getting the stable monoy on to Rouletto; but Mr. M'Lean, on being questioned by the stewards, advanced as a reason that Rex being a puller, it was thought that ha might bolt with Rex, and ho (Mr. M'Lean), being the more powerful rider, undertook to give him his pre liminary gallop. The stowards did not accept the explanation as altogether satisfaotory, though in tho absence of a rule bearing on tho point they could do no more than expross thoir displeasure at the proceeding. After this little episode bookers indulged in a couplo of good things brought off by Straight Shot and Ariel ; and then Ulalume finally came to tho rescue of the fielders by unexpectedly lauding tho Har vest Handicap. The scene will bo" changed to Elsternwick Park this afternooD, when a programmo of for midable proportions will ho submitted for approval. The large fields likely to face the starter will necessarily render tho task of picking winners much moie difficult than at Mooneo Valley, where tho separate victories of Soldier Boy, Union Jack, Straight Shot and Ariel placed my tipsterial efforts almost on a par with my second day's scoro at Baliarat. Of tho 40 candidates for tho December Handioap I like nothing better than Damocles, who finished in good form at Moonee Valley, and would have won had he got away on terms with his field. Munwyrtina or Suc cess may provo the pick of the others. Geraldiue, Bonnie Lad and Goodwood appear to hold the best ohances in tho Hurdle Race, and I like them in the order named. Given a start I would declare unreservedly for Union Jack in the Steeplechase, and next to him I liko Reticent and Letitia. Should Union Jack provo an abacntoo, and the Dowling Forest people send up Monarch I would ho induced to extend tho latter a renewal of confidence on account of tho turn he did me at Ballarat Ocista, Ariel and Mistako should occupy tho loading positions iu tho Selling Raeo; and of tho 41 contestants for the Elsternwick Park Handicap it would not sur prise mo to seo Camerine turn up trumps, attended by Soldier Boy and Kohai. At future meetings to bo held at Fleming- ten, tho V.R.C. committee havo deoided not to permit tho crowd to trespass on tho straight running during tho intervals between the races. This is to bo brought about by continuing the rail which encircles tho courso proper. Tho inovation Is a well advised one. Tho following programmo has been drawn up for tho annual meeting of tho Eohuca Jockey Club to be hold on tho 9 th February . — Maiden Plate, of 15 sovs.; Flying Stakes, of 20 sovs.; Eohuca Handicap, of 50 sovs.; Hurdle Race, of 25 sovs.; Ladies' Bracelet, of 20 sovs.; Millewa Stakes, of 20 so vs.; Town Plate, of 30 sovs. I havo been favored with an advance slip of the programme to be dispensed under the direc tion of the Numurb&h; Turf Olub on the 16th February. There are In all seven events, the principal of whloh is the Nuraurkah Handicap, of 50 so vs. , one mile and a half, The Glrgarre East Race Olub held a meeting on Tuesday i Mr. Thos. Harrlmaa, J. P., pre- siding. The programme for the annual races, to be held 22nd February, 1887, was drawn up and adopted as follows: — Maiden Race, £7; District, £10;. Hurdle, £15 ; Handicap, £20; Publican's Purse, £15. The appointments of stewards and other office bearers was also made. Tom Brown his arrlvod at Handwick for the pnrpose of fulfilling his midsummer engage ments. Ho is reported to bo in excellent con dition. Ben Bolt's sister, Miss Newbold, won the Trial Stakes at the recent Brisbane meeting. I am requosted to announco that the gates, booths, outer carriage paddook, oyster stall and fruit site on the Hill, for the New Year's day meeting at Flemington will bo sold by auction at Kirk's Bazaar on Wednesday, the 22nd Inst, , at noon. In another column will bo found a pre liminary advertisement of a sale of trotting stock by Messrs. Campbell, Pratt and Co. , iucluding Mr. J. J. Miller's celebrated stud, on the 4th Maroh next. The same firm purposo establish ing periodical sales of this class of stock, and invite entries for tho sale referred to. In addition to E. M'Grade, a Sydney ex change remarks that among the many who met with a watery grave in the wreck of tho Keila- warra was a person named Edward Catley or, as ho was better known, Connors. The de ceased, who was a native of Surrey Hills, loft his homo some years ago, and went Into a rac ing stable in Queensland under the name of Connors so that his parents should not discover his whereabouts, and later on rode principally for Mr. J. Abrahams.at many meetings outside Brisbane. "Welcome Jack's half-sister Take Miss was sold recently in Chriatohurch for 75 guineas. Another item of news from New Zealand is to tho effect that a bookmaker named Drake, known under the tobriguet of " Craney " in Vic torian turf ciroles some rears ago, netted fully £5000 over Spade Guinea's victory iu the New Zealand Cup. Tim Whiffler's English trainer, Mr. Thomas Sutherland Dawson, died recently at Hunger- ford House, Norton, Malton. Ho was son ol the late famous trainer, Mr. Thomas Dawson, eldest of the celebrated family of trainers, the surviving members of which are Matthew and John Dawson. Although latterly known as a popular north country clerk of tho course, deceased was for a considerablo time a trainer at Middleham, Ilsley and Hamblodon, and prepared Tim Whiffior for the Chester Cup in 1862, which he won. That race, oddly enough, never fell to any of tho many horses with which his father endeavored to gain tho groat handicap on the Roodee. The acceptances and general entries for the Bairnsdalo meeting close on Monday next, and 20th inst. 