novelist, PUT ASUNDER: OU^ IiADY CASTLE MAINE'S DlVQllCR ? 0 ? ' By BERTHA M. CLAY, AUinon t0F ' ins onk mistakk,' ' Timowx ok : the vonM),' 'a sTituaniiF. ran a iilvo,' ? 'A JJ1TT12H ATONJJMENT,' ETC. OI-TAVTKU XXXV [L— (Coxtinukd. Isabel appeared at breakfast, so did Lord CaBtioriaims. They spoke little. Rudolph . Bhrugged bis nhoulders when bo found hia wife would not be at breakfast. Lord Castle* mnino did finally say to Isabel : ' You say you disli&o; ColonolLsnnox. \\\ by do you tolerate him, as you did last flight, by treating him aa you do other men?' 'Tou forget,' said' Isabel Hyde, «eutly. ' that I am nob ft leader in society. I have no ono io support any stand I may rsake. My aunt thinkR J. owe fier a nravy ueui oi gratitude foj: maintaining me here for two seasons, and the only way I can pay that debt is by aiding. her in every way which ehe requires to mako her home agreeable and her entertaimm-ntB a success. I cannot tabo \- an independent course. I wioh I could. And then, tac, I may not know about Colonel Lsnnox all the evil that yon know oi him, for there may be many things that, would hot be mentioned before me.' ' That is very true,' aakl Casttemam^, thinking suddenly that possibly his ^vifo might- bo as innocent of these, scandals as Misu Hyde wr.9. i At the same time,' adJttd Isabel, hastuy, ' you have bien my kind, faithful^ friend. I rcspecs your opiumu huuvu »u »h' w if you toll iuo that you think I should ignore Colonel Lennox, I should certainly endeavour to do so in every way in my power.' Tho letters wore brought, in. Lnrd Castle maine took up his, and as he asked leavo to open it -ho wished that Gertrude was of as reasonable and amiable a temper as-M'.-n Hydo. .' # „ - T ; 'Misa Hyde,' he said, presently, 'I am Called to Neath on business of much import ance ; i must caiO.U tUu RCsc * iny absence to Gertrude ; suy I will return to movrow. . He hastened from the. breakfast-room, and \- jsoon left the house. * j Isabel wroto a little card to L*.dy Caslte / maine, laid it with her letters, and gave tivm . to Fanny to take to her minlroau. Iu a Fhort time Fanny oamo to say^lhafc Liay C.wtis maine desired'to see Miss liyde. Jaab'-l found her still, in bed, her letters scattered about tho counterpane. ' So llndolph has rushed off to Naalh?' ' Yes. Are you going to wear the wihow in that behalf?' 'Nol But truly, Isabel, he is so dicta torial, so unreasonable, that I do not know ? what to say or do. I feel as if I lived on the : Bide of a volcano, or m wrotcaed esrtliquaKo lands. Now here, my mother has written. She is not so well. Sbo cannot loave Bath, and sho baB ber .business to do, and has uent for Mr Grimheld, our solicitor ; bufc then the business cannot 'be done unless sue seeL me, ? and.sjis desires me to como down, this attcr noon, for three days. Now, if I go right oil, * -who knows but Ivudolph will go into another fury over that?' : '.Of .court's ho could not. lie would not 1)9 jealous of your mother. Nothing can be more proper than to go to her; you can take Fanny. Thero is uo question about it. Your mother needs you. .She may bo mere ill than she \ Bays. : I should be anxious, were I in your place.' . ^ ' And you, think that I should go ?' ? ' Certainly. There will be a train at four cfvfftk T ttncnf oavorftl months at Bath, with Aunt Creason.' ''V/iU you oorao with mo, Isabel? You would no't wiah to stay here without mo, aud you. might 'as well go to Bath as to your Aunt.' ' ' Certainly I will go, if you desire it.' . .'?AYell, then, . ring for Fanny. I will havo her pack my things, and I will write a note to Rudolph, inclosing my molhet'd letter. We go at four. T almost think I will enjoy it; ' it will be a change, and lludolph will have time to come to his senses.' .. Tho letter to her husband vyas of Ihccurtest. Gortrude was yet deeply angered at what bhe considered .tho inexcusable attack of the ;v provioua evening. To out short her pleasure, rvvAffw anniul fvitininli wUll Klieh fnrinil?! ?i oruel ??words I \Yiiilo Girlrudo wrote lier letters, break fasted, and hud somo tulle with her house ' hcepar, Itinbel went quietly to the nenrest telegraph , ollieo aud deut this dispatch to ? Colonel Lennox : Ct. and I go to Bath, to Lady Craven, for three days. We take tho -1 P.M. train.' v ? An liour atter Colonel Lmnox received this he took tlio train to CharinR Cross station for Ipswich— a journey o£ which ho took especial ?v -'paiiis to inform his friends. -At tour tbo nest . the nest morriinR he reached Bath, by a train from Ipswich, Cambridge, and Oiford, a roundabout tour, which tho colonel took with ? - / vast delight. . An evening with her mother, recounting all , - : ? ? /. sooial news, and all the events of the season, restored Gertrude's spirits. Lady Craven's illness wore evidently, moss ol tnem, taneiea, and she was looking fresher than ever. By autumn tho littlo fiction of ill.hcalth would all bo done away with. In the morning Ehe insisted that Gertrudo and Isabel must go out for a walk, aud to drink tho waters. Mr. Grimheld was not to oome for. business talk until ono o'clock lunch. Lady Craven was on terms of great friendliness with her lawyer, ~ whom she had known since her second marriage, and who bad bcou her husband'tf warmest friond. Gertrude had been acous* tomsd to rc-g.ard tbo lawyor almost aa ono of hec family, and it bad been pleasing to her that ho was also in chargo of the alTairs of tho Castlemaino estatoe, and highly rcgardoil by licr husbf.ntl.' Scarcely had tho two Indies entered Sydney Gardens, whon thoy were joined by Colenel Lennox, who met thorn, orying joyously : ' This is an unexpected pleasure.' ' It certainly h uncxpootod,' said Gertrude, as oho Rhvo him her hand. ' I am 0:1 a sudden summons from my mother. As I said before, you mcst un as it you wero inspired by a tnll-talo bird or a familiar spirit. Which is it?' (I T? »»? a ...urn r.iMlAt* flirt ftftltiria my dcopest gratitude, eaid Oolonol Ltnnox, with a glance at loabil, unseen by Gertrude. ' And, pray, when did you come?' asked [eabel, calmly. 'Day tjsforo yesterday. I hoard that an old friend, a mtjor of my regiment, wan horo siok. There is a strong fratarnal feeling among ofiieers, yon know, aud I eamo horo directly I left Lvly Cravon'a tableaux. Very charming, wero they not? I reoall thera with joy. I never saw anything no beautiful. Wo had poetry, painting, and aenlpturo all together— .1 true soul-feast. I Bhall recall it in; distant wilds and jungles or desortfl, many a timo, doubtless. The flower show here is just opening, and is said to havo somo very romaikublo orchids. Will you visit it?' Tliey lingered among tho llowcrs until twelve, and Colonel Lennox escorted tham to Truly Craven's door. Bath Isabel and Gorttudo retrained from mentioning whom thoy bad mot. Meanwhile Colonel Lennox returned to his hotel and his friend. He had, in faot, known for some timo that a disreputable old major o£ his acquaintance |was trying, with Bath water, to restore 0. system destroyed by brandy, but ho bad no idea ot visiting him Mv.tn V»f- fnnml fiin.fc lio r- mi 1-1 mftlfft him a good excuso for his appearance in Bath. ' And how havo you spent tho morning ?' asked tiio major. ' Most charmingly. I mot Miss Isabel Hydo, a brunette, who drove London society quite wild two seasons since, and yot reigns ' in maiden meditation, fanoy, free.' And, aiso, Lsdy Gertrudo, who crownod her firBt season by marrying the Earl of Castle maino.' 'I know,' said the major, eagerly; 'a great beauty, and a tremendous fortune. Her mother enjoys tho iccomo from the estate, but the entire property of her father will rovert to the daughter. Ah I Castlemaino was in rare luek nlways. He had all thai foitune could givo him in his own behalf, and gotB v.hai the' French call an enormous dit with hi s wife JIo'll havo it all.' 'Not ii he happens to die before his mother-( m-!aw, asm ??Not much likelihood; a young fellow made of iron, and moral ao a prior.' ' Or if he should happen to— got divorced,' snid Lennox, 'before hid mc.thsr-in-laW died, in that cafe the lady would inherit in her o'.vn behalf.' ' Divorced 1' cried the major, wKh a roar of laughter. ' You don't seom to know that that was a lovo match, and that Lady Castle maino, as Miss Craven and as L-.dy Castle maine, is a truo model of propriety, 'i'ho Snow Q teen— tho 'Wiiit.e liose, thoy say.' ' M,-, ,1. in', it— no doubt : but modern society is so queerly constituted, and social life has now so many fantastic ways, ono never knows what may happen.' ''Especially when such men r.3 you aro let loose on society, Lennox,' said the major, rnceringly, ' I am not numbered among the Cjetlo maine sot,' said tho coloncl, coldly, changing Hie conversation. Lord Castlemaino returned homo to find his wife and Isabel absent ; aud the oold nota of Garliudp, e.-niaining tho letter of her mother, explained tho absence, but did not comfort bis heart. Going to dine at his club, ho hoard Colonel Lennox mentioned, with tho news ihr.t he bad gone to Ip»wic'n, and, also, that hh regiment raii'ht at any instant bo ordered to Egypt. Lord Ci-.stiemainn felt tempted to foment wars .. nn nhi'r.sd. so that bv the withdrawel ot a- dangerous clement lie might have peace ? at home. Gertrude returned at tho time appointed, and thero seemed a truoo to dcuicstic strife. Tho breach was sadly wide; the coldness bo-, twoan the married pair was evident enough to put Isabel, who pretended to ignore it, in the highest ppirits. There wore no more looks nf louder love, sai/or oonfidsnoes, true, heart felt compliments each heart was wounded ; each one felt the other the most to blame, and neither proud heart would bond to blamo itself. In another month they would go to Neath for a rest; after the excitement of the season. To that Lord Castlemaino secretly looked for ward. Ha would hava bis wife to himsolf, and mutual explanations and mutual forgive ness might follow. He did not wish oven Isabel invited to accompany them. Lady Gordon gavo a gerden party. Her gp.rden-parties wore considered the very orown fnnf'iit ivitiMof the season — theloTelvKrounda b:einie a true arcadia. Isabel wis charming in . pink and p'.:fied tulle; hut what was Isabel in comparison with the beautiful Lady Castlcmaine, in a drers of the faintest shado of blue, trimmed with white water-lily buds in her gulden hair, water-lilies half-open about her enpwy shoulders that out gleamed the flowers, water-lilies showing their fragrant hearts of gold, drooping from her diinty waist,' along tho shimmering folds to hc-r feet. Lord Ca3tlemaine's heart grew very tender to so much beauty. They bad been together ; then friends I called each one away. Sud denly Lord Cs'.tlemaine met the two friends whom he had overheard talking in tbc club house, and the., eight of thein always re minded liini of the culpable carelessness of husbands. ' He turned to find his wife. He went- hc- ro and there. Finally he saw her. Evergreens formed a circle around a fountain. _ In that Beclusion and coolness, ho heard his wife's sweet tones mingling with the plash of waters. She eat- on tho marble basin oE tho fountain, and was idly floating iu the water a lily ehe held in hor own white hand. She was look ing up and chatting with come one, who bent ovor her with evident admiration in every line of his face. That man was Coloncl Lennox. - GHArTEll XXXVIII. A CUI5IS Of l'ATE. Whon Lord Custlemaiao saw the pair by the fountain, ho was wild witl* jealous rage. That r.ny man should darc look -on his wife with such adoring admiration ! The fact was, that G.-rtrude had beeomo accustomed to Colonel Lennox's adoring, passionate gam, and merely considered it 'his way ol lock ing,' without considering what it meant. His first impulse was to spring forward, seize his wife's hand, and lead her away — away from the garden-party, away from Lon don, away from England I But Lord Ciit'o maine belonged to a olass whicb, however hot may ba its passion, is schooled in seUconf trol ; repression, decorum, theso- .were his earliest lessons. He cheoktd himself a moment to take hia breath — to beoome master of him self. In that moment tho .Dnko of Portsea, with Lady .Gordon ou his arm, stepped from the circle of evergreens and- stood before tho countess and tho colonel. ? Lord Castlemaine was not near enough to hear what was said ; but there are actions that have a clear voice. . After the interchange of a few sentences, Lady Gsrdon laid her hand on the colonel's arm, and they moved out of . eight,-, while tbe Duke of Portsea gave his arm lo Gertrude, and they directed their stops towardo tho con servatory. ? Lord Castlemaino understood it all. Tho condnot ot his wifo was giving rise to com ment and suspicion ; Lndy Gordon had inter vened to savo tho imprudent Gertrude from, her own folly ; tho fatherly old duko was quietly defending Lidy Castlemaino from n dangerous nmn. .lVidolph's heart burned hotly. His wife in thiB terrible position I But ho must control himself ; thoy wero near him. Tlie c.ven of husband and wifo mot. His flamed indigna tion ; hers shot defiance. Poraibly the tfood duko saw therm finnsls ot waifaro, and no throw himrelt ipto tho breach. ' Ah, Castlemaine I' ho cried, 'your wifo has honored nr; by goioK with me lo sec Latly Gordon's famous rhododendron ; it look I bo prize at tho t.how in Ituwll Square last week ; therefore, it ia.tho finest rhododendron in London, in England, in all the world; and wo go to p»y our homage to it. I do not wish to resign my fair partner ; age is now graced by beauty. Will you como with ns, or aro you satiified v/ith the company she is in?' Lord Castlemaino bowed low. ' My wifo could not bo in bettor company than she is iu now.' Gortrude understood him. lie had seea her with Lennox. The hand on tho duko'rf arm trembled a little, and her bosom her.ved quickly. Sbo wished that oho woro nlono, that she might burst ? into angry teartf. Sho wa?, then, watched, spied, condemned! There would follow further econes ot angry crimination and rocriaiiiiation. Gertrude did not lovo quarrelling. Sho preferred peaeo, but a peace in which she might have hor own way. 'RUbor. than yield' to injustice, to in dignities, to arbitrary rules, sho would quarrel to tho bitter cud. Probably n beautiful rhododendron was navm- lrtnknd or, rrit.'-i more wiindo'ririrr and less admiring eyes. Lord Castiomnino with drew from the frequented walks ; he could not bear to.meot anyone. He took a secluded Goat, and gave himself np'to bitter thought. Every wind-stirred leaf, every chirping bird, every humming inscci seemed eohoeing con demnations of tho folly of Gertrudo. What hopo was thero for one headstrong against counsel, lenient to vice, careless nf her own dignity? Ho did cot know that only the first of these ohargos held good against Ger trude. Lady Gordon eamo and plaecd liorself at his nine ; she laid her hand on his arm. 'You look sad, ray friend 1' . Lord Castlemaine know that she had some (hing to say, and if this aubjeot must bo opened, better with an oid friend liko Lady Gordon, a woman 01 i;u juig njui, with any other. 11 1 r.rn sad,' ho eaid. ' I am bitterly dis appointed, much perplexed.' ? ' Tho tas'i of guu'ing a bsautiful wife, so you i\n your?, throusrh the quicksands of modern eocioty is n'_t au ea^y one, s&il; Lady 'Gordon, 'You mast reuwmoer tho.t what it so hard ia the very thing *-o mast odiniro. Innocence, incapable of wrong doing, ignorant ev«n of what wiong is; sun plioicy and frau'insES that conceal uotmug these mako G-.rtrude's lUnger.' ' To think that v-y wife could bo in danger 1'. . 'Not in dwgar of any wror.g-domg, bj licvo me, bvtt of ciHiishTn av.a slanderous tongues. You should warn her agams t Colonel Lennox. II* u ner vrlf, pointed attention, and sho doei not know it. 11 1 havo warned h*r iu ths strictest mauner, over and over.' . 'It i-i a grea'; -pUy,' eai'i L*ity Crotoon, ' that modem society admits ^ffody mcu whoso slightest aUenldoi*s\ are ftanp-u'oiw to our innocont youug aiid maiaciis. All suoh evil-dosra shouM bs banished ; but thsy.ara not, and no ono of use i3 bravo enough to b-igin a j lit systoui oi blickball 'Then, ns such men cannot b3 banhhsd, the only thin:? that rr.miiifiB J3 to take tho nnforfcun?.t« v/om«*a that they- vnnturs to admive out of their way.' ' 'I think that ia the host plan.. By the next ficasc.rt ho will no doubt bs gone, and she will have gvined experience.' 'I have thought 0: going at onco to Neath.' - , ... ' I should do so. I have pjsaea these idle hints unhced.vj, a'-i nothing*; IhoU'^h I did third: it ti iitlii rccUtos of Gertrude to Col; (I man Hue Lennox to a gnrijen luncheon. I hftvs heard, too, that ho has said ho should give a dinner at Grconwich, and hoped that L-.cly C'.n'.UniainG would honor him by pre siding. But vhea X -heard that. he followed hor to B'ith, is lvally s;omcd to me to be going too f ir.' ' To Bath 1' faltdrea Lord Castlemaino, his heart growing cold. ' A friend of mhio wrote that ho saw Gertrude and Isabel in the Sydney Gardens with Colonc-l Lennox. I thought a3 tlie news had so come to ms, it minbt equally have reached others, nnd lest idle tongues should begin to tal'c, when I found he haa wandered off alone with her, I went and took him away.' ' I thank you.' But the cono of these words nude Lady Gordon tremble. ' I br.g yoiu pardon, my friend,' she asid, ' reniombjr thv; in such '. ease great gentle ness is needed as great firmness. I as^uro you, your wiio is as puro and simple as 0 ohild. You :nu'L bo tender. X should havo bad my son ruined, if to great firmness, I had not known how to odd patience and tender ness,' 'Alido not posse S3 those gracious quali ties,' said Lord C.-.Etlemainc. ' They mnjt cultiv.ato thom. They are indispem-able. You must seek them, my fritud. You v.-il I repent all harshness. Be 'gentle, ltnnvm'jsr, also,' ' that evory good and perfect gift i3 from above, and cometh down from the Father of light.' ' Pressing Lord Ciiitlomamo's hand, Lady Gordon moved off among her guests. Lord and Lady Castlemaino were tho first to take leave. ' I do not wis', 1 to go,' said Gertrude, pettishly. ' I um enjoying myself. Isabel is not read y. Send tho carriage back for us.' ' Isabel can be lift under tha chapsronoga of her aunt. I desiro that you will accompany mo e.t once.' Not a word was spoken on the way home. Arrived at home, Lord Castlemaino said : ' Gertrude, will you kindly come to tbe library? I wish to 3peak with you.' 'I cannot. I am tired. I must go ana chango my dress.' 'That can wr.it. I insist upon you coming, to hear what I havo to say.' With a hv.!:}btysiep G'sttrude entered the library, and threw hevsal; into a chair. ' Well ?'' she said, tbary'y. ' Gertrude, you hava not regarded my wishes about Colonel Lennox.' ' 1 treat Colonel L-jnnox ju3t a3 I treat others. lie is nothing to me.' ' I do not wish him treated as others. Ho is unworthy of it.' ' I cannot make' myself absurd by varia tions of couduo't, as if f thought any acquain tance was of any consequence.' ' You could regard my wishes if you would. By neglecting them you aro m'akiog yoursol! ihe subject of suspicion and of ths most unpleasant romarks. . Tho Duke of Portsea ind Lidy Gordon1 wero to-day obliged to make evident effort to; savo my. wife from scandals and me from disgrace 1' Gertrude Hushed crimson. ' What do you mean?' sho cried. ' I oan take care of myEelf I Who dares speak harshly of tne !'! ' Very many envious tongues, .and you aro affording thom cauEe. .You pro no 'more japable of taking earo of yourself than a ohild ust out of the nursery, I thousht yoti were —you aro not. You havo deceived .me. . You mot Colonel Lennox at Bath.' 'I know I did 1' cricd Gertrudo, ' just nal might meet others. I did not know he was thero; ho went beforo I did. Isabel and I mot him by chance nt the'* gardens, and ho walked to my mother's door with us.' (Sho refrained from mentioning other meetings at . Bath; why add fuel to tho ilamo?) 'How dare you fay I deceived you ? Do you not . know that I scorn a lie and all deceit? I(tell you it was moro accident, that meeting.'. ' Sinco you nay so I believe it', on your part, but not on his. It was np nocidont his being invited here to lunch.' . ' I did not mean to do that,' said Gertrude. ' It was an aeeident in a way. But why should I not invito him? Ho is a man that I like. Other people like him, and invito him ; why ehould your jealouH ill-temper nut a constraint on my most innocent acts ? ?' ' I am appalled at you, X blush for you I ' cried Lord Castlemaino. ' Colonel Lennox is a man of bad character and bad 'life; v/ill you not believe what I say to' you, again and again ? ' ' I beiiuvo that you believe, but I do not believe it is 00. I'rfjudieo has blinded you. I see other people receiving and approving liini ; I see tho queen honoring him ; I hear him express the noblest sentiments v X know that no is a hero; I ? ' v ' Enough 1' cried Lord Castlemaino, in furiatcd. 'I would not have believed that you could think or say such things. Wo go 10 Neath to-morrow morning. X will nave my honor. Will you give orders to Fanny to pack your wardrobe at onco? ' ' No, I will not I' cried Gertrude. ' I will not tc (lrnpg:d off like a criminal ; X will not bo shut up liko n maniac. I havo engagements to the closo of the season. Isabel lias been invited to remain with us, and wo cannot close our doors to her. You will mako me tho talk of society.' ' You aro fast making yourself that,' - said Lord Caetlomainc, angrily. ' If you will not . give the ordsr to your maid, I must; for wo shall leave iu tho ten o'clock train tomor row.' As for Miss Hyde, she can go to her aunt, or ask an invitation from Lady Gordon. Lv3y Gordon, at least, will understand why wo go.' ' Ii my mother wero hero I would go to hor, andfreo you of responsibility for mo,' cried Gertrude. ' Husbands cannot bs freed from responsi bility in such a way,' said Lord Castlemaine. ' I should not allow you to stay in London. It ia my duty to romovo you from scenes of temptation'and danger, in whioh you evi- . dently do not know bow to guido yourself. Will you givo your order to Fanny 1 ' ' Decidedly I will not.' Lord Castlemaine rang tjja bell for tho butler. ' Ilobert, yon will send a page with n tele gram to Neath, paying' that we leave for tberq in tbo ten train to-morrow, and will remain there for the rest of the summer. _ You will arrange with tho housekeeper for closing this houHl: for t.ho season at once. Order my man to pack all my things immediately for leav ing ; and take for Lady Castlemaine an order to Fanny to pack her lady's wardrobe for im mediate departure, and have nil ready for tho morning train, if oho has to work all night. We will have no delays. Tho butler bowed. Ho was too discreet to look at his lady; bnt sho was standing jn apparent . indifference, looking out into tho garden. When tho butler had gone she turned to leave tho room. . ' Is thero anything else you wish, Ger trude ? ' said Lord Castlemaine, in an unfortu nate attempt to carry out Lady Gordon's pro giammetf gentleness. ' I wish nothing,' said Gertrude, with pas sion, ' exenpt that I had never seen ycu. You have disappointed me. You are net a3 i. thought you. You aro my enemy. Yon arc cruel and delight in making mo wretched.. I wish I had retained my freedom. You take pleasure in Ehowing me that I am no better than your slave. At least a slave can exercise the right of hating tlw chain ! ' She 1,-fl tho room with these words. She was swept away in a frenzy of piision. In all her life sho had been pitted and indulged, and if her mother had desired her to pureu-'j any cspccial gourse, it had been craftily arra'jged so as to seem dictated by herself. Hero was the first iosi&Qec; of reproach, of correction, cf condemnation that she had ever known. And she. had b;on attacked in a point where sbo fe'it herself so innocent, sj abovo fj.'l challenge. Hid she not always rebuffed the compliments of tho colonel ? Had he ever been aakoJ to her home cxccptto that ons tea, and to that fatal lenoh, when I-aliel really had invited htm ? Had she not alwav. loved and admired her husband, and had she ever in ilia slightest thought of her heart given him cause.for jealousy ? Arid now she was to be made the puppet of his jealousy, toy of tbo Catitlemaiue temper 1 - She hurried fo hor boudoir and locked her self in, without stopping to take off her festal splendors, whero tho water- lilies wero already drooping and lading over tho sheen of tho silk; CHAPTER XXXIX. ' NO no:, IK WHEK13 HBAltl' IS KOT. Night brings counsel. When first Gertrude went to her room she was resolving on a thousand wild and futilo schemes. Sho would send a telegram, to her mother and mako her come quickly 'and open her own house in Portman Square, and take her daughter homo.' But she know that Lady Craven would not do that. .Lady Craven abborrcd scandals, of all things. She would not bo a party to her daughter breaking up her married liie and home. Lady Craven's full ambition had been satisfied when she made her daughter a countess, and she would consider it ti very small thing to sacrifice an acquaintance, and a little self-will, for^ tho sake of the coronet and tho splendid position of the Castlemaincs. Then Gortrudo wished ehe might run away and loss herself to every Sue whom she had known. . Sho had read of people who lived quietly in little, unknown lodgings, and went and cauie as they choso, who had-no one to molest them, and lived in humble pease. .- Sho recalled the pitiful words of Aune Baleyu : ' I swear 'tis better to bo lowly born, And range with humble lovers in content, Than to bo perked up in a glistening grief, And wear a golden sorrow.' For moro than two hours Gertrude pursued in all its mazes this dream of disappearance arid a lowly life. Poverty she had never known, even far off, and it had no terrors for her.' It was a vision and a plan that after ward proved utterly disastrous to her._ Funny ...... :-?* o ti 5--i?m?v» ti mnltfnf rradv for tbo departure. Gertrude finally composed, her appearance, and called the girl to aid her in changing her dress. Sho would give ri.-o to no' Eurmiees and impertinent discussions among servants, and if she finally concluded on any plan, she must bo calm and strong lo oarry it out. n At dinncr-limo Bbo went down,- cold and Etately, hut her husband had left word that he shouid dine at his club. , Isabel eamo runing in, all alert. ' Gertrudo I why did you leavo so early ? Wero you ill? ' No— quite the contrary— Rudolph wished it.' ' What a pity. It was such a delightful party. I made quite a conquest of an old Indian nabob— ho hod been married to a begum with 110 end of treasures, and she died and ho possessed'all. If 1 felt quite surq lie would follow so laudable an example, I would possibly take his name for a little while, to ; have his rupees for a long while. But, Ger trude, why aro you so pals and dull? You nro ill ; arid I seem lo lier.r tho ntir of preparation in tho house— the breaking np of acuuip. What does it mean ? 1 '? It mean?,' Raid Gertrude, with repressed pannion, ' that Lird C-istlcmaiuo seen fit to breel: tip hrre, without warning, and order the household down to. Neath to-morrow morning. I am very sorry for you, Isabel. It is most ?.li;-;racntol of U'j to ir.aommodo you in ibis ?j.My, V a do net whli lo go.home until tho s!om of ihc.rcASun.. Yon will r.ot want to go to L';dy Crfj-on.' ' My dearest 1 ,1 am disturbed, not on my account bi-.t yours. I can go to Hiss Allerton she has iw!;oil mo repeatedly, and 1 am 'to be her first bri irnnir.M yoa know, as 1 wan your?. X', is uhluei'.'y for a fitrl to be first brides maid often ; phi ia never bride.' '?Bunnell tiio better for liorl' cried Ger trudo with emotion. ' ily'ilearoitl' 3&id; Isabel, takinglier hand, and enrensicg it. : '? I am co grieved for 7,111. I understand this. It is Castlemaine. pride, and Castlemaiuo jealousy. . 'But the , method is mcdireval. I. had .no idea this Lard Guslleraaino would follow the example oi hia ancestors.' ... ' What example do you mean ?' 'Why, do you cot, know? Are yon so littlo read in iho traditions oi yoiir ancient family.' ' 1 ' ft i a not ray family. I- believe I hate antiquity uud pedigree.' - ' So do I, always rxcopt in tho directions e! o'.d laeo and hereditary jewels. But tho inetancea aro these. Charles IT. looked approvingly nt nLady Castlemaine — not that sho cver.'iiuv- the look— but tbo lord and master -promptly carried hor oft to Neath, ar.d thero guirisonod himself with her in safety, till tho psricd of their joint lives. Another lndy Crvsllomaine, of a musioal taste, admired a baritone or 0 busso, or some other li»ht cf tho opera, quite harmlessly, you know, ns wo would admire a good organ or p.-ss.hl.v a mnaie box, and sho also was swept ? cf: to Neath, and .'lie never eamo back. For her no mors opera, or theatre, or ball, or garden party, or high lea, or tableaux! Poor soul, sbo might better havo died and done wit.lr.it? Why did the riot tako a dose of poison, or an 'aspic,' liko Cleopatra.' 'If either of them had any nanso, when ' thoy were tired of captivity, they might have luii away arid hidden themselves.' ' There wero no railroads in those days, nor steam vessels to' the Continent, or to the other t.idc cf tho world. My dear Gertrudo, if you racen to resort to suoh desperate measures, lay by ycu p. noble store ot pin money and jvvr.l.-, for in thia ago oven a hirnine eum'.oi live without cash.' ? Dinner was served. In tho csntro of the table stood a splendid basket of wliito lilacs ; their perfume filled all ..the. room.- - ' ' ' White lilae3 so lato in tho season I' oned Isabel, and running to tho table, sho bent over, drew. the centre-pieoe to hor, and buried her fsce in tho euowy, fragrant ? iriass. . 'Flowers! flowers' 1' sho whispered, ' you aro my witnesses. Am X not keeping ray vow ? A littlo lonfier, and ail will ba done 1' Shortly after dinner Gertrude exoused _her [rii; to Isabel aud went to her room. A little later Lord Cistleaiaiuo oame in, and finding Isabel in tbo drawing-room, explained as well aa ho could thejsadden departure. ' Pray don't Hpsak of it. I think you are very vriij. You are doing juat right. I will go to Miss Allerton. I have seni her a note. Ob, ! e.nvy Gertrude going down to that lovely home, so safe, so sweet, so noble 1 Nothing to do but ba goad and happy. Ah, If I had a horns lifts Neath, I th'ink I should ask no thing better than to livo there all the time; doir.j; good to ray tenantry ; making the coun- ' try batter and happier, aud upbu.lding the glory of an illusttiaus historio name.''' Nightbroughtcnunsel. Giirtrude saw plainly thai her own dignity required tnat ane snoum go quietly to Neath.' If sha made any esoa padea, it must bo when drivon to greater ex tremes. ' Aa for Lard Castlemaine, hi3 heart had pro;vn aoathctic with excess of bin musing.. He did riot know thnt I10 was misjudging his young v;ife. Tbo lovely fabric of his hope aud fiffeotion S'enaed to ii'.ve fallen in ruins ahent him. The futuro waa hopeless— the pre sent waa pa'n. . ' Lord aud Lady Caatlemaiae breakfasted alone in utter uilence. 'N In Pilenno they entsred the carriage to go to Ihe station —in eiienon thoy made the journey to Neath, in tbe reserved, first- class car. IS was on! 7 about a year slnc-a, full of joy and 1 o;:e, Gutrude had gone to her new homo after he; bridal tour. Then time wa3 _ 1 1 1.. * V, rt r\f ftfYdrt tion between tho married lovers. Now all was glaom and silence. G'rtrude fixed her Esze upon the landscape— it wa3 beautiful Kent, with its lo-.v, green hill?, its cathedrals, its villages, its thatuhed cottages. Lord Castlo maiue rend tho London Tim:s. Intensely tsuthful and honourable, Gar: trude was woun- aed in her tenderest senaibi (ies by tho suspicions and accusations ot -her husband. One ci hor traits was obstinacy, and in this she shut herself up. She would , never yield ; Rudolph mu- 1 como to see that hehadwuongod'her, and must make the hum blest apologies. Sbedidnotknowthat aheoould forgive him even then. Onhlspart, Lard Castlemaino, beholding, hor sngcr and gloom, attributed it to her intorost in Colonel Lennox, and distress at being partod from him. Ha could not havo made a greater mistake. All the jay of a return to his ancestral home,, which he deeply loved, waa taken from Lord Caatleir.aine. Gertrude regarded Nar.th as a prison, and hated it cordially. , - , A divided life now began between this ill fated pair. Very often Gertrude did not oome to broaklaet' If sho did, she met her husband with a cold nod, and tho two read their letters and thoir newspapers as they sipped their _tea and ate their egga and toast. After breakfast Lord Castlemaino busied himself with the cares of a great estate; he wrote, and saw his steward in.iha library ; ha took long rides to examine different farms, or visited cottages that woro in need of ropair3, or cchool houses which should be improved. A yoar befare, all plans, all interests had been discuase,! with Gortrudo. She had gono with him on horseback to the farm's ; she had' euchanted all tbe tenants with her oouiteBy; sho had called at the cchool-houses ; : and fascinated tbe old bachelor.rector in tho rec tory, and visited the cottages, scattering gifts with a tjountilufnanu. Tho two met at dinner, but neither ftsked tho other how the day had been spent ; thero wero uo animated discussions. Gertrude' did not tell ltadolph of tho young mother whom Bbo bad found weeping over her dead babe, nor 0! tho ngsu widow wiiom sno uaa com forted; rior did Rudolph ask Gertrudo for a wooding trouwrau for the ftauaekeeper's niece, or for a christening robe for a baby on some farm near Iiedmoss. . / Aiter dinner, Lord Castlemaine read alono in his library, or smoked hiaoigaras.hopaced tho terrace. Lidy Catitlemaiue walked alone iu tho gardens, or sat with some idle knitting in her -hand3, or eat down to her piano, whioh she pointedly left if her husband appeared. ? Such a life as this is killing, espeoiallyjf it intervenes like a sudden frost on the warm, budding spring oi youth. ' Lord Castlemaine had tha relief of occupation, for he was a landlord who realized hia duties toward his dependents. Gertrude had two souroes of relief, one was long walks, and hours of wan dering in tho wide and beautiful grounds ot Neath Abbey. There sho, found' not i only kith gardens, shaven lawns, parks delicotely islcared of all undergrowth, but wild streams, Suep, lonely' dells, thick woods, winding waits among t|ie firs, where lor hours eho would hear no step save hor own. Sho bo eamo accustomed to these lonely rambles, and her pervants became nccustomed to seeing her go for hours unaccompanied, te wander iu tho abbey parks. Tho year before she had beon doeply inter ested in the tenantry, especially tho poorer clas9. Her unbounded generosity found scope among theno, who looked np to her as a visible Providence. Tho largo num whioh ehe rcoelved as ' pin-money' from her hue band, and that other larse sum, whioh Lady Craven relieved her mind by regularly remit ting to her heiress daughter, enabled her to supply every want that eamo to her know ledgo. . Tho housekeeper, mindful of her lady a difposition, aa soon aa she returned to tho abbey, laid before her all eases of need— this ono ciok, that old damo gone blind, the mothc-r whose children needed to be fitted out for cchool, the baby that must havo olathin;, tho lama boy that wanted 0 wheel chair, tho young girl that should learn a trade. Gartrude was too genorous to turn a deaf ear to any of these picas, and in them she found some relief for her Borrows. In her hourB of lonely musing as oho rest lessly wanderod alone, sho tried to form somo plan for her futuro. This life would become unendurable; sho would go mad. After a wliilo sho would insist on going to her mother at Eistdale Park, in Sussex, her own future estate. Maanwhile, not knowing what might happen, sho recalled Isabel's advico about money, and woekly put a sum into a locked casket in her boudoir. Sha never counted it to see how much sHe had, but the very fact of this saving oaused her mind often to revert to that plan of flight, of losing herself to all who had ever known her, and pursuing life in hor own way. Sho felt suro that Rudolph, if he had over loved her, had now changed lovo to hato, and sho hover considered that disappearance would crush her mother's hap piness. She supposed that sooiety would oonsolo hor mother for anything. She did not yet know a mother's heart. Ono evening, as Lord Castlemaino was returning to tho abboy, hia soul full of bitter pain over his lost lovo and blighted home, ho Baw a young carpenter of tbe village nearing hia own village. This young fellow had been married two or three months before tho earl, who had given him a splendid set of tools as a bridal gift. No .v this young workman was going home with eager face and long, swing ing strides ; and now, from hia door came out the young wife, joy iu her pretty face, a little infant in ' a g.?wn of sprinkled pink' lying on her arm, and went to meet her husband, whom ehe greeted with a kias. The young fellow kissed, also, his babe, whom he regarded with evident prida and astonishment at its beauty and brightness ; then taking his wife's hand, th9y walked home, the mingled Bound of their happy voices ooming cltatly to the earl on the evening air, and sending arrows of anguish through his soul. When he lifted hia head again he was passing tho window of a cottage, and there within, sat Gertrude, in her white dress of Indir mul!, and her clusters of roses, _ and on her lap lay tho cottager's babe in i^a white christening robe. ' How lovely was Gartrude ; what sweetness in her face, ? bent above tbe little babe, ihe picture pursued her husband ami flilfld his dreams throUDh all the night. CHAPTER XL. \- A lEStiEB PIiiNT. .'Gertrude,' said Lord Castlemaine the next morning, laying down his paper when the servant had left tlio breakfast-room, 'car. yon not try and be a littlo happier horo? Yoti' aavo lost all your gay opirits. I think yon are a little palo, aud yon are listless and sad Oan you not oast away all that is unpleasant in tbo past, and bo happy '?' 'No, I cannot I' said' Gertrude, sharply. ' And why not, Gartrude ?' ' Baoauso I have nothing to ' be happy, ibout.' ' It soems to me, on tho contrary, that you are ono whom all oan envy ; health, youth, oeanty, fortune, position, home- — ' ' Prison, you mean,' interrupted Gartrude. ;1 You can fasten birds np in » cage, but- you aannot make them sing there.' ' I am sorry if my home— if Neath Abbey, is a prison to you.' ??? ? 'I hate Nsath Abbey 1' oried Gertrude hotiy. ~ . ? ? . 'Can I taka you any whore whero you will ba happier. Will you go. to Switzerland? Or shall I taka y ou to our shooting lodgo, up ia the Highlands. Yju may like tho scenery . rlinrn '* . . . 'I do not wish to be t-jJcen anywhere. , It is the taking that I objeot to. You sneak 03 if I wore an infant or an idiot, and as a married woman I suppose legally I am the latter.' \ 'Gertrude, yon surpriso me! Why do you cherish these feelings toward mo.' ' Because you have given mo the bittoreat occasion. You took mo away from London against my will, and as if I were a criminal I Everyone is pondering and talking. Agnes Soourton wrote me that there a thousand wonders over it, and Isabel says she is weary nf antwering questions about Lady Castle maine. You have disgraced me, nnd delibar ately ruined my life. You oould not hav- been moro cruel. You said onca, that you could bo oruel to ono you fondly loved. ] muet take tho cruelty then aB a proof that onco you loved me, though it i3 a poor proof, and I would rather havo less love and lesshate.' ' Believe me, Gertrude, I havo lovf d you, 1 do love yon with all my heart — with the whol, 1 strength of my nature.' ' And you prove it by making me miser able— oauselestly miserable 1 I wish none oi suoh love.' The servant's return prevented further talk, and Gartrude hastoned to her room to avoid continuance of tbo conversation. - Lord Castlemaine told himself that thif was tbe wilfulness of a high-tempered girl, who was unuBed to any interference. Bj degrees tho excitement and passion of hei leaving London would bo a thing of the past ? md they would bo reconciled. ? He had hoped that there being alone would Iraw them nearer together, and restore mutual confidence. It seemed to put them farther aaunder. ' A third paity would make it needful for thera to speak more together, and be rnoro cordial than now. He would reque.at Gertiuda to invite friends. . A3 for Gertrude, the short conversation in which sho had so illy met her huaband't pao:fio advances arouoed to fresh heat all her anger. As sho had said, she nouriahed an in - tense hate of Naath. She hated the faniilj flirts thn axmnfiM Kaortiioo nil tViufc hflfinftki I tho antiquity of the lino. She told herself that it wa? pride of pedigree that made -Rudolph io exacting; he felt that he oould dominate her beoauao ' his family was better than hera.' Flo had said so. What, an insult! Of all ?things Blie hated the picture-gallery with the family portraits ; ehe hated those dark, proud, self oonlident lords, every one looking as if he cried, ' Castlemaine 'against the world ! ' _ ' It is just the story of the old 1'rench sieur put into Englieli I ' oried Gartrude to hereelf. ' There is the pope, and there ia the king, but [ am a Castlemaine 1 ' * But-of all things she hated the portraits of ihe Ladies Castlemaine— thoso mild, delicate featured, meek Ladies Castlemaine. Some of the earlier ones poaaibly had hardly know how. so read. M iny of them for sola accomplish ments playing on the spinet, and working on tbo tambour-frame ; but thoy had all . known how to obey, arid it was this feminine meek ness and weakness that had ruined the earls of Castlemaine. ' Well, at last there should be a Lady Castle naine who would hold her own and fight to the death. 11 1 wish,' she cried to thom; in her ^tuty, ' that you would all come alivo. out of^ypur. frames just one minute, to hear what, idmtn . I think you, and let you know that I- am, a. higher spirit than you. It would ; bo . worth somothing ovon to disgrace tho namo of audi a weak-minded lino of -oountes?es, 'not ono of you able to claiin-your own.:fcoul .for. your : own 1 ' ; Y Gertrude's state of excitement wbs_ ouch that alio did not seo the'absurdity of this out burst to the family portraits. '. Sho, was iu n singularly oxoilcd ntrvous stato. whioh ehe , did not realizo and the true oauso of' which aho did not gueas. .. , Unfortunately, tho only reason that Lard Caatlomaino could aesign for his wife's con tinued anger and ob3tinaoy wis tbe lingaring regret for Colonel Lannox. He was 01 t.n in-, teneoly jealous disposition, and he uaa neard people say that Colonel Lannox wa3 ti mau singularly foscitatin' to most womon, and able to exerciso over them the moat unbounded . . /- inlluence. The idea that Colonel Lannox had dared to follow hia wife to Bith I Even though-, . he accepted Gartrude'o stateriisnt that she had nothing to do with it, it showed cloarly that the colonel was sufficiently interested to watch all her movements, and that he had felt con fident of a good recaption at hor hands. Still; :? Gartrude was his wife; ho lovad her well. Things might go back to nearly the old tender - ' footing, if she would lay asido her pique, and treat bim as in happy days. Shewaaguilty only | ' of heedlessness, tho folly ofinnoeenceandinex- ^ perience. Hemust olo3e up the broach between thom at all hazard. Gartrude was sitting in ono of tho long, or. en windows of tbe Neath drawing-room, looking upon tho terrace, her hands in- hot lap, her head leaned back against the crimson chair-cuahion. Lord Castlemaino eamo up bo-.. : hind her and laid in her lap two heavy bunobea of white roses. 'x ? 'See, Gartrude, your; own flowers 1 ,Wa_ shall grow famous for our rones noon. John oon thinks he oan produce a new variety, the very orown of white roses. We will call it tho . ' White Castfemaioe.',' , . ' Why, you have no (lowers on your dress, as you usually have I ' . ' ; . ' Flowera are for the happy.' ' But I wish you to bohapny, Gartrude.' 'Yes, in your way ; but happinosa ia not made to order.' ' At lea3t you oan v.'aar soma flowera 1 Sae, I will arrange you a .cluster for your belt.' Ha began breaking off an- combining the flowers, and thon bent to put tha full; oluater in its place. Gartruda suffered him to dp it, but only 03 one '.s-ho con d jug-'. V, -lii ho had finished, she said : ? / 'I don't lovo flowers 83 onco I did ; tho odor is too heavy, it overpowers me, - jflnd - she pushed the remaining blossoms frorn her lap. ' Gertrude,' said Lord Castlemaino. ignor ing this. Suppose wo have somo ono invited to the abbey. I am away about the estate a great deal, and you seem not to'.oare about horseback riding as you once did; you are lonely : why not invite some friends.' ' It is your homo,' said Gertrode, coldly ; ' invite whom you choose.' 'But I want the company os you choose,' said Lord Castlemaine. ' It isfor your sake, I was very happy laet year, whon wa were hera alono ; but now I think yeu need, some one to amuse you.'' ' - - ' Understand,' naid Gertrude, clearly, ' that I will invite no ono here. You hava found much fault with my cboicc of acquaint ances, and havo asac-rted a right to givo inn orders aa to how I sl^ll treat people that. X meet. If I should aelc.any onc: it '.Sight chance that you wero not pleased, arid I -should expose gueats to unpleasantness.' 'You have never yfound v mo laoking in . courtesy or hospitality.' When we- agree upon a guest, you kntiw my house and atten tion are at their -disposition.''. \- 'When we agree,' said. Gartrude. 'That is, I may go to you, and say ; ' Do you per mit me to ask such a one? May I make Buoli a friend? May I speak to this one?' Clearly, then, I mako no friends, and give no . invitations on suoh terms.' ' ' Gertrudo, why will you misunderstand mo? You know I never, but in one instance, interfered -in the slightest degree with your social life. And that waa wliere inteiference was imperatively needful, and where I waa in a much better position to judge' than you were. Colonel Ijannox was a very bad man.' ' Yea, a wretched parveuue, laoking, as I do, some fifty known ancestors in n -straight' line behind him. However, I prefer riot to discuss Colonel Ijennoi with you. By your jealousy, in London, you havo mnde.nie a,. marl: for envious tongues, we buoiiiq neyer agree on ? that question '; why continue it ? Among all my faults, 1 have one virtue. I hate all censoriousness* and uncharitable speaking of thoso who are not at hand to do fend themselves.' ; , Sho rose, aud stepped out on the balcony. - Tho moon had risen and flooded the abbey gardens with silver light. Johnson, the hs ad' gardener, was passing a broad walk. ? ' Johnson I' oried Lady Caatlemaine, ?' you told mo that the true time to sea the American Yucca waa by moonlight ; you may now show it to me.' - She ran down tho flight of steps and joined the gardener, who, respectfully Btepping n few paces behind her, indioated the way to the new flower, whioh was that summer hia chief pride. .. Siok at', heart and l'estlrsa, in soul, Lord ..Castlemaine also went down tho terrace ond followed at a diBtanoe. Ilia wifo mado him unspeakably miserable, yet he could not endure to havo1 her out'of his sight. The faot was, Gertrude had loved Rudolph Castlemaino with all her- heart,- aa ber- first love; but hers was untutorod, untried girl'a heart, and though Rudolph had never loved before, he waa older, and of moro settled' arid experienced emotion3, and his lovo for I113 wife was far more intense and deeply rooted than hers for him. Lady Castlemaine and her gardner turned to a narrow path, and eamo to tho American Yucca. It giow' alone, iu a tminll eiroleedged with a eloee out border of thickly growing artillery plant. Within this circle of smoky, flame-flecked green rosa the yucca in a basket / five feet in diameter of wide green leavea bent baok one above the . other, Until their, sharp points touched the earth .from whioh they grew. Out of thia natural basket shot the ahaft of tho plant to a height oi eight feet, arid tbi3 shaft for fully five feet waa a mass of snow-white blooiri— great bells, as if carved of alabaster, the lower flowcr-sterno being tho longest and most' heavily laden, until tho whole waa a pyramid of pearl-white beauty flooded by the white light of tho moon. ' Saw you ever tho like, my lady ?' oried tho eoatalic Johnson. ' I did not wish you to aec it until every flower-bell was open, nutl hero it stands-alone, under the moon, , like n great white ghost, or a beautiful spirit— a white angel of flowera in tho midst of the garden.' '. . _ 'You are pootic, Johnson,' said Lady Castlemaino.' . . ? -v 'X-.' ''Eh, my lady? . Well, it ia just a. eight to stir a man's soul. And, my lady, alnnding baok. here aa I am, I. cannotMell you how much your ladyship is 'like Ihe flower. . In your white gown, my, lady, and with your height, standing there so still, you . are just :.. liko tho yuoca, my lady.' „ ' Thanks for the compliment',-- Johnson,' , said Lady Castlemaine. ' I ? wonderyif^ja^— - - years to oomo, when the yuooa bloonia,! shall come here to Bee it, and you will sti'l think mo like the flower.' - - . 'May the Lord send you many years to . oomo into the garden, my lady. But for this yucca— at least, hereinEngland— whenithas given one suoh perfect bloom as this, it nevet blooms again.' . , , V (To be Continued.) ? 4QI. . - : ' 