???''! iE0H0ES*0F MELB0URE. ?? i; Jjl!i! , ?:.iii.|(BT,THE GH0ST.):' '-'.;j;': ?ll 'The' :6pp0Biti6ri appear- to- have realised thati the Irrigation ? 'question is' not; pne 1ih':lI'lregard-ll0to-'i whichr '?'? 'any r; success ful1 ! ' warfare j J with' : the : Government catt' !-'be!J| waged, and - MrJ ? '' Bent annbunced that honourable members on the .'Sneaker's' left' were quite willing to allow the second reading of the bill, which is- to convert theparched and arid north-eastern portion of the colony into a land flowing with- water if not with milk and honey to be passed without debate. The escape from the 'seven hours ?? of oratorical- display, promised by tho Chief Secretary/ when he introduced the. measure in a four hours' speech, had evidently put members in a good humour. But the Government Trere apparently afraid of taking advantage of the opportunity of advancing public business arid declaring the easy course available, put up the [Attornej-Ceneral to give tho explanations which his colleague Mr. Deakin had promised. As is often the case Mr. Wrixon contrived to throw so much light on the '^question, that honourable gentlemen are now wavering as to whether or not to support the scheme quite as much as Mr. Wrixon generally wavers in regard to any matter upon which he is required to , form an opinion. Kead by the light of his remarks, the irrigation Bill of the Govern- , ;ment is not as far as the farmers are con cerned of tho same 'rosy' character as. Mr. Deakin made it appear. Every drop of water 'conserved' is to be paid for,. the return of every farthing advanced by way \ of loan to the various Water Trusts, ; rigidly Insisted upon, and every Agricul turalist whose holding is included in an irrigation, area compelled to pay for( the water, whether he uses it ' or i not. Well might Mr. ? Patterson; Vj/a critic of the measure, called into; activity : bv the action, of the Ministry in refusing the opposition offer tc allow the second reading to pass without comment, place on recordTiis opinion that the farmers' would : hesitate before accepting the 'advantages' offered by the Government scheme. Hitherto as Mr.Patterson somewhat 'naively admitted,f armors had imagined they were to have the water for nothing. Hence their affection for the Deakin-Gillies : coalition. When they found out, as they would; on reading the speech of the Attorney-; General that they_ would be required to pay for the fertilizing fluid, they may not be so enthusiastic in their laudation of tho Ministry. The oration of the Attorney General has undoubtedly had the effect of weakening the position of the Govern ment.. It has plainly shown that there was no ground for the feeling of jealousy thatwas growing in tho localities which were not to be benefited by Mr. Deakiri's irrigation projects, and that the ' great boon to farmers' was after all not the ' bribe to the country' it has in some quarters been represented to be. Mr.' Carter has rendered a service to the colony— which will be all the greater if he succeeds in' bis , desire-^-by moving intlie Assembly.1 for a ' Committee of Public'ac-; counts' ! similar to; that 'nominated during , each' 't ; session of the ' House of Commorisl The list'of unauthorised er-j penditure which' '-'the honourable1 'member for West Melbourne furnished to the House shows how even when 'on pleasu bent' themc'mters'bftlie Ministry displayi rthe'ir v ' f r;u'gaV ' ' iiiind'.';' iWhen,' ,' they ? arej hospitahle',' in virtuo.of their position ithoir. hospitalities : are ' undertaken ' at ' tho ^ostj of tho taxpayers, Thus the b'ariqudt to the1 delegates froiii other' colonies' at the Fe'de fatioricoriferonce cost. .£393 Ida for which sum Mr: 'Service,, as 'Treasurer 'dipped his harid'into thopublicpvirse in' afree, easy,: and accessible manner.' ,' Mr. Bdrry also in dulged in the luxury of a ' ' private ' . sec-; 'iiUra ''wVia Wnn 'rinid ' JE100 of tho -nubile inorifey,. The expenses in connection ' with the . reception; of Sir -Henry: ,Lbch' were ^6554, arid Mr. Froude's- visit; including a trip 'to Ballarai; and the ! Blackj Spur, are! set down at ^63^ The' sum expendedby the: two' Commissioners ,to. Tasniania to| negotiate1 the': ab'or'tiv'd reciprpcity- troatyj was i-189i' AsMr. Befryyaa.bne' of. thase two ' Cbiiimissioiiersr the ?' honourablp ' ' arid ?' patriotic'; gentleman',' appears of 'late— for it'mtiat' be borne in mind -'.that,' ' besides, ?being the recipient of his1 travelling and hospitality: dispensing,' ; expenses; 'ho drew liis1. full salary o'£,'JB38Qd a year-f-to have been,' doing remarkably welli When 'the '^pickings ' arid perquisites are taken into cbnsideratiori', most' people;1 will 'opine that, unlike 'the . life of the policeman in ''/the 'Pirates of ;Penzarice',-'-.i a' Victorian; 'Minister's existence is; indeed 'a happy one.'. If Mr, Carter eto^s allthis fleecing of thepublic,by the gentlxj'meri.whq are' by virtue of' their offices the custodians of its interests, liB|will'ha,Ve|done yeoman's service to the colony; Perhaps tho honour-! able' gentleman's' action rimy b'ave;the effect of preventing the future membersi Of a gov'ernmerit posing 'with -ther' position 'of Amphytripns, when the real givers-of the. feast, are the people : of the colony. 'Mr.; Gillibs] who! is evidently not anxious that : the ' secrets of the prison house'' should i leak; out; gained time to see what course to , take, by a sudden' andc'onvenie'nt attack of illness; Debate on thesubjeot was, in con sequence- of- the' Premier's 'indisposition, postponed for awiek. -Then we shallsee; what we shall see; ?'?' ' ''??'? ''??' ? '' ?'?l.''r: There must be 'a fashion' even in crime, or' else as sjme political economists' allege,! 'outrages are epidemic. Just at the present; moment husbands are afflicted' alt over j the colony wi th a mania for wife desertion.; The last Government Gaeoitecoritainsabout! i a- dozen references to gentlemen who Kavei forgotten the obligations of their )mrarriage| vows,' and left the partners of their sorrows, landjjoys'lamehting; .If the 'ladies-are de-; i sirousof effecting a cure of this too prevale'iiti : complaint, they have the reinedy in'theirj -own 'hands. Let them only be^half'a's amiable ' during the whole of ? their ; matri- ! mo'nial career, as they were.durihg the first; F week of this 'sad experience,'' and; there j will be no more absconding husbands; 'and deserted, wives :: Wife beating is also :ini !the colony increasing to an alarming' 'ox-; tent; and' Victoria' bids' fair ? ere .longito' rival Lancashire,' arid 'its- '.'elog'i wearing | natives in' brutality. :' In addition to the woinen kicked to death i by her' drunken husband a few days since, another, victim has succumbed to the hobnailed boot of her husband; If the amiable gentlemen who batter the life out of the mothers of -their , children, were treated to a taste of i the ?, cat: in the' shape of corporial punishmenti the! degrading crime would very1 soon cease. As; iMr. Walker the Commissioner, i of- ?Custonis! lately remarked during; the course of' the drawbacks debate, V, bullies are irivariabljr cowards.'' ?.?.?:..?,!?,;? -^ -; ?!_?:!:. .?i'.C And apropos of this : drawback : business, ? the names of the delinquents are 'to 'ibe, furnished in the report to belaid onthe; table of the Assembly. '?? Until this is done: all reference to tho names of the' perpe- ? -trators of the fraudis inexpedient, i When : the names are made public it will be 'found that a reputation for honesty, veracity, and: pureness of life is not incompatible with 'a desire to get as much as possible out of the Government— honestly if possible, and if not i honestly; ! then, by ithe best I means ?available;'.:-, - ????????. ?'???? - '???? ;?? ????'? '?? ?:? Julyill; _;: -' ' y -:????:: _ I' ?:' -( ? . i : n . ?-) :?.-,;? ?.-'? ?;?? ???'? - - ? ? ~ ? ? ' ??/'Thb Reobkt .Raiiavat Disaster. — Mr C. H. Grant, General Manager of the Main LineRailway,has received a calbegram froin the; directors' of the Company in London, expressing their great regret at the recent accident' near Brighton, and expressing their deep sympathy with the' sufferers. Our Hobart correspondent telegraphed last niffht that he was able to report a general improvement in the condition ot the rail way sufferors. 'All the Ministers were im proving, and Dr. Agnew was ? considerably better. The Minister was able to .leavo his bed for some time to-day and to take a warm hip bath. Mr. F; H; Wise was also progressing, the erysipelas ' having been arrested, and his recovery from his in juries is now only a matter of time;' ' Mr. A. St. Leger, one of the uninjured pas sengers, who rendered a good deal of attention to those less fortunate, has ? re ceived a letter of 'thanks from Mr. C. H. Grant; with a cheque for £,& enclosed. The com-mittpe of the relief fiirid'have decided to send ' subscription lists to the Mayor of Launceston; arid the wardens' of all inurii ipalities.' ?' ; ' ;- ;' ?'??;??. ' ; :'''; ? Lattncbston Tajbernaole. — Thursday, the fourth of a series of meetings for men only, in connection with the LaunceBton Tabernacle, was- held in- the School-room, Cimitiere-street. The attendance was moderate; and - the Rev.; A.- Bird presided. The chairman having given ? a very abld and aristructive address on the 'fWordleas Book,' ; Messrs. T. Williams' and W; G. ?Edmonds ! spoke, at' some length. Much interest was manifested in the addresses, ?which -were interspersed with i solos given by Messrs.- Hi Ei Ratcliif and- W. L. Stokes.'MrJ T. WvRatcliff; presiding- at the .organ.'in; aniable manner.* :To- night the last meeting of this series will be held at 8 o'clock. 