Notice to tlie Public,—Please to note my time of Publishing is 9 a.m. every Friday Watch Ah 6am go Boundabout, Calling at the Porte; Eating, feeds which Mayors shout, Praising Miners' quartz. I am not like liim, I'm bound, And I'll tell, you why. I, in my career around, Don't leave out Mackay. The Separation Council have fpur bands engaged copying and indexing the Separation petition, there will be three copies besides the original, and there will also be a list of classifications showing profes sions, trades, &c.; There are over 9400 signatures, out of which, only twelve have been found to have Bigned twice. The length of it will be about 550 feet, and the cost of bringing to its present state will amount to about one thousand pounds, the work has now been in band over twelve monthsy and has been a most arduous undertaking. The first annual report is now in the printers' hands, and will show the amount of real hard >work that the promoters have had to do. It; is expected that the number of signatures will reach over 10000, and that it will be delivered to the Governor by the end of May. It will be the loingest petition ever signed in Queens land. A certain Toowoomba newspaper undertook to report a sermon delivered on the occasion of opening a new German Church, at Westbrook, The reverend preacher quoted the well-known question "Can a mother forget her sucking child P" and the Chronicle put it thus "Can a mother forget her sulking child?" No, Mr. Chronicle, I assure you she can not, at least, my mother did not forget my youthful sulks, neither did she forget a certain enlivening slipper which she considered a sure remedy for sulky fits, and she waB not far wrong either. An editor is as frail as other mortals, but few editors would include among "the expected arrivals- in his shipping news, the following:—" Chyebassa S.to leave London, January 12." It was in the Telegraph that I read this on the 17th of May, and it filled my soul with anxiety. Where, oh, where is the " Chye bassa" now, if she is still expected to arrive four months out from London P A squatter writing to the Town and Country Journal says that for ten years back he estimates that one-sixth of the labouring class in the bush have been idle, while at the present moment there must be four-fifths out of employment. "I can safely say," he adds " that there is no country under the old flag where unskilled labourers are in such abject want, and only for the dry and temperate climate coupled with the hospitality of their more fortunate brothers and a few squatters, stories of starvation and death would be common." This is not an over drawn picture by any means, and is as applicable to Queensland as it is to New South . Wales, let the Telegraph say what it chooses. ' The committee who have arranged for the disputa tion between Dr. York and Mr. H. A. Long are termed a *'joint" committee. I would suggest the phrase, "disjoint committee," as. more applicable to each. And when either man goes away from Bris bane with hiB pockets well lined, his admirers will picnic him. • Then they'll be a " jaunt" canter.' Arnold Morley, the new, Liberal whip in the House of Commons, is a young man, and what the adies call so good looking; He is a hard working man, though his father is reported to have an income of <£200,000 a year. Like Sam, he is a lawyer, but there the resemblance stops. The arrival of the nine ton boiler of the Come, G-. M. Co., from Cannibal Creek and over the Palmer caused as much excitement at the Comet the other day as would that of H.R.H. Ah Sam or the King of Siam's late White Elephant's Ghost. It is 27ft. 6in. long, and 6ft. 6in. high, and was mounted on an mmense carriage specially constructed to carry it to its destination. It took sixty-eight bullocks to take it over the Palmer crossing, and then "one' of the animals died on the way. Although the J>lace choBen ■ for the crossing* was as good a one as it was possible to select, it was covered with innumerable boulders of various sizes, and it was terrific work getting the boiler over some of these. When I say that none of the drivers belonged to the Social Purity Society or Y.M.C.A., you will understand that the language used by them when the carriage stuck at a big boulder, or a chain broke, was more adapted for a brewery than a church. What is either a new and strange disease, or the effects of poisoning, or of sun-stroke, has broken out amongst the horses about Birdsville and Cluny. The symptoms are these:—They get very hollow, tremble like a leaf, and stagger and fall down. Sometimes they sit back on their haunches, all the while making desperate but ineffectual efforts to go forward. They become very poor, and some die, those that survive the attack being useless. Police Inspector Murray, of Blackall, has reported the matter to the Chief Inspector of Stock. A correspondent hailing from Capella calls my attention to the immodest behaviour of the lengths men along the railway line which has caused con siderable annoyance to passers-by. Should an offender read this, I hope he will mark and learn that in a civilized country such things can not be tolerated for ever. A constable, at Gym pie, underwent an experience lately which left him a sadder man. It was on a Sunday a>nd he observed a woman wending her way towards a public house with something shaped like a jug, concealed underneath her apron. Thinking that this was a chance to distinguish himself, he retired to a secluded corner of the court house and watched. On the way back, however, he was spotted by jbhe woman who, returning to the pub gave back the jug (for jug it really was) and asked the landlady for a loaf of bread. This she concealed in the place where the beer had been, and again ventured forth. " What have you got under your apron ? '' demanded the delighted constable, approaching her.1' "Whisky, you demon/' she replied, " smell it/' and producing the loaf she just gave him one with it on the nose, and that bread was the hardest thing in the whisky line which the constable has known since the New Licensing Act. An English tradesman in a north country town allowed such an accumulation of dirt in his scales that it went three ounces against his customers. He was told to clean them and to pay ten shillings. He did the latter, but I have not yot' heard whether he performed the former. The Slammophone is a new American: invention, j It is an instrument which can be fastened to a door, to discourse sweet music as people come in or go out. I am getting one for the door of my cashier's office which will play as an advertiser comes in, "Don't let it be months before we part/' and when a creditor passes through, it will play the old, old song, "Wait till the clouds roll by." Most dismal accounts continue to reach me from Banana. The drought still continues there in all its severity and there is absolutely no grass for the winter. The Divisional Board Well is still holding out splendidly considering the strain that is put upon it; 50 head of horses besides cattle watering at it, as well as the inhabitants, who will have to migrate should this last riesource cave in. At a Township up north (not very far) the inhabi tants have been enjoying a novel experience. The new chum " Mimber of the Foorce" has been, to talk mildly, playing the fool, and it has become no unusual thing for a lumberer to be awakened by him with this request "Get up for God's sake I am poisoned and give me an emetic." The discharge this constable wanted could be given to him without the aid of an emetic. But then he is only a poor maligned police man, I suppose. The Gladstone volunteer corps shall not be dis banded have said a large majority of the members, on a motion that it should be being put to them. It was Mrs. Malaprop, who remarked that the peas in her garden were the most profligate that ever was, and now I hear that a certain lady in Toowoomba, wrote to the schoolmaster giving it as an excuse for her son's absence, the following:— " lily boy, Peter was absent yesterday, because his father was busy profligating cuttings and required Peter's assistance." •; ; 