The Last of Jumbo. Jumbo has been stuffed, and his carcase is now on show in the labouratory of Professor Henry A. Ward, the Rochester taxidermist. Then- his hupe bulk now. stands, an efEfiv of departed greatness, and squints sardonically at his well-scraped skeleton, which has been skil fully put together and set up in another comer af the room. Professor Ward took the contract some time ago, 'and he has successfully carried it out. The first thing was to build a hqge frame nf wood and iron tnat should conform to the beast's well-known shape. This was boarded up with two-inch strips until it looked like a hogshead mounted on four piles of kegs. Then the hide half an inch thick and weighing 1,538 pounds was drawn over this frame. The hide was taken off his huge carcase in three pieces, and steeped in a solution of arsenic, alum, and corrosive sublimate for two months before it went upon the wooden status of Jumbo. Then his tusks were stuck into the sockets prepared for them, little brown glass eyes were put in their places, a coquettish twist was given to his trunk, and Jumbo was himself again. The whole structure, weighing about three tons, stands on a strong platform, and is so bolted together that the fatigues of travel are not ex pected to injure it at all. As the effigy stands on its pedestal in Professor Ward's labouratory, it is 14 feet long, 12 feet high, 18 feet about the girth, 4 feet 10 inches across. the ears, and 5 feet 3 indies around the foot. In places the skin-in I^£ inches thick, and looks and feels like the bark of an old maple tree. It is sewed up so neatly that the seams cannot be discovered, and it is held to its place on the wooden frame by more than 74,000 nails. There are sparse coarse hairs all over it, and those on the trunk are sharp aid stiff as needles. There were » number of longer hairs growing at the tip of his tail, but the enterpising young vandals of Canada plucked them out while he wss lying State at St. Thomas and sold them to relic hunters at 5 dols. each. In transportation, pedestal and all will be lifted upon a wagon which is twenty- five feet long, and can be raised and lowered at will. This will be drawn about ihp --in-r »t Mariison-scmare Garden with the children on the back 01 tne wooaen monster, 1 just as in the days when he enjoyed a. flesh and blood and gingerbread existence. Wagon and all will be loaded upon a special car, the body of which is only six inches above the ground. Next in importance to the substantial ghost of 'J. Africans,' stands his skeleton. This would stock a bone-boiling establishment for a year. It weighs 800 pounds, and is said by Professor Ward to be the larges skeleton of a modern terrestrial mammal in the world. It towers up in the air, a framework of huge, bleached 'bones and ribs, held together by iron and copper rods, bolts and rivets, Jumbo was not by any means the venerable monster that many people supposed him to be. He was not twenty-five years old when he forgot to get out of the way of that rail-road train, and had many years more to get his growth. He in creased seven inches in height while in America. His tusks, which were worn off short by perpetual rubbing against the walls of his English prison cell, grew a foot. What the art people would call 'a private view' of this imaiortal pachyderm was given to a number of newspaper men at Rochester. In order that the party might have a fellow-feeling for the departed elephant they were fed on ivory jelly made from the inner part of his tusks. Thus do the great live over again in their friends ! 