S.A. BAPTIST ASSOCIATION. The annual meetings of the Baptist Assoc- iation were continued in the Lecture Hall of the Tynte-street Baptist Church on Tuesday, October 12. During the day a conference of ministers took place. In the evening a largely attended meeting was held under the pres- idency of the Rev. W. Dinnis, the newly elected President of the Association. Afgter the usual devotional exercises Mr A. S. Neill presented the financial statement of the Building and Jubilee Funds. The balance sheet of the Building Fund showed to capital previously acknowledged £1,994 1s. 3d., and interest, &c.;, brought the total up toO £2,037 8s. 4d. The sums lent to Churches amounted to £1,908 1s., leaving £129 7s. 4d. in the Bank. The Jubilee Fund showed to balance brought forward and loans repaid, £112 0s. 9d; subscriptions from various Churchess £926 8s.; interest £20: total receipts to fund, £1,058 I8s. 11d. The expenditure was £797 7s. 1d., leaving a balance in Bank of £261 11s. 10d. Mr. W. Gilbert, M.P., Treasurer to the Association, stated that the receipts during the year had amounted to £494 14s. 10d. The grants to Churches amounted to £623 Os. 6d., supplies to Churches cost £51, and students £86 19s., making a total expenditure of £760 19s.; £400 had been borrowed, £200 had been repaid, making the Bank overdraft £205 1s, 9d. and deficiency £415 1s. 9d. Mr. Gilbert attributed the deficiency to the bad times, and the special efforts made on behalf of the Jubilee and Missionary Funds. At the same time the grants to Churches were excessive, and in future they should only give when they knew where the money was coming from. The expenditure would have to be reduced during the coming year. They would only have about £500 to be divided between the grants to Churches, supplying students, and general expenses. If the general expenses were kept within £50, and the supply of students cost £150, that left £300 as grants to Churches. That was the only means by which they could count on making ths funds of the Association balance. The debt could is paid off gradually, say at the rate of about £100 a year, which ought to be raised specially for that purpose. THE CHAIRMAN'S ADDRESS. The Chairman then read his address, of which the following is an abstract. The rev. gentleman based his address on 'The strength of the Church.' He said that whilst it was desirable in order to be sure of the basis of his discussion to know with some degree of certainty what the Church is he need not occupy much time in defining and fixing such basis. However widely men differed as to the qualifications for membership, whether it was by the sprinkling of infants or repentance and faith in the Lord Jesus Christ, he believed that all agreed in this — that the Church consisted of those who were the 'called of God' — for that was a funda mental part of the Scriptural idea— and those thus 'called' should be godly in life, because they were Christ's body. The distinctive peculiarity of the Church consisted in its being an entire and thorough devotion from anything that was of human nature. It did not derive its origin from man, nor could it be sustained by unaided, unchanged huma nity. It was not only not of man, but fallen human nature was hostile to its spirit and claims and opposed to it in act. The Church being a special creation of the Divine Father, and loving for its object the resolution of the divine image in man, and thus qualifying man for communion with God, who is a spirit, it was obvious that it must in its essence be spiritual and not carnal. As those who constituted the body of Christ had a new and different nature they must exist and perform their various functions with forces different from the old nature. A new and higher state implied and even demanded a new and more perfect organization, and necessitated fresh forms of power superior to the old state, Man is not regenerated for earthly purposes but for spiritual. He had been showing that the Church had a mighty inherent power, inherent because the Church is of divine origin, and was created to effect spiritual work, and to that was added that most needful strength which was required to put the power into action. But that left room for the enquiry whence was this strength derived, and how was it conveyed to the Church? Whilst he had sought to show that the primary force in the Church was inate, that was to say born with it and properly pertained to it, this need not prevent or forbid research into its source, This was the peculiar power that characterized the Divine Being. And as in the first creation He made man in His own image, it was not to be wondered or doubted if in the new and more wonderful creation He had endowed him with some of His own powers. This power was derived from God, and was conveyed to man in the new birth. The energizing form of power was given from above by the Holy Spirit. They were told — ' Now there are diversities of gifts, but the same spirit. And there are diversities of working, but it is the same God which worketh all in all.' Alford made this comment on the verses quoted — 'The varie ties of operations are not to be limited to miraculous effects, but understood com mensurately with the gifts of whose working they are the results. Thus we have God the Father, the first source and operator of all spiritual influence in all ; God the Son, the ordainer in His Church of all ministries by which this influence may be legitimately brought out for edification ; God the Holy Ghost, dwelling and working in the Church, and effectuating in each man such measure of His gifts as He thinks fit.' This then, unlike the first, cannot be re garded as interest or part of the new nature, but of something added to it. It seemed to him that this must be the case, or else there was apparently reason for supposing 'God's workmanship' was so incomplete as to be an inefficient agent, and the Church failed when it did fail because it was not properly prepared for its work. But since the force to utilize the innate power was a 'gift' which was conferred upon certain conditions being complied with, or with held if these conditions were not conformed to, it was easy to account for the limited, weak, defective labours of the Church. The power which energizes, which sets in motion the great latent strength, was not given to the cold, prayerless, or worldly. If we ' grieve the Spirit' we cut the connec tion between us and the. stream of Divine. forces, which were administered by the 'Spirit dividing to every man severally as the will.' Nothlng less powerful than this real spiritual life would hold together many of the small country congrega tions. Those who lived in the country see one thing after another started, and go off with a flourish, and with grand promise of success. Much eclat is given to some of these affairs by the elite of local society in the world and in the Churches condescending to give the support of their namee and presence occasionally. Yet as a rule each one of these showed the sad fate of its predecessor: after a fitting and struggling existence each perished. But while these mushroom things departed most of the Christian communities held their own through evil and good report with a hand to-hand fight against a score of difficulties, and in spite of a chronic state of narrow means still they lived. What was it that held these together when almost everything else fell to the ground? What but that gracious power which God had given to His loved ones? There was a matter for considera tion arising out of this which demanded a moment's thought. They accepted the maxim ' Union is strength' as being a statement of a great spiritual truth, and undoubtedly it kept within a propsr limitation, and It was a truth of no small significance. If they recognised first the union of the mem bers of the ' body of Christ with the head,' the union of the 'branches with the true vine,' then there would be a union of the various members or branches that was living and powerful. And the fellowship of believers In love was certainly a ground of strength. But if they accepted the idea in an un spiritual sense and were contented to gain apparent strength by the mere weight of numbers they made a sad mistake. A Church should not be held In honour on account of Its mere numerical force. Nor indeed should additions to the roll be granted as a clear indi cation of spiritual power. It was possible to be quite the reverse of this. Growth in num bers might be the result of a lowering of the spiritual teaching and status of the Church, and a consensus of feeling on the part of the members to make the thing go ; to employ any and every means available to win converts— a determination to popularize religion. The intense craving for growth tended to forced and even carnal methods for increasing numbers. Large numbers and regular addi tions might and sometimes did clearly testify to the deep spiritual life and power of the Church. And where this is found there also would be seen piety that was truly of the old Puritan type. There was no room for mistaking the source and course of prosperity; it was 'power from on high.' Whilst he gladly said this as the result of happy experience in the past and observation in the present, still he repeated it as a word of warning. In Church life numbers were not necessarily and logically proofs of spiritual power. If they had first the power to stand they would be able to go on to victory that might win more applause, but which perhaps required more courage and energy. Now, whether they were set in high places, in centres of population, or occupied the more retired sphere of life in the country, it behoved them all to be well assured that they were duly equipped for the warfare and work. If the Church was thus endowed the most natural conclusion was that such power was given for certain well-defined purposes, and the forces at its command were sufficient for all the work to be done. Into the hands of Church was committed the. Important work of 1 carrying out the plan of salvation' —a most solemn responsibility. How often did Churches and individuals forget this? And they might infer from what they saw that their vast resources of power were lost sight of. It was no little honour to be a 'Son of God,' but with that honour came solemn responsibili ties, And precisely so was it with the Church. If divinely imparted powers were not used, there came a time when there was 'a name to live' only. If this condition obtained for any lengthened period spiritual death was the result. The Church need not go to the world for help, for the carnal forces which gave promise of success were secretly but power- fully used by the arch-enemy against the very once that employ them. For there might be much outward activity, concerts, entertainments, dramatic readings, and carnal frolics, but spiritual death might follow. If they wished for prosperity, let them gain it by modes that were pure, by works of light, by the strength of God in Christ, by the Holy Spirit, and then their successes, if less apparent; would en dure for ever. What was required, he be lieved, to secure true and permanent success was for the Church to realize the nature and extent of Its inherent strength : to endeavour to rightly know that by prayer that power could be wrought upon by the energizing might of the Spirit of God, and then, and only then, would it be able to use the power to its fullest extent. (Applause.) At the conclusion of the address the meet ing adjourned till next day. 