MR. JUSTICE WINDEYER AND THE SCHOOL OF ARTS. Wo publish this morning some inte resting correspondence relating to Mr. Justice WisfDEYEit's retirement from the position he 1ms so long and worthily hold in tho governing body of (lie School of Arts. " A Member Wlm Knows " charges us with having based our critioism upon " distorted minor instead of actual fact." But tho text of our article was a sentence from the letter of resignation. " I regret," snid his Honor, " that I have to sever my official connection with the institution, hut tho tone of tho general meetings lately hold, and tho indifference of the great majority of members to its interests, show me that I should ho placing myself in a fnlso position by any longer holding an office to which my re- peated election has hitherto been a matter of prido and ploasuro." That, we added, is the strongest censure that could he passed upon tho present condition of affairs in tho School of Arts. Mr. Justico WivnrcvEu has the courage of his opinions and feelings, and lie has clearly indicated the reason for his action. Our correspondent snys that " long ago it was known that Dr. Baiuiy was a likely candidate for tho position, and no ono knew bettor than Mr. Windbybr that in n contest with a good rival he did not stand a ghost of a chance i'or reelection to a position which in the oyo3 of a very large number ho has miserably failed to proporly fill." We confess wo were not in the secret of Bishop Barhv's candidature, and wo suspect that he was not in it himself. It is morally certain that he would not have consulted to oppose Mr. Justice WixDEYBit. Wo have his own precedent in his refusal to contest tho election of Sir James Martin to the Senate of the University. And n shadow of doubt cannot exist, as to the Primate's sympathy with Mr. Justice Win ok ye it's hostility to tho undisguised attempt to subrort the unscctarian foundations of tho School of Arts. Mr. Justico Win- deyeh is perhaps as heterodox as Bishop Baiuiy is orthodox, hut his heterodoxy, whatever it may be, has never blinded him to the necessity of maintaining tho unscctarian chnractcr of the institution ovor which he presided. We hove often protested in these columns against the dangerous principle of multiplying dis qualifications for the offices of good citizenship. A man's religious belief or unbelief should iu no degree affect his election to a non-religious position. That, however, is not the view held hy some of those who make loud claims to he the representatives of liberalism in religious thought. Their liberalism is simply their own ism. They constitute one of the narrowest of the narrow sects which disturb tho harmony of society. The occasion of the disappointment and consequent antagonism felt by cer tain members of the School of Arts in regard to Mr. Justice Wixonvnit is generally understood hy those who take an interest in tlie proceedings of that institution. One of our correspondents, "A Member of Long Standing," refers to it with sufficient plainness. " Illiberal actions," he says, " taken recently hy some of the most bigoted mem bers of the committee to tho detri ment of a large number of liboral members of tlie institute are more than suspected to have been inspired hy the President, and are known to have had his warm approval." We think we shall not do any injustice to our correspondent, if we sny 1 lint one of these "illiberal actions-" was tlie exclusion of the Libe rator. That the exclusion of that jour nal should have been warmly supported hy Mr. .Justice WivnuvEa is easily imaginable ; in fact, the refusal of his warm support is unimaginable. Every unbiassed person who watched tho con troversy knows that the paper was not excluded because it was hotorodox, hut because it was scandalous. It was the manhood, not the orthodoxy of mem bers that east out the scurrilous sheet, and we take leave to say that the School of Arts had better disappear from the list of otir social institutions than shame the city hy tolerating cowardly attacks upon a woman's personal char acter, whose only provocation was that she was Queen as well ns woman. "A Member Who Knows" is confident that Mr. Justice Windeyku resigned because he knew he had not the ghost of a elinnee against a good rival. It is so easy and safe to make assertions of this kind when a resignation supplies opportunity for them to he made. That tho " free- thought. " party, who confess that they intend to " run " two candidates for office at the approaching aimunl election, would vote against Mr. Justice Windeyku in the event of his being willing to serve the institution for another year there is no doubt, hut wo lmve failed to discover that tho disaffec tion extends beyond that particular section of tho membership. His Honor, however, lias removed himself from tho scene of strife. " For this," says our correspondent, Mr. W. M. Foote," "tho members can simply lay the blame at their own doors, because, though tho roll shows a total of 21.00 members, a small minority of some 00 or 70, all told, has been permitted to turn general meetings into scones of disorder, and thus to lower the name of the School of Arts in tho eyes of the public." What the members have to consider, if tho great majority of thorn could he roused from the apathy of which their late President complained, is tho duty of suppressing the sectarianism which has recently vaunted itself in what should bo an entirely unsectarian institution. Nothing but tho real qualifications for tho work to he done should he recognised in tho election of officers. Every candidate who is " run " hy a sect as its "representative," no matter whether lie is a clergyman or a free thinker, should be regarded ns disquali fied by his sectarian candidature. The choice of members should bo confined to unsootarian candidates, and they should be voted for upon their proper qualifica tions for office, quite irrespective of whether they are clergymen or free thinkers, Lot the old platform of com mon citizenship bo reestablished, and let everything in the shape of a struggle for sectarian supremacy ho discoun tenanced. 