Clippings fjom all Sources. The residents of Charleville have resolved to erect an Anglican Church forthwith. A tobacco manufactory will shortly be established in Bundaberg, with every proba bility of a successful career. At the half-yearly meeting in Sydney if the Australian Joint Bank on Friday, a dividend of 10 per cent was declared with' a bonus of per cent. Lilleywbite and Shaw will be managers of the English team of cricketers about to visit Austrlia. There are 45,510,630 head of cattle in the United States of America. The Ipswich Young Men's Society has decided a most important question. That question is-" Which most deserves the esteem of mankind, the warrior, the states man, or the poet?" Here's the result-18 for the warrior, 7 for the statesman, and 5 for the poet. Now that important question is settled we hope the world will be allowed to spin round quietly. General Wolf, who died on the Heights of Abraham, would have given all his military glory to have written Gray's " Elergy". What would the Grand Old Man give to be able to write like Shakespjare or John Milton. Statesmen, j lawyers, parsons, editors, warriors, shoe makers, carpenters, farmers pill doctors are equally necessary- essentially necessary-to build up a community. There can be no sort of doubt as to the decision of the Ipswich young men being that water is the best drink. So it is under certain circumstances, and it forms the base of all drinks, but for that, milk, wine, beer, spirits, and even Bell's bitters have their uses, and in the proper use each one is best. Much has been said about the Portuguese nobility in connection with the Royal wedding at Lisbon. There are few heredi tary titles in Portugal. Aristocratic honors are generally bought, and are not reversible to the sons of the buyers. When a pur chaser dies, bis title is set up for sale, and his children, if they do not purchase it, resume the original family name. Love matches in the best society are very common, but they do not improve the race, and the upper class Portuguese remain the plainest of any in Europe. The poor little King of Spain is not like Richard 111. in being born with a full set of teeth. His dentist, however, was named on the day of his birth as a member of his j Majesty's household. I don't think Alphonso XIII. has much chance against the usual diseases of infancy and the usaul foes of Monarchy in his country. He ought to have been the son of his robust nurse instead of an Austrian Archduchess, who has the misfortune to be her ancle's daughter, and has not a good constitution. The lata King was attacked with phthisis for eighteen months before he died, and was weakly in his boyhood. If, out of pity, the Re publicans were ready ta stay quiet, Don Carlos would not let them. He is beginning to move again, and, under the late Comtesse de Chambord's will, he has the s:'jews of war. I don't think he has the ghost of a title to the Spanish Throne. But this is not his view ; and as Queen Christina (the late) plundered the monasteries to enrich herself and her creatures, the devout Catholics got to associate Carlism with religion and con ventual rights. Carlos has still a large party, although there are hut seven Carliats in the Cortes, But it is not ;.o strong as in 1872. A " society paper" in England refers to a recent "drawing-room" at which the dr s of the Princess of Wales as ** really poetic," and the toilet of the Hon. Mrs. Fuller Mait land as "a lovely symphony in greeu !'> Here is a description of the two dresses "Princess of Wales." The petticoat was made of lilac velvet vailed with tulle, and trimmed with branches of lilac and pink roses. The train was of cream- eolored crepe de Chine, embroidered with flowers in the pale colors of the Renaissance, and festooned with similar lovely flowers to those an the petfciaoat." The " symphony in green" was buile up thusly:-"The dress was apple green, and ivory satin brocaded with gold and at jle-green. The shade of the grey ground, being backed with th3 threads of gold and green, was of an indescribable tinge of greenish golden grey. R?re old English point formed the trimming. The train was velvet, in a darker shade of apple-green, lined with silk in the paler tone of colour, and bordered with velvet." Judge Noel has characterised some Chartes Towers lawyers as " harpies" with nosenseof moral responsibility, and asks when the Supreme Court will clean out the Augean stables. Six hundred store cattle, purchased at Mouut Hutton by Mr. Grahair, passed Goondiwindi on July 21 for Liverpool Plains. Sir. John Robertson and the Hon. W. B. Dalley, who were recently laid up with sick ness, are now reported to be recovering. The weather continues dry about Boulia. Meetings are being held in the townships to the north-west, at which petitions to the Government are being signed in favor of leases for thirty years being granted at a fixed rental. Tokohama notepaper is quite the latest style for ladies, superseding that on which the days of the week are embossed. The new Japanese envelopes are long and slender, and the designs very quaint. The Kirkton estate, in Linlithgowshire, which was purchased in 1970 for £18,000, has changed hands at Edinburgh, for £6,100. Naval courts-martial are notorious for their undue severity, but the sentence just passed on John Tozer, carpenter, of the Comus, is unprecedently harsh. Having obtained leave to visit his wife, who was lyiug dangerously ill at Davenport, he found it impossible to leave her side, and very naturally remained with her until her death, shortly after which he was apprehended, charged with desertion, &nd; sentenced to lose three years' seniority and to be dismissed from his ship. After all said and done, a judge is better than a magistrate. At Exeter Assizes, one Ley. and bis wife were tried for cruelly ill-using and starving their child. The details of their brutality were normal, but the sentence was not. A magistrate would have contented himself with a fine, which would have been taken out of the poor child in blows. Mr. Justice Day sent the offenders to prison for two years-a very good sentence, too. It is intended to celebrate the centenary of the colony of New South Wales (New Holland was the old phrase) in January, 1SS8. Queen Victoria's Balmoral Palace is se down on the Aberdeen county valuation roll as worth £500 a year rental, while the entire estate is assessed for taxation at a value of £2000. The valuation of the Aber geldie estate, which she rents from H. M. Gordon for £4000 a year, is less than £1500, Cardinal Moran has conceived a scheme for reconstituting the Roman Catholic Hierachy in Australia. His plans are understood to include the creation of a new See at Gippsland, another in Riverina, and others in Northern Australia and Northern Queensland; also the nomination of a special Bishop for the native races of New Zealand. From South Australia intelligence comes of magnificent rains having fallen all through the colony. Over an ioch lias fallen on the Murray flats, where rain was badly wanted. In the northern areas generally, over half an inch has fallen. Reservoirs are filling'which have been dry since November. The farmers are elated at the cheering prospects. It has been decided, now the Intercolonial Railway is completed, to send a team of Soath Aus tralian riflemen to compete in the "Victorian matches in November next. THE FATAL FATUITY OF COUNTERFEITERS. -It would almost seem as if there was a spell of fascination in fraud, as if in the very conception and execution of a vicious deed there was some smack of a charm. For surely the imitator must know that big imposition will sooner or later be detected. And yet there are parties still striving to reproduce Wolfe's Schnapps. Be sure you obtain Wolfe's Schnapps. THEIR NAME IS LEGION. Legions of people have had their lives made miserable by piles. This painful difficulty is often induced and always aggravated by constipa tion. Dr. Bell's Bitters is the great remedy for all affections of this kind. It acts as a gentle cathartic, promotes a healthy action of the bowels, and soothes the heals the inflamed surfaces. It has cured hundreds of cases where all other remedies and applica tions have failed. Sold by all druggists. 