"THE SONG OF HIAWATHA Itart XIX, The Ghosts. By H. W. Longfellow. Never stoops the soaring vulture =On bis quarry in the desert, <»On the sick or wouuded bison, But another vulture, watching "From his high aerial look-out, v Sees the downward plunge, and follows; And a third pursues the second, '•Coming from the invisible ether, First a speck, and then a vulture, '• Til! "the air is dark with i pinions. . * So disasters come not singly ; Hut as if they watched and waited, -Scanning one another's motions, ^When the firsts decends,, the others 'Follow, follow, gathering flock-wise Round theirvictim, sick and wounded, First a shadow, then a sorrow, ' ..Till the air is dark with anguish. Now, o'er all the dreary Northland, i Mighty Peboan, the Winter, Breathing on the lakes and rivers, Into stone had changed their waters. From his hair he shook the snow-flakes, Till the plains were strewn with whiteness, ■■ One uninterrupted level, -As if, stooping, the Creator >With his hand had smoothed them over, '^Through the forest wide and wailing, I-Boamed thebunter on bis snow-shoes; bin the village worked the women, bounded maize, or dressed the deer-skm; ~ And the young men played together <On the ioe the noisy boll-play, «On the plain the dance of snow-shoes. One dark evening, after sundown, \- In her wigwam Laughing Water \- Sat with- eld Nokomis, waiting HFor thesteps'of Hiawatha itMomeward from the hunt returning. tQn their faces gleamed the fire-light, ^Painting them with streaks of crimson, In the eyes of old Nokomis Glimmered like the watery moonlight, In the eyes of Laughing Water Glistened like the sun in water; .And behind them crouched their shadows . vJn the coiners of the wigwam, -Add'the-smoke iu wreaths above them " Climbed and crowded through the smokeflue. Then the curtain of the doorway From without was slowly lifted ; ? Brighter glowed the fire a moment, 'And a moment swerved the smoke-wreath, As two women entered softly, \- Passed the doorway uninvited, 'Without word of salutation, Without sign of recognition, Sat down in the farthest oorner, -f Crouching low among i£he shadows. "From their-aspect and their garments -Strangers seemed they in the village; Very pale and haggard were they, . As ihey sat there sad and silent, "Trembling, cowering with the shadows. Was it the wind above the smoke-flue, ^Muttering down into the wigwam.? Was it the-owl, the K-dho-koho, "Hooting'from the dismal forest? \- Sure a voice said in the silence : "These are corpses clad in garments, These are ghosts that conic to haunt you, From the kingdom of Ponemah, From the land of thp hereafter 1" Homeward now came Hiuwatlia iFrom liis hunting in the forest, "With the snow upon his tresses, „And the red deer on his shoulders. At the feet of Laughing Water Down he threw his lifeless burden; ] Nobler, handsomer she thought him, ' Than when first he came to woo her ; First threw down the deer before her, _ As a token of his wishes, i As a promise of the future. Then he turned and saw the strangers, * Cowering, crouching with the shadows ; . Said within himself, " Who are they ? 'What strange gueBts has Minnehaha?" But he questioned not the strangers, bOnly spake to hid them welcome 'JTo his lodge, liis food, hiB fireside. When the evening meal was ready, .And the deer had been divided, .Both the pallid guests, the strangers, "Springing from among the Aadows, {Seized upon the choicest portions, {Seized the white fat of the roebuck, dSet apart for Laughing Water, For the wife of Hiawatha; "Without asking, without thanking, .sEagerly devoured the morsels, Flitted back among the shadows In the corner of the wigwam. Not a woid spake Hiawatha, Not a motion made Nokomis, Not .a gesture Laughing Water Not a change came o'er their features : Only Minnehaha softly "Whispered, saying, " They are famished; Let them do what best delights tham ; Let them eat, for they are famished." Many a daylight dawned and darkened, Many a night shook off the daylight As the pine shakes off the snow-flakes From the midnight of its branches; Day by day the guests unmoving Sat there silent in the wigwam; But by night, in storm or starlight, Forth they went into the forest, Bringing firewood to the wigwam, Bringing pine-cones for "fte 'baraing, Alwa^'saSand-alwayssHetft. And whenever Hiawatha Came from fishing or from hunting, When the evening meal was ready, And the food had been divided, Gliding from their darksome corner, Came the pallid guests, the strangers, Seined upon theclioicestportions, Set aside ifor Laughing Water, ; And without re bake or question Flitted back among the .shadows. Never once had Hiawatha By a wopi op look reproached them: Ne ver once had old Ndkomis Made a gesture of imprftiehce; .Never once had Lwngbnjg Water Shown resentment at the outrage. All had they endured in silence, That the rights of guest and stranger, That the virtue of frecgiving, By a look might not be lessened, By a word might not be broken. Once at midnight Hiawatha, Ever wakefnl, ever watchful, In the wigwam dimly lighted By the brands that still were burning, By the glimmering, flickering fire-light, Heard a sighing, oft repeated, Heard a sobbing, as of sorrow. From his couch rose Hiawatha, From his shaggy hides of bison, Pushed aside the deer-skin certain, Saw the pallid guests, the shadows, Sitting upright on their couches, Weeping in the silent midnight. And he said: " O guests ! why is it That your hearts are so afflicted, That you sob so in die midnight i Has perchance the old Nokomis, Has my wife, my Minnehaha, Wronged or grieved you by unkindness, Failed in hospitable duties ? " Then the shadows ceased from weeping, Ceased from sobbing and lamenting, And <hey said, with gentle voices: " We are ghosts of the departed, Souls of those who once were with you. From the realms of Chibiabos Hither have we come to try you, Hither have we come to warn you. " Cries of grief and lamentation [ Beach us in the Blessed Islands ; [ Cries of anguish from the living, Calling back their friends departed, Sadden us with useless sorrow. Therefore have we come to try you J No one knows us, no one heeds us. We are but a burden to you, And we see that the departed Have no place among the living. 4< Think of this, O Hiawatha I | Speak of it to all the people, That henceforward and for ever They no more with lamentations Sadden the souls of the departed In the Islands of the Blessed. I " Do not lay such heavy burdens In the graves of those you bury. Not such weight of furs and wampum, Not such weight of pots and kettles, j For the spirits faint beneath them. Only give them food to carry, Only give them fire to light them. *l Four days is the spirit's journey To the land of ghosts and shadows. Four its lonely night encampments ; Four times must their fires be lighted. Therefore, when the dead are buried, Let a fire, as night approaches, Four times on the grave be kindled, That the soul upon its journey May not lack the cheerful fire-light, May not grope about in darkness. " Farewell, noble HiawathaJ We have put you to the trial, To the proof have put your patience, By the insult of our presence, By the outrage of our actions. Wc have found you great and noble, Fail not in the greater trial. Faint not in the harder struggle." When they ceased, a sudden darkness Fell and filled the silent wigwam. Hiawatha heard a rustle Ab of garments trailing by him, Heard the curtain of the doorway Lifted by a hand he saw not, Felt the cold breath of the night-air, For a moment saw the starlight ; But lie saw the ghosts no longer, Saw no more the wandering spirits From the kingdom of Ponemah, From the land of the Hereafter. 