LONDON GOSSIP. By “The Cooeycto "Woman.” 1 solid you a low more notes xiom my English papers, ■which you can publish if acceptable. A good story is told in a London jour nal anont the "Order of the Garter. It is said that when Queen Victoria first sum moned a Cliaptor of the Order, sho sent for the Earl Marshal, the Duko of Nor folk, and after arranging all the details of tho ceremony, said with innocent naivete, “ But my Lord Duko, whore am I to wear tho Garter ? ” Tho Duko ropliod that he recollected having seen some pic ture of Queon Anne, in which it. was worn on the loft arm, and so Hor Majesty decided upon following tho example of her last fomale predecessor. Tho biography of tho late King of Ba varia is not thickly sprinkled with love affairs, but thore is something to relato in this way. In 1SG(5 he cherished a tender passion for a sister of tho Emperor of Austria—tho Duchess d’Alonpon, daughter-in-law of the Due de Nemur’s. He and sho were betrothed in that year. But tho engagement was broken olf, owing to tho king having seen tlio Princess, whom ho had gono to visit, dis guised as an itinerant musician, sitting flirting with a stableman. Louis got into a state of jealous frenzy, broke off tho engagement, plunged into the depths of despair, became moro aleinatcd from the human race than ever, and a misogynist. It is believed that it was an agent of Prussia, who got tho groom to flirt with the Duchess Sophie. Soino will think it itrango that a princess, ono of whose sis ters is a Kaiser’s wife, should allow' her self to bo treated morel); as an equal, by a groom belonging to the mow’s of her father. But all the six daughters of bluff Duko Mac, woro reared in tho most unconventional way, and passed much more time when girls in tho stable, than in tho school room. The Empress of Austria, speaks Tattersall’s English, and no other, be cause, as she told an English lady, she learned most of hor English from a groom. A clergyman’s wifo was lately calling on Mrs. Gladstone, at Hawarilen, and speaking of tho elections, remarked that these wero troublesome times, “ But,” ejaculated sho piously, “ thero is Ono above who will guidous.” “ Yes,” said Mrs. Gladstone, “ ho will soo through it; and if you will take a seat, I daresay ho will bo down stairs in a fow minutes.” Whether skimming through illustrated papers, or merely glancing at Bailway station placards, it seems impossible to escapo from tho innumerable advertise ments that aro thrust under ones notice, of tho newest tilings out forladies adornment. Some of theso are truly embarrassing, and it is not right that men should know all about fringes scalpottes, maydew lotions, eyebrow pencils, improvers or ideal busts. Ono of the most striking novelties, how ever, has quito a practical turn about it, a lady has only to buy an insurance cor set, and got killed while wearing it, within twelve months from the date of purchaso, and tho sum of £100 will bo paid to her representatives. Very liberal. • Not tho least among the troubles which silver tho hair, and plough furrows on tho brow of tho British housewife, is the diffi culty which sho finds in getting her win dows cleaned. Tho housemaid won’t do it. “ No fear.” That is hor vulgar ex clamation at tho merest suggestion of such a degrading idea. “ Why, when I was a girl,” says tho porplexed mistress, “ the servants never objected to clean windows.” “'When you was a gurl, mein, is sonio time ago aperiently, and things is haltered sinccithen very con siderable.” True enough, and ono of the changes is that the British slavoy (iatly rofuses to to do the work that her grandmother would only have considered play. Well, not a few of the happy people of this part of the world may thank their stars that their windows give them no trouble. The ’orrid spider is the only The dramatic critic of a London paper writes iTho ladies of the llussian choir, that is giving a few matnues at Drury Lane, are not unlovely as to their features, but they sadly lack animation. If some of the toys who stand behind their chairs would occasionally stick pins into tho fair creatures, things would bo made a little livelier. I never saw ladies more gorgeously apparelled. Tbo Queen of Sheba would stand no chance besido any of thorn. Come to think of it though, tho august lady who visited Solomon, was not particular about excess of raiment. For summer wear, a girdlo was about enough for hor.” Now I should vory much like to know what that vulgar man knows about the Queen' of Sheba’s toilet. Ho wants a horsowhip ! When fusees wore first invented, John Lcoeh drew a topical pioture of a gentle man riding homo on horsobaok after din ner, who, forgetting that a box of those explosives was in tho pockets of his swal low-tails gives an involuntary bump on them as bis steed jogs along. The scene which ensues is alarming, and horse and rider are equally startled, wliilo the dark country lane is illuminated with .-unex pected brilliancy. The caricaturist pro-' bably never thought that such an incident would break tho monotonyof a court of laws. Yot a case occurred tho other day. The lawyer, whoso thoughtlessness created tho disturbance, would have done well had he taken warning by the parson, who, when standing with his back to the grate, re commended one of his parishioners to think of hor latter end. “ Sir,” replied tho old lady whom ho was addressing, “ you had better think of yours, for your coat-tails aro on firo. Good news for the sleepless. It comes from Turin, whoro itis pro posed to publish a newspaper irt lu minous ink, so that it ■null bo possible to road it in tho dark, without the aid of lamp or candle. Eestless nights will lose some of their terror, for it will bo possible for tho wakeful to lie in bed and read in tho pitchy darkness of tho blackest night. It will also form a splondid ghost, and if waved frantically round an affrighted head, should prove a “ regular torror” to “ tho festive burglar.” Cudgewa, September 3, 1SS6. 