"F0UHBE8 -M- TOT.' BY T. MALCOLM WATSON. I hn<l written a novol which, I may say wihoufc lUibctalioii, liml boon ruco'ived, alike Uy the 1'iiMic mul tho press, with nuirked favour. Fosnibly Iho gouorona ree.opt.ion ostciulort to it may, in somo me.'f.uYo, havo boon the ivsult of my own fr:Hiknof.s in at .unci! tho Boiivou Irojii which f h:'.'.l tlraivn my inspi nitiou. Novo!'f.ho.lcs!i, T nin, lfliinlc, jtis titieil iv Kuyin;,' that llio hook owed its Biicoosa les.i to tho intricaoy of its plot l.h:i;i to tho adroit, innnnci" in which tho incidents wore hamllcd, nnd, abovo all, to tho suhtltf ?]iiily:<is of a niiii;! gifted beyond tho foinnion. Tho volumo hiis <)oon so recontlj' in tho -Jiuiuls of roiV.loM, mul by them ho fiillj , ' i\iseuss;d, tluifc I fool a iu>t unnatur.il tlilHilonco in rcforrinjjf to it liero in any thing like doluil. If there ia one thing I tlisliku moro than antithcr, it-iiv Uio Miviisfc. ing of my own iievsojiality before tho public. But, unfortuuatol)*, 1 havo mi option in tho ]ires.onb instance ; I have given aisolomii Jili.'djjc'uii'.torciivuinstaiiees of peculiar gravity, and the lvsjiotisibility rc'Jtinjfoil mc until that, pledge is rodeonicil enniuit lvailily bo ovor-ostinialtvl. I havo i —unwittingly, it ia truo a serious wrung n fellmv-ereaturo, and tlie only method open to mo of-un- I doint; :ho ovil thus vrouyht; i 3 to make my reeantutt'.Ki no losa public than tho error wliicli rendors it necessary. Although, therefore, I do not feel called' upon to outer with any degree of minute ness into Mm prvvtioulara of my story—a task particularly distasteful to ono of my modeat disposition—l nm forced to call to tho wader's memory ono or two of tho leading'ovonts set. forth in its pages. It will h? remembered ? hat in t he preface-1 nt onco, as I have rciid,' dinharnied hostilo criticism on the seoro ot orijfinality by can didl)" tho basis of my Uilo to bo ?he account. of a certain (.rial for murdor, which I had imearthcd from an old news paper. It would, howo.vo) , , bo unfair to my own sh;*iv, in tho work did I not add that tho detail:-, t'lero given woro of tho most meagre kind—a veritable skeleton in fact from which not only every vostijjo of flesh had lonjf' nineo dis.ipnenrod, but which, clurins' theso yonri of somilturo, had lost a goodly numbir of its original bones ; and amon.? thesu'many of it.', 'most important: To mc, then, fell ihi: task of rehabilitating this thno-worn afrueturo—nf clothing it again, so to opeak, witii ita former wrappings— :md of imiiarting to it such vitality as might nmvo aecoptablo to tho public of tho pro.'.ent dny. The nowHpnper repurt to -which I licvo alluded was short =iud to many mi;;ht seem ]>ivs;\ic. It told in concise lan!rnsj.o how a ccrhiiu Uenjaniin North had k-rn tried and convicted of tho murder of his wife, Hj-patia, which erimo no doubt, although the fact? romained unrecorded, ho in duo course expiated on the scaffold. Tho evidence wont to show that for many years previous to their marriajjo Uio union of theso two liad boon looked upon as probable, and that only a aeries of malign influences had prevented the cousuiu- ] mation of their hopes at an earlier period. ' Their happiness, however, was f.-.ied to bo of brief duration. Shortly after tho wedding, .llyjiatia-—no longer, be it said, in the m-stbl.vim of iioryouth—dovelopcd Bym])tonis of ill-liea!lh. 'Thecircumstance did not pass unobserved by her husband, in whose favour it whs urged at tho trial that jio one.could havo dinplavcd groater iwticuco or devotion. Tho haunts "of lier earlier days wore forsaken, and old friends paw ahnoat nothing of their former com rade. On tho rare occasion winch found him absent from his wife's side it was ap parent, moroviT, that ho had changed greatly. His manner waa more serious and at times oven decreased. A certain gloom had settled wpoii his face, and his very gait betrayed a mind anxious and harassed. The sudden deathof his wife followed soon after. Of iv caiiKO (here novor was the slightest doubt: a day or two pre viously North had purcharfcd a quantity of ni'senic with the oatc'nsihlo purjxise of giving it U> his lioraes to improve tho ap pearance of their coats, It was clearly proved, and indocd was never doniet , ., t'l.-it liis wife's death had resulted from a dose of this very poison. Tho defence appears to havo been con- J ducted on ilio most primitive lines. ( ~t5*A pica certainly was advanced lh:i*f ! 'tho woman had, either by accident ur,-design, taken the arsenic herself; imi 6sHo evi dence was adduced in support of the- as .sertion, tho man's cuso tjii/ickly fell to tho grour.'d. Nor, from v.'Mt I could gather, did tho result causu-.'hini cither surprise or uneasiness. Jmco tho Greeks of old, ho seemed to see/Hi his approaching doom tho hand of fnt? from whiclk no mortal aid could eavo hj^a. Such wpa/tho framework upon which I h:wl avowedly built up my story, carry ing oven so far as to giro eluplxT aiuj,.verso for my authority.' And although it/may, at firat glanco, bo thought that rtho narrative containod littlo either of an extraordinary or sensational nature, to mo there was much botli l;eenly pathetic and dramatic in it. I conjured up tho early struggles of theso loving hearts — tho long, slow years of waiting until thoir hopes at last should bo ciMWiiod with fruition. In Hypatia 1 ro cognised a woman of a trusting and loyal disposition ; iv North a man of lofty, if somewhat aolf- containcd, character. And towards these two, just as thu clip of happiness was raised to their lipg, tho hand of death was soon to stretch forth ) and tho inevitable end to approach. That North was convinced of his wife's near dissolution I had no doubt, and that ho folt tlio coming separation even moro acutely than hcrsiulf was no less clear to mo. And bo ho had takon his determina tion. If they might no longer live to gothor, death at least should new part them. Imbued with this resolve, ho had purchased tho poison, intending to make away with both liis wife and himself. But, after administering her portion, liis norvo had failed him ; and before ho could summon up courage sufficient to comploto his purpose, justico was on his track. Nevertheless, when his fato caino, ho met it calmly and heroically, conscious that if ho had sinned in act ho was at least innocent in intention. Tho character of tbo man had grown upon mo with wonderful vividness, and I had taken tho greatest pains to portray tho motives by which ho bad boon animated. Tho success of the book may bo accepted us Borne indication that my efforts woro not wholly in vain. Somo few weeks after its public.'ition I was sitting ono evening r.lone in my xtudy. It was clo.'o upon midnight, nnd I had already been writing for sovoral hourt, as iti was .nc-coswy tho woni 1 had in hand should bo finishedby_ anpeoificd time, and 1 was anxious to keep faith. .lv.it at that moment I found luy&olf.; brought io a atop by tho want ot certain data, which 1 re-, ntotnborod woro to bo found in ono of my roforenco-bouka. Being <)i-sirv>ua to com plete- tha article beforo retiring for tho night, I accordingly laid aside my pen, and proceeded downstairs in pursu'tfcot' tho volume in question. A few minutes' soiirch sufliced to pro-i vide mc with what-1 required, and, taking the book in my hand, I returned once more to my v;ork. Entcriiig tho room hastily, it was not until 1 reached my pheo at the.table .that I notrccd the chair Opposite to mo k> be occupied. I munfc confess to considerable surprise and even somo littlo idarm at tho appari tion of :i stranger in my hour.c. With tho exception of thu servants 1 livoalono, and certainly I bad no recollection of having invited anyijaoof thisgontlonuui's appear ance to cal/ou mc at so unseemly an hour aa midnight. Besides, how had ho con trived to enter without making' himself heard? ? "Good evening, sir," ho ssid a strong provincial iveceu!;, aa I toolc my scat. "Good evening," I replied,,not very cordi/.lly, perhaps ; but li'.ider tlio circum- Btrtticcs an absence of warmth .might bo excused. "I fenr, however," 1 continued, " I havo not tho advantage of knowing whom 1 am addressing." As I spoko 1 made a hasty survey of tho stranger in the hopo of recalling the occasion on which wo had met before. But my efforts wcro in vain. His features I soomed wholly nnknoun to mo, Those, it may be observed, wcro suffi ciently remarkable to leave a lasting im pression upon ? memory lcr>a' retentive than my own. But what struck nio most forcibly in this liret examination waa tho old-fash'ionod air of thy man ; an impres- Bion, by Uie way, considerably heightened by liis stylo of costume, which appeared to bo modelled upon a pattern fashionable) in tho years of tliiu century, but. curiously out of. keeping with tho pro;-cnt-day fur niture of my room. The other points iv particular attracted my ;jttention: tho first, that ho waa a very, auuill .man —so small, indeed, that aa ho sat "S> a-'nob in onlitwtoly high chair,'bis foot did not even touch tho ground, Init hung hiis pended in ,mid-air, iwci'ilatiiig backwards and forwards lileo a pair of pendulums ; the of.hor, that liis face was exceedingly red and chubby. There was, moreover, a good- natured twinkle about hi; oyee which immediately suggested to t.ho observer a power of appreciating a joke, if not of,too subtle an order, -quite equal to tho avorago. I jnysolf win unconscious of lisvin'i given utterance to anything par ?tiedif.rly hunioro'.ir., ho .-.ooined to draw From my reply a conaidoiiible fund of amusement, for it sot, him laughing some what boisierourdy. "Anil yet," he an s'Aorod, " there's nobody living knows— or Uiiuka he knows—more about mo and my doings than yourcelf." " i\>u must bo labnuring under ooino mistnko," I rejoined gravel}". " Unlesa my iiieiiHwy great'y deceives mc. wo havo novor mot bofwe tonight, ;so tliat it is impossible 1. r.hould be acquainted with your history." "That's precisely what I havo come to .complain about," .-aid the littlo man, Uiruiiig a ;i!iado roddir.-, and with a touch of irritatii>n in his voicu : " you admit you have never .seen mc before— know nothing of -my thoughts, act:o;i3, manuora, or tastes, and yot, forsooth, you coolly con stitul.o yoursoif my biographer !" " Your your—what /"' I queried. " }.ly biogi-iipher," replied the e.tmnger. " My name, sir, is North— Ttanjamin North—and I'vo taken soma little trouble, let mo toll you, to comu hero to-night, that I may havo tho satisfaction of n per- Byniil cxpiana ion villi the gentleman who lyin been good enough to write my life." I aat bacl; in my chair speechless, over come with tho variety of emotion* which crowded ujKin mc. But what, perhaps, oppressed mo moro than any, -\vii3 the thought that I had been basely tricked .md deceived. i'V.-h Jjonj.ir.'aiv North'— rod-faced, commonplace, fat little person, thc()rutot;r[>cof t/iathig!i-sonled;mdgentlo m:?i whose enr'.-er 1 had traced with bo loving ;v hand 'I It was impossible ; or, if it woro ,indued truo, then 1 had been deiiplyy wronged : , robbed of what is ...duarcsb to the writer's heart—a noble iHdcal. " 1 thought I should fiurpriao you," ho returned, " and I'm glad to find that you i have at least the graco to be silent. But d on' suppose I'vo come all tho way from tlio other world wmply to taunt you. No, J sir, ii> so acting 1 had a definite object in I view—an object, moreover, I intend shall bo accomplished Iv.itore 1 return." He 1 paused for iv in:iment, whether , from ex oitoine.'it or want of breath I was unable to di'te.inine, but quickly continued in nn iinpref.iivo tone, coiitr.'isting ludicroiiHly with his ;if>iKiar;i!icc, " You, s?r, havo done mc a norious injury." As lio naid tliose words I felt inclined to bveak intn a hyntericil laugh at tho .-absurdity of tho accusation, but witli a strong oll'ort i coni.roilod myself. " I do not," .1 observed, "' tjuilo understand wha'' grounds yon havo for complaint." No sooner' had 1 spoken than 1 would have given much to recall tho sunlcnce. Tho eJl'ect upon Mr. North w-.'.s so decided as to cause mc sorious alarm. His face becamo ]>utblo, and 1 feared every instant to sco him roll oft' his scat in "a lit of apoplexy. Tho liorriblo thought forced itself upon mc : what if 1 woro left with tho corpse of a ghost upon my hands? Fortunately, however, I was uparod that calamity, for, recovering hiiiiself, ho again addressed mo, thi.i time almost savagely— " ' I<rouud3 for compliant!' ho echoed. '"Why, sir, putting aside all question as to facts, regarding which, by tho way, you nro about as far wrong as a man can be, where, may 1 ask, did you find authority for the character you have given mo i" The question certainly nonplused mc not a little. "I—l iiiust allow," 1 answered, " I drew that from my imagin ation." "'lmagination!' ho replied in an accent of tho most profound contempt. ' Exactly ; you novel- writers occin to fancy that the moment 3-<->n havo uttered shibboleth "Imagination" the last word has been said. It never occurred to you, I suppose, to think what m;/ feelings might be on tho Hiibjcct V " I confess," 1 returned, somewhat humbly, " I hud not given that point the consideration it doubt less deserved. You must remember, however," I added in extenuation, "that you had be,?u dead foino seventy years or more. Moreover, I took thn precaution of dunging your 1 name." | I That's good, , retorted the littlo man, I swinging his to awl i'ro with addi tionnl force. Really, you aro (on conside rate. And such 11 di.tgumo, too ! No body, of course, could possibly rcoogniso Benjamin North under tlio pseudonym of JBonjamiirSouth. , . 1 ' The two names are at least as far apart aa the poles," I suggested Vt'ith a vacuous smile, hoping to turn the matter into a humorous channel. " ' Egad ! you've a pretty wit,' ho an- Bwcrod, 'a most excellent wit. . Then, waxing wanner—' Dnmtno, sir ! I've known a man ran through the body for n worm) joke. 1 F hastened to express my'satisfaction that tho quality of mine was not such as to call down upon mo a similar fate. But I spoko to regardless cars, for, paying no heed to my interruption, Mr. North again proceeded t<) the att.ack : — " ' Come, sir, let's have a look at. this precious book of yours. Yon'vo a copy uudor your hand, 1 poo. There are ono or two passages I'd like to havo the pleasure of hearing you ropcat aloud. Suppnsv , vo begin with pago twenty - nine !' , The consternation visible upon 1113' face at this proposal brought back my interlo cutor to ft plcasautcr state of thine;.'!, and a look of marked coutont. settled upon his features as he said, with a grim chuckle, llt isn't every day an author has the privilege; of declaiming his own pro ductions to so appreciative an audi ence,' . Kocognining the futility of rcsistatc-o, I took up the volume and opened it at the point, indicated. As I rend, the words Boomed to t.okc iv new mid unnatural meaning, and I could hardly realise (hat they were the wimo which,ah hour ago had appeared so fufl of power and <ici;eciptivo insight. " ' The laws which irgulato Nature and Humanity,' .1 began, in a hard, spasmodic voice, ' while working towards tho e:\1110 ends, have ?>;i?h their different methods o£, attaining'results. ? With tho fonnor tho thin;; that, is pieeioua is too often hidden beneath a valueless husk ; with the latter seldom or never. So it vas in Benjamin Smith's case. The noble soiil within was adumbrated by tho lofty ex;>ro.:;.v.o!i of his fiwo ; the mionsciouii yearnings of a higher nature, wero I meed upon every line of "his features. Tall and meagre, almost 10 emaciation, his very person indicated II disregard for all sonstial pleasures, which, it was manifest, swept past shnme strickon and abashed, leaving him pure and imsullivd as tho soft whito light of the crescent moon." " ' It's a little mixed, , said my listener, with a grin of malignant pleasure, ' but it describes mo to tho life. And your elocutionary style brings out, tho points with such vividnew, that yon really inusb allow mo to congratulate you upon it. Pray continue, sir, for nest t<l c.iit-nphs on grave-atones, it's the most entertain ing reading I htive met with for a long time. , V'mvilling as I felt, there was nothing for it but to do or he requested. " He war. gifted," 1 proceeded, " with, a mind of singuarly analytical and intms pectivo type, possessed, too of an un equalled faculty of projecting itself into the future, and of bringing baok theuw much that, would havo proved elusive to a nature less liberally endowed, The po tentiality of his presence was apparent under any circumstances ; it dominated all with whom ho came in contact, and may perhaps bo best described by the word electrical. It will not, however, nurpriso anyono that 11 mind ho purely Bubjeclivo in its action should have had its weak poinl;, and it imust bo admitted that synthetically Souths w ; \3 a comparn tivo failure. ? This creative faculty had been in a great measure- denied to him, mid herein lie fell shortof greatness. Hut in Having so much 1 do no more than allow that ho w.ts one of those who only just miss attaining the heights upon which men of the noblest genius and power of expression have walked and lived." , 'Thank you! 1 said my guest, whose faco during the recital of the preceding had gradually become overcast and troubled. ' I think 1 won't nsk you to po on. It's very tine, no denbt, but I'm afraid 1 don fc quito gr.'vsp ijji , . meaning. Besides, it makes mc sleopy, and I have one or two matters to set right before. J leavo. , I laid asido the book with a sigh of re lief. For tlio first time in my life 1 had found tho pages dull. Mr. North's next remark surprised mo not k little : You're not married of cuurso 7' ho said. 'No ' I answered, 'but why " of course" V 'Then ho continued, disregarding my question, 'in describing the relations existing butween my wife and myself you drew, 1 presume, upon your imagination again? , "Yes " I replied with some enthusiasm, "I pictured to myself tho indissoluble union of two souls, hound together by.no earthly tie, but merged the 0110 into" iho other by tho sublime-alchemy of a divine hand." " Thank you !" ho said drily. " When I want.oxtracts I'll refer to tho book it self. You certainly hnve a pretty power ful imagination." 1 looked down, colouring-a little at tho direct compliment. , " You hadn't the ple;mnro of knowin" Hippy, I think? ,, he asked. ' "Hippy/" ' 1 repeated interrogatively. " I mean, tlio late Mm. North'}" "No." 1 replied. "Ah," he wont 011 ip a dreamy way, " You missed a great treat." Then, rousing himself, ho leaned forward in his chair, holding tho arms firmly so as to prevent himself from falling, and in a honreo whisper addressed mc : "J! , - there over was a shrew and a ternia.gnut born into this world, it was my wife." Tlio intensity with which tho words were spoken bore evidence to their truth. If other proofs had been wanted, it would havo been found in thoexpression of haired and fair apparent r>n the speaker's face. To mo the shock although painful, -was not altogether unexpected. Already one illusion had been swept away, and now I could bear with a certain degree of calm ness tho loss of the second. " My dear ?ir," J said, " I bee; that you will not excite yourself. I think 1 begin to understand tho object of your coming to-night. Lot 1110 assure you that any statement you may desire to'm.iko will bo not only impartially judged by 1110 but treated as wholly private." Private 1" he interrupted with an angry wave of tho hand. " Ewnd, sir, tho greater tho publicity tho better I'll bo 'pleftsed. You don't suppose \ camo hero merely to set myself right with 'you )" _ 1 thought it prudent to pass over in rilence tlio slur implied by his words. " If I havo injured you in "any way," I said with chilling courtesy, "'l ?m" pro- i pared to do whatever lies "in my power to j pltico the mutter npc-n ito right feiala." My assurance appeared to givo.Mr North profound satisfaction. Do sat back in his place onco moro, and after a little preliminary cough began to spoal; " Tliafr. all I ask for," ho said, ''nn'd when I'vo told you tho real facts of tho caso T shall expect you to make them iw widely known as tho iniagiim-y det.iiU contained in that volume." "itV. vory disappointing to you, I ad mit," he. went on,, settling down to his story, " but truVh compels mo n> say that 1 novel- waa anything hut a very ordinary happy-jo-liisky sort of a mortal. I ifoiyV fjiuto-understand what, is meant by ,pro.. JBotin<?onesolf into the futuro,' bufcininv'ij case the nearest approach to tho' procw.3,.' I take it, was when my father threatened to kick mo into tho middle of next week on account of somo youthful encr-nado, ???> As to the otlfor eoiuplimtary things" you ? ? havo l.icoii good enough to nay of we, I'm ' sorry to eoiifos they're quitu beyond my tMnijirohciiHion. "I was a littlo bit of a hiirmn-sc.-.rum ' fiOliiw ; but I never wanted for friends. And thcpo wero tho days, let mc tell you] sir, when a. man did'nt shrink from" hir second, or even his third, bottle of wiuo ? and when.(ho night's were all too short Air.' the fun and frolic wo sought to ci'owcl into them. Porlups we weren't so liberally '' gifted with imagination as tho present'- generation ; l>ut, by gad, sir ! wo vero ready enough to back up our opinions with solid , facts if required. " I was barely thirty when my father ' ? died, leaving mo a snujrgish bit of pro perty. It. didn't represent a fortune of ' course, but the incomo yicldcl l>y it K\ilUcient fur all w.inls and a few luxuries over and above. Alas '. my seeming goxl fortune wan to prove the cause of my ruin, ??' for from tho day on which llypatia learned the news of my aUercd'circunistanctts s]m ? made up her mind that I should be her husband. At thia point his voico sank to a Atif and imprcfisivo tone :— " For ten years r.ho gave mo no pcaca ; following mo from place to place withth)"?.',. tonacity of a bloodhound. From thobj. : ginning I know that thero wiis noliopo for mc, but I died hard. I racked my brain for excuses. 1 throw obstacle after obstacle in her,way, yet nil to no put-poM. It was only a question of time, and slio knew it. The moment at last camo vheir 1 could fitrugglo no longer, but found my self forced u> yield tip ?:iy freedom r,t tho altarof our village churJh. "Tln-n bpj?nn "for )iio a life , of unutter able misery. The late Mrs. North wm a woman of noble proportions, while, ,15 you havo jiossibly observed, I .-mi notniy flOlf a Hercules. \Vlien, tlievofuro, nswas her wont, sh? jilnced her b.-u , !; jv.iiniiattha door protest ing that I should no '' visit my old haunt::, and erouios, I could not but, rt'Cogniso li<>w vain wasllu; p-nvcv of prayftr to move lior from !ho ]?isitiun. "I became depressed and montlv. All. ray former bimynsjey ileaerted );:o j mill' whenliy chauoo I "encoiink-rod an olil ncquaintaneo, 1 Khnuik ay.ay from his pivsonce out of puro sliame. " Two years piuised and my wife fell ill. What tho dii'Onso v.n.i can baofno interest to you, but by tho village doctor it was prmionnced 16 bo deadly. It was my sad duty," continued thusjicnkorwiuV" a curiously coviiic glance at? myself, "to communicate to her tho terrible inklli guwe. . "Tho habit, of obedience had bytliis Umo become so o.ngraiuud in my iwturu tlmt I did nut even daro hi talee advantage of her liclplesstiew, bat- remained cf>n st.iutly at lier ?ido. Upon this, indcwl, eho insisted ; and as her mulndy'diil not confine hnr to bod I ncqnicsccd in Isrr wishes with my usual alacrity. "As the end drew near she bocnino imbued with a most unjust suspicion tlint ' her death would not, bo uiiwekoniiStonic. ?. I cannot tell you, sir," .said tho littlo man .' with a break in his voico and malt-in:; belie.vo to wipe away a tear, "howdeeply ' this dolu?ion pained mo. " And now, sir, what do you think tho ?? inhuman inunv.er did I Y<m :\ro ax-nrt that] had jjurchsned th? arsenic to give to the horees. ? Imprr.wwl by tho iilva -. 1 liaro inonHoned, nnd determined that I should not bo left to rejoice in my n?i;- found liberty, she resolved upon poisoning herself, well knowing how fatal to iHVSO.'f the eoii&cnnonces; must provo. And, being r. vromuM largely gifted with tho coin- ago of her convictions, .?he actually did it."_ Exhausted by tho narration of his wrongs, Mr. North paused here. For my own part I hardly know what to think of so extraordinary a story. In a moment or two, however, ho rrsumed :— " That, sir, is tho truth. Now aw you convinced of the wrong you havo done to mo?" "Ye..*," I admitted: "your version certainly throws a new ligh<. upon tV.R in cidents." " Ho assured it is tho correct fine, and accordingly, sir, I claim the fulfilment of your promise, and ask that you will clear.. my character from tho tiv.suo of falseluuxl —don't be oilended, sir, for it k a ihsuo ... of falsehood—with which yourinmgination' lias interwoven it." " You mean," I nnswotvdr.omcwh.'rtrc luchiutly, ."that 1 hhall placo lwfi'w ?lw public tho particulars you havo just com municated '{" "Ex;u:tly." I sighed ar. I thought or my lost iilcr.l; but.rhiul pledged 'my word. "Aβ you will," I roj)U?d. " I promise." " Good !" ho rejoined. Then sutltleinj- clwuging the B'lbject, " By tho way, iiavo you ever noticed tho peouliar conforma tion of thnt bust over your hwul V "No," I answered, looking in tno ; direction indicated ; " I don't know that ?- I have. Perhaps," I suggested, turning again towards him, "it is tho elloct, ~ I stopped. Tlio chair boforo mo was empty. 