:. OHOBS ; OF MELBBO UItNB. [liv Tins GiosT.t ..Theo symptons -whioh betoken the ap proach of each .Parliamentary session in Victoriti'haved alreitdy' blegun to' develop themselves. The Treasury is daily besieged by deputations of " sturdy beggars," sent from'all parts of the country to' urbo'the'claims of their resplective dis tricts upon the Government. The various dhodezitralisation leagues are the motive power in "those raids upon the State coffers: Unfortunately, instead of taking a'wide and statesman like view of the question, the 's decehtralisers" have initiated a scramble for the public money, and narrowed down their demands to the establishment of local railway workshops, the building of public offices, and increased subsidies to the charitable institu tions within their several dis tricts. They will not, or cannot, understand that all they want can be' secured by an exitonsion of the principle of local self-government, and the assimilation of the powers and functions of the Municipal and Shire Councils to those of the County Boarls in the old country. When members of the Legislature can be brought to see how much their own position would be exalted were Parliament relieved of the numerous petty questions that now engross the larger portion of its time, and loft to deal only witlh;large issues involving the general interests of the colony, the de contralisation question will assume proper proportions. True, many honourable mom bers would find their occupation gone. Their periodical visits to the Ministerial offices would no longer be required, and they would no longer be able to gain faeno by "orating" on the "gross wrongs" of a porter at the Ballyraclcet Junction Station removedforinsubordiuation,norto pointout how the welfaro of the colony was being imperilled by the neglect of the Govern ment to rebuild the bridge over Old itat Gully, or the culvert leading to Mur derers' Flat. The well-intentioned but amiable Parliamentary bore would be snuffed out, and then the "department trotter" become as extinct as the dodo. It is satisfactory to reflect that the agitation now on' foot may peralps eventuate in is much required change, although, perhaps, "the goad time coming" may not arrive for a lustrum or so, for the proceedings of the Conference lately held in Melbourne make it abundantly plain that the Decentralisation League has not agreed upon any definite programme, and is divided against itself. This is a somewhat fortunate circumstance for the Govern ment, for were the leagues united and determined on carrying their point, they would become a power in the land, and un doubtedly prove a source of trouble to the Ministry. Having failed most lamentably in dis covering any clue to the mysterious disap pearance of Constable Ryan, of Eagle hawk, by means of Mr. Stuart Cumberland, the " thought-reader," and heedless ap parently of the scathing remarks of Mr. Justice Williams on their proceedings, two police have called into requisition two mesmerists, and are acting on the in formation which the enterprising pair, who have been taken to Sandhurst at the public expense, impart while in a "mesmeric trance." Should the "clairvoyants" not turn out to be arrant impostors, and the body of the missing man be discovered in the disused mining shaft into which they allege it was thrown, a new feature will be imported into the art of detecting criminals. There will be no getting away from the'long-reaching arm of justice. It will only be requisite to keep a "clair voyant" in the detective force in order to render hidden crime no longer possible. What a pleasant vista is here opened out to the numerous class of individuals who "live on their wits I" Pity thosoerowsof the poor "professor." Mr. Pearson, the Minister of Education, has been compelled to steel his heart against the blandishments of a large depu tation of female employes of the Educa tion Department, who asked the Minister to place them on an equal footing in regard to salary and promotion to that of the members of the sterner sex in the saute class of employ. Had the learned professor not been aided and abetted in his refusal by Mr. Gillies, wsho is a confirmed old bachelor, if not a imysojinist, there is little doubt that it would have struck the logical mind of Mr. Pearson that it was hardly fair to apprise the female brain at a lower figure than the male cerebelltum. Perhaps the acute reason ing powers of the honourable gentleman were somewhat blunted during his am bassadorial trip with Mr. Berry to further the" Enabling Bill." Anyway, lie sent the young ladies away lamenting, and no doubt' wondering how the simple and unsophisti cated geatlemen, who, when "squatting " in South Australia, wrote to his overseer enquiring when his flock of wethers was likely to commence lambing, could be so worldly wise as to refuse the requests of two or three dozen pretty girls, albeit the extra cost would have amounted to tlhe modest sum of sixty thousand pounds a year. The piquant revelations that were to lbe made in'regard to the "drawback duties" repaid to certain Flinders-lane firms, and which a gentleman from Sydney kindly' came over to point out to the Government, will not now be published. The gentlemen implicated are of such un blemished character-lay dignitaries of their several churches-that it would not serve the interests of either religion or morality to gibbet their names. Hod Tom, Dick, or Harry been discovered defrauding the revenue, short work would have been made of them in the Police Court. But it would never do to prosecute elders, churchwardens, and such "uneo guid" persons. So, because they are virtuous, there are to be no prosecutions. The passers of fraudulent entries are to be told to go int peace and sin no more. It is to be hoped the narrow o:ve-pe the delinquents have exp-rienced will be duly laid to heart 1-y them, ind tlhat their only reply to the warning they have received will not be a soilto voc ejaculation of the sname of the lenient Commissioner of Customs--Wnslker: 