, THE FESTIVAL OF THE ASCENSION. -V The services at St. Andrew's Cathedral wore during Holy Week this year rendered additionally impressive by the performance" of the chief part of Bach's " Passion according to St. Matthew, and on Good Friday of portions of the " Messiah." The same excellent practice WItH continued on Thursday, when the festival of the Ascension was commemorated by full choral evensong. selections suitable to the subject, from Handel's '' Messiah," were sung by the Cathedral choir, largely augmented and an appropriate and impressive sermon was preached by the Prifnlito, to a large and attentive congregation. At St. Thomas's, North Shore, a special service was arranged, commencing with a processional hymn, and after the interval for silent prayer, the repetition of the Lord's Prayer, and the reading of the collect for Ascension ' Day, were followed by large selections from Gounod's "Ko demption" by a choir and orchestra under direction of Mr. Joseph Massey. The selections began with the "March to Calvary;" next came the grand chorus, "Forth the Royal Banners (so." The song of " Mary at the foot of the Cross," and the choral following with the portions detailing the " Death of Christ" were rendered; also those parts relating to the going of the Holy Women to the Sopul- I ohio, the appearing of the Saviour, the Sanhedrin, with the chorus of Soldiers of the watch the trio for the Holy I Women-the appearing of JOBS to the Apostles His Ascension The Feast of Pentecost, with the chorus " Lovely appear over the mountains," and the soprano solo, " Ye mountains, yo purposed hills the descent of the Holy Ghost as told by the narrators the soprano solo. " Go ye forth" and concluding with the Grand Hymn of the Apostles, " The Word is FICBII become." The performers included very many of those who studied the work under Mr. Massey last year, and greater familiarity naturally gave (greater freedom and success to their efforts. MISS. Studio and Mrs. Curtis took the soprano solos and the rich, cultivated voice of Miss , Dibbs was again heard in the principal contralto part. Mr. Thompson Brown was the tenor, and Mr. Walsh the bass narrator, while Mr. Foxall sang the part ascribed to the Saviour. At the conclusion of the "Redemption" music a collection was made to defray the expenses of the special musical service and for the Organ Fund, and from the large congregation assembled, there should be enough to meet the first, and considerably help the second object, A hymn was sung during the collection, and after the benediction had been pronounced, a recessional hymn was sung, during which the clergy and choir left the church. Musically, the performance of BOOÍBS, chorus, and orchestra, which included some well-known players, was, on the whole, creditable, and in many places very effective, and the repetition of the work will go far to enable the hearers to j migo of its merits. Mr. Massey has worked most loyally with his forces. This fine church is quite an ornament to the suburb. The architecture is good, and the lighting has been carried out on a system which, though frequently used in English cathedrals, has not been adopted in any other Sydney church. It is beautiful and effective. Those taking part in the musical services were afterwards entertained at supper. 