EXCHANGE OF PULPITS A STEP TO UNITY OF THE CHURCHES. , TO THE EDITOR. Sir — The, in Borne respects, remarkable address of BiBhop Kennion on Tuesday, at the annual meeting of the Synod, is bound to lead to a erekt final nf comment, and T hnnn to friendly rather than hostile criticism. 1 accept it as the outcome; of a sincere Christian mind and, a loving heart. It may be expected that a man of ' Archdeacon Dove's (oh, how misnamed !) narrowness will disapprove of Mb Bishop's longing for the unity of the Church of Christ in Australia, but' as a weight against Mr. Dove's . foolish utterance 1. place that of Canon Green, who approved of every word the Bishop said. But I now leave these clerics alone. The Bishop wishes for an exchange, so it implies, of pulpits as between the Anglican ministers, and the ministers of other Christian denominations on two conditions, and quotes the tests put forth at the Council of Nice, A.D. 325, as the oneB to be insisted on. These are baptism and belief, to be duly administered and con fessed. Every adult candidate for baptism had to declare that he believed ' in the name of the Father, and the Son. and the Holy Ghost,' in opposition to the heresy of Arius, which was rife at that time. The Nicene Creed, so called, affirmed concerning Jesus Christ, also in opposition to the heresiarch in question, that he was ' God of God, Light of Light, very God of very God, begotten, not made, being of one substance with ? the Father;' and concerning the Holy Ghost that He is 'the Lord and giver of life, who proceedeth from the Father and the Son, who with the Father and the Son together is worshipped and glorified.' Sir, I apprehend that the authorized ministers of what are known as evangelical (Protestant) denomina tions in this colony are sound upon these points, or they would not be where they are to- day. Other matters of controversy, were disposed of at thiB imperfectly recorded Council of some importance, but not much. The Bishop has taken a step in ad vance ' as compared with some ? ut terances in the past which have ' occa sioned grief to the minds of : his co religionists in the past three years. Indeed, be has given' up a great deal, and is learning to accept the facts he confronted on his com ing here aa to the existence and well merited influence of other Churches than his own. To be more minute npon this point, he accepts the ministerial orders of hisjbrethren in otheridenominations, and only requires that they accept the teachings of the Council of Nice npon the questions of baptism and belief, as before quoted. On onr side, therefore, if I may so say, there is nothing to be done but at once to open our pulpitB to our Episcopal brethren, which, of course, must be the quid pro quo if they open their pulpits to us. 'This may be done next Lord's Day if desired. That an exchange of pulpits as between the Anglicans and the other denominations would lead to brotherly cooperation for the common good there can be no doubt, and, for one, I would like to see it brought about in my life time very much. I do not contemplate the dis banding of Churches and the Wesleyans swal lowing up all the rest, as jocosely suggested by the Rev. J. C. Kirby in his letter_of this morning ; neither do I BUppose that the Anglicans could swallow either so bulky a substance as all the other denominations would rrake. To talk of such a feat as that is simply ridfculouB, and playing with sacred things. In the earnest hope that some real goodwill come from the Bishops utterances in his very able and truly Christian address, and especially amoDg his own clergy, and their coDgiegations, ...;i_ iwn'S JAMES BICKFOBD. Parkside, May 27. ?- -_????« vr Money and time are valuable v.hn't i^maa may be miserable with both when he.^as more of either than be can spendi ' '' ' . hah* — h 