Ryde. MUNICIPAL COUNCIL. THE usual fortnightly meeting of the Ryde Council was held on Friday evening, the 29th ult. Present:—The Mayor (Mr. H. W. Watts), and Aldermen Ross, Gallard, Forsyth, Small, Best, Jackson, and Moulton. The minutes of the previous meeting were read and confirmed. REPORTS OF COMMITTEES. The Mayor presented a report from the finance Committee, recommending payment of •followingamounts:—Overseer aiidday labourers, £17 7s; Conncil Clerk's salary to 3lst October, £16 5s; Inspector's salary, £*; W. Short, fee as poll clerk, 2ls; postage and duty stamps, summonses, etc., for sis months., £4 18b W. Tunks, balance on contract, North Road, £8 16s; J. E. Manning, for land to widen {Jhurch-Btreet, at junction with Glebe-street, £160. On the motion of Alderman Forsyth, the report wsb adopted and payment ordered. Alderman Gallant, chairman of the WorkB Committee, presented the following Teport :— " The Committee met on the £8rd October, and unaaimouly passed the following matters referred to them:: That Buffalo road.be stamped and cleared ifrom lane Cove road to Princes-street the ifoll width, ,31 chains in length. What 'the waiting roomB at GladeaviUe be spouted and a 400-gSlon tank placed at upper-end ofifcoilding to receive the water. That a pipe drain be laid in linsley.street, and 12 rods of Church- street, GladeaviUe, stamped and cleared, with a water table, on upper side of road on the usual'terms for narrow streets, namely, by the Teeidente subscribing one-fifth of tiie cost. Three other matters referred to the committee for.consideration were postponed until tbeir next meeting. On the mption of Alderman Oallard, :the report was adopted. • ' .• . Conesp' mieaioe was read fropa Jhe Council to Mr. J. E. Manning, requesting bim to ha've-a. drain pipe placed at the entrance to'hisjpremises in'lien of the wooden drain there at'present. To the Principal Under secretary, .requesting that. Bis Excellency mil give permission to the Counoil to borrow tke sum of £1000. From Inspector of Nuisances, forwarding his usual report. From Mr. J. R. linsley, handing over a tracing of the original sale plan of Gladesville Estate, with all streets thereon, and asking the Council to have Bay View Terrace, Meriton, and Clare streets thrown-open to the water as ahowmn said plan- Frfl^Mre. voiding, calling attention to bad repair of ceilings in the Couucil's cottage. Referred to the Works Committee. It was decided that the plan forwarded by Mr. Linsley should be transmitted to the Government, requesting that the fBtreetB may be aligned according to the said plan. XOUCBS OF ilOTION. Alderman Moulton moved, — "That the Works Committee report on the necessary repairs to Wicks' road." Curried. Alderman Forsyth moved,—"That a return be prepared showing amounts of rates, etc., received and expended in return, and a copy furnished to each alderman." Carried. CCSSTION. Alderman Jackson said he wished to ask, jrithout notice, whether anything was being done to have the new cemetery opened for use. The M«por replied that 'he was of opinion that they should ask the Government to appoint trustees for the portion set apart as a general oemetery. After some discussion it was decided that the Government be requested to appoint the Municipal Council as trustees for -the- general cemeterv. Th< .e Oocacil then roBe. Cembteby.—A meeting of the .trnstees appointed for the Church of England portion of the hew cemetery was held a >few weeks .ago, when Mr. Gerard E. Herring -was appointed chairman, and Mr. George H. Pope-aecretary, and tbe latter was requested to prepare rules and regulations for conrideration at a future meeting. The secretaiy having Obtained a plan of (die cemetery, and prepared roles as aforesaid, a meeting of the -trustees -was held last Tuesday evening at the residence of Mr. Gerard E. Herring, when the irules having been carefully considered, they were unanimously adopted, and on the motion of Mr..£Teannerett, seconded by Mr. Lovell, the secretary was requested to forward the same for the approval of the Government. The trustees intend to meet on the land for the cemetery next weekto consider the best site on which to erect a cottage for a caretaker. A Fbight.—Most people doubtless have remarked how very quietly a bicycle spins along the road, so that if one is travelling along behind you you hear nothing of its approach. It appears that a few weeks ago a young builder, who is well known for his achievements on a bicycle, was on the Lane Gove road one night, and a farmer was also ahead of him plodding his way home. When the bicycle, came close past him as quietly aB the ghost in " Hamlet," and looking almost as shadowy in the dim light between the trees, it startled the farmer, who ruBhed on one side for a moment; but when he found out who and what it was he, as they say in "Pinafore," almost swore the profane language. It was, however, a very mild word after all, considering the fright he received. Wjbathhs.—Splendid rains fell here on Wednesday, w^h proved very acceptable to the fruitgrowers, and indeed to everybody, except a few who had to venture out in it. Comcbbt.—A concert in aid of the prise fond took place in St. Charles' R. C. (School on Friday evening last. There was a large attendance, and Mr. Collingridge presided. The programme included songs, recitations, chornses, lightning sketches, short dramas, etc. The principal performers were the Misses Martin, Toole, Jenkins, Small, Wicks, Fitzgibbon, and Cooney. To these ladies, the Sisters, and Messrs. Kemahan and Ecrick praise is due for the able manner in which they contributed to the success of the evening. Wbslevan Parsonage Fund. — A tea and public meeting in aid of the Ryde Wesleyan parsonage fund will take place in the church on the 12tih instant. Several addresses are to be delivered at the meeting, and the choir will render sacred selections. Accident,—On Tuesday last a man named Henry Wagstaff met with a severe accident. He was using an axe when it slipped and cut his instep very severely. His injuria were attended to at toe Balmain Cottage Hospital, November 4. 