THffi HAUNTSO HOUSE- "Yonarenpltoaof undigested potato," raid Mr Ebenrzer Scrooge, ta the Christmas Carol, to the gheetof Mr J<cob Marley wheo it entire! bis private apartment without .van knock- mo at tha door. ud. no donbt. manv gbeeto on creation ef this order. It to more than probable ledted that the morning break- (ut el th Scottish period had somethlag ta do with tho obtrusive appearance ol Buqoo et Lady Macbeth'.- .mall and eurly," Bqt 'here are wore lltfs haunting houree tfcp the h trail mi ud eatriTmu eheerfal ghost. There are draughts, damp wffila, ud, won than nil, tool nnd dieeta- cresting odor. Out of th four toon thousand -JJ JaaSLa _Ll.t. 1— uua uuumi romit wiulh bsts vnunn iu Victoria during 13dS, th report of th Central Board ot Health attributes an unptouutly large proportion to tha amattofactarj .tato ef th foundation upoa which many houau are built. Soma ta them, says this matter-of-fact document, " in sodden with water, othera ar covered with rank weeds, ud oecamon- ally tad holes at ftllad with ra tals and rabbtoh." Arehltoetnra of this ntnr may have beu congenial to Mariana in .he Moated Grange, her misery probably acting as a counter-irritant to rbenmatlsm ; but tha ordinary human being is not likely ta appreciate it. Neither to It plauant to read that tha water tape ua generally at the back of then homes tbat there ar no proi er precautions ta carry off tba wast water, ud that ta far too many cues it fall Ite way under tb oaee, when it can not be evaporated, and ta mentnally the or bed by th brick walla. " Bnch bo usee," re, marks tb report pithily, " un only be used at th expense ta the health of tb Inmates." And n warmly endorre the opinion. The rapid increase ta th population in Mai bo time ud the snbnrbi no donbt neeeeel- tatee proportionately rapid ud exteneive build- tog. Bnt then ie no rateon why thie building Aoald not be carried on ith dne regard to the recogaleed law of rani, tation. It may ba to tha interest ud predt of Mr Hnaamup ta build houses srith rot tan foundation ud detective drainage— there are men living on tha fatef tha lud who would lodge thair fellow creator in pi get 1m if thay conld make u extra sovereign by doing o— and Ih word -aeamptog" hu now u ack nowledged place In the commercial dictionary. But laws are not made for tb benefit of private individual, and although it to elalmad -that tha colony hu mad n decided advuoe in sani tary mattare doting tb lut twelve month'' w cu aseur the offioore of the Centra' Board of Health that ua of tha builders wbo an erecting honaes tn the suburbs and elsewhere decidedly require looking after. 