"FREE AlIONG THE DEIAD." -4- A Nav?Ty's l~cminiscence. (Concluded.) PART II. , It might have been about three o'clock in the afternoon, just when there was a bit of breathing.time between the racos, that I few two gents, real out-and- out swells, oome walk. ing along my way, deep in talk. Accidental like, one of then cast his eye upon Monk,who was trotting all around enjoying hisself very much. I saw the gentleman's face change, and he stopped in his walk and his talk, and c?sling the attention of his companion to the dog, he said something which I couldn't hear. It was just as if he recognized the dog which sartinly was a dog to be known any. where-and the queer part of it was that the cretur seemed to know him too, for when he spoke to it, and gave it a pat, it wagged its bit of a tail, and never so much as gave a ghost of a snarl. SShbrimpy was soon aware of what was going on, and it would have been contrary ti his natur' to sit still and see what was com. ing next. Bein' such a little ninny, he was all of a quiver to show that he was the dog's master like, and so he called out : 'Here, Monk, good dog, coma here i ' to which Monk came, and the gentleman stood still, looking after him. Shrimpy, in his fever to show off, must needs get out his pipe, and another old stump, and say to the dog: • Now, let's have a smoke, Monk.' Consequently the dog, obedient to orders, sat up, and let Shrimpy put the pipe between his teeth, and then he looked round. as solemn as a judge, and Shrimpy, he looked round grinnin' like a Chesahy cat. He were delighted when he saw the gentleman come towards him, for that was just what he was ehapin' for. How ever, the gentleman didn't look much like en joying a joke, fer his facewas exceedin' grave. lie spoke up very loud and clear, as if he were slraid Sbrimpy were to half-saved to under Et~d plain English. "' Is that clever dog your own property, my good fellow 2 ' " m .sorry to say he ain't answered Shrimpy. "'Then will you tell me how he comes to to with you?' asked the gentleman.;" He's followed me-that's how and that's wh,' says Shrimpy. "' And you don't know who he' belongs to4' " 'Oh, yes, I do,' says Shrimpy, quite cheeky like, puffing away at his pipe. "'I should very much like you to tell me,' says the gentleman. "He spoke most patient, as if he meant to stay there until he'd heard all Shrimpy could tell him, and very loud, as if he feared Shrimpy was deaf cs well as rather daft. "' I ain't deaf,' says Shrimpy, who, though he didn't mind the quizzitin', didn'tlike bein' hollered at; ' and as to this yere dawg, he be. longs to my mate.' "The gentleman asked Shrimpy a lotmore questions about where his mate worked, and so on, and Shrimpy told him in his fashion all he wanted to know. I kept my distance, beeause I didn't feel called upon to go and give as my opinion that Jericho weren't all square, and how I'd 'spected him from the first of being a deserter. At. last the gentle man walked away, leavin' Shrimpy as proud as Punch at harin' so much notice took of him and the dawg. It struck me though, that Monk would have done quite well to have stayed along with Jericho that day, so that there'd-have- been-no chance of his commin' under the notice of anyone who knowed a little too much about his master-it indeed, Jericho was the dog's rightful master at all? However, in any case I didn't mean my thoughts about Jericho and his bygones to go any farther than thinking, for so long as he done his work-which I will truly say he did-why should he come to harm by me? "Still, when there's somethink odd about a mate, it ain't in human natur' not to try and get a bit of information about him, if it's only for the sake of taking a rise out, of his elyness. So, when those two gentle men walked away, very slowly, and in close confab, thinks I to myself that. their talk might throw some light on the dark tess for me; and when they'd sat them down on a bench, still busy talking, and the one who'd asked the questions very much took up wi' poking bits o' turf with the end . of his walking-stick, I made so bold as to go quietly anigh them, and try whether I coall hear anything they were saying. I could pretty plainly, only losing a few words, and very much interested I were in what I ketehed, though they were speaking of some. thing quite other than what I expected to hear, for, by some reason which I couldn't no ways fit in, they were talking about that young gentleman down Nottingham way who'd had the miefortin' to kill the other at football, And, as for as I made out, they were quite our way of thinkin' about the aeei dent part of it. One of the gentlemen-the one has had questioned Shrimpy- seemed to know most about it, and he were telling it to his friend. The sum and substance of the story was that this Mr. Galbraith were counted among gentlefolk what we should call among navvies 'a reg'lar black.' He had run through a lot of money, and behaved very bad to his father, though, acordin' to their way of putting it, and wi' losing eight of some of the big words, I didn't rightly make out what line his ondootifulness took. And he'd the very devil of a temper, so that, when he were angered, he'd wait, and plan, and watch, until he saw his way to scoring against them he was wroth with. "For all this there was a poor young lady somewhere who believed in him and loved him, and from the gentleman's way of stat ing this part of the matter I drawed the con. elusion that he were mortal jealous of the feeling she had for Mr. Galbraith. Well, then there seemed to have been some tarble row at a dinner, where there was a great many gentlemen-maybe they'd had more'n eanough red port and sich--and 3ir. GCa!braith was in it, and so was the gentlemoan as got killed, who was some kin to Mr. Galbraith's young lady, and had done his best ofttimes to show her what a bad lot her lover were. Whether the quarrel begar about this, or whether the lady's name was dragqed in after they'd disagreed on something else, I didn't make out; but, anyhow, she was mentioned, and they got all the angrier over that, no doubt, At last lIr. Galbraith got the worst of it, as was but riaht, seeing whaet manner of chap he were. Then he swore, so that all present heard him, that he'd punish this Mr. Campbeul sooner or later. It was the next day but one he got the chance, and, no sweet, gentle thoughts of that poor lass comin' in time to stop him, he took it--fot this gentle man made no doubt, in spiteof the crowner's inquest giving the verdict as they did, that Mr. Campbell's death ast football were an accident done on purpose. Likewise, he said, quite decided, that he was seure that Mr. Galbraith had not drowned hisoelf, end what be was goin' to say next I didn't get the chbance of hearing, for some ladies came up and stopped their talk, and I saw them no more after that. "It give me ominat to think of, though: for it seemed so curious that I should have been attracted to listen to those gentlemen on aeount of Jericho, and howj he came by Monk, or what he done amiss, or where there gentlemen had knowed about him and Monk, which were quite disinteresting in comparison. I told Curly and the others about it goin' home, and we all thought it was very queer business, and it took us most of the way back in conversation, As for Shrimpy, he were that tired that he couldn' get more n three parts of the road; he had to lay down under a hayrick to take' his night's rest, and Monk came along with us, just as if he were one of us, and not a dog at any man's bck or call. "Jericho had turned in when we got back, and Monk went to his uanal place at the foot of his master's bed. The next morning, when Jericho started his work by givin' the dog his, jacket and tommy-bag to look arter, I says: ,"I say, Jericho, I s'pose you wouldn't care to part wi' that dog o' yourn ?' "'Part with him l' says Jericho; ' not if I know it; besides, thero'd be two to that bargain, for he wouldn't part with meiif I would with him.' "' Well, I don't know about him,' I says; ' he followed Shrimpy very friendly yesterday, and maybe he'd follow someone else, and stick to them.' "' Tain't very likely,' says Jericho. "'Well, how long have you had him,' I asks,'if I may make so free?' "'How long?' he said, after' me. "'Well, ever since he was a pup old enough to be took away from his mother.' 'I 'LRselyl' I says, but I wasn't sure im my mind that he wasn't telling me a most outrig' ions lie. ".Now, sir, if ever you've been on a bit of a spree-which I spake no doubt, look at -things from' the right pint of view, you have-you may have noticed- leastways, I have-that the following day, when you go to bucklo to work again, things seem to have a great inclination to go contrairy. Either the tackle gets ont o' gear wi' lying idle isted o' being used, or else a man's thought's go wool.gathering, or his sight isn't quite so clear nor his hand quite so steady as usual. Anyhow, the day after a holiday is a most moitherin' confoundabloe time in general, and so I found in that mornin' after the races. To begin with, pretty nearly all the men said it were ohilly, and wouldn't tak' their jackets off.: Now nothing riles me-as a ganger like seein' a man make shit to do his work all moflled up. Then soinme dunderhead chap went and put his foot into my bottle of tea junt;'afore brakfas.time. Nertny the agent come up the line-which he were a snarly tempered chap-and he growled and grumbled till he druv me pretty near wild.. Then summat went wrong with the little tipping engine that was used for our headin' work, so that because the engine-driver had been havin', too much beer in his holiday, and his rope.runner weren't up to driving stiddy, the men working in the shafts were throwed all behind. I'm a worry easy-goin' man most tlmes, but I got clean put out that mornin'. and I did a lot of hollering, and I dare say I sweared a good bit, too-savin' your presence -which is not a good practice, but which I olten have fell into when workin' at high pressure. "At last, about noon. when the men ought to ha' been knocking off for dinner, the engine was ready to shunt up our trrcks, so I made myself as much of a Tartar as I could, and I says: "'Now,mates, no dinner-time till these wa?sons is all full, so look alive I" ' -Some on 'em looked crusty; but 'twere no good. Orders is orders, or what's the use of a ganger? Sointo the headin' the man went who had to pack down the waggnh:loads and Jericho went in among the rest. Then she engine, as if to make up for lost time, pot on steam enough to haul fitty loaded trucks there's no doubt but that this were pure onsecdness on the part of that young rope. runner-and ron the tracks back into the trucks back into the headin' like mad. I fairly screeched at him, for temporary rails .won't stand suchgtampagin'; but he took no heed of me-he were a vain young fellow, as fancied hisself very much. I knew what would come to pass-at least, I so greatly looked to ree it, that I wore in no wise asn tonished to sae one of the line of trucks as it came to the headin'.mouth come to a sudden stand with a doll crash, and then turn a little sidewayr, while the next one to it reared up like, and would have stood on endif it hadn't been for the coupline. And all the time that silly chap was Fquintinr over his shoulder, and lookin' as wise as if he'd been, doing something very praisable. instead of getting his waggons off the rails just when there was no more time to be wasted. I were 8n the top when it happened, but I come down in a braes of ehakes, and bid him reverse his engine, which, luckily, he had just thought of doing; bhut it was more'n his engine conld do to tug those ivaggons bok' so as to right them. and after ten minutes of trying, I' sent him off down the line to fetch'another :engino and we sat down to our'dineer.' - " We had just begun 'wheh sateoeo'b?alls ",out:' ,loot "' Why, look at Shrimpy l'What: a hurry. he's in to get backlat last I"-, . ? , " We looked up and sai poborlttle Shrimpy come tearing alone as if he,were: very "hotly hunted. So out of breath ha was whenhe got. to nus that not one word could he get out, except "Jericho I" "We'd had a hungrifying'morning, so we entered no further into perticklers than to :p'int toward the headin' where Jericho and the others were safely abut 'p in their man-holes until thi trucks should be righted,. . "Shrimpy panted for breath for a time, and st last, when he'd drunk a drop of cold tea and wiped the sweat 'off his face, he beckoned me to one side. "'Mr. Hillman," he said, "as I were comin' along, about twenty minutes since; I heard someone come drivin' along behind me. I turned to see what it was, and I saw that gentleman what spoke to me yesterday on the racecourse, and two-two'-the poor little chap quite quaked to say the next word " two policemen along with him; and when they came up with me, the gent knew me again; and asked me whether they were on the right track for our work, and how much farther it were and all that. Whatever' can they want, 3Mr. Hillman ?" "' It won't be "what", Shrimpy," I says; "it'll be "who".' "'An' who do you think they want, Mr. Hillman ?" He asked as it life' and death depended on what I thought. Also, I could tell by the twitching of his face that his thoughts turned to the question the gentle. man had put to him the day before. "'I couldn't say, Shrimpy,' I thought it best to say-as, indeed. I couldn't azaEckiy. "' And Jericho's is in the headin'?' "'Heis,' I said; 'and likely to be there yet a while, unless you can get the waggons beck on to the rails.' " With that I turned and left him, for I had just ketched ighte of our engine comin back with one ol the more powerful ones, and, likewise, I Eeed the gentleman saod the two bobbies comin' down the hill on foot, havin' been obliged to leave their carritch a little bit farther back. They were writh us almost as soon as the engine; but I didn't worrit myself to tak' any notice of their :rrival, seein' I'd got work enough to mind [ my own. The gentleman steood still, and tooked round at all the men ihe could see; hen he walked on by hiself, lookin' well about all the time, cas it he was trying to make 'ec of us out, and couldn't. Presently his ye fell on Jeriho's dog, nd then he spoke :p to that we could all hEar, though some of : looeked stead'ly at the engines, and made .'s though we heard newt. "' Where is the owner oi this dog?' ".No one made answer, earve Monk hisself, ohich looked up and snarled. "With that be walked back to the bobbies, and I see one.of them makin' toward me. "'Good-mornin',' he says, very civil though it were more'n two hoort past noon, ' are you chief man here?' "'I am,' said I, short and plain. "'Then will you tell me where the man is who owns that white bull-terrier ?' . "' Sartinly,' I says; 'ho's in behind them trucks, and if you wants him you'll have to content yoreelf to wait a bit, till the engines have pulled the trucks out.' "' All right,' he says;: then we will wait.' "' And mavI ask,' I said, ' whatyou wants wi' one of we?' "The bobby grinned sarcaetic-like, and says he: "'One of you I Well, you'll have to prove that, and in the meantime this gentleman's come to 'dentify him for Mr. Hugh Galbraith, if Pole Iegis, Nottinghamshire, which we've ;ot a warrant against him for the wilful ,nurder of Mr. Francis Campbell.' "Sir, you might have knocked me down v?i' a bit of apebble. The green grass seemed to jump up towards the sky, and the sky went ill wavy and crumply around the hill-tops; but yet, as soon as the words-nay, before the words were out of the policeman's mouth, I seemed to have known it all along. And ,h, I did feel sorry for that young man at that minute; whatever he'd been, and who lver he was, I felt kind o' choked at the eotion of him, after workin' out in the fresh, "right air, free to come and free to go, bein' :and-cuffed, and carried off to a close, stuffy little cell, behind high, grim walls. with the erribla look.-out of that trial before him, and ,he sense of that guilt upon his consciesi?e *o eat up his courage. And while I W?t~ ,.flectin' I saw the engines couple oa, and strain to their work of pulling out the wag:? .ons, and every pull was bringing poor. Jeri cho so much nearer the tarble lot in stor· for him. "I seemed quite unwillin3 to see the truckn move. though a quarter of an hour afore I were fumin' and frettin' to have them ship shape. Out they came slowly enough, makin' such a sawin' and grindin' among the broken rails that it were enough to give you ja'.ache for a month. Of course the fillers came along with the waggons-that is, three did, and when I looked to see who was missin', I saw no Jericho. I looked at the three men, and they at me. " ' Where's Jericho ? ' I asked. ' Why didn't he come out with you?' "' That's more'n I can tell you,' answered one of them, a man we called Ginger Tom, ' We'd best get in quick with a light and see if he's come to grief.' " It seemed quite unpossible that aught should have befallen him, because he would have been as right as a trivit in his man-hole. Neverthelese, IfollowedGinger, andsome more followed me. "Sir, I've seem many a sad accident in my time, which each one have give me a feelin' quite ondescrible, that comes in my chest and throat like a weight of lead, and mounts up into my ears like a rough singin', and spreads itself before my eyes like a thick mist; but when we found Jericho lying in a heap, not in his shelter, but beside it, as if he'd lost his presence of mind and jumped out into the grip of the struggling truces, when we held the light towards him, and saw him seemingly dead, I said, ' God knows whether this isn't amerai ful death for him. " Then we raised him and carried him out; and, when the light o' day shone on him, 'twould have been hard to say whether the bleeding, quivering form was Jericho or some one else. We took him slowly up on to the bank, his dog whining round us as we went, and Shrimpy crying and wailing like a child that has lost its mother; and we saw, as we laid him down, that life was not quite out of him, for he opened his eyes, and, moaning wearily, made as though he would haveraised his hands. The gentleman, when hesawwhat had happened, came forward, his face full of horror and pity. He knelt down by poor Jericho's side, whose fixed, senseless look fell upon him. I watched the gentleman very keen, to see if, by any chance, it were all a mistake; but he kept silence, and I could make out nothing from his face, except the pity and awe nat'ral to a man wno sees a fellow-creetur in his last agony. He kept silence, and so did we all, as we watched poor Jericho's'life fluttering in his crushed features for awhile; but in the course of a few mo ments the glassy eyes seemed to light up with a remembrance of where he was, and then a fuller sense of things must have come upon him, for, after moving his lips without a sound, he said-taking away all hopes of doubt : "' Kerr, is that you, or am I dreaming?' "And the other said: "'You're not dreaming. It is quite true that I am here.' "' What areyou here for?"' Jericho asked. ' Have you run me to earth at last ?' "'Oh, Galbraith,' I heard the other answer,' what can I say? You are about to answer before God for what you did.' "' Kerr,' said Jericho,struggling as though he were determined to conquer his pain, and speak this once, ' I am innocent before God -of that-though I know I never should have been able to prove it before men. I didn't see who it was on the ground, and I scarcely knew I had kicked him. Afterwards, when I saw what I had done, I knew I had no chance. I was too heavily handicapped.' "It would have been worse than no use to waste reproaches on past wrong-doing, then, and I was truly glad that Mr. Kerr (as Jericho, or rather this unfortunate Hr. Gal. braith called him) said nothing about the folly and wrong headedness of what had godec before and after that fearful accident. "' Can I do anything for you, Galbraith?' he asked. "But poor Jericho had sunk back after his, ffort. I heard him sob out, 'Alice,' in a kind of whisper, and 'Alice' again very faintly. His lips fluttered once more, then his pain, and his troubles, and his sad, mis spent life were over, and poor little Shrimpy sank down by him, sobbing his very heart away. "His father and a few friends came and buried him quietly in the vrLlae charchyard nearest to where he died, and among the rest eame a fair, sweet-eyed lady, who looked sad- beyond all power of been comforted, which, no doubt, was the poor lady who had loved him so well all through, and whose name had been the last sound on his dying lips. c".Sir," said the old man, whose face and voice had grown very solemn over his re miniscence, "'teint very often, saving your presence, as I goes to church: but on one oco casion, when I chanced to be there, I marked some words they read out, which was--'Free among the dead, like unto them that are' wounded and lie in the grave'-and I says to myself, ' If them words does not apply to the ease of ir. Galbraith, whioh we called Jerichbo, it seems to me that thoey can't be rightly fitted on to anylthing.'" 