FERNTREE GULLY. From our own Correspondent. The members of the cricket club at Lysterfield, which has been in existence over two years, have at last brought their club prominently before the public in the shape of a concert and ball, which took place on Friday evening last in the State school of that district, and was a decided success. The originator of this club was Mr. A. Smith, who has always possessed a high tendency for the merry pastime, and the result of the meeting must have convinced this promoter of sport that the residents fully appreciate his energies in this direction. At this concert the min- strels appeared the great attraction, and long before the time for commencement the room was packed to its fullest capacity. The chair fell to the lot of Mr. J.T. Dobson, who viewed the game of cricket in glowing terms, remarking the advance- ment it had made not only in the old country but in our own land. He re- ferred to the several teams that had gone to England to represent this colony and always brought back a bright career of their winnings in the mother land. Speaking of the game in our own neighborhood he was bound to admit that the cause of suc- cess was due to our friend Mr. Smith, who appeared always to the front in advancing the game. An overture on the piano by Miss Barry in excellent style, set the Excelsior Minstrels in form. Bones was represented by Mr. Carey in his well known humorous style and created sport for his hearers. Tambo, in the person of Mr. Stanford, appeared in better form than on previous occasions, while the part of Mr. Johnson could not have been in better hands. Miss Barry accompanied the performers on the piano throughout the programme, showing talent of no mean order. Bones was as usual all at home in singing "Climbing up the golden stairs" and "Darkies keep in the middle of the road." Mr. Seaby was never heard to better advantage in "Dreaming of home and mother." Tambo sang "Run Away musketeer" in fairly good style. Mr. Mason was again on the sands "Gathering up the shells from the sea shore." Mr. Dawson (as Mr. Johnson) gave satisfaction in "My old Kentucky home, good night." In the second part Mr. Ogden, of Dande- nong, appeared in great power, for which he was received with a deserving encore. Mr. Walker, also of Dandenong, sang "Boldly advance Australia." Mr. O'Con nor again treated the audience with a horn- pipe, for which he was called back. Dr. Seaby rendered in fine style "The Mar- quis." The whole was brought to a close by two farces. "The shaving business" and "A ghost scene," which brought down the house. The ball which took place after was equal to the concert in attendance, and was kept in motion by our dancing friends till daylight dawned, when ended the first concert and ball ball under the auspices of the Lysterfield cricket club. Mesdames Jones and Cove were most attentive in supplying the wants of the inner man, and received the thanks of those who were benefitted by their hospitality. It must be a point in favor of the Fern- tree Gully Rifle Club that among its mem- bers there are some who appear to hold a good reputation with the rifle. At the Hamilton matches, which came off a week or so ago, Mr. Carey, of this club, secured three prizes—one a silver medal, and two money prizes—for high scoring at various ranges, making in one event 97 out of a possible 105, which speaks for itself when it is remembered that there were no less than 300 competitors. The rechabites of the Gully are once more about to issue forth from their tents, and on the 1st of next month they intend holding a ball on a grand scale. It is now about seven years since their last festival, and to judge by the way their coming ball is being worked up it promises to be a great success. Already our fair sex have consulted the milliner in hope of appear ing on the occasion in something which has never been seen before in our midst. Mr. J.T. Dobson (President of Berwick Shire) has arranged to hold a meeting at the Gully of ratepayers on an early date, which is to be fully advertised. As certain reports have been in circulation to the effect that this member for the Centre Riding has not been attentive to the in- terests of the residents he is determined to clear the matter in a straightforward manner, which step is a good one, seeing that we are now pending an election. Let us hope that the ratepayers will re- spond to the call, when the grieved iones will have an opportunity to state their cases. 