An English Ghost Story. LADY Hoby is again said to be haunting J3iaham Abbey, and is causing no little sensation. She was the wife of the Eaglieh ambassador to the Court of France in 1566. The abbey is the most historic religious house, in Berkshire, and in one of the apartments is a peculiar painting representing the lady with a very white face and hands, dressed in the coif, weeds, and wimple then allowed "to a baronet's lady. In this identical dress, it is most strongly averred, she has been frequently seen in one of the iedrooma of the Abbey, with a: self- supporting basin moving before her, in which she is perpetually trying to wash her hands, but the most remarkable part Of the story is that the so-called apparition always appears in the negative, viz., the black part white and the white part black. The story, as now told by the.domeatios and vil- lagers, is that she beat ber son William to death because he could not write without making blole, and a singular part of the. tale is that a short time ago, in altering the shutters of the dining-room, a great number of children's copy books of the time of Queen B'izabeth were discovered pushed between the joists of the floor, some of whioh answered exactly to the tale as if the child could not write a single line without making a blot. Neither the domestics at the Abbey nor the adjacent villagers will hear one word against the narrative.—London Letter in, the Philadelphia, Telegraph. "I WISH to know the-amount of lumber re oeived at this port annually, from the north, said Deacon Fitch, walking up and down the sanctum with his eyes on the carpet, wonder whom I had better «pply to for the figurea." "That's an easy one," said Mr. Upton smiling good-humoredly at his ohief's oversight of an obvious source of information! " Shall I ring for the commercial editor ? " , r Oh no, no," the Dercon exclaimed, mo tioning his obliging subordinate to keep his seat: " It isn't for the paper; the figuresare needed to guide me in a private investment, want the truth." 