BIBLE QHRISTIAN CONFERENCE ' The annual session of the Bible Christian ' Conference was continued ,; at the Youhg 3treet Bible Christian Church on Mouday, March 1, under the presidency of the Rev. L-. LAKe. a tie use 01 stations was natuiy read as follows : — - . . ; Adelaide District— Adelaide, J.Tra win, J. Foster ( Book'Ste ward). J. Taorne (Secre- tary to the Conference) ; Bowden, O. Like, T. Robert?, T. Allen (supernumerary) ; Good wood, J. Kowb; Eastwood and Kensington, J. Dingle, C. Martin (to attend Union College), J. Hancock (supernumerary) : Port Adelaide, W. H. Cann ; Gawler, J. H. Ashton, £. A. Kemp ; Chairman of District, 0\. Lake; Chapel Secretary, J. Dingle; Sun day-school Secretary, W. H. Cann. Yankalilla District. — Yankalilla and Willunga, R. Lang; Clarendon and Willunga, W. Richards (and Chairman of District) Port Elliot, James Pearce (and Sunday Bchool Secretary) ; Mount Lofty, T. Piper; John Pearce; Mount Torrens, G. Varley (and Chapel Secretary) ; Millicent, one to be Bent. Burra District. — Borra, W. F. James (and Chapel Secretary) ; Kapunda, F. Bullock (and Sunday - school becretary) ; Auburn, J. Raymont (and Chairman of Dis trict); Biverton, J. Collinga; Halle tt, W. T. Isaac; Silverton, G. £L Paynter, T. Heard. Eadina District. — Kadina. E. Hill,; Moonta, T. McNeil (and Chapel Secretary) ; Balaklava, T. Hillman (and Chairman of District) ; Kulpara, H. Mason (and Sunday Bshool Secretary); Crystal Brook, T. E. Keen; Keilii, C. Young; Snowtown, C. Treeise. The pastor of Crystal Brook to have the oversight of Keilii. Port Ad gust a District. — Port AugU3ta, J. Hancock, jun. (and Sunday-school* Secre- tary) ; Gladstone, W. W. Finch (and Chair man of District) ; Wilmington, R. C. Yeoman (and Chapel Secretary) ; Wirrabara, E. J. Sairpson j Qaorn, W. H. Peters ; Port Ger mein, J. G. Martin; Orroroo, J. Stay el; CarrietOD, W. Pett. The pastor of the Gladstone Church to have the oversight of Carrieton, and the pastor cf Port Augusta to have the oversight of Quorn. The Secketabt co the Missionaby Society (the Rev. T. Piper) presented the annual report, which stated that the year's labours had not been altogether in vain, conversions having taken place in most of the stations. The young had been taught in the Sabbath schools, and hundreds were thus being led into the paths of righteousness. The cause of temperance had been promoted in con nection with the gospel, and many had thus been reclaimed from evil habits. The sick and dying had been visited, and life and light had been brought into their hour3 of darknees and doubt. In some respects the past year had been one of almost unexampled trial. The commercial depression which had everywhere prevailed culminated in the failure of the late harvest. This had sorely interfered with the finances in most of the stations, and in various ways limited the scope of operations. A considerable number of the members of the Churches and congregations had been compelled to remove to other localities and colonies, and were thus lost to the Church. After all their numbers were but few less than last year. The ordinary receipts to the General Mission Fund were upwards of £88 above those of last year. A few pounds had also been contributed to the reduction to the mission debt ; £78 2s. 6d. had been sub scribed to the land for defraying the cost of bringing ministers from England. Two daughters of the President forwarded £6 6s. they bad gathered toward tne Silverton Mis sion, and the Secretary would be glad if their example was followed by. other young people. Reports on the work ? done in several districts were read. The Adelaide District report stated that they had had disappointments, afflictions, and death, but the promise had been fulfilled, ' I will never leave thee.' A few had joined the Church— Borne from the Sabbath-schools — though the increase had been but small. The Sunday- school, while not large, was healthy. The. West Adelaide congregation had improved considerably. The Goodwood people reported affairs as stationary, except at Happy Valley, where-the congregation had increased. The local preachers had been regular in. fulfilling their appointments.. In the Eastwood and Kensington Churches thirty-five persons had been admitted into fellowship, and after filling vacancies there was a Email increase of members. The Sunday- Bchools were improving, but class rooms were required for the senior scholars. Port Adelaide reported eight more members than last year, although twenty- eight had removed. ' Port Elliot announced a slight increase of members and decrease of the trust debt. Port Augusta reported alterations of a substantial character to the Church during the year, and a steady increase of members. The Silverton statement was most encouraging, the number of members having steadily increased during the year, and a numerously attended Sunday-school had been established. The Treasurers state ment showed the income as £522 5s. 10d., and the expenditure £851 19s. 10d., including deficiency of £355 Is. lOd last year, and in terest on same £24 17s. The grants to missions amounted to £254 Is. 5d. The mis sionary debt allocated among the various Circuits last year stood at £766 lls. 4d., and the accrued interest amounted to £57 13s. 3d. towards this £10 IO3. had been received. Some years ago the Conference decided that the Circuits which were unable to pay their share of the debt should pay the interest on the amounts due by them. A discussion ensued as to the advisability of requiring the Circuits to pay this interest, but it was ulti mately decided 'That the interest on the missionary debt be charged this year to the current account.' The balance-sheet of the Ministers' Passage Fond showed a credit balance of £88 18s. lOd. The Chapel Secretary (Rev. W. Richards) presented the report for the past year as follows: — 'After carefully reviewing : the past year's operations we are happy to be able to state that the returns from the various districts show that there is no de crease of interest in this important branch. It is very natural to suppose that the great commercial depression which has existed throughout the colony during the past year has had a prejudicial effect on our finances, and yet the income of the past year, £7,216 3s. Id., is perhaps the largest we have ever had. Five new Churches, one minister's residence, and one schoolroom have been built during the year, the aggregate cost of which is £2,094 7s. 9d., towards which the noble sum of £1.087 13s. 2d.s more than half of the whole, has been raised. Some very noble efforts are worthy of special reference. At Crystal Brook the entire debt on the Church (£200) has been wiped oft. A small Church at Bendleby, erected at a cost of £177, has been opened free of debt. At Eooringa a substantial and beautiful manse has been built, and considerably more than half the outlay has been met. Adelaide District.— A new Church has been opened at West Hindmarsh in the Bowden Circuit ; cost, £314 15s. Id.; amount raised, £105 2s. 6d., leaving a debt of £210. Repairs have been made m the Happy Valley Church at a cost of £20 12s. 5d., and amount met. Debt3 have been reduced as follows : — West Ade laide, £18 Is. 5d.; Findon, £50; New Thebar ton, £20; Sturt, £30; Portland Estate, £13; Glanville,£30 ; Alberton, £20; Smithfield, £10. More than £40 have been spent in repairs, &c.;, on the manse at Angle Vale. Anew organ has been placed in the Church at Woolshed at a cost of £25. and one in the Church at Fullar ton, cost £34. The cost in each case, I under stand, has been met, bat does not appear in the returns. New classrooms have been erectsd in Adelaide Church and paid for. At Goodwood the trustees have £L14 in hand, and I understand intend to reduce the Church debt £100 forthwith. Yankalilla District. — Repairs costing several pounds have. been made at Maclaren Church and Schoolroom, and paid. A new porch has been added to the Church at Karrogate, and cost met. Debts have been reduced on the following trusts: — Myponga, £25 15s.; Wellington, £10; Middleton, £10; Forest road, £10 ; and Middleton manse, £5. Barra District. — A new manse has been built at Kooringa; cost, £745; amount raised, £393 7s. 10d.; present debt, £351 12s. 2d.; there are outstanding promises to the amount of £14. At Rye, In the Orroroo Circuit, a new Church has been erected at a cost of £243 93. 10d.; raised, £107 10s.; debt, £135 19s. lOd. A new Church has also been built at Silver ton; cost, £388 10a. 2d.; raised, £138 10a. 2d.; leaving a debt of £250. A new wall has been built in front of the Church at Kooringa, also a new gate supplied; cost, £38 43. Ventilation and other improvements made in the Church at Mount Bryan cost £14 14s. Repairs and improvements at Kapunda cost £16. Lower Skilley Church has been ' renovated ; cost, £13 103. At Hallett a new platform for the singers has been erected and other improvements made, cost £13 63. Morchard Church has been supplied with new seats, cost £39, and Walloway Church repaired, cost £10 4s, In each of tho?e cases the entire cost has been met. At Watervale the schoolroom has been thoroughly renovated and new seated, a new gate fixed, and the ground planted with trees, cost £88 Is. lOd. j amount raised, £46 Is. 10d. At Riverton a new organ has been bought at a cost cf £60, towards which £50 his been raised. Debts have been reduced as follows : — KcoriBga, £20; Auburn, £100; Wakefield, £35; Higher Skilley, £20; Riverton, £25, and Orroroo, £15 Gs. Kadina District. — A new Church has been opened during the year at Dalkey, in the Balaklava Circuit ; cost, £145 12s. 8d.; raised, £104 2s. 8d. A new schoolroom haa been built at Penang, in the Moonta Circuit; cost, £80 ; raised, £61. At Snowtown the Church property , has been sub Btantially enced and the Church renovated; coat, £80; raised, £50. Debts have been reduced ou the [2H0W'&, to'* estates :-Wallaroo Mines, £29; Wtllamulka, £22 9s; Moonta, £52 Moonta Mines. £25 ; Cross Roads, £30; Etat Moonta, £50 ; aad Sonth Balaklava, £10 Port Augusta Dietrict.— A new Church has been built at Bendleby, iu the Carrieton Circuit ; cost, £177 ; opened free of debt The Church at Port Augusta haa been considerably enlarged, and a lecture hall and three classrooms added, ren dering the building commodious and beautiful; cost, £1,405 17a.; towards which about £220 have been raised ; the debt has been increased £1.192 15s. 7d. The Church at Richir-an's Creek has been ceiled, plastered, and painted ; cost, £42 17s. 4d., and amount raised. At Crystal Brook Manse a supply of water has been laid on at a cost of about £30-; amount raised. Debts have been reduced as follows :— Crystal BrooE, £200, Church now free; Narridy, £36 12s.; Booleroo Centre, £40, Church now free; Quorn, £115; Rich man's Creek, £10 ; Baroota, £15 ; and Eurelia, £16 14s. The returns show that we have 124 Churches, affording sitting accommodation for over 18,000 persons, 22 ministers' residences, 11 cottages, and 17 EchoolroomB, being 1 Church, 2 manses, 3 cottages, and 1 schoolroom more than those reported last year, making ia all 136 trust estates. The following is the income for the year :— Balance from last year, £565 18s. 8d.; seat rents, £822 Is.; house and school reata, £697 7s. 9d.; towards new erections, £1,307 13s. 2cL; all other income, £3,853 2s. 64.; total income, £7,246 3s. Id. The expenditure is as follows:— To last year's balance, £190 18a. 2d.; interest on boi rowed money, £1,765 5a. 3d.; to the ministry, £366 12s. 5d.; new erections, improvements, and working expenses, £5,779 Os. Id.; and £1,019 7s. 6d. (being a little less than 4 per cent.) towards reduction of last year's liabilities ; total expenditure, £9,121 78\. 9d. The debt at the present time is £27,685 5s. 5d., being £1,879 4s. 2d. more than the aggregate debt cf last year.' feThe Rev. J. Thobne, in moving tbe adoption of the report, said it bore out his theory that they got on better in bad seasons than in good. In good seasons the people got very wicked ; they required adversity to take some of the old Adam out of them. (Laughter.) The Rev. T. E. Keen seconded. The Rev. T. McNeil considered the state ments in the report were in some cases incor rect. If some of the properties were sold they would not realize the Secretary's valua tion. The President and others considered the valuations were very fair approximately. The report was adopted, and a vote of thanks accorded the Secretary. The Rev. J. Thoene read the Trust Debts Relief Fund report. It showed — Receipts, £213 6s. 7d., including £98 9s. 5d. balance in Bank disbursements by loan to Port Augusta £200, leaving a credit balance of £13 6s. 7d. in hand. The loan account showed £1,580 lent, £920 repaid, and £640 still due by various Churches. The balance-sheet was adopted, and thanks accorded the Secretary (Rev. J. Thome). The business meeting then adjourned till this morning. Missionaby Meeting. In connection with the Bible Christian Conference the annual missionary meeting waa held in the Young- street Chapel on Monday afternoon. There was a fair atten dance, and Mr. J. Darling, M.P., presided. The Chairman expressed his pleasure at being with them, although he did not belong to their denomination. That, however, was not much, and amongst true believers it was getting less and less every day. At any rate he gloried in being called by their name ; he wished there was no other name amongst the different sections of the Christian Church. If for no other reason than that he belonged to another denomination he was glad to be there. The different sects knew too little of each other;, if they knew more and mixed together to a greater extent their influence on the world must be greater. They were passing through troublous times, but times . that were un piofitable to the world were sometimes profitable to the Church. Perhaps the de pression was upon them because they had failed to honour God as they should. The depression should have the effect of making them rely on their own effort backed up by the help of God to extend their work of winning souls. The Bible Christians were a missionary people. They did good work in the outlying districts. They Were right in attending to home first in this respect, and then going outside to help others to a know ledge of the good things they possessed. Ihe annual report was then read. The Rev. W. W. Finch, in moving the adoption of the report and thanks to the contributors, said the work having been started by the great head of the' Church was a noble one. It had entailed much labour, but on all sides there were evidences of the great good resulting from mission work. When he re membered the good men in their own de nomination who had inaugurated aud for many years laboured in the work he was proud to be associated with it. In thanking the contributors who had helped them ia the past, he believed, despite the commercial depression, that the mission would still be supported in the future if judiciously managed. He testified to the energy of the Secretary and said he deserved thanks. (Applause.) The Rev. G. H. Paynter, in seconding, referred co the progress of the mission work at Silverton. He was confident when he went there that success would attend the establishment of the denomina tion , and his hopes had been realized. Starting with eight adherents the numbers had gradually increased until 'now they had built a Church, and similar success had at tended the Sunday-schooL The drinking habits of the people stood much in tbe way of the more rapid progress. Throughout the field there were vo less than eight or nine hotels, while several bash shanties supplied ' cool drinks.' Another bar to their greater progress was the prevalence of the social evil. In addition, the population was some what migratory, and of coarse in a new district the work was attended with much discomfort. He had still no doubt that when the second minister reached the field they would be able to establish at least another Church in addition to several preaching stations on the silver-field aud in the sur roHnding townships. The Rev. W. F. James, in supporting, characterized the report as a very valuable one. Still there was a portion of the work that could never be written about. The Connexion had a great deal of the missionary spirit about it. It was conceived by the missionary spirit, and six years after its establishment it started Home Missions. With an income of £104 and a debt of £60, it sent out mis sionaries to a district embracing 4,000 miles, one going to Prince Edward's Island and another to West Canada. The denomina tion at home gradually increased, and in 1850 the late Rev. J. Way and the Rev. J. Rowe arrived in bcuth Australia. Soon afterwards Missions were established at the Burra, Bowden, Kapunda, Auburn, Water vale, and many other places. Now in Aus tralasia they had 222 Churches, 70 ministers, lO.OOOSunday scholars, 5,500 Church members, and 20,000 adherents. The report read that morning showed that in South Australia alone the Church property waa worth £37,676 more than the debt upon it amounted to ; this showed that they were in a thoroughly solvent position. Latterly a departure had been taken by the denomina tion in sending two missionaries to China. (Applause.) In addition to this a number of Cingalese had been educated at Shebbear College, and it was impossible to say what seed was there sown and what good done. He made a strong appeal on behalf of the Chinese mission, contending that in South Australia they were doing so well that by a little effort they could do something: for China. The report was adopted. After a collection had been taken a vote of thanks was accorded to the Chairman. The Evening Meeting. Tea and public meetings in aid of the Bible Christian Missionary Fund were held in the Young-Btreet Church in the evening. Both were well attended, and at the open gathering His Honor the Chief Justice (the Hon. S. J. Way) presided. The Chairman, who was received with applause, said it was a relief to turn from the story ot commercial disaster and forfeited confidence, of which every qae was talking, to take part in a demonstration where success was certain and failure im possible. He was never more delighted with the character of any report and the speeches than those he had heard that afternoon. He believed that the record of the Bible Christian cause throughout the colony thia year would be as memorable a one as when the first two missionaries of the Connexion arrived in the colony in 1850. He regretted that there were three missionary meetings in three different buildings that night. = He would have liked the Conference to have been able to go in a body to attend the meet ing of the London Missionary Society that night. They owed a great deal to the London Missionary Society, which, if it had done no more, had stimulated their interest in mission work. He farther regretted that they could not attend the Primitive Metho dist meeting; but the date of their meeting: was fixed twelve months asro, and could not be altered. He was pleased that the cause was not only advancing in South Aus tralia, but that the miasion spirit was so strong in Victoria that they had beep able to lend the New Zealand Church the gifted Mr. Orchard, fn Victoria they ? were carrying their missions to the Western Border, and he was pleased that the Con ference had decided not to abandon the South-East. (Applause.) The establish ment of the Silverton Mission was about the most important matter in the Bible Christian history of South Australia. It showed the true missionary spirit of their denomination. He botwd tbe time would come when they would be able to send out from the colony missionaries to ~ all parts of - the world ifter the ground at home had been broken up. When he read tne story told by Dean Russell' ia his ser mon on the Commercial Bank. - failure Df the Church of England clergymxn who would bet sell bis shares when he received Limely intimation because others who were Dot bo well informed aa himself would be deceived, he recognised that that gentleman was a man with whom they could tmst their children. His self-sacrifice was a noble one, but in keeping with it was the offer of Mr. Torr, who had agreed to give up one of the highest positions it was possible to hold under the Education Department, go home at ms own expense, take a degree, and then come out to take charge of Way College at a mere nominal salary. (Applause.) ThU was a noble deed, and would inspire in ? e2L3mdB the utmoBt confidence in the institution. Such an action would have ita influence on the boyB attending that College, and they, could confidently look forward .to men coming out of it who would emulate the deeds 01 their nrst missionaries aud be read? to take the gospel into Chiaa and the uttermost parts of the earth. (Applause ) He heped the current year would be the most Buccesaful the Bible Christian Mis sionary Society had ever experienced. (Ap plause.) The Rev. J. Collikgs moved— 'That we hereby record our gratitude to God for the many tokens of His pleasure -with -which the Society has been favoured during the past year; for the help afforded to His servants in time of trial ; for the measure of success with which He haa crowned their united labours ; and we earnestly pray that in the ensuing year all connected with . mission work may receive a larger baptism of the Holy Ghost, and be made more abundantly successful in leading men to Christ. He referred at length to the great extension of tbe Connexion in England daring the last few years, and said the result had been almost beyond the most sanguine hopes of those who bad inaugurated the movement which had established their denomination in all the centres of population in the old conntry. Foremost among the institutions that was achieving such a marked succes was Shebbear College. With such a brilliant example before them of the revival of the missionary spirit, they should not rest until a like work in proportion had been accomplished iq this colony. The Rev. S. Wellington (President of the Primitive Methodist Conference) in seconding expressed his pleasure at being able to convey to them the fraternal greeting of the Primitive Methodist District Meeting sitting at that time at Wellington-square. The Primitive Methodists, like themselves, were working in the common cause of humanity. The Primitive Methodist Connexion wished the Bible Christians godspeed in their work throughout the colony. The work was a philanthropic one. Its object was to lift the needy from the dunghill and ease the heavy heart. The Rev. J. Thobne in supporting said the interior of Australia required evangelizing quite as much as the interior of Africa. The motion was carried. A collection was then taken up, over £70 being contributed. A comprehensive vote of thanks closed the meeting. 