THK Detective's Dream By Waif Wander- <W. W ) It in years Binoe I dreamt that dream, yet scarcely a Christmas comes and goes that I do not man; times recall it. Perhaps it and the events which followed, made a deeper ini prrBHion on my memory because I was at the time barely recovering from the moBt serious illness I ever had in my life, and was un hinged both in body and mind. The doctors had insisted on change of air and eccne, and I had (jot leave from my superiors, hut where was I to go? The bustle and noise of a Bummer seaside haunt would have driven me wild, and I had not a single friend in the country that I could take the libprty of offering a visit to. One of the unexpected coincidences we so often meet with in life, and which good folk are fond of calling providential, solved the difljuulty for me, I met in the strddt Albert Peraberton, a young l'niversily rtudent I had accidentally been able to help in a not over re sectable mess he had pot into in one of our Town (lump, and his good-looking face beamed with pleasure as he recognised me. " Good heavens, how bad you look, Sin clair," he cried, " I only heard by the merest acciiicDt the other day that you had been seriously ill. I was just going to hunt you up-upon honor I was, to aek you to accom pany me home for the holidays." " Jlomc with you I" I said "why I am a perfect Btranger to your people. I could'nt have the cheek to quarter myself on them un invited, and what a chance there is of them inviting a detective to Werrimona!" " llow proud you are; but you're wrong, for I have an invitation for you in my pocket. I wrote asking leave to .take you up with me, telling them, you may be BUre, that I was greatly indebted to you, Sinclair, though I daren't enter into particulars, and there-you can read the paragraph if you like." " Mrs Pemberton is very kind, and I am very grateful,"I sail as I returned the letter " but you are going I ?> have a wedding in the family, and I am quiu unfit (or any testi fies." " Von need not even share them unless you wish. Evelyn's wedding is to be the quietest you can imagine, but you need not even see the ceremony unless you choose. I have settled it all in my own mind, old fellow, you shall have my room; it is a regular bachelor's den with an entrance of its own-you can eome and go without a soul being the wiser. Now you won't say no ?" I didn't say no, I went with my young friend to his home at Werrimona, and there I dreamed my dream. Werrimona was and is one ot tbe loveliest Bpots the sun of Victoria shines on. It iBB nest of verdure among the hills that slope in around it leaving broad openings here and there that the eye may wander to the blue moun tain pasks in the far distance, or rest on the shimmering} windings of Werrimona Creek. If the whole country bad been searched for a peaceful spot in whioh one might rest and en joy, with]e tbankfulpieart the beauties of God's given earth, pone fairer could be found than fair Werrimona. Mrs Pemberton had been long a widow, and was a sweet-faoed, motherly woman, who set me at my eaBe in a few friendly words ; to Evelyn Pemberton, her only daughter and the soon-to-be bride, I must devote a few more words. I never understood the girl from the first, though sad after events taught me an explana tion of tnaah that had puzzled me. She was very beautiful, no one ooald look in her lace ana not acknowledge that, she was twenty one, tall, and alenderly built, but of admirable womanly proportions, and she had the moBt perfeot, though slightly peculiar, taste in dress. Her hair ana eyes seemed of almost the eapie hues-brown with gleams of gold in them. The former was abundant, soft and wavy, the latter large, heavy lidded, and fringed with deep lashes that made a noticeable feature in her face. Her mouth was, I think, the sweetest I ever saw, and in her rare smiles the rish lips afforded a glimpse of teeth regular and white as rows of pearls. Yes, Evelyn was beautiful in spite of the almoBt total absence of color in her face. Her complexion was of a delicate creamy hue, and only in rare moments of exoitement a pale rose tint appeared for an inBtant in her soft cheeks. The very first time Evelyn Pember ton's eyes rested on mine in a deep, and al most eolemn gaze, I felt a etrange thrill through my whole being-a thrill that had something of a shudder in it, though the warm summer sun was beaming down on my bare head as I bowed before her. It was not until after I had seen her that I felt intcreBt enough to question Albert as to whom Bhe was about to marry. He had been initiating me into the comforts and peculiari ties his den, which ho had, as he promised, resigned to me, and a little fatigued with the journey, I seated myself in a cbair near the window to enjoy tbe wild view of hill and dale it afforded while we indulged in a smoke. " Well?" he asked, " what do you think of th e mater and Evelyn ?" " I think you are a happy fellow to have such a mother," I replied, " and that you ought to try and lead a life worthy of her." " Don't hit so hard old fellow I" he said with a becoming flush rising to his brown cheek," I'll try hard for the future." " My dear Pemberton, I assure you I only spoke in general terms-1 bad no intention of recurring-" " No," he interrupted, " I am sure you hadn't, but a bad conscience you know. 13ut you haven't told me what you think of my sister yet." " She is vory beautiful-very, may I ask who it is she is going to marry, Albert ?" " I should think you may; why you'll meet him at dinner to-night-that iB if you don't prefer dining here-I promised you perfect liberty you know." " ThankB, but I must not be too exacting or selfish. I must make the acquaintance of Miss Pemberton's intended at all events, I have gathored that he is a neighbour ?" "Yes, his .station is only two miles away, and he is one of the nicest young fellows in the world. If there is any fault to be found with him it is hiB youth, he is the same age as Evelyn-but that you know, will mend. She is a lucky girl to hook such a husband as KingBley-Charley is amiable and wealthy." " And iB devoted of course?" " Oh, of course, that goes without saying but I don't mind|telling you, Sinolair, that he's fai easier satisfied than I should be in bis plaoe." "AB how?" " Because Evelyn is so cold-if I was going to be married to a girl I'd expeot her to seem happy at all eventB." " And don't you think your sister is happy ?" " She says she is, Bui, ob heavens, Sinclair what's the use ol trying to understand women ?" added the nineteen year old cynic, " I don't suppose they're ever of the same mind two months together." " I hope you have no reason to include MiBB I'emberton in that sweeping acousation," I said. " I have then," waB the short answer, and the young fellow bent his brows gloomily and pulled hard at his cigar ere he spoke ag ain. " I know that you're a safe card to talk to, Sinclair, I can trust you to hold your tongue if I say to you what I wouldn't to another. You see the mater and Evelyn look upon me as a boy, and I'm out of the running in family consultations, but I spoke up about Ned Cor wyn before things had gone too far, and I got snubbed for it." " Nod Corwyn ? " "Oil, you don't know him, lio'a another neighbour, a school-mate of mine, Bnd of Evelyn'b too, for that inattor. though he is yoars older than either of us. Well, if ever a gill was spooney on a tellow Evelyn was on him, and by Jove it wan mutual, he wor shippaa the around she walked on." " b ho dead ? " I asked, thinking I had found a solution ot the mysterious Badness in Kvelyn I'emberton'aeyee. .. Dead? not he ! the poor fellow 0 taken it tike a eheep, and 10 the mater'* right band man. You Bee him at dinner to-nighty too." . Am 1 to understand thai your sister was engaged to this Mr. Corwjn, aod that it was broken off in lavour of Mr. Kingsley 7 " That's how I take it, but as a matter of fact I know nothim: positively. I tell you 1 am only th<; boy in this establishment, and am not trusted with the family secrets. I know that I used to chad Ned about being my brother, and be liked it,'and all at once it was as much as roy life was worth to venture a hint at such a n?." I felt rather curious to see these young men who were to meet on ftiendly terms under suoh peculiar circumstancee. The low sun was shining in the drawing-room window at orrimona when Mrs. Pemberton introduced me to them, and my first idea in connection with either was that I was disappointed in Kingfley as a husband for the queenly Kvelvn. He was simply a fair haired and empty-headed boy full of chatter and vanity, good tempered, doubtless, and proud of his beautiful M»>?<;? but no more suited as guide, guardian, and companion to suoh a woman than a school boy ol twelve. Kdward Corwyn was a totally different stamp ot man. I daresay be was twenty seven. He was tall and strongly built, yet Gentlemanly-nay, distinguished looking, i have seen such a man in a cava ry regiment, with a sword in his hand, and the air of one born to do great deeds. What could be the secret influooce that forced Kvelyn Pemb«r ton to discard such a man for a common place boy such as Charlie KingBloy « And yet when I had engaged in conversa tion with him, and been some time in hifl com pany, I began to think that the grave gentle ness of Kdward Corwyn might hide a terrible will and fierco passions. Not that be revealed this in words, but I onoe nr twice Baw a flash in his eyes, ae they turned towards Miss Pemberton, that haunted me. In bis imme diate attention!" to her he wbb only the smiling and attentive old Bohool-fellow, and he treated Kingsley as a man would a favoured brother, lightly and half mockingly : it was only when he momentarilly forgot hie rale that I saw the dark grey eyes Hash with an ominous ^'i'watched Evelyn cloaely, but saw nothing to enide me as to her feelings in the dignibed oalm of her beautiful face. She accepted the attentions ot het intended in a queenly way tbat seemed natural to ber. Her grand eyes were turned on him, onCorwyn, or on myself with the same quiet smile. Kbe was like a beautiful piece of mechanism wound up to play a certain part, in which it was impossible she should tail. , , , Once or twioe I saw the mother aeya glance anxiously towards ber, and onoe I saw that Evelyn'* eyse met tboee of her mother, and an swered the anxiety in them with a smile. It was a tame evening altogether, in spite of the yonng people's mnBic, and I was glad when I got baok to Albert's room, and was onoe more seated by the open window look ing out at the moonlight lying in patches on the mountains, and silvering the nearest foliage with gleams among the ahadee. I was contrasting the solemn quiet of this night scene at Werrimona with the glaring gas and noisy streets of Melbourne at that bonr, when the door opened and my young friend Albert entered. " I guessed you would not b,e sleepy Sin clair," be eaid as he dropped into a obair op posite me, "this is an early hour for fel lows UBed to town life. I won t be in theway, eh?" .. Not at all," I replied On the contrary, I am glad of yonr companionship. ThiB " and I pointed to the gloomy sbadowB among the silent hills " is depressing to me-it is like a land of ghosts." . " Aye, after town it it quiet. But, Sinclair, I've got news for you-our wedding is to eome off sooner than we expeoted." II Sooner ? " . 11 Yes, you know it was settled for the 2!ith, but it seems that Charlie hae business press ing in Sydney, and lie's ooued iha mater to let tbe marriage take plaoe on Christmas " And your sister has consented 1" " It seems so. 1 didn't know it until to-night, but it seems everything has been put forward. By Jove its a good job I brought my war-paint up with me alter all 1" " You are to be best man, of course 9 " . " Yes, and Miss JSmerson is to be brides maid. It's not Ghatlie'e fault that it'e to be such a quiet affair-be, poor fellow, would willingly bave spent no end ol money on it, but its one of Evelyn's fads tbat she's to be married like-like a machine girl, by Jove! " I heard a good deal about the arrangements before Albert left me, and I sat there thinking over them and enjoying the quiet long after the household had retired. The rustling of the lonely branches on the darkening hill-side had a weird attraction for my unaccustomed ears-tbe voiceless air breathing on my taoe seemed to bring new life into my veins, yet withal even my hardened soul felt, as I bad told Albert, a solemn depression that was half fear in tbe lonely night scene among the Wer rimona Hills. I had risen, and was about to clost the win dow, when I Baw a woman's form gliding among the busbes a little distance from the ; back of the house where my room was, and I naturally stood still to watch. I bud no light, I for I had put out the lamp on my first en trance, so as to enjoy tbe full beauty ot the calm moonlight. The woman did not go far, she stopped under a tree a little way up the side of the bill, and was quickly joined by a man. The latter was tall, that was all I could be certain of, though my eyee were keen from yearn of detective duty, but the woman I had a nearer view of before she disap peared. 3 . Tbe interview was a short one, and tne female hastened baok towards the house. Once she turned to look back and satisfy herself that her oompanion bad gone- it was as Bhe turned again and moved that her faoe and figure crossed a ray of moonlight and I saw 1 them both. It was a short, active girl of twenty-three or four, apparently one of the maids, and disgusted with myself tor watch ing a servant's interview with some rustic lover, I closed the window and went tobed. 1 slept well and was out in the garden he fore any of the family had made their appear | ance. Shortly alter, however, I waB joined in my stroll by Mrs. Pemberton, who in her tasteful morning dress of pale bine looked young enough and bappy enough to have beep tbe prospective bride herself. She was evi dently in a happy mood, and soon the conver sation drifted to tbe subject that was doubtless nearest to her heart that Bummer morning. " You bave heard of our change of plan, dear Mr. Sinolair, has soon as I am to lose my Evelyn?" , ,, " Yes, Mrs. Pemberton, Albert tuld me last night. Fortunately it won't be for long. I understand tbat Mr. Kingsley's plaoe ib only a couple of miles away." " Yes indeed, it is most fortunate for me. And to be the mistress of suoh a house ae Kingsland in a position that any mother might be proud to see her child fill." i " Miss Pemberton would adorn the highesti position, my dear madam." " '1'bBnk you, and Ido not think I need fear your words are intended as llattory. Evelyn is a beautiful woman and a devoted daugli '°Tlie poor mother's voioe broke as she uttered the last low words, but she recovered herself and went on. " I do not mind saying to you, who are suoh a \Blued triend of my boy's, that Evelyn's choice has relieved my mind of a great weight. Thero was a time when I feared tbat early associations might havo biassed bor affections in a loss favorable direction, and it isj a great relief to me tbat it has not proved to ba so. A widow left with but a poor provision (or her children has a great responsibility to oontend with; but, thank hcavon, ray troubles are nearly over, Kingsley is nut only a wealthy young man, but the BOUI of generosity I'' Her troubles nearly'over I many and many a time after did those words of the unhappy mother recur to my memory. It was the twenty Becondof Deoember, only one day intervened between us and Evelyn Pemberton's wedding morn. At breakfast that morning there was only the quartette, Mrs. Pembertan, Evelyn, Albert and myself; but both young Kingsley and Corwyn put in an early appearance, and plans were formed to visit Kingsland and inspect the improve ments the young fellow hud effected in honor of his bride. 1 excused myself from being of the party on tbej*c3re of ray recent illness, and when I had seen them off I strolled up the bill at the baok (the same which faced the window of my room,) and throwing myself on the warm grass under a tree, prepared to enjoy eidnh r/nr iiimtr which a hard- worked I). must of ail men appreciate. I was wondering if Evelyn Pemberton had been influenced by her mother to discard Edward [Corwyn for that shallow-patedlad Kingsley, when I happened to sec, shining amongst the grasajnear the elbow on which I was leaning, a etud set in onyx. Illy eyee are, as I said before, professionally sharp, and I recognised it at onoc as one of a set worn by Corwyn on the previous evennig. All at once it flashed upon me that I was under the very tree where I had witneeaed the moonlight meeting, and that Corwyn's must have been' the tall male figure that had formed one at the appointment. Who could have been bis companion, and for what purpuse had a midnight interview taken place ? If for a moment I doubted the honor of Miss Pemberton and believed it pos sible that she had aocorded a clandestine meeting to her discarded lover, I remembered in the next that the woman I had seen return to the bouso was ehort of figure and vulgar of face and could not possibly have been her. I was going to put the Btud in my pocket deter mined to Bay nothing about it, but let my discovery concerning it be the result of obance, when I saw the very girl who had had the midnight appointment coming from the house in the direction of the bill. An idea that Corwyn might have managed an opportunity to inform the girl of bis loss made me drop the etud in the grass again and rise from the spot before she saw me. I did not go far-I only dropped on the graas behind a shady oluster of young she-oaks and watched the girl. There was no douht of it-3he was search ing for something, and at last found what ahe eought, and went baok to her housework with a light step and, as she; fancied, unobserved My knowledge now of the fact that Corwyn was capable of a low intrigne with the servant of the woman he had once loved damned him at onoe in my estimation. The man that could do bo was a low villain no matter how noble or gentlemanly the appearance with which he deceived a shallow world; when some hours after be eat opposite to me at dinner, with the unbroken set of onyx studs on his person, it would not have been prudent for me to have expressed alond my sentiments in connection with him. The following day-the twenty-third-I had almost entirely to myself. The prospective bridegroom had been forbidden to pot in an appearanoe again at Werrimona until the marriage eeremony had been performed. Evelyn herself was, of course, invisible, and Mrs. Pemberton full of business in preparing for the wedding breakfast and supervising hospitalities. I rambled about the bills most of the day, with Albert's gun in mypoBsassion, though I was not guilty of muoh bloodshed in coneequenoe of carrying it, and I shared a scramble dinner with Pemberton and his mother as evening fell. Mrs. Pemberton was in high spirits, and so naturally was my friend Albert. " I'm; dead tired I" the latter cried and I'll have to turn in early if I'm to face the ter rible oeremony to-morrow morning in my best bib and tuokerl" " We'll all have to torn in, as yon oall it, early ; there is plenty to be done in the morning, and we must be up betimes." " I wonder what Evelyn means to allow me for tbiilot? By Jove abe has fine times of it. hiding away in her own room while wo are slaving to death 1 Whatever is she doing, mater?" " My dear, a young lady on theieve of her marriage has many things to do. She has to Eack for her trip to Sydney, and to arrange er wardrobe generally. And you know Evelyn has no maid, but Milly Werner has been helping her all day." Milly Werner? was that the young dame that met Corwyn at midnight on the hill? if eo, a pretty treacher ous maid bad Evelyn Pemberton ; or, after, all, was it a faithful confidant ? I felt very unlike sleep that night, and knowing, the result of tumbling and tossing about on a sleepless bed for hours was likely to be, I determined not to go to bed at all until I bad worn myself but sitting op. It was about eleven o'clock when I came to this conclusion, and all the house was in the most perfeot stillness. I had taken a book in which I was interested into the drawing room early in the day, and the idea that I should like to finish it took possession of me. Believing that every soul in the houBe had retired, I took up my lamp, and making as little noise as I oould, sought the drawing-room. The door was ajar, and the room in dark ness, save near the windows, through wbiah a flood of moonlight was falling. I had taken possession of my book and was retreating, be fore I noticed a female figure etanding in a window-reeess with one of the drooping lace curtains caught and held back in her hand. At the first glance I knew it was Evelyn, there was no mistaking that graceful yet majestio form. She must have heard my movements even at the moment I saw her, for she turned her face towards me quickly with a frightened air. Never can I forget that beautiful faoe with the whiteness of death on it, and almost the shadows of death beneath the heavy eyes. Let me try and describe her as I saw her then, before the terrible after events made a horror of the memory. She wore a half-fitting wrapper of white oashmere, with a heavy silken cord and tassels tied round her slender waist and in loops at her left side. Her golden brown hair was gathered baok in wavy and glossy masBes, and fastened with a large comb behind, beneath wbioh loope and long tresBes fell down carelessly on her shoulders. Her small slender foot, ae it pseped from nnder the cashmere skirt, Bhowed a white silken stocking and Bhoe of blaok satin; and th^t was all-there was not a bit of laoe at her fair neok or wrists, or a ring of gold on the perfeot fingers. " I beg your pardon, Miss Pemberton," I apologised, " I am afraid 1 have startled yon, Indeed I should not have ventured from my room if I had not believed every soul in the house abed, I came for this book." " Do not apologise," Bhe replied gently, " I have no business here indeed, and mamma would be very angry if she knew, but I wanted a-a last look." "Oh no, Miss Pemberton; though yon leave home to-morrow it is only for so short a time that you will not misu it out of your life at Werrimona." " I do not know"-she returned as she Bhook her head sadly, " 1 feel a presentiment that when I leave my mother's homu it will be never to return to it again," " You are nervoue, my dear Miss Pemberton, and unsettled, when the sun eliincs on your wedding morning you will forget all tbiB de pression. " " I hope so." Somehow I felt like lingering, though I waB quite aware that good taste would have dedi cated my immediate retirement; but I bad some excuse while those grand eyes lingered on me with a sad solemnity that stirred me to the BOUI. Impulsively 1 advanced towards her and put some of my fcelingB into wordB. " MiBB l'emberton, do not be angry with me, I ask you io trust me a litih. I 'sol as li there ] | m something troubling you greatly-ia then I anything in the whole world I can do (or [yon?" " There is no one without trouble, not even I a young girl like me," she answered steadily, " but my trouble, if I have one, 1b one o( my own making, and no one ean help me. Thank you all the same, dear Ur. Sinclair, aome day perhaps " " Some <lay?" I repeated as she paused. " I hardly know what I wag going to ex press. Ever since I looked first into jour face I have felt as if there was some strange, solemn tie between us, as if one day my life, my honor or my good name would lie in your hands A queer feeling, is it not7 but I was alway a strange, dreamy girl, and never thonRht t wonld be a long liver." "<jjd forbid that there Bbould be any foundation for such fears 1" I cried earnestly " bet if ever you plaoe a '.rust in my bands I will redeem it faithfully or (lie I" " Ttaank you truly. And now let it be farewell-I shall not have a moment to speak to you again." She put her band in mine as I murmured < a " (rod bless and make yon happy," and she left there while ehe repeated the " Farewell," that rang in my ears for many a long day after; and so I went baek to my ohamber leaving her, etUI by the window, with the moonlight streaming on her pale face and white-robed figure. My. book was after all of no value on that night-the last that should fall on peaoeful Werrimona with a shadow of oontent. It was far on in the small hoursere I undressed, and then it was to lie and wonder at the sorrow of the beautiful daughter of the house, the bride of to-morrow. I slept heavily at last, to be aroused by someone tryiDg the handle of my door as if to gain entrance without knocking. Seeing that the sun was Bhining brightly, I bounded from my bed, threw on some garments and unlocked the door- the first glanoe of Mrs. Femberton's white, frightened face was enough to ehow m« that something had happened. "Oh, for the lote ol God, come and help me Ur. Sinolair I" she whispered tremblingly, " Evelyn has gone : oh tell me, tell me wnat I am to do I" " Gone; what do you mean ?" "Let me in, I don't want to let anyone know-yet, I went to her room early, so M to get Evelyn up sod ready in time, and I found that her bed had never been slept in 1 1 have searched in the house and garden-every where I but I cannot find her; oh God 1 what shall I do ?" "Has she taken anything with her? made any preparations (or a journey I mean?" " Not that I oan a be-her wraps at all events are in her wardrobe." " Let us go to the room, and be as oalm as yon can my dear lady-if Miss Pemberton is lost we will And her, be assured." The poor woman led me almost blindly to the ohamber o( the lost bride, tears of tenor and agony rolling over her blanched cheeks. It was a new experience to me, and a pitiful one, this entrance to a girl's ohamber where all preparations had been made for her happy bridal morn. . There were two beds in the apartment, and both were hung in pure white laoe looped with pale bine silk. On the snowy oounter pane ol one of these the bridal garments were spread daintily-a trailing robe o( white eilk almost oovered with rich laoe, the bridal wreath, the bridal veil. All the little acces sories to a perfect toilet lay in order, the silken hose, the white satin boots, the long white gloves, the golden and jewelled bouqoet holder that had been a gilt from the bride groom. The ghostly attire had, ander the eiroumstanoes, a weird look-it was u ill dead bride bad slipped from her wedding gar ments and left them to lie there in her form. I saw the mother's handB clasped in pitiful woe as she gianoed at them, while I made my own observations on the state of things. It was as poor Mrs. Pemberton bad aaid, not an artiole of outdoor attire was mining from Evelyn's wardrobe, and the bed was smooth and ondistorhed from the hands of the chambermaid. From what I saw I came to the oowdneion that Evelyn had not visited her room after my meeting with her the previous night-1 was almost certain of this, seeing that her little watch hung on its etand upon her dainty toilet, and that it had stopped at twelve o'clock-if the girl bad returned after that bour ehe wonld have wound it. Isaidnotbingofthemeetinglhadhadintbe drawing-room, hut I aeked the mother if she had any reason to suppose that Hiss Pember ton did not intend to fulfil her engagement to Ur. Kingsley ? " Oh no 1" she cried I" on the contrary, she gave me her sacred word last night ere I left her here that she would not tail 1" " Was a eacred promise necessary then!' I asked sharply, "has it been necessary to re mind your daughter of a vow on the eve o( an unwelcome alliance? Mrs. Pemberton, Sou know I em a detective, if you wish me to elp you in this matter it iB neaeesary for you to put entire confidence in me-to tell me the whole truth." "There is nothing to tell I" she almost ehrieked " my child I my child I" I began to feel angry with the woman, who it seemed to me must haev coerced her daugh ter into a wealthy engagement; I felt less inolined to spare her, and related what had passed between Evelyn and myeelf. " There was Bome weight on her heart," I said, "and some terrible presentiment oppres sing her-oan you explain it Mrs. Pemberton?" ..No!" she cried wildly,"! oan explain nothing, only that my child has left me for ever I my Evelyn I my Evelyn I" Her shrieks had aroused the household, and Albert was in the room with the servant Mill? Werner. I glanced into thegirl'e face sharply and saw that she quailed under my eye. I drew her aside while Albert beard the sad truth from his distraoted mother, and ques tioned her. " Were you aware that MisB Pemberton had left the house?" " Me sir 1 how should I know of such a thing? I am not even Miss Pemberton's maid ?" " You have not answered my question-did you know that Miss Pemberton had left the* bouse, it had any intention of leaving it last night 7" "No!" ehe answered brazenly" I know nothing about it I" " I might find a way to refresh your memory," I said sharply. " Have you been carrying any messages between Mr. Corwyn and your yonng mistress lately ?" " No, I havn't "shecried as her lice burned crimson. " Your communications wilh that gentle man were entirely onyour own aocount thenj*' She grew pale as suddenly as she had flushed, but answered alter a moment's hesitation, " YeB, entirely on my own aeoount I" " Take care-I may make you prove that before you are many hours older." I heard some ejaculation like 11 impidenoe I" as I turned and took Albert from the room, leaving the hysterical mother in the hands of the servants. Together the anxious young fellow and 2 searched everywhere in hope of discovering any traoes of bis sister. There was no use in trying to hide from the household what had happened in the faoe of Mrs. Pemberton'e outcries, and every servant save Milly Werner was helping in a search that proved to be vain. When I saw how useless it was, it was nearly nine o'clock. " We may deaide that^ there will be no wedding today. I'm afraid Albert "I eaid, while we partook of a haBty meal. " It will be better for you to ride of er (or Kingsley, and send messengers to all the invited goestB that the wedding is postponed-your mother's sudden illness will be a Bullioient excuse." " Sinolair " he returned, looking at me with a great eerioUBness in hie young face," this matter will be the ruin of poor Evelyn-do you think it possible that she has run away with Corwyn?" " I don't think itat all likely, since ehe has gone apparently in her wrappor and slippers, but I am going over to ask him the ijuestion i now." ..To-J "I Ml self-you seem to have forgotten that rua a detective, Pemberton, who could more fittingly inquire into such a businees ?" 11 Ob, heavens, th&t; you should speak so I what awful thing do you euspect that you ; should reour to your profession now?" <. Be a man Pemberton. Remember how much is on your shoulders at thia moment, sinoe you are the representative of a helpletH , mother. Oo, and do as I said-I will aee you on my return." I went to the stables, and after having sad I died a horae for myself, rode on my errand to i the house of Edward Corwjn. | I knew where to go, for the chimneys of bis ' farmhouse were visible from some of the win I dows at Werrimoon, and had been pointed oul I to me. I roderapidly, and eoon reached the j snug-looking homestead amoagfit the trees that was called Corwyndale. It looked like I the house of a thriving man, but had around I it none of the elegancies of wealth. It was i plain, shingled verandah I rode up to, and th< door, without knocker or bell, stood widi open to the morning sun. I knooked loudly with m; whip, and soon I comfortable-looking dame, who looked like an npper servant made her appearance. In reply to my wiBh to Bee her master, she told me be was dressing tor MisB Pcmberton'e wedding, but on my sending a message that my busi ne*B was urgent, i w»s shown into an nnpre tending parlor, where in a few moments 1 was joined by Edward Corwyn. He wai most perfeotly dressed, with the exception ol the glossy lrook ooathe carried in b>B hand and no man could deny that a finer looking follow it would be hard to produce in an] laud. " Mr. Sinclair 1" he oried in surprise, as hi extended his hand, " you are not the lesi welcome, that I was far from expecting you, I pray you to excuse my incomplete toilet the wedding you know; but, had it not been for a lost stud ,1 believe I should have beer hall way to Werrimona by this.'1 A. lost stud 1 I looked at the broad, glossy immaoulate shirt, and saw indeed that then was one stud mining, and from the same ony: sat too I I did not take the band which be donbtlesi fanoied I did not aee, and be went on ami lingly, .. I'm not rich enough to have a second est Binolair, and I'm very unluoky with this one Only yesterday I recovered one ot the studi I bad lost the previous day, and now it isgoni again-something is the matter with thi catch. Well, lira. Kingsley, that is to be will not observe its absence." " No," I repeated " ehe will not observe iti Bbsenoe." Something in my tone perhaps, or. in mj eyes that were steadily fixed upon him, seemed to aSeot him-he grew pale down to the veq lips nnder bis military looking mouataohe. "You look strange, Mr. Sinclair," be said .. is anything wrong?" " I came to aikjyou that question. Mr, Cor wyn. Miss Pemoerton has di«ippe»red troop Werrimona, and notraoeof uerean be dii oovered. Can foti tell mo whore she is J" " I ? do you mean to ineait me sir? Wh* should/know of Miss fembcrtin'* dissp, pearanoe?" " I understand that at one timsyfiu wonli have been the most likely of all persons t( know ot Miss Pemberton'smovements." " Aye, at one" time 1 he said with bitter em phasis, "the time when Evelyn Pemberton wai my betrothed wife, and bad not been temptei byawMk mother, and another man's gold But that time has passed, air, 'and, tbavk Go I have forgotten it I" He did not look ae it he bad forgotten ij standing there with hie hands olenohed and h i eyes biasing-he did not look ae if be wouli ever forget it ahould his term of lite extend I hundred years I .. I don't know who has been kitad enoogk to tell yon ot my tolly 1" he went on, " bat he has not told it well, or yon would battel have judged the man you come to aak tor tid> ings of Hiss Pemberton. Edward Oorwyn ii not the weak minded tool to be onoe oil' oarded and lured back to hie allegianoe jby i aoft look. It there was not another woman in the whole, world and Evelyn Pemberton knelt to me to make her my wile I would spurn her as I do that hound 1" It fis impossible to doubt the man's feel ings as he stood there, his dark handsome f#o< distorted with terrible passion. As he spumei with his foot the dog that had oomeinto thi room with a morning weloome for his mutei in hts faithful eyes, the passion of a fiend wai olenohed in Corwyn'a hands and flashing red in his awful gaze. . I turned towards, the door, but he plaoed himself before me and spoke in a meaoinf tone. " Stop, it you please. 11 may surely expeo to be told by what right you take upon .your self the right to searoh tor Uiss Evdyn Pent' berton ? Are you. then, without my being aware of it, vome olose oonneotion of .thi tamily ? Purely you will tavonr me with -i little information on the, to 'me, at present dubious point? " II My name is Mark Sinclair," Isaid, as I looked him steadily in the face, "ani I am Senior Detective in the Metropolitan Force ol Detectives. Is there any other in formation you would like me to supply yoi with ?" Hfe fftoe grew pale as I answered him, but he laughed mockingly and-bowed. .. I was not aware tbat I had a visitor el such importance. Atl rrnu'r.Hr. Sinclair, As soon as I can change my dress I will rid< over to Werrimona and see it I can be tat any service to Mrs. Pemberton." As folly convinced that Oorwy n knew some thing ot the girl's disappearance as that I breathed. I returned to Werrimona. j I was at a loss what to do, as therejwae not a magis, trate within many miles, and I could prove nothing against Corwyn that would excuse my arresting him without a warrant. One thing I could however do-I oould try to frighten Milly Werner into a confession of oomplicity sinoe I had myself seen her in con sultation with the man I suspeoted. One may imagine the state of the house* hold on my return. Mrs. Pemberton bad broken down utterly, and a medical man had been sent for. Toung Kingeley had arrived, and was roaming about the house , in a belp lesB, limp way, looking, I suppose, for his lost bride in corners that bad been searohed a dozen times before. The men who hBd been despatched to make enquiries in the neigh bourhood had returned with young Pember ton, and ao disoovery had been made. My first inquiry was for the girl Werner she was in her own room. I walked straight to it when it bad been pointed out to me lt was a little attic chamber-and knooked eharply at the door. There was soms shut fling inside, and (hen the girl opened the door. I pushed her back, went in, and looked the door behind me. At first ehe attempted a little shrieking, but she had not time to indulge in much ere I had my handcuffs clasped on ber wrists. It is iwondertul what an etfeot the touch ot that kind of cold steel has on a coward, she waB instantly silent, though with her white lipe in" a determined rigidity over her Bet sharp .teeth. .. Now." I said, " will you tell me what you and Oorwyn have done with Miss l'ember t°" No I won't I " she hissed, " who ate you to dare?" .... j , 11 Oh there is no daring about it my dear I I am simply a detective in pursuit of my duty. You won't tell me, eh ? it isn't you ran't then ? " .. It'«I can't I I know nothing about it I how oan I tell you what I don't know ? Take off these things I take them off I say, or I'll screeoh and alarm the house ? " 11 Screech away my beauty-I've a gag about mc somewhere. Oh I you were pack ing up when I interrupted you, eh ? you were going to make a bolt of it were you ? " I was going to leave-yea, I told Mrs. Pemberton I WEB. and why shouldn't I if I ilike?" II Beoause J don't liko my dear. Isow, arc JOU goint? i . tell me whi c Mix# ?jembarton ie ? " \ 111 don't k: iv,'! I i]acl. tv lo . a I don't know I" " N'ot where sho i> 10 > perhaps, but you OBD tell a good bit that v>>'l help us to find ber. Wbat b«d Corvjn to s y to jou that night you met him 02 tbi hill, and wbat did he give when you returned him the Mud be had lost ? Come now, it will be better for you to make a clean bread of it." " I won't 1 ere that now I you may kill me and 1 v on'i I Sinoe yi u know eo much, go and auk Mr. Corwyn bimstll-you'll know nothing from me I " " Very well, until jou change your mind you will remain a prisoner in this room. It you have not come lo your Henseu hv U -'uor row morning I'll oan Jou in to Werrimona look-up." While I had been spiking I had been ex amining the little window-it waa impodaiblo to escape from it. I .took the buy out of the door and ehe made a rush to try and escape an I opened it. " Let me bear one bil of noise and I'll gag you," I said aslpuahedberback. " I'll biing you eome prison rationalow&rds; evening, and if you have come to your aeneea I'll hear what you have to nay." But ehe Baid nothing. Wnen I returned at night 8be was sitting on her bed witb a BUI len/determined look onber dark lux, and would not even reply to ue when I uddteaeed her." " You have been well bribed ray lady," 1 thought," but the sight >! the policemen I'll give you in charge to tomorrow will maybe loosen your tongue." I was wearied out, bod) and mind, ana was ailetp almoit as goon as . was in bed, and i must have dreimed almos ait Boon aa I slept. It eeemed to me tbat I Kvelyn again, ae I taw her on the previous ni;bt, in ber trailing white drees; but the hair amung which the moonbeams bad rested «u banging down almost to her waist, tanglii and diBbovel ed. In the great eyes, too, ther> seemed an awful glassy etare, and the whte band* eeemed stretched out entreatingly awards me I I (truggled myself awakeas if from a night mare, and tor a second of tine after I opened my eyes I eeemed to see tb' shadowy outline ot a form between me and be window. I sat op in bed to satisfy myaet that there was nothing bnt space where I iad imagined that shape. " I shall have a relapseifc:y brain does not get a nit," I thought, as ircsolutely turned my faae'to the wall and ihu-.ny eyes. Jnst then I heard the cloak i> ibe ball strike twelve-it was Christmas nurring, almost the same boar in which last rvht Kwlyn had said to me her last" Farewell ' In a few momentB I slept 4i.in and again | I dreamed, bnt (his time my n 'am had some man fMtjlMfl mnA 9.1 nunli^H tflVlA. 1 BAB new features, and was peculiarly vivid. 1 saw | Evelyn gazing at me reproaoH illy, and I re called my promise as thougi<%e had then re peated It with bar shadowy l£. " ill ever you place a trust in me I frill rede n itj faithfnlly or die; " that was my promise -hag she oome to claim it 7 ' - In my dream I gazed at the isty form and met the awful and glassy eyei Sbe seemed to stand near a window as sh tiad'done last night in the drawing-room, bt this window was smaller, had broken pans and tangled ioliage wkving long sprays outide it, Inride, too, the woodwork looked old ed broken and out ot the perpendioular, and (be floor npon which she seemed to stand wis broken and disoolored. This time when I awoke ii a ghodder I bounded from my bed and dreaedBnyself-1 could no more have lain still ifter that re peated dream than if I bad sen Kvelyn in . the flesh and ahe bad sailed metoavenge her. That she had met with foot pi* 1 wax con vinced, and I went softly tc abort's room and awoke him-it was not hoi to do, he started up tearing some fresh treble awaiting him, " Albert ?" I asked," u there, toy where in this neighborhood an old, uninhi&ed; house, with broken windows and wid oreeping plants growing around tbem " Yes, Colonel Hussey's old htise," be answered," why do you ask 1" " How far is It from this ?'' " Under a mile.*' " Get up and drees yourself my' triad, you ! and I must go to that old house ] wiiin the , hour,") and as be was dressing I told he poor ' fellow of my dream and all I Ica'd that Corwyn bad done. t "Ton must be brave to meet Itlmrowt, lad," I said,11 it would kill your mith' to tell ber the truth it ft is as bid as I fesir." We had provided ourselves with andles and matches, and easily made our' W into the fast deoaying timber house. I we nit iraight toward the room that had the broke* i.nes the whitetaced trembling youth f ol'ojwig me olosely. A single look at the wincPV lowed me the counterpart of what I had <x dream, only that there was not < shadow of lost Evelyn to reminds £romise. Holding a candle in S> toked round the room, and then broken floor for traoes ot ieet or»t prove my tears not unfounded. 1 it, tbem; on the very spot where I.e]'n had seemed to stand Oorwyn's for the p-<md time lost stnd was lying, and there pert f'>ots of blood where it lay I Without a single hope now we ses faed the house vainly, until I discovered bom loose boards in the flooring of a small bat' apart ment in which the roof bad given «»y Mid partially fallen in ; the boards were lited, and there lay the form ot Evelyn Pembertn, with some folds ot her stained robe oovefing her .dead face ! When the first burst of he poor botber'e horrified sorrow was past te lifted the fair form, carried it into the be4 of the rooms, and laid it decently on a trfe that happened to be there. We oould do f> more until we prooured means and assistwoe. We were returning in awful silence, Wing tbe victim of revenge alone in the ruind house behind us, when the loud neighing o(6 horse in tbe bush not far away attracted ml'atten tion. It was a strange neigh, half s|ueal, as it the animal was in pain, ancl we tuiped oar horses in the direction of the sound. Vefound a bay horse entangled by tbe bridle f> some scrub, with a broken saddle beside bin near a log. " This is Corwyn's horse f" cried Albert, as he dismounted and released the horse, who took advantage of bis liberty lo scour through the brush homeward; nor did we trouble to follow him, for his master wis lying against the log in a crushed heap, evidently breathing his last. I stooped and raised bis beavy head to my face, ana as I did so he opened his eye!, fixed tbem on my faoe and knew me. " I've had my revenge you see, and *11 is well I" he murmured, " *h< will play l» man false again I" and he was dead-almolt with a smile on his murderous lips I < The story of my dream is told-let thi faith less maid Werner drop out of it like the worth leu thing she was. I suppose I'must do ber tbe justice to believe tbat when she persuaded Evelyn to grant (Corwyn that last meeting, she never dreamed of murder. We lad un fortunately no hold on her, so sb >-«eit. tree and out of my sight for ever. My friend Albert is master of Weninona now, and has a family of fairohildren i;rnw ing up around him. The eldest be has l.mied 11 Evelyn," in memory of his lost siste*. and sometimes I fancy the girl hae a look in her great dreamy eyes of the murdered bride. Charley Kingsley did not break his heart, though he grieved long for Evelyn's tirrible loss, how there are happy children a so at Kingsland that bear his name. Mrs. l'emberton is dead. If she telt rimorsn for influencing her daughter to deoei >e tbe man she loved, and accept one she oou 3 ' love for tbe sake of hie wealth, she neve; euid so, but carried the seoret of her sin with her to tbe grave. 