THE IRISH QUESTION AND THE MEL BOURNE PRESS. Tub Melbourne press has persistently and in discriminately opposed itself to everything Irish. Without exception, every time the Irish Question has presented any new feature, or any fresh phase of development, the wisdom or its opposite of the fourth estate of Melbourne has denounced with unmitigated virulenee and puerile logic such feature or such phase with all the fury engendered by impotence, and nursed into a sickly existence by class, by racial, and by sectarian bigotry. Different m every other respect, the two leading organs of the opposing factions agree, though from different standpoints, in running a Quixotic tilt against this Celtic windmill. From time to time the class and sectarian bigotry of Philistine Melbourne is stirred to its deepest depths by the blatant outpourings of the anti-Irish Age or the anti-liberal Abgus. The champion of the cause of Ireland, Gladstone, is railed at as an air-beater, a blind fossicker after chimferas, fche betrayer of his country, the ambitious demagogue eager for vulgar plaudits who barters a principle of mo ment for the evanescent breath of temporary and alien approbation. The most artful and plausible hypotheses are framed convicting him of madness. The Argus has specially distinguished itself in this species of attack on the sanity of him whom the concurrent voice of reasonable Europe is never weary of acknowledging as the first states of his time, the peer of Bismarck with the addi tional recommendation of possessing a conscience. The Argus is Conservative, and from its Tory bastion frowns down upon the advancing tide o£ Liberalism it is powerless to stem or to stop, impotent in its fury, but malicious in its innuendo — a fitting representative of the purse proud illiteracy it affects to champion, and whoso dubious prerogatives it vainly essays to conserve. The Age, on the other hand, having played the various parts of stalking-horse to the renegade Berry and the advance-guard of Aus tralian Democracy, takes another though equally reprehensible course. It is the mouthpiece of the Kiania Ghost of Victoria ; the pallid and evisce rated echo of the sophisms of James Anthony Froude, the utterer of that specious masim that the power to do evil is a divine endorsement of the desire to do evil. Every Saturday's issue o£ the Melbourne Age embodies in its leader a philippic against the Irish race or the Irish creed. These weekly tirades are in tended as a progressive educational course for the sans-culottish Liberals who read the paper, aud who pm their faith political to the sophistical vapourings of this anti-Irish organ. Consistency is cast to the winds. Liberty and representative institutions are very ;fino things indeed for the Victorian mechanic. This the Age is never tired of reiterating. Justice is admirable for the down-trodden Saxon. Eeligious intolerance is hateful when the cause of free thought according to the Age is to be advocated. But the line is drawn with severe exactitude and Spartan rigour when justice to Ireland or tolerance to the Irish faith is the subject of discussion. Each Saturday's issue of the Age ia an inconsistent and virulent attack either on the Irish people or upon the Irish Church. We have a file of the paper before us. Turning its pages over, wo read leader after leader absolutely bursting with blind and un reasoning fury against everything Celtic. This in a paper which poses as the champion of liberalism, advanced thought, democracy, and religious tolerance ! It would indeed be a dark and dreadful day for Ireland if the stupid and malicious maxims of the Argus or the Age obtained in the counsels of the Empire, or dictated the action of those foremost statesmen upon whose shoulders rest the stability or English rule. 