The Storyteller. On the Box. ? (7 he IVorld.) To one whose youth was instructed 011 the margin of the old Birmingham road , aod who spt his first silver watch daily — it required adjustment once at least in the twenty-four hours — by the arrival of the portly Mr. Wilcox on the Wonder coach, the bestof the fifteeu which passed during the day and night, there is some thing at once exhilarating aud sad in the amateur revival of the former picturesque mode of travelling. The thing is dead, but its ghost is undeniably sprightly and debonair. Only last May, the handsome blue bodied drag which called itself the Grev houud, and travelled to St. Wulstausaud back daily, was standing at the door of the White Horse Cellar one morning, when the clock at the entrance marked aome eight minutes to eleven. The coach man was a tall dark man of perhaps seven or eight aud twenty, bronzed apparently by suns more powerful than ours, whose face was smooth except for the heavy moustache which surmounted, but did not wholly conceal, a mouth peculiarly susceptible of pleasant smiles. He sat erect, iu thoroughly workmanlike style, casting his eyes ever aud anon over the faultless equipments of tbe four vell grooniert bays with black points beneath liim, but occasionally glancing at the clock rather nervously. He looked re lieved and happy, however, as a stylish nntijw, with a coronet on the panel, and drawn hy a pair of grand movers, dashed up; and from itdesepudednyoungwoman, dressed in the height of the mode. The box-seat had evidently been kept for Iter, and her servant placed on it a elo.ik lined with soft fur, aud a light lichly-worked rug for the knees. The steps we're placed, Ihe lady ascended. And now tbe clock had reached eleven, aud simultaneously the hour sounded up from SL James's Palace, audible only to ears e.xpectiug it. ' All right behind, Captain,' said the guard, touching his hat. Heads were released, and appareutlv, without a movement on the coachman's part, the vehicle glided out amongst the traffic, and its presence was only indicated by the blast on the long horu, which Bailey so well knew how to produce. The pa senger ou the box was Lady Tregoyd, and though uot one of the pro fessional beautiesowing to her husband's extreme dislike to the notoriety gained by beiug photographed iu attitudes and costumes, she might well have taken her place nmougst them. Rlie was as fair as a lily, with dark auburn hair, gray eve-, nnd regular features 011 rather 'a large scale— not, however, disproportioned to her dimensions generally. Excitable and lively, she took care, notwithstand ing, not to overstep the bounds of good form. The coachman was Captain Dur rani, a member of au old Kentish family, hut a younger son, who had been in India for some years with his regiment of Dragoon Guards, aud had only re turned the previous winter. Lord Tregoyd was au agreeable plea sant mau, full of information, and pas sionately fond of natural history, but of a neculiar temper. He was atteeUouate ; but he required those who valued his love to make up to him. Tbe least neglect produced in him au affectation of indif ference. He never remonstrated about anything which displeased him, but withdrew himself from the place where it seemed likely he would have to contem plate it. In any emergency when man delighted him not — nor woman either — he flew to his dormice, or solaced himself by watching his ants. He was reserved and haughty, but not selfish ; indeed, so far from tbat, be was quite capable of a self-sacrifice, if the occasion clearly de manded it. The Baroness, ncc Edith Milton, was the daughter of a cleigyman whose living was in Warwickshire ; and the winter before Henry Durraut went into the army Edith had visited some friends residing iu Kent, near the Dur ranta' place, had been much thrown with the young fellow, aud had taken au im mense liking to him. This was sug gested, perhaps, by the evident fancy he had for her — a fancy which uever deep ened into a hope, however ; for, with two elder brothers, he was celiBate from cir cumstances, and the affair went into tbat limbo where we sometimes choose to think our brightest wishes congregate. Then the days rolled by, aud in due course Edith was engaged, and ultimately mar ried, to George Constable, Lord Tregoyd, and was congratulated by all her friends on tbe good match she had made. And she lived with him at his beautiful place in Devonshire, Lindeucombe ; and, in the seasoD, iu Portmau Square. Here the story-books leave people with the general intimation that they were happy ever afterwards. And, iu truth, the Tre goyd 9 were fairly happy till Captain Durrant reappeared in the gay scenes of Loudon, ana Edith saw a great deal of Jjim, and their mutual liking revived Again. During the Easter recess, Dur raut had run home and seeu a nice girl, the daughter of an Australian who had settled near his father's, and who was willing to give her a handsome dowry ; and as she appeared favourably disposed to the Dragoon, Henry's friends were very anxious that something should come of it. This girl was called Julia, and was herself at present iu town, It was there fore the more wrong of Edith to give up her thoughts so much lo her for mer friend, because she was not ; ouly forgetting her husband, but standing also in Henry's light. But folly had got the upper baud. As for Lord Tregoyd, he saw that matters were not promising well, and, with his curious temperament, lie made off to his thickets, and ponds, and pets at Liudeii combe, and let the boat glide. Durrani was not even in part responsible for the Greyhound ; hut the two men who owned ft were friends of his, and, as be was a ir-oted whip, be bad been invited by thein | to take a turn on tbe box. Of course, ou this occasion, be must have Edith with him, and they were to lunch together at St. Wulstans, and return in the evening. Edith knew it was a journey on the prim rose path, and that out of such an inti mate acquaintance no happy result could by auy manner of means come ; but she was under a spell, and was acting us re gardless of her welfare as enchanted people in the inediueval romances. The bays only went four miles, and were succeeded by a capital team of iron grays ; not such large animals, but clean limbed, active, thoroughly good-hearted horses who went at their work with a will. How sweet the country looked ! The village streets, the church towers, the seats of the rich here and there in their beautiful woods ; then hits of com mon, glimpses of water, and the calm (sows, and the silly staring sheep, and the old cart-horse by the gate, who seemed so satisfied with having terminated public life. Edith was very pleased to be so near her friend, and tender and pleasant was the conversation— too tender, one fears. And yet these happy moments were flowerets with tb 0 trail of the ser pent so certainly over them, that the fact was not wholly absent from Edith's con science. Tbe grays were euuai to a long stage, and gave up their places to four whoso, uniformity did not extend . to colour, but ouly to cut aud character ,* highbred, rather weedy things, hut full of courage, and of a sensitiveness which required a good deal of driving. Ifenry was, however, quite equal to the occar jlou, aud brought them ia style Into f&e; market-place ' of St. Wulstans, with the splendid church at one end, and turned into the gateway of. the Bull Iun with a precision which excited admiration in the bystanders. 'Sit still a minute, and I will come and help you down,' said the Captain, as he unbuckled the leaders' reins. Then wait ing till the splinter-bars were taken oft, he released the other reins and descended. He was a heavy mau, aud putting his foot ou the skin of some fruit thrown down 011 the pavement, he slipped and fell with considerable violence. Edith screamed on seeing the accident, but, assisted by Bailey, soon got down and rushed to the side of her friend. He was carried into a sitting-room, and placed on a sofa. His ankle had swelled so very much, he was quite powerless to move it, and it was urged upen him that he should see a surgeon. Au old man was seut for, who examined the foot, and said that, iu its extremely pulled con dition, he could scarcely decide what had happened, but he should fear a small hone was broken. Lotions were, of course, ordered, aud the medico said he would come in again presently. ' I shall not be able to drive,' cried Henry ; ' but there is a professional here, and I will go inside with my foot up. You do uot mind sitting with me Edith would be delighted. And then luncheon was ordered in. And Edith sat opposite tho sofa, and attended to the wants of her wounded knight,. After luncheon the surgeou came again. Whether champagne is uot good for an injured ankle, or whatever the cause was, the foot was more swollen, and the family practitioner begged the Captain to remain quiet, and not to think of travelling in the coach. The pain was on the increase, and Henry could uot be in sensible to the fact that the jolting would be very unpleasant. But' then, how about Edith ? She would gladly have remained to nurse him, but it. was obviously a step which was likely to he misunderstood ; aud Henry had tbe good sense to see that unnecessary causes of scaudal were, even on the lowest grounds, uudesirable. So, after a good ileal of persuasion, Edith consented logo back, though she declared she should immediately, 011 arriving at home, send an old maid-servant, who was a wonder ful nurse, to wait upon Henry. Bailey came in iu in his red coat with pale-blue collar and cufts to take leave. ' I am very glad,' said the Captain, ' that Waruer is here. I feel quite easy at resigning the ribbons to him.' 'O, bless you ! yes, Captain,' replied Bailey ; ' dou't give the matter another thought. Hope the foot will soon be better. Are you ready, my lady'.'' Wheu Lady Tregoyd mounted the box there was a fine youug man, with a par ticularly honest, good-tempered face, occupiug Durrant's place. He took his hat off as she climbed the ladder, aud, with every expression of surprise aud pleasure, said, ' La, Miss Edith, faucy niv having the honour of driving you ! That is strange, and 110 mistake !' 'Why, Robert !' exclaimed Lady Tre goyd, ' I had 110 idea you were iu this part of the country. And you have never heard I was married?' 'O yes, I have, my lady,' admitted the other ; ' but it seemed so natural like to call you Miss Edith ; but I ask your pardon.' The coach had to go. It was a little humiliating to amateur glory that Robert drove the uervous team with the utmost ease aud precision out of the gateway, as a mere matter of course. Warner was from Selby, Mr. Milton's ;-? - \ the son of a small farmer there ; ana though he had uever been in service at the vicarage, yet, as a neighbour who thoroughly un ilerstood horses, the charge of the stable had virtually devolved upon him. He bad provided tbe children with their ponies, made up condition balls for the wagonette mare, and was always ready with his own tax- cart in case of a com mission at the market town. In this way he had been in aud out of the house all his life, and had grown up pretty well with the elder ones of the family. A driver by natural instinct, he had served his apprenticeship in a remote county where a coach still ran, aud had been attracted to London by the revival of dragsman traditions. He was full of recollections of little events in Selby and of the eccentric people most villages con tain, and brought up to Edith's memory many small adventures in her own career. ' I have been down at Selby this spring, my lady. The old Vicar was wonderful hearty. And Miss Mary was there. La ! it is a wonder Bhe don't marry; such a handsome and kind-hearted lady — no better in that neighbourhood ! I suppose you hear very often from them all ?' ' O yes, of course, from time to time.' But it startled Edith to recollect bow little communication she had had with home this year. ' The Vicar's getting on, you know, my lady. You should visit him this summer. He is very hale. ' But at his age tbey don't face the winters so well. No man's name stands above his in the county, I reckou. There ain't a blemish on kith or kin ; all belonging to him hold up their heads before the world.' The set of roans thatdid the work the greys had done in the morning were strong sound horses; but their natural pace was notquite thatof the Greyhound standard, and Robert had to press them a little, a task he did better, perhaps, than the Captain would have done. He was uot, in consequence, able to talk so much. And Edith sat iu a reverie. Was there anything in flattery aud attention — iu passionate homage — nay even, per haps, in sincere love, when it was uot love that would bear the light, which could compensate for the averted eyes of our childhood's admirers, the cloud and trouble spread over the exemplary home, the grey hairs brought with sorrow to the grave ? When the hays with black points were put in again, Waruer said — ' Well, I am sure I shall tell them all down Selby way how first-rate your ladyship was looking. Happy's no word for it. They talk in sermons against riches, hut it seems to me that folks with plenty of money in their pockets have much the best of it, and a fine time, too : is it not so, my lady ?' 'Some rich people are very happy, i make 110 doubt.' ' I could name one that is, I'll be bound,' murmured tbe good fellow. But was the person thus alluded to so happy ? The increasing traffic required that Robert should attend very exclusively to his task, and Edith fell into another thoughtful silence, The charming de cline of the afternoon gilded with a pecu liar light the suburban gardens full of fruit-trees still lingering in blossom, and shrubs in their full glory. The children were at play iu all the open spaces, the grass was soft and green, ana the frag rance of the breathing flowers full of softening influence. Was it too late. Certainly not. Edith's natural guardian was a man who only required to know his aid was wanted to afford it readily. Was it such a hitter pill, after all, to go down to him, ask pardon for neglect, and seek support for the future? Whatever he might be, Iiord Tregoyd was thoroughly generous. There would be no reproaches ; nothing but tenderness for the returning mood of better thoughts. She got dowji In Piccadilly |n a very different condition from' that lu which Bhe njouated the box In the morning. Pressing* handsome -presents otf Warner aud -Bailey, she drove rapidly to her home, '? The, old,, maid-servaut was directed 'to st&rt;'at'once by rail for St. Wulstans, to look after Henry. This amiable functionary' alio conveyed a letter, worded as follows : — 'Faithful Jaue Martiu will give you this aud will see to all your wants. I hope you will boou be well. If you have ever bad any regard for me, or still feel auy, play 110 longer fast ami loose with Julia. You have every prospect of happi ness in marrying her.'l am ofl'to Lindeu coinbe. When you reflect calmly in solitude upon all'the circumstances sur roundiug us you will admit I have done right.' Edith was wise enough to know that the iron must be struck while it was hot. There are occasions in life when it is fatal to listen to both sides of the question. She determined not. to think, but lo act. She gave directions about uecessary pack ing, made out. instructions for tbe ser vants who were to remain in the house, partook of a hasty meal, and 6'tiL won! to tbe coachman tbat she was going by the Exeter mail, and that he must be re sponsible for Iter catching it. And soon after half-pa-t eight Lady Tresioyd was actually 011 her way to Paddimttou. Paul Bknsion. 