THEATRE; ROYAL. Lessie, Mr. Charles Vincent. Acting Manager. >lr. Harwood. Final Rktihemext of Mr. J, C. Lambert. When he will make his lust uppearanco on any stage for ever. Those fr.endi who desire to houor Mr. Lambert with their presence on this occasion will please take tbeir places imme- diatcly. The Gentlemen Amateurs have consented to appear on this occasion with Air. Lamberta This Ernniny, V/ucxday, February 27th, 1868, The Performance will commence with the. 2nd Act of Brinsley Sheridan's brilliaut comedy "THE RIVALS."' Sir Anthony Absolute - Mr. .T. C Lambert Characters by the Company. To be followed by the 1st Act of Bulwer Lytton's comedy of "MONEY." Sir John Vesey - . - Mr. J. 0. Lambert ' (his last appearance in that character for ever). Alfred Evelyn - Mr. William Levey !, Sir Frederick Blount - Mr. Marcus Clarke Stout - Mr. Charles Warner Other Characters by the Amateurs, Trio— "Hark 1 the Lark at Heaven's Gate Sings"— Mr r, Stewart and Misses Docy and Maggie Stawart. To be succeeded by Scenes (including Screen Scene) Irom Sheridan's Conu dy, ''THE SCHOOL FOR SCANDAL" Sir Peter Teazle - - Mr. J. C. Lambert (the last character lie will ever act on any Stage). Joseph Surface - Air. Charles Vincent Lady Teazle - - Miss Cleveland To which will be added the Farce entitled "THE MODEL HUSBAND," Supported by Mr. H. r. Harwood and Company, Mr. J. C. Lambert will then lead the confess-,', ion of his faults and bid his frionds a final adieu Doors open at 7. - Commence at 8 precisely. , . PHIOE3 as usual. , , The following is a copy of his address: "Ladies and Gentlemen: — I am about to quit this world of mine lor - ever, to cross the footlights and live in your world. It is very much the niisf.nm nn nonasinns whan nnnl# nrA going out of the world to make a full confession of all their sins, and I will acknowledge the excellence of the custom by adopting it, so that you shall not say that I gave up the ghost without recouuting the many sins of which I have been guilty, botli since I came among you, and many years before that time." "These as you may suppose were very numerous, for they have been going on without intermission these two and forty years. I will begin with the worst offences, and admit I have committed murder — In the early part of my career especially, I ac knowledge to have murdered several — parts, with which I was entrusted, but of late years I hope I have been less guilty in this respect, and that the shades of Shakespeare, Ben Johnson, Congreve, Otway, Massitiger, Rowe, and Sheridan have been appeased, I trust by my having imparted a little life to some of their creations." \- "I have committed bigamy so often that I cannot recount the number of instances. I have married more wives than Brigham Young, so that it is not surprising if I should number my sons and daughters by scores if not hun dreds. Some of them, I grieve to say, I have treated with great cruelty, turning them out of doors to beg or starve, cutting them off with a shilling, forcingtliem into mercenary marriages, and otherwise provoking them to des perate measures," ." In connection with these wicked proceedings I have used the most . violent language to my offspring, but many times when in the very onslaught of my furious denunciations I have relented and only uttered half a curse. At this moment, if I had not great strength, of mind I should be over whelmed with remorse at the conse quences of my severity." "I have to deplore the necessity of frequently numbering among my- acquainta-nces, and even among my friends, some very incorrigible seoun- ?drels; but I beg yOu will place in juxtaposition with this' fact, the cir cumstance of having also been on intimate terms with many kind hearted persons of every degree of society. Indeed, I may here remark, that in respect to social position, my friends and acquaintances have been of the highest and lowest rank, with every intermediate grade, and that their dispositions have varied as infinitely as their social position." "My .own predilections have been in like manner fluctuating. At one' time I have been so miserly that I have denied myself the common and most absolute necessaries; at others felt myself, prompted bv generous impulses so strong that I have had no hesitation -in giv-ing away large sums of money, vast estates, priceless jew els, and even crowns and kingdoms." "I confess, however, these gifts have been bestowed with but an in discriminate hand, and that undeserv ing men have profited by my promis cuous liberality." "Like nil other members of my profession, I have lived a double life, and it is only in one of mine, the great crimes I have enumerated and ac knowledged havebeen committed. My serious vices, I trust, have all been committed this side of the footlights." " But in the world where in future' I am going to dwell, I- trust ; you will credit me with having done my duty n.s a good citizen, and that when in a . feWi days ;I .step on board the vessel which will bear me from -this bright and -beautiful country, I shall carry with me votir good wishes and your kindly esteem." " Permit me' a parting word about my brother, managers, with whom for the last twelve months I have been intimately associated. I never thought , to Have drifted intomanagementagain, hilt there were such pressing reasons why this fine theatre should not be allowed to lose i vestige, and why it should hot fall into incompetent hands that I consented to become one of the co-partnerships by which its 'affairs have been lately administered." "I appeal to you to say whether we have managed the Theatre Royal satisfactorily, and ; whether -we have not fulfilled the promises made at the \- beginning of our career. Although we have not obtained a wonderful ' pecuniary success, I can but , think that we have given our patrons fair value for their money, and I am happy tc think at this moment that the repu tation and popularity of the Theatre Royal are as good' as they have at any -time been since it was opened nearly . fitteen years ago. Let me ask you to continue your support to the mana gerial firm as it now exists— at least an equal measure of support. Its members are well known to you, and .are, I am sure, greatly, respected. " - (To he Continued), 