Afteu auxiou? waitibg— tlio cable of course was in terrupted when something important ;w'as on— tho nows has been flabhed that the Grand Old Man has booo defeated ovor his Home Rulo Bill by 341 to 311, , a nuijority ot'3(J. The oxoitemont roust' have been b iyond precedent, for such voting has novrirj bo 'far as we can romemlidr,'boen rocorded.* ' Out of a houso oi u/iv tno extraordinary nuraoer ot ou:i votou, leav ing only.! 18 , yotos unrecorded, or loaving out tho Speakor, who does not vote, 17. Tho scone and tho oc;a»|ou were unparalleled iu history Tho exciter raont niuit iiavo' boou nt blood heat; not only in tlio House b\itjthroughout tho wholo Empire and America. Th'o-clo e of this groat dobato, oponod with a wondor ful dis lay of.oloquonce by a veteran 77 yoara of agp, wad madoovonmoro oxciting'than could 6o oxpoctod by tho fuel it was not knosvn until tho last moment how tho division would go; so undoto mined were 'members, 'so tremondous tho -pressuro' brought to hoar. Tho bceuo in 'the Cliambor, oxcopt whon the voto was taken, could not have been mo-'o exciting than] that. AvitUout in, the lobbies,. .whore. tho whips and tho loadiag mon must havo fought like, lions to try and persuade -thoso who haltod betweon t'wo' opinions or who ioarcd tboir constituents, to 'vote aright.. ..It is. ovident ahpals.of the leadors of public opinion in tho provinces woro iu the Houso wrestling with tlioir membor^. As tho hour grew on it is appa rent tho efforts ,iu tho lobbio* woro. abandoned uud tho list great, fight' took place . on the floor of tho Houso in an atmosphoro that mils t have bo'oireloe- | trical. Mr Goschen, the ablest of : tho Whigs, wat put up to iorco tho svavorors by his cold cruel logic to voto against 'tho, 'bill. 'After him roso tho Un crowned King of irolaiid, the cool, calm, mysterious, sphinx-liko Pamell, who is more implicitly ob'oyod by millions of Irishmen throughout tho world than any Asiatic potentate,- whp .delivered' one.1 of thoso master sp3eclios that' mark him as a man amongst mail)*, ' born in tho purple.' rvHis 'Speech appoars to have been studiously directed to allay all alarms felt 'at the idoa of Home Rule, and he deciarod if the Bill passed it would for, all. time lay tho. Irish Ghost. Aftor; his speoch Sir' jtfichael . Hicks-Boach's miisr bavo been an infliction, liut all was made up for wbon;tho Grand Old Man roso at tho finish' to mak'o his final appeal. That must havo boon a sceno fit for tho great dramatist and the great historical fainter. Loug after we havo passed; away it will stand out as an epoch, and'poot*, artists and drama tists will find in it the bopt material. But his im* pa-isionod ploading , availed not, ueither did the tremendous cheors for him evoked by 'tho oxcitablo T. P. O'Connor, which wero given by membors and istningers—an unlioard of thing that would have niade tho lato Serg-'ant-at Arms, tho '? Bootlo' of ?j&iinch; faint ri «ht away-7-th'o bill was th-o\?n out; And what is to follow?''' A dissolution of courso. The :Marquisof Ilartington is ready lo form a Cabinet but HorMajeity ia too well infi»rnud, too impartial, to permit a scratch toam to hold power for a few months. To tbo peoplo. to the .masters of Parliament, the question, «o fraught with fate to nil English speak ing peoples, must go;' and what tho rosult will bo it is impossible to forecast. ; . That the election «hich Js ? impending will bo the mojt .oxciting. the mosc fateful, ever held jo- tho. United-Kingdom there can bo no doubt; Tho influences that'will be brought to bear iucthat. terrible; strugglo will bo legion. For a time all tho forco* of tho .English ; speakiug people , all ovor the world will bo concentrated in the two little islosfrom tvhonce they canje. America w4ill boamost important factor, and will.for tho.timo forgot her own loca^ntiair;1. Iho. battle will bo beLwoen Ireland and Ulster, and both . will divide the English speaking, people to tho verge cf bloodshed. Ireland will com-; rannd a powerful following; but so will Ulster. How over, it-. is almost certain that Mr Gladitone will greatly modify his scheme botoro.ho goes to the country. If ho allows Ulster to remain attached to; England as now or form a Stato by.itsolf, or .if hp; forms local legislatures in Euglaudj Scotland, Ireland, and Wales,, it is probable his . way will bo smoothed and that .civil war will bo avorted But if ho will forco.upon Ulster, a Dublin Government, thereis.no tolling what will happon. Wo trust that a inoditi, 'vivcndi-t will bo discovered,' and Hhat ' Ireland will , obtain j'istico withnutinjiiatico boing po:potratod upon any other portion 6ftHo. Empire. ? An'yho'w, wo most all Vo'cogriHo the terrific criHis'iipon which 'wb 'are en tering; ' and 'trust'' that the coolheadedne'ss and solid common, sense of 'tjitf English' peoplo will safely carry the yossbl' of State ovor the broakers into' a harbor of p.eacp and safetyT /-v, ,'tyi -i r ; The Council met to-day but at too lato an hour to onablo. us to give aroport. . ; ' ?- r i'.:- | In regard. to the casoR,' C. McKj.biniy!v.-;D, Murray, whfch' thetiBo4ich, composod/ off.Messrs Poarce i-nd Lakomrtn, »«tammaVily t'l8(»ttloa.- wo uridbrstah'dLn full sbitoment* lias heen! forwarded* ? to ;tho t'IMinistbr 6J: J^u-'tice' demHnding an- enquiry into' -the whole affair/ It is contonded tliat A'Bench. is forcod by :tho lawito hear all the 'witnesses for tho: defence; ; and also tho address of- the' defendaht's lawyor. 'i .'In this.ca^oithe' Bench 'topped .tho case when tho dofendant- was' half thro'ujvff'liifl 6ridonce; 'and orid' of .;tho justice* deMared^ho did not beliovo tho dofendant, but did beliovo tho- plaintiff. ' Thtro wore two important witne^w'es to bo called for the d«»fenco who, it is alloged, would have put a very different complexion on the CASO. j The BoV;.Mr,Pinlo, ono of the'1 principal survivors, of- tho Ly-oo moon, is an original and bold thinker: Whon I arrived in Sydney I-was met with i ? We must lie rei'oneilod; itjs .tho. will of God.' .Now, it was not jtho will of God; 'Ho had nothing to-do with it; it was tho error, of a manr-who I will notsay. : Wo j »ire too ready to ' lam6 God- for our own 'pr'oventiblo mistakes. ' Those are honest and truevwords. was' fighting Mr Lakoman about family selectionb ou Saturday; -Mr' Iiikom'imiiboldly' stated' Mr.ProndbrgaHt senl:Huppliod his son with the morievi to, start himion ia selection; and. -ho -mhintnined' it-wani thoroughly proper:and onlv.'what waato be expocted of aTparent, and that -young Proijde gast could not ,be regarded as *- a- dummy. Mr :Park went on to argue that a lad could himself savo. money onottgh to tako un ground. ' How ?'? quo ied' Mr Ijakoraan, Mr Park answored by a-king; a que- tibh : How^ much do you ;pay- tho lad;who looks ? aftor'your:horsb ?' ' Ton fihillirga a week,' replied Mr Lakoman. '?! «? And: what does ho do with it ?' queried Mr Park. ' Spend ovory shilling of it,' . responded. Mr Lakornan;' 'and bed spend double if ho could cot it.'.. Mr Ltkeman bad undoiibtedly tho best of! the encountor.: ; ' ! Catholic.-— His Lordship tho Bicht Rev. Dr. Hyrno (lv.-G,). Bi*hop of Bathurst, - laat woek visited Hay en route for'Balrariald a d other 'towns' in that part of his vast diocoso. „ On His Lordship's arrival at tho railway station he was; wqlpombd by Father Treaty, of Hay, and. Father Lon? of Wentworth, and wa9 driven to t\ie Catholic Presbytery, where ho was the guest of thb Hev. Fathor Treacy. On- Thursday mormng ^r.^Byrne . iviuited tho: courent school. He spoke highly of thft building, and was,, also, ngrooatily surprised to hear that the average daily attendance ofi pupils was over one hundred, .and congratulated the nun* on having such a larce school,. .The vourie folks seemed very ploased with Hi^ Lord^ip's visit, .which! was, Ntul more intensified whon he cnUad'for- a nhow of hands from all who liked f'lollios.' Every. Iiand. was instantly raised and tho Bishop generously or dered a 'lojly ' fea-t to be giveo'toUhe children at his expense. His 'Lordship (expros-ed a regrot that o^ing to previous; arrangomontB ;he 'could not romaiiV longor in Hay ; but from what h'e had seen of tho' infant,city of tho plains Jio liked it* vory. much. Ho ^admired tho rowB of : trees Growing, so luxuriantly along tho, streots and the beautifying aspect thoy, lont to tho town. ? On liiV wiiy to Biilranald His Lor* ' ship .accompniue^.tN* Father iiJiig was driven as far , as Maud by Father Treftcy, ' 'Tun publib' school has broken' upufor tho. three weeks Midwinter holidays. ' ; ' ' ? Half-acre blocks in D'oi»: y Bell at £00.' - Tho- prlco used to bo £20. All diggers who rtre coming to Dorby for provisions advise that no ono should go 'until- tho l wet season. 1 Cnuttcir op^KflUx^, Hav.— Divine Service in St. laul.s on'- Sunday next both morriin'z'*and evening; and in Toongooi school at 3 p;.m. .Holy Communion id St. Paul s nt 8 p. m ' ? ' ' ' ^ v i ?* ^T3 Ah® littlos that toll— ispdcinlly ? the brothers.and siKtors. ? Uk t^6rmc5meter Sainsi notoriety Owing to' tho prossuro of Land Board and other mattor Ve aro compelled to hold ^ovor somo leadors and other articlos.' ' ? » How^rapidly' the' English language^ is advancing, and how. many words are being addod to it. In an 1880 dictionary wo find tho now words of' Masher' 'dude' 'boycott' 'dynamitard ' and many othors only recently coined. ,' 'Dumped' howover is' not oxplainod as Australians understand it. Mr Dibbs, who knows so much of Dump'Cars should have been consulted. ' Masher ' is defined at - a conceited young snob, ' which isn't nt all tho sonso of tho word. Ouu Town Clerk should certainly get somo infor mation about Huntor's Patent Deodorizing Disinfec tant, which was last wook tried in Melbourne, and found to bo a complete succoss. Wheu applied to crude and offensive nightsoil it acted like magic. Not tho slightostsmoll could bo 'porceivoded from *tuff that; a fowmomonts beforohad boon exhaling the fumos ofj Tophet. Tho siicbeas of tho' patent has. been placed beyond the possibility of doubt. It i& used in tho x-ariiamenc iiousos ana oisownere. oureiy.it wouiu. bo a boon to this. town;of stinks. ; ' The great m'eotiug in Sydney for tho relief of the Ly-ee-moon survivors, which meeting wascomposod of tho magnatos of tho land contributed five farthings por head; the Cooks and Stewards Association con tribed at its mooting 25s por hoad! -Thoro never existed such mean peoplo as tho Sydney ' big folks ' when charity is concerned. ! The Manly mystory is a sad ono. A young girl, Elizabeth Martin, agod .19, who 'was- looking for. a situation, was invoiglod' by another girl, who bad already start* d on tho broad road to go to Manly with ,two!'Nblpodsl -' Vn(l tho four stopped iii a tonthavlug 'missed' tho boat; w ' Martin was missod, so tho others say, in tho morning, and was aftorwards found, drownod. Medical evidence provod tho girl had lost hor purity on tho fatal night. lTis:bpttor to be dead than living;. butJthero iB tho drawback', that' tho doad -can't onjoy miudaoo ? things. Marcus' Clarko mado nothing but debts out of *\ His Natural Life. ' The novel has now booa dramatizod, and tho adaptors aro making* hoaps 'of niotioy out of it. Marcus never mulo a sixpence. Somo pooplo^build houses and* othors livo in thom. . Mr Philip G. Booty, onco woll-known in Sand hurst, was acquitted in Sydnoy on a chargo of em uc^iuinont irom nis empioyor iur iviuuuiua, ib uuiug iiold tho trouhlo aroso through tho confused stato of prosecutor's account. ... . Messrs Robortson, Wagner and Co are being sued in the Molboiirne Supremo Court by, Andras iWarga, in Austrian coach-builder, who was in their employ it Hay, 'for the illegal 'detention ' of tooH and loss throughiboing kept out of work, owing to the deten tion. ; Tho action was startod in the Supreme Court; but'« Mr Justibo Korferd ?made ah order, upoli' tho' application of tlio dofendant, to remit the case to tho : County Court, the plaintiff being unablo to show that ho wab in a position to pay Supromo Court costs in tho ovent of tho action going against him, Tho application^? remit tho case to* the- County Court was very 'strenuously 1 opposed- 'by Mr Fishor, who. contonded that the defendants' woro quite unjustified In detaining'' the plaintiffV tools, which wero of a' pochliar kind; and he pointed out that so long as tho man's tools wore withhold ho would bo unable to earn any money. It appeared from tho affidavits that tho plaintiff loft tho defendant's employ because ho did not; receive enough wages, and that whon he invoked the assistance of tho Austrim Consul, tho defondahts refused to give up the tools because tho plaintiff had loft thom withoutgiving a weok!g,nptieo. His Honor !said tho only question he had to.Vlocido was whether v tho plaintiff was nblo to pay Supromo Court'costs, and ?as thorn was no 'evidence that he could, ? tho ordor was made as sought. Dr. Madden w.*\s for the defen dant. Adelaide has'long had the roputation of being at onco tho most roligious (nutwardlv) and tho most | immoral of Australian cities. « But that stato of things is to bo altered. A' Vigilance Committee has been appointed to watch over tho morals of young and old mon. Tho gay Lothorios will havo a matwai* quarte hcure of it now. -The Vigilance Committee is under tho captainship of the famous Rov^Ii. Turhbull. The members go out at; night and watch what the unregenorate'are doing.' Already a'promising young crickotor has lost his situation in a' warehouse through being- reportod to his-employors as having been seen talking to a member of tho demi-mondo. Life in .Adelaide is hard enough,' but ' it is about to bo mado Harder. Timouait'a figure' not 'coining up 'to use a tccbnK cality, Mrs Esplin's donation to the Emerson fund was ?not mado pIrap : ifc wn«i £1 . ' Here, ' said Mr Froude in Oceana, speaking^ ? :0' the Lako District of New Zealand, 'will be tho chief sanitary' station. of tlio future for tho South Soi' English. We thinlc not,, after Mount Torawera's burst up. Bettor boar rheumatics at homo, or even greater evils, than run tho risk of being hurled into space without' a moment's notice, -'or' ^buried under mud,, to be dug up by gsologiitsin tho .fortieth contury. ' ' . . A coRRESPONDirr from Kimbevloy says the climate is terrible; 148°. in i the shade! There is plenty of fever and ngue. His concluding remark's aro : .1*'No' ono should come hero unless ho has about £200. Ho. must be well cquippod, and ihave a good riflo and a shot gun. The blacks aro -very bad, but they are also.-.yery euperstitibus, and -will.noti st:r a foot after darjk. Thore nro plenty of ducks, goose, &c;, in ,th« lagoons, and everyone should bring a shot gun with him to^kbep his tuckor replenished.' Arciidishop Goold who1 is just' dead was tho'flrst manto-make the'bvorland journey from Sydney to. .Molbburne (in,l8i8.)„, !.Ho was 19 ..days, oh tho. road,, travelling howover only 15, so ho mado 40 miles a ?jlay, a great feat. . Archbishop' Goold arrived in Sydnoyin tho thirties, and was; parish priostofthat Sleepy Hollow^Campbelltown, lor somo time , Ho wa-* tho first Archbishop of 'Melbourne and controlled the Seo for 38 years. ? ' ' ' ' ' . Lees and Newton's company play noxtSaturday. : Thb case agaiusfMrs- ISspiih' was dismissoU. Ro port next issao.' ' 1 : ' 1 ? ? \- ; What raay .be looked upon as the last sceno in tho .groat^Amorican Civil War took placo at Montgomery, Alabama on the 28th April whon tho corser stono of a monumont to tho Confederate doad was laid by Jefferson Davis. On that very spot 25 voars ago tho Confederate Chief took the oath of otHco. Ho was thon.in-tho vigor of; manhood, about 50;.; now:it was a feeble old. man, who hnd to' loan on tho.Mavor's' arm, wno iaia cno stone, . surrouna'-ai by n tew ot tho groat men who fought under tho'Stars and Bars, the shadows of thin lights '« f Southern chivalry.' On the 28th April, 1.8ft I j- a. little girl, tho dausbtor of tho wealthiest citizon of Montgomery hoisted tho Robel flagon this spot; th^twomanis. now, a school teacher in the town, with a family. What momorio* inunt hayp boen recall,Qd ; to .the Confederate Provident as ho, laid tliatBtonpiWith bis .trombling hand, and rem omliored the events of the great drama that bogan, 25 yoars ngo:!_ Insuiiance — Insurance/: i^ a pood ; thing, .whether applied to life , or property. No less ia blossinei anythirig that insures good health. Dr. -Cell's (Kid ney .and Livor) Bitters, do this. It is. nature's great remedy. It is a mild.ljut efficient cathartic, and acting^ at the'sanio tlmo pn liver, kidneys aud bowels, it relieves all theso organs and onables them to perform- thoir_dnties. perfectly. . It. has. wonderful . powbr.^Advt,''.. Blanket's,' bl^hHeU. Heavy stoclf,' best value over* fferbd, a^P. B. Terry and Co's.— Adv. . ? English gardonors, or rather thoir patrons, soem to be-getting-over their- orohidomania,- but thoy havo just now a very severe attack of ,primulamanin: and primroses, auriculas, and polyanthuses are tho ordor of.thoiday, ; : 