A CANADIAN GHOST STORY. -Not long ago, in the backwoods of Canada, a half-breed and myself (says a correspondent) were the sole occupants of a lonely lumber depot. The nearest shanty was 20 miles distant. Our visitors ' were chiefly Indians, and the only thing that helped to relieve the monotony of time was my periodical visit, to the shanty. The depot was built of logs ronghly hewn, and divided into three compartments, one of which served me as a bedroom My bed ran alongside a window from which I could see past the door and far across a lake. Early one morning £ was somewhat suddenly awakened by hearing knocking at the door. I turned my eyes at once to the window, and to my utter amazement I beheld a man. This was such an unusual thing that I thought my eyes deceived me. I sat up in the bed and .deeply scrutinised him from head to foot. I then immediately arose and awoke the half—breed, ordering him at the same time to open the door. He seemed at first a little afraid. Ultimately fear left bim and he did au requested. No one was there, and there were no signs of anyone having been there. The half-breed looked at me with suspicion, and doubtless thought I was playing a trick on him. I. smoothed the matter over with him the best way I could, so as to allay all bad feeling. It so happened that that was the very day my visit was to be paid to she shanty. On the way I tried to forget al! about the matter. I did not care about mentioning it to anyone, as doubtless my story would be received with- tbe derision it so richly deserved. On approaching near my destination I missed the welcome sound of the chopper's axe, and the merry strains of jiusic from the road cutters. I at last gained the shanty ; there were no signs of tbe usual activity and bustle; everything was quiet and still. I pushed open the door, aad entering I was horror struck to behold stretched upon a board the lifeless body of my mysterious visitor. I elicited from one of the men that the deceased had met his death early that morning by a tree falling on him. The tin<e of his* death corresponded with the hour at which I saw him. The writer can vouch for the accuracy of the foregoing. 