THE LITTLE FUSS, (Queen.) divi- IT is the little press who gets her own way in life, let who will have to yield. Where the fine; strong i capable woman, who could command a garrison if need be, withstand a siege as bravely as Bess of Hardwicke, and to whom the claims of self-interest are, as nothing compared with the good of others where she] is ruthlessly snubbed and ignominiously subdued by her in farmer, because he chances to be her husband, the silly little press, who is of no more use than a gauzy winged fly on the window-pane, lords it triumphantly over her 6ft. 2in. of matrimonial supre- macy and sets at naught all attempts to control her. Yet her sole claims to sovereignty are her trim waist, small hands, dainty feet, saucy air, and general incapacity for anything useful, helpful, unselfish, magnanimous, or beyond the area of her own self- indulgence. The noblest genius who ever shone like a sun in the human sky, has not had more influence in his degree than that claimed by the little miss, who is not even a sky-rocket in hers. The strongest man has not half her strength. Talk of despotism-the Russian Czar, the , German Chancellor, the Great Mogul, or any Balshaw you like, with three tails or none they are mere wisps of straw when pitted against that archdeacon of all-a little puss who knows her drill and can use her slender weapons with effect. For her indeed is, no law, no barrier, no denial and the sole chance for him who has her, days in his keeping is her generalised submission to the law of the land, and her circumscription of despotic rebellion to the things of her own house. If she set her mind to the commission of an Old Bailey offence, be who owns and cannot control her would have a difficult card to play ! The " echo " to the " call " in a clumsy player would be nothing to it, The little puss is for the most part more good-natured than good-tempered more palatable than reasonable. She flies into a rage as quickly as low burns, and as noisily as thorns crackle and it takes some marital engineering of a costly kind to bring her, and things in general down to their normal temperature. This is to be done only by tangible offerings and valid, concessions-by allowing her demands in accordance with her wishes, and acknow- ledging their frightfulness whatever they may be. To mine soothing words she is royally indifferent, i To proffered caresses, unsupported by these valid concessions, she is is so much adamant on which the gentle dew softly falls-with the vain idea of acting as a solvent. What she wants is the thing, not a phrase and she knows how to come by her desire. Nor is she to be reasoned with. Try the cold water douche of manly logic on the heated, temper of a little puss in a passion, or in the white heat of determination to have what she wants, at any cost, and you will get for your pains only the scalding of the steam thereby generated in clouds. No little puss worthy of her race, who has once buckled on her harness for the fight, could condescend to the coarse persuasion of reason-the un- feeling demonstration of logic. What she looks to is victory, and having her own way; and the intrinsic right oranges the question does not count even a decimal point, All the same, if you want to abide in peace with your pass, you must not only yield the thing she demands, but say that she is quite right to demand it at all and, when you have thoroughly humiliated yourself as well as submitted, then is your peace assured for the moment, but with no more stability than there is in a pyramid set point downwards and base uppermost. What can a man do but yield to a pretty little press, who puts out her power and insists? To employ 6ft. 2in. of muscular strength and fibre in coercing a filmy bit of vitalised gossamer, in breaking a butterfly on the wheel, in torturing a skylark, in sermonising a fairy - what man could ? what gentleman would 1 Besides, it would be of no use. Only those who could compel a cloud or put a ghost in chains of a material iron, could coerce a little pass when she has made up her mind to do as she likes. She knows her own advantages, and trades of the overwhelming power given by weakness, prettiness, a resolute will and a decidedly bad temper. And the end of the whole matter always is she does what she likes; has what she wants ; refuses to do what she does not like ; flings her five fingers in the face of all irksome obligation ; binds her matrimonial Gulliver with an extra thread ; strengthens her seat on her Sinbad's shoulders by a closer clip; and in making her natural master more and more her slave, increases by just so much his love for his airy, fairy, fiery tyrant and dominator, and his own content in his submission. Our little puss is, as we have said, more good natured that good-tempered ; but even for good-nature she is not to be too firmly relied on. She is an inconstant quantity, all through and her complaisance is as fluid and unstable as the rest. She is good natured only so long as she herself is pleased. And to be pleased she must be flattered and made much of. Miemustbe always given the highest seat in the synagogue of men's admiration, and the most attention, let who will be the rival belle. She would not yield the palm to June berth, senor rot to genius. ^Diapalshe would sell locally a |jprude,^Min,èiva|rl;a' Sprig, and app all the most odious She 'does not spend ord much love on her own sex in general, but near sometimes she has a chum who is sure to be her one that administers most acceptably to her and vanity either by- submissiveness to, her' room caprices, or by acting as a foil to her own She -prettiness. Outside these limits she is apt she -tobe more than a littlö'insolenf'tb" women,' may be they of her own 'age or older, and if still anyone is rash enough to offers , word of the counsel or to utter a note of warning, she's flow absolutely certain to do exactly the thing all deprecated, and to flaunt her intractability, who in the face of her counsellor, as if it were for an order of merit carrying, honour yea in its colour. She is proud' of tha her accomplishments, These consist solely ina in tennis playing, dancing, and the devising who of dresses. She cannot sing nor play, nor nea draw, nor work with her needle better than the average school-girl ; she never reads a when she can do anything else, and when forced into that labour reads only novels of the lightest kind. Even poetry she finds > r¡ too hard for her mental digestion and ter history, travels, literature in general, she is I abhors as she would abhor a diet of skilly pin or a visit to the dentist's. Of her three the accomplishments her genius in dress is the old one she most prizes, and she has really set attained in this the very highest ranks of the perfection. "Whatever dress she has on is Th more " chic " than that of any other girl's, or She is trim where others would be meagre, me She is individual when others would be odd, prt ungainly, absurd. She is merely off the St slips of a narrow conformity where others " 1 would be disorderly. If she is in the sh< advance of the fashion, heading the mad , inc race, those who are behind her look post- dated and as antiquated as if they were full crinolines and coal-scuttle bonnets. If rei she has a style of her own, those who they are dressed by their milliners' are service, At tasteless, and as insipid as so many potatoes without salt. "Whatever she wears she places her own seal thereon and her seal is inimitable. rain vain the rest toil after her. She comes to a tennis party iii a costume of startling combinations of colour' and daring originality of art. She looks divinely pretty - a fresh little human flower bud every man would like to wear a toothsome human sweetmeat everyone would like to taste. Lean Miss Jane and stout Miss Jenny admire with the rest, and adopt her ideas as their own. But what likeness is there between the person and the figure shown in the glass which elongated or if that which broadens? The original figure is the same ; but the proportions in the reflection change all and destroy every vestige of resemblance. Between a magnified stick insect, with no more breadth than a mathematical line-or a distorted cube, broader than a this long-and that well-proportioned, well-set-upyoungAdonis8tanding there, what is the real likeness 1 None ! So with lean Miss Jane and stout Miss Jenny, toiling after that airy, fairy little puss's vagaries of cut and audacious combinations of colour. The stripes and diagonals, frills and folds, are line by line the same as the patterns set by the little puss seeking a new sensation-the same are the colours, and off the same pieces the materials ; but what in her was charming, in them is ridiculous and their imitation leaves them " naked to laughter," though the leaves do not fall nor the cold winds come. The little press who makes such a fascinating bit of prismatic froth in the great social sea-such an autocratic, because still fascinating, wife to a strong man whom her childish wilfulness amuses and her elfin im- pertinence pleasantly stimulate-is never a satisfactory house - mistress nor capable mother. Accustomed to be indulged in her whims, and to have her own way independent of the rights of others or the limitations of abstract reasonableness, she cannot come to the grace of unselfishness, even for her children, nor recognise the equal rights of others, if in any way they clash with her own im- perious desires. She holds her servants as substantially her slave that is, as human machines who are never to be sick or sorry ; who are to have no life of their own outside their household duties ; who have no feelings, no family affections, and as few family ties and who are simply given over to ministering to her body and mind mortgaged to her service, without so much as a square inch left where their own individuality may breathe and disport itself. She maybe generous in the sense of giving -she very often is, as are most people whose getting costs but little trouble ; but she is never reasonable. She may give this - and that undue gence-but she gives it of her own grace ; she does not recognise it as a right. It is all the same to her as the apple she carries to her favourite horse-the bit ofSsuijar she puts on the nose of Rover as his treat after, trust. If it came into her humour to deny the most elemental right of her servants to any part of their own time or their own life, she would so deny. If it jumped with that humour, to give privileges in excess of rights, she would do so, and not think twice of the precedent she herself had set for own future disturbance. Unpunctual as the law of her habits, she was furious when by chance she is to the hour, and finds that the 'evil example we all know of has gained on her own household, and the servants have followed that chronological zigzag laid down by herself. She is just as furious when they are to their time and she is not to hers, and when the spoilt dinner and entangled engagements testify to her forgetfulness of how minutes flow into hours. Then she rates them all round for their stupidity in not divining what they could not possibly foresee and pecks at their punctuality as a tourist would peck at the finger which threatened its nest. And miss s tantrums" again create more laughter than consternation in the realms below, where missis, and master too, are discussed with a breadth and freedom neither would care to hear, The little press of girlhood cannot rise to the sublime self-abnegation of faithful motherhood. A child in mind for her own part, unreasonable and self- willed, silly and self-indulgent, even the tremendous force of instinct is checked in her, and her babies--, for the most part unwelcome intruders are at the best no more than the playthings of her idle hours. She likes them when they can laugh and run about and she need not be too gingerly with them ; but she consults neither their present good nor their future welfare, and regards them only from the point of view of her own amusement. She gives them up wholly to the care of Nurse and the little ones soon feel that there is no court of ultimate appeal against a despotism which may be, and very often is, as cruel as it is unintelligent. When by force of circumstances, and the rea augusta which limits the number of bands to serve, she is constrained to do something herself, that something is performed so slackly as to be more a hindrance than a help. Nothing is so melancholy as to see the little press of a trim girlhood transformed to the selfish, careless, slatternly, or selfish mother unable to maintain the old lines of the past, but refusing to adopt the new ordering of the present. Either she gives up the contest with difficulties, and sinks into the unredeemed slattern ; cr elie keeps up her own niceness at the expense of the family. Short commons for all the rest, but her favourite dainties always in sufficient abundance for herself. The. children in rags and patches, but she her lie of self always fresh and well dressed, her appointments perfect, her etceteras' in good order. That she is living a life of selfish- ness and undutifulness never enters into her feather stuffed head Her own rights and desires are so large they have left no room for any other thought "Grown old she is a more melancholy spectacle still, she rouges her cheeks and dyes her hair, 'mimics and poles and ~ pretends still to be the girl of many admirers the / little puss who was once the flower all men longed to wear, the sweetmeat" all desired to taste She is only an old fool, who just as she once forgot how the minutes flowed into hours, now forgets how the years have accumulated into epochs wherein that which was admirable in the one is now inadmissible in the other, and where that which made beauty and grace and sweet- ness creates now ugliness, folly, and disgust. 