a caulfield training notes ./- ' Tuesday. The weather was bitterly cold on Tuesday morning, tnd not such an attcndanco as might be expected, trainers wero later than usual in making a start. Tho trainer of Lsdy Ashton, who is generally the first to catch the early worm, gave the daughter of Panic three useful turns on the sand, Bonnie Lad, Carnarvon and Gsraldisc brushed over sis furlongs In good style, tho former having slightly the 'best of his companions at the finish. Eugenie and Upper Crust galloped half a mile in fair time, Mia Mia brushed over seven fur longs, the daughter of Tho Drummer finishing strong and well. Warfield put in nice striding work on tho grass ; this horse will win a good race ero long. Am bassadress slipped over flvo furlongs In good tJme, Tho Ohost, who has disappointed his trainer on tho last two or three occasions, ran a very fast round on tho sand, the son of liamlet having the assistant of Gorry. Young Horatio covered nine furlongs for useful work. Pocahontas and Umberto were striding along on tho grass. Townley did his portion on tho sand. Hazard, a new addition to Batty's string, was doing walking exercise; he looks remarkably well siuce his sojourn In the paddock. Western accompanied Bon Bolt over the first mile In two, the Cup liorso going strong and well, Tho former eased off after finishing IDs tusk, and Al lowed Lando to go on with the son of Kewbold to the homo turn, when he ran luto a hurdle and got rid of his rider, who luckily escaped serious Injur), Whitebait worked on the grass. The Sussex colt went long strid ing work on the ten. Delamia, looking plnlc, was brushing along on the ten. Carnival ran flvo furlongs for useful work. Glentwortli and Lady Lovell, the Maribyrnong Plate candidates, left five furlongs behind tliera on the grass; this pair arc very forward. Fha'bc Walton put- In sharp exercise ou the tan. Preston has been treated to a spell. Kohal, who Iiab joined Foulaham's string, was en the tan doing serviceable work, as were Ids com panions Maradon, Chicago, Faithful and Gentility, liighlnnd Chief and Blondin circled tlio grass for a ronnd at a useful working pace. The Wave spirted, Ids stable companion Epicurian, who Is furnishing into a nice horse, bowled along on the tan ; Isabel and Alexandria went medium pace work. SiJvcrmlne, who ecms to look better every day, finished a good sand gallop over two miles, the son of Napoleon finishing well. Caddy, Empress, Crane and Grace Darling were on tho course but, did no watch breaking. Old Chuckster, Who usually acts as schoolmaster to his friend Ben Bolt, cantered on the ton. There was a host of others work ing, but owing to tho threatening aspect of the weather ' trainers finished early. The Bohemian and New York did not put in An appearance up to the time of my writing. Thursday. v The weather on Thursday morning turned out rather cold. There was a fair number of horses on the course, but H was 6 o'clock before a start was mado. Beckwlth and Master John went 4 furlongs on!the grass for useful Work. Kenneth cantered. Louisa Berta and Geraldtne ran a useful mile, the formsr having a long way the . best of it at the finish, Little John wac despatched for a good sound working gallop over 2 miles, King .of the West and Jim Cain assisting the Cup hono' tho la»t mile, which was covered in. fair time. Patience and Cricket went healthy exercise on the tan,' Jack was striding along at balf pace. Grccnlua Esnrlus was given a pipe-opener on the grass. Newmaster ran a merry round on tho course proper. Gasburncr, who picked blm up the last f mile was rather slow In getting away, and allowed his companion to finish in front. Eugene circled a fast round on the sand. Bonnie Lad cantered. Carnarvon and Isabel ran from the mile to the half-mile, the pair moving free and well. Grace Darling started from opposite the winning post on tho courso proper and brushed along In company with Empress to the mile, when Gadfly ran home with tho Cup marc and beat her easily. Epicurean and The Wave were extended over o furlongs. Land Shark was given a turn over the schooling hnnllcs. performing fairly well. Warfield slipped over 5 furlongs. Anarchy bowled along on the gross ; this marc is beginning to look well and should bo About over short distances. Albanns and First Pop covered a useful mile, tho latter having her companion in difficulties at the end of the journey. Goodwood put Jn thrco rounds on the tan at naif pace. The Sussex colt went long useful work on the tan. Ambassadress ran a fast half mile. Bride groom and RcTengc moved along quietly. Alexandra and Phoele Walton worked on the tan. Ben Bolt per formed a satisfactory working gallop on the grass, Lnndo assisting him the last mile; the Cup horse, who ran the last round in respectable time, looks fresh and well, and wlU strip very fit on Tuesday next. White bait did medium pace work. SHvermino and Bonnie Doon completed two turns on tho grass in a workmanlike manner, the pair going es pecially well. Kohal went lmlf pace exercise. Camerine and Daystor covered a round on tho grass at a useful working pace, the former seeming to go in her old style. Pocahontas jumped off for a mile spin, Um berto joining her 5 furlongs from home. The mare soon had her stablo companion in trouble, and beat him easily at the finish. Mia Mia and Dougalston were ex ercised over 6 furlongs. Townley, with Batty up, went twice round on the inner circle for good strong work. Dexter and Meerschaum covered 7 furlongs In gocd time. Crown Brand ran a useful round 00 the grass. Berkley, Cndiand and Footman broke off from the mile, the first named pair accompanying tho Irardlc racer to the distance, where they eased off and allowed him to finish alone. The Ghost brushed along for a couple of furlongs. Hazard was doing mild exercise. Mustang, Sea Breeze, Moonlight nnd Jack Roach, who arrived yesterday from GJppsland, were doing good useful work on the grass and tan. Carnival and Nectarine ran a fast 4 furlongs. The Crane and Hot Iron cantered, as did the 2-ycar-olds Llthologist, Golden Fleeco and the Dag- mar colt. Chicago and Faithful put in medium work, moving along from the half mile. After breakfast Glenworth cantered ; Mistake did similar exercise. Lady Markic and another ran home from the 4 furlongs. Boreas spirted 3 furlongs. Mr. Krushkas horses Clarendon, St. Albert, Maori Chief and Young Horatio left on Friday for Tas- maula lu charge of their trainer, M. Doyle. 