I DIRECTED attention last week to the splendid responses Mi 1 . Thomas Haydon liad received to each itoiu oil liis bill of fare to be discuBBed at Elsternwick Park on Siiturdav next, the 2Sth inst. The handicapper appears to lntvu put the various contestants pretty much on a muchness, and therefore it only requires fine weather to make tlie day pass as pleasantly as at the last merry meeting. ]]K was only a Common Bookmaker, and a very fair specimen of the fraternity at that—neither better nor worse than the rest of the Tritons of the King, bast Tuesday morning we were talking on the training, track about the chicanery of the Turf, when he burst fortli with—" And who is to blauie if it comes to a case of dog bite dog? What does a race like the Balaclava Stakes meau, with its 'entry one sov., and no acceptance?' Wliv. simply, twenty-four horses starting, and not six "of them spinning. And the public crv out — ' Look at the odds you offer us—5 to 1 against Pocahontas iu a field of twenty- four I' But, as I said before, there was no two dozen in it—there wasn't half- a-dozen backed for money; and of course the good thing came off." And who are the people that do these things? Who is it rakes down with their Grace Darlings and Ghosts, and are waitiug to rake us down again with their Millstreams and Bohemians ? Why, gentlemen, forsooth. And the sporting press crack up the very races by which these people throw dust in the eyes of the handicapper. Had the Balaclava Stakes been 1 sov. entry and 2 sovs. acceptance, there mightn't have been so many starters, but there would have been more on the 30b, and as a consequence, better odds obtainable, because the chances are, things would have turned out differently." And as the irate Bookmaker concluded his powerful, but withal truthful, bit of special pleading, I came to the conclusion that it was a thousand pities the Victorian Racing Calendar did not contain a tabulated list of all " the gentlemen who race for more than sport." THEY were both men of the world'— that's of the racing world—and they were discussing the merits of two brothers, both jockeys, who reside near the " classic heath." At length the argument was concluded by the First llobber ejaculating with a meaning look, " Well, you can say what you like, but give me the eldest—)w's the strongest." A JOCKEY'S life is not a happy one. I am sure To;n Saunders will quite bear me out in that. He was tiiid up for two months last Saturday for disobeying the starter's orders—a charge about as elastic as the most querulous old man could desire. For instance, supposing that a starter was to burst out swearing and cursing at the boys when lining up for the «tart, and one of them was to make the slightest demur thereto, down he would go on the list. And woe betide him for ever after. If lie attempted to get - well away he would bo fined, and if he attempted to play 'possum he would likewise drop iu for it. THERE is a good yarn aimxt a celebrated bookmaker now enjoying himself in England, who had a pet jockey whom a certain starter was in the habit of fining. Puzzled at the persistent manner in which the lad was mulct, he stationed himself at the starting-post on two or three occasions, but with no better result—the boy was sure to be copped for something or other. At last he interviewed the wielder of the flag, and inquired how irwas that liis lad was continually being punished,, adding, " The money has to come out of my pocket, and I don't like it." " Oh," replied His Serene Highness, " I have nothing to say againBt the lad; but why does he look so (sanguinary) sour when he comes down to the start ?" THAT a starter should have a strong control over the jockeys goes without saying; but the greatest of care should be taken that injustice should not be done; a thing that might easily come to pass were a man to officiate as starter who had himself been disqualified for twelve months for malpractices when wielding the flag. On dit that Duulop has passed into the hands of Mr. Donovan, mine hoBt of the Pastoral Hotel, Newmarket. Dunlop is stated to be en route from Sydney nut a leg," in which case he is not likely to be served up quite so warm—that is for a time—as hot coffee. BETTING was rather spirited last Monday. Volcano was in great demand for the V.ll.C. Derby at 10 to 1, Ben Bolt was backed for the Caulfield Cup to win about 415,000. For the Melbourne Cup 1000 to 40 was taken about Malua, and 1000 to 35 about Ben Bolt. DESPITE the heavy going on Saturday, Game, carrying 12ut. 121b., won the Caulfield Grand National bteeplechase in the fastest time yet achieved—namely, 5mm.33sec.—12sec. faster than Left Bower won with in 1882, carrying list 121b. MY memory cannot parallel such a vast assemb- ' a Sc at a football match as congregated together last Saturday on the South Melbourne Cricket Ground to witness the contest between Carlton and South Mel- The previous match having resulted in a draw, tb Ji e dark blues having shown improved form of late, tue supporters of Carlton were quietly sanguine that m woul if rt < * prove victorious; whilst the supporters (1, ( ?, l ed aud white .looked upon it as such a good thing freely laid 6 to 4 on the result. The recent raintall had made the trysting ground rather heavy and hi PPery so that a first-class exposition of the game was , o1 we question; nevertheless during the whole of we Hour and fifty minutes the game lasted it was fought wim dogged determination on both sides in the presence 01 some 18,000 spectators. At the outset the Carlton r n.? rs forced ^e game, and quickly invested the oouttieriier's quarters most menacingly; but their for- " were wretchedly deficient in goal kicking, and ijouvjtiifltanding several shots were remarkably Wofi" uothin S but behinds wore scored. Then South nm-r changed the venue, and repeated the ponormance, shot after shot being tried unsuccessfully. ruv.o!?' 1 Graves and Roy each proved equal to tbe " and when the half-time bell sounded the tnn J 5 flood-South Melbourne, 2 goals 6 behinds; CarlohhH. 3 .? bludBl On resuming South Melbouusa quickly rw • goal, which seemed to put the a third hrii i?5I ans , thoroughly on their mettle, and some Khn,,i.i pla y ' in which Baker towered head and nlaVi, i? contestants, resulted in Berry 0V6r a11 u S g 110 their'credit. Not to be denied, the local eainSw? 1 °? e lnore assumed the aggressive, and Minchin IhTi-n ? lr f ourth goal, which was quickly followed by Cnri, . 0 throughout played most sturdily—scoring the no 6 8econd goal. On starting the fourth quarter Carlt n stood—South Melbourne, 4 goals 9 behinds ; (or ' goals 7 behinds. Then ensued a fine struggle attai2 ^y* the Northerners making attack after etriWn °" thQ Southern citadel, only to be rewarded by red J posts or scoring a behind; whilst the satiefn J-• wlute > fortunate by far, had the m o r e Bhow M n of Eeeiu e Bushell secure the only poBBible tini' J, y had. It wanted seventeen minutes of Me]L„,. Berry piloted the ball through the South infl m.r J 2 epal-posts, but the result of the game was not I bour?.« e t h ?rein, the final tally being:—South Mel- ! TakianniP? 1 . 8 9 bel iinds; Carlton, 3 goals 12 behinds. b a " things into consideration the game was con- tested m a very manly way, and albeit the central umpire, J. Shaw, interpreted the rule for punishing kicking out of bounds rather too strictly, there was a fairness and impartiality about his decisions which disarmed criticism. The result places Carlton clean out of the hunt for the premiership, they having suffered defeat on three occasions, whilst South Melbourne and Geelong are each "hunbought and liundefeated." Greek meets Greek on Saturday week, the 4th September, on the South Melbourne ground, and with a fair field and no favour may the best men win -the betting at the present time being 2 to 1 on the South Melbourne men. THE enormous crush iu the South Melbourne Cricket Ground on Saturday swept away the fencing round the ground in places ; but the three troopers sent to do duty were enabled to keep the surging mass tolerably in check, although, had the game been a little closer they would not have been of the slightest utility. IT certainly requires some light thrown upon the reason why only three mounted troopers could be spared to control close upon 20,000 people at a football match, where everything was fair aud above board; whilst at a catchpenny race meeting like that held at Caulfield, where roping and ramping is the rule and not the exception, a posse of the force were despatch ed to do that which could be as effectively done by simply ringing a hand-bell —to wit, clearing the straight running prior to each race THE "pad." at South Melbourne was a tight fit on Saturday. Once wedged in you couldn't budge an the milk of human kindness resumed its flow once more, and he roared him (to use Nick Bottom's words) as gently as a sucking dove. But it was ever thus; Latchey's bark was a great deal worse than his bite—though he could do the latter, too, when necessary. 'TWAS in the gloaming that two burly forms were wending their way down Clarendon-street after the great football match. One was an ex-captain of the Carlton Football Club, the other an Ink-slinger. " I tell you what it is," said the latter; "the Carlton men lost the match to-day through bad generalship in playing too much on the wing instead of down the centre. They're not within coo-ey of the South Melbourne in the wing play." "That may have had something to do with it," responded his companion;" but what cruelled us was our back men. Theyseemed to play without the slightest judgment. Ah I if we had only three men like Billy Moonie, Tom Kendall and Harry Guy as back men they wouldn't have got any five goals against us to-day." Aud the thought thereof, like a poisonous mineral, seemed to gnaw into their entrails, for they forthwith disappeared into an adjacent pub. aud published a colonial edition of " Comin' through the Bye" by each punishing a whisky. THERE'S one thing you must give the South Melbourne barracker credit for, ana that is—he is thorough. The district, and nothing but the district, is UiB motto. And the same spirit permeates through tho whole of the inhabitants of Emerald Hill. Even in the Press box last Saturday it was apparent; for tho representative of the hundred-eyed organ, though strictly impartial, was most decidedly not neutral. RESULTS of Saturday's football matches:— Geelong, 8 goals 18 behinds; Williamstown, 2 goals 3 behinds; played at Geelong. Port Melbourne, 2 goals 9 behinds ; Hotliam, 2 goals 4 behinds; played at Port Melbourne. Essendon, 5 goals 9 behinds; Richmond 1 goal 10 behinds; played at Bichmond. Melbourne, G goals 5 behinds; University, 0 behinds; played on the Friendly Societies' Ground. Fitzroy, 9 goals 13 behinds ; St. Kilda, 1 goal 4 behinds ; played at Fitzroy. Prahran, 5 goals 11 behinds ; Footscvay,4 goals 7 behinds; played on the Warehouseman's Ground. South Ballarat, 2 goals; Ballarat, 1 goal; played at Ballarat. AT Adelaide, the Adelaide Club won the premiership of the colony by defeating Norwood by 6 goals 1 behinds to 9 behinds. AT Sydney, the match West Sydney against Warata.li en ded in a draw. The crack New South Wales club, tlie Sydney, defeated East Sydney. TnEV say that one swallow does not make a summer; but what I should like to know is what one Swallow makes a winter out of pedestrian contests. He always backs bis fancy, aud that pretty stiffly, too, at times; that same fancy generally turning out the correct pea. Out with tho jew's-harp, Bridget, and let's strike up " Where is fancy bred " (without an a, Mr. Printer, as you love me). IT is almost a pity that the various committees who rule the destinies of our Hurlingham and Flemington handicaps should be so very straight-laced as "to put down with a firm hand any attempt at suspicious running or fraud" (vi<U daily papers;. Because, if they were not so, what a liice little" thing could be brought off on some track not a long gourney from Melbourne by trying a regular snifter good enough to win on the 10 yard? mai*k, forgetting to hand his name in with tho others to the handicapper, aud theu clapping him down at 15 yards. Of course, it would be advisable to have tho starter iu the swim, for fear some other dark 'un, perhaps an aboriginal [goak], might u pset the good thing. Properly worked thoro is, or was, beforo this exposition, money iu tho affair, as it's G to 4 that when all was over the leading sporting journal would only describe it as a clever coup—albeit scoop would be a great deal more appropriate. As a Sheffield friend of mine was wont to observe in his broad dialect, " It's quwyatt (of course he meant quite) as good a thing as thee could wish to have, lad." OLYMPUS. IT was the intention of the Normanby B. and T. C. to have held a race meeting upon the 27th November, and it was decided that the Melbourne Cricket Ground should be chosen. It has, however, been discovered that that place is engaged upon that date, and, therefore, the intention has been given up for the present. TnE close approach of spring has galvanised the Normanby B. and T. C. into life, and they will commence the wheeling season on the 4th September, when the members will ride to Alphington, a place which has so much attraction for the cyclist. Upon the following Saturday the club will visit Keilor, and upon the 18th of tho month they will take train to Lilydale, and thence wheel to Healesvillc, whilst on the 25th September they will make Broadmeadows their destination, journeying to that place via Pascoe Vale. THE air in the British cycling world is filled with championships and by every mail wo hear of the results of the various events. The latest contest was the Five Miles Tricycle Championship. This event was run off upon the Hampden Park track, Glasgow, on Saturday, the 3rd-ultimo, and the cream of the racing contingent made great efforts to win the coveted laurels. JP. W. Allard, P. Furnivall, and G. Gatehouse, the last'named being the fastest loser, were in the final heat, and it resulted iu a win in the order named. Allard won by about G yards, and Gatehouse was about the same distance behind the Beretta boy at the finish. Times: 1st mile, 4 min. 19 two-fifths sec.; 2nd mile, 8 min. 34 four-fiftliB sec.; 3rd mile, 13 min. 9 four-fifths sec.; 4th mile, 17 min. one-fifth sec.; 5th mile, 20 min. 42 twofifths sec. The previous winners were, 1882:—C. E. Iules 19 min. 39 two-fifths sec.; 1884, C. E. Liles, 17 min. 30 onefifth sec.; 1835, It. Cripps, 1G inin. 53 one-fifth sec. The record for the distance, 10 min. 19 sec., is held by M. J. Lowndes. RECORD breaking is all the rage in Bnglaftd. At this Lewisham Baces at Crystal Palace on the 4th ult. H. A. Speechly, of the ltanleigh Harriers, rode in a throe mile invitation race, and in that event covered the one mile and three mile distances in 2m. 34 4-5sec. and 8111. 20 l-5sec., respectively. Five watches timed him, so that there can be no doubt as to the accuracy of tbe time; aud the winner receives a gold medal as his reward for official record breaking. THE truth of the old sporting phrase, "It is never won until the numbers are up," was never better exemplified than at the race meeting at Svdney last Saturday week. A fortnight ago Dwyer was looked upon as tho certain winner of the New South Wales championship. In fact, his-victory was BO looked upon as a foregone conclusion that several of our racing men declined to visit Sydney to play second fiddle to him. However, Voltaire's words, " the unexpected most often happens,' proved once more correct, for Dwyer, instead of riding in an easy winner, has to content himself with being an unwilling spectator. The cause of this was a fall which he sustained whilst training a few days prior to tho meeting. On Wednesday afternoon, the lltn August, ho was covering a fast five miles upon the Association Ground, Sydney, in company with Mr. A. 13. Browne, wheu, whilst spurting, lie rode over a slight obstacle upon the track and was thrown heavily, and is said to have split tbe cap of his left shoulder. His iu juries were at once attended to, but it is expected that some time will elapse before he will bo able to make his re-appoarauce upon the path. THE Sandhurst C.C. lias for some time past suffered from tbe waut of an experienced bugler. A Mr. Goode lias "boon elected to the post, and the members of the club have resumed their usual geniality of expression. A local paper, in mentioning the fact, savs " thoro will now be no cause for complaint." AVe suppose not, except it bo from those residing within a mile radius of Mr. Goode's dwelling. THOMAS STEVENS, the all-round-the-world cyclist, has been turned back by the Afghans aud sent back to Constantinople. He will now have to make a circuit of about 6000 miles in order to overcome a wretched little strip of 300 miles or thereabouts between Furrahand the free roads of India. He is in splendid health, and the only thing troubling liim are his rubber tyres. He iB thinking of making substitutes out of cow-hide. 