NOTES. P?o? au ge with heading of nuts or seed. ir muck usot. Erown plush dresses are trimmed with copser andred gold gsilom? co abra , with buottom to correspon4, are uneed on tailor-made dresses, Turkish jackets are profusely embroidered with arabeqes of gold braid and cord. Green sd olden brown are preferred to blue in smooth cloth tailor-made dresses. When braid is used on cloth dresses it must not be the exact shade of the material. Metal clasps are superseding brooches for fastening thIe high collars that are so much worn. Amongst new novelties are hats covered entirely with small, feathers, like the breast of a bird. Fringes of plush and worsted material combined are used with silk or plush uphol stery goods. The newest evening wraps are long. enough to corer the entire figure and some of- them are marvels of beauty. Feathers are more worn than ever ;huge aigrettes, with spreading-plumes, looping up the draperies of evening gowns, and matching those on the bodice and in the hair. To be doing good for someone else is the life of most good women. They are exuber ant in kindness, as it were, and must impart it to someone. Irish peasant women are achieving a worthy reputation for artistic needlework. Upon homespun linen they make the most beautiful articles. Vineland, New Jersey, has a smart women who lives on 4d. a day. All the rest of her earnings she saves up, and does not invest it in heart-breaking bonnets. It is said it is no longer the style for girls to learn to play on the banjo, frsm which a critic infers that they now play on that in strument without learning. If Thomas Jefferson's ghost reads the news papers it will be proud to learn that four maids of honour of the Queen of Italy are beautiful American women, says a Southern editor. Tender feet may be cured by dissolving one pound of Titman's sea salt in one gallon of spring water, and by soaking or bathing the feet therein about five minutes night and morning For walking dresses jacket bodices are not very long, but they fit the figure closely. and are generally without buttons. The upper part is of different material which is plaited, and produces the effect of a demi gtumpe. Cashmere dresses for little children have full skirts and plain waists and triangular pieces of velvet set in the front, and are worn. over guimpes. A cashmere or fine flannel enderwaist may be worn even by delicate children. The newest evening bodices all have basques with one or three points back and front. They are castelled or cut out in points round time shoulders, sometimes edged with heads and have folded tulle or lihse neat the skin to soften the effect. Tihe able Boston Globe lhas an article entitled "The Woman's Hour" We violate no confidence in explaining the woman's hour consists of a whole day seven times every week. The handoomest woman in Italy is said to be neirly seven feet tall. She probably seemsu handsome to mortals of ordinary length. It is a case where distance lends enohantment to the view. When a Boston girl goes to New Yori, notes the Sonmrville (Massachusetts) Journal, the natives have acres of fun trying to get her to say "She followed the calf down the path about a mile and a-half. Ladies who wear gloves of medium or light colours are cautioned against the use of umbrellas with silver handles, as they will seriously blacken the inside of the glove, and it is quite impossible to remove the stain. Half doen Washington girls have under taken to make the society belles of the national capital carry black canes with crooked heads of hammered silver, but it is not yet quite certain whether there is to be a oraze or not. The Jersey man who unearthed an old statute law which makes it a crime punish able with fine and imprisonment for a woman to lead a man into marriage by the use of false hair, false teeth, or other false charms, may have done a good work but it will never make him popular. 