Public School Concerts. Never in our recollection do we know of two more successful concerts than those carried out on Friday and Saturday evenings Iast, by the teachers and scholars of the Penrith Public School assisted by a few friends. For some considerable time, Mr. J. H. Smith and his able assistants have had the children under a course of instruction for these con- certs, and so well were they trained that not a single hitch occurred as far as the concerts were concerned during the both nights. True a good deal of disturbance took place at times on the first night, but when it is considered the crowd of people there, the altogether inadequate size of the hall and the difficulty of getting at the unruly ones this is not to be wondered at. Penrith wants a new hall, and this was plainly to be seen on Friday night, and should at once have, induced any who were pre- viously in doubt about the matter, to rush at once for shares in the New Forester's Hall. But to the concerts themselves. On the first night Mr. Samuel Jackson occupied the chair, the string band of the Penrith Amateur Minstrels being an orchestra on both occasions. Mr. Jackson had quite a lively time of it in keeping the audience in order, and the band did noble service. On the second.night Mr. T. R. Smith, M.L.A., occupied the chair, there was not on that occasion any disturbance whatever, not that Mr.Smith did any better than Mr. Jackson, but the audience were not so crowned and were consc- quently easily get-at-able. Prior to the commence- ment of the second night's concert, Mr. T. R. Smith handed to Mr. J. H. Smith, headmaster, a cheque of two guineas, a donation towards the prize fund. The programme on Friday night was a lengthy and varied one. "Advance Australia Fair," by the pupils, was well rendered; "Duel scene from the Rivals," by Masters Kennedy and Newell, was, for two mere lads, splendidly rendered, young Newell being particularly good. "Gates of the West," by Miss Cahiil, was very good indeed, although at first the lady appeared to be very nervous. "Will he make a Schoolmaster," by Master G. Colless and boys, was well done. A violin solo by Miss M. Ashbury, was perfectly rendered. A marching song by the Cadets followed, and was done to perfection. A recitation by Master J. Tipping, "Lord Tennyson's Ode composed for the Indian and Colonial Exhibi- tion," was very good indeed. A vocal trio "Distant Chimes," by Misses Hooper, Cahiil and Upton, was splendidly done, the blending of the different voices being in perfect harmony. A dialogue, "Scene from the Honeymoon," in which Miss I. Willis and Master J. W. Hobbs took part, was a perfect piece of acting, and the elocution all that could be desired. Mr. Cadden sang "The Smuggler" in his usual good style. Chorus "Summer Days." by the pupils, was fairly rendered. "The Penrith Ghost," by Master Harry Evans, was well done. Miss Upton's song, which followed, was perfectly rendered. "Where there's a Will there's a Way," a dialogue, in which Masters Glasscock, Jones and Newell took part, was well done. "The Flower Girl," sang by Misses L. Lennox, A. Colless, A. Randall, A. Squires, F. McLachlan, A. Colless. A. Baker and A. Hockey, was a perfect gem, and more than one verse had to be repeated. "The Maid and the Magpie," by Mr. McDiarmid fairly brought down the house. After in interval of ten minutes the drama "The Organ Grinder" commenced, and this was certainly the best piece of acting for children we ever recollect seeing. Miss M. Kellett, as Mrs. Haynes, acted her part to life. Misses McLachlan, Randall, and A. Hall as Farmer Haynes' three children, were perfect. Miss F. Cleeve as Mrs, Ross, was certainly the gem of the lot, her dress, action, and elocution being perfect. Miss A. Upton as Priscy, was a perfect little vixen, and to say that she did her part well would be scarcely sufficient, she was also a gem. Master Werner in the dual character of the Old Man, and Major Brown, was perfection itself, as was Master Laing as Farmer Haynes. The farce "Patsy Bolliver," in which the only "Gossy" and J. Kavanagh sustained the leading characters fairly convulsed the audience. The programme for Satur day evening was equally varied, and each item per- fectly rendered. An addition was made "The Flower Girl," by special request. The programme for the first night did not conclude till nearly mid- night, but on the second night all was over at the usual hour. Space will not permit of us giving a detailed account of the second night's concert, and the report of the flrst is necessarily contracted as well. , 