=i—- Amtia ©aaemta— -— ' V;^A'#ELL';DRXMATic',qC).;; 'L I '? True exponents, of Shakcsperian tragedy are,j unfortunatoly-.j'onjj'.^oo-.ravej.! ,'The' /aspirant to' drainatic , ,fauie' has ' now 'to' 'devote the ,. . greater'. 'portion of hi8,time to the delineation, of ^liaraoters in tlie'inddern sensational drain as' wliioli 'areprodiiced..to Hiiif. - +,ViA-/ 'Ttnnnln.r fn.qtA.- Pmm .'HP-li* ^Squatter' to ,ff Hamlet*', is a ;great leap,j !but the change to the' latter' at the Academy on Wednesday ^night was an agree able one, and the stalls and pit 'were well filled by an apprepiativ,e audience, though, 'it '.was,-', disappointing . to; see the, .dress circle so sparingly patronised., .Considering 'that the company was ' not 'got' together Vith the special' object.' of producing^ 'Shakesperian plays, a great allowance had' to be made; for the general ,', performances The staging of' , the piece, however, as well as;the ? dressing .of fthe; characters, was not.up. to expecfetiohs. . , MrirDarrell ?has previously, given proof of his ability as ?an actor, jbut last night,' as the Prince' of 'Denmark, he agreeably surprised his ad ;mirers. ! His conception '? of the character, was excellent, and his rendering of ithe 'lines denoted' great study and close ^application;1' ?-? His1 delivery of the 'famous soliloquy was 'somewhat ' differont in1 style to wnac we are generally accustomed, but - it ? waB ? given with good effect: There was no stagynoES: exhibited by Mr. -Darrellj his natural bearing being specially marked. In several scenes his acting was poworf nli but -was 'marred in many cases by the feebleness of his supporters. Miss Annie :Mayor: was -fairly successful : ' as : Ophelia, though at first she did not show 'to, 'greats advantage.. /Mr. J'. P. /-West, 'as the King, did his part well, -but it; is ' evident;' that, '('Mr..' Forbes,: who impersonated Hamlet's friend, Horatio,1 , is' more , ati home- in. the role of a masher. Mr. Oily Deering was seen to advantage as;P,61oniusyand',was!perfectly happy as;the first gravedigger, a part which' exactly suited hiu].,'1 Mr. H. . Jerdan, as Laertes;' did fairly, well,' but .thetGhost. of Mr. Bayner was not in accordance with our idea, of how it .snould be. played. ' Rosen-' crantz and Guildenstern ? were indifferently represented. ? Miss Mabel Tracey/-, was en trusted with a diuiculfc -character as the Queen, but did her best to make; it'siiccess ful. ,. Oa:'.' the '.whole ithe perform-,' ance was' an enjoyable one. ' '?,-.?'???'. -.' The patrons of the Academy of Music i cannot complain of ? lackl of variety in the ?programmes provided by the! above com pany. Dramas of a sensational, tragic, and emotional character, ih'avd \ been .produced,1 and- on Thursday the ever popular ' Bast JLynne' was put upon the boards, and a i good audience1 assembled to witness the 1 representation, though the attendance1 would-probably have been improved but |f»r the intense cold experienced : in the theatre., Under1 the. present conditions many ipeople prefer to stay! at , home! ' The , performance was a successful one through out; and the various emotional scenes with which the play abouhdsi were enacted in a manner which ri vetted 'the attention and called forth the 'applause of the; audience; It is unusual for Mr. Darrell to assume the character of the villain, the hero generally being 'his.-roZe, but last -night he gave .anotherproor or ms versatility oy imper sonating that contemptible ; scoiindrel, Sir Francis Levison, arid,. as; usual in -all the parts he essays, acted ' carefully and f-wellJ In .his , endeavour , to -. induce Lady, .Isabel ' to ' ' leave her ' 'home, ' and subsequently , when , he , receives his emige from 'her/lie' was highly successful. Miss Annie Mayor had ample Bcope for displaying her powers in the part- of Lady Isabel, and sheavailed herself , of .the op portunity to the fullest :extent, appearing to! greater advantage than we . have pre viously seen her.' Her 'acting was power ful and not overdone, i She was specially sucoessful in the scene when she deter-; mines to have nothing further , to do with 'Sir, Francis, Levison, and also when as Madame Vine she returns, to her .former home. Miss Mabel Tracey was highly amusing, as Cornelia i Carlyle, and;; her make-up was excellent. Mr. Jerdan acquitted himself well as .., Archibald Carlyle, and Mr. Oily Deering, as Lawyer ,Dillj did the little he had to do success fully. Miss Helen Mayor did her best as Barbara Hare, while, .the other characters were well attended to. ' ' - ?' The German Government, with a view; of obtaining trustworthy data concerning the rate of increase in the earth's tempera ture with the depth attained, is, according to Engineering, putting down a deep shaft near Sch'aladebach. The excavation is carried on by a diamond-tipped borer driven by water. At the beginning of 1885 the shaft had reached a depth of -l-G-lOft. The temperature at successive stages is ascertained by an instrument that serves as a special thermometer, the principle of construction being that, as the heat in creases, the mercury will expand so as to flow over the lipof a sufficiently short open tube in greater and greater quantities. The measurement of the differences of these overflows ,will: give the rate of in crease . of ' the temperature. It has been ascertained that the temperature at the depth of ?46'iOffc. was 130deg. Fahrenlieitl If the temperature increases regularly at this rate, the boiling p'oirit'of water ought to be reached at a depth of 10,000ft. ' What station do you call this ?' asked a man as he crawled out of the ruins of a cari': after a : recent railroad accident; ' Devastation,, sir/' replied his fellow-' passengers in chorus: . ? : ????? .; ?''?' i, A young lady sent in a poem entitled, ff I Cannot make' Him 'Smile,' to a news paper.- ;The editor ventures to express'the' opinion thatshe would'have succeeded had ie7Bhown hiimthe poem. , ; ? ; ' V ' :.t '' ? ' ' '[ '' ''.V.viil ?y.'.t.i'r.-ud .^-\e 