English and Foreign. The death is announced of the Maharajah Scindia of Gwalior. The death is announced of Sir Charles Trevelyan, at one time Minister of Finance for India. Queen Victoria has paid the bills for Princess Beatrice's wedding, amounting in all to £5,000. It is predicted that electrioity will finally enable ns to see friends wbo are distant as if face to face. There will be opened in Bejlra in May the first really extensive exhibition of modern British art ever held there. Lady Bilke has a volume of stories nearly 1 ready for the press. Sir Charles has coffered moch, and he is not disposed to be critical. Sohweizer, of Solotburb, Switzerland, has patented a steam velocipede, whioh attained a speed of about twelve miles and a bah an hoar. In 1950, it is asserted by court prophets, the entire Hon?e of Lirii will be oossed" by American heiresses, provided is lives &3 long. The counties of Armagh and Tyrone, ia the province of Ulster, have been proclaimed as coming under the oparation of the Irish Arms Act. The wife of Mr. T. Tyaok, ironmonger, of | Camborne West Cornwall, has given birth to two boys and a girl. The triplets lived only a short time. At the forthcoming elections the Conserva tive party will support eighty -two Liberal members who have declared in favour of maintaining tue Union. The divers who went out to the wreck of tbe Peninsular and Oriental steamer Indus have sacaeeded in recovering the whole of tbe specie and valuables, and over 200 baxes of indigo. Franz Anton Garstner, German engineer, laid down the first railway in Bhssia in 1834 8e was professor of geometry at Vienna, and ttndied railways in England and in North Amerioa. - At a special meeting of the Manchester School Board, estimates of expenditure for the current year were submitted, and it was resolved to issue a precept upon tbe City Coucoii for £36,000. The Chief constable of Greenock has issued an ictimarion warning thopkeepersthat trading on Sunday will render them liable to prosecu tion. Indulgence in outdoor games on Sunday is also prohibited. There is nothing new under the sun. Commercial travellers, called circi tores, were employed by certain Baman manu facturers and tradesmen to carry round and dispose of the goods they made. For throwing a large »ton through a plate- glass window at the New University Club, Ann M' Donald, a governess, was at the Middlesex Sessions sentenced to a month's imprisonment, without hard labour. Tbe principal commercial languages of the world are Englieh, spok"o by 100 000,000 people ; Russian, 60 009,000 ; , German, 50,000 000; Spanish, by 60 000.000.; Fret oh by 40.000 000, and Italian, by 28.000,000. The testimony of a woman before a Salt Like court the other day in a polygamy case was in substance that '" she didn't know whether her husband had another wife or not ; it wasn't of sufficient importance to talk about." J ... An explosion took place io a Madrid ohorch on Friday. Two persons were injared. and some of the images were destroyed The ex plosive substance had been plaofd by some unknown person in one of the candles before the altar. „ It is notified that the twenty-seventh annual prize meeting of the National Rifle Association will oommenoe at Wimbledon on | the 12th of July, and that offio;al sanction haB been given for the formation of the nasal camp there. Another collapse of a grain warehouse is reported from Preston, where, in the building occupied by a Mr. Tomlittson, a floor loaded with grain fslHato a passage, below. A horse and trap were buried, and the animal had to be destroyed, A Hungarian Market and General Eastern Bazaar is to be, opened on 28th June by Princess Beatrice, at WUlis's. Bioms, ""The market is to continue for three dsysj and will be in aid of the funds of the St. John Ambu late a Association; Lord Randolph Churchill < hae issurd a political manifesto. In which bs denounce .the boundless egotism and esuile vanity of Mr. Gladstone, and- exhorts the electors at Great Britain to overthrow the disaslroua A mnma teaeher named Derome Wood, of lwlmlbMxSW66t srrenr«i«reee-wee- tibaiged magiatrMhjVj« PU®® with criminal assault on one of his pupils, a girl under the age of thirteen. H remanded, bail being relased. _ The J ibilea anniversary of the accession of Her Majesty Queen Victoria to tbn throne w» by ohotdiea throaghoat the C-Hwi K'PfiW®; i At the jubilee service at St Paul a uatneiwl | 1 500 colooietB were present. It is generally expected that the approach ing elections will resnlt in a material strengthening of Mr Gladstone's party, and that a majority will be returned to the Hoqse of Commons pledged to support the Irish policy of the Liberal leader. The new Krupp gun, over 30ft, loog. weighing 70 tons, and throwing a shell of 7owt„ the heaviest fort fication gun hiriimrto ooostracted by Kropp. has arrived at Wilhelmabaven, where the forts ore gradually being armed with powerfnl gnus. The Prince of Wales visited Norwich on Batardsy. and, acoompanied by Mr. Caiman, M.P., and Sir E. Birkbeck, M P., inepeoted tbe arrangements in progress for the summer meeting of the Biytl Agricaltnral Society, whioh is to be held at Whittingbam# Orders have been given for the Boyal Anglesey Engineer Militia Regiment to be attached to tbe School of Military Engineer log at Chatham for the purpose of enabling tbe officers and men to be pat through a course of military engineering operations. At Hill FootBridge, Sheffield, a man named Miahael Archibald was searching in a heap of rabbisb for furnace tops which he intended to sell, when tbe bank under which he was workiog fell In and complete-y buried him. When extricated hefwas quite dead. The following is a summary of the prison statistics of Naw Zealand : — Papulation of colony, 340 393 males and, 236,124 females ; prisoners, 511 males and 78 females ; per centage upon the total population, "094, being a elight deorease on the previous year. Calder Abbey, Cumberland, is Undergoing restoration and several Interesting dis coveries have been made. The most remark able is that of a massive stone coffin, belong ing Io the twelfth or thirteenth osnturv, and cootaiumg the body of a man over 6ft. in length. Thirteen waggons of a goods train were thrown off the line on the Caledonian railway six miles north of Carlisle, in consequence of the breaking of an axle. Traffic was com- pie- e!y blocked for five hours, to the great inconvenience of excursionists travelling north and south. The principle of telescps was described hv Roger Bicon about 1259, and Leonard Digges, who died about 1573, is said to have arranged glasses so that he conld eee very distant objects. Galileo constructed tele scopes in 1609, and discovered Japlter'e satellites in 1610. At Vienna a woman keeping a cafe in one of the faubourgs applied at the office of the Prefeot of Police for authority to open a dancing saloon. On the request being refused, she drew a revolver and pointed it to her temple, bat the w jap on was snatched from her by a clerk. A Russian woman, who was under treat ment by M. Pasteur, has died from hydro phobia. She was bitteen b? a dog sometime ago, but did not eee M- Pisteur till a fortnight afterwards. M Pasteur says that the driay was the oaase of his treatment being unsuccessful. Toe Borneo tree toad has a slender body and broad, webbed feet that oan be spread oat to sot like a parachute, enabling the animal to leap from a tree top and float thrcQgh the air for a considerable distance like a flying sqairrel. Tbe Mjrcere Company have granted a dona-ion of £250 towards the Beaumont Trust Scheme for the establishment of a People's Palaci in tbe E "is' -end. The trustees only now require the sum of £10,600 to enable them to commence tbe undertaking in June next. Tbe subjoined note, written by Mrs. Bsrtlett, was handed to her counsel, Mr. Edwar i Clarke, Q.C., just before tbe clo?e of the trial ; " Monsieur, — I thank yon for all your efforts on my behalf. I appreciate them all, though I do not look at yon." Thbee species of birds lte the ostrich, which have not developed the ability to fly, but use their wings mainly to assiet in running or swimtn ng, have fl«t breasts, while the species m&ik; ri by great powrr of wing have developed a kee'-haped breast for a particular arrangement of tbe muscles. A Paris correspondent learns that M. Pas fear has received a telegram from Dr. Davidoff. of Smolensk, announcing that the wolf-bitten Russians who recently returned to their country arrived in oxcslient health and full of gratitude for the kind attention they had met with at the great savant's hands. Lord So leley has remitted to the tenants upon his Montgomeryshire estate 20 per oent. of their rents. The labourers and workmen upon , tbe estate who lately petitioned for sufficient allotments of land for the keep of a cow have just had their request practically aoceeded to, and have been busy dressing the land. Be'wcen tbe let aid the 17ffi of April the receipts into the Exchequer amounted to £5 160.077, exclcrivi of balances, as against £o 548 380 ia the corresponding period of last year. In the same period the expendi ture amounted to £6.814175, as serine £6.424,969, M The eo-oalled fairy rings in old Eagtish pastures, little circles of a brighter green, wiithin which it was supposed the fairies danced by night, are now known to result from the oatspreadiag .propagation of a particular mushroom, the fairy -ringed fungup, by which the ground is manured for a richer following vegetation. The value of gold imported into India aunng the first eleven months of the past fiaan-ial year was 26.914.747rs., and of that exported 3.222 59Srs , whiW the value of sdvor imported was 109 595,753., and cf that exported 7.708, 614rs. This leaves a balance of both metals in favour of imports hf 125,486,490m. number of isehes bad bear infiiaed. Tho punishment wasg yen fcr a riokni aeiaolt ! awarder. The quinquennial amemaeaU tbow . oonsidetable increase in the gross a&d; hhle vlue of London. The gro raise »t the previous quicquemuai tmaemaeat in 1880 was £4 176.477. It i now £4,510 754 being an increase of £334 277. Th« rateable value has increased from £3 54? 455 to £3,754 242, as addition of £211 537. ' A Great Barrier Island. John Cigrev master of the schooner Sovercisa of the Ssas shot a settler named Robert Taylor who objected to his paying his address +« His. Taylor. The mofdeid m» by Heniy Peon, the mate of the schooner while Caffrey fired three shots at Tayb;, alt which penetrated his brain, 'foe murderers then boarded a cutter and away. Most toads sod frogs produce their yemag from the egg, but in teveral instsas the progeny are brought forth alive Wasa the period of incubation has passed, \i£ vcocg toad breaks but ot his shell in the" saa manner that a chicken does. The special distinction between frogs and tosds i> is tbe excessive development of tbe hie da w in frogs. Mrs Maggie Van Oott, the New York evangelist, is now conducting a leriet of meetings in Denver. She says Iks; d-ring tbe past seven years ehe has delivsrei 1. 975 sermons, conducted 5 094 meetings, »p£ot 8,446 hoars in churches, writien SI?3 religion letters, broughs 12,667 seekers to the altar, travelled 71,270 miiep, r roe: red 4 330 converts on probation, and baptised 1 086 persons. Ciosely following the death of M&jor; Miller, who was adjutant of the Greys" i\ BalskUva, tbe deaib of another Balakltva man is announced — fz , General Sir H. D. White, K C.B , colonel of the 6;h (Irnis- kii 9 ngj Dragoons. At BalakLva he led his regiment, whioh was in the first line, and his helmet was cle'fc by & Russian ssbrs. He Qret joined the army as cornet in the Innis- killings in 1838. Sir Henry Morgan Vane, secretary to the Charity Commissioners since 1853, died recently at his house in Eiton phee. He was the son of the late Mr. John Henry Vane, and was born 29th November, I SOS called to the Bar &t; the Inner Temple io 1813, and crested a Knight Bachelor in 1833 Sir Henry was heir presumptive to the Barony of Barnard. The question of armicg tbe mercantile marine is answered by the statement that tbe Admiralty will, on the reqaieitioa of a shipowner or commander, pat gan and small arms, with ammunition, on board any suitable vessel, provided that a certain pro portion of her officers and crew belong to the Boyal Naval Reserve, and an undertaking is given that the men will be regularly exercised at quarters. For years the French officers' necks have been held stiff as if in a vice by the horrid black leather garroting stock tbey call tbe Col- careart, It has now been abolished by order of General Boulanger. His power is not over the whole of the French army, but the acceptance, for one section, it is calculated, means its necessary acceptanca for tbe whole army ere long. The Greeks believed that those who had not received funeral rites would be eic'uded from Elysium ; and thus the wandering shads of Pafcroclns appears to Achillea in hia sleep and demands the performance cf hie funeral. The younger Piiny tells the atsry of a haunted hoase in Athens, in which a ghost played all kinds of pranke, owing to his funeral rites being neglected. Sareh Evans, a married woman, has been eomaiit:ed for trial by the M«lborough street magistrate on a charge of having obtained, by means of false pretence, over £8 from tbe Heart of Oak Benefit Society. Her husband was anable to read and write. It was alleged that hia wife bad. by ma®a 0 forged signatures, led tbe society to believe he was ill, and by this means obtainea payments to the amounts mentioned. The Cologne Gazette announce a caseof almost unexampled fraitfuiness iu tbe faau.y of a Bhioelander named Navsack, residing a Niehl. Within eleven months the wife at Herr NavBack has twice presented him wi an addition to the family, consisting ea time of a trio of infants. The mother a six youngsters are thriving as well as ®a0 expected in tbe cottage of a poor dy latnh 4 