New Guinea. THE Port Moresby correspondent of the S. M. Herald, writing on 6th March, says:— "For the last six weeks this has been a most melancholy place. The sickness among the natives has increased rather than diminished. Upwards of forty deaths have occurred in Port Moresby alope, and some of the natives are now lying hopelessly ill. It is a chest disease, and, to a non-professional, has all the appearance and symptoms of pleurisy. There is also a good deal of remittent fever about. The sanitary condition of the village is of course bad; but then it is always so. There is nothing ex ceptionally offensive, and no decaying animal or vegetable refuse. Large quantities of damp fermenting sago in the houses have probably more to do with the sick ness. Whatever be the cause, no such mortality has been known since the epidemic of smallpox which raged about eighteen or twenty years ago. In several cases husband and wife have both died within a few hours of each other. In some families tho mortality has been very great. It has been confined to adults—the strongest and finest physiques have suffered most. The natives are quite dazed and bewildered. They are too frightened to wail over the dead. A shallow grave is hastily made, and in silence the dead body is buried aa soon as the breath is out of it. All burials here are made in the street, just opposite tho house which the deceased formerly occupied. These numerous shallow graves in the midst of the living are another source of disease. Want of food has aggravated the sickness. Many lives have been saved by the rico which the mission has daily distributed to those most needing it. The ong drought has been fol lowed by copious rain; but it has come too late to save the bananas, which the people depend on for this time of year. The look-out for the future is not bright as regards food. The gar dens are neglected and unvisited. Fear of vata-vata (Anglied, ghosts) keeps the people who are well from crossing the hills to look after the gardens. No man will venture out in broad daylight without his bows and arrows, and as to going out after dark, why, he would never expect to return. Port Moresby has been the greatest sufferer from the epidemic, but news is coming in of sickness and death from other villages, and there is reason to fear that it will travel all along the coast." 