PI'UBLICA 7TIONS RIEL'EI?IED. JELroe in Storm oand Colh .-This is a new work, by Mr Edward King, author of "The Great South," "French Political Leaders," 'Echoes from the Orient," etc., and gives the experiences of a special cor respondent for twenty years amongst the greater number of the peoples of Europe. The author tells us that during the large part of the epoch covered by the narrative in the volume, he enjoyed exceptional opportunities for observing the conduct of alEtirs in the various Euro pean countries of which he treats. Amongst the events which lhe records are certainly some of the most important which have transpired during the present century. The date at which the book opens may be ilaced at 1867, and ninety five chapters are devoted to what may be called the contemporary history of Europe down to the present time. It is impos siblo to give even a slight summary of the events dealt with in the book, but when we mention that, commencing with the Second Empire in the height of its glory, and continuing on through the Franco. Prussian War, the Comnmune and the fall of Napoleon tile Third, it then takes up the narrative of Spanish history, glancing at Russia, Turkey, Roumania, Austria, Switzerland, Italy, and on to England, 6nishingup in Africa, we have said enough to give our readers an idea of the large area covered by MIr King. The volume, which is published in Melbourne, con. tains 27 portraits of eminent public men of all nations, besides about a hun. dred other illustrations made expressly for the work by a wellknown artist, and is got up very neatly indeed. Amongst the approving notices handed to us are those from Dr. Moorhouse, our late bishop, Dr. Goold, Archbishop of Melbourne. and the principal of the Methodist Ladies' College, the Rev. W. H. Fitchett, BA. sr D. D. Reid, the agent, is at present in 8ale securing subscribers' names. The Ieva. Canon Watson, J. S. H. IRoyce and W. H. Walton have testified to their approval of the work, which we can confidently re. commend to our readers as a really bona fide publication which fully justifies its appeal to the public, and is not to be classed with the general run of the rub. bish by which so many persons have been too often victimised. The Australian Journal.--Meesra A. I. alassina and Co. forward us the April number of their very excellent,publics. tiont. It is full of reading matter of the most interesting kind, and contains one or two stories having for their subject the license which All Fools' day is sup. posed togi've. " My Mysterious Master," ii one of the shorter and most interesting tales on this number. The price of the journal is aixpence. STuberculosis ins Cafle.-We do not generally deal with progress reports of Government boards under this heading, but we make an exception in the case of that presented to the Government by the gentlemen appointed to enquire into the existence and extent, in Victoria, of tuberculosis in cattle; as to whether the disease amongst the stock may be detri mental to public health; and what pre. ventive means should be adopted, So far as the evidence has gone, the Board has not had suflicient before it to come to any decided conclusion as to the conts. giousness of the disease or whether it is liable to be communicatedto human beings by the use of milk or meat. So far as we have looked through the report, there does not seem to be sufficient grounds for believing' that, generally speaking, the fact of cattle having this disease renders the flesh unfit for food. Amongst the witnesses examined we observe tile nasno of a' former resident of Gippsland, Mr George Bird, of The Heart, who in an swer to a question put, replied that so sure as a dairy cow had the disease, her progeny would eventually die of it. Since wd received the report, iMr George Pent. latnd--noi stock inspector for the Gipps land 'district, but who at the tittle of thu Board's enquiry acted as their secretary, and upon whose services the members pass a high elogium -has favoured us with a sight of Ilis copy of the report. This contains twelve large engravings, taken apparently from photographs showingvi the tubercular growths on the lungs, the large cavities made by the disease, together with its effects upon other organs, from which a large amount of important information can be gathered respecting the disease in all its stages. Mr Pelt. laind has kindly left this copy in our hands, and it can be inspected at the oflic0 of The GIppsl~nud Tirime by any person intierested. . The Australian Christ,,, Io,'ld.-This is.the title of the latest addition to our religious press, and the first remlark upon its coming to hand was the natural one that it was to be hoped the new paper would be sonmething like its London name. sake, which is probably the finest news. paper of the kind in existence. The pre. sent is the first number under the new title, but it would appear from a perusal that it is a continuation of Th/e Intler. colonial Ch'ristiat? Messeger, which has been incorporated with the new journal, The IPorll is to be carried on on Evan. gelical lines, emphasising " the fall of man, the reality of the atonement, the personality of thle Holy Ghost, antd the need for His regenerating influences upon humnan nature." The paper is a large one, containing 14 pages, with a fair show of advertisements, and a large amount of reading matter, original and selected. The rllbrtd is published at the cheap rate of twopence per number, or 10s per an num, and would seem to bid fair to become a success, conducted on the lines laid down by the proprietors, who are members of different Evangelical churches. The office is 70 Russell-street, Melbourne, 