THE NOVELIST. children of oibeoV* Br Walteb Besant. PROLOGUE. Tart L POIiT-WfllOH-IS-MAHLA "Sit down, Hester, and let db talk. ; It is seventeen years since yousaw me last.", "It isn't the time,I grudge, my Jady," Hester replied, pl.nnging her bare arms into the soap sads; It ten t -the time,, bat the things are promised and a laundress's word is her work.. If she breaks her word it's leave the things and change the washing. And a lovely drying day." > _ ■ ■ : She spoke with two pins between her hps. People of her walk in life, unless they happen to be Ghinamen, always, while they ore standing at the wash tub, carry two pins; and in the corner of the mouth—they are not even safety pins. The practice gives Jthem for the time a curious thickness of speech. " Let me talk and work at the same time, mr lady, though it is such a long longtime Bince last I.Bet eyes upon yon; and a beauti ful little creature you were, to be sure. Lor' a roe I" . . . she was a woman of five or six and thirty ,-countrybred, as .you.conlji very easily tell by the rosy hue of her cheek and by its am. plitude, by her figure, full and comely, and by her breadth 6t shoulder. The London air—it is the fog in it, perhaps, or the smoke in it—produces in the second and all suc ceeding generations a diminishing effect; it narrows and slopes the shoulders, it con tracts the figure, it shortens the stature aud it makes the features small; in fact, it makes the Loudon girl small all over, yet it doth not leave her without charms of her own, as is daily testified by many. This woman was a big woman, looking still as if sbe was fresh from field and country lane: her fore head was lined, her mouth was ar&wn;, but this might be due to the presence of tbe two pins; her eyes were limpid and full, and in colour brown, something like tbe eyes of a hare when she is not frightened. They were set and framed in a network of lines and crow's-feet, and when she was alone they had a trick of hardening. This may have been caused by trouble, or, perhaps, it was only the natural result of the weekly arithmetical exercise peculiar to her profes sion, and worthy of a Babboge, in which the good woman had to enumerate, divide out, add up, and make to come right, all the socks, handkerchiefs, 6hircs, collars, and cuffs entrusted to her care. As for her features they were plain and even ragged. A working woman may very naturally acquire, by the age of Bix and thirty, from her life of struggle and work, a very considerable amount of hardness. But with Hester the ruggedness seemed part of the original mould, as if Nature bad left the face in the rough, without the final stroke of the chiseL I do not think that Hester had erer been beautiful; but by reason of her hair which was Btill plentiful, and of a warm red colour, and her limpid eyes, she may have been in ber youth pleasing to look upon. It seems a fond thing to speculate upon the possible beauty of a washerwoman in the vanished daj-B when she was young. But it has a certain interest for U3, because she had children with whom wc have to do, and it Is & melancholy reflection that so little interest is generally taken in the past beauty of a woman, whether she be a washerwoman or a duchess. As lor herexpression it was grave and even Bad at times, and when she was hanging ont the clothes, or when she was ironing, or whenever there were no pins in her mouth, her lips had a habit of slightly monolo guing, moving in the manner of one who speaks with great rapidity but with no audible utterance. What she said in these soliloquies, one knows not; perhaps she was rehearsing the weekly returns, as " Six p'r o' socks, six ; ten handkerchiefs. ten; seven Blurts, seven " and so on, accuracy in a washerwoman being as desirable as despatch in a dentist. Or in that silent and mysterious way, sbe may have been recalling scenes in ber past history. If so they were not pleasing scenes. lira. Monument's face, to those tew who can read [the history of a life in a face, showed unmis takable signs ot trouble ; anyone who knew the history of that trouble could, without difficulty, point to individual lines, wrinkles and crow s feet, directly caused at various stages of it; to most of those who were ignorant of this history, and perhaps too much occupied by their own misfortunes to think much about other people's, the lines about the mouth, the wrinkles in the fore head, the set eyes, and the hardened mouth, conveyed 110 more meaning than an inscrip Lou in cuneiform. It is, in fact, only the novelist, and he only for purposes of bie art, who studies the human face when it is past the time of beauty and strives to read, with the help of what he knows, the emotions and sorrows which have left their mark upon it It is too often, however, like reading a Greek classic with the help of an English crib, which has lost the charm of language. : " Seventeen years ago, Hester," said Lady Mildred, " 1 was taken to see your wedding at the village church, and I thought you the most beautiful and the most enviable creature I had ever beheld, in your white dress and your curls." Hester played with the soap-suds and smiled. Then sbe frowned at her own foolishness; and then ehe smiled again. Since Lady Mildred was so good as to say she had once looked like a beautiful woman, it was not for her to contend it; henceforth the memory of her wedding day would pos sess another and a brighter association. Bat Hester, who was truthful by nature, had never been accustomed to think of herself as beautiful. Plain girls sometimes make their own consolations for themselves—notably, the comfortable assurance that as many plain girls get lovers as pretty girls—but they ore never under any illusions as to their own looks Hester, however, permitted her mind to dwell for a moment on the memory of her ruddy and rosy cheeks, and white dress, and on the fashion of the year 1848, ana the people in the charcb, and she smiled again. As for the day, it was the brightest and Warmest day in June ever known, and as for the year, it was eighteen hundred and sixty uve. The houBe was one of a small row of little bve-roomed cottages, irregular, picturesque, with red- tiled room and red brick chimneys; iheyhavenowall been pulled down,not because in 'fodlordwas one -of those who despise pin things and love to tear down and destroy, •ike a first lord of the Admiralty with the old rJ'P8 5 but because if they had not been \- they would have fallen down. Vnerefore now a terrace of little houses with bow windows, built of grey bricks, all exactly Mike, and with slate roofs, Gtands in their Place, and those who remember (he former cottages fall to- weeping when they pass that way. The houses stood in a strange and mysterious place, in the actual and visible right ot publishing this work has beon pur tewed by the proprietors of " The Australasian." margeof London, looking out upon the low green levels with which Hackney Marsh sur rounds thejiiver Lee. and prohibits the further : march of brick. ; White miBts lie over the marsh in winter afternoons aututnn evenings, and make it ghostly to look upon; but it is a keen and healthy air which sweeps across the plain, a good drying oir for linen, find a bracing air for children with . strong lungs ana sound throats. Each of the cottages stood behind a long, narrow strip of garden, which was by Borne laid out and planted with onions, cabbages, peas, potatoes, and beans, hut in more than one case was left fallow, so to speak, dotted here and there with patches of turf, and decorated with bare masts or poles instead oi trees; connected by ropes with-hanging liften instead of waving foliage and blossom. It was, in fact, a convenient spot for washerwomen, and Mrs. Monument did." einglehanded, or with only occasional help, for two or three of the first families in Homerton and Hackney, sister snbnrbs which melt imperceptibly into one another, and difler in no other respect than that of magnitude. The fruits of her labour hung, every fine day and all the year round, upon the litles in the garden, and floated in the breeze bulbous, spherical, wafted this way and that, with all the undulations and grace of a corpulent fairy, across the flower-beds whene no flowers ever grew. Bey.ond the garden the eye roamed free and unchecked across the marsh, a hare flat ex panse of green turf, cut into irregular shapes by the elevated roads which cross it, deserted in the morning, but in summer evenings and on Sundays covered with the lusty youth of Hackney Wick. Beyond the marsh is the Cut, up an i down which go majestically the barges of the River Lee ; then more marsh, and then the lea itself narrowed by reason of the Cot, with high banks of mud, and tortuous, as if resolved to keep up its charac ter to the very end. There are two bridges over it, one a narrow footway of wood, rustic, ancient, not without beauty, the other new and broad, for carts and cyclists, as well as for those who go afoot The Marsh is not, it must be confessed, one of the most romantically beautiful spots upon the eaith, bnt it lies open to all the winds of Heaven; those who walk across its causeways may perhaps still get ague, as they used to do in the brave ola days; but, at least, they are onteide the houses, which is a very precious thing to dwellers in Hackney and its sisters. In the eyes of Mre. Monument the Marsh was chiefly delightful because all the winds which blew across it came to her drying ground fresh and free from smut. Can Hyde-park boost as much? The cottage contained a kitchen or laundry, with a red brick floor, looking upon the gar den. Here were the wash-tubs, and a boiler and pattens, and a board to stand npon. Behind it was a sitting-room, or living-room, and above were two bedrooms. Naturally the steam of the tubs filled the whole house and ascended continually into the heavens, like the smoke of Vesta's sacred fire. None of the Monuuient children, except Polly, can ever pass the steam of a wash-tub without being instantly transported back to Hackney Marsh and filled with the sense of an universal washing day, as it the rivers and lakes of the whole world had been turned into hot and steaming soap suds. Outside the door was a rustic porch grown over with a jessamine, and within the porch, at the open door, stood a young lady. In the year 1865 she was four and twenty years of age, and in the eyes of her generation she passed for an extremely beautiful woman : her portrait may be found by the curious adorning any book of beauty belonging to that time. She wore a huge, crinoline ; she carried her hair in a big net; after the fashion of her time, she made her self look as short of face and of limb, and as dumpy of figure, as Nature would allow. When one thinks of that time and of the truly Binful waste and throwing away of feminine loveliness and grace, which went on daily and from year to year, it is not pity that one feels so much as blank wonder that women could be such fools as so to disfigure mid transform themselves. As regards Lady Mildred Eldridge, one Would have felt a very human pity, because in addition to her hideous crinoline, she wore ^widow's weeds with a vast quantity of that dolorons crape which every husband who truly loves his wife .ought to forbid in hie will. j "And to think, my lady," said Hester, "of your remembering me after all these years." "I remember, Hester, how sorry I was when you left the nursery to get married. It was the first griet of my life." The woman's face darkened. " To get married!" she echoed bitterly. "OhI what fools girls arel just to get married 1 To leave a pleasant' home full of kind ladies who'd never throw them over, and run into the arms of the first villain who comes along with a smile and a promise! If it wasn't for the blessed children, I sometimes wish I had thrown myself into the cold river the morning of my wedding. Perhaps it would have been better for them too.". She wrung a handful of linen as if she wished it had been her husband's neck. " Hester!" The young widow was frightened at her old nurse's vehemence. "Hester! Tell me something about it And why have yon taken your maiden name again?" "I changed my name to get out of my hus band's way. But it was no use." "Out of his way?" " Yes, my lady. But never mind about my troubles. And you with your own to hear, and a widow's. „cap, and all at your age, poor dear!" "I have been married too,'' Lady Mildred replied calmly, "and I have lost my huBband. But, about yours Hester?" ; "He is dead," the woman replied, with an obvious effort, as if it pained her so much as to speak of him, "he is dead, and I pray that tny children may never hear tell of him 1" "Iam sorry. Poor Heater I" "Thereare some troubles." She left the wash-tub and sat down, wrapping her apron about her bare arms. " I here are soma troubles, my lady, that women needn't be ashamed of—such as men are born to as the sparks ily up wards—and there's some troubles that we can't think of—though we must, at times—let alone speak of. Troubles that spoil the lives of innocent children." There are indeed Hester. If these were yours, I am sorry for you." " We came up to Loudon," Mrs. Monument went on, " to get work. That's what he called it Oh ! Fine work he got! He was a locksmith, and its a trade which finds out a man's clevernessand leads him into tempta tions. Whatever his work was, there was always plertty of money and I was happy. Oh I who could hare told beforehand what was going to happen. Then my Joe was born. " What did happen Hester ? " Nothing, my lady," she replied evasively ; " only that I went to live by myself with the baby, and took my maideu name, and hoped never to see him again." "And then r-' " Oh 1 He found me out But he is. . . j buried." There was just a slight pause as if she was not quite certain whether he was actually buried, or only dead and still await ing that rite, like one of the melancholy ghosts on the shores of the Styx—though if they knew what wafe waiting for them on the other side they would perhaps send up word to their relations not to bury their bodies. Everybody has remarked the fondness which all well-regulated women entertain for a good round solid aphorism. It never loses its freshness for them. Therefore it was natnral for Lady Mildred to remark solemnly: "Where there is no escape from evil, save by death, it is better that one should die." " Provided it's the right one," said Hester., " Because if I'd been took what in the world | would ha' become of the blessed children ?" " Where are your children Hester? How many ot them have you ?" " Polly-which-is-Marla," replied, Hester, as if the four words made but one name, " is playing among the linen—bless her 1—where she can't come to no more harm than a Blap in the cheek from a wet leg or a dapping skirt" She went out into the sunshine and shaded her eyes with her hand, and called " Polly ! Polly I Come to mother 1" . Then there came running out from among the hanging clothes a little girl of two years. She was an extraordinarily beautiful child, though her frock was ragged and dirty, and the cap tied round her head had seen long service. Her short brown curls lay over her forehead, and pressed oat the cap; her deep, mysterious eyes gazed shyly at the visitor: her parted lips made the sweetest rosebud of a mouth. Two years old. This is the age when the infant passes into the child ; she is still irresponsible, without morals, and void of any principles whatever; she still pos sesses the infantile wonder: life is still full of novelty for her; none of the gilding has been rubbed off; she is always making new experiments, and continually breaking out in new directions; she talks a most charming language; she utters the most unexpected sentiments, and she does the most delightful things. She is a dirt, a jilt, a coquette; she is as unreasonable as the wind; she is as uncertain as the wind; she is a doll, a treasure, a toy, an idol, and a goddess. Of sncb there are tens of thousands in this land of ours, and I wonder how many of us have the grace to thank God for them. " Why, Hester" — Lady Mildred was startled at thi3 miracle of beauty—"your child is an angel—she is a fairy. Are all your children like this one f " Three of them are," said Hester. " They take after the father, who was as handsome, though undersized, as he was clever. Clever ness it was which ruined him, and his good looks did him no more good than to make him wicked and false," " What is her name, Heater?" " The name by rights is Maria, but we call I her Polly, because the other is an outlandish | name." " Why did yon call her Maria?" "It was her father's doing. He would have it, and as I'd my choice with Joe and Sam I had to give way, though I blushed for shame when I told the clergyman at the font." " Maria 1 It is an odd name." " My man, you see, iay lady, was fond of his book, and perhaps he found the name in one of the books he was' always reading. But there, it doesn't matter now, and I always call her Polly, which is handier and more natnral" "Yes—it is handier. Do you know, Hester"—Lady Mildred had the child in her arms—it is strange—do you know-that the child is strangely like my own little girl ?" " Why good gracious?" Hester threw up her arms in astonishment at her own forget fniness, " to think that I never even aBked your ladyship if you had any '6f*your own! But of course you hate. Tbetrfs the mother in your look, plain to see. Lord ! the hanger in a childless woman's eyes."' " 1 have only one—a little girl—about this child's age." ; - " None but a woman with children of her own," Hester continued, "knows how to Carry a baby right iNow to see your lady ship with that little one." " Where are yourother children? I should like to see them alL? "I've got four mora" Hester forgot, her work and the beautiful drying day in her ma ternal pride. "Font more. First there's Joe. He's sixteen now and tall for his age. Apprenticed to his father's trade, and hand some though not clever, as his father was, which gives me hopes-for him. Its the stupid lads that torn out the steadiest and do the best. After i Joe comes Sam, and he's seven, bless his heart! Forsturdiness and appetite there isn't his equal." Nine years between the first and second?" "Nine years, my lady. Because my hnsband, he deserted me, I to!d you. I came away with little Joe. But he found me out after all those years, and came back to me. And then came Sam; after Sam came Claude" " Was that name your choosing, nester?" " Lord! no my lady. I should never have thought of such a fine name for my boy. It was his father's choice.- He named the boy after some one in his, books. Claude some thing, who my husband said was one of tiie greatest men who ever- lived. But he oniy seemed to be a rogue and a robber." " It could not be Claude Duval," said Lady Mildred at hazard. " I think that was the name. But I don't rightly remember. When I took the baby to church I could oniy remember the first name, so he is Claude, and nothing else. He's six now, and a beautiful boy; more like bis father than me, and as like as two peas to Polly-which-is-Marla. After him comes Melenda, who is five, another heatheni-h name. But it's bis choice, not mine. She's like Sam, not Cjande. Just after Polly was bom my husband left tne again, thank goodness for it" " Do not let as talk about him, Hester," ] said Lady Mildred. " It only vexes you." Just then the children came home from! school First came Sam, a sturdy red- haired child, with bright eyes aud a face painfully like his mother's—chiselled hastily and with jast a few strokes—rough but effective, the result beiinr a broad forehead, strong chin, large mouth, and roBy cheeks. After him walked Claude, a pretty boy of six, who bad very much the air of a gentleman in disguise, though his clothes were tolerably ragged. Last there came a little red-haired girt of five, exactly like her brother Sam. They emerged from the white curtains of drying linen, and stood ranged in line before the porch. "Here tbey. are, my lady," said their mother proudly reviewing her family. " This is Melenda, who's as good as gold already, and can be trusted with Polly. This is Sam. Hold up your head, Sam. It would do your ladyship good to hear that boy read. And this is Claude. He's like his brother Joe and his sister Polly. They all favour their father. In outward looks only, I hope and *>rLa'dy Mildred remarked how Bhe kept! recurring to her hnsband, whose memory she so much detested. Itwas as if he was always j in hermind. . j Hester," 8hei;*ni9, '' do you alone pro vide for all theae childfeft ? Is there nobody to help you?" : " Nobody,*' she replied. " It's terrible hud work, to be sore, and sometimes 1 wake in the night, and think I must break down some day. And then we shall all have to go to the Union—yon can see it from the back— and me and the children will be parted." " Five months to be fed. It mnst take a great deal of washing to had food for so many." j " Yes, my lady. Bnt there—I don't mind hard work. There's worse tronble than that for me to be afraid of—worse than hanger even for the little ones, that I dread day and night" " Hester," said Lady Mildred, who still had the youngest in her arms. " Let me help ycu. Let me take one of the children off your hands. Lend me this little one." " Lend you my Polly ?" " Lend her to me Hester. You can trust her to me. I am not a stranger to you. Let me take the child." The mother snatched the little girl out of her visitor's arms. " Part with my flesh and blood ?" she cried jealously. " Give you my Polly?" " If yon think it would be for her good." The woman hugged the child and pressed it closer to her heart, and shook her head. But the tears came into her eyes. " There is somethingon your mind, Hester," Lady Mildred persisted. " No, do not think that I want to know what it is. There is something you remember and something you dread. When you speak of your dead hus band you look about you as if you feared he might be standing at your garden gate. Poor Hester 1 You must have had an un happy life." An unhappy life—yes." " He is dead and past our blame of it," said Lady Mildred. " Yet something sur vives. The memory—" " The memory of it," Hester repeated. " The shame of it for me and for the children." " If you will let me have the child I will bring her up in ignorance. She shall have no knowledge of the memory." " Do you want to make her my young lady's lady's-maid ?" " No. She shall be brought up with my daughter, her companion; she shall be educated with her. I will provide for her. As for separation from you —" Lady Mildred remembered that if she was to bring up the child as a young lady, Sam, and Melenda, and Claude might not, in the course of time, be quite desirable com panions—" as for separation, you shall know always how she is going on; when she grows up you shall see her again if you wish it; she snail be told about her parentage, nothing more than you please to teli her. Think. You will part from the child, but it will be for her happiness—and one less to work for—" "Oh, my Polly!" cried the mother. "As if I could think it a trouble to work for your dear little mouth." "Think of it, Hester. Take a week—a month—to consider." *To Lady Mildred's astonishment Hester decided on the spot "You shall have her, my lady. Oh, to save them from what I dread day and night I would part with them alL Take her—take her. To save her I would consent never -to meet her again till we meet in Heaven. Yet, oh, let me keep her just one night—my pretty darling—to hold her in my arms one night longer." "Ob, Hester," said Lady Mildred, moved to tears, " I will be like a mother to her. She shall never be unhappy if Lean help it. And as for you and yours, whatever happens you will have a friend in me and mine." " Oh, I know—I know. But promise me one thing, my lady. Let the child never learn—whatever happens—unless I tell her— only my boy Joe knows—that my name is only my maiden name. Else she'll want to know her father's name. If, when she grows up, she asks about her mother, tell her that her mother was an honest woman. If she asks about her father, say that he is dead and buried long ago. There are five of them. One of them knows the secret already, bnt he keeps it close ; perhaos the three left with me will find it out—but not Polly, not little Polly-which-is-Marla. God knows I'd never part with her—never—except tor that one thing, so long as I'd a finger left to work with." " She shall be happy," said Lady Mildred, " if I can make her happy. And you shall see her again. Somehow you shall see her. You shall not altogether lose her." In this way little Polly-which-is-Marla dis appeared from Hackney Marsh and became Valentine, or Violet, I know not which, adopted daughter of Lady Mildred Eldridge, and, therefore, granddaughter of the Earl of Haslemere, Knight of the Garter, and daughter of the late Sir Lancelot Elridge, Baronet, M.D., R.S.A This was certainly very great promotion, and, if one may say so, of a young lady of this slender age, is yet wholly utideserved. " Have I done well Bertha ?" asked Lady Mildred, over the two cribs in wbick, side by side, the two children were sleeping. Lady Mildred was a woman with many ideas, and Miss Bertlm Colquhoun was the friend of her girlhood to whom she communicated them. "Theyare curiously alike" said Bertha. "One might almost take them for twin sisters. As for your doing a wise thing, my dear Mildred, time, the only infallible prophet, will disclose when the hour comes. I shall not give my decision till I hear his opinion. As for your doing an interesting thing—that is undoubted. Tell me, by the way, which is little Trix—I haven't seen her since she was in long clothes—and which is the little washerwoman of Hackney Marsh?" " Why nobody kuows except myself and my solicitor. I was obliged to tell him I have changed nurses, and managed so care fully that nobody can so much as guess. The child with the light blue ribbon round its neck is Valentine; the other is Violet For both of them, and for all the world, Beatrice is lost as well as Polly until October the loth, 1885, when Beatrice will come of "Oh?" said Bertha, disappointed at not kerns: taken into the secret, " then I must wait like all the world I suppose. But oh ! my dear. Poor little Polly- whick-is Marla! Poor child ! when she learns the truth!" 