A Story of David Scott, the 1 Painter. Afternoon was wearing towards evening in the west of I England, and darkness was already beginning to creep over I the shadowy chambers and long narrow passages of an old J English country house, although it was still broad daylight ] outside. Darkest of all was a deep recess in the wall at the | end of the great corridor in the third story, where a boy seemed to be hard at work upon something that appeared to require all his attention. Had there been ugnt enough to see his face any one who saw it would have been struck by the fineness of its outline, and the thoughtful depth of expression in the large bright eyes which attracted the notice of all who saw him for the first time, although no one could easily have guessed then what he was one day to be. But just at that moment ' Wild Davie,' as he was very justly called, was busy with a very mischievous piece of 6port ; indeed, nothing less than the dressing up of a ' ghost ' to frighten his play fellows. In the dark recess at the end of the corridor stood a marble statue of Apollo the Archer, with one arm outstretched as if in the very act of bending his fatal bow. Outlined in its ghostly whiteness against the deep gloom behind it it was a startling sight at the best of times ; but underneath the skilful hands of our hero it was fast growing into a monster that might have scared a general. Leaving the long white neck standing out bare and spec tral against the darkness, he folded a black cloak around the body, letting the cold dead whiteness of the marble peep out every here and there. Upon the face he fixed a hideous red and black mask with staring eyes, while over the extended arm he hung a white cloth with a crimson handkerchief pinned to it, which at a little distance looked terribly like a broad stain of blood. Around the lower limbs be wrapped a piece of yellow Chinese silk, twisted up so as to look like a coiling snake ; and then, by way of a finishing touch, he placed at the monster's feet a small lantern, lighting up all the ghastly details with a weird, unearthly glare. ' Won't it make 'em jump !' chuckled he, as he stepped back to look at the effect of his work. If any one had told Davie at that moment that he was playing a very cruel nnd cowardly trick, which had fright ened many children to death, and scared many more into hopeless idiots, he would have been greatly surprised and shocked ; for, with all his thoughtlessness, he was tho roughly kind-hearted. But all that he thought of was the fun that it would be to himself, little dreaming that he was just about to receive a lesson which would cure him of playing such tricks for the rest of his life. Just then a loud voice was heard calling out from the foot of the stair — 'Davie! Davie! where are you? Come along, quick ; we're going to drive round by the lake, and watch the sun 6et over the mountains.' And ' Wild Davie ' went off like a shot. The drive lasted so long, and there were so many things to be looked at on the way, that by the time they got home again our friend Davie hiad forgotten all about the fright ful sentinel that he had left standing at the end of the upper corridor, and went racing along it at full speed to get to his room. . The next moment a howl of terror startled the whole house, and three or tour of the. servants, hurrying to the spot in alarm, found Davie lying on the floor, half minting with fright, in front of the monster which he had himself dreBsedup. All that followed may easily be imagined — the rush of the whole household to see what had happened, the wonder, the dismay, the scoldings heaped upon poor Davie, and (hardest of all for him to bearV the loud laugh of the other boys as they realised how neatly he' had been caught in his own trap. But there was one person there who did not join in tho laughter, and that was a quiet 'old gentleman with a long gray beard— at that time one of the. most celebrated artists in Britain, who just come down to the country for a few weeks* holiday. ' This boy has the eve of an artist,' said he, looking keenly at the terrible figure. ,f He will be heard of yet.' And the old was right. Not .many years later 'Wild Davie' was famous throughout pll England as David Scott) the paint People- 