SB&B7; DAT JOTTINGS. Bv "VlCILAAT." Fob the first time since its inception the three horses who filled the situations in the V.ll.C. Derby on Saturday last were chesnuts. Tkideki's time for the Derby on Satur day — viz., 2min. 39sec. — was tbe same as Martini Henry's in 1883. Neither record has beeD beaten in the Derby. 0 e e Sisce 187" the Maribyroong Plate has never been run so alow as it was on Satur day, but with Set. 51b. in tbe saddle, and in the teeth of a gale of wind, the perform ance was'a good one. ore This year'a Derby was not witnessed by Mr. J. O. logliB, who was engaged on the track sending Malus a Cup gallop. Few, if any, ou 'side the stable saw the horse go. « TaEEE are generally a few stiff uns in the Coburg Sukes, bnt on Saturday their name was legion, and we are likely to aee a remarkable revered of form towards tbe tail end of the meeting. coo Commotion, who was sent a two -mile gal' op yesterday, had company on tbe way. The old fellow, wbn liae been accus tomed to work alone, could not under- at :nd it, and they had gone nearly a mile before lie began to gallop. « Daystau'p win in the Coburg Stakes en abled nine out of every ten fielders to eoore a ' skiunei and, although bit hard by Trident, the ring, or, at any rate, the ready money portion of the ring, returned home with a balance to the good, coo Persons who believed in coincidences backed Meddelina for tbe Derby, as a filly w n that event in 18G6, and again in 1876; but io 1880, Meddelina, tbe only filly in the race, did not run up to expectation, and those who backed her lost their money, coo Nine waa the number of horses left in the V.B.C. Derby, but, through an over- eight, Telephone end the Sylvia colt were not withdrawn. Consequently, there was one starter less than last veer, when Nordenfeldt won. ceo Lord Carrikgton narrowly escaped fining on the occasion of his first appearing as the owner of a racehorse running in a race in Australia. His Exc ilency sent in his colours as buff with light blue cap, but the powers that be ruled that there wasn't s bit of buff about them. cec First Prince, who waa greatly fane'ed for the Hotham Handicap on Saturday, and was backed for a lot of money, got rid of bis rider (Saudeie) after hnlf-a- inile of the journey had been traversed. The jockey fell heavily on the ground, but escaped serio»B injury. After the running of the Hotham Handicap, Mr. WatBon reported Rammnge. th o rider of Claptrap, and Smith, the rider of Lancer, for disobedience at tbe poa. They were brought before the tur.'an Derby of 188fi — waa placed around t e winner's neck, and be was led around t' e lawn. It was then seen that the c 't liad been punished a good deal. # Si ARAMOUCUE went down before Al- bauue in last year's Selling Race at Fl.-mington, when the farmer was a very strong favourite. Huron just as easily defeated The Ghost on Saturday, and thereby upset a great pot in the son of Hamlet, who had tbe services of Gerry. earn Fir-t Prince, when rnnning up tbe river side in the Hotham Handicap on Sjinida/, was racing in the rear rank, vhen Sindera spying anopeniugalongside tli- rail made a rush for the apparent ad- v u.tage, but, meeting with an accident, the son of First King came down , giving hia rider a nasty shaking, Sanders was fw'im.ate'y not seriously iniurod. Lo" ii Caiirinc.ton had a bit of bad luck in bis first attempt at horse-racing in these colcmeB. Eepersnce, who ran in his lord ship's name in the Maribyrnong Plate, cleared off down the course proper ae soon as that portion of the journey waa reached. Whiting, tbe English jockey, piloted Esperauce, and having tbe inside running his mount was most exposed to the danger of the accident named. coo Daystar, the winner of the Coburg Stakes, was entered for the Derby, bnt Mr. George Davis, his owner, thought it was useless running the cult against Trident. D ayetar is by Mercury out of Grace Darling, and waa bred in Gippsland. His starting price in the race onSatuiday was 20 to 1, though as much as 50 to 1 and as little aB 100 to 8 was written about him. 1 C 0 The Hen. James White's good fortune was most decidedly not in the ascendant on Satuiday lust, for in the opening event Tamarisk faihd to finish in the front rank, and in the Hotham Handicap, Hexham, who was galloped on, ran second to Claptrap, and Lara and Aber deen dl-1 not show prominently in the Maribyrooug Plate. Trident, however, made amends by winning the Derby. # # # Col i,i:v, who rode Maddelina in the Derby, says that if Volcano had not met with the accident in the race Trident would never have won. Colley, who was particularly emphatic in this assertion, states that Volcano was going pounds stronger than anything in the race at the time of the mishap. If this be correct, the gelding will be worth watching for tile remainder of the meeting. Although many people imagine that Trident w as about sii out in the Derby, the race was really only in doubt for about ten seconds, when at the home turn Chesham led into the straight and Hales suddenly us- d his whip desperately. Then the cry arose, " The favourite's done.'' " E- en money," " two to one," and ' three hundred to a hundred'1 were offered against him by one fielder. Bu", answering every stroke of the whip, the gallant dies' nut gained on Chesham every stride, and catching him opposite the stand, won at the finish pretty easily. On returning to scile, horse, rider, and owner received an ova tion seldom accorded even Derby winner-, and although it waa evident that Halea had used the " hooks" freely, Trident waa the hast distressed of all the Derby colts. Mr. F. F. Dakin was unlucky enough to supply the third bora in the V.A.T.C. Nnrs-ry Handicap in Bedouin, and on Saturday the eon nf Black Gipsy filled a similar position in the Maritiyrnung Plate. Power, who rode him, was no mire suc cessful in the Derby on Aglaos, as the New Z-alander was also third. Last year Power filled the same po-itinn in the Bine Riband race when he rode Winchester. » » Nobody will begrudge Mr. C. L. M'Donali his Maribyrnong Plate win with the V.A.T.C. Great Foal Stakes winner, Hortense, unless it be the book makers, who laid long prices against the sister to First Consul getting home. Last year the same gentleman, who then had charge of that " vixenish daughter of a shrewish mother," Maddelina, was un fortunate enough lo get beaten by tbe Hon. James White's Acaie. o o o If Boolka had run as well — or, say, as gamely— in the Caulfield Cup as he did when he made a dead beat of it with Isonomy for the Melbourne Stakes, metbinks he would have about won the mile and a half race referred to. In the first event he stuck to Isonomy like a leech after they got level, hut in the run-off lie was beaten so badly that I fancy his heart is scarcely in the right place. No greater triumph of form could be imagined lhan that evidenced by Hor- tense'e victory in the Maribyrnong Plate. As I have repeatedly contended , weight does not trouble a good 'uo, and tbe filly won from end to end, albeit Huntiogtower was coming with a great run at the finish. Neither Perhaps nor Mistletoe ran np to form, and their mediocre-performance was very generally attributed to the gale of wind blowing. Mistletoe, I fanry, is rather small for the weight. " « ''His Lordship's firs' horseman," Whit ing, is a queer fish. I don't suppose it can be considered libellous if I state that we bava bred one or two in Australia who could give this importation a poond or two. Esperance, his mount, looked to tne to be very much on the big side, and, being somewhat skittish, Whiting had a good deal of trouble with her. By-the- way, 1 noticed that lie rides in the loose English breeches, with his stirrups at least two holes lower than sn Australian jockey of the same height. c o c Mr. T. Lamond's lack is evidently none of the best this Benson. as bis charge, Blairgowrie, could get no nearer to the A.J.C. Derby than second, and now Chesham, who would have been served by another fortnight's work, finished in a similar position to Trident. Just previous to the start for the V.E.C. Blue Riband race, Huntiogtower, who was also trained by that gentleman ran second to Hor tense in the Maribyrnong Plate. Last year Blairgowrie carried the orange and white hoops into third place in tbe same event. Lam ye ir there were seven races on the _ T f„ ,1.. „f ,|,„ 