AQUATICS International Yacht Race. THIS is an event (says the aquatic contributor to the Town and Country Journal) which is looked forward to with the most profound interest by aquatic men throughout the world, and particularly so on both sides of the Atlantic. In Australia the excitement is no less intense; but anything like a connected narrative of what has taken place, or is likely to be done in the near future, has not yet been placed before the public This I will attempt to do, taking up the narrative from the hopeless defeat of the English yacht Genesta last year by the American yacht Puritan. As our aquatic readers well know, English yachts have reached perfection with the existing tonnage measurement. They cannot be capsized, owing to carrying all the ballast on the keel, outside, and they make excellent sea boats compared with the shallower built centreboard American yachts. Whenever the two types competed in an ocean thrash against wind and sea, the Yankee went to the wall. This was so thoroughly understood in England that victory was almost considered a certainty for the Genesta. and when she was signally beaten and returned home, the affair was apparently taken quietly; but there was an evident determination to re verse the defeat on an early date. Lieutenant Henn with his 90-ton cutter yacht Galatea first came forward to undertako the overthrow of the Americans, but his vessel has during the past month been hopelessly beaten by Mr. J. Jameson's 86-ton cutter yacht Irei at the Royal Harwich Yacht Club's Regatta. The Irex proved the fastest boat on every point of sail ing. The Americans had a boat specially built to meet the Galatea—namely, the Atlantic, of the Atlantic Yacht Club, of Brooklyn. The Atlantic, however, had to give pride of place on 17th June to the Priscilla (which proved a failure last year, but has been since altered). The race took place over the usual course from Mew York Harbour; and the following yachts competed—Prisdlla, Puritan. Atlantic, and Mayflower. The matter now resolves itself into this: The Galatea was proposed to represent England in theraceforthe America's Challenge Oup, and the Atlantic was specially built to meet her. The Galatea has been beaten by the Irex, and the Atlantic by the Priscilla, the present holder of the cup (the Puritan) having been beaten by the Atlantic. Our next cable message should give the necessary particulars as to whether the original proposal is to be agreed to, or whether the proved best boats are to first meet and decide the matter, anything farther to be the subject of special challenge. The following is a short description of the yachts likely to compete in this important race:— The Galatea,—The Galatea is owned by Lieutenant Henn, and was built about the same time as the Genesta, and for the same object Her dimensions are: Length, 100 ft.; beam, 16ft; depth of hold, 13ft 3in.; depth of water, 13ft Bin.: and is 90 tons yacht measure ment She is built of steel, and carries her ballast in a hollow keel. The Irex.—The Irex is owned by Mr. J. Jamieson, and is a cutter of 86 tons measure ment She met the Galatea in May, 1884, in the match of the new Thames Yacht Club, and followed her closely. At the Royal Harwich Yacht Club Regatta, in June last, she beat the Galatea hopelessly on all points of sailing. The Priscilla.—This yacht was built for the *86 season, and at the close was sold to Mr. A. C. Caulfield, of the Seawanahaka Yacht Club of New York. She was then 95ft overall, 85ft on the water-line, 28ft. Sin. beam, Bft deep, and her displacement was 114 tons. She was subsequently extensively altered without changing her displacement Her keel was slightly rockered, sail area increased, and, consequently, new and larger spars supplied. 1 have already noted the performance of the Priscilla. She only carries 45 tons of inside ballast The Atlantic.—This yacht is the representa tive of the Atlantic Yacht Club, of Brooklyn, and is owned by a syndicate of the members of the club. Her dimensions are: Length, overall 95ft lin.; on water-line 84ft; beam, 23ft 2in.; depth of hold, 12ft. 3in.; and draught of water, 9ft 3in.: but with centreboard down she draws 20ft 4in. Her greatest beam is much farther aft than any of the other yachts. Her displacement is 126 tons. She carries 35 tons ballast outside, and 25 tons inside. The Puritan.—The present holder of the America's cup is owned by Commodore J. Malcolm Forbes. She was originally built by a syndicate of Boston yachtsmen, and cost between $20,000 and $30,000. She is built of wood, is 95ft overall, and 81ft lin. on the water- line, her beam is 22ft. 7in , and extreme draught (under stern post) Bft 2in. She has 27 tons of lead on her keel and 13 tons inboard. Her displacement is 102 tons. She is essen tially a racing-craft, and was built as such. The Mayflower.—This yacht was the result of an attempt to improve upon the Puritan. Her dimensions are:—Length overall, 100 ft; on water-line, 85ft; beam, 23ft sin.; depth, extreme (at sternpost), 9ft 6in. With her centreboard down she draws 18ft Her inside ballast is 11 tons, and outside 37 tons. The sail area of the yachts is as follows:— Priscilla, 7381 ft; Puritan, 7370 ft; Atlantic, 8012 ft; There is not a greal deal of time to elapse before the first race is to be sailed—namely, on Ist September. There are to be three races, the best two out of three to win. The first race will be over the New York Yacht Club's course (as sailed by the Genesta last year); the second over a triangular course, from Sandy Hook light vessel; and the third to be either to windward or to leeward, and return either from the point of the Hook, or from Sandy Hook light vessel. The length of cours<\- is to be as nearly as possible forty statute rales, and each race must be finished in seven hours. By the launch of the Irex from Mr. 8\. Babbidge's boftt-ihed, South Briabane, another boat hat beta added to the already large class of 22ft sailing: boats. As she left the ways aho was christened the Irex by Miss Cissy Babbidge. The new boat has a beam of 9't., with a depth of 3ft., and length over all 22ft. She is intended for the Humpy bong regatta, and should give a good account of herself. It seems likely (says Land and Water) that either the Piiscilla or Puritan will be chosen to protect the interests of the holders of the Americas Cup, as both have beaten the new sloop;) Atlantic and Mayflower. The iron boat has bested the Puritan to the extent of winning two out of three matches, and it would appear that Priscilla is the betxer in a breeze, and Puritan the light-wind ghost. If Galatea should be favoured with a smart lower sail breeie, either one or the other of the Yankees will have to move fast to get out of her way. 