Tales and Sketches BARBARA OF THE BUTTER- WALK. BY "RITA." CHAPTER I.—"THE MAID CALLED BAR- BARA." There was a foretaste of summer in the sun's warm strength, even in the last hour of this April day. It threw out golden promises to the young leaves and the bright blossoms, and even its good- night kiss seemed to say, "To-morrow I bring you new gifts—rest satisfied." Its slanting rays lingered on the old church spire, and lit with flame the glory of the painted windows, and touched kindly the grey stones, and the clinging ivy, and the ancient graves and tablets in the church yard. Such an old, quiet, restful place it was, and set in the midst of an old and quiet English country town ; set on the crest of one of its hilly streets, and shut in by houses old, and quaintly-fashioned, and brown with age, rich in crumbling stone and broken wood work, and curious designs of two-centuries past—a place loved of antiquarians and artists—a place that looked too peaceful and primitive for the work of progress to find echo in its streets, for crime or evil to desecrate, or shadow of evil deeds to fall upon it. It was quiet enough in the closing light of this April sunset, but nowhere so quiet as in the old churchyard, with its mossy headstones, its yew-shaded walks, its hushed air that breathed of forgotten lives and days for ever ended. A man had strolled in through the un- latched gate, and was walking leasurely along the winding paths, sometimes stop- ping to look at an inscription, or a curious piece of masonry, or the quaint designs of the church itself, which the old sexton had informed him was of "Edwardian architecture" and "cruciformly shaped." Fortified by this interesting informa- tion, the stranger pursued his investiga- tions. He made the circuit of the church in a somewhat abstracted manner, paying but little heed to the running commentaries of the old man who fol- lowed him, and who was richly fur- nished with all the historical and local knowledge necessary to his position. The facts that the town had been visited by the Crusaders and stormed by the French ; that the little port, now so in- significant, had even contributed thirty- one vessels to the expedition against Calais in 1347, had withstood a siege, and sent forth the great Elizabethan navigator, John Davis—all these interes- ting details, as well as the repeated en- unciation that the church itself was "one of the most memorable in Eng- land," fell on somewhat heedless ears. The sexton was old and not remark- ably observant, else might it have have occurred to him that the young man was more interested in examining the locality than the edifice— in studying the abrupt strange streets with their lines of houses, and then he might have been more pre- pared for the question that cut short his history of the rood-loft and the wonderful carvings : "Where is the Butterwalk?" "The Butterwalk!''echoed old Peter Topham. ''No, it can't be seen from here, sir. As I was saying—the screen was taken from the Spanish Armady in the time of Queen Elizabeth. It is of much interest to all lovers of antiquities." Old Peter always spoke in distinct sentences, punctuating them as the fancy took him. The young man made a gesture of im- patience. "I am not an antiquarian," he said. The old man was not to be baffled. He went steadily on as becomes a guide who has the honour of his native town at heart. "There will be just light enough to see the screen, sir. Taken from the Spanish Armady. There is no other like it—in all England." He led the way. The old faces on the water- spouts seemed grinning and leering at them as they passed. The last faint rays of the sinking sun fell slantways on a tablet that had been erected to one Christina Salmon, and after stating the date of her demise, informed all who chose to read that— The Lord did know, when I should fall, I was taken off to, a moment's call. "Evidently," said John Massingberd to himself, ''punctuation is not a strong point in these parts, or does some hidden meaning lie beneath that phrase, 'I was taken off to'?" Meanwhile the sexton had reached the heavy old oak door and thrown it open, and John Massingberd followed him as he stepped into the gloomy interior. "I suppose I must do my duty to the Spanish Armady," he said, laughing. Even in the dusk he saw that the old man had not been wrong in stating how rich and beautiful that interior was. How elaborate in carving and colouring were the famous screen and pulpit! The evening light stolen softly through the great painted window, and lit up the altar- piece, and mingled with the faded tints of scarlet, and gold, and blue that en- riched the carvings of the screen. The high oak pews were left in shadow, and loomed darkly and mysteriously on either side of the aisle. An intense stillness brooded every- where, and a little thrill of awe seemed to run through John Massingberd's veins, and check the mockery on his lips. Suddenly through the silence and hush of the place a sound of faint music trembled. It seemed to gather power and strength, and floated on and up in waves of mystical appeal, its sad and tended harmonies blending with the shadowy peace that here sat calmly throned ; and its sorrowful sweetness, appealing as a prayer, touched the listen- ers' hearts, and held them like a spell. Neither spoke till the sounds ceased. Then old Peter said softly, below his breath, and with his usual pauses : "That be Miss Barbara. She often comes here. To play." "Oh!" said John Massingberd, and glanced up at the organ-loft. It was all dark and shadowy—neither face nor form could be seen. The old man's voice broke out again in monotonous explanation : "There—just by your foot, sir. Ob- serve those brasses—memorial tablets of John Hawley—and his two wives—Died 1408\. A merchant-knight—of great fame." "And who"—said John Massingberd, moving slowly away, and waving aside they question of John Hawley, and the two wives who stood in effigy on either side of the merchant-night—"who is Miss Barbara?" "He took four-and-thirty ships, all laden with wine," went on old Peter re- morselessly. "He was of great wealth and fame. Of him was it said—owing to his great prosperity : "Blow the wind high—or blow it low, It bloweth fair to Hawley's Hoe." "Very interesting," murmured the young man vaguely. "But who was playing the organ? Miss—somebody, you said." ''No," said old Peter with a rigorous correctness as to facts that was highly creditable. "I said Miss Barbara. She be a pleasant young maiden ; she lives in the Butterwalk." "The Butter walk!" exclaimed John Massingberd, roused and interested. "That's the place I want to see ; come and show me, will you?" "Aye, that I will!" answered his guide cheerfully. "But you've not seen the old door here yet." "Oh, I'll see that to-morrow," said the young man impatiently. "I'm going to stay here for a week or so. Never mind any more about the church just now. Peter Topham shook his head. "It will well repay the tourist, for many visits," he muttered, true to his calling and mode of speech. ''Are you going to lock the door?" asked John Massingberd. "How will the young lady get out?" "There's another door at the east side — she has a key," was old Peter's answer as he drew the great oak portal after him with a bang, and locked it securely. It was almost dark now in the church yard. Little gleams of light sparkled like glow-worms from the windows of the houses, which seemed piled up in an irregular and eccentric fashion of their own on the steep slope on which the little town had been built. They went out and down the narrow street, and an abrupt turn brought them face to face with the river. A few boats were moored beside the pier, a yacht rode at anchor in the middle of the stream. Lights twinkled on either side of the bank, and the clear cool air had an odour as of blossoms and spring flowers, all the fresh promise of the young year which is at once so sweet and sad a a thing. Sweet, because of its own beauty ; sad, because of the memories it brings to hearts that have learnt how bitter memory can be. "This," said the voice of Peter Top- ham, suddenly breaking in upon the silence of his companion, "this, sir, be the Butterwalk. It should be viewed in the daytime. The stranger cannot judge of its picturesque appearance, and its gabled houses, and their carvings, so well at any other time." John Massingberd looked up. The street was narrow and steep. Opposite to where he stood were some quaint old houses. The second storeys were sup- ported by pillars and stretched over the pavement below, forming a covered way that might have had its uses in hot or rainy weather. The small lattice win- dows were set in curiously carved frames of stone that were brown as oak. The date on the pillars was 1642. The young man looked curiously at the strange old houses, then followed his guide across the road. The lower portion of the buildings seemed all to be shops. The low oak doors stood open and showed the narrow passage-ways or winding stairs beyond. John Massingberd turned to his guide. "Would it be possible, he asked, "to see the interior of one of those houses? That room built over the street must be very curious." "The most curious is where Miss Barbara lives—and her aunt," said old Peter ; "the room is quite antiquarian, so I've heard say. But to see it—that's another matter. They be close people— very close. And since the son got into that dreadful trouble the old lady—her as has the shop—won't see anyone." "What was the trouble?" asked John Massingberd curiously. As he asked the question a slight grey shadow flitted by him—a something airy and small of stature, that passed swiftly in through the open doorway, leaving only a startled impression on the young man's mind of sad grey eyes, and a pale face that looked too young for sadness. "Ah," said old Peter,"that was Miss Barbara. Pity you didn't ask her. Not that 'twould have been of any use." John Massingberd laughed. "Then why lament the opportunity, most worthy cicerone?" he said. "Come along and show me some more of the antiquarian beauties of your town ; and, if you like, beguile the time by relating that history which has turned Miss Barbara's aunt into a morose old dame." "You've got a power of words," said old Peter, moving on beside his com- panion with a somewhat puzzled ex- pression on his brown and wrinkled face ; it's power of words. Maybe, though, they've not much sense." "That," said John Massingbred gravely, is their misfortune and my own ; I live in hope of rectifying it. But now, my ancient, for the story." "Wel," said Peter Topham, "maybe you've as much as a bit of baccy about you. I'll just sit there by the water and have a whiff. There's time to spare to see the town. It's best viewed by day- light—to-morrow, now——" "To-morrow," said the young man, suavely, "will suit me very well. As for baccy, here you are, and there's a shil- ling to drink my health with afterwards." Peter Topham accepted the gifts very graciously. It was not often such things fell in his way, for the little town was a place too quiet and uninteresting for sightseers or tourists. Then he seated himself on one of the great stacks of wood by the pier and lit his pipe, and John Massingberd, leaning with folded arms on the low wooden railing by his side, prepared him- self to listen. Divested of old Peters quaint method of dividing his sentences, the story ran as follows!— "We be quiet folks eno'here, and little troubles or interferes with our lives, so that when a month ago news came from Berry Creek, a few miles up the river yonder, of a murder committed there, you may suppose we was all mightily roused. The particklers were in all the papers, so no doubt you've heard on them. You don't know our river, perhaps, sir. It's very beautiful, 'and in that part there's a little village, and some way off the village and close to the water' stands an old house—mighty old and ramshackle, and in it, lived a mighty ancient old lady, though hale and hearty of her years, and very good and kind of heart, spite of bein' a bit eccentric. Her name was Miss Tabitha Dawse. Well, there she'd lived child and girl and maid, for she'd never married, and she was nigh on seventy- six ; and she'd got three women servants with her and a gardener and coachman, and every soul for miles round knew her, and knew she was good and pious, though a bit near with her money—but then 'twas her own." "I suppose so," said John Massing- berd vaguely, as the old man paused for breath. His eyes swept over the rippling waters, and seemed to rest on the yacht floating idly in mid-stream, the moon-rays flooding her white a deck and the idle figures of the red-capped sailors. "Well," old Peter resumed suddenly "—some half-year or back—the old lady takes it into her head she must have a secretary ; she could not write her letters, or make up her accounts, or settle her charities. Some says, the housekeeper for one, as she wanted her nevvy, as was her only near relative, to live with her, and to be of such service ; but he was a gay young London man, and he refused." "A gay young London man," mur- mured John Massingberg dreamily, as there came another pause. "And he re- fused. Well?" "So she got a young man secretary—a harmless sort of fellow enough, so folks thought. He was the son of Miss Barbara's aunt—consekently—Miss Bar- bara's cousin." Miss Barbara's Cousin?" asked the placid voice of the listener. "The story gets interesting, my friend. And what was the result of this appointment of— Miss Barbara's cousin?" "Bad," said old Peter, shaking his head—"uncommon bad. His mother had always cockered him up, and wanted to make a gentleman of him, and edicate him superior. He was too fine for the shop. He must go to some place of learn- ing—the Lord knows where—and get his head full of books and wickedness, and learn to look down upon honest folks. "That's what he did." "The lamentable results," went on that placid echo, "of being 'edicated superior.' Alas, poor Yorick!" "That wasn't his name," said Peter, the matter of fact.'' "His name' were Duke Hamlyn. 'Tis outlandish eno'. Well, he's come to a bad end.'' "Not yet,'' interposed the listener. "He is suspected of murdering the old lady, but he has escaped accusation." ''He done it," said the old man, nod- ding emphatically. "Sure enough he done it. And if I were that nevvy, I'd have the law on him, I would. But then, what can you expect? A fine London gentleman, spending his days in bed, and his night in gamblin', and drinking, and pleasure-going. He's got the money. What does he care about the old lady, or how she came by her end?" "You seem," said John Massingberd, "to have a prejudice against fine London gemtlemen. Have you seen many?" "Oh, enough—such as they are," said old Peter. "They comes here in the summer with their yachts, and their fine ladies aboard, and their sneerin' ways, as if nothing was good eno' for them. I know them when I see them, I can tell you." "That is greatly to your credit," said John Massingberd gravely. ''I'm sorry they've lest such a bad impression be- hind. No doubt they would be the same —if they knew. But, now, this suspected by you all?" "Why should the secretary be suspected by you all?" "Why?" echoed old Peter. "Didn't you read? Wasn't he head over ears in debt? and didn't he steal the old lady's keys, and go to her desk in the dead of night? And then she came down and found him, and he stabbed her and then tried to set the house on fire, to throw off suspicion. Why—it's plain as a pike- staff?" "It's likeness to that proverbial weapon, of course, settles the case," mur- mured John Massingberd, as he lit a cigar with slow and gentle care. "As plain as a pikestaff! Why a pikestaff?" "I can't say as I understand moroly- lising,"said Peter Topham gruffly. "All I know is a British jury suspected him," and he eloped just in the nick o' time be- fore the detectives could catch him." "Eloped! said John Massingberd in placid astonishment. "And who was the companion of his flight?" "I said nothing about companions," said old Peter, somewhat mystified. "He's eloped by himself, to Ameriky, safe enough." "It seems to me," remarked the young man carelessly, "that the criminal mind has a very limited knowledge of geogra- phical details. Like the needle to the pole, so the crime to the perpetrator, points but to the one place of safety— Ameriky, as you just now observed." "You're for using a power o' hard words again," said the old man in an aggrieved tone. "But if I haven't had much book learning, I've got some sense." "That I don't doubt,' said John Mas- singberd heartily. "You're too modest, my ancient friend. You possess genius, an absolute genius, for the detection of crime, and the movements, motives, and whereabouts of criminals. This Duke Hamlyn, for example. You don't sup- pose he could be still in the country, or, say even in the neighbourhood? That his mother could be sheltering him, for instance?" "It's not possible!" said old Peter, with an owl-like gravity, imposing in its calm conviction. "I know old Dame Hamlyn well enough, she's the most tim- orous old lady that 'ever lived. No, he's got clear away ; don't you make no mis- take." "But there's some one else, you know, who might have had a tender interest in the young man,'' persisted John Massing- berd. "What of the young maid called Barbara?" "She!" 'echoed old Peter. "Why, she'd never have raised a finger to help or screen him—she hated him." Hours later, while Peter Topham slept the sleep of the righteous, and the little town lay hushed and calm in the moon- light, a solitary figure paced the deck of the yacht which had anchored that day in those quiet waters. His eyes were on the street that held that quaint old house, his thoughts with a figure that had flitted past him in the spring twilight, and for a moment startled the even balance of his mind with the pale sadness of its sweet, pathetic face. "Not a face for hate," he said to him- self ; "to gentle and tender, one would think. I wonder if she really hated him and why?" CHAPTER II.—HOW JOHN MASSINGBERG BOUGHT SOME GLOVES. "You keep gloves do you?" The voice, polite and calm, and alto- gether different to the rough country voices, startled Barbara Hamlyn as she was sorting wools in the little dusky shop that seemed shut into a perpetual twi- light. She dropped the wools, and turned a pale and almost terrified face to the in- truder. The terror in it struck him more than its pallor, for why, he asked him- self, should his very natural enquiry have frightened the girl?—or was it his ap- pearance? "You keep gloves, do you not?" he re- peated "—I've—'ost mine, and I want another pair." The explanation was lucid, if somewhat lame. At any other time it might have brought a smile to those pretty, pale lips, but of late they seemed to have lost their trick of smiling, and with unmoved gravity their possessor only said, "What size, sir?" as she brought a box of gloves from its place and set it on the counter. "Seven and a half," he answered, looking, not at the gloves, but at her, yet with nothing ill-bred or offensive in his intent and somewhat critical gaze. She turned the various packets over, handing him a pair from time to time ; but he was hard to please. Some were too light, and some too dark, and the right size never seemed to hit it off with the right colour. Meanwhile little scraps of conversation were carried on—rather one-sided, though, for Barbara was not disposed to be talka- tive. "I am somewhat of an antiquarian," remarked the customer presently. "I am perfectly charmed with these houses in the Butterwalk. I suppose it would be asking too great a favour to be permitted to see that wonderful old room of yours. It is quite unique in its way. Your sexton here, who showed me over the church, told me to ask permission off your aunt. I wonder if you would be my mediator?" "I will ask her, if you wish," said the girl quietly. Then the ghost of a smile seemed to touch her lips. "I suppose you have not lost your gloves after all?" John Massingberd looked guilty. "Don't be hard on me," he said ; "I wanted an excuse. You don't know how bashful and nervous I am." "I will speak to my aunt," the girl said again, and put the gloves back in their place, and went out through a little passage and up the narrow stairway to the room above. John Massingberd stood there alone, idly fingering his purchase. Suddenly a voice reached him, a querulous, frightened voice. "No, child, no," it said feebly ; "I will have no strangers. How can you ask when you know the risk—?" "Hush!" came warningly in the girl's gentle tones. "But you need not fear him, aunt ; he's a gentleman—not what you are always dreading. I think he must belong to the yacht out there." "Oh, far-sighted maiden," murmured the young man below. "Do I then carry my trade mark so distinctly?" "To the yacht!'' repeated the dame's shrill voice. "And a gentleman! Why, for aught you know, it may be Mr. Dawse himself. And he's come here to ask if— Oh no, child," she went on piteously, "don't bring him here. I should die of fright if he spoke a word about—about her." "What an extremely foolish old per- son you must be then," said the young man in the shop. ''Lucky for me that Barbara has some sense, and seems inclined to plead my cause." The voices ceased abruptly. He heard a door close. Then the girl's light step echoed again on the old oak stairs, she came into the shop, a little flush on either cheek, her eyes bright as with some inward excitement. "If you like to follow me, sir," she said gravely, "my aunt has no objection to my showing you our room." He thanked her, and stood watching the slender white fingers as she made out the little bill for his purchase, and thought how beautiful her dark eyelashes looked as they drooped on white cheeks, and what a graceful little figure that grey gown draped with its simple folds. He handed her a sovereign, more for the pleasure of seeing her search for and count out his change than anything else. Evidently John Massingberd was in no hurry to curtail hi interview. He was thinking of old Peter's words the previous night—"She be a pleasant young maiden ;" they seemed to find an echo in his own mind. "I should say she was very pleasant— when she liked," he thought to himself. He added that proviso as he caught a somewhat mutinous glance from the grey eyes that seemed suddenly resentful of his scrutiny. She handed him the change; then went out once more, saying gravely— "Follow me upstairs, if you please." What had John Massingberd expected to see? Perhaps he hardly knew himself. What he did see was only a wide, low room, with huge cross-beams from end to end, carved in quaint designs ; and oak presses deep and dark, and mouldy with age; and a great wide fireplace where now a few logs burned brightly, and threw out little jets of flame in the dark old room. It was furnished very simply; but he fancied somehow that Barbara's dainty fingers must have arranged that great bunch of primroses, and placed the yellow daffodils in that quaint old jar in the window, and put those touches of colour in art needlework here and there, and placed to such advantage the old fashioned chairs and spindle legged tables, so that the room looked charming in its old fash- ioned grace, and formed a fitting back- ground for that small, slight figure, with its grey draperies, and its proud dark head that was so well carried, and so well set on the sloping shoulders. For a moment or two he was silent. She watched him somewhat, curiously. "These beams,'' she said at last, "are three hundred years old; they are solid oak." "It is very interesting," said the young man somewhat stupidly. He felt really at a loss for words just at the moment. He walked to the window and looked out. "Very interesting," he repeated; ''and so old. Three hundred years—dear me? Why, it ought to have haunted rooms, and secret chambers, and——'' He stopped abruptly . She had turned an ashy white, and that look of suppressed terror was again in her eyes. "What is the matter?" he said. "Are you ill?" Her hand closed tightly on the chair by her side. "Ill—no!" she said with an effort. "Only—only the room is so hot." "'Shall I open the window?" asked the young man eagerly, and he laid his hand on the frame. "No, no! she cried, and pushed his hand away almost rudely. ''I beg your pardon," she went on ; "my aunt does not like too much air. She is a—a great invalid." "I fear," said the young man gently, that I have intruded here and fright- ened her away. I must apologise for my curiosity." "It does not matter," said the girl somewhat vaguely. "People often ask to see these old houses. But my aunt has had a great deal of trouble lately. It has made her weak and nervous, other- wise she would have come—she would have explained better than I can. I— I have not lived here very long." "I will waive the antiquarian particu- lars," said John Massingberg gravely ; "if you will tell me something about your- self. Who taught you to play the organ?" "Ah, it was you who were in the church last night," she said quickly. "I thought so." "Did you see me?" he asked, looking straight into the grey eyes as he asked the question. ''Yes,'' she said, and a little colour came into the white cheeks ; "and you were looking at the house afterwards with old Peter Topham." "I was," he answered readily ; "and you passed by like a ghost. But you have not answered my question?" "I learnt to play the organ at a friends," she said simply, "She is a very rich young lady. We were at school together. My father," she added, as if in explanation, "was a clergyman, but he is dead." Her voice took a sadder tone. "I was quite alone in the world, so my aunt kindly took me in. But for her I should be homeless." John Massingberd looked at her criti- cally. "Thank you for your story," he said. "Do not fancy I asked from mere curiosity. It seemed to me—you must pardon my saying so—that you are not— not quite suited for your present life. It might have been the effect of your music. Do your often go to the church?" "Almost every evening," she said simply. "I play on Sundays, and I train the choir. It is a great pleasure to me." "Is it?" said John Massingberd vaguely. He thought he was in a region of wonders. A clergyman's daughter who minded a shop, and sold gloves, and played the organ like an artist, and was first cousin to a suspected murderer! "Not that she could help that, though," he said to himself ; "one can't be answer- able for the peculiarities of one's rela- tions. I will not detain you any longer," he said aloud. "This is a most charm- ing room, and I am greatly indebted to your aunt for allowing me to see it." He saw her face brighten, the colour came back to her lips. Evidently Miss Barbara was relieved at his departure. But, intently as she had watched him, she had not seen how keen and quick were the eyes that had searched the quaint old chamber, and taken in the thickness of the walls, the position of the cupboards and presses, the very forma- tion of the window-sash on which his hand had rested. They stood in the passage-way a mo- ment. The sunlight touched her hair and lit up the dark shadows of her eyes as they looked up at the calm, impassive, almost plain face above her. It was a good face, but not handsome —only remarkable for strength and earnestness, and with a quizzical gleam in the blue eyes which came and went with almost every speech he made. "I hope," he said, ''I shall have the pleasure of hearing you play again. It was a great treat." She half smiled. "You are very kind to say so, but do not expect me to believe it. You come from the centre of art in all its shapes and forms; my performance must sound very humble." "I think," he said, laughing, "that Peter Topham has been doing me an ill turn. He has proclaimed me to be a fine London gentleman, and the character seems to have preceded me here. But I am nothing of the sort, I assure you, I am only a humble and hardworking lawyer, and——'' She started visibly. He saw once more that look of terror leap into her eyes, and it' smote him to the heart, as a child's grief would have done. "And," he resumed as if he had noticed nothing, ''a friend is taking me for a brief holiday in his yacht." "Then you won't stay here?" she said eagerly. "Your friend will be leaving soon." "I cannot answer for his movements," said John Massingberg gently. He is somewhat erratic. He likes the place, and there is a good deal to see when he is strong enough." "Is he not well? she asked, the breath coming sharply through her pale lips. "No;" and for once John Massing- berd's eyes did not meet hers, and he coloured in a shamefaced fashion. "So we are in harbour," he went on rapidly, "and he's under—well, under medical treatment. As it's not very lively for me, I'm knocking about. I want to see this old place. But there, I'm keeping you standing all this time.' Good-morn- ing, Miss Barbara. I hope it's not the last time I shall see you." "How do you know my name?" she said coldly, and drew a little away. "Old Peter told me," he answered. "I ought not to have used it, perhaps. It was a slip of the tongue. Pray pardon me." "I—I hope your gloves will fit you," she said, with a sudden smile that seemed to light her whole face like sunshine. "Good-morning." Then she slipped back into the shop again, and left him. "A right pleasant maid is Barbara," said John Massingberg, going out into the warm flood of light and colour that made the spring day so glad and 'beautiful a thing. "I must see some more of her. Poor little girl! so timid, and so pretty, and so soft." He paused a moment, and looked at the gloves. "Bought under false pretences," so ran his thoughts. "Bought! Oh, poor little Barbara, would you hate me if you knew? Transparent little Barbara, who shows with every trick and change of colour that you hold a secret in your heart! Shall I find it out, Barbara? Shall I set traps for your pretty lips, and watch, and wait, and weave my threads of doom as I have done before? It seems a base thing to do. Why did I promise, and why do things turn out so easily, and,why, above all, is a tender little maid to stand in my way and torture me with her piteous eyes? Why—why? Oh, hang these gloves!" He tossed them away in a sudden fury —away, and almost into the face of old Peter Topham, who had spied him from the opposite side of the road, and was lobbying across with a serene cheerful- ness, born of the assurance of "baccy" and shillings for another morning's work. He caught the gloves, and his astonished face turned the current of John Massing- berd's thoughts. He laughed gaily. "So it is you, my ancient!" he cried. "Have you come with a store of know- ledge to edify my ignorance?" "Here's your gloves, sir," said old Peter solemnly. "How or why tossed promiscus, it's not for me to say. I've come accordin' to promise. To show you the Butterwalk." "Come along," said John good-humour- edly; "I'm quite ready, and all attention." CHAPTER III.—''KEEPING COMPANY." "You be making a good long stay her, sir?" It was Peter Topham who made this remark a fortnight later—a fortnight which the young barrister had spent idiling about the old town, and haunting the old church, and following with strange persistence the movements of Barbara Hamlyn. "A long stay!" said John Massing- berd, and turned his keen eyes on the old man's weather beaten face. "Does that concern you, my friend?" "No—oh no; certainly not," was the ready answer. "But you see it's not only me—other folks talk." "As we are not the only specimens of humanity gifted with tongues, I should say it was quite probable that 'other folks' do talk," John Massingberg said quickly. "Why shouldn't they?" Old Peter scratched his head and looked doubtfully at the calm imperturb- able face which, familiar as it had become, was as hard to read or comprehend as he had found it on that spring evening two weeks back. "I crave your pardon, worthy Peter. Have I indeed forgotten your excellent advice? Well, you wish to know why I am still staying here—is that it?" "Not bein' a lover of antiquarian beauties, and not, so to say, appreciating them as might ha' been expected—like- wise nothin' of an artist—and very fond of hanging about that shop in Butterwalk —it's but natural as I should ask myself, 'why,' that's what I says to myself sir, ponderin' and thinking as I smokes my bit of baccy, and bein' a widower, it is done in quiet, thank the Lord! 'Why?' I asks—'why does he do it?' " "You would like to know?" questioned John Massingbred with an amused smile. "Not bein' a woman, and therefore not curious," said old Peter, "I says, 'Leave it to time.' That will show. But"—with a ponderous wink—"when there's a man and a maid, and they meets in the spring o' the year, it's not hard to see how things is goin'." "Isn't it?" asked the young man care- lessly, but a frown darkened his brow. "No," said old Peter. "And I only says, I hopes I shan't be forgotten. Though, to be sure, gratitude is not looked for in the young." "That," said John Massingberd, "is a sad state of affairs. I should not wish to add to your lamentable experience, friend Peter." "And I shan't expect it of you," said the old man cheerfully, "seein' as how I, in a measure, brought you together. But as for keepin' company—well, are you, or are you not?" "Keeping company?" echoed John Massingberd. "The only company I keep is yours, my worthy friend." "Aye," said old Peter ; "so that's how the wind blows! You're bashful— that's what you are, young man, bash- ful." "I told you that long ago," murmured John Massingberd. "It is my great mis- fortune. "Well," said old Peter magnanimously, "I'll help you. I've been a good friend to you—ever since you stepped ashore. I'll help you now." "I understand it," said the young man, "very well. I shall not forget you, my good friend, on the day when Miss Barbara and I begin to—keep company." He strolled off then laughing, that soft, low laugh of amusement that so puzzled old Peter. But the laugh soon died off his lips, and a look of grave and painful thought shadowed his face. In the stillness and peace of the falling twilight he could hear the deep notes of the organ. The old church lay wrapped in shadow, and the tombs loomed dusky and obscure among the tall grass and sheltering trees. As he strolled through the dark walks a figure suddenly appeared and whispered something. The young man listened, his quick eyes alert to see that no one else was within hearing. "To-night," he muttered : "then there is no time to be lost. You are sure it is to-night?" "Quite sure, monsieur." The figure was that of a man dressed like a sailor ; red capped, dark, and foreign looking, like the crew of the mysterious yacht that still lay idly at anchor in the pretty river. "Very well," said John Massingberd, "you know my orders ; see they are car- ried out." "Monsieur shall be obeyed. The figure glided away, John Massing- berd seated himself on a tombstone within sight of that door through which the player must come. "Our first meeting place," he said to himself ; "will it be our last?" The music still pealed out in slow and solemn sweetness. She played the air he had first heard her play. "Poor little Barbara," he said, as he had said so often in those two past weeks. "Poor, frightened, pretty little Barbara, will she hate me when she knows?" There came the sound of the closing door at last, and it roused him from a train of thought, painful as it was gloomy. The little grey figure he knew so well came out into the shadowy porch, and in an instant he was beside it. "Do not hurry home, "he said gently ; "I have something to say to you to- night." "To-night!" she echoed, and the frightened, appealing look he knew so well gathered in her eyes. "Oh, not to- night/ I am in haste. I must go home —I promised. Perhaps to-morrow——" "To- morrow," he said gently, "will be too late. I shall not detain you long." Still she hesitated. Then looked up and met his eyes. Her own dropped. Softly the colour flushed her cheeks. "I want to tell," said John Massing- berd, "about myself." He put her little hand within his arm and led her down the dim old path, and pacing to and fro there in the tender dusk, began to speak. "You don't know," he said, "why I came here?" She shook her head. "You have given me many reasons," she answered. "And not yet the true one," he said, and his voice grew almost stern. "I came here on a mission of justice, at the request of a friend." She was silent, but her face grew ghastly white under the shadows of the yew-boughs. "Who was the friend?" she whispered. John Massingberd looked at her down- bent face. "I think," he said quietly, "you know as well as I do." She began to tremble. "He is wrong," she cried out in pass- ionate vehemence. "He is wrong—quite wrong. From the first I told him so. I begged him to be merciful—to believe." "You acted,'' said John Massingberd, "very foolishly and impulsively. He is not merciful, and he does not believe." "I know that," she cried. "He is a stern, cold man. To him love and pity are unknown things. The money is his, and though he neglected her——" "Hush!" interrupted the young man gently. "You do not know. He did not neglect her. They were not good friends —that was all, and she had a way of cast- ing her future benefits in his face, that angered him. She threatened to disin- herit him in favour of her secretary— that was the quarrel. The will was already drawn up, but not signed. That Duke Hamlyn did not know." She shuddered. "He knew," she said huskily. "He has said so to me a hundred times." John Massingberd's eyes flashed. "Then I was right," he said quickly ; "you know where he is—you have been in communication with him." She saw she had made a false step. "I know it,'' she said, calming her- self with a strong effort. "Long ago, before—before the suspicion. He told me so, otherwise——" "Otherwise," interposed John Massing- berd, "you would have sheltered and assisted him." Her dress was not greyer or more hue- less than her face, as she snatched her hand from his arm, and turned and looked at him in the faint moonlight. "Who are you? What are you?" she stammered. "How dare accuse me of such things?" "I accuse you of nothing," he said almost tenderly. "You have done no wrong—only helped an unworthy man because of the 'tenderness and softness of your woman's heart. Only—are helping him still at your own peril, for his hiding- place is known." "Known!" she gasped. ''It is not true. You say it to frighten me." "I have never told you a lie, Barbara," he said gently. "It is my profession to be hard and severe in matters of justice, and, though I never played amateur de- tective before, I flatter myself I have not done it badly. Whom you had in hiding in the little secret chamber of your house in the Butterwalk, whose escape you have planned to-night—can you deny it is your cousin, Duke Hamlyn?" "But he is innocent," she moaned. "Indeed, indeed he is." "He is a coward," said John Massing- berd sternly ; and if he is innocent he can prove it. Only the guilty hide from justice." "Oh," she sobbed passionately, "how hard you are ; will nothing move you?" "Justice," he said, "is always hard." "But it holds mercy too," she urged, "and he has been thrust into a false position from the first. Oh, sir, how you know this I cannot tell. I trusted you —you were so kind and friendly—and my aunt believed you, too. You were admitted to our house when you pleased, and all the time you were plotting to break her heart—to bring ruin and dis- grace upon our heads, to poison our peace. Was it right, was it kind, was it honourable?" "No," he said gently, "it was not." The answer surprised her and checked her tears. She looked up at him in wonder. "Then, if you acknowledge that, won't you believe me?" she cried. "I would not plead for him if he were guilty—if this shameful crime could be proved. But that will take time, and if he were only safe——" "Do you love him?" asked John Massingberd suddenly. "Is he so dear that you can plead for him thus?" "She grew very pale. "Love him! No only for his mother's sake—she has been my only friend. It would kill her—I know it would! Oh, sir,don't be so hard! For the sake of Heaven, for the sake of that poor mother, for the sake of mercy, let him go! No one knows of this save you and me, and it is not as if you were really what you— what you called yourself just now. The law gives you no real power to arrest him, and one day you will know I was right ; the real criminal will be discovered, and then——" "Then," he said softly, and took her clasped hands in his, and looked down into the pathetic eyes with a great love and pity warming and lighting his own— "then you will know what I have done— for sake of a maid called Barbara." (To be Continued.) 