SPORTING. V.A.T.C. (CAULFIELD) RACES. [By Telegraph.] Mebourne, June 26. The June meeting of the V.A.T.C. took place on Saturday at Caulfield. The weather was glorious, and the attendance large. The racing was of a first- class description, large ?fields contesting almost every event. The proceedings opened with the Hurdle Race, which was won by S. Miller's Koolyte, who defeated Vet Again, Distiller, and a dozen ethers by aboat a length. Tbe Victoria Gold Cup only brought four horses to the post. Blackthorn was made a favorite with -money on him. He came round the last turn with a long lead, but ?went |on the wrong course followed, by "Roulette, and before the mistake was rectified Fickle W..S almost home. Blackthorn set off on a forlorn hope, but could not get nearer than Fixle's girth when -passing the post. A field of 31 paddled up for the Ladies' Trophy, which was won by Gadfly, half-sister of Malua, being by Lapidist out of Edella. Violet was second, and Duke of Athol third. Irishman won Mr. Miller's jumping double by appro priating tbe Steeple-chate from Terang, Black thorn, and five outers. The Ust event on the card was the Richmond Handicap, which fell to Maroncy. Lady Claudia and QcuutinMatsep filling places. Ht-EDLE HACK. Two miles. Koolyte, by Lapidtst—Harpy, 9 st. 11 lb. (Watson) 1 Vet Again (late EGppt-griff', 10 st. S lb. (FfSTgUSSOC) ... ... ... M . ... -. Distiller, 10 st 4 lb. (Mclvor) 3 Other starters—Mirtiij Sinking Fund, Gene ral Jackson, Vanderbilt, Problem, Ditto, G rattan, Arganthone, Oculist, Discount, Pre tender, Articulation. Betting—loo to (90 agst. Grattan, 7 to 1 Koolyte, 8 Vet Again, Sinking Fund, and Vanderbilt, 10 Mirth. Distiller and Koolyte were first away, and leaded tiie field to tiie turn, where Vander bilt unshipped his rider and got away. Pro blem was met into the straight, but Yet Again led put tbe stacd, followed by Sinking Fund, Distiller, General Jackson, and Koolyte, with Pretender last. At tbe turn Koolyte went to the front and led round tiie back, foUowed by Distiller and Yet Again. Here Problem ran up third, and this was the order into the straight. Iv the race home Yet Again set out after Koolyte, but the latter beld lus own, and comfortably won by a length and a quarter ; Yet Again beat Distiller for second honors by two lengths; Argantbone was fourth, then came Problem, Pretender, and General Jack son, the last three horses to come in being Mirth, Si-nlrir-g* Fund, and Articulation. Time, 4 mm. 12i sec. ""THE ITCTOBtAS COLD C**T. Two miles. Fickle, by Casfeidh, 12 at. (Mr, C. Glass cock} ... „ 1 Blackthorn, U at. 9 lb. Mr. W. Glasscock) 2 Roulette, 11st. 12 lb. <Mr. Hsrbottte) ... 3 Salesman also started. Betting—s to 4'on Bimekthaaj, 3to 1 against Roulette. 4 to 1 Fickle. Blackthorn led from tiie tall of tiie flag, the other three horses alternately fielding for placer. No accident happened till the last jump, where Salesman fell. Black thorn got over this obstacle with a good lead of Roulette, but the two hones named took the wrong course, and Fickle sailed into the straight with a long lead. Blackthorn, a soon aa bis rider discovered his error, went after Fickle, who allowed hnn to come within three quarters of a length of him when the winning post was readied. Roulette wasa bad third, and Salesman, remounted, cantered in.. Time, 4 mm. 44 see. lathes' tropht. She farlasm. Gadfly, by Lapidist—Eddla, 6 at 9 Ib. (Gorrv)". ~. ... _ 1 Violet, 6?t (Blair) ... ?, 2 Duke of Athol, 7st 4 lb. (Brown) ... ... 3 Other Starters—Boolka, Ghost, Anarchy, Gardenia, Tjrmbra, Sonny Days, Titibome, Stafford, Tub o' Silver, Arid, Deer, Lady Bell, Hannibal, -Snip, Mareney, Tfae King a Son, Essie, Edith, Stonebroke, LeporeDo, Pocahontas, "Paul. Mfflttreaim Comus, Es mond, Seaweed, Master John. Lord Sutton. Betthw—4 to 1 -against Staffiord,? Edithand Master John, 10 Gadfly aad Violet, 12 Essie, 14 Stafford. Theflj^rftllto a aAxaggling start, Maraney being Quickest away, bot Umbra soon -showed in the front, followed by Mareney, Boolka, aad Gadfly. Violet waa fort into the straight, witb Edith clove to her. Near home Boolka was very pra?ment,Dnkeof Athol bang cltae np. At the distance Gadfly -came m> on -tiie : outside-and won a fine ram from Violet by thu w ijiniterg of alexmth. Soke of Atbol-waa third, only ?? thcrt neck behind, Boolka fourth, Mai-on^y fifth. IFdith sixth, with Esmond last. Time, I mm. iBiaec STBEPU-CHASK. Two miles and a half. Irishman, by Infidel, 10 st. 13 lb. (Watson) 1 Terang, 10 st (Oorriean) 2 Blacktfcorn, XX st 7 lb. {W. Glasscock) ... 3 Other starters—Kanaka, Roulette, Nuisance, Consternation, Our-Bpy. Betting—s-to 2 against Terang, Sto 1 Irish man, 8 -toi Ronlatte. Irishman was first away and led past the stand, followed by Kaiiafra, Terang, and Blackthorn. Consternation stumbled at tbe second jump in tbe straight and unshipped his nder. At the fence on "the luU Onr Boy feO, but was aoon remounted. At the back Terang ran np second, bat was displaced at the sod WaU by Blackthorn, six lengths behbid the Irishman. The order was the same into the -straight, Kanaka bdng third. Pact tiie ut—d and round tfae turn Irishman ltd the field at a good pace. Tetang improved ins postiou round the back, awl at the sod wall overhauled TrtaKmnn Who bad Blackthorn not far from him, wiu Ka-isVa and Roulette nut. Terang led into thestacaifHit, followed by Irishman, Blackthorn, Ttamrira, and Roulette. Tbe first two named raced away from tiie field, and a fine race ended m Irishman -winning by two and a half lengths from Terang, who waa a dozen in front of Blai-Jk Ijmiii. Kanaka waa tonxtis, nod -Roulette fifth. "Kbne of the others -wpi-jtwd. Tone, 5 mm, 42 sec. BKHMORD HAKWCAP. One mile. Maroney, by Csptivator—Neta, 7 st. (Jofansoo) 1 Lady Claudia, 7 st. Sib. (Redfearn) ... 2 Quintin Mateep, 7?t 12 lb. (Power) ... 3 Other starters—Aliander, Meteor, Camerine, Bohemian, Ben Bolt, Straight Shot, Preston, Duke of Athol. Tabby, Doogalstoa. Hotiron, Kitty Fisher, C-any, and Black Snake. Betting—3 to 1 against Quin6n Mateep. 6 Aliander, € Ben "Bolt, 10 Meteor, 15 J>tty Clandia, 16 Maroney, 20 Cassy. Preston went to the front at the fall of the Sag, followed by Qufntin MJatsep, Maroney, and Bohemian. At the back Straight Shot took the lead in front of Pcestnn, aud at the ?cd wall had a nice advantage. Bohemian was second, followed by -Quintin Matsep, Maroney, and Lady Claudia, Quintin Matsep and Doke Athol coming very fast. At the distance Maroney came np and won a nice race by two lengths f rom Lady Claudia, who was a length in front of Quintin Matsep. Straight Shot was fourth, and then name Bohemian, Meteor, Preston, and Ben Bolt, with Bpcfcwith last. Time, 1 mm. 45 sec. 