MULTUM IN PARVO. Paper doors in America cost about the same as wood, and are said to be much better, because there is no shrinking, swelling, cracking, or warp- ing. The paper door is composed of two thick paper hoards stamped and moulded into panels and glazed to gether with glue and potash, and then rolled through heavy rollers. It is first covered with a waterproof coating and then with a fireproof coating, and is painted and varnished and hung in the ordinary way. Military ballooning has now reached such a stage in Germany that under officer’s are being trained in balloon steering. Two sergeants have just been awarded certificates attesting their efficiency in this art. The greatest number of executions took place in Henry' YIII’s reign during which, according to Hume, 72.000 theives and .rogues (besides malefactors) were hanged or beheaded. This was at the rate of about 2000 a year. In one year no fewer than 300 beggars were executed for soliciting alms. It is stated that M. Goubet, a French engineer, has invented anew type of boat which is destined to revolutionise naval tactics. This baleau-poisson, as it is called, is designed to place tor pedoes under the very keels of ships. Buddhism in Japan has been virtu ally disestablished since 1874. While there were 393,087 Buddhist temples in 1714 there are now but 57,824. Few new temples are built, and many are going to ruin. The remains of the Abbe Liszt, by request of the Grand Duke of Saxe- Weimar, will be permanently laid beside those of Goethe and Schiller, and the duke will erect a costly tomb already designed. Leaders of the many small Central American Republics are engaged in- a scheme of consolidation, and it is believed in a very short time the ‘ Central American Union’ will be proclaimed. It is estimated that there are abdut 700 millionaires in the world, divided among the different countries as follow' —United Kingdom, 200: America, 100 Germany, 100; France, 75; Russia, 50; India, 50; other countries, 125. Russian military men have been ex perimenting with anew explosive in tended to supplant the ordinary gunpowder. The substance, whose composition is as yet a secret, is said to have an explosive power greater than that of black dynamite, and to generate neither smoke nor heat. It is announced that the Viceroy of Pitchili, China, has concluded a con tract with agents of American manu facturers for the supply of tools for a large arsenal at Port Li. The con tract calls for an outlay of over 2.500.000 dols. General Lew Wallace, recently United States Minister to Turkey, says that the Turks love their children, are afraid of woman, do not get drunk, are the devoutest and politest of peoples, and always .bravo and heroic. For the ability and character of the present Sultan he lias the highest esteem. • An ordinary solution of gum camphor in whisky is said to be a permanent and excellent sympathetic ink. The writing must be done very rapidly, as the first letters of a word have disap peared by the time the last are written. Dipping the paper in water brings it out distinctly, and it becomes in-. visible again when the paper is dried. It can be brought oiit repeatedly with out affecting its, vividness. Tlie old residence of the Houghton line is another of the English houses which enjoys the attention of a well acoreditecl family ghost. This is the famous ‘Brown Lady of Houghton,’ who has appeared ; to dozens of guests —some with fine imaginative powers and nerves, and some without. Lord Beaconsfield encountered her in 1873, and she was the original of Sir Walter Scott’s ‘Lady in the Sacone.’ It has been discovered bv a r Chicago physician that suburban life is a power ful provocative of dyspepsia. Men are like animals, and must eat their meals quietly and leisurely to secure a perfect flow of the gastric juice. He who bolts his breakfast with his mind on the time-table and his eyes on the clock, and further outrages nature By a sharp run to catch the train, must sooner or later expect to pay. the penalty. r 