DRAMATIC NOTES. A boy and a girl of extraordinary size, children of Benjamin S. Crowell, of Port La Tour, Shelburne, arebeing exhibited at Yarmouth. The girl is thirteen years of age and weighs two hundred and sixty five pounds; the boy is two years old and veigha one hundred and ten pounds. The fathor isof ordinary size i the. miither i small, with thin features. . When Nye was leading man at Brighton, Charles Dillon, the great Belphegor, was engaged to star a ....London on-Sea for six nights. "Hamlet" was the opening piece, and Nye was east for the' Ghost. Rehearsal was called, and Mr. Dillon attended, and when he saw Nye he sat by'.the prompt. table watching= th ' Ghost' attentively, ?hilst the prompter read the lines of the Royal Dane... Nye began the' speech "I am thy father's spirit;" Dillon became deeply attentive. Nye had had just reached the end of the speech when Dillon suddenly rose and approaching the ghost said: "Come with me please. I want to speak to you," and he led the way off the stage. The startled Ghost was in the act of following when he was interrupted by his manageress with: "Whatever he may say, whatever faulthe may find, remember you are my leading gentleman and no one else shall play the part. .I am satisfied with you whatever he may be." Poor Nye, not knowing what to'make of it all, and having so much reverence for the star's ability, followed Hamlet out into the street in a nervous state of excitement. When, outside, Dilloiin, looking sternly at the Ghost, said: "You are; Mr. Nye, I think P" "Yes," faltered. thei Ghost. "A native of this town, I believe' "' The Ghost' admitted the 'soft iiimeischmeit. " Then," said Dillon, pulling vigorously at' his' imperial, "as Brighton is. famous for it, perhaps you can tell mowhere I canget some dairy-fed pork." Hainlet and the Ghost fraternised at once. The. 'Wilson-Majeroni.Opera Company are having 'a good time in Wellington. The proceedings instituted against them' to restrain them' from performing "The Bohemian Girl," "Maritana," &o.;, has proved a splendid "ad.," and the. artful Dodge, who .i now acting as advance agent, is doubtless chuckling. over the business. A Wellington paper, in speaking, of the recent performances of "Isidora," winds up a eulogistic notice with-" It may be nmntioned, with commendation, that there was no. reason to complain of the exces sively abbreviated,skirts which gave some umbrage in 'Bobadil.' In Isidora' everything is 'strictly proper.' : Great preparations at the Opera House for the production of ' The Sunny South', on, Boning Night;,' saysthe Observer. The scenic 'effects are expected to'. be excep tionally .;ood." George Darrell has'm~*de his mark as a writer of? se?nsationalplsj,'. and" 'sensationi. draws' like; a' a" utard plairti.' Indeed' nothing' attraectse''ibi" houses unless it is -opera bouffe; George' has' brought 'over quite; a ,bevy,'of :pretty. girls with.him, 'and if the old simile of the, herrings in.the cask.:does not apply.to the Opera House on the opening night I shall be very'msucli'surprised; ION BOUCICAUIT's ~ECOND MARRIAGE. Says the. London figaro:-The ..parti-, culars are to hand concerning Miss, Thori. dyke, who, although Mrs. Dion Bouciulli is living,in Englaqd, is alleged; to:have, miuried Mr.i Biucictuit' in Australia ' It appears.that five years ag' a lady named Tisdlslo. kept. a .boardinghouse,, in West 'I'weht-third-stret, "New York. He hospitalities , were shared by a :num her of professionial. people. Among these were ',an. a actss ,well-known and popular on t ieilocai stage. Mrs. Tisdale had-a daiughteir-hby a formier-mar sia'ge, niigied Jodephint Xeii't',aprittyann:' young girl who was possessedby a ragefor. going on.'the' stage. Hei'friendfwas en gaged for a series of performances in "Our Boarding House" at.Niblo's Garden, and took Miss Kent with her on the opening night. ;When, the :time.:cames,toxing the curtain up it was discovered than no ballet girl had been engaged for the important part of the boarder who is called in to prevent the.. fatal number of thirteen sitting at table. The stage manager ;. suggested , to: the , actress thatheryoung friendmight oblige themby going on, andthe opportunitywas accepted with rapture. Miss Keint'Ciiade her debut that week as the fourteenth at the table, and began to dream of herself as a rival of Miss Mary Anderson and Miss Clara Mor ris. Her actress friend found a nanme for her out of a favourite 'novel. ' She was christened for the theatre Louis Tho?rn dyke; and, after a probationary career at fMadison-square and elsewhlire, ?onit to Australia as second lady.with Dion Bouci cault. She is now reported to have mar 