3Boy0' Column EXPERIMENTS CHEMISTRY, FIREWORKS, &C.; (Aa there, is smnr d?n;/e.r in }>;? r/onninfi trichi of thui !;iud, the, >/ should he mnmujed with extreme caution, ?iul on no deroiuit be. attempted, by very young cuid iiicj'.jieri enccd persons. J 1.-TO OBTAIN FIKK FROM WATKlt. Throw n nmnll quantity of potassium on llic Riirtuco of a little water in a Imsin. Im mediately a rose-colouri'il fintn<; will be pro duced. Any vbemist will supply the qiim- tity for several. of thwoexperiments for a very emalt sum. 2.—TO GIVE A PAUTY A'GHASTLY AITRAKAXCK. Take-half a pint of spirits, and, having warmed it,'put a handful of salt with it into ,i basin ; then sot it. on fin. , , and it. will have the elToct of making every person look hideons. This feat must bo performed in a room. 3.-THE Finn AND WINK BOTTLE. Procure n tin bottle with a tube nearly as large ii 9 its neck, passing from the bottom of the neck to the bottom of tho bottle, in which there must bo a hole of a size to cor respond with it. Diitwcen the tuba ami tho neck of the bottle let there be sullleient space to allow you to pour in some wine, which will rmnain in the bottle outside tho tube, liegin the trick by pouring a glass of wine out of the bottle, through which a con federate will thrust a burning fur.cc into the tube, so that, at your command, fire is emitted from the mouth of the bottle. As soon as tho tire is exUnguisb(Kl,or withdrawn, you can take up your bottle again, and pour out mere wino. 4.—THE FI.BKY FLASH ' Let n quantity of minute iron filings drop upon the flame of a caudle from, a sheet of paper about, eight or ten inches above it; as they dosend into the llaine, tbey will enter into a vivid and sparkling combustion. S.—TO BOIL A LIQUID WITHOUT FIRE. Put into a thin phial two parU of oil of vitriol and one part ot water; by stirring them well together, the mixUiro instantly iiecomcs hot, and acquires ft* temperature above that nf boiling water, h\—TO PROCURE HYDROGEN'G AS.'' Provide a phial with a cork stopper."' through which is thrust a piece of tobacco pipe. Into the phial put a'few pieces ot ?*.iiic, or small iron nails; ou this pour a mix ture of equal parts of sulphuric acid (oil of vitriol) and water, previously mixed in a tea cup.to prevent accidents. Replace the cork stopper with the piece of tobacco- pipe in it,; the hydrogen gas will then bo liberated through the pipe in a smalt stream. ' Apply t.ho flame, of a c.wllo or taper to this stream, and it will immediately take tiro, and burn with a clear flame until all the hyilr'ngou. in tho phial hu exhausted. -In thUexiterf j ment the r.inc or iron, by tho action ot the I acid is dissolvcd,thus taking the oxygen from i tho sulphuric acid and water; the hydrogen (the other constituent part of tho water) is thereby .liberated and 'ascends,. "7.—TO'COPY WRITING WITH A FLAT- IRON. Mis a little sugar in the ink. which is iwoiV. for the'writing. Lay a sheet of. unsized paper (that is, soft white paper) damped with a sponge, on'tbo-written p'tper, and passing lightly over it a fiat-iron, moderately heated, a copy may be easily taken. S.-TO MAKE FRINGE APPEAR ABOUT THE FLAME OF A CANDLE. Trocurc two pieces of plate-glass, moisten two of their sides with water, put them to gether, and look through them at the candle, when jtiu will see the llanio surrounded by beautifully coloured fringes. Thi-i is the effect of moisture intermixed with portions of air, and presents an appearance similar to dew. 9.—TO PJIODUCI3 INSTANTANEOUS LIGHT UPON ICK. Throw upon ice a small piece cf potassium, and it will burst into a bright flame. 10.—TO MAKE PAPER FIREPROOF To accomplish this, dip a shc*;t of paper in n strong solution of atlum water.nitd'whcn dry repeat tho. process two or three times. : When it is'thoroughly dried, you way put it ] in the Harm: of a candle and it will not burn, . 11.—TO MELT LEAD IN PAPER. j Procure a very smooth ball of lead and and wrap it up in a piece of paper, taking care that there be no wrinkles in it, anil that it bo everywhere in contact with tho ball. Hold it in this state over tho finmesof a taper, and tho lead will be melted without nn pip.tr b\i.ni burnt. The lead, when ono fused, will in .-"..short time pierce the paper, and, of course, run through. 12.—T0 MELT STEEL AS EASILY AS LEAD. ?With n pair of tongs and pincers h/jlil ft piece of steel in the. lire till it is red hot, then touch it with a stick of brimstone, whan the contact will cause the steel to melt aud drop like a liquid. 13.—A LIGHT THAT BURNS -FOR A YEAR. Put a stick' of phosphorus into a largo dry phial, not corked, anil it will givs a light suilloient to distinguish any object in the room when placed close to it. If the phial be kept in a cool place, where there is no groat current of air, its luminous appearance will be retained for several months. 14—FLAME EXTINGUISHED P-Y GAS. Place a lighted caudle in a jar, and let carbonic gas be 'pouted upon it from another jar. 1 n a few seconds tho flame will be ex tinguished, though the eye is incap-ablc of observing that anything is being poured out. 15.—THE TOBACCO-PIPE CANNON. Tako of saltpetre one ouuee, cream of tartar ono ounce, sulphur one ounce ; beat them to powder separately, then mix them together. Put a grain into n pipe of tobacco, and when it is.lighted it will givo the report of a musket, without breaking the pipe, lly putting as much as may lie on your nail in n small piece of paper, and setting lire to it, tremendous reports will be the result. 10.—PRINCE KUPERT'S DETONATING GLASS ISOMJiS. These may be made in tho following manner:—Drop somo small pieces of common green glass, while red hot, Into cold water, when they will assume n tear-like form. The spherical portion will bear very rough treat ment, but tho instant the smallest part of the tail be broken off the whole Hies into countless fragments. Many experiments be performed with theso curious drops, but being attended with danger, aro omitted here. 17.—T0 WASH THE HANDS IN MOLTEN LEAD. Take one ounce of quicksilver, two ounce* of good bole-ammoniac, half an ounce of camphor, and two ounces of aqua-vltie ; mix them together, and put them into a brazen mortar, beating them with a pestle. Hub the bonds nil over with the ointment, nud tbey may be put into molten lead with iin? punlty; the nielai boing pmirciV upon t-bqia * will neither burn nor scald, y' \ ; 18.-TO WALK ON A HOT IRON BAR. i Take half an ouu<;e of camphor, dissolve, it iv two ounces of aqua-vitiu ; add lo it one ounce of quicksilver and ono ounco ot liquid Htorax (which ia tho droppings of | myrrh, nn I prevents the camphor from firing). Take also two ounces of kematia | (that ia, red stone,—may be, had at, the drug, gist's), and beat it to a powder. Add this to tho ingredients already Hpc.Vtlied; and pre vious to performing thu fent anoint your foot well with it, and you may then walk on red hot iron without the slightest danger. . 19.—T0 MAKE WATKIt FREEZE BY i THE FIRESIDE. . . , ! The curious feat can only ho performed in winter. Tut- a quart pot upon a atool before the lire, throwing-.it little water upon the stool first. Then put a handful of snow into the pol, and privately convey into it also a blind fill of salt. Stir it about for eight or nine minutes with a short stick, and the con-. : gelation will bo cfl'cctc.l. 20.—T0 jrAIvKAUTiI''IOfALI*TR!SIULLS ; Put thirty grains of phosphorus into a Florence flask,'with three or four ounces of water. I'lacc the vessel over a lamp, and givo it a boiling beat. Balls of fire will soon bo seen to issue from the water, after the manner of au artificial firework, .attended': with tho most beautiful coruscations. ; 21.—T0 MAKE AN ARTIFICIAL KABTII- i QUAKE AND VOLCANO. Mix- eijual parta of pounded sulphur and iron filings, and having formed the wliolo into a piv*tu wilh water, bury nuerlnin' qitaii tity of it (forty or fifty pounds, for example) nt about the depth of a foot below tho suf ' face of tho earth. In ten or twelve hours after, if the weather bo warm, the earth will swell and burst, and throw tip (lame, which will enlnrgo the aperture,-scattering around n yellow and blackish dust, - 22.—T0 PRODUCE FIRE II" ROM CANE, The Chinese rattans, which are used when split, for making cane chairs, will, when dry, if struck against each other, give tiro ; and are used .accordingly in some places in linuof (lint aud steel. . '2a....T0 SOFTEN 1 HON OR STEEL.",'' Either of the following simp It methods will make iron or steel as.soft as lead:-— 1\. Take n. little clay, cover your iron with it, temper it in a charcoal lire. 2\. When thu iron or steel ia red hot strew hellebore on it. ,'(, ljueiieh the iron or steel In the juice or water of common beans, i 21.—T0 FILL WITH SMOKE TWO AI'PA BENTLV EMPTY. BOTTLES. Rinse out, ouo botiln with .hartshorn,'and another bottlo with spirit-) uf salt; .next, brill*; tho bottles together month to mouth ; both will at, once 'be'-pervaded with'whitu vapors. The vapors iv question arc com posed of sal ammoniac—a solid body gsjno. rated by the union of two invisible giics. 2.-..-TO.MAKK LUMINOUS WHITING IN THE DARK. Fix a small piece of solid, phosphorus in a ??quill, nnd writo with. it. \\)[H:h paper ; if tin; paper ba then placed in .a dark room, tha writing will appear beautifully luminous. 2G.-TO MAKE RED FIRE. The beautiful red (ire which is used in tho ?1 heat-res is composed of the following ingre dients:—Forty parts of dry nitrate of stron tian, thirteen parts of'finely powilcied sul phur, five parta of chlorate of potash, and four parts of sulphiuet of antimony. 27.—T0 MARK GREEN l*T HIS. ' Flour of sulphur thirt-uuu parts, nit into cf baryta seventy-seven, oxymiiri.ile ot putn?si*i five, metallic arsenic two, charcoal three,- tho nitrate of-baryta should, bo well dried and powdered, 2C—To Makh Wis-k on Bu.vsd y Float ' ox Watuu. To perform this scorning impossibility .take a tumbler half full of water, and placing a ' piece of thin muslin over the top of ihusamci gent ly strain tho brandy or wine through'the muslin, iwv.l it will remain on the top of the water. _l>.'—-To M.UCK ItEAVTIFUI. TIIASSPARENT-. (JOI.OKKI) WaTEK. Tho following liquors, which are colored, being mixed, produce colors very different from tlieir own. The yellow tincture of saf fron nnd the red tincture of rosea, when mixed, produce a ?green. Blue tine turn of violets and brown spirit of sulpliur iivenluec '. a crimson. Bed tincture of roses mid broivii ? spirits of hartshorn make a bluo. Blue tine- j lure of violets and blue solution of copper j give a violet color. Blue tincture of cyauus j and blue spirit, sil ammoniac, colored, make ' green. Blue solution of Hungarian vitriol and broivu lye of potash make yellow. Blue solution of Hungarian vitriol .anil red tinc ture of roses mako black. Blue tincture of cynnus and green solution of copper prodnco red. 30.—T0 Suarii-Nii a ItiNd uy.a Thukaii, after thi; TiiitKAi) has ni'-s.N Bi'ii.vr. Soak a piece thre;ul in common salt water. Tio it to a ring, not larger than it wedding ring. Whqn you apply the flame of n candle to it, it will burn to ashes, but yd sustain the ring. 31.—Tim Maoii* li.wminatoii, A vessel containing a certain white powder is ploccd upon the table, when the operator ndvancca, waving his wand and uttering some magic words coined by himself, when, lo I of n sudden tho room is lighted up wilh a brilliant light, so effulgent that it dims the eyes of tho apectatora I The powder is com posed of equal weight* of loaf sugar and chlorate of potash, separately reduced to tine powder, and then well mixed together. Place the mixture in n. cup, and when the powder is touched with the least drop of sulphuric acid it will iuslant.lv burst into a flame. Toe cm', of tho brass rod should ho dipped in the acid immediately before use. 32,—T0 Makb a BniLLiAOT Lkuit mo.M Stkkl. Tour, into a watch-glass a little sulnhuret of carbon, aud light it; hold in the ilamon bruah of steel wire, and it will burn beauti-. fully. A watch-spring may also be burnt iv it. 33.—OiiKMiOAi, Ei-iTirr ov Lii'irt'. Wash a piece of paper in a'weak solution of salt and water; dry, ami then wash it with a strong solution of nitrate of silver; dry it in Iho dark, and, when drj-, expose it to the sun's light; though colorless beforo, it will now soon become blnck. A picture may bo made by placing a dried plant, a bit of lace, kc, upon the paper previous to ita exposure to light. 31—Tn Tut Tiikek Liquids in a Ola*-; ANi'Diu.N'icKiTiir.n Without Disitkb- ISii THK OTHKItt. Make a strong syrup of white sugar nud. water, put il about a third up in a tall gla<s, I then pour in carefully some milk, which will float on the syrup; then on the top of the milk pul some port-win.*, which will float on the milk. Nov.* you may undertake to drink cither of the lower liquids without disturb ing the wine, by taking a straw ami putting it carefully into cither the. milk or sugar, aud slicking it up through. 35.—Fountain ov Fihk. Add gradually on*j ounce of sulphuric acid to six ounces of water in an earthen basin. Then add three-quarters of an ounce ol _ranulatcd zinc, -witlr a few* pieces of-puos jihoi'iis the si/.o of ,i - rii./ Gas bubbles : --w*niJ r bo Immedinleiy.'pr.nijced,' which take firo oh-j the surface of the effervescing liquid, nnd j lhc whole, surface of tin) liquid will directly j become illuminated; fire-balls nnd jets of ftru will dart, fmm the bottom through the fluid wilh great rapidity. 30.—Thb Ptn.u, ot* Tiir, Pouu EIiBMUNTH, 'I'nko a phial, fix or seven inches long, and about tbree-'iuailors of an inch in diameter- Into this phial put, lust, glass coarsely, now. dcroil ; tiecon-.lly, oil of tartar per deliquinii),* thirdly, liuetui'o of salt of tartar jand lastly, , clisiilJcd-rock oil, .-?.?'? Tliu glass and (ho various liquors being of '? i dilTcruiit densitie.-),, if you shako tlw piiial, ! find then let it. rest, a fo.'.v moments, the three i liquors will cnlireiy separate, and each iis siime ita place; thus forming no indifferent I reseml>laiiee,.?E- the .four elements, enrt-li, firo,, water, and air; the p nVilered gins* (which should be of siimo dark color) representing the carl h ; tho oil of .tartar, water; the ? tincture, air; and the rock oil, lire. j 37.—Fi.asuks op Fiiiu fhom Watch. i Pom* a littlo clear Water into a small glass , tumbler, and put ono ot* two small pieces of phosphurct of lime into it. In a short timo. Hashes of fire will dart from the surface of the water, mid terminate in ringlets ol : smoke, rising in regdlav succession. 33,—T& Maicf. Tin-: .Hands anp Pack ' ? LtI.MISOUS. Put a piece ot ]i?iosphonis, about tlio size ot a peri, into an ounce or 50 of ether. After ' a time, portions of tho phosphorus . will dis solve, and if the hands an I face bo rubbed with this solution, which is perfectly barm ? less', the operator willsivm on tire, and iv -, the dark would -pass for a respectable ghost. ;-3f>.-_To Tlai:b a Tba-Kbttlkfi.-i. on j BoitiNii Watch i*J'<>n tub Nakku Hanu WITHOUT IN.I''IIV. j Whilst n tua-kultle is boiling upon the file i and for a few svoouds after its rumoval, n ! layer of steam,exists between the bottom <>r I the''tea-kettle and the water which it con : tiiins. Now, the layer of steam in question 'is a bad conductor of heat; wherefore the toa- kcltlc may be taken direct from the firo nud laid Hat upon Ihu hand without giving rise to any disagreeable perception', of heat, [ I have hoard tho success of this experiment ('attributed lo a disposition of-soot upon (he j outside of the tea-kettle. This is an error :. a perfectly clean tea-kettle, heated over a /charcoal lire, which deposits no soot, may b'j i handled as described above. 