CAULFIELD TRAINING NOTES- Montlav. The weather was very pleasant on Monday morning, and as tho big events to be decided at the ensuing spring meeting aro closely ap proaching most of tho horses engaged are be- ginning to move along. Trainers were rather late in making a start, work commencing just about 7 o'clock. Silvermine, in company with Tho Chanter, was given half pace exerciso on the tan ; tho son of Napoleon seems to have recovered himself again. Jim Cain moved along at a good useful paco, Little John and King of tho AYesfc were moving along on tho tan for' good useful work. Footman, looking fresh tind well, Btrode along for a round or two in oompany.with First Pop, Berkloy and Cad- land, . Grace Darling, Millstroam," Hot Iron, Tho Crane, Gadfly and Empress, all in the samo stable, went auitable work. Clarendon and St. Albert worked in company, as also' did Blondin, Lord Allon, and Highland Chief, the latter with M. O'Brien up, Bonnie Lad and Geraldine wero treated to. a pipe opener on tho sand. Lady Ashton, The Loafer and others of his team performed good preparatory exorcise. Ckuckstor bounded along on the tan, moving nice, and freely, having his old jock, O'Brien, up ; ho seemed to go as well as ever ho did. Bon Bolt and Western wore restricted to slow paco oxerclso. Tho Sussex horse, An archy, Warfield, Ambassadress, Warning, White bait nnd Bridegroom cantered. Preston, Isa bel, Uestus, Alexandria and n horso by Conrad moved along steadily. Bonnie Doon went useful work. Messrs. Jones, Harper, Davis, Robin son and Leek's, and tho remainder of tbo other string, were present doing the usual morning's oxeroise. Tuesday. There was a fair sprinkling of visitors on Tuesday morning, who seemed to take great interest in the various Cup candidates. Lot tery was tho first to take possession of the sand, and was treated to a couple of turns at a good working paco, Patience finishing the last two or three furlongs with him. Cricket brushed along on the tan. Lord Allen, with O'Brien up, after putting in some slow pace, moved along for a' furlong or two to wind up with. High land Chief strode gaily along tho gras3 for a round. Kenneth was givon a round on tho sand at a good working pace. Master John and Beokwith went suitabio work. Gloatworth and Lady Lovell, 2-year-olds, wore despatched for a spin ovor four furlongs, both finished together, and had colore up. A rathor nlco looking colt by Robinson Crusoe, out of Dagmar, and Golden Fleece, woro can tering. Eugene and Louise Berta wero ox- tended over six furlongs. Warfield and Anarchy strode along on tbo grass. Footman and Berke ley, who aro engaged at Ballarat on Friday, covered a couple of ronnds on tbo sand for good work. Carnarvon, Bonnie Lad and Re tort were tried over five furlong3, and answered the task very satisfactorily ; tbo latter finished a mile alone. Lady Ashton wout long serviceable work on the sand. The cup candi dates, Silvermine and Bonnie Doon, after doing a turn on tho grass at a vory mild canter, wero despatched for a good working gallop, which they completed vory nioely, tbe pair moving freely and well. Chicago and Faithful wero doing from medium to half paco oxeroise. Tho Chanter, Sirocco nnd others in tho same stable wero doing useful oxercise. Clarendon, with a good big weight up, was given strong work ovor tho Caulfield Cup courso in company'with St. Albert and Young Horatio. Geraldine and Nabocklish wero cantering and spirting. Millstream, who was asked to canter and obstinately refused, was ultimately persuaded to go the roverso way. Nothing wont better than Grace Darling who, with a light boy up, circled a very good turn round tbo hurdles on the course proper, tbo mare having Empres3 to help her homo tho latter part of tho journoy. Tbe Stag, looking well, went a strong turn on the tan. Epi curean, with Dougalston, cautered nnd spirted from tho borne turn. ' Mia Mia brushed along for a ooupio of furlongs. Louis II., Delamia and Violet were similarly treated. Now York, with G. Blair in tbe saddle, put in a round on the grass at a good swiuging canter. Bohemian and Buzzd arrived hero yesterday from Sydney. Gadfly nnd Hot Iron ran four furlongs in com pany. Tho Crane went at slow pace. Fusee wont slow paco work, moving along at a good sharp canter to finish up. Preston did somo useful work, a Uttlc over a mile. Costus, Isa bel and Alexandria woro moving along for useful work. Ben Bolt with M. O'Brien in tho pig skin was allotted a turn on the grass, Ohuckster, as usual, accompanying for ubout a milo, the old horse easing off, and allowing tbo Cup favorite to finish alono ; Western, In tbo same stable, also strodo along for useful work. Tho Ghost, with T. Williams up, ran a very strong three quarters. Littlo John traversed a round on the course proper, Jack going with him the first part of tho journey; and Jim Cain the last threo furlongs ; the termor, as nsnal, had to be driven along to keep company with his companions. GucouIub Esurians, King of tbo West, Victor and Symbol were on tho tan, brushing along at intervals. There were numerous othsrs at work during tho morniug, but nothing worthy of note took placo. Thursday. There was a large attendance on tbe course on Thursday and a vory satisfactory morning's work was got through. A start was made about 6 o'olock. Clarendon and St. Albert, after cantering, moved along on tbo grass, tho former covering a mite and a half in fine style, Young Horatio assisting him the latter part of tho journey. Kenneth was tho next to appear, and he was oagorly scanned as ho trotted on the sand, winding up by going on tbe grass, and running a strong 6 furlongs, Master John coming home with him. Nabooklish- and Geraldine put in a couple of turns over the schooling hurdles. This pair, whoaro engaged in tho M. H.U. Hurdlos next Saturday, understand tbo businoSs very well. Crown Brand and Laud Shark wero given use ful work. Lady Ashton strode along on the sand for good work. : Bonuio Lad went a couple of turns, the last at it good working pace. Car narvon and Eugene brushed along for G fur longs. . Louisa .Berta striding from tho milo to tbo half mile. Warfield, Anarahy, Lando and Ambassadress all brushed along over S or 6 furlongs. - The Bohemian, looking nono the worse niter his trip to Sydney, was on tho tan doing -good healthy exercise. Mia Mia and Epicurean were spirting.: Alexandria and Louis IL covered 4 furlongs nicely. Perhaps the best work of the morning, was that done by Bilverralue, who, in company with Bonnie Doon; .covered a oiroie on the grass in very fair time. The son of Napoleon moved along very nicely, and seemed to pleaso the spectators immensely. Ohloago and Faithful went long useful work on the sand,- Albauus and Cadlaud were given a couple: of turns on the tenet a good working pace. Hannibal, in company with .Boreas, went : slow pace: oxeroise, the latter, afterwards ' worked on the bqqcL Fotiencoi Cricket and Lottery wero doing good sound work on- the sand and tan. Tbo Loafer was restricted to medium paco exorcise on the tan. Union went three rounds on tbo tan, tbe last at a good sharp pace. Littlo John was the next to take possession of the grass, Jack running with him the first six furlongs and then eased off, Jim Cain picking tho Cup horso np and finishod slightly in front of him ; this was a good strong working gallop. Graco Darling went once round. the course proper for nice work. .Gadfly and Empress strode along for half mile. Lord Alien and Highland Chioi cantered and spirted. Fusoe, Union Jack and Ajax went eteady exerciso on tho tan. Daystar and Dexter were doing nico striding exorcise ovor 5 or G furlongs. Camorine moved along on tho grass. Borkley, Footman and First Pop left this moruing for Ballarat. . 