An Unmasked Card-Sharper. IBB STORY OP A TOUKa MAS WHO WAS DETECTED CHEATIHO AT A CLUB. Tbey were discussing the latest soandal. A young men of good connections had been ignominioUBly expelled from a olnb. Playing in collusion with a professional gambler, he had oheated at cards, and in a few months had won a considerable sum. "And has he killed himself?" asked some one. "Bahl" replied another. " Do men kill themselves for so little nowadays? It was ditrent in the good old times." " In the good old times, as yon call them," said old General Roy, " those who adopted tho oard-sharper'B profession killed themselves no more than do those of the present time. A few exceptions there may havo been among those who were detected at the onteet. But if the first attempt succeeded, they did as they do to-day, they quickly accustom themselves to their degradation. Ah, it is bo easy I When respect for his own good aam« will not restrain a man at tho first step, it is entirely dead within him, and even a soandal will not revive it. By the way, I can tell you of a curious oase in point, where tbe hero blew out his brains, but it was not suioide. No, strange as it may sound, it was not a suicide. Listen; 11 < It was some fifty years ago. The prese of that time was not tbe terrible gossip tbat it is to-day, and sensatianal news never passed oertain bonnds. There were not fewer scandals, but the scandals were less known Kb In fact, I think there was rather more. Not that we were more virtuous, but tbe fear ot publicity is oertainly a great cheok. " Among the elegant young follows, the gilded youth of those days, who furnished the greater part of the scandalous gossip by their eccentricities and duels, was a young gentleman attached to tho king's household. I shall call him the vioomte Roland. The name was an illustrious one ; in faot, the vioomte was the fruit ot one of those mixed marriages introduced by Napoleon I. General Comte Roland, whose heavy cavalry charges are matters of history, had married the daughter of the Marquis de Bransao, a member of one of the wealthiest and most powerful families of Frtmoe. His son was then about twenty-six years of age. He had not the robust, plebeian boauty of hie father, who bad been one of tbe handsomest men in tbe army. He was rather the delicate and distinguished grace of his mother, whose idol he was. Having loved her husband pas- Cpnitely, the countess was now wrapped op in her son. " The extravagant life led by the Bon had oauBcd a quarrel between the parents. The oonntess lived in the Bransao H6tel, one of the finest in the Faubourg Saint Germain, while the general, secluding himself in a little ohateau in the foreBt of 86nart, passed his time in the pleasures of the chase. They say he had ill-treated his wife, but it was utterly untrue. The fact is that there had been between the general and his wife two terrible scenes. " The first was caused by an idea which - took possession of the countess. She found this name ' Roland' too plebeian for her Bon, and tormented 'her husband to obtain the king's authority to add to it that ot De Bransao. The general energetically refused. "' My name bas sufficed for me,' said he, for me who have made it famous, It will do for this fine gentlemen, my eon. If he does not find it brilliant enough, let him try to add to its lustre.' " The second scene was brought abont by the vioomte abducting a ballot dancer, and by a duel Bnd a debt whioh were the consequences of this littlo aCair. The general brought tbo son bofore his mother and roughly reproved him for his lolly. Instead of supporting her husband, the bountoss made excuseB for her son. Women always are indulgent toward the man in a love scrape. " As the general told hie son that his fortune was not BuScient to maintain BUch scandalous absurdities, the countess unhappily interjected: " Oh, tbe fortune of the De Bransaas Will amply suffioc for him. " She had not calculated the effect of her speech. An hour later the general left the hotel and went to his chateau; at the end of a week the family notary informed the countess that her. entire personal fortune was at her disposal. Ths separation was complete, and the general lived albne on the fifteen thousand francs whiob constituted the revenue he received from bis own fortune. "The son made duoks and drakes of her fortune. At the end of six months the countess was bait rnined, and the energy of the notary alone saved her from her eon'B extravagances. "All at once it bocame known that the vioomte Roland no longer belonged to the king's household, and that ho bad handed in bis resignation as lieutenant in a cavalry regiment. That is what was given out, but rumours of a different character were afloat. The countess no longer appeared in public, but oonfined herself to her hotel. In a few weeks she seemed ten years older. "The vioomte, after a voyage of Borne weeks in Italy, returned to Paris, took apartments in the Rue de la Chaussia d'Antin, and lived the life of an idler on the pension of a thousand francs a month allowed him by his mother. It would be little to-day; but at that time it enabled a man to make a figure in the fashionable world. He passed his time between love adventures, the theatres, and the green table. Then little by little his elegance and his eccentricities began to be talked about. Clubs were not as plentiful as they are now, but the gilded youth and the gamesters had a few of them where lovers of the green cloth could amuse themselves. " One evening when the Vicomte Roland, after having won a considerable snm from one of his friends, offered him his revenge, ois opponent rose, and pushing away the cards, looked at him in a singular manner. "' Well, no, Roland,' said he; ' what with yonrluck with women and your luokwith cards, yon have too muoh luck for one man,' "Roland, though somewhat choleric, demanded no explanation, and contented himself with laughing, " Seme days after, the Prefeot ot Police announoed himself to the general at his ohateau. What passed between them I do not know. All that is known of the afiaii is that they returned together to Paris. " At eleven o'clock of the evening following that interview, the vicomto was seated at a table playing £cart<£. He had just won ten succesBives games from an Englishman, who, passing through Paris on his way home, had been introduced at the club by one of the members. Roland had a considerable sum before him. The loser bad just risen, and betore leaving the table bad bowed thrice, when an elderly gentleman approached the table. "' Will tbe Vioomte Boland permit me to take the gentleman's revenge ?' " The young man paled. It was bis father. "' As you are a bold player, I offer you a bold game. It will be useless for you to say that it is too high. Read.' And the general handed him a note folded twice. " The vioomte glanced over it, and shuddered visibly. "'Do yon aocept?' "Ho bowed. The general seated himself opposite his son, cut a king,' and dealt the cards. He won tbe first hand. When it was the vicomte's deal he trembled slightly, and a strange light Bhone in his eyes; nevertheless, be played on. The general won again. " Tbe vicomte roec, pale as a ghost, and in a smothered voice said: " 1 In an hour, Bir, I shall have acquitted myself." " He left the room without another word, " On the following' morning the guardians of the Bois de Boulogne brought in the body of tbe Vicomte Roland. His head was blown to pieces, bis hand still grasping the pistol. In a portfolio was found an unsigned scrap ot paper, on whioh were the words: The loser will blow out hit bra inf. "Tho pretended Euglishman was an accomplished card-sharper, sent by the Protect of Police. The three bows bad been the sign agreed upon between him and the general to indicate that the vicomte had cheated. " Tbe game was one for life and death between father and eon. Both were dishonored—the eon by his own aot, the father by the eon's. But this dishonour was a sccret, whioh threatened to become an open shame. Death could stifle it—the son's death or the father's, for the stern old soldier would himself have disgraced his son had that son not kept their pact. The pries of the general's secrecy was his son's life."—Tramlatei from the French of Edooard Siebccker, 