Wealeyan Church Jubilee. Rev. S. WILKINSON'S LECTURE. As stated in our last issue, Rev. S. Wilkinson delivered a lecture on Tuesday afternoon in the Wesleyan Church on ' Christian workers of the early days of Bathurst.' The Rev. Lecturer based his remarks upon the words ' For according to this time it shall be said of Jacob and of Israel ' What hath God wrought.' ' After referring to the occasion calling forth the utterance from the lips of the gentile priest, and the applicability of the words to the procress of the work of God in the world he said: — While we rejoice in all the good which God has wrought by the instrumentality of other Christian Churches in the Bathurst district, we are specially called this day joyfully to celebrate the praises of God for all the good he has wrought by his Christian workers, especially by the founders of the Wesleyan Church in Bathurst, and to remember all the way in which the Lord our God has led us all these forty years. The Lord of heaven and earth, the King of nations, the God of Britain, has made all the nations of one blood to dwell on all the face of the earth, and we rejoice to recognise ourselves as a nation, allied to the whole family of manhood of all nations. We also acknowledge God's prerogative in fixing the bounds of human habitation. The King of nations in the exercise of providential dispensa tion reserved this great Australian Island continent for Britain, for when it is remembered that Dutch, Spanish and French navigators and explorers discovered and made some effort to take possession of this grand South land for their several Governments, and yet strangely to hoist their several flags, and, further, how re markable it was that La Peyrouse, on this very mission to make Australia a French possession, was lying off our coast, happily a day too late, for the immortal Captain Cook had but just hoisted the British flag and proclaimed Australia a British possession — we recognise that we are placed under lasting obligations to our God for the gift of this great and good land. Our first Governor, Phillip, wrote ' Australia promises to become to become the brightest gem in the British crown :' and it was owing to these remarkable interpositions in Britain's behalf that I am addressing at this time an audience of English or Anglo Australians, not of stolid Dutchmen, nor sombre Spaniards, nor mercurial Frenchmen, as it might have been. This was a matter for national rejoicing, for it was not by hereditary right, or purchase, or diplomacy or conquest, but by discovery and taking possession ; and the peaceful and undisturbed possession to-day calls not only for local but national rejoicing. Here I aver that the character of the early settlers of any country or district constitute the chief factors of good or evil, of prosperity or adversity. I could with pleasure pay an honorable tribute to the many who came from the old country and settled in this Western District, but time and the occasion forbids. In this imperfect retrospect of what God has wrought among you do not think me clannish if I call upon you to rejoice with singing that such men of enterprise, industry and moral worth as (I am speaking only of the departed or absent) William Tom, William Lane, William Thompson, George Hawke, John Glasson, Thomas Bonear, William Sweetnam, William Rowe, Richard Lane, the Bray's, the West's, the Halls, the Muttons, the Whalans, and others of our communion, — that these men, with their excellent wives, were induced to leave their native land and come to Australia and cross the Blue Mountains and settle in this Western District. We as representatives of every interest, material, social, intellectual, moral and religious, rise up this day to bless their memories, even as the descendants of the Pilgrim Fathers of America commemorate their arrival. Thank God! They leave lively successors not only of their names but of their excellent qualities. May the next Jubilee have as honorable a record to give to their successors who shall rise up in their places. We speak not only of the fathers but of the mothers of our Israel, for I declare to the glory of God's creative power and goodness who made them, and to the glory of His grace who redeemed them, physically, mentally and morally as help mates for their husbands, as mothers, house maids, members of the community and of the church, there were to be found amongst them some of the best women then living. May their sons and their daughters prove them selves worthy of such a parentage ! Dear friends, you owe much to those blessed women whom God gave you in this Bathurst Circuit as it was then constituted. Some of them had excellent gifts in prayer and praise. Assembled here as we now are in this beautiful and magnificent church, which so honorably takes the place of what may be called two others on this sacred spot — for the last was so enlarged and transformed as virtually to make two in one — bear with me if I say, to me the primitive church and the primitive congregation still have their antique charms, as they may have to a few of you. In those early days the erection of the first church by a few of our adherents was a great and generous Christian enterprise, but God sustained them in building up a house for His name and worship. The first church was erected and then opened and consecrated by Rev. Joseph Orton, of blessed memory, after whom Orton Park was called — the old church, where it was my pleasure to minister here 43 years ago. I still have a lively remembrance of the congregation at that time. A few remain ; others are gone to bear some humble part in the immortal song, where yonder, as here — Wonder and joy still tune their hearts, And love inspires their tongues. The choir is a prominent object in every church, but then each chorister sang from his own family pew. The public and social ordinances were well attended. The worshippers in town and country congregations had amongst them those who sought to gather congregations else where and minister to them ; notably our friends at Cornish Settlement, for distance did not separate us and them. We devoutly reiterate ' What hath God wrought !' not only in the Christian graces of his servants, but in their spiritual gifts ; for but for the operation of His good Spirit in qualifying lay preachers, exhorters and leaders the tabernacles of Israel could never have been as valleys spread forth, as gardens by the river's side, but a solitary congregation in the town of Bathurst, and all the people in the outlying district left to perish and say ' No man careth for our souls.' Those blessed men whose hearts the Lord had touched came to the help of the Lord against Satan and the mighty influences of ignorance, error, superstitution and sin. To some extent they carried the gospel message, and here and there in several localities preachers were raised up and the word of the Lord ran and was glorified, and believers were edified. To a Methodist audience all this may seem trite, but we say with the Apostle Paul to the Corinthians — ' Though ye should have ten thousand in- structors in Christ, yet have ye not many Fathers.' Here we desire to note with emphasis concerning the infant church the importance that attached to those occasional visits which the Wesleyan Ministers of Sydney paid to our Bathurst friends in fostering the good work, among the visitors being Revs. Joseph Orton, William Schofield, a representa tive of whom he saw was present and J. McKenny. The time arrived when a stated ministry was established, but who were the chief means of obtaining and sustaining a minister and pastor but those fathers in our Israel? The time soon came when the minister went abroad in the circuit, and some of them most acceptably and efficiently ministered to the town congregation. Mr. William Lane and our honored brother who all alone still remains among you, Brother J. C. White, and others proclaimed the glad tidings of Salvation. Our reverend father, Mr. Tom, was instant in season and out of season in the exercise of the gift of an exhorter, so much so that by general con- sent he received the title of ' Parson Tom.' I have heard him relate with his accustomed cheerfulness that when on a journey over the mountains he stayed at an inn, and heard two fellow travellers in conversation in another room. One asked the other who the visitor was, and the reply came — 'Parson Tom,' a further question calling forth the extended reply—' He's a kind of stringy- bark parson.' You must know that stringy-bark and green- hide were the substitutes for the cordage generally in use now-a-days ; but those old fashioned appliances were invaluable in those days, and he was Parson Tom. Up to a late period of his long life he still preached ' Christ and Him crucified,' and died aged 93 years. But what hath God wrought in the offshoots and new circuits in this district, which sprung from Bathurst as the parent-stock? This ought not to be overlooked in this Jubilee year. We may eell sing — ' When he first the work began Small and feeble was his day, Now the Word doth swiftly run, Now it wins its widening way,' &c.; They could see the extent of the work in the long array of preachers' plans for the several circuits in the district which he now exhibited. Referring to the Sunday School he said : Mr. William Thompson began the work by gather- ing the children together for religious in struction in his own house. When the church was built the school was removed, but the founder still remained to instruct and watch over with paternal care and affection the chil dren of even two generations ; and not until the infirmities of old age induced him to com- mit his youthful charge to younger hands did he retire. Mr Thompson died at the age of 87. Who can conceive, however faintly, the blessed results of this school from its commencement in that Christian home ? Dear friends, the results are with you in the persons of not a few to-day, and elsewhere, where I also meet them, there as here, useful members of the church. Many have gone to glory, but still bless the day when they went to the Sabbath School. Mr. John Glasson did the same work at the Settlement. Who can say that the glorified ministers, teachers, parents and children are not holding to-day a jubilee service in heaven above, while we hold one in the church below ? Thus far we have said nothing of the ministers of the Gospel and early pastors of this flock of Christ over which God made them overseers. God forbid that we should neglect the apostolic injunction ' Remember them that have (or have had) the rule over you, which spake unto you the Word of the Lord, &c.;' It was an epoch in your history when the Lord by the Missionary Society, and at your request, sent you a pastor after His own heart in the person of Rev. Frederick Lewis. Mr. Lewis was a minister of deep piety, zeal, and exemplary faithfulness and untiring labours. He ministered with all the fervency of a Welshman — for such was he. The Lord greatly blessed his labours ; and Bathurst gave him a good wife in Miss Lane. The Work of God deepened and prospered in his hands. He was succeeded by Rev. D. J. Draper and his excellent wife, for I must name the wives of your pastors, for they sustained as class-leaders, Sabbath School teachers, and visitors, positions of great worth to their husbands and their flocks. Such was Mrs. Draper. After toiling most suc cessfully together in New South Wales, South Australia, and Victoria, you may re- member on their return to Australia from a visit to England in the steamship ' London, ' that vessel foundered in the Bay of Biscay, and our dear friends went down with her, universally lamented. The Christian, heroic and magnani mous manner in which they met death can never, be forgotten. The affecting rule of their perishing and affrighted fellow passengers crowding round this man of God — how he exhorted and prayed for them, and how he and Mrs. Draper exemplified the power of their religion by their triumph over death in that awful hour, Mr. Draper exclaiming ' We shall soon gain the port of heaven !' — how Mrs. Draper gave words of cheer to the few who escaped in the boats as she gave them her blessing and cast her garments upon them in their perilous adventure, if possible to save their lives, which a few did — will never be forgotten. Mr. Draper was one of the most cheerful of Christians ; a great vein of humor was in his system ; he was an able and faithful expounder of God's word, and gifted as an organizer and disciplinarian, a very appropriate successor of Mr. Lewis. Allow me to state taking a review of the last fifty years in this circuit or any other in relation to our itinerant system, the circulation of the special gifts, graces, attain ments, and diversified personalities of the Wesleyan ministry, while the system is not without some drawbacks, and capable of some modifications, which are being very slowly introduced, yet the beneficial results loudly pro- claim that the blessing of the Lord is upon the Wesleyan connexion all the world over. After the two departed pastors just named, followed the unworthy individual who now addresses you. He in the days of his comparative youth, with one of the best of minister's wives, some forty-three years ago, came among you and spent some of the happiest and most useful days of his life. Let us recognise the work of God by His instrumentality and those of his co-workers. Of these honored men two or three still remain, while all my predecessors and contemporaries in this ministry, with scores who succeeded me, have gone to their glorious reward, yet I am still permitted to remain, now the senior minister of all Australia, New Zealand, and Polynesia. Thank the Lord on my behalf, yet spared ; pray for me that I may finish my course with joy. At this time we stretched away in our enlargement to Bowenfels and Hartley on the east, to Oberon and the Aber- crombie on the south, to King's Plains, Orange and Carcoar on the west, and towards the Turon on the north. Our appointments to circuits in those days were made or confirmed by the British conference ; we were called missionaries, and our parsonages were called mission houses. Pursuing our narrative, I can only just state that Rev. Benjamin Hurst and Rev. Benjamin Chapman followed me in this circuit. Both of them have received their crowns, but 'being dead they yet speak to us.' Their names are still fragrant by reason of their personal excellencies, ministerial gifts, and godly labours for the glory of our common Lord and master and the good of all. Their ministrations were again followed by another appointment for three years of him who has come this day to help you to celebrate this your jubilee. The names of Rev. Dr. Kelynack, Joseph Fillingham, Joseph Oram and others come next — whose praises are in all the churches as are those of others of your ministers. —The lecturer here detailed the surroundings of special 'revivals' in the earlier days. Speak ing of one of those he said : Among those who found peace with God were some ot the aborigines of Australia, who had for years been favored with religious instruction in the Rev. William Walker's family, and whom I baptised. Michael Walker, alias Black Mick, went with me round the circuit, was my precentor, and often prayed most effectually. Some of the Hartley people said 'It is time we prayed for ourselves if this blackfellow is come to pray for us.' The whole circuit was all ablaze with the Holy Ghost. In the Cornish Settlement hardly an unconverted soul remained. One man, a Cornishman, too, resisted : the place became too hot for him, and he fled to King's Plains to avoid the solicitations of the new-born zeal of the young converts. So mightily grew the Word of God and prevailed. We can scarcely entertain a more pious prayer to God, or express a more benevolent wish for the church and circuit of Bathurst than — May this jubilee season be signalised by great prosperity in the salvation of souls and the edification of God's people. ' Peace be within thy walls, prosperity within thy palaces ; for my brethren and com panions' sake I will now say peace be within thee.' Finally, dear friends — while the memo- ries of the pious dead awaken in our hearts sentiments and feelings greatly diversified, as we stand on the margin of half a century, I charge myself and you before God to follow your fathers as they followed Christ. The Lord has blessed many of you with a pious ancestry. The men who laid the foundations of your church, and, as so many pillars, sus- tained it under God so long, lay you under great obligations to hand down the truths and ordin ances of your religion unimpaired to posterity, as they did for you ; so that when another jubilee shall come round, when your names and characters and work shall come under revision your memories may be as blessed as, and more so than, even your ministers, fathers and mothers in Israel now are. 260 French recidivistes are reported to have embarked for New Caledonia, 96 more being ready to follow. 