TUSIr tTOPICS AND ANTICIPATIONS, i . , : . . .- BV. ASMODEUS. Tha publication of tbo weights for the New- inaricot Handicap, Atistriilian Cup and tbo two principal events to bo decided at Caullield on tbo 13tli proximo, has furnished an abundance of pabulum for present arid future discourse. Until Mr. Barnard issued bis copious manifesto matters were becoming decidedly dull in turf circles gonerally. Affairs in Tasmania wore allowed to pass unheeded by tbo "stny-at- Itrtmoo." wlillft ftin A-rto-nnAino nf Mm Ar>nn«lrm were such as to rondor it a matter of diffi culty to work lip any. genuine enthusiasm over Geelong. ; The -period of inactivity has now passed away, and thero will be no further lack' of animation, until tho great autumn treble, .Newmarkot Handicap, Aus tralian . Cap, and ..Champion Stakes, will have been added to the ' memories of the past. Criticism is already rlfo in regard to the merits of Mr. Bernard s soparato productions, and tho sagacious " double evontors " aro busily at work'with book and pencil. Apart from' tho Caulfleld events, . which are of hut secondary . importance as compared, with tho, Flem- ington contests, Mr. Barnard's handi work affords a ' widd Hold for critical penetration and1 oxtonded analysis ; but in view of tho initial declaration of forfeits on Monday , next, when owners genorally will givo an expression of opinion ou tho excellonco or otherwise of. tho hundioappor's work, it would not be advisable to divo too deeply into thomystorios of either tho short or long dis tance races whioh will attract attention at Flemington in a month's timo. Tho fact of tho Oakleigh Handicap coming on for decision be fore -tho: Newmarkot sprint is a ciroum-. stance caloulnted to reduco rather than Inoroaso the field for tho Flomington short distanco championship, for nume rous owners who may now favorably estimate thoir prospeots of success will doubt- loss find cause to chango thoir opinions utter tho five and a half furlongs' flutter has boon do- cided over tho heath. Tho fact of there being no penalties inserted In the conditions seoms a grave omission. It . is thus to bo regretted that anything should havo cropped up to mar the success of the Newmarkot Handicap, which has previously encountered no similar intor- feronco. Mr. Barnard oouid not very well as sign Malua less than 9 st, 12 lb., and etou at this maximum impost Mr. Iuglis's crack would, wore ho the Malua of former times, hold fully threo-fourlhs of his opponents perfectly safo. Grace Darling is so notoriously slow in getting on her legs that I am of opinion tho Caulfleld Cup hcroino is harshly trcatod in being placed within 9 lb. of Maina, and in advnnco of bril liant sprintors.liko Middlomarch and Mozart, who are at 9 st. each. On tho other hand, Mr. Barnard, has acted wisely in placing a dange rous customer like Stafford on a level with tho last named pair. Last year's winner, Coronet, has been raised 2 st. all but a pound, so that with tbo additional possession of a favorite log, bo is not likely to ropoat tho trick. Merrimu's victorious career should also bo cut short with 8 st. 11 lb., and lower down the list there is nothing I am favor ably impressed with until I como to Prince Imperial, 8 st. 8 lb. lie is a horse of undoubted pace, and would bo entitled to the highest respect were his astuto owner to deem it worth his whilo to" undortako tho visit. The Giiost, 8 st. 7 lb., has been idle a long timo, but when it is remembered that on one occasion ho headed a field of 31 runners over six furlongs of ground at Caullield, carrying 8 st. 3 lb., nud successfully negotiated a mile at Flomington last July with 8 st. 6 lb. up, we aro cautioned not to overlook tho claims of such n formidable candidate. IFilliam Tell is by no mcan3 crushed out at 8 st. 6 lb., whilo Gratitude at tho samo weight must be- invested with a good winning chanco after hor meritorious behavior in tho race for Bowes's Tattersall's Cup. Dirk Ilattoraick's unbroken series of defeats over sinco ho silenced Sardius in tho Soutii Aus tralian" Derby favors tho opinion that ho has received his full share of weight' at 8 st. 6 lb. ; still he possesses a brilliant turn of spoed, and may some day got home when his damaged log temporarily coa6e3 to trouble him. Solo has of late carried all boforc him in such stylo that it is questionable whether 8 St. 3 lb. will stop him.- Auothor nicely bandicappod home is his stable companion Mistako, at 7 st. 12 lb., and as the Kingston stable is further represented by Sorcerer, 7 St. 7 lb.. The Deer, 7 st. 5 lb., 'Mozart, 9 St.. and F.F., 6 st., 12 ! lb., tho pick of this lot will pro bably bo heavily supported in expoota- tion of repenting tho Coronet coup. The; best of tbo Mordiailoo team, consisting ofMerrimu, 8 st. 11 lb.j Claptrap, 7 st. lllb.j Ironmaster, 7 st. 10 ib.; and Xantippo, 7 St. 3 lb., maybe able to put forward an equally bold; front. IVnrfield has, I think, won overy timo the money has gono on to him, and ho is therefore a very likelynccoptor with7 st. 5 lb. , at whioh weight Albanus is scarcely so well treated. Mario Louise, 7 st. 3 lb., reads much better. I am also favorably impressed with Juanna and Fair Ellen at a pound less, and if Sirocco is worth persevering with, ho should have some thing to sayouthesametorms. Evie is placed on a similar footing, and were she to ra- appcar in her Kensington Stakes form I would prefer her to either of tho foregoing. Umbra, 6 st. 13 lb., has got in much lighter tliau I expected she would ; while Astrcea, 6 st. 12 lb., is another redoubtable flyer when herself. Neither her nor Evie has as yet shown any form approaching thoir two- year-old running. Loporello, 6 st. 10 lb., has only 2 lb. more than he carried last year, when tho adherents of Morrison's stablo voted tho race a good thing for hira. Ho has sinco enjoyed a long spoil, and may reappear an improved horso. Isaac Fouisham, who has retired into tho background evor since ho cleared the decks with Malua, may have a rod in picklo in Bonuie Boon, a daughter oi Manuka and Mcdoa, the dam of Bliuk Bonn". This filly last season twice defeated ICohai, who is now con- nlilArArl th« liMfc flotfc in Tasmania. Ronnio Doon has been allotted the comparatively light impost ot 6 st. 131b.', and is.thns very advan tageously positioned by comparison with tho ma jority of tho tliree-year-olds. : Another smart filly is Girolla, Gst. 91b., a daughter of St. Albans, whb has; boon lying fallow over sinco she ran Becond to Juanna in the Hopeful Stakes at tho last V.B.C. autumn meeting, on whioh occasion suoh good cattle as Bcmus, Sunny Days, Abner, Matchlock and others were amongst thoso defoated. I have ever sinco boon expecting to see both Juanna and Girofln nr»f. nn fn Mutfr. fnrm. which is fur ill ndrAiiGQ of anything thoy havo sinco nccomplishoil. Lower down tho list First Prince, 6 st. 6 lb.j Uncas II., 6 st. C lb.; Mavourneon, 6 st. C lb.; Perchance, 6 st. 4 lb.; Morcoau,6 st. 3 lb.; Maydew, 6 st. 2 lb., and St. Odillo, 6 st., are those whose names are most likely to appear In the list of acceptances on Monday next, whon tho great six furlong event will admit of further comment. Mr. Barnard's task has beon les3 laborious in tho Australian Gup than in tho short distanco raoo, no fowor 'than 125 horses being submitted to his classifying , process in tho latter case, while 57 undorivont tho samo oporatioii for, the two miles and a quarter race. Malua has, of botirso, again booh placodattho head of affairs, his impost, 9 st. 9 lb., being precisely tho same as that under whioh ho won thoMolbouruo Gup, whoreas Sheot Anchor, 9 st. 3 lb., is nwardod 20 lb. more than ho carried to victory in tbo samo event.' If this nrgumont has any signifioanco, and allowing that Malua's triumph was tho easier accomplished of tho two, the latter eon now olaim to bo tho bettor treated. Both in thoir host form few would doubt Malua's ability to concede his rolativo and countryman 6 lb. I also question whothor Sheot Anchor oau glvo away a pound to Reginald and 4 lb. - to Sardius whonovor ho chances to moot olthor on oqual torms in tho mattor of conumon. uonsmormg mac ruusuimuiu »»- ousos havo boon put forward for Graco Darling's head dofoat in tho Melbourno Cup, she is more favored than Shoot Anobor in being confronted with him on G lb. oasior conditions. It is plain that tho cx hurdle racer is anything 'but woll treated, and groat horse though ho has shown himself, ho will havo to provo himself still greater to avenge his narrow defeat in last year's Australian Cup, whon ho carried 7 st. 5 lb. into second placo behind Ringwood. Duration's ro- eent performances have raised him high in Mr. Barnard's estimation, and it is a great distinc tion for a hurdio racer to bo placed abovo per formers like Welcome Jack, Mozart, Norden- feldt, Off Color, Coronet and Moonshcc. Giant as he has proved himself among Tasmanian non- slayers, 1 doubt whether ho will bo able to shino, to tho same ailrnnlago in tho company he is now cast. Nordoufeidt has received no special mark of favor in being allotted 8 st. 5 lb., tbo same weight as First King won with as a three-year-old, and 2 lb. more than Navigator carried to victory in tho same race and at the same age. While not estimating Norden- fcldt within 7 lb. of either First King or Naviga tor, this pair achioved thoir victories so leisurely that I would not be at all surprised to see tbo Derby winner accomplish tho samo feat, more especially as thero is an abundanco of evidence, both in Australia and in England, to provo that certain horses show their very best form at tbo back ond of thoir three-year-old carcor. in Australia Richmond, Sybil, First King, Bosivorth, Caspian and Lo Grand aro strong caso3 in point, whilst in England tbo performances of St. Gatien and PlMsanterio, of Foxhall and Robert tho Devil, also furnish conclusive testimony. Nordenfeldt, although to my mind lacking tho brilliancy of a Malua or a First King, a Navigator, a Martini-nenrv or a Grand Flaneur, possesses stamina in a high degree, and as his running..hilherto has proved as consistent and honest as thb Sun, I would bo very loth to say ho is not oqual to winning tho Australian Cup even with the steadier of 8 st. 5 lb. In being reduced to 8 at. 4 lb. Off Color is treated in n manner thoroughly justified by his latest performances ; but I am beginning to lose ail faith in him, and fancy ho lias lost his form, or else turned rogue.. His behavior in tho. Summer Cup at Randwick, when ho was backed right and left, is certainly suggestive of ono or the other. I am of opinion that tho Wilsons possoss a better trusted re presentative in Silver King, who has not been seen in public sinco the Randwick spring meeting. Fit and well . ho will bo diffi cult to disposo of at 8 St., and is liberally dealt by in comparison with Mozart, 8 st 5 lb., whom ho easily defeated, iir'tho St. Logor. Prince Imperial and Minerva, both at 7 st. 11 lb., aro a, pair of undoubted stayers, and for this reason I expect to see thoir names among tho acceptors, likewise those of Plaus- ibio, 7 st. 71b. ; Stomoway, 7st. 5 lb.; Veloci pede, 7st. 2 lb., and Cerise and Blue, 6 St. 13 lb. Tbo last named is particularly woll placed, see ing that she ran second to Tempe in the A.J.C. Summer Cup, carrying an in crease of 11 lb. on her present weight. On that occasion she conceded Ben Bolt 16 lb., and as she is now only asked to allow him 3 lb., I fail to know what show tho Quconslander can have of reversing that Jint. Thero are such a collection of non-stayers lower down tho list, that I despair of looking in that quarter for tho winner, and will therefore out my re marks short for tho present. It is plainly apparent that tho Caulfleld exe cutive are making overy ondeavor to got to tho windward of tho V.R.C. The popularity of the Caulfleld Cup meeting exemplifies tho extont lo which they have succeeded in encroaching on the spring reunion at Fiemington, and by now bringing tbe Onkleigb Hnndicap to precede tho autumn meeting of tho premier club; fur- thor proof is forthcoming of similar designs to intercept tbe wind from tho V.R.C. sails. It cannot be denied that as far ns the Newmarket Handicap is concerned this innovation is bound to act prejudicially, for after tho Oakleigh Han dicap has been decided the aspect of affairs will bo greatly changed, and tho Hold dimi nished to much narrower limits than would otherwise bo tho case had tho Fiemington raco taken ' precodenco ' as heretofore. Besides, commissions which would according to the old order of things be thrown into tha markot will now bo withheld pending tho result of tho Caulfield'eveiht, and when that becomes known owners may havo cause to withhold their commissions altogether; " For this reason straight out bottirigwill bo delayed, and as no sano man can bo inado to believe but that hotting and Bweeps have had more to do with the success of tho turf in Australia than any other influence, it is apparent that there will bo less interest centred in tho forthcoming Newmarket Handicap than in any of its predecessors, and all in.conso- quenco of tho weights appearing simultaneously with thoso for tho Oakleigh Handicap. What an unpardonable mission not to have provided a ponalty tho same as iu tho Australian Cup. Tho V.A.T.C. have grown into such formid able rivals that tho V.H.C. cannot afford to treat them too lightly, and it behoves them to arrango dates and programmes in such a macnor as to prevent the operation of any prejudicial iufluenco such as that which thb Caulflold Cup in course of timo is . bound to reflect on the Melbourne Cup," and tbo Oakleigh. Handicap- fin > like man ner ou tho Nowmarkdt Handicap. 'I would warn the V.R.U. not to be too iudiffer- ont on thoso matters. Many men and institu- tions illvyo uoluw iw wj uuuuttobiujiviiiis, the strength and resources of their rivals. Tho, popularity of tbo Melbourno Cup meeting re ceived a decided shock by the want of accommo dation, and consequent inconvonlonce" ex perienced by thousands who assembled lit. Flomington last November. Theso and others' will think twico before undertaking to run the same gauntlet on a future occasion. Then again, the Caulfleld faction havo an immense advantago in their secretary, Mr. N. R." D. Bond, whoso practical knowledge of tho turf, its supporters and its requirements, through tho medium of carefully framed pro- grammes, is in contrast to Mr. H. B. Mooro'B recognised deficiency in all tho3o respects, tho V.R.O. secretary being as' unknown on tho turf as everything that is turfy and connoctcd with turfites are entirely unknown to him. Granting Mr. Bond all tho credit duo, howovdr, to his pro- fioienoy in tho art of . framing pro grammes, the interests of the public would havo boon better considered had ho made a provision for nn early- forfait in tho Oakleigh Handicap, the event which now calls for notice. According to the conditions the present formidable list, numbering 77 candi dates, may bo permitted to remain intact until two days preceding tho race. The' same with tha Haivksburn Handicap. Now : this is a very unsatisfactory arrangement as far as tho public is concerned. I prosnmo it is fair to conjecture that the idea whioh prompted it- wns to givo tho color of a largo field up to tho olevontli hour. I fail tc soo what other deduction can bo drawn. There is no necessity or advantage in delaying the" acceptances to such a late period. Had a forfeit to bo declared, say, a week after the appearance of tho weights, the case would bo different But ai affairs now stand everything will bo envelope! in doubt and uncertainty up to tbo morniiq preceding tho race day, when tho acceptance! will ho made known to tho gonoral public through the medium of" the morning papers. Horse owners are proverbially lethargic, and always leave thinga until thb last moment, hence tho halt, the lame, the blind and ail improbablo starters will bo allowed to re main in until tho last stroke of tho clock, and thus give the contest a falso complexion. One of its least evil? will bo to fucilitato thi " milking" process which tho more unscrupu lous memboi-3 of the ring aro not abovo prac tising on the poor bleeding public whenever as opportunity presents itself for so doing. Whet so much can bo advanced to its detriment, and nothing porceptiblo iu its favor, it is to be hoped that tbe pernicious system of no early forfoits and only ono late acceptance will ba discontinued iu future. " ' ( With few oxceptions the Oakleigh Handicap candidates aro all engaged in tho Newmarket Handicap, Mozart being placed at the head of affairs with. 9 st. 3 lb., or 3 lb. more than ho is weighted in the Fleniington race. Thoso below hiui are proportionately dealt with, nud the handicap may bo said to be a faithfal reproduction of tbo V.R.O. event, only on a 3 lb. to 4 lb. heavier scale. The most notablo exception occurs with regard to Mis take, who has boon raised 9 lb., whilst Napier has been elevated 6 lb., and Dunlop and St. John 5 lb. each. It looks as if a mistake had been made with Breeze iu lettincr him in with 6 st. 8 lb. after his brilliant display at Eisternwick-Park last Saturday in a field of twenty. Tho Kingston division aro ovidently satisfied with this treatment, which must havo been quito unexpected. Vigilan though Mr. Barnard has boon in looking after Stafford, Mozart, Mistake, Solo, Sorcerer and F. F.; lie has certainly been caught napping with their stablo associate, Breeze, who is wonderfully slippery under a light weight. It is something of -a curiosity to see the name of a 2-year-old in the list — viz., that of Clandian. Reference to the advertisement shows that 2- yonr-olds nro ilot deterred from competing. I am not aware whether or not it was not an oversight in including tho usual cir.usc 11 for 3- year-okls and upwards " when it is intended to exclude 2-yoar-olds; but tho only wonder is that no mora juveniles were nominated. The same omission — presuming it is nn omission in the Oakleigh llandicapA-appears in the Hawks- burn Handicap, of ono mile anil a quarter and a ifistauce, for which 2 -year -olds would, of coarse, not be allowed to compete, according to tho V.R.C. rules. It would be useless commenting on tho probabilities of llis Hawksburn Handicap, seeing that tho declara tion of forfeits is delayed to within forty- eight hours of tho race, and for tho present I shall remain content by selecting tbe following half-dozen from amongst the fifty-two candi dates handicapped, viz.: — Britisher, 8st. 91b.; Camerine, 8 St. 4 lb.; Gratitude, 8 st. 21b.; Anchorite', 8 st' 1 Ibij Ringmaster, 7 st. 91b.: and Hippogrlff, 6 St. 10 lb. Thero . was . a continuation of oppressive weather "at' Eisternwiek Park last Saturday, when tho pleasure of tho aftcrnopn was " inter fered a-itiii in consequouce. ' The coup of tha day'wa3 landed 'by Breezo'.iu tho Half Mile Handicaj), for which the So'uth Australian bred gelding wa3 woll supported by his party. Ha has boon wonderfully improvod during his short sojonrn nt Kingston, his condition reflecting creditably on those who havo rooontly directed his preparation. Impluse proved an equally goof thing in the Eisternwiek Park Haudieap, addef to which tho respective victories of Unioi Jack, Ace and Navy Bluo told of a bad day foi tbo fieldors, " whoso ' only throw iu : was ex perienced over Mirtli in the Hurdio Race. During tbo afternoon a caso of intimi dation took" place "when Ace, winner of tho Soiling Flat Race; was put up to auction. Tho .matter was brought - before tho stewards, who, aftornbriof inquiry, cited the delinquents, T. Jonos and J: King; to appear before them on "Wodnesday, whenKing was fined £30 and Jones ; £30. Shor'tiyafterwardsa'-welsher" was brought ; before tbo stewards, who ordered his expulsion from the course." As soon as the ' welslier" ; .was turned out of the saddling paddock ho was seizod by - ft number of people and roughly handled before lio could make his escape. A uotauie ciroumBianco in iue Dotting ring was tho appearance of a blind bookmakor, accom panied by ft deaf and dumb olork. The modus ojwaiidi of these two individuals wa3 very sin gular. Tho blind man called out tho wagers, and when one was accepted- he spoko to his doaf and dumb olerk by moans of tho manual system, and the latter immediately entered the wager in his book. During tho running of the Steoplechase, Hunt, tho rider of Moscow, sus tained a slight concussion of tlio brain and in jury to his loft sldo, owing to his horBO falling at one of the fenoes near the grand stand. The jockey was attended by Dr. Rowan and the ro- sidont surgeon of tho Alfred Hospital and was v afterwards removed to the latter institution. Affairs passed off quietly and pleasantly at Geolong on Thursday last. The weather con tributed largely to tho enjoyment ot the occa sion, and, although tho fields wore limited, some interesting racing took placo. Tho succoss of tho favorite was tho most notablo feature of tho running- The only surprise of tho day was tho overthrow of Insolvent iu tho Hurdio Race. Sihkiug Fund looked much bettor than when he ran second to him at Flomington, and with In advantage of 6 lb, !n the weijhts ho suc ceeded in avenging t-lie defeat he suffered on hat occasion. Olaptrap achieved a very easy Victory in the race par excellence of the meeting, fcn&thfo; made partial amends for the uninter rupted series of disappointments encountered irer since he won the S.A.J.C. Handicap at Adelaide nearly two years ago. Britisher was fcD strongly fancied both by the stable and the jpublic that the followers of Mr. "Whittingham s horse were enabled to obtain tlio fair odds of 3 to 1. The winner was ridden very patiently fcy Trahan, who observed waiting tactics, and, coming with ono splendidly timed run, he fairly annihilated his field in the home stretch, jiaving declared for Claptrap, I was quite pre pared for his victory, and likewise had the satis faction of placing Hilltop third ; but I was dis appointed at Britisher not being able to set nearer than fourth. The Dowling Torcst representative appeared to run very un- lrindly after going a mile, at which point he Beenicd benten. Nothing came faster in the laet furlong, however, but he then essayed a hope less task, and, moreover, Fallon committed an error in attempting to got up on the inside, otherwise I feel conviuced he would havo finished second. Hilltop gained such a march ihat at one time it look- d doubtful whether ihev would ever catch him, but ho curled up when the pinch came. Ringmaster, who was backed at the eleventh hour, showed a hold front to the home turn, then collapsed, file stable companion, First Prince, who was jiuite friendless, all but gave the fielders a rare jthrow In. Ho is evidently running into form, and when thoroughly well ho will probably place a good stake to liis owner's credit. As I anticipated, Chuckster failed to stay tko dis tance j and Merman was entirely out of his element in such company. Odds were freely jlaid on F. F. for both tbo Trial Stakes and brand Stand Stakes, and tho same were novor £n doubt. Foulsham serTed up an equally good thing iu Tho Chauter for tho Connewarre Plato, Whioh race proved a remunerative affair for tho .club's funds, which benefited to the extent of 110 60vs. after defraying the amount of the Stake. The odds on Maddelina for tho Produce Stakes wore never in doubt, and Mr. W. A. Xong came all the way from Sydney to see his filly run. It may be remarked that tho suc cessful light weight, Flannagan, had the bad Juck to run four seconds during tho day, viz., pn Parwan, First Prince, Stonobroke and Berkeley. The meeting will be resumed" to-day, when imall fields are again vouolisafcd. I shall .hazard the following selections : — Foal Stakes : Ringmaster or First Prince, whichever tho stable entrust with their confidence. Juvenile fitakes : A moral for the elect of the Kingston Stable, The Nun or Caulficld. Steeplechase : .Native, 1 ; Bob Cooper, 2 ; Patchwork, 3. Q oolong Handicap : With a start, I would plump outright for Olaptrap, and in his possible absence Mentmore may be equal to the task, albeit I would prefer to stand by Gratitude, in expectation of seeing a rattling fight for places between Chuckster, Impulse and First Princo or Ringmaster, whichover carries the confi dence of Wilson's stable. Tho Soiling Race looks like a match between The Chanter' and The Ace, my preference being for tbo former. The Stewards' Parse reads a good thing for Robertson's best, Solo, F.F. or Stafford. The programme of tbo Qlen Innes Jockey Club meeting, published in last week's Leader, contains a few very tempting baits. ' For in stance. to the Stuart Plato there are 300 sovs, added, niul to the Glon Inues Cup 200 sovs, There is also au Exchange Handicap, of ISO sovs. , the winner on !$ to be sold for 1 sov, A Maiden Slakes, of 100 sovs. and Boothholders' J3-sfb, oi 60 sovs., form the remaining principal items in the liberally framed programme. Nominations for the principal events close on Wednesday next, and can be made at the V.lt.C. office. Genera! entries for the autumn meeting at Flemington cloee at four p.m. on Monday, 8th Februaiy, when the following amounts require .1 o be transmitted with the general entries : Finer Day. Essendon StakoB £1 The Hopeful Stakes 1 Brunswick Stakes 1 Second Day, Corinthian Cup ... .... ... .£1 Hurdle Race ... ... ... ... 2 Steopleehase ... ... 2 The Bourke Handicap ..." ... 1 Tbibd Day. Maiden Slakes ... ... £1 Mursery Handicap ... y Autumn Handicap ... ... , „. y All-aged Stakes ; ... 1 Free Handicap ... y Tempe's victory in tho Anniversary Handi cap under the weighty impost of 8 at. 6 lb. olsarly proves her to be the most improved mare of the season. She has sot up a brilliant Record by winning the A. J.O. Summer Cup, Tnttersall's Oup and the Anniversary Handicap in consecutive order, and it must have been something of a disappointment to her owner to Jose the rich Carrington Stakes by a head, probably the most coveted event of tho lot. In Temp a a strong rival has sprung into existence, challenging Grace Darling's claims to be still considered the champion mare of Australia. What genuine ex citement there would be were the pair zpatchcil to run a mile and half at the V.R.O. Autumn Meeting, weight for ago, Grace Dar- Jing, 9 st. and Tempe, 8st. 111b. A mis take was made in not nominating Tompe for i ho Australian Cup, as even with a penalty sho Jnust have had an excellent chance of supple menting her victories on Victorian soil. It is a singular faot that the flvo host marcs now on -iho turf are ohestnuts, viz., Grace Darling, Tempe, Blink Bonny, Madcap and Brown and Jose. Possibly thero may not bo muoli to choose between the last named pair, and Minerva, Catuerino and Cerise and Blue. Although numerous books have been opened pn the autumn double, Newmarket Handicap imd Australian Cup, backers are very shy, pre ferring to wait for a stable lead rather than support their individual fancies. In ihe few lines which have been written, the names of Malua, Mozart, Uralia, Oakleigh, The Ghost and Mistake have been coupled with those of Matchlock, Minerva, Nordenfeldt, Sardius and Stornaway for the Cup. 100 to 3 is the stand ing offer on the field for the Newmarket Handi cap. The committee of tho Warrnambool Racing Club met on Tuesday, and arranged tbe pro gramme for tho annual Winter Steeplechase Meeting. It was decided to hold the meeting on Tuesday and Thursday, tho 4th and 6th May. Tho prizo monoy was increased to £650, and tho following programmo was adopted First day: Autumn Stakes, of 40 sovs., ono mile; Junior Steeplechase, of 60 sovs., two miles ; Wangoom Handicap, of 40 sovs., one mile; Handicap Hurdle Race, of 80 sove., two miles ; Selling Hurdle Race, of 30 sots., one mile and a half. Second day : Trial Stakes, of 40 sovs., 6 furlongs; Handicap Hurdlo Raeo, of 60 sovs., one mile and a half ; Handicap Flat Race, of 60 govs., one mile anda quarter ; War rnambool Handicap Steopleehase, of 150 sovs. , about three miles ; Selling Flat Race, of 30 60vs. , one mile ; Selling Steeplechase, of 30 sovs., two miles. Nominations will close on the 25th March. Our Diinboola correspondent telegraphs that thoprogramme for the Dimboola Race Club meet ing has keen issued, and consists of Maiden Plate, of 10 sovs.. ; Hurdle Race of 25 sovs. ; Flying Handicap, of 15 sovs. ; Selling Race of 10 sovs. ; Dimboola Handicap, of 35 sovs. ; Forced Handicap, of 10 sovs., and Farmers' Raoo, of 5 sovs. Tho promises of support already roceived augur well for tho success of the meeting, which will be held on Monday, tbo 8th March, instead of Saturday, the 27th February, as previously arranged. Tho stewards of the Victorian Trotting Club met on the 27th January to further consider tbo charge of insulting language preferred agaiust T. Jones, tho trainer, nnd J. King, a jockoy, at Elstoruwiek on Saturday last. After a moBt careful hearing the accused were found guilty and fiuod — J. King .£30, and T. Jonos £20. Our AVagga correspondent telegraphs that, in addition to tho entries for the Murrumbidgce Turf Club Sires' Produce Stakes of 1888-89, an entry lias been received from Mr. W. R. Virgoe, of Aibury. This makes in all seven teen entries for this event. The Lnnceileld annual race meeting is fixed to take place on 9tbMarcli, and the Cranbourno races are announced to take place on 20th March. Tho stewards of the late Bairnsdale races liaTO removed tho disqualification from Benco, who was disqualified for Buspicious riding on Mossiface iu tho Bairnsdale Racing Club Handi cap. Duration's victories in the Launccston and Hobart CupB proved tho feature of the other wise uneventful campaign in Taenuinia. It cannot be denied that the ex-hurdle racer was opposed at both places by a wretolied collection of non-stayers, and by far tho most meritorious feature of his respective performances rested in carrying 10 st. 8 lb. to Tictory in tho Hobart Cup aud compassing tho one mile and a half in 2 mill. 43 see. Three years ago, when tho dis tanoe was a mile and three quarters, The Assyrian won the samo race, carrying 10 st. 7 lb. Duration's successful Invasion of Tub- maninn torritory serves to illustrate the ox- tremo inferiority of Tasmanian horses at the preseut time rather than the development of any phenomenal powers possessed by tho sou of Hughendon, for we have a number of horses capable of accomplishing similar performances uuder the same favorablo advantages of health and condition. The mantlo of success could not have fallen across more deserving shoulders than those of J. Grippe, the painstaking Moonee Ponds trainer, whose Tag- main " connection" is likely to be benefitted by his successful trip to the southorn island. Ho has already brought back three local horses to be trained Mr. J. File is to be sympathised with on tbe loss of Lantern, who broke his leg whilst run ning in tho Welter Stakes on the concluding day of the Hobart meeting. Tho loss will bo more keenly felt, Inasmuch as- tho horse was thought to ho advantageously handicapped for the Trial and Grand Stand Stakes at Geelong. The bookmakers made a firm stand against the totaliaator at Hobart, sticking to each other to a man and dofying the " iuforual machine '' to do its worst. St. Albans' representatives were more suc cessful at Hobart than at Launceaton, no fewer than six races falling to his lot through the agency of Duko of Athol, Pocahontas, Vision and Western. In the final event of tho meet ing his progeny filled all throe places. Mr. James Whito'e team at Flemlngton has been strengthened by tho addition of the Queensland bred four-year-old mare Galatea, by Epigram— Gazelle. At two years, sho won u Boiling race, and last season hor only -winning record was in a six furlongs' handicap. The principal winners over the Launoeston meeting were Mr. C. 8. Agnew, £230 ; Mr, J. Cripps, £220 ; Mr. M. Whitty, £155 ; and other amounts making up a total of nearly £1000. Nominations for the Hurdle Race, Stoeplo- chase and Belling Race, to bo decided at Caul ficld on 13th February, close on Monday next. There is a prospeot of a meeting being held in Adelaide during the month of May, under the auspices of Tattersall's Club. It is; I believe, intended to offer prizes sufficiently attractive to secure tho patronage of Victorian owners. In the absence of post bteting and tbo totali aator, I doubt whether tho undertaking will yield a flnauoial profit. Entries for. next Saturday's mooting at Moonee Valley close on Monday next. . J. Cripps, who has returned from his success ful trip to Tasmania, brought ovor a few local horses to be trained, amongst tbem being Led Astray, Emblem and Dnke of Athol, who is highly spokan of. His Excellenoy the Governor, Sir Henry Loch has signiflod hie intention of being present at tho Caulfield meeting, which takes plaoo on I3tk February. T would remind owners and trainers that the first forfeit of 2J sovs. each for nominations for the Siros' Produce Slakc9 1886, must ho declared and paid before 4 p.m. onMonday, IstFobruary, or nominators will bo liable for further for feits. Mr. W. Laug has decided upou giving Agatha and Medea a spell, and they havo been turned out of training accordingly. Tbo following borsos returned from Tasmania by tho Pateeno Ballnrat, Bob Cooper, Gas- burner, Sir Launcelot, Tickborno, Duration, Derision, Duke of Athol, Led Astray, and Emblem, a 5-ycar-old mare by St. Albans. The following horseB have been scratched for their engngemcnte : — Newmarket Handicap : Cardigan, Hurricane, Abner. Australian Cup : Abncr. Oakleigh Handicap and Hawksburn Handicap : Hurricane. ThoKyneton Racing Club will, as usual, bold its annual meeting on St. Patrick's day, 17th March. It is satisfactory to kuow that at tho annual meotiugof members held last week, tho treasurer reported a credit balance of £84 12s. A good programme is to be framed for St. Patrick's day, wlieu tho customary metropolitan patronage will doubless be forth coming. Mr. R. Hewitt, the well known English sportsman, breeder and bookmaker, loft borno- ward bound by the Valctta on Thursday. Ho was banqueted by tbe members of the Victorian Club on the evening preceding his departure. Mr. J. II. G. Pounteuey, secretary of the Queensland Turf Club, wires me thattkosum of 1750 sovs. has been voted to tbe programme of the autumn meeting. The chief distributions are as follows, viz. — BrisbanoOup, ofSOOsovs. ; Moroton Handicap, of 300 sovs., and Nursery Handicap, of 150 sovs. 