W I N S T O W E . BY MRS. LEITH-ADAMS. CHAPTER VL FAEEVVELL TO THE " ACX.D HOUSE." Meanwhile outside the leaping flames light up ihe night with a lurid, awful glow—light up a sea of white and anxious faces turned upward towards the blazing pile that was ouce the venerable Manor House, Wins to we Hall. See, the fire has nearly caught the western gable, and the red tongues of flame wrap themselves about the old ivy that clothes its every nook and corner, shrivelling each spreading branch that has borne unharmed the heats and frosts of a hundred summers and winters. The fire had got so far ahead before it was discovered that the lower part of the house will be gutted before long, and the beams give way. May God Almighty help any that are yet left unrescued from that awful furnace ! See how it seethes, and glows, and riots, and thrusts derisive tongues of flames up to the sky, where the clouds are scudding and hurrying along before the wind, as though they hastened to fly from the sight of devastion. beneath! "Water! water!" is the cry from every lip; but the tasks are frozen at the mills, the ponds by the orchard gate arealraost solid ice, and the canal is covered with the thick coating that yesterday bore crowds of happy, thoughtless pleasure-seekers ! Crash ! crash? goes the ice as men break wildly through it with iron crowbars, and the hose of engines, like thirsty serpents, suck up the water from beneath. But all this takes time, and fire, like the tide., waits for no man. Who can realize the value of a moment, until lie stands before a flaming dwelling of which each window begins to belch forth smoke and flame, and hears a whisper pass along the crowd, like an electric shock, that a human creature is in the midst of that burning fierv furnace ? In the front ot that heaving, pushing, evergathering crowd is one awful figure, that is the centre of every man and woman's interest, the object of sympathy and pity to every heart. It is that of an old man; his white hair —his pallid face—his look of anguish as he gazes at the flaming building, once his home — his voice raised now and again in a lioarse, wordless cry, as with some added impulse the flames leap higher and higher—all, seen in the vivid, glowing lipnt, form a picture such as none are ever likely to forget! A dozen strong hands hold him back, a dozen voices plead with liim to yield to what must be—to let younger acd stronger men brave the dangers of the falling beams anl blazing floors, from which Le himself has been with difficulty rescued. See! he has fallen forward on his knees, and vainly those about him try to raise him up! He stretches forth his trembling hands to the heaven^that is all aglow with the blaze of his burning home; he calls out in a voice whose sound of agony dominates the din surging round about him; he cries that there shall be no limil -none—to the rewards that he will shower upon that man who rescues those two children that are yet beneath that burning roof—who are left, as he in his wild agony supposes, without heiu from any? Once there is a cry that at the upper window something is seen to move, and the crowd swajd andjebbs and heaves: women sob aloud, end cry out to incile the men, who clamber, catlike ap the tall slender ladder reared agaiist the wall to greater effort. Here and there a woman faints and falls, and the crowd has to be held back lest she be trampled underfoot. But of all this tumult that awful figure ever in the front rank, takes no heed. His eyes are strained up to the wit<<lowa highest of all—the windows of those rooms in which he knows his darlings but a few short hours ago liy safely sleeping. The thought maddens him. " A thousand pounds!" he cries—" a thousand pounds to him who saves my children." No one could make him understand that no promise of reward was needed to sp:ir on Jiien_ urave and true and valiant as any soldiers that face their enemy up an the battlefield, and fi^ht even to tlie death for victo; j. Where can there be a fiercer enemy than the fire fiend? Wnere can the.e be braver soldie.'s than our firemen ? But David Earle is driven by ciael fear beyond the power of reasoning. Even as he cites, and far above the echo of his words, two dark Scares, their bright, brazen helmets catching tbc glimmer of toe flames, p-e seen scaling the walls, here passing through a sheet of fire, there lost in the billowing, acrid emcke. Hits! goes the friendly jet of water. Guided by the watchful hands below, it plays upon the points where most difficulty lr s to be encountered. The skilled fireman, crowbar in hand, his made for the little -window in the roof, the only part upon which the fire has not yet got a fi r m hold. See ! he beckons hie comrade. Now the two are out of si^tit. One moment—short in reality, bat that seems interminable, measured by suspense, and then—a sound like ths rising of a rashing tide, a sound that swells into a roar, and rising, swells and swells until it grows into a ringing, deafening English cheer! For high above the people's heads the dark fi&ures; with ^the shining helmets have come to sight a gun, and held in the arms, clasped to the breast of the foremost, ia a little, whiterobed figure. A ripple of golden hair falls across tbc sheltering arm ; and see ! behind these two, creeping stealthily and warily down towards the eaves of the gabled roof, is the second fireman, gaiding by the hand a figure that they all knew, the boy that D^vid Earle took from their midst, and made as his own son. Still, clear, and cold breaks the wintry daylight over the scene of the fire at Winstowe. A gbastly framework of charred and blackened oeams,a heap of strangely-mingled dibris smoking and smouldering, and now and again emitting fitful flames, are all that remains of what was yesterday EO fair a Lome. And a mile away, upon the slope of a lonely fipld. a man lies upon Ms face—dead! He has lain there through all the bitter frost of that long winter's night, and sunk from the falal stupor of drunkenness into the sleep of death. That cold and stiffened form is all that rema'is on earth of the drink-maddened incendiary, Benjamin Datton. The day after New Year's Day was the date on which the leave of absence of the faithful_Briggs expired. He duly arrived at the station, which was situated in the centre of the town, and on alighting on the platform, and searching for his vevy mode c t amount of luggage, it struck him that he was more than usually honoured by the general notice. His holiday had been sp3nt in London, among well-to-do friends- and for an inst?nta thought darted across nismindto the effect that it was possible the provincial Blind discerned some new and striking elegance in his appearance. Bat no; the notice bestowed upon him was more suggestive of curio&ity; than admiration. At last a porter approached him, relieved a feeling of sl'^ht embairassment by critically examining the condition of his own right hand thumbnail, and then stolidly observed :— " I say, yer place is burned down." Briggs sat down npon bis box, which providentially haupened to be near. "It's a fact,"' continued the man, finding that curious delight in astaniBhing and shocking a fellow-creature which is inherent in the human breast. "They say as how it was set alight to by one Datton, a drunken sweep of a chap" _" I know," gasped Briggs, holding on to the sides of the box, and staring, open-mouthed, at the speaker. " It's a bad job, for Win&towe; 'All was a fine old place. Anyhow, he's dead." " IJ/io's dead ?" shouted Briegs, springing up so rapidiv that the porter stepped back with promptitude. "Him as set it alight, of course." Briggs sunk npon the box once more, and drawing forth a crimson and yellow handkerchief, like one of M. Dumas' heroes, he *• wiued his humid brow." "Is every one saved belonging to the house ?" he mustered courage to ask. Several voices answered at once in the affirmative, for a crowd bid by this time gathered round, acd information as to the fire poured forth with extraordinary volubilitv. " Ah!'' said Brijgs, "if Td pitched that there Datton into the canal the evening as he gave me a dose of his imperence, it would have saved a tight of irouble, I see." -By this time he had recovered his calmness. Subsequently, however, the s : aht of the blackened ruins of the house that had sheltered b?*n for half a lifetime overset him again, and he finally st33&.;red into the lodge parloiu, looking more like the portly Briggs's ghost than his coiporeal presence. There he found Mrs. Timmins, her hands and arms swathed in cotton-wool, and her eyelashes and eyebrows burned cfL The only portion of her that was really presentable was her wig, for the old one had been burned, and the gardeuer's wife thad procured a new one in the town. ** Where's master?" said Briggs, looking at b>s Oit ftl'-OW-servant as though she were the remains of some curious extinct animaL Mrs. I.mmins melted into tears, and answered through them. " Master's at the Deanery and so s Master William, and so's Miss Lilian; and, oh! Bf ^is, ain't it dreadful that ever you and me should live to see this day ?" " Where's the plate-basket ?" said Briggs, who only Beemed capable of giving utterance to two or three words at a time. " Burned up," said Mrs. Timmins. (To be continued.) 