./THE, IRISH CHARACTER, AT ' - HOME AND' ABROAD-'^ ' ?'.?' ' ''.!,'? ? i ' ? '? '.. i ? .1!!!' ? i ', ': -- (A! Roundabout Paper'by Justin McCarthy, M:P. ) Anyone who has travelled in Europe, and who has an eye for observing 'anything, must have noticed the striking resemblance, in appearance and in manners, 'which lexists' between the Irish Celts and /what' we call the Latin ' populations of the European 'continent. Going into a church in almost any part of Southern France, or Italy, or Spain, one might easily imagine himself looking at an Irish congregation in Kerry or Connemara. There is, of course, some difference in dress between the Irish peasant and the Spanish, or even the Italian, pea sant ; but, apart from that, peasant faces in a Galway crowd at prayer, and the peasant faces in the cathedral at Burgos, might be said to belong, on the whole, to the same type or order. All the ways of the Irish people seem to me to be the ways of a population that ought properly to belong to a warm Southern country. The very manner in which the poorer of the peasantry live, with some thing like a sense of personal comfort, in their dark some cottages, seems like a survival of the habit which necessity and climate impose on the populations of hot countries, the habit of seeking, protection from a blazing sun within the shelter ofdairkand solid walls. lam not anything of an ethnologist, and am not able, in any satisfactory way, to trace the connection between the Celtic 'and' 'the ' 'Latin population's ; but, most assuredly, their appearances ancl their- manners illustrate something like a close affinity. ' ' ' ''':_. ,;'.', ;vV-. '? '' The love of the Irish peasant for music is a: love which he shares with the peasantry of all Southern peoples in Europe. That love still 'lives in the Irishman, and no National League meeting ever assembles in the open air without 5 its '''bands to ' play it in.' It may be said that the Irish peasant drinks whisky, while the Italian and. the; Spanish (peasants hardly ever drink anything so. strong, even; as wine. But to this it has to be answered that the Irish peasant, although, apparently, ; destined for a warm, dry, and sunny climate, lives in an island surrounded, as Disraeli says, 'by a melancholy ocean,' and liable, during a great part of the year, to continuous mist and to soaking rain; ; Moreover, there cannot be a greater mistake than to suppose that the ordinary Irish peasant is much of a whisky drinker. Poor fellow, were his inclinations in that way ever so strong, he would not have much chance of gratifying them very often. The poorer Irish labourer has a glass of whisky, now and then, as a treat, at rare intervals. The Archbishop of Cashel, a man who knows his countrymen thoroughly, was speaking, the -other day, to an English inter viewer, about the supposed drinking habits of the Irish peasant. He explained to his listener the condition of things very much as I am explaining it now. The Irish labourer, according to the Arch bishop, may perhaps, have, on an average, one glass of whisky in a week, but not more. He has not the money to pay for much whisky drinking. I am strongly under the impression that an Irish peasant, in a warmer and dryer climate, would soon become as indifferent to alcoholic drinks as a Spaniard or an Italian. The love of the dance is another senti ment which, even still in all his troubles, the Irish peasant shares with the Spaniard and the Italian. Any one who looks at Titian's glorious picture of the Assumption, at the School of Art in Venice, will see that the face of the Madonna, with all its yearning beauty, and the anticipated majesty of the opening Heaven on it, is only the glorified face of an ideal Irish peasant girl. It is curious, on the other hand, to observe how strikingly unlike the Irish Celt is even still to the English Saxon, with whom he has lived in enforced companionship for more than 700 years. It is hardly too much to say that nothing in Ireland is like anything in England. National characteristics, of course, are somewhat hard to define with any safe attempt; at dogma. I have known Germans who hated smoking (by the way, we must remember that the greatest of all Germans, Goethe, detested tobacco in every form). Some of the most generous and free-handed men I ever met were Scotchmen ; and I am acquainted with Irishmen who hate the bare idea of getting into a row. Still there are certain broad and deeply-marked differences which cannot be got over, and the reality of which any number of exceptional cases will not really affect. The English peasant for example, is in most ways a more practical, that is to say, a more material person, than his Irish compeer. He has less imagination. He does fnot live as an Irish peasant does, in continous companionship with what I may call the spiritual world. It is almost impossible to imagine an Irish peasant becoming a materialist in matters of faith. For him still the ghost and the fairy and the banshee are in the air, and on the earth, as they were in the days before railways and the electric light. Ask an English peasant in one of the southern counties the name of a river near his cottage, aud he probably cannot give you an answer. It has not occurred to him whether the river had or had not a name. Ask such a question of an Irish peasant iu his own regions, and he will probably tell you not only the name of the river, but half a score of legends about it, , Of course it is only in country places that differences so marked as these are found to exist and to endure. When populations get mixed together in great towns, the distinctions of race are likely to be considerably diminished, though not altogether effaced. In New York the Irish working population are probably brought into more companionship with their American fellow-citizens than the]London Irish, as we call them, are with the English residents of the quarter in which they live. But even in New York the Irishman retains still most of his national peculiarities, although some of them are melting and blending into those of the population round him.' There is coming into development a very distinct type of personage, whom I may describe as the Irish-American. This person is Irish in his eyes, Irish iu his mouth and lips, Irish in the ex pression of his face, Irish in his national inclinations, and Irish in his temper. But he is getting to have all the straight, well set up, alert, ready appear ance of the American ; he has the brisk, keen ways of the American, and, as generations pass on, he will probably become more American, even though remaining always Irish-American, or at least American-Irish. I do not see any type of man coming up whom I could call in the same sense the London Irishman, or the English-Irishman. Even where by generations of settlement in England a family has lost all trace of Irish accent, and, in deed, has acquired most unmistakably the accent of the Cockney, the apnearance and the ways of the Irishman .remain just the same, I know people in the East End, of London, Irish, by extraction, intensely Irish in-' 'feeling, 'who habitually associate only with Irishmen, and-who yefc speak in accents ' »- . which are Cockney of the Cockney.' r /Very *tran^e it is to hear such lads arid lassesisdmetimeS' joining ?.. in the chorous of 'God Save'ilrelandj'Norvsbme other Irish national song, with the unmistakable pro nunciation and tone of East- London. In the same way, up at Newcastle, in the English North Country, ' I have heard men of Irish descent pouring forth .the most intensely Irish! i aspirations -in ith6r,ou£h Northumbrian dialect: i' .?: . '^.n--' ''' .r v f j1o But these men do not ^become (English in appear ance or inhabits, whateverimay''jbeth.e-case'.with their accent. The Saxon and the [Celt seem to be always kept asunder by some curious natural law. Mr. Bright once spoke of Ireland being loosed from her moorings in the Atlantic and floating across tlie ocean to become a State of the great American Republic. No doubt this would be a very good thing for Ireland if it were only possible. Most cordially could I say, as Poins in ' Henry the Fourth' says of his sister : ' May the wench have no worse fortune ! ' But if one were inclined to in dulge in a day-dream, it seems to me that tradition and the fitness of things suggest rather the thought of the island, if loosed from its moorings, floating quietly away until it reached the shores of sonie soft Southern couutry, and settling there, aud fee' ing itself restored, as if after along, unpleasant, un wholesome sleep, to the sunny climate, the soft, bright skies and out-of-door existence, with music and dance, for whicli 'nature had from the first designed it. . ';?:.; ... ?;:.;, 