'M&rfa.; capacity foy belief is. practically nsljn|ited. Surrounded by mysteries to which soienoe has aa yet ' brought ' uo solution-met every where by the great npÜ of the Unknown-he has clothed all life with the' elastic garment of Possibility, and-"It may be so ; we do not know "-is the formula which confesses his. ignorance and accepts its consequences. The credulity is of course in exact ratio with this ignorance. Tell a child that the old moon is cut up into stars, and that the new is born afresh each month, and, having no knowledge, it will believe as it is told. Tell a person of ordinary education, not specialised, that the new star which has lately appeared in the nebula of Andro- meda, has just burnt into being, and that this age has witnessed the miracle of a sudden creation, and that too will be believed. But the astronomer, who knows his science, does not trouble him- self about the theory of the chopped-up old moon which goes to make the stars ; and as little does he accept that of the sudden creation of a blazing sun. It may be said that astronomy is an exact science, to be verefied or disapproved according to fixed rules and that we can- not plead this exactness about those things wherein credulity is chiefly exer- cised-those messages from the unseen -those interferences with the orderly sequence of phenomena, now held as law -that direct manipulation of circum- stances and materials which make up the sum of modern marvels. The great May Be overshadows the unknown, and and reduces it to a kind of nebulous haze wherein we see nothing distinctly, -thus giving room for every kind of guess. In a mist on a mountain side, that thing looming large and dark before you may be a horse or a cow, a rock or a house—you cannot tell. All you know is that you are surrounded by a thick white vapour, where you can see neither your path nor your surround- ings, nor yet make out the true shape of the objects which confront you. Hence your companions have the right, each to his own opinion ; and he who who goes in for the cow theory has as much no-reason on his side as he who believes in the horse ; and the believers in the rock are neither worse nor better than the maintainers of the house. Verification by a nearer approach and a clearer atmosphere can alone deter- mine the question ; when perhaps the black big object is found to be none of these things, but a furae bush magnified by the mist to the size of a house, and concealed as to its true shape. Where, then, pray, was the wisdom of falling to logger heads over each unprovable theory ?-though to be sure the wide- mouthed Zany who whispered " a bandit" on Skiddaw, or expected to tumble over one of. the old gods on Olympus—might be reasonably ridiculed and told to leave conjectures to those who had their brains in better keeping and more wholesome ordering. Few weeks pass in succession without some story of gross credulity, making those of us who are beyond that elemental sphere smile with pity and wonder combined. Now it is a servant girl who gives her hard-earned little savings to the Ruler of the Stars in the back kitchen, ou the faith of his promis- ing her a lover, with a horse to ride and a gold chain to wear. Now it is a farmer down in the simple West, whose stockyard has been bewitched by a spiteful neighbour and who has to " draw blood" for a counter-charm. The Banshee still sounds the ominous note of woe, presaging death, for certain families; the Kelpie still drowns the unwary traveller by the riverside of a dark night to certain stout believers ; and the marvels reported without more foundation than a coincidence, a dream, a fancy, an exaggeration, are accepted by thousands without distrust and with- out examination. Yet these same people would laugh at the pretensions of the savage wizard ; and the Laplander, who sells the winds tied up in a bag to be let loose as the knots were unfastened, would scarcely now command sixpence or credence from any Lonest sailor who knew how to read or write. All the same, our friend Jack would whistle for the wind on his own account, and take the stealthy catspaws creeping over the sluggish sea as an answer to his incanta- tion. With educated-folk credulity takes the wider, and, in reality, more humble path of "May Be ; because we know so little. " But with this humility there might be more caution than there is. Instead of exhausting the whole round of possible human fraud, these gentle souls, pene- trated with the vastness of the Un- known, accept all they see and are told at abound, and make that supernatural which is simply beyond their own imita- tive faculty. In that clever book, " King Solomon's Mines," a glass eye and a set of false teeth are the signs and credentials asserting supernatural powers ; and we are not milch wiser than the dusky savages who made a god out of an imperfect man. When you maintain that phenomena, which go against all the natural laws as we know them, must needs be tricks for which there is a valid explanation, you are met by the pious formula : " God can do what he will. Who shall limit His power ?"-or by the less devout and more flashy liberality which opens the door to all the possibilities. Laws are not-they are only sequences which have occurred so often as to be held unchange- able. But who can say that another set of laws may not come in and throw our orderly sequence, as we have hitherto had it, to the winds ? These things, which the most elementary common-sense would reject as on a par with the witch's broomstick and the witch's sabbath, are accepted on the ground of Superior Ignorance-the great May Be which surrounds and lies outside the Is being the wider and more comprehensive of the two. IIn daily life credulity finds its food in the ready credence given to slander and iniquity, Ninety-nine out of every hnndrfrii pfwplp bftlffty* ntl infftrnonp story if only given with sufficient detail ' The hundredth alone demands feorrobora tion. But they will not believe in extra splendour of virtue ; for that too, par parenüiese, is a curious arrangement of human thought. It is so much easier to believe evil than good !-just as it is easier to write a telling satire than a wholesome panegyric. Repeat a story, no matter how bad, with aplomb and the air of conviction, and you carry your audience with you. Mention the sum for which Ministers have been bought, and that which they have paid as hush money, and your hearers will rise to the fly, swallow it, and never ask whether it is made of living protoplasmic material, or of silk, dead feathers, and brown fluff It does not signify how impossible in detail, how infamous in application, how improbable in circumstance-it is a bait which credulity cannot withstand ; and the more unlikely the conditions of the story, the more certain are they to be accepted. The credo quia impossible runs through more sections of thought than that on which it was originally founded; and, however lawful for certain topics, it is the most dangerous of all the formulas ever propounded by man for others. We find this same credulity in distrust The central point of a character, the habit of a life, the' one salient virtue of a man, is ignored as if it had not been proved again and again, and a quite different set of quali- ties are assigned on the flimsiest evi- dence of appearance. A friendship that bas expressed itself for years in deeds as well as words, is assumed to have suddenly died out, because a letter has miscarried, or, for want of an address has never been sent. The credulous fondness for believing evil shows itself in a thousand ways ; and that large-hearted trust in goodness, un- seen and undemonstrated,but practically proved a hundred times, goes to the wall like the weakest in a fray. All those who are able to delve deep into another's mind come to tracts of credulity-that is, to beliefs entirely un- supported hy evidence-which make them wonder at the folly, and some- times despair of the advance, of humanity. Some believe in the wide- spread habit of secret poisoning, and, without the smallest fraction of evi- dence, maintain that the Queen's lieges are cleared off the face of the earth, with no more regard to coroner's inquests or the suspicions of friends than so many rats in a barn. Others have Jesuits on the brain, and hold to the creed which places a Jesuit in the centre of every web and the holder of all the reins. Some look on dreams as supernatural warnings, and pick up thc fragments of their waking impressions as carefully as if they were solid words sent from ! heaven to be their guides and governors. And some go in for the special gifts of seers and seeresses, and credit the inter- pretation given to the juxtaposition of cards and symbols. They forget the whole traiu of revelation which must have been before that interpretation can be correct ; and they shirk your question, if you ask them-do they seriously believe that some unseen influence shuffled the cards by the hands of the manipulator, and snatched the ace of diamonds which, next to the queen of hearts, betokened one thing to place it by the king of spades—meaning another ! Gamblers in lotteries and at the tables are supremely superstitious in these things ; and that unseen genius—good or bad, as it may chance—called Luck, is some thing not to bc doubted nor denied. ! Some go in for th« miracles -which, done one by one by the power of supernaturalism, are copied by the professed conjurors at so. much a head, entrance money, A few pessimists bewail the downfall of society, and show how all law and order, civilisation and progress, learning and science will be swept away at the next bidding of the brutal mob. And one credulous dreamer holds that the world is dead. It died on the tir st year of this decade, and we are all like so many snake-skins hanging on to a withered branch with skeletonised leaves. Of a robbery evidently planned and executed within the house, certain credulous mistresses believe that a spirit or a burglar who came down the chimney, had a hand in it, rather than the favourite servant whom Inspector X suspects. A stupid woman, dull in ta, and heavy in bearing, who spends ha her days in society, is supposed to m all those phenomenally swift-pac books which pass under her name, a would be enough for two industrio machines ; and when those who are ii credulous suggest that a "ghost" ni be in the library as well as tin; stml they are met by reflections less com.' mentary than explicit. It is so mu< easier to these others to believe a mai 1 than to And a reasonable expUuati<> , Nevertheless, perhaps these very pcm believe Miss Delia Bacon's theory td , Shakespeare was not his own poet, ,. | that other hypothesis put forward in t | plausible pamphlet a generation ur ) I ago, that Sir Walter Scott was only e stalking-horse, and his brother til« ie .I j wizard. Give the credulous by nature a lioi ? y I to ride, and, whatever their intellectual acquirement, they will ride it to death. A comparative mythologist of this kind sees only one cause, one origin, for ¡ill the religions of the world. He cannot accept the blending of many causes, but stops dead, like a pointer who has just sniffed at a partridge ; and no amount of game commingling on thc scene will call him off. It is all either dreams or ancestors-either the 6un or the night either the elements or ghosts. He will not accept this bit and that bit to make a general whole, but goes in severely for Unity, and sees nothing else. He is able to force all circumstances to his own view, and no discrepancies are too great for his acceptance - no gaps too wide for his jump. He is intellectually credulous because narrowed to one point only, and unable to aooept the third dimension. Length and breadth he knows, but thickness including another side— to that he is blind, and he will not be coached so that he may see. He finds a myth in a nursery rhyme ; and, in days, to come, when the origin is for forgotten, his successors will probably construct a recondite kind of puzzle out of Lear's " Nonsense Verses," to which comparative mythology will fit the key. Then the opposing interpreters will call each other hard names ; and credulity will laugh as she hoodwinks her fol- lowers. Meanwhile a calm and wholesome suspension of judgment is the best frame of mind to cultivate ; and to believe too rashly is as bad for the brain as to deny too obstinately. Mud can no more retain a shape than granite can run itself into a new mould, and in neither is there life or growth. 