. ? : ECHOES ' OP MELBOUENE ???[ ' ' '' ', (By,. thb ' Ghost.) '..'',' '-? , .Cpnsideririg the very J'?'m'ixed',' aspect of parties,' and tlie disprganizatiori' of the. Assembly, fair 'progress hiis 'Leeri' made' with, the^ business , of, tlie 'country. -'The Irrigation' Bi)l iias^boen got thrpugh Cotn-j uiittee,t'andi.bnly^h.waitsl ' ife' third reading-, ' before. 'b'ein'g1; handed'.' 'ov;er to' the tender' mercies^ 'the'fCburicilr ' ' Meiiibers,in sheer; we'ariries's of spirit' appear tbhave^iiciiepted : the Government proposals in'yregai'd'to' i,ii-»o»-in.Ti- i'inrVifja._. nf- nrnnArfcv owners, and although ^Mjssrs. Gjillies aa'dJDeakiji^have! ''t6a\5Keq( ^dbw'^^'^^©?^^^^^^, ». andvinate- ; riSiHyv-mbdinedHhb-'^olau8es^.with;pu'Kw.liichi the measure, according to these.^ajrithprities; wouklprpye'un-^rprKable'^itl.romains to be! seen ?Tyli'e'th'er-tfthe''T;D'pper,.c.B5puse will rest satisfied with the~'''concessionsl tj- | I'/jyested;.,.; rights,{'f! (-or; r. (insist n|pn, preserving1* ; iritact^' the' ' ; privileges '??- 'of ! the possessors^pf^watefa .frontages, who in many instances paid a'high jirice for the ? landjjn acqount of its position.^ Party con- 1 side'fa|ipn8jli^yeUbss weigh'tjin [tlie (upper! chamber than in the 'popular' hpuse, and it maygtheref ore1; come to,3 pass -ithat - after I all,'the''^na3uus~bjpus' of the' 'session, 'The-iGreat' .irrigation;. scheme,'., upon which the second,; coalition ^-ministry-, may be said to have fibate'd iritb 'existence,, may i come to naught and have to be'abandoried. - Messrs/'Deakiri and Gillies' have -so- often , and so energetically asserted that unless the whole of the rivers, lakes, and streams, of the colony are handed; over to.i their; cprir trol, irrigation on any extended plan wjll be impossible, that, it, will be buriouB to see what course., the .Government will take if 'the bottom is knocked out'' j of . their pot project— a contingency by the way far from urilikely. :.' / .' !! c i ? -. ; If the Government id notia united'and happy family the Opposition is in no better plight.' : Duringthe week this. i was- made all too plain in regard to two of ithe en/ants terribles* of I'the band-', that ) sit ' to' Mr. fSpeaker's'left— Messrs; W-.C. ? Smith and Gaiinson. Thesetwo honourable) gentle men, under the influence of the conviviali tiesiiricidental to- the annual, dinner of ithe Victorian railway employes, allowed their, unruly .tongues to .wag top freely, in regard to Mr. Speight and his two brother Kail way Commissioners, and not only did Mr. Speight's underlings— as becomes good and faithful , servants, dependent on, the great man for their present position and future promotion — hasten ' to assure the, chairman that , the utterances, pf .the two M.'sP. did not, meet their approval, but the Opposition took up the cudgels on behalf of the maligned trio, and refused to endorse the sentiments of. the two o.rators at the banquet and actually, though some what mildly it be must be confessed, blessed1 where' they were?; wont to curse arid repudiated the Ballarat Colonel and the chosen- representative of South Melbourne, astheir- mouthpiece in 'regard- to railway management under , the commissioner's' regime. The utterances of- Sir James Martin and Sir Patrick Jennings, ' who, at a banquet tendered in Sydney to the French con sulate agent, went1 out of their way to place themselves in opposition to the senti ? uients of- all Australasia in regard to the French occupation of, the .New Hebrides, have been the theme of much adverse com ment. The speeches might have been per mitted to; pass with, the contempt they merit, were it not ;f or the official, positipn ,pf : the ' two recreant knights in the sister colony, where pne occupies the - post of Chief Justice, : and the ; other is, unfortu nately, Premier. Carried away by 'the exuberance of their own verbosity,' or something', else, the two orators have given1 ' vent to sentitnerits which not pnly will find no echo beyond a few ' disloyal persons' ' in'. ; Sydney, bub ; : will' awaken widespread and strongly expressed feelings of disgust and shame among the vast riiajority of the people of Australasia. The colony that did so much' to assert its loyalty to the mother country by sending her soldiers- .to the Soudan to assist in fighting their Queen's battles, should hasten to : repudiate the cringing, time-serving pair whp have dene so much tpjrobher of her- good name,, and who,.' [ignorant . of .,,'tfie drift. , of -.public opinion, are'yet presumptuous and vairi enough to arrogate to themselves the right of speaking on behalf of others. ';''' ' - ' ''Henceforth newspaper's 'will have ,'to mind their p's and q's.' ' The 'Legislative , Asse'mbly'iri its 'wisdpm,'has refused !tb assimilate; the law in regard' to -journals published inVictoriato that which obtains in iingiana. Ji.ii presuuDiiujjouiiiai ropuru- ing the proceedings of a public meeting will be'1 -compelled ' .to '.omit' mention of all remarks' made by the various speakers in. disparagement of , any. publid f unction^ ary or private ; individual, ;under ^pain of being- cast, in damages., for libeli if unable to ' justify.' the aspersions of the^criticsi Like Monsieur , Jourdain, , in , Mpliere's coiriedy of ' Le. Bourgeois Geritilhomriie,'f 'who 'had 'been talkiri^. prose' all 'h'is life ,'withput .being aware of the fact, 'news-, 'papers in Victoria, hive i'liithertp !;be.en in' the habit 'of 'giving'full 'aridlf^ith'ful ^reports ' of ; all the' speeches- i delivered -'at public meetings, and have used their own discretion in regard to damaging stato ;in'ents;made ^respecting people refleoted on by.'the various 'orators. The debate in the Assembly.has robbed them now of the plea of ignorance in' regard to their trans gressions, .and henceforth the morning paper | -\yill be, devoid pf one of its chiof sources of attraction. The world now is just-as ready ,'as it was in Larochofoucauld'B time.to take pleasure in the misfortunes of itsfrionds, arid spicy little bits of scandal are ' generally welcome reading to moat people, arid more especially 'to such of the community as know the individuals ' ^ib be£ted'at public meetings. The Victorian Assembly by its vote on Wednesday even ing lias virtually decided that it is unsafe togranttp. the journalists of the colony a privilege enjpyed by the Press of the inether cpu'ntry. -As '?'' one good turn de serves, another,' the Press'should recipro cate ;thp', cbmpliinent by insistirig on the passirig'bf a bill curbing' thp license of speech in Parliament.^ i Iri^, ' the good .old days,','., [honourable, gentlemen uttering offensive; or insulting .remarks) were com pelled; to. afford: the injured one ' tho reparation tof 'a' gentleman.'' . Now their only punishment is the contempt of their fellow meihb'ers— 'a'perialty''appaiently riot very much dreaded if ' orie'may judge by the frequency with' 'whicn'it is' incurred. .',' The privilege of Parliauient ' is in very .trutbi a remnant of barbarism, for the continuance of;which .theroisin.the pro . sent i day not even the shadow of an ex cuse: ' ' ? iJ. ' ?!?,'?-- /, -ii-M- ??-? ,??? ,- ivMn wnaTrrapiaity Lne reconeciion or great crimes fades from the public mind is now, being exemplified^; ;j The grave has hardly, ..closed. ,pver~ the. remains of the victims of the murder arid . suicide of Williams and his wife, and, ,tho, tragedy is already, almostforgptten. Theoyster shop, -the' scene ''of i'the' double tragedy is no longer besieged by a curious crowd of sensation rriongers, anxious to see the knife with which the death blows 'were dealt, tlie stains left by' the blood of 'the victims and the surroundings of the crime, but is now besieged by. an eager crowd of. sight seers intently gaping at a large octopus, dis played in the window of ? the next door fish ? shop.;1 ? .,i;i-'; ?'?''''?..'? ??'???? ^September 28. Presentation. — A presentation was made , Thursday on board the steamer Pateena, previous to her departure for Melbourne, the . recipient being Mr. W. Atkinson; who has for many years been connected with the ceaohniaking in Laitn cestori, arid is now leaving liero to assume charge of a large business in Victpria. The presentation was made by Mr. F. Gee Duff, on behalf of the committee of the Artillery Quadrille Assembly, and consisted of a handsome : album, containing the photos, of thecommittee. ? Mr. .Atkinson's health was then heartily drunk, tuidhe was wished ion voyage..' Death: Return. — We have received from Mr. Alfred Jones,. Superintendent of the Launceston Invalid Depot, a return of deaths iu the institution for the month of September^ The return statei: that eight men have died during the month, their average age being over, 66 years. Their names, age, and native place are as fol low: — Henry. Meredith, 70 years, native of England j. Thomas Dowdle, 47, Tasmania j William' Carew, ' 82, England ; Alexander M'Donald, 61, Ireland; Oliver Cull, 47,. Sweden;, Charles Nye, 72, England; ? John Kellyi 77, England ; Andrew Hood, 76, England. . Deloraine.— Our Delpraine cerresppn dent, writing on Wednesday, says: — At a late hour last night or early this morning two of tho bridge lamps were smashed, and one at the railway crossing. It is hoped that the perpetrators will be caught and severely punished. A little boy was killed yesterday a few miles from here by the limb of a tree falling on him. Inverjiay State School.— After years of negotiation ' arid promises the State school at Invermay is still 'in the dim vista, of the future.' When some twelve months agp the Gpvernment secur«d a new site on the western side of the road hopes beat high, but nothing was done, and the only response to enquiries was that no' money was available. Thursday the old school reserve, on the eastern side of the road, bounded by the Inverosk Park and Messrs. Room's property, and contain ing 3a. 2r. 24p., v a i sold at a Crojvn land! sale, in five, allotments. The total upsot reserve 'fixed by the Government was ?£1000, the total price realised was £3000. Will the bid reply of 'no money avail able ' be again, given to. demands for tho long promised State school? Child Lost in the Bush for Twe lve Days.— At Westwood, Queensland, a Iboy only five years of ageiwaslost in the bnsh fer twelve , days and twelve nights, and . then was found not very much the worse on the side of a steep, wooded hill, not. more' than; a mile and a half from his father's residence. -The child has, since, his recovery] stated he passed the nights ?very comfortably. At nightfall he pulled sufficient dry grass to form a bed and to cover him over, and in this he lay down as darkness ; set' in. He completefcy covered, himself with it,! even to his head, and slept quite'conifortably and'waririly. One night, he ivever,' it rained very hard;1 arid when he woke in the morning he was -aching all1 over.'1 Hia legs' were so sore he could, irot walk, but as'.the sun rosethe painvanished arid he was able to' move about as well as ever. He was;, in no danger of perishing from thirst, there being, an abundanee of Tfa'teV, near! his camp,;, and his huriger he, satiisfied.with.native^pluiisj'an herb known. |tp,iitne.;. Australian youth';' as ; spur grass,. .yamsjiandtother.rootSTrediblps ? which he devoured with? zest andihunted foe- with, eagerness at all times. 