[?] The EiOSt Bear Hunters, CHAPTER I. It was December in the early part ot the present century. The winter had commenaed in good earnest, althoupht the fall of enow was less than usual in 'Canada. Time has wrought changes in the district of London, Ontario, since then. At the date of our story it was vory thinly peopled ; the settlements were few find far between. Facilities for emigration were few ; there were no steam ships to bridgo the Atlantic; railroads had not bsen dreamed of; tho British government were lees liberal with land-grants, and there were fewer inducements for that varied enter* prise which is now making the wilderness to blossom as the rose. Some gentlemen ' in reduoed circum stances, 11 whom necessity had driven to seek to repair their fortunes in the land of deep snowd and long winters, had obtained posses* sion of large traots of land, which they sought to let at a vory low rental to the poorer class of settlers, in order to found for themselves or their successors extensive estates as landed proprietors alter tho English model. Mr. T ? - held ono of these extensive tracts, almost equal to a modern- sized county in dimensions. Among the few who accepted his terms as settlers were John Qoway and Thomas Nowlan. Howay was an English man by birth, and had been some years in Canada. Nowlan was an American, and had spent the whole of his lite as a backwoods* man, which means that he was inured to all kinds of difficulties and dangers, and that he was not lacking in the ordinary resources of a' man who had spent his best years in the wilds. Howay, though a young man, was past tho middle age. Early one December morning Howay started from his log hut for a day at wood-outting. Besides his axe, he had his gun and his dog Lion. He soon discovered the tracks of three bears, which they traced to a large tree three miles distant. Boars are not comfortable neighbors ; and oows and sheep and pigs are not safe within their reach; besides whioh, their skins could be utilised for various pur* posee; whilo, it young, thoir flesh would provo an acceptablo addition to the winter's stook of food ; and, moreover, the fat, if not sold for bear's grease, would be useful for many other purposes. Perhaps it was his eagerness to secure ono of the baara, or evon all three, as his own prize, whioh led him on to immediate attaok, instead of returning to the settlement for help, as ho should havo done* He began, therofore, at once to cut down tho tree. But as tho tree was at least sixteen feet in cir cumferenco, this was no light w»-rk, It was needful, too, that he should keep a good look out in CiVo tii-a movements should di«lurh tuo brnm. This Is* began to do, but, slackening hu hlt-ention, ho whs presently put on tho alert by tho fall of a hirgn piece of bark. Looking up into tho tree ho discovered, to hia no email consternutbn, the largest of tho beara descending tho tree, tail foremost, Tho appearance of tho bear warned him to pre pare for the worst; so putting down hia axo, ho soized his gun, with the intentiou ot firing. Sscond thoughis, however, led him to hesi tate. Ho might wound but not kill the ani mal, and go cxa^perato him, and increase his own danger. Whilo ho waa thin deliberat ing, tho b.?ar had nearly reached the ground, when tho dog set up Biich a furious barking that the bear worked swiftly up the tree again. 0.1 reaching the top ot the trunk whero tho limb* branched out, ho paused, and turning round, surveyed both man and dog with a fierceness which was truly alarming. Jloway wished now that he bad nought the help of hia neighbours, for his position eoomed moro and moro perilous. Killying hid courage, however, ho 6eizod his gun, and lodged a ball in the animal's nook, which brought him lifeless to the ground.^ But, strange to cay, this success rather excited the fearB than stimulated the courage ot Howay. lie could not mako sure of killing tho others, and in turn ho might be their prey. Instead, therefore, of felling the tree, he made the best of hi-J way to call in the aid of some neighbors. II? returned with two men, three dog3, and another axe. Tfte tree was soon cut through, but in falling, it struck against another, and broke off just about the middle, at the identi cal paTt whero tho bears had stationed them* selves. Stunned and confused, tho animals ran so close to ono of the. mon that he actually put the muzzle of his gun close to the shoulder of tho larg'f hear, and lodged two balls in its body. The other made off and escaped un. hurt, while tho dogs engaged the wounded one until he shook them off with their flesh badly torn* It was now nearly sunset, and the men re turned to their homes for the night. Tho next mcrninj?, Howay was again on the track of the bears, having now only one companion, Thomas Nowlan. They were provided each whh a rifle, an axe, about' frix chargos of powder, and bread and meat sulfieient for one meal, hoping to bo back before nightfall. The manner of hunting bears in Canada is that of tracking their footsteps through tho snow to their winter retreats; and tbe knowledge that these tracks sometimes take tho hunter forty or even fifty miles from his starting-poiLt, should havo forewarned the men to havo been better provisioned, know ing also that their return muBt be on their own footprints, and that if thero should come a thaw, or a snowfall, they would be left with out a trail of any kind. The 12th December passed, and the adven* turous huntsmen did not return. The next day, and the next, came and whent in like manner, and still they did not appear; the only tidings of them being that about two o'clook on the 12th they had been observed crossing a river, which, in accordance^ with the name of London given to the district, i called the Thames. It is a considerabl river, and flows in a direotion south-west-by* west into lake St. Clair. Their friends and neighbours now became alarmed, and conoluded that they had perished with hunger aud cold, or had been killed by the wounded bear. A son of tho proprietor of tho district, under whom some of them held their farms and lots, therefore assembled a largo party of the settlers pertaining to the townships of London and Nassouri, with the purposo of seoking the lost men. They doubted not, however, that they had fallen a prey to the weather, even if they had esoaped harm from tho bears, for the cold was intense, their olotbing was slight for the winter sea sou, they had no tinder box, and wero en tirely wishoufc means of any kind to proleot thom from the severity of the weather. The party in quest prepared themselves in every way for their hazardous undertaking. They stocked themselves with provisions, pocket compasses, trumpets, abundance of ammuni tion, suflbient clothing, and the apparatus for lighting fires ; and, in addition, they took with thom some of the best dogs in the country. There was one thing which added to their difficulties — a thaw had taken place, and tho snow had wholly disappeared from the ground, excepting in low and swampy situa tions. They had, therefore, no tracks what ever, and no idea of the direction the lost men might have taken, only the hint obtained from the men who had Ecen them orossing the river on the day of their departure. They had, as a consequence, no very sanguine hopes of finding them. They oontinued their search, however, for two days, exploring thouaands of aores of forest and swamp, where thoy saw no trace of tho foot of man. Giving up all hope of finding them, either living or dead— for they had not once come upon their track — the party returned home. There was one consideration whioh tended to mitigate the distress of the situation, to render tbe event less distressing than it might have been ; the men had no family, bo far as was known, to mourn their loss, or to suffer by their death ; it was simply the neighbours who were grieved by the sad an painful end whioh they concluded Howay and N-rlan had come to. Thus day following day, and Christmas morning dawned. Young Mr. T — —was just in tho act of despatching messengers to take an inventory of tho property of the lost men, when the news reached him that thoy had re turned a few hours before, alive, but in a con dition of tho moet utter wretchedness. As soon as possible, therefore, he went to see them, being anxious to know for himself that they were really alive, and to hear from them an account of their adventures and (sufferings. It was a sight no ono need wish to see, por, havine once seen, to behold a second time, They wero spectacles of woe and misery and wretchedness almost beyond description their garments torn, their countenances emaci ated, their eyes Bunk, their flesh whitered away, and their whoh oppcaranoa moro liko spectres than living men. They were only the ghosts of their former selves, and to con verse with them seemed like holding intercourse with the spirits of the ^ de- ; parted. Thoir privations and sufferings j had been so great, that the reoord of them seems more like romance than sober history ; their protracted ondurame was so astonish ing, and their deliveransa so remarkable, that it may be alike interesting and profit able to listen to a relation of their adven tures. CHAPTER II. It was on the I2th of December, that Howay and Nowlan started in pursuit of the bear. They soon came upon his traok, which they followed in a north-westerly direction for at least twenty miles, when night oame on. With difficulty they succeeded in making a firo, getting a light by p'acing a piece of dry linen on the pan of a flint lock gun while flashing it. Supporless thoy lay down to rest, and sleeping they spent tho night, whioh was exceedingly cold, its rigour being moderated by tho warmth of their ample fire. At day light, after breakfasting on the email ^ frag ments remaining from yesterday's dinner, they started again on the traok of the bear, their faithful dog having shared with them the crumbs of yesterday. The bear's track now became very much involved, winding and doubling in a manner so perplexiog that, ahout noon, whon they must have^ proceeded twenty miles, they resolved to givo up tho ohase; for having no compass, and tho Bun not being visible, thoy were unable to dis tinguish north from south. Their oondition was most perilous ; in the depth of winter, without food or shelter or any knowledge of their relative position, lost in the bound less forest. To make matters worse, a thaw had set in ; tho snow was disappearing, and the rain was increasing hour by hour. They now rcoollected that in the early part of the day they had crcKsed tho traok ot another bear, which thoy thought might lead them to Homo RcUlement. Thoy hoped, too, that if it did not conduct them to tuo abodee of mon, it might lead to tho beer's retreat, and that if (hey wero sueccaaful in killing him, its flesh would afford thom food, and its okin servo as a bed. They followed the track, thercforo, until they Io3t it by reason of tho melted enow. Wtat to do or what coureo to tako, they did not now know. Hunting tho bear gavo place to an effort to ward off starvation and to get homo. They soon found themselves on tho bank of a smnll river, which they conceived to be a confluent of tho Thames. Iloro thoy p&s3ed; tho cecond night, at tho cloao of a day of hunger, disappointment, vexation, and fatigue. The situation waa dreary enough. It rained in torrentf, aud their only shelter was a fow strips of bark. Tho wolves howled around them, and the tempest was eo ficrcc that trees wero torn up by tlio roots and strewn around in wild confusion. The scene was unchanged when morning broke. About noon, the vio lence of tho storm abated ; but tho rain fell i relentlessly the whole of the day, whilo the I cold was unabated. They again pursued their I journey, still fcustained by hopo. Towards I sunset, Howay fired at a partridge, but missed it, and they went supperleea once more. On the fourth day, they felt the pangs of hunger, so that they could havo eaten almost anything, and their thirst was so insatiable that thoy were compelled to drink every few minute?. Sixty hours had now (lapsed since they had tasted fool, aud tho appalling idea of death by starvation forced itself upon them. Just before sunset, Nowlan succeeded in shoot ing a partridge, half of whioh they consumed for supper, and devoured the other half for breakfast tho next morning. But eo ravenous were thoy that, as thoy afterward declared, their hunger waB no more appofised by eating | this bird than it would havo been under ordi- j nary circumstances by swallowing a cherry. Littlo moro than one charge of powder was now left them, and thin they determined to reserve for lighting fires ; for, as the frost had now again set in, exposure for a Binglo night without fire would result in speedy death. Tho fifth night was extremely cold, and Nowlan found in the morning # that his feet were badly frozen. But thia was not all. To the excruciating tortuica of frost bitten feet weie added an unappeasable thirst and burning fever. Hitherto, they had walked or rather run, from sunrise to sunset, doing about fifty miles a day ; but now it was with great difficulty, and with almost unbearable pain on the part of Nowlan, that thoy accom plished half that distance. On the afternoon of tho sixth day, the^ sun appeared for a few moments, and convinced them that they wero not on the banks of the Thames ; and as they had crossed that river to tbe north, they could only concludo that they were on one of tho rivers whioh flow either northward into Lake Huron or west ward into Like St. Clair, In either caso thoy would bo a long distance from homo, and in a region then unsettled by white peoplo. Still as it led somewhere, they chose to follow its course, as it might conduct them to Bome Indian settlement. In a short time they discovered a boat on the opposite side of the river, and, a littlo further down a canoe. Tbe appearance of theso ornft inspired them with tho hopo that thero might bo ' Bome human habitations or fellow-ereaturc3 near. But after travelling several mile?, they came to tho conclusion that tho boats had beon driven down the river during the recent thaw and atoms. Thoy were jast commencing to cut down a tree for the night's fire, when thoy observed a stack of hay a short distanco be foro them, an their side of tho river. Tho haystack convinced them that they were near some settlement, and it afforded them a comfortable bed for the night, whero they slept soundly for seme hours, which was their first proper Bleep since leaving home. Re freshed by their repose, they started with new energy, still keeping the bank of the river. The dog, however, their faithful companion hitherto, could follow them no longer ; when they started, he staggered a few paces, and then fell. The gnawings of hunger suggested that they shiuld kill him to help to sustain their own life; hut humanity, and affection for the companion which han served them with such fidelity, got tho better of all suoh promptings. They had hardly proceeded a mile on their journey, this seventh morning, when a new difficulty appeared iu tho Bhape of an impassible swamp, which compelled them to leave the bank of the river and strike out into the pathless waste. They walked all that day and the next, and about four o'clock on tho ninth day they came upon the tracks of two men and a dog. Hope leaped to the conclusion tbat they were now near somo settlement, and that their toils and Bufferings and the withering hunger would soon be over. Alas 1 they were doomed to disappointment. After following the tracks for sometime, they were brought to the very spot where they had reBted a few nights before. The footprints were those of their dog and themselves, Despair now seomod to lay firm hands on them. They sat down without even taking the troublo to kindle a fire, feeling that it would bo better to be frozen to death than to seek to prolong a miserable existence, i They gazed on eaoh other with countenances I full of the most painful emotions ; tears I flowed freely down their haggard cheeks ; and j their chief dread was that ono might survive tho other, to dio unpiticd and unseen. The apprehension, too, that their bodies would be devoured by animal?, was ono that added point to their miseries. After they had both beon the prey of melan choly for an hour or more, noway seemed to regain his composure, and told hi3 companion it was their duty BtiU to employ means for their own preservation, as He who gave them being had alone tho right to tako away their lives. Boused by those considerations, they set about kindling a fire, using their last floBh of gunpowder for. the purpoee. Thore seemed then no hope that they could possibly exiBt beyond the night of tho following day. The morning found them in a state of apathy ; but they roused themselves to pursue 'the:-r jour ney, and at nightfall they reached the hay stack whoro they had had their only Bleep. The dog was still alive, but unable to rise, and was a mere skeleton. The desire of lifo onco moro revived in their breasts, and they ate with ravenous appetite a largo quantity of the inner bark of a epecieB of elm. This soon produced delirium, and they lay down among the hay in the greatest mental agony. By daylight the next morn ing they were better, and wsuld have risen; but recolleoting that thoir materials for mak ing a fire were oxhausted, thoy resolved to roll themselves up in tho hay again and await the hour of death. Scarcely had this resolu tion been formed, when they heard the sound of a cow-bell, aoming apparently from the op posite sido of the river. The sound of a cow bell, «they knew, waB a certain siga of a human habitation at no great distance : they there fore arose at once, ns if gifted with new energy, and soon perceived a log liouso, aB if recently erected ; but no eign of inhabitant. Thoy cculd hardly believo their oye?, thinking the log-house might be, after all, a creature of their imagination, disordered by long ab stinence. At length, convinced ofcits reality, they began to search for means to ford the river, which turned out to bo the Bauble. ' Finding a croasing-plaoe, they were not long in reaching the opposite shore, whero they were met by a white man and two Indians, who took them to the house of a man named Townsend, who waa well- known to them, and from whom they received every mark of kind nees their forlorn oondition required. The ringing of the cow-bell was a happy oircumstance for them. The river flowed into Lako Huron at a point one hundred miles from any settlement, and they were only thirty miles from the lake when, meeting with the swamp, they had inadvertently bent their steps baok into the woods along their own traok. Towusend'fl log-hut wao fifty miles from thr ?*? home, and had only rrccntly been orcctrd ;it«r n salt spring ho had diicovcred somo timo before. Mrs. Townsend attended to tho frozen feet of Nowlan ; and after thoy had rested and sufficiently recovered ntrcngth, iMcy started for thoir own settlement by tho aid of ablazoil line -bark taken from ttew with an axe by a previous traveller — and on Christmas ovc, thirteen days after they had left thom, thoy had onoo more tho happiness of entering their own homes and enjoying the oomforts of their own firesides. 