WOBTSSI6 VOPXC8. Bt thm " Spoetsmah" Staff. " The -best on re cord, "as for be tbe attendance mas concerned, was tbeolBcial report .m -eonacctioD Trith tbe Wynd- bam Winter JCeetingon fifturday. Tiro special trains -conveyed -a large n amber or vieitora to tbe conrae at the Werribee, and as a fair -ntunber came from tbe Geelong aide, and 4be local residenta turned qp introng force, Mr. M. Wall, the secretary,. was happy. Tiro or three mistake occurred in connechon with the judging .in the -first raee, whidi caused a ilitUe cohf uslon and some amusement. Thus Bector, -rrbo baulked at the first bardie and -was a long way behind all the way,, was declared by the judge — Mr. A. Chimside — to be -the winner. Tbe judge, -who bad Mr. Bar nard with him in ithe box, .was soon -apprised by <ths .public of 'the mis take, and there- were. ories of ".Whale bone" and "iTownley" from tbe people ' assembled -round the box.' Whalebone's .number was next put -up, but eventnally ffownley .(wbo won by a neck) was declared tbe winner and Ms -number hoisted. -But the .judge was determined to have- Hector in it-somehow, and his nnmber was elevated as -third, much to the annoyanoe of those who had the . third -horse— flhe Pretender— in sweeps, ltdfter this the judging went on swimmingly, and things generally got on fairly-irbU afterwards. jThebb was a field -of -nine in -the -Hurdle Bace at -Wyndbam. Walhalla having been scratched, -Bevengc and Barney were left at the top of the handi caps. Bevenge was made tbe favourite in the betting at the first, hut Joey supplanted him before the -start. The son of Panic led all tlie- way till entering the home turn, where both he and Joey ran very wide, and the-raee was left .for decision between Whalebone and Town- ley. The latter had an advantage, and . Fergusson was just beaten bya- neck after a' very exciting finish. A pnorEST was entered by -the owner of Whalebone against .Townley in the Hurdle Pace, on the ground that -the latter had ran inside two posts. The .protest was not' decided i'for -some time, and several bookmakers -laid -wagers on the- result. Odds of 2 to. 1 were offered -against Townley being declared the win ner, but the stewards 'gave the -race to .him. iT-he Wyndham Handicap, of <100 soys., with a very pretty silver cup, , presented by Mr. C. X). Straker, added, attracted some first-class horses, .Only two of those on the card were struck out, and thirteen faced the starter. The Ghost was picked out from the first as a likely winner, but as soon as it was known that Craeknell was going to -ride the Tasmauian horse, Pocahontas, and that " the party" had got their money on, ahe was installed an equal favourite, and .Preston, ridden by O'Brien, was also close up in the betting, wliilesereralothers were well supported, very few getting on the ultimate winner, Wairarapn. Genoc and Allander made the running to the -straight, The Ghost coming down, and then .Honeybee momentarily held the lead, soon to be supplanted by Waira- Tapa, .who had a couple of lengths' lead half way. up tbe straight. Hereabouts .Preston .got through, hut was too -late, and could not get nearer than half a length at the finish. Go&sy;, the jockey, was fined £2 at ithe .Wyndbam races on Saturday for dis obedience at the post in the Wyndham Handicap. .The Wyndham Racing Club benefited to tbe extent of £46 by the sale of Ariel, the winner of the Selling Race. Xho gelding wolhajo easily that on beiug sub mitted for sale there was a good deal of .competition. Mr. Hoystead, the owner, eventually bought in the son of Brandon forfl. The fixe horses coloured on the card went out for the Wyndham Steeplechase. Xandsticker was installed a slight tfavoorite over thejnuch talked of West- ecn .District horse. Spangle, and Fickle snts.al80 .well supported. After Spangle .said Blneskin bad alternately made the running, old T&ndstjcker; came through, .and ibis .superior pace telling, he had no difficulty in passing jSpangle, who soon .collapsed, and also allowed Fickle to pass -her, but -afterwards got second place on sufferance. Ton detacher's win was very pqpular, and ths rider, and horse were 'loudly .cheered on coming in. Elder (faced the starter- for the Werri bee Paric -Handicap, Bkhworth, with Goay -qp, -being picked out as the most likely winner. Mabel Gray jumped awajr with the lead, and .remained in front .till within thirty yards of .home, when Riohworih came up to her, and just iron. on -the post by a neck- Tbe dis tance was a furlong too far for .Mabel. No official time was talced at the Wyndham cases on Saturday. The time was. Uk» far. .several private cratches, bnt as it -differed considerably with different persons, -it would be oijy, mis leading to give etcy time. " Thxee ishuokiaodd numbers." Each winner in the fisv naces at Wyndham. on Saturday - ems s»nsnsented by an «dd nutaberon the esuid , Buhday last was ethe 1st of August, -end, consequently, it eras the birthday ,cf all Australian horses. Yearlings ibeeome two-year-olds, whilst those <o£ (the latter age are nam -entitled to com pete for races over snece titan the pre scribed one mile and a quarter, and am eligible to ran over any .distance. The sixW-olds join the aged dirision. We hesetily wish them all good luck. A tfSMC deal of confusion and annoy ance bos -been caused owing to the name of Wairompa, tire winner of the Wynd ham HasAieap, being by some means left out of "the .official list of .acceptances". (Several comeapondenU hare wmtten to MS in eases where sweeps were git up a day or Awo previous to the race, pyd Uie nams Althe winner omitted. Jjirifi rrgf Mtw not -behind baud in ths asute of chsrUy. Mr. L.H.Hort, we am informed, has collected h snmnf jE2l 13s, fid, from his hrother metsllicians in aid of the widow and orphans of the. late John Hooten, who was recently killed hy heing ran over by d train nt Albert Fork. ' " not doing ill Hie rRcing \- Vlprjiig 1 ingoing , wwiCj : ihc . eeiong RfDlnb tol5 ttp WintbrMeeting ma8ura|, when vriU jdhtiier with ' a number of.ter jml» imSet tire Oh Monday tbe BoseTBI-Sdtog R«co brought out that speedy mare HotUeen in a new rile. The dmugbterof Xrags- borongb and Washed Ashore started favourite, and won easily. It it» YMy fortunate for 'Mr. H. E. I-ord _that Mr. E. Weeks was not present, or it isjnst -possible that "the Bajah" would have had a cut'in for tbe mare. The Hod. James White still sticks to bis theory, and bis opinion of the rasd- visability of racing early two-year-olds wes exemplified in the jtosetull ©irot, as none- of his favourite sire's (Chester) stock 'figured in the race. It will doubtless be remembered that at the July Meeting -of the Els tera wick Park <Clnb five jockeys — T. Sanders, G. Johnson, B. Brown, G-. Stratford, -and J..Tomlin — weresnspendedfor one month -for disobeying the orders of tbe starter. The term mentioned expired the -day before yesterday. The acceptances for the Winter Meet ing of the Geelong Racing Glnb, to be held on -Saturday next, fell due yester- \- day. .From the list published elsewhere in our columns, it wul be seen that four teen horses have been left in the Hurdle Race. Among those who did mot accept for that event were Royal Maid, Pan, Duration, Miss Day, and Deringa. A field of fifteen have accepted for the Railway Stakes, and it is noticeable that Darrein gMaster, Middlemarch, Straight Shot, Walhalla, Louis 'II., Violet, Dexter, and Eohai -stand out. For the Two-year-old Race the chesnut -filly by Lothair— Lucina, Murmur, Fire brace, and Casuist have not accepted. Hovclock, Roulette, and Brown -Eagle will be missed from the .Steeplechase. Tfie Winter Handi cap has so far been reduced to a field of sixteen, and the following wece withdrawn.: — The Fobber, Allender, Sordius, Gcnoe, Huron, The Pencil, Chuckster, Othmar, Grace Darling, Douglnston, St. Paul, Mozart, and Prime Minister. Dexter has not accepted for the .Selling Race, and Gentle Annie, Miabel, Lara, Orphan, and Nellie have been left oat of the Handicap Trot. Mb. A. Town, the well-known breeder of New -South Wales, has sustained a great loss through the death of Legend, who will be best known as the dam of Lothair and :Le Grand. Inflammation was the cause of her demise. Legend was bred- in England in 1869, and was got by -Cathedral from -Sibyl, by Pompey from Hawise, by Jereed. The Hon. W. A. Long has had the misfortune to lose his promising colt, Harvey Birch, who was by The Drummer from Ida, the dam of The Gem, The Jewel, and other notabilities. The cause of death was from the effects of a fall received whilst exercising. In New South Wales they are attempting to restrict the running of the two-year-olds. Mr. H. Austin has given notice of his intention to move at tbe next general meeting of the A.J.C. as fol lows.: — " That from and up to the 1st of October, 1886, no two-year-old race shall be run for in New South Wales prior to the first two-year-old event included in the Australian Jockey Club programme." Ibaiksus and jockeys can get their tickets for the GeeloDg races at the Victoria Hotel, Geelong, on Friday night, between the hours of 8 and 10. No tickets will be issued on (he morning of ithe races. Ekxbibs close on. Tuesday next for the Distance Handicap Trot in connection with, the New South Wales Agricultural tiooiety's.Show. The event is for a parse of 100 sovs., and the rsee will be rim in .divisions. Nominations may be made with the secretory, Mr. F. Webster, in Sydney. Mb. E. Wenx.wobth was lucky enough ito win the Rosehill Railway Stakes on Monday last with Premature, who is a grandly bred one, being by Grand Flaneur from Amethyst. The former owner of the came little Sardonyx has not had his colours borne _ successfully for some time, and the victory of tho French grey jacket wonld be hailed with delight, especially by the fielders, as Premature etartea at 10 to IL The winner labours under the disadvan tage of being a July foal, hence his name. Ellis rode him, and disposed of fifteen others. The Hon. W. A. Long's Lord Cochrane was favourite, but he failed to seenre a position, Victory and Upper Cut filling the other places. I notice that some of the Sydney scribes are blowing up Mr. Score for giving The Agent thirteen stone odd at Rosehill, and one of the most ridicnlons of the writers calls it crashing the little horse. If I remember aright, "the little horse" carried lfist 61b. and won his Hurdle Race very easily when I was last at Randwick. When will this toadyism to anyone with " Hon." stuck before his name cease f I was glad to see that George Burton, who has not had many mounts of late, won the Hurdle Race at Wyndham on 'Saturday. Barton has pat on a good deal of flesh lately, bat I belie ve he can still' aerie 8st 14Mb. By the way, I was surprised to see Sjldnff standing down bom at Flemington and Wyndham. As there is no more fearless and powerful' cross-country horseman in Australia, it seems strange that certain owners did not avail themselves of his services. Entbies for the Moonee Valley Meet- fing on the 14th inst. close on Monday (next, at the nana! honr and place. £n the studio of Mr. Fred Woodhoose, joR„ there are two oil paintings just completed whieh rank amongst the youqg artist's best efforts. The first is a shaking likeness of First Chester, with yoaog Relso up, and I scarcely know which portrait s the more lifo-like, the jockey or the horse, _' This picture, which it a masterpiece, hks heen painted . to the <order ofMr. W. , Kelso. The other postrait representa ttts ' trotting more Muti A. the pi uprn.tj at Mr! Payten. .-v. - . ' ' .- The Hon, W. Pearson's Trumpeter reappeared c..ti»e, stoeplechaBe coarse on Thursday at Sale. His pnly opponent was Qnadnllw, rtw hetting -in fovonr of whom was fi to l oo. ' After a grend race, Trumpeter wjus beateiby a head: The aon of Vagabond had to concede Ms opponent 2st. 2lb. ; ; , YteH ' programme (ff tim Mribpnriie, Hunt Club meeting, at Fjehiuigfohi oh the Sod Ootober. is publiriied. - It consist of sixr . eynnts'-A ' '-Selling Race: Hurdle Sai. 'Hunt IBtoh Cup; Flat fiipv, PtwlrlrrbSsr. arid ' fispliiij StakeHm iraooforthe FJat! Raoe. . Entnee for tiib Hunt OMb'tinp' f nd Flat Race glMo bn the lSlh Beptem. j ber, and the otitPF ercnts on thb -HOIh j tieptHstrir. ; v. - :.;.j We have received from the secretary a | copy of the programme of the Spring Meeting of the Ilawkcsbnry Race Club in neat book form. The entries for the Claret Stakes and Hawkesbury Guineas of 1887 and the Produce Stakes of 1888 arc also included. Amebican racing men appear to have tumbled to the fact that starters "are not to be picked up every day ready made, and one of the leading Yankee writers doesn't hesitate to say so : — " After the poor exhibition made on Saturday last, Mr. Clarence M'Dowell felt it incumbent wpon him to resign his position as starter. He will be missed bv the bookmakers, bnt the betting public will feel much relieved. Mr. M'Dowell is an estimable gentleman, bnt starting was not Ms forte, and it is tbe forte of a very, very few. He made a plucky endeavour, but like many good men that have preceded Mm, he has been forced to retire." , The New Zealand horses arc gradually dropping out of the Melbourne Cup. Six out of the nine nominated are still left in, however, including the cracks Trenton and Nelson, and the Hon. W. Robinson's pair, Winchester and Liverpool. Entbies close on Tuesday next for the Hurdle Race, Publicans' Parse, and Show Gift, in connection with the Stawell Races on 18th August. The New Zealand National Steeple chase has been won this year by Canard, owned by Mr Lunn. Faogh-a-Ballagk was second, and Michael Scott third. The conditions in connection with the V.R.C. Sires' Produce Stakes, to be ran in 1890, are published. The club add £250 to tbe stake. Colts have to carry 8st. 101b., and fillies 8st. 71b. Geldings at tbe time of mnning are allowed 51b. Sires must be nominated with the V.R.C. or A.J.C. secretaries before the 13th September next. The meeting of the newly-formed Wagga Amateur Turf Club lias been 'postponed to tbe 25th August. Entries close on the 17th inst. 