W I N S T O W E . BT MRS. LEITH-ADAMS, CHAPTER XIV. "GOD GUARD THEE, Mr BELOVED! GOD GUABD THEE!" "God bless my soul 2" cried Pelham Pettigrew again, rubbing up the iron-grey crest on the top of his head till it formed a Bpiky peak, and staring, open-eyed, at Snow across the table, "what have I said? What is young Tcemlett to yon ?" "Tremlett is nothing tome," replied his companion, speaking in that quiet, measured tone that is the sorest sign of suddenly enforced self-control—"nothing to me personally; but he is going to marry a woman in whom I am deeply—whom I have known all my life. She is the niece of my aiopted father, Mr. Earle, of Winstowe, and naturally I feel the same interest in her as if she were my sister. It is for her sake I am pained at " " Yes, yes, I see," interrupted Mr. Pettigrew, "the same interest as if she were a sister—quite, quite!" It was another of this gentleman's peculiarities that when any one asserted a fact to him, he seemed to set that foot before his "mind's eye," wrestle with himself mentally n argument upon it, and settle himself ruthessly with that short, decided monosyllable, "quite." You know my history," went on William Snow, a dark flash stealing slowly up to his brow; "yoa know how friendless in the world " "Yes, yes, I remember you told me all about it—capital old fellow Earle must be!" Mr. Pettigrew was, however, only affecting ocularity because he saw that his guest had hardly recovered from the shock his words had caused. His bright grey eyes gave a quick, penetrating glance at the face of the man who seemed to have suddenly grown years older; and the result of his scrutiny was the humming of a tune under his breath, and a certain nodding of the head, that apparently answered an argument within himself, "Rum—turn—tee—ram—turn—tee; it's a queer world, Snow; here you go up and here you go down, and all that sort of thing, eh ? Well, well, you're gone 'up' steadily, my boy, and you'll get to the top of the tree before long." "I was saying," continued William, "that, bang so much indebted to Mr. Earle, I naturally feel a deep interest in what must so nearly concern him as the character of the man his niece is going to marry. "Just so," nodded his companion—"just so—to say nothing of the girl herself." " To say nothing of the girl herself," was echoed in a voice that faltered ever so slightly, yet enough to tell the story of William's secret to a man who had learned to gange the current of every life by the very smallest straws floating on the surface. "Do you think. Mr. Earle knowB that Eoung Tremlett is not exactly an immacuite being and winks at it ? Tremlett Court is a fineold place, and the fellow's got good blood in his veins—good, I mean, as far as coming over with the Conqueror and all that lot. As to quality, I should think his blood was half alcohol, even as a ' poling infant!' Ha! ha! few men could lift an elbow so high or so often as old Bernard Tremlett. Chip of he old block, this youngeter!" It was with difficulty William had remained silent throughout this speech. "If you knew Mr. Earle, you would be as certain of his ignorance as I am. He is one of those guileless souls who never harbour a hard thought of any human being; and when the evil in them isBO thrust before hie face that he must look at it, he mourns over the wrong as if it was his own doing, and pities the sinner with all his tender heart." "Capital! capital!" cried the delighted host. " Eden before the fall transplanted to the nineteenth century! Gad! but I should like to have the old gentleman in Court, and let him hear a cause Tm just now concerned in. By Jove, sir, his eyes would start cut of his head before it was over!" The idea tickled the Q-C.'s fancy so exquisitely that he rubbed his topknot up a little stiffer. like a bird pluming its feathers complacently. All in a moment he grew thoughtful. " This is a serious business, Snow, a serious business. What will you do in the matter, ch?" This was just the question that had been surging in William's heart for the last halfhour. What should he do? And he could find no more satisfactory answer to give to the question than this : " I cannot tell; I must think." "Turn it over. Think it out dispassionately. Make up your mind what to say to the old gentleman. Quite, quite." Bat he fathomed every motive that rendered this so difficult a task. He read the man's haart as though it were an open book. Dispassionately! Ah me! how could that be, when he loved this woman, betrothed to a man unworthy of her—loved her with every fibreof his being ? Would he not have counted it the dearest bliss life could offer to see those trusting eyes looking up into his face as he had seen them looking into Guy Tremlett's? "Guy Tremlett may have sown his wild oats, like many another man," said William presently, "and now better things may be looked for from him. A man has a powerful motive for reform when a true woman loves him, and Lilian—Miss Selwyn— is one to possess a strong influence over those with whom she is thrown. For her sake, and for the sake of the old man who idolizes her, I trust in God Gny Tremlett may prove better than our thoughts of him." Pelham Pettigrew enjoyed the spectacle of the younger man's enthusiasm without sharing in his hopefulness. He appreciated and admired the generosity that underlay his hot words, without in the least changing his opinion of anything that bore the name of Tremlett. " Any one (except the devil, of course) may reform; but drink and gambling are two bad dogs to bite a man—dogs whose fangs poison the blood, and leave a nasty taint behind. However, my dear sir, we shonla always let Hope a flattering tale, if she will, and try to look as if we believe her." This man of the world had a heart that at times yielded to the influence of a generous kindliness of which he almost denied the existence to himself. " You'll be able to get out of town for a bit ~ now, Snow," he said, puffingthe smoke of his cigar high in the air, and looking critically at a Joshua Reynolds that hung beside the mantelshelf, as if he saw it for the first time, and was mentally valuing it with a view to purchase. " Come up to my little box near the Cheviots and rongh it there for a week or two. I intend to ran up on Friday | come with me. The journey's a mere nothing. You throw yourself into the train at Euston, read the paDer, take a nap, and there you are!" He spoke of doing all this as though it were some acrobatic feat, and waved his hand in an imaginary greeting to the "North co tin trie." The proposal sounded in tVilliam's ears like a suggested escape] from a labyrinth of perplexities. Perhaps he would have been a good deal startled had he known how plainly Pelham Pettigrew read this state of mind on his part Happily ignorant of this fact, he accepted the welcome offer of change of scene and place. How gladly would he escape from meeting a pur of violet eyes that were the last things he cared to look upon, with the knowledge of Guy Tremlett's sins rankling in his mind! He took leave of his jolly host, pledged himself to meet him on the following Friday, and proceed to Hazlecroft, there to "rough it" in most approved fashion. As the eouni of the closing door below told of his young friend's departure Pelham Pettigrew had a mental wrestle with himself again. " A sister—jnst so—quite, quite!" He rubbed his hands, and chuckled over the result Then he rang the ball, ordered the obsequious major- domo to light some dozen or so wax candles in various sconces and massive candelabra in the inner drawingroom, seated himself once inire before the reigning favourite, wiped some imvanary specks of dust from the housewife's dress frith his cambric handkerchief, smiled, and sodded, and hnmmed a tune, ordered the 1'glits to be put out, and went to be 3. Meanwhile William Snow paced the streets, ' that were almost as busy and noisy at this late hour as in the bustling day. In his heart he carried a fresh burden, and that no light one. The man who had taken his heart's darling from him was unworthy of the prize that he had won. This one searing thought seemed burned in upon his brain, and a great pity welled up within his heart. His own disappointed love became a lesser pain than Lilian's possible suffering. " Oh, my God, save her from sorrow!" That was the prayer which rose from the man's heart, as, thinking only of Lilian's happiness, he learned the lesson of putting aside every passionate longing, every tender craving born of love. Yet he was glad to think of getting away from the place that held Lilian; glad to get away from the old familiar rooms and courts and streets for a time. The places that are haunted by the sad eyed ghosts of dead day-dreams are always dreary to us, for when we most try to forget, then most persistent y d;> iliate regretful spirits watch us with their 1 dreamy eyes. Perhaps few of us can say truthfully, " . . . though memory calls Dead dreams from oat their silent grave, Truly is a dead day-dream one of the mtet fmpleas&nt; ghosts that can met us by the flr»>i a gliw^lwirew.tfVbwtf dreams or men, and yet a figure that made William start in surprise greeted his eyes on passing through the archway that leia to Figtreeconrt, " Why, Beams, what on earth brings you out of bed at this time of night?" said his master, as that worthy rose reluctantly from his lair near the entrance to the inner court. Beams took off his hat and scratched his head. "Ifs the toothache, sir, as I've had shockm' bad, last We'n'sday was a week. I can't sleep a mossel for the pun of it." " But to come out of your warm bed is a bad way to make it better. Go home directly! I am astonished your mother" slightly, *' Please, "mother's sir," said a Beams, little grinning overtook ever with so liquor her comfortable this evenin', up and agin father's the fender; bin and and laid groanin' of me was so 'orrid with this here the tooth disturbin' of mine, of her he in said her I'd sleep." best bolt for fear of This story, made up of a patchwork of truth and lies, left little to be said; so with a strict caution to Beams to go straight home, Mr. Snow passed on towards his own door. Surely the members of his household were possessed that night by a wish to follow the example of that unpleasant personage, the Wandering Jew. Fully half an hour after he had come in he heard the passage-door opened by a latchkey, and looking over the stair-rail, saw Jim creeping up to his room, with such a guilty, shrinking look upon his face as might have rested there had his hand been red with the blood of some murdered enemy. " These are late hours to keep, Jim," said his master, as the ungainly figure of the clerk reached th e landing where he stood. " Yes. sir," said Jim, volunteering no explanation of his strange night wandering. He was secure from any fear of his master putting a bad construction on his proceedings by reason of the perfect trust that existed between them—a trust that had its root in the days of old, when master and man were playmates, and the elder boy sung to soothe the sufferings of the little cripple, his comrade. Feeling small inclination to sleep, William drew the shaded rsading-lamp near to his elbow, and set to work to strive to drown unpleasant thought in the pages of a book just then taking the world by stcrm, though it did but tell the varying fortunes of an humble individual, one Amos Barton. Yet not even the charm of the most charming writer that has ever won men's hearts, and led them on to even higher ground in sums and purposes of life, could chase away from his haunted eyes the vision of the dear face he loved—could hide from his mental sight two grave, sweet eyes, raised in loving, trusting homage to an idol that was but of clay. Should he see them one day heavy with weeping, dim with sleepless nights of weary watching? Blame himBelf as he would for this neverresting distrust of Guy Tremlett, this conviction that he was acting a part and that one day the real man would declare himself, William could not overmaster, try as he would. He remembered some one once saying of similar case, "Once a gambler, always a gambler.'*' Yet he had, or thought he had, one tower of strength and hope in remembering that Guy's mother showed such affection to her son s betrothed as told how gladly she welcomed the idea of his marriage. No woman (so William reasoned) could lend a hand to leading a sister woman into all the degradation that is the lot of her who is mated to a man at once intemperate and impure. An almost indissoluble marriage exists between these two evils, as he well knew; and he dared not even picture to himself the thought of Lilian linked to such a one. Could it be possible that she who had been reared like some delicate flower—sheltered from the very breath of evil—guarded, fostered, kejjt apart from aught that could assail the fair beauty of her mind—trained to be the sweet appreciative companion of the man who should one day win her love—could this woman bs reserved for such a fate? this flower destined to be trampled in the mire? Thus he pondered. The light had fallen on a page, unturned for close upon an hour, when the door slowly opened, and Jim, still fully dressed, crept into the room, 