THE PROTECTION OF LABOUR We publish elsewhere a most interesting account of the progress of the great labour movement in America. There the enemy of the artisan, who labours in however humble a calling, is not only the " Bloated capitalist" familiar to the observer of trade troubles in England, but the unjust and hard system of monopolies. The great millionaires who have made their money by stockjobbing and lobby ing hold indeed the purse-strings of the nation. By an ingenious method of protection they have been able to secure the highest profits at the least expense, because workmen, dissatisfied with the treatment accorded them in one branch of labour, have had no resource but to take work in another branch equally ill-paid and alike managed on the most unjust principles. Wealth is a powerful enemy, even whenitstands alone, but when it is supported by monopoly it becomes almost invincible. Individual workmen are powerless in the grasp of the strong monopolists. There has been in reality nothing between want of employment and blind acceptance of the employer's terms. If a man does not like the way in which he is treated by his employer he has no remedy but resignation; and then he has the same experience to undergo in any subsequent en gagement. This condition of things is eminently unsatisfactory, for, rightly con sidered, employment implies a contract. One man wants a certain work to be done ; he cannot do it himself, and so he pays another man to do it for him. Capital is possessed by the employer, and skill by the employed. One tries to get his work done as cheaply as possible, whilst the other as naturally tries to get the highest price possible for his commodity. When the engagement is accepted neither party is under an obligation to the other ; one pays for what the other gives. Then differences may arise. The employer may want to give less for the work done. Two courses are open to him. He may offer to reduce his employes salary, failing which he may terminate the contract. In like manner two courses are open to the employe; he may accept the proffered reduction or he may resign his position. Capital in the past has had the best in these negotia tions, The capitalist, trusting to his resources, and learning that he can get other men to do the work at the lower figure, tells the artisan, in effect, that he can accept the reduced wage or resign ; whilst the artisan, on the other hand, knows that he has only his wage to depend upon, and generally prefers to accept it, even when reduced, rather than go without employment. The capitalist has money and influence to back him up ; the artisan has nothing. He stands alone, and in these days of excessive competition he prefers to stand. alone with some employment. It is just here, that the system of Trades Unions steps in and helps the artisan. Through its agency the opera- tives have ceased to be 'hands,' and have become a power. Formerly driven by the lash of the slave- driver, later coerced by poverty and hunger, operatives were, content individually to do anything which would hold them free from misery and starva- tion. This when they stood as individuals. Now, when they are united in their own defence, things are very different. An employer who tries to dictate to an operative as to how he should work, and for what wage, finds himself confronted by an organization bound to support the interests of the labouring classes. Trades Unionism is communism in little. It indirectly asserts three great principles : that all men are equal ; that all men have a right to an equal share of the external resources of nature ; that all men have equal requirements. All men are equal, because all are alike born with an equal right to life and its blessings. The capitalist and the operative each is endowed with gifts and possessions, varying indeed in quality and quantity, but similar in origin. Trades Unions are the protest of the poor against the tyranny of capital. The opposition which would be absurd and ineffectual as coming from an individual operative becomes serious when it is undertaken by a large and powerful organization of operatives. It took years of struggle before the system was pronounced lawful in Great Britain, ind before 1867 the members of any Trades Union were liable to prosecution for a conspiracy to restrain trade. Since then, however, Trades Unionism has grown and flourished, and it bids fair to be the most successful opponent of the rule of capital until an enlightened and true system of co-operation is introduced. This century could not give a more instructive instance of the power of Trades Unionism than is afforded by a considera- tion of the American " Knights of Labour.' This organization numbers now over a million active members. It has conducted, as the extracts which we publish this morning partly show, a gigantic series of strikes which cannot be paralleled in the history of the civilized world. The common danger 0f strikes— that they hinder the progress of trade and impoverish the strikers— has been mainly avoided in the most important particular. The States have been ground down politically and economically by the selfish policy of monopolists. All purity of motive and all patriotism have been banished from the actions of American public men. These two ingredients have always abounded indeed in their public deliverances, but they have been conspicuously absent from their public acts. The politics of America have been dictated by selfish com- mercial considerations, and nowadays they are professed only by men whom a great country should take pleasure in ostracizing rather than delight in honour ing. Corruption practically reigns supreme, and numbers of the really upright and able man who belong to the States would sooner touch pitch than the helm of government. Now and again great exposures check the evil, but professional politicians are for the more part sustained by American capital, and American capital is a flagrant monopoly— a monopoly of begging by means of lobbying, a monopoly of office, and a monopoly of punishment. Any attempt to break up this monopoly should be welcomed everywhere and it cannot be denied that the most successful opponents of the system are the " Knights of Labour.' The weapon of this organization is passive opposition. It does not indulge in agrarian murders or cowardly attacks on non-unionists. Ti enjoys the benefit of perfect discipline and the use of the great engine of boycotting. This last has been used with great effect, and if it is not lawful it is at least formidable. Nor, indeed, for the matter of that, is it less lawful than the cowardly system of protection by which great firms have kept good operatives to themselves and practically closed the market to men who showed themselves in the least refractory. The new organization taboos violent measures. It is constantly growing, and bids fair before long to become the ruling agent in the Republic. As a system for the protection of labour it has been an undoubted success, and the moderation of its methods is in itself a recommendation. It is time that labour succeeded in holding its own in the affairs of life. This it can not expect to do at once; but some thing may be gained first by combination against monopoly and the undue authority of capital, and then by co-operation. Smallpox on the CinMBOEAio.-rThe Orient liner Chimborazo . which , -arrived yesterday has brought with her a case of smallpox. An Italian came on board at Naples, and on March 31 he was found to be suffering from this disease. He was immediately isolated from the re3t: of thb passengers and tended by a countryman who had happily survived an attack of the same malady. When the vessel reached Cape Borda a telegram was sent to the Health Officer announcing that his servicea would be required. On the receipt; of this message, Dr. Toll, shrewdly guessing that the difficulty concerned a contagious disease, telephoned directions for the preparation of the Quarantine Station ;on Torrens Island. When he boarded, tjh© vessel yesterday he found his; -worst anticipations realized, and gave orders for the immediate dispatch ot vwo patient into quarantine. We haye^to congratulate him upon his presciehc© ia. the matter. If it had not been that he: had his 'wits about him valuableiime- ?would have been lost in the preparation*-. of the Etation ; but, as it is the actual. and possible patients find their tern1 porary home ready for them. Though. we have just now used the expres sion ' possible patients,' we ^ have no reason for believing that the disease' ?will spread. Owing to the prompt measures taken on board ship the patient has been kept apart from his fellowpas sergere, and the possibility of danger has been minimized a3 much as possible. The passengers '^in'of Jcourae regret their com pulsory stay tin Torrens Island — a station ?which'1 'will . hardly compensate by its salubrity., for the unpleasantness and monotony of its surroundings. The regu lations provide that the '.detention shall last until thiee weeks have elap3ed since the convalescence of the last patient, and so the passengers of the Chimborazo have a somewhat lengthened stay to look for ward to. The Italian' patient has been afflicted. only a little more than two weeks, and he has not yet reached the convales cent stage. ; There is every reason to hope that he will dp so shortly, but meanwhile his fellow-passengers for Adelaide must be content to live on Torrens Island. Their only consolation during this enforced absence from; the haunts of men must be the knowledge that their detention is necessary :to the health of the' colonies. . Meanwhile we must again ecmpliinent the Health Officer on the promptitude of his action. So long as fcuch expeditious measures of precaution ?re taken the colonies need not fear the introduction of infectipuB diseases through ' outbreaks of it on board ship. Tkbj Jmpebux Budget.— The Chan cellor of the Exchequer made his financed statement in the House of Commons on Thursday. In April last Mr. Childers estimated the ordinary revenue for the year 1885-6 at £85,20$ 000, and the ex-^ penditure at £88,875,000, exclusive of the credit vote of £11,000,000 for the Egyptian campaign which had previously been voted by the House. When Sir Michael Hicks-Beach, presented his modi fied statement in July he announced that he proposed to extend the suspension of the Sinking Fund and to issue Treasury bills to the value of £4,000,000. The actual receipts, including part oi tho proceeds of the Treasury bills, were £89,500,000, and the expenditure was £92,230,000. The revenue for the current year is estimated at £90,500, 000, and the expenditure at £89,875,000. It is not pro posed to meet the deficiency by additional . taxation, but by taking £800,000 from the Sinking Fund. This is no doubt an easy ' way of getting over the difficulty, but it is very questionable whether it can be called good financing. It is in fact rather a Blavish copying of the policy generally adopted by the Conservatives when a deficiency has to be made up. Probably the Chancellor of the Exchequer feels that the Government have sufficient odds to fight against on the Irish question, and that it ia therefore unwise to' intro duce debateable financial questions at the present juncture. From Sir W. Vernon Harcourt, indeed, a sensational Budget was not expected, and it may ba taken for granted that his chief was too much .en gaged with, other business to render him much assistance. He ' has therefore'' adhered to the safe and well-beaten track of officialism, merely presenting the figures prepared for him, and has refrained from troubling the House with any fiscal pro posals involving principles upon which a difference of opinion may arise. It is so easy to get over a deficit .by borrowing that we suspect the suggestion to dip still further into the Sinking Fund will not be seriously opposed. Indeed we are informed that tne Budget gives general satisfaction. It, however, undoeB what has been done by former Liberal Governments, and is laying up a store of extra taxation for the future. As nothing is said on the subject it may be inferred that the Chancellor of the Exchequer does not intend to deal with the wine duties. If this is so he will no doubt be interviewed by the Agents General for the Australian Colonies, who are most directly interested in this matter. The Y.M.O.A. Secbetaby.— There is something unique in the methods that are being adopted in the case of Mr. Alex ander Walker, Secretary to the Young Men's Christian Association. A few days ago the report gained currency that Mr. Walker had made away with the funds of the Association to the extent of £1,300. No official confirmation or official denial of this report was vouchsafed, but it was announced that the accounts were being examined to ascertain the real state of affairs. This exami nation, it is understood, is complete, but still the Board of Management of the Association have volunteered no statement as to the result. Instead of doing so. they appear to have fallen in with the idea of leaving it to a general meeting of members to recommend what course : should be pursued. The meeting actually took place last night, and a report of the proceedings will be found else where. The Board had sufficient self respect not to formally recognise , the gathering, and the latter found itself in the anomalous position of having no definite information before it on which to act. In this emergency Mr. Smeaton, the Acting Secretory, came to the rescue, and supplied facts enough to form a basis for discussion. It is, we learn, only too true that defalcations, for which Mr. Walker is responsible, have tat en place to the amount of £1,300, but under what circumstances the money has been abstracted, and what are the extenuating circumstances, if any, connected with the matter has not been disclosed. It is fair to the meeting as a whole to say that it evidently felt itself hampered in considering the subject by the paucity of details ', but some of the speakers rose superior to considera tions of this sort. -: With a fervour worthy of a better cause '.-,.-, they pleaded that the Secretary's offence should be overlooked, ^ey enlarged upon his estimable qualities, upon' the good he had wrought, and. urged that, in the debtor and creditor amount of .his virtues and his crime the balance, was in favour of the fprmerr ;JRemarks such as these imposed ? upon.; other persons prevent the -unpleasant and invidious task of . protesting, '.against a condonation of the offence, and in the end it was decided, in opposition to a pro posal to excuse Mr.v Walker's . conduct, that the matter aHpuld be 'left to the Board of Management. , It ? seems to us that t&js; iBathe ^^' right 'deciaion. The responsibility of determining what should be done rests ,with the accredited representatives of the Association and not with;, a general meeting of the members .called together hastily, and .'not seized of .the real .faSts ;of : the'jCaae. The tenor of several of the addresses made last night grqved . &e;utter incapacity' of the meeting to deal judicially^ ami fairly with the subject. Itis not; forjosio dic tate to the ;Board, more i, especially 83 we are very much,' in.; the; -dark :a3; to the minutire of : the r- case, .but it is to be hoped it ' WiU ; have the Btrength. of mind* to reject ,,anch sentimental grounds for leniency as were urged last night. If Mr., Walker is as guilty as has been represented it will be a wrong to society and a terrible blunder in the interests of the Association to cendone his crime. Meanwhile it is important that no further secrecy should be observed in .the matter. If there are palliating circumstances it is unjust to Mr. Walker that they should be withheld ; if there are none the law should be allowed to take its course without delay. It is absurd and improper in the face of it that the question of whether a defaulter should i be prosecuted should be left for determination to a meeting like that which took place last night. Me. B. T. Booth.— Amongst the arrivals in the colony yesterday was Mr. R. T. Booth, the temperance advocate. He could hardly hava, chosen a better time for coming here, if the financial con ditions of a country have -any bearing upon the consumption of luxuries.- South Australians are too much: in, need of water jtut now ; to 'jhayej any .very geceralharrkermg aftersnjrita, and weare, -.??,- = ??-? -^vaidlaH ?«.:?., for the most part, inclined to observe a prudent moderation in our consumption of alcohol. It will, we fancy, require comparatively little persuasion just now to make many of our people total abstainers, for they are bent upon reducing their expenditure to the lowest possible standard. Publicans feel the results of the depression just as much as ordinary people do, and there is a chance that the persuasions of an eloauent temperance orator — for such Mr. Boo'h is represented as being — will suffice to transform temperance into total abstinence. We observe, however, that conversion to teetotal principles ia gene rally transitory in its effects. Pledges exacted from impressionable people by force of eloquence are liable to be broken when- the * pressure of the special influence is withdrawn. Special crusades are open to the general objection that by extraordinary methods they gain con verts who are . pretty sure for the more part to relapse when the special excite ment has worn away. A great deal, however, depends on the special methods adopted. Converts are generally made in direct proportion to the ability and seductiveness of the orator. When the glamour of his eloquence has worn away, the patient experiences a relap3e, and the last state of that man is wowe than the first. These remarks, how ever, are general, and may be, as we hope they are. altogether inapplicable to Mr. Booth's mission and the probable results. In his remarks to our reporter will be found a variety of information interesting from various points of view. We must [confess, however, that we are not impressed with the modesty of the man who implies that it is only the non- intellectual people who refuse to follow him, and who boasts of the thousands of persons 'who have been over-persuaded by him. How ever, we do not wish to judge him before he has spoken, and shall be only too glad if the outcome of his labours is the recla mation of drunkards and the convincing of moderate drinkers of the necessity for still further economizing In the mitter of drink. . ; ' ,' Ligubia's Passekgebs.— The following are the passengers booked for London per s.s. Liguria, leaving on Monday': — Saloon — Messrs. S. P. Evans, A. E. Shepherd, J, Heddle, W. L. Camming, S. Boyee Creak, andW. C. Bruce, and Captain Witt; and thirty third-class and steerage. - ' The Savetgs Bank Rxrs Stopped.— The run at the Savings/Bank has stopped; On Friday morning the Bank presented; its usual appearance, and the ordinary business was transacted.- Depositors - ivho - have withdrawn their money ire returning it, and on Friday the amount repaid' included several large rams. The , Trustees- heloP a meeting on Friday and approved of ?' the action taken by the Accountant daring the 1 ran. :-* ?? ?'?? ?' -:l- ' ? ? '? ?- ;:'. ' ' '- '?'- | Thb Commercial Bank.— Tne liquidators ' of the Commercial Bank, with the Hon. J. C. Bray/ met again on Friday morning, but ' they say they have- nothing to report. Mr. Rr ' S. Youngs ; formerly Inspector and latterly Acting Manager of the Bank, is acting as Secretary to the liqui dators. On Thursday, April 15, eight of the officers at present ''engaged '.in the head office received notice that' their- - vices will not be required after a month from that date. The liquidators have done, this on the ground of economy. This, we under stand, reduces the whole staff,- including country branches, to seventeen. All1 the country offices, with the exception of one or two of the most important, will-be closed at once, the business being transferred to- the head office. ..'??:. Tixegbaphic Notices. — Advices from Berne notify that the cable between Para and Maranhan is restored. Information from Aden states that the messages for the next Mauritius mail should reach, there before noon on Sunday, April IS. ' | Quick Telegbaphy. —Mr; E. Squire, Deputy-Superintendent of Telegraphs, in forms us that an instance of quick telegraphy occurred on Friday. He dispatbhed a message to London at 11.21 a. m., and re ceived a reply at 3.34 p.m. Smallpox on- the .RM.S. Chimborazo.— When the steamship Chimborazo reached the anchorage at the Semaphore' on Friday, it was reported to the Health Officer that a case of smallpox had broken out on board on March 31. The patient, who proved to be an Italian, name unknown, was at once isolated in one of the waste boats with an attendant, and on arrival at the Semaphore he was removed in the same boat to the Quaran tine Station at Torrens Island. The Adelaide passengers were also- taken there m two ship's boats, with their belongings. Dr. Toll, the Health Officer, as soon as he received the warning telegram from Cape Borda, promptly had preparations made for the reception of the people at the Island. The Health Officer's boat did not return to the Port till 11 p.m. The Cttt Land and Investment Com pany,— The Directora of this Company met on Friday morning; They have completed their report and balance-sheet,' which will be ready for presentation to the shareholders in a day or two. The Chairman (Mr. Eyerard) is not in a position to furnish us With any information respecting them, or what recommendation the Directors intend to make. . The meeting of shareholders will be held during the first week in May* At a private meeting of large shareholders and creditors held on Friday, April 16, under the presidency of Sir Henry Ayers, it was unanimously decided that the Directors be recommended not to -resort to liquidation, but to carry on daring the next twelve months as they; are at present doing. The jgentlemen ; present represented - £137,000 of secured liabilities out of a total of £180,000, £23,000 out of a total of- £32,431: unsecured liabilities, and 11,000 shares out of a total of 25,000 in the Company.'. : ; j Excavations at Jubilee Exhibition SriE.--trp till ? Friday ; noon— the ; time pre 'scribed' for closings-only three sealed tenders 'were sent in for excavating a quantity of 'earth from the site of the machinery hall. Messrs. Candler & McNamee are the lowest jtenderersj and negotiations are proceeding with them and the Architect- in-Chief 's Office jas to the., price.- It is believed that the .department in question will agree to a sum 'that will be approved by the Building Coaa jmittee. . . . | TheDefiotency. in the Y.M.C.A. Funds. J— About 200 memoers of the Y.M.C.A met at the . institution in Gawler-place on . Friday evening, Aprill6rto consider the defalcations by Mr. A. Walker, the Secretary, of abo'nt ! £1,300 from the iunds. Mr. M.:Goode was elected Chairman, and it was explained that j the meeting had been convened by several 1 independent members, apart from the Board j of Management. : The ..following resolution ?wascarriedunanimously :— 'It is with pain : and sorrow of heart that we have heard that JMr.. Walker has been guilty of misapprc-; . | prating the funds of. the Association, and as | members we wish ; hereby to express pur | sense of the gravity of the sin that he | has committed.' After a long discussion i proposals that the Board should be asked to i show mercy in dealing with the offence; and ! to bring the subject fully before the members ! were thrown out. A motion by Dr. Magarey, ^?That the matter be left entirely in the ^handB of the Board of Management,' was 1 carried almost unanimously. ? Mb. Feeguson.— Captain Ferguson, of the Marine Board, ha3 received intelligence that his son, who wa3 formerly in the Customs ; Bervice at Port Adelaide, has had an attack of paralysis, rendering him speechless and depriving him of the use of one side of the 1 body. A little while before Mr. Ferguson ; was but sailing at Sydney (where he is con fined in the hospital) with Mr. Howard, Bon of Commander Howard, and they got capsized, and were kept ia the water for some time. Mr. Ferguson, who had been up in the Territory in the steamer Palmerston, ia only 27 years of age. The Bank of Adelaide.— The half-yearly 1 report of the Directors of this Bank to March ? 29, 18S6, will be found in oar advertising columns. The balance to the credit of profit and loss is £25,945 16a. 8d., which is to be \ appropriated as follows :— To Eeaerve Fond, 55,000; dividend at the rate of 8 per cent ler annum, £16,000 ; total, £21,000, leaving a lalance of £4,945 16a. 8i The interim lividend paid in November last was at the ate of 10 per cant. Since the lasi report even new branches have been opened. The leposits amount to £585,110, the notes in irculation £49,815, and the bills in circula ion £52,990 ; the specie, bullion, and ca3h lalances to £148,156 ; the balances due from ther Banks to £100,259, and the bills receiv ble and all other advances, £927,127. The -rofit and loss account for the year shows a let profit of £11,500. The Reserve Fund mounts to £165,000. The annual meeting ?ill be held May 5. Sib T. E. May.— Oar telegrams of this norning announce the resignation by Sir Chomas Erskine May of the office of Clerk of he House of Commons, which he has occupied ince 1871. Sir Thomas, who is now 71 years ild, 13 known as the author of most valuable vorka on constitutional history and the -ractice of Parliaments. He has been a rablic servant for over half a century, laving been appointed Assistant Librarian if the House of Commons in 1831. Hia irst great work, entitled 'A Treatise on he Law, Privileges, Proceedings, and Usage if Parliament,' has passed through several iditions, and is regarded as a standard book m the subject. In constitutional history he tas been likewise successful, and it may be afely said that he has left a name which will »e remembered for many generations. The dgh honour of being made the recipient of he formal thanks of the House which he has 0 long served is only a just recompense for us valuable services. It is to be hoped that !ir Thomas May will live long to reap the eward which must accompany the final wiiod of a useful and honourable career. Collision in the Port Hivee.— The teamship Gambier in steaming out of the Port Eiver on Friday afternoon collided vith the Marine Board barge Venus opposite $0.1 Beacon. The barge sank almost mmediately, but the hands aboard escaped ininjured. It appears that the barge, which vas built some years ago for the cable-laying ietween ' Yankalilla and Normanville, was imployed in connection with overhauling and iaihting the buoys. It was in charge of Mr. Fohnston, and is reported to have left ample room for the steamer to have passed her in jhefairway. The exact cause of the collision loes not seem known, but the vessel sheered into the barge. The sunken craft, which is . ibont 50 feet long and constructed of iron ribs ind strong planks, originally cost £150. It rests in the fairway of the river, having been dragged by the steamer some little listance before she went down, and must be raised.: No special difficulty is expected in this. Chains will be passed underneath, and barges brought alongside to lift her. 1 B,V.F. Encampment Fallen Through. i-Much to the regret of many members of the E.V.F.,, the scheme for the Easter En sampment has fallen through, the committee aot having received a sufficient number of names: to ensure the success of the affair. A muster of 200 was required, and only ibont 170 sent in their names. The failure of the movement is attributed to the feeling of iiscouragement engendered by the 'sweep- ing condensation of the force,' the idea of the encampment has therefore been abandoned. Inis is to be regretted, a3 the experiences of the route marching on two previous occa sions, and the fixed encampment of last year, were beneficial in various ways. The Late Fire at the Forest Ranges.— 0a Monday, April 19, at the Adelaide Local Ckrart, Mr. J. M. Stuart, S.M., will be en gaged in hearing a preliminary or test iction for £400 damages brought by Mr. William Bungay againBt. Mr. Clement Sabine in reference to the destructive bush fire at the Forest Ranges which was itarted on March 2 in a woolshed block tenanted by the defendant. The plain iffs claim is chiefly in respect to the lestruction of an orchard. Mr. C. Sabine is mown as the agent of Mr. Price Maurice, [f settled in favour of the plaintiff the claim trill be followed by several others. Messrs. Brundy & Pelly are retained for the plaintiff. ' Bankside Vineyaed.— The vintage at Bankside was brought to a close on the 14th instant— fully a month earlier than has been the case in many seasons. The weather has been: all that could be desired, no rain having fallen [during, the vintage. The crop was evenly and.' well ripened and the weather throughout very favourable for the fermenta tion, being neither too hot nor too cold. The yield has been very nearly equal to last year in the Shiraz, but the Muscat grapes fell con aiderably short, owing to bad setting, and were further reduced by the sparrows, which have been very destructive this year to this grape. The seedless grapes— Sultana and Cape Zante currant— produced excellent crops, and no trouble or loss occurred ia the drying, and abont 15 tons of raisins and currants will be boxed this season, the whole pf which are already sold. The quantity of wine made at Bankside will be about 43.000 galls., and the make at other places owned by Mr. Hardy will total up to nearly 103,000 galls. On Thursday, the 15th instant, the children (between 50 and 60 in number) who have been engaged in grape-picking were taken to the Grange, and spent a very plea Bant day there. Tne wages earned by many bf them have proved a very acceptable help to many of the poorer families in the villages near Bankside. Post-Office at Tabmanna.— Mr. Moule, M.P., has received the following letter from the Secretary to the Minister of Education :— 'Referring to the petition presented by you from the residents of Tabmanna, asking for the opening of a Post-Office, I am directed by the Hon. the Minister to inform you that ' one of the memorialists has been written to to ascertain if the services of a reliable person can be secured as Postmaster on the usual terms.' Tabmanna is on the road to Cleve from Franklin Harbour, and about 15 miles from. Cleve. EAsteen Suburban Company, R.V.F. — After the usual drill on Thursday evening the prizes won at the late contest were dis tributed. Lieutenant Giles (in the absence of Captain Basse*, who is Buffering from the effects of an accident) occupied the chair, and in a few well-chosen remarks handed the various winners their trophies. Three hearty cheers were given for the donors who had generously given the trophies and money. Probates and Letters of Administra tion.— Probates and lettera of administra tion were granted as follows during the week ended April 17 :— Probates— W. J. Wansborough, of Ardrossan, £1,630 ; J. Eain, oLKaiaton, £950; S. Chrystal, of Goolwa, £1,000; W. Trembath, of Moonta Mines, £113; A.. Brown, of Rocky River, Crystal Brook, £1,300; Thomas Skene, of Krongaat, near Penola, £14,100 : W. J. Naumann, of Rundle street, Adelaide, £3,400. Letters of Adminis tration— J. Baldock, of Noarlunga, £100 1 T. Willoughby, of Inglewood (administration cum te&t; ), £111 ; T. Wood, of Petersburg, £74 ; Bridget M. Moroney, of Canowie, £100. The Adelaide Hospital.— We have re ceived a copy of the sixteenth annual repoit of the Board of Management of this institu tion, with a list of subscriptions, donations, &c.;, for 1885. Vehicle Accident in Kent Town.— A serious accident befell Mr. R. Garlick Hoi well, the architect, and Mr. Alfred Farr, timber merchant, a few days ago. It appears that the two gentlemen were in a buggy in Capper-street, Kent Town, the former driving, when the horse shied at something and started forward. Both Mr. Holwell and Mr. Farr were thrown violently on to the road. Mr. Holwell was picked up insensible, having sustained serious injuries to the head, with an impacted fracture of the arm near the shoulder. Mr. Farr's injuries were of a less serious description. Dr. Thompson has been unremitting in his attention to Mr. Holwell, and under his care the patient is progressing in a marked manner towards re covery. It is a singular fact that a brother of Mr. Farr suffered from a similar accident two or three days later. A Clevee Swindle in Ai-ELAir-E.--De- tective Hamptrra left on ' Thursday for Sydney to bring back two young men named H. R. Cameron and F. Wiseman, who have been arrested there on a charge of forgery. The swindle was a clever and daring one, and was committed in Adelaide. It appears that a Mr. E. A. MacPherson, of Sydney, arrivedtrom Melbourne on March 12 by the steamer Adelaide, and took up his lodgings at the York flotcL' Cameron and Wiseman, who were stylishly dressed, wereiellowpas Bengers, and on the trip from Victoria seemed to have formed an acquaintanceship with Mr. MacPherson. They also accompanied him to the York, where the three appeared to be on the moat intimate terms. It should b3 Btated that Mr. MacPherson was suffering from an injury to his right handj which pre vented him from writing, and he delegated his correspondence to his disguised friends. He so believed in their sincerity that he con fided to them much of his private affairs, and they did not fail to make the most of what they learnt. On March 31 Mr. MacPherson returned by the Iberia to Mb wife, whom he had left in Sydney. The Bame day of his departure the following telegram was sent by Cameron and Wiseman to Mrs. MacPherson, Sydney : —'Send £100 as requested. Baby's full name, SeptimuB DarriL Mind, don't delay.' The mention of the baby's name must Inve had reference to some previous correspon dence which had taken place between Mr. MacPherson and his wife. The telegram had its effect, for the money came, and was paid at the Money-Order Office to one of the men, who represented himself to be Mr. MacPher son. Not contented with this, they on April 3 forwarded another telegram, which was as follows :—' £100 received; send £60 more. Expenses heavier than expected.' Mrs. MacPherson also complied with thiB request. The young men paid Mr. Ford what they were indebted to him, mentioning that they had just received £100, and on April 5 left for Melbourne under the assumed names of Wisdom and Danvers. On Mr. MacPherson arriving at Sydney he discovered how he had been robbed, and at once placed the matter in the hands of the Sydney police. On April 8 a telegram was received by the Adelaide police from the Inspector-General of Police at Sydney, telling them of the fact of the forged telegrams, and suspecting Cameron and Wiseman. The prisoners were traced to Melbourne, and thence on to Sydney, where they were arreBted. They will be brought up for trial in Adelaide. They are believed to be residents of Sydney, and it is supposed that they followed Mr. MacPherson from there. . ...... Free Distribution of Boots,— Ia re ponse to . the charitable' offer of Messrs. Stevenson Brothers, 'of iRundle-street, to dis tribute 100 pairs of boots amongst the deserv ing poor of j Adelaide on application, a large number of unemployed of both Eexes went to the shop on Friday. Order, cards had been entrusted to the following gentlemen for distribution :— Rev, M.'.Ferniei5; Dean Russell, 10; Miaa Green {oi ihe :City Mission), 10 ; Rev. Mr. Rorke,, 8 ; . Rev.' . J. B.~ Stephenson, 8 ; Rev. A. Turnbulli 10 ; Archdeacon Russell, 10 ; Rev. H. X' Lambert, 8; Rev. S. Knight, 10; and Rev. W, E. Rice, 5. r The balance of the 100 Messrs. Stevenson Brothers reserved for casual applicants. As early as 8 o'clock applicants : came in, some of them aged men and women, and they each being fitted with a good substantial pair of new boots, the recipients left with fervent protestations of graitude. Numerous letters from ministers and others recommending indigent people without the order were received, and over a thousand boots could have been given away if all who asked for the boon had been served. There wereBome few instances of palpable attempt at imposition, and these mean spirited individuals were dismissed with a kindly caution. In more than one case of application without credentials |where the object was deserving of compassion the petitioner was not sent empty away. By 11 o'clock over fifty orders for boots had been received and honoured. The Boys' Brigade.— As we have already announced, a movement has been set oa foot for commencing in Adelaide an institution to be called the Boys' Brigade, having for its object the benefit of the newspaper boys and others of a similar class by providing rooms where social amusements, healthy reoreation, and secular and undenominational religious instruction may be provided. A committee has been formed, with power to add to its number, to carry out these objects. Suitable premises have been secured near the back of the Government Offices, Victoria-square east, and the first year's expenditure, includ ing rent, furniture, books, papers, &c;, to form the nucleus of a library, are estimated at £100, which will be sufficient to place the undertaking on a satisfactory financial basis. The committee are now appealing to all who think with them that kindness and sympathy should be extended to the boys who ply their calling in the streets of the city to help in this matter by every means in their power. It is proposed to inaugurate the work by in viting the boys to an evening dinner, when the plans will be explained to them and their names and addresses enrolled. It is intended to form a drum-and-fife band, and to establish a Savings Bsnk on the model of the English Penny Savings Banks, a3 well as Sunday and other classes, Subscriptions will be received at the offices of the daily papers and of the Lantern. Silver Smelting at Port Adelaide.— Mr. Ireland, Manager of the E. and A. Copper Compary, has recently viBited Silver ton with the object of seeing how far it was advisable to recommend silver smelting at Port Adelaide. From what he saw and learned, Mr. Ireland has been favourably im pressed with the idea of establishing smelting operations at the Port, on account of its natural advantages. Of course it could not be done till the railway is completed, nor without an expenditure of money on the part of the Directors. There is no thought of altering the copper furnaces, because it is hoped that the day is not very far distant when they will be put into use again. New furnaces must be built, but the stack would be utilized, There are several processes of silver smelting, but if it were carried on at Port Adelaide it would be by another than that adopted at Silverton, where the ' water jacket' procesa has not pioved a great success. At Silverton there is a smelter at the Pinnacles, two smelters at the Broken Hills (in course of erection), and two at the Day Dream. Pedigree Wheat.— Mr. W. Steinwedel, Dalkey, adopting a suggestion in an article written by our Agricultural Editor in 1881, commenced to search amongst his ripening : wheat crop for the earliest and finest heads. These heads were rubbed out and the best seeds selected and sown in a plot of ground by themselves. From the results at harvest time the earliest and best heads were again selected, and the practice has been perse vered in until this last season. Mr. Stein wedel possesses a nice little lot of grain which, he says, ripens eight or nine days before the African wheat (hitherto the earliest of all). The heads are large, though rather loose ; the grain is of good quality, not flinty, but still not soft. Small lots have been pre sented to various farmers who are con sidered to be [likely to help in the desirable work of securing an early ripening; wheat, which will to a great extent avoid the risks attendant upon the attacks of red rust, always more virulent amongst the late crops than in those that are early. A parcel of this wheat has been left with Professor Custance, and a few packages left with Messrs. E. & W. Hackett have already been distributed. Mr. Steinwedel is deserving of commendation for his endeavour to improve our chief cereal crop in the direction indicated. Port Adelaide Caledonian Society— The usual quarterly social in connection with this Society was held in the Oddiellowa' Hall, Port Adelaide, on Friday evening. There was a large attendance, and a most enjoyable evening was spent in dancing. Mr. J, R. McColl, Chieftain, acted as M.C. Staff Office Orders.— The following general orders were issued on Thursday, April 15:— 1. The Brigadier-General Com mandant regrets to hare to inform the V.M. Force that Captain Powell, late Riding-Master on the Staff, V.M.F., has besn compelled by ill-health to resign his appointment. The Briga dier-General Commandant is certain that the whole of the V.M.F, will join in his regret at losing the service to the force of so fine an old soldier, who was so valuable as an instructor to the mounted branch. His Excellency the Governor haa been pleased to confer on Captain Powell the honorary rank of Major in the Reserve, V.M.F. It ia noti fied that Corporal Richardson and Private Heylan, of A Company Adelaide Rifles, V.M.F. '.have: bean summarily punished ar under by order of the Brigadier- General Commandant for disobedience of orders issued with regard to the firing at the Port Adelaide Range .-—Corporal Richardson re duced to private and fined 10 j. ; Privato J. Heylan fined 10a. 2. The Brigadier General Commandant has inflicted but a light punishment in this case, it being the first of the sort brought to his knowledge. Any similar offence for the future will be punished by dismissal and fine. He wishes however, to impress upon the force by these orders the seriousness of the offence in ques tion, not only as an act of disobedience of orders, but as the breaking through of rules laid down for the safety of the public and of that of members of the force. It is absolutely necessary to exercise the greatest precaution in rifle-shooting to prevent all chance of danger to life. Australian Widows' Fund New Build ing.— We learn from Mr. T. Day, the Resi dent Secretary, that the plans of the new building which the Australian Widows' Fund Life Assurance Society intend to erect Jin Grenfell - street have been prepared, and tenders for the building will be called almost immediately. The building will be a hand some one, three stories hi»h. The architect is Mr. W. Selway, of Melbourne, and Mr. E. Daviea will superintend the work. The Society at present occupy temporary offices in Mutual Chambers, whither (as announced by advertisement) thay have bsen compelled to remove on account of the landlord re quiring the room they previously leased. Another Insurance Company, the Mutual Life Association of Australasia, intend erect ing offices on the adjoining site eastward, The planB will not be complete for a few weeks. Besides the offices for the Associa tion the premises will include accommoda tion for Messrs. Elder, Smith, & Co., who will thus have their offices on the same spot as they were previous to the demolition of the old buildings. Wharf and Land Company, Port Ade laide South. — A well-attended meeting of shareholders in this Company was held at the Company's offices on Friday, the Hon. D. Murray in the chair. The balance-sheet was adopted. It Bhowed that the cost price of the property had been £22,380, that £21,332 had been obtained from the shareholders, and that £10,000 was due to the Queensland Mortgage Company. The balance of liabili ties over assets, including the capital as a liability, is stated at £7,880. It was decided that a visit should be made to the Company's property on the following day. After con siderable discussion as to the best means of getting some returns from the property the meeting broke up with a vote of thanks to the Chairman. Port Augusta Town, Hall.— Some months ago the ratepayers of the Municipality of Port AugUBta authorized the Town Council to expend £6,000 in providing a Town Hall and Corporation Offices. In accordance with this competitive designs were called last October. Eighteen archi tects sent in their plans, and that of Mr. Hill waB chosen. Afterwards, however, the design of the second - prizetakers (Messrs. ;Blaok & Hughes) was taken, and the building is to ba erected according to their plans. It will be situated in a very central part of the town, between the Institute and Road Board OfficeB in Commercial - road. The building will be a large one, having a front age of 73 feet by a depth of 113J. The basement order, which will be of Mallee Hill freestone, will be built in rustications, surmounted by a first floor of the Ionic order. The front windows in the lower floor will be . circular - headed, and those on the first floor finished with segmented and straight pedi ments. The central tower will be 87 feet high to the top of the flagstaff. At each side of the front will be pedi ments with ornamental tympanums. The building will include large premises for the Bank of Australasia, which will consist of a large banking-room 27 x 18 feet, rooms for the Manager and Accountant, and a large strong room. The banking premises will be entered by a separate door in the front, and the other main entrance will lead to a handsome vesti bule with a large lobby 83 x 13 feet. From this lobby will be the entrance to the Town Hall, 75 x 45 feet and 35 feet high. The floor of the hall will be level. Provision has been made in case of fire, there being no less than six large escape-doors opening outwards. A large door, 11 x 6, will be pro vided for convenience in bringing in stage accessories. Ample stage accommodation is provided, the stage being 22 feet deep, giving.a clear opening at the proscenium 35 feet by 25 feet high. Four trapdoors are pro vided for scenic purposes. On the left-hand Bide of the stage is a greenroom, ? Z retiring- room, and a room for the care taker, which is entered by a separate stair case. The gallery is a novelty in shape, having a front with a reversed curve. It is carried on truss girders, and fronted with cast-iron ornamental filling. JThe. Corporation deBire to have, besides accommodation for themselves, offices from which they might raise revenue. Accordingly 'the architects have provided on each floor four good-Bized offices on the left-hand side of the building. The Corporation offices are on the first floor in front of the building. The Council Chamber is a large room 32£ x 27 feet, with a special strongroom for Corporation purposes opening off it; ako two other offices, which will probably be used by the Council, from one of which is a staircase leading to the clock-room in the tower. Under the hall there is a spacious basement, which the Corporation intend to use for banquets, &c.; The hall will be lighted by a skylight 24 x 14 feet, and three windows at the side. The interior of the hall iB finished with two rows of super imposed columns, the lower being Tuscan and the upper of the Corinthian order. The ceiling will be cored and panelled. Sanitary arrangements have been carefully attended to. Owing to the treacherous nature of the Port Augusta soil the architects have adopted strong timbers under the foundations of all the important walls. The tower, which will be surmounted by a cu pola resting on Corinthian orders in much the same style as the General Post-Office ; Tower. The contract has been let to MeBsra, 'G. Sara & Co., of Port Augusta, at a contract price of a little under £5,000. The building i will be completed in about seven or eight months, and will be a great improvement to the appearance of Port Augusta, Melbourne Telephone Company.— The Melbourne Telegraph says :— ' The negotia tions between the Postmaster-General and the Melbourne Telephone Exchange Com pany remain in statu quo. Last week Mr. Derham communicated with the Company, : asking them to state definitely their terms to hand over to the Government the telephones, and the right the Company presume to have over the lines. As we stated several times before, the lines now used by the Company were laid by the Government, and are the property of the Government, but were let to the Company at the rate of £3 per mile per year,- for a period of ten years, beginning in 1880\. This transaction was entirely illegal, as pointed out by Mr. A. J. Agg, Audit Com missioner, in his report on the subject in 1883\. There ia no power under the Post Office Act given to the Postmaster-General to let telegraph wires or telephone wires to persona to charge for them, and no agreement was ever entered into be tween the department and the Com pany. At any rate the Company claim a light by virtue of correspondence which passed through the department, and which appeared in the Daily Telegraph a short time ago. The offer of the Company, as. stated in a letter from Mr. Byron Moore, the Managing Director, was to part with their right for a sum of money equal to 9 per cent, profit capitalized, and a Becond letter in reply to Mr. Derham's communication has now come to band, in which the Company explain their offer by the following illustration.:—' Sup posmgtheTelephoneExchangeCompanymake a net profit of £900 per annum, we ask £10,000 for the concern.' Mr. Derham is not at all satisfied with this reply, which shows that the Company is claiming compensation not for the four and a half years, the ^unexpired portion of period of lease, out for the whole period, without specifying anything as to the Talne- :i&\-- their -plant,1 &c; Is is1 generally believed tbtt.the'bet profits of the Telephone Ompany represent something like £8,000 per wmum, so that, following ont-the- ternw of the offer, the Government wbnld have to pay the Company about £90,000.' . Encouragement of Swimming.— Mr. C. Bastard, the lessee of the City Baths, ha3 sent the following letter to the Minister of Education:— 'Sir— Ab you are doubtle33 iware I have for Eome time past had the iirection of swimming classes in connection ppith the public schools. It ha3 been suggested to me that the advantages enjoyed by the 3tate school children in acquiring the art of natation at small cost might be indefinitely 2Xtended if the price of the tickets werere iuced from 4d. to 2d. ; but as the lowering of the charges, though it would also result in increased attendance, would entail some loss, I have been advised to apply to ^certain whether the Government would be williag to indemnify me against that loss. I may mention that 200 of the boys attending the four Model Schools purchased 2,675 ticketB for the season from October 1 to March 31\. Of this number 100 can swim, and ihe remainder have mastered the rudi ments of the art. Both the masters and parents concur in the belief that were the ;ost of the tickets reduced the attendance would be increased ; therefore I would respectfully Bugge3t that I should re ;eive the appointment of Govern ment Swimming Master, with a yearly subsidy. Trusting that you will accord i favourable reception to this proposal.' To this application the Minister of Educa tion replied :—' Sir— I am pleased to hear that bo much success has attended your public school swimming classes. I consider your wish is a matter of importance not only to the individual but to the community, because every non-swimmer is a 3ource of possible danger to others. I there fore comply with your request, and will place a small sum for consideration on the Estimates for the purposs of indemnifying you against any loss in lessening by one-half the price of tickets.' The Taiaroa Disaster. — The steamer Xaiaroa, which was abandoned on the New Zealand coast, with the loss of thirty-four lives, was (says the Argus) one of the smallest of the Union Company's fleet, her gross register tonnage being 487 tons, and her indicated horsepower 500. She was not originally built for the Union Company, but was brought out from Great Britain by a Dunedin firm to carry grain from Timaru to Port Chalmers. On her outward voyage to New Zealand her master died, and the first officer taking the wrong course through Foveaux Straits, ran her on to a reef near Dog bland. She was Bafely floated off and repaired, and was shortly afterwards pur chased by the Union Company. Although not fitted up bo well for passenger traffic as the other steamers of the fleet, she was a very comfortable boat, and a favourite with the travelling public. She was used by the Company as a Bpecial B^rvice coaster between Dunedin and Nelson, calling also at Timaru, Akaroa, Lyttelton, and Wellington. Accord ing to the passenger-lists published in the latest New Zealand papers which have been received, the Taiaroa had of late rarely carried more than a dozen passengers on a trip, and on some had not more than half that num ber ; but the disaster appears to have oc curred at a time when, owing to various cir cumBtances, she had an unusually large passenger-list, This is accounted for mainly by the fact that there were many persons among the passengers who were returning from a race meeting. The Clarence River, at the mouth of which the wreck ia stated to have taken place, is the boundary between the provincial districts of Marlborough and Canterbury. It is not regarded as a dangerous locality, and no wreck of any importance has ever occurred in the neighbourhood. There would be good shelter along that part of the coast from both the prevailing bad winds— the northerly and southerly gales, which are almost always blowing in turns through Cook's Strait. The master of the Taiaroa at the time of the wreck was Captain John Thomson, who has been in the employ of the Union Company for several years. He was formerly employed by Messrs. McMeckan, Blackwood,& Co., but when their boats were purchased by the Union Company hia services were transferred to the latter. Pbayee foe Rain.— The following letter from Bishop Barry appeared in a recent ifiBue of the Sydney Morning Herald: — 'In reliance upon your uaual kindnes3, I ask your permission to reply to a question whioh haB been urged upon me publicly through your columns and in several private com munications—the question of the desirability or the duty of uniting with the representa tives of other Christian Churches ia a request to the proper authorities to set apart a day for Bpecial public prayer in relation to the terrible distress and suffering which- have already come, and are coming, I fear, in still heavier pressure on the whole community from the effects of this long-continued drought. I cannot think that this step is either necessary or desirable, The cessation of work would in these hard times inflict new hardships on the poor and industrious ; by the idle and thoughtless the day would simply be misused as a mere holi day of amusement; to some, at least, it would give occasion to discontent, and perhaps to scoffing at the whole idea of the efficacy of such prayer. But why need we, who believe in the universal scope of prayer, under the right conditions, for temporal as well as spiritual blessings, wait for any publio appointment? I venture to repeat what I said in St. Andrew's Cathedral on the first opportunity after my return, that there is a call for us to continued prayer in our Churches, in our families, and in our own personal devotions, that God will teach us the lessons of His terrible judgment, and, when we have learnt them, will remove it in His own good time. These lessons I believe to be the lesson of greater care and resolution in the use and storage of the water resources which are actually within our reach ; the lesson of humility, in the deeper sense of our dependence, in spite of all our increasing skill and power, on the laws of His Providence ; the lesson of greater detachment from that excessive absorption in material comfort and prosperity, which is certainly one temptation of our own days, and of more earnest struggle for the promotion of the moral and spiritual life, which ia the true secret of national greatness. But, whatever they may be, we must believe that God's Providence has some lessons to teach, and our prayer muBt surely be that He will give ns the heart to ponder them ; even while we ask Him once more to give us that rain from heaven which is none the . less His gift be cause it is ruled by His laws, and none the less a means of His moral government of man because it has physical purposes. for the whole world. Why, I ask again, should we be Blow to offer thiB prayer, not once only, but con tinually? I have already suggested to the clergy of the Church of England that the prayer for rain stands in our prayer book for regular use in all cases of need. I may add that the Lenton season is, by immemorial Church custom, a season of penitence and supplication, But if we desire Christian union in this matter, why should not next Sunday be an occasion on which all ministers of Christ who will in various Christian communions may call on their congregations to join in this earnest prayer ? Such prayer would surely not be less acceptable because it was the free ex preEsion of Christian faith and brotherhood, instead of simply an obedience to some public order. So far as concerns our own Churches, I would make this a recommendation, with such authority as I might rightly exercise in such matters; beyond these I venture of course only on a modest suggestion, asking for it only Bach consideration aa it may seem to deserve.— I am, &c;, Alfred Sydney.' Our Hereditary Legislators.— In the House of Commons on March 5 Mr. Labou chere moved his resolution declaring it to be inconsistent with the principles oi represen tative government that any member of the Legislature should derive his title to legislate by right of hereditary descent. In a speech which excited much laughter he pointed out that his motion did not commit; anybody to a single Chamber, but he insisted that an here ditary Chamber was an anachronism in these days of democracy, and any Radical who did not take the same view he held to be a hum bug. The best cure for those who admired the House of Lords was to go. and see tne House-when it was rittine. On great occa sions peers flocked up from all parts of the country-; they- eat - there like a flock of sheep, and; they voted, iike sheep j but on an ordinary occasion they would see one peer addressing half a dozen others until it came near to the dinner hour, when they vanished like ghosts, Who were the gentle men ordinarily made new peers? Some of them were politicians who had been bores and nuisances in this House, and who had been kicked upstairs ; they were generally very rich men, who had inherited or acquired large estates. Then the House of Lords was drawn almost exclusively from one class— and that the landowners. They had heard much about the Irish Land League, bat could they imagine a more pernicious land league than this ? It was a disgrace and opprobrium to our civilization, He found that the peers' had an average o! £30,000 a year, and 35,000 acres of land a piece. A more self-seeking body of men could not be imagined, for they were alwayB ready to take some place about the Court or the Government, if only a salary were attached to it. One gentleman was willing to look after the Queen's dogs, another after her horses, and a third after the Queen's footmen. They often heard that to pay members of the House of Commona would degrade the House and sap its inle pendence. What did they think of the fiot that thesehereditary peers drew on an average £7C0 a year each from the public funds ? They were not satisfied with that. They had rela tives. The relatives of peers had received from 1855 until the present date 120 millions sterling. If that was a mistake, he would take off the 20 millions, and surely 100 millions was a very considerable sum for 400 or 500 families to receive, There was a list of those relatives. |The dukes had 514, the marquises 566, the earls 3,029, the viscounts 863, and the. barons 2,183 relativea receiving money during the interval he had mentioned. By a simple sum in division he found each duke had had, since 1855, fifty-six relatives living on the public Exchequer. They were told it would be impossible to abolish the House of Lords, but it would be petfectly constitu tional, Lord Salisbury had referred to physical force being necessary to do it ; but nothing would be more easy than to elect 300 peers to swamp them, and he believed there was such patriotism on these benches (point ing, amid loud laughter, to the Radical benches) that he could find 300 gentlemen on this side of the House who would ascend the altar of their country and sacrifice them selves. The Philico Poisoning^ Case. — Our London correspondent writes:— 'The last two sittings of the Magisterial enquiry into the death of Mr. Bartlett have been devoted to hearing the evidence of Mr. Leach, the doctor who attended the deceased man from the 10th to the 3l8t of December, and who was one of the surgeons who made the post mortem examination, which resulted in the agreement that in default of any patho logical cause of death, the contents of the stomach and digestive organs should be re served for analysis. The witness had finished his account of the post mortem, and in reply to a question put by the Crown Prosecutor, had just stated that ho saw Dyson on the Wednesday following that event, when the male prisoner called out in great excitement, 'I won't sit here and listen to such lies. Is there no protection?' Mr. Leach calmly re sponded, ' In what way have I lied? and the Magistrate (Mr. Partridge) desired Dyson to sit down and communicate anything he had to Bay through bis counsel. It is a point worth remembering that according to Mr. Leach it was he who firstJItold Mrs. Bartlett that chloroform had been mentioned by the analysts as a possible cause of her husband's death, and that he made the communication aa a piece of ' good news,' in perfect ignorance that any chloroform had found its way into the sick chamber. Instead of beingmade easier by hearing this rumour, which had not then been declared as a fact, Mrs. Bartlett replied. ' I wish it had been anything but chloroform, and went on to state that she had possessed herself of a large quantity of thia drug, to be used in certain emergencies in order to soothe her husband. The accused woman is in a very weak state ; and the condition of both her heart and her pulse has induced two doctors to recommend that she should be spared the closeness and jolting of the prison van, An order has accordingly been issued granting her the use of a cab for the journeys between Westminster and the House of Detention, Professor Tidy has been engaged by the Treasury to make experiments . and tests with chloroform calculated to assist in the solution of this very painful enquiry.' ' The Coburg Trigedy.— The Pall Mall Gazette makes the following reference to this event :— ' We publish elsewhere an account of a remarkable tragedy at Coburg, in Victoria, in which a mother and her daughters at tempted to commit suicide, and the youngest of the family was actually killed. The tragic act seems to have been due to the impression produced by ' The Maiden Tribute of Modern Bablyon' on minds hereditarily predisposed to insanity, Much as we lament the effect which our statement of the dangers to which young girls are exposed has had upon the family of the Hamptons, the tragedy is a melancholy but striking proof of the impact produced upon the human mind all over the world by the warning which we uttered last July, Girls now are not left to realize the dangers to which they are ex posed until they are victims in the toils. They are forewarned and forearmed, The sensation of alarm which in this deplorable case was strong enough to lead a weak-minded family to decide to quit the world altogether has in a million ether cases had the salutary effect of placing girls on their guard. The risk of injuriously exciting minds predisposed to madness was unavoidable. But the fact that of all the millions v?ho have read 'The Maiden Tribute' one family has suffered through it, is no more a reason for regretting its publication than the constant occurrence of eases of religious mania is a rea3on for regretting the publication of the Bible.' Income of Jockeys.— The popular jockeys I Archer and Wood are (says St. James's Gazette) assessed to the income tax at £10,000 and £9,000 respectively. They appealed, because they thought the amount too great— and in tbes8 hard times many persons will. agree with them ; only the jockeya object on acoount of the assessment, and the others because of the income. The appeals having been put aside it would seem, that Archer and Wood really do make .'come £19,000 a year between them. No wonder the former is on the eve of giving a great ball at Newmarket, for which 400 invitations have been issued, A man must find some way to spend hia money. Quite recently a music-hall singer died .de stitute who, up to the time of his illness, had been earning some £60 a week. One wonders whether the jockeys leave anything behind them, They are in a better position for doing £0 than music-hall artists, who' only average a beggarly £2,500 a year, f ? : : ;' \- mbo.^^ ? .' . ' r (. Day of Humiliation.— We direct atten tion to the advertisement requesting. Chris tian Churches to observe to-morrow as a day of humiliation and prayer, ; . / Coursing. — There will be a coursing 'meet ing in connection with the S. A. Fox-terrier Coursing Club this afternoon in Hughea's Paddock, near the Kensington Oval. Church of England, Teatree Gully.— The foundation-stone of the first part of thia Church building will be laid this afternoon by the Hon. Pv. D. Rosb, M.P, Received.— From the Forest Department, copy of the annual catalogue of tree3 for free distribution during the ensuing season, with descriptions of trees, soils, and situations fcr each kind, &c.; Lecture.— Dr. Haacke will deliver the first of a series of scientific lectures on evolution to-morrow evening in the Freethought Hall, King William- street; subject— 'The life hifitoiy of the jelly fishes.' Football.— This afternoon on the Kensing ton Oval a football match will be played between the .Norwood and Norwood Juniora. On the Alberton Oval this afternoon the Ports will play Medindie, Cricket.— On theAdelaideOvalfchis after noon the Norwoods will continue their match with the Adelaides, and flinamarah with Oval. .—a— *%? A Teue TEsr.-The truest tot i3 that oi exMrience For proof that 'Cadtrary^ Cocoa p«P?ee° is what it professes to be, it ia efficient to Stat S the tort *h& for more than SO yeara it has Sood the test of jflaHy trial. Tear by year its sales haye gone on, sad they are, Btill going oa steadily increasing ; and at the present time it has gained a world-wide reputation jot purity and excellence. T i , ? ??;????? ' 9l*^11.9 