THE FEDERAL COUNCIL, _ 1 fOBAnr, Jan 26 UTBOM OUR GWN : CORRESPONDENT.] . Watehuig tlie.first beat:of a-nation's'pulse !: ij.»r days .past, we—the editorial pronoun in: thisciseincludesbotlip'oHticiafisand pi-esamen —have been acting :,as accoucheurs •- to.-: the Australian-XHainsmon.,., Strictly- rspealang, the politiciins 'liaye been the nurses, while the ;pressiuon;have,actefl,a^ into the robui to intimate that a new voice is heard in the wurid.'. : The gathering,Tpilnd : that C men of,^air Tasmania, waiting for.aiid ^assisting .in theexpected birth; has not been'.iii „:any sense .i'cqu'al.' to'-tliat fwhich' witnessed "...the mi.rriage of the colonies .at'- Sydney :in. "1883;: but yet are men'weighte'T with- avsense-of. 'the tlie subject delicately.and above all c ireful : so sto like the ohs child of the patriarch, "but - may have rnray little brothers. If y,iu were to ask me .what is-,the .one distinguishing characteristic nf-JOl. the.-delegates :to>the Council, I should tell you that it lay in-this; the'desire to please, tho msh So to tet thatVthe' most timid colony .may be attrncted rather than repelled by the legislation adopted and drawn by insinu iting inducivo blandishments into ;the <union. This is the" tone "the delegates ' express in \- private,: and this,was-the'note which vibrated through"-all their speeches whenVths Address iii Sepljr was ;uiideiV'oing; debate. •Never before has Mr Service-showii ihimself so impressed with the burden-of responsibility;, never .before in iny reMllection has he considered an occasion so important as to induce him to write out his speech. This he did, for his inaiig :ral address as president was riad by him froni liis manuscript, and, as the Artjas and^Aye .combined-''to telegraph it to Vic'oria, the public were furnished with the words exactly as delivered, and without any of'thoBe •errors which sbirietim'es arise in the takiug of notes and their transcription. ,, - ..- ; It was somewhat of a surprise to the Victorian members'of' the party on arriving here to find 'that a feeling'was abroad that the office of President of the first Council—which we thought had been honourably won by Mir Service by his -exertions: in- the cause, ; and which WJS also due to -him as Chairman of Ihe Committee of the convention,' the senior of those preseiit .at-it who still rtmaiiied in the Union, and the Premier of. tbe most po-verful colony—should not be conferred upon him, but upon Mr" Griffith,-and-a section of the Tasmaniau press was so bold in its'tipping the rpsnlt, that 'we .begW .t'): see'how'the,.Tasmaniau votewbuldbecast." It was even suggested that Mr Adve Douglass, the Premier of .-TasmahiaViv respectable, elderly solicitor of mediocre abilitie!, should be e'.eeted President, it being Overlooked—for: Teasons—that if Mr ^Service was ineligible "because he was one pf the three ghosts' shadowsof former politicians who had practically quitted public life; yet that Mr Douglass, who is .shortly toproceed'hoirie as, Agent-General, was' in-precisely the sameposition. However; common sense aud right", feeliiig won the day, and at the private meeting, on-Saturday, iu'the offices of the Chief Secretary, Mr. Service .was selected as President^-.'though it is'said, by a majority of one. vote only. There can be Ho doubt but that-he is the man for the position, for his grasp of the Federation .question is greater than thatof any other politician in Australia, .'and he is the first statesman who "has jsystendatic^y maintained that Australia had a. distinct foreign policy with r=spect to. her self—protection,-as distiti-. puished frbin4heaggressive one' which Messrs' Stuart and Dalley espoused in Sydney. The Federal Council already ; claims to have a foreign,.policy. Mr :Griffith in his opening, speech" maintained that', it had jurisdiction equal to the Imperial Government over the sea? whiih suiroun 1 Australasia, though he did net define how far lie supposed-such jurisdiction would eitend, ah 1 it is already evident that wbile the delegates here intend- to adopt a conciliatory and -concessory mien- towards the other colonies, in order to bring them into the fold,'.'fhey iritendJto speak on foreign questions in the tones of a limited nation. Among the members of the Council a thorough understanding that" whatever broils disturb the street, there must be peace at. home';-where sisters direll-and brothers meet' trouble! must never come." Anl so it has been agreed that if any decisive difference of opinion is exhibited oii any subject, tlie matter will 'be dropped, or so faf=liioued as" to bs palatable to all, and no divisions will take place during tlie session. : With ; -the' Council caution will work the guarded way throughout, and a .general desire is being, manifested to make everything as pleasant as "possible, while the giumble' in certain quarters, that ihe Federation ,of Auitralia' meant disniemberinent of. the Umpire, was promptly met by Mr' Berry's moving almost as soon as business cpininenced, that °a ' cablegram expressive of loyalty and devotion be seut to the Qiieeii. •:' .• , you will be doubtless curious to. know-' who' are the men entrusted with a responsibility so. fruitful in good, if wisely used,..so disastrous if unwi-eiy. .When wetalk of federa'-' tion 4ii<l a Federal Council, we miist remember that at present /the colonies are buund together by ties as fine as the filmy threads of the gossamer spider's , web, aind . that thl same hands which are now erecting; the structure .'might pull it down agon, A-sing!e mistake , causing ahembit eiing of feeling, miglit cause the Colonies to iiy apart, and our last state would be worse thau our first. There is, however, little prospect.of this upon this occasion, although'"-it.-is-^evident, that the views of Queensland—even on trifling matters—differ widely from- ours, even on such questions, as dealing with the sj.liiiiete>i "with ia]iens,*ahS.es-,: tablishiug a federal. quarantine station at Thursday Island. That' ahd the policy of abalid"ning everyth : .ng;of importance on which the delegates are not unanimous, will'go f tr to o'vercomejany danger arisiug from (these differences, of view. r."^fextAfter our: own delegates, to whom .it is - unriecessiry to' refer, the"most prominent; member .'of the ouucil is Mr Giiffith,. the Premier pf. Queensland,' whose 'easyj"' fiueut delivery arid masterful command of the legal, bearings .of:any p.ointimder. debate, gavehim. considerable 'iiifluenceV which ..is likely to be somewhat -guided and 'insensibly, controlled by Mr/Service; with , whom he is on most friendly term?. His colleague, Mr J. 11. Dickson, speaks biuatly and to the point, but impresses the -hearer .-as a somewh.t nirrowminde 1 average politician without much special ability.- He will be shunted into the post of chairman of committee; so that of him we shall bear but little. : J he radicalism and :rashness. of youth of Mr Griffiths, - who cannot be more than forty, is likely to be tempered by the sagacity of the Tasmaniau Premier—Mr Adye Douglass—a grizzledheaded old veteran of.sixty. or-more, who has an' excellent'practice 1 as a solicitor, but does not appear to be generally held m high esteem as a politician, tlis colleague—Mr .Downes— is.a handsome personable ling-bearded barrister, whom bis friends extol.as the saviour of the c ilony, but who appears to-bea-egarded by lus politicilnvals av a sort of f:urth-class idrot- He has baeu but afew.yt-ars its politics, but judging-from his facial/contour—for up to : the time of writing-he has not spoken—he is likely - "to • prove but light metal if opposed to the heavier trained artillery of :Messrs Service and Berry- Mr Lee Steere.the representative of Western Australia, is a gentlemanly-looking man, past middle: age. ,;and'-;apparenfly: an" Anglo-Indian, with l ossibly,a dash, of French blood in -veins i He ayip ars reticent, and somewh it difla lent. but has evidently a highly- educsted- .weil-caltirated mmd, and ia. manyof'his characteristics resembles- the high-class Southerners in theaStates.' which--i'etain some traces: of the French blond,vsliicb tio'A'ed from the former aristocratic emigres jt).: them. He will speak but seldom, but when he.does will command respect and thoughtful .attention. The representative 1 of Fiji—Dr M'Gregor—is a man -of "different -stamp, ,<and: will, if he chooses play an important part m the proceed' iihg= of the. c iming f ortn ght. ;: He • is -flf that age when a- man's: powers .are at their. best, when the dash, aspiration and . virile,force iof '•youth is-not lost;-but tenipared by exoenence, and has-the vigour: and sdetermmation of. the successful colon'st, conpled with-well educated faculties. From "he -positionrof chief medical officer he has T ,rapl-%:adVanced Kimseif to the "position of Colonial.,becretary.of Fiji, m; place ofMr'Thurstonwho isnowactingias lteGovcrnoi" and thou"h,he has not theeloquenee wbich made Mr Whittakcr, of New Zealand, the most prominent man ^at the'Sydney fionven-; tion,-:-he-iS'likely to exert considerableinfluenCe in ihe present c uncil Our OTD repre enta tivea complete the eight whose names arc des -tin'ed to Ije bonoured-m history as the founders bf ithesAustralasiBn-IJominion, which,-thougli delayed^or'aiime;tTa)iust..'ultimately:Brow-out of the proceedings -we are now witnessing Aiid-tbisbrings meito the greater.'.element, withoutitheiconcurren^e^of-'which. this ;mo.vemerit towards F^deratien swill :be long a ripeniiig.Bofarj'thefederal-movementhasbeen tion of the Piess, butlackingthe support of the •enthusiasm of-the- peo'plessuchasthat. " "" which xinitedf the - iSeparationists ..lai.Jthe:,.'.various, colonies, which'divorced themselves,in the past from New Jsouth Wales Aud, trfith lo tell, there- is'snoanorevevidencfeithaniihat^popular; •enthusiastic motive force exists here than Ahere: isinTlctoria.."::: Although-Hobavtand-ltsenvirons contaias 'Bome twenty-five-thousand m- ?habitants;ao!i threehuadrediofrfhem-tattended' in the streeti to witne s the opening ceremony, and & large proportion of thiae „>vei e small boys Not a flag jwavedAom "the buildings, • though , :st3ffs;aboundi s there,, was 'Dos cheating, ail3 people generally, went about'tbeir- varjous ^businesses a-s usuai.- .fcw:'i,aikin^-af ; ibe ev-ent which was elevating their city to -such pro -minence m ihe eyes of the world, and fe^er Tiel ifeoltffiies'^atfTahtedlSjyAh^ag&ntj-;'.wete' the council chamber and a fe*v—verjr?ew— (politicians iwers ^resent-sbiit'iDOsttpromineni: ^ensand'smembersfofiibe^&rliamenti; r ™ pa i wi. 1*" l * ^ ill ir 1 j r \ a not 1n.11 h udn 310 1 mud t -evidenco that the, movoment.had as ltsnbase a •-nationalpapularBBpiribonotwaBtheoffspting. -of-the passionate desire.of -lihe people:to procure Seshltiof-seduoatiyetififluencesSorseombmations' of circumstances^ but*while 1 share with Mr 4&riffithihe3convjction;^hd:fl«.®ea^,tinnfsithe: mahifestsdeshnv- pfsthe^istrahancolonitesj^'it: peoples will 