A MADCAEEEE. A BOSTON morning newspaper of a certai date in July, 1884, gave an -account of tl placing of a young man in a lunatic asylui the day before under peculiarly sad circun stances. He was to have been graduate from college the previous month. He wt lieh, an orphan, and without relatives ; wi av great favourite in his class, tho picture ( health, but, unfortunately, subject at rat intervals to attacks of epilepsy. Owing i this infirmity be seldom went out alom always taking caro to have tho company c friends. Ono evening, however, he cam into town witli his chum, who lived in th city, intending to go to the theatre. On th way they stopped at his friend's homo an found serious illness in the family; therofort as a favourite actor for whom he had particular enthusiasm was playing, he decide to go alone. On the way to tho Cambridg car, while crossing Bacon Hill, he was seize with one pf his attacks. It was in a quie street of dwellings and unfrequented. Hi spasms wore unobserved, but a police ma; afterwards found him sitting on tho kerb stone, helpless, dazed, and'unable to giv any account of himself,' as stated ia th report to head- quarters. Tho inference wa that tho young man was intoxicated. Th policeman summoned a brother officer, ant tho two hustled tho helpless student away ti the station-house, where ho was thrust iut< a cell for the night. In the morning he wa taken into the municipal court and arraiguei with the motley group which, in the phrase ology of the newspaper report«, is known a * common drunks,' and always forms thc major part of tho day's business in that insti tution. These offenders, like the pawns int §amo of chees, arc disposed of with promp espatcb, to clear tho way for tho mort Taned coses that, out of tho cloud of wrong and wretchedness over brooding over a large city, formulate themselves into tangible transgressions-dark shapes of sin that herc begin their rapid descent into the pit oi hopeless misery. The two policemen testified, in a few words, that the young man had been found intoxicated in the street, he could nol walk alone when they took him to thc station, and they perceived tho smell of liquor in his breath. The poor fellow had, in reality, never taken a drop of liquor in his life. . ' One dollar and costs' was the penalty, spoken in tho same mechanical tone with which tho sentence had impinged upon those four. Bhabby walls many thousand times before ; it is a wonder that tho words aro not engraved there, as dripping water wears away tho stone upon ' which it falls. While tho youngman hesitated, meditating a reply in explanation, an angry snarl from the veteran offender next in turn, who was im- patient to get through a formality made monotonous by repetition, together with a scowl from tho judge, intolerant of infringe- ments upon tho discipline of the court on the part of raw recruits, so to speak, scaled his lips. The officer cautioned him not to make a fool of himself, adding, ' of course a swell like you hasn't given your real name 1' The young man paid his fine, sick at heart, and anxious to got out of the miserable situa- tion as soon as possible. In his innocence he had givon his name, and the affair was the talk of everybody who knew him, or about him, many of whom had never heard of his physical affliction which caused it. Tho shock consequent upon tho night in the cell, the feeling of undeserved disgrace acting upon a sensitive nature, combined with the strain produced by hard study, for his examinations-all this proved too much for-him, and his mind gave way. His delusion was that he fancied himself somebody else. His naturally vivid imagina- tion, though disordered, supplied most plausibly all details of the personal history of the assumed identity, so that strangers who had encountered him hod been deceived. For instance, one day at a restaurant-table he met a newly-landed English traveller and represented himself as one of the owners of a large ranch in Colorado ; he had come East to negotiate tho sale of a lot of cattle for shipment to Liverpool, and was going back that evening. Ho invited his new acquaintance to stop ovor and see him there on his way to the Pacific, naming the railway station and. describing the locality, fifteen miles back on the plains, telling minutely how to get there. He painted a picture of ranch life BO glowing that tho Englishman accepted the invitation, and the next week stopped at tho station named, only to find himself with bag and baggage alone on the plains after sunset, with no ranch of the kind ever heard of in tho neighbourhood. He was forced to poss tho night at a section house, the only building for miles round, ' bunking' with a gang of track labourers. It got out among the young man's friends through an indignant communication sent by the Englishman to a Boston paper, denounc- ing American methods in practical joking. .A- feature of the young man's madness . waa that every three days he would assume a now identity. These circumstances were not . all related in the newspaper article ; I learned them through inquiries which, some time after, I had peculiar reasons for making. .In the afternoon' newspapers of the next day there were brief accounts of tho probablo drowning at Nautasket, of Gcorgo Hender- son, a young gentleman from Australia, who had been living in Boston for sovcral months with his uncle, Alexander Henderson, promi- nent in tho wool trade.- Young Henderson had been encountered and spoken to on the Nantaskot boat tho previous afternoon, but had soemod melancholy and abstracted ; ho. had not replied, but had turned away gazed out over the water, a circumsta which struck the reporter's informant \ surprise, for Henderson was of a cheei and companionable disposition, and he cc not account for the change. Tho mis! I man had last been seen leaving the trail the Beach Railway at Strawberry Hill, I making his way towards a lonely part of I shore near Point Allerton. A thundcrsti waa coming up and everybody had left [ beach. After the storm his clothing found lying on some boulders at thc foo a bluff, soaked with rain, but apparel just where it had been thrown. In pockets were found a gold watch and s< money. The circumstances indicated suie The papers of tho next morning had a li I more about thc mutter. Young Hcndersi body had been found off Cohassett the I before, whither the tide had carried it, ; it had been identified by lu's uncle's b j keeper. He had probably swum deliberal I out to sea with the intention of drown himself. His uncle had gone to South Amei that very day. There were no near frie to attend his funeral, and it was altoget a most melancholy affair. Now, as I am George Henderson from ^ tralia, it is evident I did not drown mys The whole story is a singular one. My uncle was in the wool business, as newspapers stated. He is a shrewd old Seo! man. In fact, was there ever a Scotcha who was not shrewd, or canny, or someth else combining tho Yankee adjectives of sn, and thrifty 1 I say this from an impartial sta point, for though my father was my uno brother, my mother was an American, an was born in Australia ; therefore 1 feel free observe my paternal race from an indopend« antipodal, new-world twice removed point view, and I confess to having obtained mi quiet amusement from its peculiarities, pa cularly us manifest in my excellent uncle w his queer sounding burr, bis sound h ead,quai sagacious ways, and his warm heart witt Trained among the manufacturing interests Glasgow ho had seen a good field in Ameri and taken advantage of it ; the result was i accumulationofahandsomefortune. My fatl had followed him to this country, married he and shortly after gone to Australia, where was established as a wool buyer for my tine who from his vantage ground, watched the mi kets of both the New and Old World, and ope ted with excellent results. After my fathe death the Australian business was conduct by other parties, with whom I continued, ht ing achieved some distinction as a wool expe My mother had died before my father, the autumn of 1883, my uncle had called t to Boston to help him with my knowledge wool, in his negotiations with some munufu turéi s who proposed to introduce now grad into their mills. I was glad to con: both for the sake of the journey and make the acquaintance of my mother's on relatives, the Kingstons-cousins who lived a town near by. Most delightful people found them. I spent most of my spare tin there ; in fact, about all of it, after I di covered what a lovely girl Miss Anna Lyme was - a neiceof cousin Fanny, Charles King ton's wife-and it did not take mo lone; to di cover that. Unaccountably to me, she ah found something to like in her Australia cousin, BB I insisted on calling myself, thong there was, in reality, no relationship. Ho much I could not tell ; I feared not so much i I. wanted her to, and I dreaded lest I migl find my fears verified. The Kingstons were going to Europe tlu summer, taking Miss Lyman with theo The night before they sailed 1 felt that I coal bear the torment of uncertainty no longer, an I made bold to tell Anna what I had been bot longing and fearing to tell. To my unbounde joy, I learned that she thought of me jut as much as I did of ber. I went back t the city by the latest train with the most exit tant heart that I ever felt beat, for the throl bing of another heart in unison therewith lia quickened it as I had no idea it could. The next day waa to be a busy one. . M j uncle was also going off on a long journey tim day, to Buenos Ayres, on some business con nected with the wool interests there. I wai to remain in charge of bia affairs during hi absence. He was going to New York by thc Shore Lino at 1 o'clock, and was to take th« steamer for Rio next morning. After seeinj him off I intended to hurry over to the Cunare wharf ot East Boston, whence the Pavonit was to sail at 4 o'clock. I managed to fine time to buy a ring, which I intended to place on Anna's finger on the steamer and give the Kingstons a surprise, for we agreed that noth ing should bo said about it until then, excepl to my uncle. The rest of tho time I was kept. busy wit! my uncle every moment. He had that morn ing received some important private informa- tion about the condition of tho wool murkot in Germany. He had in consequence telegra- phed an oreler to Sydney to buy an enormous quantity of wool, the profit on which would bo a fortune in itself. But at half past 12 he received further news of a contradictory nature which caused him to reconsider his action. Lucky, indeed, he deemed himself to get the additional tidings in time, for to have carried all tho wool which he had ordered with a falling instead of a rising market might have swamped him. He dashed off a telegram counter- manding his previous order, and asked me to rush down to State street to the central tele- graph office that it might be cabled as quickly as possible. That, of course, prevented me from going to the train with him. ' Good-bye, Geordie,' said my uncle ; ' gi* the lass an extra kiss for me, and may heaven speed her back safe to ye, ' he said, as we parted on the steps of his lodging-bouse on the hill, where the cab which was to take him to the station had just drawn up. I carried the dispatch in ray hand, and hur- ried along by the shortest cut to State street, through one of the narrow lanes that abound in that neighbourhood, and which in Boston are often unduly dignified by the 'name of ' avenue. ' As I was passing by the entrance of a great hotel, two gentlemen stepped out toward a carriage waiting there. I did not notice the elderly ono particularly, for his face was turned the other way, but I started in amazement at the sight of his companion. I could hardly have been more astonished to see my reflection step out from a looking glass and walk away on its own responsibility, while I stood a motionless spectator. When two persons are said, even by their friends, to ' look exactly like euch other,' it ¡B very seldom that they can see the resem- blance themselves. Members of a family, be- tween whom everybody sees a likeness, tracing in the features of each tho common mould in which they are cast, wondor in what it consists, for they themselves cannot perceive it in tho least. , But hero thero was a similarity so mar- vellous that, had he stood facing me with a shoot of glass between us, I would probably havo mistaken tho glass for a mirror. Nature, it soems to me, has her regular set of definite types," after which she modols her human children. Thesetypesintermingl and pass from one into another with hui dreds of variations and combinations. A people approach, more or less, one type < another, and it would probably not be dill cult to classify them, os on observation < the people one passes in a walk through crowded street might show. The comme possession of some feature or lincamui affords those resemblances which near everybody notes. Twins aro apt to 1 strikingly alike, and there may be said to 1 a class of twins without blood relations!) born, perhaps, thousands of miles apart, sou subtle set of causes combining to repeat : them a type which produces in them exn resemblance. These persons, when brougl together, or in contact with the same pc sons, sometimes occasion remarkable mi takes. ' So this, then, is my double,' I though I had already been made aware that I mu have a double somewhere around. Fi instance, several weeks before, in the sprini a young man had rushed past me on tl street, shouting excitedly as he did sc ' Hallo ! Hen. 'Kali for eighty-four !' The; had been a college boat race, or baso-bu match, or something of the kind that day. did not know of it at tho moment, and in impression was that Borne young fellow wi taking remarkable freedom in abbreviate my family name. Another time somebod addressed me as ' Levcrctt ' while comic out of a theatre ; and one afternoon, in Back Bay car, I was greeted by two your ladies with most friendly and cordial smile which salutation I returned with son embarrassment, since I could not, for tl lifo of me, remember ever having met the; before. ' "What common ancestor may have tran mitted his face and form to us two strangers I queried ; ' some companion of Hengist an Horsa? Some primitivo Aryan who live in the shadow of the Himalayas, perhaps hundred centuries ago r" "Wo not only looked, but were dresse alike. Both of us woro suits of light gre Canada homespun, cut in the prevailin style, and straw hats of the similar pattern for the straw hat of a season has few varit tions. His eyes also met mine with a startle look, but their real expression seemed on of hopeless melancholy. The startled glanc turned to a flash of desperate eagerness, sue as a drowning man might have when h clutches the straw he has reached for. How the impressions of that instant ai indelibly stamped on my brain 1 A gent! east wind had been floating up from the hai bour all the morning, as it often docs in mic summer, bringinga deliciouscoolness and sligo salty flavour that gave the air almost an edibl quality, it seemed, so tonic was it. In th north and south streets this wind is not pei ceived, but in those running east and west i draws np as through a flue. Around th corners on such days the difference is almost a radical as that between the climates of Mae sachusotts Bay and the Missouri River. Thi easterly breeze, while it has been wasting itself in welcome whiffs through the open win dows, occasionally rattling tho tnapsontheoffic wall, whispered constantly of the great stearne making ready across the stream. I fancy ] could sec the red smoke stacks, the white puff of steam escaping, the bustle on tho decks anc on the wharf increasing, as the hour for de parture drew nearer and nearer. My atten tion to my duties was close, but automatic ; '. had a double consciousness ; the hard figure and dry commercial facts before me swam ii a more bouyant thought-medium in whicl undulated alterations of light and shadow elation in my triamphant love, and joyoui anticipations of the delight I should expérience in slipping the ring on to the dear girl'i finger, the tender gleam of her eyes meeting mine, and reflecting the diamond's brilliancy suffused in the solvent of her soul's light and then the sense of dejection at the neal parting 1 But the sunny emotions were doniin ant by far, they were so overwhelmingly new and bright ; the latter new also, but not yet experienced. We can have but slight presenti- ment of a pain never yet felt, and it was therefore a small spot of the sun of my i happiness. To return to my strange encounter. I did not take particular notice of anything at tho time, but, as I have said, the scene of that instant is still vivid in my memory. I see the crowd passing by in the bright Bunshine out in Washington street just beyond, nearly everybody looking as if they wished it was not so hot. Among them were many men with sun-browned faces, just back from their vacation. Now and then a summer saunterer with white helmet and easy, light suit strolls leisurely along with that superior 'how I pity-you-all ' look which, uudersuch conditions, the envious can't get-aways will ascribe to those who seem to be passing through the town for no other purpose than to have the gloating over the misery of their fellows. The noise of a sizzling soda fountain proceeds with sibilant penetration from a gorgeous establish- ment out on the corner, whose sign, ' Ice-cold Temperance Drinks,' with lotters all pendant with icicles and capped with snow, stares at the lager beer sign in frigid hostility. A street band in a neighbouring alley is playing a tune from ' Mascotte,' the violin carrying the air with an insistent stress. The eaBt wind has about died away, as it is liable to do at noontide in midsummer ; but just then a slight puff starts up and caressos ray cheekB, making me think of the barbour, the steamer, and my love again, instead of my double, who now stands almost face to face with me os he approaches the carriage with his companion. Just then there is a loud explosion like the sound of a cannon, accompanied by a great crashing of glass. The soda fountain in tho temperance drinks place had burst. The horses start back in affright ; the coachman, who is standing at the carriage door, jumps to check them, and everybody's attention is diverted in the direction of the disturbance. At the same time I slip and fall-stepping on the skin of some fruit, I suppose, dropped according to the habit of many careless per- sons, despite the frequent casualties thereby occasioned. I feel a tremendous blow, I hear a second crash, which seems louder than the first, a great light flashes before my eyes, then all light goes out, and I know no more. Anna and the Kingstons awaited me at the steamer, growing more and more anxious as the time went by. Other friends came drop- ping along one by one. Cousin Fanny remarked that it was strange that I did not come, and Anna said nothing. At last the cry 'AU on shore who are not going 1' was passed along tho deck, and everybody's friends poured over the gangway planks down on to tho wharf, the passengers all rushing to the ship's rail to intermingle tumultous farewells with these on tho land. Anna strained her oyes, hoping to get a sight of mo amidst tho throng. But, as she gazed in vain, tho tears gathered. What had become of the s wobt surprise we had planned for our friends 1 The startiag-bell soanded from the engine room with its sharp, rattling vibrations at pre- cisely 4 o'clock, and the great vessel began to glide away from the wharf. 'Where can George Henderson be V asked Charles King- ston for the sixth or seventh time, and the query was echoed by his wife. A sob from Anna startled them, nnd as they turned towards her, her head sank on her aunt's shoulder, and she gave way to her sorrow. Then the state of things dawned upon them. They had, of course, observed something of the situation before, but they did not know how far it had progressed. The steamer kept on down tho channel. When near Fort Warren, one of the harbour excursion boats, the Twilight, rushed swiftly j and gaily by on the way to Nantasket. Sbe passed close under the Favouia's quarter and all oyes on the smaller craft were turned towards the greater, for the sailing of un ocean steamer is a sight that uever loses its novelty. ' Quick, Anna, look !' cried Cousin Fanny, excitedly. ' There is George Henderson. He mnst have got belated, somehow, and he has come down that way, hoping to get sight of us 1' A sunny gleam darted through Anna's tears. She looked. There I was, it seemed, sure enough, standing on the Twilight's hur- ricane deck, but, although only a few feet away, and they all waved handkerchiefs and shouted, not a sign of recognition did I give, but gazed vacantly before me, as if 1 saw and heard nothing. The brief joy that showed in Anna's face gave way to an expression of amazement^ incredulity and despair. But she did not sob any more. ' I do not understand it all ! I am almost willing to believe it was his ghost r Cousin Fanny exclaimed. They had not been long in London before the mail brought the papers with accounts of the drowning at Nantucket, which seemed to explain the mystery somewhat. The King- stons bad been very fond of me, and they said they did not see how such a level-headed young fellow could do such a thing, but there were many strange and unaccountable things in the world, and this was one of them. Per- haps I had been sunstruck, for it was a very hot day, they said, mitigatingly. Anna grew seemingly cheerful, but a new stillness contrasted strongly with her accus- tomed buoyancy. She was always a sensible girl, and she did not wish to mar the pleasure of her friends' journey. They were quiet, middle-aged people, accustomed to travel and to getting through the world easily and smoothly, so the situation was less trying for her than the average gay routine of travel would have been. She declared that there was something very strange about the matter; time perhaps might clcaritup,and she believed that it would. The continuous buzzing in my head grew louder and louder. The picture of the little ' avenue * began to resolve itself out of black nothingness. At last everything took its proper place except my double. He was gone, and I somohow felt ¿hat I was he, but that he was not I. While I was pondering this conundrum the picture faded out again. I shut my eyes and kept them shut, I know not how long. .When I opened them again I lay perfectly still, looking about and trying to collect my thoughts. Where was I ? It waa a pleasant room, comfortably and tastefully furnished in soft greys and browns. There were some landscape etchings on the walls; attractive-looking books .were scat- tered about. Tho windows were wideopen; it was sunny without, but the dense green of trees Bhut in the view. I attempted to stir ; then I discovered that I was very weak and that I could not move my right arm, which was tightly bandaged. A man who, I now > perceived, hod been sitting near me, stepped quietly to my sida ; ' Where am I ?' I asked. ' In a hospital,' he replied. ' You are being well cared for; you have had a bad1 hurt, sir.' TO BE CONTINUED. 