SINGULAR TRAGEDY ON THE HIGH SEAS. A FATHER ARRESTED FOR THE MURDER OF HIS CHILD. THE MOTHER CHARGED' WITH BEING AN ACCESSARY. _ A^terrible tragedy i8 reported as hav ing been committed on October 14 on the British ship Gainsborough, while she waB on the voyage from New York to Melbourne..- The vessel arrived- in Hob? son's Bay the previous evening, and yes terday, mornipg Constable Morgan, of the water police, proceeded on board and arrested Ernest J. Nicholls for the murder of bis infant, a girl aged seven Mia a half months. The Gainsborough Bailed from New. York, for Melbourne, on August 26, under the command of the owner, Captain MacPbail. The only pasB8ngers were the prisoner, who is a native of England, 29 years of age; his toife, a German, 22 years of age; and their infant daughter. Nothing peculiar waB noticed iu the conduct or aotions of these passengers during the voyage Until October 14, when Nicholls," who "was Wl Uing; up and down the deck at about half-past 10 a.m., nursing the baby, was observed by ? the man at the wheel (Charles Anderson} to suddenly step up to the port jmain -rigging, and .without a word oi any apparent excitement, toss the child into the sea. He then walked away quite coolly, and sat down on a deck chair. Anderson at once raised an alarm, and Mr. Boig, first mate, ther officer in charge of the deck; and several of -the crew ran on to the poop, from whioh they Baw the baby floating BBtern, faoe downwards. The ship was founded to, and the captain having come on deck, a boat was made ready for launching. The weather was fine and the vessel travelling at the rate of eight knots an hour. As the child suddenly disappeared it was deemed of little use to launch the boat, and the ship proceeded pn her colirse. While these preparations were being made for the- resdue of the child, Nicholls remained quite uncon cerned. The mate had him placed under arrest, and looked in his cabin, one of the crew being told off to watch him. In .the evening he was placed in irons, but they : were removed next day. On the evening the incident occured the captain told Nicholls of the oharge against him, but he only stared vacantly, and said he knew nothing about it. During the " remainder of the voyage Nicholls did not Seem to' realise the gravity . of his position. In the daytime he was allowed to move about the deok, but at night he was 16'cked in his cabin. . * ' Mrs. Nicholls states that Nicholls had been treated for lunacy in one of the New York hospitals. He had previously resided in these colonies, having been in Sydney, where he was engaged as a softgoods clerk, and he still owns pro perty there. He went from there to the United States, where he married, and where the ohild was born. Mrs. Nicholls was a medical student in New York, and states that she went to Egypt to assist in the nursing of the British sick and wounded during the Soudan war. Nioholls, when brought ashore, was more the object of pity than anything else. He is evidently completely insane, is reduced to a perfect skeleton", and is very weak. He did not appear to have the least idea of where he was or what lie was oharged with. On his being Bearohed, amongst other things, there was found on him a parcel of religious tracts, and a Church of England prayer book, but none of them appeared to have been much used. Besides these he had a pair of baby's leather shoes, which he had always kept with him, and which he begged to be allowed to retain, the de sire being acceded to. It was only at the sight of these that he gave evidence of any sensibility, for he then began to cry and moan about "my poor little baby "that I loved so much." He was brought before Mr. Dempster, J.P., charged with murder on the high seas, and remanded for medical examination. Notwithstanding the positive state ment of Anderson, who says he saw the child, rthrown overboard,. many of the crew hold a different opinion the child fell, they aver, out of the father's arms into the sea. i ; : . s Mrs. Nicholls has been arrested for being accessary to the murder, in that knowing her husband was unfit to be en trusted with the child she left it entirely In bis care, and by such neglect contri buted to its death. The death is reported of Colonel Count Schmetto, who ledthe celebrated charge bf Prince Bismarck's Cuirassiers at Vion ville. '' The leading citizens and town author ities of Dublin have formed a vigilance committee to suppress robbery and assist in securing.order. ' Miss; Sate Rundle accomplished the feat of swimming from the Plymouth breakwater to the promenade pier, a distance of nearly three miles, in 72 minutes. At an inquest held at Bath on the death of an old lady named Heard, it was ascertained that Bhehad died from shock to the system caused =hy. the sting of a wasp. The London Eveniiig Standard reports a -novel form of religious mania, which has just developed itself at Cincinnati, in the United States. The inhabitants afflicted with it be lieve that two ladies, both married, and sisters, are respectively, Christ and the Holy Ghost, manifest in the flesh. So great is the ?influence exercised by these two women, that their followers; to facilitate their worship, have given np lucrative positions and aban doned alike callings and homes to live near them. They _ reconcile the fact of Christ manifesting himself in .a female by the theory that'in Heaven there are no sexes. This form of fanaticism is hitherto unique j but .then, if. the fanatics after all should prove -to be in the right, the closest possible assimi lation of the sexes in this world is obviously the nearest practicable approach to their faith. Ab many as 70,000 lb. of fine graded merino wool has been furnished by this year's clip in the Albert district of Canada. 