SELECTED POETRY. WHITTER'S LATEST POEM. Th e following is Mr J. G. Whittier's latest poem, extracted from the February number of the Atlantic Monday:- RHE HOMESTED. VtOia w-odedWD it stands, ljh0 S t of a deaf home, storing through Tulreken liarbt? on wa ted lands Where rl l-t'me harvests grew.. - ,„nhod, unsown, by scythe unshorn, The poor, forsaken farra-fi, Us he, n L rich »ntl life with golden corn pjl-3 green b'oadths of rye. ni healthful herb and flower bareft, Toe garden plot no honsowife keeps; Through weeds and tangle only left, The stake, its tenant, creeps, i lilac spray, onoo blossom clad, s-ars bare before tho empty rooms: the roofless porch a sad, Pathetic red rose blooms. Tip track, in mould nnd dust of drouth, On floor apd heartli the squirrel leaves; s-i the tireless chimney’s mouth His web the spider weaves. The leaning barn about to fall, Resounds no moro on husking eves; . Vo cattle low in yard or stall, Vo thresher bents his sheaves. So sad so dear! It seems almost Some haunting Presence makes its sign; Pint down yon shadowy lane some ghost Might drive his spectral kino ! 0 homo, so desolate .and lorn ! Did al! thv memories die w:th theo ? Were any wed. were any b trn. Beneath this low-roof tree ! Whose axe the w.all’of forest broke, And 1 t the waiting sunshine through ? What coed-wife sent tho earliest smoke Up tho great chimney flue ? Did rustic lovers hither come?. Did maidens, swaying back and forth In rhythmic grace, as wheel and I >om, Make light their toil with mirth ? Dd child feet natter on the stair ? Dii boyhood frolic in the snow ? Dil gray ago, in her elbow chair, Knit, rockii g to and fro ? The murmuring brook, tho sighing breeze, The pinu’s fl tw whisper caniK-t t-11; how mounds beneath tho hemlock trees Keep the home secrets well. Cease, motherlmd to fondly boast Of sons fir oil who stri .e and thrive, piirgit'ui that each swarmii g host Must leave an emptier hive ! 0 wanderers from ancestral soil. Lease noisome mill and chaffering store; Gird up your Inins for sturdier toil. And build the homo once more ! Como h ick to haybu ry-secented slopes. And fragrant fern, nnd ground-mat vine; Brraiho airs h ewn ovor holt and corpse Sweet witli black birch and pine. Wh«t mutter if the gains are sra dl That life’s essential wonts supply ? Your home toad’s title gives you nil That idle wral'h can buy. Ah that the moiy-dollared crave. The brisk-walled slaves of ’Change and mart, Lawns, trees, fresh air, and flowers; you have, More dear for la :k of art. Your own solo masters, freedom-willed, With none lo tdd you go or stay; Til the old fi aids your fathers tilled. As manly men as they' With skill that spares your toiling hands, And chemic ai l that science brings, P.eclaim tho waste and outworn 1 m is, And reign thereon ns king ! 