a remarkable story of an ap- " par1tion. - Many peopTe— a veiy great number, in fact- no more believe in apparitions than they do in tlie mail in tho moon. And we aro not at all Bute that rive don't, agree with tlicni. At the namo time tho following story of an apparition is such a marvellous aim peculiar one, inao wo cuiuius uu better than receive it with tho attention it deserves : — " Young Mr Bligli, a lad of bright parts and of no common attainments, became ou a sudden pensive, dejected, and melancholy. His friends, observing tho chango without being able to discover tlio cause, attributed liiB behaviour to laziness, and aversion to school, or to some othor motive which they suspected ho was ashamed to avow. Ho was, however, in duced to inform his brother, after aouio time, that in a field through which lie had passed to and (nun school "—that is to say, to and from Launceslon Grammar School, uf which Mr Ruddle was head master — " ho was invariably met by the apparition of a woman whom he per sonally knew while living, and who had been dead about eight years." Young Bligli is said to have been at this time about sixteen. " Ridicule, threats, and persuasions were alike used in vain by tlio family to induce him to dismiss the6o absurd ideas. Mr Ruddle was, however, sent for, to whom tho lad ingenuously communicated the time, manner, and frequency of this ap pearance. It was in a field called Higher Broomtield. The apparition, ho said, appeared dressed in female attire, mot him two or three times while he passed through the field, glided hastily by him, but never spoke. Ho had boon thus occasionally met about two months beforu lie took any particular notice of it ; at length t he appearance became more frequent, meeting him both morning aud ovoniug, but always in tho same field, yet invariably moving out of tho path when it canto close to him. He often spoke, but could never get any reply." To avoid this unwelcome visitor, lie forsook tho field, and wont to school and returned from it through a lane, in which place, between tho quarry pack and tho nursery, it always met him. Unable to disbelieve the evidence of his own senses, or to obtain credit witii any of his family, lie pre vailed upon Mr Ruddle to accompany him to the place. " ' 1 arose,' says the clergyman, ' tho next morning, and went with him. Tlio field to which he led me I guessed to be about Iwenly acres, in an open country, and about three fur longs from any house. We wont into the field, and had not gone a third part before the sceptre, in the shape of a woman, with all tlie circum stances he had described tho day before, so far as the suddenness of its appearance and transi tion would porinit ine to discover, passed by. I was a little surprised at it, aud though 1 had taken up a firm resolution te speak to it, I had not tlio power, nor durst I look back ; yet I took care not to show any fear to my pupil aud guide, and therefore, telling him that I was sitisiied with the truth of his statement, wc walked to tlie end of the field and returned ; nor did the ghost meet us that time but unco. On July 27th, 1GG5, I went to tlie haunted field by my self, and walkod to tho breadth of it without any encounter. I then returned and took tho other walk, and tlieu tho sceptre appeared to me, ' much about the same placo in which I saw it when tho young gontleman was with ine. It appeared to move Bwifter than before, and seemed to be about ton feet from ine on my right liaiid. insomuch that I had not time to speak to it. as I had determined with myself .beforehand.. The evening of tlie day, the parents,' tho son, and myself being in the chamber whore I lay, I proposed to them our goiug all together to tlie placo next morning. We accordingly met at the stilo we had appoin ted j thence wo all four walked into the field together. Wo had not gone more than half the field before the ghost made his appearance. It then camo over the stile just before us and moved with such rapidity that by tlio time we liad gone six or seven steps it passed by ; I im mediately turned my head and ran after it, with tlie young man by my side. Wo saw it pass over the stile at which wo entered, and no further. I stopped upon tlie hedge at one place, and the young man at another, but we could discern nothing ; whoroiis I do aver that tlio swiftest horse iu England could not have convoyed liim- Eelf out of sight iu that short spaco of time. Two tilings I observed in this day's appearanco ; first, a Bpauie! dog, which had followed the com pany unregarded, barked and ran away as tlie spectre passed by ; whence it is easy to conclude that it was not our fear or fancy which made tho apparition. Secondly, the motion of tho spectre was not gradation, or by steps, 01- moving of tho feet, but by a kiud 'of gliding, as children upon ice, or as a boat down a river, which punctually answers the descript on tlio ancients give of tho motion of these spectres. This ocular evidence clearly convinced, hut withal strangely affrigh ted tho old gentleman and his wife. They well knew this wi'iinan, Dorothy Durant, iu her life time ; were at her burial ; and now plainly saw her features iu this apparition. Tlie next morning, being Thursday, I went very early by myself, aud walkod for about an Itour'a space in meditation and prayer in the field next ad joining. Soon after five I stepped over tlie stilo into tlie haunted field, aud had not gone above thirty or forty pnues before tlie ghost ap peared at the further stile. I spoke to it in some short sentences witii a loud voice, where upon it approached me, but slowly, and when I came near, it moved not. J spoke again, and it. atiRWi red iu a voice neither audible nor very in telligible. J was not iu the least terrified, and therefore persisted until it spoke again, and gave tne satisfaction ; but the work could not ' lie finished at litis time. Whereupon the riamo 1 veiling, an hour after sunset, it mot me again near the same place, ami "after ii few words 011 each side it quietly .vanished, nnd neither doth appear now nor hath appeared since, 1101- ever will more to any man's disturbance. Tito discourse in the .morning lusted about a quarter of an hour. T'lieso things are true,' concludes the. Rov. John Ivuddle, ' and I know thorn to bo so, with as much certainty as eyes and ears can give me ; and until 1 can be persuaded that my souses .'all deceive me about their proper objects, and by-that persuasion deprive mo of the strongest inducement to believe tho Chr stain religion,! must and will assort that tho tilings contained iu this paper aro true." — ' Ca3sell'» Saturday's Journal.' 