FUNERAL CEREMONIES. " Every schoolboy " knows fho story of tlio philosopher Diogenes, who desired bis disciples not to inter his remains after death, but to leave them exposed iu tho open country, and wbo, when remonstrated with, inasmuch us the wild beasts would cotno and devour his body, replied, " Dear me, I never thought of that. Well, put a stick beside tno to drive them away with." This cynical disregard of the proprieties held by even snvago nations to be due to almost the only substance in tho world incapable of being utilised, the question beiug how to destroy it in the least shocking manner, has never passed into an article of faith, even eminent advanced tliiukcrs, with tho cxccptiou of Voltaire, liavo not sup ported it, either directly or by implication. Both nations nud individuals having, it may be, treated tiiose who deserved well of the State, aud those to wltotu they owe their birth nud education, with cruelty aud neglect during their lives, seek to atone for their shortcomings by public fuuorals and records in marble, settiug forth their desolation at thoir death. It is but a few days siucc that Melbourne nfforded the spectacle of tlio obsequies of the chief of lho Roman Cutholic clergy iu the colony, presided over by a member of tlic Sacred College, performed by tlio whole of lho clergy of the diocese, and witnessed by thou sands of spectators, both faithful aud heterodox. A gallant soldier, who fotittd his death iu tho fatal miasma of British New Guinea, was interred just six months ago with military pomp rivalling the ecclesiastical demonstration which honored the lifeless remains of Arch bishop Goold, and a glance at the obituary columus of the papers will show the desire, however erode the form ttieir efforts assume, ou tlio part of privato individuals to perpetuate the memory of those, the touch of whose hands, and the sound of whose voices are but au effort of recollection. It is evident, there fore, that the parado and dignity accompanying tho final disposal of tlio human body arc not on the wane, but that the question is rather tlic manner in which this should bo effected. The abolition of lead and wooden coffins, advocated by a duke aud ail eminent artist, does not necessarily render the funeral less costly, and when a statesman of adTuuccd ideas " cremates" liis wife lie does so regardless of expense, and communicates flie particulars to all tho news papers. Among civilised ualious the extremes of sepulture arc fonnd in the ancient Egyptians aud the Romans, the former of whom endea voured fo preserve the body as long as possible by cmbalmiug it, and the latter to auuihilato it by cremation. The actual bodies of Khnmscs tho Great, of some of tbo members of his dynasty, and of liis officers of stale now roposo in the niustiem at Boulak, 4000 years after their interment. There is no evidence that the Egyptians had any idea of u resurrection, aud it is therefore improbablo that this con sideration can have actuated them in preserving the corpse, especially as it was eviscerated in the process, aud dogs nnd cats wero embalmed as well as human beings, much as the skins of canine and feline favorites ore preserved and stuffed at the present day. The corpso was kept above ground for twelve months before burial, aud cuiuo down to dinner like other members of tho family. At the expiry of this term it was tried by forty- two judges, and if any serious accusations against tho deceased wero made and substantiated bnrial was refused, cither for a season or in perpetuity. Perhaps if a similar custom prevailed at the present day, tho morals of tho community might profit thereby. In the funeral rites themselves we have the historical origin of tho poetical theory that the soul of tho deceased must cross a lake or river, au idea which descended to the Romans, and which is continued iu our own times in the pnges of the 1'ihjruris Progress, and in poetical memorial offusioas of tho present day, five out of six of which treat of a " beautiful shore. " The Egyptians buried with their mummy, a metal plate certifying to character ; the Greeks and Romaus, with the remaius of their dead, au oboliis to pay the ferryman, and a sop for Cer berus. The opening lines of the Iliad, and the tragedy of Antigono show the importance at tached to sepulture by tho ancieut Greeks. Tho Romans carefully collected tlio ashes of the corpse, and preserved them in u funeral uru, which, among wealthy families, was deposited in a mortuary vault. It is but recently that the cinerary urn of a yonug Roman noble descended front the Julian family, murdered during tho stormy period following tho death of Nero, was discovered by somo workmen digging for foundations, one of whom took away its contents aud gave them to his wifo to use as lye for washing, thus utmost literally fulfilling the reflection of Hamlet. Imperial Ca-sar, dead and turned to ctay, Micht atop a hole to keep the wind away. With the Christian era, however, a great change took placo in the disposition of human remains. Tho earnest and passionulo ut terances of St. Paul, in tho famous 15th chap ter of the first epistle to tho Corititliians, teaching the doctrine of flic resurrection of tbo body in n sublimated state, and of its mysterious rcuuiou with the soul, led to tlic de cay and abolition of cremation. Bodies were no longer burnt, nt any rate, after death, but were reverentially committed to the dust from which thoy. sprang, with a littgering trace of Pagan and prehistoric observances. Thus, to this very day tho orientation, or eastward position, is adopted both in the case of a corpse aud a church, the practice being clearly a relic of solar cuff, far more antique than the legendary Magi. The bodies of iriuuarchs nnd prelates were interred within tho walls of n fntte (a pructico repugnant alike to S. Stvithiu and Lord Palincrsloo), which ilicy were sup posed to hallow, aud much profit accrued to the church from the pilgrimages of the faithful to a favorite shrine. Indeed, popular saints were of much greater value dead than alive, and in more than one instance have their remains been iniracttlonsly mul tiplied ill order to supply the public demand fur sacred relics. Tbc English Refomjatiuu and the ravages committed by the Icouoobists in that comitry dur ing the succeeding century have almost obliterated relics, and alas ! with them ittanv worksof art, uever to be replaced, and wars nnd tumults ltuve worked to the sumo end on the continent. The spoils of Malta wero ravished only to be lost for ever iu Abotikir Bay, at the battle of the Nile, and similar bavoc wus wrought iu Gerraauv during the thirtv years war. At Milan still exists n sepulchral treasure, probably unequalled for costliness in the world at the present time ; the contents of the casket enclosing tho remains of Snn Carlo Borroinco. Within a chest of emltosscd silver, the side of which rises ou the application of a key, lies a receptacle of the purest rock crystal, the gift of the King of Spain, contain ing tho ghastly relics of the saint, arranged in his archiopiscopal robes and bedizened with jewels. Suspended over liis breast is u cross, presented by tho Empress Maria Teresa, re puted to bold the finest nnd largest emeralds in tbe world. San Carlo Borroinco died in 1584, so that the sarcophagus now in tho crypt of Milan Cathedral was not constructed until 150 years later. Napoleon, who completed the west front of the cathedral, probably spared it for state reasons, intending that Lombardy should soon become an integral part of Frauce. The mugnificenoo of tbe coffer and its contents furnish ample food for reflection on the contra dictions and mutability of human affairs. Tho cardinal whose ashes repose iu this magnificent fashion shortened liis days by indefatigable labors and uusterities: and, although compelled by his uncle, Pope Pius IV. (Cardinal de' Medici) to live in splendor, was a man of tho simplest tastes and habits ; while tbc daughter of tho mighty empress, who contributed to his sarcophagus its chicfest ornament, perished miserably on the scaffold. The superstitious observances ot savage and semi-savage nations in disposing of their dead aro dictated partly by fear nnd partly with the view of serving tho defunct in the next world. Thus the Cabuucs throw n red hot stone after the corpse, nnd the Brandenburg peasants pour a pail of water after it to prevcut its ghost re turning. Tbc Pomeranians Icavo straw out- siclo the premises as a bed for the spirit, and the Australian aborigines formerly tied to gether the bauds of tlic corpse aud extracted the nails lest it should scratch its way out of the earth again. The natives of New Guinea, on the other hand, suspend their dead in the interior of their huts, and preserve Ihcin as long ns possible. Until the practice was sup pressed by tile British Government, tho widow of a Hindoo committed suttee, and anciently the Japanese caused twenty or thirty of bis slaves to commit suicide on the dentil of u man of rank. In Madagascar large sums of money are buried with a prince for his use in the next world. Whether the introduction of the 49th psalm by the missionaries aud its teaching will work a reform in flie direction of economy in that country remains to he seen. The subject of sepulture lias occupied many writers, both descriptive and philosophical. I'orcacchi, Murct, Feydcau, Dulton and Baucroft havo treated respectively of the customs of ancient and modern nntions, Bengalese nnd American Indians : and Herbert Spencer, taking tho matter from another point of view, lias en deavored to trace all funeral rites to otic source. Much, however, remains to be done iu this direction, and tvmbology (to coin a word) may take its place hereafter with philology ami ethnology in unravelling the prehistoric story of iiiun. While ostentations snobbery in funeral rites cauuot be too severely reprobated, tbe utili tarian outcry against sumptuous expenditure iu sepulchral monuments, whether taking tho form of a tomb or a cenotaph, is senseless and stupid. . It is these structures, erected possibly from unworthy motives, thnt bave handed down to us much that is precious in art and valuable iu history. The mighty pyramids, at once the grandest and the most imperishable luimau work on the face of the globe, were un doubtedly sepulchres, although, us Piozzi Smith and others somewhat fancifully assert, they may have combined with this pnrposo a standard of measure or an astronomical guide. The tomb of Mausolus, Kiug of Cariu, part of whicli has been deposited _ in the British Museum, was in its day reckoned one of the wonders of the world. The Taj Mclial at Agra and the tombs of the Caliphs at Cuiro, decayed sadly, like the power which owns them, aro exquisite specimens of Mnliouimedan art, which may lie compared with the beautiful Eiouuor crosses nud other English monumental work iu the best period of the decorated style. The Cathedral of St. Paul's, Wren's owu monu ment, is tho finest specimen of the Cinque Cento style in England. Coming down to modern times, tho Albert Memorial may ba cited as a work which, although not possessing great originality, is a magnificent specimen ot the technical skill of workmen of the nineteenth century, and which, besides giving employ ment to hundreds of artisans, lias done much to revive sculpture nud the art of working in metals, which bid fair to bo lost in tbo utilitari anism of bridges and railway stations. Stripped of idle pomp aud vulgarity, a funeral is a just mark of respect, as it is the last that can bo puid, to a good man, nud a noble monument is a distinct, benefit to mankind. 