Oar Telegraphic Muddle. HOPELESSLY INCURABLE INCAPABLES. The sooner that a thoroughly impartial and drasti cally searching inquiry . into . the eeninrable incapa city of our telegraphic system the better will it be for the community in general and the credit of the telegrapHo department in particular. There is something radically wrong with a system that so ignobly collapses as does our telegraph department, whenever there is anything approaching a demand made upon its rssonross. So sure as the head-office is subjected to that which is beyond the ordinary run of .business, so sure do the officials get mixed in almost interminable confusion, and exhibit unpardonable delinquency. Did this occur at but distant intervals, an excuse might be ? accepted. Bat to the disgrace of the office sad the misfortune of the public, this unenviable testimony of culpable incapacity is of such recurrence that i&ose; who have to deal largely with the department know to their chagrin that they must, in making arrangements, allow-* for the state of chronic lethargy that seems . to have unmoveably settled upon 'the department. The offioe is hopelessly wanting in latter day alacrity, and the attributes of business-like jpromptitude. Not a ghost of an excuse oan be offered for the blunders o? the paralysed system. The heads of the department have been warned, but to no pur pose. It seems that nothing short of a clean sweep of the fossilised relios of an antiquated system will effeot the purpose of ridding the public service of such a nightmare of inertia, as is at present exemplified in our telegra phic department. Last Saturday was another grand opportunity for the officials of the department to display their inability to grapple with a pressure of business. It was a big race day in Melbourne, and it is almost needless to say that the officials of the department again proved themselves to be an ' association of hopelessly incurable incapablss.' Upon an average it took the department about three-quarters of an hour to transmit a message from Melbourne and to deliver it in our office. As the day wore on, and aB.it beoame more urgent that in creased smartness should be shown, the department went in for a little 'left-handed progress.' The messages hung fire more than ever. Thus one of onr messages which was dispatched from Melbourne at 5.36, did not reach the Sydney offioe until 6.32, whioh after making allowance for the difference in the time in the two places, leaves a margin altogether out of proportion with the time that should be oooupied in the transmission of a message. But the cause of complaint does not end here. For soste unknown reason the message was not dispatched from the office until eight minutes after its receipt, and it was not delivered at our offioe until eight minutes later, and thus the message occupied nearly an hour to get trom nieiDOurne wj our uiuuo. In another case a message that was received at 6.37 did not leave the telegraph-omoe until thirteen minutes after, and in another case nearly a quarter of an hour was wasted between the receipt of the message and its dispatch from the office, and then the messenger took twelve minutes to travel from the post-office to Market-Btreet. These are instances of Government energy and enterprise with a vengeance. 