THE BENDIGO ADVERTISER (PUliLlSUED DAILY.) PllOdilSSSIOX, OUR 11IGUTU, AND OCK IIE20U3.C53, S4X.DHURST, MOyDA Y, JUNE'JI, 188S <J?B£ AGRICULTURAL SHOW ,<•'l?OUND. ' It is a pity thai < the ii^rovement of that valu&bla; part of tho city rcger-v.j ^y the Agricultural Society should not k^vei received a greater ■ amount of attention than ; has hitherto been bestowed upon it. It ia quite capablo of buing made not only a pleasant place of resort for the citizens, but also a very good ground for, tho holding of sports of various kinds. Its distance from the hpart of the city ia not bq great as to prevent people from stioiling ao far, and as regards sporting affairs, crowds are often attracted to tho Back Creek Cricket Ground, which is more than double the distance, and is far more out of the way. The fact is it is not the inconvenience of tho situation, but the desolate, shelterless condition of ihe ground which prevents people "from visiting It. But a very different 'state; of. things would prevail if the means were placed at the'disposal of'' Mr: 'Gadd 'to'effect tho orna-' tion and general improvement1 of the land. Lako ■ •;-Weeroona-' and.' <thof ..Botanical Gardens at Epsorii have'many visitors from Sandhurst, notwithstanding the length, of road to be-travelled in order to reach them. . Many, people'find' their way for amusement to the Crusoe and Spring Gully reservoirs, the distanco of which from the city is ratlier an advantage than otherwise. What is chiefly wanted is something,to see (aiid ' admire at the journey's end. It is nonsense, therefore, to talk of the out-of the-way position of the Agricultural ground. It. is true that the Upper'Reserve is the favorite place of the sporting clubs, and it would be a work of time and money to make tho".. Agricultural ground equally fitting for their purposes. But the erection of. a grandrstand, primarily for the purposes of | the agricultural shows, together .with other contemplated improvements, • would speedily have the effect of attracting " our boys " to the neglected; site, on■ tlie .other side of Park-road. Some of the clubs, we understand, experience disappointment when they have scratch games in view at finding the Upper Reserve occupied' by rival bodies for the afternoon. It may be.asked, then,' wliy there bIiouM not be two grounds ■ in which athletic game's may be pursued, whilst, at the same time, the pleasure of tho citizens would .be provided for, and the advancement of the Agricultural Society secured. We are satisfied, therefore, that the coun cil.'will take a wise, step in. making. tho most that can possibly' be made of this portion of the reserve."' The society are willing to do all in their power to assist in tho permanent ■ improvement of the ground, and - as every thing that is'done in that direction will be for the benefit of tho ratepayers, the council will-riot be wasting funds in promoting the work. As a matter of fact it is a duty of our local government to improve the public. property by every possible means, ana u certainly is not right that a highly im provable piece of land within, five minutes walk; of the Mall, and closely adjacent to the uppor and lower reserves should bo allowed to lie waste. The consequences hitherto liaye been highly detrimental to tho interests of; tho Agricultural and Horticultural Society. This- consideration alone is of much importance to the citizens, for tho shows of the society have the effect of. draw-: ing numbers of visitors to Sandhurst, who 'would probably never have come near it otherwise, and would therefore not have en joyed the opportunity of gaining a personal knowledge of the pity and; its surroundings.' As' one of those surroundings, it may be ob served by the way that the' agricultural gvpund is not calculated to give them a very, favorable impression'.of,our urban precincts. It will always be,to the advantage of Sand hurst to make the public lands pleasant and1 attractive, and to oiler every inducement to: strangers to ropeai their visits. It makes all the difference in the world to such persons wh'ether a day is spent in a delightful man ner, or miserably from exposure to the heat; or bold, without anything of beauty in the natural or artificial Btiite of the Ioeahty for: the memory-to dwell upon, with satisfaction.i Apart .from the good which is done to trade, by;a periodical influx of visitors, iit has to bairemembored that the Agricultural Society itself does much for the city by the' promo tion of''the. farming and' horticultural in terests in tlio adjacent districts. The allows of that society are not'be talked of or dealt with as if thoy were merely of a passing theatrical . kind, 'having no other objopt than the amusement of , spectators. They are' productive of ari incalculable amount of permanent good to: the ever-increasing ad jVantage both of the; farming districts aiid of thife city." In every point of view from which the matter can be regarded, it is ex tremely desirable that the improvement of the ground 'should be proceeded with as speedily as possible. It is gratifying to find that' this feeling is entertained by a majority of tho councillors. Tho qitostjoji of tho orection of a grand-stand in time for the next Spring Show is to be considered at a conference with tho finance committee ul tho Bociety, and as tho latter body is willing to boar a third of the oxpense, it is difficult to understand why there should be any op position to the proposal. Gold, • Calls and Dividends.—The cold yields on Saturday, wero very good for tho o£E week," tho total bainR 8.250 ozs. The list was headed by a fitiu yiold of 72!i oza from the Golden Pyke. The other principal yields v/eto Lansell's " 180," 303 oza; Bruhn'a Tribute, 301 oz~; Frederick the Great, 24S ozs; HerculoH, 218 ozs; Lady Bnrkly, 155ozs; No. 20 Tribute, 12ooza; and North Johnson's, 119 ozi. Thora wore four divi dends— Golden Pyke la Gd, l'Vedoiick the Groat lu, and Bruhn'd and Hercules 6d each—tho total boinpr A.'4 ,S25. Tho week's calls amount to £2,X>:>. The Late AuciiniajJOP Goolt).—At all the mssses in St. Kiliun'j Pm-Cithedral yesterday it woa announced that an office and Jiilf.ii(>? requiem mass would bo calobrated at eiijht o'clock to morrow morning for the repose of tho soul of Iht lato Archbishop Goold. Tho ceremonies in con nection with the iiiu will bo of au imposing nature. The Juvenile and Inddstrial Exhibition.— J.{c P. Phillies, secretary to the 0'uvanilo and Industrial Exhibition, hr»3 received a letter from the Governor'u private secretary, iutimating that Sir Henry Loch will accord hja patronage to the exhibition in October nr#t. Fkom £18,000 io £S3,2.?0 i» T?V Days.—The immense rise in L:izirtis stocksrecently Is an ayent worthy of special notice, as s'low.n^the enoijnoui profit which can tometimoa br made in mining evon in these comparatively commonplace day.s in tho.Roldfield'B history. On Saturday tho combined value of tho bharos in tho two conipauies— Lazarus and Lazarus No. 1— reached ii/s, and as there are 45,000 shares in each company, f.his ropreaentu ftj-'J^SO,. whereas ton days previously the combined valuo was about 8s, or £1S,000. In Unking at the cause of the riso, a leaeon may be loarnt showing how neejssary [t is to prospect every formation discovered, and how uasily a good reef may bo missed. Whon an irregular cap loi - mation was pasged through in tho shaft at 1,07a feet, it wa3 considered of no value, and tl)o sinking was continued for 40 foot further. When it bacamo necosnary to timber tha shaft, tho mauaRor deemed it advisable to cut in a ljttli to sea what therocf was liko, and thus discovered good atone, which was quite unexpected by evcryona. The Al'stiialia:; Eleven. — Tho return matoh between tho Australian Blovon and the Gentlemen of Eneland ha3 boon productive of some heavy scoring on both Bides. Tho Englishmen scored 471 in their first innings, and the Australians -JS8. Jo jib; with 151 was the highest scorer, Jarvis 71 and Garrett j'J being next. In the second inninfs tlm Englishmen adored 105 only, but there was riot butticient time for tfoa Australians to attempt to score tho 89 runs necessary to win tl)o ojafccfi, To day tho A.uitraliiin9 will euoo.intov the flayers of England at Nottingham. . Cadet ParadjI at Eohuoa.-=»A paracje of the 1st Battalion of Cadets was hold at Eahqiia on Saturday, under Major Palliser, the officer com manding tho battalion. The following' schools were represented : —1Golden snijare 3i!, under Major PaUisar; Camp ,HiU 42, Qaptnjn Jlognrs; Gravel Hill 31, Lieutenant Leach; Quarry Hill 33, Lioutoaant Mungovan; ICancraroo Plat 17, Lieutenant Robin; Eaglehawk 3S, Mr lleriotj White Hills 20,Mr O'Brien; Echuca 4S, Mr H\rh horn; malting ft total of 8 officers and 261 cadets. On arriving st Eolsuc;) the "assembly" was sounded by Bu?lov Grant nf ths whan the boys wero drawn up into four companies ijnd marched to a spot about 200 yards from the station, followed by a largo number of spectators. Tho following movomonts v/ara then performed Wheeling from column into lino, general siluto, breaking into column, column moving to a fiaul: in fours, column wheeling in fours, all of which were vety creditably performed, considering that it wn tbenrjfc time such a number of .'.he boys had been drilled together, TIlS Mayor of Echue;.. Mr Martin, who was present during t])a ffljojp parade, took a very lively interest in tho pro ceedings, and at the close invited tho ofiicors and tho whole of tho battalion to partake of his hospitality. Tho '.boys wero then marchec" through tho principal streets to the Town Hall, where . the uuyor addressed a few wcrdi; of praiso and encouragement to them from t>!;o ctppi.' Kaqlt c^mpauy then entered the hall v/hera Mr'Hafl^h^'ra' !-ai>'jriuiqndo.'l the dis tribution of th'o good things i')r<}V£<3e,4 by the mayor. Whilst the wants of tho boys wfera belng'atteifde'd to; the mayor entertained thn officers in his room, thorn beioK also present, Mr J.T. Browu, M.L A., Mr Conant (the ex-mayor), tho town clerk, and some others, Tho "assembly", again called the boys t?j?other, and thfjr wore for t(isir return journey. As the train moved off ringing cheers wore given for tiio muyor, Mr Oonant, and liie other gentlemen who contributed cowards tho enjoyment of the youngsters, and it is needless to sc.y tbbt the day will bo long remembered by all. Such, outings will greatly Und to popularise the cadet movement, which has been taken up by somo of tho schools with grent enthusiasm; and it is hoped that on the next occasion every boy will appear in tho uniform of the.battalion. . The New Hebrides Question.—According to & late telegmm tho French Minister has directed that if the Fronch flsg has been hoisted over tha ifewHebrides it is to bo pulled down.. Our Mel bourne correspondent writes Evidently the men who havo the destinies of L* Belle Franco in their hands at the present moment realise that it would be risky to take tho' - islands against the wishes of Great Britain and the colonies, honco the direction to tho authorities at "Now Caledonia. Mr Glad stone may lio a temporizer and a peace-at-ariy; price man, as his opponents say In is, but French Statesmon ••• are ;p-obably enlightened enough to know that there is a certain point beyond which it might be dangerous to co, and that the New Hebrides are Hot worth fighting about. T112 Castlehainb r0ST>i,\STF.n.—After a period of 'service extending over a quarter of acuntmy, in connection with the local ofHce (writes o»r Castlemnina corresp. ndent), Mr Green, the post master, has decided to accept n promotion offered him by the department, and will leave this district during the ensuing month. Mr Green, on leaving 'Castlemoino, ivill take the position nf an inspector of post and telegraph offices, and will in future re side in the metropolis. St Paul s Church.—Tho sorvic33 at this church yesterday were conducted in tha morning by the .Rev J. Garlick and in the evening by the Kev A. MacCtilly, No special reference was made to the accession of Her Majesty Quoen Victoria to the throne, except the usual prayers for the welfare of the Royal family. At the conclusion of the even, ing service Miss Steane played the National 1 Anthem on the organ, The text of the Kev Mr Gnrlick's discourse in the morning was the 19th verse of the 2Sth chapter of the gospel of St Matthew—"Go ye, therefore, and teach all nations, baptising' thom in the name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost." In the ovening tho Rev. Mr MacGully preached on the "Blessed Trinity." He : referred to tha unity of three persona in one God, and the particular significa tion attached to tho number three by the philoso phers before the coming of Christ. Tho doctrine of the Trinity was tha fundamental part of the church's faith. The Holy Father in framing the creed did not mean that they should interpret the namo Father in the ordinary acceptation of the term. It was meant as the head of the Deity. They could not understand the nature of God. It ■was far above their comprehension. It was not strange that God's nature should be a mystery to us when wo knew so little about our own. God the Father made us, God the Son redeemed us, ■and God tho Holy Ghost sanc.ified us. In con clusion, he tirgad his hearers to live aud abide by this faith, which was the essence of their religion. lNSUr,TiN"Q Behavior.—On Saturday evening. Constable Nawlnn arrested a young man named John Thorton, who was behaving himself in an insulting mannor in the Mall. Tho dofendant will be brought before tho City Bench this morn 'ing. ■ JjOCkwood and Mauong Water Race.—Wo learn that tho surveyors reached L ckwood on Friday nftornnon. Thoy found whea thoy readied the gap on the Crusoe road 'on Tuesday mat meir level was 31 fe*jt below the crown of the hill, which would have to ba tunnelled to get through.' It was then decided to try the level on the Sand hurst aide of tho ranges, and it came out at a gap in tho ranyo at the back of Mr Broadway's resi dence. A small branch Tace will be taken back to supply'tho gardens tip the crook, and the main race will run parallel with the Bullock Croek to Marong, which place will be reached by the sur veyors in about a fortnight's time. • Obstructing the Footpath.—A young man named John Bnmford was; arrested by Constable Meehaiv on Saturday evening for obstructing the footpath in the Mall, and refusing to move oil when ordered'to do an :■ Ho was subsequently bailed Out tit appear atlhe City Court to day. . • The Quiglky Family.—A petition was reoantly got'up, asking that'in the case of the late Edward Quigleyycrier at the Supreme Court, the retiiing allowance to which he would have been entitled, should be' paid to the family.: The petition was presented by the hon. H,. Burro was, M.P., and lie has'received the foHowiug reply "Crown Law Offices^Melbourne, 18th:.fune, 18S6.—Uentlemer, —Referring to your po ition duted> the 12th of April last, asking thac the children of the late Edward Quigley may be allowed one month's pay for-every year of their father's sarvica, I am directed by the Attorney-General to- iaform you that he lias given every' attention to the' matter, and in view of the deliberate decision of the Legis lative Assembly in & like case at Sandhurst, a* re ported in Hansard, session 1884, pages 1,'217-lS and 2,-ISO, and 2,537, he has not been able to place on the estimates an item which would give offset to yoar request.—I.'lmve the honor to be, gont.emen, your obedient servant, R. O. UarBIMaK,' secretary ti tlieLvw department.".' . - A Magisterial Inquiry.—A case which at first sight presented some' rather suspicious features was reported to the district coroner on Saturday by Constable Farrell, of the White-hills police station. At an early hour on Friday morning a young woman named Annie Kuhlken, about 18 years of age, was confined of an illegiti mate child at the residence of her employer, Mr F. Stuckenschuiidt, senior, at the White-Hills. She stated that the father of the child was F. Stuckenschmidt, junior, who is about 16 years of age. The girl had been ill since the 15th inst, but did not keep to her bed continually. About 7 o'clock on Friday evening she told the reputed father that she had given birth to a child, and had concealed the body in her box in her bedroom. She did not hear the child cry after it was born. A daughter of Mrs Stuckenschmidt's, about 11 years -of age, slept in the same room with the girl Kuhlken, but did not hear anything unusual. On Saturday afternoon Mr Strickland held a magis terial inquiry on the body of the infant at Mr Stuckenschmidt's residence. The evidence of Annie Kuhlken, the mother of the child, Mrs Stuckenschmidt and Louisa Stuskenschmidt bore out the facts as stated above. F. Stuckenschmidt, junior, an employe at the Epsom pottery, deposed that he never knew there was any thing the matter with Annie Kuhlken until he returned home from work about seven o'clock on Friday evening, whan she told him of the birth of the child. He never knew that she was enciente. Dr.Eadie, senior, deposed that he had been called in on Friday, and fonnd that the girl had been recently confined of a fully matured child. It was quite dead. Hearing the history of the case he refused to give a certificate of death, and reported the mattor to the police. He made a post mortem examination of the body and was of opinion that it was stillborn. A verdict was re corded to the effect that the child was still-born, and that no blame was attributable to any person. Dtt GuiN'Nifsa' SPKOIAr. SERVICES —Tho interest which ha9 been manifested in the evangelistic ser vices carried on during the past two or three weeks by Dr Grattan Guinness in conjunction with Dr Portor of tho Baptist Church continues. Last evening tito tli&aU;'O W'.O pi&minad; from fliW to ceiling, and it is . reckoned tlmfc fully a thousand paople had to bo turned away. Br Guinness de livered au eloquent and impressivo oddreas, taking his text from Jeremiah, 8th chapter, 20th voraa— " Tho harvest is pa1)'." Thia evening Dr Guinness will deliver his farewell lecture in the Baptist Church, Hargreaves street, comiaeucinj; at 8 o'clock. Tjie subject of tho lecture is "The lite and labors of the Rev H. Grattan Guinness, I'.K.G.S.,'1 and it contains boieo interesting infor mation with regard to missionary work, and tho poverty of outcast London. Aduii-nion will be free, but there will bo a special collection. The NuwroitT Workshops.—According to the Herald a number of officers of the R:vilway depart ment visited the now workshops at Newport on Saturday. After l)a?jng minutely inouegted tho whole area of the gigantic buildings;, thpy expressed much satisfaction at the progress mada by the con tractors. Tho only portion of the work yet ap proaching completion is the offices, which will be iiniahed in s YOry short tiijje. A fajr start his been maao •.yit.U toe oilier poisons, b'^t, of course, owing to the great extent of the undertaking, it will not be finished for a long time. The plans for machinery and boiler arrangements were also ex amined and discussed with the locomotjvc sujiarin toudent and Ifls assistant, tip superintendent being asked to definitely recommend a list of what was required, including tho adoption of iydrauiic power for the manipulation and movoment of roll ing stock. On tha whole thp Cornmiasioseis were well satisfied with the result of tbeir lnstiec ion. RoVAt HtWANE Society. —<fho annual distri bution of the madals qf ' tho lloyivl Humane Society of Australasia ^yill be made by His Ex cellency Sir H. B. Loch in tho Melbourne Town hall t|)is evening. A Ccuioua Oass. —Tho Adelaide correspondent of the Aufi reporta : -Mrs Amy Thompain, the wifo of Dr Thompson, the visiting medical officer of the Yatala labor prison, was committed for trial on Friday for a misdemeanor, which conaintol in forging tha signature of Lady Ivibblesdale to a telegram engaging the services at a woman named Llt'iejohu. The latter, ou putting her-elf to con siderable inconvenience and expense, found herself the ' victim of fabrication. Tho defenoe is understood to bo mistaken identity. The Ml'mat Ikv.aty.—1Tho I> tihj Telegraph 'says Communications are still pisaim* between :he J'reti;ie.r «qd the Government of^So^th Australia over thq Miirray RiySf tfpnty. Sn^tl] Australia was not represented, aor was uhe invited to tho conference which wis recently held in Sydney between tho Water Supply Commissioners of Vic toria and New South Wales. Mr Gillies hc.3 re. plied to llr Dijiyner'a last letter,protesting against the eifoluai'itj of \\)is ivilony' from tha treaty, and tho South Australian Premier has laid on the t ibie of h^ Assembly all the correipoedence that has passedj but the Victorian Premier vpyy naturally declines to make his reply public till it has reached j\lr Downer's hands. Mr Gillies froely rocogijisos that any misunderstanding with South Australia would seriously jeopardise tha GovoramanVs irri gation prqpqsulj. Amkbihkop Gaaui ivi 1S38.—'The subjoined ex tract from Dean Kenny's recently- published " H'is tory of the Progress o£ (Jatho'icity in Australia," motions' the hitoreutlng oirg':mst.iao33 uider which the late Archbishop Goold decided on mak ing this part of the world tiia ncsnet of hii future career:.—"The first iliappy result of Dr Ul'a thorne'a endeavors to obtain missionary priests in Europe for Australia wa3 the ariival in tho Upton Caijtlo on 24th February, 188S, of two pvbsta aucj twobficloaiast'mul li'.qdent?, Thesvjigahipbrcught tho new Governor, Sir Geo.'sa Gipps. Tho two pioneer missionaries v/^ro the Rev John Brady, an' experiencsd 'and prudent priest, who had boon for 19 years a missionary in tho island of the Mauritius: and the Key .Tames Goold, a young priest ot the order of St Augustine, lately ordained, who camo . direct from his monastery in Italy, wliara he lud prasccutcd his Rtiidjes. Dr> Ullathurne firjt met him on itsiis ot St Avja^UnVa CLuriih, ia ihe Wazia del Popolo', at' lin'tue, ana induLid him to labor on tha Australian mission." Bishop Ullathorne, wlio first'visited Sydney in 1832, and Melbourne in 183a, fcti'i'i survives .as , tha veteran Uishoj) of PirrolpRhatD, in-England. Alldnsaga of Catuiili'is in the home country recently unite 1 i-T7 ■' ~ ing demonstration in bis honor on tl.» ,Sn his attuiuing his fcOth year. Stealing PlGEQ.N-d.~Ou Saturday ni„rPr lads named Louis Johnson -.mi i£dv.-~, 1 iV were arrested by the polite for'-'t^r pigeons, the property of Mr Muel'er~ J"VI strent. Subsequently they were b-on't. the bench at the City Court, ami reWw4 to-day. '' ' — EsciNK-DRIVERS* ASSOCIATION'.— .\ this. association was held at liaii-e'i', r Hotel, Mitchell-streo.t, or. Sutuniny F. Boys was in the cluir, and there v.- la J tendance: The secretary reported [i, .f, Carlton, one of the mombors, had mVt accident, and was suffering from a CnIltn., i JlessM'Boys and Wilson were appointed*'; on:hiiu. One nomination for i.ieinhoj],;, ceived. It was resolved on the n!nti„n r,fl tj'jf u'' j£ rotary, seconded by Mr Wilson, that \U l Brassy, from Castlemaiao, be accepted in a -]V £ ance mowbar. Other routine btMitwai acted, ami the meeting closed. City Court.—Tho pr«»Winft justice* ... * court on Saturday wero Messrs M. Rund/l ""} * H. B. Anderson. A young man named \Villf, ; Hunter was charged at the instance of ,V1 JTorestal with lunacy. Drs Cnlqnhoun and Iv.'''8 sb^nk certified tint he was from r. i:.,;'1'""" ■ mania, and recommended that he be scut to '.i1 Kow Asylum. A man named David Lcu.it^, ' also charged with lunacy, l)r Golqu.i.mn that tho defendant was under the iu^.,niJ rJelu"*; that soma parson was alwayH whistli;p a,ud h$ could not work in con-wrjvi^ij^ }»"' attribute11 his complaint to some bad drink »vh''s hp had taken ab 'Ut two months ago, The ■ recommended that he be sent to the Ke-.v Aav'uVi' This was accordingly done in both case;. * "' AN Anglican Clergyman- on the Knuc>T.^v 1 Aoi.—The iiev J. Allen, of St Mary's ChVeS Woodend, has a long loiter in Saturday's Kvnct'n Observer, discussing the Education Act s'r,d i-1 working. He declares that after seven years |\m\ 1 work in the matter, he is convinced" ihu voluntary system of religious instruction in stata schools is a failute. He concludes as follow*-.. We must have scriptural instruction a? part "of the ordinary curriculum of the schools. V/e have the schools opened and closed with praver" ■ Aud tho sooner this is done the botte:; fur V;t'^ atl that has been said about tho State iclw„i teaching not being Godless, it is certain that it ^ Christies*, and to my iniud that is tantamount t , Godlessness. 01 course tho Roman grievance then has to be considered. I have thought this matter carefully over, and much as l abhor tho heresies of that communion, I cannot but think that the grievance complained of is a valid one. By :i]j means let them have the grant to which they arn justly entitled, only let our Protestant childtta have tho Biblo. If it be urged that a giant cannot be made to tho Romanists without reverting >., denominationalism, then I say let ua revert to it • ' Fiat juslitia ruaI ac'-tim 1 'Xwero f.ir better to go back to that system than to let our children grow up in the God'ess atmosphere that surrounds tho present Education Act." The Soi-Disant Lieutenant, — It'will bo re. membered that, two or tluoi weeks ago, a man who stated that his namo was Henry Dniiield, and that ho was an ex- lieutenant in the Uuzws, \vm arrested by the Sandhurst detectivcs onac!mg>0f having stolen money belonging to a young mm named Manly at the ICyuettm Coffee Palace, Tha accused had obtained somo little notorietv thrrwr.1. his actions whan coming out to the colony in the 8.3. Chimborazo. The prisoner wa3 acquitted on the charge of1 larceny, but within a week h<j haa turned up at Elmora. Ha called at Mr Phillip Pylo's house and represented that ha was a tailor out of employment, and that his name was Robert Henry. Mr Pyle purchased some cloth, and set the man to make a suit of clothes. On Friday morning 1>3 suddenly disappeared, and subsa quently it was found that ho had stolen £4 out ot the house. Information was given to Mounted-con stable Salts, and that officer aftsr making <iua in quiries, tracked the man along the Caucasus for several miles, when he ultimately overtook him at si small public house. The prisoner was taken back to Elmore, and on Saturday morning tha above facts wera deposed to at the local (joike court. Mejsrs Sluo and Pook sentenced him to six months' imprisonment in tha Sandhurst gaol. AN Jnwilijn'Q Witness.—William Bums, tha young man who has eviuced a decided olfaction to appear as a prosecutor and witness in the c.y-g in which I'anny Deebla is chargoi with stabbing him, was presented at tho City Court on Saturday for being an idle and disorderly person havin.; no visible means of support. The charge seems to have been preferre 1 as a. last resource to c;mi|>cl , Burns to give evidence in the case which wil'. be heard on Thursday next. Sergeant Fahey asked for a remand until the date mentioned, and tlu accused was questioned as to whether he had any objection. Ho replied that he had only been in the city two weeks, beforn which time ha was iu constaut employment,and he could not understand why such a sharga had been preferred against hi:n. Th« remand was granted. lvimy Lahokny.—An elrUrly man named ,7an'« Winn was charged at tho City Comt on .Saturday with the larceny of a paic.it boots, valued at O'M, the 'property of William Soott, a bixitmakev, in Hiugro.ivas-stroet, Complainant nt:il.»d that rn Friday last the prisoner was heard by him to imil a\vny tho boots from a fuitoning runr the du.tr, and walk away with them, 1! o want after him, and'found tha boots in hi» possesion. He tno.'i gave defendant in oharge. The accused said (hit he was under the inflneiic} of drink nt tho time, ami did not know what he. was (tiling. He hvi never been before tho co,urt on any p.-avious sion, and was sorry for his conduct. He wji sen tencad to sevan days' imprisonment. A Pr.axvKo^iN't. As3ouiat;ox rou CahtlklaIxe. —..Onr local correspondent writes The r^idenU of this district ara gradually realising Oie facttli.it unless they take some nnited action in prosjieztio-: this goldlield, there is very little probability of outsido capitalist < ovinoiuy any desire to : esiti tate' the mining industry, which, at tha pirtent tiijie, U in a languishing condition. It. ia pleasing to uotjca that something like a practical attemjA is now being made to open lit) portions of this feHl which ara known to. ha cold-producing, and only require capital anc\ onargy to drvolop. On Satur day a nutflwausly-signod petition was aliiiost ready, tar presentation to tho mayor, who is thereby requested to callapublicmeetingatau early dato to forma systematically organised association, having for its aim tho prospaci'M.; of tha alluvial resources of the district, Tha basis of operations has yet tq hg Ouiia<dered and adoptod, but thrsa \yh,i have taken the initiative are prepared with a sehame embodying an adequate amount of capita!, and a' thorough system of carrying out tho of the rssociiition. The re.idents have aires, ly exhibited a deep interest i» the movemouc, an3 it is to be hopid that, the outcome will ho a revival of tjia. paramount industry in this neighborliooA OpDBT A LEXAN'DIlA A.O.J\—The quarterly sant Sonod meeting took plaoo on Xhu' -dny ovonin? :>.'z oyle's Excha^go Hotel, Br.i J. Kerr in theckiir, Th'i cn\^rt was nmr\aromly attended. Aitor di= iwsiuff of tha.biuhiesa relating to th?si::k brothers, the auditors'repo.t and balnnoa-ahev. t \«'.s remi, received and adopted. Tho election of officers suc ceeded, and the following hrothers were elected to the various positional—O.R., Bro H. Meyers, Bro J. Dicksonj S.W., Bro J. Kerr; J.W., Uro B. Ward; S.B., Bro S. Basil; J.B., Bro Thompson; secretary. Bro F. Co&tes;treasurer,B:o S.Beal'. BroTUos. HarbciiUo was elected delegate to tho ensuing district meeting. Tlio following brothers wore nominated for the various nihil** ia tho diatriot exjcntivoD.C.R., Bro K Coate.-; D.S.C.R.Bro H.C, Alger; D.B.BroJ.Cr.rraiclujl; D.S., Bro J. Waller; jb.T., BraThoj. Pu'.tiiuon. The newly elected ofF,C3?a ware duly iustailed. A vote of thanUa w;\s passed to the retiring oincer.-, and erocl'il mention was made of Bro J. Kerr, whoh,id filled tho office of C.B. most crcditr.bly for f.',vo years. The meeting cloied with tho Foresters' fir's. City Schools.—Mt Howard Haywood isaa. we are iufqftflecj^ hoan granted by tho Board pi Adyico, permission to exhibi". hia views of t'ie colonies in the State schools und"r tho city b >ard. These pictures arc descriptive of tV.a lar.d we live in, r.\id there ia no doubt thai the y t">£ M!; viio attend, will be well plea<ed with want they see and hear. Amongst thi views wliicli are to ha exhibited in a mraibcc showing t'10 wonderful terraces and boilir.g springs of Kolo mahar.a4 they wera before tho lato volcauic dis turbances. The exhihiijon \\.ill b« given m tho afternoons inatnad of tho night time, thus giviug the children, who would not be allowed out :;t night, an opportunity to attend. "W. Bradley and Sous, jewellers, Pull «ctv showing far the comius seafou a beautiful di>i'^v of (Umu^nd jewellery 4 comprising carriu.^s, brooches, locibta, aui bracelets of newest dcsUus. 