THE WEEK. If the list of candidates nominated for con stituencies formed any criterion of the results of the elections, the new Coalition Government would have had OTcry reason to be satisfied. Of the 166 named, there were 86 in favor of Coali tion; 34 in opposition, and 46 for tho indc- wkAttflnfif ISatat All fliA f!nn enrvo f S rno nn/1 most of the new men declared in favor of the Ministry, hut many also, who claimed to bo Liberals, gave in their adhesion to tbo faith as banded down by Messrs. Service and Borry to Messrs. Gillies and Dcakin. Conservatives fought against Conservatives, as at Momingtou, and Liberals contended with so called Liberals in Collingwood, Fitzroy, North Melbourne, Ballarat and elsewhere, until the selection became one of personal preference. Sir Chas. MacMalion retired from West Melbourno, not feeling strong enough to meet tho con stituency. His loss will not bo severely felt in tbo House, whero be always seemed like a fly in amber, and a puzzlo to himself and everybody else as to bow bo got there. Messrs. Nathaniel Levi and Kulpc allowed themselves to bo nominated. Those gentlemen resemble tho ghosts which visit certain families when a catastrophe is about to happen. They always show up at elections, but tbo disastrous conse quences generally fall upon themselves. Won derful to relate, we searched in vain for the younger Gauuson. Tho labor couditatcs, how- ovcr, Murphy, Bromley and others, present a new feature in election matters, and it must be con fessed to bo anomalous that llioy should all be found opposing genuino Liberals, who have dono yeoman sorvico to tho cause. T'co- total candidates wcro numerous, but tbo reli gious vote, especially that of tho Catholics, seemed kept in reserve and judiciously out of sight. Of old members seeking rcadmission to tho Honse there were several, tho mare promi nent being Mr. Langtoa for West Melbourne, Mr. Joseph .Tones for Belfast, and Mr. C. E. Jones for Ballarat city. Three more objection- able candidates it would bo difficult to mention. Mr. C. E. Jonos's antecedents arc so well known that to vote for him is equivalent tu approving tho most infamous conduct of which a public man or a politician can be guilty. Nothing could tend: more effectually to ren der the new coalition unpopular and open to tho . suspicion, of lurving a strong loaning to wards constitutionalism than the ill advised notion of Air. J. AI. Bruce nud his friends. At :tho instigation, douktloss, of certain wiro pullers, a meeting was held last week in the Exchange for . tbo purpose of Inking stops with a view ' of supporting tho Govern ment, and a . committee for that purpose was appointed, with n Mr. It. S. Wal polo as secretary. Bruco we kuow, but who's Walpolo, the public naturally exclaims, that ho should ho entrusted with the power and responsibility' of seeing that the electors vole as required by bis employers. This gen tleman, who appears to have supplanted Mr. Joseph Jones as the keeper of the Conservative political conscience might bo described as everything hi' general and nothing in particu lar. Ho first dawnod upon the colonial horizon as the clerk, assistant and factotum of Mr. Jules Jonbert and a Mr. Halfpenny, who were interested in promoting exhibitions. He was next beard of as a subordinate official at the Calcutta Exhibition, and wheu that private speculation had conic to an end ho took a similar position in connection with tho Vic torian Jubilee Exhibition, with which he remained only for a very short time identified. Then, after a certain inter val ive- find Mr. Walpolo as the sccrctnry of a grand project for taking up some millions of acres in tho northern territory for pastoral purposes, and to teach "young gentlemen" tho art of sheep breeding. The scheme fell through, liowovor, and tbo gentleman in ques tion transferred his services to the Wool Growers' Association. It is necessary to sup ply this information in order that the public may -understand who's Wnlpole. It must he clear that his interests no less than his sym pathies arc like those of Mr. Brace, and the promoters of tho Coalition Committee, entirely with tlioCousorvative section of the Cabinet. Tho movomcut is wholly dovolcd to an effort to keep Air. Gillies in his position as Premier, nud lit mi nTmnnrnnnft n f nnfrtnf 5 cm «i cnnlr fnitifitipnrft the country constituencies. The Coalition Com mittee is only another name for the Consti tutional Association. Conservatism iu Victoria must be welt nigh on its last legs, if to retain its vitality it is obliged to have recourse to sncli questionable methods. Of tlio various political speeches delivered in couucctian with the gouernl elections, that of Mr. Wrixon, the Attorney- General, is, un doubtedly, tho most remarkable. There was in it a pleasing absence of pinchbeck oratory, and the clatter of tho. amateur statesman. It was dignified, logical and, iu the main, convincing. Tho language was vigorous, and in parts even eloquent. He dealt with tho education question in a manner to command the respect and admiration oven of thoso opposed to his views. 1 ' Tho Educa tion questiou," ho observed, ' is the people's question, and it is one about which tboy cannot remain divided." What its real mcauing is lie thus truthfully and ably stated : — " Its real meaning is not a mere matter of book learning; not merely that boys and girls shall learn certain things, and get certain knowledge ; its real meaning is that wc intend, if wc can help it7 to IiaVe In these new lands no permanently ifarrrnriml fltifcftef clfltcoe it? ill rtltli?! lflflds constitute both the disgrace aud the peril of civilisation — that with us hopo comes to all, even to tho poorest — that each child born is given a chance, is humanised to some extent at least, so that if be sinks down nfterwards ho cannot blame tbo State for having never given him a chance of rising." Ho referred, as sup porting a system of education that admits of those of different religions sitting and studying sidp by side, to tho words of Daniel O'Counell in the House of Commons, when pleading for a national system of education in Ireland. Ho might have also pointed to the fact that Archbishop Whatcley and Archbishop Alurrny, the heads respectively of the l'rotcslant and Catholic Churches in Ihc country, sat together upon the first board ap pointed to organise tho new system, Tho chaugo which subsequently caino over the hierarchy of the Catholic Church may be easily explained, but ccrtaiuly tbo words quoted, aud tbo facts stated by Mr. Wrixon, carry over whelming evidence in support of tbo advan tages of free and unscctnrian education, such ns has been established in this colony. That the net will ho administered in its trao spirit by the present Government tliero can no longer be any possible doubt. Aft. Wrixon's assurance should bo sufficient. Few men possoss a cleaner political record. Ho is frco from vulgar intrigues for oflico or position. He seeks simply to bo useful — not so much to n party as to tho stalo ; and although ho may perhaps lack to some extent decision of charac ter, which is a gravo detect very often in a leador, yet, in his case, tho weakness seems to ariso from conscientiousness, and dread of doing injustico to nuy one. Afr. Dow's appointment as Minister of Lands and Agriculture is ono of tho most popular in connection with tho coalition Ministry. Per sonally ho is held in high esteem, and politically ho has never mado an enemy. Not that ho possesses merely negative qualifications for oflico, On tho contrary, ho bos always ex pressed his viows boldly and sensibly in Parlia ment whenever there was wrong to be righted or a grievance to be redressed. His' opinions wcro always folt bo honest, niid his strictures, however forcible, were inoffensive. In the Assembly he is a favorite, and, as he only addresses himself to subjects npon which he is regarded as an authority, his observations arc listened to with respect and interest. His experience and professional attainments in tho field of ngriculturo and kindrod topics mark him out as the right man in the right place. His speech to his constituents at St. Arnaud last Saturday was distinguished for its earnest ness and good temper. Ho mado a gallant defence of tho coalitiou. nnd afforded no ground for suspicion that lie was actuated by any selfish or unworthy motive in joining it. IIo honestly believed that Government by party must load to tbo renewal of tho bitter strife which provailcd in the past, whereas tho coalition mast give us peace, and its con comitant prosperity. Ho approves of an nlort aud strong Opposition, and simply draws tho lino at factious obstrnction. The laud ques tion may ho considered as virtually set tled for nil timo, but it is in relation to agri culture 'that he hopes to bo most useful. Ho will bo enabled, not only to facilitate the operations of . farmers desirous of turning tho soil of tho colony to the best advantage, but, by co-operating with Air. Deakin in adopting a general scheme of irrigation, his experience in America, his extensive acquaintance with the subject, and his steady application to business; will bo of the greatest value to tbo Government and to the country. Tho Factories and Workshops Statute, so far as regards limiting the hours during which shops shall remain open, lias been rendered ulmost a dead letter owing to the ncllou of the City Council. At the meeting held on Alon- day last the report of the committee appointed to draw up regulations under tho 40th section of the net was discussed nt considerable length. The measure authorises municipal bodies not ouly to allow shops to bo opened after seven p.m. provided a substantial majority of those interested in the trade shall petition to that effect, but nlso to fix tho maximum and minimum penalties for contravention of tho Act. Of the power thus conferred tho council took full advantage. Tboy granted permission to all who applied to keep their shops open as desired, and fixed the lino at Is. for tho first offence, and not more than 5s. for every subse quent conviction. As was'urged at tho meet ing of shop assistants on Alonday, this by-law- is iu coutcmpt of an act of Parliament, and is opposed to tho wishes of the general community. It, in fact, abrogates the law ; local bodies and municipal councils in the metro politan suburbs will no doubt bo guided by this decision, so" that wo may expect to seo all the shops closed by tho act re-opened for business as formerly. Tho action oi tnc uity Louucii may do explained by the fact that au impression prevails that closing up ot places of busiuess almost indis criminately inflicts a gross injustice upon many tradespeople, who must bo utterly ruined if ihc law as it stands is strictly enforced. Hundreds of small and struggling shopkeopers who employ none but the members of their own family cko out a precarious cxistcnco by transacting business iu the evenings. Their takiugs during the day are scarcely appreciable. Tbev have wholly to depend upon tho- business done between seven aud nine p.m. The working classes arc only enabled to shop during those Ttftitre mid tf ilio nvtcftiKY dticlnm itt oHap.hI fl»n small shopkeepers' occupation is gouc. Tbo matter cannot rest hero. Either t he law must be rendered more rigid or the legislature must pass au aincudiug act simply liinitiug the hours during winch employes shall bo kept in attend ance daily, leaving tho particular portion of tho twenty-four hours daring which persons may bo employed to private arrangement. — The presbytery of Alelbourue bus set itselt up ns u sort of bogus Holy Inquisition, charged with tho duty ot torturing all persons, clerical or lay, suspected in the smnllost dogreo of schism, nnd who will not bow to its despotic authority. Having had a grand autq-ik-fc, iu which tho llev. Afr. Strong figured as the principal victim, it now lurus its attention to Mr. Dods, just ns King Thcobaw, having dis patched his mother-in-law, deemed it expedient to - destroy nil her friends arid relations. Dr. Alorrisou, as ono of the familiars of this terrible tribunal, has been put forward, after tho fashion of the atieocatits Diaholos, to show cause whv the llev. Air. Dods should not re- ceive the call of the Scots' Church congrega tion. His grounds of objection may bo briefly stated as follows (1) Mr. Dods is not good enough. (2) Mr. Dods was a partisan of Air. Strong. (3) Air. Dods's preaching was vague and unsatisfactory. Now the first objection is obviously a matter of opinion ; tho second has been proved to bo erroneous ; nnd tho third should have been formulated and preferred at the time that Air. Dods was actively engaged in the discharge of his duties. To bring it for ward, as Dr. Alorrisou explained, at the eloventh hour gives rise to the suspicion that it was not only an after thought, but tho result of an actual conspiracy with certain mombors of the presbytery, such as might be concocted at ono of thoso holo-and-corncr meetings or caucuses to which allusion was mado at tho meeting of the presbytery on Tuesday. In- dcod tho whole schcino to thwart tho action of tho Scots' congregation was cvidoutly cut and dried. Provision was mado for filling the Scots' Church pulpit for somo timo to como, although it mast liavo been known to the presbytery tluit Afr. Dods had duly received the call. It is not for the laymen to' combat. the metaphysi cal nnd doctrinal distinctions drawn by Dr. ; Morrison in bis impeachment of AL-. Dods, who if ho .escape's from tho clutches of thoso modern Torquemadas may consider himself fortunate; but it is ; open to us and to the public to denouueo Dr. Morrison's conduct ns unworthy of a gentle man rind a Christian. Ho has acted the part of a spy and a tool. IIo has sat and listened for years to Air. Dods's teaching, and brought his scholars with hira to the Scots' Church, and yet mrido no formal complaint to tho congrega tion as a body or to- the presbytery, as lie should have done. For two years he had been meta phorically sneaking' round the Scots' Church pulpit, shot gun in hand, waiting for a suitable opportunity to dischargo its contents at tho devoted head of the luckless Dods. That ho was suborned to adopt this course there can scarcely bo a doubt, nnd if persisted in it must como to this, that no decent person will allow himself or bis family to remain identified with tho ecclesiastical clique who seoin to liavo registered ri vow that none but their own uoininec shall occupy tho Scots' Church pulpit, oven though a largo majority of tho worshippers have indicated an emphatic preference for Mr. Dods ns their pastor. The proposal to removo tho lightship nt pro sent, stationed off Glcnclg, from luolivcs of economy, is calculated to . shako public confi dence, not only in the financial stability of South Australia, but iu tho good laith aud common sense of the Government of that colony. They have already postponed federa tion, and, despite an agreement entered into with the Imperial authorities, luivo declined to contribute any longer to the subsidy granted by each of tho other colonies towards the es pouse of tho government of New Guiuen, although for tho last mentioned shortcom ing wo cannot seriously blame them. Now, however, for Ibo sake of saving about £200 per aunum tlioy propose to remove a lightship which is of incalculable importance iu facilitat ing the transhipment of the mails brought by the P. nud O. Co.'s steamers, every fortnight. The question of coast and linrbor lights is of general mercantile nnd international interest, and it seems imperatively necessary that federal notion should be taken to prevent any tamper ing with existing arrangements. The Govern ments of Victoria, Tasmania, und South Aus tralia have hitherto worked conjoiutly in such matters ns regards their ap proaches, aud the more dangerous points in Bass's Straits ; but the agreement it would appear, v.-as uot extended to lights \ within tho immediate li irbors respectively, and on the strength of this omission, South Austra lia proposes removing, the lightship referred to. Tho Victorian Government have protested, as well as the representatives of the P. ami 0\. Company, nud with sonic effect. No doubt a nnnnlrv .Itl'n on Su nnf rjmrlnrnrl amiable and accommodating by the conscious- ness of almost hclplcsss inipceuniosity. South. Australia has for the lust two years been feeling tho piuch arising from bad harvests, low prices for produce, aud general depression in trade until its revenue deficit amounts to nearly £1,000,000. Under such circumstances we should not be unduly censorious upon any efforts ihey may make to retrench expenses. What-wc think there is cause to complain of is that, in a matter affecting the interests of other colonies, a proposition should uot liavo beou first made to the Governments interested to pay a proportion of tlio cost of retaining tlio light ship off Glcuolg. By such au arrange ment no inconvenience could bo experienced and South Australia wonid be saved the re proach of ignoring her intercolonial and neigh borly obligations. Bishop Afoorhouse will on Monday next bo mado the recipient of an address and public tes timonial, on tho occasion of severing h's connec tion with Victoria. The presentation w'll bo mado with mingled feelings. It is satisfactory no doubt to tho Bishop's friends that his ser vices to the church of which ho is so distin guished an ornament should bo suitably recog nised by his translation to tlio Seo of AInncliestcr, bill they and the general community will deeply regret the departure from amongst them of one who had come tobe regarded in the light, not so much of the head of a particular denomination, ns of a popular intellectual force and public benefactor in tlie community. . But it is surnrisinir that a mau of such candor and indepcndcnco of thought, as Dr. Moorhouso claims to bo, should not have chosen to dcclltu a mitre in a church whoso liberty is still ro- strictcd by the fetters of State control, especially alter his nine years' cxpcricnco of tho glorioul freedom of au Episcopalian Church in a con stitutionally governed British colony. Had he seen his way to announce to the world .that he could not think of returning to tho bondage of an established church aflor tasting of the eweete of freedom in his present 'sphoro, his oamo would have gono down to posterity as that ol a roan of oxnltcd priueiplo. - As it is, he simply sinks to tbo coinmouplaco level of a clergyman who, immediately alter declaring that ho would never cxcliango his present Episcopate for another, clntcbes at Manchester, partly bocauso it is investedwilh loftier ecclesi astical prestige, and partly jboeanso it offers nearly fivo times bis present salary. H we are not to look for self-denying devotion to ptncfe plo from men wbo make 60 much pulpit an t platform noiso about purity of doctrine, wi mast despair of finding unselfish sentimen( in tho world at large. Thero is every reason to believe, however, that tho testi monial will bo worthy of the colonists. It bad been arranged to entrust the collection of subscriptions to two distinct agencies— one representing members of tho Church of England, and thc other the citizens generally ; but it was found that their operations clashed, and it was at once decided by them to amalgamate. This arrangement has been found to work satisfactorily. It has also been determined that Dr. Moorhouse shall not, as on a previous occasion, transfer the sum of money which may constitute the presenta tion to any local object or institution. The ob ject of the subscribers is that the Bishop shall possess during his life a souvenir of his connec tion with Melbourne — a souvenir of which ho may feel justly proud, and which his family may rcvero as an heirloom. Tho benefit of the Bishop's labors lias been experienced in tho country dis tricts no less than in the metropolis, and the recognition should be equally wide and ex tended. Indeed, if time had permitted, and sufficient exertion had been made, tbc presen tation, wo believe, would have assumed the character of a national gift. Much, however, can still be accomplished. Victorians are not ungrateful ; they can be even munificent. The decision of the I'rivy Council in tho caso of Taylor v. Barton, Speaker of tho New South Wales Assembly, must not be taken as affording lion, members any immunity from tho consequences of misbehavior while en gaged in the discharge of their Parliamentary duties. It possesses a technical rather than a constitutional significance. Mr. A. G. Taylor has gained for himself an unenviable notoriety for turbulence in the House at Sydney, and on ouc occasion tho Speaker, in tho cxerciso of what ho considered his legal powers, ordered the expulsion of tho hon. member from the Chamber for misconduct. Taylor brought au aciiou in the Supreme Court of the colony against tho Speaker for expelling hint, ami ob tained a verdict, against which Mr Barton ap pealed, with the result above stated. The Speaker, it appears, had exceeded his powers. The standing orders committee, not satisfied with providing for all difficulties that might bo foreseen, thought proper to add another in the following terms: — "In all cases not specially provided for hereafter or by session or other orders, resort shall be bad to the rules, forms and usages of the Imperial Parliament, which shall bo followed so far as tho same can be ap plied to the proceedings of this House." Sub sequent to the adoption of this rule, and prior to Mr. Taylor's restiveness, the House of Commons pnssed a scries of resolutions de signed to deal with Sir. Paruell's followers. Mr. Barton finding that the ordiunry stand ing orders did not enable him to punish Mr. Taylor, decided to act upon tho rule quoted aud enforco the newly adopted Imperial standing order. The questions were argued at considerable length be fore tho court, when their Honors ruled that " No standing order could authorise the adop tion of rules not then in existence, and that no Governor could givo his assent to them ; and that as the new rules of the House of Commons had not been specifically adopted, they had not been adopted at all, and therefore wore not in force. Secondly, they contended that the Speaker's power existed for the purpose ' of maintaining order, and not for tho purpose of punishing." This ruling has been upheld by the Privy Council, and its wisdom and reason ableness will hardly bo doubted. Ou the one hand it would bo a very dangerous and two- ' edged weapon to grant any Speaker an unde fined, unrestricted irresponsible authority to deal with all cases of alleged recalcitrancy. At tho same time, it would bo monstrous to contend that the Speaker shall not bo armed with sufficient power to maintain order and propriety during tho proceedings of Par liament. The question has an interest for us in Victoria. Mr. Gillies declares that the next session will bo a fighting one, and, possibly, resort may be had to stringent measures to pre vent obslructivcncss. Care should bo taken to: prevent our Speaker from committing tho error mode by Mr Barton. Last session a bill to consolidate tho law re lating to; shipping was introduced in tho Legislative Assembly j but. unfortunately it 'was not proceeded wilh. There are few now mensnres ' of more pressing importance. ' ' Tho , frequent,' and at times nppnilitig, disasters at tending- our coast and intercolonial . shipping trado only too clearly indicate the' defects of tho existing .system which in' almost every parti- c'nlar requires revision. Professional incompe- tency and utter disregard for life and property can alono explain many of the casualties which occur. Tho steam navigation boards are supposed to review all such accidonts and deal out punishment to captaius and officers of ships proved to be remiss In tho discharge of their duties, but those bodies, being mostly composed of retired shipmasters, seem inclined to bo lenient towards a "brother salt " in misfortnno ©no greni cause of loss is the impationce of captains to reach port, and to be able to boast ' of making tho quickest voyage on record. Thus Ihoy take short cuts, tax their engines to their ' almost capacity, and risk entering harbors at night, whilo taking anything and /everything tbnt offers in the shape of rnrgo. The escape of the Waihora from total . shipwreck, and the prevention of tho loss of many lives, was simply miraculous, as was shown during (he recent investigation. It was with ..fho object of saving a circuit of six miles that . ll'C stcamor was taken up the inner channel bc- .fwocn ihe Salamander and the Eucalyptus rocks. Sko struck the pinnacle of a submerged rock, which was broken sharp off bv tho forr.n of the collision to such a depth as to admit of tho after portion of the vessel passing over the spot without furtkor contact or injury. The escape of tho Manapouri off tho Now Zealand coast last week scorned no less providential. A caso of nitric acid had been stowed away with general cargo and pnsscngcrs' luggage in tho hold. It became ignited from spontaneous combustion, and, ouly that it was accidentally discovered before tho fire had made much headway, tho total destruction of the ship must have been inovitablo. As it was, tho lives of two of tho crew were sacrificed in tho efforts to subdue the conflagration in its iucipiency. In tho bill referred to provision was made to guaid against accidents of this nnturc. Tho penal clauses also wore of so drastic a nature that few captains would risk tho liability for the mere empty honor of making an exceptionally quick passage. Tho Government, it is to be hoped, will rc-iutroduco the measure at an early period of the ensuing session. The establishment of a postal card system between tho United Kingdom and Australia would be bailed with satisfaction by tbc colonies. It seems inexplicable at first sight, that so excellent an arrangement, and one so calculated to serve the purposes, both of business men and private correspondents, should not have been made long since. The mailer is explained by the excessive Conserva tism of British officials, and tho ignorance that prevnils at home as to the actual wants and wishes of the colouies. About a week ago it was stated by the Imperial Postmaster-General, in answer to a question in theHouse of Commons, that the Australian colonics were not prepared to Outer into negotiations on the subject. This allegation was wholly opposed to the real facts. During the lato Salisbury Administration appli cation was made directly to Lord John Man ners, the then Postmaster- General, in favor of a three penny card system between tho parent country nud Australia ; but it was urged in reply that the proposal could not be entertained, inas much as the colouies were not included in the Uuiversal Postal Union. It was, however, explained that wo had expressed our willingness to join the nuion ou certain conditions, which were considered fair and equitable, uaraoly : — "That the sea transit rates and surtaxes fixed by the Paris Convention should not bo reduced, as far as the Australian colouies are concerned, until after tho next quinquennial congress to that of 1884, and that each colony shall bo accorded a sepa rate voice iu the affairs of tho union." Tliis proposal was, however, declined. Now it seems absurd to urge that the colouies are pro hibited from making any arrangement with England for mutual purposes, because they arc not recognised by the "union. The colonics havo a higher claim to consideration than is associated ..with mere . official rcdtapcism or international etiquette. It is tho duty of tho Imperial Government to facilitate every project designed . to draw .England and her distant colonics and dependencies into closer bonds ' of amity aud uuion. Provided that uo loss can accrue to the British Post office authorities, there can he no good reason for opposing the scheme. Now South Wales aud Victoria, auxious to cooperate in the matter, as well as the minor colouios, will feel it to be advautegcous to follow suite. Our new Post master-General has. yet to - win his spurs. Here is an opportunity . for distinguishing him self.- The information to baud respecting the Eastern question is vague and contradictory. O.ie day the news is transmitted tlmt a rouewnl of hostilities between Scrvia and Bulgaria is imminent, owing to tho commission appointed to draw up the Treaty of Peaco finding it im possible to arrive at an understanding, aud the opposition of the Czar to certain of tho pro posals. Tlio next day wo loam that a\J is peace, aud that there is every prospect of an immmediato settlement. Coquetting in matters of this nature is customary, aud, ;as a rule, is regarded as nil augury of an 'amicable settlement being arrived at.' Iu the House of Commons it wiis officially announced 'that' it would not be neccsssary for Goneral Stephenson, and tho British troops under his command in tho Soudan, to - occupy Dougola permanently, aud that in all probability tho Indian forces now at Suakim would be relieved by Egyptian troops.. The Socialiststic riots in Loudon and other parts of England have licen'offcctually suppressed, and the ringloadors, Messrs, Hyndmnn, Burns, Champion and others have been brought before the Bow-street magis trates, charged with uttering seditious speeches. The case against them lias been partly heard, aud it is believed that they will be scut for trial. As arising out of tho disturbances, it appears tlmt the National Association for pro moting State dircclcd emigration and colonisa tion, presided over by Lord Brahazou, has sub mitted a schema with tbnt object to the Government. Mr. Gladstone and Lord Gran- villo are pledged to tho movemcut, and Victorian colonists - will watch with interest its further development. An extraordinary influx of population nl tho present time would not be regarded as an unmixed blessing, considering that huudrcds of artizans arc arriving iu Melbonrno by every steamer from Soutli Australia and other parts. The Canadian High Commissioner has called a meeting of the Agcnts-Gonoral for the colonies in London to discuss the project of laying down a cubic between Vnncouvors Island, and New Zealaud. The Imperial Federation Lcnguo has arranged to hold a conference in July next in Loudon, and the various branch leagues, throughout the colouies, will bo invited to Stud representatives. 