LITERARY GLEANINGS. Irs deserves to find himself deceived Who seeks a heart in the unthinking man. -8. T. Coleridge. Pr.w things more impress the mindwith the sense cf desolation, than roads become green. CoSTAN;cY, in solitude, is natural enough. The heart is not tempted to be unfaithful. The test of its genuineness is to be looked for in society. Tue habit of virtue cannot be formed in a closet. Habits are formed by acts of reason in a persevering struggle through temptation.- Gilpin. THE tarth is great, but the heart which rests upon it is still greater than the earth, and greater than the sun. ... For it alone thinks the greatest thought. \--J. P. Richter. GEoros resembles love in many ways. Better is a little of it, however poor the repast, than nifluence and noneat all. Like love again, it is always happy in itself; and when thrown upon its own resources, is never better able to find sweet enjoyments in tihe sense of its own rich dowry. ONE of our first duties is to find out that all human inslir.utions, and all Divine ones, are only for a time, enduring until the germ of the institution or con stitution reaches the largest possible development, and then decay's effacing finger begins its work. No sooner does the fruit come to its full richness, no sooner has the sun put his last finger-touch upon the peach, than decay begins, and that vesture, so splendid, is found to contain a stone, and tlht stone is but a sepulchro which contains a seed; and yet from the seed shall come another splendour of out ward vesture, which the stone of the sepulchre doth but veil for a moment. There must be resurrection. The stone must be rolled away ; for tihe new life is better than the old. The seed must fall; for tihe new truth must be born.-Geo. D.awson. LONDON'S CIALRM.-Thllere in another element which may vio even with situation and architecture in giving interest ton town; and that London possesses in theo highest degree. I mean its history. As the hero of a hundred fights is always amoro interesting character to meet than the youngling who has put on his red coat for the first time, and smelt gunpowder only on parade, so towns with a long and significant history are imoro attractive than the sudden growth of a cen tury or a generation, however magnificent or however startling, as in Now York orGalasthiels. Even Berlin, though, compared with London, the creation of yesterday, excites a more than ordinary interest by the succession of notable historical changes which At his passed through in a short time ; and in such a town it is always pleasant to see the history of the past stereotyped in the sculptured forms of the creators of that history which meet you at every prominent turn. But the history of London is, like the history of Ilomo, told inot in a few statues of modern date,? ut in the whole structure and tissue of a rich urban growth of notable human dwellings, extending t!-rough a period of nearly two thousand years. Not. withstanding the ravages of the GreatFiro, that in the timeof Charles II. consumed the heart and trunk of the city, there are districts in the very middle of mode rn Londlon in which everystreetand every potty lano, or alley, or court point with their names to the story of a singularlyvaried and dramatic past. From Westminster Abbey to tihe Tower, along the whole course of the Strand and Fleet-street, and behind St. Paul's, down the old Roman-road, Watling-street, to the Too or hill in the extreme cast of old London, the imemory of the intelligent perambulator revels in the resuscitated march of historicalsplendours.--Professor llalckie. in Cassell's Fa.milu Manaoine. olArnIAGnE AMONG T111 KIYEhs.-TilO marriage custom of the Khyons of Burmah is, it is believed, unique. The girls are given in marriage by brothers, not by their parents. When a girl isborn she is espe cially assignedto one of her brothers, or, if she has none, to one of her father's sister's sons, w?hoso consent has to be obtained by any one aspiring to her hand, and who, after her marrlago,must be treated with the greatest respect by her husband. If the husband visits the brother, he must take with him a present of kkolung, a fermented drink ; and should the brother visit the husband, he must take. with him Akho?l.q and pork, or, if his circumstances are such that he cannot do this, he must make profound apologies. As a rule, girls are affianced early to one of their cousins; but the match may be broken off. In such a case tlhe defaulter, if the man, has to give thi girl five pots of khonu?q, a bullock, apig three feet in girth, a spear, a fork, a bag, and a piece of orna mental cloth. If the girl breaks off ttle match, she has to give the man a brass dish, a silk cloth and belt, anda silk turban. A Tate or LiNLirnaoow.-From tho time tlint ltng James VI. left Scotland in 174[1 there was alnways a number of servants, male and female, kept in Linlith gow Palace,under Ihosuporintendence of the oLivingston faimily, who were tho hereditary keepers. About what particular time tihe following sad event toolk place tradition saith not; indeed, the event itself is almost entirely forgotten. Among tho domestics was Bob Henderson, a rollicking young fellow, who was a sort of major-domo, but who had none of the pride of that class of people. There was also Jenny Glen, who might have been called houselieeper. She was loved andrespected bybothlgentlo and simple in tihe town and palace. It was long known tlihat these two were lovers, and that in a shbort time they were to be married. One night, ofter sundown, Jenny set out for the town to see her mother. The road, though short, was very lonely, having to pass tihe graveyard, but Jenny said she never had seen anything worse thlan herself. Sihe did not believe in ghosts, and as for bad people, alie would give as good as they gave if they meddled with her. That day Bob had killed a two year-old quoy, and had got it salted and put past. He crame into the kitchen to wash himself, and beard that Jenny was away to tihe town. " Eh, Bob. did she no tell you showas gaun ?" saysNanny Bell. "Od, I wad gie her a bonny fright, if I were you." "'Deed, she deserves it," said Bob; " but I suppose she thinks I'm tired. Is it lang since slheo gaed awa ?" " Oh, yes; sho'l maist be on tihe road back by this time." In two or three minutes Bob again appeared-this time with the hide about him, and tihe horns on the top of his head. The girls screamed with fright, and wlhen they came to themselves declared it wasthovery thing to frighten Jenny. " Frieht Jenny !" says Nanny; " a the folk in Lithgoiv winna friclht Jenny. She'd ging througlh a' the palace, be itdark or liclht, whore ineither lad nor lass daur gang." Jenny meantime had been at her mother's, and had told lier that sliowas engaged to be marriedto Bob Henderson, and the maister had agreed to rent him twenty-five acres of Parkhead Farm at the term, at a fair rent, and employ hlim at "orra" times about the palace. nTh mother was much re joiced atthe news, as Bob was a great favourite of hers. When about half way up the Kirkgate Jenny saw a large animal approaching, like a large hog, and grunting like one. Sho moved close to the wall, where slo know there were plenty of loose stones lying. Lifting the first one that came to hand, and waiting till the beast came close to her, she made a dash at its head. With a groan thecreaturo fell at her feet, when Jenny, without speaking, walked as fast as sho could to the palace. When she entered she was met by winks, nods, and suppressed laughter. At last one of them asked her if she had not seen something curious. Jenny, struck all at once, said, "If any of you have tried to frighten me speak, for I have killed it." " Oh, dearl it was Bob Henderson," cried Nanny. "It's a' my faut." But Jennywasoff, followed by all the girls. When they came to the part of the road where the oferay took place, they found Bob's corpse lying enveloped in thie quey's hide. Life wasquite ostinct, and a depression in the skull showed where the stone had done its dreadful work. Poor Jenny threw her self upon the body, but never spoke; indeed, she never uttered a word till the funeral, three days afterwards, when sheo cried, "I'm gaun to Bob," and sanlk down and expired.-Octogenarrian, it Scollttish lAmerican .Thatrrr. T'nu WeIoEI'INor WILLOW.-lt is difficult not to ussso clute the Willow that "growr ascarnt the blrook That salhos his hoar lescr ill is gl2 o as lro ?lll, with the lBabylonian species, which, however, Shako speare certainly never saw; but so pathetic is the lament of the Jowish captives, that one can well relieve it may havepermanently altered ire soymbolismn of the once joy-inspiring Willow. There is a pretty legend that its boughs first drooped under tllhe weight of the harps, as the exiled Hebrews sang: " Ily the waters of labylon we sat down and wept, when we remembered tlee, 0 Sion! As for our harps, we rhanged them up upon tile willow-trees that are therein." The Arabian story-tellers, however, have a very different tale to tell. They relate that David, after hIe had married Bathsheba, was one day playing on his harp in his private chamber, when two angels appeared before him and couvinced him of his sin. Tlhoreupon he throw himrolf upon the ground, and lay forty days and forty nights weeping bitter tears of penitence; and in those forty days he wept as many tears as the whole human race have, or will, shed on account of their sinls, from then until the Day of Judg lment; so that two streams of tears flowed out into the garden, whence there sprang up two trees, the Weeping Willow and the hFrankincenso-tree, the boughs of the one drooping in grief, whilst the other .onestantly distils tears of sorrow.-Cassell's fkrmiliar Trces. Tu'rnr is a sublimity in patience. To do a thing and, when needed, to Ikeep doing it, to wait for the desired end, not sluggishly, but diligently, if necessary, nor despondently, but over with a brave hopo-that is grand character. 