Hard to Please. ScENE-A rude bar-room in the Western part of America. Enter Arkansas, with re. volvers in his belt and bowie knives in his boots. This is the great mining bully, dreaded, admired, and always "suffering for a fight." He is bent 'on one now. The meek landlord is his victimto.day. He means to goad him into a quarrel. Arkansas had been at the inn three days, and got no one to fight. On the fourth day Arkansas got drunk. Pre sently Johnson, the landlord, came in, just comfortably social with whisky. "I reckon the Pennsylvania 'lection " began the inoffensive host. Arkansas raised his finger impressively, and Johnson stopped. Arkansas rose un steadily, and confronted him. Said he : "Wha-what do you know a-about Pennsylvania? Answer me that. Wha what do you know 'bout Pennsylvania I" ' I was only goin' to say-" " You was only goin' to say. You was I You was only goin' to say-what was you goin' to say! That's it That's what I want to know. I want to know wha-what you (hic)-what you know about Pennsyl vania, since you're makin' yourself so d-d free. Answer me that I" "Mr. Arkansas, if you'd only let me " Who's a-hindering you? Don't you in sinuate nothing agin me 1-don't you do it. Don't you come in here bullyin' around, and cussin', and goin' on like a lunatic- don't you do it. 'Osz I won't stand it. If fight's what you want, out with itI I'm your man ! Out with it !" Said Johnson, backing into a corner, Mr. Arkansas folilowing menacingly : " Why, I never said nothing, Mr. Arkan sas. You don't give a man no chance.. I was only goin' to say that Pennsylvania was goiu' to have an election next week-that was all-that was everything I was goin' to say. I wish I may never stir if it wasn't." "Well, then why d'u't you say it? What did you come swellin' around that way for, and tryin' to raise trouble ?" "Why, I didn't come swellin' around, Mr. Arkansas. I just--' " m a liar, am I! Ger-reat Caesar's ghost--" With that Arkansas began to shoot, and the landlord to clamber over benches and men and every sort of obstacle in a frantic desire to escape. 