NEWS OF THE DAY. Tho desire of the French Government to annex the New Hebrides is, it appears, now opculy acknowledged. It may bo remembered that news was received by cable a few weeks ago to the effect that Germany and France had arrived at an understanding by which the former power agreed to offer no objection fo tho annexation of. the islands by France. The Federal Council was sitting in Ilobart at the time this information was received, and an urgent message was sent ou its behalf to the Secretary for the Colonies, desiring him to op pose by all possible means the French annexa tion. In reply,' cablegrams were received as suring tho colonial Governments that Frame Imd no intention to take possession of the islands j but it will bo seen from a telegram from our London correspondent published this morning that the Freuch Government have non- acknowledged their desire to secure the group aud are in communication with the Imperial Go vernment with the object of securing a release from the engagement entered into some years ago by whicli both France aud England agreed to respect .tho independence of the islands. With the view of placating tho Australian colonies, and averting the strenuous opposition with which any such proposal would bo received, France expresses a willingness to abstaiu from usiug the islands as a depot for relapsed critniuals. The approach of another Parliamentary session is shown by tho increased political activity iu certaiu quarters, and on all hands is it predicted that tho Government will be con fronted with strong opposition. The more ussertive opponents of the second coalition ore already loud iu their threats of making thiugs lively for the Government when the work of the session begins, and there aro not wanting members bold enough to say that the Govern ment will be challenged to yield up its ghost ou the very lirst Ministerial question being sub mitted to the House. Of course all this is as yet mere idle talk, because the session is not likely to coiumeuce iu earnest until about .Turn: next. Nevertheless this gossip indicates what members arc thinking about. The Government intend to support Mr. Lidor's candidature for the Speakership on Tuesday next, when the Assembly meets, but tho Opposition talk of testing the streugth uf the Ministry on the issue by bringing tonvard another candidate. The names of Messrs. Cooper and Gauusou and Dr. Quick are men tioned in connection with the election, but uo determination has yet been arrived at as to which of these throe aspirauts, if, indeed, auv one of them, is to receive the voico and vote of the oppouents of the Government. Tho Right Rev. Bishop -Moorhouse, accom panied by Mrs. Moorhouse, sailed from Wil- liamstowu yesterday ut 1.30 p.m. iu tho s. Bengal, for Kugland. In the morning a large congregation assembled in St. Peter's Church, when the B.sliop administered the Communion, assisted by tho Revs. Canou Chase, Goodman, aud Huudfield. The Bishop delivered a brief uddress on the gospel of the day, and dwelt specially ou the importance of " remembering." Ho likened himself ' to St. Paul, when he started on a' long voyage from ihe laud in which ho had labored for tho Lord. During the discourse the bishop several times fuirly broke down with emotion, and the congregation was likew ise very deeply affectod. The bishop was at last so completely overcome that he was obliged to draw his address to a prema ture conclusion. Tho Communion service was then held. Amougst those who were present, in addition to those named above, were the Rev. Deau Macartney, Archdeacon M-Cullagh, Canou Vance, the Rev. C. Stuart Perry, A. Pickering, H. N. WoUustou, R. G. Burke, U. Kelly and J. H. Gregory. The Bishop and Mrs. Moorhouse proceeded to Williamstown by the tu'elre o'clock train, uccompuuied by a very largo number of frieuds, uud when the train drow up at the platform upwards of 1300 per sons were assembled there to bid goodbyo to their departing prelate and Ids lady. It was with extreme difficulty that the Bishop and party reached the ship's side, by reason of the great number of persons on the pier who were anxious to shake bauds with Dr. Moor house uud bid him farewell. Mrs. Moorhouse, as she proceeded to tho steamer, was presented with several bunches of beautiful flowers, and the cabin they were to occupy was profusely decked out with flowers. Before the steamer sailed upwards of 2000 people had assembled, and for nearly an hour before the ropes were cast off, it was almost impossible to move ou the deck. A large number of Church of England clergymen from various districts were present to bid their late Bishop good-bye, aud Captuiu Traill was present representing the Governor. As the steamer moved away from the pier cheer after cheer arose, aud hundreds of hand kerchiefs waived farewell to Bishop and Mrs. Moorhouse. There was scarcely a dry oyo iu the assemblage as tho vessel, with the Bishop stuudiug at the stern beside his wife, passed slowly down the Bay. It was well known that the departure of the P. uud 0. Company's R.M.S. Bengal would be attended by an unusually large gatheriug of visitors, and the railway authorities placed several additional carriages, not only on to the special traiu for passengers, hut also on to the ordinary trains leaving at eleven o'clock, half- past cloven and noon respectively. Even this was found to be inadequate for the numbers, aud au additional traiu consisting of ton car riages was quickly packed together and de spatched at a quarter past twelve o'clock. This extraordinary rush, of course, was con sequent on the departure of Bishop Moor house, but the ship has a full passenger list, aud all had their quota of friends fo see them off. Amongst those who are proceeding on a visit to England, were many well known citizens of Melbourne, including Major Perrins, of Messrs. Welch and Perrius, merchants : Dr. Moloney, aod Mr. J. W. Hunt, secretary of the Modern Permanent Building So- ciety. Thedeck forsoinetiincwasdensclypacked with visitors, hut the ship got away lairly well to time and cleared Port Philip Heads at ten iniuutes to six o'clock. The vessel does not take away much cargo but lias in her freight list gold and specie to the value of £73, <103 7s. Id. The City of Melbourne loan of £150,000 at 4 par cent, has been successfully floated. The minimum was fixed at £103, anil the average price realised was £104. Tint money i» to he expended as fol lows : — lit wood paving, £o3,1CG 18s. Id.; nnprov.-rnenls on Si. ivtld.vroad. £15.000, and A'i'.J.li'J!) IL. Id. for other new works ; refriger ating machine mid premises at meat market, £hOO(i ; improvements to cattle market, Sydney-road. £15.000 ;oxieiiduu and improvc- ln nt of cattle markei, Doutta Galia, £7000; extensions of abattoirs. £0000 ; ac commodation for tiriual purposes. £5000 j total, £110.706 0s. 2<1 . The reorgauisatiou of the Water Supply department is a subject that is being eurucstly discussed by the Cabinet at the timo. Irrigation and water works generally are to bo the lrump card of tbe Government during tho approaching session : in fact pretty well tho entire weight of the Government will be thrown into the proposals for giving a good supply of water to country districts. It is necessary under such circumstauccs that the Water Supply department should he placed upon a better foot ing tlian.at present. Mr. Dcakin will remain tho political head, and most probably Mr. Lungtree will be asked to contiuc acting as both Secretary of Water Supply and Mines. But a professional head is to be appointed who will have charge of the surveying works. Tho names of half n dozen civil engineers have been laid boforo the Cabinet, uud although uo final selection has yet been made it is not unlikely that Mr. Stuart Murray will eventually receive the appointment of Engineer of Water Supply. A coniplelo reorganisation is to be effected in the manage ment of the department, aud in view of tho increased importance of the works to be under taken it will bo necessary to add to tbe staff. The alterations and additions to the Gover nor's summer residence at Macedou have been uuder the consideration of tho new Minister o5 Public Works, who finds that the piano iip-, proved of by Sir llenry Loch will involve an expenditure considerably iu excess of £10,000. At present the department have only the sum named available for the work, nnd, until tha Treasurer has made provision on the estimates for the increased outlay, it will be impossible to carry out tho alterations desired by His Ex cellency. The matter will he submitted to Mr. Gillies in a few days. The affairs of the Avoca United Water Trust arc still dragging ou in the most unsatisfactory way. The trust have expended all their funds, and it is now found that the works constructed are almost worthless. With ono or two excep tions the weirs have been failures, and yester day information reached the water supply de partment that the last comparatively sound weir of tho trust was in a precarious stato. Tho weir is known as the Boort-roud weir, and tho secrotary of the department has telegraphed to tho trust's ongiueer, Mr. Starr, requesting him to givo immediate attoutiou to the matter. The department is prepared to authorise a reasonable expenditure for repairs if tho weir can be saved. To make matters' worse, tho sub-committee appoiuted by the royal commis sion on water supply for tho purpose of in vestigating the causes which contributed to the failure of the weirs has neglected to report. For weeks past the Minister has been asking for the report, but tho sub- committee maintains a "masterly inactivity. " The Minister of Education yesterday- re ceived a deputation from the council of boardsof advice, who asked that au.. Amending Educa tion Bill should be introduced during tho ensuing session. The Minister was reminded that Mr. Gillies had made a promise to that effect. Tho ameudmeuts chiefly pressed by tho deputa tion were the reduction iu tho compulsory age of attendance aud an increase in the number of attendances per year, tho introduction into the reading books of the passages cxpungod during Mr. Ramsay's rtf/iine, or, as the depu tation phrased it, " Christianising the school books." Mr. Pearson replied that he approved of the first amendment, but suid, with, regard to the revision of the school books, that he could not give an absolute promise uutil.the sense of Parliament hud been taken on the point, Tho deputation also asked tho Minister to sanction a conference of boards of advice being held in July next, and Mr. X'carson promised to con sult with the Treasurer ou the point, which involved au expenditure of between £400 and £500. Tho Riilway Commissioners have received a communication from the Minister of Defence, whu, acting on the advice of tho military authorities, strongly urges that the line from Fraukstoi to Crib Point, ou tho western shoro of Western Port Bay, should be constructed as soon as pissible, in order to ensure the speedy transit o' a body of troops, in case of necessity arising, to defend what is con sidered tc be tho weakest poiut in the plan of defence of Melbourne. In connection with the same matter Air. L. L. Smith, M.L.A., accompanbd by Cr. A. Jonos, of the Moruing- tou borou;h council, yesterday waited upon tbo Railwiy Commissioners, also with a view of impressiig upon them the necessity of con structing ;hc line, not only for dcfcuco purposes, iut iti order to assist iu developing the resources of the Aroruingfou district. Tho counnissiorers slated that they were fully alivo to the impi'taiice of the lino, both from n defensive aid a commercial point of view. At present a lumber of lines were iu course of consfructioi aud the officers of the. survey de partment vvre fully engaged in laying down | the routes o other railways. Until a party of . surveyors ws disengaged it was impossible for itlio depariiisnt to undertake additional work ; however, vv.eu that time arrived the questiou of survey iie aud coustructiug tho Fraukston Hue would he cousidercd on its merits along with the clams of other districts. The Melburuc Water Supply Board will in a few days mko an inspection of tho Wallaby and Silvery Jreek works, as well us the pro jected Watt. River uquoduct The former aro fast being fiishod, aud will largely contribute to the periuaeucy of the water supply of tho metropolis. Tenders have been invited for tho first seciou of the Watts River scheme. His Excelletiy the Governor has expressed u desire to inspct. the Van Yean works, and ho will be inviid by the board to join the uoxt expedition tdJe made iutu the urouutuius. The lluilwy Commissioners iuformed Air. L. L. SmitbjM.L.A., who waited upon them yesterday wifi re'erence to the construction of the lirst scctin of the Great Southern line front Dandeuoug, hut the whole of the engineering data for the section— 45 miles— had been ob tained, and that tho necessary plans and specificatiouswero iu course of preparation. The latter hd advanced to such a stage that the commissiuers trusted to be iu a positiou to call for teudei for the construction of the line in a very short trio. That typhtd fever has obtained a firm hold upon tho coimunity is shown by the steady average of nw cases kept up from all parts of the colony. Yesterday four now coses were reported to th Central Board of Health, The chief ispector of factories states that ha is being inuuared with letters from all parts of the colony, iskiug for explanations of various points in tho shops aud Factories Act. Tho inquiries are ii every caso made by either shop keepers or pcrsns conuected witli factories. At present the clef inspector is deeply engaged settling the puliiniuaries ueccssary to getting tho act into rorking order. In a few days some .udditionl inspectors will be appointed and then the 'ork of registering all factories and worksliopsthrougkout the colony will bo commenced. ; Tho Carnaron Castle, which arrived iu tho Bav on Tuesdr, brought a largo shipment of projectiles froi Sir William Armstrong aud Co. s Elswick corks, for the Defence depart ment. An uditiouul 150 rounds of shot and shell for the 6 inch breechloading guns mounted on lo Vuvusseur curriagos at tho Heads uud 15 rounds for tho 8 inch B.L. mounted at te South 'Channel fort on the hydro pueumak disappearing carriage were received ;. also 00 rounds per gun for tbe 10 iuch, 8 inch, 6ach 12£ pounder and 9 ponnder breech loadiugjuus mounted ou tho gr thouts Victoria and Aiert. The empty cartridge tap and metal liueicases for holding the latter when filled also carniiy tbo saino vessel. The HailwuyCouunissioners were yesterday interviewed by, deputation from tho residents of Xorthcoto t reference to tho drainage at the level crosses on tho Alphington line. It wus pointed oi that tho arrangements made by tho departnnt to dispose of tbe surface water were another inadequate, and that if something wersnot done to r emovo tbe diffi culty it would result iu the creation of a nuisance whiclwould be a danger to tbe pub lic health. lie commissioners, in reply, stated that tbe were always anxions to have tbe drainage prks connected with the rail ways carried ou in the most perfect manner, therefore they jomised to visit the locality re ferred to, and hiuspect the means provided to drain tho line. 1 There is veryittle reason to donbt that Mr. J. S. Cooper, ,-lerk of courts and deputy coroner ut Balirat, will, be appointed to tho position of polfe magistrate, rendered vacant by ihe transfer « Mr. Akehnrst to the Central Board of Ileult. By right of seniority in classification, tc position should have been awarded to Mi Campbell, tho clerk in the Melbourne CityPolice Court. Air. Campbell is an officer in te second class, the salary in w hich ranges fro; £500 to £600. The salary of the vacant polioonagistracy is fixed at tha Hina ii meant. therefore, Mr. Campbell, hcu r/im- uranicoteil with, declined the portion, end it has ln'pn oftered to Mr. C.joper, who bos bren lliirlv-twn years in the service and lias a mo-t reliaide and painstaking flic--.. The srlieiiie re ere', hi-.' grain sre'CH i.n the "s-irrn porli"U >.( ' West Midlwunie s-wuinp. and euunectin<; these : teres with the Spencer-street raiiwav statiim is being rapidly matured The Kaiiwav Commissioners have asked the Lauds department for about 00 acres ' of the swamp for the purpose aWe named, and this request has been readily complied with, although 'he land has yet to be formally Iuinded over to the ltailway department. The better drainugo of the swamp is also a matter at present engaging attention. A number of casual laborers employed at the Flinders-street railway station watted upon the .Jiiiiwav Commissioners yesterday morning,! ami stated that, owing to the intermittent ehn- j racier of their employment, the wages they earned were barely sufficient to support thctn. They therefore desired that an increased rate of pnv should lie granted both for the ordinary un I overtime work. The Commissioners pro mised to make the fullest inquiries into the matter, and said tlioy would decide what course should he adopted at the earliest possible moment. There is but little fresh to report iu connec tion with the threatened 6trike of tbo omnibus drivers iu the employ of tho Melbourne Omni bus and Tramway Company Yesterday, the secretary of the Drivers' Union forwarded a letter to tbo inauager of the compituy, seeking to arrange a conference between four members of tlie union and a similar number of representa tives of the company, for tho purpose of dis cussing tho matters iu dispute. Later iu the day a reply was received, agreeing to the pro posed conference, and fixing two p.m. to-day as the time at which it should tulco place. The feeling of the drivers is strongly in favor of the adoption of this course, and they entertain strong hopes that the discussion of the grievances will enable an unangemeut to be arrived at that will tic mutually satisinctory. The business of the Metropolitan Licensing Court yesterday was not very heavy, and, as on ioruier occasions, the cases dealt with were merely applications for the right to soil in aildi- tiuuul bars iu licensed houses, and to keep open during hours other than those provided for in the act, Tho next sitting of tho court will be held on Monday, the 22nd inst., at teu a.m., when, for the first time, offences under the act . which are within the jurisdiction of the court will lie adjudicated upon. ' Tho business brought buforo tho Molbourne presbytery yesterday morning related to tho call of tlie Rev. G. D. Buchanm, present pastor of tlie congrcgatiou of the Cairns Memorial Church, by the flock i f St. Andrew's, Hallarat Mr. Uuchanon assigned the obligations under which lie felt himself to those attending his ministrations ut tho Cairns Memorial Church as an insuperable obstucle to his leaving thciu, hut added, iu a speech of considerable humor, that there were oilier ties which attached him to n ministry ill Melbourne. On Wednesday morning a number of the drill instructors and sergeants of tho f >rcc journeyed to Quceuscliff by train for the pur pose of taking part in an impromptu encamp ment at. Swan Island. Tho idea was proposed by Sergeant-major Burrroiv, and, tlie various instructors liaviug taken tho mutter up warmly, a very pleasant time should be spent during the stay. Facilities have b.eu given to euuble the party to inspect tho forts ut the Heads ; they will return to town on Friday cveuiug. The Telegraph department have received a liieiuiirauduiu from Bolino advising that the Manilla laud lilies have been restored. 'J'ho Chinese Government notify that the Linchow and Hauum hue is interrupted. The Hawthorn borough council has been moved to puss a by-law authorising an exten sion of tho hours of business prescribed iu the Shops anil Factories Act. At the fortuightly meeting of tho council, held on Wednesday evening, a petition was received from the local tailors, asking permission to keep open their premises until nine o'clock in the evening. Cr. Gulleu preseutod a similar petition from the fancy goods dealers, and moved the adoption of a by-law prov idiug that tho penalties to bo paid" fur noti- cuuipliauce with the provisions of tlie act should be Is. for the first offeuce, and not more thau 5s. for a second or auy subse quent uffuice, uud that any shopkeepers ap plying to tho town clerk might obtain a licence to" keen open till eleven o'clock oil ordinary nights, and twelve o'clock on Saturday uight. Cr. Munro seconded the motion, but us copies of the proposed by-laws hod not been circulated it was agreed to postpone tho matter till next meeting. The question of tlie rato of wages paid to marine engineers cropped up at a meeting of tlie executive of tlie Victorian Employers' Union held last evening. Mr. Archibald Otirric, tlie representative owner of tlie s. Bucephalus, brought under the notico of the executive, correspondence that had passed be tween flic secretary of the Australasian institute of Marino "Engiuoers and himself, iu liiforctico to the rate of wages paid lo the chief engineer of the steamer Bucepha lus. now trading between the colonies and Cul- cnttn, and requesting thai, the matter should lie referred to tlie Trades Hull council, with a view to the settlement of the dispute. After con siderable discussion, it was resolved that copies of the correspondence should lie forwarded to the Trades lfall council, with a request that that body should take into consideration tlie desirability of exerting its influence with the institnteof Murine Engineers and with the Amalgamated Society of Engineers to induce these bodies to recognise the jurisdiction of the council in deciding whether tlie question of tho rates of wages for enginoers of steamers trading from Melbourne to India in relation to current wages of engineers of other steamers trading from Melbourne should bo referred to arbitration. Tlie mutter theu dropped. II will lie remembered that recently tbo will I of Mr. V, M. Wyllv, of tit. Kilda, deceased, was disputed iu the Suproiuu Court, by his brother in law, Mr. Go irge Boultou, chemist, of | Brunswick. By his will the testator left a por tion of his property to his wife, who is a patient in a lunatic asylum, and the bulk of it to his housekeeper, a Miss Irons. Boultou set up a will of prior date, which was sent anonymously to the Muster-in-Equitv, and which Boultou alleged wus made by the testator in a public bouse, in Bourkc-stroot, in his presence, by which the "deceased left alibis property to his wife. The executors of tlie second will alleged that the first was a forgery. Mr. Justice Moiesworth granted probate to tho will of lator date, ami yesterday, all parties consenting, Buuiiun was allowed to take the ullegcd forged will uui ol court. Au appeal .from a decision of Mr. Justice Moiesworth, iu a case of lvisiuuudo v. llis- tnoudo, was disposed of by the Full Court yesterday. The action was couimcuccd by "George ' ltismondo. formerly a restaurant keeper in Bourkc-strcet east, to set aside a transfer by his wife, Eliza Hismondo, who at present, carries on a similar busiuoss in Bourke- strcet, of a house aud laud iu Soutli Andloy- street, Coiiiugwood, to her sons, named Weser, bv a' previous marriage. The plaiutiff alleged tint lie gave his wife only a life interest iu the property, which was formerly his, and should / revert to him if he survived tho delendant. The plaintiff is at present residing in Austria, aud Mr. Justice Moiesworth dismissed . tlie actiou with costs, because tho plaintiff was not here to proceed with the case, and no reason was shown fur his absence ; be refused an ap plication to examine the plaiutiff on commis sion in Austria, or to postpone the trial. The plaintiff appealed to the Fall Court, which now .allowed the appeal in so far as to dismiss the action without prejudice, and with costs, so that the plaintiff, if lie chooses, can commence dr. iiot'o. Mr. Box and Mr. Hodges appeared for tlie appellant, and Mr Isaacs for the respondent. Au appeal from Mr Justice Moiesworth in reference to the interpretation of the will of the Rev. G. Hurst, of Sydney, tlie owner of the Temple Court-baildiugs iu Collins- street, was heard bv the Full Court yesterday. Tlie deceased bequeathed his property to his children iu equal shares, hut did not mention any of them by name. One of his daughters, a Mrs. Holmes, died before liim, leaving a sou. William Frederick Holmes. Mr, Justice Moiesworth held that as the testator referred to bis childreu us a class, uud not by name, the 31st sectiou of the Wilis Act (which allowed the issue of deceased children to become beueficiuries uuder the circumstauces of this jrasel did not aipplv here. Mry \V. F. Holmes annealed to the Full Couri, which, however, upheld Mr. Justice Moiesworth s decision and dismissed the appeal with costs. Had tho law been in favor of Mr Holmes he would have be-m a beueticiarv under his grandfather's will to tho extent of £10,000 or. £15,000. Mr. Fluk appeared for the appellant, aud Mr, ldpp for the respondents, the executors. The will aud codicil of Mr. John Smith, C.M.G., a member of the Legislative Council of New South Wales, aud a professor in the Svduey University, who died iu October last, were proved iu 'the Equity Court yesterday before Mr. Justice Moiesworth. The will bore date the 12th December, 1881, and the codicil the 18th September, 1880. Tlie twUtor left real and personal property in New Sontb Wale? cf the vsine ot £18,000, and personal property in Victoria to the extent cf £2085. Probate (which hail been already ohtuiuod in Now South Wales) wsi granted \i Mrs. Mary Smith, widow of the de-jej'd, ho L at present re- siding in Mulboutii'. Mr. Justice Moiesworth made uu order abso lute in the Equity (V.urt yesterday for the com pulsory f»e<|U<s:rjrion of tin- estate of Donald M'LooJ. of Krhuc-i. laborer, on the I luotiou of Mr. M Arthur, i Mr. Lawrence if. T. Henderson, of fbc ! I'mthoufitary' r>ffire« w.s yesterday appointed | by Mr. Justice Moiesworth, Acting Chici Ju?- i tie<\ a tnxiug officer under the Judicature Act 1SS3. The appointment has boon rendered j necessary by the nbj-eucc on leave of the chief j clerk and taxiug officer, Mr. Moody. Owing to th« iudcmeacv of the weather last Saturday, the rouimencr-nient of the competi tion by the Field Artillery Brigade for Sir Wi-- liam Clarke's trophy was postj»oiie4 until Satur day noxt. when tho South Melbourne Battery will fire from a range at the roar of the Central Battery, WiHiarostown. The Knst Melbourne Battery will fire on the succeeding Satur day. A complimentary bonerit, toutiercti by the Kaseiirton Surprise Party lo ilr. Junius Gh« wiil take place this cr< nine, In the new town hail. Mnonec Ponds. The lie. U. It. Macartney will preuch ut bt. Clements. ElMuruwick Matioii. at eight o'clock to-night, on the 'occasion of tho opening of the now organ. St. Jame» 1 catherirul choir will lead the .-tinging. There will be a collection fnrtheorgvn fund. Wo have received from Mr. S. Mullen tbo SfeitKmrrir University Calaidar for 1835-6. Tho Calendar, as usual, contains that vast amount ol information on University subjects which is of so much vulue and in terest to studentt, teachers, and others. We arc requested to slate that 'ho meeting of n political leaguo, held on Wednesday evening. In the Coffee Palace, had no connection with the National Liberal Leigue. of which Mr. Jan. Munro, M.L.A.. is president, ond Mr. J. Mackenzie secretary. The second uuouut picnic of the Victorian Workshops employes take. placA at LHlvdalc to-morrow, wheu a special tmln will leave Port Melbourne at 8.10 a. m., re turning from UUvdnle at 6.35 p.m. A well arranged programme of sports lias lassn prepared for the occasion, and an efficient baud has teen engaged. 