Ifllmlrg (grange, Coorali, My Dear Belle,—If I can find any subject save politics ] to write about this week, I must really be a very ] girl, for whether in the street or in the house, tlie fllJ topic of conversation, is politics, varied by such Bentem^] as " Is he safe ?" " Hasn't a show," " Will lose his deposit] money, or I'm much mistaken," or "The way he voted ( tlie Barmaid Bill is still fresh in the memory of electors," " My word, that was a lucky stroke of Gi%1 to make him a Minister. Why, as a plain Mr. he hadn'4 a ghost of a chance." Now, dear, this sort of conversj tion is not," as you may imagine, either interesting (J brilliant to ladies who, in this country, are not v e(| included in the female suSrage vote, and when MrJ Primrose wrote from her country house in Macedoa 3 asking us to join a party who were going to the \\\ t Bourke Agricultural Show at Lancefield, we glad! accepted the invitation. But, my dear, it was Jio change, save for the locale, for although we arrived quite early J the ground, evenbefore Sir Henry and Lady Loeli, we founjj the Hon. the Happy Medium and his colleague deep jjl discussion with the electors, many of whom objected in very strong terms to tjJ S S s m Z To us it was quite evident neither of these gentlemen fm^l Sm lhow ^ d the happy hun&ig; ground tliey wished. After refresl.i. ourselves at a sjslendiil^ and welf laid out luncheon, we avoided L the sueeclies, both political and otherwise, by passing _ quickly out J begin our inspection of the numerous exhibits sent in by the richest agricult^l district in the colony. Mrs. Primrose, I thought, took more than lier usual 4 terSt in the names of the exliibitors, and it was not until rather late in the % that I found that strong-minded lady was actually on a canvassing campaig^t She however, dear, was not soliciting votes for her pet candidate, but proimses^i produce for the dairy stall at the bazaar in aid of the Women* Hospital j I need scarcely teU you success crowned her efforts of appeal, and suWtanti promises were made by all the kind residents of a district literally flowing milk and honey ; indeed, the only rebuff she encountered was from a clergy^] of the Church of Rome, and who at first was inclined to tlimk that m his own fc trict charity should both begin and end there. But after a few minutes u_. with Mrs Primrose who in the most persuasive maimer converted his reverence so thoroughly that, previous to a most warn farewell, he promised to use cv«y effort to assist. Among the lady prize-takers I saw one who took away sera, first prizes and one second. These were given for butter, jams jelbes, pick! and preserves, all of which Mrs. Primrose managed to annex. The other, took nine firsts and two seconds, is the lady who, although the mother of sixtea children (twins three times), has received thirty-six first-class prizesias being the; best horsewoman in the colony. This famous lady who hails from Kilmore, nc also a first-class exhibitor of hams, bacon and bread, a loaf of the latter become the nrouertv of Ma, who was introduced by Mrs. Primrose after she had donehet own canvassing. So, dear, altogether we spent a most pleasant and enjoj* dav arriving in town loaded with the most delicious butter and bread ever madt One of the prettiest features in the whole show was the escort of Wood™fl volunteers in their Kharkee suits,^whojattended His Excellency's carriage to station. It is rumoured that two Melbourne men, absentees under peculiarly circumstances, will shortly make their re-appearance in Melbourne. One return! by his own free will, the other by the will of .the law, which, Pa says, is unusuaM severe since the passing of the Married Woman's Act. . j News came by telegram yesterday of a marriage between the daughter oiij gentleman to whom all Melbournites owe a debt of eternal gratitude by the layira" out of our truly magnificent gardens, which are not exceUed anywhere. By to you will at once know that the lady is Miss Alice Hodgkmson the pretijl daughter of Clement Hodgkinson, Esq., of Melbourne while the bndegrorf Captain Fred Busby Wan-en, R.N., Ma knew as a midshipman on the H.SLS.J GhaUe»qer, which formed one of the Duke of Edinburgh's squadron here bm years ago. Captain Warren, you know, dear, is the son of the ate Adiirn WarrenTand cousin to the present famous Sir Charles Warren. The wed<k took place from the residence of the bride's uncle, Sir John Everett MiUais(M[j Hodgkiuson's step-brother), whose daughters also officiated as bridesmaids. 1 This marriage contradicts the assertion that we Australian girls contract srfl marriages out nere because we are not brought into competition with Jingl* girls. Nothing, however, is said of the AustraUan gu-ls who go to England! cut them out in their own stronghold. Bv-the-bye dear, Miss May Millais, the artist's second daughter, who basis] some months past being staying with her uncle, Melville Gray, in New Zeal^ will be in Melbourne in the course of the next week, previous to going London. Yes dear, I have heard of the new Sydney engagement, and if true, vdiiii really, dear, I very much doubt, there certainly is no accounting for the some imported swells. Apropos of engagements, dear, the first is between a relative of the lady wlm generous and humane gift of £5000 to found an Hospital is world-known, J»i pretty girl recently returned from Em-ope, the niece of a gentleman who founds a college bearing his name. The second is between the young son of a late squatter in the Western dis : and a widow lady at Toorak, who is now at the seaside, to the daughter ofi M.P., whose station at El Dorado was always one of the most hospitable, w the niece of the first Knight of this colony. Last night, dear, Sir Henry and Lady Loch gave a sort of musical good-i and good-bye to the Bishop and Mrs. Moorhouse. Ma and Aunty were tha but I haven't had time to ask any particulars about it, so you must be eontentj wait until next week, and in the meantime you might write a letter of condolem sympathising with His Lordship ou saloon passengers at home and abroad. Mrs, Rowan (Lady Scott's sister) is expected out by the next P. and 0. f She has been in England for over two years. Capt. Rowan has taken Mr. h > Lewis'house ou Punt Hill. The Ivo Bligh family will be residents in Melbourne for some little time,! Mrs. Bligh is in delicate health. You will, I am sure, be delighted to hear that your old friend Lord Castlers is coming back again to Melbourne. No, dear, Mrs. Snodgrass did not return by the Rome, as she broke her jou at Suez on purpose to see her friends. Pa sends your Uncle his tips for the Parliamentary Cup to be run _on Fni next. In East Melbourne the two old members, for the man would indeed M ' artful dodger who would beat Coppin, while Zox holds the post so long as« chosen people make East Melbourne their abiding place. In West Melbourne two City Councillors will run a neck and neck race forfi place, the new man beating by a head. At St. Kilda, Pa says, a new man heads the poll, with a Minister and a : Liberal fighting for second honours. In North Melbourne, an old member and the Sec. of the Trades' Hall gave me no end of names, but I cannot recollect anything but the names of the successful candidates, which were Tucker, Britten, Mirams, Nimmo, Deakin, Staughton, Smith, the late Mayor of course, and no end of others whose names and districts I have quite forgotten. Mrs. Armstrong's concert on Saturday night is bound to be a very w liantone, although rather early in the season, and hundreds will be either 1 wearied by success or too disappointed by failure to attend any festive gatne™ yet, as Mrs. Armstrong is a Victorian girl, and up to the present her sweet i has'received its musical culture in this colony. A bumper house ifi sure.toiher. Onething,however,Iamataloss to understand is howthe Organist feocieg Victoria, who are patrons of Mrs. Armstrong's, can manage, unless they app® 1 ! spirit form, to be present at this concert and at the dinner they give at GunsiJ on Saturday night, at precisely the same hour. There surely must be a miss? S °Cak^Fairs will soon be as popular here as in America, for the fourth ope f be held by Mrs. T. B. Payne and Mrs. Raines Dickson, at " Arnside," vowf road, South Yarra, in aid of the Mission. Church, South Yarra. _ j We are also promised another concert and dramatic performance in aidA Macedon Church. It is to take place at the Prahran Town Hall in the T res ? of Sir Henry and Lady Loch, aud the m bound to be good.—Yours ever, anagement, under Mr. L. L. Lew GLADl* 5 ' 