SAM SILCHESTER, AN. AUSTRALIAN STORY,* BY NORMAN WAKEFIELD. CHAPTER If. IN TIE LAND OF THE KANGAROO. A fe:lyris, even in the most monotonous circumstances, seem but a short time .when glancing at them retrospectively, but with the wonder Aýerful'viscissitudes incidental to Aus tralian.'lifc in..the earlier days, the months and.years fled with a rapidity alarning to contemplate. When tlhe first gushing news relative to the wonderful nuggets of gold which wern to be found lher by merely scratching the ground, reach?ed Englaud,1 undrleds ,of yV, g mIen uano ine tlhe coloiiies witl the iresolve that thej- 'woull re turn in a few years-live years being in most cases the longest tern allowed to themselves. But circumstances alter cases, nld-will alway.coidYtiiim to do so, and though the promises given lohg ago by many young adventurers to parents, sisters,..weethlearts, and in some cases even .to young :wives, that in five yeard at. most they would re turn and bring iith them fortunes in glittering bars of Australian gold,,were given in all sincerity, it is a matter of fact tlat not more than about one per cent. of hsuch promises were ever kept But there is nothing wrong in it except in such cases as where scamps have left wives and young families depen dent on public charity, while they themselves have either committed higiamy or are living a life of profligacy, or in instances .where so-ne - tru hearted girl has, through keeping her nart of the compact made with the impetuous youth. -lost her last chance of becoming settled comfr.rt.bly in a home of her own. and has been com pelled to live out her life in a itite of single cursedness. But in other cases it should not be expected that voung people should return and live the re mainder of their days under. the parental roof. Parents would have it no doubt, but they in their tarn should look back and consider tht they left their parent's roof, and marked out a course for themselves* and that philoprogenitivene.ssis muncl greater than filial love. This is a natural law which no amount of preach ing or lecturing against can alter, and doubtless in this respect "Whatever is, is right.." Among the'hundred and fifty sou's who arrived in Port Philin Bay as passengers by the " Royal Hero," there are hut few who have any hope of re visiting the old country, although mrst of them -were sanguine of so doiu when they first arrived here. Tlhey all had some severe trials to undergo to which not a few succumlxd. Tile majoritv of them are through their as siduity and sobriety, established in fairly comfortable homes, rnd thou h they still have to toil. they have m ch satisfaction in the thought that they can, and do, pay their way and that rhould they draw a eheque for a- hun dred pounds, it - would at once he honored. A minority of them are strnggling as hard now for an honest living as ever they did in their vounger days, but notwitlhstanding all their efforts they cannot get on satisfactrrily, but are still dependent upon their daily wages for their daily bread. A few also-they may be eailv counted -have licome what may be termed successful colonists, and have given awav small fortunes to the public charities, in the expectation of receiv ing a knighthood as a reward-and in some cases these expectations have been realised. But the unit who concerns us more closely than those on whom fortune smiled so early, is Robert Silchester. Soon after his arrival in Mellourne. II in conmmon with so manly of his fellows, caught the gold fever. THe had no particular wish to acquire great wealth a"s manv of his fellow new chums bad. and who really expected that there was nothing for them to do but to go to Bendigo with a pick and shovel and turn nu" gets as large as potatoes out of tihe ground, bIut lIhe had none but hinmself to care for, and the aromntic odour of the Australihn trees, the idiotic Inauh ter of the great .in~fishers, the lugu brious apeairance of the ancient knn proo, .!l of whicih acone nelor his notice.in tr:iihh!'l round Mellwurm". coupled switli tfl?oe?culiar freedom of *Written c.>pro. Ivtr jili. " Tzar¢efl Rcord. A'l rightis rtred. f speech and action which characterised I his colonial acquaintances, induced hima to look at things from a colonial I st:umdpoint, and he resolved to see life I on.the diggingswith his "mate," Sandy 3M'Murtie, a sturdy son of Skye, and who generallj- told those who inquired the place 'of his birth;. and by what ship he came in, that "'She was porn in Skye, and slipp'it down to Mel -bourne oi tle rainhbow." One of the first of the unpleasant experiences which Robert Silchester met with was in Melbourne whilst he and Sandy were putting in the time while the storekeeper was collecting fromn his miscellaneous assortment, such articles as the two had ordered deeming them necessary for their tramp to the diggings. Some of the articles for which they had asked, had only then come to hand, and in fact were still on the hullock waggon which was standing in front of the store. To the new chums who had seen the bul-. lock driver bring his team of sixteen bullocks up to the store without bridle or reins, guiding them solely with a few quaint, expletives and a loug haindled.whip, and stopping themn to within ihalf an inch of where, it -was necessary, it seemed something. won- derful thlit these wild : horned. bersts Ishould liecoite so usful. aniiif docil&. Sandly was tine first to speak about' them, and his admiration foi the skill of the driver, and the docility of tie animals was very great. • " She'll new r saw such things at home, Rob, Ell i " No Sandy " said he, " I never saw a team of this description in England, and I have never before had ant op portunity of seeing one closely here. See how quietly they stand with those heavy yokes on their necks." They both approached very closely and looked long and curiously at t' e trappings, while the bullocks stood sleepily chewing the cud. " Poor old fellow," said Robert, laying his hand upon the rump of one of the polers, " You are a fine old---ugh- C-esar's Ghost What's that I " This abrupt termination to his cares sing remarks, was caused by the hul lock addressed kicking out'with a force that almost drove himi across the street. Sandy stood dumbfounded for a moment, and then went to assist hid I friend who was just scrambling out "of the dust on to hIis feet agait. "Did she'll kick you hard' Roli l She'll never seen such a thing like that in her life. Why.just as you was put tin' on your hland, she lifted up her 'fobtan dkickedout like a cow, was your leg prokeu Robl " Oh no," said Rohle.rt, stooping to pick up his hat, .but. let us 'get .out?stores and nmake ourselves scarce iniltis;locality." This irelar'k was proltabl'y called fortlh by the fact that the bullock' driver, who haud seen the occurrence, hl.d called hiint a " dained ineddlin' ne;: chum, who would find out soon that it woucl pay ltim best to, nind his own business and leave:things he didni't .understand alone." Several other persons had ap- ' peared upon the scene while the two si new chluts were admiring .the team, and'some of the' mtore knowing ones 'r predicted what would happen. When it. did happen they were barbarous h enough to laugh. This incident soon became almost r forgotten in a short time when the two - were tramping along the hot and dusty road, to the,'goldtields. Were Robert Silchester to be. the chief t character in this story, it would be in teresting in the extreme to follow lim through the various viscissitudes whieh ihe experienced, but as lie is not, it I must be said briefly that lie arrived in good time at a place called Kangarco Flat, and was at first more successful thlan many of his .fellow diggers.. It was here that he fell in love a second time, or at any rate his admtiration for a certain young woman whose" friends were in difficulties, was so great, and his sympathy for her on account of th hLards' ips shle had to suffer, so deep, thait lie propose l to lighten her bur-- n dens and brighten her life as .far as was in his power, if she would consent. She did consenit, aitd in colonial haste i they were married in her father's tent. In another tent especially erected for d' the purpose. was the " dejeuner," laid on tables of bark. After the nup'i 1 knot was tied, the' 'happy couple, in stead of stepping into a carriage and to being driven away to the railway station, and then booking for Sydney, LI or to the nearest station to Lorne or: Fernshawe," were satisfied with a drive in all impromptu chariot to the bridegoonm's inmansion of calico, from which hy the way,' e had given S mdy niotice to quit." Oane,,od reason, and one which may beoffered as an apology to the publisfdr'"'Rol'iet's, omission Pl to take his bride to tld'i-il ' fitistation, to Lorne, or to Fernshlawe;, istlial' such places were at that time unknown :iin Victoria. As far as could be observed the match was a good ote in all respects except in their respective ages Robert was a nman of over forty years, hiis wife was scarcely twenty, but in 1T otlher Irspects they were well mated. Their dispoi dtions hlarmonised, and she was guided in all matters by the will otf helr hluslinnd. When this important change took place Robert felt the niecessity of changing his own habits I somewhlat, for he felt that hie lhad taken a very great rsponsihility upon him self when hie took awife. It therefore Iecame one of his cares to save every penny, but his fate appeared to be somewhat remarkable, for, while he i was careless, ie seemed to have no . trouble to get a few match boxes full I of the coveted metal, but after his tl nmarriage almhnost every hole hie sank was profitless wot'k. InI due time the famtily was increr'sed, and a son was born to tlhemn, who was baptised Sam. Even with this addition to their house htold, their prosperity did not seem to brighlten, and year after year they went oni, until, travelling fromn gold field to goldfield, tlhey were at Iast discovered near Beaufort, Robert ill unto death, and the house destitute of a lonf. A good heamted teanister had t Ih-ard of their troublle, and interviaewed h them, hlie was moved with compassion to see thle look of pain upon the coun tenio;'es of the sick hiuslnid, and the worn and watchful wife : lutl he was rousted into action hy Soun, then a ibrigrht lad of eight years, sayinig, "Please sir, can't you put us in your empty waggon and take us somewhercl Father is sick, and I want to go sonc where and work for him." The team ster said lie was going to Melbourne, and lie would take the family there for. nothing if they wished. The offer was accepted, and the next- morning- saw them all, bag and laggge,- in the waggon on the road to Melbourne. [TO Di CONTINUED.] 