THE LOSS OF THE MONITOR. (r,f .A SL-avivon.) At daybl::.k on tho L;'i of D.'conber, 1862, .at-Fort Nioproe, the Mos.tosr hove shoib her anchor,; cd by 10 o'clock B- t'e forenoon slhe was under way for Charlez.mn, Soluth Carolina, Ju- chargo of Cor'nP'rdc: J. BI. Ilankhe.:I. The Rhode Tsl.":td, a powerful.side-wheelcd steamer, wa. to be our convoy, nnd to has'n ar r af ":1 she toolr: us in tow with -L.vo long 12in. hawsers. The weather was heavy with dark, stormy-lookingclouds and a westcily wind. We passed out of the Roads and rounded Cape Ienry, proceeding on our course with but little change in the weather ,up to the next day at noon, when the wind sh:l,'ed t, the south- outh-west and increased to a gale. At 12 o'clock it was my trick at the lee wheel, and bcing as good.iand I was kept there. At dark we were about seventy miles at cea. and directly of .Cape Hatteras. Tihe sea rolled high and pitched together in the peculiar manner only seen at n1t:,erar. The .Rhode Island steamed slowly and steadily ahead. The sea rolled over is as if our vessel were a rock in the ocean only a losw inches above the water, and men wl-o stood abaft on the deck of the Rhode Island have told me that several times we were thought to have gone down. It seemed that for minutes we were out o" sight, as tihe heavy seon entirely submerged the vessel. The wheel had been t:mn 1 'rarily rigged on top of the turret, where 'll the ofHc- s,, ext opt those on duty in thle engine-room, now were. I heard their re marks, and watched closely the movements of the vessel, so that I exr ti.y understood onreondition. The vessel was making very heavy weather, riding one huge wave, plunging through the no :t as if shootang straight for the bottom of the ocean, and splashing down upon another with such force that her hull would tremble, and with a shock that would sometimes take us off our feet, while a fourth would leap open us and bieak far above the turret, so that if we had not been protxted bcy a rifle-armour that was securely faisoncd and rose to the height of a manu' chest, we should have been washed away. I had volunteered for service on the Monitor. while she lay at the Washington Navy Yerd in November. This going to sea in an ironclad I began to think was tihe dearest part of any bargain. I thought of what I halied been taught in the service, that a mian always gets into trouble if lie volunteers. About 8 :o'clock, while I wae. takig a .messnage from the captaini to the'engineer,. I saw the water pouring in 'throngh' the coal-bunkers in sudden volumes as it swept over the deck. 'About that .time thei engineer reported that the coal was too wet to keep up steam, which had run down from its usual pressuro of eighty pounds to 'twenty. The water in the ,vessel was gaining rapidly over tihe smll \- Jnnps; and I heard the c e1,tain order the chief engineer:to start. the masi paump, a very powerful one of new invenion. l'h;is was done, and I saw a stream of water Sin. in' diamneter spouting - up from beneath the waves. About half-past S the first signals of distress to the Rhode Island were burned. She lay to, and we rode the sea more coon fortably than when we were being towed. The Rhode Island was obliged to turn slowly ahead to keep from drifiinug upon us, and to prevent tihe tow-lines from being caught in her wheels. At one time, Swhlen seho difted, close alongside, our caiptain shouted throngh his tI rumpet that ewe wers' ning, and asking the steamer to send ns her boa:?. 'I'he Monitor leamnledalien:' again with renewed difli culties, and I was ordered to l-^ve the wheel and was kept vmniployed as me: senger by the captain. The chief engineer reported that tihe coal was so wet that he could not keep up steam, and I heard t e captanin order him to slow down and put all steam that could be spared upon the pmnups. As there was danger of being towed under by our contort, ti's tow-linca were ordered to be cut, and I saw Jr'n 3 Fenwick, quartex-ge anor, swepi from the deck and carried by'a heavy ,e: leewar' and out of sight in attemptlingto obey the order. - Our. daring boatswain's mnte, John Stocking, then succeeded in reaching the bonys of tlhe vessel, and I saw him swept by a heavy sea far away into the darkness. About half-past 10 o'clock our anchor was lot go with all the cable, and struck bottom in about sixty fathoms of wate:. This brought us out of the I ough of the sea, and we rode it n'ore comfortably. The fires could no longer be kept up with \- the wet coal. The small pumps were -. choked isp with water, or, as the engineer reported, were drowned, and the main: pump had almont stopped working from lack of power. This was, reported to the captain, arid he ordered me to see if there was any water in the ward-rcom. This was the first time' I had been below- the berth-deck. I went forward, and saw the water running in through the hawe-pipe, an Si.n -holeo, in full force, as in dropping the anchor the cable -he.- torn away the packing that had kept this pl n.? .tight. I reported my obse vations, nad at the same time heard the chief engineer report that the water had reached the ash-pits 'and was gaining very rapidly. The captain ordered, him to stop the main engine and turn all steam on the pumps, which I noticed soon worked again: The clouds now began to separate, a moon of about half size. beamed out: ul:on the sea, and the Rhode Island, now a mile away, became visible. Signs were being exchanged,* ' The method of commonicalcn from the -Monitor was by writingin chalk on anb oek.board, which was held ni to view; the Monitor had no mast on which to hoist tis regnular naval code used by the Rhode island. As night approacnhed. the captain of the Monitor wrote, while we could yet see, thatif thcey were foreed to abandon their ship, thecy would burn a red light as a signal. Anout 10 o'clock thib signal was gives. Whss the tiesmor itoplinen to allow tsie hawnsers to ie ciat osn the s Lonitor forgedinead aunder the inmpolus of lir headway, and cams so close up under the ntoamer'e 5tcrn, thntthere wan grcot danger of her anuingg into and cutting the steamer down. Winae then engines of the nhodo Island were ?taetod to go ahed to get oit of the way, it sas lineovered Oboetis thehaser hid got fosi of thne pxnddle.wihel, ond when they wereinut in motion, anstead ofgetting clear of lrin, tse rope wouod up n tiths wheslunod dnre tlnvenncela together. This an net-emelydanereous piosition nor they wore , b-. pitChedn snd tossed insut so much ly thi < \- -- -e s tthntif the ironclad inad once struck :-?,:? they must ltas hlnes mone down to \- syce, a fireman went iste the wheel ',i? life,' and with in anc cut the thonsteamer was enabled tooet 's.--Ymm a letter tothn S 'us thea of tihn .hodo anld I felt thnt'the l ionitor would he saved, or at leastthat the captain would not leave ihis ship lnti'; there was no hope' of :..ving.her. I was sent below ag in to eeo how the waeter to ad in the ward-room. I went forward to the, cabin and found the water just above the, soles of my shoes, 'which indicated thea' there must be more than a foot in the vessel. I reported this to the captain, and all hands were oset to b:.Jing,-bailing oat the ocean,os it seemed, -but'the object w as to em,?loy the men, as there now saeemed to be danger of excitament amnong 'them, I kept employed mosl of the time t eking the buckets from them t.lrough:the hatchway on top of the turret. They seld mls would have more than a pint of water in them, however, the balance having b een spilled outin passing from one man to another. 'lfe weather basi clear, bus lthe sea did nos (easi rlalitng in the lent,' anud t' Rhode Island, with the two lines wour 1 up in her wheeel., was to' 'si?g at the mercy •of the seao, and culme drdni'i; at our side;, .a boat that ilai been lowered was caught between the v: saels and crushed and lost. Some of our soIamen bravely leaped down oni ldek to'.gun,rel oar sides, and lines were .tirown to thien from the deck of the O'htcdo Island, which now lay her whole length agaiestv?l, floating oil astern; but nmot a maan would be the first to leave his ,h ip, although the captain gave orders to ado so. Lwas agIain sent to examine the water in. the ward-room, which I found to be more tlhan s ft.labove the deck; ard I 'think I was the last person who saw EngineeorS. A. Lewis aslhe lay sea-sick.in his bunk, apparently watching the water as it grew deeper and deeper, and aware what his fate must be. Ife called me as I passed his door, and asked me if the pumps were working. I replied that they were. ' is tlere any hope ?" he asked ; and Sfeeling a little moved at the scene, and knriowing certainly what must be his end, and the darkne.' that stirred at us all, I replied, ' As long as there is life there is hoe." '"l[ope and hang on when you are wrckled." is an old saRing among sailoi:. 1 l]ei the ward-room, and learned thrt the water had gained so as to choke up the usain pump. As I was crossing the bea.th-deck I saw our ensign, ?Mr. Fredericklion, hand a watch to the master's mate Williams, saying, "here, this is yours ; I may be lost." The watch and chain wer e both of unusual value. Williams receit wed them into his hand, then with a hesilaitting glance at the time piece said, " Th is 'thing may be the means of sinking me,"' and threw it upon the deck. There w ere three or four cabin boys pale adsl p :ostrate with sea sickness, and the cabin co ok, an old African negro, under great ex citement, was scolding them ilost profa; nely. As I ascended: the turret ladder the .seabrokeo..over th'.e ship, and came pour ing: down the hi stchway with so much .force that.it took me elf my feet; and at the:sanme time the- steam broke from the .boiler-room, as the -water had reached the fires, an'l for ran instant I seemed to realiso that we habd gone down. Our fires .were out, and I hey. rd the water blowing out of. the boilers. I reported my obser vationsto to the capts tin, at the same time saw a boat alongsid. e. The captain a.,ain gave orders for the i non to leave the ship, and 15, all. of whon a were seamen and whom I had placed s ny confidence upon, were the ones who ci 'owded the first boat to leave the ship. 1' was disgustcd at witnessing the scramb le, and, not feeling in the least alarmed about myself. ro solved, that I, an "old haymaker," a3 hindsmen are called, wi ould stick to tihe ship as long as my .ofiic era. I saw three of these men swept from s the deck and carried leeward on the sm ift current. Baling was now resumn ed. I occupied the turret all': alone, and passed bucketa froni the lower hatchway to the man on the topof the turret. I to ok off my coat -ono- that I had received from home only.. aew days before (I .could not feel that our. noble .little, ship ?sms yet lost) -and; rolling it up with mfr boots, drew' the tampion from one of the guns, placed thlomiinside, andl replaced the tampion. A black cart was eitting on t'ie breech of .one of the guns, howling ore of 'those hoarse and solemn tunes which no one .can appreciate who is not filled with ssuperstitions wh'ich I had been taught by the sailors, wlho are always afraid to kill a cat. I would aJnost as soon have touched a ghost, but I caught lher, and placing her in another gun, replaced the wad and tainpion; but I could still hear that distressing yowl. As I raised my .last bucket to the upper hatchway no one 'iyis there to take it. I scrambled up the ladder and found that we .below had been deserted. I shouted to those on tile berllth-deck, "Come up, the officers have left the ship, and a boat is alongside." As I.reached the top of the turret I saw a boat made fast on the weather' quart:er filled with men. Three others were stand ing.on deck tsying to get on board. One man 'was floating leewsard, shouting gin vain for .help; another, 'who 'hurriedly passed me and jumped down from the turret, was swept off by a breaking. wave' and never rose. I was excited, feeling that it was the only clmnce to be..saved. I made a loose line fast to one of the stanchions, and let myself down from the turret, the ladder having been washed away. The moment I struck' the deck the sea broke over it and swept mcnc I had seen it. sweep my shipmates. I grasped one of the smoke-stach braces,.and, hand over- hand, ascended' to keep my head above' watei. It required all my etrefgth to keep' the sea from tearing me away. As it swept from the vessel I fousd 'myself. 'dangling' in.tlhe aii' nearly iat' the top of the smoke-atack. I let myself fall, and suceedded inxreaching- a life-line that en circled the deck by means of short staicliions, and.to whickh the- boat was attacled. The sea again. broke over us, lifting me feet upward as I still clung to the lifc- line.. 'I thought I had nearly measi.red the depth of the ocean, when r felt the turn, and as my head rose above thee vater I was somelwhat dazed from being so nearly drowncd, and spouted up, it seemed, more than a gallon of water that ihaed foundils way into my hngs.. I was tlden about .Oft. from the other men, swhom 'I found to be the captain and one seaman; tihe other ihad been washed over board and was now struggling in the water. Thie men in the boat were push ing back on their oars to keep tihe boat frosm being washed on to the IlMonitoc's deck, so that the boat lIad to be hauled in by the:painter about 10ft. or 12ft. The fiIst Lieutenant, S..D.'Greene, and other officers' in the boat, were shouting, "Is the ecptain on boairdP" and, wmith severe struggles to have ofur voice heard above the roar of the. wind and sea, we were shduting "No," and trying to haul in the boat, which we at last uceceeded in doing. The captain, over oaring for his men, re quested us to get in, but we both, in the' snamo.voice, told him to get in first. The moment he was over thebows of the boat Lieutenant Greeno cried, "Cut the painter! cut the painter !" - I thought,. " Now or lost," and in less time than I can explain it, eqerting my strength beyond imagina tion, I hauled in the-boat, sprang, caught on the gunwalo, was pulled into the boat with a' boat-hook in tie hands of ,one of the men, and took my seat with one'of the oarsmen.' The other man, named Thomas Joice, managed to get into the boat in someway, I cannot tell how,'and he was the last.man saved from that ill-fated ship. As we were out loose I saw several men standing on the top of the turret, apparently afraid to venture down upon deck, and it may have been that they were deterred by seeing others washed overboard while I was getting into the' boat. After a fearful and dangerous passage over the frantic seas, we reached the ihode Island, wslich still had the tow-line caught in her wheel,.and had drifted per lisps two miles to leeward. We came alongside under the lee bows, where the first boat, that had left the I'onitor nearly an hour before, had just discharged its men; bat we found that getting on board the Rhode Islaiid was a harder task than getting from the MZonitor. We wore car ried bythe sea from stem to stern, for to have made fast would havebeenfatalh the boat ewa bounding against the ship'a sides; sometime; it was below the wheel, and then, on the summit of a huge wave; far above the declks; then the two boats would crash together; and once, while Surgeon Weekcs was holding on to the rail, he lost his fingers by a collision which swampedcl the other boat. Lines were thrown to 0u from the deck of the lRhode Island, whi:ch were of no assistance, for not one of us could climb a small rope; and besides, the men who threw them would immediately let go their holds, in their excitement, to throw another-which I fomld to be the case when I kept hauling in rope instead of climbing. It must be understood that two vessels lying side by side, when there is any motion to the sea, move alternately; or, ih other words, one is constantly passing the other up or down. At one time, Wche our boat was near the hows of the soaeuer, we would rise upon the sea until we could touch her roil; then in an instant, by a very rapid descent, we could touch her keel. -While we were thus rising and falling upon the sea, I caught a rope, and rising with the bost m?snaged to rea-h within a foot or two of the rail, when a man, if there had been one, could c. ail' have haulcdmeon bon rd. But they had all Tollowed r Cter the boat, which at that instant was washed astern, and I hung dangling in the air over the bow of the Blhde Isl-nd,' with Ensign Norman Alt-water lwnging to the lcat-head, 3ft. or ;our feet fronm me, like myself, with both hands clinching a rope and shouting for some one to save him. Our hands grow painful and all the time weaker, unltil I saw his strength give way. HIe slipped a foot, 'caught again, and with his Inst prayer, " 0 God!" I saw him fall and sink, to rise no more. The ship rolled, and rose ur an the sea, sometimes with her keel out of water, so that I was hanging 30ft. above the sea, and with the fate in view that had befallen our nmuch-beloved companion, which no one had witnessed! but myself. I. :till clung to the rope with aching hands, calling in vain for help. Eat I oould not be heard, for tilhe wind shrieked far above my voice. My heart here, for the-only timno in my life, gave up hope, are home and friends were most tenderly thought of. While'I was in this state, within a few seconds of.giving up, the sea solled forward, bringing w ith it the boat, and when I would have fallen into the sea, it was there. I can only recollect hearing an.old sailor say, as I fell into the bottom of the boat, "W here in -- did he come from?" When I' became aware of what was going on, no one had succeeded in gc;ting out of the boat, which then lay just for ward of the wheel-house. Our captain ormercd them to throw -bowlines, which was immediately done. The second one I caught, and, pL'ring myself within the loop, was hauled on boaIrd. I assisted in helping the oters out of the boat, when it again went bank, to the Monitor. It did not teach it; however, and after d;ifl:ug alouet on the ocamn several days it wass picked up by a passing vessel and carried to Philadelphia. It was half-past 12, the night of the 31st of December, 1862 when I stood on the forcastle of. the Rhode Island, witch ing the red and whi(e .lights that hung fiom the pennmant-staff above the trUret, and which now and then were seen as we would perhaps both rise on.the sea to gethoer, until at last, just as the moon had passed below the horizon, they were lost, and ;the Monitor, whose history is familiar to-ns all, wee seen no more. 'The Rhode Island cruised about the scene of the disaster the remainder of the night and the next forenoon in hope of finding the boat that had been lost; then shl:e returned direct to Fort MIonrob, where we arrived next day with our melancholy neu s.-Francis . . cButts, in .tholee;Cca·me.. " 