Episcopal Miocese of Abcr- J tlccu nnd Orkney. ?? MEETING Oli1 SYXOI). r . ?????'. A mooting of tlio Sailed ot the Episcopal. : Diocose of Alioriloon nnd Orltuoy was hold \- in St. Andrews Catherlrnl, Aberdeen, yostordny. Bishop Dnuglits presided, nnd thore was liirpro nttendnncn of tlio olorpy. Tho Olork to tho Synod, Rnv. -Mr. Hnrppiv 'Inverurie, road tho minutes : of tho lust mooting, which woro approved. T1IB IIISU01''S CIIAUOE. ?: ? Aftor tlio proliminary business tlio Bishop delivered his chnrgo to tlio Synod; Jlis Lordship said it was with humbled and chastened spirits that thpy ontornd on thoir ? duties in this Synod. Their 'belovod Primus lay in groat prostration of strongtn ; nIMiopo of his recovery was past, ho lay waiting ? ? * Gid's call to ontor into his rust. Boing no longer ablo to perform his duties as Primus, lie had resigned tlio primacy. This was ? only what all who know liiui would expect^ of him. And yot ho thought ho was only' expressing tho thoughts uppormost in their '?'?'?'? hearts as woll as in liis own when ho said thoy received tho announcement of his resignation with great regret, for tho thought of olecting an othor Primus, or of looking to any othor as Primus while ho was. in tho flesh, was most painful. Another heavy boroavoment had fallen upon tho wholo Scottish Church, and on tho dioceso of Edinburgh especially, in tho death of Bishop Cottenll. Aftor reforring to the ? late Bishop's career, hia Lordship proceeded ..to say that hero in Aberdeen and in the Church of St. Andrews thoy bewailed tho loss of a very true and devoted Churchman. Dearly did Mr. Chivas lovo that House of God; to niako it boantilul, and to aid with I ?liis generous support and ardent sympathy | ovory good work done in that place was tlio | ? dolight of his heart. Anothoi honoured | name ho hnd already mentioned in tho I ? Diocesan Council — Dr. Ogilivio Forbos, the . . -simplicity of whoso saintly lifo would ever romain a bright a cherished memory in tho hearts of all who woro privileged to know, him. His Lordship thon, referring to tho Jjny Deputation Scheme, said ho had great ' hopes that the sclicmo would prove a very real and lasting benefit to tho Church. \- Laymen could bnng beforo tho members of tho Church tho duty of supporting thoir, clergyman in a much plainer and inoro ?'???? forcible manner than tlio clergyman himself could possibly do. Multitudes of their well to-do Church members, who maintained good establishments, woro not ashamed to offer £10 a year to thoir clergyman,, as. an: adequate return for tho means of .grace ' .afforded to them, and their fnmilios, - and ;i their household £10 a your I Surely (his i Lordship went on to say), such gentlemen 'had never realised that what thoy offered to God's ambassador was about half tho wages they would offer to thoir housemaid. He. was convinced that the main reason why . -thoir pcoplo was so lacking in this , great duty was because they had 110 fixod principle . of giving. Tho3' gave Is to-day, 2s 0d the next day, a giunoa to this ob-ject and a \- guinoa to that, with tho unhappy result of a very modorato total, whilo they thought they wore always being asked for money. Ho trusted that this . Lay Deputation would teach all thoir nioinbi-rs to give 011 a fixed 'principle. 'When tho income came in . let them determine what proportion of it should be given to God, and let thnt proportion ? bo thon and thoro sot nsido in tlio bank as .God's: portion, to 'boi distributed . as -the giver, thought right. Acain, the first fruits of overy increase of incomo should nlwaysrbo 'devoted to God; They , would remember the resolution ijj^ted by .Iho Synod on a former oc-!iisioii, -repressive of thoir thankfulness for tlio signs of a greater approach to unitv which they saw in tlio adoption of . Church ? URiigeS'by the religious bodies around them, nniSnf their, earnest d»siro -for unity 011 ij'.j-r siiunrfc nnd true principles. Ho had not-i lieard of any response to that , resolution- ? - . emanating from tho religious bodies; around tlieoi. Ho liad.'lBiwover, receivod a letter from ?;? Ills BlessedneiCthoiPatriaroh of Jerusalem, which ho had great pleasure : in reading- to them. Tlioj' would remember that he com municated to tlio - Synod last year the: fact ; tlint Dr. Hole of Baltimore, now Dean Hale of Davenport Cathedral, Iowa, had received : permission from the Patriarch to celebrate,. \- at' 0110 of Ins nltorsv-in: Jerusalem inutile, church of S. Abraham, close to the Holy 'Snpulchro, every (lay from1: Wednesday in; Ilolv week to Wudnosday. in - Euster-T weok, \- - tho Patriarch specially requesting. Dr. -Hale to remembor the Scottish Chinch and hei Primus 011 tliejast of those, days when Dr. Halo used tlio. Scottish office.- Ou 'hearing; ' tlieso facta , liia '? Loidbhiij wroto , to tho \- ' -'-Patriarch expressing their -gratitude fortius J kindness nnd brothei ly fellowship, nnd at ' ' tho samo timq sonding to him a cop3- of the . . Scottish liturgy in Greek, and - it.-, was- the : Patriarch's reply to that letter which ho would now read to them : — 'Nicodemus, by tho mercy of God, Patriarch of .tlio Holy City Jorusalem, and' \- of nil Palestine. . ... . ; ? ? ' ' To tho -Most Rovorened Bishop of ' -Aberdeen and, Orkney, tho belovod; brother. * 'of* our -'humility - in -Christ .... oiir God, wo, Nicodomns,by tho mercy of God, Pntriarch of tlio Holy City Jerusalem, and , of all Palostiuo, send hoartfelt salutation.) .1, ' Hiving rocoivod ? your Eoveronco's -.highly-regardod letter of -tlio first of last month, nnd with it your photogroph and n ? copy of 'the divine liturgy in uso ii^ tlio Scottish Church, written in Greek, we were .?;?, . naturally, filled with unspeakable jojy aud wo acknowledged that we owerl no ordinary ? thanks to'onr common friend', iny; beloved son in tho Holy Ghost, the Key. Ch as. Hale, who has' been the occasion of our becoming : acquainted, if not faco to faco yet in spirit and soul, and of bocoming friends with your Eoveronce, nnd of our inter-changing words ? of sincero love iu Christ. Proceeding, thon, to-dnj' to write the reply that wo owo you, -??.??. we first tliank from our soul your , boloved ^Reverence for tho lovo which you show to \- ? us in your letter nnd for .tlio holy desire which -you oxhibit -for tho union -of -nil.. Our Divino Kodeomer andJSaviour, :Josus. Christ, gave.ns command to lovo -one niir other, making lovo tho first nnd.._chief, characteristic by which good - Christians should ho known. following this divino command, aiid observingit witliout wavering, the udwle of thoholv orthodox Church does : H to pray 111 its daily supplication fj&a;^fiiuinh oftTolI in ono ilock undor tho S^jSPkl1 Chiof Shopherd, our giirtMTovwJesusufmTs^aiul to beseech Him constantly that fyo blcssod day may dawn, in which Easterns nnd Westerns, and thoso in Englnud, Scotland, nnd Amoricu, glorifying His most holy name, becoming ono, may . all ; lie united in -tho ono holy. Catholic Apostolic Church, by tho unity of tho Spirit, who ha spokou by tho God-heralding Apostles and tho /Ecumenical Councils. Walking in this course, wo, too, who by the good pleasure of God, have boon .entrusted tvitli tho ni esidijiu-y of tho Most Holy M.iihor o! tho Ohurclms in Sion, . whonce-tho light of knowledge sliono , forth to.thorwholo race of mankind, rnjo-.co | that an occasion is given to us to lie u:ii'..o . in heart with the Iloverond Bishops of li'f Anglican Church, and amongst lliem w i 1.1 1 your .-Reverence who are filled .vitli such ? sincere Christian love.vand ot- exchanging words of brotherly lovo of Christ, which may bear fruit in many ways, warming tho common desire for unity. Begging, you to receive in tho spirit of brotherly lovo tho enclosod photograph of myselt ns a proof of my feelings towards your Rovoroneo, I close iny lotter praying that you may have vory many years of good health, aud beseeching Iliac graco, peace, and lovo may bo multiplied amongst you from God tho Path or, . through our Lord Josus Christ in tho Holy. Spirit. 1 ' In tho Holy City Jerusalem, Juuuary 15, 1886. v. '. ?' Nicodemus of Jerusalem.' \- Tho envelope ill which the letter was enclosed was addressed — '' To tho Most Rov. Bishop of Aberdeen and Orkney, the be-, loved brother of our humility in Christ our God.' : ; To this lotter his lordship repliod. Such words, ho wont on to say, from tho Yenornblo Patriarch of Jerusalem in tho East,' combined with the thought that thoy hnd that morning received the communion from the paten and chalico given thom by thoir brothron in ,-tho far West, would strengthen und intensify their prayors for unity, and bring boforo tlio oyo of faith a, 11 oarer vision- of- that blessed day when, with 0110 heart and 0110 soul- united in ono body of truth and peaco, of faith and charity, they should all, in tho East and iu the West, with ono mind nnd ono month glorify God through Josus Christ., Flis Lordship then submitted a statomont of tlio: Episcopal acts for tlio year.. 