ORANGE CHRISTIANITY. To the Editor of the *' Northern Star." " Do good unto all men, especially those of the household of faith."--ST. PAVL. SIB,-History affords us aome remarkable cases of boycotting. We hear of landlords, newspaper proprietors, grocers, drapers, in fact of all classes of business men being boycotted ; but judging from the light of recent events, it seems neces sary in order to reach the climax of Christian perfection to boycott a clergyman. The residents of the Richmond River, and more particularly those of Lismore and Wyrallah, can congratulate themselves that they have amongat them some good and pious men, who have attained tho highest degree of perfection in the Protestant religion. Men who are so zeal ous io tbs cause bf their Lord and -Master that they do not shrink from performing Buch a Christian ' act as boycotting their clergyman, beoause he would not act in opposition to the dictates of his conscience. A great writer says, '-" A man a own conscience is his sole tribunal, and he should care no more for that phantom ' opinion ' than he should fear meeting a ghost if he cross a church-yard at dark." But a greater than Lytton is here. Some of the good and pious Presbyterians of Lismore and Wyral lah think and say otherwise, their clergyman must do and act as they wish, or submit to the bliss of being boycotted, as we have ample testi mony from their recont actions and writings. What examples of Christian charity ! What brotherly love ! What fortitude ! What for bearance ! What purity I What piety ! What holiness ! Without which no man, &o.; Surely these are Daniels come to judgment. Modern Elijas. Wonder not, ye Wyrallahites, if some fine morning you find the Ancient Charriot has descended and taken these worthies straight to the realms of bliss. Such martyrs are too good to live in this wicked and woeful world among " Roman (Catholics) fellows "and countrymen. Gan it be wondered that Christianity, especi ally bf the Orange type, has become a bye-word among all right-minded and intelligent men. Yours, «fcc, v . ' ECLECTIC.^. 