MRS. LEAVITT'S MISSION On Sunday Mrs. Leavitt, tho eminent lecturess, commenced her eight days' mis sion in Launceston by delivering three ad dresses in the Mechanics' Institute. There was only a moderate attendance in the morning, but in the evening the hall was well filled. During the past two years the public of Launceston have heard several temperance advocates, but without wishing for one moment to depreciate their efforts, it seemed to us that there was too much sentimorit thrown into their services. Thero was an unhealthy excitement, re sembling that created at revival meetings — people were carried away for the time only by momentary impulse. If such were the transient emotions awakened by these ref jrmers, there would seem to be no such defect in Mrs. Leavitfc's addresses, which were argumentative, practical, and full of vigorous thought. Her illustrations were to the point, and most forcible. Mrs. Leavitt has a somewhat ascetic appearance, and there are lines inher face indicative of former suffering. Plainly, yet becomingly, attired in black, there was apparent a dignity of carriage betokening an educated ana wen-balanced mind. The morning meeting opened with prayer, after which several hymns were sung, and passages of the Bible read. Mrs. Leavitt then commenced her discourse on ' The body the temple of the Holy Ghost,' which was chiefly based on the 19th verse of 16th chapter of the 1st Corinthians. Mrs.- Leavitt onened -by re marking that the human body, beiug the temple of the Lord, we should keep it clean and pure. The evil effects of alcohol upon the body were then dilated upon, which she asserted were not confined to the excessive drinker himself, but were transmitted as a herit age of sin to his offspring. A sti'iking comparison was drawn between the man whose body was, as far as external appear ances went, clean and pure, but whose system was disorganised, whose blood was poisoned, and whose brain was clouded, with the hard-working labourer who, outwardly unclean with dirty hands, face, and body, yet whose system was in its full integrity, whose brain was clear, and whose blood was pure. The last- named could re move the diit and purify his body in a few moments, but the disease in the former could not be eradicated possibly for many years. The lecturess, in referring to tho advantages of abstinence, stated that the childr6n,pf abstainers were more healthy, more cheerful, more courageous, and lived longer than those of parents who drank intoxicants. Strong drink was affirmed to be the right hand of Satan, and she did not think it was possible for God to dwell in a temple which was ' contaminated and defiled by drink. Mrs. Leavitt went on to say that God intended every person sent into the world should live 70 years, and it was because of neglecting the body, or through hereditary disease, that it passed awav Drematnrelv. As an : illnat.i-n.t.inn nf this, Mrs. Leavitt remarked that the children of Quakers and Puritans lived longer than other' children, because their parents had always been- total abstainers. Sins of ignorance against human bodies ?were dilated upon, ? and the necessity for people to keepevery part of ; their body in lealth by habits' Calculated to maintain this. As examples' of strong health the names of Moody and; other eminent Chris tian. teachers were referred to. As-showing the value of abstinence an insurance table was quoted, which gave total abstainers an average life of 62-4, while non- abstainers were set clown at 35'0. Hence, said the lecturess, a young man at twenty years of age who is a total abstainer may look for ward to a very probable forty years, of lifo, while the non-abstainer of a similar age can only anticipate fifteen years. Speaking of the evil effects of alcohol, rofereiice was made to tho fact that milk or any othor non-alcoholic takes time beforo it makes its way into the blood, but that alcohol rushes almost immediately to tho brain. This was accounted for by the theory that alcohol has an affinity for water, and that the brain contaius much water, and the passage of the alcohol dries up the nerve tissues. Tho afternoon meeting was for ladies only. In tha eveniug ' God in Government ' was the theme of the lecturess, her re marks being principally founded on Isaiahj 9th chapter, and Gth. verse, 'for unto us a child is born, unto us a son is givon, and the government shall be upon his shoulders ; and his name shall be called Wonderful, Counsellor, tho mighty God, the everlasting Father!' Mrs. Leavitt said that the time was coming when Governments would be under the control uj. iy*iLiauMLii unuruuea. i\\.ituougu ITi waa remarked that many ministers decline to take part in the election of representatives on the plea that they wore citizens of the Heavenly Land, she contended that next to saving souls the work of aidingin the govern ment of the world was the noblest of aims, and a work every Christian should engage in. Mrs. Leavitt dre iv a realistic picture of the good that might be done in free countries such as Great Britain, Amerien,, and the colonies, where nearly every man could have a share in the government i£ all stood firm and appointed only Christian men to represent them in the Senate. As an example of the influence that might be brought to bear upon Government, the lecturess stated that there were 6,000,000 voters in the United States of America who had recorded their names as Christians, and what a great deal of good could be done if they stood together and elected to their Congress only God-fearing men ; and in these colonies nearly every man had a voice in tho Government. They had noble men in their Lepislatim-. but had they not men who ought not to be there— evil men — men whose private lives and deeds were a shame to look into? Some people said that God had left the government of this earth to Satan, but this idea came from Satan himself, who was the father of lies. A comparison was then drawn between England of 100 years ago and the mighty empire now in existence under her rule. At the period referred to England was of no consequence to other nations, but now no nation dared to stir without ascertaining whether England was agreeable. She maintained that God allowed this, because, although there were blots in English government, England was governing more in accordance with His will than any othor nation, except perhaps America. Every law on the English Statute Book was traced to the ten com mandments, and a powerful appeal was made that Sunday observance should be added to the statutes. Other evils should bo legislated for, such as games of chance, racing, lotteries, fortune telling, and the. liquor traffic, all of which should be swept away as demoralising, and denounced as being worse than theft, especially the last named.which did more harm than thieving. It took away health and strength, clouded the mind, and ultimately destroyed both body and soul. She stated that ten out of every eleven murders committed in America had been traced to tho liquor traffic. Other figures were given showing tho dreadful effects of the liquor traffic in producing crime, insanity, and poverty. Dreadful pictures were drawn of fathers, kind and affectionate to their families in the morning, going out and returning intoxicated to kill and injure those who in tho earlier period of the day they would lave I3rotected with their livoa . t.i,n(,n however, being the very ones at a later assaulted and injured by their parents. Mrs. Leavitt concluded a powerful address by a prayer that Christian mothors might for the future animate Christian jieoplo'in their choice of representatives in Parlia ment. A collection was taken up at each service, and a small but efficient choir, rendered sacred selections of music. ?^A good attendance at tho Launcestou Tabernacle, Cimitiore-streot, on Tuesday upon the occasion of Mrs. Leavitt delivering her fifth address in Launceston. The Rev. A. Bird pre sided, and in an exhaustive manner dealt with the evils of drink, and the good effect he trusted would be derived in Laun coston by Mrs. Leavitt's mission. He then introduced tho lecturess. The subject of last night's lecture was 'Prohibition in America,' which was most ably dealt with by the talented lady, who was heartily jreeted on her coming forward, and. throughout the progress of her able dis course. Prior to entering upon her lecture. Mrs. Leavif.fc n.nsivwnrl =r.nm «.,„,. tions which had been sent to her. She then stated that it was twelve years since the Woinens' Union was formed in America, and that the wives and relations of the most eminent men. in America belonged to it, many judges' wives, and the President of the United States', sister, Miss Cleveland. In answer to a question whether in doing away ? with the juice of the grape wo were not ' despising a, gift of God, the lecturess said ' as far as the juice of the grape went she believed in it as being nourishing to the body and more healthful than milk. lir, was the alcohol that was x'oison. The un- ' fermented .juice was lifegiving, but the, process thai the grape, was .put through, made ita poison and a curse. In speaking' of prohibition and local option, Mrsr Leavitt reniarked-that 38,000- votes were recorded in favour of prohibition over non prohibition in America, -and that there were: at present: five States of the Union under prohibitive laws. As an; instance of the results in one State.no less than thirteen breweries had been swept away in Maine. Mrs. Leavitt contended that it w as not a sumptuary law, and that though ?we had no right to say what people should eat or drink, yet when by the sale of liquor wrong; evil, and crime followed, it was only right to put it down. The subject was ably dealt with, facts and figures being'carefully brought forward to prove the benefits to be derived fronv prohibitory laws- with regard to the sale of intoxicants.' 