assists CESTON.. FROM OUR OWN CORRESPONDENT. 1 '? i > i In, I i J ,, Tuesday. At the polled court to-day John, Anderson pleaded guilty to ' obtaining a , pair of blankets, a ring, and juries trousers, from Mr. R Rusden,^rnper^St. John street, by false representation, on the 18th last, and was sent to gaol for four months. Thos. Hall was convicted' of stealing a side of salt pork, the property of a Mrs. Sarah Fahey, the .landladylofi/the Cornwall'Motcl/oh'the 18th inst., and sentenced to three months' imprisonment Charles Wilkins, a young (man from, Melbourne, was charged with! stealing a coat, trousers, and, vest, the property of Messrs. Murphy and Co ; Charles hut put thern'bdefc'agáin.' Subsequently the yearswas missed! and ll fe' was apprehended,' but the property was'nofidiBcoVered! The Bench" considered there was a want of evidence to prove the theft, and discharged therefor dance at the same time recommending all drivers not to leave goods' hanging outside their premises after dusk. 'in . ! ,, ,fBr.ELECTRIC TKXKORAPH,I, area i In I I.. ii it is a a a a a a .'..iii» 1 At the Mnçino,Board'moeting this after noon Mr. J. Norton Smith,! in reply to some enquiries of the board, stated that red myrtlot).deckingN,fpr wharf! construction could be supplied in- 12ft. lengths, at 12s. 6d. per 100 ft,, > and red myrtle piles 18ft.. tp 24ft. at from ls'.,-t3a..Uo' Is', 6d, nqnrunmng foot, Warden Ditcham I said, as the price, was greater than hard- wood, andjhisoxperiencqf was not in favour of the rod myrtle,'he'hoped the board would not have anything to do Without The Mayor thought as there were large forests of the timber, auditions successfully used by the BisehoßJC9.,ani}iclsewhoro,ithe board, in its own interest, andiforitae guidunceiof'tho generally bJio,:s|)DuI[l make and experimental use of a small quantity. Warden Sadler concurred in the Mayor's remarks, and moved, -"j That trial J)o; made off a small quantity of red myrtle timber and piles under the direction of the Master Warden." The Mayor seconded tho/jraotion,'.which was carried. The Master Warden of the Hobart Board wrote, saying that the board had favourably considered the request of, the Launceston Board, and had decided to continue the ¡serviceäiof.a.third man at (Low Head LIght house who should do the signalling work for |Liuuaoaton,'provided!tho Launceston Board paid £50 a year towards his salary. The Master Warden stated that Mr. John Clark, the. Government. inspector of machinery, had arrived from Hobart and had already consulted with 'Mr. Lowes, the' board's engineer, and the special committee [vvithregaid to the specifications for the new England launch, the result would be that the board would shortly be able to order the tug' (and launch. lit/ i/is The resident engineer submitted, an estimate of the proposed repairs to the Queen's Wliarfshed, which will be considered next week. ,§ . . Captains Aub ji find Stcelo,applied.for. exemption certificates under the Tamar pilot regulations, and an examination of the applicants was ordered. - l 6 .*'?>-?>? Warden Ditcham moved, That the Master Warden make such arrangements ABJ will enable any member of this board to inspect the buoys, beacons, or any other work being carried on under the jurisdic- tion of the Marine Board, at least every six' months, and further, should it be deemed necessaries anytime to survey part of the river with a view to laying down new buoys, erecting new beacons; or any other special work the Wardens should be advised on the 'same, and invited to inspect the carrying out of such works" The motion was not seconded and consequently lapsed. ''- "I ''""J Warden Ditcham then moved" that a , second white buoy be placed on' the' S. E. end of the Hebe reef in not less than five fathoms of water' ; " but this motion also failed to find any, other support, and also lapsed. Í .' ' ! ' ' , j An officer's council of the Salvation Army was opened at the Divisional War Office, this morning, under the presidency of Commissioner Howard All the officers of the Tasmanian, division, numbering 1 23,, were present. In the morning the commissioner dealt with the spiritual condition of the officers,' and in the" course of his remarks said as no imitation of , life could take, the place of life itself, so no mental' capacity 'or ability could form a substitute for the spirit of the Holy Ghost. He contended, above everything, that the Salvation Army work must be sustained. The commissioner also expressed his appreciation of theBp.ritof devotion evinced by the officers, The afternoon meeting was devoted to considering the' means' and methods of dealing with the children. Special attention was called to the Little" Soldier's department of the work, and various means suggested with reference to the children of the soldiers. To-night there was air officers demonstrations led by the commissioner at the Barracks. The differed officers gave incidents of the virus that had come' under their own notice. The meeting was largely attended, and a good deal of enthusiasm manifested. ,¡1 1 1 "J I (I ' 1 1 L 1 1 At the parade of the Rifles this evening the men were paid for the last Easter En- campments semen. Afterwards the Rifles and Cadets, preceded by the band, marched through the principal.Jstreets, and were dismissed at the drill yard on their return. 