THE CAIRNS TRIUMVIRS. (To the Editor of the CAIRNS POST.) SIR,—It grieves me, Sir. beyond measure, to find you censuring those three inestimable citizens, Kingsford, Kenny, and Walsh. Those are three men, Sir, such as only arrive on this planet at long intervals, and base, indeed, would be the ingratitude of this world if it allowed them to retire to their little six feet cots without some tangible evidence that they were properly appreciated. It is the fate of most great men to suffer from a lack of appreciation. Genius, like virtue, has generally no other reward but itself. I have known the great Kingsford in past years, and traced with awe and wonder his comet-like track as with blazing tail and the red fiery shirt of glory he careered through the universe of political and municipal constellations, scattering systems in his track. He became mayor of the metropolis at a time when no one else among the aldermen would risk accepting that perilous position, and he distinguished his period of office by such a dazzling dis- play of ability that Brisbane after a period of twelve years has barely recovered from the shock. I saw him again as he ascended the giddy heights of Parliamentary grandeur, and stood sadly by while he tumbled head- long from the summit in a shower of decayed hen eggs; and a blast of perfume that would have hurried a Chinese fisherman into a premature grave. After that manifestation of ingratitude, and four-year old eggs, the great man retired, like Charles the V., to .... affairs, to ruminate on the uncertainty of elections, and lay dark and deep designs on the Cook electorate. To compare the mighty with the insignificant (and you will pardon my irreverence in doing so, even by way of illustration) the great R. A. K. reminds me of an old game rooster I once possessed, a pugnacious bird that in successive combats had reduced his toil to one solitary feather which left him the object of ridicule and derision from the whole population of the barnyard, but did not prevent him from strutting round and fondly believing that he was the most talented and handsomest old rooster on his side of the equator. The one solitary tail feather of R. A. K. is the fixed and lonely idea that he is the wisest man who has appeared on this earth for the last twenty-five thousand years. He will carry that feather to the grave. Mr. James Kenny must also calmly, submit to a comparison with my old game rooster. (Heaven forgive me for dragging that ancient honest bird into a humiliating position and insulting his respected memory). Mr. Kenny's solitary tail feather is a fixed idea that the streets of the New Jerusalem are paved with mangrove mud and pencil cedar sawdust, and that he has immortality before him as the first man to introduce this infallible celestial asphalt to the notice of the human race. Once in a court of justice a witness swore positively that the prisoner stole a goose. "Now, sir !" said the judge, "How do you know it wasn't a gander?" "How do I know ; you baint on old 'ooman,” said the irreverent witness. When I look at R. A. K. and J. K., I some-, times feel tempted to cherish a dark un- worthy suspicion of the gender of these two antediluvian fossils. May Heaven forgive me ; but as their gender is no concern to any but those immediately interested, we will pass on, to be reminded of a sentence from Lytton Bulwer, that. ' God only knows how much mischief is done in this world by old gentlemen whose wisdom consists only in their appearance, and who conceal more than the madness of Sir Launcelot beneath the grave and solemn exterior of Dr. Syntax. Of Callaghan Walsh I know very little, but I am a man sometimes satisfied with little, and in this case have, nothing further to desire. An old acquaintance of his, and no SoM»l ««««MwllW«%iM M«)MtBrl ofhiK.agM, ^ W » » ttw . «MK to the colour of his hair!'' Those who know the many excellent and noble quali- ties of the Australian warrigal will see at a glance the sublime depth of eulogism con- veyed in that one simple unsophisticated sentence. Thus do the great Cairns Triumvirate pass before us, and if an Allwise Providence has denied to all of us a knowledge of what use the three of them were intended for in this world, it is possible we may yet be enlightened on the probable destiny of Hen Egg Kingsford, Mangrove Kenny, and Warrigal Walsh, after they are dead; when the ghost of Kingsford, like Alfonso, wants to offer advice to the Creator; when Kenny has a contract to Asphalt Paradise, and Walsh is howling at his small commis- sion on the sale of harps. A CROCODILE. A meeting of the committee of the Cairns District Hospital was held yesterday (Wed- nesday) afternoon, at the Divisional Hall. There were present—Messrs. R. T. Hartley . (chair), D. Patience, A.J. Draper, and Revs. Father O'Byrne and G. R. F. Nobbs. A telegram was received from the Colonial Secretary stating that £250 would be for- warded to the committee as early as possible in the new year. The appointment of warden and matron to the institution was further proceeded with, and on the motion of Mr. A. J. Draper, seconded by Rev. Nobbs, it was decided to give the appoint- ment to Mr. and Mrs. T. E. Smith, of Sydney, who, we believe, have had previous experience, in the work. 