An actor who crosses the ocean the first time does not enjoy his new roll. in a certain sense, we are all peers and nobles. Did not each of us begin life as a bare-un? The " Vagabond" says " ghosts never ap pear to me." Perhaps not, but how about spirits 1 Let us trust that Mr. Ball will not find Ring Theebaw, of Burmah, a "white ele phant" on his hands. "Gossiping," says an exchange, "in some persons is nothing less than a disease." A kind of rumor-tism, we suppose. "Well," said an Irish attorney, "if it plate the court, if I am wrong, in this, I have another point that is equally conclusive." A firm advertises -" Bicycle protectors." What is chiefly wanted in this city is some. thing to protect the public from bicycles. Customer-" These neckties don't seem quite up to the marti." Shopman (with wounded dignity)-"" Sir, I never wear any others I" Lady--" I -want half a pound of ham." Butcher-" Will madame nave it in one piece)" Lady-"No; please cut it as thin as possible-we have visitors." An eminent astronomer says "it would take ten years to photograph the heavens." Gracious I Pretty nearly as long as it takes to photograph the baby. (Scene, iunsler's; time, hot-wind day.) Gent. (to friend on opposite side of table) "I say, 1 want sometning to lay the dust; send the wine carte round." The Argur indulged in a half column giggle of satisfacuon over its discovery of toe fact tuat tne Britis soldier was btill brave. Who ever doubted it Now is the season wohn the members of our scratch dramatic companimes that -" take the road" should notice wrether the same is in good repair-for waliung back. A ditfuse driveller intorms the readers of the Hterald that the expresuon " all men are equal" is a " famous etium uf the Amerincan constitution." Is it? Sance when The word "masher" has become a little shop-worn. Hlow will it do to substitute gommeux, which is French for the same cattle, and has a sort of lumtnm sound! Journalism is looking up. We read care. fully turough three long accounts of the recent bust tires and didn t see one allusion to toe " dread destroyer " or the " destroying element." A health journal advises-" Do not lie on the left side." *Lts is a very proper admoni tion. If you are obliged to lie, be carehul and lie on the right aide. You will find it more protitable. A )paie-cLrscien contemporary prints an arucle seutul, "siuo to l).eunguih Small. pox." But no one wants to~ditingubsh small. pox. What the public want to know is how to extinguishit. We understand that a suburban publican is going to name his'hotel "The Office," so that when his married customers go home late and are asked where they have been all the evening, they can have a plausible answer ready. Here is a conundrum which took the first prize at an entertainment at St. Georgeas Hall some time ago :-When can a man be said to be the possessor of a vegetable time piece? When he gets up at eight o'clock. (When he gets a poato clock.) When a collector goes up to a man and says. " Ah, I happene? to be around and -uuught I'd just present this little bill," it exaperates him awfully to have the man _ay, -Auln iuded, brunaut idea, just call around ouniday and I'll tell you when tocall agas.' (At least, so we're told.) A well-enown Melbourne carriage builder received the following letter, the other day, from the wife of one of the wealthy lower orders:-" air, my husband is a coumn' with me to your shop to-morrer to by a noo carridge. Now ne wants a brooch or a landor, but do you say you ain't got none, cos l want him to buy me a pony phantom." A litue girl up-cuuoutry lately died through drinktug a cupful of wasky. at was proved that the liquor was tba, and, since the occurrence, many tipsters have become alarmed, and sworn ofl drinking anything out water-and gin. A scientist says the earth's surface is slowly changing, and what isa valley to-day may be a mountain a million years hence. A man who contemplates erecting a residence in the valley should remember this, and be prepared to find his house on the top of a high moun tain in the year 1;001,SS5. A daily paper.asks the electors- of the various constituencies to look over the records of their candidates, and return only " good sound men." No, we say, don't do it. We have had in the past far too many represen tatives of that sort. In fact, tme m?jurity were round ment; al sound and no sea . In his latter days, Macidhn, from the languor of age, found that ue could not call up the violence of passion necessary to give Snylock with due impetuosity ; and t is said onat when on the point of rushing on the stage he used to call to the prompter, "Kic my shins! kick my shins l" nopsg that the pnysical pain would supply wat, was w..t tog. Inta is quste suarseeiesue ot olacuss. It is a tnmlg people do n?t lie'tis e.J you .know, but reaiy.uommy Horan snouls gire way to some:younger mat now, as it is =vi dent heis altogetner out ot form. iHe has had-a good time of it and dong 'splendid .work; ann ifbhe akes our advicemhe will retire from'the cricket field tbeore he blots anid reputation by.doifg indifferent work. "If Darwik is right, what then?1 li"a =question lately discussed by the :Rv; G. Walters. Why we suppose that ?iioo of' our tribe at resent caged in the Zoologidil Gariens should' be released and. "alowed: equal liberty to lecture, or stand fur Parlikh mcnt, or join the, police force, or,' ii acet, engage in any pursuit at present monopo. hued oy their lighter colored brethren. The Burmese, in their prayers, appeal to the "5000 nats that guard re?igon." ln some countries gnats hare anranmg but a fostering influencre upon religion i mtey are, on the contrary, rather produnctive of bad language. We belere nats,. in Barmesee, means spirits. But that doesn't alter the case. Spirits (in botties) are quite as dele teridus as mosquitoes to some people, The soundness of the old adage "busainess before pleasunre" received fresh demonstra tion out near Mlalvernm, the other day. A burglar was alarmed in somebody's kitchen, where he was enjoyi-g a midnight lunch, and he was forced to decamp with empty pockets. If he had only litted ins pockets first he might now have money enough to put up an escoion dsepit. Some time since an English general wrote a magazine article about Austraia, and Sobserved that our pohucs were very crude, but that the introduction of more new chums into the arena would give the puresuit more polish and gradually civ?ilise us. If that distinguished g·eneral will lind, in any Englsh-speaking country in the world, anything to match the rows, riots, and rac. I tions that chracterised the recent election in England (according to the home papers), Swa will cancel our present opinion of him and work up a new osd btter me,• • ... " ? ' " , .' :,?,? . : : 