The Kose and tlie Key. — — ?- — ? — ? CHAPTER L.— Lady Veenon. When Maud had closed the door, the bitter smile that had gleamed on her mother's face, with a wintry light departed, and left the bleakest darkness instead. She remained sitting as in a dream where Maitd had left her. with her hands clawed hard together in her hip ; she looked down on the - carpet a yard or so before her feet- darkly, and drew her shoulders together, as if a chill air were about her, and shuddered. How sudden- had been, the alarm ! and now that the . danger was upon her, how fast events were, driving on ! The tiny ring of lie clock over the mantelpiece recalled her. It was twelve o'clock. More than an hour had* passed since Maud had left her. It' had not appeared five minutes. She lit her candle, and ascended the great titairs. still in her dream. Without effort, almost without consciousness of motion, she moved like a ghost along the galleries. Tne homely figure of lean Mrs. Latimer, in her plain black silk dress, startled her like the sight of a stranger. Lady Vernon did not talk to Latimer that night ; she had no questions to ask her. Her veteran maid had never known her so darkly absent before. She told her to leave the two candles on the dressing-table burning, and 'the xnaicL departed, wondering what had gone wrong, or who had vexed * my lady.' Left to herself, Lady Vernon lay still, in that grisly vigilance that in. outward seeming simulates the quietude of slumber. Sometimes, for five minutes^ her eyes were closed ; sometimes wide or-en for as long. She heard the pulse of the a. : *;ry in her temple drum on her pillow ; and her heart beat harder than a heart at ease is wont to throb. Lady Vernon had now lain awake in her bed for an hour. She grew hopeless of the rest she felt she wanted. At last she got up, unlocked her dressing-case, and took out one of its pretty cut glass, bottles, with a golden cap over its stopper. It contained the infusion of .opium in. water, which De Quincy mentions as the fluid approved by those who use that. drug on a large scale. - Lady Vernon had recourse to its potent magic only., when sleep forsook her, as at present. This of late had happened often enough to cause her to apply to it with increasing doses. It failed on this occasion, and produced, in stead of quiet, exaggerated excitement. At- length the lady rose, and in her dressing gown and slippers sat down at her table, and wrote a passionate letter to Captain Vivian, sum moning 'him to Eoydon, and promising to open her heart to him if he would come. This letter written, she again had recourse to the little cutglass bottle, and this time with success. In a few minutes she lay in a deep, motionless slfeep. In the morning when she awoke the vengeful drug, exacted its compensation. She felt stunned by the potent medicine. She had locked the letter in her dressing-box. The first thing in the morning she took it out and read it. No; it would not do. The glamour of the opium was over it. She burnt it at the candle that 'was still flaring at her bedside, pale and smoky, in the early light of morning which, she had admitted at the open shutter. That letter must be very carefully written, she thought.; and other measures must be taken first. It seemed doubtful, altogether, whether it might not be as effectual and wiser to write only to old Mr. Dawe. She did cot come down, to breakfast that morning. Maud was. infinitely relieved; she dreaded the idea of meeting Lady Vernon ; and to her great delight, there came a letter from Jjady Mardykes, naming the day for receiving her at Carsbrook. It said : 'lour Trin,TriTnn. has been so good as to tell Maximilla Medwyn that she will allow you to come .to Carsbrook any day you please. If you can, do come on Monday next; MaxLmilla has promised to be. here early, so if you arrive any time in the afternoon, you will be sure to find her here. I tried to get Ethel Tintern to come ; but she can't, she says, for some time. You will find my house very fulL and ifeere are some odd and, I (think, very amusing people here. MnviTmilg. tells ine that you and she were interested by the rather striking appearance of Doctor AntomarchL I wrote -to a^k him for a day or two ; so you shall meet him at Carsbrook. . He is a wonderful mes merist. Two young ladies are fciiViTig in my room as I write. I hope I am not quite unintelligible in consequence. I hope you like dancing. We dance a great deal; bat you mil learn all our ways in a little time.' There was a. note from Masimilla Medwyn also, seconding Lady Mardykes's invitation, and pro mising to be punctually at Carsbrook on the morning -of Monday, She mentioned also that she had written to Lady Vernon, and was certain, from what' had passed, that she would place no difficulty In the way of Maud's visit to Cars brook.- Of 1&is;, however, Maud was by no means so sure. Lady Vernon did not meet her at luncheon. Maud had gone to the room in secret trepidation. The respite was very welcome ; if she could only make her escape to Carsbroofc:, what a happy change. She was -glad, to learn from 3bnes that Sir Paul and Lady, /Blanket* were to dine at Eoydon, and stay till next day, and that Mx. and Mrs. Fol jambe and Captain Bamme were to meet the worthy baronet and bis wife. She was in hopes of getting away to Carsbrook, Jf she were indeed to be allowed to visit Lady Mar dykes, of which, she had very uncomfortable doubts since the scene of the night before, with out the agitation of another tete-a-tete with her mother. She sent for Jones, and ran up to her own loom, trembling lest she should meet Lady Ver non on ~the'£tairs. I don't know whether Lady Vernon had any secret shziiikuigs of a similar .kind. If she had, she would have disdained them, and played out her game, whatever it was, disdainfully. £ Jones found her young mistress standing at her own window, looking out in an anxious reverie. * * Jones,~do you know where mamma is ?' Maud asked. „ _ * Her ladjship went dowa more than anhour ago to the library, and I tbink-she is there still, for at is only,about ten. minutes since she sent fir Mr. Penrn^nto^o to her there.* * I'm so afraid of meeting her. . I^ioifldsrather ?? :. ' *«jof ^-.winjpUaniss j I dare Say voA'^ge tnaitinig ??????1 i neither of us. Her ladyship does keep things aw ful dull here.' At this moment came a knock at the door. Miss Vernon looked at Jones, and Jones at Miss Yemen* and there was rather alarmed silence, during which the knock was repeated. 'Who is there P^jsaid Maud, after another pause. It was Latimer. ' Come in, Latimer. Are you looking for me P' said the young lady. - * Please, miss, her ladyship wishes to see you in the library/ said Latimer, in her dry way. ' Immediately F .asked Maud, changing color. * So she desired me to say, miss.' * Oh, very well, Latimer. Tell mama, please, that I'll follow you in a moment.* Latimer was gone, and the door shut. ' I wish it was all over,' said the young lady, very pale. ' Stay here, Jones, till I come back.* ' I will, miss/ said Jones, whose heart misgave her now, respecting the visit to Carsbrook. -?'And you won't mind me saying, miss, 'twill behest you should not contradict her ladyship in nothing.' ' I don't think she'll keep me very long. When I come back I'll tell you whether we are going or not/ And with these words Miss Vernon left the room, and proceeded along the gallery, and down the stairs, at a much ; more sedate pace than usual. . It was a very unpleasant excitement, and she felt for a moment almost a little faint as she ap proached the well-known door. She hesitated before it. She wondered whether anyone was with her mother, and with something nearly amounting to the sinking of panic, antici pated the coming scene. ' With an effort of resolution she knocked. fCome in/ said the sweet, cold - commanding voice she knew so well. Maud entered the room, and drew near with the embarrassment of one who knows not what reception may be awaiting her. Her eyes, fixed/ oh Lady Vernon, saw nothing unusual in the serene and cold expression of her handsome face. She heard nothing unusual in her clear, harmonious tones. Her manner was perfectly unembarrassed. Judging by external signs, Maud might have concluded that no recol lection of their fiery encounter of the night before remained in her mother's mind. ' There has come a note from Maxiniilla Med wyn, to-day, telling me that Lady Mardykes wishes you to go to Carsbrook on Monday next. There is nothing to prevent you telling her that you will go. Maud was afraid to ssy how delighted and re lieved she was. She could not say what un toward caprice too strong an expression of her feeling might excite; but «, flush of pleasure glowed brilliantly in her cheeks, . ' It is too late to-day for the Eoydon post ; you can write to-morrow. I have written to Maxi niilla to say what your answer will be/ said Lady Vernon, ' Some people are coming to dine here to-day, and I don't think we are likely to be alone while you remain at home. I only wished to mention that ; and you had better tell Jones, as she is to go with you ; there's nothing more/ * I hope you are pretty well now, mamma ?' 'Quite well, thanks/ said Lady Vernon, cut ting short any possible prolongation of these civilities. 'You remember the story of — Tal- leyrand, was it ? I forget — a Frenchman of the world, who, being bored at every posting-house, through half the journer to Paris, with messages from a gentleman who was travelling the same road, to inquire particularly how he was, re quested the messenger at last to say to the gentleman who was bo good as to make so many inquiries, that he was very well all the way to Paris. So we'll take that hint, I think, and save one another some trouble, and I'll say I'm very well all the way to Monday afternoon. And. now, dear Maud, Fin busy, and I think TO say ^good-bye.' And with this gracious speech, accompanied by a cold little laugh that was indescribably insult ing, she turned to her papers once more, leaving Maud to make her exit with a full and angry heart. * I'm always sorry when I try to show her the least sign of affection. Well, while I remain here, I'll not be such a fool again.' So, with flashing eyes, Maud resolved, as she passed from the library through the suite of rooms beyond it. (to be continued.) 