MARTIN DEVERIL'S DIAMOND. A NOVEL. CHAPTER XX —(Concluded.) Br ADELINE SERGEAUT, Author of " JACOBI'S WIFE," 4XJ. "If I sent him to the inn," answered Fauline, "the whole village would be ringing "with his return by to-morrow morning, and Martin Dcverii would know that he had fnuiiil tie mail for whom he waits. If we il.t iu r limi tonight, I hope to make terms Mitli him and get him oat of the house and sway to IX>ndon by break of day; and then— then—I shall.be able to thank yon, Cicely— lint not before." Her voice had trembled, bat she tamed to the door with a perfectly steady face. Cicely sprang to her side, pat her arms round her neck and kissed her. "You need never thank me," she said. " Do what you like. The whole hoase is at your service. I love von too well to donbt yod, whatever you do.' As she relaxed her hold her eyes fell upon an object which staod beside her basket upon the table. She took it op eagerly and offered it to Pauline. "Take my revolver with yon," she said. "Ialways: beep it loaded in case burglars make their, wjpearance. Iam sore that Robert Le JBreton is worse -than any burglar." \- 41 Then yon had better keep it," said Pauline, with the ghost of a smile. " I think I can protect myself in other ways." She laid the shining little weapon back upon the table, close to Cicely's pillow, and lot the room. As she descended the stairs she did not -hear a door upon the landing open softly behind ber. - A prying, watchful face .came forth; a rdark figure with catlike steps folio wed. her as she made ~her way to the glass door. Carnforth was on the alert. Mra. Le Breton unfastened the door and nttered her husband's name. He appeared oat of the shadows with a dark and sullen face, and angry words npon his tongue. " Why have you kept me oat here so Ions;?" he asked. " I'm wet through pretty nearly. I had a good mind to knock boldly and tell them to let me in. What would you have doneif Ihadf Pauline made no answer. She held the door open and let him enter, then locked and bolted it once more. She had no light, and the passage in which they stood was very dark. Not many yardB from them Carnforth had wedged herself into a niche in the wall, and was listening anxiously to every one of their words and movements. Her only fear was lest Mrs. Le Breton should strike a match and light the lamp in the passage, in which case she coald not hope to escape detection. Sat Mrs, Le Breton did not seem to require a light. " Give me your hand, I will lead yon," she said, in a low, clear tone. "Tread softly," Bofcert, and do not speak for a minute or two; the servants might overhear you. and come down."-. Le Breton muttered some angry ejaculation below his breath ;.t>ut he seemed desirons to satisfy her, and-made an effort to move quietly. The husband and wife passed close to the corner in which Carnforth had bestowed herself. Carnforth held her breath till they .had turned into the wide hall beyond the passage. There was a light burning in the hall, and the maid caught a glimpse of the man's faoe as , Pauline dropped his hand and led the way. She stared with open mouth and eyes: presently a disjointed sentence or two fell from her lips. "Why, if it ain't Robert Le Breton. Thought to be drowned at sea, too! and now come back at midnight and let into Miss Cicely's own honse! What's the word coming to, I wonder!" - She bestirred herself to follow the intruder. It seemed that Mrs. Le Breton was leading the way to -Miss Lorraine's garden-room, which was seldom entered by any one bat Cicely herself. Its separate door into the garden made it a convenient hiding-place for Robert Le Breton. The fire in the grate was still alight, there was a broad sofa on which he could rest; and the kitchen and larder were so close that he coald easily be supplied with food. Carnforth waited and spied whilst Mrs. Le Breton stirred the ifire, turned np the gas, and set food before the man who had so strangely and unexpectedly appeared npon the scene. At first little conversation passed between the two; bat when Le Breton's bodily wants were satisfied, it was plain that he wished to discuss some matter with his wife. Camforth's curiosity was by this time greatlv excited. She bethought herself of a large store cupboard which had been let into the wall between the garden-room and an adjoining apartment. There, sorely, she would be able to hear something of what was earning. 8he hastened to hide herself within it; bat she had little reward for the puns she took. The wall was so thick that she could scarcely hear more than an occasional word or two. Now and thai, when the voices were raised, she caught a name, a phrase, an ejaculation: bat hardly enough even on which to found a theory. Carnforth was nearly as much puzzled at the close of her \- eavesdropping as she had been before. " Well, said Robert Le Breton, as he .finished bis supper, and turned somewhat sullenly to his wife, who had waited in silence for the conclusion of his meal, " will yon tell me now what all this flummery means." What flummery ? "This lie of Deveril's—or whatever his 'name may be." " Don't jon know hlfl name ? • " Hang it all!" exclaimed Le Breto^ with sudden violence, "will you leave off this beating about the bash, and tell me what yon know about Deveril and his cursed diamond?" . . •«1 know this, that after pretending to assist him, and having left one of the men who bad previously attacked him bound to a tree in the blazing son, you treacherously struck him down; then, thinking that he was •dead, you robbed him of a number of precious stones, and left him in the middle of the •road. I presume that you ware interrupted in year work, or you would have thrown him over thelprecipice." : She saw from the change which passed across his face that Deveril's story had been strictly true. Rage, hate, and fear would not else have been so legibly imprinted upon his countenance. He answered with a vehement denial of the charge. Pauline looked at him contemptuously. " You are not very wise, Robert," she said, "coldly. " You never know when it ia your Interest to speak the truth. You had much better trust me. I might be useful to you if I knew the whole story; halt tratbs are dangerous things." " I know that when you do choose to help a fellow yoa can do it well, Polly. You've a better head than I have, any day. Bat as fcr old Deveril's tale, why- " IB it not true?' said Pauline, keenly regarding him. J£B hesitated, looked at her furtively from beneath his buSi>J> dark eyebrows, and then tried to laugh. " Suppose it were," he said. " Is it true, or is it not true ?" " Well, Polly, it's true in the main. There was a little scuffle, and I did think that he was dead, and that I might constitute myself his lawfal heir. Bless your heart, if nobody never did anything worse than that in the colonies we should lead a quiet life, and no mistake." Pauline's delicate eyebrows, her mobile mouth, and quiet eves, expressed a degree of scorn which even Robert Le Breton could not mistake,-although she did not speak a word. „ " Confound i t h e said angruy; what are you staring at me in that way for?" "I was wondering how many more falsehoods you meant to tell," said his wife with cool contempt. " It is extraordinary to me that you do not see how much more to your own advantage it would be to speak the truth sometimes. I suppose it is impossible to yoa. Well, let us take all the story for granted. I want no more details. I only wish yoa to understand one thing—that Martin DeveriL the old man whom yoa tried to murder, and Joel Bray, the miner (who became mad from the effects of your cruelty), are both in England, waiting for you, Deveril, in order to put yoa in prison for robbery ; Joel Bray, in order to avenge his wrongs by rather more -violent measures. I know where they are; I coald give yoa np to them if I choose." "But yon don't choose, Polly? You wouldn't do it." "I thoasht you Baid that you were inno- " Yoa wouldn't give me UD—even if I had robbed the old fellow, would you, Polly J" _ "I have not many scruples about it, Robert. I am not -sure that I ought not to give you up. I am very sorry for that poor old man. heart is set npon finding you." .He uttered a groan of impatience. She smiled at it; she played with him as a cat plays with a moose. " It might be my duty. You have been a bad husband to me; I might wish to be revenged." Then suddenly she changed her tone. « Come, Robert," she said, " I do not want to be hard u^on you; bat if yoa will tell me the whole story, and promise me one or two things that I am going to aek, then I will help yoa to elude the search of Martin SeveriL But I will have the story and the promisefirst. " You shall have the whole story, said La Sireton, doggedly. "And if yoa don't like $t it iron'i be my fault," He told the truth this time, as far as it was; in his nature to tell the truth at alL He gave her a fairly accurate account of the miner's attack upon Martin Deveril, aad did not try to conceal the fact that he had been anxious to obtain possession of the diamond for himself. "Bnt, hang it!'' he concladed, "there wasn't a stone in the lot that was worth the risk I ran. Now tell me where old Deveril is ?" " If I tell you will you go away and leave me in peace? Will yoa agree to my staying here, and not write to me, or trouble me again? And will jou tell me what has become of the stones ?" " You're hard on a fellow," said Le Breton, sullenly. " 1 wanted you to go with me to America. I've never cared for any woman as I care for you, Pauline. You always suited me down to the ground. Y on knew all my ways. But I suppose that I should not get yon away from Lady well very easy; you've got too eood a berth to throw it np in a harry. All right; I won't bother you to come. Only, just tell me where Deveril is, that I may keep out of hiB way, and I'll be off and never trouble yoa again. The stones ? I lest every one of them when I was swept overboard; I swear I did." " Yoa -had better leave the house before daybreak, then," said Pauline, with perfect tranquillity; "for Martin Deveril lives in Ladvwell, and you will hardly escape him if you show yourself in the open street." 