Christmas: Its Customs and Festivities. * Tss season of universal happiness and kindly feeling has again 00219 round. Hospitality, charity, peace and goodwill spread over the . country at this periol of the year like some -sweet incense. What heart docs not dilate withj.minglod .pleasure and regret at the me mory of soenes of other Christmas seasons—at the recollection of faces no more seen on earth; Bat even our regrets are softened by the universal season of rejoicing and goodly cheer. We catch the pervading fooling of the time, and the sorrows and trials of the year that is dying are forgotten. Aujong the ancient superstitions connected \- with* Christmas was one which represented the prostration of the powers of darkness at this season. Evil was for a time banished from the earth, human passions, envy, hatred, and all uncharitableness were lost in tbc universal senti \- most of brotherhood and human sympathy, asso ciated- with the event that the festival com • memorated. No evil influences could be exerted in mankind by the powers of darkness. The . ghosts of old fends and quarrels were laid. The cock was supposed to scare away all malignant spirits. Shakspeare expresses this idea very beautifully in the words which he puts into the mouth ofVarceUns in Hamlet:— •" It faded on the crowing of the cock. Some say that ever 'gainst that season comes Wherein our Saviour's birth is celebrated. This bird of dawning singeth all uizht long, . And then they say no spirit dares stir abroad; The nights are wholesome; then no planets strike, .No fairy takes, nor witch hath power to charm, Bo hallowM and so gracious is the time. Oar. ancestors regarded Christmas in the double light of a holy commemoration and a •joyful festival, and honoured it by devotion, vocation from business, merriment and hos pitality. No salutation was proper without' :inerrr Christmas." It would have been an unpardonable act of forgetfulness to conclude *& letter without 4' the compliments of the season." Christmas Day, as every schoolboy knows, is the festival of the nativity of Jesus Christ. Formerly some communities of Christians cele brated it on the 1st or the 6th of January, and others on the 29th of ilarch, the time of the Jewish passoyer, while a few observed it on the 29th of September, the Feast of Tabcruades. The eastern churches celebrated the Nativity on the 6th January, while the western churches Observed .the 25th December, but in course of time the latter day was generally adopted. According to ChiyBOstom, who lived in the fifty century, the present day was adopted by Julius L, Pope and Bishop of Rome from 33*7 to 352 A.D., as the fettorum ominiwn metropolis, bnt some other doubtful authorities sav the dav was fixed by St Telesphorus, between 128 antl 139 a.z>. :Many of the popular observances of Christ mas Day are traceable to Pagan customs. The early Christian fathers sought to soften the .revels of the Roman Saturnalia by adapting them in a modified form to the solemnities of Christian festivals, in order to render them sub servient to the cause of religion and piety. The pagan Saturnalia -was connected with the Worship of the sun under the name of Saturn, regarded as the visible manifestation of tho deity, worshipped under the name of Odin or Wodin by the Scandinavians' Mithras by the Persians, and Baal of Bel by the Phcenicians or Carthagians. Among the ancient Britons the Christmas festivities were mingled with •Drnidieal rites and ceremonies, and later with the. customs of the ancient Germans*and Scandinavians. - Among these were the yule log; At the feast of Jnnl at the winter solstice, the Scandinavians kindled huge fires in honour of their god Thor. Some historians think the custom is even of older origin, and may be tneed back to the heathenish practice of pac ing through the fire. In old English country houses there was, and still is, a custom of dragging in a ponderous log from the woods to the widest chamber of the hall or baronial castle. The wayfarers reverentially saluted the log as it passed because they recognised it ,as' Jhe symbol of hospitality and good cheer. The most cross- grained block of elm was generally selected for th* yule log, and the half • burnt remains wore prc-servod until next fee&son; as a charm against fire in the house. An old song runs:— ■ !Kindle the Christmas brand, and then \- Tjn sunns set 1st It borne; Wnioh quencht, then lay it up ogen ' Till Christmas next returne. • Part must be kept wherewith to reend The Christmas log next ycare. And where His safely kept the flfcnd •. Cat do no mischleie there. it was regarded as a sign of bad luck if a squint-eyed person entered the liall when the log was burning, and the arrival of a flat-footed woman was a dire portent of evil. In Scotland the yule log is the " ash ton fagot," and in De vonshire and 'Cornwall, 44 the mock." Tlie Goths and Saxons called the festival ynl or vule, said to be derived from the naiuo of a hymn in honour of Cores, but tlio term is more probably another form of the word g\ul or Jii'tf, \ a wheel, Christnms being the turning point of the year, or the period at which-the sun made | the revolution in his circuit and entered on his northern journey. Herrick gives the fol lowing verse on mo dragging of the yule 1 log:— Come bring with noise, MV merry merry l»oys, The Christmas log to the firing, AVhile my good dmuc she Bids nil ye oe free, And drink to your heart's desiring. Among the ancients it was considered un lucky if Christmas Day fell upon a Sunday. An old MS. in the British Museum contains the | foflowinar verses:— Lonlsrhigs, I warn you all bcforiie, Yof that day tlrnt Chryste "was bonio Falle uppon a Sunday. That wyntcr shall be good fur fay, . But greto wyndes aloft shalbe, '* The somer shalbe fajTe and dr>*e. There are people in these days who believe that Friday is an unlucky day for Christinas, as well as for most other things. During the commonwealth Christmas Day lost much of that spirit of revelry and fun which was wont to characterise it in the earlier times. ' The Puritans went so far as.to make a ridiculous attempt to abolish the rejoicings and festivities of the season, and to convert the day Into one of dismal fasting and prayer. The old fashioned Christmas Dar was threatened with extinction by act of ^Parliament. But national sentiment and custom were proof against even the pious iconoclnsm of the Puri tans. We are told in the sarcastic songs of the day that these eescetics hated even the time honoured mince pie:— The high shoe lords of Cromwell's making Were not for dainties—roasting, baking: The chiefeat food they found most good in Were rusty bacon and bag pudding; Plum broth was popish, anu mince pic, O, that was flat idolatry. Sir Rodger de Coverlv, however, thought there was some hope for a dissenter when ho saw him enjoying plum porridge on Christmas Day. When cards were regarded as the engines | of Satan, the fine old English gentleman en ' joyed a special indulgence on Christmas Day when the family pack was produced from the mantlepiece, and brandy garnished with toast and nutmeg replaced the ordinary ale. Whis tlecroft describes how a sumptuous feast was given at Carlisle, when people from every corner of the country were freely entertained. The bill of fare contained— Hogsheads of honey, kilderkins of mustard. Muttons and fatted beeves and bacon swine, Herons and bitterns, peacocks, swan and bustard, Teal, mallard, pigeons, widgeons, and, in fine, Plum puddings, pancakes, apples and custard, * - '- drank u ' ~ And therewithal, they drank good Gascon wine, With mead and ale and cider of our own, For porter, punch, and negus were not known. - All sorts of people there were seen together, All sorts of characters, all sorts of ureases; The fool with fox's face and peacock's feather, Pilgrims aud penitents and grave burgesscss. The country people with their coats of leather, Vinters and victuallers with cans and messes, Grooms, archers, varlets, falconers and yoemen Damsels and waiting maids and waiting women. All the old songs show that our English ancestors keenly appreciated good living. One of the early poets sings:— Now nil our neighbours* chimmeys smoke, Anil Christmas blocks are burning, - Their ovens they with baked meat choke, Aud all their spits are turning, . . . Without the door let sorrow lye, And if for col<l it's apt to die. We'll bury it in the Christmas pye, And evermore be merry. Tho custom of decorating the house with green boughs and flowers is derived from an old heathen practice. The Druids decked the houses with evergreens in December, in order that the sylvan spirits might repair to them and remain unnippcd with frost and cold winds until the milder season had renewed the foliage of their favourite abodes. Says Polydore Vergil, "Timmyng of the temples with hangyngcs of floures, boughes, and garlandcs was taken of the heathen people, which decked their idols and houses with such array.'* Stow, in his Survey of London, informs us that " at the feast of Christmas every man's house, as also the parish churches, were decked with holme (the evergreen oak), ivy, bayes, and whatso ever the season of the year afforded to be green." In several parts of Yorkshire it used to be customary for the maid servant to ask a man for ivy to decorate the house, and if he refused or neglected to fetch in a supply the maids stole a pair of his breeches, and nailed them tip to a gate in the yard or high way. Worse than all the offender lost the privilege of kissing the girls under the mistle toe. The mistletoe was called by the Druids " the all heal." This plant was regarded by them with the utmost veneration when found grow ing on an oak, the favourite tree of their divinity, Tutanes, who appears to have been identical with the Phoenician god Baal, or the sun. At the Christinas season the Chief Druid, clothed in white, an emblem of purity, ascended an oak tree, and with a golden sickle cut the plant, which was caught by another priest in the folds of his robe. The mistletoe was then distributed in small portions among the people and hung up over the entrance to their dwell ings as a propitiation and shelter to tho sylvan deities. The growth of the mistlet mistletoe on tho oak is now of rare occurrence, but in many j parts of England it flourishes on the apple tree. Tho laying of mistletoo on tho Draiaical, altar proclaimed public and universal liberty, pardon and freedom to all inferior, and even wicked, people. In "TheFireeido Book" thero is a lively description of the timo- honourcd custom of kissing under the mistletoe bough, and the people are asked to do homage— To.thc honest bliss Of the hearty kiss Where the mistletoe was swinging, When the berry white Was claimed by right • On the pale green branches clinging. • When the warm blush enmo From n guiltless shame. And the lips so bold In stealing1 Hiut never broke The vows they spoko Of truth and manly feeling. Tliere used to be an idea prevalent among the girls, evcu in our days, that tho girl who was not kissed under the mistletoe at Christmas | would not be married in the following year. j In the old days the boar's head was the ! piece reiistattce of the festive board. Its ad vent was heralded by a flourish of trumpets, ! accompanied by strains of merry * minstrelsy. It was borne on a dish of gold or silver to i the banqueting hall by a stately procession of nobles; knights, and ladies. We read in on old book how Lord Jersey sent Mrs. Ford a boar's head as a love token, "and that the lady, amused at a present so novel, said she would have eaten it had it been eatable. Next in import ance to the boar's head came the peacock. Sometimes the whole body of tho bird was 'covered with'gold'leaf and'a ptece of cotton' saturated with spirits, which wero lighted before ' tho company commenced operations. The peacock wiia only served to ladies of dis tinguished birth or beauty.' The plum pudding described by Rabisha in 1675, and by Addison, rbore a close rcsemblanco to that of our own (times. Oho of the popular Christmas dishes, (was " pye," which Misson describes as <l a great nostrum, a most learned mixture of neats* 'tongues, chicken, sngar, raisins, lemon, orange peel, and various kinds of spicerv." Here is | a verse from an old song:— I i Come guard this night the Christmas pye, \i That the thief, though ne'er so slie, I} With his flesh hooks don't come nio I! To catch it : From him, who nil nlono sits tliere, I; Having his eyes still in his care, 1\. And a deal of mighty fearc. : • To watch It. I If the cook did not have the Christmas " pye " ready in the morning the young men would j take her by the arms and run her round the I market as a punishment for her laziness. The good ale wife used to attract customers with4t a bra' goose pye." Plum porridge was a kind of soup with plums. To these dishes were added great sirloins of beef, capons, turkeys, geese, and other dainties. In the minds of High landers Christmas is associated with recollec tions of the Prechdachdan, sour scones, the kiavomuchd, luckvouil, sonsy haggis, and other national dishes. Snapdragon has been a favourite Christmas amusement from time immemorial, and thero is little doubt that it can be traced to the fiery ordeal of the middle ages, or the customs of the Druids. We are told in tho old play of " Linguia " that when Hercules had killed the flaming dragon of Hesperia, he made a dainty dish with the apples of the orchard, and called it" Snapdragon." It is hardly necessary to inform the reader that in snapdragon raisins are deposited in a large shallow dish, brandy or 60me other spirit poured over them and ignited, and that the fun consists in snatching tho fruit out of tho flames. It is usual to extinguish the lights during the game, so that tiie lurid glare from the flaming spirits may exercise to the full its weird effect. Thoro is an appropriate song for the occasion:—■ ; Here he comes with flaming bowl, Don't he seem to take his toll I Snip! Snap I Dragon 1 \ Take care you don't take too much Be not greedy in your dutch, Snip!. Snap! Dragon! With his blue and lapping tongue • ilany of you will be stung, Snip! Snap! Dragon! -. For lie snaps at all that comes, Snatching at his feast of plums, Snip! Snap! Dragon! . The institution of the Christmas-tree comes from Germany, aud, is comparatively of recent introduction. Tho tree is arranged "by the senior members in a particular room of the house, and in the evening the children are assembled in an adjoining apartment. At a given signal the door is thrown open, the children rush in and eagerly demolish the tree, the names of tho respective recipients being written on the articles. Santa Clans iB also of German origin. Before going to sleep the children hang up their stockings, whicn are filled during the night by the mysterious Santa Clans. "Wliero the ch3a has been naughty the custom is to put in a rod instead of sweetmeats. ! Jeremy Taylor refers to the ancient custom of singing Christinas carols as derived from the hymn sung by the angels on the plains of Bethlehem: " As soon as these blessed choris ters had sung their Christmas carol and taught the church a hymn to put into her voices for ever in the anniversary of this festival, tho kngels returned into heaven." Hilton also has the same idea in his " Paradise Regained"— TH* place of birth the solemn angel tells To simple shepherds koeping watch by night. They gladly thither haste, and by a quire Of squadroned angels bear his carol sung. The carols were originally of the rudest kind, but in process of time assumed a more polished and harmonious form. The earliest specimens are in Norman French, and belong to the 13th century. The Puritans composed devout carols, which were collated in a book published in Edinburgh in 1621, entitled, "Tho gude and Godly ballutes, one compendious book of Godly and spiritual! gangs." The word carol is derived from cjntarr, losing, and rola, an interjection of joy. In Scotland the custom of singing Christmas carols was discouraged by John Knox, but in Wales it exists to a greater extent than in England. Baruaby Googo translates tho following from tho Latin of Neogoorgus:— And for to help them hcaro, Tho orguns uunswero every verso With sweet and solemn ehearo. The priestes doe roro aloud, and round About the parents stand, To sco the sjxirt and with their voyoo Doo hclpe them and their haadc. Tho waits wero formerly watchmen, who called out the hours of tho night. When they became musicians, tlioy were usually court pages, or minstrels attached to tho king's court. InTxmdon tho waits usod to wear a badge on the arm to denote that thoy wero tho Lord Mayor's musicians. In an old ongrnving by Bloomardt, a wait is represented dressed in a viilcawuko lint, with a feather, and a. kind of smock frock, his cheeks distendod' with tho vigour of his exertions on tho pipes— Ho blows his bamiipen soft or strong, Or high or low to liymn or song; Or shrill lament, or solemn groan. Or ihuiee, or reel, or sad Olione; To ail he gives (hie melody. In tho year 1825 a party of Gcnoeso wnita came to England, and such was their musical skill that they could play any foreign time that was called for. In the Tattler wo read that tho young ladies of Nottingham complained of want of sloop by reason of certain riotous lovers, who invested the streets with violins and bass viols from 12 to 4 o'clock in tho morning. In an old song tho people are invited to do honour ivs im? lunufliun Or tho ulud sweet voices blending \Vhc" " " 1 . .lien tho carol rose At the midnight's close To the sleeper's ears ascending. : The mummers occupied a prominent place in the .Christinas revelries of olden times. This custom was also a relic of the Saturnalia, when tho men and women exchanged costumes and Jwore masks., Tho early Christians adopted tho custom from their Pagan neighbours, and tho miracle plays aro said to havo had their origin in the efforts of the fathers of tho Church to give a pious turn to the masquerades of tho ancient mummers. King Henry the VIII. issued an edict against tho mummers, but even the mandate of a monarch was powerless against popular taste. Among the nncient mummers the conspicuous figures were old Father Christmas, the Grand Turk, a Knight of St. George, Oliver Cromwell, a doctor with o euro for everything, and Beelzebub. ; The lord of misrule was the master of cere monies of tho Christmas revelries. - He carried a fool's bauble as a badge of office, and was attended by a page. lie usually commenced the revels by informing tho company that ho hod dispensed with all wisdom, and that they were only to be just wise enough to make fools of themselves. The Puritans denounced these pastimes as "revelry, epicurieme, wantoneese, ldlenesse, dancing, drinking, stage plaies, masques and carxuil pomp and jollity," which " all good Christians should eternally abomi nate." The Christmas pantomime had its place in the ancient grotesque performances. Cibber says they originated in an attempt to make stage dancing something more than motion without meaning. Tho first English panto mime was produced in 1716, and was described as "a new Italian comic scene (never per formed before) between a scaramouoh, a harle quin, a country farmer, his wife, and others." Rich introduced scenes into pantomime consist ing of the courtship of harlequin and colum bine, and at one time the roh of harlequin was not considered derogatory to an actor of reputation, but then it was not like most panto mimes of the present day, mere noise, acrobatic feats, and coarse buffoonery. Tho custom of giving and receiving Christ mas boxes is derived from a similar practice among the Romans during tho Saturnalia. It is said tho Romish priests used to put hoaed, supposed to be under the protection of some patron saint, on board all vessels trading to India, the offerings put into these boxes being for masses for the dead on Christmas Day, which were called " Christ- masses," and hence " Christ-mass boxes.'' The custom of soliciting Christinas boxes is being carried to excess in these days, and is on the decline. Christmas day in thcBe colonics is shorn of many of the good old customs which charac terise its observance at home. In a milder climate, and with ample elbow room, we havo not the ice and snow and wintry winds to drive people to the cheerful fireside, to talk over by gone scenes and memories, and form plans for the year that is to come. Tho reunion of kin dred to the third and sometimes fourth genera tion around one common hearth, from tho white-haired graud-sirc and grand-dame to tho puling infant, is not common here. Our people love tho pure air and open fioldsand outdoor pastimes. But in those feelings of charity, hospitality, and kindly sympathy which are proper to tho season they aro not a whit behind the people at home. Tho volun tary philanthropy of the times, and tho broad sympathy with suffering and misfortune, are attested by the liberal donations to every form of charity without distinction of^ creed. Living in greater comfort and prosperity than tho overcrowded populations of English citioB, tho neonlo are Quicker in their svmpathioa and more liberal in their bcnovolence. -Exchange. 