INTERCOLONIAL. Melbourne, December 27. , The thirty-seventh intercolonial cricket match between Sydney and Melbourne commenced to-day, on the Melbourne Cricket Club ground ; upwards of five thou sand persons were present. The Welshmen occupied the wickets all day, and put together 226 runs. Nearly the whole population devoted itself to pleasure to-day in various forms, going in the evening to all the theatres, which were literally packed. On Saturday last a fire took place on the premises of Messrs. Mamim & Co., print ers, Little Collins-street, owing to which the whole of the January edition of the Australian Journal and a number of the new issue of Gordon's poems were destroyed. The V. A. T.C. Midsummer Races took place to-day at Caulfield, before a good attendance. The following are particulars of the details :— The Selling Race, five and a half furlongs, was won by Hot Iron (Garry), Mr. F- F. Fiddes' Mistake (Saun ders,) being second. Won easily by a length ; time 1 min. 13 sees. The Handi cap Hurdle Race, one mile and three quarters, was won by Goodwood (Ander son) Marion (McGawan) second, and Whalebone {Williams} third. Time 3 nuns. 27 sees. Ihe Summer Cup, one mile and a quarter, £200, was woa by Kohai (Trahan) Levite second, and Metal third. Time 2 miss. 29} sees. The Jurenile Stakes, .£200, five furlongs, was won by Peihaps, by Gang Forward — Peradven- ture — (Fagg), Escutcheon (Ivenay) second, Hortense (Cambpell) third. Perhaps was quickest away, and led round to the turn, followed by Hortense and Escutchion. Approaching the straight Hortense came up, but in the race borne Perhaps won by a length from Escutchion, Hortense being close up ; Sumatra secured fourth place, followed by Epicurean. Time, 1 min. 33£ sees. In the Handicap Steeple Chase, 2| miles, Ruby, by Lapidist — Mincepie, 11 St. 71bs. (Williams) was first, Curiosity, 10 st. 8, (King) second, and Moonlight, 10 st. -4, (Allen) third. The Malvern Handicap, seven furlongs, -was won by Damocles, by Gang Forward — Queen of Naples (Tomlin), Ghost (Williams) second, Honota (Ramage) third. Time, 1 min. 32 sees. Sydney, December 27. It is rumoured that owing to a disagree ment with the Premier (Sir Patrick Jen nings) the Colonial Secretary, Mr. Dibbs, is about to vacate his position as a member of the Government. At the Balmain Police Court to-day ten youths wers charged with being concerned in a riot in front of- the Temperance Hall on Saturday night, ia the course of which a shopman was stabbed in the back, and is now in a precarious condition. The case was remanded. The s.s. Preussen arrived yesterday after noon and anchored off the quarantine station. The passengers landed to-day and were detained for observation; one of the '''»'''. having shown symptoms of small-pox, has been isolated. The bummer race meeting held at Band wick to-day was attended by 25,000 persons. The results were as follow : — The Stakes, £500, five furlongs, was won by the Hon. James White's Abercorn (Hales), Mr. Cooper's Hunting-tower (Kelso) being second, and Mr. Long's Moore-bank (Colley) third. Time, one minute 23}- sees. The Hurdles was won by Unique (Mklone), Deception (C. Philips) second, and Gob olion (Colingberry) third. The Selling Plate was won by Mumirundi, Lord Cochrane second and Rainbow third. The Summer Cup, JB500, one and a half mile, was won by Mr. Forrester's Dagobert (Steeper Earies), Myall King (C. Gough) second, and Mr. Forrester's Krtawa (J. Gough) third. Won by two lengths, in 2 min, 3 sees. The Nursery Handicap was won by the Hon. J. White's Perfume (Hales), Long's Exbank (Colley) second, and Roberts' Orange Blossom (MeAnley) third. The A.J. C. Handicap, .£200, one mile and a quarter, was won by Mr. Cameron's Thewxeck (J. Gough), Mr. Mayo'8 Ravensworth (EaJem) second, and Emerald (C. Gough) third. Won after a desperate race under the whip, by half a head. Time, 2 mine. 10} sees. Adelaide, December 28. Last night the jubilee of the Colony was celebrated, by holding an old colonists' demonstration in the Town HalL Two thousand were present, comprising pioneers of 1836 and other old colonists; »a taMennr depicting some early scenes in Hue Colony was given, and Sir Henry AyereJK.CM.G., delivered an address, in whiah he traced the hirtory of the Colony^from its inception. To-day thousands of people have gone to Olenelg, where the fiftieth anniversary day of the foundation of the Colony is being observed. At noon the Protector fired a Royal Salute and the Mayor entertained the old colonists, of whom there was a large News from Teetulpa continues good, the latest telegrams slating that one load of wash dirt on the western side of Brady's Gully yielded 25 ounces of gold. 