An Unmasked Card-Sharper. THE BTOBY 07 A TOUNO M1H WHO WAS DETECTED CnElTINQ AT A CLOT, Test were discnosing the latest scandal. A young man ol good connections bad been ignominiously expelled from a club.' Playing in collusion with a professional gambler, he had cheated at cards, and in a few months had won a considerable sum. 'And has he killed himself?' asked some one. ' Bah ! ' replied' another. ' Do men kill themselves for eo little nowadays? Itwaodif rent in the good old times.' ' In the good old times, as yon call them,' eaid old .General Boy,' 'those who adopted the oard-eharper's proteseiori killed themselvea no more than do tboBS of the present time. A few exceptions there may have been among those who were detected at the outset. Bnt if the first attempt succeeded, they did ns they do to-day, they quickly accustom themselves to their degradation. Ab, it is BO easy I When respect for his own good name will not restrain a man at thefirst step, it Ib entirely dead -within him, and even a scandal will not revive it. By the' way, I can tell you of 6 curiona oase in point, where the hero blew out bis brains, but it was not suicide. No, etrange as it may sound, it was not a euioide. Listen: - : ''It was some fifty years ago. The press of that time was not the terrible gosBhp that it is to-day, and eenBatianal news never pissed oertain bounds. There were not fewer sc»n dala, but the scandals were less known. In foot, I think there was rather more. Not (bat we were more virtuous, but the fear- ol pub licity is certainly a great cheok. ' ' Among the elegant young fellows, the. gilded youth of those days, who tarnished the greater part of the scandalous gossip by their eccentricities and duels, was a young gentle man attached to the king's household. I shall call him lbs Tioomta Eoland. The name was an illustrious one ; in foot, the vioomte was tbe fruit of one ot tfcoee mixed marriages intradabed bj Napoleon I. Gene ral Comte Eoland,' whose heavy cavalry charges-are mattenrot-history, had married the laughter '4f the Marquis -de I)ran«ic, ; a member of one ol the wealthiest ana 'most fjfltafnl families ; otT/ance. His«m *»«; then itaut twenty -six ye Vs of age. -jHe bad not the robust, plebeian beauty ol his lather, who bad been one tf ihe handsomest inen.'in the army. He was rather the ileUttte and airffnguLstofl grids ol Ms mother, whose i&A; be™.- Hiving loved her huibona pas IpnoWy, tbawton^ wu now: wrij)p«f lip ? in her son. , 'The extravagant life led by the eon had caused a quarrel between tbe parents. The countess lived in the Bransao Hotel, one ol the finest in the Faubourg Saint Germain, while the genera!, 'secluding himself in a little chateau in the forest of Genart, passed his time in the pleasures of the chase. They eay ho had ill-treated his wife, but it was. utterly, untrue. The faot is that JJiere had been between the renerei sod his' wife two terrible ecenee. 'The first was caused by an idea which took possession of the countess. She found this name ' Iloland ' too plebeian tor her son, and tormented her. husband to obtain the iiing'a authority to add to it that 'of Ds Bransao. The general energetically refused. ' ' My name has suffice:! iot me,' said he, 'for me who have' made it famous. It will da tor this fine gentlemen, my son. If he does not find it brilliant enough, let him try to add to its luBtre.' ' The second scene was brought about by the vicomte abducting a ballet dancer, and by a duel and a debt which were the oonsequences of this little pffiir. The general brought tbe son More bis mother and roughly reproved him for bis folly. Instead of supporting her husband, the countess made excuses for her eon. Women always nro indulgent toward tbe man in a love ecrape. 7 ' As the general told his son that his for tune was not sufficient to maintain such scandalous absurdities, the countess un happily interjected : ' Oh, the fortune of the De Bransaoa will amply Eunice for him. ' She had not calculated the effect ot her speech. An hour later the general left the boteland went to his chateau; at tbe end of a week tbe family- notary .informed the countess that her entire personal fortune was at her disposal. The separation was complete, and the .general lived alone on the fifteen thousand francs which constituted the revenue he received from his own fortune. ' The son made ducks and drakes of. ier fortune. At the end of six months the coun tess was halt mined, and the energy of the notary alone saved her bom her eon's extra vagances. 'All at onoe it became known tbat the vicomte Bolsnd no longer belonged to the king's household, and that he had handed in his resignation as lieutenant in a oavalry re giment. That is what was given out, but rumours of a different character were afloat. The countess no longer appeared in public, but confined herself to her hotel. In a few weeks she seemed ten years older. 'The vioomte, alter a voyage of some weeks in Italy, returned to Paris, took apart ments in the Rue de la Chauscee d'Antin, and lived the life of an idler on the pension jit a thousand francs a month allowed him by bis mother. It would be little to-day ; but at that time it enabled a man to make b figure in the fashionable world. He passed his time between love adventureB,the theatres, and the green table. Then little by little his elegaoee and his ecosntriorties began to be talked about. Clubs were not as plentitufas they are now, but the gilded youth and the eamesters bad a tew of them' where lovers of '.be green doth oould amuse themselves, 'One evening when the Vioomte Bolsnd, ifter having won a considerable Bum from one of bis friends, offered him bis revenge, n's opponent rose, and pushing away the :ards, looked at him io a singular manner. ' ' Well, no, Roland,' said he ; ' what with /our luck with women and your luck with £ards, you have too much luck for one'mau.1 'Holand, though somewhat oholeric, de manded no GXnlfinfitinn. find nnntantad him. self with laughing. 'Some days after, the Prefect ot Police announced himself to the general at his chateau. What passed between them I do not know. All that is known of the a&aii; is that they returned together to Paris. ' At eleven o'clock of the evening following that interview, the vioomte was Boated at a table playing ecartc. He had just won ten BucceEsivcs games from an Englishman, who, passing through Paris on his way home, had been introduced at the club. by one of the - members. Boland bad a considerable eum before him. The loser had just risen, and before leaving the table had bowed thrioe, when an elderly gentleman approached the table. ?' Will the Vicomte Boland permit me to take the gentleman's revenge V ' The young man paled. It was his father. ''As you are a bold player, I offer you a bold game. It will be useless fcryoutosay that it is too high. Iisad.' And -the general handed him a note folded twice. 'The vicomte glanced over it, andshud iered visibly. '' Do you accept?' 'He bowed. The general seated himself opposite his eon, cut a king, and dealt the sards. He won the first band. When it was tbe vioomte's deal be trembled slightly, and a strange light shone in his eyes ; nevertheless, be played on. The general won again. 'The vioomte rose, pale as a ghost, and. in a jmothered voice said : ???In an hour, eir, I ehall have acquitted myself.' 'He left the room' without another word, 'On the following morning the guardians of the Bois de Boulogne brought in the body of tbe Vicomte Boland. His head was blown to pieces, hie band still grasping the pistol. In a portfolio \ras found an uniigned eorap of paper, on which were the words : . The later will Mow out hit iraUu. ' The pretended Englishman wae an acoom pliehed card-sharper, sent by the Prelect of Pol joe. The three bowB had been the sign agreed npon between him and the general to indicate that the vicomte hod cheated. - 'The game, was one for life and death between father and bod. Both were dis honored—the eon by bie own act, the father by ibe son's. But this, dishonour was a scoret, whioh threatened to beoome an open shame.- Death obold stifle i t— the soa'adeatb or the father's, lor the* tern old taOiat -would himself have diagraoed his son bad that son not kept their pact. The pries ot the general's secrecy was bis son's life.'— Tiaiulated /mm tU French of UdouardSUbedtr. ?_,.-' 