GAR ME LI (IE: OR THE CONVICT'S BRIDE. A ROMANCE OF ENGLAND AND AUSTRALIA. . FOUNDED ON FACT. By FRANCIS A. DURIVAGE, AUTHOR OP 'Tlio BrolhcrV Secret,' «A lost Ufc... 'Fontdroy,' «te. CITAl'TBH IV. (Continued.) ' Indeed 1' sha exolaimed, with visible emotion. . 'Tea,' ha continued: 'I shall not see that fair face for many a long day.' ' II yoo are detaining me to repeat compli ments I most leave you,' she said, ' Mine is no oommon-plaoe gallantry,' he answered, ' though yon have ohosen to treat it bb sueh. I love you with tho whole force of my soul.' ' Yat renort aavs. mv lord, that mn ln-) it wild lite in London.' \- - 'I did. ^ plunged into dissipation to try J to forget yon.' ' And you are going away to try the same remedy again?' 'Not so, by heaven 1 My Jove for yon has purified my nature. I will, never again do anything that yon would disapprove, for I love you— love you as muoh as yon hats me.' ?. - ' Hate you— t/oii 1' she oried, and Bhe raised her beantiful eyes to heaven as Bhe spoke. ' How oan you be bo cruel 1 Alas 1 what have I said 2' 'Do I really hear aright?' oried Lord Herbert, seizing her hand. ' Ia it possible that you do not spurn me— that you give ma hops?' Jeannette withdrew her hand. 'I giva you no hopo,' sha said. ' I only ask you to let ma go— to pity me. farewell t farewell forever! It you have any regard for me, you will grant ma one boon— forgit me.' 'Forget you 1' . ha eohoed, and was pro ceeding to declare the utter impossibility ot obeying her, but she waa gone, speeding toward tho hall at a rate that forbadepur ' suit, even it ho had attompted to follow heir flying'tootBteps. The next doy be wob on his way to London with Graves, thence to Folkestone, and mid night found them tossing on the channel, ia company with a number of other travelling viotims. ' ? 'Me lad,' said Graves, in an interval of pause from the agonies of sea-eiokness, ' 'ad I hanticipatod snch 'orrors as this, I should have presumed to hadviae going to the Conti nent by land.' Poor GraveB' geographioal knowledge was. ' extremely limited. They, arrived in Paris at a critical moment. Louis PhttHppe in his dotage had defied the popular vtiU, and a political volcano was on the eve ot explosion. Lord Herbert had read the aigna ot the coming convulsion, but poor Graves, happily ignorant of Frenoh, was unaware that the atmosphere was so electrical. He was waiting orders in his master's par logons evening. Travelling in company, the formal intercourse of master end man had yielded to! something like the familiarity tole ratecl on the Continent. . 'Me lad,' Baid Graves, ' there seems to be some kind of a row going on in the streets.' ' Yes ; a very nnoommon kind ot a row.' 'A largo numberof people aresiaging some think or other.' ' The Maraellaise.' ' Hand I perceive,' continued Graves, ' a nnraber of persons with toroheB heaoorting a cart in whioh there are bodies. There mast ?ave been somo kind ot a haooident— a 'ouse tumbling down, per'aps.' 'Yon are right,' replied Lord Herbert: 'and thebuiIdingthathasfalIen,orisIaIling| is the Royal house of Franco.' ' Amazing 1' exclaimed Graved, not at all following his master's drift. Just then there came ,a rattling crash id . the distance. ?. Graves jumped, '1 beg pardon, me lad; bat what wai that?' 'Musketry.' ' And that ?' screamed the terrified lackey, \- as a deeper detonation shook the window panes. ' ' Cannon. Load my pistols. We'll go down into the street and take a hand in thif tow.' ? ' Mo lud 1 me lad 1' oried the terrified flun key, ' if you'd only hexouso my servioes on this hocoasion.' ' Load the pistols, blookhe&d;,' oried Lord Herbert.. . ,, ' . Twenty minutes afterwards, ' Milord Ang lais,' warmly welcomed by the revolutionists, \ was fighting on a barricade— for jast then- he was- a professed liberal— and Graves, mors dead than aliva, loading his cavalry pistohl ns fast as his trembling hands would permit him. ' ? ? 'By Jovel' said Lord Herbert, aa be brought down ~ a royal ourasBier from his . . raddle, ' this iB what I call ' Seal Life in Paris;1' '. r CHAPTER VJ . OBEINA OBEEUi tbo travels and adventures o! Lord Her bert Knightly during a year, the time allotted 1 to his absence, havo no bearing on the move- ' ment oi oat narrative, anct Me, MWidjogly, omitted. . -_ At first the tone of his letters to his mother indicated to that keen-sighted woman that he was ill at ease, and it was evident that he was seeking all sorts ot exoitements as an anodyne for restlessness. Very soon, ' however, he wrote in high spirits, and the coantess felt certain that he was radically oared of his fanoy for Jeannette. He was presented at various foreign courts, and wrote home long letters 'about the ladies he met in sooi&ty.; From 'Vienna ho wrote, 'Thero aro many, lovely woman here, bat wero Lady Fanny Wcstover at court, she would outshine thom all.' This opinion jv^s oommunioated to tha English beauty, and sho thought ' perhaps tho man loved mo a littlo after all.' Still, on the ove of his roturn, tho countess thought it best to giva Jeannette an indefinite leave of absence, supplying her place in the interim. 'I hope to reoall you very soon, my ohild,' said the countess, kindly, as the girl was leaving. Lord Herbert reoeived a warm welcome at Elwood Hall. Ho was the piotare of ruddy health. Long pedestrian tramps in Switzer land, boar- hunting in tho German forests, boating on the Danabe, had developed his muscles and strengthened his constitution. It was a young athlete who grasped the earl's hand and threw his arm around his mother's waist. The day aftor his return he noticed, ap parently for tha first time, the absenoo of Jeannette, and commented on it with the ut most indifference. , ' Do yoa know,, mother,' he said, with a light laugh, 'that I once thought the girl was ( wonderfully pretty. Seeing the smart French servants, though, spoils ono for tbiok English waists and ankles.' H the coantess was delighted to find that her boy oame baok hoart-whole, the oarl was equally pleased whon he found that, instead ot overdrawing his aooount, ho had brought back a handsome sum, notwithstanding the extent of his travels and the duration of his absence. 'Do you know, father,' said the young man, ' that the example ot the foreign no bility teaohes ono to eoonomlze ? Lavish ex penditure, with tbcm, is a mark of horrible vulgarity. In Franoe and Germany we try to find how much pleasure we can seoare for a little money ; here, how much money we oan spend on a little pleasure.' One important change in Lord Herbert's domestic arrangements had taken place. Mr. Graves had left his service to aooept tha placo as head- waiter in a Swiss Hotel. His placo had been supplied by a French valet Mr. Eogene Ls Fleur — a keen, black-eyed fellow, very sharp and very polite, speaking three or four languages besides his own, for. ho had been a travelling courier, A few days after Lord Herbert's return he started off on a little, domestio tour, after whioh he was to ? settle down in London to read law. Before he.lelt the hall, his father an nounced to him that ho had settled his yearly allowance for the future, and named a sum so magnificent as to surprise tho heir of Elwood. : Soon after leaving the hall, Lord Herbert' gave, certain minute instructions to his confi dential valet, and they parted company, the young nobleman pursuing his journey alone in a poat-ohaise, his coarse lying through the northern counties. ? » » » u . It was tho dusk of evening, and a yoang girl was seated in a private parlor of a email inn in a northern post-town. Sho was very plainly dressed .but her beauty, as the opposite mirror assured her, stood in need of no ad ornment. She was evidently expeoting some one, for from time to time she consulted a little Geneva watch which hang at her waiBt with signs of impatience. At last her keen ear de tected a step on the Btair, then nearer in tho hall ; the door was flung open ; a young man rushed forward, folded her in his arms, kissed her cheeks, lips, and forehead and ex tlsimed : ' Jeannette I my own 1 my darling 1' ' Herbert I my love I my life I' ' Is this not a dream ?'' cried, the happy young man, as ho Eeated himself beside her and clasped her hands. ' Yon got -my letter ?' 'I wear it on my heart,' she whispered; ' and I oan repeat every word of it.' 'And you consent?' ' I am wholly youra, Herbert.'? ' I only ask tor one year of secrecy and se clusion. At tha end of that tims I will avow our union in the face of the world, oome what may. You are mors to me than father, mother, fortune, rank, I have oounted the minates of mv absence.' Muoh more he.said in the same strain, and there was a convincing sincerity ^ in the tone aa well as the words. _ Lord Herbert Knightly and Jeannette Wilson had corresponded seoretly daring the whole period of the former's absence. Hia firot letter had remained unanswered a long time, and expeotation had intensified . his passion. Then her cool, dilatory reply had produced warmer protestations on his part; an offer of marriage, whioh was rejected ; a dispairing rejoinder, and then an aooeptance on tho part of Jeannette, provided the offer was renewed at the expiration ot a year. If, in the interim, he ohanged his mind, and she continued to imploro him to forget her, thpn she released him from every pledge and would return all his letters. He had proved constant to his attachment, and now claimed the result of his fidelity. Jeannette had already written to the ooantess, thanking her for paBt kindnesses, but declining to return to Elwood Hall. This was a sort of tacit confession of an interest in the young heir, whioh it was her doty to suppress. She did not Bend the coantess her address. ' , Lord Herbert was determined to mako as surance doubly, sure. He might Btili be eus peoted and watched, and 'ho determined at onoe to baffle family interference. A post ohaise was at the door, and tho young couple entered it. La Fleur had boen dispatched in advance to secure relays of horses along the northern road, and joined the pair at the last station on the south of the northern English frontier. The postillions drove as it their employer was parsued, though there was no shadow of danger, Lord Herbert did not draw a free breath until Carlisle was left behind, and glad enough was he when they alighted at the blacksmith's shop in Gretna Green, then the great rendezvous of. eloping couples. The blaoksmith had a licence to .solemnize mar riages, and no preliminary formalities were requisite in Scotland. The attar was an anvil— the officiating priest a grimy son of Vuloin. Fortunately he never claimed the privilege, ot saluting brides; all lie oared tor was the. fee. In this ease it was liberal. The blacksmith famished a certificate— the legal marriage of Herbert Knightly and Jeannette Wilson, andLaFleni, endorsed it as a witness. The bridegroom gave this important document to the keeping ot the bride. . They left Gretna Green men and wife ; and their honeymoon began with deception. Re turning to London by unfrequented roads, they were registered at all their haltlngplaoes as Captain and Mrs. James Morton. : It was as Mrs, Morton, and not as Lady Knightly, that the bride took possession of an elegant little famished home in St John's Wood, a district in the ndrth-westera part ot - \London. ? * At first she was dazzled and delighted with , the eleganco ot the aristoctatia box. . Lord flerbsrt bad given Im J?iew cartt Wtnphe to to famishing it, and the man's Parisian1 J? achieved wonders. A ooupe and i saddle-horse were at her disposal— she had servants at oommahd— she was told she need not eoonomize in her expenditures. ®nj' after all, this was a cage, though a gilded one. Her husband could only visit her by stealthy She could not make acqaaint an,c®s— and, indeed, the character of the neighborhood waB rather dubious, Whon she rode. io.the. park ehe muBt be closely veiled. She must obser® constant preoau tions. Though a married woman, she was to lead the life of a oloistered nun. Daring his long weary absences, ehe oould not be certain how her husband was passing his to™ — temptations ho might be exposed Still be was hers. Sha loved him person ally aho loved hia rank. A year wouldsoo'n pass. She would then emerge from obsou \- the world with her beauty, vindicating her right to move among peer esseB— to be presented at court. Bright dreams, poor little Jeannette I And there was a romance in her position after all. To be treated as the fairy of this domestio eBtabliehment— to bo potted, loved, adored— it was rapturous 1 The honeymbon' was prolonged, and for months Lord Her bert did not seem tor a single moment to rrgret the step ho had takon. So the beauti ful reoluso of St John's Wood Terrace was perfectly happy. CHAPTER VI. TBOUBLE, - From tho moment when Jeannette broko WiJa Kate at Elwood Hall, she had conceived a passion for Gqacatri&n; eaeroise* Every fair ?day sho rode in Hyde Park, followed at a refipeotful distance by a mounted groom, Thongh her faoa was hidlea with a tbiok veil, stiU the elegance of her symmetrical form and the daring style of her riding Boon at tracted attention. Dandy guardsmen and old clubmen began to enquire after the femi nine enigma. The groom was questioned,' cash in hand, but he was mote as the sphinx* Some daring young men traoked her to St. John's Wood Terrace, and there learned that it waa a Mrs. Morton who 'Inhabited the elegant little bird*cage in tho centre of the block. But the neighboring tradespeople were not communioative about her ; all her bills wero pnnotually paid,, and that was enough for them. She never made any nur* chases personally, Tho fair equestriehno' bccamc tho talk of Eotten Eow. Why did sho always veil her facol Somo said she waa deeply pitted with - tho small-pox ; others that ehe was a colored woman ;'all eorts of rumors woro flying'in tho air. Even Queen Victoria one day raised her oye glass to her aa she passed hor in tho park. ' Sir Lionel Lincoln, of tho Carleton.mado a bet that he would speak to the Anonyma,and even mako her lift her veil. ' Primed with ohampagne, ho rode ap to her one day, and accosted her. ' A fine day, madam.' ' Jeannette took no notioe of his remark, but' touched her bay mare with the whip. The high-spirited aaimal bounded forward, but the insolent cavalier kept at her bridle rein. He glanoed round and saw that a group of his fellow-dandies were watohing him. One part of his bet he had already won— he had Bpoken to the lady ; but ho had sworn to lift the veil. It floated within reaoh of hiB hand and he dared to grasp it. White with passion Jeannette turned in her saddle and lifting her riding-whip dealt tho baronet a severe out aorosB the face. For one moment her own beautiful ooan tenance was revealed. The next instant Bhe had again shrouded it, and was galloping away followed oloaely by her groom. She did not intend to mention this occur anas to her husband, simply resolving to give up herd^vorite exercise. But the groom im parted ber secret to Lord Herbert, or rather to Captain Morton, as they all called their employer. 'Yon have been insulted to-day, Jean nette,' said his- lordship, 'I will avenge you.' ' I bava avenged myself, Herbert. The wrotoh will' oarry the mark ot my whip for a a fortnight, and I have made bim the laugh ing-stock of his fellows.' ' But I must have my revenge,' said Lord Herbert, darkly. ' No man shall insult my wife and live.' ' How will yon compass it 1 Are yoa ready to acknowledge that I am your wife?' ' Not yet ; but I oan quarrel with him on some other pretonce— fight him—' - 'Perhaps fall and Icavo mo alone in the world. No, do, Herbert, yoa love me too well for that. There is but one way to end these difficulties ; present mo to your father as your wile ; proolaim to the worlct who and what I am.' ' You forgot that onr seoret was to be kept for a year.' '1 agreed to that, dearest ; but why not anticipate tho avowal?' ' 'Do not press me,' replied Lord Herbert, gloomily.; ' I am not ready yet.' ' At that moment an altercation was heard in the lower hall, and a harsh voioe ex claimed: 'I mast and will see the lady ot the house.' 'Let me go down,' said Jeannette, turning pale. Some importunate beggar; I will Boon got rid ot him.' ' Bat the man seems to be insolent.' ' I can deal with him, dearest ; I entreat yoa to let me manage this.' - She ran down BtairB. A shabby rough looking man who had forced his way past the laokey, stood holding the servant by the collar. ' Tha moment he saw Jeannette, he said, in a f amiliar tone : '? Call your onr off. He pretended that I had no right to enter your house.' 'He comes on business, Goorgo,' said Jeannette to the wondering servant. You oan leave us.' She was pale as death, and so agitated that she oould not 'Bpeak, bat she beokoned the strange visitor into a side room and mately invited him to take a scat. 'You've kept youraelf confounded secret of late, Jeannette.' said the man, scowling at her. ' Thought you'd throw me o9 the soent, eh? But I was standing by the park rail ings this afternoon, and caught a glimpse ot your taoe while you was havfsg a row with your beau and outting bim csross the eyes.' ' You sawjne chastising a villain I', 'I saw what I saw. ? Well, yoa seem to be comfortably settled here— quite the lady. A fine house— fine olothes— while I— ?' He looked down at his shabby garments, and uttered something like a snarl of rage. 'I was not aware that yon were in dis tress,' said Jeannette, who was trembling violently. ' I am sare I am ready to as sist yoa,' and she plaoed her purse in his hands. 'I've beard the parson siy the wages of sin is death,' said the man, . weighing the purse in his hand and gloating on tho guineas that glittered through tho silken meshes 'but I say that tho wages of sin are fine olothes, meat,' and drink. Don't you find it so; Jean nette?' ' I do not nhderstand you,' answerod Jean nette, blushing scarlet.' ' ' Why, how do you coma by. these, luxuries that surround you? What aro you doing here 1 Mind, I don't oome hero to blame yoa, ?but to thare.' ' , ' I am here,' replied Jeannette, '? beoauM 1 m bflAfeaBd b m blr«-l (bis hww in me. ^ I am surrounded by luxuries because my hus band is generous.', ' I should like to set my oyes upon that generous chap,' said tbo man, with a drunken laugh. .' Very well, air, yoa can do it,' said Lord Herbert, 'entering tho room. ' I am this lady's husband— Captain James Morton.' ?'My dear brother-in-law,' said the in truder, offering him a dirty hand, 'lam happy to make your acquaintance.' Lord Herbert bene an Inquiring look on hiB wife. ' This is my brother Thomas,' she said, easting down her oyes — ' tho only relative I bave on earth.' ' I've had hard luck, captain,' said Mr. Thomas Wilson, throwing himself in a damask ohair ; ' but I am a gentleman, every inoh I' and he olinched the aBcertion with an oath. ' I'm a jaok-of.'all-tradea, but I never could make both ends meet. As I before re marked, I'm very glad to make your acquaint ance, and— and— and Wish yon many returns of the Bamo happy occasion. For three weeks, my dear sir, I haveil't known where to lay my head ; now, I snppoBe you've got a room and bed at my service here.' Lord Harbert signaled to his wife to leave tbcm alone, and she quickly withdrew. 'Thero is no room for you, here,' said Lord Herbert, firmly. 'Whan I married your Bister I waa not aware of your existence. \Vhen I married yonr sister, I had no idea of endorsing her family. This is my house; and I must tell you, sir, that its doors will be shut against you. Why, you oan well imagine. You must have been begging money ot yoar sister, I suppose. ' No, captain— a gentleman oannot oon desoend to beg ; but she very politely re quested mo to accept this trifle,' and he held up the well filled purse Jeannette bad given him. ' Very well,' said Lord Herbert, ' I will add to tho amount. Here is a twenty-ponnd note. Now you are in funds. Get yourself decent clothes, and look ont lor some honest employment. I see the rook you ntumble on ia intemperance. Avoid it. What I give you is burdoned with this condition— that you aro not to annoy your sister by coming here. If you violate the agreement, I shall know how to punish you.' . While Lord Herbert was speaking Wilson was scanning him from head to foot, as if imprinting every lineament on his memory. ' Very good, captain,' ho said, at last. 'Hand mo over the Sinity — I aocept the terms, f I will never call here without your permission. I will get myself ~a decent rig oat, and the rest of the money shall be— judiciously invested, I will do no discredit to my genteel brother-in-law. Sorry my en gagements will not permit me to Btay and take Buppcr with you. My oompliments to my sister 1 - Au revoir, captain. Wo shall certainly meet again.' ~ ' Heaven forbid 1' thought Lard Herbert, as be bowed the vagabond out of the houso. ' I have got rid of him,' said he, as he rejoined his wife. ' He will not trouble you again.' L : The name of Thomas Wilson was not agMn mentioned between them, and Lord Herbert had almost forgotten him, when, strolling one afternoon through Regent Btreet, he came uponan individual dressed in the extreme of fashion, with a glass stuok in his eye aud a lavender kid glove on the hand whioh twirled a little oane. 'Ah I Captain Morton, delighted to meet you 1' exclaimed this exquisite, who was no other thanThomaa Wileon, aa he extended his hand. Had Lord Herbert been alone he might have responded, but aa he was walking with a young guardsman, he replied, freez ingly : ' Sir, you are mistaken, I haven't the honor of knowing you.' 'Ah! indeed,' said Mr Wilson, staring at him through his glass. ' Not Captain Morton 1 whom then have I the supreme pleasure in addressing ?' . ? Bat Lord Herbert and hia friend had already passed on. ' Sailing under false oolora, eh ?' thought Wilson. ' Not Captain Morton I There's double-dealing here. Bat I'll find oat who and what yoa are, or my name's not Tom Wilson.' And he tamed and stealthily followed the young nobleman and his companion, CHAPTER VII. THE GRAVE AUD IDE AMAIt) Months rolled on. At first not . a day passed without Lord .Herbert visiting bis wife. Then came intervals ot abssnce, dar ing which he did not even write. Of aoarge Jeannette knew he was obliged to keep up appearances, to study, to show himself in society, to visit his home. But then his manner changcd. He was no longer im passioned. He was often oold and oonstrained, 'moody and silent. Sho would not think at flrst that ho -was growing weary of hor, but by degrees the conviction foroed itself upon her, and preyed upon her very soul. Her oheck grew pale, her eye dim, her beauty faaea. Fatal obange I for beauty and. tenderness were her only weapons. Sho lacked the ac complishments and the graces which are the birthright of aristooratio ladies, and if her humble charms Bhould desert her, she had no hold on the heart of tho man who had stooped from his high Btation to wed her. Lord. Herbert Knightly had indeed failed in more than ono reBpect.. He had broken his pledge to his father not to gamble, and he had again exceeded hie liberal allowance. He had debts aad duns. His establishment in St. John's Wooi Terrace folt the effects of hia embarrassments. He alleged to Jeannetto nnfortunate specula tions as the reason for entailing hia domestic expenses, and Bho.oheerfully saw horses and carriages sold, grooms dismissed, and the household reduced to a meagre minimum. But it was hard to bave to press her hasband for money, to meet the grocer's,' baker's and butcher's bills. She knew there was some-, thing wrong, dreaded something fatal. Daring tha . first' months of his secret marriage Lord Herbert had avoided sooiety ; now he was at every distinguished ball, concert, pionio, archery meeting. Every where he met Lady Fanny Westover. Sinoe their first* acquaintance her beauty had ripened into something marvellous, and she ' was followed by a train of ardent admirers. Bat she distinguished him above all others, and hia marked attentions compromised both. Though he never said anything to Jean nette about his sooial movements, the news papers, suoh as the Morning Post, and Court ioulnal, ohronioled them. The faot is, he waa leading a wild, desperate life, regardless of all consequences. High play and deep drinking divided hiB nights with theatres, balls, and dinner parties. He betted on the turf with the varying luck ot a follower of fortano. The earl and the ooantess bothbeoame un easy about him. They looked on a brilliant marriage as the .only means of saving him, and they already treated Lady Fanny West over a« their future daughter-in-law. .Lord Herbert's attentions to her wore unmistak able. No honorable- man conld be so. si-, sidaoas without giving the object of his ad dresses and the world to understand that he Jovedher. . Yet Lord Herbert nefar . deliberately pur posed to repudiate his marriage with Jean nette. He even, pressed by his father to ' settle' in lite, meditated precipitating an avowal, and braving all tho/oohseqaenoea,. though his first love had long since grown leoli. ' . 488 He had long beon absent from his Ohambers in the temple, and left no address, and therefore was without news from his wife; but one night he thought he wonld pay her a visit. There wero reasons why he should not have beon a singlo day away from her side, but his heart was now steeled, and he had ignored thoso reasons. The servant who opened tho door said not awordtohim. Hepaseed up into the draw ing-room, found it empty, and then into the chamber overhead. Jeannette was lying on the bed ; beside her a new-bom infant. An old nnrse, who was present, rose and left the room. 'Ah I you have come' at last, Herbert I' said Jeannette, in a taint voicc. ' I was afraid yon woold come too late.' Lord Herbert leaned over and kissed the white faoa. He was conscious-strioken. 'Oar ohild— our baby-daughter 1' con tinued the wife, inclining her head towards the little pink face on the pillow. 'You will take care ot her— when— I am gone.' 'What do yon moan?' oried Lord Her bert, bending over the eoaoh. ' Ate you not doing well?' ' I— am— dying,' murmured the poor woman. ' Hush 1 Herbert. It is Heaven's decree. The child— call her Garmeline — it is a fancy of mine. You will not balk my last wish — will you, darling?' ' Jeannette — dearest— live I — live for my Bake— for onr child's. I will acknowledge you ae my wifo to-morrow— you have the prootl' ' Here 1' she said, touching the bosom of her dress. Then she added ; ' Give me yoar hand, dearest.'. He took her hand ; it waB already oold, but the fingers pressed his slightly. He was not made of steel — ho was a man, aud his tears dropped like rain upon the poor, thin White hand. ' Do not weep, dearest,' murmured his wife. ' Believe mo. it ia better thus. Kisa mel Now good-night 1 Baby— do not forget.' With a wild ory he wranohed hia hand | from the tightened grasp. He gazed in his wife's face— it was the face of death. Long he sat thero in the darkened chamber. After the first burst of human, passionate grief, an awe fell npon him. Then there came a harder feeling, for dissipation, debt, distress, had steeled his heart. ' Better thus.' he muttered. ' It was she who Baid it. Better to die than to outlive love. And she is dead. That yellow waxen figure waa once my poor bright Jeannette 1 What a soul sho had I Bat is all over now. I am free ! She died just in time.' He had the nerve, that permaturely hardened man, to fumble in her dress, and take forth tho certificate of marriage. It waa the little Bleeping baby's birthright, and he was robbing both tho living and the dead. As he removed the paper, it seemed as if a frown passed over the faoa of tho corpse, but it was only the wavering of the wax light that produced the effect. Lord Herbert opened the paper and mado sure that it was genuine. . Then he held it in the flame of the oandle till the last inoh was burnt, to ashes. The blaze scorched his Angers, but he did not feel tho pain. J' Good- evening, my lord 1' Baid a man's voioe, that sounded like thunder in tha hush of the death-ohamber. 'Why do you oall ma my lord?' asked Herbort, turning on Thomas Wilson. ''Because it is respeotful, Lord Herbert Knightly,' answered the man. He was perfeotly sober, and perfcotly oool. - ' Aro yoa aware whom you are addressing, Bit 1' ' Perfectly. I am speaking to Lord Her bert Knightly, my siBter's husband.' ' Prove what you say.' 'ItiBvery easy to prove your identity.' 'Bat tho marriage 1' Wilson looked blank. ' You do not deny that yoa were married to yonder dead mother?' ' I do dony it, and I ohallengo you to produce contrary, evidence.' 'Yoa do not deny that yoar bio the fathor of that child, my lord ?' ' I do not deny that.' ' And you propose to abandon the in fant?.' ^ ' . ' I propose to do no suoh thing. Hear me. I have a proposition to make to you. You are needy— so, for the present, am 'I. But I can oommand money, when I strain a nerve. Hera are a hundred pounds for the funeral expenses of your unfortunate sister. As for tbe child, I' offer you five thousand pounds Bterling, to take oharge of it— to adopt and rear it aB your own. It you will call at my chambers to-morrow at noon, I will satisfy yoa as to the payment, I give you five minutes to consider the proposition. -Reject it, and I will make an arrangement with a Btranger. ' Thomas Wilson did not need five minutes to consider. Ho aocepted. The nobleman and adventurer ratified the bargain by clasping hands over the bed of death. From that moment Lord Herbert did not oast one look upon the face of his dead wife, her whose fair name he bad slandered for the sake of her own brother. Without a look at the bed where the silent form of her he had loved lay, ho left tho room and stole out of the house of death. 'To tho Carletonl' be ordered almost fiercely, as he sprang into his cab He waa in full evening dress, lavonder kids on hia handa, a nosegay in his button-hole. He was engaged for a ball at a duohess' that evening, and ho meant to keep his appoint ment. But first be must bava brandy. He drank so deep that one of his acquaintances' stood aghast at his reoklessness, and re monstrated. ' Mind your own affairs, Westley,' re torted Lord Herbort; 'I. oan tako care of myself.' He was aa oool, apparently, 'as it he had swallowed so much water, only the guests at tho duchess' noticed that ho was ia unusually high spirits. Lady Fanny Westover was his partner in a quadrille. He hung over her after he had conducted her to her Beat, where an old dowager, her ohaperon, was waiting for her. ' ' Remember, you are mine tor the waltz,' he whispered. 'To-night I monopolize you.' ' ~ Theorohestra soon struck up tha symphony of one of Lannier's wildest, moat maddening waltzes. 'This is something like life I' ho whis pered, aa shehungonhis shoulder, and thepaoe became fast and farious, as a turfman would aay. ' For what is lite itself bat one long, wild, whirling waltz ? When we have done spinning, we sink into the grave— don't you Bee?' 'You talk very strangely to-night,' panted Lady Fanny. ' Do 1 1 that is because I am in suoh high spirits. Yoa know I love yon, and now that I feel the pressure.of your hand, your per fumed breath upon my oheck, I am in Para dise. ? Are you, happy ?' ' Yea,' was the.murmared reply. Suddenly the musio Btopped. They were alone apon the floor. As be led her to her seat he pressed her hand, and the pressure was returned. ' Mine ?' he asked, bending down to catch the reply. ' Yours wholly,' was the answer, dfstinott though low. The accepted suitor of Lady Fanny WeBt over 1 Ana what about tho unburied woman -that lay at that moment on the little white bed in St. John's Wood? Why did that still tace'rise among the blooming cheeks, and the fair , -forms and the glittering diamond*, and VK-lightf Ot the dooheM' in Belgwfe ? - Why? Why? There was no accounting for such things ; but it waa possible to drown a ghost in waves of champagne and^ Bur gundy. So Lord Herbert drank,; but oould not Two wsekaalterwartis there wasau aristocra tic marriage at St. George's, Hanover square, duly chronicled by Jenkins of tha morning Pott, and the bridegroom was Lord Herbert Knightly; the bride,- Lady Fanny Westover. The ' happy couple' departed immediately after the wedding breakfaBt, for an extenBivo tour on the Continent. 'Happy? Of coarse they were. CHAPTER VIII. TTTtt BAB OF THE GEOnOE, Years have rolled by. How has Thomas Wilson performed his duties to his sister 0 ohild?— duties he was liberally paid to per form. A few. words will tell that story. When'Wilaon came into possession of the five thousand pounds— a little fortune— he really planned turning over a new leaf. He put the child out to a nurse in the oountry, and the woman who kept her for a few years . reared her well, and treated her not un kindly. _ „ In the meanwhile Wilson leased a small publio house, the George Inn, in the town of Warwickshire, and for some years did a prosperous ' businesa. His own irregular habits were a drawback to the prosperity of the establishment, but then his housekeeper —an old, one-eyed widow, Mrs. Brinton— by her sharp management, rather more than made both ends meet. Wilson gave himself out as a widower, and spoke of his daughter Carmeline. At the George Inn the mail-coaoh stopped to change horses, and wagoners put up lor tho night ; but that trade was soon ruined by a branch railroad that was run through tho town, so that finally tho concern depended principally upon tbe patronage of the village topers. When matters came to this pass, Wileon thought otbringingbome little Carmeline and making her useful, child as ? she waa. He had a right of pasturage for a couple of cows and some sheep, and her services in taking care of them would coat him only herbedandboatd. , ,Ohc day, accordingly, when she was about eight years old, ho drove out to the village where she lived, and took her away from her foster-mother. It was a cruel parting, for the woman and child loved eaoh other dearly. (V'n he cov.tinvi'd .*) HOW THE WOMEN WENT TO DOVER— 1662. The tossing spray of Cochcco's fall Hardened to ice on its rocky wall, As through Dover town, in the chill, gray dawn Three women passed, at the cart tail drawn J, By the meetinghouse in Salisbury town ' The sufferers stood, in the red sundown, Bare for the lash ! O, pitying Night, Drop swift thy curtain and hide the -sight 1.. .With shame in his eye and wrath on his lip, The Salisbury constable dropped his whip. M This warrant means murder foul and red ; Cursed is he who serves it,' he said. 'Show me the order, nnd meanwhile strike A blow at your peril !' said Justice Pike. \- Of all the rulers the land possessed, .Wisest and boldest was he, and best. He scoffcd at witchcraft ; the priest he met As man meets man ; his feet he set Beyond his old age, standing upright, Soul-free, with his face to the morning light. He read the warrant : 'These convey From our precincts ; at every town on the way Give each ten lashes !' ' God judge the brute I tread ,his order under my foot. . ^ 'Cut loose these poor ones and let them go ; Come what will of it, all men shall know. | No warrant is good, though backed by the Crown, For whipping women in Salisbury town J' The hearts of lite villagers, half released From creed of terror and rule of priest, By a primal instinct owned the right. Of human pity in law's despite. For ruth and chivalry only slept His Saxon manhood the yeoman kept ; Quicker or slower, the same blood ran In the Cavalier and the Puritan. The Quakers sank on their knees in praise . And thanks. A last low sunset blaze . Flashed out from under a cloud, and shed A golden glory on each bowed head, The tale is one of an evil time, When souls were fettered, and thought was crime, And heresy's whisper above its breath Meant shameful scourgingand bonds and death What marvel, that hunted and sorely tried, Even woman rebuked and prophesied. And soft words rarely answered back The grim persuasion of whip and rack ! If her cry from the whipping post and jail Picrccd sharp as the Kcnites driven nails. O woman at ease in these happier days, Forbear to judge of thy sister's ways ! How much thy beautiful life may owe To her faith nnd courage thou canst not know Nor how from the paths of thy calm retreat. She smoothed the thorns with her bleeding feet. —John G, ? Whitlier m Atlantic Hon ihhj 